MONDAY, OCTOBER 5, 1942
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: The Chief Justice, Mr. Justice Roberts, Mr. Justice Black,
Mr. Justice Reed, Mr. Justice Frankfurter, Mr. Justice Douglas, Mr.
Justice Murphy, and Mr. Justice Jackson.
Edgar Legare Pennington, of Miami, Fla. ; M. M. Wade, of Dallas,
Tex. ; William T. Welch, of Portland, Oreg.; John William Metzger, of
Denver, Colo. ; Robert Owen Curran, of Los Angeles, Calif. ; Allen G.
Davenport, of Los Angeles, Calif.; J. Leonard Raulston, of South
Pittsburg, Tenn. ; David A. Hersh, of Detroit, Mich. ; James J. Ragan,
of Atlanta, Ga. ; Edward J. Jeffries, Jr., of Detroit, Mich. ; Floretta
Vogel, of Mount Clemens, Mich. ; James W. Harvey, of San Francisco,
Calif.
; Lloyd W. Patch, of Washington, D. C. ; David M. Davis, of Oak
Park, 111.; Edward B. Hayes, of Chicago, 111. ; and Craig R. Johnson, of
Chicago, 111. ; were admitted to practice.
The Chief Justice said
"In deep sorrow I announce the death on July 18th last of George
Sutherland, a retired Justice of this Court.
"A citizen and member of the Bar of the State of Utah, he was United
States Senator from that State from 1905 to 1917. He was in active
service as a member of this Court from his appointment in 1S22 to his
retirement on January 5, 1938. As a Justice he brought to the service
of his country a well grounded knowledge of the law, a thorough under-
standing of the art of government, derived from a wide and varied
experience in public affairs, and an unswerving devotion to constitu-
tional government as the safeguard of cherished institutions and tradi-
tions of the Republic.
"His death has brought to a close a career of eminent public service,
and has severed the ties of friendship which his unfailing kindliness
and winning personality inspired in his colleagues and all those who
knew him."
The Chief Justice said
"I announce with regret, in which my colleagues share, the resigna-
tion by Mr. Justice Byrnes of his office as an Associate Justice of this
Court.
"We are reconciled to his leaving us only by the realization that he
is moved by a sense of duty to render a needed service of public im-
portance in a time of great national emergency.