27
I
OCTOBER TERM, 1938
Number of cases on docket_
Cases disposed of ___
Remaining on docket_
Cases disposed of-
By written opinions_
By per curiam opinions
STATISTICS
Original Appellate
Total
13
12
312
1,007
1,020
922
923
85
97
By denial or dismissal of petitions for certiorari___.
By motion to dismiss or per stipulation__
Number of written opinions_
Number of admissions to bar……….
REFERENCE INDEX
174
65
676
8
139
1,075
Cardozo, J., death of, announced.
Cardozo, J., resolutions of the Bar presented by Attorney Gen-
eral Cummings---
Brandeis, J., correspondence upon retirement__
Frankfurter, J., commission read and oath taken (January 30,
1939) ___
Douglas, J., commission read and oath taken (April 17, 1939)–
Frank Murphy, Attorney General, presented ___
Allotment of Justices
Disbarment, in the matter of-
W. A. Denson___.
J. William Tomlinson..
Walter C. Balderston_.
William H. Griffin__
Pierce Lonergan_---
Page
1
91
166
131
194
115
106,145,209
6,85, 103, 129
7
159
182, 225
210, 247
155
138
233
247
Rules of Supreme Court, general revision announced______
Bankruptcy, revision of the General Orders and Forms__
Admiralty Rules revised___
Copyright Rule 1 amended.
Counsel appointed to argue (No. 359 and Ex Parte Holchak) -- 36, 69
Judgment amended (Nos. 3, 294, 528) --
84, 182, 191
84,
169, 175, 233, 248
Opinion amended (Nos. 3, 127, 312, 441, 498, 449, 441)
99087-39-93

II
--
Page
Judgment affirmed by equally divided Court (Nos. 10, 104) __ 35, 119
Judgment in case on direct appeal from U. S. District Court
affirmed, on consideration of jurisdictional statements, on
ground that questions were so unsubstantial as not to need
further argument, citing Rule 7, par. 4. (No. 643)
Notice to Attorney General under Act of August 24, 1937 (No.
277).
159
10, 39, 44
Habeas corpus-rule to show cause issued
cause issued (Ex Parte
Holchak) ---
7, 69, 139, 145
Habeas corpus-motion for award of writ of, denied
Moot case-motion of appellant to reverse on that ground
granted (No. 567) -----
78, 83
170, 181
Appeal dismissed on motion of appellants, later reinstated on
motion (Nos. 146, 151)---.
Appeal dismissed as to certain appellants on their own motion
(No. 27) ____
2, 30, 64
Appeal dismissed as to one of two appellants (No. 368) ….
Appeal dismissed as to certain appellees (No. 329) ---
Appeal dismissed on ground appellants had no standing to
raise validity of State statute under commerce clause (No.
112) ____
3, 51, 60
35
52
4
10
139, 170
Appeal dismissed and certiorari granted (No. 158) ----
Appeal docketed and dismissed (Nos. 624, 728) __
Certiorari denied for failure to file within time provided by
Criminal Appeals Rule XI (Nos. 301, 324, 636).
(In No. 636 counsel by rehearing questioned Court's authority
to limit time for filing to thirty days.)
8, 153
16
Certiorari denied for failure to file within time (No. 162) ….
Certiorari-motion for rule to show cause why certiorari
should not issue denied without prejudice to the filing of a
petition for certiorari in accordance with the rules of this
Court (C. I. O. v. Hague). [Petitioner sought certiorari
before judgment in the C. C. A. but, because the record had
not yet been made up for the purpose of appeal to that court,
compliance with Rule 38 was impossible.] ---
Certiorari denied with two Justices dissenting (No. 6) 15, 62
Suggestion of diminution of record (No. 21) --
Motion as to printing record (No. 188) --
Motion to enlarge record (Nos. 310, 311) --
Motion to file supplemental record (No. 418) --
Motion to retax costs denied (No. 594 O. T. 1937) ----
Motion to tax costs denied without prejudice (No. 314)
Motion as to costs denied (No. 582).
-1-
71,72
2,8
15, 52
56, 61
130, 135
,
2.8
168
242, 248

III
Motion for injunction denied (Arrow Distilleries v. Alex-
ander)
Motion for injunction granted (No. 528) ---
Motion for stay and supersedeas granted (No. 221) …….
Stay granted (No. 651) ---
Motion for bail presented to the entire court and denied (Nar-
done v. U. S.) ____
Motion for bond denied (No. 367).
Page
104
105
10
146
236
121, 128
52
129
182
Motion to substitute and to make a new party denied (No. 22) –
Motion to withdraw appearance (No. 277) ----
Motion to set aside judgment of this court on ground of dis-
qualification of a Justice denied (No. 391) ---
Motion for recall and clarification of mandate denied (No. 16).
[A further effort to obtain the relief sought was made by
mandamus, motion for leave to file being denied.] - 186, 191, 212, 219
Rehearing granted (No. 10, 372 O. T. 1937, 166, 76) ….
Rehearing-motion for leave to file where petition for certio-
rari was denied at prior term, denied (No. 848 O. T. 1937) -- 106
Rehearing motion for leave to file and application for stay of
judgment in District Court, following denial of certiorari,
granted (No. 65) --
55, 62, 70, 145
126, 128
Motion to extend time for filing rehearing to next term of
Court denied (Nos. 614, 899). See also No. 52 (p. 251)
where application to file rehearing or in alternative to
postpone action to next term was denied ____
Order suspending call of docket_____
Order fixing tentative adjournment date-
Adjournment order
Final order__
236, 240, 248
212
222
242
252
U. S. GOVERNMENT PRINTING OFFICE: 1939



MONDAY, OCTOBER 3, 1938
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
1
Present: The Chief Justice, Mr. Justice Brandeis, Mr. Justice
Butler, Mr. Justice Stone, Mr. Justice Roberts, Mr. Justice Black,
and Mr. Justice Reed.
Ellison A. Neel, of Kansas City, Mo.; Dean D. Sturgis, of Union-
town, Pa.; William Brown Higbee, of Uniontown, Pa.; Donald
Mestrezat Higbee, of Connellsville, Pa.; Henry Silverman, of New
York City; Walter M. Andrew, of New York City; Clifford A.
Taney, Jr., of Minneapolis, Minn.; J. Lloyd Schaffer, of Baltimore,
Md.; Robert W. Lewis, of Worcester, Mass.; John B. Baratta, of
Atlantic City, N. J.; J. J. Speight, of Dothan, Ala.; Andrew B.
Crummy, of Newark, N. J.; John A. Matthews, of Newark, N. J.;
French B. Loveland, of Ocean City, N. J.; John T. Houser, of Long
Beach, Calif.; Atwood C. Wolf, of Jersey City, N. J.; Henry Jacob-
sen, Jr., of San Francisco, Calif.; Robert S. Keebler, of Memphis,
Tenn.; John Palermo, of Cleveland, Ohio; Charles L. Anderson, of
Logansport, Ind.; J. Arthur Moran, of Delavan, Wis.; H. Donald'
Kistler, of Washington, D. C.; Claire Woodworth Hardy, of Chicago,.
Ill.; Walter T. Fahy, of Philadelphia, Pa.; William B. Layton, of
Portland, Oreg.; Horace B. Sessions, of Ballinger, Tex.; Ellis L..
Quiett, Jr., of Tulsa, Okla.; Jerome Goldman, of Cincinnati, Ohio;
Carl E. Ring, of New York City; Chas. C. Goldman, of Cleveland,
Ohio; and Irving F. Goodfriend, of New York City, were admitted
to practice.
The Chief Justice said:
"Since our last session, we have suffered an irreparable loss in the
death of our brother, Justice Cardozo. At a time when he should
have enjoyed the full exercise of his remarkable powers he was
fatally stricken and we are inexpressibly saddened by this tragic
termination of his judicial service and the breaking of our cherished
ties of personal association. Admitted to the Bar of New York at
the age of twenty-one, Benjamin Nathan Cardozo rapidly won the
esteem of lawyers and judges and his special qualifications for judicial
work were early recognized. He was elected a Justice of the Supreme
Court of New York in 1913 and was almost at once designated for
service on the Court of Appeals of that State. This was followed
in a few years by his election as Associate Judge of that Court and
99087-38--1

MONDAY, OCTOBER 3, 1938
2
in 1926 he was made Chief Judge. On the retirement of Mr. Justice
Holmes, and in response to a widespread appreciation of the fitness
of the succession, Judge Cardozo was appointed Associate Justice of
this Court in February, 1932. His service on the Bench thus spanned
nearly twenty-five years, and his contributions to the development of
our jurisprudence made his judicial career one of the most illustrious
in American annals. His erudition, acumen, and technical skill, com-
bined with a philosophic outlook and a passion for justice, made him
an ideal Judge, and the wide range of his cultural interests, his
modesty and personal charm, made fellowship with him a most
precious privilege. With deep sorrow at our loss, we turn to our
work with a fresh inspiration as we contemplate his devotion to the
highest standards of the Bench. At an appropriate time, the Court
will receive the resolutions of the Bar in tribute to his memory."
No. 1, original. October Term, 1937. State of Georgia, complain-
ant, v. Tennessee Copper Company et al. Supplemental return to
the rule to show cause presented.
No. 2, original. State of Wisconsin et al., complainants, v. State
of Illinois et al.;
No. 3, original. State of Michigan et al., complainants, v. State
of Illinois et al.; and
No. 4, original. State of New York et al., complainants, v. State
of Illinois et al. Report of defendant, Sanitary District of Chicago,
dated July 1, 1938, presented.
No. 8, original. State of Nebraska, complainant, v. State of Wy-
oming et al. Petition of intervention of the United States and
answers of the several States presented.
No. 13, original. State of California, complainant, v. Murray W.
Latimer et al. Motion to dismiss and answer of the defendants
presented.
No. 594, October Term, 1937. Calmar Steamship Corporation,
petitioner, v. Charles W. Taylor. Motion to retax costs submitted
by Mr. Howard M. Long and Mr. Abraham E. Freedman for the
respondent in support of the motion and by Mr. Frank A. Bull for
the petitioner in opposition thereto.
No. 21. Wm. H. Neblett et al., petitioners, v. Samuel L. Carpenter,
Jr., Insurance Commissioner of the State of California, et al. Sug-
gestion of a diminution of the record and motion for a writ of
certiorari submitted by Mr. T. B. Cosgrove and Mr. John N. Cramer
for the respondents, Carroll C. Day et al.
No. 27. The Tennessee Electric Power Company et al., appellants,
v. Tennessee Valley Authority et al. Appeal dismissed as to appel-
lants, Tennessee Public Service Company and Holston River Elec-

MONDAY, OCTOBER 3, 1938
3
tric Company, on motion and stipulation signed by counsel for all
appellants and the Government.
No. 85. Heywood-Wakefield Company, petitioner, v. Edward F.
Small and Coach & Car Equipment Corporation. On petition for
writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for
the First Circuit. Dismissed on motion of counsel for the petitioner.
No. 146. Carl Perry, appellant, v. The State of Kansas; and
No. 151. Sam J. Boller, appellant, v. The State of Kansas. Ap-
peals from the Supreme Court of the State of Kansas. Dismissed on
motion of counsel for the appellants.
No. 271. Wallace Ranch Water Company, appellant, v. Foothill
Ditch Company. Appeal from the District Court of Appeal, 4th
Appellate District, State of California. Dismissed on motion of
counsel for the appellant.
Adjourned until Monday next at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Monday, October 10, will be as follows: Nos. 2
(and 56), 7, 14, 8, 9, 10, 11, 12, 13, and 15 (and 17).

MONDAY, OCTOBER 10, 1938
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
4
Present: The Chief Justice, Mr. Justice McReynolds, Mr. Justice
Brandeis, Mr. Justice Butler, Mr. Justice Stone, Mr. Justice Roberts,
Mr. Justice Black, and Mr. Justice Reed.
Elder W. Marshall, of Pittsburgh, Pa.; George H. Coppers, of New
York City; Roy E. Tomlinson, of New York City; J. Irvin McCourt,
of Baltimore, Md.; Laurence Sovik, of Syracuse, N. Y.; George R.
Fearon, of Syracuse, N. Y.; Leo E. Vaudreuil, of Kenosha, Wis.;
Harold H. Persons, of Madison, Wis.; William Edgar Byrd, of Balti-
more, Md.; Donald M. Waesche, of Jersey City, N. J.; Merle H. Miller,
of Indianapolis, Ind.; C. Ray Robinson, of Merced, Calif.; William
L. Clift, of Helena, Mont.; Hugh R. Adair, of Helena, Mont.; A. S.
Glikbarg, of San Francisco, Calif.; E. D. Turner, Jr., of San Fran-
cisco, Calif.; Harry G. Erbs, of St. Louis, Mo.; Roscoe Hollingsworth,
of Lebanon, Ind.; Al W. Johannes, South Bend, Ind.; Ralph R. Reed,
of Washington, D. C.; Benjamin H. Saunders, of Washington, D. C.;
John B. Nordgren, of Everett, Mass.; Samuel R. Blaine, of Newark,
N. J.; William E. Williams, of Cleveland, Ohio; John Davenport
Abney, of Hillsboro, Texas; Rolla W. Coleman, of Olathe, Kans.;
Arthur N. Adams, of Kansas City, Mo.; Eaton Adams, of Kansas
City, Mo.; Arthur N. Adams, Jr., of Kansas City, Mo.; and Richard
H. Demuth, of New York City, were admitted to practice.
The Chief Justice announced the following orders of the Court:
No. 112. M. D. Carter, appellant, v. The State of Texas. Appeal
from the Court of Criminal Appeals, State of Texas. Per curiam:
The appeal herein is dismissed (1) for the want of a substantial fed-
eral question, Whitney v. California, 274 U. S. 357, 368; (2) for the
reason that the appellant has no standing to raise the question as to
the validity of the statute under the commerce clause, United States v.
Kapp, 302 U. S. 214, 217–218; Kay v. United States, 303 U. S. 1, 6–7.
No. 150. Anna Marie Hahn, appellant, v. The State of Ohio.
Appeal from the Supreme Court of the State of Ohio. Per curiam:
The motion of the appellee to dismiss the appeal is granted and the
appeal is dismissed for the want of a substantial federal question.
Moore v. United States, 150 U. S. 57; Williamson v. United States,
207 U. S. 425, 450, 451; Heike v. United States, 227 U. S. 131, 145;
Adams v. New York, 192 U. S. 585, 599.
99087-38--2

MONDAY, OCTOBER 10, 1938
20
5
No. 179. Ziona Hope Dillard, appellant, v. Pioneer Title Insur-
ance and Trust Company, Napoleon Oscar Dillard and Lizzie Dillard.
Appeal from the District Court of the United States for the Southern
District of California. Per curiam: The motion of the appellees to
dismiss the appeal herein is granted, and the appeal is dismissed for
the want of jurisdiction. Section 238, Judicial Code, as amended by
the Act of February 13, 1925 (43 Stat. 936, 938); section 266, Judicial
Code, as amended by the Act of February 13, 1925 (43 Stat. 936, 938);
Stratton v. St. Louis S. W. Ry., 282 U. S. 10, 15–16; U. S. Naturopathic
Assn. v. Chiropractic League, 296 U. S. 539, 540.
No. 181. Sovereign Camp of the Woodmen of the World, appellant,
v. Don R. Casados, Robert Valdez et al. Appeal from the District
Court of the United States for the District of New Mexico. Per
curiam: The decree is affirmed. Brown-Forman Co. v. Kentucky, 217
U. S. 563, 572, 573; Northwestern Life Ins. Co. v. Wisconsin, 247 U. S.
132, 140-141; Tax Commissioners v. Jackson, 283 U. S. 527, 537;
Lawrence v. State Tax Commission, 286 U. S. 276, 284–285.
No. 214. Public Service Company of Indiana and Union Trust
Company of Indianapolis, Trustee, appellants, v. City of Lebanon,
Indiana. Appeal from the Supreme Court of the State of Indiana.
Per curiam: The appeal herein is dismissed for the want of a final
judgment. Grays Harbor Co. v. Coats-Fordney Co., 243 U. S. 251,
255, 257; Washington ex rel. McPherson Bros. Co. v. Superior Court,
274 U. S. 726; Ornstein v. Chesapeake & Ohio Ry. Co., 284 U. S. 572.
No. 238. Crescent Creamery, Inc., and Associated Dairies Com-
pany, Inc., appellants, v. Milk Control Board of the State of Indiana
et al. Appeal from the Supreme Court of the State of Indiana. Per
curiam: The appeal herein is dismissed as it does not appear from
the record that there is a final judgment. J. Bacon & Sons v. Martin,
Commissioner of Revenue, 302 U. S. 642.
No. 243. A. A. Campbell, C. M. Kiggins, et al., appellants, v. C. W.
Aldrich, Mrs. F. W. Blum, et al. Appeal from the Supreme Court
of the State of Oregon. Per curiam: The motion of the appellees
to dismiss the appeal herein is granted, and the appeal is dismissed
for the want of a substantial federal question. Phelps v. Board of
Education, 300 U. S. 319; Dodge v. Board of Education, 302 U. S.
74; Groves v. Board of Education, 303 U. S. 622.
No. 264. Carolyn T. Gardner, appellant, v. Commonwealth of
Massachusetts;
No. 265. Lucile Lord-Heinstein, appellant, v. Commonwealth of
Massachusetts;
No. 266. Flora Rand, appellant, v. Commonwealth of Massachu-
setts; and

MONDAY, OCTOBER 10, 1938
6
No. 267. Pamelia Ferris, appellant, v. Commonwealth of Massa-
chusetts. Appeals from the Superior Court, County of Essex, Com-
monwealth of Massachusetts. Per curiam: The appeals herein are
dismissed for the want of a substantial federal question. Powell
v. Pennsylvania, 127 U. S. 678, 685; Jacobson v. Massachusetts, 197
U. S. 11, 26-27; Graves v. Minnesota, 272 U. S. 425, 428; Lambert
v. Yellowley, 272 U. S. 581, 596.
No. 291. The Walding, Kinnan and Marvin Company, appellant,
v. The Department of Liquor Control of the State of Ohio, J. W.
Miller, et al. Appeal from the District Court of the United States
for the Southern District of Ohio. Per curiam: The decree is
affirmed. Mugler v. Kansas, 123 U. S. 623; Crowley v. Christensen,
137 U. S. 86, 91; Vance v. W. A. Vandercook Co., 170 U. S. 438, 444;
Crane v. Campbell, 245 U. S. 304, 307; Mahoney v. Joseph Triner
Corporation, 304 U. S. 401, 404.
No. 316. George E. Waesche, Trustee, appellant, v. The Thurmont
Bank, Thurmont, Maryland. Appeal from the Circuit Court of
Frederick County, State of Maryland. Per curiam: The motion of
the appellee to dismiss the appeal herein is granted, and the appeal is
dismissed for the reason that the judgment sought to be reviewed is
based upon a nonfederal ground adequate to support it. Eustis v.
Bolles, 150 U. S. 361, 368–370; Hale v. Lewis, 181 U. S. 473, 479–480;
Gauss v. Detroit Trust Co., 297 U. S. 695.
No. 338. Richfield Oil Corporation, appellant, v. The People of the
State of California. Appeal from the Supreme Court of the State
of California. Per curiam: The appeal herein is dismissed for the
want of a substantial federal question. Packer Corporation v. Utah,
285 U. S. 105; State Board v. Young's Market Co., 299 U. S. 59, 64;
Schuylkill Trust Co. v. Pennsylvania, 302 U. S. 506, 514.
The Chief Justice said:
"The other orders of the Court appear upon the list certified by
the Chief Justice and filed with the clerk and will not be announced
orally."
No. In the matter of the disbarment of W. A. Denson. It
appearing from the record in W. A. Denson, petitioner, v. Board of
Commissioners of the State Bar of Alabama, No. 129, October Term,
1938, that W. A. Denson, of Birmingham, Alabama, a member of the
Bar of this Court, has been disbarred from the practice of the law in
the Supreme Court of the State of Alabama;
It is ordered that the said W. A. Denson be, and he is hereby,
suspended from the practice of the law in this Court, and that a rule

MONDAY, OCTOBER 10, 1938
7
issue returnable within forty (40) days requiring the said W. A.
Denson to show cause why he should not be disbarred from the prac-
tice of the law in this Court.
No. —. In the matter of the disbarment of J. William Tomlinson.
It having been reported to the Court that J. William Tomlinson, of
Washington, D. C., a member of the Bar of this Court, has been dis-
barred from the practice of the law in the District Court of the
United States for the District of Columbia;
And it appearing that by order of February 7, 1938, this Court
suspended the said J. William Tomlinson from the practice of the
law in this Court and directed that a rule issue requiring him to show
cause, under Rule 2, why he should not be disbarred from the prac-
tice of the law in this Court;
And it appearing that said rule was duly issued and served upon
said J. William Tomlinson; and the return day of said rule having
passed and no return or answer to said rule having been filed by or in
behalf of said respondent;
It is now here ordered that the said J. William Tomlinson be, and
he is hereby, disbarred, and that his name be stricken from the roll of
attorneys admitted to practice in this Court.
No. —. R. L. Scott, plaintiff, v. Glenn O'Bannon et al.; and
―.
No. John R. Vann, Receiver, etc., appellant, v. Almours Se-
curities, Inc., et al. Applications denied.
No., original. Ex parte Lloyd Rubin, petitioner; and
No., original. Ex parte Francis Scalese, petitioner. The motions
for leave to file petitions for writs of mandamus are denied.
No. -, original. Ex parte Howard Lee, petitioner. The motion for
leave to file a petition for writ of habeas corpus is denied without
prejudice to application to the appropriate court at the appropriate
time.
-
No. , original. Ex parte Mike Holchack, petitioner. A rule is
ordered to issue, returnable within thirty days from this date, requir-
ing the respondent to show cause why leave to file the petition for a
writ of habeas corpus should not be granted.
No.-, original. Ex parte Charlie Johnson, petitioner. The motion
for leave to file a petition for writ of habeas corpus is denied.
No. 2, original. The State of Wisconsin et al., complainants, v. The
State of Illinois et al.;
No. 3, original. The State of Michigan et al., complainants, v. The
State of Illinois et al.; and
No. 4, original. The State of New York et al., complainants, v. The
State of Illinois et al. The report of the defendant, Sanitary District
of Chicago, dated July 1, 1938, is received and ordered filed.

MONDAY, OCTOBER 10, 1938
8
No. 8, original. The State of Nebraska, complainant, v. The State
of Wyoming et al. The petition of intervention of the United States
and the answers of the several States are received and ordered filed.
No. 13, original. The State of California, complainant, v. Murray
W. Latimer et al. The motion to dismiss and answer of the defend-
ants is received and ordered filed and the case is assigned for argu-
ment on the bill of complaint and motion to dismiss on Monday,
November 7, next.
No. 594, October Term 1937. Calmar Steamship Corporation, peti-
tioner, v. Charles W. Taylor. The motion of the respondent to retax
costs is denied.
No. 21. Wm. H. Neblett, Vernon Bettin, et al., 'petitioners, v.
Samuel L. Carpenter, Jr., Insurance Commissioner, etc., et al. On
consideration of the suggestion of a diminution of the record and
motion for a writ of certiorari in that relation, the motion for a writ
of certiorari is denied.
No. 53. Roy G. Harris and Benjamin F. J. Odell, petitioners, v.
Avery Brundage Company et al. The motion of the respondent to
dismiss is denied.
No. 359. Hugh Allen Bowen, petitioner, v. James A. Johnston,
Warden, United States Penitentiary, Alcatraz, California. On peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of Ap-
peals for the Ninth Circuit. The motion for leave to proceed in
forma pauperis is granted and the petition for writ of certiorari is
granted, limited to the question of the jurisdiction of the District
Court on habeas corpus.
No. 129. W. A. Denson, petitioner, v. Board of Commissioners of
the State Bar of Alabama. On petition for writ of certiorari to the
Supreme Court of the State of Alabama. The motion for leave to
proceed further herein in forma pauperis is denied for the reason that
the Court, upon examination of the papers herein submitted, finds
no ground upon which a writ of certiorari should be issued. The
petition for writ of certiorari is therefore also denied. Mr. Jus-
tice Black took no part in the consideration and decision of this
application.
No. 301. Joseph Edward O'Brien, petitioner, v. The United States
of America; and
No. 324. Willie Brown, petitioner, v. The United States of America.
On petitions for writs of certiorari to the United States Court of
Appeals for the District of Columbia. The motions for leave to pro-
ceed further herein in forma pauperis are denied for the reason that
the Court, upon examination of the papers herein submitted, finds

MONDAY, OCTOBER 10, 1938
9
that the applications for writs of certiorari were not made within
the time provided by law, Rule XI, Rules of Practice and Procedure
in Criminal Cases (292 U. S. 665).
No. 109. Edmond C. Fletcher, petitioner, v. The United States of
America. On petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia;
No. 117. William S. Story, petitioner, v. Thomas M. Rives. On
petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the District of Columbia;
No. 170. Mrs. Odell Elliott Pfaff, petitioner, v. The United States
of America. On petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Circuit Court of Appeals for the Fourth Circuit;
No. 171. Mervin S. Taylor, petitioner, v. The United States of
America. On petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Circuit Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit;
No. 172. J. Earle Freeman, petitioner, v. The United States of
America. On petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Cir-
cuit Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit;
No. 184. In the matter of Minnie Reese Richardson Wragg, peti-
titioner. On petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Circuit Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit;
No. 192. Leander H. Caswell, petitioner, v. Henry Morgenthau,
Jr., as Secretary of the Treasury of the United States, et al. On peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for
the District of Columbia;
No. 225. Brunetta Futrell, Administratrix, etc., petitioner, v.
The City of Newport News, Virginia, and Lillian Furbush. On peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of
Appeals for the Fourth Circuit;
No. 263. Dora Robertson et al., petitioners, v. W. J. Chronister
et al. On petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of the
State of Arkansas;
No. 281. Mary J. Hellmuth, petitioner, v. Frank Hellmuth. On
petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the District of Columbia;
No. 317. Walter Kelly, petitioner, v. James A. Johnston, Warden,
etc. On petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit
Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit;
No. 326. John Irvin, petitioner, v. Fred G. Zerbst, Warden, etc.
On petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court
of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit;
No. 327. William Reed, petitioner, v. John B. Colpoys. On peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for
the District of Columbia; and

MONDAY, OCTOBER 10, 1938
10
No. 353. John J. Aurynger, petitioner, v. Radio Corporation of
America. On petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit. The motions for leave to
proceed further herein in forma pauperis are denied for the reason.
that the Court, upon examination of the papers herein submitted, finds
no ground upon which writs of certiorari should be issued. The peti-
tions for writs of certiorari are therefore also denied.
No. 277. Orland S. Loomis, Individually, etc., et al., petitioners,
v. First Federal Savings and Loan Association. In view of the Act
of August 24, 1937 (50 Stat. 751), the Court hereby certifies to the
Attorney General of the United States that the constitutionality of
Section 5 of The Home Owners' Loan Act of 1933 (48 Stat. 132), as
amended by the Act of April 27, 1934 (48 Stat. 645), and by the Act
of May 28, 1935 (49 Stat. 297), is drawn in question in this cause.
No. 221. The United States of America et al., appellants, v. F. O.
Morgan, doing business as F. O. Morgan Sheep Commission Company,
et al. Probable jurisdiction is noted in this case and consideration of
the motion to dismiss or affirm is postponed to the merits. The appli-
cation of the appellants for a stay and supersedeas is granted and it is
ordered that the enforcement, operation, and execution of the order of
June 18, 1938, appealed from, be, and the same is hereby, stayed and
superseded pending determination of the cause by this Court. The
case is assigned for argument on Thursday, October 20, next.
No. 158. Pacific Employers Insurance Company, appellant, v.
Industrial Accident Commission of the State of California and Ken-
neth Tator. Appeal from the Supreme Court of the State of Cali-
fornia. The appeal herein is dismissed for the want of jurisdiction.
Section 237 (a), Judicial Code, as amended by the Act of February 13,
1925 (43 Stat. 936, 937). Treating the papers whereon the appeal was
allowed as a petition for writ of certiorari as required by section 237
(c), Judicial Code, as amended (43 Stat. 936, 938), certiorari is
granted.
No. 75. Gwin, White & Prince, Inc., appellant, v. Harold H. Henne-
ford, Thomas S. Hedges, et al.;
No. 113. Russell B. Patterson, appellant, v. Stanolind Oil and Gas
Company et al.;
No. 120. Rose Bucsi, appellant, v. Longworth Building & Loan
Association et al.;
No. 133. The Baltimore and Ohio Railroad Company et al., ap-
pellants, v. The United States of America et al.;
No. 177. J. S. Kohn, M. S. Kohn, et al., appellants, v. Central
Distributing Co., Inc., et al.;
No. 212. Southern Pacific Company, appellant, v. John C. Corbett
et al., etc.;

MONDAY, OCTOBER 10, 1938
11
No. 213. The Pacific Telephone and Telegraph Company, appel-
lant, v. John C. Corbett et al., etc.;
No. 227. Inland Steel Company, appellant, v. The United States
of America et al.;
No. 228. Chicago By-Product Coke Company, appellant, v. The
United States of America et al.;
No. 260. Dixie Ohio Express Company, appellant, v. State Revenue
Commission of Georgia et al.;
No. 269. Interstate Circuit, Inc., et al., appellants, v. The United
States of America;
No. 270. Paramount Pictures Distributing Company, Inc., et al.,
appellants, v. The United States of America;
No. 308. Ignatius Lanzetta et al., appellants, v. The State of New
Jersey;
No. 309. The United States of America, appellant, v. Durkee
Famous Foods, Inc.;
No. 310. The United States of America, appellant, v. Manhattan
Lighterage Corporation; and
No. 311. The United States of America, appellant, v. Colgate-
Palmolive-Peet Company. In these cases probable jurisdiction is
noted.
No. 130. Indianapolis Brewing Company, Inc., appellant, v. The
Liquor Control Commission of the State of Michigan et al.; and
No. 161. Ernest K. James, Individually, etc., appellant, v. United
Artists Corporation. In these cases probable jurisdiction is noted.
Further consideration of the motions to affirm is postponed to the
hearing of the cases on the merits.
No. 286. The United States of America, appellant, v. Midstate
Horticultural Company, Inc., et al.;
No. 287. The United States of America, appellant, v. The Pennsyl-
vania Railroad Company;
No. 295. H. P. Welch Company, appellant, v. The State of New
Hampshire. In these cases probable jurisdiction is noted. Further
consideration of the motions to dismiss or affirm is postponed to the
hearing of the cases on the merits.
No. 244. Chippewa Indians of Minnesota, appellant, v. The United
States. The motion for leave to file the statement as to jurisdiction is
granted and probable jurisdiction is noted.
No. 252. Joseph S. Finch & Company et al., appellants, v. Roy
McKittrick, Attorney General of the State of Missouri, et al.;
No. 253. Ben Burk, Inc., appellant, v. Roy McKittrick, Attorney
General of the State of Missouri, et al.;

MONDAY, OCTOBER 10, 1938
12
No. 254. Joseph E. Seagram & Sons, Incorporated, et al., appel-
lants, v. Roy McKittrick, Attorney General of the State of Missouri,
et al.;
No. 255. Hinrichs Distilled Products, appellant, v. Roy McKit-
trick, Attorney General of the State of Missouri, et al.; and
No. 256. Arrow Distilleries, Inc., appellant, v. Roy McKittrick,
Attorney General of the State of Missouri, et al. In these cases prob-
able jurisdiction is noted and the cases are assigned for argument
immediately following No. 130.
No. 276. Cary D. Landis, Individually and as Attorney General of
the State of Florida, et al., appellants, v. Gene Buck, Individually,
etc., et al. In this case probable jurisdiction is noted. The motion
of the appellant State's Attorneys to vacate the decree and direct
dismissal of the bill of complaint is denied. The motion of the ap-
pellees to substitute is granted and George Couper Gibbs, individ-
ually and as Attorney General of the State of Florida, is substituted
as a party appellant in the place and stead of Cary D. Landis,
deceased.
No. 329. Gene Buck, Individually, etc., et al., appellants, v. Phil
H. Gallagher, Individually and as State Treasurer of the State of
Washington, et al. In this case probable jurisdiction is noted and
the case is assigned for argument immediately following No. 276.
No. 302. Felt and Tarrant Manufacturing Co., appellant, v. John
C. Corbett et al., etc. In this case probable jurisdiction is noted and
the case is assigned for argument immediately following Nos. 212
and 213.
No. 203. J. Bacon & Sons, appellant, v. James W. Martin, Indi-
vidually and as Commissioner of Revenue of the Commonwealth of
Kentucky. Further consideration of the question of the jurisdiction
of this Court in this case is postponed to the hearing of the case on
the merits.
No. 231. The Alton Railroad Company, appellant, v. Illinois Com-
merce Commission et al. Further consideration of the question of
the jurisdiction of this Court and of the motion to dismiss or affirm
in this case is postponed to the hearing of the case on the merits.
No. 51. Armstrong Paint and Varnish Works, petitioner, v. Nu-
Enamel Corporation et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Seventh Circuit
granted.
No. 55. A. E. McDonald, petitioner, v. Ernest O. Thompson et al.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of
Appeals for the Fifth Circuit granted.
99087-38-3

MONDAY, OCTOBER 10, 1938
13
No. 57. State of Missouri, at the relation of Lloyd Gaines, peti-
tioner, v. S. W. Canada, Registrar of the University of Missouri, et
al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of the
State of Missouri granted.
No. 73. State of Minnesota, by its Attorney General, petitioner,
v. The United States of America. Petition for writ of certiorari
to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Eighth Circuit
granted.
No. 94. Inter-Island Steam Navigation Company, Limited, peti-
tioner, v. Territory of Hawaii by Public Utility Commission of the
Territory of Hawaii. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United
States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit granted.
No. 96. Harold T. White, Alexander M. White, Jr., et al., peti-
tioners, v. The United States; and
No. 97. Harold T. White, Sole Surviving Executor, etc., peti-
tioner, v. The United States. Petition for writs of certiorari to the
Court of Claims granted.
No. 98. M. E. Blatt Company, petitioner, v. The United States.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Claims granted.
No. 102. The United States of America, petitioner, v. Thomas R.
Powers et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Circuit Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit granted.
No. 104. The State of Montana, on the relation of the Board of
County Commissioners of Valley County, Montana, petitioner, v.
Archie G. Bruce, County Assessor, etc., et al. Petition for writ of
certiorari to the Supreme Court of the State of Montana granted.
No. 118. Princess Lida of Thurn and Taxis et al., petitioners, v.
Gerald Purcell Fitzgerald, Individually, etc., et al. Petition for writ
of certiorari to the Supreme Court of the Commonwealth of Penn-
sylvania granted.
No. 127. Mackay Radio and Telegraph Company, Inc., petitioner,
v. Radio Corporation of America. Petition for writ of certiorari to
the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit
granted.
No. 154. The United States of America, petitioner, v. Kathleen
McClure, as Administratrix, etc. Petition for writ of certiorari to
the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit
granted.
No. 169. The United States, petitioner, v. Frederick Pleasants.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Claims granted.
No. 180. Guy T. Helvering, Commissioner of Internal Revenue,
petitioner, v. Donald H. Owens and Marion Haviland Owens. Peti-

MONDAY, OCTOBER 10, 1938
14
tion for writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of
Appeals for the Second Circuit granted.
No. 189. Mrs. Zillah Lyon, petitioner, v. Mutual Benefit Health
and Accident Association. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Eighth Circuit
granted.
No. 210. The Pullman Company, H. J. Hatch, et al., petitioners,
v. Mrs. Garnett V. Jenkins et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to
the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit
granted.
No. 222. The Washingtonian Publishing Company, Inc., peti-
tioner, v. Drew Pearson, Robert S. Allen, et al. Petition for writ of
certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the District of
Columbia granted.
No. 229. National Labor Relations Board,
bian Enameling and Stamping Company, Inc.
certiorari to the United States Circuit Court
Seventh Circuit granted.
petitioner, v. Colum-
Petition for writ of
of Appeals for the
No. 245. The United States, petitioner, v. The Algoma Lumber
Company;
No. 246. The United States, petitioner, v. Forest Lumber Com-
pany;
No. 247. The United States, petitioner, v. Lamm Lumber Com-
pany. Petition for writs of certiorari to the Court of Claims granted.
No. 275. D. T. Currin, S. M. Cutts, et al., petitioners, v. Henry
A. Wallace, Secretary of Agriculture, etc., et al. Petition for writ of
certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the
Fourth Circuit granted.
No. 294. City of Texarkana, Texas, petitioner, v. Arkansas
Louisiana Gas Company. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United
States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit granted.
No. 312. John M. Taylor et al., as the independent committee,
etc., petitioners, v. Standard Gas and Electric Company et al. Petition
for writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals
for the Tenth Circuit granted.
No. 63. Connecticut Railway and Lighting Company, petitioner,
v. Howard S. Palmer, James Lee Loomis, et al. Petition for writ of
certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Second
Circuit granted. Mr. Justice Brandeis took no part in the considera-
tion and decision of this application.
No. 304. Guy T. Helvering, Commissioner of Internal Revenue,
petitioner, v. Chester N. Weaver Company. Petition for writ of
certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the

MONDAY, OCTOBER 10, 1938
15
Ninth Circuit granted and the case assigned for argument immedi-
ately following Nos. 96 and 97.
No. 318. Amedeo Obici and Mrs. Amedeo Obici, petitioners, v.
Guy T. Helvering, Commissioner of Internal Revenue. Petition for
writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for
the Fourth Circuit granted and the case assigned for argument im-
mediately following No. 180.
No. 182. Ford Motor Company, petitioner, v. National Labor Re-
lations Board; and
No. 183. Ford Motor Company, petitioner, v. National Labor Re-
lations Board. Petition for writs of certiorari to the United States
Circuit Court of Appeals for the Sixth Circuit granted and the cases
assigned for argument on Monday, November 7, next.
No. 188. Edward H. Titus, petitioner, v. Lou C. Wallick. Peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of the State of
Ohio granted. The motion to print an abbreviated record, consisting
of the parts of the record filed in this cause which are designated
in the motion, is granted, with leave to the respondent to submit to
the Court a motion designating any additional portions of the record
which he desires to have printed and the Court will take this motion
under advisement.
No. 195. Socony-Vacuum Oil Company, Inc., petitioner, v. Herbert
A. Smith, Jr. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Cir-
cuit Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit granted. Mr. Justice
Stone and Mr. Justice Roberts took no part in the consideration and
decision of this application.
No. 274. National Labor Relations Board, petitioner, v. The
Sands Manufacturing Company. Petition for writ of certiorari to
the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Sixth Circuit
granted and the case assigned for argument immediately following
No. 229.
No. 277. Orland S. Loomis, Individually, etc., et al., petitioners,
v. First Federal Savings and Loan Association. On petition for
writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for
the Seventh Circuit. On consideration of the stipulation of the
parties Frank H. Bixby, a member of the Banking Commission of
the State of Wisconsin, is substituted as a party petitioner in the
place and stead of S. N. Schafer, resigned. The petition for writ
of certiorari is granted.
No. 6. Thomas J. Mooney, petitioner, v. Court Smith, Warden of
San Quentin Penitentiary, State of California. Petition for writ of
certiorari to the Supreme Court of the State of California denied.
Dissenting: Mr. Justice Black and Mr. Justice Reed.

MONDAY, OCTOBER 10, 1938
16
No. 43. William B. Milliken, Margaret M. Milliken, et al., peti-
tioners, v. Violet L. Meyer, Both Individually and as Administratrix,
etc. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of the State
of Colorado denied, as it does not appear from the record that there is
a final judgment.
No. 105. Howard S. Palmer, James Lee Loomis, et al., petitioners,
v. Connecticut Railway and Lighting Company. Petition for writ of
certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Second
Circuit denied. Mr. Justice Brandeis took no part in the consideration
and decision of this application.
No. 76. The Maytag Company, petitioner, v. Hurley Machine Com-
pany and Electric Household Utilities Corporation; and
No. 77. The Maytag Company, petitioner, v. Easy Washing
Machine Corporation. On petition for writs of certiorari to the
United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit; and
No. 352. The Maytag Company, petitioner, v. General Electric
Supply Corporation. On petition for writ of certiorari to the United
States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Eighth Circuit. The motion
to defer consideration of the applications for writs of certiorari in
these cases is denied. The petitions for writs of certiorari are denied.
No. 143. J. D. Howth, petitioner, v. T. J. Farrar et al. The motion
of the Fall Corporation for leave to file a brief as amicus curiae is
denied. The petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Cir-
cuit Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit is denied.
No. 162. Hattie L. Mosher, petitioner, v. E. Power Conway. Peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of the State of Ari-
zona is denied for the reason that application therefor was not made
within the time provided by law. Section 8 (a), Act of February 13,
1925 (43 Stat. 936, 940).
No. 166. The Toledo Pressed Steel Company, petitioner, v. Stand-
ard Parts, Inc.; and
No. 167. The Toledo Pressed Steel Company, petitioner, v. Huebner
Supply Company. The motion to defer consideration of the applica-
tion for writs of certiorari in these cases is denied. The petition for
writs of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for
the Sixth Circuit is denied.
No. 168. City of Indianapolis et al., petitioners, v. The Chase
National Bank of the City of New York, Trustee, et al. Petition for
writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for
the Seventh Circuit is denied. Mr. Justice Butler took no part in the
consideration and decision of this application.
No. 32. George E. Warren Corporation, petitioner, v. The United
States of America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United
States Court of Customs and Patent Appeals denied.

MONDAY, OCTOBER 10, 1938
17
No. 33. The United States v. Coleman F. Driver. Petition for
writ of certiorari to the Court of Claims denied.
No. 34. Penick & Ford, Ltd., Incorporated, petitioner, v. Interna-
tional Patents Development Company et al. Petition for writ of
certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the
Third Circuit denied.
No. 35. Emelia Brooks, Administratrix, etc., petitioner, v. The
City of Seattle. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court
of the State of Washington denied.
No. 36. Julia C. Collins, by Coit I. Hughes, her guardian ad litem,
petitioner, v. C. Claude Dye, Individually, etc. Petition for writ of
certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Ninth
Circuit denied.
No. 37. Russell and Tucker (Formerly a Partnership composed of
Lee L. Russell and Sam C. Tucker) et al., petitioners, v. The United
States of America;
No. 38. Porter Brothers & Biffle et al., petitioners, v. The United
States of America;
No. 39. Henry Price et al., petitioners, v. The United States of
America;
No. 206. The United States of America, petitioner, v. Russell and
Tucker et al.;
No. 207. The United States of America, petitioner, v. Porter
Brothers and Biffle et al.; and
No. 208. The United States of America, petitioner, v. Henry Price
et al. Petitions for writs of certiorari to the United States Circuit
Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 40. Wabash Railway Company, petitioner, v. John E. Bridal.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of
Appeals for the Eighth Circuit denied.
No. 41. Krupp Nirosta Co., Inc., et al., petitioners, v. Conway P.
Coe, Commissioner of Patents. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
United States Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia denied.
No. 42. The American Tobacco Company, petitioner, v. Frank C.
Bowers, as Executor, etc. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit denied.
No. 44. Paramino Lumber Company and Union Insurance Society
of Canton, Ltd., petitioners, v. Wm. A. Marshall, Deputy Commis-
sioner, etc. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Cir-
cuit Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit denied.
No. 45. State of Kansas on the relation of Clarence V. Beck, At-
torney General, et al., petitioners, v. Occidental Life Insurance Com-
pany et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Circuit Court of Appeals for the Tenth Circuit denied.

MONDAY, OCTOBER 10, 1938
18
No. 46. William B. Scaife & Sons Company, petitioner, v. William
Driscoll, Collector, etc. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United
States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Third Circuit denied.
No. 47. Martha A. Guettel et al., petitioners, v. The United States
of America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Circuit Court of Appeals for the Eighth Circuit denied.
No. 50. Joseph V. Voorhees, petitioner, v. Ira W. Syck as Sheriff
of Mower County, Minnesota. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
Supreme Court of the State of Minnesota denied.
No. 52. Josiah K. Lilly, Jr., petitioner, v. Will H. Smith, Collector,
etc. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit
Court of Appeals for the Seventh Circuit denied.
No. 54. Becker Steel Company of America, petitioner, v. Homer S.
Cummings, Attorney General of the United States, etc., et al. Peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of
Appeals for the Second Circuit denied.
No. 58. The Procter & Gamble Company, petitioner, v. Conway P.
Coe, Commissioner of Patents. Petition for writ of certiorari to
the United States Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia
denied.
No. 59. Jessie E. Shubrick et al., petitioners, v. Van Camp Prod-
ucts Company et al.; and
No. 60. Jessie E. Shubrick et al., petitioners, v. Van Camp Prod-
ucts Company et al. Petition for writs of certiorari to the United
States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Seventh Circuit denied.
No. 61. F. M. Berry, Trustee of John B. Willoughby and Mary M.
Willoughby, Bankrupts, petitioner, v. C. B. Austin, Executor, etc.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of
Appeals for the Sixth Circuit denied.
No. 62. The Cleveland-Cliffs Iron Company, petitioner, v. George
Martini, Administrator, etc. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Sixth Circuit denied.
No. 64. Elkhorn Coal Company, petitioner, v. Guy T. Helvering,
Commissioner of Internal Revenue. Petition for writ of certiorari
to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Fourth Circuit
denied.
No. 65. Douglas Fairbanks, petitioner, v. The United States of
America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit
Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit denied.
No. 67. Murray Greiman, Trustee, etc., petitioner, v. Metropolitan
Life Insurance Company et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to
the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Third Circuit
denied.

MONDAY, OCTOBER 10, 1938
19
No. 72. Arkansas Louisiana Gas Company, petitioner, v. City of
Texarkana, Arkansas, et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Eighth Circuit denied.
No. 78. Joseph W. Cox, George W. White, et al., petitioners, v.
Joseph W. Thompson et al.; and
No. 204. Joseph W. Thompson et al., petitioners, v. Park Savings
Bank et al. Petitions for writs of certiorari to the United States
Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia denied.
No. 79. Indian Territory Oil and Gas Company, petitioner, v.
Indian Territory Illuminating Oil Company. Petition for writ of
certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Tenth
Circuit denied.
No. 80. Department of Water and Power of the City of Los
Angeles, petitioner, v. James C. Anderson. Petition for writ of cer-
tiorari to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Ninth
Circuit denied.
No. 81. Robert W. Higgins, Jr., et al., petitioners, v. City of Okla-
homa City. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of
the State of Oklahoma denied.
No. 82. Mattie McMullin, Executrix, etc., petitioner, v. Thomas J.
Sheehan, Collector of Internal Revenue, etc. Petition for writ of
certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Eighth
Circuit denied.
No. 83. Thomas N. Dysart, Trustee, etc., petitioner, v. The United
States of America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United
States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Eighth Circuit denied.
No. 84. John J. Morris, Jr., Trustee, etc., petitioner, v. Marshall
E. Sampsell, J. F. O'Connell, et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to
the Supreme Court of the State of Wisconsin denied.
No. 86. Julia C. Collins, by Coit I. Hughes, her guardian ad litem,
petitioner, v. Helene Streitz. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit denied.
No. 87. Frank F. Nesbit and American Security and Trust Com-
pany, Executors, etc., petitioners, v. Frederick Snare Corporation.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the District of Columbia denied.
No. 88. Benjamin A. Bogy, petitioner, v. The United States of
America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit
Court of Appeals for the Sixth Circuit denied.
No. 89. Harrison H. Boyce, petitioner, v. The United States. Peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the Court of Claims denied.

MONDAY, OCTOBER 10, 1938
20
No. 90. Willie Crockett Wright, Administratrix, etc., petitioner, v.
The United States. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of
Claims denied.
No. 91. James Chiara and Joseph Chiara, petitioners, v. Delaware,
Lackawanna & Western Railroad Company. Petition for writ of
certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Third
Circuit denied.
No. 92. Lem Motlow, petitioner, v. Southern Holding & Securities
Corporation et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Circuit Court of Appeals for the Eighth Circuit denied.
No. 93. The Home Indemnity Company, petitioner, v. National
Motorship Corporation. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United
States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit denied.
No. 95. Vitagraph, Inc., RKO Distributing Corporation, et al.,
petitioners, v. Harry Perelman and Louis Perelman, Individually, etc.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of
Appeals for the Third Circuit denied.
No. 99. W. D. Hurlbut and Ahlberg Bearing Company, petition-
ers, v. George Meyerson. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United
States Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia denied.
No. 100. William R. Clements, petitioner, v. The United States
of America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court
of Appeals for the District of Columbia denied.
No. 101. Jessie M. Means, Executrix, etc., petitioner, v. M. J.
Faletti, Trustee, etc., et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United
States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Seventh Circuit denied.
No. 103. John Lawrence Mercer, petitioner, v. M. F. Lence, Dis-
trict Director, Immigration and Naturalization Service, etc. Petition
for writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals
for the Tenth Circuit denied.
No. 106. Simon D. Eveloff, Charles Taxin, et al., petitioners, v.
Joseph K. Willing, Receiver, etc. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Third Circuit denied.
No. 107. Massachusetts Protective Association, Incorporated, pe-
titioner, v. Elvira Swasey. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United
States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit denied.
No. 108. Batangas Transportation Company, petitioner, v. Manila
Railroad Company et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme
Court of the Commonwealth of the Philippines denied.
No. 110. Loose-Wiles Biscuit Company, petitioner, v. Almon G.
Rasquin, Individually, etc. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit denied.
99087-38-4

MONDAY, OCTOBER 10, 1938
21
No. 111. Waterman William Porter, petitioner, v. The United
States of America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United
States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Seventh Circuit denied.
No. 114. United States Fidelity and Guaranty Company, peti-
tioner, v. Mercantile Home Bank & Trust Company. Petition for
writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for
the Eighth Circuit denied.
No. 115. Mutual Benefit Health and Accident Association, peti-
tioner, v. Ralley A. Warrell. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Eighth Circuit denied.
No. 116. June Reed and George Hammond, petitioners, v. The
United States of America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit denied.
No. 119. Herman H. Canter and Fay Canter, petitioners, v.
George Ramsey, E. Carlton Granberry, et al. Petition for writ of
certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the
Second Circuit denied.
No. 121. Corral, Wodiska Y Ca., petitioner, v. Anderson, Thorson
& Co. et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Circuit Court of Appeals for the Seventh Circuit denied.
No. 122. Augustus Steinthal, petitioner, v. Arlington Sample Book
Company. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit
Court of Appeals for the Third Circuit denied.
No. 123. Harold F. Gross and Edmund C. Shields, petitioners, v.
Saginaw Broadcasting Company. Petition for writ of certiorari to
the United States Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia
denied.
No. 124. Rogers Oil & Gas Company, petitioner, v. Guy T. Hel-
vering, Commissioner of Internal Revenue; and
No. 125. Grison Oil Corporation, petitioner, v. Guy T. Helvering,
Commissioner of Internal Revenue. Petition for writ of certiorari
to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Tenth Circuit
denied.
No. 126. The Prudential Insurance Company of America, peti-
tioner, v. Laura H. Herold. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Third Circuit denied.
No. 131. City National Bank and I. H. Nakdimen, petitioners, v.
Henry C. Sternberg. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme
Court of the State of Arkansas denied.
No. 132. Ernest R. Woolley, petitioner, v. The United States of
America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit
Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit denied.

MONDAY, OCTOBER 10, 1938
22
No. 131. Justin L. Mitchell, petitioner, v. The People of the State
of Illinois. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of
the State of Illinois denied.
No. 135. John Gruenwald, Peter Duerr, et al., petitioners, v. Moir
Hotel Company et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United
States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Seventh Circuit denied.
No. 136. The Brush-Moore Newspapers, Inc., petitioner, v. Com-
missioner of Internal Revenue. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Sixth Circuit denied.
No. 137. Florance H. Foley, Executor, et al., petitioners, v. Com-
missioner of Internal Revenue; and
No. 138. Florance H. Foley, Executor, et al., petitioners, v. Com-
missioner of Internal Revenue. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Third Circuit denied.
No. 139. Mike Erceg, Guardian, etc., petitioner, v. Fairbanks Ex-
ploration Company. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United
States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit denied.
No. 140. Pearl A. Long, petitioner, v. Commissioner of Internal
Revenue. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit
Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit denied.
No. 141. Grace Thornhill Chesser et al., petitioners, v. United
Production Corporation. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United
States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 144. Public Mutual Benefit Foundation, petitioner, v. Owen
B. Hunt, Insurance Commissioner of the Commonwealth of Pennsyl-
vania. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit
Court of Appeals for the Third Circuit denied.
No. 145. John M. McGrath and William T. Cowin, as Trustees,
etc., petitioners, v. Alfred T. Davison. Petition for writ of certiorari
to the United States Circnit Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit
denied.
No. 148. Virgil C. Brink and George M. Thompson, Trustees, etc.,
petitioners, v. Commissioner of Corporations and Taxation. Peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Judicial Court of the Com-
monwealth of Massachusetts, County of Suffolk, denied.
No. 149. John T. Murphy, petitioner, v. Kenton County Bar Asso-
ciation on relation of Mary E. Finnegan et al. Petition for writ of
certiorari to the Court of Appeals of the Commonwealth of Ken-
tucky denied.
No. 152. Securities Allied Corporation, petitioner, v. Commissioner
of Internal Revenue; and

MONDAY, OCTOBER 10, 1938
23
No. 153. Securities Allied Corporation, petitioner, v. Commissioner
of Internal Revenue. Petition for writs of certiorari to the United
States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit denied.
No. 155. Louis Edelstein, petitioner, v. The United States of
America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit
Court of Appeals for the Third Circuit denied.
No. 156. The Missouri Pacific Railroad Company, petitioner, v.
Via Graves. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court
of the State of Missouri denied.
No. 157. Julia C. Collins, by Coit I. Hughes, her guardian ad litem,
petitioner, v. S. L. Finley. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit denied.
No. 159. D. E. Harris, petitioner, v. Missouri Pacific Railroad Com-
pany. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of the
State of Missouri denied.
No. 160. Robert V. Morse, petitioner, v. The United States. Peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the Court of Claims denied.
No. 173. The Pennroad Corporation, petitioner, v. Albert H.
Ladner, Jr., Former Collector, etc. Petition for writ of certiorari to
the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Third Circuit
denied.
No. 174. The United States of America ex rel. Nathan Fink, peti-
tioner, v. Rudolph Reimer, Commissioner of Immigration, etc. Peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of
Appeals for the Second Circuit denied.
No. 175. Southern Railway Company, petitioner, v. Mrs. Olivia
Cox Lunsford, Administratrix, etc. Petition for writ of certiorari to
the Court of Appeals of the State of Georgia denied.
No. 176. Southern Railway Company, petitioner, v. W. A. Goree.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals of the State of
Georgia denied.
No. 178. The United States of America, petitioner, v. Legh R.
Powell, Jr., et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Circuit Court of Appeals for the Fourth Circuit denied.
No. 185. United States ex rel. United States Borax Company, peti-
tioner, v. Harold L. Ickes, Secretary of the Interior. Petition for
writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the Dis-
trict of Columbia denied.
No. 186. The United States of America, petitioner, v. G. Watson
French et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Circuit Court of Appeals for the Eighth Circuit denied.

MONDAY, OCTOBER 10, 1938
24
No. 187. Jerihem Seeman, Indicted as Jack Seeman, alias J.
Courtney, etc., petitioner, v. The United States of America. Petition
for writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals
for the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 190. Leo Ginsburg, petitioner, v. The United States of Amer-
ica. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court
of Appeals for the Seventh Circuit denied.
No. 193. Charles Luciano, petitioner, v. The People of the State
of New York; and
No. 194. David Betillo et al., petitioners, v. The People of the
State of New York. Petitions for writs of certiorari to the Supreme
Court of the State of New York denied.
No. 196. Martin Witte, petitioner, v. Haven Parker. Petition for
writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for
the First Circuit denied.
No. 197. Edward F. Mayer, a Taxpayer of the City of Cincinnati,
Ohio, etc., petitioner, v. John H. Ames, Director of the Department
of Safety of Cincinnati, Ohio, et al. Petition for writ of certiorari
to the Supreme Court of the State of Ohio denied.
No. 198. The Kansas City Southern Railway Company, petitioner,
v. E. J. Larsen. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court
of the State of Arkansas denied.
No. 199. Minneapolis, St. Paul & Sault Ste. Marie Railway Com-
pany, petitioner, v. Industrial Commission of Wisconsin and Peter
Pucci. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of the
State of Wisconsin denied.
No. 201. Louis Dern and Ada Dern, petitioners, v. Charles B.
Tanner et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Circuit Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit denied.
No. 202. Singer Sewing Machine Company, petitioner, v. Ameri-
can Safety Table Company. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Third Circuit denied.
No. 205. J. S. Bache et al., petitioners, v. Louisiana Oil Refining
Corporation et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Circuit Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 209. James J. Kilgallon, Will C. Moody, et al., etc., petitioners,
v. Commissioner of Internal Revenue. Petition for writ of certiorari
to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Seventh Circuit
denied.
No. 211. William W. Evans, Albert Catalane, et al., petitioners, v.
Textile Dyeing & Printing Company of America, Inc. Petition for
writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the
Third Circuit denied.

MONDAY, OCTOBER 10, 1938
25
No. 215. Drainage District No. 1 of Richardson County, Nebraska,
et al., petitioners, v. James P. Mooney. and for all others similarly sit-
uated. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of the
State of Nebraska denied.
No. 216. County of Santa Barbara, Harold S. Chase, et al., peti-
tioners, v. Thomas B. Bishop Company. Petition for writ of certiorari
to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit
denied.
No. 217. Geo. F. Dugger, Trustee, etc., petitioner, v. Alfred Jen-
kins et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit
Court of Appeals for the Sixth Circuit denied.
No. 218. Maria Del Pilar Jordan De Urries Y Magalhaes, Count-
ess of Santa Cruz de Los Manueles, petitioner, v. Luis Regino Rojas,
also known as Luis Regino De Amo, etc., et al. Petition for writ of
certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Ninth
Circuit denied.
No. 219. State of Mississippi ex rel. Rufus Lee Roy, petitioner, v.
Ephriam R. McLean, Sometimes known as E. R. McLean. Petition
for writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals
for the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 220. Mariano Cu Unjieng, petitioner, v. The People of the
Philippine Islands et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme
Court of the Commonwealth of the Philippines denied.
No. 223. National Conference on Legalizing Lotteries, Inc., peti-
tioner, v. James A. Farley, Postmaster General of the United States.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the District of Columbia denied.
No. 224. Pennsylvania Public Utility Commission, petitioner, v.
Union Traction Company of Philadelphia et al. Petition for writ
of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the
Third Circuit denied.
No. 226. John M. Perry, petitioner, v. The United States. Petition
for writ of certiorari to the Court of Claims denied.
No. 230. The Equitable Life Assurance Society of the United
States et al., petitioners, v. Norman R. MacDonald. Petition for
writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for
the Ninth Circuit denied.
No. 232. The Kansas City Southern Railway Company, petitioner,
v. Interstate Commerce Commission et al. Petition for writ of cer-
tiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the District of
Columbia denied.
No. 233. Red River Broadcasting Company, Inc., petitioner, v.
Federal Communications Commission and Fred A. Baxter. Pe-

MONDAY, OCTOBER 10, 1938
26
tition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the District of Columbia denied.
No. 234. Margaret Culbertson Scripps et al., Executors, etc., peti-
tioners, v. Commissioner of Internal Revenue;
No. 235. Roy W. Howard et al., Successor Trustees, etc., peti-
tioners, v. Commissioner of Internal Revenue;
No. 236. Margaret Culbertson Scripps et al., Executors, etc., peti-
tioners, v. Commissioner of Internal Revenue; and
No. 237. Roy W. Howard et al., Successor Trustees, etc., peti-
tioners, v. Commissioner of Internal Revenue. Petition for writs of
certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Sixth
Circuit denied.
No. 239. West Tennessee Power & Light Company, petitioner, v.
The City of Jackson et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Sixth Circuit denied.
No 248. Moses Scheuer and Nathan Scheuer, Surviving partners,
etc., petitioners, v. The United States. Petition for writ of certiorari
to the Court of Claims denied.
No. 250. Moses L. Purvin and Henry W. Ustin, Executors, etc.,
petitioners, v. Commissioner of Internal Revenue. Petition for writ
of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the
Seventh Circuit denied.
No. 251. The Spokane Silver and Lead Company, petitioner, v.
Harry S. Price et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United
States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Eighth Circuit denied.
No. 257. Nicholas Floratos, petitioner, v. The United States of
America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court
of Appeals for the District of Columbia denied.
No. 259. Henry C. Steneck and George W. Steneck, petitioners, v.
State of New Jersey. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Hudson
County Court of Quarter Sessions, State of New Jersey, denied.
No. 261. Ford Motor Company, petitioner, v. Dyke Cullum. Peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of
Appeals for the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 262. Hartford Accident & Indemnity Company, petitioner, v.
Edward R. Collins. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United
States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 268. Hiram Walker & Sons, Inc., petitioner, v. The United
States. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Customs and
Patent Appeals denied.
No. 272. Memphis Furniture Manufacturing Company, petitioner,
v. National Labor Relations Board. Petition for writ of certiorari

MONDAY, OCTOBER 10, 1938
27
to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Sixth Circuit
denied.
No. 273. Federal Reserve Bank of Philadelphia, petitioner, v. Leon
Levy. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit
Court of Appeals for the Third Circuit denied.
No. 278. Utah Power & Light Company, petitioner, v. Provo City,
a municipal corporation of the State of Utah, et al. Petition for writ
of certiorari to the Supreme Court of the State of Utah denied.
No. 279. Curtis Bay Towing Company, petitioner, v. Charles W.
Dean. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals of the
State of Maryland denied.
No. 280. Chicago Telephone Supply Company, petitioner, v. The
United States. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Claims
denied.
No. 282. Cleveland Clinic Foundation and Malcolm L. McBride,
Administrator, etc., petitioners, v. Ethel Tod Humphrys and Cen-
tral National Bank of Cleveland, Trustee. Petition for writ of
certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the
Sixth Circuit denied.
No. 283. Hubert F. Laugharn, as Trustee, etc., petitioner. v. Sam
Bernstein and Larry Company. Petition for writ of certiorari to
the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit
denied.
No. 284. Easthom-Melvin Company, a corporation, et al., peti-
tioners, v. John M. Hoffman, Trading as Hoffman Electric Com-
pany, et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States.
Circuit Court of Appeals for the Seventh Circuit denied.
No. 285. Blue Valley Creamery Company, petitioner, v. Con-
solidated Products Company. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Eighth Circuit denied.
No. 288. George G. Wislar, petitioner, v. The United States. Peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Customs
and Patent Appeals denied.
No. 289. Harvey S. Adams, as Receiver, etc., et al., petitioners, v.
Thomas C. Eastman et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
Supreme Court of the State of New York denied.
No. 290. Humboldt Lovelock Irrigation, Light & Power Company,
petitioner, v. The United States of America et al. Petition for writ
of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the
Ninth Circuit denied.
No. 292. Jacob Ruppert, a corporation, petitioner, v. The United
States. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Claims denied.

MONDAY, OCTOBER 10, 1938
28
No. 293. George L. Shelton et al., petitioners, v. Marion H. Allen,
Individually, etc. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United
States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 296. In the matter of Morris Pierce Paley, petitioner. Petition
for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of the State of New
York denied.
No. 297. The United States of America, petitioner, v. Utah-Idaho
Sugar Company. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States,
Circuit Court of Appeals for the Tenth Circuit denied.
No. 298. Kate Moores Graffis et al., petitioners, v. Honorable
Charles E. Woodward, United States District Judge, et al. Petition
for writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals
for the Seventh Circuit denied.
No. 299. American Surety Company of New York, petitioner, v.
Oren S. Hack, as Receiver, etc.; and
No. 300. Oren S. Hack, as Receiver, etc., petitioner, v. American
Surety Company of New York. Petitions for writs of certiorari to
the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Seventh Circuit
denied.
No. 305. The Kroger Grocery Company et al., petitioners, v.
James W. Martin and Ben Marshall, Individually, etc. Petition for
writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for
the Sixth Circuit denied.
No. 319. Henry B. DuPont, petitioner, v. Commissioner of Inter-
nal Revenue. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Cir-
cuit Court of Appeals for the Third Circuit denied.
-
No. original, October Term, 1937. Ex parte Florence F. Greaves
Stone, petitioner. The motion for reconsideration of the motion for
leave to file petition for writ of mandamus is denied.
No. 183, October Term, 1936. William S. Hicks, petitioner, v. The
Mutual Life Insurance Company of New York. The motion for leave
to file petition for rehearing is denied.
No. 18, original, October Term, 1937. Ex parte Paysoff Tinkoff,
petitioner. The motion for leave to amend the record is denied. The
petition for rehearing is denied.
No. 22, original, October Term, 1937. Ex parte Harry M. Blair
et al., petitioners;
No. 1021, October Term, 1937. Harry M. Blair et al., petitioners, v.
George W. McClintic, Judge of the District Court of the United
States, etc.;
No. 215, October Term, 1937. The Tax Commission of Ohio, peti-
tioner, v. Rollin A. Wilbur et al.;
99087-38-5

MONDAY, OCTOBER 10, 1938
29
No. 300, October Term, 1937. The St. Louis, Brownsville & Mex-
ico Railway Company et al., petitioners, v. Brownsville Navigation
District of Cameron County, Texas, et al.;
No. 437. October Term 1937. M. C. Hinderlider, as State Engi-
neer of the State of Colorado, et al., appellants, v. The La Plata
River and Cherry Creek Ditch Company;
No. 715. October Term 1937. James M. Wright, petitioner, v.
Union Central Life Insurance Company;
No. 716. October Term 1937. James M. Wright, petitioner, v.
Union Central Life Insurance Company;
No. 723. October Term 1937. Guy T. Helvering, Commissioner of
Internal Revenue, petitioner, v. National Grocery Company;
No. 779. October Term 1937. Guy T. Helvering, Commissioner of
Internal Revenue, petitioner, v. Philip L. Gerhardt;
No. 780. October Term 1937. Guy T. Helvering, Commissioner of
Internal Revenue, petitioner, v. Billings Wilson;
No. 781. October Term 1937. Guy T. Helvering, Commissioner of
Internal Revenue, petitioner, v. John J. Mulcahy;
No. 948. October Term 1937. Frank Ned, alleged incompetent, etc.,
et al., appellants, v. S. P. Robinson;
No. 971. October Term 1937. James L. McDonald, petitioner, v.
The United States of America;
No. 996. October Term 1937. John M. Hughes, appellants, v.
Wisconsin Tax Commission et al.;
No. 997. October Term 1937. John P. Dromey, Administrator, etc.,
appellant, v. Wisconsin Tax Commission et al.;
No. 1007. October Term 1937. United States ex rel. Iver Schmidt
et al., petitioners, v. Charles W. Miles, United States Marshal;
No. 1015. October Term 1937. D. V. Johnson, doing business, etc.,
petitioner, v. Ingleheart Brothers, Inc.;
No. 1022. October Term 1937. Charlotte Morehead et al., peti-
tioners, v. The Central Trust Company of Cincinnati, as Executors,
etc.;
No. 1024. October Term 1937. Morris Meyers, petitioner, v. The
United States of America;
No. 1049. October Term 1937. A. K. Fowler, Administrator, etc.,
et al., petitioners, v. Russell B. Seymour, Trustee, etc.; and
No. 1064, October Term, 1937. Pierce Lonergan, petitioner, v. The
United States of America. Petitions for rehearing denied.
No. 22. The United States of America, petitioner, v. Continental
National Bank and Trust Company, Trustee, etc., et al. Motion for
substitution submitted by Mr. Solicitor General Jackson for the
petitioner.

Х
MONDAY, OCTOBER 10, 1938
30
No. 22. The United States of America, petitioner, v. Continental
National Bank and Trust Company, etc., et al. Motion to dismiss
writ of certiorari as to Continental National Bank and Trust Com-
pany submitted by Mr. Preston B. Kavanagh in behalf of counsel
for the Continental National Bank and Trust Company.
No., original. Ex parte Thomas J. Mooney, petitioner. Motion
for leave to file petition for writ of habeas corpus submitted by
Mr. John F. Finerty for the petitioner with leave to file a brief in
support thereof within twenty days.
No., original. Ex parte: Andrew G. Turcke, petitioner. Mo-
tion for leave to file petition for writ of mandamus submitted by
Mr. Albert H. Fry for the petitioner.
No. 27. The Tennessee Electric Power Company et al., appellants,
v. Tennessee Valley Authority et al. Appeal dismissed as to appel-
lant, Kentucky-Tennessee Light and Power Company, on motion
and stipulation signed by counsel for all appellants and the Govern-
ment.
No. 2. Kellogg Company, petitioner, v. National Biscuit Company;
and
No. 56. Kellogg Company, petitioner, v. National Biscuit Company.
Argued by Mr. Thomas D. Thacher for the petitioner and by Mr.
David A. Reed for the respondent.
No. 7. Rolla W. Coleman et al., petitioners, v. Clarence W. Miller,
as Secretary of the Senate of the State of Kansas, et al. Argu-
ment commenced by Mr. Robert Stone for the petitioners; continued
by Mr. Clarence V. Beck and Mr. E. R. Sloan for the respondents;
by Mr. Rolla W. Coleman for the petitioners; and concluded by Mr.
Robert Stone for the petitioners.
No. 14. Albert Benjamin Chandler, Individually, etc., et al., peti-
tioners, v. James W. Wise et al. Argument commenced by Mr.
J W Jones for the petitioners and continued by Mr. Solicitor Gen-
eral Jackson for the United States as amicus curiae, by special leave
of Court.
Adjourned until tomorrow at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Tuesday, October 11, will be as follows: Nos. 14, 8,
9, 10, 11, 12, 13, 15 (and 17), 16, and 18.

TUESDAY, OCTOBER 11, 1938
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: The Chief Justice, Mr. Justice McReynolds, Mr. Justice
Brandeis, Mr. Justice Butler, Mr. Justice Stone, Mr. Justice Roberts,
Mr. Justice Black, and Mr. Justice Reed.
W. I. Gilbert, Jr., of Los Angeles, Calif.; Don Marlin, of Los
Angeles, Calif.; John Ernest Roe, of Madison, Wis.; Wilder Goodwin,
of New York City; Arthur Lufkin Mundo, of San Diego, Calif.;
George O. Knutson, of Cocoa, Fla.; Raymond G. Brown, of Columbus,
Ohio; Frank L. Hays, of Denver, Colo.; and Lowell L. Martin, of
Lafayette, Ind., were admitted to practice.
No. 7. Rolla W. Coleman, W. A. Barron, et al., petitioners, v.
Clarence W. Miller, as Secretary of the Senate of the State of Kansas,
et al. Leave granted petitioners to file reply brief by Friday next on
motion of Mr. Robert Stone for the petitioners.
No. 14. Albert Benjamin Chandler, Individually, etc., et al., peti-
tioners, v. James W. Wise and Ray B. Moss. Argument continued by
Mr. Solicitor General Jackson for the United States as amicus curiae,
by special leave of Court; by Mr. Lafon Allen for the respondents;
and concluded by Mr. J. W. Jones for the petitioners.
No. 8. Great Northern Railway Company and George Pappas,
petitioners, v. George Leonidas. Argued by Mr. William L. Clift for
the petitioners and by Mr. Hugh R. Adair for the respondent.
No. 9. Guaranty Trust Company of New York, Executor, etc., peti-
tioner, v. Commonwealth of Virginia. Argument commenced by Mr.
James R. Caskie for the petitioner and continued by Mr. Abram P.
Staples for the respondent and by Mr. James R. Caskie for the
petitioner.
Adjourned until tomorrow at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Wednesday, October 12, will be as follows: Nos.
9, 10, 11, 12, 13, 15 (and 17), 16, 18, 19 (and 25), and 20.
99087-38-
-6
Х
31

WEDNESDAY, OCTOBER 12, 1938
32
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: The Chief Justice, Mr. Justice McReynolds, Mr. Justice
Brandeis, Mr. Justice Butler, Mr. Justice Stone, Mr. Justice Roberts,
Mr. Justice Black, and Mr. Justice Reed.
Frank L. Martin, Jr., of Los Angeles, Calif.; Robert J. Fluskey,
of New York City; and Olen Henderson, of Knoxville, Tenn., were
admitted to practice.
No. -, original. Ex parte The Century Indemnity Company, a
corporation, petitioner. Motion for leave to file petition for writ of
mandamus submitted by Mr. Charles W. Arth in behalf of counsel
for the petitioner.
No. 9. Guaranty Trust Company of New York, Executor, etc.,
petitioner, v. Commonwealth of Virginia. Argument concluded by
Mr. James R. Caskie for the petitioner.
No. 10. The United States of America, petitioner, v. One 1936
Model Ford V-8 De Luxe Coach, etc. Argued by Mr. Gordon Dean
for the petitioner and by Mr. Eugene E. Heaton and Mr. Duane R.
Dills for the respondent.
No. 11. Guy T. Helvering, Commissioner of Internal Revenue,
petitioner, v. Robert C. Winmill. Argued by Mr. Arnold Raum for
the petitioner and by Mr. Thomas M. Wilkins for the respondent.
No. 12. D. F. Stahmann, Anna M. Stahmann, et al., etc., petitioners,
v. S. P. Vidal, Collector of Internal Revenue, etc. Argument com-
menced by Mr. Thornton Hardie for the petitioners and continued by
Mr. Assistant Solicitor General Bell for the respondent.
Adjourned until tomorrow at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Thursday, October 13, will be as follows: Nos.
12, 13, 15 (and 17), 16, 18, 19 (and 25), 20, 21, 22, and 24.
Х
99087-38-7

THURSDAY, OCTOBER 13, 1938
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
33
Present: The Chief Justice, Mr. Justice McReynolds, Mr. Justice
Brandeis, Mr. Justice Butler, Mr. Justice Stone, Mr. Justice Roberts,
Mr. Justice Black, and Mr. Justice Reed.
Carl S. McCarthy, of Washington, D. C.; Millsaps Fitzhugh, of
Memphis, Tenn.; Edward J. Svoboda, of Omaha, Nebr.; Julius J.
Wuerthner, of Great Falls, Mont.; Charles B. Ellard, of Dallas,
Texas; and Frederic R. Kennedy, of New York City, were admitted
to practice.
No. 12. D. F. Stahmann, Anna M. Stahmann, et al., etc., petitioners,
v. S. P. Vidal, Collector of Internal Revenue, etc. Argument con-
tinued by Mr. Assistant Solicitor General Bell for the respondent and
concluded by Mr. Thornton Hardie for the petitioners.
No. 13. Earle S. Welch, appellant, v. Robert K. Henry and Solomon
Levitan, State Treasurer of the State of Wisconsin. Argued by Mr.
John M. Campbell for the appellant and by Mr. Leo E. Vaudreuil
and Mr. Harold H. Persons for the appellees.
No. 15. Waialua Agricultural Company, Limited, petitioner, v.
Eliza R. P. Christian, an incompetent person, etc., et al.; and
No. 17. Eliza H. P. Christian, an incompetent person, etc., peti-
tioner, v. Waialua Agricultural Company, Limited. Argument com-
menced by Mr. M. C. Sloss for Christian et al. and continued by Mr.
Herman Phleger for the Waialua Agricultural Company, Limited.
Adjourned until tomorrow at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Friday, October 14, will be as follows: Nos. 15
(and 17), 16, 18, 20, 19 (and 25), 21, 22, 24, 26, and 28.
☑
99087-38-8

FRIDAY, OCTOBER 14, 1938
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
34
Present: The Chief Justice, Mr. Justice McReynolds, Mr. Justice
Brandeis, Mr. Justice Butler, Mr. Justice Stone, Mr. Justice Roberts,
Mr. Justice Black, and Mr. Justice Reed.
Thos. C. Hoyle, Jr., of Greensboro, N. C., and Herman Clymer
Wilson, of Greensboro, N. C., were admitted to practice.
No. 15. Waialua Agricultural Company, Limited, petitioner, v.
Eliza R. P. Christian, and incompetent person etc., et al.; and
No. 17. Eliza H. P. Christian, and incompetent person, etc., peti-
tioner, v. Waialua Agricultural Company, Limited. Argument con-
cluded by Mr. M. C. Sloss for Christian et al.
No. 16. Mark O. Davis, petitioner, v. Maude E. Davis. Argued
by Mr. Joseph T. Sherier for the petitioner and by Mr. Crandal
Mackey for the respondent.
No. 18. James E. Davidson, petitioner, v. Commissioner of Internal
Revenue. Argued by Mr. Edward J. Svoboda for the petitioner and
by Mr. Edward J. Ennis for the respondent.
No. 20. J. O. Stoll, petitioner, v. William Gottlieb. Argued by
Mr. Albert W. Froehde for the petitioner and case submitted by
Mr. David J. Shipman for the respondent.
No. 19. Consolidated Edison Company of New York, Inc., etc., et al.,
petitioners, v. National Labor Relations Board et al.; and
No. 25. International Brotherhood of Electrical Workers et al.,
petitioners, v. National Labor Relations Board et al. Five hours
allowed for oral argument. Argument commenced by Mr. William
L. Ransom for the petitioners in No. 19.
Adjourned until Monday next at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Monday, October 17, will be as follows: Nos. 19
(and 25), 21, 3 (4 and 5), 22, 24, 26, 28, 1, 29, and 30.
Х
1
99087-38- -9

MONDAY, OCTOBER 17, 1938
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
35
Present: The Chief Justice, Mr. Justice McReynolds, Mr. Justice
Brandeis, Mr. Justice Butler, Mr. Justice Stone, Mr. Justice Roberts,
Mr. Justice Black, and Mr. Justice Reed.
Louis Mead Treadwell, of New York City; E. Glenn Grimes, of
Bradenton, Fla.; Joseph Weintraub, of Miami, Fla.; Ralph E. Car-
hart, of Marion, Ohio; Alvin A. Kurtz, of Salem, Oreg.; Henry Graff,
of Bradford, Pa.; Peery Price, of Los Angeles, Calif.; Vernon A.
Bettin, of Los Angeles, Calif.; Nell Denson McQuillan, of Birming-
ham, Ala.; Sidney S. Hoehl, of Miami, Fla.; John William Watson,,
Jr., of Miami, Fla.; James M. Lee, of Tallahassee, Fla.; Wilson E.
Griffiths, of Pittsburgh, Pa.; Herbert H. Hawkins, of Pittsburgh, Pa.;
Rogelio Fernandez-Garzot, of Naguabo, P. R.; W. O. Reed, of Dallas,
Tex.; and George C. Dyer, of St. Louis, Mo., were admitted to practice.
The Chief Justice said:
"The orders of the Court appear upon the list certified by the Chief
Justice and filed with the Clerk and will not be announced orally."
No. 10. The United States of America, petitioner, v. One 1936
Model Ford V-8 De Luxe Coach, etc. On writ of certiorari to the
United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Fourth Circuit. Per
curiam: The judgment is affirmed by an equally divided Court. Mr.
Justice Butler and Mr. Justice Stone took no part in the consideration.
or decision of this case.
No. 368. The City of Los Angeles and Ray L. Chesebro, appellants,
v. Los Angeles County Flood Control District et al. Appeal from
the Supreme Court of the State of California. The motion to dismiss
the appeal is granted as to the City of Los Angeles, and as to it the
appeal is dismissed for the want of a substantial Federal question..
Pawhuska v. Pawhuska Oil & Gas Co., 250 U. S. 394; Trenton v. New
Jersey, 262 U. S. 182; Williams v. Mayor, 289 U. S. 36, 40; South Bend
v. DeHaven, 302 U. S. 644. As to the remaining appellant, further
consideration of the question of the jurisdiction of this Court and of
the motion to dismiss or affirm is postponed to the merits.
No., original. Ex parte Andrew G. Turcke, petitioner. The
motion for leave to file petition for writ of mandamus is denied.
99087-38-10

No.
-
MONDAY, OCTOBER 17, 1938
36
- original. Ex parte Century Indemnity Company, peti-
tioner. A rule is ordered to issue, returnable within 30 days, requir-
ing the respondents to show cause why leave to file the petition for writ
of mandamus should not be granted.
-
No. , original. Ex parte Daisy C. Tegtmeyer, petitioner. The
motion for leave to file petition for writ of habeas corpus is denied.
No. 1, original, October Term 1937. The State of Georgia, com-
plainant, v. The Tennessee Copper Company. The rule to show cause
issued against the Ducktown Chemical & Iron Company is discharged.
It is ordered that costs in this cause since April 3, 1916, be taxed
against the defendant, Tennessee Copper Company.
No. 359. Hugh Allen Bowen, petitioner, v. James A. Johnston,
Warden, etc. It is ordered that Seth W. Richardson, Esq., of Wash-
ington, D. C., a member of the bar of this Court, be appointed to
serve as counsel for the petitioner in this case.
No. 393. Ellen Wall and Ellen Wall, as Administratrix, etc., peti-
tioner, v. The United States of America. On petition for writ of
certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the
Tenth Circuit;
No. 66. Minnie Gertrude Freeman Ferris Rhodes, petitioner, v.
Paul G. Rhodes. On petition for writ of certiorari to the United
States Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia;
No. 128. Rhuel James Dalhover, petitioner, v. The United States
of America. On petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Circuit Court of Appeals for the Seventh Circuit; and
No. 147. Wilfred Jones, petitioner, v. The United States of
America. On petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Circuit Court of Appeals for the Eighth Circuit. The motions for
leave to proceed further herein in forma pauperis are denied for
the reason that the Court, upon examination of the papers herein
submitted, finds no ground upon which writs of certiorari should be
issued. The petitions for writs of certiorari are therefore also denied.
No. 142. Hugh Pierre, petitioner, v. State of Louisiana. On peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of the State of
Louisiana; and
No. 249. Benjamin F. Goodman, petitioner, v. The United States
of America. On petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Circuit Court of Appeals for the Third Circuit. The motions for
leave to proceed in forma pauperis are granted. The petitions for
writs of certiorari are also granted.
No. 367. Frank Eichholz, appellant, v. Public Service Commission
of the State of Missouri et al. Further consideration of the question
of the jurisdiction of this Court and of the motion to dismiss in this
case is postponed to the hearing of the case on the merits.

MONDAY, OCTOBER 17, 1938
37
No. 314. Wichita Royalty Company et al., petitioners, v. City
National Bank of Wichita Falls et al. Petition for writ of certiorari
to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit
granted.
No. 330. Eugene Kessler, District Director of Immigration and
Naturalization, petitioner, v. Joseph George Strecker. Petition for
writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the
Fifth Circuit granted.
No. 342. Frank O. Lowden et al., Trustees, etc., petitioners, v.
Simonds-Shields-Lonsdale Grain Company. Petition for writ of cer-
tiorari to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Eighth
Circuit granted.
No. 328. Guy T. Helvering, Commissioner of Internal Revenue,
petitioner, v. R. J. Reynolds Tobacco Company. Petition for writ of
certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Fourth
Circuit granted. Mr. Justice Stone took no part in the consideration
and decision of this application.
No. 306. Consolidated Automatic Merchandising Corporation et
al., petitioners, v. The United States of America. Petition for writ
of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the
Second Circuit denied.
No. 307. The Automatic Toy Corporation, petitioner, v. Buddy "L"
Mfg. Co., Inc., et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United
States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit denied.
No. 313. William S. Hart and Mary Hart, co-partners, etc., peti-
tioners, v. United Artists Corporation. Petition for writ of certiorari
to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit
denied.
No. 315. Victor House, petitioner, v. Commissioner of Internal
Revenue. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit
Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit denied.
No. 322. Celite Corporation, petitioner, v. The Decalite Company.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of
Appeals for the Ninth Circuit denied.
No. 323. Biddle Purchasing Company et al., petitioners, v. Federal
Trade Commission. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Circuit Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit denied.
No. 331. Hartford Fire Insurance Company, petitioner, v. Palace
Cafe, Incorporated;
No. 332. National Security Fire Insurance Company, petitioner, v.
Palace Cafe, Incorporated. Petition for writs of certiorari to the
United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Seventh Circuit
denied.

,
MONDAY, OCTOBER 17, 1938
38
No. 333. Raymond Schmitt, Administrator, etc., petitioner, v.
Edward G. Platt. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Circuit Court of Appeals for the Eighth Circuit denied.
No. 334. Percival D. Lowell et al., petitioners, v. A. G. Triplett
et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court
of Appeals for the Fourth Circuit denied.
No. 335. Raffold Process Corporation, petitioner, v. Castanea
Paper Company, Inc. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United
States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Third Circuit denied.
No. 336. William Hale Thompson, petitioner, v. Otto Kerner, as
Attorney General of the State of Illinois. Petition for writ of certi-
orari to the Appellate Court, 1st District, State of Illinois, denied.
No. 337. Lancashire Shipping Company, Ltd., petitioner, v. Harry
M. Durning, Collector of Customs, etc. Petition for writ of certi-
orari to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Second
Circuit denied.
No. 341. Masonite Corporation, petitioner, v. Securities and Ex-
change Commission. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United
States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Seventh Circuit denied.
No. 345. State Line & Sullivan Railroad Company, petitioner, v.
David W. Phillips, Collector of Internal Revenue. Petition for writ
of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the
Third Circuit denied.
No. 346. William P. Deppe, petitioner, v. United States Board of
Tax Appeals et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United
States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit denied.
No. 351. State of Mississippi, for the use of Millard Smith, a minor,
et al., petitioners, v. J. W. Brabham, Sheriff, et al. Petition for writ
of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the
Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 354. The New York, Chicago and St. Louis Railroad Company,
petitioner, v. Jennie May Haynes, Widow, etc. Petition for writ of
certiorari to the Circuit Court of Madison County, State of Illinois,
denied.
No. 356. Edward F. O'Brien, petitioner, v. The First National
Bank of Chicago, as Trustee, etc. Petition for writ of certiorari to
the Appellate Court, 1st District, State of Illinois, denied.
No. 68. Date R. Alexander, petitioner, v. The United States;
No. 69. Ali Y. Debeh, petitioner, v. The United States of America;
No. 70. George M. Lindsay, petitioner, v. The United States of
America; and

MONDAY, OCTOBER 17, 1938
39
No. 71. George M. Lindsay, Jr., petitioner, v. The United States
of America. Petition for writs of certiorari to the United States
Circuit Court of Appeals for the Eighth Circuit denied.
No. 671, October Term 1937. Catherine Schultz, petitioner, v. Live
Stock National Bank of Chicago, Administrator, etc. Motion for
leave to file a third petition for rehearing denied.
ORDER
The Court will take a recess from Monday, October 24, to Monday,
November 7, next.
No. 277. Orland S. Loomis, Individually, etc., et al., petitioners, v.
First Federal Savings and Loan Association. Petition to intervene
submitted by Mr. Solicitor General Jackson for the United States.
No. 28. Dan B. Shields, individually, etc., et al., petitioners, v. The
Utah Idaho Central Railroad Company. Motion of the American
Transit Association for leave to appear and present oral argument
as amicus curiae submitted by Mr. Robert E. Quirk in that behalf
and the motion denied.
No. 19. Consolidated Edison Company of New York, Inc., et al.,
petitioners, v. National Labor Relations Board et al.; and
No. 25. International Brotherhood of Electrical Workers et al.,
petitioners, v. National Labor Relations Board et al. Argument con-
tinued by Mr. Charles Fahy for the respondent, National Labor Rela-
tions Board in No. 19; by Mr. Isaac Lobe Straus and Mr. Joseph A.
Padway for the petitioners in No. 25; by Mr. Louis B. Boudin for the
respondent (intervenor), United Electrical and Radio Workers of
America; by Mr. Charles Fahy for the respondent, National Labor
Relations Board in No. 25; by Mr. Isaac Lobe Straus for the peti-
tioners in No. 25; and concluded by Mr. William L. Ransom for the
petitioners in No. 19.
Adjourned until tomorrow at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Tuesday, October 18, will be as follows: Nos. 21,
3 (4 and 5), 24, 26, 28, 1, 29, 30, 31, and 48.
☑

TUESDAY, OCTOBER 18, 1938
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
40
Present: The Chief Justice, Mr. Justice McReynolds, Mr. Justice
Brandeis, Mr. Justice Butler, Mr. Justice Stone, Mr. Justice Roberts,
Mr. Justice Black, and Mr. Justice Reed.
Isadore Roman, of Baltimore, Md.; Sigmud Levin, of Baltimore,
Md.; George E. Arthur, of Chicago, Ill.; J. Edwin Coates, of Wash-
ington, D. C.; Milford A. Juten, of Washington, D. C.; Homer Jack
Fisher, of Dallas, Tex.; W. B. Handley, of Dallas, Tex.; John L.
Graham, of Tallahassee, Fla.; Francis K. Young, of Detroit, Mich.;
Fred A. Ontjes, of Mason City, Iowa; Lee R. Schermerhorn, of
Washington, D. C.; and Horace Monroe Baxter, of Boston, Mass.,
were admitted to practice.
No. 21. Wm. H. Neblett, Vernon Bettin, et al., petitioners, v.
Samuel L. Carpenter, Jr., Insurance Commissioner of the State of
California, et al. Argued by Mr. William H. Neblett for the peti-
tioners and by Mr. William Marshall Bullitt and Miss Hester W.
Webb for the respondents.
No. 3. The Schriber-Schroth Company, petitioner, v. The Cleveland
Trust Company, Chrysler Corporation;
No. 4. The Aberdeen Motor Supply Company, petitioner, v. The
Cleveland Trust Company, Chrysler Corporation; and
No. 5. The F. E. Rowe Sales Company, petitioner, v. The Cleve-
land Trust Company, Chrysler Corporation. Argument commenced
by Mr. Thomas G. Haight for the petitioners and continued by Mr.
Arthur C. Denison for the respondent.
Adjourned until tomorrow at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Wednesday, October 19, will be as follows: Nos.
3 (4 and 5), 24, 26, 28, 1, 29, 30, 31, 48, and 49.
99087-38-11

WEDNESDAY, OCTOBER 19, 1938
41
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: The Chief Justice, Mr. Justice McReynolds, Mr. Justice
Brandeis, Mr. Justice Butler, Mr. Justice Stone, Mr. Justice Roberts,
Mr. Justice Black, and Mr. Justice Reed.
Harry E. Smoyer, of Cleveland, Ohio; Louis D. Fletcher, of Scars-
dale, N. Y.; Neil R. Olmstead, of Ogden, Utah; Donald J. Overocker,
of Thornwood, N. Y.; Floyd H. Crews, of New York City; and John
W. Melville, of Cincinnati, Ohio, were admitted to practice.
No. 3. The Schriber-Schroth Company, petitioner, v. The Cleve-
land Trust Company, Chrysler Corporation;
No. 4. The Aberdeen Motor Supply Company, petitioner, v. The
Cleveland Trust Company, Chrysler Corporation; and
No. 5. The F. E. Rowe Sales Company, petitioner, v. The Cleve-
land Trust Company, Chrysler Corporation. Argument continued
by Mr. F. O. Richey for the respondents and concluded by Mr.
John H. Bruninga for the petitioners.
No. 24. Frank T. Hines, Administrator of Veterans' Affairs, etc.,
petitioner, v. James J. Lowrey, Committee, etc. Argued by Mr.
Edward E. Odom for the petitioner and by Mr. William Dike Reed
for the respondent.
No. 26. Texas Consolidated Theatres, Inc., petitioner, v. S. H.
Pittman. Submitted on the statement filed by Mr. W. B. Handley
for the petitioner. No appearance for the respondent.
No. 28. Dan B. Shields, Individually and as United States At-
torney for the District of Utah, et al., petitioners, v. The Utah Idaho
Central Railroad Company. Argument commenced by Mr. Solicitor
General Jackson for the petitioners; continued by Mr. J. A. Howell
and Mr. Robert E. Quirk for the respondent; and concluded by Mr.
Solicitor General Jackson for the petitioners.
No. 1. General Talking Pictures Corporation, petitioner, v. West-
ern Electric Company, Inc., et al. Reargument commenced by Mr.
Samuel E. Darby, Jr., for the petitioner.
Adjourned until tomorrow at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Thursday, October 20, will be as follows: Nos. 1,
29, 221, 30, 31, and 48.
99087-38-12

THURSDAY, OCTOBER 20, 1938
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
42
Present: The Chief Justice, Mr. Justice McReynolds, Mr. Justice
Brandeis, Mr. Justice Butler, Mr. Justice Stone, Mr. Justice Roberts,
Mr. Justice Black, and Mr. Justice Reed.
Edmund C. Rogers, of St. Louis, Mo.; Raymond V. Haun, of Los
Angeles, Calif.; Jerome R. Epstein, of Elizabeth, N. J.; Wm. A.
Leonard, of Columbus, Ga.; and Guillermo Silva Silva, of San Juan,
P. R., were admitted to practice.
No. 1. General Talking Pictures Corporation, petitioner, v. West-
ern Electric Company, Inc., et al. Reargument continued by Mr.
Samuel E. Darby, Jr., for the petitioner; by Mr. Merrell E. Clark for
the respondents; and concluded by Mr. Ephraim Berliner for the
petitioner.
No. 29. The Polk Company, Bruce's Juices, Inc., et al., appellants,
v. Manuel M. Glover, as County Solicitor of Polk County, Florida.
Argument commenced by Mr. H. Thomas Austern for the appellants;
continued by Mr. John B. Sutton for the appellants; by Mr. William
C. Pierce and Mr. John L. Graham for the appellees; and concluded
by Mr. H. Thomas Austern for the appellants.
No. 221. The United States of America et al., appellants, v. F. O.
Morgan, Doing business as F. O. Morgan Sheep Commission Com-
pany, et al. Argument commenced by Mr. Solicitor General Jackson
for the appellants.
Adjourned until tomorrow at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Friday, October 21, will be as follows: Nos. 221,
30, and 31.
☑
99087-38-13

FRIDAY, OCTOBER 21, 1938
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
43
Present: The Chief Justice, Mr. Justice McReynolds, Mr. Justice
Brandeis, Mr. Justice Butler, Mr. Justice Stone, Mr. Justice Roberts,
Mr. Justice Black, and Mr. Justice Reed.
Louise B. Hart, of Columbus, Ga.; George C. Klauder, of Phila-
delphia, Pa.; Samuel Kagle, of Philadelphia, Pa.; George Greene,
of Boston, Mass.; Louis Razin, of Boston, Mass.; and Jack A. Schley,
of Dallas, Tex., were admitted to practice.
No. 221. The United States of America and The Secretary of
Agriculture, appellants, v. F. O. Morgan, doing business as F. O.
Morgan Sheep Commission Company, et al. Argument continued
by Mr. Solicitor General Jackson for the appellants and concluded
by Mr. Frederick H. Wood for the appellees.
No. 30. The Colorado National Bank of Denver et al., petitioners,
v. Commissioner of Internal Revenue. Argued by Mr. Morrison
Shafroth for the petitioners and by Mr. Carlton Fox for the
respondent.
No. 31. The Sovereign Camp of the Woodmen of the World, peti-
tioner, v. William F. Bolin, Edward E. Bolin, et al. Argued by
Mr. John T. Harding for the petitioner and by Mr. Miles Elliott
for the respondents.
Adjourned until Monday, October 24 next, at 12 o'clock.
99087-38--14

MONDAY, OCTOBER 24, 1938
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
44
Present: The Chief Justice, Mr. Justice Brandeis, Mr. Justice
Butler, Mr. Justice Stone, Mr. Justice Roberts, Mr. Justice Black,
and Mr. Justice Reed.
Benjamin George Wilkinson, Jr., of Washington, D. C.; William
P. Evans, of Indianapolis, Ind.; M. Ben Brooks, of Kaufman, Tex.;
Joshua S. Koenigsberg, of New York City; Curtis T. Youngblood,
of Ashdown, Ark.; Frederick E. Bauer, of Washington, D. C.; Al-
fred Kamin, of Chicago, Ill.; John W. Hoffman, Jr., of Kansas
City, Mo.; George W. Irving, of Cleveland, Ohio; M. C. Martin, of
Austin, Tex.; Maurice G. Alexander, of Birmingham, Ala.; Joe
Sharp, of Austin, Tex.; and O. A. Cargill, Jr., of Oklahoma City,
Okla., were admitted to practice.
The Chief Justice said:
"The orders of the Court appear upon the list certified by the
Chief Justice and filed with the Clerk and will not be announced
orally.
No. 374. Ernest Newton Kalb, appellant, v. Roscoe R. Luce et al.;
and
No. 375. Ernest Newton Kalb et al., appellants, v. Henry Feuer-
stein et al. Appeals from the Supreme Court of the State of Wis-
consin. Per curiam: The appeals herein are dismissed for the want
of final judgments. Missouri Ry. Co. v. Olathe, 222 U. S. 185;
O'Mara v. Crampton, 267 U. S. 575; Manassas Park, Inc., v. Robert-
son, 274 U. S. 716; American Bakeries Co. v. Huntsville, 299 U. S.
514.
No., original. Ex parte Louise Dean Moyer, petitioner. The
motion for leave to file petition for writ of mandamus is denied.
No. -, original. Ex parte Taylor Seals, petitioner. The motion
for leave to file petition for writ of habeas corpus is denied.
No. 277. Orland S. Loomis, Individually, etc., et al., petitioners,
v. First Federal Savings and Loan Association. The motion of the
United States for leave to intervene is granted.
No. 411. Elbert B. Lindsey and E. R. Lindsey, petitioners, v. State
of Washington. On petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme
Court of the State of Washington;
99087-38--15

MONDAY, OCTOBER 24, 1938
45
No. 379. Mrs. Joyce Mae Scarborough et al., petitioners, v. C. R.
Long and Joseph Frietag. On petition for writ of certiorari to the
Supreme Court of the State of Georgia; and
No. 402. Harry J. Tompkins, petitioner, v. Erie Railroad Com-
pany. On petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Cir-
cuit Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit. The motions for leave
to proceed further herein in forma pauperis are denied for the reason
that the Court, upon examination of the papers herein submitted,
finds no ground upon which writs of certiorari should be issued.
The petitions for writs of certiorari are therefore also denied.
No. 360. The United States of America, petitioner, v. Charles F.
Towery, in his own right, etc. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Seventh Circuit
granted.
No. 364. Keifer and Keifer, a co-partnership, etc., petitioner, v.
Reconstruction Finance Corporation et al. Petition for writ of cer-
tiorari to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Eighth
Circuit granted, limited to the first question presented in the petition.
No. 380. The Great Atlantic & Pacific Tea Company, petitioner, v.
State of Louisiana. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme
Court of the State of Louisiana denied for the reason that the judg-
ment sought herein to be reviewed is based upon a non-federal ground
adequate to support it.
No. 321. Ingram Day Lumber Company, petitioner, v. The United
States. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Claims denied.
No. 343. Samuel Pancoe, petitioner, v. J. H. Southman, Permanent
Trustee, etc., et al.; and
No. 344. Samuel Pancoe, petitioner, v. J. H. Southman, Permanent
Trustee, etc., et al. Petition for writs of certiorari to the United
States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Seventh Circuit denied.
No. 347. Guy T. Helvering, Commissioner of Internal Revenue,
petitioner, v. Eugene W. Waterbury;
No. 348. Guy T. Helvering, Commissioner of Internal Revenue,
petitioner, v. Donald N. Waterbury;
No. 349. Guy T. Helvering, Commissioner of Internal Revenue, pe-
titioner, v. Charlotte M. Waterbury; and
No. 350. Guy T. Helvering, Commissioner of Internal Revenue,
petitioner, v. Whitford N. Waterbury. Petition for writs of cer-
tiorari to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Second
Circuit denied.
No. 355. N. L. Lawrence, petitioner, v. State of North Carolina.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of the State of
North Carolina denied.

MONDAY, OCTOBER 24, 1938
46
No. 357. Guy A. Thompson, Trustee, etc., petitioner, v. Linnie R.
Stott, Administratix, etc. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
Appellate Court, 4th District, State of Illinois denied.
No. 358. Annette Strauss, as Special Administratrix, etc., et al.,
petitioners, v. Commissioner of Internal Revenue. Petition for writ
of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the
Ninth Circuit denied.
No. 361. Mrs. Jennie E. Tate, petitioner, v. Commissioner of In-
ternal Revenue; and
No. 362. Jennie E. Tate, Executrix, etc., petitioner, v. Commis-
sioner of Internal Revenue. Petition for writs of certiorari to the
United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Eighth Circuit
denied.
No. 363. International Company of St. Louis, petitioner, v.
Occidental Life Insurance Company. Petition for writ of certiorari
to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Eighth Circuit
denied.
No. 366. Mac Caldwell, by next friend, Mrs. Bessie Caldwell,
petitioner, v. Standard Accident Insurance Company. Petition for
writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for
the Sixth Circuit denied.
No. 369. Mortgage Guarantee Company, petitioner, v. Herbert V.
Apartments Corporation. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Third Circuit denied.
No. 372. Staley Elevator Co., Inc., et al., petitioners, v. Otis Ele-
vator Company. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Circuit Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit denied.
No. 378. American Glycerin Company, petitioner, v. Eason Oil
Company, et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Circuit Court of Appeals for the Tenth Circuit denied.
No. 397. New York Life Insurance Company, petitioner, v. Clar-
ence G. Jackson et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United
States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Seventh Circuit denied.
No., original. Commonwealth of Massachusetts, complainant, v.
State of Missouri. Motion for leave to file bill of complaint sub-
mitted by Mr. Paul A. Dever and Mr. Edward O. Proctor for the
complainant.
No. 151. Sam J. Boller, appellant, v. The State of Kansas. Motion
to reinstate appeal submitted by counsel for the appellant.

MONDAY, OCTOBER 24, 1938
47
No. 188. Edward H. Titus, petitioner, v. Lou C. Wallick. Motion
designating additional portions of the record to be printed submitted
by Mr. Rolland M. Edmonds for the respondent.
Adjourned until Monday, November 7, next, at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Monday, November 7, will be as follows: Nos. 13
original, 49, 54, 53, 55, 57, 73, 75, 102, and 63.
☑

MONDAY, NOVEMBER 7, 1938
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
48
Present: The Chief Justice, Mr. Justice McReynolds, Mr. Justice
Brandeis, Mr. Justice Butler, Mr. Justice Stone, Mr. Justice Roberts,
Mr. Justice Black, and Mr. Justice Reed.
Lloyd E. Price, of Fort Worth, Tex.; Allan Shivers, of Port
Arthur, Tex.; Ordner T. Bundlie, of Saint Paul, Minn.; Bert Mc-
Mullen, of Minneapolis, Minn.; Park Street, of San Antonio, Tex.;
Albert Green Walker, of Vernon, Tex.; Moses Levitan, of Chicago,
Ill.; William T. Woodson, of Chicago, Ill.; Edward V. Dunklee, of
Denver, Colo.; Gerhard R. Gerhard, of New York City; Thomas F. D.
Haines, of New York City; Frank S. Bayley, of Seattle, Wash.; Geo.
H. Rawlins, of Phoenix, Ariz.; Kenart M. Rahn, of Chicago, Ill.;
Thomas D. Caldwell, of Harrisburg, Pa.; Fred H. Elliott, of Chicago,
Ill.; Gerald A. Doyle, of Cleveland, Ohio; Howell Leuck, of Cleve-
and, Ohio; M. Hudson Rathburn, of Chicago, Ill.; Robert Leyburne
Patterson, of Trenton, N. J.; George F. Mehling, of Detroit, Mich.;
anl Lucas E. Kilkenny, of San Francisco, Calif., were admitted to
practice.
No. 15. Waialua Agricultural Company, Limited, petitioner, v..
Eliza R. P. Christian, an incompetent person, etc., et al.; and
No. 17. Eliza R. P. Christian, an incompetent person, etc., peti-
tioner, v. Waialua Agricultural Company, Limited. On writs of
certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the
Ninth Circuit. Decree of the United States Circuit Court of Ap-
peals reversed and decree of the Supreme Court of Hawaii affirmed.
Opinion by Mr. Justice Reed.
No. 11. Guy T. Helvering, Commissioner of Internal Revenue,
petitioner, v. Robert C. Winmill. On writ of certiorari to the United
States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit. Judgment
reversed and cause remanded to the United States Circuit Court of
Appeals for the Second Circuit for further proceedings in conform-
ity with the opinion of this Court. Opinion by Mr. Justice Black.
No. 24. Frank T. Hines, Administrator of Veterans' Affairs, United
States Veterans' Administration, petitioner, v. James J. Lowrey,
Committee, etc. On writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of the
State of New York. Judgment reversed and cause remanded to the
99087-38--16

,
MONDAY, NOVEMBER 7, 1938
49
said Supreme Court for further proceedings not inconsistent with
the opinion of this Court. Opinion by Mr. Justice Black.
No. 12. D. F. Stahmann, Anna M. Stahmann, et al., petitioners, v.
S. P. Vidal, Collector of Internal Revenue for the District of New
Mexico. On writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court
of Appeals for the Tenth Circuit. Judgment reversed with costs
and cause remanded to the District Court of the United States for
the District of New Mexico for further proceedings in conformity
with the opinion of this Court. Opinion by Mr. Justice Roberts.
Mr. Justice Reed took no part in the consideration or decision of
this case.
No. 31. The Sovereign Camp of the Woodmen of the World, peti-
tioner, v. William F. Bolin, Edward E. Bolin, et al. On writ of cer-
tiorari to the Kansas City Court of Appeals of the State of Missouri.
Judgment reversed with costs and cause remanded to the said Court
of Appeals for further proceedings not inconsistent with the opinion
of this Court. Opinion by Mr. Justice Roberts.
No. 3. The Schriber-Schroth Company, petitioner, v. The Cleve-
land Trust Company, Chrysler Corporation;
No. 4. The Aberdeen Motor Supply Company, petitioner, v. The
Cleveland Trust Company, Chrysler Corporation; and
No. 5. The F. E. Rowe Sales Company, petitioner, v. The Cleveland
Trust Company, Chrysler Corporation. On writs of certiorari to
the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Sixth Circuit.
Decrees reversed with costs and cases remanded to the said Circuit
Court of Appeals for further proceedings in conformity with the
opinion of this Court. Opinion by Mr. Justice Stone. Mr. Justice
Roberts took no part in the consideration or decision of these cases.
No. 16. Mark O. Davis, petitioner, v. Maude E. Davis. On writ of
certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the District of
Columbia. Decree reversed with costs and cause remanded to the
District Court of the United States for the District of Columbia
for further proceedings in conformity with the opinion of this Court.
Opinion by Mr. Justice Butler.
No. 18. James E. Davidson, petitioner, v. Commissioner of Internal
Revenue. On writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court
of Appeals for the Eighth Circuit. Judgment affirmed and cause re-
manded to the said Circuit Court of Appeals. Opinion by Mr.
Justice Butler.
No. 9. Guaranty Trust Company of New York, Executor, etc.,
petitioner, v. Commonwealth of Virginia. On writ of certiorari to
the Supreme Court of Appeals of the Commonwealth of Virginia.
Judgment affirmed with costs. Opinion by Mr. Justice McReynolds.

MONDAY, NOVEMBER 7, 1938
50
No. 30. The Colorado National Bank of Denver and Gertrude Hen-
drie Grant, Executors, etc., petitioners, v. Commissioner of Internal
Revenue. On writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court
of Appeals for the Tenth Circuit. Judgment of the Circuit Court
of Appeals reversed and the judgment of the Board of Tax Appeals
affirmed and cause remanded to the United States Circuit Court of
Appeals for the Tenth Circuit for further proceedings in conformity
with the opinion of this Court. Opinion by Mr. Justice McRey-
nolds. Mr. Justice Reed concurs on the ground that the conclusion
of the Board that the transfer was not made in contemplation of
death was justified. There was substantial evidence of a life motive
and the Board did not find an effective motive in contemplation
of death. Dissenting opinion by Mr. Justice Black.
No. 8. Great Northern Railway Company and George Pappas,
petitioners, v. George Leonidas. On writ of certiorari to the Su-
preme Court of the State of Montana. Judgment as to petitioner
Great Northern Railway Company affirmed with costs. As to peti-
tioner George Pappas the writ of certiorari is dismissed. Opinion,
per curiam, announced by Mr. Chief Justice Hughes. Mr. Justice
Black is of the opinion that the writ of certiorari should be dis-
missed as to both petitioners.
No. 26. Texas Consolidated Theatres, Inc., petitioner, v. S. H.
Pittman. On writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court
of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit. Writ of certiorari dismissed with
costs against petitioner. Opinion, per curiam, announced by Mr.
Chief Justice Hughes.
No. 29. The Polk Company, Bruce's Juices, Inc., et al, appellants,
v. Manuel M. Glover, as County Solicitor of Polk County, Florida.
Appeal from the District Court of the United States for the South-
ern District of Florida. Decree reversed with costs and cause re-
manded to the said District Court for further proceedings in con-
formity with the opinion of this Court. Opinion, per curiam, an-
nounced by Mr. Chief Justice Hughes. Dissenting opinion by Mr.
Justice Black.
The Chief Justice announced the following orders of the Court:
No. 240. Ben Anderson et al., appellants, v. Northern States Con-
tracting Company et al.;
No. 241. Green Brown et al., appellants, v. Swords-McDougal
Company et al.; and
No. 242. Will Knox et al., appellants, v. Massachusetts Bonding
and Insurance Company. Appeals from the Court of Appeals of the
Commonwealth of Kentucky. Per curiam: The appeals herein are dis-

MONDAY, NOVEMBER 7, 1938
51
missed for the want of jurisdiction. Section 237 (a), Judicial Code,
as amended by the Act of February 13, 1925 (43 Stat. 936, 937).
Treating the papers whereon the appeals were allowed as petitions
for writs of certiorari as required by section 237 (c), Judicial Code,
as amended (43 Stat. 936, 938), certiorari is denied. Mr. Justice
Butler took no part in the consideration or decision of these cases.
No. 405. Lester A. Crancer and George B. Fleischmann, Co-part-
ners, etc., et al., appellants, v. The United States of America et al.
Appeal from the District Court of the United States for the Eastern
District of Missouri. Per curiam: The decree is affirmed. Hooker v.
Knapp, 225 U. S. 302; Standard Oil Co. v. United States, 283 U. S.
235, 238; I. C. C. v. United States ex rel. Campbell, 289 U. S. 385,
388; United States v. Griffin, 303 U. S. 226, 233, 234.
No. 410. Diamond Tank Transport, Inc., et al., appellants, v. The
United States of America et al. Appeal from the District Court of
the United States for the Western District of Washington. Per
curiam: The decree is affirmed. Hooker v. Knapp, 225 U. S. 302;
Standard Oil Co. v. United States, 283 U. S. 235, 238; I. C. C. v.
United States ex rel. Campbell, 289 U. S. 385, 388; United States v.
Griffin, 303 U. S. 226, 233, 234.
No. 423. Dr. H. R. Parker, appellant, v. City of Greensboro, North
Carolina. Appeal from the Supreme Court of the State of North
Carolina. Per curiam: The appeal herein is dismissed for the want
of a substantial federal question. Welch v. Swasey, 214 U. S. 91,
105–106; Cusack v. City of Chicago, 242 U. S. 526, 530–531; Euclid v.
Ambler Co., 272 U. S. 365, 388-389; Gorieb v. Fox, 274 U. S. 603,
608; West Brothers Brick Co. v. Alexandria, 302 U. S. 658.
No. 151. Sam J. Boller, appellant, v. The State of Kansas. Ap-
peal from the Supreme Court of the State of Kansas. Per curiam:
The motion to reinstate the appeal is granted and the appeal is dis-
missed for want of jurisdiction. Section 237 (a), Judicial Code, as
amended by the Act of February 13, 1925 (43 Stat. 936, 937). Treat-
ing the papers whereon the appeal was allowed as a petition for writ
of certiorari as required by section 237 (c), Judicial Code, as amended
(43 Stat. 936, 938), certiorari is denied.
No. 409. Twin Falls County, State of Idaho, appellant, v. Marie
Henderson. Appeal from the Supreme Court of the State of Idaho.
Per curiam: The appeal herein is dismissed (1) for the want of a
substantial federal question, Pawhuska v. Pawhuska Oil & Gas Co.,
250 U. S. 394; Trenton v. New Jersey, 262 U. S. 182; Williams v.
Mayor, 289 U. S. 36, 40; City of Los Angeles v. Los Angeles County
Flood Control District, 305 U. S. — (decided October 17, 1938); (2)
for the reason that the judgment sought herein to be reviewed is based
-
1

MONDAY, NOVEMBER 7, 1938
52
upon a non-federal ground adequate to support it, Eustis v. Bolles,
150 U. S. 361, 366; Hale v. Lewis, 181 U. S. 473, 479; Gauss v. Detroit
Trust Co., 297 U. S. 695.
The Chief Justice said:
"The other orders of the Court appear upon the list certified by
the Chief Justice and filed with the Clerk and will not be announced
orally."
No. original. Ex parte Romao Lukiancguk, petitioner. The
motion for leave to file petition for writ of habeas corpus is denied.
No., original. State of Massachusetts, complainant, v. State of
Missouri et al. A rule is ordered to issue, returnable December 12,
next, requiring the defendants to show cause why leave to file the bill
of complaint herein should not be granted.
No. 329. Gene Buck, Individually and as President of the Ameri-
can Society of Composers, Authors, and Publishers, et al., appellants,
v. Phil H. Gallagher, Individually, etc., et al. The motion to dismiss
the appeal is granted as to Ernest N. Hutchinson, John D. Evans, and
Sam M. Driver, and the appeal is dismissed as to those three ap-
pellees. In all other respects the motion is denied.
No. 188. Edward H. Titus, petitioner, v. Lou C. Wallick. The
motion of the respondent for an order requiring designated portions
of the record to be printed is granted, and it is ordered that those por-
tions of the record specified in respondent's motion which are not in-
cluded in the petitioner's designation heretofore filed be printed, with-
out prejudice to the authority of the Court to make such order as to
costs as it may deem proper, if it appears that the respondent has
caused unnecessary parts of the record to be printed.
No. 22. The United States of America, petitioner, v. Continental
National Bank and Trust Company, Trustee, etc., et al. The motion to
substitute and the motion to make a new party are denied. Further
consideration of the motion to dismiss is postponed to the hearing of
the case on the merits.
No. 420. Samuel Miller, petitioner, v. Lykes Brothers-Ripley
Steamship Company, Inc. On petition for writ of certiorari to the
United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit;
No. 422. C. L. Hammond, petitioner, v. Clyde I. Plummer, Warden,
On petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of the
State of California; and
No. 429. Milton Prebyl, petitioner, v. Prudential Insurance Com-
pany of America. On petition for writ of certiorari to the United
States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Eighth Circuit. The motions
for leave to proceed further herein in forma pauperis are denied for
the reason that the Court, upon examination of the papers herein sub-

MONDAY, NOVEMBER 7, 1938
53
mitted, finds no ground upon which writs of certiorari should be issued.
The petitions for writs of certiorari are therefore also denied.
No. 400. Elisabeth C. Herndon, petitioner, v. Pulaski County. On
petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of the State of
Arkansas. The motion for leave to proceed herein on the typewritten
record is denied for the reason that the Court, upon examination of the
papers herein submitted, finds no ground upon which a writ of certi-
orari should be issued. The petition for writ of certiorari is therefore
also denied.
No. 432. The United States of America et al., appellants, v. Dan
E. Maher, doing business as Interstate Busses. In this case probable
jurisdiction is noted.
No. 418. A. B. Hale, as Chairman, et al., etc., appellants, v. Bimco
Trading, Inc., et al. In this case probable jurisdiction is noted.
Further consideration of the motion to dismiss or affirm is postponed
to the hearing of the case on the merits.
No. 384. Guaranty Trust Company of New York, as Trustee, etc.,
petitioner, v. Berryman Henwood, Trustee, etc., et al. Petition for
writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals
for the Eighth Circuit granted.
No. 391. The United States of America, petitioner, v. Elizabeth C.
Jacobs, Executrix, etc. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United
States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Seventh Circuit granted.
No. 385. First Chrold Corporation, petitioner, v. Commissioner of
Internal Revenue. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United
States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Eighth Circuit granted and
the case assigned for argument immediately following No. 328.
No. 303. Arthur C. Harvey Company, petitioner, v. The United
States. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Claims denied.
No. 365. Standard Education Society et al., petitioners, v. Federal
Trade Commission. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United
States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit denied.
No. 370. Sigurd A. Emerson, petitioner, v. Commissioner of Inter-
nal Revenue. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Circuit Court of Appeals for the Third Circuit denied.
No. 376. Wade H. Cooper, petitioner, v. J. F. T. O'Connor, F. G.
Awalt, et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia denied.
No. 377. Wade H. Cooper, petitioner, v. J. F. T. O'Connor, Robert
C. Baldwin, et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United
States Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia denied.

MONDAY, NOVEMBER 7, 1938
54
No. 381. Aero Neck Band & Collar Co., Inc., et al., petitioners, v.
Beaver Manufacturing Co., Inc. Petition for writ of certiorari to
the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit
denied.
No. 382. Chicago Pneumatic Tool Company, petitioner, v. Hughes
Tool Company. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Circuit Court of Appeals for the Tenth Circuit denied.
No. 383. John Morrell & Co., petitioner, v. Boyd W. Doyle et al.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of
Appeals for the Seventh Circuit denied.
No. 386. Florida Power & Light Company, petitioner, v. City of
Miami, a Municipal Corporation, etc., et al. Petition for writ of
certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Fifth
Circuit denied.
No. 387. Caroline C. Spalding, petitioner, v. The United States of
America; and
No. 388. Silsby M. Spalding, petitioner, v. The United States of
America. Petition for writs of certiorari to the United States Cir-
cuit Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit denied.
No. 389. Millie Belle Brown, Executrix, etc., petitioner, v. Com-
missioner of Internal Revenue. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Sixth Circuit denied.
No. 390. Laura Miller Boyer, Administratrix, etc., petitioner, v.
Standish Backus et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Su-
preme Court of the State of Michigan denied.
No. 396. Morris M. Halsted, petitioner, v. State Highway Commis-
sioner, etc. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of
the State of Michigan denied.
No. 406. The Engineering and Research Corporation et al., peti-
tioners, v. Horni Signal Manufacturing Corporation. Petition for
writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for
the Second Circuit denied.
No. 424. Ellen Johnson, as Administratrix, etc., petitioner, v.
Stromberg Carlson Telephone Mfg. Co. Petition for writ of certi-
orari to the Court of Appeals of the State of New York denied.
No. 371. George W. Helme Company, petitioner, v. The United
States. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Claims denied.
No. 394. Agnes Gliwa, in behalf of herself and all other parties
similarly situated and affected, etc., petitioner, v. United States Steel
Corporation et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme
Court of the State of Pennsylvania denied.

MONDAY, NOVEMBER 7, 1938
55
No. 395. Marie C. Carusi and Joseph J. Moebs, petitioners, v. Alma
Schulmerick. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia denied.
No. 398. William L. Adams, Howard Buffett, et al., etc., petitioners,
v. Great Lakes Utilities Corporation et al., etc.; and
No. 399. William L. Adams, Howard Buffett, et al., etc., petitioners,
v. Great Lakes Utilities Corporation et al., etc. Petition for writs
of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the
Third Circuit denied.
No. 401. C. I. T. Corporation, petitioner, v. Leslie R. Himes,
Trustee, etc., et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United
States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Third Circuit denied.
No. 404. Saint Paul Mercury Indemnity Company, petitioner, v.
Red Cab Company. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United
States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Seventh Circuit denied.
No. 414. Harris Hammond, petitioner, v. Irving Trust Company,
as Trustee, etc. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Circuit Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit denied.
No. 10. The United States of America, petitioner, v. One 1936
Model Ford V-8 De Luxe Coach, etc. The petition for rehearing
is granted. The judgment of affirmance entered October 17, 1938, is
vacated and the case is restored to the docket for reargument.
No. 134. Justin L. Mitchell, petitioner, v. The People of the State
of Illinois. The application for a stay and the motion for an exten-
sion of time within which to file a brief in support of the petition
for rehearing are denied. The petition for rehearing is denied.
No. - original. Ex parte Francis Scalese, petitioner;
No. 64. Elkhorn Coal Company, petitioner, v. Guy T. Helvering,
Commissioner of Internal Revenue;
No. 83. Thomas N. Dysart, Trustee, etc., petitioner, v. The United
States of America:
No. 115. Mutual Benefit Health and Accident Association, peti-
tioner, v. Ralley A. Warrell;
No. 131. City National Bank and I. H. Nakdimen, petitioners, v.
Henry C. Sternberg;
No. 149. John T. Murphy, petitioner, v. Kenton County Bar Asso-
ciation, etc., et al.;
No. 181. Sovereign Camp of the Woodmen of the World, appellant,
v. Don R. Casados et al.;
No. 214. Public Service Company of Indiana et al., appellants, v.
City of Lebanon, Indiana;
No. 238. Crescent Creamery, Inc., et al., appellants, v. Milk Con-
trol Board of the State of Indiana, et al.;

MONDAY, NOVEMBER 7, 1938
56
No. 289. Harvey S. Adams, as Receiver, etc., et al., petitioners, v.
Thomas C. Eastman et al.;
No. 299. American Surety Company of New York, petitioner, 2.
Oren S. Hack, as Receiver, etc.;
No. 300. Oren S. Hack, as Receiver, etc., petitioner, v. American
Surety Company of New York; and
No. 356. Edward F. O'Brien, petitioner, v. The First National
Bank of Chicago, as Trustee, etc. Petitions for rehearing denied.
No. 11, original. The State of Texas, complainant, v. The State of
Florida et al. Report of the Special Master submitted by Mr. John
S. Flannery, Special Master.
No. 309. The United States of America, appellant, v. Durkee
Famous Foods, Inc.; and
No. 310. The United States of America, appellant, 2. Manhattan.
Lighterage Corporation. Motions to enlarge the records submitted
by Mr. Roger Hinds for the appellees.
No. 311. The United States of America, appellant, v. Colgate-Palm-
olive-Peet Company. Motion to enlarge the record submitted by Mr.
John A. Hartpence for the appellee.
No. 146. Carl Perry, appellant, v. The State of Kansas. Motion to
reinstate the appeal submitted by counsel for appellant.
No. 13, original. State of California, complainant, v. Murray
W. Latimer, et al. M. R. Reed, individually and as a member of the
Railroad Retirement Board substituted as a party defendant in the
place and stead of James A. Dailey, resigned, on motion of Mr.
H. H. Linney in that behalf. Argument on the bill of complaint and
motion to dismiss cominenced by Mr. Warner W. Gardner for the
defendants; continued by Mr. Lucas E. Kilkenny for the complain-
ant; and concluded by Mr. Warner W. Gardner for the defendants.
No. 49. Hyman Scher, alias William Scher, petitioner, v. The
United States of America. Argued by Mr. Gerald A. Doyle for the
petitioner and by Mr. Alexander Holtzoff for the respondent.
No. 51. Armstrong Paint and Varnish Works, petitioner, v. Nu-
Enamel Corporation, an Illinois Corporation, et al. Argument com-
menced by Mr. Moses Levitan for the petitioner.
Adjourned until tomorrow at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Tuesday, November 8, will be as follows: Nos. 51,
53, 55, 57, 73, 75, 63, 98, 118, and (96 and 97).
99087-38-17
Х

TUESDAY, NOVEMBER 8, 1938
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
57
Present: The Chief Justice, Mr. Justice McReynolds, Mr. Justice
Brandeis, Mr. Justice Butler, Mr. Justice Stone, Mr. Justice Roberts,
Mr. Justice Black, and Mr. Justice Reed.
George J. Engelman, of New York City; Russell L. Wolden, of
San Francisco, Calif.; George B. Furman, of Washington, D. C.;
George Sipkin, of Washington, D. C.; S. R. Redmond, of St. Louis,
Mo.; Ralph R. Young, of Washington, D. C.; Arthur W. Crocker, of
Silver Spring, Md.; Cyril W. Dawson, of Washington, D. C.; Justin
N. Reinhardt, of New York City; Jehiel G. Shipman, of Newark,
N. J.; George L. Walker, of Kansas City, Mo.; Samuel M. Weinstein,
of Roanoke, Va.; E. James Sax, of Boston, Mass.; and William J.
Conlyn, of Washington, D. C., were admitted to practice.
No. 57. State of Missouri, at the relation of Lloyd Gaines, pe-
titioner, v. S. W. Canada, Registrar of the University of Missouri, et al.
Motion for leave to file brief of American Civil Liberties Union, Inc.,
as amicus curiae, submitted by Mr. Sol M. Alpher in that behalf and
the motion denied.
No. 51. Armstrong Paint and Varnish Works, petitioner, v. Nu-
Enamel Corporation, an Illinois Corporation, et al. Argument con-
tinued by Mr. Moses Levitan for the petitioner, by Mr. Edward S.
Rogers for the respondents, and concluded by Mr. George I. Haight
for the petitioner.
No. 53. Roy G. Harris and Benjamin F. J. Odell, petitioners, v.
Avery Brundage Company et al. Argued by Mr. Benjamin F. J.
Odell and Mr. Kenart M. Rahn for the petitioners and by Mr. Sig-
mund W. David for the respondents.
No. 55. A. E. McDonald, petitioner, v. Ernest O. Thompson et al.
Argument commenced by Mr. Lloyd E. Price for the petitioner and
continued by Mr. William McCraw for the respondents.
Adjourned until tomorrow at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Wednesday, November 9, will be as follows: Nos.
55, 57, 73, 75, 63, 98, 118, 96 (and 97), 304, and 48.
☑
99087-38- -18

WEDNESDAY, NOVEMBER 9, 1938
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
58
Present: The Chief Justice, Mr. Justice McReynolds, Mr. Justice
Brandeis, Mr. Justice Butler, Mr. Justice Stone, Mr. Justice Roberts,
Mr. Justice Black, and Mr. Justice Reed.
Clayton L. Orn, of Fort Worth, Tex.; Irving S. Nathan, of Atlanta,
Ga.; Fred A. Donham, of Little Rock, Ark.; Henry E. Spitzburg, of
Little Rock, Ark.; and Simon Lasica, of Arlington, Va., were admitted
to practice.
No. 55. A. E. McDonald, petitioner, v. Ernest O. Thompson et al.
Argument continued by Mr. Albert G. Walker for the respondents
and concluded by Mr. T. S. Christopher for the petitioner.
No. 57. State of Missouri at the relation of Lloyd Gaines, peti-
tioner, v. S. W. Canada, Registrar of the University of Missouri, et al.
Argument commenced by Mr. Charles H. Houston for the petitioner;
continued by Mr. Sidney R. Redmond for the petitioner; by Mr. Wil-
liam S. Hogsett and Mr. Fred L. Williams for the respondent; and
concluded by Mr. Charles H. Houston for the petitioner.
Adjourned until tomorrow at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Thursday, November 10, will be as follows: Nos.
73, 75, 63, 98, 118, 96 (and 97), 304, 48, 94, and 102.
99087-38-
-19

THURSDAY, NOVEMBER 10, 1938
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
59
Present: The Chief Justice, Mr. Justice McReynolds, Mr. Justice
Brandeis, Mr. Justice Butler, Mr. Justice Stone, Mr. Justice Roberts,
Mr. Justice Black, and Mr. Justice Reed.
J. Donald Rawlings, of New York City; Charles W. Leaphart, of
Missoula, Mont.; Charles A. Horsky, of New York City; Frank T.
Lloyd, of Merchantville, N. J.; S. Lewis Davis, of Collingswood,
N. J.; Robert E. Erwin, of Philadelphia, Pa.; and Edward N.
Mooneyham, of Lebanon, Tenn., were admitted to practice.
No. 73. State of Minnesota, by its Attorney General, petitioner, v.
The United States of America. Argued by Mr. Ordner T. Bundlie
for the petitioner and by Mr. Mac Asbill for the respondent. Leave
granted the parties to file supplemental briefs within five days.
No. 75. Gwin, White & Prince, Inc., appellant, v. Harold H. Hen-
neford, Thomas S. Hedges, et al. Argued by Mr. Frank S. Bayley
for the appellant and by Mr. R. G. Sharpe for the appellees.
No. 63. Connecticut Railway and Lighting Company, petitioner,
v. Howard S. Palmer, James Lee Loomis, et al. Argument com-
menced by Mr. George W. Martin for the petitioner.
Adjourned until Monday next at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Monday, November 14, will be as follows: Nos.
63, 27, 98, 48, 96 (and 97), 304, 118, 94, 102, and 120.
Х
99087-38-20

MONDAY, NOVEMBER 14, 1938
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
60
00
Present: The Chief Justice, Mr. Justice McReynolds, Mr. Justice
Brandeis, Mr. Justice Butler, Mr. Justice Stone, Mr. Justice Rob-
erts, Mr. Justice Black, and Mr. Justice Reed.
Morris Brandon, Jr., of Atlanta, Ga.; William R. Bustard, of
Cleveland, Ohio; Carl A. Mintz, of Cleveland, Ohio; Carl M. Ander-
son, of New York City; Charles D. Snepp, of Knoxville, Tenn.;
Thomas A. Pedersen, of Chattanooga, Tenn.; James F. Oates, Jr.,
of Chicago, Ill.; John Y. Pashgian, of Pasadena, Calif.; J. Albert
Hultquist, of New York City; Paul Sprague Davis, of Chicago,
Ill.; Herbert A. Alpert, of Fort Collins, Colo.; Walter Raleigh
Robertson, of Washington, D. C.; Benj. Tillman Huiet, of Atlanta,
Ga.; and Marion Williamson, of Atlanta, Ga., were admitted to
practice.
No. 2. Kellogg Company, petitioner, v. National Biscuit Company;
and
No. 56. Kellogg Company, petitioner, v. National Biscuit Com-
pany. On writs of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of
Appeals for the Third Circuit. Decrees reversed with costs and
cases remanded to the District Court of the United States for the
District of Delaware with direction to dismiss the bill. Opinion
by Mr. Justice Brandeis. Mr. Justice McReynolds and Mr. Justice
Butler are of opinion that the decree of the Circuit Court of Appeals
is correct and should be affirmed.
The Chief Justice announced the following orders of the Court:
No. 146. Carl Perry, appellant, v. The State of Kansas. Appeal
from the Supreme Court of the State of Kansas. Per curiam: The
motion to reinstate the appeal is granted and the appeal is dis-
missed for the want of a substantial federal question. Baldwin v.
Kansas, 129 U. S. 52, 57; Castillo v. McConnico, 168 U. S. 674, 683;.
Old Colony Trust Co. v. Omaha, 230 U. S. 100, 116; Hebert v. Louisi-
ana, 272 U. S. 316, 317.
No. 447. Charles H. Kryder, appellant, v. The State of Indiana..
Appeal from the Supreme Court of the State of Indiana. Per
99087-38-21

MONDAY, NOVEMBER 14, 1938
61
curiam: The appeal herein is dismissed for the want of a substantial
federal question. Sugarman v. United States, 249 U. S. 182, 184;
Zucht v. King, 260 U. S. 174, 176; Red "C" Oil Co. v. North Carolina,
222 U. S. 380, 390; Mutual Film Corporation v. Ohio Industrial Com-
mission, 236 U. S. 230, 245; Pacific States Co. v. White, 296 U. S.
176, 182.
The Chief Justice said:
"The other orders of the Court appear upon the list certified by
the Chief Justice and filed with the Clerk and will not be announced
orally."
No., original. Ex parte Clarence M. Brummett, petitioner;
No., original. Ex parte Clint Smith, petitioner; and
-
No.
, original. Ex parte Ralph Mark, petitioner. The motions
for leave to file petitions for writs of habeas corpus are denied.
No. 11, original. State of Texas, complainant, v. State of Florida
et al. The report of the Special Master herein is received and
ordered to be filed. It is ordered that exceptions to the said report,
if any, be filed on or before December 12, next; that briefs upon such
exceptions be filed on or before January 16; and that reply briefs, if
any, be filed on or before January 31. The cause is assigned for
hearing on Monday, February 6, next, at the head of the call for
that day.
No. 309. The United States of America, appellant, v. Durkee
Famous Foods, Inc.;
No. 310. The United States of America, appellant, v. Manhattan
Lighterage Corporation; and
No. 311. The United States of America, appellant, v. Colgate-
Palmolive-Peet Company. The motions to enlarge the records are
granted.
No. 339. Henry S. Long, Chairman, and John P. Kohn, Sr., et al.,
appellants, v. Walter Stokes, Jr., as Commissioner of Finance and
Taxation of the State of Tennessee. The motion for leave to file the
statement as to jurisdiction is granted and probable jurisdiction is
noted.
No. 417. John G. Saxe, petitioner, v. John S. Shea, as Administra-
tor, etc. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit
Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit granted.
No. 403. Lawrence H. Ferribee, petitioner, v. The United States of
America et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Circuit Court of Appeals for the Seventh Circuit denied.
No. 408. John M. Harvey and Lena F. Harvey, petitioners, v. The
Federal Land Bank of Springfield, Massachusetts, et al. Petition

MONDAY, NOVEMBER 14, 1938
62
for writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals
for the Second Circuit denied.
No. 412. Martha James Burnett, petitioner, v. The Amalgamated
Phosphate Company. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United
States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 413. State Farm Mutual Auto Insurance Company of Bloom-
ington, Illinois, petitioner, v. Edna Hindel, Administratrix, etc. Peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of
Appeals for the Seventh Circuit denied.
No. 415. Board of Directors of St. Francis Levee District, peti-
tioner, v. J. M. Kurn and John G. Lonsdale, Trustees, etc. Petition
for writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals
for the Eighth Circuit denied.
No. 419. Harry Latz and Harry Latz Service, Inc., petitioners,
v. Reliance Graphic Corporation, et al. Petition for writ of cer-
tiorari to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Second
Circuit denied.
No. 372, October Term 1937. Mark Graves, John J. Merrill, et al.,
petitioners, v. Marion Brown Elliott, Horace F. Phelps, et al. On
petition for writ of certiorari to the Surrogates' Court of the County
of New York, State of New York. The petition for rehearing is
granted. The order denying certiorari is vacated and the petition for
writ of certiorari is granted and the case is assigned for argument
immediately following No. 339.
No. 6. Thomas J. Mooney, petitioner, v. Court Smith, Warden of
San Quentin Penitentiary, State of California. The petition for
rehearing is denied. Under Rule 33 Mr. Justice Black and Mr.
Justice Reed took no part in the consideration and decision of this
application.
No. -, original. Ex parte Andrew G. Turcke, petitioner;
No. 307. The Automatic Toy Corporation, petitioner, v. Buddy
"L" Mfg. Co., Inc., et al.;
No. 335. Raffold Process Corporation, petitioner, v. Castanea
Paper Company, Inc.;
No. 346. William P. Deppe, petitioner, v. United States Board of
Tax Appeals et al.; and
No. 378. American Glycerin Company, petitioner, v. Eason Oil
Company et al. Petitions for rehearing denied.
ORDER
The Court will take a recess from Monday, November 21, until
Monday, December 5, next.

MONDAY, NOVEMBER 14, 1938
63
No. -, original. Ex parte W. A. Denson, petitioner. Motion
for leave to file petition for writ of mandamus submitted by Mr.
W. A. Denson pro se.
No. 387. Caroline C. Spalding, petitioner, v. The United States
of America; and
No. 388. Silsby M. Spalding, petitioner, v. The United States of
America. Motions to recall orders denying petition for writs of
certiorari submitted by Mr. Homer Hendricks for the petitioners.
No. 63. Connecticut Railway and Lighting Company, petitioner, v.
Howard S. Palmer, James Lee Loomis, et al. Argument continued by
Mr. George W. Martin and by Mr. Talcott M. Banks, Jr., for the
petitioner; by Mr. Harmon J. Wells and by Mr. James Garfield for
the respondents; and concluded by Mr. George W. Martin for the
petitioner.
No. 27. The Tennessee Electric Power Company et al., appellants,
v. Tennessee Valley Authority et al. Six hours allowed for oral
argument. Argument commenced by Mr. Raymond T. Jackson for
the appellants and continued by Mr. John C. Weadock for the appel-
lants; and by Mr. James Lawrence Fly for the appellees.
Adjourned until tomorrow at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Tuesday, November 15, will be as follows: Nos.
27, 98, 48, 96 (and 97), 304, 118, 94, 102, 120, and 169.

TUESDAY, NOVEMBER 15, 1938
64
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: The Chief Justice, Mr. Justice McReynolds, Mr. Justice
Brandeis, Mr. Justice Butler, Mr. Justice Stone, Mr. Justice Roberts,
Mr. Justice Black, and Mr. Justice Reed.
Edward J. Bushell, of Malden, Mass.; and Robert Holland Eck-
hoff, of San Francisco, Calif., were admitted to practice.
No. 27. The Tennessee Electric Power Company et al., appellants,
v. Tennessee Valley Authority et al. Appeal dismissed as to appel-
lant, West Tennessee Power & Light Company, on motion and stipu-
lation signed by counsel for all appellants and the Government.
No. 27. The Tennessee Electric Power Company et al., appellants,
v. Tennessee Valley Authority et al. Argument continued by Mr.
James Lawrence Fly and Mr. John Lord O'Brian for the appellees
and concluded by Mr. Raymond T. Jackson for the appellants.
No. 98. M. E. Blatt Company, petitioner, v. The United States.
Argument commenced by Mr. Lawrence Cake for the petitioner.
Adjourned until tomorrow at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Wednesday, November 16, will be as follows: Nos.
98, 48, 96 (and 97), 304, 118, 94, 102, 120, 169, and 180.
Х
99087-38-22

WEDNESDAY, NOVEMBER 16, 1938
65
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: The Chief Justice, Mr. Justice McReynolds, Mr. Justice
Brandeis, Mr. Justice Butler, Mr. Justice Stone, Mr. Justice Roberts,
Mr. Justice Black, and Mr. Justice Reed.
Carroll Philip Hickman, of Westhaven, Md.; H. Albert Hyett, of
Atlantic City, N. J.; Walter H. Murphy, of Lynn, Mass.; Stanley E.
Beattie, of Detroit, Mich.; Matthew D. Mackie, of Scranton, Pa.;
John W. Murphy, of Scranton, Pa.; Raymond T. Law, of Scranton,
Pa.; George T. Barker, of New York City; and Henry H. Shepard,
of New York City, were admitted to practice.
No. 98. M. E. Blatt Company, petitioner, v. The United States.
Argument continued by Mr. Lawrence Cake for the petitioner and
concluded by Mr. J. Louis Monarch for the respondent.
No. 48. Munro L. Lyeth, petitioner, v. James J. Hoey, Collector
of Internal Revenue, etc. Argued by Mr. J. M. Richardson Lyeth for
the petitioner and by Mr. Assistant Attorney General Morris for the
respondent.
No. 96. Harold T. White, Alexander M. White, Jr., et al., peti-
tioners, v. The United States; and
No. 97. Harold T. White, Sole Surviving Executor, etc., petitioner,
v. The United States. Argument commenced by Mr. John P. Ohl
for the petitioners.
Adjourned until tomorrow at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Thursday, November 17, will be as follows: Nos.
96 (and 97), 304, 118, 94, 102, 120, 169, and 222.
☑
99087-38-23

THURSDAY, NOVEMBER 17, 1938
66
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: The Chief Justice, Mr. Justice McReynolds, Mr. Justice
Brandeis, Mr. Justice Butler, Mr. Justice Stone, Mr. Justice Roberts,
Mr. Justice Black, and Mr. Justice Reed.
Robert E. L. Cook, of Chattanooga, Tenn.; Henry G. Walter, Jr.,
of New York City: W. LeRoy McKinley, of Philadelphia, Pa.;
William J. Sebald, of Baltimore, Md.; William O. Coe, of Oklahoma
City, Okla.; Murray F. Gibbons, of Oklahoma City, Okla.; John E.
Falkenberg, of Medford, Okla.: Aubrey M. Kerr, of Ada, Okla.;
Norton L. Goldsmith, of Louisville, Ky.; Kenneth R. L. Simmons, of
Billings, Mont.; Ralph H. Swingle, of Pittsburgh, Pa.; and Samuel
L. Rothbard, of Newark, N. J., were admitted to practice.
No. 128. Rhuel James Dalhover, petitioner, 2. The United States
of America. The motion for leave to file a petition for rehearing is
granted. The petitions for rehearing and for a stay are denied.
No. 120. Rose Bucsi, appellant, v. Longworth Building & Loan
Association and Niagara Building & Loan Association. Appeal from
the Court of Errors and Appeals of the State of New Jersey. Appeal
dismissed on motion of counsel for the appellant.
No. 96. Harold T. White, Alexander M. White, Jr., et al., peti-
tioners, v. The United States; and
No. 97. Harold T. White, Sole Surviving Executor, etc., petitioner,
2. The United States. Argument continued by Mr. John P. Ohl for
the petitioners; by Mr. Edward J. Ennis for the respondent; and
concluded by Mr. John P. Ohl for the petitioners.
No. 304. Guy T. Helvering, Commissioner of Internal Revenue,
petitioner, v. Chester N. Weaver Company. Argued by Mr. Edward
J. Ennis for the petitioner and by Mr. Adolphus E. Graupner for
the respondent.
No. 118. Princess Lida of Thurn and Taxis et al., petitioners, v.
Gerald Purcell Fitzgerald, Individually, etc., et al. Argument com-
menced by Mr. Charles H. Tuttle for the petitioners, and continued
by Mr. Dean D. Sturgis for the respondents.
Adjourned until tomorrow at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Friday, November 18, will be as follows: Nos. 118,
94, 102, and 222.
☑
99087-38-24

"
FRIDAY, NOVEMBER 18, 1938
67
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: The Chief Justice, Mr. Justice McReynolds, Mr. Justice
Brandeis, Mr. Justice Butler, Mr. Justice Stone, Mr. Justice Roberts,
Mr. Justice Black, and Mr. Justice Reed.
William M. Summer, of Columbus, Ohio; Helen W. Munsert, of
Chicago, Ill.; J. Hardy Neel, of Dallas, Tex.; Kenneth W. Munsert,
of Chicago, Ill.; Miles Spence Bray, of Washington, D. C.; Fred-
erick J. Whelan, of Greenwich, Conn.; Clarence H. Ross, of Chicago,
Ill.; A. Z. F. Wood, of Washington, D. C.; and Daniel A. Caputi, of
New York City, were admittted to practice.
No. 118. Princess Lida of Thurn and Taxis et al., petitioners, v.
Gerald Purcell Fitzgerald, Individually, etc., et al. Argument con-
tinued by Mr. Dean D. Sturgis and by Mr. W. Brown Higbee for the
respondents and concluded by Mr. Charles H. Tuttle for the peti-
tioners. Leave granted petitioners to file an additional brief by Mon-
day next.
No. 94. Inter-Island Steam Navigation Company, Limited, peti-
tioner, v. Territory of Hawaii by Public Utility Commission of the
Territory of Hawaii. Argued by Mr. J. Garner Anthony for the
petitioner and by Mr. Julius Russell Cades for the respondent.
No. 102. The United States of America, petitioner, v. Thomas R.
Powers et al. Argued by Mr. Charles W. Leaphart for the petitioner
and by Mr. T. H. Burke for the respondents.
Adjourned until Monday, November 21, next, at 12 o'clock.
99087-38-25

MONDAY, NOVEMBER 21, 1938
68
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: The Chief Justice, Mr. Justice Brandeis, Mr. Justice
Butler, Mr. Justice Stone, Mr. Justice Roberts, Mr. Justice Black,
and Mr. Justice Reed.
Edward L. Updike, of Washington, D. C.; Dorsey Dewey Smith,
of Albemarle, N. C.; William Herdman Schwatka, of Baltimore, Md.;
Chas. D. Turner, of Dallas, Tex.; C. E. Caspari, Jr., of St. Louis,
Mo.; Justin J. Doyle, of Rochester, N. Y.; Abe Richman, of Los
Angeles, Calif.; Yelverton Cowherd, of Birmingham, Ala.; Joseph
J. Zeiger, of New York City; Harold Alden Jewett, of Washington,
D. C.; Marguerite Rawalt, of Washington, D. C.; and C. E. Bryson,
of Houston, Tex., were admitted to practice.
No. 20. J. O. Stoll, petitioner, v. William Gottlieb. On writ of
certiorari to the Supreme Court of the State of Illinois. Judgment
reversed with costs and cause remanded to the said Supreme Court
for further proceedings not inconsistent with the opinion of this
Court. Opinion by Mr. Justice Reed. Mr. Justice McReynolds con-
curs in the result.
No. 53. Roy G. Harris and Benjamin F. J. Odell, petitioners, v.
Avery Brundage Company et al. On writ of certiorari to the United
States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Seventh Circuit. Judgment
affirmed with costs and cause remanded to the District Court of the
United States for the Northern District of Illinois. Opinion by
Mr. Justice Black.
Judgment
Dissenting
No. 13. Earle S. Welch, appellant, v. Robert K. Henry and Solo-
mon Levitan, State Treasurer of the State of Wisconsin. Appeal
from the Supreme Court of the State of Wisconsin.
affirmed with costs. Opinion by Mr. Justice Stone.
opinion by Mr. Justice Roberts, in which Mr. Justice McReynolds
and Mr. Justice Butler join.
No. 1. General Talking Pictures Corporation, petitioner, v. West-
ern Electric Company, Inc., et al. On writ of certiorari to the
United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit. (On
rehearing). Decree affirmed with costs and cause remanded to the
District Court of the United States for the Southern District of New
York. Opinion by Mr. Justice Brandeis. Mr. Justice Roberts took
no part in the consideration or decision of this case. Dissenting
opinion by Mr. Justice Black, in which Mr. Justice Reed joins.
99087-38-26

MONDAY, NOVEMBER 21, 1938
69
The Chief Justice announced the following order of the Court:
No. 442. William J. Mackesy, William B. Mahan, et al., appellants,
v. State of Maine. Appeal from the Superior Court of the State
of Maine. Per curiam: The appeal herein is dismissed for the want
of a properly presented substantial federal question. (1) Harding
v. Illinois, 196 U. S. 78, 86, 87; Capital City Dairy Co. v. Ohio,
183 U. S. 238, 248; (2) Nash v. United States, 229 U. S. 373, 377;
Whitney v. California, 274 U. S. 357, 368, 369; Carter v. Texas, 305
U. S. (decided October 10, 1938).
-
The Chief Justice said:
"The other orders of the Court appear upon the list certified by
the Chief Justice and filed with the Clerk and will not be announced
orally."
No., original. Ex parte W. A. Denson, petitioner. The motion
for leave to file petition for writ of mandamus is denied. Mr. Jus-
tice Black took no part in the consideration and decision of this
application.
No. -, original. Ex parte Mike Holchak, petitioner. This case
is set for argument on the rule to show cause why leave to file the
petition for writ of habeas corpus should not be granted and the
return thereto and assigned for Tuesday, January 3, 1939.
No., original. Ex parte Mike Holchak, petitioner. It is ordered
that Frank J. Wideman, Esquire, of Washington, D. C., a member of
the Bar of this Court, be appointed to serve as counsel for the peti-
tioner in this case.
No. 387. Caroline C. Spalding, petitioner, v. The United States of
America ; and
No. 388. Silsby M. Spalding, petitioner, v. The United States of
America. The motions to recall orders denying petitions for writs
of certiorari are denied.
No. 448. David T. Wilentz, J. H. Thayer-Martin, et al., appel-
lants, v. Sovereign Camp, Woodmen of the World. In this case prob-
able jurisdiction is noted.
No. 449. Newark Fire Insurance Company, appellant, v. State
Board of Tax Appeals et al.; and
No. 456. Universal Insurance Company et al., appellants, v. State
Board of Tax Appeals of the State of New Jersey et al. Further
consideration of the question of the jurisdiction of this Court in these
cases is postponed to the hearing of the cases on the merits.
No. 426. Milk Control Board of the Commonwealth of Pennsyl-
vania, petitioner, v. Eisenberg Farm Products. Petition for writ of

MONDAY, NOVEMBER 21, 1938
70
certiorari to the Supreme Court of the Commonwealth of Pennsyl-
vania granted.
No. 416. The United States of America, petitioner, v. Bartelsen
& Petersen Engineering Company. Petition for writ of certiorari
to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the First Circuit
granted. Mr. Justice Reed took no part in the consideration and
decision of this application.
No. 436. National Labor Relations Board, petitioner, v. Fansteel
Metallurgical Corporation. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Seventh Circuit
granted and the case assigned for argument immediately following
No. 274.
No. 437. The United States of America, petitioner, v. C. T. Jaffray
et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit
Court of Appeals for the Eighth Circuit granted and the case
assigned for argument immediately following No. 416. Mr. Justice
Reed took no part in the consideration and decision of this
application.
No. 407. Samuel Ross Morgan et al., petitioners, v. The United
States of America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United
States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Eighth Circuit denied.
No. 421. The National Builders Bank of Chicago, petitioner, v.
Samuel T. Brown et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United
States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Seventh Circuit denied.
No. 425. Salvadore Guarneri, petitioner, v. Eugene Kessler, Dis-
trict Director of Immigration et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to
the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit
denied.
No. 434. Julius Kayser & Company et al., petitioners, v. Rosedale
Knitting Company. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United.
States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Third Circuit denied.
No. 166. The Toledo Pressed Steel Company, petitioner, v. Stand-
ard Parts, Inc.; and
No. 167. The Toledo Pressed Steel Company, petitioner, v. Hueb-
ner Supply Company. The petition for rehearing is granted. The
orders denying certiorari are vacated and the petition for writs of
certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the
Sixth Circuit is granted.
No. 990. October Term, 1937, E. I. DuPont de Nemours & Com-
pany, Incorporated, petitioner, v. Waxed Products Co., Inc.;
No. 129. W. A. Denson, petitioner, v. Board of Commissioners of
the State Bar of Alabama;

MONDAY, NOVEMBER 21, 1938
71
No. 281. Mary J. Hellmuth, petitioner, v. Frank Hellmuth;
No. 358. Annette Strauss, as Special Administratrix, etc., peti-
tioner, v. Commissioner of Internal Revenue;
No. 372. Staley Elevator Co., Inc., et al., petitioners, v. Otis Ele-
vator Company;
No. 402. Harry J. Tompkins, petitioner, v. Erie Railroad Com-
pany; and
No. 429. Milton Prebyl, petitioner, v. Prudential Insurance Com-
pany of America. Petitions for rehearing denied.
No. 104. The State of Montana on the relation of the Board of
County Commissioners of Valley County, Montana, petitioner, v.
Archie G. Bruce, County Assessor of Valley County, Montana, et al.
Leave granted the United States to appear and present oral argument.
as amicus curiae on motion of Mr. Solicitor General Jackson in that
behalf.
No. -, original. In the matter of the petition of Committee for
Industrial Organization, American Civil Liberties Union, et al., for
a writ of mandamus and/or prohibition, v. Hon. J. Warren Davis,
Hon. Joseph Buffington, Hon. J. Whitaker Thompson, Hon. Albert
Branson Maris, and Hon. John Biggs, Jr., United States Circuit
Judges of the Third Judicial Circuit; and
No. Committee for Industrial Organization, American Civil
Liberties Union, et al., petitioners, v. Frank Hague, individually and
as Mayor of Jersey City, Daniel J. Casey, individually and as Direc-
tor of Public Safety of Jersey City, et al. Motion for leave to file
petition for a writ of mandamus and/or prohibition, for a rule to
show cause why a writ of certiorari should not issue, and for
interim stay submitted by Mr. Morris L. Ernst for the petitioners.
No., original. Ex parte Century Indemnity Company, petitioner.
Returns of Honorable Curtis D. Wilbur and Honorable William
Denman to the rule to show cause presented.
ORDER
No. -, original. In the matter of the petition of Committee for
Industrial Organization, American Civil Liberties Union, et al., for
a writ of mandamus and/or prohibition, v. Hon. J. Warren Davis,
Hon. Joseph Buffington, Hon. J. Whitaker Thompson, Hon. Albert
Branson Maris, and Hon. John Biggs, Jr., United States Circuit
Judges of the Third Judicial Circuit; and
―.
No. Committee for Industrial Organization, American Civil
Liberties Union, et al., petitioners, v. Frank Hague, individually and
as Mayor of Jersey City, Daniel J. Casey, individually and as Direc-

MONDAY, NOVEMBER 21, 1938
72
tor of Public Safety of Jersey City, et al. Motion for leave to file
petition for a writ of mandamus and/or prohibition, for a rule to
show cause why a writ of certiorari should not issue, and for interim
stay.
The motion is denied without prejudice to a petition for writ of
certiorari in accordance with the Rules of this Court.
Adjourned until Monday, December 5, next at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Monday, December 5, will be as follows: Nos.
22, 169, 222, 104, 113, 130, 252 (253, 254, 255, and 256), 133,
142, and 154.
X

MONDAY, DECEMBER 5, 1938
73
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: The Chief Justice, Mr. Justice McReynolds, Mr. Justice
Brandeis, Mr. Justice Butler, Mr. Justice Stone, Mr. Justice Roberts,
Mr. Justice Black, and Mr. Justice Reed.
Charles G. Jaquette, of Washington, D. C.; John Alden Gage, of
Washington, D. C.; A. S. Norvell, of Wewoka, Okla.; Francis N.
Marshall, of San Francisco, Calif.; Robert James Clendenin, of Mon-
mouth, Ill.; Edwin S. Booth, Jr., of Glasgow, Mont.; Frank J.
Creede, of San Francisco, Calif.; Kern Crandall, of Portland, Oreg.;
Alexander G. Brown, of Portland, Oreg.; Mortimer R. Irion, of Dal-
las, Tex.; Peggy Halloran, of Los Angeles, Calif.; Cecil Morgan, of
Shreveport, La.; John M. Kline, of Glasgow, Mont.; Charles Chester
Guy, of Washington, D. C.; George H. Heideman, of Detroit, Mich.;
Edward H. Miller, of St. Louis, Mo.; Thomas Kiernan, of New York
City, and Allen V. Junkin, of St. Paul, Minn., were admitted to
practice.
No. 51. Armstrong Paint and Varnish Works, petitioner, v. Nu-
Enamel Corporation, an Illinois Corporation, et al. On writ of
certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the
Seventh Circuit. Decree affirmed with costs and cause remanded to
the District Court of the United States for the Northern District of
Illinois with directions to proceed in conformity with the opinion of
this Court. Opinion by Mr. Justice Reed.
No. 94. Inter-Island Steam Navigation Company, Limited, peti-
tioner, v. Territory of Hawaii by Public Utility Commission of the
Territory of Hawaii. On writ of certiorari to the United States
Circuit Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit. Judgment affirmed
with costs and cause remanded to the Supreme Court of the Territory
of Hawaii. Opinion by Mr. Justice Black.
No. 21. Wm. H. Neblett, Vernon Bettin, et al., petitioners, v.
Samuel L. Carpenter, Jr., Insurance Commissioner of the State of
California, et al. On writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of the
State of California. Judgment affirmed with costs. Opinion by Mr.
Justice Roberts. Mr. Justice Reed took no part in the consideration
or decision of this case.
No. 96. Harold T. White, Alexander M. White, Jr., et al., peti-
tioners, v. The United States; and
99087-38-27

MONDAY, DECEMBER 5, 1938
74
No. 97. Harold T. White, Sole Surviving Executor, etc., peti-
tioner, v. The United States. On writs of certiorari to the Court of
Claims. Judgments affirmed. Opinion by Mr. Justice Stone. Dis-
senting: Mr. Justice McReynolds, Mr. Justice Butler, and Mr. Justice
Roberts.
No. 304. Guy T. Helvering, Commissioner of Internal Revenue,
petitioner v. Chester N. Weaver Company. On writ of certiorari to
the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit.
Judgment reversed and cause remanded to the said United States
Circuit Court of Appeals for further proceedings in conformity with
the opinion of this Court. Opinion by Mr. Justice Stone. Dissent-
ing: Mr. Justice McReynolds, Mr. Justice Butler, and Mr. Justice
Roberts.
No. 55. A. E. McDonald, petitioner, v. Ernest O. Thompson et al.
On writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals
for the Fifth Circuit. Decree affirmed with costs and cause re-
manded to the District Court of the United States for the Northern
District of Texas. Opinion by Mr. Justice Butler.
No. 98. M. E. Blatt Company, petitioner, v. The United States. On
writ of certiorari to the Court of Claims. Judgment reversed and
cause remanded to the Court of Claims for further proceedings in
conformity with the opinion of this Court. Opinion by Mr. Justice
Butler. Separate opinion by Mr. Justice Stone.
No. 13, original.
W. Latimer et al.
Justice Brandeis.
The State of California, complainant, v. Murray
Bill of complaint dismissed. Opinion by Mr.
No. 49. Hyman Scher, alias William Scher, petitioner, v. The
United States of America. On writ of certiorari to the United States
Circuit Court of Appeals for the Sixth Circuit. Judgment affirmed
and cause remanded to the District Court of the United States for the
Northern District of Ohio. Opinion by Mr. Justice McReynolds.
No. 28. Dan B. Shields, Individually and as United States Attor-
ney for the District of Utah, et al., petitioners, v. The Utah Idaho
Central Railroad Company. On writ of certiorari to the United
States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Tenth Circuit. Decree re-
versed and cause remanded to the District Court of the United
States for the District of Utah with direction to dismiss the bill of
complaint. Opinion by Mr. Chief Justice Hughes. Mr. Justice
Black concurs in the result.
No. 48. Munro L. Lyeth, petitioner, v. James J. Hoey, Collector of
Internal Revenue for the United States for the Second District of the
State of New York. On writ of certiorari to the United States
Circuit Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit. Judgment of the

MONDAY, DECEMBER 5, 1938
75
Circuit Court of Appeals reversed with costs and judgment of the
District Court affirmed, and cause remanded to the District Court of
the United States for the Southern District of New York. Opinion
by Mr. Chief Justice Hughes.
No. 19. Consolidated Edison Company of New York, Inc., and its
affiliated companies, et al., petitioners, v. National Labor Relations
Board et al.; and
No. 25. International Brotherhood of Electrical Workers et al.,
petitioners, v. National Labor Relations Board et al. On writs of
certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the
Second Circuit. Decree of the Circuit Court of Appeals modified
as indicated in the opinion of this Court and as so modified, affirmed,
and cause remanded to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals
for the Second Circuit. Opinion by Mr. Chief Justice Hughes. Sep-
arate opinion by Mr. Justice Butler in which Mr. Justice McReynolds
joins. Opinion by Mr. Justice Reed concurring in part and dissent-
ing in part in which Mr. Justice Black joins.
The Chief Justice announced the following orders of the Court:
No. 463. Sam Berkowitz, appellant, v. People of the State of
Illinois. Appeal from the Supreme Court of the State of Illinois.
Per curiam: The motion of the appellee to dismiss the appeal is
granted and the appeal is dismissed for the want of a properly pre-
sented federal question. Section 237 (a), Judicial Code, as amended
by the Act of February 13, 1925 (43 Stat. 936, 937). Farney v.
Towle, 1 Black 350; Capital City Dairy Co. v. Ohio, 183 U. S. 238,
248; Harding v. Illinois, 196 U. S. 78, 86, 88; Mackesy v. Maine, 305
U. S. (decided November 21, 1938).
-
No. 475. Watch Tower Bible and Tract Society et al., appellants,
v. City of Bristol, Joseph W. Harding, Mayor of the City of Bristol,
et al. Appeal from the District Court of the United States for the
District of Connecticut. Per curiam: The decree is affirmed. In Re
Sawyer, 124 U. S. 200, 210, 211; Fenner v. Boykin, 271 U. S. 240.
The Chief Justice said:
"The other orders of the Court appear upon the list certified by
the Chief Justice and filed with the Clerk and will not be announced
orally."
No. -, original. Ex parte Taylor Seals, petitioner ;
No.
--
'
original. Ex parte T. J. Audette, petitioner;
No. -, original. Ex parte John Konik, petitioner;
No. -, original. Ex parte Jules' A. Newman, petitioner; and

MONDAY, DECEMBER 5, 1938
76
No. -, original. Ex parte Thomas J. Mooney, petitioner. The
motions for leave to file petitions for writs of habeas corpus are
denied.
No., original. Ex parte Wm. P. Deppe, petitioner. The mo-
tion for leave to file petition for writ of mandamus is denied.
No. 465. Robert B. Honeyman, appellant, v. David B. Jacobs and
Mary V. Jacobs. In this case probable jurisdiction is noted.
No. 462. Powers Higginbotham, appellant, v. City of Baton Rouge,
Louisiana. Further consideration of the question of the jurisdiction
of this Court in this case is postponed to the hearing of the case on
the merits.
No. 454. Frances Perkins, Secretary of Labor, et al., petitioners,
v. Marie Elizabeth Elg; and
No. 455. Marie Elizabeth Elg, petitioner, v. Frances Perkins, Sec-
retary of Labor, et al. Petitions for writs of certiorari to the United
States Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia granted.
No. 441. The Electric Storage Battery Co., petitioner, v. Genzo
Shimadzu and Northeastern Engineering Corporation. Petition for
writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for
the Third Circuit granted.
No. 453. United States Trust Company of New York, as Executor,
etc., petitioner, v. Commissioner of Internal Revenue. Petition for
writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for
the Second Circuit granted.
No. 320. Guillermo A. Cu Unjieng, and Mariana Cu Unjieng, peti-
tioners, v. The National City Bank of New York et al. The motion
to consider this application on an abbreviated record is granted.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of the Common-
wealth of the Philippines denied.
No. 427. George K. Garrett Company, Inc., petitioner, v. The Na-
tional Lock Washer Company. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Third Circuit denied.
No. 428. Arkansas Natural Gas Corporation, petitioner, v. James
M. Sartor et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Circuit Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 431. The United States of America, on the relation of Aristides
Garos, petitioner, v. Rudolph Reimer, Commissioner of Immigration.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of
Appeals for the Second Circuit denied.
No. 435. Andre J. Tobani, Johanna Tobani, et al., petitioners, v.
Carl Fischer, Inc. Petitioner for writ of certiorari to the United
States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit denied.

MONDAY, DECEMBER 5, 1938
77
No. 438. Phoenix Finance Corporation, petitioner, v. Iowa-Wis-
consin Bridge Company et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Eighth Circuit denied.
No. 439. Edgar Stanton and Joseph C. Belden, Executors, etc.,
petitioners, v. Commissioner of Internal Revenue. Petition for writ
of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the
Seventh Circuit denied.
No. 440. James Cannon, Junior, petitioner, v. George H. Tinkham.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the District of Columbia denied.
No. 450. Homer Jones, Doing business under the assumed name of
Farmers & Merchants Warehouse Company, petitioner, v. St. Paul
Fire & Marine Insurance Company. Petition for writ of certiorari
to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit
denied.
No. 433. Sarah Anne Newcomb, petitioner, v. The United States
of America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Cir-
cuit Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit denied.
No. 443. Maryland Casualty Company, petitioner, v. The United
States of America, for the use and benefit of Earl L. Harrington, as
Administrator, etc., et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United
States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit denied.
No. 444. Paul J. Simmons, Trading as Paris Import Company, et
al., petitioners, v. James A. Farley, Postmaster General of the
United States. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Circuit Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia denied.
No. 445. George O. Castell, Ancillary Executor, etc., petitioner, v.
The United States of America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit denied.
No. 451. Harry W. Dubiske, petitioner, v. The United States of
America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit
Court of Appeals for the Seventh Circuit denied.
No. 452. The Ohio Casualty Insurance Company, petitioner, v.
Anna M. Marr, Shelby W. Marr, et al. Petition for writ of certi-
orari to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Tenth
Circuit denied.
No. 457. Eric H. Marks, petitioner, v. The United States of Amer-
ica. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court
of Appeals for the Second Circuit denied.
No. 464. Anchor Stove & Range Company, petitioner, v. S. B.
Rymer, C. D. Rymer, et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Sixth Circuit denied.

MONDAY, DECEMBER 5, 1938
78
No. 15. Waialua Agricultural Company, Limited, petitioner, v.
Eliza R. P. Christian et al.;
No. 17. Eliza R. P. Christian, an Incompetent person, etc., peti-
tioner, v. Waialua Agricultural Company, Limited;
No. 31. The Sovereign Camp of the Woodmen of the World, peti-
tioner, v. William F. Bolin et al.;
No. 303. Arthur C. Harvey Company, petitioner, v. The United
States;
No. 376. Wade H. Cooper, petitioner, v. J. F. T. O'Connor et al.;
No. 377. Wade H. Cooper, petitioner, v. J. F. T. O'Connor et al.;
No. 382. Chicago Pneumatic Tool Company, petitioner, v. Hughes
Tool Company;
No. 387. Caroline C. Spalding, petitioner, v. The United States of
America;
No. 388. Silsby M. Spalding, petitioner, v. The United States of
America;
No. 389. Millie Belle Brown, Executrix, etc., petitioner, v. Com-
missioner of Internal Revenue; and
No. 410. Diamond Tank Transport, Inc., et al., appellants, v. The
United States of America et al. Petitions for rehearing denied.
No. , original. Ex parte Thomas J. Mooney, petitioner. Mo-
tion for award of writ of habeas corpus submitted by Mr. John F.
Finerty for the petitioner.
No. 22. The United States of America, petitioner, v. Continental
National Bank and Trust Company, Trustee, etc., et al. Argued by
Mr. J. Louis Monarch for the petitioner and by Mr. Herbert Pope for
the respondents.
No. 169. The United States, petitioner, v. Frederick Pleasants.
Argued by Mr. Paul A. Freund for the petitioner and by Mr. Fred-
erick Schwertner for the respondent.
Adjourned until tomorrow at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Tuesday, December 6, will be as follows: Nos.
222, 104, 113, 130, 252 (253, 254, 255, and 256), 133, 154, 161,
180, and 318.
☑

TUESDAY, DECEMBER 6, 1938
79
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: The Chief Justice, Mr. Justice McReynolds, Mr. Justice
Brandeis, Mr. Justice Butler, Mr. Justice Stone, Mr. Justice Roberts,
Mr. Justice Black, and Mr. Justice Reed.
Herbert B. Cohen, of York, Pa.; Samuel Graff Miller, of Harris-
burg, Pa.; Benjamin R. Coppolo, of Saint Marys, Pa.; Joseph H.
Batt, of Washington, D. C.; John W. Wood, of Washington, D. C.;
Edward Knuff, of Johnstown, Pa.; Donald E. Lane, of Washington,
D. C.; A. Harry Weisman, of Brooklyn, N. Y.; Leonard Way, of
Boise, Idaho; Francis G. Boswell, of Alexandria, Va.; Henry E.
Foley, of Boston, Mass.; Joe Landon Evins, of Smithville, Tenn.;
and John D. Shea, of Detroit, Mich., were admitted to practice.
No. 222. The Washingtonian Publishing Company, Inc., petitioner,
v. Drew Pearson, Robert S. Allen, et al. Argued by Mr. Horace S.
Whitman for the petitioner and by Mr. Eliot C. Lovett for the
respondents.
No. 104. The State of Montana on the relation of the Board of
County Commissioners of Valley County, Montana, petitioner, v.
Archie G. Bruce, County Assessor of Valley County, Montana, et al.
Argument commenced by Mr. Edwin S. Booth, Jr., for the petitioner ;
continued by Mr. John M. Kline and Mr. Enor K. Matson for the
respondents; by Mr. Warner W. Gardner for the United States as
amicus curiae, by special leave of Court; and concluded by Mr. Edwin
S. Booth for the petitioner.
Adjourned until tomorrow at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Wednesday, December 7, will be as follows: Nos.
113, 130, 252 (253, 254, 255, and 256), 133, 154, 161, 180, 318,
244, and 158.
99087-38-28
Х

WEDNESDAY, DECEMBER 7, 1938
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
80
Present: The Chief Justice, Mr. Justice Brandeis, Mr. Justice
Butler, Mr. Justice Stone, Mr. Justice Roberts, Mr. Justice Black,
and Mr. Justice Reed.
Dezara E. LaBelle, of Minneapolis, Minn.; Geoffrey Creyke, Jr., of
Washington, D. C.; Carleton W. Meyer, of New York City; and
Henry Parkman, Jr., of Boston, Mass., were admitted to practice.
No. 104. The State of Montana on the relation of the Board of
County Commissioners of Valley County, Montana, petitioner, v.
Archie G. Bruce, County Assessor of Valley County, Montana, et al.
Argument concluded by Mr. Edwin S. Booth, Sr., for the petitioner.
No. 113. Russell B. Patterson, appellant, v. Stanolind Oil and Gas
Company et al. Argument commenced by Mr. R. J. Roberts for the
appellant. The Court declined to hear further argument.
No. 130. Indianapolis Brewing Company, Inc., appellant, v. The
Liquor Control Commission of the State of Michigan et al. Argu-
ment commenced by Mr. Thomas F. O'Mara for the appellant; con-
tinued by Mr. Raymond W. Starr for the appellees; and concluded
by Mr. Herbert J. Patrick for the appellant. Leave granted appellees
to file a supplemental brief within five days.
No. 252. Joseph S. Finch & Company et al., appellants, v. Roy
McKittrick, Attorney General of the State of Missouri, et al.;
No. 253. Ben Burk, Inc., appellant, v. Roy McKittrick, Attorney
General of the State of Missouri, et al.;
No. 254. Joseph E. Seagram & Sons, Incorporated, et al., appel-
lants, v. Roy McKittrick, Attorney General of the State of Missouri,
et al.;
No. 255. Hinrichs Distilled Products, appellant, v. Roy McKit-
trick, Attorney General of the State of Missouri, et al.; and
No. 256. Arrow Distilleries, Inc., appellant, v. Roy McKittrick,
Attorney General of the State of Missouri, et al. Argued by Mr.
Thomas Kiernan for the appellants and by Mr. Edward H. Miller for
the appellees.
No. 133. The Baltimore and Ohio Railroad Company et al., appel-
lants, v. The United States of America et al. Three hours allowed
for oral argument. Argument commenced by Mr. Edwin H. Burgess
for the appellants.
Adjourned until tomorrow at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Thursday, December 8th, will be as follows: Nos.
133, 154, 161, 180, 318, 244, 182 (and 183), 158, 212, and 213.
99087-38-
✓
-29

THURSDAY, DECEMBER 8, 1938
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
81
Present: The Chief Justice, Mr. Justice McReynolds, Mr. Justice
Brandeis, Mr. Justice Butler, Mr. Justice Roberts, Mr. Justice Stone,
Mr. Justice Black, and Mr. Justice Reed.
Lee D. Seelig, of Kansas City, Mo.; Louis Shneider, of Des Moines,
Iowa; William N. Mullen, of San Francisco, Calif.; Thomas Quentin
Cannon, of Salt Lake City, Utah; and William Roberts, of New York
City, were admitted to practice.
No. 133. The Baltimore and Ohio Railroad Company et al., appel-
lants, v. The United States of America, Interstate Commerce Com-
mission et al. Argument continued by Mr. Edwin H. Burgess for
the appellants; by Mr. J. Stanley Payne for the appellees, The United
States and Interstate Commerce Commission; by Mr. John J. Hickey
for the appellee, The Warehousemen's Protective Committee; by
Mr. A. Lane Cricher for the appellee American Warehousemen's
Association, Merchandise Division; by Mr. Henry E. Foley for the
appellee, Boston Port Authority; and concluded by Mr. Edwin H.
Burgess for the appellants.
No. 154. The United States of America, petitioner, v. Kathleen
McClure, as Administratrix, etc. Argued by Mr. Julius C. Martin
for the petitioner and by Mr. Graham K. Betts for the respondent.
No. 161. Ernest K. James individually and in his official capacity
as Acting Tax Commissioner for the State of West Virginia, appel-
lant, v. United Artists Corporation. Ernest K. James, individually,
and in his official capacity as Tax Commissioner for the State of
West Virginia substituted in the place and stead of Ernest K. James,
individually and in his official capacity as Acting Tax Commissioner
for the State of West Virginia on motion of Mr. Clarence W.
Meadows in that behalf.
No. 161. Ernest K. James, individually and in his official capacity
as Tax Commissioner for the State of West Virginia, appellant, v.
United Artists Corporation. Argument commenced by Mr. Clarence
W. Meadows for the appellant.
Adjourned until tomorrow at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Friday, December 9th, will be as follows: Nos.
161, 180 (and 318), 244, 158, 212, 213, 302, 182 (and 183), 210,
and 127.
99087-38-30
☑

FRIDAY, DECEMBER 9, 1938
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
82
Present: The Chief Justice, Mr. Justice McReynolds, Mr. Justice
Brandeis, Mr. Justice Butler, Mr. Justice Stone, Mr. Justice Roberts,
Mr. Justice Black, and Mr. Justice Reed.
Louis H. Phillips, of Los Angeles, Calif.; Juan R. Quijano, of
Washington, D. C.; Eugenio M. Fonbuena, of Washington, D. C.;
Frank Reiss, of New York City; and Charles W. Proctor, of Wash-
ington, D. C., were admitted to practice.
No. 161. Ernest K. James, Individually and in his official capacity
as Tax Commissioner for the State of West Virginia, appellant, v.
United Artists Corporation. Argument continued by Mr. Clar-
ence W. Meadows for the appellant, by Mr. Robert G. Kelly for the
appellee, and concluded by Mr. Clarence W. Meadows for the
appellant.
No. 180. Guy T. Helvering, Commissioner of Internal Revenue,
petitioner, v. Donald H. Owens et al.; and
No. 318. Amedeo Obici et al., petitioners, v. Guy T. Helvering,
Commissioner of Internal Revenue. Argued by Mr. Norman D.
Keller for Helvering, Commissioner of Internal Revenue, and by Mr.
Ewing Everett for the respondents in No. 180 and the petitioners in
No. 318.
No. 244. Chippewa Indians of Minnesota, appellant, v. The United
States. Argument commenced by Mr. Webster Ballinger for the
appellant and continued by Mr. Raymond T. Nagle for the appellee.
Adjourned until Monday next at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Monday, December 12, will be as follows: Nos.
244, 158, 212, 213, 302, 210, 182 (and 183), 127, 189, and 195.
Х
99087-38-31

MONDAY, DECEMBER 12, 1938
83
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: The Chief Justice, Mr. Justice McReynolds, Mr. Justice
Brandeis, Mr. Justice Butler, Mr. Justice Stone, Mr. Justice Black,
and Mr. Justice Reed.
Travis Williams, of Russellville, Ala.; Orland S. Loomis, of Madi-
son, Wis.; Thomas F. Callahan, of Washington, D. C.; Charles P.
Reilly, of Washington, D. C.; Estes Kefauver, of Chattanooga,
Tenn.; Mark Webster Reed, of Los Angeles, Calif.; Robert G. Harris,
of Detroit, Mich.; John H. Wahl, of Orlando, Fla.; Thos. B. Pryor,
Jr., of Fort Smith, Ark.; Allen M. Burdett, of Washington, D. C.;
John A. Dundas, of Los Angeles, Calif.; James R. McDougall, of
Phoenix, Ariz.; Bolling R. Powell, Jr., of Birmingham, Ala.; Francis
H. Hare, of Birmingham, Ala.; William J. MacInnis, of Gloucester,
Mass.; Jack H. Linscott, of Washington, D. C.; Robert E. Stromberg,
of Washington, D. C.; and James J. Arditto, of San Francisco, Calif.,
were admitted to practice.
No. 57. State of Missouri, at the relation of Lloyd Gaines, peti-
tioner, v. S. W. Canada, Registrar of the University of Missouri and
the Curators of the University of Missouri. On writ of certiorari to
the Supreme Court of the State of Missouri. Judgment reversed
with costs and cause remanded to the said Supreme Court for further
proceedings not inconsistent with the opinion of this Court. Opinion
by Mr. Chief Justice Hughes. Separate opinion by Mr. Justice Mc-
Reynolds in which Mr. Justice Butler concurs.
-
No. , original. Ex parte Century Indemnity Company, peti-
tioner. On motion for leave to file petition for writ of mandamus.
The rule to show cause herein is discharged and the motion for leave
to file petition for writ of mandamus is denied. Opinion, per
curiam, announced by Mr. Chief Justice Hughes.
The Chief Justice said:
"The other orders of the Court appear upon the list certified by
the Chief Justice and filed with the clerk and will not be announced
orally."
No. -, original. Ex parte Thomas J. Mooney, petitioner. The
motion for award of writ of habeas corpus is denied.
99087-38-32

MONDAY, DECEMBER 12, 1938
84
No. 3. The Schriber-Schroth Company, petitioner, v. The Cleve-
land Trust Company, Chrysler Corporation;
No. 4. The Aberdeen Motor Supply Company, petitioner v. The
Cleveland Trust Company, Chrysler Corporation; and
No. 5. The F. E. Rowe Sales Company, petitioner, v. The Cleve-
land Trust Company, Chrysler Corporation. Ordered that in each
of these cases the following direction be added to the judgment:
"On the remand the Court of Appeals will be free to consider
whether the amendments to the Gulick application rendered void
the patent issued upon it, and to consider all questions affecting
the validity and infringement of the claims in suit of the Gulick
and Maynard patents, but without including web flexibility or
laterally flexible webs as an element in the combinations patented
by them."
Ordered that the second sentence on page 1 of the opinion of this
Court in this cause be amended to read:
"Respondent, the Cleveland Trust Company, is the assignee in
trust of some eighty patents relating to pistons of the type em-
ployed in internal combustion engines for automobiles, under a
pooling agreement to which an automobile manufacturer and a
number of manufacturers of pistons are parties."
And that the last sentence in the first full paragraph of page 4 of
the opinion be amended to read:
"Reference to a combination including, with other elements, web
connections, 'whereby said piston skirt is rendered yieldable dur-
ing operation in response to cylinder wall pressure,' appears in
Claim 18."
It is further ordered that respondent's motion to modify the judg-
ments and the opinion be in all other respects denied, and that the
petition for rehearing be denied.
No. 460. I. W. Lane, petitioner, v. Jess Wilson, John Moss, et al.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of
Appeals for the Tenth Circuit granted.
No. 430. Martin E. Geibel and Charles R. Morfoot, petitioner, v.
State Bar of California. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
Supreme Court of the State of California denied.
No. 446. National Labor Relations Board, petitioner, v. Penin-
sular & Occidental Steamship Company. Petition for writ of cer-
tiorari to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Fifth
Circuit denied.
No. 458. Theodore Krumm, petitioner, v. Oscar Birkhofer, Laura
Birkhofer, et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the District Court
of Appeal, 4th Appellate District, State of California, denied.

MONDAY, DECEMBER 12, 1938
95
85
No. 459. Henry E. Gumbel, petitioner, v. New Orleans Terminal
Company. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of
the State of Louisiana denied.
No. 461. The Chemical Foundation, Incorporated, petitioner, v.
General Aniline Works, Inc. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Third Circuit denied.
No. 468. Elmer E. Siegel, petitioner, v. Missouri-Kansas-Texas
Railroad Company. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme
Court of the State of Missouri denied.
No. 2. Kellogg Company, petitioner, v. National Biscuit Com-
pany;
No. 56. Kellogg Company, petitioner, v. National Biscuit Com-
pany;
No. 53. Roy G. Harris and Benjamin F. J. Odell, petitioners, v.
Avery Brundage Company et al.;
No. 371. George W. Helme Company, petitioner, v. The United
States;
No. 390. Laura Miller Boyer, Administratrix, etc., petitioner, v.
Standish Backus, Henry E. Candler, et al.;
No. 407. Samuel Ross Morgan and Monroe B. Morgan, petitioners,
v. The United States of America; and
No. 408. John M. Harvey and Lena F. Harvey, petitioners, v. The
Federal Land Bank of Springfield, Massachusetts, et al. Petitions
for rehearing denied.
ORDER
The Court will take a recess from Monday, December 19th, until
Tuesday, January 3rd, 1939.
No. 11, original, October Term, 1934. State of New Jersey, com-
plainant, v. State of Delaware. Motion for leave to file a second
petition for rehearing submitted by Mr. Duane E. Minard for the
complainant.
-
No. In the matter of the disbarment of W. A. Denson. Return
to rule to show cause presented.
No. 23. Hiram Steelman, Trustee in Bankruptcy of William Fox,
Bankrupt, petitioner, v. All Continent Corporation and Eva Fox.
On writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals
for the Third Circuit. Writ of certiorari dismissed with costs on
motion of counsel for the petitioner.

MONDAY, DECEMBER 12, 1938
86
No. 189. Mrs. Zillah Lyon, petitioner, v. Mutual Benefit Health
and Accident Association. Submitted by Mr. John W. Nance for the
petitioner and by Mr. Thomas B. Pryor and Mr. Thomas B. Pryor,
Jr., for the respondent.
No. 244. Chippewa Indians of Minnesota, appellant, v. The United
States. Argument concluded by Mr. Raymond T. Nagle for the
appellee.
No. 158. Pacific Employers Insurance Company, petitioner, v. In-
dustrial Accident Commission of the State of California et al.
Argued by Mr. W. N. Mullen for the petitioner; by Mr. F. J. Creede
for the respondent, Kenneth Tator and by Mr. Everett A. Corten for
the respondent, Industrial Accident Commission of the State of Cali-
fornia.
No. 212. Southern Pacific Company, appellant, v. John C. Corbett
et al., as members of the State Board of Equalization of the State of
California et al. Andrew J. Gallagher, a member of the State Board
of Equalization of the State of California substituted as a party
appellee in the place and stead of John C. Corbett, deceased, on
motion of Mr. Harry H. McElroy in that behalf.
No. 212. Southern Pacific Company, appellant, v. Andrew J.
Gallagher et al., as members of the State Board of Equalization of
the State of California et al. Argued by Mr. Harry H. McElroy
for the appellant and by Mr. H. H. Linney for the appellees.
No. 213. The Pacific Telephone and Telegraph Company, appel-
lant, v. John C. Corbett, et al., as members of the State Board of
Equalization of the State of California. Andrew J. Gallagher, a
member of the State Board of Equalization of the State of California,
substituted as a party appellee in the place and stead of John C.
Corbett, deceased, on motion of Mr. Francis N. Marshall in that
behalf.
No. 213. The Pacific Telephone and Telegraph Company, appel-
lant, v. Andrew J. Gallagher et al., as members of the State Board
of Equalization of the State of California et al. Argument com-
menced by Mr. Francis N. Marshall for the appellant.
Adjourned until tomorrow at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Tuesday, December 13, will be as follows: Nos. 213,
302, 210, 182 (and 183), 127, 195, 203, 231, 245 (246 and 247),
and 260.
☑

TUESDAY, DECEMBER 13, 1938
87
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: The Chief Justice, Mr. Justice McReynolds, Mr. Justice
Brandeis, Mr. Justice Butler, Mr. Justice Stone, Mr. Justice Black,
and Mr. Justice Reed.
Leonard C. Fons, of Milwaukee, Wis.; and Marshall P. Madison, of
San Francisco, Calif., were admitted to practice.
No. 1. General Talking Pictures Corporation, petitioner, v. Western
Electric Company, Inc., et al. Time within which to file petition for
rehearing extended to December 30th, 1938, and mandate stayed on
motion of Mr. Samuel E. Darby, Jr., for the petitioner.
No. 213. The Pacific Telephone and Telegraph Company, appellant,
D. Andrew J. Gallagher et al., as Members of the State Board of
Equalization of the State of California. Argument continued by
Mr. Francis N. Marshall for the appellant and concluded by Mr.
H. H. Linney for the appellees.
No. 302. Felt and Tarrant Manufacturing Co., appellant, v. John
C. Corbett, Fred E. Stewart, et al., etc. Andrew J. Gallagher, a
member of the State Board of Equalization of the State of California,
substituted as a party appellee in the place and stead of John C.
Corbett, deceased, on motion of Mr. A. Calder Mackay in that behalf.
No. 302. Felt and Tarrant Manufacturing Co., appellant, v.
Andrew J. Gallagher, Fred E. Stewart, et al., etc. Argued by Mr.
A. Calder Mackay for the appellant and by Mr. James J. Arditto
for the appellees.
No. 210. The Pullman Company, H. J. Hatch, et al., petitioners, v.
Mrs. Garnett V. Jenkins et al. Argument commenced by Mr. Robert
Brennan for the petitioners; continued by Mr. M. W. Reed for the
petitioners; and by Mr. L. H. Phillips for the respondents.
Adojurned until tomorrow at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Wednesday, December 14th, will be as follows:
Nos. 210, 182 (and 183), 127, 195, 203, 231, 245 (246 and 247),
260, 295, and 328.
☑
99087-38-33

WEDNESDAY, DECEMBER 14, 1938
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
88
Present: The Chief Justice, Mr. Justice McReynolds, Mr. Justice
Brandeis, Mr. Justice Butler, Mr. Justice Stone, Mr. Justice Black,
and Mr. Justice Reed.
Phil L. Rodier, of New York City; Harry G. Grover, of New York
City; Angelo Joseph Zerbarini, of New York City; Frank J. Stich,
of New Orleans, La.; Joseph E. Dickinson, of Pittsburgh, Pa.; Ed-
ward Ferris McKay, of Oklahoma City, Okla.; Robert G. Reed, of
Chicago, Ill.; Joseph M. Nugent, of New York City; Carl Marx, of
Chicago, Ill.; Edward J. Michel, of Washington, D. C.; and Homer
D. Dines, of Chicago, Ill., were admitted to practice.
No. 210. The Pullman Company, H. J. Hatch, et al., petitioners,
v. Mrs. Garnett V. Jenkins et al. Argument concluded by Mr. L. H.
Phillips for the respondents.
No. 182. Ford Motor Company, petitioner, v. National Labor
Relations Board; and
No. 183. Ford Motor Company, petitioner, v. National Labor
Relations Board. Argued by Mr. Alfred McCormack for the peti-
tioner and by Mr. Charles Fahy for the respondent.
No. 127. Mackay Radio and Telegraph Company, Inc., petitioner,
v. Radio Corporation of America. Argument commenced by Mr.
Samuel D. Darby for the petitioner and continued by Mr. Jo. Baily
Brown for the respondent.
Adjourned until tomorrow at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Thursday, December 15, will be as follows: Nos.
127, 195, 203, 231, 245 (246 and 247), 260, 295, 328, and 385.
99087-38-34

THURSDAY, DECEMBER 15, 1938
89
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: The Chief Justice, Mr. Justice McReynolds, Mr. Justice
Brandeis, Mr. Justice Butler, Mr. Justice Stone, Mr. Justice Black,
and Mr. Justice Reed.
Guy B. Hazelgrove, of Richmond, Va.; Frank T. Powers, of Lewis-
ton, Me.; Ralph T. Catterall, of Richmond, Va.; Edwina V. A.
Avery, of Washington, D. C.; Ira Howell Ellis, of Indianapolis,
Ind.; Milo R. Kniffen, of Cobleskill, N. Y.; Herbert E. Rosenberg, of
New York City; Sidney Wm. Wattenberg, of New York City; Pedro
M. Porrata, of Ponce, P. R.; Irwin E. Friedman, of Bridgeport,
Conn.; and W. Frank Gladney, of Baton Rouge, La., were admitted
to practice.
No. 127. Mackay Radio and Telegraph Company, Inc., petitioner,
v. Radio Corporation of America. Argument continued by Mr. Jo.
Baily Brown for the respondent and concluded by Mr. Samuel E.
Darby, Jr., for the petitioner.
No. 195. Socony-Vacuum Oil Company, Inc., petitioner, v. Herbert
A. Smith, Jr. Argued by Mr. Louis Mead Treadwell for the peti-
tioner and by Mr. George J. Engelman for the respondent. Leave
granted to petitioner to file additional brief by Tuesday next and to
respondent to reply thereto within two days thereafter.
No. 203. J. Bacon & Sons, appellant, v. James W. Martin, Indi-
vidually, etc. Argument commenced by Mr. Charles I. Dawson for
the appellant. The Court declined to hear further argument.
No. 231. The Alton Railroad Company, appellant, v. Illinois Com-
merce Commission et al. Argument commenced by Mr. Frank H.
Towner for the appellant.
Adjourned until tomorrow at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Friday, December 16, will be as follows: Nos. 231,
245 (246 and 247), 260, and 295.
99087-38-35
☑

FRIDAY, DECEMBER 16, 1938
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
90
Present: The Chief Justice, Mr. Justice Brandeis, Mr. Justice
Butler, Mr. Justice Stone, Mr. Justice Black, and Mr. Justice Reed.
Walter Burrell Gleason, of Portland, Oreg.; T. Grady Head, of At-
lanta, Ga.; Broadus Brown Zellars, of Hartwell, Ga.; Willis H. Taylor,
Jr., of New York City; Noble Edward Bowlby, of Atlanta, Ga.; Wil-
liam Poole, of Wilmington, Del.; Lelia Boyce, of Allegan, Mich.;
John F. Maney, of Alexandria, Va.; Joseph A. F. Freda, of Newark,
N. J.; Samuel B. Smith, of White Plains, N. Y.; Frank S. Misterly,
of Darien, Conn.; and Edward M. Flaherty, of New Castle, Pa., were
admitted to practice.
No. 231. The Alton Railroad Company, appellant, v. Illinois Com-
merce Commission et al. Argument continued by Mr. Frank H.
Towner for the appellant and concluded by Mr. Harry R. Booth for
the appellees.
No. 245. The United States, petitioner, v. The Algoma Lumber
Company;
No. 246. The United States, petitioner, v. Forest Lumber Com-
pany; and
No. 247. The United States, petitioner, v. Lamm Lumber Company.
Argument commenced by Mr. Paul A. Sweeney for the petitioner ;
continued by Mr. Carl D. Matz for the respondents in Nos. 245 and
246; by Mr. Ralph H. Case for the respondent in No. 247; by Mr.
William S. Bennet for the respondents in Nos. 245 and 246; and
concluded by Mr. Paul A. Sweeney for the petitioner.
No. 260. Dixie Ohio Express Company, appellant, v. State Rev-
enue Commission of Georgia et al. Argument commenced by Mr.
Allan Watkins for the appellant, continued by Mr. O. H. Dukes for
the appellees, and concluded by Mr. Edgar Watkins for the appellant.
Adjourned until Monday, December 19th, at 12 o'clock.
99087-38-36
☑

MONDAY, DECEMBER 19, 1938
91
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: The Chief Justice, Mr. Justice Brandeis, Mr. Justice
Butler, Mr. Justice Stone, Mr. Justice Roberts, Mr. Justice Black,,
and Mr. Justice Reed.
Key Pittman, of Tonopah, Nev.; Terrell Marshall, of Little Rock,
Ark.; Leon Gerofsky, of Somerville, N. J.; and Jack K. McFall, of
Chevy Chase, Md., were admitted to practice.
Mr. Attorney General Cummings addressed the Court as follows:
May it please the Court:
The members of the Bar of this Court on November 26, 1938, met
in this room to express their sorrow at the death of Mr. Justice
Cardozo. At that meeting moving tributes were paid to his memory;
and the following resolutions were adopted:
The members of the Bar assembled in the Supreme Court
House on Saturday, the 26th day of November, 1938, speak for
the legal profession of the country in expressing their sorrow at
the untimely death of Mr. Justice Cardozo, and resolve to keep in
vivid memory the preeminent judicial labors of the Justice as
well as the rare qualities of mind and character of which his
achievements were the fruit. A formal memorial cannot convey
the depth and elevation of his mind, nor catch adequate glimpses
of his spiritual qualities. Only the barest outline of his career
and of its significance can be attempted.
Benjamin Nathan Cardozo was born in New York City on
May 24, 1870, and died at the house of his intimate friend, Judge
Irving Lehman, in Port Chester, New York, on July 9, 1938.
He was the younger son of Albert and Rebecca Nathan Cardozo,
both of whom were descended from Sephardic Jews who had
been connected with the Spanish and Portuguese Synagogue in
New York from before the Revolution. His precocity was re-
vealed early, but his was the precocity of accelerated maturity.
He graduated from Columbia College at the age of nineteen,
taking his master's degree at the same college in the following
year. He then attended the Law School of Columbia University
for two years, and was admitted to the New York Bar in 1891.
For twenty-two years he pursued what was essentially the calling
99087-38-37

MONDAY, DECEMBER 19, 1938
92
of a barrister, unknown to the general public but quickly at-
taining the universal esteem of the Bar and Bench of New York.
He paid the debt which every lawyer owes to his profession, not
merely by proving in daily practice that law is a learned pro-
fession but also by his illuminating book, "The Jurisdiction of
the New York Court of Appeals."
His election, in 1913, to the Supreme Court of New York
was a striking manifestation of the democratic process. He
was not destined to enjoy experience at nisi prius for which he
was eager. Just as he was a lawyers' lawyer, so at once he be-
came a judges' judge.
At the request of the Court of Appeals Governor Glynn
promptly designated him to serve as a temporary member of
that Court, and in 1917, Governor Whitman appointed Judge
Cardozo to a vacancy in one of the permanent places on the
Court. In the autumn of that year he was selected by both
parties for the full term of fourteen years, and in the autumn
of 1927 became, with universal acclaim, the Chief Judge of that
great Court. For eighteen years his learning, conveyed with
great felicity, gave unusual distinction to the New York Re-
ports, and exerted a dominant influence in making his court
the second most distinguished tribunal in the land. In addi-
tion his philosophic temper expressed itself, more systematically
than legal opinions permit, in four volumes, slender in size but
full of imaginative insight, upon the relations of law to life.
These are: The Nature of the Judicial Process, The Growth of
the Law, The Paradoxes of Legal Science, and Law and Litera-
ture.
The New York Court of Appeals, with its wide range of pre-
dominantly common law litigation, was most congenial for Judge
Cardozo. No judge in our time was more deeply versed in the
history of the common law, nor more resourceful in applying the
living principles by which it has unfolded. His mastery of the
common law was matched by his love for it. It was, therefore,
a severe wrench for him to be taken from Albany to Washing-
ton. Probably no man ever ascended the Supreme Bench so
reluctantly. But, when Mr. Justice Holmes resigned in 1932,
President Hoover's nomination of Chief Judge Cardozo was in
the nature of a national call. In selecting him, President
Hoover reflected the informed sentiment of the country that, of
all judges and lawyers, Chief Judge Cardozo was most worthy
to succeed Mr. Justice Holmes.
It was a grievous loss to the Court and the nation that fate
should have granted him less than six full terms on the Supreme

MONDAY, DECEMBER 19, 1938
93
Bench. That in so short a time he was able to leave so enduring
an impress on the constitutional history of the United States is
a measure of his greatness. To say that Mr. Justice Cardozo has
joined the Court's roll of great men is to anticipate the assured
verdict of history. His juridical immortality is not due to the
great causes that came before the Court during his membership;
it is attributable to his own genius. With astonishing rapidity
he made the adjustment from preoccupation with the restricted,
however novel, problems of private litigation to the most exacting
demands of judicial statesmanship. Massive learning, wide cul-
ture, critical detachment, intellectual courage, and exquisite dis-
interestedness combined to reinforce native humility and imagi-
nation, and gave him in rare measure, those qualities which are
the special requisites for the work of the Court in whose keeping
lies the destiny of a great nation.
It is accordingly resolved that we express our profound sorrow
at the untimely passing of Mr. Justice Cardozo, and our gratitude
for the contributions of his life and labors, the significance of
which will endure so long as the record of a consecrated spirit
has power to move the lives of men, and Law will continue to be
the ruling authority of our nation.
It is further resolved that the Attorney General be asked to
present these resolutions to the Court, and to request that they be
inscribed upon its permanent records.
It is my privilege to present these resolutions and to ask that
they be entered in the permanent records of this Court.
In discussing the judicial work of Mr. Justice Cardozo, I speak,
however haltingly, for the bar of the nation; I feel that in a meas-
ure I speak also for the nation itself. A great judge leaves his mark
not only on the law which he serves but also on the life of the people.
Not until future generations of scholars have traced the course of the
law in its constant search for justice will the full scope of his great
service be revealed. But we can today with all certainty say that
he opened ways along which a free people may confidently tread.
For eighteen years Judge Cardozo sat on the Court of Appeals of
New York State. It was an eminent court when he came to it;
when he left it was the greatest common law court in the land.
Throughout this long period, as its members have been quick to say,
the court drew heavily upon the inexhaustible learning, the clarity
of analysis, and the boldness of thought of their gentle brother. The
peculiar influence of Cardozo, however, spread far beyond the con-
ference room. To lawyers and to courts his opinions were more than
a record of the judgment. They spoke with the majestic authority

MONDAY, DECEMBER 19, 1938
94
of an analysis which reached to the bed rock of the learning of the
I past and yet was attuned to the needs of the living. And always
the opinions spoke in tones of rare beauty. They might deal with
things prosaic, but the language, lambent and rich, was that of a
poet.
Opinions in the New York court are assigned by rotation, yet
during the years of his service there an exceptionally large number
of its great opinions were those of Judge Cardozo. There were few
branches of the law that were not quickened by his touch. Signifi-
cantly, his most notable contributions to the common law are found
in fields which had long before settled into fixed forms. No other
judge of his time was so deft in weaving the precedents of centuries
into a new shape to govern a new society. This is the heart of the
common law process, but only a master can fashion a new rule and
yet preserve the essential truth of the older decisions.
To Judge Cardozo the law was meant to serve and not to rule
the institutions which it sheltered. No one saw more clearly than
he that the imperfect rules of today may stir equities that become
the law of tomorrow. In the law of torts, one need only mention
on the one side MacPherson v. The Buick Company, where the law
as to negligent manufacture was at last brought abreast of modern
methods of distribution, and, on the other side, the Palsgraf case,²
where the notion of "negligence in the air" received its classic casti-
gation. The impact of Judge Cardozo on contract law is typified
by the Duff-Gordon case,³ where a contract was enforced because the
obligations although not express were fairly to be implied. "The
law," he said, "has outgrown its primitive stage of formalism when
the precise word was the sovereign talisman, and every slip was
fatal." Minor and unintentional defaults in a complicated construc-
tion contract, Judge Cardozo held in another case, are not to be
subjected to a syllogistic rule whose premises are found in the far
simpler contracts of another age. There must be no sacrifice of jus-
tice, the opinion reads, whatever may be the doubts of "those who
think more of symmetry and logic in the development of legal rules
than of practical adaptation to the attainment of a just
result * * * "
Throughout these opinions one traces their animating current, the
one passion of this gentle and retiring man, that the courts should
never fail to use the law to promote justice. While few judges have
been so ready to adapt the law to the changing organization of the
business world, he steadfastly refused to sanction any relaxation
in the morals of the market place. It is likely that most real estate
1 MacPherson v. The Buick Motor Co., 217 N. Y. 382.
2 Palsgraf v. Long Island Railroad Co., 248 N. Y. 339.
3 Wood v. Duff-Gordon, 222 N. Y. 88, 91.
4 Jacob & Youngs v. Kent, 230 N. Y. 239, 242.

MONDAY, DECEMBER 19, 1938
95
operators would not consider that their duty to their joint venturers
extended so far as to share the opportunity to start anew at the con-
clusion of the venture. But, in the case of Meinhard, Chief Judge
Cardozo refused to sanction even so slight a deviation from “an
honor the most sensitive." As he writes, the ease of the philosopher
changes into the inner fire of the prophet. "Uncompromising rigid-
ity has been the attitude of courts of equity when petitioned to under-
mine the rule of undivided loyalty by the 'disintegrating erosion' of
particular exceptions * *. Only thus has the level of conduct
for fiduciaries been kept at a level higher than that trodden by the
crowd. It will not consciously be lowered by any judgment of this
court."
*
In 1932 Chief Judge Cardozo was at the head of the foremost com-
mon law court of the land. His court was but rarely forced to
plunge into the elusive statesmanship of constitutional law; it was
a court of legal craftsmen. He was warmed by the deep friendship
of his colleagues. Neither he nor any student of the common law
could have wanted more than that he fill out his days in such a fruit-
ful serenity.
But in that year Justice Holmes resigned. For thirty years, he
had enriched the work of this great Court and, by the same token,
the legal thought of the Nation. To succeed Justice Holmes there
could be but one man. President Hoover spoke for the whole people
when he offered the nomination to Chief Judge Cardozo. With
reluctance, and through a selfless obedience to the higher duty, Judge
Cardozo accepted the call and took his seat on this Court on March
14, 1932.
His first opinion for the Court appears in the 286th volume and
his last opinion in the 302nd volume of the reports. The span is
tragically short. But in these brief years Justice Cardozo has no-
tably enriched the history of jurisprudence. To this Court he
brought his deep learning in the law and to the solution of its vexing
problems he lent a tolerance and a generous understanding which
have rarely been equalled.
He made the transition from New York to this Court with an ease
which seemed effortless. The large questions of constitutional law,
the unexplored vistas of administrative law, and the complexities of
federal taxation, were each beyond the ordinary range of litigation
in the Court of Appeals. Yet, from the very beginning, his touch
was as sure and his vision as far-ranging as it had been in the familiar
rooms at Albany.
5 Meinhard v. Salmon, 249 N. Y. 458, 464.
6 In these six years, Mr. Justice Cardozo wrote 128 majority opinions, 2 concurring
opinions and 24 dissenting opinions; in addition, he collaborated in 7 concurring and
10 dissenting opinions.

7
MONDAY, DECEMBER 19, 1938
96
To the specialized fields which provide much of the work of this
Court, Mr. Justice Cardozo brought rare skill with the technical tools
of the lawyer and an insistent belief that the law failed when it offered.
reward to chicanery or greed. A complicated question of tax limita-
tion was solved by "the principle that no one shall be permitted
to found any claim upon his own inequity or take advantage of his
own wrong." He differed with the majority of this Court in the
Securities and Exchange Commission case,³ perhaps less because of
his analysis of the statute than for fear that it would “become the
sport of clever knaves." If the registration procedure is not to
"invite the cunning and unscrupulous to gamble with detection," he
continued, "when wrongs such as these have been committed or at-
tempted, they must be dragged to light and pilloried."
But it is in the larger reaches of public law that the broad vision
of Mr. Justice Cardozo found full scope. The commentators may
dispute as to whether the judge who decides these questions must be
more the statesman or the lawyer. But none has doubted that Mr.
Justice Cardozo was rarely gifted with both qualities.
*
The novel problems presented by administrative law received from
him a sympathetic and discerning treatment. He never forgot that
administrative agencies were born of a need for developing a technique
which differed from judicial litigation. He has written, for the Court,
that "the structure of a rate schedule calls in peculiar measure for the
use of that enlightened judgment which the Commission by training
and experience is qualified to form. **It is not the province
of a court to absorb this function to itself." He saw, too, that these
agencies act in a field where substantial accuracy is immeasurably
preferable to the complete frustration which would result were an
absolute precision sought. The Interstate Commerce Commission,
faced with the task of valuing railroads, he said, may recognize that
"in any work so vast and intricate, what is to be looked for is not abso-
lute accuracy, but an accuracy that will mark an advance upon
previous uncertainty." 10 For him the respect to be paid the findings
of the administrative tribunal was an imperative rule of decision, not
to be satisfied by a verbal recognition. He has placed a decision of
the Court on the ground that the lower court, "though professing
adherence to this mandate, honored it, we think, with lip service
only." 11
The same quality appears when he considers the validity of state
legislation. There could be no tolerance for state regulation which,
7 Stearns Co. v. United States, 291 U. S. 54, 61-62.
8 Jones v. Securities and Exchange Commission, 298 U. S. 1, 32.
⁹ Miss. Valley Barge Co. v. United States, 292 U. S. 282, 286.
10 I. C. C. v. New York, N. H. & H. R. Co., 287 U. S. 178, 205.
11 Fed. Trade Com'n v. Algoma Co., 291 U. S. 67, 73.

MONDAY, DECEMBER 19, 1938
97
as he said in the Seelig case, 12 by setting "a barrier to traffic between
one state and another," "would neutralize the economic consequences
of free trade among the states." But, so long as the state action con-
tained no threat to national solidarity, it could not properly, Mr.
Justice Cardozo felt, be nullified by this Court unless the Constitution
spoke to the contrary with unmistakable clarity. When this Court
held invalid a state sales tax, graduated according to volume, in the
Stewart Dry Goods case, 13 Mr. Justice Cardozo entered eloquent pro-
test. The legislation, he said, was "a pursuit of legitimate ends by
methods honestly conceived and rationally chosen. More will not be
asked by those who have learned from experience and history that
government is at best a makeshift, that the attainment of one good
may involve the sacrifice of others, and that compromise will be inevi-
table until the coming of Utopia."
Few men have, with such whole-hearted humility, practiced that
tolerance for human experimentation which many feel must be the
hall-mark of a great constitutional jurist. But none knew better than
Mr. Justice Cardozo that, when the question was one of personal
liberty rather than the economic judgment of the legislature, vigi-
lance rather than obeisance must be the order of decision. Of free-
dom of thought and speech, he wrote in one of his last opinions for
the Court, 14 "one may say that it is the matrix, the indispensable con-
dition, of nearly every other form of freedom." He has elsewhere
said: 15 "Only in one field is compromise to be excluded, or kept
within the narrowest limits. There shall be no compromise of the
freedom to think one's thoughts and speak them, except at those
extreme borders where thought merges into action." And then fol-
low these majestic words: "We may not squander the thought that
will be the inheritance of the ages."
Perhaps the most nearly ultimate field upon which a Justice of this
Court must venture is that of measuring the Acts of the Congress
against the requirements of the Constitution. Mr. Justice Cardozo
sat during six of the most momentous years in the history of this
Court. Throughout these years the familiar rules which forbid the
Court from passing judgment on the wisdom of the Congress were to
him not aphorisms but burning truths. He found, in his own
words, 16 a "salutary rule of caution" in that "wise and ancient doc-
trine that a court will not adjudge the invalidity of a statute except
for manifest necessity. Every reasonable doubt must have been
explored and extinguished before moving to that grave conclusion."
12 Baldwin v. G. A. F. Seelig, 294 U. S. 511, 521, 526.
13 Stewart Dry Goods Co. v. Lewis, 294 U. S. 550, 577.
14 Palko v. Connecticut, 302 U. S. 319, 327.
15 Mr. Justice Holmes, 44 Harv. Law Rev. 682, 688.
16 Dissenting in United States v. Constantine, 296 U. S. 287, 299.

MONDAY, DECEMBER 19, 1938
98
Mr. Justice Cardozo viewed the Constitution as directed to the great
end of preserving a democratic government for a free people. This
high purpose is defeated if the courts view the Constitution as dictat-
ing choice, as he has stated it, in "a situation where thoughtful and
honest men might see their duty differently." 17 His consistent defer-
ence to the judgment of the legislature came not merely from the
humility of his nature. It arose also from his profound conviction
that, as he put it, 18 "one kind of liberty may cancel and destroy an-
other," and that "many an appeal to freedom is the masquerade of
privilege or inequality seeking to entrench itself behind the catch-
word of a principle." Thus, where an industry was so glutted by
ruthless overproduction that its survival was threatened, Mr. Justice
Cardozo saw nothing in the Constitution which forbade the Congress
to act, for, as he said in the Carter case, 19 "The liberty protected by
the Fifth Amendment does not include the right to persist in
* * * anarchic riot."
Mr. Justice Cardozo found no constitutional barrier to prevent the
enactment of legislation which was compelled by the urgent needs
of an ever changing society. "The Constitution of the United
States," he wrote in his dissent in the Panama Refining case, 20 "is
not a code of civil practice." The commerce power, he has said, "is
as broad as the need that evokes it." 21 The basic constitutional doc-
trine of separation of powers was for him not "a doctrinaire con-
cept to be made use of with pedantic rigor. There must be sensible
approximation, there must be elasticity of adjustment, in response to
the practical necessities of government, which cannot foresee today
the developments of tomorrow in their nearly infinite variety.” 22
Thus far I have spoken of our friend as a lawyer and a judge.
This imperfect tribute leaves untouched the far reaches of his mind
and character. I have not trusted myself to speak of these things.
They are so intimate and so beautiful that they quite transcend the
limits of our common speech. It is better, I think, to rest upon the
words of Justice Holmes who, in tenderness and affection, said that
Judge Cardozo was "a great and beautiful spirit.” 23
It was eminently fitting that Mr. Justice Cardozo should have
been chosen to deliver the opinion of the Court in the Social Security
cases. The governmental process must have seemed noblest to him
when it was directed to the relief of the aged, the infirm, and the
17 Mayflower Farms, Inc., v. Ten Eyck, 297 U. S. 266, 276.
18 Mr. Justice Holmes, 44 Harv. Law Rev. 682, 687–688.
19 Dissenting in Carter v. Carter Coal Co., 298 U. S. 238, 331.
20 Panama Refining Co. v. Ryan, 293 U. S. 388, 447.
21 Dissenting in Carter v. Carter Coal Co., 298 U. S. 238, 328.
22 Panama Refining Co. v. Ryan, 293 U. S. 388, 440.
23 Letter to Dr. John C. H. Wu, printed in Holmes, Book Notices, Uncollected Papers,
Letters (Shriver), p. 202.

MONDAY, DECEMBER 19, 1938
99
destitute. His words seem to have sprung from the heart of one who
felt with intensity that government succeeds only as it serves the
needs of its people: "Nor is the concept of the general welfare static.
Needs that were narrow or parochial a century ago may be inter-
woven in our day with the well-being of the Nation. What is criti-
cal or urgent changes with the times. ** The hope behind
this statute is to save men and women from the rigors of the poor
house as well as from the haunting fear that such a lot awaits them
when journey's end is near." 24
*
Mr. Justice Cardozo has reached the end of his journey. It has
been a journey of loving service to the law and to those who live
under the law. I venture to predict that, so long as our common
law and our Constitution persist, men will pay tribute to the memory
of this shy and gentle scholar, whose heart was so pure and whose
mind was so bold.
The Chief Justice said:
Mr. Attorney General:-The tribute in the resolutions you present
comes most fittingly from the members of the Bar who find the ideals
of their profession realized in a career of extraordinary worth. It is
of special significance at this time that these sentiments of lawyers
will find a warm response in the hearts of millions of our fellow
countrymen who, without learning in the law, have a keen sense of
the public benefit that has come from the quiet, unselfish and humane
labors of a great jurist working in the public interest with a con-
suning zeal. We, his brethren of the Court, still awestruck by the
fate which brought his career to such an untimely and tragic end-
receive this tribute with hearts burdened by the sense of loss of that
personal association which was to us a priceless privilege.
Benjamin Nathan Cardozo was city-born and bred. He was
reared not in the wide open spaces but within the narrow confines
of the great metropolis. But his horizon knew no urban bounds
and his vision took in all the circumstances and needs of our country
with complete understanding. His urban training made him familiar
with some of the most serious problems of our democracy and gave
him special alertness to detect every sort of wrong, however cun-
ningly disguised by conventional or tolerated forms. The passion
for justice which characterized his work had its roots in what he
early perceived in his metropolitan environment and never forgot.
It would be difficult to find a life so completely and uninter-
ruptedly devoted to pursuits congenial to talent. While enjoying
the resources and interests of a cultivated taste, it was to the study
24 Helvering v. Davis, 301 U. S. 619, 641.
99087-38--38

MONDAY, DECEMBER 19, 1938
100
of law its learning, its processes, and its adjustments-that he bent
his energies and he reaped the hard-won rewards of the most dis-
tinguished scholarship. He was singularly immune from either the
enticements or the demands of activities foreign to strictly profes-
sional labors. He did not seek public office. He stood aloof from
politics. He did not engage in public controversies or aspire to
leadership in organized social efforts. He did not crusade for social
reforms. His zeal for human betterment took a direction better
suited to his temperament and intellectual interests. He shrank from
promiscuous contacts, finding a safe refuge in his books.
Even at the bar, he was spared the stormy conflicts of jury trials
and the contests which evoked passion and animosities. Early dis-
tinguished for his ability in analysis and his force and felicity of
expression, his professional opportunities lay in briefs and argu-
ments in cases in equity and in appellate courts,-in cases requiring
particular skill in the illumination and solution of legal problems,
where advocacy needed the resources of the industrious scholar.
During his twenty or more years at the bar he neither sought nor had
public acclaim. But he deeply impressed his brethren of the profes-
sion and on that solid reputation his future was built.
It was evident to all who knew him that he would be an ideal
judge and in truth it was his friends of the bar who procured his
nomination and made sure his election as a judge of the Supreme
Court of New York, the highest court of original jurisdiction in that
State. It was equally plain that his best service would be in an
appellate court, and almost immediately he was designated to serve in
the highest court of the State and there by subsequent choice of the
electorate as Associate Judge and Chief Judge he remained for about
eighteen years. His work in the Court of Appeals of New York
made him renowned throughout the country. It was service of the
highest judicial quality in learning, in skill in exposition, in out-
standing contributions to the development of the law. In the field
of the common law, his learning gave him the freedom which comes
with mastery, as he utilized its processes to secure its intelligent
adaptation to the needs of his time. Modest, sensitive and retiring,
he was still a mighty warrior for his convictions and in his expert
hands the pen became a sword wielded with devastating power.
When Mr. Justice Holmes retired in 1932, the country, led by the
bar, with one voice urged his appointment to this Court. And here
he sat for over five eventful years. In the proceedings which led to
the adoption of the resolutions you have presented, Mr. Attorney
General, the opinions of Mr. Justice Cardozo-those which he wrote
and those in which he concurred-have largely been considered.
This is not a fitting occasion for a critique. It is sufficient to say

MONDAY, DECEMBER 19, 1938
101
that no judge ever came to this Court more fully equipped by learn-
ing, acumen, dialectical skill, and disinterested purpose. He came
to us in the full maturity of his extraordinary intellectual power,
and no one on this bench has ever served with more untiring indus-
try or more enlightened outlook. The memory of that service and
its brilliant achievements will ever be one of the most prized tradi-
tions of this tribunal. Mr. Justice Cardozo in one of his penetrating
discussions observed: "If I consult my own experience, and ask what
judges do in building law from day to day, I find that for the aver-
age run of cases what our predecessors have said is a generative
force quite as much as what they have done." He meant what had
been said, not by the way of mere dictum, but what had been said
"as the professed and declared principle dictating the conclusion".
With the same thought he emphasized the "exceptional cases" when
"the creative function is at its highest". And I have no doubt it is
not so much the specific rulings in the opinions of Mr. Justice
Cardozo but what he said in arriving at the rulings that will be
found to be a constantly active generative force in working out the
decisions of the future. He has left a great arsenal of forensic
weapons.
Mr. Justice Cardozo was devoted to our form of government and
to him our constitutional guarantees of essential liberties constituted
a heritage to be defended at all costs. With rare insight into our
social problems and with vivid imagination, what he thought and
sought to enforce was built upon the foundation of profound study.
The idea that "sentiment or benevolence or some vague notion of
social welfare becomes the only equipment needed" was an illusion.
"Nothing", he said, "can take the place of rigorous and accurate and
profound study of the law as already developed by the wisdom of
the past". "This", he added, "is the raw material which we are to
mould".
That process of "moulding" he not only brilliantly illustrated in
his judicial opinions, but he subjected it to the most rigorous analy-
sis. The function of the judge in the shaping of the law was for
him a subject of perennial fascination, to which he ever returned
with a clarity and comprehensiveness of exposition which placed
him in the front rank of writers on the philosophy of law,-its nature
and its growth. In his view the competing demands of stability and
progress pointed to an essential compromise,—“a compromise between
paradoxes, between certainty and uncertainty, between the literalism
that is the exaltation of the written word and the nihilism that is
destructive of regularity and order". "The victory", he said, "is not
for the partisans of an inflexible logic, nor yet for the levelers of all
rule and all precedent, but the victory is for those who shall know

MONDAY, DECEMBER 19, 1938
102
how to fuse these two tendencies together in adaptation to an end
as yet imperfectly discerned”. For Justice Cardozo, the distrust of
a concept was the beginning of wisdom and he was constantly on
guard against the "tyranny of labels". With characteristic detach-
ment, he was aware of the snares of "universals", as well in his study
of the "theory of juristic method" as in other matters. "The snares
that are thus set may catch the heedless feet of thinkers who have
been loud even as they stumbled in cries of danger unto others". And
thus he recognized that "Generalizations about the ways in which
the judicial process works are quite as likely to be incomplete, and
to stand in need of supplement or revision, as the generalizations
yielded by the process when in action, the output of its workings".
On the one hand, Justice Cardozo dissented from the "deprecia-
tion of order and certainty and rational coherence" as merely negli-
gible goods, and, on the other, he was "wholly one" with the
insistence "that the virtues of symmetry and coherence" can be pur-
chased at too high a price and that law is "a means to an end and
not an end in itself". He summed up his teaching and his practice
in his heed to the warning that principles and rules and concepts are
in many instances but "glimpses of reality" and that there is the
need, as he put it, of “reformulating them or at times abandoning
them altogether when they stand condemned as mischievous in the
social consciousness of the hour".
Success in such an effort at interpretation of the social conscious-
ness manifestly would demand a rare equipment of learning, experi-
ence and wisdom,-a balance of judgment which imperfect knowl-
edge or narrowness of understanding would at once upset. That
necessary equipment Mr. Justice Cardozo possessed in a remarkable
degree and with his keen awareness he was able to escape the pitfalls
into which a lesser mind might easily have stumbled. Justice Car-
dozo fully recognized the disagreements among those who had
studied the juristic method, whether they prosecuted their studies as
detached philosophers or with the aid of experience in the exercise of
the judicial function, and in summarizing the conflicting contentions
he disclosed his own attitude in these words: "I do not know how it
will all end. I know that it has been an interesting time to live in,
an interesting time in which to do my little share in translating into
law the social and economic forces that throb and clamor for expres-
sion. Like any other era of unrest, it has had its pangs of uncer-
tainty, its doubts and hesitation". And referring to a saying of
Bacon, he concluded: "The 'wayes' we have to travel nowadays are
not flat and plane, if indeed they ever were. They are uphill and
downhill with many a signpost that is false and many another that
has fallen.
If I have not lost the road altogether, if my

MONDAY, DECEMBER 19, 1938
103
feet have not sunk in a quagmire of uncoordinated precedents, I owe
it not a little to the signposts and the warnings, the barriers and the
bridges, which my study of the judicial process has built along the
way". It was under the sway of the convictions produced by that
special study that he wrought out the judicial opinions which con-
stitute his monument.
Judge Irving Lehman, of the Court of Appeals of New York, has
spoken out of his intimate knowledge of the strong influence exerted
by Cardozo as Chief Judge of that court. Judge Lehman referred
to his vast store of learning, his unflagging industry and his com-
mand of the gentle art of persuasion, but far above those he placed
the "integrity of his mind", "his complete absorption in his work, his
selflessness, his independence restrained by his respect for the opin-
ion of others". These qualities were also outstanding in his work in
this Court. In conference, while generally reserved and reticent
until it was his duty to speak, he then responded with an unsur-
passed clearness and precision in statement. His gentleness and self-
restraint, his ineffable charm, combined with his alertness and mental
strength, made him a unique personality. With us who had the
privilege of daily association there will ever abide the precious mem-
ory not only of the work of a great jurist but of companionship
with a beautiful spirit, an extraordinary combination of grace and
power.
The Chief Justice said: "The orders of the Court appear upon the
list certified by the Chief Justice and filed with the clerk and will not
be announced orally."
No. 490. Henry Gross and Theresa Gross, appellants, v. Title In-
surance and Trust Company et al. Appeal from the District Court
of the United States for the Southern District of California. Per
curiam: The appeal herein is dismissed for the want of jurisdiction.
Section 238, Judicial Code as amended by the Act of February 13, 1925
(43 Stat. 936, 938); section 266, Judicial Code as amended by the
Act of February 13, 1925 (43 Stat. 936, 938); Stratton v. St. Louis
S. W. Ry., 282 U. S. 10, 15–16; U. S. Naturopathic Assn. v. Chiro-
practic League, 296 U. S. 539.
-
No. . In the matter of the disbarment of W. A. Denson. It hav-
ing appeared to the Court from the record in W. A. Denson, petitioner,
v. Board of Commissioners of the State Bar of Alabama, No. 129,
October Term, 1938, that W. A. Denson, of Birmingham, Alabama, a
member of the Bar of this Court, has been disbarred from the practice
of the law in the Supreme Court of the State of Alabama; and this
Court, by order of October 10, 1938, having suspended the said W. A.
¹Address before New York State Bar Association, 1932. Association Report, Vol. 55.

MONDAY, DECEMBER 19, 1938
104
Denson from the practice of the law in this Court and directed that
a rule issue requiring him to show cause why he should not be disbarred
from the practice of the law in this Court;
And it appearing that the said rule was duly issued and served
upon the respondent, who has filed a return thereto; now, upon con-
sideration of the rule to show cause and the return aforesaid,
It is ordered that said W. A. Denson be, and he is hereby, disbarred,
and that his name be stricken from the roll of attorneys admitted to
practice in this Court.
Mr. Justice Black did not participate in the consideration or decision
of this matter.
-
No. Arrow Distilleries, Inc., appellant, v. Wilford S. Alexander,
Administrator of the Federal Alcohol Administration. The petition
for injunction is denied.
No. 506. John H. Gentle, as Administrator of the estate of Albert
Evans, deceased, petitioner, v. Western & Atlantic Railroad. On
petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals of the State
of Georgia. The petition for writ of certiorari herein is denied for
the want of a final judgment. The motion for leave to proceed fur-
ther herein in forma pauperis is also denied.
No. 511. William B. Doak, petitioner, v. Federal Land Bank of
Baltimore. On petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Circuit Court of Appeals for the Fourth Circuit. The motion for
leave to proceed further herein in forma pauperis is denied for the
reason that the Court, upon examination of the papers herein sub-
mitted, finds no ground upon which a writ of certiorari should be
issued. The petition for writ of certiorari is therefore also denied.
No. 481. Rochester Telephone Corporation, appellant, v. The
United States of America et al. In this case probable jurisdiction
is noted.
No. 509. Denis J. Driscoll et al., appellant, v. Edison Light and
Power Company. In this case probable jurisdiction is noted. The
motion to advance is granted and the case is assigned for argument
on Monday, February 6, 1939, immediately following the case hereto-
fore assigned for that day. Mr. Justice Black is of the opinion that
the motion to advance should be granted as requested.
No. 466. Honolulu Oil Corporation, Ltd., et al., petitioners, v. Erle
P. Halliburton et al.; and
No. 479. Erle P. Halliburton et al., petitioners, v. Honolulu Oil
Corporation, Ltd., et al. Petitions for writs of certiorari to the
United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit
granted.
1

MONDAY, DECEMBER 19, 1938
105
No. 478. Mark Graves, John J. Merrill, et al., etc., petitioners v.
The People of the State of New York, upon the relation of James
B. O'Keefe. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court
of the State of New York granted.
No. 528. Utah Fuel Company, Independent Coal and Coke Com-
pany, et al., petitioners, v. National Bituminous Coal Commission
et al. The petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court
of Appeals for the District of Columbia is granted and the case is
assigned for argument on Tuesday, January 3, 1939, after the case
heretofore assigned for that day. The motion for an injunction is
granted, and it is ordered that the respondents be, and they are
hereby, enjoined from carrying out the provisions of the order of
August 31, 1938, of the National Bituminous Coal Commission, de-
scribed more fully in the petition for writ of certiorari, and from
introducing in any hearing before said Commission and from mak-
ing available for inspection to interested parties, or others, the indi-
vidual verified cost and price realization reports of petitioners,
pending final disposition of the cause by the Court.
No. 476. Bryant McQuillen and Samuel Gottlieb, petitioners, v.
Clarence Dillon, as President of Dillon, Read & Co., et al. Petition
for writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals
for the Second Circuit denied. The Chief Justice took no part in
the consideration and decision of this application.
No. 469. Agnes Gliwa, etc., petitioner, v. United States Steel Cor-
poration et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Circuit Court of Appeals for the Third Circuit denied.
No. 471. The Rio Vista Hotel & Improvement Co., petitioner, v.
The Belle Mead Development Corporation. Petition for writ of
certiorari to the Supreme Court of the State of Florida denied.
No. 472. Terminal Railroad Association of St. Louis, petitioner,
v. Ernest W. Aly. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme
Court of the State of Missouri denied.
No. 473. Wilma A. Humphrey, Janet Humphrey, by her guardian,
etc., et al., petitioners, v. Southern Pacific Company. Petition for
writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals
for the Ninth Circuit denied.
No. 474. Belen Oquendo, petitioner, v. Federal Reserve Bank of
New York et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Circuit Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit denied.
No. 477. Martin Wohl and Harry Wohl, petitioners, v. Realty
Associates Securities Corporation. Petition for writ of certiorari to
the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit
denied.

MONDAY, DECEMBER 19, 1938
106
No. 11, Original, October Term, 1934. State of New Jersey, com-
plainant, v. State of Delaware. The motion for leave to file a second
petition for rehearing is denied.
No. 848, October Term, 1937. Franz Gorny, Bernhard Gorny,
et al., petitioners, v. The Trustees of the Milwaukee County Orphans
Board. The motion for leave to file petition for rehearing is denied.
No. 1018, October Term, 1937. Ex parte Paysoff Tinkoff, peti-
tioner;
No. 13. Earle S. Welch, appellant, v. Robert K. Henry et al.;
No. 20. J. O. Stoll, petitioner, v. William Gottlieb;
No. 428. Arkansas Natural Gas Corporation, petitioner, v. James
M. Sartor et al.;
No. 442. William J. Mackesy et al., appellants, v. State of Maine;
and
No. 452. The Ohio Casualty Insurance Company, petitioner, v.
Anna M. Marr, Shelby W. Marr, et al. Petitions for rehearing
denied.
ORDER OF ALLOTMENT OF JUSTICES
It is ordered, That the present allotment of the Chief Justice and
Associate Justices of this Court among the circuits, be amended by
making the following allotment, which shall be entered of record,
viz:
For the District of Columbia, Charles Evans Hughes, Chief
Justice.
Adjourned until Tuesday, January 3, 1939, at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Tuesday, January 3, 1939, will be as follows: Nos.
528, 295, 227 (and 228), 269 (and 270), 275, 277, 294, 312, 308,
and 328.

TUESDAY, JANUARY 3, 1939
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
107
Present: The Chief Justice, Mr. Justice McReynolds, Mr. Justice
Brandeis, Mr. Justice Butler, Mr. Justice Stone, Mr. Justice Roberts,
Mr. Justice Black, and Mr. Justice Reed.
Guy Rogers, of Wichita Falls, Tex.; Ray P. Bland, of Wichita
Falls, Tex.; Walter E. Holmes, of Arlington, Va.; William Riland
Beall, of Washington, D. C.; Herbert Stedman French, of Tulsa,
Okla.; Grover Middlebrooks, of Atlanta, Ga.; John F. Greaney, of
Washington, D. C.; William C. Fitzhugh, of Shreveport, La.; Wm. L.
Covington, of Falls Church, Va.; George J. Laikin, of Milwaukee,
Wis.; Ed. B. Levee, Jr., of Texarkana, Tex.; Albert Spievack, of
Cincinnati, Ohio; Frank B. Belcher, of Los Angeles, Calif.; James
C. Lanier, of Greenville, N. C.; Beverly S. Royster, Jr., of Oxford,
N. C.; Justus Reiniger Moll, of Springfield, Mo.; and Samuel Cober
Braucher, of Somerset, Pa., were admitted to practice.
No. 63. Connecticut Railway and Lighting Company, petitioner, v.
Howard S. Palmer, James Lee Loomis, et al. On writ of certiorari
to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Second Cir-
cuit. Order of the Circuit Court of Appeals as it affects the measure
of the lessor's damage for rejection of the lease in question reversed
only in that particular and case remanded to the District Court of
the United States for the District of Connecticut for further pro-
ceedings in accordance with the order and opinion of the Circuit
Court of Appeals as herein modified and of this Court. Opinion by
Mr. Justice Reed. Mr. Justice McReynolds is of opinion that the
judgment of the court below should be affirmed. Mr. Justice Brandeis
took no part in the consideration or decision of this case.
No. 133. The Baltimore & Ohio Railroad Company et al., appel-
lants, v. The United States of America et al. Appeal from the Dis-
trict Court of the United States for the Southern District of New
York. Decree affirmed. Opinion by Mr. Justice Reed.
No. 154. The United States of America, petitioner, v. Kathleen
McClure, as Administratrix of the estate of John F. McClure. On
writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for
the Ninth Circuit. Judgment affirmed and cause remanded to the
District Court of the United States for the Eastern District of
Washington. Opinion by Mr. Justice Black.
99087-39-39

TUESDAY, JANUARY 3, 1939
108
No. 244. Chippewa Indians of Minnesota, appellant, v. The United
States. Appeal from the Court of Claims. Judgment affirmed.
Opinion by Mr. Justice Black.
No. 189. Mrs. Zillah Lyon, petitioner, v. Mutual Benefit Health
and Accident Association. On writ of certiorari to the United States
Circuit Court of Appeals for the Eighth Circuit. Judgment of the
Circuit Court of Appeals reversed with costs and judgment of the
District Court affirmed and cause remanded to the District Court of
the United States for the Western District of Arkansas. Opinion
by Mr. Justice Black. Mr. Justice Roberts did not participate in
the consideration or decision of this case. Separate opinion by Mr.
Justice Butler in which Mr. Justice McReynolds joins.
No. 118. Princess Lida of Thurn and Taxis, Formerly Lida
Eleanor Purcell Fitzgerald, et al., petitioners, v. Gerald Purcell Fitz-
gerald, Individually, etc., et al. On writ of certiorari to the Su-
preme Court of the State of Pennsylvania. Judgment affirmed with
costs. Opinion by Mr. Justice Roberts.
No. 180. Guy T. Helvering, Commissioner of Internal Revenue,
petitioner, v. Donald H. Owens and Marion Haviland Owens. On
writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for
the Second Circuit; and
No. 318. Amedeo Obici and Mrs. Amedeo Obici, petitioners, v.
Guy T. Helvering, Commissioner of Internal Revenue. On writ of
certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the
Fourth Circuit. Judgment in No. 180 reversed and cause remanded
to the Circuit Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit for further
proceedings in conformity with the opinion of this Court; judgment
in No. 318 affirmed and cause remanded to the Circuit Court of
Appeals for the Fourth Circuit. Opinion by Mr. Justice Roberts.
No. 161. Ernest K. James, Individually and in his official capacity
as Tax Commissioner for the State of West Virginia, appellant, v.
United Artists Corporation. Appeal from the District Court of the
United States for the Southern District of West Virginia. Decree
affirmed with costs. Opinion by Mr. Justice Stone.
No. 245. The United States, petitioner, v. The Algoma Lumber
Company;
No. 246. The United States, petitioner, v. Forest Lumber Com-
pany; and
No. 247. The United States, petitioner, v. Lamm Lumber Com-
pany. On writs of certiorari to the Court of Claims. Judgments
reversed and causes remanded to Court of Claims for further pro-
1 ceedings in conformity with the opinion of this Court. Opinion by

TUESDAY, JANUARY 3, 1939
109
Mr. Justice Stone. Mr. Justice McReynolds and Mr. Justice Roberts
took no part in the consideration or decision of these cases.
No. 195. Socony-Vacuum Oil Company, Inc., petitioner, v.
Herbert A. Smith, Jr. On writ of certiorari to the United States
Circuit Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit. Judgment affirmed
with costs and cause remanded to the District Court of the United
States for the Southern District of New York. Opinion by Mr.
Justice Stone. Mr. Justice Roberts took no part in the considera-
tion or decision of this case. Dissenting: Mr. Justice McReynolds.
No. 75. Gwin, White & Prince, Inc., appellant, v. Harold H.
Henneford, Thomas S. Hedges, et al., etc. Appeal from the Supreme
Court of the State of Washington. Judgment reversed with costs
and cause remanded to the said Supreme Court for further proceed-
ings not inconsistent with the opinion of this Court. Opinion by Mr.
Justice Stone. Opinion by Mr. Justice Butler concurring in the
result, in which Mr. Justice McReynolds joins. Dissenting opinion
by Mr. Justice Black.
No. 22. The United States of America, petitioner, v. Continental
National Bank and Trust Company, Trustee, etc., et al. On writ of
certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the
Seventh Circuit. Judgment affirmed and cause remanded to the Dis-
trict Court of the United States for the Northern District of Illinois.
Opinion by Mr. Justice Butler. Dissenting opinion by Mr. Justice
Stone in which Mr. Justice Black concurs.
No. 73. State of Minnesota, by its Attorney General, petitioner, v.
The United States of America. On writ of certiorari to the United
States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Eighth Circuit. Judgment
affirmed and cause remanded to the District Court of the United
States for the District of Minnesota. Opinion by Mr. Justice
Brandeis.
No. 130. Indianapolis Brewing Company, Inc., appellant, v. The
Liquor Control Commission of the State of Michigan et al. Ap-
peal from the District Court of the United States for the Eastern
District of Michigan. Decree affirmed with costs. Opinion by Mr.
Justice Brandeis.
No. 252. Joseph S. Finch & Company, The Old Quaker Company,
et al., appellants v. Roy McKittrick, Attorney General of the State
of Missouri, et al.;
No. 253. Ben Burk, Inc., appellant, v. Roy McKittrick, Attorney
General of the State of Missouri, et al.;
No. 254. Joseph E. Seagram & Sons, Incorporated, and Seagram
Distillers Corporation, appellants, v. Roy McKittrick, Attorney Gen-
eral of the State of Missouri, et al.;
:

TUESDAY, JANUARY 3, 1939
110
No. 255. Hinrichs Distilled Products, appellant, v. Roy McKit-
trick, Attorney General of the State of Missouri, et al.; and
No. 256. Arrow Distilleries, Inc., appellant, v. Roy McKittrick,
Attorney General of the State of Missouri, et al. Appeals from the
District Court of the United States for the Western District of
Missouri. Decrees affirmed with costs. Opinion by Mr. Justice
Brandeis.
No. 169. The United States, petitioner, v. Frederick Pleasants.
On writ of certiorari to the Court of Claims. Judgment affirmed.
Opinion by Mr. Chief Justice Hughes.
No. 182. Ford Motor Company, petitioner, v. National Labor
Relations Board; and
No. 183. Ford Motor Company, petitioner, v. National Labor
Relations Board. On writs of certiorari to the United States Circuit
Court of Appeals for the Sixth Circuit. In No. 182 the writ of
certiorari is dismissed. In No. 183 the order of the Circuit Court
of Appeals dated June 10, 1938, is affirmed and the cause is remanded
to the said Circuit Court of Appeals. Opinion by Mr. Chief Justice
Hughes. Mr. Justice Roberts did not hear the argument and took
no part in the consideration and decision of these cases.
No. 113. Russell B. Patterson, appellant, v. Stanolind Oil and Gas
Company et al. Appeal from the Supreme Court of the State of
Oklahoma. Dismissed for want of jurisdiction. Opinion, per
curiam, announced by Mr. Chief Justice Hughes.
No. 203. J. Bacon & Sons, appellant, v. James W. Martin, Indi-
vidually, etc. Appeal from the Court of Appeals of the Common-
wealth of Kentucky. Appeal dismissed for the want of a substantial
federal question. Opinion, per curiam, announced by Mr. Chief
Justice Hughes.
The Chief Justice announced the following orders of the Court:
No. 507. K. L. Connor, appellant, v. E. D. Rivers, Governor of
1 the State of Georgia. Appeal from the District Court of the United
States for the Northern District of Georgia. Per curiam: The mo-
tion of the appellees to affirm is granted and the decree is affirmed.
Healy v. Ratta, 292 U. S. 263, McNutt v. General Motors Acceptance
Corporation, 298 U. S. 178.
No. 522. Arthur L. Whitmer, appellant, v. The People of the State
of Illinois. Appeal from the Supreme Court of the State of Illinois.
Per curiam: The motion of the appellee to dismiss the appeal is
granted and the appeal is dismissed (1) for the want of jurisdiction,
Section 237 (a), Judicial Code, as amended by the Act of February
13, 1925 (43 Stat. 936, 937); and (2) for want of a properly presented
t

TUESDAY, JANUARY 3, 1939
111
federal question. Godchaux Co. v. Estopinal, 251 U. S. 179; Rooker v.
Fidelity Trust Co., 261 U. S. 114, 117; Herndon v. Georgia, 295 U. S.
441, 443.
The Chief Justice said:
"The other orders of the Court appear upon the list certified by
the Chief Justice and filed with the Clerk and will not be announced
orally."
No., Original. Ex parte Harmon M. Waley, petitioner. The mo-
tion for leave to file petition for writ of mandamus is denied.
No. -, Original. Ex parte Harry Allen, petitioner. Motion for
leave to file petition for writ of habeas corpus is denied
No.
-
.
Ex parte Sophy Callahan, petitioner ;
No. Ex parte Robert Goldstein, petitioner. Applications de-
nied.
No. Lester Washburn, appellant, v. The People of the State of
Michigan. Petition for appeal, referred by the Chief Justice to the
Court, is denied.
No. 429. Milton Prebyl, petitioner, v. Prudential Insurance Com-
pany of America. The motion for written opinion is denied.
No. 552. Arrow Distilleries, Inc., appellant, v. Wilford S.
Alexander, Administrator of the Federal Alcohol Administration.
The application for rehearing of the petition for injunction is denied.
No. 529. Payne Hurt, petitioner, v. Fred G. Zerbst, Warden, U. S.
Penitentiary, Atlanta, Georgia. On petition for writ of certiorari to
the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit;
No. 533. Alfred De Marios, petitioner, v. R. H. Hudspeth, Warden,
U. S. Penitentiary, Leavenworth, Kansas. On petition for writ of
certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the
Tenth Circuit; and
No. 540. Joseph Ross, petitioner, v. Joseph H. Wilson, as Warden,
etc. On petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of the
State of New York. The motions for leave to proceed further herein
in forma pauperis are denied for the reason that the Court, upon
examination of the papers herein submitted, finds no ground upon
which writs of certiorari should be issued. The petitions for writs
of certiorari are therefore also denied.
No. 505. James H. Mulford et al., appellants, v. Nat Smith et al.;
and
No. 517. Gerrit W. Clason, appellant, v. The State of Indiana. In
these cases probable jurisdiction is noted.
No. 486. Guy T. Helvering, Commissioner of Internal Revenue,
petitioner, v. Metropolitan Edison Company; and

TUESDAY, JANUARY 3, 1939
112
No. 487. Guy T. Helvering, Commissioner of Internal Revenue,
petitioner, v. Pennsylvania Water & Power Company. Petitions
for writs of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals
for the Third Circuit granted.
No. 491. The State Tax Commission of Utah et al., petitioners, v.
W. Z. Van Cott. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court
of the State of Utah granted.
No. 482. Edward Jordan Dimock, as Substituted Executor of the
Last Will and Testament of Henry C. Folger, deceased, etc., peti-
tioner, v. Walter C. Corwin, Late Collector of Internal Revenue,
First District of New York. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit
granted and the case assigned for argument immediately following
the hearing of No. 391. Mr. Justice Stone took no part in the
consideration and decision of this application.
No. 492. General Gas and Electric Corporation, petitioner, v.
Commissioner of Internal Revenue; and
No. 493. General Gas and Electric Corporation, petitioner, v.
Commissioner of Internal Revenue. Petition for writs of certiorari
to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit
granted and cases assigned for argument immediately following the
hearing of Nos. 486 and 487.
No. 467. Market Street Railway Company, petitioner, v. City and
County of San Francisco et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit denied.
No. 470. Fred P. Glick and Pauline S. Glick, petitioners, v. Bank
of America National Trust and Savings Association. Petition for
writ of certiorari to the Superior Court of the State of California,
Appellate Department, denied.
No. 480. W. E. Hedger Transportation Corporation, petitioner, v.
James Richardson & Sons, Ltd. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit denied.
No. 483. Marshall Keig, as Trustee in Bankruptcy of Prima Com-
pany, Debtor, et al., petitioners, v. The Harris Trust and Savings
Bank et al.;
No. 484. Marshall Keig, as Trustee in Bankruptcy of Prima Com-
pany, Debtor, et al., petitioners, v. Harris Trust and Savings Bank;
and
No. 485. Marshall Keig, as Trustee in Bankruptcy of Prima Com-
pany, Debtor, et al., petitioners, v. The First National Bank of Chi-
cago. Petition for writs of certiorari to the United States Circuit
Court of Appeals for the Seventh Circuit denied.

།
TUESDAY, JANUARY 3, 1939
113
No. 494. Mills Development Corporation et al., petitioners, v.
Shipp & Head, Inc. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme
Court of the State of Florida denied.
No. 488. Scott County, Tennessee, and Roscoe Byrd, Trustee, etc.,
petitioner, v. Paul J. Kent, Receiver of Chattanooga National Bank.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of
Appeals for the Sixth Circuit denied.
No. 496. Clayton Lofland, petitioner, v. Clarence H. Fox, Receiver,
etc.; and
No. 497. Clayton Lofland, petitioner, v. Clarence H. Fox, Receiver,
etc. Petition for writs of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court
of Appeals for the Third Circuit denied.
No. 500. United States Trust Co. et al., Executors, etc., petitioners,
v. Commissioner of Corporations and Taxation;
No. 501. Charlotte H. Brett, petitioner, v. Commissioner of Cor-
porations and Taxation; and
No. 502. John A. High, petitioner, v. Commissioner of Corpora-
tions and Taxation. Petition for writs of certiorari to the Supreme
Judicial Court of the Commonwealth of Massachusetts denied.
No. 427. George K. Garrett Company, Inc., petitioner, v. The
National Lock Washer Company. The motion of General Motors
Corporation for leave to file a brief as amicus curiae is denied. The
petition for rehearing is denied.
No. 1. General Talking Pictures Corporation, petitioner, v. Western
Electric Company, Inc., et al.;
No. 21. Wm. H. Neblett, Vernon Bettin, et al., petitioners, v.
Samuel L. Carpenter, Jr., Insurance Commissioner of the State of
California, et al.;
No. 51. Armstrong Paint and Varnish Works, petitioner, v.
Nu-Enamel Corporation, an Illinois Corporation, et al.;
No. 55. A. E. McDonald, petitioner, v. Ernest O. Thompson et al.;
No. 57. State of Missouri, at the relation of Lloyd Gaines, peti-
tioner, v. S. W. Canada, Registrar of the University of Missouri et al.;
No. 438. Phoenix Finance Corporation, petitioner, v. Iowa-Wis-
consin Bridge Company et al.;
No. 444. Paul J. Simmons, Trading as Paris Import Company
et al.;
No. 463. Sam Berkowitz, appellant, v. People of the State of
Illinois; and
No. 464. Anchor Stove & Range Company, petitioner, v. S. B.
Rymer, C. D. Rymer, et al. Petitions for rehearing denied.

TUESDAY, JANUARY 3, 1939
114
No. 2, original. The State of Wisconsin et al., complainants, v. The
State of Illinois et al.;
No. 3, original. The State of Michigan et al., complainants, v. The
State of Illinois et al.; and
No. 4, original. The State of New York et al., complainants, v. The
State of Illinois et al. Final semiannual report of the defendant,
Sanitary District of Chicago dated January 1, 1939, presented.
No. 528. Utah Fuel Company et al., petitioners, v. National Bitu-
minous Coal Commission et al. Argued by Mr. J. V. Norman for the
petitioner and by Mr. Solicitor General Jackson for the respondent.
No. 295. H. P. Welch Company, appellant, v. The State of New
Hampshire. Argued by Mr. Richard F. Upton for the appellant and
by Mr. Dudley W. Orr and Mr. John E. Benton for the appellee.
No. 227. Inland Steel Company, appellant, v. The United States
of America et al.; and
No. 228. Chicago By-Product Coke Company, appellant, v. The
United States of America et al. Argument commenced by Mr. John
S. Burchmore for the appellants.
Adjourned until tomorrow at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Wednesday, January 4, will be as follows: Nos.
227 (and 228), 269 (and 270), 275, 294, 312, 314, 308, 328, 385,
and 339.

WEDNESDAY, JANUARY 4, 1939
115
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: The Chief Justice, Mr. Justice McReynolds, Mr. Justice
Brandeis, Mr. Justice Butler, Mr. Justice Stone, Mr. Justice Roberts,
Mr. Justice Black, and Mr. Justice Reed.
Mr. Solicitor General Jackson presented the Honorable Frank
Murphy, of Michigan, Attorney General of the United States, and
moved his admission to the Bar.
The Chief Justice said:
"Mr. Attorney General, we welcome you to participation in the
increasingly important task of promoting the sound and efficient.
administration of justice. Your commission will be recorded."
Frank Murphy, of Detroit, Mich.; Gordon Wade Rule, of Wash-
ington, D. C.; Howard A. Hartman, of Milwaukee, Wis.; Marion P.
Wormhoudt, of Washington, D. C.; David A. Fox, of Milwaukee,
Wis.; Alvin J. Rockwell, of Washington, D. C.; William J. Holliman,
of Washington, D. C.; and William P. Blake, Jr., of Washington,
D. C., were admitted to practice.
No. 227. Inland Steel Company, appellant, v. The United States
of America et al.; and
No. 228. Chicago By-Product Coke Company, appellant, v. The
United States of America et al. Argument continued by Mr. John S.
Burchmore for the appellants; by Mr. Edward M. Reidy for appellees,
the United States and Interstate Commerce Commission, and con-
cluded by Mr. John S. Burchmore for the appellants.
No. 275. D. T. Currin, S. M. Cutts, et al., etc., petitioners, v.
Henry A. Wallace, Secretary of Agriculture for the United States,
et al. Three hours allowed for oral argument. Argument com-
menced by Mr. J. C. Lanier for petitioners continued by Mr. Robert
K. McConnaughey and Mr. Solicitor General Jackson for the respond-
ents and concluded by Mr. B. S. Royster, Jr., for the petitioners.
No. 294. City of Texarkana, Texas, petitioner, v. Arkansas Loui-
siana Gas Company. Argument commenced by Mr. Benjamin E.
99087-39-40

WEDNESDAY, JANUARY 4, 1939
116
Carter for the petitioner and continued by Mr. William C. Fitzhugh
for the respondent.
Adjourned until tomorrow at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Thursday, January 5, will be as follows: Nos.
294, 269 (and 270), 312, 314, 308, 328, 385, 339, 372 October
Term 1937, and 276.

THURSDAY, JANUARY 5, 1939
117
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: The Chief Justice, Mr. Justice McReynolds, Mr. Justice
Brandeis, Mr. Justice Butler, Mr. Justice Stone, Mr. Justice Roberts,
Mr. Justice Black, and Mr. Justice Reed.
Alexander G. Barry, of Portland, Oreg.; Robert R. Reynolds, of
Asheville, N. C.; Leonard McHugh, of Duluth, Minn.; and Pelham
L. Felder, of Orangeburg, S. C., were admitted to practice.
No. 294. City of Texarkana, Texas, petitioner, v. Arkansas Loui-
siana Gas Company. Argument continued by Mr. William C. Fitz-
hugh and Mr. Henry C. Walker, Jr., for the respondent; and con-
cluded by Mr. Benjamin E. Carter for the petitioner.
No. 312. John M. Taylor et al., etc., petitioners, v. Standard Gas
and Electric Company, et al. Three hours allowed for oral argu-
ment. Argument commenced by Mr. Jason L. Honigman for the
petitioners; continued by Mr. Nathan A. Gibson for the respondent,
Standard Gas and Electric Company; by Mr. James F. Oates, Jr.,
for the respondent Reorganization Committee of Deep Rock Oil
Corporation; by Mr. George S. Ramsey for the respondent, H. N.
Greis, Trustee; and concluded by Mr. Jason L. Honigman for the
petitioners; and case submitted by Mr. W. F. Semple for the re-
spondent, Debtor Corporation.
Adjourned until tomorrow at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Friday, January 6, will be as follows: Nos. 314,
328, 385, 308, 339, 372 October Term 1937, 276, 329, 359, and
269 (and 270).
99087-39-41

FRIDAY, JANUARY 6, 1939
118
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: The Chief Justice, Mr. Justice McReynolds, Mr. Justice
Brandeis, Mr. Justice Butler, Mr. Justice Stone, Mr. Justice Roberts,
Mr. Justice Black, and Mr. Justice Reed.
Geo. McGill, of Wichita, Kans.; Othniel Hitch, of Indianapolis,
Ind.; Leslie A. Cleary, of Modesto, Calif.; Marion Rushton, of
Montgomery, Ala.; Tyrus A. Norwood, of Tallahassee, Fla.; Chas. C.
Trabue, Jr., of Nashville, Tenn.; Walter J. Knabe, of Montgomery,
Ala.; Beekman Aitken, of New York City; Frederick C. Bangs, of
New York City; and Harry T. O'Brien, Jr., of Troy, N. Y., were
admitted to practice.
No. 314. Wichita Royalty Company et al., petitioners, v. City
National Bank of Wichita Falls, et al. Argument commenced by
Mr. Ray Bland for the petitioners; continued by Mr. Leslie Hum-
phrey for the respondents; by Mr. T. R. Boone for the respondents;
and concluded by Mr. Guy Rogers for the petitioners.
No. 328. Guy T. Helvering, Commissioner of Internal Revenue,
petitioner, v. R. J. Reynolds Tobacco Company. Argued by Mr.
Paul A. Freund for the petitioner and by Mr. J. G. Korner, Jr., for
the respondent.
No. 385. First Chrold Corporation, petitioner, v. Commissioner of
Internal Revenue. Argument commenced by Mr. John E. McClure
for the petitioner.
Adjourned until Monday next at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Monday, January 9, will be as follows: Nos. 385,
308, 339, 372 October Term 1937, 276, 329, 359, 269 (and 270),
229, and 274.
✓
99087-39--42

MONDAY, JANUARY 9, 1939
119
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: The Chief Justice, Mr. Justice McReynolds, Mr. Justice
Butler, Mr. Justice Stone, Mr. Justice Roberts, Mr. Justice Black,
and Mr. Justice Reed.
Sidney J. Seligman, of Indianapolis, Ind.: M. Rudolph Preuss,
of New York City; Laurence W. Lougee, of New York City; Samuel
S. Baranow, of New York City; Maurice Nias, of Brooklyn, N. Y.;
Jesse C. Parks, Jr., of Chattanooga, Tenn.; Edward B. Beale, of
Washington, D. C.; Abraham Kraditor, of New York City; and
Harry D. Parker, of Los Angeles, Calif., were admitted to practice.
No. 102. The United States of America, petitioner, v. Thomas R.
Powers et al. On writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit
Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit. Decree affirmed and cause
remanded to the District Court of the United States for the District
of Montana. Opinion by Mr. Justice McReynolds. Mr. Justice
Reed took no part in the consideration or decision of this case.
The Chief Justice announced the following orders of the Court:
No. 104. The State of Montana on the relation of the Board of
County Commissioners of Valley County, Montana, petitioner, v.
Archie G. Bruce, County Assessor of Valley County, Montana, et al.
On writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of the State of Montana.
Per curiam: The judgment of the Supreme Court of the State of
Montana is affirmed by an equally divided Court.
No. 325. Howard S. Palmer et al., Trustees of the estate of The
Old Colony Railroad Company, petitioners, v. Howard S. Palmer
et al., Trustees of the Estate of the New York, New Haven and Hart-
ford Railroad Company. On petition for writ of certiorari to the
United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit. Per
curiam: The petition for writ of certiorari in this case is granted,
limited to the first question presented by the petition. The decree of
the Circuit Court of Appeals is reversed in that particular and the
cause is remanded to the District Court for further proceedings in
conformity with the opinion of this Court in case No. 63, Connecticut
99087-39--43

MONDAY, JANUARY 9, 1939
120
Railway and Lighting Company v. Palmer, decided January 3, 1939.
Mr. Justice Brandeis took no part in the consideration and decision
of this case.
The Chief Justice said:
"The other orders of the Court appear upon the list certified by
the Chief Justice and filed with the Clerk and will not be announced
orally."
―.
No. Richard Bundy, petitioner, v. The United States. Appli-
cation denied.
No. 2, original. State of Wisconsin et al., complainants, v. State of
Illinois et al.;
No. 3, original. State of Michigan et al., complainants, v. State of
Illinois et al.; and
No. 4, original. State of New York et al., complainants, v. State of
Illinois et al. The semiannual report of defendant, Sanitary District
of Chicago, dated January 1, 1939, is received and ordered to be
filed.
No. 546. Shirley Jean Clements, by Floyd Henderson, on her
behalf, petitioner, v. Leo Arlie Clements et al. On petition for writ
of certiorari to the Court of Appeals, 1st Appellate District, State of
Ohio. The motion for leave to proceed further herein in forma
pauperis is denied for the reason that the Court, upon examination
of the papers herein submitted, finds no ground upon which a writ of
certiorari should be issued. The petition for writ of certiorari is
therefore also denied.
No. 534. Ray Ingels, as Director of the Department of Motor
Vehicles of the State of California, et al., appellants, v. Paul Gray,
Inc., et al. In this case probable jurisdiction is noted.
No. 508. Federal Power Commission, petitioner, v. Pacific Power
& Light Company et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United
States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit granted.
No. 514. National Labor Relations Board, petitioner, v. Benjamin
Fainblatt et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Circuit Court of Appeals for the Third Circuit granted.
No. 503. Long Beach Dock and Terminal Company, petitioner, v.
The Pacific Dock and Terminal Company. Petition for writ of
certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the
Ninth Circuit denied.
No. 510. Jenkins Petroleum Process Company, petitioner, v. Sin-
clair Refining Company. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United
States Circuit Court of Appeals for the First Circuit denied.

MONDAY, JANUARY 9, 1939
121
No. 512. McAdoo & Neblett et al., petitioners, v. F. P. Newport
Corporation, Limited, et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit denied.
No. 519. Minneapolis, St. Paul & Sault Ste. Marie Railway Com-
pany, petitioner, v. The Pike Rapids Power Company. Petition for
writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for
the Eighth Circuit denied.
No. 373. Howard S. Palmer et al., Trustees of the Estate of the
New York, New Haven and Hartford Railroad Company, petitioners,
v. Howard S. Palmer et al., Trustees of the Estate of the Old Colony
Railroad Company. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United
States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit denied. Mr.
Justice Brandeis took no part in the consideration and decision of
this application.
No. 340. North Whittier Heights Citrus Association, petitioner, v.
National Labor Relations Board. Petition for writ of certiorari to
the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit
denied.
No. - original. Ex parte Century Indemnity Company, peti-
tioner; and
No. 430. Martin E. Geibel and Charles R. Morfoot, petitioners, v.
State Bar of California. Petitions for rehearing denied.
ORDER
The Court will take a recess from Monday, January 16, until
Monday, January 30 next.
No. 277. Orland S. Loomis, Individually, etc., et al., petitioners, v.
First Federal Savings and Loan Association. Motion to substitute
John E. Martin, present Attorney General of the State of Wisconsin,
in the place and stead of Orland S. Loomis, former Attorney General
of the State of Wisconsin, submitted by Mr. Warner W. Gardner in
that behalf.
No. 182. Ford Motor Company, petitioner, v. National Labor Rela-
tions Board; and
No. 183. Ford Motor Company, petitioner, v. National Labor Rela-
lations Board. Mandates ordered to issue forthwith on motion of
Mr. Charles A. Horsky for the respondent.
No. 367. Frank Eichholz, appellant, v. Public Service Commission
of the State of Missouri, et al. Motion for bond submitted by Mr.
James H. Linton and Mr. Daniel C. Rogers for the appellees, in sup-

MONDAY, JANUARY 9, 1939
122
port of the motion, and by Mr. Frank E. Atwood and Mr. Smith B.
Atwood for the appellant, in opposition thereto.
No. 308. Ignatius Lanzetta et al., appellants, v. The State of New
Jersey. Argued by Mr. Samuel Kagle for the appellants and by
Mr. Robert Peacock and Mr. French B. Loveland for the appellee.
No. 339. Henry S. Long, Chairman and John P. Kohn, Sr., et al.,
appellants, v. Walter Stokes, Jr., as Commissioner of Finance and
Taxation of the State of Tennessee. Argument commenced by Mr.
Ray Rushton for the appellants; continued by Mr. Edwin F. Hunt
for the appellee; and concluded by Mr. Chas. C. Trabue, Jr., for the
appellants.
No. 372, October Term 1937. Mark Graves, John J. Merrill, et al.,
petitioners, v. Marion Brown Elliott, Horace F. Phelps, et al.
Argued by Mr. Mortimer M. Kassell for the petitioners and by Mr.
Frederick C. Bangs for the respondents.
Adjourned until tomorrow at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Tuesday, January 10, will be as follows: Nos. 276,
329, 309 (310 and 311), 359, 269 (and 270), 229, 274, 436, 249,
and 286.
Х

TUESDAY, JANUARY 10, 1939
123
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: The Chief Justice, Mr. Justice McReynolds, Mr. Justice
Butler, Mr. Justice Stone, Mr. Justice Roberts, Mr. Justice Black,
and Mr. Justice Reed.
William S. Walker, of Harrison, Ark.; Fred A. Little, of Des
Moines, Iowa; Frank C. Mebane, Jr., of New York City; Alfred F.
Conway, of Jersey City, N. J.; and Charles P. Bauer, of New York
City, were admitted to practice.
No. 276. George Couper Gibbs, Individully and as Attorney Gen-
eral of the State of Florida, et al., appellants, v. Gene Buck, Individ-
ually, etc., et al. Argument commenced by Mr. Tyrus A. Norwood
for the appellants; continued by Mr. Lucien H. Boggs for the ap-
pellants; by Mr. Thomas G. Haight for the appellees; and con-
cluded by Mr. Lucien H. Boggs for the appellants.
No. 329. Gene Buck, Individually, etc., et al., appellants, v. Phil H.
Gallagher, Individually and as State Treasurer of the State of Wash-
ington, et al. Argued by Mr. Thomas G. Haight for the appellants
and by Mr. Alfred J. Schweppe for the appellees.
No. 309. The United States of America, appellant, v. Durkee
Famous Foods, Inc.;
No. 310. The United States of America, appellant, v. Manhattan
Lighterage Corporation; and
No. 311. The United States of America, appellant, v. Colgate-
Palmolive-Peet Company. Argument commenced by Mr. Elmer B.
Collins for the appellant.
Adjourned until tomorrow at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Wednesday, January 11, will be as follows: Nos.
309 (310 and 311), 359, 269 (and 270), 229, 274, 436, 249, 286,
287, and 188.
99087-39-44
12

WEDNESDAY, JANUARY 11, 1939
124
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: The Chief Justice, Mr. Justice McReynolds, Mr. Justice
Butler, Mr. Justice Stone, Mr. Justice Roberts, Mr. Justice Black,
and Mr. Justice Reed.
John P. Akolt, of Denver, Colo.; Michael D. Konomos, of Kansas
City, Mo.; Lionel A. Mincer, of Chicago, Ill.; Welles K. Stanley,
of Cleveland, Ohio; and Charles Monroe Thorp, Jr., of Pittsburgh,
Pa., were admitted to practice.
No. 309. The United States of America, appellant, v. Durkee
Famous Foods, Inc.;
No. 310. The United States of America, appellant, v. Manhattan
Lighterage Corporation; and
No. 311. The United States of America, appellant, v. Colgate-
Palmolive-Peet Company. Argument continued by Mr. Elmer B.
Collins for the appellant; by Frank M. Swacker and Mr. Roger
Hinds for the appellees; and concluded by Mr. Elmer B. Collins
for the appellant.
No. 359. Hugh Allen Bowen, petitioner, v. James A. Johnston,
Warden, United States Penitentiary, Alcatraz, California. Argued
by Mr. Seth W. Richardson for the petitioner and by Mr. Bates
Booth for the respondent.
No. 269. Interstate Circuit, Inc., Texas Consolidated Theatres, Inc.,
et al., appellants, v. The United States of America; and
No. 270. Paramount Pictures Distributing Company, Inc., et al.,
appellants, v. The United States of America. Argument commenced
by Mr. George S. Wright for the appellants; continued by Mr.
Solicitor General Jackson for the appellee; and concluded by Mr.
Thomas D. Thacher for the appellants.
No. 229. National Labor Relations Board, petitioner, v. Columbian
Enameling and Stamping Company, Inc. Argument commenced
by Mr. Robert B. Watts for the petitioner.
Adjourned until tomorrow at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Thursday, January 12, will be as follows: Nos.
229, 274, 436, 249, 286, 287, 188, and 360.
99087-39-45

THURSDAY, JANUARY 12, 1939
125
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: The Chief Justice, Mr. Justice McReynolds, Mr. Justice
Butler, Mr. Justice Stone, Mr. Justice Roberts, Mr. Justice Black,
and Mr. Justice Reed.
Lloyd Paul Stryker, of New York City; Frank J. Parker, of Brook-
lyn, N. Y.; Frank Greenberg, of Chicago, Ill.; George Alvin Corbin,
of Washington, D. C.; John M. Leach, of Washington, D. C.; Max
D. Farmer, of Buffalo, N. Y.; Philip T. Sybert, of Elkridge, Md.;
Russell J. Burns, of Washington, D. C.; and George Philip Grove,
of Arlington, Va., were admitted to practice.
No. 417. John G. Saxe, petitioner, v. John S. Shea, as Adminis-
trator, etc. On writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court
of Appeals for the Second Circuit. Dismissed and mandate ordered
to issue forthwith on motion of counsel for the petitioner.
No. 229. National Labor Relations Board, petitioner, v. Columbian
Enameling and Stamping Company, Inc., et al. Argument con-
tinued by Mr. Robert B. Watts for the petitioner; by Mr. Earl F.
Reed for the respondent, Columbian Enameling and Stamping Com-
pany, Inc.; by Mr. Paul R. Shafer for the respondents, Harry Hiatt,
et al.; and concluded by Mr. Robert B. Watts for the petitioner.
No. 274. National Labor Relations Board, petitioner, v. The Sands
Manufacturing Company. Argued by Mr. Charles A. Horsky for the
petitioner and by Mr. Harry E. Smoyer for the respondent.
No. 436. National Labor Relations Board, petitioner, v. Fansteel
Metallurgical Corporation. Argument commenced by Mr. Charles
Fahy for the petitioner.
Adjourned until tomorrow at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Friday, January 13, will be as follows: Nos. 436,
249, 286 (and 287), and 188.
99087-39-46
X

FRIDAY, JANUARY 13, 1939
126
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: The Chief Justice, Mr. Justice McReynolds, Mr. Justice
Butler, Mr. Justice Stone, Mr. Justice Roberts, Mr. Justice Black,
and Mr. Justice Reed.
Lewis F. Glaser, of New York City; Charles Hill Johns, of Okla-
homa City, Okla.; Nathan R. Berke, of Detroit, Mich.; Francis J.
Sypher, of New York City; Samuel Lawrence Brennglass, of New
York City; Thomas J. Straub, of Los Altos, Calif.; and Guyte P.
McCord, of Tallahassee, Fla., were admitted to practice.
No. 65. Douglas Fairbanks, petitioner, v. The United States of
America. Motion for leave to file petition for rehearing and for
stay of entry of judgment by the District Court submitted by Mr.
Arthur F. Driscoll for the petitioner.
No. 436. National Labor Relations Board, petitioner, v. Fansteel
Metallurgical Corporation. Argument continued by Mr. Charles
Fahy for the petitioner; by Mr. Max Swiren for the respondent;
and concluded by Mr. Charles Fahy for the petitioner.
No. 249. Benjamin F. Goodman, petitioner, v. The United States
of America. Argued by Mr. Patrick J. Friel for the petitioner and
by Mr. Welly K. Hopkins for the respondent.
No. 286. The United States of America, appellant, v. Midstate
Horticultural Company, Inc., et al.; and
No. 287. The United States of America, appellant, v. The Pennsyl-
vania Railroad Company. Argued by Mr. Wendell Berge for the
appellant and by Mr. Francis Biddle for the appellee in No. 287;
and submitted by Mr. Henry Silverman and Mr. Samuel L. Einhorn
for the appellees in No. 286.
Adjourned until Monday, January 16, next, at 12 o'clock.
☑
99087-39-47

MONDAY, JANUARY 16, 1939
127
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: The Chief Justice, Mr. Justice McReynolds, Mr. Justice
Butler, Mr. Justice Stone, Mr. Justice Roberts, Mr. Justice Black,
and Mr. Justice Reed.
Frank Mahan, of Fairfax, Okla.; Clarence R. Trotter, of Knox-
ville, Tenn.; Frank J. Claydon, of Mount Vernon, N. Y.; George W.
Jaques, of New York City; William D. Donnelly, of Minneapolis,
Minn.; Frederick C. Feichter, Jr., of Philadelphia, Pa.; Thomas J.
O'Brien, of Omaha, Nebr.; Phillip Barnett, of San Francisco, Calif.;
Gerald J. McMahon, of New York City; and Wadsworth Cresse, Jr.,
of New York City, were admitted to practice.
No. 231. The Alton Railroad Company, appellant, v. Illinois Com-
merce Commission, Moudling-Brownell Corporation, et al. Appeal
from the Supreme Court of the State of Illinois. Motion to dismiss
denied and order affirmed with costs. Opinion by Mr. Justice Butler.
Mr. Justice Black is of opinion that the motion to dismiss should be
granted. Mr. Justice Roberts took no part in the consideration or
decision of this case.
No. 210. The Pullman Company, H. J. Hatch, Edward E. Meyers,
and A. J. Kash, petitioners, v. Mrs. Garnett V. Jenkins and Robert
W. Jenkins, by Mrs. Garnett V. Jenkins, his guardian ad litem. On
writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for
the Ninth Circuit. Judgment affirmed with costs and cause remanded
to the District Court of the United States for the Southern District
of California. Opinion by Mr. Chief Justice Hughes. Mr. Justice
Roberts took no part in the consideration and decision of this case.
Concurring opinion by Mr. Justice Black.
The Chief Justice said:
"The orders of the Court appear upon the list certified by the Chief
Justice and filed with the clerk and will not be announced orally."
No. 249. Benjamin F. Goodman, petitioner, v. The United States
of America. On writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court
of Appeals for the Third Circuit. Per curiam: As it appears after
hearing argument and upon examination of the record that the en-
99087-39-48

MONDAY, JANUARY 16, 1939
128
tire evidence is not contained in the bill of exceptions, the writ of
certiorari is dismissed.
No., original. Ex parte Albert Bleecker, petitioner. The motion
for leave to file petition for writ of habeas corpus is denied.
-
No. —, original. Ex parte Albert Leighton, petitioner. The mo-
tion for leave to file petition for writ of mandamus is denied.
No. 562. Ernest B. Williams, petitioner, v. The Pennsylvania Rail-
road Company. On petition for writ of certiorari to the United
States Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia;
No. 565. Mary Bimbo, petitioner, v. The People of the State of
Illinois. On petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of
the State of Illinois;
No. 573. John H. Brown, petitioner, v. Fred G. Zerbst, Warden.
On petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of
Appeals for the Fifth Circuit; and
No. 547. The State of Ohio, ex rel. Carl Green, petitioner, v.
Charles E. King, Clerk of the Court of Common Pleas, Franklin
County, Ohio, et al. On petition for writ of certiorari to the Su-
preme Court of the State of Ohio. The motions for leave to proceed
further herein in forma pauperis are denied for the reason that the
Court, upon examination of the papers herein submitted, finds no
ground upon which writs of certiorari should be issued. The peti-
tions for writs of certiorari are therefore also denied.
No. 65. Douglas Fairbanks, petitioner, v. The United States of
America. The motion for leave to file a petition for rehearing is
granted, and the petition for rehearing is also granted. The order
denying certiorari is vacated, and the petition for writ of certiorari
to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit
is granted. It is ordered that the entry of judgment herein by the
United States District Court for the Southern District of California,
Central Division be, and it hereby is, stayed until further order of
the Court.
No. 367. Frank Eichholz, appellant, v. Public Service Commission
of the State of Missouri, et al. The motion for bond is denied.
No. 277. Orland S. Loomis, Individually and as Attorney General
of the State of Wisconsin, et al., petitioners, v. First Federal Savings
and Loan Association. The motion to substitute is granted and
John E. Martin, present Attorney General of the State of Wiscon-
sin, is substituted as a party petitioner in the place and stead of
Orland S. Loomis, former Attorney General of the State of Wis-
consin.
No. 495. Chemical Bank & Trust Company, as Trustee, etc., peti-
tioner, v. Berryman Henwood, Trustee, etc., et al. Petition for writ

MONDAY, JANUARY 16, 1939
129
of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the
Eighth Circuit granted and case assigned for argument immediately
following No. 384.
No. 590. Bethlehem Steel Company, petitioner, v. Zurich General
Accident & Liability Insurance Company, Ltd. Petition for writ of
certiorari to the Supreme Court of the State of New York granted
and case assigned for argument immediately following No. 495. Mr.
Justice Black took no part in the consideration and decision of this
application.
No. 591. Bethlehem Steel Company, petitioner, v. Anglo-Conti-
nentale Treuhand, A. G., et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to
the Supreme Court of the State of New York granted and case
assigned for argument immediately following No. 590.
No. 499. Curtis F. Bryan, Chas. R. Bostick, et al., petitioners, v.
The United States of America. Petition for writ of certiorari to
the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Tenth Circuit
denied.
No. 513. James Sheppard Potts, petitioner, v. Norman L. Flippen,
Administrator, et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme
Court of Appeals of the State of Virginia denied.
No. 515. Carl K. Lifson, Administrator, etc., et al., petitioners, v.
Commissioner of Internal Revenue. Petition for writ of certiorari
to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Eighth Circuit
denied.
No. 526. International Ladies' Garment Workers' Union, etc., et al.,
petitioners, v. Donnelly Garment Company, et al. Petition for writ
of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the
Eighth Circuit denied.
No. 527. Schwartz Sales Company, petitioner, v. Steiner Sales
Company. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit
Court of Appeals for the Tenth Circuit denied.
No. -.
In re Disbarment of W. A. Denson. The petition for re-
hearing is denied. Mr. Justice Black took no part in the consideration
and decision of this application.
No. 471. The Rio Vista Hotel & Improvement Co., petitioner, v.
The Belle Mead Development Corporation. The petition for rehear-
ing or written opinion is denied.
No., original. Ex parte Solomon G. Salomon, petitioner. Mo-
tion for leave to file petition for writ of mandamus submitted by Mr.
Solomon G. Salomon, pro se.
No. 277. John E. Martin, Individually and as Attorney General of
the State of Wisconsin, et al., petitioners, v. First Federal Savings

MONDAY, JANUARY 16, 1939
130
and Loan Association. Motion for the withdrawal of appearance of
Benjamin Poss as counsel for petitioners granted.
No. 277. John E. Martin, Individually and as Attorney General of
the State of Wisconsin, et al., petitioners, v. First Federal Savings
and Loan Association. On writ of certiorari to the United States
Circuit Court of Appeals for the Seventh Circuit. Dismissed on mo-
tion of counsel for the petitioners.
No. 418. A. B. Hale, as Chairman, and E. A. McColskey et al., etc.,
appellants, v. Bimco Trading, Inc., et al. Motion for leave to file
supplemental record submitted by Mr. M. H. Long for the appellees.
No. 520. James L. Minnis et al., petitioners, v. Southern Pacific
Company, et al. Motion for a writ of certiorari to correct a diminu-
tion of the record submitted by Mr. James L. Minnis for the peti-
tioners.
Adjourned until Monday, January 30 next at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Monday, January 30, will be as follows: Nos. 188,
342, 360, 364, 367, 368, 391, 482, 416, and 437.

MONDAY, JANUARY 30, 1939
131
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: The Chief Justice, Mr. Justice McReynolds, Mr. Justice
Butler, Mr. Justice Stone, Mr. Justice Roberts, Mr. Justice Black,
Mr. Justice Reed, and Mr. Justice Frankfurter.
Norman MacDonald, of New York City; Joseph E. Brill, of New
York City; Marvin Wallach, of Highland Park, Ill.; Frank Milton
Gleason, of Rossville, Ga.; Chas. W. Bell, of Houston, Tex.; Morris
D. Forkosch, of New York City; Douglas D. McDonald, of Jefferson
City, Mo.; David C. Moore, of Wilmington, Del.; Edward W. Ham-
ilton, of Buffalo, N. Y.; Benjamin Goodman, Jr., of Memphis, Tenn.;
Bourke Jones, of Los Angeles, Calif.; Melville W. Borders, of
Kansas City, Mo.; Kenneth Teasdale, of St. Louis, Mo.; Hale Houts,
of Kansas City, Mo.; Dean Wood, of Kansas City, Mo.; Jack Cren-
shaw, of Montgomery, Ala.; and Clarence F. McGovern, of Jersey
City, N. J., were admitted to practice.
The Chief Justice said:
"The President, with the advice and consent of the Senate, has
appointed Felix Frankfurter, of Massachusetts, to be Associate Justice
of this Court. Mr. Frankfurter is present. The Clerk will read his
commission. Mr. Frankfurter will then take the oath and the Mar-
shal will escort him to his seat upon the bench."
The Clerk then read the commission as follows:
"FRANKLIN D. ROOSEVELT
"PRESIDENT OF THE UNITED STATES OF AMERICA
"To all who shall see these Presents, Greeting:
"KNOW YE; That reposing special trust and confidence in the
Wisdom, Uprightness, and Learning of Felix Frankfurter, of Massa-
chusetts, I have nominated, and, by and with the advice and consent
of the Senate, do appoint him an Associate Justice of the Supreme
Court of the United States, and do authorize and empower him to
execute and fulfil the duties of that Office according to the Consti-
tution and Laws of the said United States, and to Have and to
Hold the said Office, with all the powers, privileges, and emoluments
to the same of right appertaining, unto Him, the said Felix Frank-
furter, during his good behavior.
99087-39-49

MONDAY, JANUARY 30, 1939
132
"In testimony whereof, I have caused these Letters to be made
patent and the seal of the Department of Justice to be hereunto
affixed.
"Done at the City of Washington this twentieth day of January,
in the year of our Lord one thousand nine hundred and thirty-nine,
and of the Independence of the United States of America the one
hundred and sixty-third.
"By the President:
"FRANK MURPHY,
"Attorney General."
"FRANKLIN D. ROOSEVELT.
The oath of office was then administered by the Clerk, and Mr.
Justice Frankfurter was escorted by the Marshal to his seat upon the
bench.
No. 212. Southern Pacific Company, appellant, v. Andrew J.
Gallagher, Fred E. Stewart, Richard E. Collins, et al. Appeal from
the District Court of the United States for the Northern District of
California. Decree affirmed with costs. Opinion by Mr. Justice
Reed. Mr. Justice Black concurs in the result. Mr. Justice Roberts
took no part in the consideration or decision of this case. Dissenting:
Mr. Justice McReynolds and Mr. Justice Butler.
No. 213. The Pacific Telephone and Telegraph Company, appel-
lant, v. Andrew J. Gallagher, Fred E. Stewart, Richard E. Collins,
et al. Appeal from the District Court of the United States for the
Northern District of California. Decree affirmed with costs. Opinion
by Mr. Justice Reed. Mr. Justice Roberts took no part in the con-
sideration or decision of this case. Dissenting: Mr. Justice McRey-
nolds and Mr. Justice Butler.
No. 227. Inland Steel Company, appellant, v. The United States
of America et al.; and
No. 228. Chicago By-Product Coke Company, appellant, v. The
United States of America et al. Appeals from the District Court of
the United States for the Northern District of Illinois. Decrees
affirmed. Opinion by Mr. Justice Black.
No. 286. The United States of America, appellant, v. Midstate
Horticultural Company, Inc., and Arpaxat Setrakian; and
No. 287. The United States of America, appellant, v. The Pennsyl-
vania Railroad Company. Appeals from the District Court of the
United States for the Eastern District of Pennsylvania. Judgments
affirmed. Opinion by Mr. Justice Black.

MONDAY, JANUARY 30, 1939
133
No. 328. Guy T. Helvering, Commissioner of Internal Revenue,
petitioner, v. R. J. Reynolds Tobacco Company. On writ of
certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the
Fourth Circuit. Judgment affirmed and cause remanded to the said
United States Circuit Court of Appeals. Opinion by Mr. Justice
Roberts.
No. 385. First Chrold Corporation, petitioner, v. Commissioner
of Internal Revenue. On writ of certiorari to the United States Cir-
cuit Court of Appeals for the Third Circuit. Judgment reversed and
cause remanded to the said United States Circuit Court of Appeals
for further proceedings in conformity with the opinion of this Court.
Opinion by Mr. Justice Roberts.
No. 27. The Tennessee Electric Power Company et al., appellants,
v. Tennessee Valley Authority et al. Appeal from the District Court
of the United States for the Eastern District of Tennessee. Decree
affirmed. Opinion by Mr. Justice Roberts. Mr. Justice Reed took no
part in the consideration or decision of this case. Dissenting opinion
by Mr. Justice Butler in which Mr. Justice McReynolds joins.
No. 127. Mackay Radio and Telegraph Company, Inc., petitioner,
v. Radio Corporation of America. On writ of certiorari to the
United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit.
Judgment reversed with costs and cause remanded to the District
Court of the United States for the Eastern District of New York for
further proceedings in conformity with the opinion of this Court.
Opinion by Mr. Justice Stone. Mr. Justice Roberts took no part in
the consideration or decision of this case.
No. 314. Wichita Royalty Company et al., petitioners, v. City
National Bank of Wichita Falls et al. On writ of certiorari to the
United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit. De-
cree affirmed with costs and cause remanded to the District Court of
the United States for the Northern District of Texas. Opinion by
Mr. Justice Stone.
No. 260. Dixie Ohio Express Company, appellant, v. State Reve-
nue Commission of Georgia et al. Appeal from the Supreme Court
of the State of Georgia. Judgment affirmed with costs. Opinion
by Mr. Justice Butler. Mr. Justice Black concurs in the result. Mr.
Justice Roberts took no part in the consideration or decision of this
case.
No. 295. H. P. Welch Company, appellant, v. The State of New
Hampshire. Appeal from the Supreme Court of the State of New
Hampshire. Judgment affirmed with costs. Opinion by Mr. Justice
Butler.
No. 222. The Washingtonian Publishing Company, Inc., petitioner,
v. Drew Pearson, Robert S. Allen, et al. On writ of certiorari to
+ Ma

MONDAY, JANUARY 30, 1939
134
the United States Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia.
Judgment reversed with costs and cause remanded to the District
Court of the United States for the District of Columbia for further
proceedings in conformity with the opinion of this Court. Opinion
by Mr. Justice McReynolds. Dissenting opinion by Mr. Justice
Black in which Mr. Justice Roberts and Mr. Justice Reed concur.
No. 528. Utah Fuel Company, Independent Coal and Coke Com-
pany, et al., petitioners, v. National Bituminous Coal Commission et
al. On writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for
the District of Columbia. Decree of the District Court of the United
States for the District of Columbia affirmed and cause remanded to
said District Court. Opinion by Mr. Justice McReynolds. Concur-
ring opinion by Mr. Justice Black.
No. 302. Felt and Tarrant Manufacturing Co., appellant, v.
Andrew J. Gallagher, Fred E. Stewart, et al., etc. Appeal from the
District Court of the United States for the Southern District of Cali-
fornia. Decree affirmed with costs. Opinion by Mr. Justice Mc-
Reynolds. Mr. Justice Roberts took no part in the consideration and
decision of this case.
No. 309. The United States of America, appellant, v. Durkee
Famous Foods, Inc.;
No. 310. The United States of America, appellant, v. Manhattan
Lighterage Corporation; and
No. 311. The United States of America, appellant, v. Colgate-
Palmolive-Peet Company. Appeals from the District Court of the
United States for the District of New Jersey. Judgments affirmed.
Opinion by Mr. Justice McReynolds.
No. 275. D. T. Currin, S. M. Cutts, and H. A. Averett, doing busi-
ness as Fleming Warehouse, Oxford, North Carolina, et al., petition-
ers, v. Henry A. Wallace, Secretary of Agriculture for the United
States, et al. On writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit
Court of Appeals for the Fourth Circuit. Decree affirmed and cause
remanded to the District Court of the United States for the Eastern
District of North Carolina. Opinion by Mr. Chief Justice Hughes.
Mr. Justice McReynolds and Mr. Justice Butler dissent.
No. 359. Hugh Allen Bowen, petitioner, v. James A. Johnston,
Warden, United States Penitentiary, Alcatraz, California. On writ
of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the
Ninth Circuit. Judgment of the Circuit Court of Appeals, affirming
the order of the District Court denying the petition for habeas corpus,
affirmed, and cause remanded to the District Court of the United
States for the Northern District of California. Opinion by Mr.
Chief Justice Hughes.
ร

MONDAY, JANUARY 30, 1939
135
The Chief Justice announced the following order of the Court:
No. 552. Arrow Distilleries, Inc., appellant, v. Wilford S.
Alexander, Administrator of the Federal Alcohol Administration.
Appeal from the District Court of the United States for the District
of Columbia. Per curiam: The motion of the appellee to affirm is
granted and the order denying an interlocutory injunction is affirmed.
Alabama v. United States, 279 U. S. 229, 231; United Gas Co. v.
Public Service Commission, 278 U. S. 322, 326; National Fire Insur-
ance Company v. Thompson, 281 U. S. 331, 338; Eureka Productions,
Inc., v. Lehman, 302 U. S. 634.
The Chief Justice said:
"The other orders of the Court appear upon the list certified by
the Chief Justice and filed with the clerk and will not be announced
orally."
No. -, original. Ex parte Clarence M. Brummett, petitioner.
The motion for leave to file petition for writ of habeas corpus is
denied.
No., original. Ex parte Solomon G. Salomon. The motion for
leave to file petition for writ of mandamus is denied. The Chief
Justice took no part in the consideration and decision of this appli-
cation.
No. -, original. Ex parte Forrest Holiday, petitioner. The mo-
tion for leave to file petition for writ of habeas corpus is denied.
No. Ex parte Joseph Poresky, petitioner. The motion for
interlocutory decree and amendment is denied.
No. 7. Rolla W. Coleman, W. A. Barron, et al., petitioners, v.
Clarence W. Miller, as Secretary of the Senate of the State of Kansas,
et al.;
No. 14. Albert Benjamin Chandler, Individually, etc., et al., peti-
tioners, v. James W. Wise and Ray B. Moss; and
No. 221. The United States of America et al., appellants, v. F. O.
Morgan, Doing business as F. O. Morgan Sheep Commission Com-
pany, et al. These cases are ordered restored to the docket and
assigned for reargument on Monday, February 27, next.
No. 418. A. B. Hale, as Chairman, et al., etc., appellants, v. Bimco
Trading, Inc., et al. The motion of the appellees for leave to supple-
ment the record is granted, without prejudice to the authority of the
Court to make such order as to costs as it may deem proper, if it
appears that the appellees have caused unnecessary parts of the record
to be printed.

MONDAY, JANUARY 30, 1939
136
No. 192. Leander H. Caswell, petitioner, v. Henry Morgenthau,
Jr., as Secretary of the Treasury of the United States, et al. The
motion for leave to file a petition for rehearing is denied.
No. 581. Trina K. Jackson, Administratrix, etc., petitioner, v. The
Capital Transit Company. On petition for writ of certiorari to the
United States Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia;
No. 584. The People of the State of New York, ex rel. Joseph
Ross, petitioner, v. Joseph H. Wilson, as Warden of Great Meadows
Prison. On petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals
of the State of New York;
No. 587. Julian K. Saylor, petitioner, v. Joseph W. Sanford,
Warden, etc. On petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Circuit Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit;
No. 521. Samuel White, petitioner, v. James A. Johnston, Warden,
etc. On petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit
Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit; and
No. 595. Justus B. Linderholm, petitioner, v. The State of Kansas.
On petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of the State
of Kansas. The motions for leave to proceed further herein in forma
pauperis are denied for the reason that the Court, upon examination
of the papers herein submitted, finds no ground upon which writs of
certiorari should be issued. The petitions for writs of certiorari are
therefore also denied.
No. 567. Paramount Pictures, Inc., et al., appellants, v. William
A. Langer, Individually, etc., et al.;
No. 568. Paramount Pictures, Inc., et al., appellants, v. Alvin C.
Strutz, Individually, etc., et al.; and
No. 554. H. C. Rorick, Joseph R. Grundy, et al., appellants, v.
Board of Commissioners of Everglades Drainage District, etc., et al.
In these cases probable jurisdiction is noted.
No. 498. Rafael Sancho Bonet, Treasurer of Puerto Rico, peti-
tioner, v. Yabucoa Sugar Company. Petition for writ of certiorari
to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the First Circuit
granted.
No. 541. John Carrier and J. Harvey Carpenter, Guardian, etc.,
petitioners, v. Curley Bryant. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
Supreme Court of the State of North Carolina granted.
No. 543. Lottie F. Sprague, petitioner, v. Ticonic National Bank
et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit
Court of Appeals for the First Circuit granted.
No. 516. John Goins, petitioner, v. The United States of America.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of
Appeals for the Fourth Circuit granted, limited to the question

MONDAY, JANUARY 30, 1939
137
whether the Circuit Court of Appeals should have reversed the judg-
ment of conviction because of the refusal of the trial court to grant
Instruction B requested by the defendant.
No. 561. The United States of America, ex rel. Michele De Vita,
petitioner, v. Byron H. Uhl, District Director of Immigration, Port
of New York. The motion to proceed on typewritten papers is
granted. The petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Circuit Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit is denied.
No. 520. James L. Minnis et al., petitioners, v. Southern Pacific
Company et al. The motion for a writ of certiorari to correct a
diminution of the record is denied. The petition for writ of cer-
tiorari to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Ninth
Circuit is denied.
No. 549. Clarence J. Morley, petitioner, v. The United States of
America. The motion to proceed on the typewritten record is
granted. The petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Cir-
cuit Court of Appeals for the Seventh Circuit is denied.
No. 539. Societe Suisse Pour Valeurs de Metaux, petitioner, v.
Homer S. Cummings, Attorney General of the United States, et al.
The motion to substitute is granted and Frank Murphy, present
Attorney General of the United States is substituted as a party
respondent in the place and stead of Homer S. Cummings, resigned.
Mr. Justice Stone took no part in the consideration and decision of
this motion.
No. 539. Societe Suisse Pour Valeurs de Metaux, petitioner, v.
Frank Murphy, Attorney General of the United States, et al. Peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the District of Columbia denied. Mr. Justice Stone took no part
in the consideration and decision of this application.
No. 518. Southern California Freight Lines, Ltd., petitioner, v.
Commissioner of Internal Revenue. Petition for writ of certiorari to
the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit
denied.
No. 523. A. R. Eppenauer et al., petitioners, v. The Ohio Oil Com-
pany. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit
Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 524. H. W. Compton et al., petitioners, v. The Ohio Oil Com-
pany et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Circuit Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 525. Mrs. Mamie H. Thomason et al., petitioners, v. United
Gas Public Service Company. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 530. Eleanore Kolipinski Smith et al., petitioners, v. Ella M.
Ockerhausen et al.; and

MONDAY, JANUARY 30, 1939-
138
No. 531. Eleanore Kolipinski Smith et al., petitioners, v. Ella M.
Ockerhausen et al. Petition for writs of certiorari to the United
States Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia denied.
No. 535. Tennessee Wesleyan College, petitioner, v. Charles S.
Coffey, Receiver, etc., et al.; and
No. 536. Tennessee Wesleyan College, petitioner, v. Paul J. Kent,
Receiver of Chattanooga National Bank. Petitions for writs of
certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the
Sixth Circuit denied.
No. 538. Maryland Casualty Company, petitioner, v. Jack L.
Sammons and John R. Crandall. Petition for writ of certiorari to
the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit
denied.
No. 532. W. P. Deppe, petitioner, v. General Motors Corporation.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of
Appeals for the Third Circuit denied.
No. 537. Pacific Health Corporation, Inc., petitioner, v. People of
the State of California, ex rel. State Board of Medical Examiners.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of the State of
California denied.
No. 558. Swindell Brothers, Inc., et al., petitioners, v. Hartford-
Empire Company. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United
States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Fourth Circuit denied.
No. 189. Mrs. Zillah Lyon, petitioner, v. Mutual Benefit Health and
Accident Association;
No. 467. Market Street Railway Company, petitioner, v. City and
County of San Francisco et al.;
No. 522. Arthur L. Whitmer, appellant, v. The People of the State
of Illinois; and
No. 511. William B. Doak, petitioner, v. Federal Land Bank of
Baltimore. Petitions for rehearing denied.
The following order was entered January 16, 1939:
ORDER
It is ordered, on this 16th day of January 1939, that General
Orders XIII, XXVII, and XLVI of the General Orders in Bank-
ruptcy, and Forms Nos. 4, 7, 8, 19, 29, 32, 36, 39, 41, 44, 45, 46, 49,
50, 51, 52, 53, 54, 55, 56, 60, 61, 62, 63, 64, 66, 70, 72, and 73 of the
Forms in Bankruptcy, be, and they hereby are, abrogated.
It is further ordered that the General Orders and Forms in Bank-
ruptcy be, and they hereby are, amended and established to read as
hereinafter set forth.

J
MONDAY, JANUARY 30, 1939
139
It is further ordered that this order shall take effect on Monday,
February 13, 1939, and shall govern all proceedings then pending to
which its provisions are applicable, except to the extent that in the
opinion of the court its application to such proceedings would not be
practicable or would work injustice, in which event the General
Orders and Forms in Bankruptcy heretofore established shall apply:
Provided, That the General Orders and Forms in Bankruptcy here-
tofore established shall apply to proceedings pending under sections
12, 73, and 74, as amended, of the Act entitled "An Act to establish
a uniform system of bankruptcy throughout the United States,"
approved July 1, 1898.
No. 76. The Maytag Company, petitioner, v. Hurley Machine Com-
pany et al.; and
No. 77. The Maytag Company, petitioner, v. Easy Washing Ma-
chine Corporation. Motion for leave to file petition for rehearing
submitted by Mr. Wallace R. Lane for the petitioner.
No. 624. Docia B. Davies, appellant, v. Metropolitan Life Insur-
ance Company et al. Appeal from the Supreme Court of the State
of Washington. Docketed and dismissed on motion of counsel for
the appellee.
No. 191. The Goodyear Tire & Rubber Company, petitioner, v.
Overman Cushion Tire Company; and
No. 200. Overman Cushion Tire Company, Inc., petitioner, v. The
Goodyear Tire and Rubber Company. On petitions for writs of
certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the
Sixth Circuit. Dismissed on motion of counsel for the petitioners.
No. , original. Ex parte Mike Holchak, petitioner. Argued on
the rule to show cause and the return thereto by Mr. Frank J.
Wideman for the petitioner and submitted by Mr. Earl Warren for
the respondent, Court Smith, Warden of the California State Prison
at San Quentin.
No. 188. Edward H. Titus, petitioner, v. Lou C. Wallick. Argued
by Mr. Thomas I. Sheridan for the petitioner and by Mr. William
M. Summer for the respondent.
No. 342. Frank O. Lowden, et al., Trustees, etc., petitioners, v.
Simonds-Shields-Lonsdale Grain Company. Argument commenced
by Mr. Hale Houts for the petitioners.
Adjourned until tomorrow at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Tuesday, January 31, will be as follows: Nos. 342,
360, 364, 367, 368, 391, 482, 437, 416, and 454 (and 455).
☑

TUESDAY, JANUARY 31, 1939
TUESDAY, JANUARY 31, 1939
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
140
Present: The Chief Justice, Mr. Justice McReynolds, Mr. Justice
Butler, Mr. Justice Stone, Mr. Justice Roberts, Mr. Justice Black,
Mr. Justice Reed, and Mr. Justice Frankfurter.
Jno. E. Fleury, of Gretna, La.; Ernest M. Conzelmann, of Gretna,
La.; Lewis C. Murtaugh, of Chicago, Ill.; Ned P. Veatch, of Chicago,
Ill.; Albert J. Feigan, of Chicago, Ill.; Claude A. LeRoy, of Wash-
ington, D. C.; Wallace Sheehan, of San Francisco, Calif.; George
Wright Kydd, of Washington, D. C.; Edward Cowley Radue, of
Washington, D. C.; and T. B. Hudson, of Bartlesville, Okla., were
admitted to practice.
No. 342. Frank O. Lowden et al., Trustees, etc., petitioners, v.
Simonds-Shields-Lonsdale Grain Company. Argument continued
by Mr. Hale Houts for the petitioners; by Mr. Melville W. Borders
for the respondent; and concluded by Mr. Dean Wood for the
petitioners.
No. 360. The United States of America, petitioner, v. Charles F.
Towery, in his own right, etc. Argued by Mr. Wilbur C. Pickett
for the petitioner and by Mr. Edward H. S. Martin for the respondent.
No. 364. Keifer and Keifer, a co-partnership, etc., petitioner, v.
Reconstruction Finance Corporation and Regional Agricultural Credit
Corporation of Sioux City, Iowa. Argument commenced by Mr.
Ernest B. Perry for the petitioner.
Adjourned until tomorrow at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Wednesday, February 1, will be as follows: Nos.
364, 367, 368, 391, 482, 437, 416, 454 (and 455), 142, and 432.
99087-39- -50

WEDNESDAY, FEBRUARY 1, 1939
141
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: The Chief Justice, Mr. Justice McReynolds, Mr. Justice
Butler, Mr. Justice Stone, Mr. Justice Roberts, Mr. Justice Black,
Mr. Justice Reed, and Mr. Justice Frankfurter.
Beatrice Dailey Offutt, of Washington, D. C.; Jose M. Aruego, of
Manila, P. I.; Robert S. MacFarlane, of Seattle, Wash.; Elias
Lieberman, of New York City; Virgil J. Livingstone, of Wash-
ington, D. C.; and William L. Harrison, of Portland, Oreg., were
admitted to practice.
No. 364. Keifer and Keifer, a co-partnership, etc., petitioner, v.
Reconstruction Finance Corporation and Regional Agricultural
Credit Corporation of Sioux City, Iowa. Argument continued by
Mr. Peyton R. Evans for the respondent, Agricultural Credit Corpo-
ration, and concluded by Mr. Ernest B. Perry for the petitioner.
No. 367. Frank Eichholz, appellant, v. Public Service Commission
of the State of Missouri et al. Argument commenced by Mr. Smith
B. Atwood for the appellant; continued by Mr. Daniel C. Rogers
and Mr. James H. Linton for the appellees; and concluded by
Mr. D. D. McDonald for the appellant.
No. 368. Ray L. Chesebro, appellant, v. Los Angeles County Flood
Control District et al. Argument commenced by Mr. Bourke Jones
for the appellant and continued by Mr. W. B. McKesson for the
appellees.
Adjourned until tomorrow at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Thursday, February 2, will be as follows: Nos.
368, 391, 482, 437, 416, 454 (and 455), 142, 432, 418, and 426.
99087-39--51
☑

THURSDAY, FEBRUARY 2, 1939
142
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: The Chief Justice, Mr. Justice McReynolds, Mr. Justice
Butler, Mr. Justice Stone, Mr. Justice Roberts, Mr. Justice Black,
Mr. Justice Reed, and Mr. Justice Frankfurter.
Paul B. Barringer, Jr., of New York City; and Milton E. Carter,
of Kansas City, Mo., were admitted to practice.
No. 368. Ray L. Chesebro, appellant, v. Los Angeles County Flood
Control District et al. Argument continued by Mr. W. B. McKesson
for the appellees; and concluded by Mr. Bourke Jones for the
appellant.
No. 391. The United States of America, petitioner, v. Elizabeth C.
Jacobs, Executrix, etc. Argued by Mr. Norman D. Keller for the
petitioner and by Mr. Hugh W. McCulloch for the respondent.
No. 482. Edward Jordan Dimock, as substituted Executor, etc.,
petitioner, v. Walter C. Corwin, Late Collector of Internal Revenue,
First District of New York. Argued by Mr. E. J. Dimock for the
petitioner and by Mr. Norman D. Keller for the respondent.
No. 437. The United States of America, petitioner, v. C. T. Jaffray,
R. H. M. Robinson et al., etc. Argument commenced by Mr. Charles.
A. Horsky for the petitioner and continued by Mr. Hayner N. Larson
for the respondents.
Adjourned until tomorrow at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Friday, February 3, will be as follows: Nos. 437,
416, 454 (and 455), 142, 432, 418, 426, 441, 177, and 384.
Х
99087-39-52

FRIDAY, FEBRUARY 3, 1939
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
143
Present: The Chief Justice, Mr. Justice McReynolds, Mr. Justice
Butler, Mr. Justice Stone, Mr. Justice Roberts, Mr. Justice Black,
Mr. Justice Reed, and Mr. Justice Frankfurter.
Martin Dies, of Orange, Tex.; Gibson A. Condie, of Hailey, Idaho;
Melvin M. Hawley, of Chicago, Ill.; Thomas Pleasant Whitaker, of
Tampa, Fla.; Patrick Crisp Whitaker, of Tampa, Fla.; Charles F.
Blake, of Tampa, Fla.; Julian S. Wolfe, of Orangeburg, S. C.; Rob-
inson R. Saunders, of Fort Lauderdale, Fla.; and Otto Haakenstad,
of Fargo, N. D., were admitted to practice.
No. 437. The United States of America, petitioner, v. C. T.
Jaffray, R. H. M. Robinson, et al., etc. Argument continued by Mr.
Hayner N. Larson for the respondents and concluded by Mr. Charles
A. Horsky for the petitioner.
No. 416. The United States of America, petitioner, v. Bartelsen
& Petersen Engineering Company. Argued by Mr. Charles A.
Horsky for the petitioner and by Mr. O. Walker Taylor for the
respondent.
No. 454. Frances Perkins, Secretary of Labor, et al., petitioners,
v. Marie Elizabeth Elg; and
No. 455. Marie Elizabeth Elg, petitioner, v. Frances Perkins,
Secretary of Labor, et al. Argued by Mr. Henry F. Butler for Elg
and by Mr. Solicitor General Jackson for Perkins, Secretary of Labor,
et al.
No. 142. Hugh Pierre, petitioner, v. State of Louisiana. Argu-
ment commenced by Mr. Maurice H. Woulfe for the petitioner.
Adjourned until Monday next at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Monday, February 6, will be as follows: Nos. 142,
432, 418, 11, Original, 509, 426, 384, 495, 590 (and 591), 330.
99087-39-53

MONDAY, FEBRUARY 6, 1939
144
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: The Chief Justice, Mr. Justice McReynolds, Mr. Justice
Brandeis, Mr. Justice Butler, Mr. Justice Stone, Mr. Justice Roberts,
Mr. Justice Black, Mr. Justice Reed, and Mr. Justice Frankfurter.
Thomas Witter Chrystie, of New York City; Leroy K. Donaldson,
of New Castle, Pa.; Meyer R. Rubin, of Detroit, Mich.; Spaulding
Frazer, of Newark, N. J.; Joseph R. Schulz, of Chicago, Ill.;
William M. O'Reilly, of Albany, N. Y.; Edward J. Prest, of New
York City; Merton Baird Tice, of Mitchell, S. D.; Thomas Brown-
ing Heffelfinger, of Washington, D. C.; Ross Alfred Heffelfinger, Jr.,
of Washington, D. C.; John C. Ridley, of Houston, Tex.; Joseph P.
Loeb, of Los Angeles, Calif.; and Carl F. Allebaugh, of Steubenville,
Ohio, were admitted to practice.
No. 294. City of Texarkana, Texas, petitioner, v. Arkansas Louisi-
ana Gas Company. On writ of certiorari to the United States Cir-
cuit Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit. Judgment reversed
with costs and cause remanded to the District Court of the United
States for the Eastern District of Texas for further proceedings in
conformity with the opinion of this Court. Opinion by Mr. Justice
Reed. Mr. Justice McReynolds and Mr. Justice Butler are of
opinion that the decision of the Circuit Court of Appeals is right
and that its judgment should be affirmed. Mr. Justice Frankfurter
took no part in the consideration or decision of this case.
The Chief Justice announced the following order of the Court:
No. 489. Eastern Shore Public Service Company et al., appellants,
v. The Town of Seaford. Appeal from the Supreme Court of the
State of Delaware. Per curiam: The appeal is dismissed for the
want of a properly presented substantial federal question. New
Orleans Waterworks Co. v. Louisiana, 185 U. S. 336, 344, 345; New
Orleans Waterworks Co. v. Louisiana Sugar Refining Co., 125 U. S.
18, 30; Seattle & Renton Ry. Co. v. Linhoff, 231 U. S. 568, 570; Long
Sault Development Co. v. Call, 242 U. S. 272, 277. The petition for
writ of certiorari is denied.
The Chief Justice said:
99087-39--54

MONDAY, FEBRUARY 6, 1939
145
"The other orders of the Court appear upon the list certified by
the Chief Justice and filed with the Clerk and will not be announced
orally."
ORDER
It is ordered that the following allotment be made of the Chief
Justice and Associate Justices of this Court among the Circuits,
agreeably to the Acts of Congress in such cases made and provided,
and that such allotment be entered of record, viz:
For the First Circuit, Louis D. Brandeis, Associate Justice.
For the Second Circuit, Harlan F. Stone, Associate Justice.
For the Third Circuit, Owen J. Roberts, Associate Justice.
For the Fourth Circuit, Charles Evans Hughes, Chief Justice.
For the Fifth Circuit, Hugo L. Black, Associate Justice.
For the Sixth Circuit, James C. McReynolds, Associate Justice.
For the Seventh Circuit, Felix Frankfurter, Associate Justice.
For the Eighth Circuit, Pierce Butler, Associate Justice.
For the Ninth Circuit, Stanley Reed, Associate Justice.
For the Tenth Circuit, Pierce Butler, Associate Justice.
For the District of Columbia, Charles Evans Hughes, Chief
Justice.
No., original. Ex parte Mike Holchak, petitioner. The motion
for leave to file petition for writ of habeas corpus is denied and the
rule to show cause is discharged.
No. 76. The Maytag Company, petitioner, v. Hurley Machine Com-
pany, et al., and
No. 77. The Maytag Company, petitioner, v. Easy Washing
Machine Corporation. The motion for leave to file petition for
rehearing is granted, and the petition for rehearing is also granted.
The orders denying certiorari are vacated, and the petition for writs
of certiorari to the United States Circiuit Court of Appeals for the
Second Circuit is granted.
No. 608. John H. Wilson, petitioner, v. The United States of
America. On petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Circuit Court of Appeals for the First Circuit; and
No. 612. George Melendez, petitioner, v. The State of California
et al. On petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of
the State of California. The motions for leave to proceed further
herein in forma pauperis are denied for the reason that the Court,
upon examination of the papers herein submitted, finds no ground
upon which writs of certiorari should be issued. The petitions for
writs of certiorari are therefore also denied.
No. 603. Montgomery Ward & Company, Inc., petitioner, v. The
Toledo Pressed Steel Company. Petition for writ of certiorari to the

MONDAY, FEBRUARY 6, 1939
146
United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit
granted and the case assigned for argument immediately following
Nos. 166 and 167.
No. 651. Frank Hague, Individually and as Mayor of Jersey City,
et al., petitioners, v. Committee for Industrial Organization et al.
The petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court
of Appeals for the Third Circuit is granted. Proceedings for execu-
tion and enforcement of the decree of injunction entered herein are
stayed pending the hearing and determination of the cause. The
cause is assigned for argument on Monday, February 27, 1939, after
the cases heretofore specially set for that day.
No. 545. Oliver L. Winkle, petitioner, v. Oreon E. Scott. Peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of Ap-
peals for the Eighth Circuit denied.
No. 550. Max N. Koven, petitioner, v. The United States of
America;
No. 551. Edmund J. Donegan, petitioner, v. The United States of
America; and
No. 553. John A. Dilliard, petitioner, v. The United States of
America. Petitions for writs of certiorari to the United States Cir-
cuit Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit denied.
No. 555. R. A. Shillinglaw, petitioner, v. Commissioner of Internal
Revenue. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit
Court of Appeals for the Sixth Circuit denied.
No. 556. Frances S. Ryan, petitioner, v. The United States of
America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit
Court of Appeals for the Eighth Circuit denied.
No. 563. Robert T. Ervin, Jr., as Temporary Receiver, etc., peti-
tioner, v. Luis Quintanilla, chargé d'affaires ad interim of the Repub-
lic of Mexico, etc., et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United
States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 566. Louis Feldman, petitioner, v. The Pacific Mutual Life
Insurance Company. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United
States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Sixth Circuit denied.
No. 571. Thomas W. Cook, petitioner, v. Jennie G. Lewis, C. C.
Lewis, et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court,
Kanawha County, Commonwealth of Virginia, denied.
No. 572. Jacqueline Beland et al., petitioners, v. The United States
of America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Cir-
cuit Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 575. Bertha Stein, petitioner, v. John M. McGrath et al., etc.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of
Appeals for the Second Circuit denied.

MONDAY, FEBRUARY 6, 1939
147
No. 576. Samuel J. Tishman, petitioner, v. The United States of
America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit
Court of Appeals for the Seventh Circuit denied.
No. 580. Mutual Benefit Health and Accident Association, peti-
tioner, v. Lena Bowman. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United
States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Eighth Circuit denied.
No. 392. H. H. Henneford, T. S. Hedges, et al., etc., petitioners, v.
The Pacific Telephone and Telegraph Company. Petition for writ
of certiorari to the Supreme Court of the State of Washington denied.
No. 510. Jenkins Petroleum Process Company, petitioner, v. Sin-
clair Refining Company. Petition for rehearing denied.
ORDER
The Court will take a recess from Monday, February 13, until
Monday, February 27, next.
No., original, Commonwealth of Massachusetts, complainant, v.
State of Missouri et al. Returns to rule to show cause presented.
No. 631. A. E. Lichtenstein, S. J. Heiman, and Warren Cash, peti-
tioners, v. Florida Dry Cleaning and Laundry Board, etc. On peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of the State of
Florida. Dismissed on motion of counsel for petitioners.
No. 142. Hugh Pierre, petitioner, v. State of Louisiana. Argu-
ment continued by Mr. John E. Fleury for the respondent and con-
cluded by Mr. Maurice R. Woulfe for the petitioner.
No. 432. The United States of America and Interstate Commerce
Commission, appellants, v. Dan E. Maher, doing business as Inter-
state Busses. Argued by Mr. Hugh B. Cox for the appellants and
by Mr. William L. Harrison for the appellee.
No. 418. A. B. Hale, as Chairman, and E. A. McColskey et al.,
etc., appellants, v. Bimco Trading, Inc., et al. Argument com-
menced by Mr. H. E. Carter for the appellants and continued by
Mr. Patrick C. Whitaker for the appellants. The Court declined to
hear further argument.
Adjourned until tomorrow at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Tuesday, February 7, will be as follows: Nos.
11, original, 509, 426, 384, 495, 590 (and 591), 330, 441, 448,
and 449 (and 456).
☑

TUESDAY, FEBRUARY 7, 1939
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
148
Present: The Chief Justice, Mr. Justice McReynolds, Mr. Justice
Brandeis, Mr. Justice Butler, Mr. Justice Stone, Mr. Justice Roberts,
Mr. Justice Black, Mr. Justice Reed, and Mr. Justice Frankfurter.
John D. Rice, of Salt Lake City, Utah; Stoddard M. Stevens, Jr.,
of New York City; David R. Pokross, of Boston, Mass.; Max Wall,
of Washington, D. C.; Lewis M. Dabney, Jr., of Dallas, Tex.; Brad-
ford S. Magill, of New York City; Philip Dorfman, of Philadelphia,
Pa.; Elick E. Norris, of Washington, D. C.; Otto B. Roepke, of
Washington, D. C.; Samuel Bernstein, of Washington, D. C.; Walter
N. Palmquist, of Washington, D. C.; Harold B. Whitmore, of Wash-
ington, D. C.; Harry H. Frank, of New Castle, Pa.; Herbert S.
Levy, of Lancaster, Pa.; and Thomas M. Kerrigan, of Frackville,
Pa., were admitted to practice.
No. 10, original. The State of Texas, complainant, v. The State of
New Mexico et al. Motion as to costs submitted by Mr. H. Grady
Chandler for the complainant.
No. 11, original. The State of Texas, complainant, v. The State of
Florida et al. Argument on the exceptions to the report of the
Special Master commenced by Mr. William McCraw for the State
of Texas; continued by Mr. Seth T. Cole for the State of New
York; by Mr. George Couper Gibbs for the State of Florida; by Mr.
Edward O. Proctor for the Commonwealth of Massachusetts; by
Mr. Llewellyn B. Duke for the State of Texas; by Mr. Seth T. Cole
for the State of New York; and concluded by Mr. Edgar G. Hamil-
ton for the State of Florida; and submitted by Mr. Harrison Tweed,
Mr. Timothy N. Pfeiffer, Mr. Walter E. Hope, and Mr. George W.
Jaques for Wilks.
No. 509. Denis J. Driscoll, Thomas C. Buchanan, et al., appellants,
v. Edison Light and Power Company. Argument commenced by
Mr. Guy K. Bard for the appellants.
Adjourned until tomorrow at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Wednesday, February 8, will be as follows: Nos.
509, 426, 384, 495, 590 (and 591), 330, 441, 448, 449 (and 456),
and 453.
Х
99087-39-55

WEDNESDAY, FEBRUARY 8, 1939
149
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: The Chief Justice, Mr. Justice McReynolds, Mr. Justice
Brandeis, Mr. Justice Butler, Mr. Justice Stone, Mr. Justice Roberts,
Mr. Justice Black, Mr. Justice Reed, and Mr. Justice Frankfurter.
Southall R. Pfund, of Fairbanks, Alaska; C. Alpheus Stanfield, of
Hot Springs, Ark.; Owen G. Reichman, of Salt Lake City, Utah;
John Paschall Davis, of New York City; John B. Coleman, Jr., of
New York City; Harry Polikoff, of Philadelphia, Pa.: James H.
Hickey, of New York City; Ralph S. Rice, of Sioux Falls, S. Dak.;
Redmond F. Kernan, Jr., of New York City; Clifford R. Schuman,
of New York City; and Marie Louise Suter, of Washington, D. C.,
were admitted to practice.
No. 509. Denis J. Driscoll, Thomas C. Buchanan, et al., appellants,
v. Edison Light and Power Company. Argument continued by Mr.
Guy K. Bard and Mr. Edward Knuff for the appellants, and con-
cluded by Mr. Clarence W. Miles for the appellee.
No. 426. Milk Control Board of the Commonwealth of Pennsyl-
vania, petitioner, v. Eisenberg Farm Products. Argued by Mr. Harry
Polikoff for the petitioner and by Mr. Thomas D. Caldwell for the
respondent.
No. 384. Guaranty Trust Company of New York, as Trustee, etc.,
petitioner, v. Berryman Henwood, Trustee of St. Louis Southwestern
Railway Company, et al. Three hours allowed for oral argument.
Argument commenced by Mr. John W. Davis for the petitioner and
continued by Mr. A. H. Kiskaddon for respondent, Henwood,
Trustee.
Adjourned until tomorrow at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Thursday, February 9, will be as follows: Nos.
384, 495, 590 (and 591), 330, 441, 448, and 465.
99087-39--56
18
☑

THURSDAY, FEBRUARY 9, 1939
150
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: The Chief Justice, Mr. Justice McReynolds, Mr. Justice
Brandeis, Mr. Justice Butler, Mr. Justice Stone, Mr. Justice Roberts,
Mr. Justice Black, Mr. Justice Reed, and Mr. Justice Frankfurter.
Naneita Antilotti, of Atlanta, Ga.; William Joseph Devine, of
Englewood, N. J.; William J. Duiker, of Chicago, Ill; A. Louis
Flynn, of Chicago, Ill.; Gov Hutchinson, of Jacksonville, Fla.; and
Walter S. Smith, of Birmingham, Ala., were admitted to practice.
No. 384. Guaranty Trust Company of New York, as Trustee, etc.,
petitioner, v. Berryman Henwood, Trustee of St. Louis Southwestern
Railway Company, et al. Argument continued by Mr. A. H. Kiskad-
don for the respondent. Henwood, Trustee; by Mr. George L. Buland
for the respondent, Southern Pacific Company; by Mr. Carleton S.
Hadley for the respondent, Henwood, Trustee; and concluded by
Mr. Ralph M. Carson for the petitioner.
No. 495. Chemical Bank & Trust Company, as Trustee, etc., peti-
tioner, v. Berryman Henwood, Trustee of St. Louis Southwestern
Railway Company, Debtor, et al. Argued by Mr. Alfred H. Phillips
for the petitioner and by Mr. Carleton S. Hadley for the respondents.
No. 590. Bethlehem Steel Company, petitioner, v. Zurich General
Accident & Liability Insurance Company, Limited; and
No. 591. Bethlehem Steel Company, petitioner, v. Anglo-Conti-
nentale Treuhand, A. G., et al. Argument commenced by Mr. Fred-
erick H. Wood for the petitioner.
Adjourned until tomorrow at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Friday, February 10, will be as follows: Nos. 590
(and 591), 330, 441, and 465.
99087-39--57

FRIDAY, FEBRUARY 10, 1939
151
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: The Chief Justice, Mr. Justice McReynolds, Mr. Justice
Brandeis, Mr. Justice Butler, Mr. Justice Stone, Mr. Justice Roberts,
Mr. Justice Black, Mr. Justice Reed, and Mr. Justice Frankfurter.
Louis E. McArthur, of Washington, D. C.; S. P. Wilson, of Deer
Lodge, Mont.; Paul H. Brinson, of St. Petersburg, Fla.; S. Samuel
Arsht, of Wilmington, Del.; and John J. Bennett, Jr., of Brooklyn,
N. Y., were admitted to practice.
No. 465. Robert B. Honeyman, appellant, v. David B. Jacobs and
Mary V. Jacobs. Submitted by Mr. Robert B. Honeyman for the
appellant and by Mr. John John Bennett, Jr., Mr. Henry Epstein, Mr.
John F. X. McGohey, and Mr. Benjamin Heffner for the appellees.
No. 590. Bethlehem Steel Company, petitioner, v. Zurich General
Accident & Liability Insurance Company, Limited; and
No. 591. Bethlehem Steel Company, petitioner, v. Anglo-Conti-
nentale Treuhand, A. G., et al. Argument continued by Mr.
Frederick H. Wood for the petitioner; by Mr. Nathan L. Miller for
the respondent in No. 590; and concluded by Mr. Harry Hoffman
for the respondent in No. 591.
No. 330. Eugene Kessler, District Director of Immigration and
Naturalization, petitioner, v. Joseph George Strecker. Argument com-
menced by Mr. Solicitor General Jackson for the petitioner and
continued by Mr. Whitney North Seymour for the respondent.
Adjourned until Monday next at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Monday, February 13, will be as follows: No. 330.
99087-39-58

MONDAY, FEBRUARY 13, 1939
152
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: The Chief Justice, Mr. Justice Brandeis, Mr. Justice But-
ler, Mr. Justice Stone, Mr. Justice Roberts, Mr. Justice Black, Mr.
Justice Reed, and Mr. Justice Frankfurter.
Dwight H. Brown, of Jefferson City, Mo.; Robert C. C. Heaney, of
Grand Rapids, Mich.; John W. Arcari, of Westbury, N. Y.; Edward
A. Sullivan, of New York City; David Di Pirro, of New York City;
Edmund J. Roberts, of New York City; Joseph A. Mauro, of Brook-
lyn, N. Y.; William J. Magee, of Brooklyn, N. Y.; Robert B. Cald-
well, of Kansas City, Mo.; Fred G. Mancuso, of Kansas City, Mo.;
Harold J. McLaughlin, of New York City; Oscar A. Thompson, of
New York City; James C. Getzen, Jr., of Bushnell, Fla.; George A.
Garvey, of New York City; Raymond J. Scully, of New York City;
John O. Driscoll, of Brooklyn, N. Y.; Philip F. Di Costanzo, of
Brooklyn, N. Y.; Vincent Paul O'Brien, of New York City; Arthur
A. Wilson, Jr., of Rutherford, N. J.; Anthony T. Antinozzi, of Rye,
N. Y.; Henry A. Fiscella, of Brooklyn, N. Y.; and James E. Turner,
of Brooklyn, N. Y., were admitted to practice.
No. 269. Interstate Circuit, Inc., Texas Consolidated Theatres,
Inc., et al., appellants, v. The United States of America; and
No. 270. Paramount Pictures Distributing Company, Inc., Vita-
graph, Inc., et al., appellants, v. The United States of America. Ap-
peals from the District Court of the United States for the Northern
District of Texas. Decree affirmed. Opinion by Mr. Justice Stone.
Mr. Justice Frankfurter took no part in the consideration or decision
of this case. Dissenting opinion by Mr. Justice Roberts in which
Mr. Justice McReynolds and Mr. Justice Butler join.
No. 605. Public Service Commission of the State of Missouri, et al.,
appellants, v. Brashear Freight Lines, Inc., et al. Appeal from the
District Court of the United States for the Western District of Mis-
souri. Dismissed for the want of jurisdiction. Opinion, per curiam,
announced by Mr. Chief Justice Hughes.
99087-39- -59

MONDAY, FEBRUARY 13, 1939
The Chief Justice said:
153
"
"The orders of the Court appear upon the list certified by the Chief
Justice and filed with the Clerk and will not be announced orally.'
No., original, Ex parte J. L. Stewart, petitioner. The motion
for leave to file petition for writ of habeas corpus is denied.
No. 10, original. The State of Texas, complainant, v. The State
of New Mexico et al. The Clerk of this Court is authorized to
accept from complainant, a warrant drawn by the State of Texas,
the amount of said warrant when collected to be applied to costs
which may be taxed against the complainant.
No. 626. Evelyn Treinies, petitioner, v. Sunshine Mining Company
et al. The motion for leave to proceed in forma pauperis is granted.
The petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court
of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit is also granted.
No. 609. Ernest Verheul, petitioner, v. James A. Johnston, War-
den, U. S. Penitentiary, Alcatraz, California. On petition for writ
of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the
Ninth Circuit; and
No. 633. Horace L. Lohnes, Admininstrator, c. t. a., petitioner,
v. William H. Webb, Administrator. On petition for writ of certio-
rari to the United States Court of Appeals for the District of Co-
lumbia. The motions for leave to proceed further herein in forma
pauperis are denied for the reason that the Court, upon examination
of the papers herein submitted, finds no ground upon which writs of
certiorari should be issued. The petitions for writs of certiorari are
therefore also denied.
No. 636. Manning Strewl, John Joseph Oley, et al., petitioners,
v. The United States of America. On petition for writ of certiorari
to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit.
The motion for leave to proceed further herein in forma pauperis is
denied for the reason that the Court, upon examination of the papers
herein submitted, finds that the application for writ of certiorari
was not made within the time provided by law, Rule XI, Rules of
Practice and Procedure in Criminal Cases (292 U. S. 665). The
petition for writ of certiorari is therefore also denied.
No. 582. Electrical Fittings Corporation et al., petitioners, v. The
Thomas & Betts Co. et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit
granted.
No. 557. William V. Hartman, petitioner, v. John E. Sloan,
United States Marshal, etc. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Third Circuit denied.

MONDAY, FEBRUARY 13, 1939
154
No. 578. O. H. Carlisle, petitioner, v. M. Frank Hammond, United
States Marshal, etc. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United
States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 559. Mrs. Sallie Brown, in her own right and as administra-
trix, etc., petitioner, v. New York Life Insurance Company. Peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of
Appeals for the Fourth Circuit denied.
No. 560. Forest Glen Creamery Company, petitioner, v. Commis-
sioner of Internal Revenue. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Seventh Circuit
denied.
No. 569. International-Great Northern Railroad Company et al.,
petitioners, v. R. M. Hawthorne. Petition for writ of certiorari to
the Supreme Court of the State of Texas denied.
No. 570. Verser-Clay Company, Mid-Continent Crude Oil Pur-
chasing Company et al., petitioners, v. United States Securities and
Exchange Commission. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United
States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Tenth Circuit denied.
No. 574. Zero Church, petitioner, v. J. B. Britton, R. B. Tyler &
Company et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court
of the State of South Carolina denied.
No. 577. Ezra Frend, George J. Cullinen, et al., petitioners, v. The
United States of America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
United States Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia denied.
No. 579. The Pike Rapids Power Company, petitioner, v. Min-
neapolis, St. Paul & Sault Ste. Marie Railway Company. Petition
for writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals
for the Eighth Circuit denied.
No. 583. The Pennsylvania Railroad Company, petitioner, v.
Annie L. Tobin. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia denied.
No. 588. The United States of America, on the relation of John
W. Cromwell, petitioner, v. Marion Wade Doyle, President, Board
of Education, District of Columbia, et al. Petition for writ of cer-
tiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the District of
Columbia denied.
No. 513. James Sheppard Potts, petitioner, v. Norman L. Flippen,
Administrator, et al.; and
No. 519. Minneapolis, St. Paul & Sault Ste. Marie Railway Com-
pany, petitioner, v. The Pike Rapids Power Company. Petitions
for rehearing denied.

MONDAY, FEBRUARY 13, 1939
155
ORDER
The revision of the Rules of this Court has been this day lodged
with the Clerk, and It is ordered that the said Rules shall become
effective February 27, 1939, and be printed as an appendix to Volume
306 of the United States Reports.
It is further ordered that the Rules promulgated June 5, 1928, ap-
pearing in Volume 275, United States Reports, appendix, and all
amendments thereof are rescinded, but this shall not affect any
proper action taken under them before the Rules hereby adopted
become effective.
No. 330. Eugene Kessler, District Director of Immigration and
Naturalization, petitioner, v. Joseph George Strecker. Argument
continued by Mr. Whitney North Seymour and by Mr. C. A. Stan-
field for the respondent, and concluded by Mr. Solicitor General
Jackson for the petitioner.
Adjourned until Monday, February 27, next, at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Monday, February 27, will be as follows: Nos.
651, 441, 65, 166 (and 167), 603, 177, 448, 453, 460, and 462.
✓

1
MONDAY, FEBRUARY 27, 1939
156
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: The Chief Justice, Mr. Justice McReynolds, Mr. Justice
Butler, Mr. Justice Stone, Mr. Justice Roberts, Mr. Justice Black,
Mr. Justice Reed, and Mr. Justice Frankfurter.
Woodson Morris Miles, of Union City, Tenn.; Thomas Newman
Lawler, of New York City; Paul Edward Waring, of Washington,
D. C.; William G. Cullen, of Washington, D. C.; Salvador Araneta,
of Manila, P. I.; Aaron Finger, of Wilmington, Del.; Henry N.
Paul, Jr., of Philadelphia, Pa.; George L. Sisson, of Fall River,
Mass.; Weightstill Woods, of Chicago, Ill.; Hunter J. von Leer, of
Terre Haute, Ind.; Jacob Levine, of New York City; Carl V. Wisner,
Jr., of Chicago, Ill.; Anthony William Deller, of New York City;
Abner E. Lipscomb, of Waco, Tex.; Walter A. Herley, of Coatesville,
Pa.; Henry M. Sackett, Jr., of Lynchburg, Va.; Paul H. Coleman,
of Lynchburg, Va.; Paul Whitehead, of Lynchburg, Va.; Edward
W. Erfurt, Jr., of Columbus, Ohio; Charles M. Lyman, of New
Haven, Conn.; Francis Hoague, of Concord, Mass.; Samuel M.
Rosenstein, of Frankfort, Ky.; Joseph J. Leary, of Frankfort, Ky.;
Charles Gordon Watts, of Wagoner, Okla.; Clayton A. Avriett, of
Jasper, Fla.; and Benjamin Kaplan, of New York City, were admitted
to practice.
No. 418. A. B. Hale, as Chairman, and E. A. McColskey, et al.,
etc., appellants, v. Bimco Trading, Inc., and Broward County Port
Authority. Appeal from the District Court of the United States for
the Northern District of Florida. Decree affirmed with costs.
Opinion by Mr. Justice Frankfurter.
No. 364. Keifer and Keifer, a co-partnership, composed of J.
Warren Keifer, Jr., and Oswin Keifer, petitioner, v. Reconstruction
Finance Corporation and Regional Agricultural Credit Corporation
of Sioux City, Iowa. On writ of certiorari to the United States
Circuit Court of Appeals for the Eighth Circuit. Judgment re-
versed and cause remanded to the District Court of the United States
for the District of Nebraska for further proceedings in conformity
with the opinion of this Court. Opinion by Mr. Justice Frankfurter.
No. 142. Hugh Pierre, petitioner, v. State of Louisiana. On writ
of certiorari to the Supreme Court of the State of Louisiana. Judg-
99087-39-60

MONDAY, FEBRUARY 27, 1939
157
ment reversed with costs and cause remanded to the said Supreme
Court for further proceedings not inconsistent with the opinion of
this Court. Opinion by Mr. Justice Black.
No. 391. The United States of America, petitioner, v. Elizabeth C.
Jacobs, Executrix, etc. On writ of certiorari to the United States
Circuit Court of Appeals for the Seventh Circuit; and
No. 482. Edward Jordan Dimock, as Substituted Executor of the
last will and testament of Henry C. Folger, deceased, etc., petitioner
v. Walter C. Corwin, Late Collector of Internal Revenue, First Dis-
trict of New York. On writ of certiorari to the United States Cir-
cuit Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit. In No. 391 judgment
reversed and cause remanded to the District Court of the United
States for the Northern District of Illinois for further proceedings in
conformity with the opinion of this Court; in No. 482 judgment
affirmed with costs and cause remanded to the District Court of the
United States for the Eastern District of New York. Opinion by
Mr. Justice Black. Mr. Justice Stone took no part in the considera-
tion or decision of these cases. Dissenting: Mr. Justice McReynolds,
Mr. Justice Butler, and Mr. Justice Roberts.
No. 312. John M. Taylor, Oscar A. Kennedy, and H. Russell Hast-
ings, as the Independent Committee for the Protection of the Holders
of Preferred Stock of Deep Rock Oil Corporation, petitioners, v.
Standard Gas and Electric Company et al. On writ of certiorari to
the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Tenth Circuit.
Judgment reversed with costs and cause remanded to the District
Court of the United States for the Northern District of Oklahoma
for further proceedings in conformity with the opinion of this Court.
Opinion by Mr. Justice Roberts. Mr. Justice Frankfurter took no
part in the consideration or decision of this case.
No. 360. The United States of America, petitioner, v. Charles F.
Towery, in his own right, etc. On writ of certiorari to the United
States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Seventh Circuit. Judgment
reversed and cause remanded to the District Court of the United
States for the Northern District of Illinois for further proceedings
in conformity with the opinion of this Court. Opinion by Mr.
Justice Roberts.
No. 274. National Labor Relations Board, petitioner, v. The Sands
Manufacturing Company. On writ of certiorari to the United States
Circuit Court of Appeals for the Sixth Circuit. Judgment affirmed
and cause remanded to the said Circuit Court of Appeals. Opinion
by Mr. Justice Roberts. Dissenting: Mr. Justice Black and Mr.
Justice Reed. Mr. Justice Frankfurter took no part in the consid-
eration or decision of this case.

MONDAY, FEBRUARY 27, 1939
158
No. 426. Milk Control Board of the Commonwealth of Pennsyl-
vania, petitioner v. Eisenberg Farm Products. On writ of certi-
orari to the Supreme Court of the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania.
Decree reversed with costs and cause remanded to the said Supreme
Court for further proceedings not inconsistent with the opinion of
this Court. Opinion by Mr. Justice Roberts. Dissenting: Mr.
Justice McReynolds and Mr. Justice Butler.
No. 188. Edward H. Titus, petitioner, v. Lou C. Wallick. On
writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of the State of Ohio. Judg-
ment reversed with costs and cause remanded to the said Supreme
Court for further proceedings not inconsistent with the opinion of
this Court. Opinion by Mr. Justice Stone.
No. 229. National Labor Relations Board, petitioner, v. Columbian
Enameling and Stamping Company, Inc. On writ of certiorari to
the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Seventh Circuit.
Judgment affirmed, and cause remanded to the said Circuit Court of
Appeals. Opinion by Mr. Justice Stone. Mr. Justice Frankfurter
took no part in the consideration or decision of this case. Dissenting
opinion by Mr. Justice Black in which Mr. Justice Reed joins.
No. 416. The United States of America, petitioner, v. Bertelsen
& Petersen Engineering Company. On writ of certiorari to the
United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the First Circuit; and
No. 437. The United States of America, petitioner, v. C. T. Jaffray,
R. H. M. Robinson et al., etc. On writ of certiorari to the United
States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Eighth Circuit. In No. 416,
judgment affirmed and cause remanded to the District Court of the
United States for the District of Massachusetts. In No. 437, judg-
ment affirmed and cause remanded to the District Court of the
United States for the District of Minnesota. Opinion by Mr. Justice
McReynolds. Mr. Justice Reed took no part in the consideration or
decision of these cases.
No. 436. National Labor Relations Board, petitioner, v. Fansteel
Metallurgical Corporation. On writ of certiorari to the United
States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Seventh Circuit. Judgment
modified and as so modified affirmed, and cause remanded to the
said Circuit Court of Appeals for further proceedings in conformity
with the opinion of this Court. Opinion by Mr. Chief Justice
Hughes. Mr. Justice Frankfurter took no part in the consideration
and decision of this case. Opinion by Mr. Justice Stone concurring
in part. Opinion by Mr. Justice Reed dissenting in part in which
Mr. Justice Black concurs.
No. 367. Frank Eichholz, appellant, v. Public Service Commission
of the State of Missouri et al. Appeal from the District Court of

MONDAY, FEBRUARY 27, 1939
159
the United States for the Western District of Missouri. Decree
affirmed with costs. Opinion by Mr. Chief Justice Hughes.
The Chief Justice announced the following order of the Court:
No. 643. Willie Eva Simmons, appellant, v. The Board of Educa-
tion of the City of Muskogee of the State of Oklahoma et al.
Appeal from the District Court of the United States for the Eastern.
District of Oklahoma. Per curiam: The motion to dismiss on the
ground that the cause has become moot is denied. The motion to
affirm is granted upon the ground that the questions on which the
decision of the cause depends are so unsubstantial as not to need
further argument. Rule 7, par. 4. The judgment is affirmed.
The Chief Justice said:
"The other orders of the Court appear upon the list certified by
the Chief Justice and filed with the Clerk and will not be announced
orally."
-
No. In the matter of the disbarment of Walter C. Balderston.
It having been reported to the Court that the District Court of
the United States for the District of Columbia has entered an order
accepting the resignation of Walter C. Balderston as a member of
the Bar of said Court, directing that his name be stricken from its
roll of attorneys and prohibiting said Walter C. Balderston from
practicing law and holding himself out to be an attorney at law in
the District of Columbia, it is ordered that the said Walter C. Balder-
ston be, and he is hereby, suspended from the practice of law in
this Court, and that a rule issue, returnable within forty (40) days,
requiring him to show cause why he should not be disbarred from the
practice of law in this Court.
No. -, original. Ex parte Albert Leighton, petitioner. The mo-
tion for leave to file petition for writ of mandamus is denied.
No., original. Ex parte Joseph J. O'Brien, petitioner. The
motions for leave to file petitions for writs of habeas corpus and man-
damus are denied.
No. 652. Ira Ellis Veal, petitioner, v. The United States of
America. On petition for writ of certiorari to the United States.
Circuit Court of Appeals for the Sixth Circuit; and
No. 690. Charles Eddy, petitioner, v. William Hunt, as Warden of
Attica State Prison, Attica, New York. On petition for writ of
certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the
Second Circuit. The motions for leave to proceed further herein
in forma pauperis are denied for the reason that the Court, upon

MONDAY, FEBRUARY 27, 1939
160
examination of the papers herein submitted, finds no ground upon
which writs of certiorari should be issued. The petitions for writs
of certiorari are therefore also denied.
No. 606. Santa Monica Mountain Park Company, Ltd., petitioner,
v. The United States of America. Petition for writ of certiorari
to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit
granted.
No. 585. S. S. Kresge Company, petitioner, v. Kitty Amsler,
Vernon House-Wright, et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Eighth Circuit
denied. Mr. Justice Stone and Mr. Justice Roberts took no part in
the consideration and decision of this application.
No. 592. Manhattan Railway Company et al., etc., petitioners, v.
Van S. Merle-Smith, et al.; and
No. 593. Manhattan Railway Company et al., etc., petitioners, v.
Van S. Merle-Smith, et al. Petition for writs of certiorari to the
United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit denied.
The Chief Justice took no part in the consideration and decision of
this application.
No. 597. Patrick D. Fahey, as Receiver, et al., petitioners, v.
William C. Cook, James S. McClellan, et al. On consideration of the
suggestion of a diminution of the record and motion for a writ of
certiorari in that relation, the motion for a writ of certiorari is de-
nied. The petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Cir-
cuit Court of Appeals for the Seventh Circuit is denied.
No. 564. The Sioux Tribe of Indians, petitioner, v. The United
States. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Claims
denied.
No. 589. Steve Ark et al., petitioners, v. Fansteel Metallurgical
Corporation. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court
of the State of Illinois denied.
No. 596. Westchester County, petitioner, v. The Sound Marine and
Machine Corporation. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United
States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit denied.
No. 600. In the matter of Clayton C. Gilliland, petitioner. Peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of the State of
Michigan denied.
No. 602. Northern Trust Company of Chicago, Executor, et al.,
petitioners, v. Sarah Drain Edenborn. Petition for writ of certiorari
to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit
denied.
No. 542. Oscar Lee, Warden of the Wisconsin State Prison,
Waupun, Wisconsin, petitioner, v. Jerry Pero and Paul Moore. Peti-

MONDAY, FEBRUARY 27, 1939
161
tion for writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of
Appeals for the Seventh denied.
No. 594. American Potash and Chemical Corporation, petitioner,
v. National Labor Relations Board. Petition for writ of certiorari
to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit
denied.
No. 599. Edgar Cowherd, petitioner, v. Phoenix Joint Stock Land
Bank of Kansas City et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Eighth Circuit
denied.
No. 601. Joseph Divack, petitioner, v. Charles Goldberg, Trustee
in Bankruptcy. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Circuit Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit denied.
No. 604. State Farm Mutual Automobile Insurance Company of
Bloomington, Illinois, petitioner, v. J. Vern Dewalt. Petition for
writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for
the Eighth Circuit denied.
No. 607. Mrs. Robert H. Herring, petitioner, v. Alabama Great
Southern Railroad Company. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
Supreme Court of the State of Alabama denied.
No. 610. Kate Hudson, petitioner, v. Commissioner of Internal
Revenue. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Cir-
cuit Court of Appeals for the Sixth Circuit denied.
No. 611. Herzberg's Inc., petitioner, v. Ocean Accident & Guar-
antee Corp., Inc. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Circuit Court of Appeals for the Eighth Circuit denied.
No. 618. Josephine Jump, nee Strikeaxe, et al., petitioners, v. C. L.
Ellis, Superintendent of the Osage Indian Agency. Petition for
writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for
the Tenth Circuit denied.
No. 620. Edward P. Harris, as President of the Calcocraft, peti-
titioner v. National Labor Relations Board. Petition for writ of
certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the
Third Circuit denied.
No. 621. The Atlantic Coast Line Company, petitioner, v. The
United States of America;
No. 622. The Atlantic Coast Line Company, petitioner, v. The
United States of America; and
v. The
No. 623. The Atlantic Coast Line Company, petitioner,
United States of America. Petition for writs of certiorari to the
United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Fourth Circuit
denied.

MONDAY, FEBRUARY 27, 1939
162
No. 523. A. R. Eppenauer et al., petitioners, v. The Ohio Oil Com-
pany (Marathon Oil Company, Original plaintiff);
No. 532. W. P. Deppe, petitioner, v. General Motors Corporation;
and
No. 547. The State of Ohio, ex rel. Carl Green, petitioner, v.
Charles E. King, Clerk, etc., et al. Petitions for rehearing denied.
No., original. Ex parte Patriotic Society of Unemployed People
of the United States, petitioner. Motion for leave to file petition
for writ of mandamus submitted by Mr. H. Eugene Gardner for the
petitioner.
No. 651. Frank Hague, Individually and as Mayor of Jersey City,
et al., etc., petitioners v. Committee for Industrial Organization
et al. Three hours allowed for oral argument. Argument com-
menced by Mr. Charles Hershenstein for the petitioners; and con-
tinued by Mr. Edward J. O'Mara for the petitioners and by Mr.
Morris L. Ernst for the respondents.
Adjourned until tomorrow at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Tuesday, February 28, will be as follows: Nos.
651, 441, 65, 166 (167 and 603), 177, 548, 448, 453, 460, and 462.
☑

TUESDAY, FEBRUARY 28, 1939
163
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: The Chief Justice, Mr. Justice McReynolds, Mr. Justice
Butler, Mr. Justice Stone, Mr. Justice Roberts, Mr. Justice Black,
Mr. Justice Reed, and Mr. Justice Frankfurter.
Gladys M. Everett, of Portland, Oreg.; James C. Havron, of Nash-
ville, Tenn.; James M. Nabrit, Jr., of Houston, Tex.; Harley Lang-
dale, of Valdosta, Ga.; Arthur L. Brogden, of Jacksonville, Fla.;
Travis H. Edwards, of Washington, D. C.; John Stuart Hunt, of
Washington, D. C.; Charles William Carhart, of Washington, D. C.;
Clair V. Johnson, of Larchmont, N. Y.; Gene M. Harris, of Santa
Barbara, Calif.; Ellis Klein, of Washington, D. C.; Paul G. Borron,
of Baton Rouge, La.; Nelle W. Lewis, of Oklahoma City, Okla.;
and William C. Lewis, Jr., of Oklahoma City, Okla., were admitted
to practice.
No. 651. Frank Hague, Individually and as Mayor of Jersey City,
et al., etc., petitioners, v. Committee For Industrial Organization et
al. Argument continued by Mr. Spaulding Frazer for the respond-
ents and concluded by Mr. Charles Hershenstein for the petitioners.
No. 441. The Electric Storage Battery Co., petitioner, v. Genzo
Shimadzu, and Northeastern Engineering Corporation. Argued by
Mr. Hugh M. Morris for the petitioner and by Mr. Edmund B. Whit-
comb and Mr. George Whitefield Betts, Jr., for the respondents.
No. 65. Douglas Fairbanks, petitioner, v. The United States of
of America. Argued by Mr. William Stanley for the petitioner and
by Mr. Andrew D. Sharpe for the respondent.
Adjourned until tomorrow at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Wednesday, March 1, will be as follows: Nos. 166
(167 and 603), 177, 548, 448, 453, 460, 462, 466 (and 479),
478, and 491.
99087-39-61

WEDNESDAY, MARCH 1, 1939
164
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: The Chief Justice, Mr. Justice McReynolds, Mr. Justice
Butler, Mr. Justice Stone, Mr. Justice Roberts, Mr. Justice Black,
Mr. Justice Reed, and Mr. Justice Frankfurter.
Waldemar Q. Van Cott, of Salt Lake City, Utah; Ben Frank Saye,
of Duncan, Okla.; Benjamin G. Wilson, of Jasper, Ala.; Cornelius
O. Donahue, of New York City; Fred G. Benton, of Baton Rouge,
La.; and Herbert V. Mueller, of New York City, were admitted to
practice.
No. 166. The Toledo Pressed Steel Company, petitioner, v. Stand-
ard Parts, Inc.;
No. 167. The Toledo Pressed Steel Company, petitioner, v.
Huebner Supply Company; and
No. 603. Montgomery Ward & Company, Inc., petitioner, v. The
Toledo Pressed Steel Company. Argument commenced by Mr.
Samuel E. Darby, Jr., for the petitioner in Nos. 166 and 167 and
respondent in No. 603; continued by Mr. W. P. Bair for the re-
spondents in Nos. 166 and 167; by Mr. Carl V. Wisner, Jr., for the
petitioner in No. 603; and concluded by Mr. Wilbur Owen for the
petitioner in Nos. 166 and 167 and respondent in No. 603.
No. 177. J. S. Kohn, M. S. Kohn, et al., appellants, v. Central
Distributing Co., Inc., et al. Argument commenced by Mr. Harvey
H. Smith for the appellant.
Adjourned until tomorrow at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Thursday, March 2, will be as follows: Nos. 177,
548, 448, 453, 460, 462, 466 (and 479), 478, 491, and 498.
99087-39-62

THURSDAY, MARCH 2, 1939
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
165
Present: The Chief Justice, Mr. Justice McReynolds, Mr. Justice
Butler, Mr. Justice Stone, Mr. Justice Roberts, Mr. Justice Black,
Mr. Justice Reed, and Mr. Justice Frankfurter.
Ernest Buehler, of Chicago, Ill.; C. C. Peters, Jr., of Fort Worth,
Tex.; James A. Finch, of Cape Girardeau, Mo.; Lucius Arhold Frye,
of New York City; and Thomas H. Wick, of Dayton, Ohio, were
admitted to practice.
No. 177. J. S. Kohn, M. S. Kohn, et al., appellants, v. Central
Distributing Co., Inc., et al. Argument continued by Mr. Harvey H.
Smith for the appellants; by Mr. J. J. Leary for the appellees; and
concluded by Mr. Harvey H. Smith for the appellants.
No. 548. H. V. B. Smith et al. v. Motorship "Ferncliff" et al.
Argued by Mr. Charles R. Hickox for Smith et al., and by Mr. George
Whitfield Betts, Jr., and Mr. George Forbes for the Motorship "Fern-
cliff" et al.
No. 448. David T. Wilentz, J. H. Thayer-Martin, et al., appel-
lants, v. Sovereign Camp, Woodmen of the World. Argued by Mr.
E. J. Dimock for the appellants and by Mr. David M. Wood and Mr.
Arthur T. Vanderbilt for the appellee.
Adjourned until tomorrow at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Friday, March 3, will be as follows: Nos. 453,
460, 462, 466 (and 479), 478, 491, 498, 481, 486 (and 487), and
492 (and 493).
99087-39-63

FRIDAY, MARCH 3, 1939
166
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: The Chief Justice, Mr. Justice McReynolds, Mr. Justice
Butler, Mr. Justice Stone, Mr. Justice Roberts, Mr. Justice Black,
Mr. Justice Reed, and Mr. Justice Frankfurter.
Max G. Baron, of St. Louis, Mo.; Brendan F. Brown, of Omaha,
Nebr.; Sidney J. Kaplan, of New York City; Mary J. McGlone, of
Boston, Mass.; Francis J. Stoegerer, of Washington, D. C.; and
T. Carl Nixon, of Rochester, N. Y., were admitted to practice.
ORDER
It is ordered by the Court that the accompanying correspondence
between members of the Court and Mr. Justice Brandeis be this day
spread upon the minutes and that it also be printed in the reports
of the Court.
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
WASHINGTON, D. C.
FEBRUARY 17, 1939.
Dear Justice BRANDEIS: We deeply regret that you have found it
advisable to retire from your regular active service as Associate
Justice, a service which you have rendered for over twenty-two years
with a vigor and devotion which have never been surpassed. Your
long practical experience and intimate knowledge of affairs, the wide
range of your researches and your grasp of the most difficult prob-
lems, together with your power of analysis and your thoroughness in
exposition, have made your judicial career one of extraordinary dis-
tinction and far-reaching influence. It has always been gratifying
to observe that the intensity of your labors has never been permitted
to disturb your serenity of spirit and we shall have an abiding mem-
ory of your never-failing friendliness. We trust that, relieved of
the pressing burden of regular court work, you may be able to
conserve the strength which has been so lavishly used in the public
service, and that you may enjoy many years of continued vigor. We
99087-39- -64
1.

FRIDAY, MARCH 3, 1939
167
extend to you our best wishes and the assurance of our affection and
profound esteem.
Faithfully yours,
Mr. Justice BRANDEIS.
CHARLES E. HUGHES,
PIERCE BUTLER,
HARLAN F. STONE,
OWEN J. ROBERTS,
HUGO L. BLACK,
STANLEY REED,
FELIX FRANKFURTER.
2205 CALIFORNIA STREET
WASHINGTON, D. C.
FEBRUARY 18, 1939.
My dear CHIEF JUSTICE: You and the Associate Justices are very
generous. Our friendship gives assurance that throughout the years
to come we shall remain companions.
Cordially,
LOUIS D. BRANDEIS.
No. 453. United States Trust Company of New York, as Executor,
etc., petitioner, v. Commissioner of Internal Revenue. Argued by Mr.
Wilder Goodwin for the petitioner and by Mr. J. Louis Monarch for
the respondent.
No. 460. I. W. Lane, petitioner, v. Jess Wilson, John Moss, and
Marion Parks. Argument commenced by Mr. Charles A. Chandler
for the petitioner; continued by Mr. James M. Nabrit, Jr., for the
petitioner; by Mr. Charles G. Watts and Mr. Joseph C. Stone for the
respondents; and concluded by Mr. James M. Nabrit, Jr., for the
petitioner.
No. 462. Powers Higginbotham, appellant, . City of Baton Rouge,
Louisiana. Argument commenced by Mr. Paul G. Borron for the
appellant. The Court declined to hear further argument.
No. 466. Honolulu Oil Corporation, Ltd., et al., petitioners, v.
Erle P. Halliburton et al.; and
No. 479. Erle P. Halliburton et al., petitioners, v. Honolulu Oil
Corporation, Ltd., et al. Argument commenced by Mr. A. W. Boy-
ken for the Honolulu Oil Corporation, Ltd., et al.
Adjourned until Monday next at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Monday, March 6, will be as follows: Nos. 466
(and 479), 478, 491, 498, 481, 505, 514, 508, 486 (and 487), and
492 (and 493).

MONDAY, MARCH 6, 1939
168
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: Mr. Justice McReynolds, Mr. Justice Butler, Mr. Justice
Stone, Mr. Justice Roberts, Mr. Justice Black, Mr. Justice Reed, and
Mr. Justice Frankfurter.
William J. Connor, of Washington, D. C.; H. D. Emery, of Bar-
tlesville, Okla.; John A. McIntire, of Springfield, Ohio; Ralph E.
Mizelle, of New York City; O. John Rogge, of Chicago, Ill.; Morris
Weingarten, of Washington, D. C.; Charles Allan Hart, Jr., of
Portland, Oreg.; William Concannon Walsh, of Cumberland, Md.;
William H. Parsons, of Washington, D. C.; and James Lyman Het-
land, of Minneapolis, Minn., were admitted to practice.
Mr. Justice McReynolds said:
"The orders of the Court properly certified, appear upon the list
filed with the Clerk and will not be announced orally."
No.
-
original. Ex parte Patriotic Society of Unemployed Per-
sons of the United States, petitioner. The motion for leave to file
petition for writ of mandamus is denied.
No. 314. Wichita Royalty Company et al., petitioners, v. City
National Bank of Wichita Falls, et al. The motion of petitioners
to tax costs is denied without prejudice to an application to the
proper court at the proper time.
No. 666. Chippewa Indians of Minnesota, appellant, v. The United
States. In this case probable jurisdiction is noted.
No. 613. Southern Pacific Company, petitioner, v. The United
States. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Claims granted.
No. 504. Carlisle Lumber Company, petitioner, v. National Labor
Relations Board. The motion to consider the petition on the type-
written record is granted. The petition for writ of certiorari to the
United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit is
denied.
No. 616. Victor W. Nelson, petitioner, v. Lon J. Darley, Alabama
Public Utilities Company, et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to
the Supreme Court of the State of Alabama denied.
No. 617. Pennsylvania Salt Manufacturing Company, petitioner,
v. The United States. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United
States Court of Customs and Patent Appeals denied.
99087-39-65

MONDAY, MARCH 6, 1939
169
No. 619. Kennesaw Mountain Battlefield Association et al., peti-
tioners, v. The United States of America. Petition for writ of cer-
tiorari to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Fifth
Circuit denied.
No. 625. Trustees of Lumber Investment Association, petitioner, v.
Guy T. Helvering, Commissioner of Internal Revenue. Petition for
writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for
the Seventh Circuit denied.
No. 637. Russell S. Simmons et al., petitioners, v. Anastasia M.
Toohey; and
No. 638. Bertha H. Smith, petitioner, v. Leroy E. Schwier. Peti-
tion for writs of certiorari to the Supreme Court of the State of
Ohio denied.
No. 639. Joseph C. Bajoras, petitioner, v. The United States of
America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Cir-
cuit Court of Appeals for the Third Circuit denied.
No. 642. James F. Pickett, petitioner, v. The United States of
America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit
Court of Appeals for the Eighth Circuit denied.
No. 656. City of Ocean City, New Jersey, petitioner, v. Federal
Reserve Bank of Philadelphia. Petition for writ of certiorari to
the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Third Circuit
denied.
No. 127. Mackay Radio and Telegraph Company, Inc., petitioner,
v. Radio Corporation of America. Ordered that the opinion in this
case be modified by substituting for the last five lines of the third
paragraph on page 8, the following: "to wire lengths not multiples
of half wave lengths, must fail, because such structures are not
within the invention described in the application."
And by striking from the third line on page 11 of the opinion
the words "the angle of."
And by striking from the opinion the full sentence beginning in
the fourth line on page 11.
The petition for rehearing is denied.
No. 515. Carl K. Lifson, Administrator of the Estate of Benjamin
Lifson, deceased, et al., petitioners, v. Commissioner of Internal Rev-
enue. The motion for leave to file the petition for rehearing is
denied.
No. 556. Frances S. Ryan, petitioner, v. The United States of
America; and
No. 571. Thomas W. Cook, petitioner, v. Jennie G. Lewis et al.
Petitions for rehearing denied.

MONDAY, MARCH 6, 1939
170
A
ORDER
The Court will take a recess from Monday, March 13, until Monday,
March 27, next.
No. 728. Clifford Chambers, appellant, v. The State of North
Dakota. Appeal from the Supreme Court of the State of North
Dakota. Docketed and dismissed on motion of counsel for the
appellee.
No. 567. Paramount Pictures, Inc., et al., appellants, v. William A.
Langer, Individually etc., et al.; and
No. 568. Paramount Pictures, Inc., et al, appellants, v. Alvin C.
Strutz, Individually, etc., et al. Motion of appellants to reverse and
remand with directions to dismiss the bills of complaint upon the
ground that the cases are moot submitted by Mr. Thomas D. Thacher
for the appellants with leave to the appellees to reply within ten
days.
No. 466. Honolulu Oil Corporation, Ltd., et al., petitioners, v.
Erle P. Halliburton et al.; and
No. 479. Erle P. Halliburton et al., petitioners, v. Honolulu Oil
Corporation, Ltd., et al. Argument continued by Mr. A. W. Boyken
for the Honolulu Oil Corporation, Ltd., et al.; by Mr. Leonard S.
Lyon and Mr. William H. Davis for Erle P. Halliburton, et al.;
and concluded by Mr. A. W. Boyken for the Honolulu Oil Corpora-
tion, Ltd., et al.
No. 478. Mark Graves, John J. Merrill, and John P. Hennessey, as
Commissioners Constituting the State Tax Commission of the State
of New York, petitioners, v. The People of the State of New York,
upon the relation of James B. O'Keefe. Argument commenced by
Mr. Henry Epstein for the petitioner; continued by Mr. Solicitor
General Jackson for the United States, as amicus curiae, by special
leave of Court; and concluded by Mr. Daniel McNamara, Jr., for
the respondent.
No. 491. The State Tax Commission of Utah et al., petitioners, v.
W. Q. Van Cott. Argument commenced by Mr. Irwin Arnovitz for
the petitioners.
Adjourned until tomorrow at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Tuesday, March 7, will be as follows: Nos. 491,
498, 481, 505, 514, 508, 516, 517, 541, and 486 (and 487).

Х
TUESDAY, MARCH 7, 1939
171
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: Mr. Justice McReynolds, Mr. Justice Butler, Mr. Justice
Stone, Mr. Justice Roberts, Mr. Justice Black, Mr. Justice Reed, and
Mr. Justice Frankfurter.
Bronson Cooper Jacoway, of Little Rock, Ark.; and A. J. Little,
of Valdosta, Ga., were admitted to practice.
No. 491. The State Tax Commission of Utah et al., petitioners, v.
W. Q. Van Cott. Argument continued by Mr. Irwin Arnovitz for
the petitioners and concluded by Mr. W. Q. Van Cott for the
respondent.
No. 498. Rafael Sancho Bonet, Treasurer of Puerto Rico, peti-
tioner, v. Yabucoa Sugar Company. Argued by Mr. William Cattron
Rigby for the petitioner and by Mr. Earle T. Fiddler for the re-
spondent. Leave granted respondent to file a reply brief on or before
Friday next.
No. 481. Rochester Telephone Corporation, appellant, v. The
United States of America and Federal Communications Commission.
Argued by Mr. T. Carl Nixon for the appellant and by Mr. Hugh
B. Cox for the appellees.
Adjourned until tomorrow at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Wednesday, March 8, will be as follows: Nos. 505,
514, 508, 516, 517, 541, 486 (and 487), 492 (and 493), and 544.
99087-39-66

WEDNESDAY, MARCH 8, 1939
172
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: Mr. Justice McReynolds, Mr. Justice Butler, Mr. Justice
Stone, Mr. Justice Roberts, Mr. Justice Black, Mr. Justice Reed, and
Mr. Justice Frankfurter.
John A. Laing, of Portland, Oreg.; Rexell A. Boyd, of Green-
castle, Ind.; Harry M. Stitle, Jr., of Indianapolis, Ind.; William F.
Weber, of Brooklyn, N. Y.; and Richard Heath Wood, of Pittsburgh,
Pa., were admitted to practice.
No. 505. James H. Mulford et al., appellants, v. Nat Smith et al.
Argument commenced by Mr. A. J. Little for the appellants; con-
tinued by Mr. Solicitor General Jackson and by Mr. Robert K. Mc-
Connaughey for the appellee, The United States; and concluded by
Mr. Omer W. Franklin for the appellees, Smith et al.
No. 514. National Labor Relations Board, petitioner, v. Benjamin
Fainblatt, et al., etc. Argument commenced by Mr. Charles Fahy
for the petitioner, and continued by Mr. Leon Gerofsky for the re-
spondents.
Adjourned until tomorrow at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Thursday, March 9, will be as follows: Nos. 514,
508, 516, 517, 486 (and 487), 492 (and 493), 541, and 544.
99087-39-67

THURSDAY, MARCH 9, 1939
173
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: Mr. Justice McReynolds, Mr. Justice Butler, Mr. Justice
Stone, Mr. Justice Roberts, Mr. Justice Black, Mr. Justice Reed, and
Mr. Justice Frankfurter.
Harold A. Swanson, of Bloomfield, N. J.; Frederick D. Hamrick,
Jr., of Rutherfordton, N. C.; and Alfred P. Ramsey, of Baltimore,
Md., were admitted to practice.
No. 514. National Labor Relations Board, petitioner, v. Benjamin
Fainblatt et al., etc. Argument continued by Mr. T. Girard Whar-
ton for the respondents and concluded by Mr. Charles Fahy for the
petitioner.
No. 508. Federal Power Commission, petitioner, v. Pacific Power
& Light Company et al. Argued by Mr. Assistant Solicitor General
Bell for the petitioner and by Mr. A. J. G. Priest and Mr. John A
Laing for the respondents.
No. 516. John Goins, petitioner, v. The United States of America.
Argument commenced by Mr. S. H. Sutherland for the petitioner and
continued by Mr. William W. Barron for the respondent.
Adjourned until tomorrow at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Friday, March 10, will be as follows: Nos. 516,
517, 486 (and 487), 492 (and 493), and 541.
99087-39-68
SEPT

,
FRIDAY, MARCH 10, 1939
174
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: Mr. Justice McReynolds, Mr. Justice Butler, Mr. Justice
Stone, Mr. Justice Roberts, Mr. Justice Black, Mr. Justice Reed, and
Mr. Justice Frankfurter.
Dorice S. Grace, of Worcester, Mass.; Joseph A. Murphy, of
Detroit, Mich.; Daniel G. Shea, of Detroit, Mich.; Ralph D. Pitt-
man, of DeLeon, Tex.; Alan J. Stone, of Detroit, Mich.; Ralph
Page Wanlass, of Washington, D. C.; and John Milton Cooper, of
North Wilkesboro, N. C., were admitted to practice.
No. 516. John Goins, of petitioner, v. The United States of
America. Argument continued by Mr. William W. Barron for the
respondent, and concluded by Mr. S. H. Sutherland for the
petitioner.
No. 517. Gerrit W. Clason, appellant, v. The State of Indiana.
Argued by Mr. William H. Thompson for the appellant and by
Mr. Edward H. Knight and Mr. Rexell A. Boyd for the appellee.
No. 486. Guy T. Helvering, Commissioner of Internal Revenue,
petitioner, v. Metropolitan Edison Company;
No. 487. Guy T. Helvering, Commissioner of Internal Revenue,
petitioner, v. Pennsylvania Water & Power Company;
No. 492. General Gas and Electric Corporation, petitioner, v. Com-
missioner of Internal Revenue; and
No. 493. General Gas and Electric Corporation, petitioner, v.
Commissioner of Internal Revenue. Argued by Miss Helen R.
Carloss for the Commissioner of Internal Revenue; by Mr. Maurice
Bower Saul for the respondent in No. 486 and the petitioner in No.
492 and 493; and by Mr. Edwin M. Sturtevant for the respondent
in No. 487.
Adjourned until Monday, March 13, at 12 o'clock.
99087-39-69

MONDAY, MARCH 13, 1939
175
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: Mr. Justice McReynolds, Mr. Justice Butler, Mr. Justice
Stone, Mr. Justice Roberts, Mr. Justice Black, Mr. Justice Reed, and
Mr. Justice Frankfurter.
George E. Holt, of Miami, Fla.; Walter E. Gallagher, of Washing-
ton, D. C.; Dawson Hall, of Chattanooga, Tenn.; Frank A. Chi-
chetto, of Boston, Mass.; Lester C. Davidson, of Sioux City, Iowa;
F. A. Knight, of Long Beach, Calif.; Ruben H. Klainer, of Boston,
Mass.; George W. Luedeke, of Cincinnati, Ohio; Fred Nash Oliver,
of Washington, D. C.; and Lynne Anderson Warren, of New York
City, were admitted to practice.
No. 11, original. The State of Texas, complainant, v. The State of
Florida et al. Report of the Special Master confirmed. Opinion by
Mr. Justice Stone. Separate opinion by Mr. Justice Frankfurter in
which Mr. Justice Black concurs.
Mr. Justice McReynolds said:
"The orders of the Court properly certified, appear upon the list
filed with the Clerk and will not be announced orally."
No.-.
Joseph Poresky, petitioner, v. Joseph B. Ely, Governor,
et al. Application denied.
No. 312. John M. Taylor et al., as the Independent Committee for
the Protection of the Holders of Preferred Stock of Deep Rock Oil
Corporation, petitioners, v. Standard Gas and Electric Company et al.
The opinion of the Court announced February 27, 1939, is amended
in the following particulars:
In the next to the last line, and the last line, of the first full para-
graph on page 4 the words "to be assumed by the new company and",
and the word "debentures" are stricken out and, at the end of the
sentence, the words "debtor's notes" are to be inserted so that the
sentence will read: “Standard's claim to the extent of $3,500,000 was
to stand on a parity with the debtor's notes."
99087-39-70

MONDAY, MARCH 13, 1939
176
No. 687. The United States of America, appellant, v. Neal Powers
and Rene Allred; and
No. 696. The United States of America, appellant, v. Jack Miller
and Frank Layton. In these cases probable jurisdiction is noted.
No. 704. American Toll Bridge Company, appellant, v. Railroad
Commission of the State of California et al. In this case probable
jurisdiction is noted. The motion to dismiss or affirm is denied.
No. 650. L. W. Baldwin and Guy A. Thompson, as Trustees, etc.,
petitioners, v. Scott County Milling Company. Petition for writ of
certiorari to the Supreme Court of the State of Missouri granted.
No. 660. William McCrone, petitioner, v. The United States of
America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit
Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit granted.
No. 627. The United States of America, petitioner, v. Automobile
Financing, Inc. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Circuit Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit granted and case
assigned for argument immediately following No. 10.
No. 628. Harry A. Woodring, Secretary of War, et al., petitioners,
v. Justus B. Wardell, Receiver, etc. Petition for writ of certiorari
to the United States Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia
granted. Mr. Justice Reed took no part in the consideration and
decision of this application.
No. 629. Inland Waterways Corporaton et al., petitioners, v. Cary
H. Hardee, Receiver, etc. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
United States Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia granted.
Mr. Justice Reed took no part in the consideration and decision of
this application.
No. 661. General Electric Supply Corporation, petitioner, v. The
Maytag Company. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United
States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Eighth Circuit granted and
case assigned for argument immediately following Nos. 76 and 77.
No. 658. Fidelity & Columbia Trust Company, as Executor, etc.,
petitioner, v. The United States of America. Petition for writ of
certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the
Sixth Circuit denied. Mr. Justice Reed took no part in the con-
sideration and decision of this application.
No. 614. The Farmers' Loan and Trust Company, as Trustee, etc.,
et al., petitioners, v. Frank Collis Bowers, as Executor, etc.; and
No. 615. The Farmers' Loan and Trust Company, as Trustee, etc.,
et al., petitioners, v. Frank Collis Bowers, as Executor, etc. Petition
for writs of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals
for the Second Circuit denied.

MONDAY, MARCH 13, 1939
177
No. 630. George D. Wick and Walter A. Bonitz, Trustees, etc.,
petitioners, v. State of New Jersey. Petition for writ of certiorari
to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Third Circuit
denied.
No. 632. Joseph G. Large and G. Elwyn Large, as Executors, etc.,
petitioners, v. Edna R. Shively. Petition for writ of certiorari to
the Supreme Court of the State of Washington denied.
No. 635. Duquesne Club, petitioner, v. The United States. Peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the Court of Claims denied.
No. 640. Percival H. Troutman, petitioner, v. The United States
of America; and
No. 641. Ralph L. Young, petitioner, v. The United States of
America. Petition for writs of certiorari to the United States Cir-
cuit Court of Appeals for the Tenth Circuit denied.
No. 644. Harry W. Martin, petitioner, v. The United States of
America;
No. 645. Carl Ernest Brown, petitioner, v. The United States of
America;
No. 646. Jack Herring, petitioner, v. The United States of
America;
No. 647. Porter Allbee, petitioner, v. The United States of
America; and
No. 648. Andrew Berns, petitioner, v. The United States of
America. Petition for writs of certiorari to the United States Cir-
cuit Court of Appeals for the Tenth Circuit denied.
No. 657. The Pacific Mutual Life Insurance Company of Cali-
fornia, petitioner, v. Lula Goss, as Administratrix, etc. Petition for
writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for
the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 662. City of Springfield et al., petitioners, v. The United
States of America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United
States Circuit Court of Appeals for the First Circuit denied.
No. 664. George S. Hawke, petitioner, v. Servicised Products Cor-
poration et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Circuit Court of Appeals for the Sixth Circuit denied.
No. 665. Texas Cities Gas Company, petitioner, v. City of El Paso
et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit
Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 667. Lehigh Valley Railroad Company of New Jersey et al.,
petitioners, v. J. H. Thayer Martin, State Tax Commissioner of the
State of New Jersey, et al.;
No. 668. The Central Railroad Company of New Jersey, petitioner,
v. J. H. Thayer Martin, State Tax Commissioner of the State of New
Jersey, et al.;

MONDAY, MARCH 13, 1939
178
No. 669. The Central Railroad of New Jersey, petitioner, v. J. H.
Thayer Martin, State Tax Commissioner of the State of New Jersey,
et al.;
No. 670. Delaware, Lackawanna & Western Railroad Company,
petitioner, v. J. H. Thayer Martin, State Tax Commissioner of the
State of New Jersey, et al.;
No. 671. New York Central Railroad Company, petitioner, v. J. H.
Thayer Martin, State Tax Commissioner of the State of New Jersey,
et al.;
No. 672. New Jersey & New York Railroad Company, petitioner,
v. J. H. Thayer Martin, State Tax Commissioner of the State of New
Jersey, et al.;
No. 673. New York, Susquehanna & Western Railroad Company,
petitioner, v. J. H. Thayer Martin, State Tax Commissioner of the
State of New Jersey, et al.;
No. 674. Erie Railroad Company, petitioner, v. J. H. Thayer
Martin, State Tax Commissioner of the State of New Jersey, et al.;
and
No. 675. Lehigh Valley Railroad Company, petitioner, v. J. H.
Thayer Martin, State Tax Commissioner of the State of New Jersey,
et al. Petition for writs of certiorari to the United States Circuit
Court of Appeals for the Third Circuit denied.
No. 686. Louise M. Green, petitioner, v. George W. Green. Peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of
Appeals for the Ninth Circuit denied.
No. 222. The Washingtonian Publishing Company, Inc., petitioner,
v. Drew Pearson, Robert S. Allen, et al.;
No. 489. Eastern Shore Public Service Company et al., appellants,
v. The Town of Seaford; and
No. 636. Manning Strewl, John Joseph Oley, et al., petitioners, v.
The United States of America. Petitions for rehearing denied.
No. 643. Willie Eva Simmons, appellant, v. The Board of Educa-
tion of the City of Muskogee of the State of Oklahoma et al. Man-
date ordered to issue forthwith on motion of Mr. Ezra Brainerd, Jr.,
for the appellees.
Adjourned until Monday, March 27, next, at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Monday, March 27, will be as follows: Nos. 449
(and 456), 534, 541, 543, 544, 554, 598, 606, 613, and 666.

MONDAY, MARCH 27, 1939
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
179
Present: Mr. Justice McReynolds, Mr. Justice Butler, Mr. Justice
Stone, Mr. Justice Roberts, Mr. Justice Black, Mr. Justice Reed, and
Mr. Justice Frankfurter.
Frank W. Beer, of Phoenix, Ariz.; Hugo B. Farmer, of Yuma,
Ariz.; Aaron Borris Holman, of New York City; Paul J. Kaveney,
of St. Louis, Mo.; Albert L. Vreeland, of East Orange, N. J.; Irving
W. Colman, of Northampton, Pa.; Joseph E. Gehringer, of Allen-
town, Pa.; Elizabeth Strain Decker, of Rogers, Ark.; Suzanne Chal-
fant Lighton, of Fayetteville, Ark.; John William Coury, of Detroit,
Mich. Francis Michael Dodge, of Detroit, Mich.; Jacob Reck, of
Union City, N. J.; Clarence Hansen, of Los Angeles, Calif.; Walter
E. Warner, Jr., of Brooklyn, N. Y.; J. Norman Peterson, of Long
Prairie, Minn.; J. E. Marks, of Lexington, Ky.; Rayford W. Lemley,
of Chicago, Ill.; Ralph T. Holcomb, of New York City; Knox Far-
rand, of Los Angeles, Calif.; Frank Randolph Karr, of Los Angeles,
Calif.; Harlan V. Boyer, of Long Beach, Calif.; Lynn O. Hossom, of
Long Beach, Calif.; Clyde M. Leach, of Los Angeles, Calif.; George
Gilbert Rhoades, of Washington, D. C.; Eliot Edson Overdorf, of
Lake Forest, Ill.; A. F. Moss, of Tulsa, Okla.; I. Robert Broder, of
New York City; Stuart T. Saunders, of Washington, D. C.; John A.
Naghten, of Chicago, Ill.; Homer C. DeWolfe, of Austin, Tex.;
George R. Call, of Sioux City, Iowa; Harold F. Demann, of Dayton,
Ohio; and James H. Oakley, of Oakland, Calif., were admitted to
practice.
No. 342. Frank O. Lowden, James E. Gorman, et al., petitioners,
v. Simonds-Shields-Lonsdale Grain Company. On writ of certiorari
to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Eighth Circuit.
Judgment reversed with costs and cause remanded to the District
Court of the United States for the Western District of Missouri for
further proceedings in conformity with the opinion of this Court.
Opinion by Mr. Justice Reed.
No. 498. Rafael Sancho Bonet, Treasurer of Puerto Rico, peti-
tioner, v. Yabucoa Sugar Company. On writ of certiorari to the
United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the First Circuit. Judg-
ment of the Circuit Court of Appeals reversed with costs and the
99087-39-71

MONDAY, MARCH 27, 1939
180
complaint in the district court of Puerto Rico must stand dismissed
as ordered by that court and affirmed by the Supreme Court of
Puerto Rico, and cause remanded to the said Supreme Court for
further proceedings not inconsistent with the opinion of this Court.
Opinion by Mr. Justice Black.
No. 491. The State Tax Commission of Utah et al., petitioners,
v. W. Q. Van Cott. On writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court
of the State of Utah. Judgment vacated with costs and cause re-
manded to the said Supreme Court for further proceedings not incon-
sistent with the opinion of this Court. Opinion by Mr. Justice Black.
The Chief Justice took no part in the consideration or decision of
this case.
No. 478. Mark Graves, John J. Merrill, and John P. Hennessy,
as Commissioners constituting the State Tax Commission of the
State of New York, petitioners, v. The People of the State of New
York, upon the relation of James B. O'Keefe. On writ of certiorari
to the Supreme Court of the State of New York. Judgment re-
versed with costs and cause remanded to the said Supreme Court for
further proceedings not inconsistent with the opinion of this Court.
Opinion by Mr. Justice Stone. Mr. Chief Justice Hughes concurs
in the result. Concurring opinion by Mr. Justice Frankfurter. Dis-
senting opinion by Mr. Justice Butler in which Mr. Justice McRey-
nolds joins.
No. 158. Pacific Employers Insurance Company, petitioner, v.
Industrial Accident Commission of the State of California and Ken-
neth Tator. On writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of the
State of California. Judgment affirmed with costs. Opinion by Mr.
Justice Stone. Mr. Justice Frankfurter took no part in the con-
sideration or decision of this case.
No. 308. Ignatius Lanzetta Michael Falcone and Louie Del Rossi,
appellants, v. The State of New Jersey. Appeal from the Court of
Errors and Appeals of the State of New Jersey. Judgment reversed
with costs and cause remanded to the said Court of Errors and Ap-
peals for further proceedings not inconsistent with the opinion of
this Court. Opinion by Mr. Justice Butler. Mr. Justice Frank-
furter took no part in the consideration or decision of this case.
No. 368. Ray L. Chesebro, appellant, v. Los Angeles County Flood
Control District et al. Appeal from the Supreme Court of the State
of California. Judgment affirmed with costs. Opinion by Mr.
Justice Butler.
No. 65. Douglas Fairbanks, petitioner, v. The United States of
America. On writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court

MONDAY, MARCH 27, 1939
181
of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit. Judgment affirmed, and cause re-
manded to the District Court of the United States for the Southern
District of California. Opinion by Mr. Justice McReynolds.
No. 517. Gerrit W. Clason, appellant, v. The State of Indiana.
Appeal from the Supreme Court of the State of Indiana. Judgment
affirmed with costs. Opinion by Mr. Justice McReynolds.
No. 548. H. V. B. Smith, C. D. Rafferty, and H. S. McCormick,
co-partners, etc. v. Motorship Ferncliff, and Glittre Aktieselskabet and
Fearnley & Eger. On certificate from the United States Circuit
Court of Appeals for the Fourth Circuit. First question answered
"Yes, where there has been no fraud or imposition." Second question
answered "Yes." Third question answered "No." Opinion by Mr.
Justice McReynolds.
Mr. Justice McReynolds announced the following orders of the
Court:
No. 567. Paramount Pictures, Inc., et al., appellants, v. William
A. Langer, Individually and as Governor of the State of North Da-
kota, et al.; and
No. 568. Paramount Pictures, Inc., et al., appellants, v. Alvin C.
Strutz, Individually and as Attorney General of the State of North
Dakota, et al. Appeals from the District Court of the United States
for the District of North Dakota. Per curiam: The motion to reverse
is granted. The judgment of the specially constituted District Court
is reversed, without costs to either party in this Court, and the cause
is remanded to the specially constituted District Court with direc-
tions to dismiss the proceeding on the ground that the cause has be-
come moot, without prejudice to an application by either party to the
specially constituted District Court for an award of costs in that
court. United States v. Hamburg-American Co., 239 U. S. 466, 477-
478; Heitmuller v. Stokes, 256 U. S. 359, 362–363; Brownlow v.
Schwartz, 261 U. S. 216, 218.
No. 586. William H. Griffin, Jr., appellant, v. The Appellate
Division of the Supreme Court of the State of New York, First
Judicial Department et al. Appeal from the Supreme Court of the
State of New York. Per curiam: Since it appears that at the time
the appeal was allowed the judgment of the court below was not final,
Chicago G. W. R. R. Co. v. Basham, 249 U. S. 164, 166–167; Citizens
Bank v. Opperman, 249 U. S. 448, 450; Ohio Pub. Serv. Co. v. Fritz,
274 U. S. 12, 13; the motion to dismiss is granted and the appeal is
dismissed for want of jurisdiction.

MONDAY, MARCH 27, 1939
ORDER
182
The Court will take a recess from Monday, April 3, until Monday,
April 17 next.
Mr. Justice McReynolds said:
"The orders of the Court properly certified, appear upon the list
filed with the Clerk and will not be announced orally."
No. In the matter of the Disbarment of William H. Griffin.
It appearing from the records in William H. Griffin, Jr., appellant,
v. The Appellate Division of the Supreme Court of the State of New
York, etc., et al., No. 586, October Term, 1938. and in William H.
Griffin, Jr., petitioner, v. The Appellate Division of the Supreme
Court of the State of New York, etc., et al., No. 698, October Term,
1938, that William H. Griffin, of New York, N. Y., a member of the
Bar of this Court, has been disbarred from the practice of law in the
courts of New York by order of the Appellate Division of the Su-
preme Court of the State of New York, First Judicial Department;
It is ordered that the said William H. Griffin be, and he is hereby,
suspended from the practice of law in this Court, and that pursuant
to Rule 2, par. 5, of the Rules of this Court, a rule issue returnable
within forty (40) days requiring the said William H. Griffin to show
cause why he should not be disbarred from the practice of law in
this Court.
No. Wright E. Harris, petitioner, v. National Mediation Board.
Application denied.
No. 294. City of Texarkana, Texas, petitioner, v. Arkansas Loui-
siana Gas Company. The motion of petitioner, City of Texarkana,
Texas, to amend the decree herein of February 6, 1939, is granted.
Said decree is amended by adding at the end thereof the following
paragraph, to wit:
"It is further ordered that the decree of the United States District
Court for the Eastern District of Texas, filed herein on July 31,
1937, be reversed in so far as it held that Section IX of the franchise
was not applicable to the period prior to December 1, 1933."
No. 391. The United States of America, petitioner, v. Elizabeth
C. Jacobs, Executrix, etc. The motion to set aside the judgment is
denied.
No. 654. Oral V. McMenus, petitioner, v. The United States of
America. On petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Circuit Court of Appeals for the Tenth Circuit;
No. 684. Frank T. Kontovich, petitioner, v. The United States of
America. On petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Circuit Court of Appeals for the Sixth Circuit ;

MONDAY, MARCH 27, 1939
183
No. 711. John L. Armstrong, as Executor, etc., petitioner, v. The
City of New York. On petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme
Court of the State of New York;
No. 739. Earl S. Cowen, petitioner, v. The State of California
et al. On petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of
the State of California; and
No. 740. George W. Eason, petitioner, v. Joseph W. Sanford,
Warden, etc. On petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Circuit Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit. The motions for
leave to proceed further herein in forma pauperis are denied for
the reason that the Court, upon examination of the papers herein
submitted, finds no ground upon which writs of certiorari should be
issued. The petitions for writs of certiorari are therefore also denied.
No. 695. Ziffrin, Incorporated, appellant, v. James W. Martin,
Commissioner of Revenue of the Commonwealth of Kentucky, et al.
In this case probable jurisdiction is noted.
No. 717. William Jameson & Company, Inc., appellant, v. Henry
Morgenthau, Jr., Secretary of the Treasury of the United States,
et al. Further consideration of the question of the jurisdiction of
this Court in this case is postponed to the hearing of the case on
the merits.
No. 742. State of Mississippi, ex rel. Greek L. Rice, Attorney Gen-
eral, et al., appellants, v. The United States of America et al. In
this case probable jurisdiction is noted. The motion to advance is
granted and the case is assigned for argument on Monday, April
24th next.
No. 771. The United States of America, appellant, v. Rock Royal
Co-operative, Inc., et al. In this case probable jurisdiction is noted.
The case is assigned for argument on Monday, April 24th next, after
the case heretofore assigned for that day.
No. 676. Horton C. Rorick, petitioner, v. Devon Syndicate,
Limited. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit
Court of Appeals for the Sixth Circuit granted.
No. 685. Howard S. Palmer et al., petitioners, v. The Common-
wealth of Massachusetts. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit
granted.
No. 708. Royal Indemnity Company, petitioner, v. Woodbury
Granite Company, Inc., et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
United States Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia granted.
No. 701. Standard Brands, Incorporated, petitioner, v. National
Grain Yeast Corporation. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Third Circuit
granted, limited to the question of the validity of Hayduck Patents
Nos. 1,449,103; 1,449,105; and 1,449,106.

MONDAY, MARCH 27, 1939
184
No. 772. H. P. Hood & Sons, Inc., et al., petitioners, v. The United
States of America; and
No. 809. Whiting Milk Company, petitioner, v. The United States
of America et al. Petitions for writs of certiorari to the United States
Circuit Court of Appeals for the First Circuit granted and the cases
assigned for argument immediately following No. 771.
No. 682. Guy A. Thompson, as and only as Trustee of Missouri
Pacific Railroad Company, petitioner, v. Terminal Shares, Inc., et al.;
and
No. 736. George A. Tomlinson et al., petitioners, v. Guy A. Thomp-
son, as and only as Trustee of Missouri Pacific Railroad Company.
Petitions for writs of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of
Appeals for the Eighth Circuit denied. Mr. Justice Reed took no
part in the consideration and decision of these applications.
No. 634. Pietro Lucchi, Morris Reiss, et al., petitioners, v. The
United States of America; and
No. 655. The United States of America, petitioner, v. International
Fur Workers Union of United States and Canada et al. Petitions
for writs of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals
for the Second Circuit denied.
No. 649. Union Joint Stock Land Bank of Detroit, Michigan,
petitioner, v. Isaac Leslie Byers, et al. Petition for writ of certiorari
to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Third Circuit
denied.
No. 653. Coos (or Kowes) Bay, Lower Umpqua (Kalawatset), and
Sinslaw Indian Tribes, petitioners, v. The United States. Petition
for writ of certiorari to the Court of Claims denied.
No. 659. Hamilton National Bank of Chattanooga, petitioner, v.
The United States of America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Sixth Circuit denied.
No. 663. D. G. Jacobs, petitioner, v. Merchants Fire Assurance
Corporation of New York. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 677. Philip W. Lowry, petitioner, v. Harry H. Woodring,
Secretary of War. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia denied.
No. 681. Thrash Lease Trust, petitioner, v. Commissioner of Inter-
nal Revenue. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Circuit Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit denied.
No. 683. Paul Kent, Receiver of the Chattanooga National Bank,
petitioner, v. Cleveland National Bank. Petition for writ of certi-

MONDAY, MARCH 27, 1939
185
orari to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Sixth
Circuit denied.
No. 688. Sam R. Beard, petitioner, v. Joseph W. Sanford, Warden,
United States Penitentiary, Atlanta, Georgia. Petition for writ of
certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Fifth
Circuit denied.
No. 691. Julius F. Holmes, petitioner, v. Commissioner of Internal
Revenue. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit
Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit denied.
No. 689. The Texas and Pacific Railway Company et al., peti-
tioners, v. Sonken-Galamba Corporation. Petition for writ of certi-
orari to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Fifth
Circuit denied.
No. 697. Nordred Realties, Inc., petitioner, v. "John" Langley.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals of the State
of New York denied.
No. 698. William H. Griffin, Jr., petitioner, v. The Appellate
Division of the Supreme Court of the State of New York, etc. Peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of the State of New
York denied.
No. 699. Southern Pacific Company, petitioner, v. C. W. Hosman.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the District Court of Appeal, First
Appellate District, State of California, denied.
No. 703. Claire W. Kite, Administratrix C. T. A. Estate of Harry
A. Kite, petitioner, v. Adolph M. Fishel. Petition for writ of certi-
orari to the United States Court of Appeals for the District of
Columbia denied.
No. 727. Zenith Radio Corporation, petitioner, v. Hazeltine Cor-
poration. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Cir-
Court of Appeals for the Seventh Circuit denied.
No., Original. Ex parte Albert Leighton, petitioner;
No. 360. The United States of America, petitioner, v. Charles F.
Towery, in his own right, etc;
No. 588. The United States of America, on the relation of John
W. Cromwell, petitioner, v. Marion Wade Doyle, President, Board
of Education, etc., et al;
No. 600. In the matter of Clayton C. Gilliland, petitioner;
No. 620. Edward P. Harris, as President of the Calcocraft, peti-
tioner, v. National Labor Relations Board; and
No. 665. Texas Cities Gas Company, petitioner, v. City of El Paso,
et al. Petitions for rehearing denied.

MONDAY, MARCH 27, 1939
186
No. 16. Mark O. Davis, petitioner, v. Maude E. Davis. Motion
for recall and clarification of mandate submitted by Mr. Joseph T.
Sherier for the petitioner.
No. 449. Newark Fire Insurance Company, appellant, v. State
Board of Tax Appeals, et al. Motion of Sun Oil Company for leave
to file brief as amicus curiae submitted by Mr. George W. C. Mc-
Carter in that behalf and the motion denied.
No. 752. Fidelity & Casualty Company of New York, petitioner,
v. Fred A. Paddleford et al.; and
No. 753. Hartford Accident & Indemnity Company, petitioner, v.
Fred A. Paddleford et al. Motion for leave to file brief as amicus
curiae submitted by Mr. Wm. A. Schnader and the motion denied.
No. 534. Ray Ingels, as Director of the Department of Motor
Vehicles of the State of California, et al., appellants v. Paul Gray,
Inc., et al. Frank W. Clark, present Director of the Department of
Motor Vehicles of the State of California substituted as a party ap-
pellant in the place and stead of Ray Ingels, resigned, on motion of
Mr. Everett W. Mattoon for the appellees.
No. 534. Frank W. Clark, as Director of the Department of Motor
Vehicles of the State of California, et al., appellants, v. Paul Gray,
Inc., et al. Argued by Mr. Amos M. Mathews for the appellants and
by Mr. Everett W. Mattoon for the appellees.
No. 541. John Carrier and J. Harvey Carpenter, Guardian of
John Carrier, Incompetent Veteran, petitioners, v. Curley Bryant.
Argument commenced by Mr. John W. Wood for the petitioners.
Adjourned until tomorrow at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Tuesday, March 28, will be as follows: Nos. 541,
543, 544, 554, 598, 606, 613, 666, 660, and 449 (and 456).
Х

TUESDAY, MARCH 28, 1939
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
187
Present: Mr. Justice McReynolds, Mr. Justice Butler, Mr. Justice
Stone, Mr. Justice Roberts, Mr. Justice Black, Mr. Justice Reed, and
Mr. Justice Frankfurter.
Archibald A. McKinley, of Chicago, Ill.; George F. Callaghan, of
Chicago, Ill.; Edward A. Compton, of Fort Worth, Tex.; Felix
Atwood, of Ennis, Tex.; Leland M. Rennolds, of Mexia, Tex.; Ed
Gossett, of Wichita Falls, Tex.; Clarence Yanofsky, of Boston, Mass.;
H. Fred Martin, Jr., of Dallas, Tex.; Arthur R. Carnduff, of Wash-
ington, D. C.; Milton Solomon, of New York City; Clyde M. Hadley,
of Seattle, Wash.; and Benj. L. Bird, of Fort Worth, Tex., were
admitted to practice.
No. 510. Jenkins Petroleum Process Company, petitioner, v.
Sinclair Refining Company. Motion for leave to file a second peti-
tion for rehearing submitted by Mr. Paul F. Myers for the petitioner.
No. 688. Sam R. Beard, petitioner, v. Joseph W. Sanford, Warden,
etc. Order denying petition for certiorari withheld, conditioned on
the filing of a petition for rehearing within ten days, on motion
of Mr. James F. Laughlin for the petitioner.
No. 541. John Carrier and J. Harvey Carpenter, Guardian of
John Carrier, Incompetent Veteran, petitioners, v. Curley Bryant.
Argument continued by Mr. John W. Wood for the petitioners; by
Mr. Frederick D. Hamrick, Jr., for the respondent; and concluded
by Mr. John W. Wood for the petitioners.
No. 543. Lottie F. Sprague, petitioner, v. Ticonic National Bank
et al. Argued by Mr. Harvey D. Eaton for the petitioner and by
Mr. George P. Barse for the respondents.
No. 544. The United States of America v. Edward H. Marxen,
Trustee, etc. Argued by Mr. Assistant Attorney General Whitaker
for the United States and by Mr. Clarence Hansen for Marxen,
Trustee, etc.
No. 554. H. C. Rorick, Joseph R. Grundy, et al., appellants, v.
Board of Commissioners of Everglades Drainage District, etc., et al.
Argument commenced by Mr. William Roberts for the appellants.
Adjourned until tomorrow at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Wednesday, March 29, will be as follows: Nos.
554, 598, 606, 613, 666, 660, and 696.
99087-39-72
☑

WEDNESDAY, MARCH 29, 1939
188
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: Mr. Justice McReynolds, Mr. Justice Butler, Mr. Justice
Stone, Mr. Justice Roberts, Mr. Justice Black, Mr. Justice Reed, and
Mr. Justice Frankfurter.
1
Calvert Magruder, of Annapolis, Md.; Fred. H. Kent, of Jackson-
ville, Fla.; Ralph P. Huff, of Chevy Chase, Md.; Samuel Taylor, of
San Francisco, Calif.; Wm. O. Wanzer, of Long Beach, Calif.; Louis
Ferrari, of San Francisco, Calif.; George David Schilling, of San
Francisco, Calif.; Lawrence Mario Giannini, of San Francisco, Calif.;
William E. Elliott, of Washington, D. C.; George J. Eder, of New
York City; and B. Magruder Wingfield, of Charlottesville, Va., were
admitted to practice.
No. 308. Ignatius Lanzetta, Michael Falcone, et al., appellants,
The State of New Jersey. Mandate granted on motion of Mr. Samuel
Kagle for the appellants.
No. 606. Santa Monica Mountain Park Company, Ltd., petitioner,
v. The United States of America. On writ of certiorari to the
United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit. Dis-
missed per stipulation of counsel.
No. 554. H. C. Rorick, Joseph R. Grundy, et al., appellants, v.
Board of Commissioners of Everglades Drainage District, etc., et al.
Argument continued by Mr. William Roberts for the appellants; by
Mr. Clarence G. Ashby for the appellee, Board of Commissioners;
by Mr. Tyrus A. Norwood for the appellees, Trustees of Internal
Improvement Fund; and concluded by Mr. Marvin C. McIntosh for
the appellees, Trustees of Internal Improvement Fund.
No. 598. Atlas Life Insurance Company v. W. I. Southern, Incor-
porated. Submitted by Mr. Elmer J. Lundy and Mr. Logan
Stephenson for Atlas Life Insurance Company, and by Mr. Austin
Flint Moss for W. I. Southern, Incorporated.
No. 613. Southern Pacific Company, petitioner, v. The United
States. Argued by Mr. James R. Bell for the petitioner and by Mr.
Assistant Attorney General Whitaker for the respondent.
Adjourned until tomorrow at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Thursday, March 30, will be as follows: Nos. 666,
660, and 696.
99087-39-73
☑
1
1

THURSDAY, MARCH 30, 1939
189
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: Mr. Justice McReynolds, Mr. Justice Butler, Mr. Justice
Stone, Mr. Justice Roberts, Mr. Justice Black, Mr. Justice Reed,
and Mr. Justice Frankfurter.
Hal F. Wiggins, of San Francisco, Calif.; Anthony A. Esperti, of
Detroit, Mich.; Nathan M. Lubar, of Washington, D. C.; Joseph
B. Friedman, of Caldwell, Ohio; John Ridley Shields, of Hyattsville,
Md.; Claude H. McFadden, of Los Angeles, Calif.; Maurice W.
Fillius, of Washington, D. C.; Paul H. Luten, of Waverly, Tenn.;
Martin Samuel Vilas, of Burlington, Vt.; and William R. Sherwood,
of New York City, were admitted to practice.
No. 666. Chippewa Indians of Minnesota, appellant, v. The United
States. Three hours allowed for oral argument. Argued by Mr.
Donald S. Holmes for the appellants and by Mr. Raymond T. Nagle
for the appellee.
No. 660. William McCrone, petitioner, v. The United States of
America. Argued by Mr. H. Lowndes Maury for the petitioner and
by Mr. Paul A. Freund for the respondent.
No. 696. The United States of America, appellant, v. Jack Miller
and Frank Layton. Argued by Mr. Gordon Dean for the appellant.
No appearance for the appellees.
Adjourned until Monday, April 3, at 12 o'clock.
99087-39-74
Х

MONDAY, APRIL 3, 1939
190
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: Mr. Justice McReynolds, Mr. Justice Butler, Mr. Justice
Stone, Mr. Justice Roberts, Mr. Justice Black, Mr. Justice Reed, and
Mr. Justice Frankfurter.
John T. Pigott, of San Francisco, Calif.; M. Joseph Matan, of Johns-
town, Pa.; James A. Martin, of New York City; Quentin Keith, of
Port Arthur, Tex.; Newell K. Ricks, of Twin Falls, Idaho; Mortimer
B. Wolf, of Washington, D. C.; Wendell E. Cable, of Alta, Ill.;
Laura M. Stanley, of Portland, Me.; Theodore Greve, of Cincinnati,
Ohio; Elmer Stewart, of Washington, D. C.; Lloyd Wilbert Wine-
berg, of Washington, D. C.; F. Fernandez Cuyar, of San Juan,
P. R.; Carleton C. Reiser, of Grand Rapids, Ohio; A. Walton Nall,
of Atlanta, Ga.; Lewis S. Udelson, of Boston, Mass.; Simon B. Stein,
of Boston, Mass.; Kirk E. Boone, of Los Angeles, Calif.; Arthur L.
Jerome, of Wilkinsburg, Pa.; Robert L. Gee, of Fairplay, Colo.;
Albert E. L. Gardner, of Clayton, Mo.; and John J. Cooney, of
Providence, R. I., were admitted to practice.
No. 486. Guy T. Helvering, Commissioner of Internal Revenue,
petitioner, v. Metropolitan Edison Company; and
No. 487. Guy T. Helvering, Commissioner of Internal Revenue,
petitioner, v. Pennsylvania Water & Power Company. On writs of
certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the
Third Circuit. Judgments affirmed and causes remanded to the said
Circuit Court of Appeals. Opinion by Mr. Justice Roberts.
No. 492. General Gas and Electric Corporation, petitioner, v. Com-
missioner of Internal Revenue; and
No. 493. General Gas and Electric Corporation, petitioner, v. Com-
missioner of Internal Revenue. On writs of certiorari to the United
States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit. Judgments
reversed and causes remanded to the said Circuit Court of Appeals.
for further proceedings in conformity with the opinion of this Court.
Opinion by Mr. Justice Roberts.
Mr. Justice McReynolds said:
"The orders of the Court properly certified, appear upon the list
filed with the Clerk and will not be announced orally."
99087-39-75

MONDAY, APRIL 3, 1939
191
No., original. Ex parte Peter J. C. Donnelly, petitioner. Ap-
plication denied.
No. 528. Utah Fuel Company, Independent Coal and Coke Com-
pany, et al., petitioners, v. National Bituminous Coal Commission
et al. It is ordered that the decree entered in this case on January
30, 1939, be amended by striking out the third paragraph and substi-
tuting the following:
"On consideration whereof, It is ordered, adjudged, and decreed by
this Court that the decree of the said Court of Appeals affirming the
decree of the District Court of the United States for the District of
Columbia dismissing the bill be, and the same is hereby, affirmed upon
the grounds stated in the opinion of this Court."
It is further ordered that the mandate in this case be recalled and
amended in accordance with this order.
No. 16. Mark O. Davis, petitioner, v. Maude E. Davis. The motion
of petitioner to recall the mandate is denied.
No. 715. Kim Young, appellant, v. The People of the State of
California. The motion to proceed in forma pauperis is granted.
The motion to dismiss or affirm is denied. Probable jurisdiction is
noted and the case is assigned for argument immediately following
No. 707.
No. 810. George W. O'Malley, Individually and as Collector of
Internal Revenue, appellant, v. Joseph W. Woodrough and Ella B.
Woodrough;
No. 826. Holton V. Noyes, as Commissioner of Agriculture and
Markets of the State of New York, appellant, v. Rock Royal Co-oper-
ative, Inc., et al.;
No. 827. Dairymen's League Cooperative Association, Inc., appel-
lant, v. Rock Royal Co-operative, Inc., et al.; and
No. 828. Metropolitan Cooperative Milk Producers Bargaining
Agency, Inc., appellant, v. Rock Royal Co-operative, Inc., et al. In
these cases probable jurisdiction is noted.
No. 707. Clara Schneider, petitioner, v. The State (Town of
Irvington). Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Errors
and Appeals of the State of New Jersey granted.
No. 748. Ford Motor Company, petitioner, v. Edward Clark, Secre-
tary of State of the State of Texas et al. Petition for writ of certi-
orari to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Fifth
Circuit granted.
No. 163. Guy T. Helvering, Commissioner of Internal Revenue,
petitioner, v. Wilshire Oil Company, Inc.;
No. 164. Guy T. Helvering, Commissioner of Internal Revenue,
petitioner, v. Bandini Petroleum Company; and

MONDAY, APRIL 3, 1939
192
No. 165. Guy T. Helvering, Commissioner of Internal Revenue,
petitioner, v. Wilshire Annex Oil Company. Petition for writs of
certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Ninth
Circuit granted. Mr. Justice Reed took no part in the consideration
and decision of this application.
No. 700. Mississippi Cottonseed Products Company et al., peti-
tioners, v. A. H. Stone, Tax Commissioner, et al. Petition for writ
of certiorari to the Supreme Court of the State of Mississippi denied.
No. 705. Michael Shapiro, petitioner, v. The United States of
America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit
Court of Appeals for the Seventh Circuit denied.
No. 706. Marie L. Walker, petitioner, v. John W. Walker. Peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of the State of
Illinois denied.
No. 709. Morris Kardon, petitioner, v. Joseph K. Willing, Receiver,
etc. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court
of Appeals for the Third Circuit denied.
No. 710. The Atchison, Topeka and Santa Fe Railway Company,
petitioner, v. The Superior Court of the State of California et al.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of the State of
California denied.
No. 712. The Kansas City Southern Railway Company, petitioner,
v. Citizens of Westville. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
Supreme Court of the State of Oklahoma denied.
No. 714. North Shore Delivery Company, petitioner, v. Universal
Indemnity Insurance Company. Petition for writ of certiorari to
the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Seventh Circuit
denied.
No. 716. P. Myklebust, Martin Tvedt, et al., petitioners, v. B.
Meidell, Master and Claimant of the M. S. “Estralla," a Motorship.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of
Appeals for the Third Circuit denied.
No. 723. Mitchell Uwanawich, petitioner, v. The United States
of America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Circuit Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit denied.
No. 725. The Ocean Accident and Guarantee Corporation, Limited,
petitioner, v. Southwestern Bell Telephone Company. Petition for
writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for
the Eighth Circuit denied.
No. 726. Tennessee Publishing Company, petitioner, v. C. O.
Carpenter, Receiver etc. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United
States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Sixth Circuit denied.

MONDAY, APRIL 3, 1939
193
No. 730. E. S. Pratt, petitioner, v. Shell Petroleum Corporation.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of
Appeals for the Tenth Circuit denied.
No.
and
Wright E. Harris, petitioner, v. National Mediation Board;
No. 426. Milk Control Board of the Commonwealth of Pennsyl-
vania, petitioner, v. Eisenberg Farm Products. Petitions for re-
hearing denied.
Adjourned until Monday, April 17, at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Monday, April 17, will be as follows: Nos. 449
(and 456), 582, 650, 76 (77 and 661), 687, 704, 717, 676, 628,
and 629.
✓

1
MONDAY, APRIL 17, 1939
194
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: The Chief Justice, Mr. Justice McReynolds, Mr. Justice
Butler, Mr. Justice Stone, Mr. Justice Roberts, Mr. Justice Black, Mr.
Justice Reed, Mr. Justice Frankfurter, and Mr. Justice Douglas.
Edward Allen MacDuffie, of New York City; Arnold T. Koch,
of New York City; George Francis Kneip, of St. Paul, Minn.;
William S. Boyle, of Reno, Nev.; Maurice M. Feuerlicht, Jr., of
Indianapolis, Ind.; David Sher, of New York City; Thomas F.
Lavender, of Williamsport, Ind.; Samuel J. Melick, of Wash-
ington, D. C.; Joseph T. Votava, of Omaha, Nebr.; Ralph B. Lacey,
of Detroit, Mich.; Edward M. English, of Cleveland, Ohio; Francis
J. Quirico, of Pittsfield, Mass.; Wallace D. Newcomb, of Phil-
adelphia, Pa.; John Hogg Austin, of Philadelphia, Pa.; Wyman
S. Gideon, of Austin, Tex.; Arthur L. Obre, of New York City; Ray-
mond J. Walsh, of Hastings-on-the-Hudson, N. Y.; Williams Ster-
ling Youngman, Jr., of Boston, Mass.; John Morgan Davis, of
Philadelphia, Pa.; John A. Gilmore, of Iowa City, Iowa; Ralph H.
Dwan, of Minneapolis, Minn.; Ralph E. Bailey, of Sikeston, Mo.;
Aaron Lasser, of Newark, N. J.; Lester S. Harrison, of Kellogg,
Idaho; J. Robert Mengel, of San Francisco, Calif.; George Yamaoka,
of New York City; Joseph W. Kehoe, of Seward, Alaska; and Frank
B. Gummey II, of Philadelphia, Pa., were admitted to practice.
The Chief Justice said:
"The President, with the advice and consent of the Senate, has
appointed William O. Douglas, of Connecticut, to be Associate Jus-
tice of this Court. Mr. Douglas is present. The Clerk will read his
commission. Mr. Douglas will then take the oath and the Marshal
will escort him to his seat upon the bench."
The Clerk then read the commission as follows:
"FRANKLIN D. ROOSEVELT,
"PRESIDENT OF THE UNITED STATES OF AMERICA,
"To all who shall see these Presents, Greeting:
"Know Ye; That reposing special trust and confidence in the
Wisdom, Uprightness, and Learning of William O. Douglas of Con-
necticut, I have nominated and, by and with the advice and consent
of the Senate, do appoint him an Associate Justice of the Supreme
Court of the United States, and do authorize and empower him to
99087-39-76

MONDAY, APRIL 17, 1939
195
execute and fulfil the duties of that Office according to the Consti-
tution and Laws of the said United States, and to Have and to Hold
the said Office, with all the powers, privileges, and emoluments to
the same of right appertaining, unto Him, the said William O.
Douglas, during his good behavior.
"In testimony whereof, I have caused these Letters to be made
patent and the seal of the Department of Justice to be hereunto
affixed.
"Done at the City of Washington this fifteenth day of April, in
the year of our Lord one thousand nine hundred and thirty-nine,
and of the Independence of the United States of America the one
hundred and sixty-third.
"By the President:
"FRANK MURPHY,
66
Attorney General."
"FRANKLIN D. ROOSEVELT.
The oath of office was then administered by the Clerk, and Mr.
Justice Douglas was escorted by the Marshal to his seat upon the
bench.
No. 481. Rochester Telephone Corporation, appellant, v. The
United States of America and Federal Communications Commission.
Appeal from the District Court of the United States for the Western
District of New York. Decree affirmed. Opinion by Mr. Justice
Frankfurter. Mr. Justice McReynolds concurs in the result. Sep-
arate opinion by Mr. Justice Butler in which Mr. Justice McReynolds
concurs.
No. 432. The United States of America and Interstate Commerce
Commission, appellants, v. Dan E. Maher, doing business as Inter-
state Busses. Appeal from the District Court of the United States
for the District of Oregon. Decree reversed and cause remanded
to the said District Court for further proceedings in conformity with
the opinion of this Court. Opinion by Mr. Justice Frankfurter.
No. 508. Federal Power Commission, petitioner, v. Pacific Power &
Light Company et al. On writ of certiorari to the United States
Circuit Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit. Judgment affirmed,
and cause remanded to the said Circuit Court of Appeals. Opinion
by Mr. Justice Frankfurter.
No. 276. George Couper Gibbs, Individually and as Attorney Gen-
eral of the State of Florida, et al., appellants, v. Gene Buck, Indi-
vidually, etc., et al. Appeal from the District Court of the United

MONDAY, APRIL 17, 1939
196
States for the Northern District of Florida. Decree affirmed with
costs. Opinion by Mr. Justice Reed. Mr. Justice Frankfurter took
no part in the consideration or decision of this case. Dissenting
opinion by Mr. Justice Black.
No. 329. Gene Buck, Individually, etc., et al., appellants, v. Phil
H. Gallagher, Individually and as State Treasurer of the State of
Washington, et al. Appeal from the District Court of the United
States for the Western District of Washington. Decree reversed
with costs and cause remanded to the said District Court with di-
rections to permit the introduction of evidence and for further pro-
ceedings not inconsistent with the opinion of this Court. Opinion
by Mr. Justice Reed. Mr. Justice Black dissents. Mr. Justice
Frankfurter took no part in the consideration or decision of this
case.
No. 509. Denis J. Driscoll, Thomas C. Buchanan, et al., appel-
lants, v. Edison Light and Power Company. Appeal from the Dis-
trict Court of the United States for the Eastern District of Penn-
sylvania. Decree reversed with costs and cause remanded to the
said District Court for further proceedings in conformity with the
opinion of this Court. Opinion by Mr. Justice Reed. Concurring
opinion by Mr. Justice Frankfurter in which Mr. Justice Black
joins.
No. 453. United States Trust Company of New York, as Executor
U/W of George H. Bunker, deceased, petitioner, v. Commissioner of
Internal Revenue. On writ of certiorari to the United States Cir-
cuit Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit. Judgment affirmed
and cause remanded to the said Circuit Court of Appeals. Opinion
by Mr. Justice Black.
No. 660. William McCrone, petitioner, v. The United States of
America. On writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of
Appeals for the Ninth Circuit. Judgment affirmed and cause re-
manded to the District Court of the United States for the District
of Montana. Opinion by Mr. Justice Black.
No. 666. Chippewa Indians of Minnesota, appellants, v. The United
States. Appeal from the Court of Claims. Judgment affirmed.
Opinion by Mr. Justice Roberts.
No. 441. The Electric Storage Battery Co., petitioner, v. Genzo
Shimadzu and Northeastern Engineering Corporation. On writ of
certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the
Third Circuit. Decree of the Circuit Court of Appeals reversed with
costs and cause remanded to the District Court of the United States
for the Eastern District of Pennsylvania with directions to dismiss
the bill as to Nos. 1,584,150 and 1,896,020, and to proceed, in the
light of the invalidity of those patents, to determine whether 1,584,-
149 is valid and infringed. Opinion by Mr. Justice Roberts.

MONDAY, APRIL 17, 1939
197
No. 330. Eugene Kessler, District Director of Immigration and
Naturalization, petitioner, v. Joseph George Strecker. On writ of
certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Fifth
Circuit. Judgment of the Circuit Court of Appeals modified as
indicated in the opinion of this Court and cause remanded to the
District Court of the United States for the Eastern District of
Louisiana with instructions to proceed in conformity with the opin-
ion of this Court. Opinion by Mr. Justice Roberts. Dissenting
opinion by Mr. Justice McReynolds in which Mr. Justice Butler
joins.
No. 505. James H. Mulford et al., appellants, v. Nat Smith et al.
Appeal from the District Court of the United States for the Middle
District of Georgia. Decree affirmed with costs. Opinion by Mr.
Justice Roberts. Dissenting opinion by Mr. Justice Butler in
which Mr. Justice McReynolds concurs.
No. 598. Atlas Life Insurance Company v. W. I. Southern, Incor-
porated. On certificate from the United States Circuit Court of
appeals for the Tenth Circuit. Certificate dismissed. Opinion by
Mr. Justice Stone.
No. 448. David T. Wilentz, J. H. Thayer Martin, et al., appel-
lants, v. Sovereign Camp, Woodmen of the World. Appeal from the
District Court of the United States for the District of New Jersey.
Appeal dismissed with costs to appellants. Opinion by Mr. Justice
Stone.
No. 534. Frank W. Clark, as Director of the Department of Motor
Vehicles of the State of California, et al., appellants, v. Paul Gray,
Inc., et al. Appeal from the District Court of the United States for
the Southern District of California. Decree reversed with costs and
cause remanded with instructions to dismiss the case as to appellee
Paul Gray, Inc., on the merits, and to dismiss as to the other appel-
lees for want of jurisdiction. Opinion by Mr. Justice Stone. Mr.
Justice Black is of the opinion that the case should be dismissed for
want of jurisdiction as to all the appellees.
No. 514. National Labor Relations Board, petitioner, v. Benjamin
Fainblatt and Marjorie Fainblatt, Individuals, etc. On writ of
certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the
Third Circuit. Judgment reversed and cause remanded to the said
Circuit Court of Appeals for further proceedings in conformity with
the opinion of this Court. Opinion by Mr. Justice Stone. Mr.
Justice Frankfurter took no part in the consideration or decision of
this case. Dissenting opinion by Mr. Justice McReynolds in which
Mr. Justice Butler joins.

MONDAY, APRIL 17, 1939
198
No. 466. Honolulu Oil Corporation, Ltd., and M. O. Johnston Oil
Field Service Corporation, petitioners, v. Erle P. Halliburton and
Halliburton Oil Well Cementing Company; and
No. 479. Erle P. Halliburton and Halliburton Oil Well Cementing
Company, petitioners, v. Honolulu Oil Corporation, Ltd., and M. O.
Johnston Oil Field Service Corporation. On writs of certiorari to
the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit.
The part of the decree of the Circuit Court of Appeals brought up
by defendants' petition is reversed with costs. The part brought up
by plaintiffs' petition is affirmed with costs. The decree of the dis-
trict court is affirmed and the cause is remanded to the District
Court of the United States for the Southern District of California.
Opinion by Mr. Justice Butler. The Chief Justice took no part in
the consideration or decision of this case.
No. 541. John Carrier and J. Harvey Carpenter, Guardian, etc.,
petitioners, v. Curley Bryant. On writ of certiorari to the Supreme
Court of the State of North Carolina. Judgment affirmed with
costs. Opinion by Mr. Justice McReynolds.
No. 177. J. S. Kohn, M. S. Kohn, and J. W. Kohn, Administrators,
etc., appellants, v. Central Distributing Co., Inc., et al. Appeal
from the District Court of the United States for the Eastern Dis-
trict of Kentucky. Judgment affirmed with costs. Opinion by Mr.
Chief Justice Hughes.
No. 462. Powers Higginbotham, appellant, v. City of Baton
Rouge, Louisiana. Appeal from the Supreme Court of the State of
Louisiana. Judgment affirmed with costs. Opinion by Mr. Chief
Justice Hughes.
No. 465. Robert B. Honeyman, appellant, v. David B. Jacobs and
Mary V. Jacobs. Appeal from the Supreme Court of the State of
New York. Judgment affirmed with costs. Opinion by Mr. Chief
Justice Hughes.
The Chief Justice announced the following orders of the Court:
No. 694. Charlotte Gabrielli (a minor) by Joseph J. Gabrielli,
her guardian, ad litem, appellant, v. Dorothy C. Knickerbocker, as a
teacher in the Fremont School, etc., et al. Appeal from the Supreme
Court of the State of California. Per curiam: The motion of the
appellees to dismiss the appeal herein is granted, and the appeal is
dismissed for the want of jurisdiction. Section 237 (a), Judicial
Code, as amended by the Act of February 13, 1925 (43 Stat. 936,
937). Treating the papers whereon the appeal was allowed as a
petition for a writ of certiorari, as required by Section 237 (c),
Judicial Code, as amended (43 Stat. 936, 938), certiorari is denied.

MONDAY, APRIL 17, 1939
199
No. 813. William A. Johnson, Individually, William Johnson, Jr.,
et al., appellants, v. Town of Deerfield, Deerfield School Committee,
etc., et al. Appeal from the District Court of the United States for
the District of Massachusetts. Per curiam: The judgment is
affirmed. Leoles v. Landers, 302 U. S. 656; Hering v. State Board
of Education, 303 U. S. 624; Hamilton v. The Regents, 293 U. S.
245, 261-262.
No. 516. John Goins, petitioner, v. The United States of America.
On writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals
for the Fourth Circuit. Per curiam: As it appears on hearing argu-
ment that the District Court's failure to give Instruction B could not
have prejudiced the petitioner, the writ of certiorari is dismissed.
The Chief Justice said:
"The other orders of the Court appear upon the list certified by
the Chief Justice and filed with the Clerk and will not be announced
orally."
No. 12, original. The State of Missouri, complainant, v. The State
of Iowa. The stipulation between the parties dated March 18, 1939,
heretofore approved by the Master, is received, approved, and ordered
filed.
No. 367. Frank Eichholz, appellant, v. Public Service Commission
of the State of Missouri et al. The last sentence of the opinion is
modified to read as follows:
"The decree of the District Court so far as it denies an injunc-
tion is affirmed."
The petition for rehearing is denied.
No. 384. Guaranty Trust Company of New York, as Trustee, etc.,
petitioner, v. Berryman Henwood, Trustee, etc.;
No. 495. Chemical Bank & Trust Company, as Trustee, etc., peti-
tioner, v. Berryman Henwood, Trustee, etc., et al.;
No. 590. Bethlehem Steel Company, petitioner, v. Zurich General
Accident & Liability Insurance Company, Limited;
No. 591. Bethlehem Steel Company, petitioner, v. Anglo-Conti-
nentale Treuhand, A. G., et al.;
No. 339. Henry S. Long, Chairman, et al., appellants, v. Walter
Stokes, Jr., as Commissioner, etc.; and
No. 372, October Term, 1937. Mark Graves et al., petitioners, v.
Marion Brown Elliott et al. These cases are ordered restored to the
docket and assigned for reargument on Monday, April 24, next, after
the cases heretofore assigned for that day.

MONDAY, APRIL 17, 1939
200
No. 814. Catherine Korte, petitioner, v. Don R. Mortfort, Trustee,
etc. On petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit
Court of Appeals for the Seventh Circuit;
No. 741. Walter B. Mitchell, petitioner, v. Charles W. Greenough
et al. On petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit
Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit;
No. 747. Gertrude Kay, alias Gertrude Klein, petitioner, v. The
United States of America. On petition for writ of certiorari to the
United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit;
No. 755. Mrs. Irene Norman, petitioner, v. The United States of
America. On petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Circuit Court of Appeals for the Sixth Circuit;
No. 843. Fred Hartzell West, petitioner, v. State of Washington.
On petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of the State
of Washington; and
No. 852. James Reed Swain, petitioner, v. State of Indiana. On
petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of the State
of Indiana. The motions for leave to proceed further herein in
forma pauperis are denied for the reason that the Court, upon exam-
ination of the papers herein submitted, finds no ground upon which
writs of certiorari should be issued. The petition for writs of certi-
orari are therefore also denied.
No. 825. Valvoline Oil Company, appellant, v. The United States
of America et al. In this case probable jurisdiction is noted.
No. 702. H. Luther Pittman, Clerk of the Superior Court of Balti-
more City, petitioner, v. Home Owners' Loan Corporation of Wash-
ington, D. C. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals
of the State of Maryland granted.
No. 720. The Board of County Commissioners of the County of
Jackson, in the State of Kansas, etc., petitioner, v. The United
States of America, etc. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United
States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Tenth Circuit granted.
No. 750. Oklahoma Packing Company, Formerly Wilson & Co.,
Inc., etc., et al., petitioners, v. Oklahoma Gas and Electric Company
et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit
Court of Appeals for the Tenth Circuit granted.
No. 749. Harold F. Snyder, petitioner, v. City of Milwaukee. Pe-
tition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of the State of
Wisconsin granted and the case assigned for argument immediately
following No. 715.
No. 865. E. Frank Branon, petitioner, v. The United States of
America et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States

MONDAY, APRIL 17, 1939
201
Circuit Court of Appeals for the First Circuit granted and the case
1 consolidated with No. 772 for the purpose of argument.
No. 692. Guy T. Helvering, Commissioner of Internal Revenue,
petitioner, v. Ashland Oil & Refining Company;
No. 693. Guy T. Helvering, Commissioner of Internal Revenue,
petitioner, v. Ashland Oil & Refining Company;
No. 757. Ashland Oil & Refining Company, petitioner, v. Com-
missioner of Internal Revenue; and
No. 758. Ashland Oil & Refining Company, petitioner, v. Com-
missioner of Internal Revenue. Petitions for writs of certiorari to
the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Sixth Circuit
denied. Mr. Justice Reed took no part in the consideration and deci-
sion of these applications.
No. 756. The City of New York, Alfred Rheinstein, as Commis-
sioner of Housing and Building of the City of New York et al.,
petitioners, v. Central Savings Bank in the City of New York et al.
The petition for a writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of the
State of New York is denied for the reason that the judgment sought
to be reviewed rests upon a nonfederal ground adequate to support it.
Lynch v. New York, 293 U. S. 52; Honeyman v. Hanan, 300 U. S.
14, 18-19.
No. 678. Sidney Weinberg, petitioner, v. The United States; and
No. 679. Ferdinand A. Straus, et al., petitioners, v. The United
States. Petition for writs of certiorari to the Court of Claims denied.
No. 680. The United States, petitioner, v. H. B. Nelson Construc-
tion Company. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Claims
denied.
No. 718. Mabel Jones West, petitioner, v. City of Birmingham.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of the State of
Alabama denied.
No. 719. Boston & Maine Railroad, petitioner, v. Mayo Williams
and Matilda Padgett, Administratrix, etc.; and
No. 724. Bernardi Greater Shows, Inc., petitioner, v. Boston &
Maine Railroad. Petitions for writs of certiorari to the Supreme
Court of the State of New Hampshire denied.
No. 729. M. Rich & Brothers Company, petitioner, v. First Na-
tional Bank of Atlanta et al., Executors, etc. Petition for writ of
certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Fifth
Circuit denied.
No. 731. Minnesota Mining & Manufacturing Company, peti-
tioner, v. Conway P. Coe, Commissioner of Patents. Petition for
writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the Dis-
trict of Columbia denied.

MONDAY, APRIL 17, 1939
202
No. 734. Siegfried Herman, Executor, etc., petitioner, v. Howard
E. Henley, Trustee in Bankruptcy for Vernon F. Marsters; and
No. 735. Siegfried Herman, Executor, etc., petitioner, v. Howard
E. Henley, Trustee in Bankruptcy for Mary E. Marsters. Petition
for writs of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals
for the Seventh Circuit denied.
No. 737. Erastus W. Rogers and J. E. Hulse, Administrator, etc.,
petitioners, v. Montgomery Ward & Company, Incorporated. Peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of
Appeals for the Fourth Circuit denied.
No. 743. Randolph Lumber Company (formerly Edward Hines
Lumber Co.), petitioner, v. Guy T. Helvering, Commissioner of
Internal Revenue. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United
States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Seventh Circuit denied.
No. 744. John E. Mathewson, as Administrator, etc., et al., peti-
tioners, v. First Trust Company of St. Joseph, Missouri, Individ-
ually and as Trustee. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United
States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Eighth Circuit denied.
No. 732. Noble John Moore, petitioner, v. The United States of
America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Cir-
cuit Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit denied.
No. 733. Estate of William C. Orr, The Fifth Avenue Bank of
New York, et al., petitioners, v. Commissioner of Internal Revenue.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of
Appeals for the Second Circuit denied.
No. 752. Fidelity & Casualty Company of New York, petitioner, v.
Fred A. Paddleford and Joseph F. Lamy, etc.; and
No. 753. Hartford Accident & Indemnity Company, petitioner, v.
Fred A. Paddleford and Joseph F. Lamy, etc. Petition for writs of
certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the
Seventh Circuit denied.
No. 759. Cecil H. Gamble, Executor, etc., petitioner, v. Commis-
sioner of Internal Revenue. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Sixth Circuit denied.
No. 774. Cora S. Evans, petitioner, v. Kansas Gas and Electric
Company. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Cir-
cuit Court of Appeals for the Tenth Circuit denied.
No. 599. Edgar Cowherd, petitioner, v. Phoenix Joint Stock Land
Bank of Kansas City et al.;
No. 605. Public Service Commission of the State of Missouri et al.,
appellants, v. Brashear Freight Lines, Inc., et al.;
99087-39-77

Х
MONDAY, APRIL 17, 1939
203
No. 667. Lehigh Valley Railroad Company of New Jersey et al.,
petitioners, v. J. H. Thayer Martin, State Tax Commissioner, et al.;
No. 668. The Central Railroad Company of New Jersey, peti-
tioner, v. J. H. Thayer Martin, State Tax Commissioner, et al.;
No. 669. The Central Railroad of New Jersey, petitioner, v. J. H.
Thayer Martin, State Tax Commissioner, et al.;
No. 670. Delaware, Lackawanna & Western Railroad Company,
petitioner, v. J. H. Thayer Martin, State Tax Commissioner, et al.;
No. 671. New York Central Railroad Company, petitioner, v.
J. H. Thayer Martin, State Tax Commissioner, et al.;
No. 672. New Jersey & New York Railroad Company, petitioner, v.
J. H. Thayer Martin, State Tax Commissioner, et al.;
No. 673. New York, Susquehanna & Western Railroad Company,
petitioner, v. J. H. Thayer Martin, State Tax Commissioner, et al.;
No. 674. Erie Railroad Company, petitioner, v. J. H. Thayer Mar-
tin, State Tax Commissioner, et. al.; and
No. 675. Lehigh Valley Railroad Company, petitioner, v. J. H.
Thayer Martin, State Tax Commissioner, et al. Petitions for rehear-
ing denied.
No. 7. Rolla W. Coleman, W. A. Barron, et al., petitioners, v.
Clarence W. Miller, as Secretary of the Senate of the State of Kan-
sas, et al. Reargument commenced by Mr. Rolla W. Coleman for
the petitioners; and continued by Mr. Robert Stone for the peti-
tioners and by Mr. Clarence V. Beck for the respondents. Leave
granted petitioners to file an additional brief within five days.
Adjourned until tomorrow at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Tuesday, April 18, will be as follows: Nos. 7, 14,
449 (and 456), 582, 76 (77 and 661), 221, 650, 687, 704, and 676.
A

TUESDAY, APRIL 18, 1939
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
204
Present: The Chief Justice, Mr. Justice McReynolds, Mr. Justice
Butler, Mr. Justice Stone, Mr. Justice Roberts, Mr. Justice Black,
Mr. Justice Reed, Mr. Justice Frankfurter, and Mr. Justice Douglas.
Louis W. Woosley, of Bonham, Tex.; Guy Amsler, of Little
Rock, Ark.; Frank Wichhem, of Sioux Falls, S. Dak.; Emil W.
Colombo, of Detroit, Mich.; Milton Keen, of Clinton, Okla.; Lenore
H. Langford, of Bessemer, Ala.; Henry I. Fillman, of New York
City; Irvin Goldstein, of Washington, D. C.; James H. Wheat, of
Urbana, Ill.; Geo. H. Wallace, of Chicago, Ill.; Edwin M. Thomas,
of Washington, D. C.; Joseph T. McDonald, of Scranton, Pa.; Wil-
liam J. Rowan, Jr., of Washington, D. C.; Eldridge Hood Young,
of Baltimore, Md.; and Goldie Bell Sefken, of Washington, D. C.,
were admitted to practice.
No. 7. Rolla W. Coleman, W. A. Barron, et al., petitioners, v.
Clarence W. Miller, as Secretary of the Senate of the State of
Kansas, et al. Reargument concluded by Mr. Solicitor General Jack-
son for the United States, as amicus curiae, by special leave of Court.
No. 14. Albert Benjamin Chandler, Individually, etc., et al., peti-
tioners, v. James W. Wise and Ray B. Moss. Reargued by Mr. J. W.
Jones for the petitioners and by Mr. Oldham Clarke and Mr. Lafon.
Allen for the respondents.
No. 449. Newark Fire Insurance Company, appellant, v. State
Board of Tax Appeals and the City of Newark; and
No. 456. Universal Insurance Company et al., appellants, v. State
Board of Tax Appeals of the State of New Jersey et al. Argument
commenced by Mr. Arthur T. Vanderbilt for the appellant in No.
449 and continued by Mr. John G. Jackson for the appellants in
No. 456, and by Mr. Donald R. Richberg for the appellees.
Adjourned until tomorrow at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Wednesday, April 19, will be as follows: Nos. 449
(and 456), 582, 76 (77 and 661), 221, 650, 687, 704, 676, 10, and
627.
Х
99087-39-78

WEDNESDAY, APRIL 19, 1939
205
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: The Chief Justice, Mr. Justice McReynolds, Mr. Justice
Butler, Mr. Justice Stone, Mr. Justice Roberts, Mr. Justice Black,
Mr. Justice Reed, Mr. Justice Frankfurter, and Mr. Justice Douglas.
Chas. R. Moore, of Maynardville, Tenn.; Charles Bushnell Fuller-
ton, of Chicago, Ill.; Toxey Hall, of Columbia, Miss.; Max Hersh,
of New York City; Frank E. Flynn, of Phoenix, Ariz.; George E.
Faithfull, of New York City; Louis Burgess, of New York City;
Melvin S. Huffaker, of Mesa, Ariz.; Thomas Everton Kennerly, of
Houston, Tex.; Lawrence S. Lesser, of New York City; Denison
Kitchel, of Phoenix, Ariz.; Charles Wellington Curran, of Washing-
ton, D. C.; George L. Brannon, of Washington, D. C.; Charles W.
Stewart, of Washington, D. C.; William E. Rabenhorst, of Wash-
ington, D. C.; Aaron Friedenberg, of Washington, D. C.; Jacob P.
Drukman, of Boston, Mass.; Jesse B. Messitte, of Washington, D. C.;
Charlotte Tuttle Westwood, of New York City; and Howard C.
Westwood, of Washington, D. C., were admitted to practice.
No. 499. Newark Fire Insurance Company, appellant, v. State
Board of Tax Appeals and The City of Newark; and
No. 456. Universal Insurance Company et al., appellants, v. State
Board of Tax Appeals et al. Argument continued by Mr. Donald
R. Richberg for the appellees; by Mr. Arthur T. Vanderbilt for the
appellant in No. 449; and concluded by Mr. John G. Jackson for the
appellants in No. 456. Leave granted the appellants and appellees
to file additional memorandum within three days.
No. 582. Electrical Fittings Corporation et al., petitioners, v. The
Thomas & Betts Co. et al. Argued by Mr. Samuel E. Darby, Jr., for
the petitioners and by Mr. George Whitefield Betts, Jr.. for the
respondents.
No. 76. The Maytag Company, petitioner, v. Hurley Machine
Company et al.;
No. 77. The Maytag Company, petitioner, v. Easy Washing Ma-
chine Corporation; and
No. 661. General Electric Supply Corporation, petitioner, v. The
Maytag Company. Argument commenced by Mr. Wallace R. Lane
99087-39-79

WEDNESDAY, APRIL 19, 1939
206
for the petitioner in Nos. 76 and 77 and the respondent in No. 661,
and continued by Mr. William H. Davis for the respondents in Nos.
76 and 77 and the petitioner in No. 661.
Adjourned until tomorrow at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Thursday, April 20, will be as follows: Nos. 76
(77 and 661), 221, 650, 687, 704, 676, 10, 627, 717, and 810.

THURSDAY, APRIL 20, 1939
207
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: The Chief Justice, Mr. Justice McReynolds, Mr. Justice
Butler, Mr. Justice Stone, Mr. Justice Roberts, Mr. Justice Black, Mr.
Justice Reed, Mr. Justice Frankfurter, and Mr. Justice Douglas.
Edward Schoeneck, of Syracuse, N. Y.; Henry H. Surface, of
Washington, D. C.; Willard S. Lines, of Washington, D. C.; John
Gee Clark, of Long Beach, Calif.; John T. Koehler, of Baltimore,
Md.; Richard B. Swartzbaugh, of Toledo, Ohio; Arthur G. Prangley,
of Rye, N. Y.; George R. Effler, of Toledo, Ohio; and Harvey B.
Otterman, of Washington, D. C., were admitted to practice.
No. 498. Rafael Sancho Bonet, Treasurer of Puerto Rico, peti-
tioner, v. Yabucoa Sugar Company. Time within which to file
petition for rehearing extended to and including May 19 next on
motion of counsel for the respondent
No. 76. The Maytag Company, petitioner, v. Hurley Machine
Company et al.;
No. 77. The Maytag Company, petitioner, v. Easy Washing Ma-
chine Corporation; and
No. 661. General Electric Supply Corporation, petitioner, v. The
Maytag Company. Argument continued by Mr. William H. Davis
for the respondents in Nos. 76 and 77 and the petitioner in No. 661,
and concluded by Mr. Wallace R. Lane for the petitioner in Nos. 76
and 77 and the respondent in No. 661.
No. 221. The United States of America et al., appellants, v. F. O.
Morgan, doing business as F. O. Morgan Sheep Commission Com-
pany, et al. Reargued by Mr. Solicitor General Jackson for the
appellants and by Mr. Frederick H. Wood and Mr. John B. Gage for
the appellees.
Adjourned until tomorrow at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Friday, April 21, will be as follows: Nos. 650,
687, 704, 676, 10, 627, 717, and 810.
99087-39-80

FRIDAY, APRIL 21, 1939
208
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: The Chief Justice, Mr. Justice McReynolds, Mr. Justice
Butler, Mr. Justice Stone, Mr. Justice Roberts, Mr. Justice Black,
Mr. Justice Reed, Mr. Justice Frankfurter, and Mr. Justice Douglas.
J. Clifford Curry, of Chattanooga, Tenn.; John A. Carroll, of
Denver, Colo.; Albert R. Henry, of Buffalo, N. Y.; Jeff A. Robert-
son, of Kansas City, Kans.; William H. Mathews, Jr., of Washing-
ton, D. C.; Robert W. Knox, of Washington, D. C.; and John Saxton
Daniel, of Savannah, Ga., were admitted to practice.
No. 650. L. W. Baldwin and Guy A. Thompson, as Trustees, etc.,
petitioners, v. Scott County Milling Company. Argued by Mr. H. H.
Larimore for the petitioners and by Mr. James A. Finch for the
respondent.
No. 687. The United States of America, appellant, v. Neal Powers
and Rene Allred. Argued by Mr. Charles A. Horsky for the appel-
lant and by Mr. John D. Cofer for the appellees.
No. 704. American Toll Bridge Company, appellant, v. Railroad
Commission of the State of California et al. Argued by Mr. Max
Thelen for the appellant and by Mr. Ira H. Rowell for the appellees.
Adjourned until Monday next at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Monday, April 24, will be as follows: Nos. 676,
742, 771 (826, 827, and 828), 772 (865 and 809), 384, 495, 590
(and 591), 810, 339, and 372, October Term, 1937.
☑
99087-39--81

MONDAY, APRIL 24, 1939
209
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: The Chief Justice, Mr. Justice McReynolds, Mr. Justice
Butler, Mr. Justice Stone, Mr. Justice Roberts, Mr. Justice Black,
Mr. Justice Reed, Mr. Justice Frankfurter, and Mr. Justice Douglas.
Ed. P. Buckenmyer, of Toledo, Ohio; Richard J. Connor, or Nor-
walk, Conn.; Paul M. Plunkett, of Chicago, Ill.; Paul E. Treusch,
of Chicago, Ill.; Urdix B. Ewing, of Tell City, Ind.; T. Roland
Berner, of New York City; Albert G. Rutherford, of Honesdale,
Pa.; Clarence E. Bodie, of Honesdale, Pa.; Robert V. V. Rice, of
Grand Rapids, Mich.; Thomas K. Perry, of Grand Rapids, Mich.;
Owen A. Hoban, of Gardner, Mass.; Oscar M. Shaw, of Boston,
Mass.; Frederick W. Senn, of Waseca, Minn.; William T. Doyle, of
San Francisco, Calif.; E. R. Holmes, Jr., of Jackson, Miss.; Russell
Wright, of Jackson, Miss.; Hanum Gardner, of Gulfport, Miss.;
Lawrence Foster, of Manchester, Mass.; Augustin H. Parker, Jr., of
Boston, Mass.; Geanie P. Houston, of Heber Springs, Ark.; Joseph
O. Carson II, of Indianapolis, Ind.; Charles M. Stevenson, of Dayton,
Ohio; Willard R. Pratt, of Utica, N. Y.; and Amador Buenaseda, of
Manila, P. I., were admitted to practice.
No. 543. Lottie F. Sprague, petitioner, v. Ticonic National Bank
et al. On writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of
Appeals for the First Circuit. Decree reversed with costs and cause
remanded to the District Court of the United States for the District
of Maine for further proceedings in conformity with the opinion of
this Court. Opinion by Mr. Justice Frankfurter. Mr. Justice Mc-
Reynolds and Mr. Justice Butler concur in the result. Mr. Justice
Douglas took no part in the consideration or decision of this case.
The Chief Justice said:
"The orders of the Court appear upon the list certified by the
Chief Justice and filed with the Clerk and will not be announced
orally."
ORDER OF ALLOTMENT OF JUSTICES
It is ordered that the following allotment be made of the Chief
Justice and Associate Justices of this Court among the Circuits,
99087-39-82

MONDAY, APRIL 24, 1939
210
agreeably to the Acts of Congress in such case made and provided,
and that such allotment be entered of record, viz:
For the First Circuit, Felix Frankfurter, Associate Justice.
For the Second Circuit, Harlan F. Stone, Associate Justice.
For the Third Circuit, Owen J. Roberts, Associate Justice.
For the Fourth Circuit, Charles Evans Hughes, Chief Justice.
For the Fifth Circuit, Hugo L. Black, Associate Justice.
For the Sixth Circuit, James C. McReynolds, Associate Justice.
For the Seventh Circuit, William O. Douglas, Associate Justice.
For the Eighth Circuit, Pierce Butler, Associate Justice.
For the Ninth Circuit, Stanley Reed, Associate Justice.
For the Tenth Circuit, Pierce Butler, Associate Justice.
For the District of Columbia, Charles Evans Hughes, Chief
Justice.
No. In Re Disbarment of Pierce Lonergan.
-
It appearing to the Court from the record in Pierce Lonergan,
petitioner, v. The United States, No. 1064, October Term 1937, that
Pierce Lonergan, of the State of Washington, a member of the bar
of this Court, has been convicted of a felony in the District Court
of the United States for the Western District of Washington; and it
further appearing that his resignation as a member of the Washing-
ton State Bar Association has been accepted by the Supreme Court of
the State of Washington and his name stricken from the roll of
attorneys of the State of Washington;
It is ordered that the said Pierce Lonergan be, and he hereby is,
suspended from the practice of the law in this Court, and that a rule
issue returnable within forty (40) days requiring the said Pierce
Lonergan to show cause why he should not be disbarred from the
practice of the law in this Court.
-
No. original. Ex parte Harmon Metz Waley, petitioner; and
No. -, original. Ex parte John F. Struthers, petitioner. The
motions for leave to file petitions for writs of habeas corpus are
denied.
No. 514. National Labor Relations Board, petitioner, v. Benjamin
Fainblatt, et al., etc. It is ordered that the entry in this case in the
Journal of this Court for April 17, 1939 be amended by striking out
the words "Mr. Justice Frankfurter took no part in the consideration
or decision of this case."
No. 862. Edmond C. Fletcher, petitioner, v. Alfred A. Wheat and
Jesse C. Adkins. On petition for writ of certiorari to the United
States Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia. The motion
for leave to proceed further herein in forma pauperis is denied for

MONDAY, APRIL 24, 1939
211
the reason that the Court, upon examination of the papers herein
submitted, finds no ground upon which a writ of certiorari should
be issued. The petition for writ of certiorari is therefore also denied.
No. 769. State of Florida, ex rel. William W. Vars, appellant, v.
W. V. Knott, State Treasurer etc.; and
No. 770. State of Florida, ex rel. Hardware Mutual Casualty
Company, et al., appellants, v. W. V. Knott, State Treasurer etc.
Further consideration of the question of the jurisdiction of this
Court in these cases is postponed to the hearing of the cases on the
merits.
No. 745. L. Boteler, Trustee etc., petitioner, v. Ray Ingels, Direc-
tor of Motor Vehicles of the State of California, et al.; and
No. 746. L. Boteler, Trustee etc., petitioner, v. Ray Ingels, Direc-
tor of Motor Vehicles of the State of California et al. Petition
for writs of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals
for the Ninth Circuit granted.
No. 767. National Labor Relations Board, petitioner, v. Newport
News Shipbuilding & Dry Dock Company. Petition for writ of
certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the
Fourth Circuit granted.
No. 867. John Hancock Mutual Life Insurance Company, peti-
tioner, v. Benno Bartels. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United
States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit granted.
No. 722. Emil Olsson, petitioner, v. The United States. Petition
for writ of certiorari to the Court of Claims denied.
No. 751. Martin N. Jensen, et al., petitioners, v. The Canadian
Indemnity Company. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United
States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit denied.
No. 760. John L. Lotsch, petitioner, v. The United States of
America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Cir-
cuit Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit denied.
No. 761. Anna F. Ardenghi, petitioner, v. Commissioner of In-
ternal Revenue. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Circuit Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit denied.
No. 762. Sol H. Goldberg, petitioner, v. Commissioner of Internal
Revenue. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit
Court of Appeals for the Seventh Circuit denied.
No. 763. Black River Valley Broadcasts, Inc., petitioner, v. Frank
R. McNinch et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia denied.

MONDAY, APRIL 24, 1939
212
No. 764. Drusilla Carr Land Corporation, Debtor, et al., etc.,
petitioners, v. Gary Land Company; and
No. 765. Drusilla Carr Land Corporation, Debtor, et al., etc.,
petitioners, v. Gary Land Company. Petition for writs of certiorari
to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Seventh Cir-
cuit denied.
No. 342. Frank O. Lowden, et al., Trustees, etc., petitioners, v.
Simond-Shields-Lonsdale Grain Company. Petition for rehearing
denied.
ORDER
It is ordered that the call of the docket be suspended for the Term
upon the conclusion of the arguments in the cases on call for Friday,
April 28, and that the Court will then take a recess until Monday,
May 15.
No., original. Ex parte Mark O. Davis, petitioner. Motion for
leave to file petition for writ of mandamus submitted by Mr. Joseph
T. Sherier for the petitioner.
No. 773. Guy T. Helvering, Commissioner of Internal Revenue,
petitioner, v. Charles C. Stilwell. On petition for writ of certiorari
to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Seventh Cir-
cuit. Dismissed on motion of counsel for the petitioner.
No. 829. Minnesota Tax Commission et al., petitioners, v. William
B. Geery. On petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court
of the State of Minnesota. Dismissed on motion of counsel for the
petitioner.
No. 676. Horton C. Rorick, petitioner, v. Devon Syndicate, Lim-
ited. Argued by Mr. George R. Effler for the petitioner and by Mr.
George D. Welles for the respondent.
No. 742. State of Mississippi, ex rel. Greek L. Rice, Attorney
General, et al., appellants, v. The United States of America, et al.
Argument commenced by Mr. Edwin R. Holmes, Jr., and continued
by Mr. Russell Wright for the appellants. The Court declined to
hear further argument.
No. 771. The United States of America, appellant, v. Rock Royal
Co-operative, Inc., et al.;
No. 826. Holton V. Noyes, as Commissioner of Agriculture and
Markets of the State of New York, appellant, v. Rock Royal Co-op-
erative, Inc., et al.;
No. 827. Dairymen's League Cooperative Association, Inc., appel-
lant, v. Rock Royal Co-operative, Inc., et al.; and

MONDAY, APRIL 24, 1939
213
No. 828. Metropolitan Cooperative Milk Producers Bargaining
Agency, Inc., appellant, v. Rock Royal Co-operative, Inc., et al. Ar-
gument commenced by Mr. Solicitor General Jackson for the appel-
lants.
Adjourned until tomorrow at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Tuesday, April 25, will be as follows: Nos. 771
(826, 827, and 828), 772 (865 and 809), 384, 495, 590 (and
591), 810, 339, 372 October Term 1937, 10, and 627.
☑

TUESDAY, APRIL 25, 1939
214
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: The Chief Justice, Mr. Justice McReynolds, Mr. Justice
Butler, Mr. Justice Stone, Mr. Justice Roberts, Mr. Justice Black,
Mr. Justice Reed, Mr. Justice Frankfurter, and Mr. Justice Douglas.
Ernest L. Reid, of Orange, Tex.; Charles F. Fish, of New York
City; Edmund F. Cooke, of Buffalo, N. Y.; Shelby L. Wiggins, of
New York City; Ford Q. Elvidge, of Seattle, Wash.; James Martin
Heilman, of Lancaster, Pa.; Frank B. Appleman, of Tulsa, Okla.;
Robert Wayne Raynolds, of Tulsa, Okla.; Mildred Claire Hope, of
Washington, D. C.; Guy C. Heater, of New York City; Charles E.
France, of Oklahoma City, Okla.; and Hans A. Klagsbrunn, of
Washington, D. C., were admitted to practice.
No. 771. The United States of America, appellant, v. Rock Royal
Co-operative, Inc., et al.;
No. 826. Holton V. Noyes, as Commissioner of Agriculture and
Markets of the State of New York, appellant, v. Rock Royal Co-
operative, Inc., et al.;
No. 827. Dairymen's League Cooperative Association, Inc., appel-
lant, v. Rock Royal Co-operative, Inc., et al.; and
No. 828. Metropolitan Cooperative Milk Producers Bargaining
Agency, Inc., appellant, v. Rock Royal Co-operative, Inc., et al.
Argument continued by Mr. Solicitor General Jackson for the appel-
lants; by Mr. Leonard Acker for appellee, Central New York Co-
operative Association, Inc.; by Mr. Willard R. Pratt for appellees,
Rock Royal Co-operative, Inc., et al.; and concluded by Mr. Solicitor
General Jackson for the appellants. Leave granted Mr. Willard R.
Pratt to file an additional brief by Saturday next.
No. 772. H. P. Hood & Sons, Inc., et al., petitioners, v. The United
States of America et al.;
No. 865. E. Frank Branon, petitioner, v. The United States of
America et al.; and
No. 809. Whiting Milk Company, petitioner, v. The United States
of America et al. Argument commenced by Mr. Charles B. Rugg
for the petitioners in Nos. 772 and 865.
Adjourned until tomorrow at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Wednesday, April 26, will be as follows: Nos.
772 (865 and 809), 384, 495, 590 (and 591), 810, 339, 372
October Term 1937, 10, 627, and 717.
99087-39--83
Х

WEDNESDAY, APRIL 26, 1939
215
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: The Chief Justice, Mr. Justice McReynolds, Mr. Justice
Butler, Mr. Justice Stone, Mr. Justice Roberts, Mr. Justice Black,
Mr. Justice Reed, Mr. Justice Frankfurter, and Mr. Justice Douglas.
James M. Barnes, of Jacksonville, Ill.; Raymond S. Springer, of
Connersville, Ind.; Clyde Y. Morris, of Washington, D. C.; William
Gerber, of Memphis, Tenn.; Frederick McMillan Figert, of Wash-
ington, D. C.; Charles Maurice McKnight, of Tulsa, Okla.; Berry-
man Henwood, of St. Louis, Mo.; Bernard M. Chernoff, of Wash-
ington, D. C.; and Carroll G. Lord, of Chicago, Ill., were admitted
to practice.
No. 772. H. P. Hood & Sons, Inc., et al., petitioners, v. The United
States of America et al.;
No. 865. E. Frank Branon, petitioner, v. The United States of
America et al.; and
No. 809. Whiting Milk Company, petitioner, v. The United States
of America et al. Argument continued by Mr. Charles B. Rugg for
the petitioners in Nos. 772 and 865; by Mr. John M. Raymond for
the petitioner in No. 809; and concluded by Mr. Solicitor General
Jackson for the respondents.
No. 384. Guaranty Trust Company of New York, as Trustee, etc.,
petitioner, v. Berryman Henwood, Trustee of St. Louis Southwest-
ern Railway Company, et al. Reargument commenced by Mr. John
W. Davis for the petitioner; continued by Mr. A. H. Kiskaddon for
the respondent, Henwood, Trustee; by Mr. George L. Buland, for
the respondent, Southern Pacific Co.; by Mr. Carleton S. Hadley
for the respondent, Henwood, Trustee; and concluded by Mr. John
W. Davis for the petitioner.
Adjourned until tomorrow at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Thursday, April 27, will be as follows: Nos. 495,
590 (and 591), 810, 339, 372 October Term 1937, 10, 627, and 717.
99087-39- -84

THURSDAY, APRIL 27, 1939
216
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: The Chief Justice, Mr. Justice McReynolds, Mr. Justice
Butler, Mr. Justice Stone, Mr. Justice Roberts, Mr. Justice Black,
Mr. Justice Reed, Mr. Justice Frankfurter, and Mr. Justice Douglas.
Ellsworth D. Jones, of Washington, D. C.; Robert E. Bigney, of
Boston, Mass.; Walter W. Dosh, of Washington, D. C.; Annie Vest
Russell, of Washington, D. C.; S. Albert Stern, of Chicago, Ill.;
and Ira S. Robbins, of New York City, were admitted to practice.
No. 495. Chemical Bank & Trust Company, as Trustee, etc., peti-
tioner, v. Berryman Henwood, Trustee of St. Louis Southwestern
Railway Company, Debtor, et al. Reargued by Mr. Alfred H.
Phillips for the petitioner and by Mr. Carleton S. Hadley for the
respondents.
No. 590. Bethlehem Steel Company, petitioner, v. Zurich General
Accident & Liability Insurance Company, Limited; and
No. 591. Bethlehem Steel Company, petitioner, v. Anglo-Conti-
nentale Treuhand, A. G., et al. Reargued by Mr. Frederick H.
Wood for the petitioner; by Mr. Nathan L. Miller for the respondent
in No. 590; and by Mr. Harry Hoffman for the respondent in
No. 591.
Adjourned until tomorrow at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Friday, April 28, will be as follows: Nos. 810,
339, 372 October Term 1937, 10, 627, and 717.
99087-39--85

FRIDAY, APRIL 28, 1939
217
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: The Chief Justice, Mr. Justice McReynolds, Mr. Justice
Butler, Mr. Justice Stone, Mr. Justice Roberts, Mr. Justice Black,
Mr. Justice Reed, Mr. Justice Frankfurter, and Mr. Justice Douglas.
David B. Morgan, of Phoenix, Ariz.; J. Francis Moore, of Wash-
ington, D. C.; Sebastian Ugarte, of Manila, P. I.; Conrad Hubner,
of San Francisco, Calif.; Natalie Marion Weinstein, of Miami Beach,
Fla.; M. J. Halpern, of Brooklyn, N. Y.; Leo Fixler, of Brooklyn,
N. Y.; Michael A. Schmitt, of St. Paul, Minn.; Vernon W. Marr, of
Scituate, Mass.; and George L. DeLacy, of Omaha, Nebr., were ad-
mitted to practice.
No. 810. George W. O'Malley, Individually and as Collector of
Internal Revenue, appellant, v. Joseph W. Woodrough and Ella B.
Woodrough. Argued by Mr. Solicitor General Jackson for the
appellant and by Mr. J. A. C. Kennedy and Mr. George L. DeLacy
for the appellees.
No. 339. Henry S. Long, Chairman and John P. Kohn, Sr., and
W. W. Ramsey, as Members Comprising the State Tax Commis-
sion of the State of Alabama, et al., appellants, v. Walter Stokes, Jr.,
as Commissioner of Finance and Taxation of the State of Tennessee.
John C. Curry, State Tax Commissioner of the State of Alabama
substituted as a party appellant in the place and stead of Henry S.
Long, John P. Kohn, Sr., and W. W. Ramsey; and George F. Mc-
Canless, present Commissioner of Finance and Taxation of the State
of Tennessee, substituted as the party appellee in the place and stead
of Walter Stokes, Jr., on motion of Mr. Charles S. Trabue, Jr., for
the appellants.
No. 339. John C. Curry, State Tax Commissioner of Alabama,
et al., appellants, v. George F. McCanless, as Commissioner of
Finance and Taxation of the State of Tennessee. Reargued by Mr.
Marion Rushton for the appellants and by Mr. Edwin F. Hunt for the
appellee.
No. 372, October Term 1937. Mark Graves et al., petitioners, v.
Marion Brown Elliott et al. Reargued by Mr. Mortimer M. Kassell
for the petitioners and by Mr. Frederick C. Banks for the respondents.
Adjourned until Monday, next, at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Monday, May 1, will be as follows: Nos. 10, 627,
and 717.
✓
99087-39--86

MONDAY, MAY 1, 1939
218
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: The Chief Justice, Mr. Justice McReynolds, Mr. Justice
Butler, Mr. Justice Stone, Mr. Justice Roberts, Mr. Justice Black,
Mr. Justice Reed, Mr. Justice Frankfurter, and Mr. Justice Douglas.
Charles J. Crampton, of Dallas, Tex.; Carlos R. Freitas, of San
Rafael, Calif.; Walker Saulsbury, of Temple, Tex.; Raymond F.
Matyniak, of Hamtramck, Mich.; Nettie Young Jones, of Washing-
ton, D. C.; Arthur J. Rooks, of Hamtramck, Mich.; Harold J. Cohen,
of Chicago, Ill.; Isadore H. Halpern, of Washington, D. C.; John
Byrne Chamberlin, of Chicago, Ill.; Curt Von Boetticher, Jr., of Port
Washington, N. Y.; William J. Wehrli, of Casper, Wyo.; Samuel A.
Rinella, of Chicago, Ill.; Myer N. Rosengard, of Chicago, Ill.; and
Carlton F. Bryant, of Pittsburgh, Pa., were admitted to practice.
The Chief Justice announced the following orders of the Court:
No. 856. L. Hines, appellant, v. The State of Texas;
No. 857. Walter Ryan, appellant, v. The State of Texas;
No. 858. Eddie Brown, appellant, v. The State of Texas; and
No. 859. Damon Hunter, appellant, v. The State of Texas. Ap-
peals from the Court of Criminal Appeals of the State of Texas.
Per curiam: The appeals are dismissed for want of jurisdiction. Sec-
tion 237 (a), Judicial Code, as amended by the Act of February 13,
1925 (43 Stat. 936, 937). Treating the papers whereon the appeals
were allowed as petitions for writs of certiorari, as required by section
237 (c) of the Judicial Code, as amended (43 Stat. 936, 938), certiorari
is denied. The motions for leave to proceed further herein in forma
pauperis are denied.
No. 742. State of Mississippi, ex rel. Greek L. Rice, Attorney
General, et al., appellants, v. The United States of America et al.
Appeal from the District Court of the United States for the Southern
District of Mississippi. Per curiam: The decree is affirmed. Inter-
state Commerce Commission v. Union Pacific Railroad Company, 222
U. S. 541, 547-548; Los Angeles Switching Case, 234 U. S. 294, 311–
312; United States v. American Tin Plate Company, 301 U. S. 402, 411.
No. -, original. Ex parte Joseph Poresky, petitioner. Applica-
tion denied.
99087-39-87

No.
-
MONDAY, MAY 1, 1939
219
- original. Ex parte Mark O. Davis, petitioner. The mo-
tion for leave to file petition for writ of mandamus is denied.
No. J. Rush Stoner, petitioner, v. Board of Commissioners of
Boulder County. The motion for mandate is denied.
No. 748. Ford Motor Company, petitioner, v. Edward Clark, Secre-
tary of State of the State of Texas, et al. The motion to substitute
Tom L. Beauchamp, present Secretary of State, and Gerald Mann,
present Attorney General, as parties respondent in place of Edward
Clark and William McCraw, respectively, is granted.
No. 532. W. P. Deppe, petitioner, v. General Motors Corporation,
The petition for reopening is denied.
No. 849. Elmira Nichols and Pauline Thompson, appellants, v.
Commonwealth of Massachusetts. In this case probable jurisdiction
is noted and the case is assigned for argument immediately following
No. 749.
No. 860. Texas Electric Railway Company, appellant, v. Clyde O.
Eastus, United States Attorney for the Northern District of Texas,
et al.; and
No. 863. City of Atlanta, a municipal corporation of the State of
Georgia, appellant, v. National Bituminous Coal Commission et al.
In these cases probable jurisdiction is noted.
No. 847. Cities Service Oil Company, petitioner, v. B. P. Dunlap
et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit
Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit granted.
No. 854. The United States of America, petitioner, v. The Glenn L.
Martin Company. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United
States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Fourth Circuit granted.
No. 838. F. H. E. Oil Company, petitioner, v. Commissioner of
Internal Revenue. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United
States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit granted and
the case assigned for argument immediately following Nos. 163, 164,
and 165. Mr. Justice Reed took no part in the consideration and
decision of this application.
No. 815. Bessie C. Williamson, petitioner, v. Commissioner of
Internal Revenue. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United
States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Sixth Circuit denied. Mr.
Justice Reed took no part in the consideration and decision of this
application.
No. 844. William Rash, Administrator of the Estate of Noah
Trump, deceased, petitioner, v. Norfolk & Western Railway Company.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Appeals of
the State of West Virginia denied for the want of a final judgment.

MONDAY, MAY 1, 1939
220
No. 721. City of Rockford, petitioner, v. Henry La Parr and A. B.
Culhane, Receiver, etc.; and
No. 811. Henry La Parr and A. B. Culhane, Receiver, etc., peti-
tioners, v. City of Rockford. Petitions for writs of certiorari to the
United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Seventh Circuit
denied.
No. 738. Edgar Roy Gump, petitioner, v. The State of California
et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of the
State of California denied.
No. 754. Twentieth Century Bus Operators, Inc., et al., petitioners,
v. The United States of America. Petition for writ of certiorari to
the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit
denied.
No. 768. National Life and Accident Insurance Company, peti-
tioner, v. Edith Holbrook. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 775. Jess R. Anderson, petitioner, v. The United States of
America;
No. 776. Anthony Banca, petitioner, v. The United States of
America;
No. 777. Jess Chandler, petitioner, v. The United States of
America;
No. 778. Anthony J. Chunes, petitioner, v. The United States of
America;
No. 779. John Costello, petitioner, v. The United States of
America;
No. 780. William Crompton, petitioner, v. The United States of
America;
No. 781. Sam Doah, petitioner, v. The United States of America;
No. 782. Earl Evans, petitioner, v. The United States of America;
No. 783. John H. Fancher, petitioner, v. The United States of
America;
No. 784. Anton Victor Gent, petitioner, v. The United States of
America:
No. 785. Arthur Gramlich, petitioner, v. The United States of
America;
No. 786. James Harrison, petitioner, v. The United States of
America;
No. 787. George Heine, petitioner, v. The United States of
America;
No. 788. Henry Johnson, petitioner, v. The United States of
America;
No. 789. Joseph LaVerso, petitioner, v. The United States of
America;

MONDAY, MAY 1, 1939
221
No. 790. Edward Lee, petitioner, v. The United States of America ;
No. 791. Harry Irvin Lowe, petitioner, v. The United States of
America;
No. 792. Carl Maddox, petitioner, v. The United States
America;
of
No. 793. Daniel Mataya, petitioner, v. The United States of
America;
No. 794. Daniel J. McGill, petitioner, v. The United States of
America;
No. 795. Harry Melton, petitioner, v. The United States of
America;
No. 796. Andrew Newman, petitioner, v. The United States of
America;
No. 797. Anthony Profeta, petitioner, v. The United States of
America;
No. 798. Salvadore Profeta, petitioner, v. The United States of
America;
No. 799. Charles Rudolph, petitioner, v. The United States of
America;
No. 800. John Schneider, petitioner, v. The United States of
America;
No. 801. John Stanley, petitioner, v. The United States of
America;
No. 802. John Stewart, petitioner, v. The United States of
America;
No. 803. Dominic Tarro, petitioner, v. The United States of
America;
No. 804. John Edward Tatman, petitioner, v. The United States of
America;
No. 805. John Taylor, petitioner, v. The United States of America;
No. 806. William Henry Thompson, petitioner, v. The United
States of America;
No. 807. Raymond Tombazzi, petitioner, v. The United States of
America; and
No. 808. Russell Wagner, petitioner, v. The United States of
America. Petition for writs of certiorari to the United States Cir-
cuit Court of Appeals for the Seventh Circuit denied.
No. 819. The Citizens National Bank of Waco, petitioner, v.
Fidelity & Deposit Company of Maryland. Petition for writ of
certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Fifth
Circuit denied.
No. 824. Harry D. McCoy, petitioner, v. Southern Pacific Com-
pany. Petition for writ of certiorari to the District Court of Appeal,
1st Appelate District, State of California, denied.

MONDAY, MAY 1, 1939
222
No. 831. George W. Green, petitioner, v. City of Stuart. Petition
for writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals
for the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 848. School District of Haverford Township, petitioner, v.
American Surety Company of New York. Petition for writ of
certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the
Third Circuit denied.
No. 853. The Dayton Rubber Manufacturing Company et al., peti-
tioners, v. Henry Stagnaro, Trading as Cincinnati Belting Company,
et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit
Court of Appeals for the Sixth Circuit denied.
No. 766. Robert L. DeMuth, petitioner, v. Commissioner of Inter-
nal Revenue. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Circuit Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit denied.
No. 876. Maude W. Sweet et al., petitioners, v. Commissioner of
Internal Revenue. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United
States Circuit of Appeals for the First Circuit denied.
ORDER
The Court will take a recess from today until Monday, May 15;
from that day until Monday, May 22, and from that day until Mon-
day, May 29, upon which day it will adjourn for the term unless
otherwise ordered.
No motions, except motions for admission to practice, will be re-
ceived after the session next before the date fixed for adjournment
of the term.
No. 10. The United States of America, petitioner, v. One 1936
Model Ford V-8, De Luxe Coach, etc., et al. Reargued by Mr. Gor-
don Dean for the petitioner and by Mr. Duane R. Dills and Mr.
Eugene E. Heaton for the respondent.
No. 627. The United States of America, petitioner, v. Automobile
Financing, Inc. Argued by Mr. Gordon Dean for the petitioner and
by Mr. Duane R. Dills for the respondent.
No. 717. William Jameson & Company, Inc., appellant, v. Henry
Morgenthau, Jr., Secretary of the Treasury of the United States,
et al. Argued by Mr. William D. Mitchell for the appellant and by
Mr. Solicitor General Jackson and Mr. Phillip E. Buck for the
appellees.
Adjourned until Monday, May 15, next at 12 o'clock.
☑

MONDAY, MAY 15, 1939
223
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: The Chief Justice, Mr. Justice McReynolds, Mr. Justice
Butler, Mr. Justice Stone, Mr. Justice Roberts, Mr. Justice Black,
Mr. Justice Reed, Mr. Justice Frankfurter, and Mr. Justice Douglas.
Thomas D. Quinn, of Washington, D. C.; Frank R. Pitt, of New
York City; Astor Hogg, of Whitesburg, Ky.; Henry B. Witham, of
Knoxville, Tenn.; Patricia H. Collins, of Atlanta, Ga.; Leslie C.
Krusen, of Philadelphia, Pa.; Rowland C. Evans, Jr., of Philadel-
phia, Pa.; John D. Pheney, of Detroit, Mich.; Leo W. Walsh, of
Grand Rapids, Mich.; Colonel C. Sawyer, of Indianapolis, Ind.;
Fred C. Gartner, of Philadelphia, Pa.; Franklin E. Fogo, of Rich-
land Center, Wis.; J. Gilmore Fletcher, of Pittsburgh, Pa.; Thomas
E. Whitten, of Pittsburgh, Pa.; Forrest Andrews, of Knoxville,
Tenn.; Joel H. Berry, of Houston, Tex.; Terry C. Dickens, of Marlin,
Tex.; Francis X. Dwyer, of Cambridge, Mass.; Alfred Brunson Mac-
Chesney III, of Chicago, Ill.; Arlindo Sanders Cate, of Chicago, Ill.;
Guy Angle Greenawalt, of Washington, D. C.; Charles R. Fay, of
Washington, D. C.; Randolph B. Cousins, of New York City; Fred-
erick A. Warren, of Pierre, S. Dak.; John H. O'Toole, of Wash-
ington, D. C.; Sara Talbert Mero, of Washington, D. C.; Richard
H. Packard, of Saginaw, Mich.; August H. Moran, of Chevy Chase,
Md.; Hanns P. Kneipkamp, of New York City; Harold J. Jones,
of New York City; L. Frank Withers, of Louisville, Ky.; J. G. Rags-
dale, of El Dorado, Ark.; John J. Yowell, of Chicago, Ill.; Henry
E. T. Herman, of Spokane, Wash.; B. Woodruff Weaver, of Wash-
ington, D. C.; W. F. Wilson, Jr., of Oklahoma City, Okla.; Clarence
Edelson, of Chicago, Ill.; Robert C. Goodale, of Washington, D. C.;
George A. Wilson, of New Orleans, La.; Joseph Marchetti, of Los
Angeles, Calif.; Gorham F. Freer, of Arlington, Va.; George W.
Porter, of Arlington, Va.; Nick Stepanovich, of East Chicago, Ind.;
Loyd Justin Cohen, of East Chicago, Ind.; Joseph W. Carroll, of
Washington, D. C.; Joseph A. Beck, of Pittsburgh, Pa.; William
M. Cushman, of Washington, D. C.; Dodger D. Gessford, of Wash-
ington, D. C.; Harry C. Riley, of Washington, D. C.; John W.
Malley, of Washington, D. C.; Humbert Cofrances, of New Haven,
Conn.; Joseph Kovner, of Washington, D. C.; Theodore L. Chisholm,
of New York City; John A. Bouvier, Jr., of Miami, Fla.; Alfred
T. Airth, of Live Oak, Fla.; Claude L. Gray, of Orlando, Fla.; and
Catherine L. Vaux, of Washington, D. C., were admitted to practice.
99087-39--88

MONDAY, MAY 15, 1939
224
No. 687. The United States of America, appellant, v. Neal Powers
and Rene Allred. Appeal from the District Court of the United
States for the Southern District of Texas. Judgment reversed and
cause remanded to the said District Court for further proceedings in
conformity with the opinion of this Court. Opinion by Mr. Justice
Douglas.
No. 554. H. C. Rorick, Joseph R. Grundy, and J. R. Easton, appel-
lants, v. Board of Commissioners of Everglades Drainage District,
etc., et al. Appeal from the District Court of the United States for
the Northern District of Florida. Decree vacated at the cost of
appellants and cause remanded to the said District Court for further
proceedings to be taken independently of Section 266 of the Judicial
Code. Opinion by Mr. Justice Frankfurter. Mr. Justice Douglas
took no part in the consideration or decision of this case.
No. 544. The United States of America v. Edward H. Marxen,
Trustee of Monterey Brewing Company, a Corporation, Bankrupt.
On certificate from the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for
the Ninth Circuit. Question certified answered in the negative.
Opinion by Mr. Justice Reed. The Chief Justice and Mr. Justice
Douglas took no part in the consideration or decision of this case.
No. 221. The United States of America and the Secretary of Agri-
culture, appellants, v. F. O. Morgan, doing business as F. O. Morgan
Sheep Commission Company, et al. Appeal from the District Court
of the United States for the Western District of Missouri. Judg-
ment reversed and cause remanded to the said District Court for
further proceedings in conformity with the opinion of this Court.
Opinion by Mr. Justice Stone. Mr. Justice Reed took no part in
the consideration and decision of this case. Dissenting opinion by
Mr. Justice Butler in which Mr. Justice McReynolds and Mr. Justice
Roberts join.
No. 696. The United States of America, appellant, v. Jack Miller
and Frank Layton. Appeal from the District Court of the United
States for the Western District of Arkansas. Judgment reversed
and cause remanded to the said District Court for further proceed-
ings in conformity with the opinion of this Court. Opinion by Mr.
Justice McReynolds. Mr. Justice Douglas took no part in the consid-
eration or decision of this cause.
No. 717. William Jameson & Company, Inc., appellant, v. Henry
Morgenthau, Jr., Secretary of the Treasury of the United States,
et al. Appeal from the District Court of the United States for the
District of Columbia. Decree vacated and cause remanded to the
said District Court for further proceedings to be taken independ-
ently of Sec. 3 of the Act of August 24, 1937. Opinion, per curiam,
announced by Mr. Chief Justice Hughes.

MONDAY, MAY 15, 1939
225
The Chief Justice announced the following order of the Court:
No. 906. Rosehill Cemetery Company, appellant, v. William Knox
Steele. Appeal from the Supreme Court of the State of Illinois.
Per curiam: The motion of the appellee to dismiss the appeal is
granted, and the appeal is dismissed for want of a properly pre-
sented substantial federal question. (1) Willoughby v. Chicago,
235 U. S. 45, 49; Cleveland & Pittsburgh R. R. v. Cleveland, 235 U. S.
50, 53; Mellon v. O'Neil, 275 U. S. 212, 214–215; (2) Violet Trapping
Co. v. Grace, 297 U. S. 119, 120; Ingraham v. Hanson, 297 U. S.
378, 381; Schenebeck v. McCrary, 298 U. S. 36, 37.
The Chief Justice said:
"The other orders of the Court appear upon the list certified by
the Chief Justice and filed with the Clerk and will not be announced
orally."
No.
No.
-
-
,
original. Ex parte John P. Goodman, petitioner; and
original. Ex parte Richard Bundy, petitioner. The mo-
tions for leave to file petitions for writs of certiorari are denied.
No. -, original. Ex parte Harper Blattenberger. The motion for
leave to file petition for writ of habeas corpus is denied.
No. In re disbarment of William H. Griffin. It appearing to
this Court from the records in William H. Griffin, Jr., appellant, v.
The Appellate Division of the Supreme Court of the State of New
York, etc., et al., No. 586, October Term, 1938, and William H. Grif-
fin, Jr., petitioner, v. The Appellate Division of the Supreme Court
of the State of New York, etc., et al., No. 698, October Term, 1938,
that William H. Griffin of New York, a member of the Bar of this
Court, has been disbarred from the practice of the law in the courts
of New York by order of the Appellate Division of the Supreme Court
of the State of New York, First Department; and this Court by order
of March 27, 1939, having suspended the said William H. Griffin from
the practice of law in this Court and directed that a rule issue requir-
ing him to show cause why he should not be disbarred from the prac-
tice of the law in this Court;
And it appearing that the said rule was issued and served upon the
said William H. Griffin, who has filed a return thereto;
Now, upon consideration of the rule to show cause and the return
thereto, it is ordered that the said William H. Griffin be, and he hereby
is, disbarred, and that his name be stricken from the roll of attorneys
admitted to practice in this Court.
No. 11, original. The State of Texas, complainant, v. The State of
Florida, the State of New York, et al. This cause came on to be

MONDAY, MAY 15, 1939
226
heard on the pleadings, evidence, and the exceptions filed by the
parties to the Report of the Special Master, and was argued by
counsel.
The Court having dismissed Mabel Harlow Green as a party
defendant to the suit on January 17, 1938 (302 U. S. 662), pursuant
to the stipulation filed by the parties, it is now here ordered,
adjudged, and decreed as follows:
1. The Report of the Special Master is confirmed.
2. The domicile of Edward Howland Robinson Green at the time
of his death, June 8, 1936, was in fact and in law within the Com-
monwealth of Massachusetts and not within the State of Texas, the
State of Florida, or the State of New York.
3. The cause will be retained upon the docket for such further
action as may be necessary and proper, and the parties or any of
them may at any time hereafter apply for relief as they may be
advised.
And it is further ordered that the costs in this case, including the
compensation and expenses of the Special Master shall be paid one-
fifth each by the State of Texas, State of Florida, State of New
York, Commonwealth of Massachusetts, and Hetty Sylvia Ann How-
land Green Wilks.
No. 11, original. The State of Texas, complainant, v. The State of
Florida et al. An order is entered fixing the compensation and
allowing the expenses of the Special Master herein.
No. 918. Bernardino Rodriquez and Lucia Rodriquez, petitioners,
v. E. A. Ward. On petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme
Court of the State of New Mexico;
No. 919. Fred Kammerer, petitioner, v. The State of New York.
On petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals of the
State of New York;
No. 874. Edmond C. Fletcher, petitioner, v. Fenton W. Booth et al.
On petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals of the
District of Columbia; and
No. 884. John Morrow, petitioner, v. The United States of Amer-
ica. On petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit
Court of Appeals for the Seventh Circuit. The motions for leave.
to proceed further herein in forma pauperis are denied for the rea-
son that the Court, upon examination of the papers herein submitted
finds no ground upon which writs of certiorari should be issued.
The petitions for writs of certiorari are therefore also denied.
No. 532. W. P. Deppe, petitioner, v. General Motors Corporation.
The petition filed May 6, 1939, is stricken from the files as scanda-
lous.

MONDAY, MAY 15, 1939
227
No. 845. Mabel Franklin and R. F. Graves, petitioners, v. The
United States of America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Sixth Circuit granted.
No. 881. Estate of Charles Henry Sanford, deceased, etc., peti-
tioner, v. Commissioner of Internal Revenue. Petition for writ
of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the
Third Circuit granted.
No. 713. William Saenger et al., petitioners, v. Estaban Adam.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Civil Appeals Ninth
Supreme Judicial District, State of Texas, denied for the want of a
final judgment.
No. 861. Joseph Ricebaum and Gould & Company, petitioners, v.
The United States of America; and
No. 871. Joseph R. Mendelson et al., petitioners, v. The United
States of America. Petitions for writs of certiorari to the United
States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit denied. Mr.
Justice Douglas took no part in the consideration and decision of
these applications.
No. 821. American Employers' Insurance Company, petitioner, v.
Henry G. Montgomery;
No. 822. American Employers' Insurance Company, petitioner, v.
Henry G. Montgomery; and
No. 823. United States Casualty Company, petitioner, v. Henry
G. Montgomery. Petition for writs of certiorari to the United States
Circuit Court of Appeals for the Third Circuit denied.
No. 812. The United States of America ex rel. George Foradis,
petitioner, v. Rudolph Reimer, Commissioner of Immigration at
the Port of New York. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United
States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit denied.
No. 816. Rosenbaum Grain Corporation et al., petitioners, v. The
United States of America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
United States Court of Customs and Patent Appeals denied.
No. 820. United States, for the use and benefit of F. B. Spears &
Sons, petitioner, v. Arthur Storm Company and Seaboard Surety
Company. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Circuit Court of Appeals for the Sixth Circuit denied.
No. 830. Virginia Iron, Coal & Coke Company, petitioner, v. Com-
missioner of Internal Revenue. Petition for writ of certiorari to
the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Fourth Circuit
denied.
No. 836. Continental Casualty Company, petitioner, v. First Na-
tional Bank of Temple. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United
States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit denied.

MONDAY, MAY 15, 1939
228
No. 837. W. M. Crook, petitioner, v. J. Zorn, Jr., Trustee of Dorf-
man's, Inc., Bankrupt. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United
States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 841. Ronald E. Curtis, petitioner, v. Archibald R. Watson.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of the State of
New York denied.
No. 842. Federal Reserve Bank of Philadelphia, petitioner, v.
Reba Cook Algar et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United
States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Third Circuit denied.
No. 846. Louise M. Augustus, petitioner, v. New Amsterdam Cas-
ualty Company of Baltimore. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Seventh Circuit
denied.
No. 850. Falstaff Brewing Corporation, petitioner, v. Ray H.
Thompson. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Cir-
cuit Court of Appeals for the Eighth Circuit denied.
No. 851. Mae Franklin, as Administratrix, etc., petitioner, v. Mar-
tin Wunderlich et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United
States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 855. Kenneth A. Campbell, Administrator, etc., petitioner, v.
Horace G. Beedle et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United
States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Eighth Circuit denied.
No. 866. Patrick J. Falvey, Individually, etc., petitioner, v. Fore-
man-State National Bank.et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to
the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Seventh Circuit
denied.
No. 832. Robert H. Montgomery, petitioner, v. The United States.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Claims denied.
No. 839. W. A. Ward, W. W. Ward, et al., petitioners, v. Shell
Petroleum Corporation and Texas Public Service Company. Peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of
Appeals for the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 868. Glenmore Distilleries Company, petitioner, v. National
Distillers Products Corporation. Petition for writ of certiorari to
the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Fourth Circuit
denied.
No. 872. T. J. Conway, Trustee, petitioner, v. Joe T. Bonner. Pe-
tition for writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of
Appeals for the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 875. Southern Pacific Company, petitioner, v. The United
States of America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United
States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit denied.

MONDAY, MAY 15, 1939
229
No. 879. L. A. Salomon and Bro., petitioners, v. The United States
of America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Court of Customs and Patent Appeals denied.
No. 852. James Reed Swain, petitioner, v. State of Indiana. The
motion for leave to file an amended petition for writ of certiorari
and the petition for rehearing are denied.
No. 432. The United States of America et al., appellants, v. Dan
E. Maher, doing business as Interstate Busses;
No. 462. Powers Higginbotham, appellant, v. City of Baton
Rouge, Louisiana;
No. 509. Denis J. Driscoll et al., appellants, v. Edison Light and
Power Company;
No. 731. Minnesota Mining & Manufacturing Company, peti-
tioner, v. Conway P. Coe, Commissioner of Patents; and
No. 813. William A. Johnson, Individually, et al., appellants, v.
Town of Deerfield, et al. Petitions for rehearing denied.
No. 376. Wade H. Cooper, petitioner, v. J. F. T. O'Connor, F. G.
Awalt, et al. Motion for leave to file second petition for rehearing
submitted by Mr. Wade H. Cooper for the petitioner.
No. 877. Essley Shirt Co., Inc., petitioner, v. Celanese Corporation
of America; and
No. 878. Trubenizing Process Corporation, petitioner, v. Ferdi-
nand Jacobson et al., etc. On petition for writs of certiorari to the
United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit. Dis-
missed on motion of counsel for the petitioners.
Adjourned until Monday, May 22, next, at 12 o'clock.
☑

MONDAY, MAY 22, 1939
230
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: The Chief Justice, Mr. Justice McReynolds, Mr. Justice
Butler, Mr. Justice Stone, Mr. Justice Roberts, Mr. Justice Black, Mr.
Justice Reed, Mr. Justice Frankfurter, and Mr. Justice Douglas.
Gladys Towles Root, of Los Angeles, Calif.; Rose Ealine Freidlin,
of Jacksonville, Fla.; Margaret Bowles Kelley, of Boston, Mass.;
Eleanor L. Daly, of Cambridge, Mass.; Esther S. Critchfield, of Wash-
ington, D. C.; J. Leonard Lyons, of Washington, D. C.; James D.
Head, Jr., of Texarkana, Ark.; Fletcher Bowron, of Los Angeles,
Calif.; J. O. Watson, Jr., of Indianola, Iowa; F. W. A. Eiermann, of
Little Rock, Ark.; Charles W. Straub, of Helena, Ark.; Ingemar E.
Hoberg, of San Francisco, Calif.; Arthur Stehling, of Fredericksburg,
Tex.; James E. Lightle, Jr., of Searcy, Ark.; Arthur Reaney Murphy,
of Washington, D. C.; Arthur Gorman Lambert, of Chevy Chase, Md.;
Benjamin F. York, of Saint Louis, Mo.; Louis White, of Saint Louis,
Mo.; Okey P. Keadle, of Huntington, W. Va.; Ruth F. Wilson, of
Washington, D. C.; James E. Smith, of Topeka, Kans.; James Joseph
Duncan, of Washington, D. C.; Gerald Spencer, of Chickasha, Okla.;
Oliver J. Dompierre, of Washington, D. C.; Charles W. Wilson, of
Washington, D. C.; Otto S. Schairer, of New York City; George D.
Warr, of Oklahoma City, Okla.; George D. Jagels, of Los Angeles,
Calif.; Charles W. Rivise, of Philadelphia, Pa.; Morris Seifer, of
Newark, N. J.; Wm. F. Evans, of Raleigh, N. C.; Frank Utley
Fletcher, of Raleigh, N. C.; Eugene O. Sykes, of Jackson, Miss.;
Christopher Gerard Coleman, of New York City; Russell L. Frink, of
Jacksonville, Fla.; James Francis Reilly, of Washington, D. C.; Oscar
A. Trippet, of Los Angeles, Calif.; Leo W. Kenny, of Washington,
D. C.; Raymond T. Anixter, of San Francisco, Calif.; Joseph Ramsey
Clayton, of New York City; Seymour J. Wilner, of New York City;
Augustus Arvis Latting, of Memphis, Tenn.; and Christopher M.
Jenks, of Piedmont, Calif., were admitted to practice.
No. 676. Horton C. Rorick, petitioner, v. Devon Syndicate, Lim-
ited. On writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of
Appeals for the Sixth Circuit. Judgment reversed with costs and
cause remanded to the District Court of the United States for the
Northern District of Ohio for further proceedings in conformity
with the opinion of this Court. Opinion by Mr. Justice Douglas.
99087-39--89

MONDAY, MAY 22, 1939
231
No. 460. I. W. Lane, petitioner, v. Jess Wilson, John Moss, and
Marion Parks. On writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit
Court of Appeals for the Tenth Circuit. Judgment reversed with
costs and cause remanded to the District Court of the United States
for the Eastern District of Oklahoma for further proceedings in con-
formity with the opinion of this Court. Opinion by Mr. Justice
Frankfurter. Mr. Justice McReynolds and Mr. Justice Butler think
that the court below reached the right conclusion and that its judg-
ment should be affirmed. Mr. Justice Douglas took no part in the
consideration or disposition of this case.
No. 810. George W. O'Malley, Individually and as Collector of
Internal Revenue, appellant, v. Joseph W. Woodrough and Ella B.
Woodrough. Appeal from the District Court of the United States
for the District of Nebraska. Judgment reversed with costs and
cause remanded to the said District Court for further proceedings
in conformity with the opinion of this Court. Opinion by Mr. Jus-
tice Frankfurter. Mr. Justice McReynolds did not hear the argu-
ment in this cause and took no part in its consideration or decision.
Dissenting opinion by Mr. Justice Butler.
No. 384. Guaranty Trust Company of New York, as Trustee, etc.,
petitioner, v. Berryman Henwood, Trustee of St. Louis Southwestern
Railway Company et al.; and
No. 495. Chemical Bank & Trust Company, as Trustee, etc., peti-
tioner, v. Berryman Henwood, Trustee of St. Louis Southwestern.
Railway Company, Debtor, et al. On writs of certiorari to the United
States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Eighth Circuit. Judgments
affirmed with costs and cases remanded to the District Court of the
United States for the Eastern District of Missouri. Opinion by Mr.
Justice Black. Dissenting opinion by Mr. Justice Stone in which
the Chief Justice, Mr. Justice McReynolds, and Mr. Justice Butler
concur.
No. 590. Bethlehem Steel Company, petitioner, v. Zurich General
Accident & Liability Insurance Company, Limited; and
No. 591. Bethlehem Steel Company, petitioner, v. Anglo-Conti-
nentale Treuhand, A. G., et al. On writs of certiorari to the
Supreme Court of the State of New York. Judgments reversed
with costs and cases remanded to the said Supreme Court for further
proceedings not inconsistent with the opinion of this Court. Opinion
by Mr. Justice Black. Dissenting: The Chief Justice, Mr. Justice
McReynolds, Mr. Justice Butler, and Mr. Justice Stone.
No. 582. Electrical Fittings Corporation, Joselson Sales Corpora-
tion, et al., petitioners, v. The Thomas & Betts Co. and National
Electrical Products Corporation. On writ of certiorari to the United
States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit. Judgment

MONDAY, MAY 22, 1939
232
reversed with costs and cause remanded to the said Circuit Court of
Appeals with instructions to entertain the appeal and direct the
District Court to reform its decree in accordance with the views
expressed in the opinion of this Court. Opinion by Mr. Justice
Roberts.
No. 76. The Maytag Company, petitioner, v. Hurley Machine Com-
pany et al.; and
No. 77. The Maytag Company, petitioner, v. Easy Washing Ma-
chine Corporation. On writs of certiorari to the United States Cir-
cuit Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit; and
No. 661. General Electric Supply Corporation, petitioner, v. The
Maytag Company. On writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit
Court of Appeals for the Eighth Circuit. Decrees in No. 76 and 77
affirmed with costs and cases remanded to the District Court of the
United States for the Southern District of New York; decree in No.
661 reversed with costs and cause remanded to the District Court of
the United States for the Western District of Missouri for further
proceedings in conformity with the opinion of this Court. Opinion by
Mr. Justice Roberts.
No. 10. The United States of America, petitioner, v. One 1936
Model Ford V-8 De Luxe Coach, etc. On writ of certiorari to the
United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Fourth Circuit; and
No. 627. The United States of America, petitioner, v. Automobile
Financing, Inc. On writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit
Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit. Decrees affirmed and cases
remanded to the District Courts of the United States for the Western
District of South Carolina and the Northern District of Georgia
respectively. Opinion by Mr. Justice McReynolds. Mr. Justice
Butler and Mr. Justice Stone took no part in the consideration and
decision of these cases. Dissenting opinion by Mr. Justice Douglas
in which Mr. Justice Black and Mr. Justice Frankfurter join.
The Chief Justice announced the following orders of the Court:
No. 902. Carolene Products Company, appellant, v. Henry A. Wal-
lace, Secretary of Agriculture of the United States, et al. Appeal
from the District Court of the United States for the District of
Columbia. Per curiam: The motion of the appellees to affirm is
granted and the order denying a temporary injunction is affirmed.
Alabama v. United States, 279 U. S. 229, 231; United Gas Co. v.
Public Service Commission, 278 U. S. 322, 326–327; National Fire
Insurance Company v. Thompson, 281 U. S. 331, 338.
No. 907. Maryland Jockey Club of Baltimore City, appellant, v.
Jervis Spencer, Jr., George R. Norris, et al. Appeal from the Court

MONDAY, MAY 22, 1939
233
of Appeals of the State of Maryland. Per curiam: The motion of the
appellees to dismiss is granted and the appeal is dismissed for want
of a substantial federal question. (1) Carmichael v. Southern Coal
Co., 301 U. S. 495, 521-523; Thomas v. Gay, 169 U. S. 264, 278–280;
Cincinnati Soap Co. v. United States, 301 U. S. 308, 313; Rapid Tran-
sit Corporation v. New York, 303 U. S. 573, 584–587; (2) Fort Smith
Light Co. v. Paving District, 274 U. S. 387, 391; Missouri Ry. v.
Mackey, 127 U. S. 205, 209; Rapid Transit Corporation v. New York,
supra at pp. 578–579.
The Chief Justice said:
"The other orders of the Court appear upon the list certified by the
Chief Justice and filed with the Clerk and will not be announced
orally."
ORDER
It is ordered that the Rules of Practice for the Courts of the United
States in Admiralty and Maritime Jurisdiction be, and they hereby
are, revised, effective September 1, 1939, by substituting for present
Rules 31 and 32 five new Rules numbered 31, 32, 32A, 32B, and 32C,
and by adding two new Rules numbered 46A and 46B.
No., original. Ex parte Richard Paul Billings, petitioner; and
No. -, original. Ex parte Howard H. Higley, petitioner. The
motions for leave to file petitions for writs of habeas corpus are
denied.
No. . In the matter of Johnnie Caesar. The application for writ
of prohibition is denied.
No. 441. The Electric Storage Battery Co., petitioner, v. Genzo
Shimadzu et al. The opinion is amended by striking out the word
"them" at the end of the first full paragraph on page 11, and substi-
tuting “the claims in suit"; and by striking out the words "inva-
lidity of” in the next to the last line of the opinion and substituting
therefor the words “dismissal as to." The petitions for rehearing
are denied.
No. 498. Rafael Sancho Bonet, Treasurer of Puerto Rico, peti-
tioner, v. Yabucoa Sugar Company. The opinion of the Court an-
nounced March 27, 1939, is amended in the following particulars:
In the first complete sentence on page 3, the word “refund” is
stricken and the word “relief” inserted in lieu thereof, and omission
of quoted matter in the third complete sentence is indicated, so that
the first three sentences will read: "Such a taxpayer can sue at law
under these sections only if he has been denied relief by both the
Treasurer and the Board of Review and Equalization of the Island.
But these sections nowhere expressly authorize appeal from the

MONDAY, MAY 22, 1939
234
Treasurer to the Board by one who paid taxes without protest. And
Section 76 (b), which the Circuit Court of Appeals interpreted as
authorizing suit by a taxpayer who paid without protest, expressly
prohibits suit in court ‘until a claim for refund or credit has been
duly filed with
* the Board of Review and Equalization
on appeal, according to the provisions of law in that regard, and
the regulations established in pursuance thereof.""
*
The petition for rehearing is denied.
No. 930. The Union Stock Yard and Transit Company of Chicago,
appellant, v. The United States of America and Interstate Commerce
Commission et al. In this case probable jurisdiction is noted.
No. 817. Thomas K. Case and Adele B. Cowan et al., petitioners,
v. Los Angeles Lumber Products Company, Ltd.; and
No. 818. Thomas K. Case and Adele B. Cowan et al., petitioners,
v. Los Angeles Lumber Products Company, Ltd. Petition for writs
of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the
Ninth Circuit granted.
No. 886. Retail Food Clerks and Managers Union, Local No. 1357,
et al., petitioners, v. Union Premier Food Stores, Inc., et al. Petition
for writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals
for the Third Circuit granted. Mr. Justice Roberts took no part in
the consideration and decision of this application.
No. 912. Almon G. Rasquin, Collector of Internal Revenue of the
United States for the First District of New York, petitioner, v.
George Arents Humphreys. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit
granted and the case assigned for argument immediately following
No. 881.
No. 833. United States Trust Company of New York, Executor,
etc., petitioner, v. The United States. The motion to remand is
denied. The petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Claims is
denied.
No. 900. Mary Cvelich, Administratrix, etc., petitioner, v. Erie
Railroad Company. The petition for writ of certiorari to the Court
of Errors and Appeals of the State of New Jersey is denied for the
want of a final judgment.
No. 834. George F. Seiberling et al., executors, etc., petitioners, v.
The United States; and
No. 835. Lehigh Valley Trust Co. et al., petitioners, v. The United
States. Petition for writs of certiorari to the Court of Claims denied.
No. 840. Berry Oil Company, petitioners, v. The United States.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Claims denied.

MONDAY, MAY 22, 1939
235
No. 864. In the matter of Robert R. Sidebotham, petitioner. Peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of the State of
California denied.
No. 869. Winnie Gomillion, petitioner, v. Union Bridge & Con-
struction Company of Kansas City, Missouri. Petition for writ of
certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the
Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 870. Clarence Wayne, Trustee of Clare & Company, Bankrupt,
petitioner, v. Cutler-Hammer, Inc. Petition for writ of certiorari
to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit
denied.
No. 873. The Chesapeake and Ohio
Railway Company, petitioner,
v. Florence Vigor, Administratrix, etc. Petition for writ of certiorari
to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Seventh Circuit
denied.
No. 882. Guy T. Helvering, Commissioner of Internal Revenue,
petitioner, v. Hawaiian Philippine Company. Petition for writ of
certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Ninth
Circuit denied.
No. 883. Fred Jackskion, petitioner, v. The United States of Amer-
ica. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court
of Appeals for the Second Circuit denied.
No. 885. Provus Brothers, Incorporated, petitioner, v. Charles
Holman et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Circuit Court of Appeals for the Seventh Circuit denied.
No. 887. Robert S. Eaton, petitioner, v. Commissioner of Internal
Revenue. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States States
Circuit Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit denied.
No. 889. Missouri-Kansas-Texas Railroad, petitioner, v. Mary L.
Hamarstrom. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Kansas City
Court of Appeals, State of Missouri, denied.
No. 890. Chicago, St. Paul, Minneapolis and Omaha Railway Com-
pany, petitioner, v. Delmar E. Kulp, as Administrator, etc. Petition
for writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals
for the Eighth Circuit denied.
No. 892. John F. Jenkins and The Union and New Haven Trust
Company, Executors, etc., petitioners, v. A. Don Bitgood, Formerly
Acting Collector of Internal Revenue. Petition for writ of certiorari
to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit
denied.
No. 893. Samuel W. Rushmore and Sigmund C. Bernstein, peti-
tioners, v. Merritt Lane. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court
of Errors and Appeals of the State of New Jersey denied.

MONDAY, MAY 22, 1939
236
No. 896. Cary A. Hardee, Receiver, etc., petitioner, v. Frank
Murphy, Individually and as Attorney General of the United States,
etc. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of
Appeals for the District of Columbia denied.
No. 898. E. E. Amick, Trustee in Bankruptcy, etc., petitioner, v.
Wm. J. Hotz, Trustee, etc. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Eighth Circuit
denied.
No. 904. W. E. Rice, as Trustee in Bankruptcy, etc., petitioner, v.
Smith Engineering Company; and
No. 905. W. E. Rice, as Trustee in Bankruptcy, etc., petitioner, v.
Smith Engineering Company et al. Petition for writs of certiorari
to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit
denied.
No. 942. Min-A-Max Co., Inc., petitioner, v. Edwin Sundholm.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of
Appeals for the Eighth Circuit denied.
No. 376. Wade H. Cooper, petitioner, v. J. F. T. O'Connor, F. G.
Awalt et al. The motion for leave to file a second petition for re-
hearing is denied.
No. 722. Emil Olsson, petitioner, v. The United States. Petition
for rehearing denied.
No. The United States of America, appellee, v. Frank Carmine
Nardone et al., defendants-appellants. Motion for bail submitted
by Mr. Louis Halle for the defendants-appellants.
No. 303. Arthur C. Harvey, petitioner, v. The United States. Mo-
tion for leave to file petition for rehearing submitted by Mr. O.
Walker Taylor for the petitioner.
No. 377. Wade H. Cooper, petitioner, v. J. F. T. O'Connor, Robert
C. Baldwin, et al. Motion for leave to file a second petition for
rehearing submitted by Mr. Wade H. Cooper for the petitioner.
No. 614. The Farmers' Loan and Trust Company, as Trustee, etc.,
petitioner, v. Frank Collis Bowers, as Executor, etc.; and
No. 615. The Farmers' Loan and Trust Company, as Trustee, etc.,
petitioner, v. Frank Collis Bowers, as Executor, etc. Motion for
extension of time within which to file petition for rehearing sub-
mitted by Mr. John S. Flannery for the petitioner in support of the
motion and by Mr. Solicitor General Jackson for the respondent in
opposition thereto.
Adjourned until Monday, May 29, at 12 o'clock.
☑

MONDAY, MAY 29, 1939
237
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: The Chief Justice, Mr. Justice McReynolds, Mr. Justice
Butler, Mr. Justice Stone, Mr. Justice Roberts, Mr. Justice Black,
Mr. Justice Reed, Mr. Justice Frankfurter, and Mr. Justice Douglas.
Pat M. Neff, Jr., of Waco, Tex.; W. Mahlon Dickerson, of New
York City; Ralph S. Boyd, of Washington, D. C.; Wm. H. Church-
well, of Falls Church, Va.; Charles L. Whyte, Jr., of Waukegan,
Ill.; Wylie C. Banks, of Columbus, Miss.; Raymond Rosoff, of
Dallas, Tex.; Hubert Fields Rawls, of Nahunta, Ga.; Alexander E.
Wylie, of Clare, Mich.; John H. Tolan, of Oakland, Calif.; A. R.
Carver, of Lakeland, Fla.; William Wilson Brashear, of Royal Oak,
Mich,; Max M. Hayden, of Fresno, Calif.; Joseph B. Cavallaro, of
Brooklyn, N. Y.; J. Paul Brennan, of New York City; Louis P.
Maniatis, of Louisville, Ky.; Samuel L. Fein, of Springfield, Mass.;
Whitfield Reid, of West Springfield, Mass.; Tilford E. Dudley, of
Aurora, Ill.; Edwin A. Berkery, of New York City; James A. Con-
drick, of Washington, D. C.; Joseph H. Praetz, of New York City;
George M. Mulligan, of New York City; James P. McGranery, of
Philadelphia, Pa.; Regina T. Clark, of Philadelphia, Pa.; Joseph
Hart Dasteel, of Los Angeles, Calif.; Martin Richardson Glenn, of
Louisville, Ky.; Rudolph. F. Lhotak, of Beloit, Wis.; Wilbur Daigh
Mills, of Kensett, Ark.; Saul Grossman, of New York City; B. Rob-
ert Bodner, of New York City; Alexander P. Waugh, of Verona,
N. J.; Jesse W. Nicholson, of Chevy Chase, Md.; Arthur L. Davis, of
Knoxville, Tenn.; Mollie Gottesman, of New York City; Mary
Cooper, of Long Island City, N. Y.; Ethyl G. Alper, of New York
City; Sylvia D. Levy, of New York City; Edward. J. S. Farrell, of
New York City; Olive Payne Deering, of Cleveland, Ohio; Law-
rence A. Deering, of Cleveland, Ohio; Alfred C. Thomas, of Okla-
homa City, Okla.; Marion H. Parry, of Oklahoma City, Okla.;
Thos. R. Blaine, of Kingfisher, Okla.; Kenneth P. Reed, of Perry,
Okla.; Thomas J. Curran, of New York City; Menahem Stim, of
New York City; Albert W. Reynolds, Jr., of Princeton, W. Va.;
William W. Blanton, of Albany, Tex.; James A. Butler, of Cleveland,
Ohio; Rafael Sancho Bonet, of San Juan, P. R.; Andrew Kenny, of
Washington, D. C.; Helen Goodner, of Washington, D. C.; J. Paul
McQueen, of Cincinnati, Ohio; Augustus G. Goodrich, of San Fran-
cisco, Calif.; Francis A. Mahony, of New York City; William Mc-
99087-39-90

MONDAY, MAY 29, 1939
238
Kinley Harris, of Oklahoma City, Okla.; William Joseph Bray, of
Washington, D. C.; William E. Burby, of Beverly Hills, Calif.;
Sidney McClellan, of Grace, Idaho; W. H. Harris, of Fort Valley,
Ga.; Albert R. Golrick, of Cleveland, Ohio; Earl Brennan, of East
Westmoreland, N. H.; Walter F. Liesegang, of Cleveland, Ohio;
Harry Melvin Mendelson, of Baltimore, Md.; Martin Stanton Gor-
don, of Chicago, Ill.; H. Joel M. Barlow, of Washington, D. C.;
Michael J. Ebeling, of St. Louis, Mo.; and Eugene R. Gilmartin, of
Providence, R. I., were admitted to practice.
No. 613. Southern Pacific Company, petitioner, v. The United
States. On writ of certiorari to the Court of Claims. Judgment
affirmed. Opinion by Mr. Justice Reed. Mr. Justice Douglas took
no part in the consideration or decision of this case. Dissenting
opinion by Mr. Justice Butler in which Mr. Justice McReynolds and
Mr. Justice Roberts join.
No. 339. John C. Curry, State Tax Commissioner of the State of
Alabama, et al., appellants, v. George F. McCanless, as Commissioner
of Finance and Taxation of the State of Tennessee. Appeal from
the Supreme Court of the State of Tennessee. So far as the decree
of the Supreme Court of Tennessee denies the power of Alabama to
tax the transfer of an interest in intangibles it is reversed with costs
and the cause is remanded for further proceedings not inconsistent
with the opinion of this Court. Opinion by Mr. Justice Stone. Mr.
Justice Reed concurs in the opinion except as to the statement that
"taxation of a corporation by a state where it does business, measured
by the value of the intangibles used in its business there, does not
preclude the state of incorporation from imposing a tax measured
by all its intangibles.” Upon this point he reserves his conclusion.
Dissenting opinion by Mr. Justice Butler in which Mr. Chief Justice
Hughes, Mr. Justice McReynolds, and Mr. Justice Roberts join.
No. 372. October Term, 1937. Mark Graves, John J. Merrill,
and John P. Hennessey, as Commissioners constituting the State Tax
Commission of the State of New York, petitioners, v. Marion Brown
Elliott, Horace F. Phelps, et al. On writ of certiorari to the Surro-
gates' Court of the County of New York, State of New York. Judg-
ment reversed with costs and cause remanded to the said Surrogates'
Court for further proceedings not inconsistent with the opinion of
this Court. Opinion by Mr. Justice Stone. Dissenting opinion by
Mr. Chief Justice Hughes, in which Mr. Justice McReynolds, Mr.
Justice Butler, and Mr. Justice Roberts concur.
No. 166. The Toledo Pressed Steel Company, petitioner, v. Stand-
ard Parts, Inc.; and

MONDAY, MAY 29, 1939
239
No. 167. The Toledo Pressed Steel Company, petitioner, v. Hueb-
ner Supply Company. On writs of certiorari to the United States
Circuit Court of Appeals for the Sixth Circuit; and
No. 603. Montgomery Ward & Company, Inc., petitioner, v. The
Toledo Pressed Steel Company. On writ of certiorari to the United
States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit. Decrees in
No. 166 and 167 affirmed with costs and cases remanded to the Dis-
trict Court of the United States for the Northern District of Ohio;
decree in No. 603 reversed with costs and cause remanded to the
District Court of the United States for the Eastern District of New
York for further proceedings in conformity with the opinion of this
Court. Opinion by Mr. Justice Butler. Mr. Justice Douglas took
no part in the consideration or decision of these cases.
No. 449. Newark Fire Insurance Company, appellant, v. State
Board of Tax Appeals and the City of Newark; and
No. 456. Universal Insurance Company and Universal Indemnity
Insurance Company, appellants, v. State Board of Tax Appeals of
the State of New Jersey et al. Appeals from the Court of Errors
and Appeals of the State of New Jersey. Judgments affirmed with
costs. Dissenting: Mr. Justice McReynolds. Judgments announced
by the Chief Justice. Mr. Justice Reed announced an opinion in
which the Chief Justice, Mr. Justice Butler, and Mr. Justice Roberts
concur. Mr. Justice Frankfurter announced an opinion in which
Mr. Justice Stone, Mr. Justice Black, and Mr. Justice Douglas
concur.
No. 454. Frances Perkins, Secretary of Labor, et al., petitioners, v.
Marie Elizabeth Elg; and
No. 455. Marie Elizabeth Elg, petitioner, v. Frances Perkins, Sec-
retary of Labor, et al. On writs of certiorari to the United States
Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia. Decree modified as
indicated in the opinion of this Court and as so modified, affirmed
and the cause remanded to the District Court of the United States
for the District of Columbia. Opinion by Mr. Chief Justice Hughes.
Mr. Justice Douglas took no part in the consideration and decision
of these cases.
The Chief Justice said:
"The orders of the Court appear upon the list certified by the
Chief Justice and filed with the Clerk and will not be announced
orally."
No., original. Ex parte Edd. Potter, petitioner;
No. original. Ex parte Ralph Mark, petitioner; and
No. -, original. Ex parte Lloyd Rubin, petitioner. The motions
for leave to file petitions for writs of habeas corpus are denied.

MONDAY, MAY 29, 1939
240
No., original. Ex parte Harmon Metz Waley, petitioner. Ap-
plication denied.
No. The United States of America, appellee, v. Frank Car-
mine Nardone et al., defendants-appellants. The motion for bail
is denied.
No. 614. The Farmers' Loan and Trust Company, as Trustee, etc.,
et al., petitioners, v. Frank Collis Bowers, as Executor, etc.; and
No. 615. The Farmers' Loan and Trust Company, as Trustee, etc.,
et al., petitioners, v. Frank Collis Bowers, as Executor, etc. The
motion of the petitioners for a further extension of time within which
to file petition for rehearing is denied. Mr. Justice Reed took no
part in the consideration or decision of this application.
No. 738. Edgar Roy Gump, petitioner, v. The State of California
et al. The motion to vacate the order of denial and to reconsider
the petition for writ of certiorari as amended is denied.
No. 971. Arthur Matthew Becker, petitioner, v. Ralph H. Walker,
Warden, Connecticut State Prison, Wethersfield, Connecticut. On
petition for writ of certiorari to the Superior Court, County of Hart-
ford, State of Connecticut. The motion for leave to proceed further
herein in forma pauperis is denied for the reason that the Court,
upon consideration of the papers herein submitted, finds no ground
upon which a writ of certiorari should be issued. The petition for
writ of certiorari is therefore also denied.
No. 913. Neirbo Company et al., petitioners, v. Bethlehem Ship-
building Corporation, Ltd. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit
granted and case assigned for argument immediately following
No. 750.
No. 923. George H. Holley, petitioner, v. General American Life
Insurance Company et al. The motion to substitute Ray B. Lucas,
present Superintendent of the Insurance Department of the State
of Missouri as a party respondent in the place and stead of George
A. S. Robertson, deceased, is granted. The petition for writ of
certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the
Eighth Circuit is denied.
No. 961. Sears, Roebuck & Co., Inc., petitioner, v. Samson-United
Corporation. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Circuit Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit denied. Mr. Jus-
tice Roberts took no part in the consideration or decision of this
application.
No. 895. George C. Chase, petitioner, v. Harold T. Avery. Peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Customs
and Patent Appeals denied.

MONDAY, MAY 29, 1939
241
No. 897. Samuel R. Toucey, petitioner, v. New York Life Insur-
ance Company. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Circuit Court of Appeals for the Eighth Circuit denied.
No. 899. Big Lake Oil Company, petitioner, v. Commissioner of
Internal Revenue. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United
States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Third Circuit denied.
No. 903. George C. Shepard, petitioner, v. Commissioner of In-
ternal Revenue. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Circuit Court of Appeals for the Seventh Circuit denied.
No. 908. Floyd Hudson, petitioner, v. Pius Moonier; and
No. 909. Elizabeth Fitch, Executrix, etc., petitioner, v. Pius
Moonier. Petitions for writs of certiorari to the United States
Circuit Court of Appeals for the Eighth Circuit denied.
No. 910. Ditto, Incorporated, petitioner, v. Standard Mailing Ma-
chines Company. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Circuit Court of Appeals for the First Circuit denied.
No. 911. S. Wallace Dempsey, petitioner, v. Louis H. Pink, as
Superintendent of Insurance of the State of New York. Petition for
writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for
the Second Circuit denied.
No. 916. Chicago Great Western Railroad Company et al., peti-
tioners, v. Sam Robinson. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Eighth Circuit
denied.
No. 917. Fred W. Whiteside, Trustee, etc., petitioner, v. The Rocky
Mountain Fuel Company, a corporation. Petition for writ of cer-
tiorari to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Tenth
Circuit denied.
No. 920. Aron Hirsch, Emil Hirsch, et al., etc., petitioners, v.
Frank Murphy, Attorney General of the United States, et al. Peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for
the District of Columbia denied.
No. 924. John Wilson Brown, III, petitioner, v. Gesellschaft Fur
Drahtlose Telegraphie M. B. H., a corporation. Petition for writ of
certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the District of
Columbia denied.
No. 925. Hudson & Manhattan Railroad Company, a corporation,
etc., petitioner, v. John T. Cahill, Individually, etc., et al. Petition
for writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals
for the Second Circuit denied.
No. 929. First National Bank of Chicago, Administrator, etc.,
petitioner, v. The United States of America. Petition for writ of

MONDAY, MAY 29, 1939
242
certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the
Seventh Circuit denied.
No. 931. The Baltimore and Ohio Railroad Company, petitioner, v.
Charles E. Spotts. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United
States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Seventh Circuit denied.
No. 936. Boris Speck, petitioner, v. Lavino Shipping Company,
Agent, etc. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Cir-
cuit Court of Appeals for the Third Circuit denied.
No. 963. Edna Flicker and Joseph C. Akers, as coadministrators,
etc., petitioners, v. Hortense Rabinovich. Petition for writ of cer-
tiorari to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Ninth
Circuit denied.
No. 510. Jenkins Petroleum Process Company, petitioner, v. Sin-
clair Refining Company. Motion for leave to file a second petition
for rehearing denied.
No. 303. Arthur C. Harvey Company, petitioner, v. The United
States. The motion for leave to file a second petition for rehearing
is denied.
No. 377. Wade H. Cooper, petitioner, v. J. F. T. O'Connor et al.
The motion for leave to file a second petition for rehearing is denied.
No. 625. Trustees of Lumber Investment Association, petitioner, v.
Guy T. Helvering, Commissioner of Internal Revenue. Petition for
rehearing denied.
ORDER
The Court will take a recess from today until next Monday, June
5, upon which day it will adjourn for the term.
No motions, except motions for admission to practice, will be
received after today.
No. 52. Josiah K. Lilly, Jr., petitioner, v. Will H. Smith, Collector
of Internal Revenue for the District of Indiana. Motion for leave to
file petition for rehearing submitted by Mr. George L. Denny for the
petitioner.
No. 441. The Electric Storage Battery Co., petitioner, v. Genzo
Shimadzu and Northeastern Engineering Corporation. Motion for
leave to file a second petition for rehearing submitted by Mr. George
W. Betts, Jr., for the respondent.
No. 582. Electrical Fittings Corporation et al., petitioners, v.
The Thomas & Betts Co. et al. Motion as to costs submitted by Mr.
George W. Betts, Jr., for the respondents.

7
MONDAY, MAY 29, 1939
243
No. 934. Southern Phosphate Corporation, petitioner, v. Phos-
phate Recovery Corporation. On petition for writ of certiorari to the
United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Third Circuit. Dis-
missed, per stipulation, on motion of counsel for the petitioner.
Adjourned until Monday, June 5, next, at 12 o'clock.
Х

MONDAY, JUNE 5, 1939
244
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: Mr. Justice Butler, Mr. Justice Stone, Mr. Justice Roberts,
Mr. Justice Black, Mr. Justice Reed, Mr. Justice Frankfurter, and
Mr. Justice Douglas.
Thomas Ellsworth Martin, of Iowa City, Iowa; Maurice Kelner,
of Chicago, Ill.; Edward G. Kemp, of Detroit, Mich.; John A. Reed,
of New York City; Roger Edison Perry, of Boston, Mass.; Maxwell
M. Rabb, of Brookline, Mass.; Joseph Leo McGroary, of Washington,
D. C.; Geo. W. Pratt, of Omaha, Nebr.; F. Trowbridge vom Baur,
of New York City, John C. Failing, of Portland, Ore.; Edward C.
Hudson, of Seattle, Wash.; Chas. W. Smith, of Halethorpe, Md.;
Isabel A. Ocampo, of Manila, P. I.; Wood T. Henry, of Monti-
cello, Ark.; Paul Emmert, of Jacksonville, Fla.; Eugene H. Lorenz,
of Washington, D. C.; Donald J. Sherbondy, of Washington, D. C.;
I. Louis Wolk, of Washington, D. C.; Joseph F. Elward, of Chicago,
Ill.; and Samuel Lebowitz, of Washington, D. C., were admitted to
practice.
No. 771. The United States of America, appellant, v. Rock Royal
Co-operative, Inc., et al.;
No. 826. Holton V. Noyes, as Commissioner of Agriculture and
Markets of the State of New York, appellant, v. Rock Royal Co-
operative, Inc., et al.;
No. 827. Dairymen's League Cooperative Association, Inc., ap-
pellant, v. Rock Royal Co-operative, Inc., et al.; and
No. 828. Metropolitan Cooperative Milk Producers Bargaining
Agency, Inc., appellant, v. Rock Royal Co-operative, Inc., et al.
Appeals from the District Court of the United States for the North-
ern District of New York. In Nos. 771, 827, and 828 the order of
the District Court is reversed and causes remanded to that Court with
instructions to enter an order specifically enforcing up to the time of
suspension the provisions of Order No. 27, issued by the Secretary of
Agriculture August 15, 1938, regulating the handling of milk in the
New York marketing area, as to all the defendants and enjoining de-
fendants, their officers, agents, and servants from further violation of
the order. In No. 826 the order is affirmed. Opinion by Mr. Justice
Reed. Mr. Justice Black and Mr. Justice Douglas concur in the judg-
ment and opinion of the Court except insofar as the opinion appears
to imply that power of Congress to enact the marketing law depends
upon the use and nature of milk. Dissenting opinion by Mr. Justice
99087-39- _ 91

MONDAY, JUNE 5, 1939
245
McReynolds and Mr. Justice Butler announced by Mr. Justice Butler.
Dissenting opinion by Mr. Justice Roberts. The Chief Justice joins
in this opinion so far as it relates to the invalidity of the order on the
ground stated; Mr. Justice McReynolds and Mr. Justice Butler also
join in this opinion.
No. 772. H. P. Hood & Sons, Inc., and Noble's Milk Company,
petitioners, v. The United States of America and Henry A. Wallace,
Secretary of Agriculture;
No. 809. Whiting Milk Company, petitioner, v. The United States
of America et al.; and
No. 865. E. Frank Branon, petitioner, v. The United States of
America et al. On writs of certiorari to the United States Circuit
Court of Appeals for the First Circuit. Decrees of the District Court
of the United States for the District of Massachusetts affirmed. Opin-
ion by Mr. Justice Reed. Dissenting opinion by Mr. Justice Roberts
in which Mr. Justice McReynolds and Mr. Justice Butler join.
No. 651. Frank Hague, Individually and as Mayor of Jersey City,
et al., etc., petitioners, v. Committee for Industrial Organization et al.
On writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals
for the Third Circuit. Decree modified as indicated in Part Third of
the opinion delivered by Mr. Justice Roberts and, as so modified,
affirmed with costs and cause remanded to the District Court of the
United States for the District of New Jersey. Decree announced by
Mr. Justice Butler. Mr. Justice Frankfurter and Mr. Justice Douglas
took no part in the consideration or decision of the case. Mr. Justice
Roberts delivered an opinion in which Mr. Justice Black concurs.
Mr. Justice Stone announced an opinion in which Mr. Justice Reed
concurs. Concurring opinion by Mr. Chief Justice Hughes announced
by Mr. Justice Butler. Mr. Justice McReynolds and Mr. Justice
Butler dissent for reasons stated in opinions by them respectively,
announced by Mr. Justice Butler.
No. 650. L. W. Baldwin and Guy A. Thompson, as Trustees, etc.,
petitioners, v. Scott County Milling Company. On writ of certiorari
to the Supreme Court of the State of Missouri. Judgment reversed
with costs and cause remanded to the said Supreme Court for further
proceedings not inconsistent with the opinion of this Court. Opinion
by Mr. Justice Butler.
No. 704. American Toll Bridge Company, appellant, v. Railroad
Commission of the State of California et al. Appeal from the
Supreme Court of the State of California. Judgment affirmed with
costs. Opinion by Mr. Justice Butler. Mr. Justice Black, Mr. Jus-
tice Frankfurter, and Mr. Justice Douglas concur in the result.
No. 7. Rolla W. Coleman, W. A. Barron, et al., petitioners, v.
Clarence W. Miller, as Secretary of the Senate of the State of Kansas,

MONDAY, JUNE 5, 1939
246
et al. On writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of the State of
Kansas. Judgment affirmed with costs. Opinion by Mr. Chief Jus-
tice Hughes announced by Mr. Justice Stone. Concurring opinion
by Mr. Justice Black, in which Mr. Justice Roberts, Mr. Justice
Frankfurter, and Mr. Justice Douglas join. Separate opinion by
Mr. Justice Frankfurter in which Mr. Justice Roberts, Mr. Justice
Black, and Mr. Justice Douglas join. Dissenting opinion by Mr.
Justice Butler in which Mr. Justice McReynolds joins.
No. 14. Albert Benjamin Chandler, Individually and as Governor
of the Commonwealth of Kentucky, et al., petitioners, v. James W.
Wise and Ray B. Moss. On writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals
of the Commonwealth of Kentucky. Writ of certiorari dismissed
with costs. Opinion by Mr. Chief Justice Hughes announced by Mr.
Justice Stone. Mr. Justice McReynolds and Mr. Justice Butler
think that the judgment of the Court of Appeals of Kentucky should
be affirmed on the authority of Dillon v. Glass, 256 U. S. 368, and for
the reasons stated in the dissenting opinion in Coleman v. Miller,
decided this day. Concurring: Mr. Justice Black and Mr. Justice
Douglas.
Mr. Justice Butler announced the following orders of the Court:
No. 945. City and County of Denver, appellant, v. The People of
the State of Colorado. Appeal from the Supreme Court of the State
of Colorado. Per curiam: The appeal is dismissed for want of a sub-
stantial federal question. Pawhuska v. Pawhuska Oil & Gas Co.,
250 U. S. 394; Trenton v. New Jersey, 262 U. S. 182; Williams v.
Mayor, 289 U. S. 36, 40.
No. 975. The Kansas Farmers' Union Royalty Company and Flag
Oil Company, appellants, v. Samuel P. Hushaw. Appeal from the
Supreme Court of the State of Kansas. Per curiam: The appeal is
dismissed for want of a substantial federal question. (1) Jackson
v. Lamphire, 3 Pet. 280, 289–290; Vance v. Vance, 108 U. S. 514,
520; (2) Davis v. Mills, 194 U. S. 451, 456–457; Montoya v. Gonzales,
232 U. S. 375; (3) Bell's Gap Railroad Company v. Pennsylvania,
134 U. S. 232, 237; Ohio Oil Company v. Conway, 281 U. S. 146, 159.
No. 982. Edwin C. Nevin, Surviving Executor, etc., et al., appel-
lants, v. J. H. Thayer Martin, Tax Commissioner of the State of New
Jersey, et al. Appeal from the District Court of the United States
for the District of New Jersey. Per curiam: The motion to affirm is
granted and the judgment is affirmed. Worcester County Trust Co.
v. Riley, 302 U. S. 292. Mr. Justice Butler dissents. The Chief
Justice and Mr. Justice McReynolds took no part in the consideration
or decision of this case.

MONDAY, JUNE 5, 1939
Mr. Justice Butler said:
247
"The other orders of the Court appear upon the list duly certified
and filed with the Clerk and will not be announced orally."
ORDER
Rule 1 of the Copyright Rules heretofore promulgated by this
Court (214 U. S., Appendix) is amended, effective September 1, 1939,
to read as follows:
"Proceedings in actions brought under section 25 of the Act of
March 4, 1909, entitled 'An Act to amend and consolidate the acts
respecting copyright', including proceedings relating to the perfect-
ing of appeals, shall be governed by the Rules of Civil Procedure,
insofar as they are not inconsistent with these rules."
Mr. Justice Black does not agree with this action of the Court.
No. In the matter of the disbarment of Pierce Lonergan. It
appearing from the record in Lonergan v. United States, No. 1064,
October Term 1937, that Pierce Lonergan, of the State of Washing-
ton, a member of the bar of this Court, has been convicted of a felony
in the District Court of the United States for the Western District
of Washington; and it further appearing to the Court that his resig-
nation as a member of the Washington State Bar Association has
been accepted by the Supreme Court of the State of Washington and
his name stricken from the roll of attorneys of the State of Wash-
ington;
And it appearing that this Court by order dated April 24, 1939,
suspended the said Pierce Lonergan from the practice of law in this
Court and directed that a rule issue requiring him to show cause
within forty days from April 24, 1939, why he should not be dis-
barred; and that although the rule duly issued and has been served
upon him, the said Pierce Lonergan has failed to file any return
thereto despite the elapse of forty days from April 24, 1939;
Now, upon consideration of the record in Pierce Lonergan v.
United States, No. 1064, October Term 1937, and upon the rule to
show cause and Lonergan's failure to file a return thereto, it is
ordered that said Pierce Lonergan be, and he hereby is, disbarred
and that his name be stricken from the roll of attorneys admitted to
practice in this Court.
No.
-.
Ex parte Joseph J. McCarthy, petitioner. The applica-
tion for an order allowing appeal is denied.
No.
-
Joseph Poresky, petitioner v. Joseph B. Ely. Petition
for appeal denied.
No. -, original. Ex parte Fred Hartzell West, petitioner. The
motion for leave to file petition for writ of habeas corpus is denied.

MONDAY, JUNE 5, 1939
248
No. -, original. Commonwealth of Massachusetts, complainant, v.
State of Missouri. This cause is set for hearing on Monday, October
9 next, on the motion for leave to file Bill of Complaint and the
returns to the rule to show cause, argument to be limited to the ques-
tion whether this Court has jurisdiction to entertain the suit.
No. 449. Newark Fire Insurance Company, appellant, v. State
Board of Tax Appeals and City of Newark; and
No. 456. Universal Insurance Company et al., appellants, v. State
Board of Tax Appeals of the State of New Jersey and the City of
Newark. It is ordered that the opinion of Mr. Justice Reed entered
on May 29, 1939, be corrected by striking therefrom the words at
the end thereof:
"The judgments in both cases are affirmed."
No. 441. The Electric Storage Battery Co., petitioner, v. Genzo
Shimadzu et al. The motion of the respondents for leave to file a
second petition for modification of the decision and judgment of this
Court and for recall and modification of its mandate is granted. The
opinion is amended by striking out of the second full paragraph on
page 12, in the first line, the word "that" and the words "is invalid",
and inserting, after the word "decision", the words "as to". In other
respects the petition is denied.
No. 582. Electrical Fittings Corporation et al., petitioners, v. The
Thomas & Betts Co. et al. The motion of the respondents as to costs
is denied.
No. 899. Big Lake Oil Company, petitioner, v. Commissioner of
Internal Revenue. The motion of petitioner for an extension of time
within which to file petition for rehearing is denied.
No. 959. John D. Ball, petitioner, v. The United States of America.
The motion for leave to proceed in forma pauperis is granted.
No. 947. Ellis H. Parker and Ellis H. Parker, Jr., petitioners, v.
The United States of America. On petition for writ of certiorari to
the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Third Circuit;
No. 957. Joseph A. Zahn, petitioner, v. Robert H. Hudspeth,
Warden, etc. On petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Circuit Court of Appeals for the Tenth Circuit ;
No. 962. Louis Martini, petitioner, v. James A. Johnston, Warden,
etc. On petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit
Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit;
No. 974. John Semar Farnsworth, petitioner, v. Joseph W. San-
ford, Warden, etc. On petition for writ of certiorari to the United
States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit;
No. 980. A. H. Hargis, petitioner, v. King Swope, Judge of the
Fayette Circuit Court, et al. On petition for writ of certiorari to
the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Sixth Circuit;

MONDAY, JUNE 5, 1939
249
No. 984. Jim X. Carruthers and Bubbles Clayton, petitioners, v.
Al Reed, Keeper of the Arkansas State Penitentiary. On petition
for writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals
for the Eighth Circuit;
No. 989. Richard A. Engler, petitioner, v. The United States of
America. On petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia; and
No. 1004. Walter H. Jurgensen, petitioner, v. The State of
Nebraska. On petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court
of the State of Nebraska. The motions for leave to proceed further
herein in forma pauperis are denied for the reason that the Court,
upon examination of the papers herein submitted, finds no ground
upon which writs of certiorari should be issued. The petitions for
writs of certiorari are therefore also denied.
No. 940. The United States, petitioner, v. John McShain, Inc.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Claims granted.
No. 943. Joseph D. McGoldrick, Comptroller of the City of New
York, petitioner, v. Compagnie Generale Transatlantique. Petition
for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of the State of New York
granted.
No. 944. Joseph D. McGoldrick, Comptroller of the City of New
York petitioner, v. Felt & Tarrant Mfg. Co. Petition for writ of
certiorari to the Supreme Court of the State of New York granted.
No. 951. The United States of America, petitioner, v. Honorable
Patrick T. Stone, United States District Judge etc. Petition for writ
of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the
Seventh Circuit granted.
No. 914. Jean McNeil Pepper, petitioner, v. Scott Litton. Peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of
Appeals for the Fourth Circuit granted.
No. 998. Interstate Natural Gas Company et al., petitioners, v.
A. H. Stone, Commissioner of Franchise Tax et al. Petition for
writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for
the Fifth Circuit granted.
No. 939. Joseph J. Weiss, Martin Gross, et al., petitioners, v. The
United States of America. The motion for leave to proceed in forma
pauperis is granted. The petition for writ of certiorari to the United
States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit is granted
limited to the question whether the trial court properly received in
evidence intercepted telephone communications.
No. 993. The United States of America, petitioner, v. Mrs. Julia
Caroline Sponenbarger et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the

MONDAY, JUNE 5, 1939
250
United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Eighth Circuit granted
and the case is assigned for argument immediately following No. 845.
No. 891. William J. Graham and James C. McKay, petitioners, v.
The United States of America; and
No. 901. Boies Heed and Allen Comer, petitioners, v. The United
States of America. Petitions for writs of certiorari to the United
States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit denied.
No. 894. C. B. Loomis, Trustee in Bankruptcy of Miami Trust
Company, debtor, petitioner, v. County of Gila, State of Arizona,
et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit
Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit denied.
No. 915. The City of Los Angeles, a municipal corporation, peti-
tioner, v. Borax Consolidated, Limited, etc., et al. Petition for writ
of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the
Ninth Circuit denied.
No. 921. Marshall County Bank, a corporation of Moundsville,
West Virginia, petitioner, v. Mary K. Crowther. Petition for writ
of certiorari to the Circuit Court of Marshall County, State of West
Virginia, denied.
No. 922. Belk Brothers Company of Charlotte, petitioner, v. A. J.
Maxwell, Commissioner of Revenue of the State of North Carolina.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of the State of
North Carolina denied.
No. 926. C. E. Partridge et al., petitioners, v. William W. Martin
et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit
Court of Appeals for the Eighth Circuit denied.
No. 927. Agnes Gliwa, Peter C. Faust, et al., petitioners, v. United
States Steel Corporation et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
Supreme Court of the State of Pennsylvania denied.
No. 928. Park & Tilford Import Corporation, petitioner, v. The
United States. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Court of Customs and Patent Appeals denied.
No. 933. Bethlehem Shipbuilding Corporation, Ltd., et al., peti-
tioners, v. Frank A. Cardillo et al. Petition for writ of certiorari
to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the First Circuit
denied.
No. 935. Court Line, Ltd., Owner, etc., petitioner, v. Isthmian
Steamship Company. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United
States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit denied.
No. 937. Mohawk Rubber Company, petitioner, v. The United
States. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Claims denied.

MONDAY, JUNE 5, 1939
251
No. 938. Thorne Donnelley, petitioner, v. Commissioner of Inter-
nal Revenue. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Circuit Court of Appeals for the Seventh Circuit denied.
No. 941. Fruit Industries, Ltd., petitioner, v. Bisceglia Brothers
Corporation. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Circuit Court of Appeals for the Third Circuit denied.
No. 948. E. V. Townshend, Trustee, etc., petitioner, v. Union
Trust Company of Maryland. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Fourth Circuit denied.
No. 956. Truscon Steel Company, Employer, et al., petitioners, v.
Myrtle Elizabeth Sims. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Su-
preme Court of the State of Kansas denied.
No. 973. Thomas Schumacher and Sidney M. Ehrman, Trustees,
etc., et al., petitioners, v. Victor Edward Smith. Petition for writ
of certiorari to the District Court of Appeal, 3d Appellate District,
State of California, denied.
No. 880. The Chickasaw Nation, petitioner, v. The United States.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Claims denied.
No. 960. Trustees of Lumber Investment Association, petitioner, v.
Guy T. Helvering, Commissioner of Internal Revenue. Petition for
writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for
the Seventh Circuit denied.
No. 966. Burnette F. Stephenson, petitioner, v. Commissioner of
Internal Revenue. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United
States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Sixth Circuit denied.
No. 964. Kathryn M. Schermann, petitioner, v. Yellow Cab Com-
pany. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit
Court of Appeals for the Seventh Circuit denied.
No. 946. Lena D. Price-Williams, petitioner, v. New York Life
Insurance Company. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United
States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 986. Benjamin D. Ritholz, Morris I. Ritholz, et al., petitioners,
v. American Optometric Association. Petition for writ of certiorari
to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Seventh Cir-
cuit denied.
No. 965. James M. Slattery et al., petitioners, v. Illinois Bell Tele-
phone Company. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Circuit Court of Appeals for the Seventh Circuit denied. Mr.
Justice Frankfurter took no part in the consideration or decision
of this application.
No. 52. Josiah K. Lilly, Jr., petitioner, v. Will H. Smith, Collector
of Internal Revenue for the District of Indiana. The motion for
leave to file petition for rehearing is denied.

MONDAY, JUNE 5, 1939
252
No. 591. Bethlehem Steel Company, petitioner, v. Anglo-Conti-
nentale Treuhand, A. G., et al.;
No. 743. Randolph Lumber Company, petitioner, v. Guy T.
Helvering, Commissioner of Internal Revenue; and
No. 676. Horton C. Rorick, petitioner, v. Devon Syndicate, Limited,
Petitions for rehearing denied.
Mr. Justice Butler announced the following order:
ORDER
All cases submitted and all business before the Court at this term
in readiness for disposition having been disposed of,
It is ordered by this Court that all cases on the docket not de-
cided and all other business of the term not disposed of be, and the
same hereby are, continued to the next term.
Adjourned to the time and place appointed by law.
99087-39-92
☑