50
I
OCTOBER TERM, 1943
STATISTICS
596729
unistet
Original Appellate
Total
Number of cases on docket_
11
1, 107
1, 118
Cases disposed of
2
960
962
Remaining on docket_
9
147
156
Cases disposed of-
By written opinion--
By per curiam opinion___
By denial or dismissal of petitions for certiorari_
By motion to dismiss or per stipulation___.
By filing of transcript of testimony (No. 10, Original) ----
Number of written opinions_.
Number of admissions to bar_
REFERENCE INDEX
154
56
749
2
1
130
942
Page
Justices attended morning function at White House (signing
of UNRRA) and court did not convene until 1 and sat until
5:30, November 9, 1943----
51
Court recessed from 1 to 3 to enable the Justices to attend fun-
eral of Secretary Knox, May 1, 1944___
201
Special session of court called on a Saturday, in conference
room, to act on petition for certiorari in capital case (No.
760) ___
Disbarment, in the matter of-
George B. Johnson____
152
1
George S. Wolbert-order of disbarment vacated, the court
being advised of death of respondent during pendency
of rule to show cause_.
Rules of Supreme Court--Rule 2, par. 2, amended (new appli-
cation form for admission approved) --
Oral argument-thirteen hours allowed in Glass case (No. 7) -
Counsel appointed (Nos. 119, 493)---
1,56
234
59
88, 132
Opinions amended (Nos. 560, 195, 142, 252, 51) -- 128, 137, 142, 173, 240
554209 44- -90

II
Page
30
28, 240
210, 239
Certificate to Attorney General (No. 252)
Cases transferred to special docket for want of quorum (Nos.
2, 6). No. 2 (Aluminum case) was later certified to C. C. A.
pursuant to special act of Congress ____
Conclusion and judgment announced-no opinion of court (Nos.
33, 531)
Judgments affirmed by equally divided court (Nos. 21, 49, 209,
388, 62, 131). In No. 21, a petition for rehearing was later
denied with four of the eight Justices participating noting
their dissent ___
45, 72, 113, 163, 181, 210, 76
Judgment reversed and cause remanded per stipulation (No.
119) ___
Judgment of state court vacated and cause remanded on motion
of respondent (No. 60).
154
Judgment vacated and cause remanded on consent of Solicitor
General (No. 598) --
205
55
35
ཟེ
47,
83, 170, 212
74
Printing record-
Order as to costs (No. 4) --
Expense to be borne by U. S. (Nos. 406, 119, 679, 785) ------
Waived by court order (No. 499).
Moot questions-
Judgment vacated where both parties contended case moot
but disagreed as to proper disposition to be made thereof
(No. 61)__
Certiorari denied on ground cause moot, it appearing pe-
titioner no longer in respondent's custody (Nos. 382,
941, 742) Cf. No. 258_.
27
42, 229, 231, 19
187, 206
Rule to show cause why cause should not be dismissed
as moot (No. 845)_.
Appeal dismissed on authorities cited and rehearing denied
with statement that "appeal from the interlocutory in-
junction was dismissed on the ground that appeal had
become moot, the interloctuory injunction having merged
in the final injunction" (No. 766) --
178, 244
Forma pauperis-leave to proceed denied where shown peti-
tioner not citizen (No. 780).
Forma pauperis-leave to proceed granted over opposition
(No. 159) ___
Motion to require bail denied (No. 569)
190
7
201, 211
30
46
74
Motion to remove case from summary docket denied (No. 38) __
Motion to join party respondent granted (No. 211) --
Motion to intervene granted (No. 105)-

III
Motion to intervene granted without prejudice (No. 11, Orig-
inal)
Motion to compel State to pay costs denied without prejudice
(No. 966 O. T. 1941).
Motion for attorneys fee denied without prejudice (No. 159) --
Motion to correct mandate denied without prejudice (No. 935
O. T. 1942)--
Mandate stayed-one Justice dissenting (No. 109) ---
Temporary restraining order continued (Steuart case).
Habeas corpus-
Page
226
96
96
169
--- 118, 149
Treatment of such applications defined (Ex parte
Golden) ___
Rule to show cause issued, see opinion Ex parte Hawk____
Leave to file petition denied and papers treated as petition
for certiorari (Ex parte Welch) --.
Mandamus
Leave to file denied without prejudice, citing cases, and
stay granted (Ex parte Mars).
Leave to file denied without prejudice to filing application
for certiorari (TVA case). Four justices thought rule
to show cause should issue. Certiorari subsequently filed
and denied (No. 582) -
Bill of complaint-leave to file denied for want of jurisdiction
on authorities cited (Jones v. Bowles)
Certificate, entire record ordered up ex mero motu (No. 932) --
Appeal dismissed for failure to comply with Rule 12-rehear-
ing granted and appeal then dismissed for want of jurisdic-
tion (No. 213) --.
Appeal-petition for denied as out of time (Bentz) ----
Certiorari dismissed as to certain petitioners on motion
(No. 85)___
142
28
82
197
40
74, 138
197
206
3,73
48
Certiorari, motion to amend petition granted (Nos. 73, 92) ---- 4,17
Certiorari, motion to file petition nunc pro tunc denied
(Olweiss v. U. S.).
114
Certiorari denied for failure to file within time (No. 100).
Time had been computed from order denying rehearing filed
"in violation of rules.".
Certiorari denied for failure to file within time (Nos. 271, 261,
432, 612, 625, 714, 713, 782, 875, 835, 1099)
17
17,
,
19, 69, 138, 156, 165, 173, 190, 207, 243
Certiorari denied on ground that it does not appear from the
record that the federal question presented by the petition
was necessarily decided by the Court of Appeals (N. Y.),
citing cases (No. 187).
19

IV
Page
Certiorari denied for want of final judgment (Nos. 312, 1050) – 42, 237
Certiorari denied for want of a reviewable judgment of the
highest court of the state (No. 444) --
Certiorari denied for failure to comply with rules (No. 786) --
Certiorari denied on ground that cause moot (No. 258). (See
moot questions) ---
Certiorari denied without prejudice to petition for habeas
corpus to U. S. D. C. (No. 1017)______
Certiorari, order denying vacated and certiorari granted ex
mero motu (Nos. 708, 218, 668, 922)
Reargument ordered (Nos. 51, 7, 406, 569) --
Rehearing granted (Nos. 213, 835, 836) ---.
70
189
19
231
218, 227, 242
74,211,217, 241
73, 231, 236
Rehearing denied with four justices dissenting and one not
participating (No. 21)
Rehearing denied with opinion (Nos. 44, 453)
Rehearing denied without prejudice (No. 734) ---
76
136, 205
244
156
201
---
245
Rehearing, petition ordered stricken as scandalous (No. 462).
Order suspending call of docket, May 1, 1944 (not printed) -
Final order
U. Ş. GOVERNMENT PRINTING OFFICE: 1944

MONDAY, OCTOBER 4, 1943
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
1
Present: The Chief Justice, Mr. Justice Roberts, Mr. Justice Black,
Mr. Justice Reed, Mr. Justice Frankfurter, Mr. Justice Douglas, Mr.
Justice Murphy, Mr. Justice Jackson, and Mr. Justice Rutledge.
Barkley L. Clanahan, of Springfield, Ill.; James N. Vaughan, of
New York City; Kenneth G. Speir, of Newton, Kans.; Louis E. Starr,
of Portland, Oreg.; Joseph V. Lane, Jr., of New York City; Adrian
C. Leiby, of New York City; Arthur B. Hanson, of Washington, D.
C.; Hugh A. Kirk, of San Francisco, Calif.; Seton Towns Holsey, of
Corsicana, Tex.; Glen H. Munkelt, of San Diego, Calif.; Louis J. Mer-
rell, of Brooklyn, N. Y.; William Haywood Daggett of Marianna,
Ark.; Chas. H. Murchison, of Jacksonville, Fla.; Edward Flam, of
Los Angeles, Calif.; A. Trevor Jones, of Chicago, Ill.; Walter R. Gray,
of Greeneville, Tenn.; William Burbridge Brown, of Chillicothe,
Ohio; William Wallace Cochran, of Washington, D. C.; John J. Mc-
Shane, of Indianapolis, Ind.; Winslow Van Horne, of East Chicago,
Ind.;
Merrick Irwin Campbell, of Norfolk, Va.; Lewis George
Meader, of Ann Arbor, Mich.; and Joseph Brenner, of Los Angeles,
Calif., were admitted to practice.
- .
No. In re disbarment of George B. Johnson. It having been
reported to the Court that George B. Johnson, of West Chester, Com-
monwealth of Pennsylvania, a member of the Bar of this Court, has
been disbarred from the practice of the law in the Supreme Court of
the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania; and this Court by order of May
24, 1943, having suspended the said George B. Johnson from the
practice of law in this Court and directed that a rule issue requiring
him to show cause why he should not be disbarred; and it appearing
that the said rule was issued and served upon George B. Johnson,
who has not filed a return thereto, and that the time to file such return
has expired;
It is ordered that the said George B. Johnson be, and he hereby
is, disbarred and that his name be stricken from the roll of attorneys
admitted to practice in this Court.
No. In re disbarment of George S. Wolbert. It having been
reported to the Court that George S. Wolbert, of Philadelphia, Com-
monwealth of Pennsylvania, a member of the Bar of this Court, has
been disbarred from the practice of the law in the Supreme Court of
the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania; and this Court by order of
June 21, 1943, having suspended the said George S. Wolbert from the
554209-43--1

MONDAY, OCTOBER 4, 1943
2
practice of the law in this Court and directed that a rule issue re-
quiring him to show cause why he should not be disbarred; and it
appearing that the said rule was issued and served upon George S.
Wolbert, who has not filed a return thereto, and that the time to file
such return has expired;
It is ordered that the said George S. Wolbert be, and he hereby is,
disbarred and that his name be stricken from the roll of attorneys.
admitted to practice in this Court.
No. 9, original. The State of Kansas, complainant, v. The State of
Missouri. Report of the Special Master presented.
No. 3. A. M. Anderson, Receiver of National Bank of Kentucky, of
Louisville, petitioner, v. Katherine Kirkpatrick Abbott, Adminis-
tratrix, etc., et al. Motion of respondent to postpone reargument
presented.
No. 4. J. Oliver Hill, Administrator, etc., petitioner, v. Francis L.
Hawes, Individually, etc. Reported for failure to comply with
the rules.
No. 150. The Petersime Incubator Company, petitioner, v. The
Bundy Incubator Company. On petition for writ of certiorari to
the Circuit Court of Appeals for the Sixth Circuit. Dismissed on
motion of counsel for the petitioner.
Adjourned until Monday, October 11 next, at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Monday, October 11, will be as follows: Nos. 5,
original, 5, 17, 18, 21, 23, 27 (and 41), 48, 28, and 19.
☑

MONDAY, OCTOBER 11, 1943
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
3
Present: The Chief Justice, Mr. Justice Roberts, Mr. Justice Black,
Mr. Justice Reed, Mr. Justice Frankfurter, Mr. Justice Douglas, Mr.
Justice Murphy, Mr. Justice Jackson, and Mr. Justice Rutledge.
Louis J. O'Marr, of Sheridan, Wyo.; Robert B. Bushnell, of Bos-
ton, Mass.; Walter J. Cummings, Jr., of Chicago, Ill.; Arthur C. Gor-
don, of Lamar, Colo.; Eldon Wallingford, of Topeka, Kans.; A. B.
Mitchell, of Topeka, Kans.; A. W. McHendrie, of Pueblo, Colo.;
Robert M. Hitchcock, of Dunkirk, N. Y.; Walter Ragen Frizzell, of
Atlanta, Ga.; John O. Harris, of Wetumpka, Ala.; Lester August
Danielson, of Scottsbluff, Nebr.; Samuel M. Fleischman, of Buffalo,
N. Y.; Alexander W. Staples, of Los Angeles, Calif.; Frank J.
Donner, of New York City; James W. Aird, of Birmingham, Ala.;
Alexander F. Whiting, of Montgomery, Ala.; and J. L. Searles, of
Long Beach, Calif., were admitted to practice.
The Chief Justice announced the following orders of the Court:
No. 95. The Moody Bible Institute of Chicago, appellant, v. City of
Chicago. Appeal from the Supreme Court of Illinois. Per curiam:
The motion to dismiss is granted and the appeal is dismissed for the
want of jurisdiction. Section 237 (a) of the Judicial Code, as
amended, 28 U. S. C., Sec. 344 (a). Treating the papers whereon
the appeal was allowed as an application for writ of certiorari as
required by Sec. 237 (c) of the Judicial Code, as amended, 28 U. S. C.,
Sec. 344 (c), certiorari is denied.
No. 275. Elijah Parker and George Lewis, appellants, v. The State
of Mississippi. Appeal from the Supreme Court of Mississippi. Per
curiam: The motion for leave to proceed in forma pauperis is granted.
The appeal is dismissed for the want of jurisdiction. Section 237
(a) of the Judicial Code, as amended, 28 U. S. C., Sec. 344 (a). Treat-
ing the papers whereon the appeal was allowed as an application for
writ of certiorari as required by Sec. 237 (c) of the Judicial Code,
as amended, 28 U. S. C., Sec. 344 (c), certiorari is denied. Mr.
Justice Murphy is of opinion certiorari should be granted.
No. 213. Twisp Mining & Smelting Company, appellant, v. Chelan
Mining Company, Seattle First National Bank, as Receiver, etc.,
et al. Appeal from and petition for writ of certiorari to the Su-
preme Court of Washington. Per curiam: The appeal is dismissed
for failure to comply with Rule 12, paragraph 1. The petition for
writ of certiorari is denied.
554209-43-2

MONDAY, OCTOBER 11, 1943
4
No. 294. V. D. Payne, appellant, v. J. A. Kirchwehm. Appeal from
the Supreme Court of Ohio. Per curiam: The motion to dismiss is
granted and the appeal is dismissed for want of a substantial federal
question. (1) Alaska Packers Association v. Commission, 294 U. S.
532, 547; Pacific Insurance Co. v. Commission, 306 U. S. 493, 502;
(2) Michigan Insurance Bank v. Eldred, 130 U. S. 693, 696; Platt v.
Wilmot, 193 U. S. 602, 610; Guaranty Trust Co. v. United States,
304 U. S. 126, 136.
No. 308. Coit I. Hughes, H. B. Hughes, et al., appellants, v. J. L.
Gust. Appeal from the Supreme Court of Arizona. Per curiam:
The motion to dismiss is granted and the appeal is dismissed for
want of a properly presented federal question.
The Chief Justice said:
"The other orders of the Court appear upon the list certified by the
Chief Justice and filed with the Clerk and will not be announced
orally."
-
No. Theodore Bentz, appellant, v. State of Michigan. The pe-
tition for appeal is denied for the reason that application therefor
was not made within the time provided by law. Section 8 (a), Act
of February 13, 1925 (43 Stat. 936, 940), 28 U. S. C., section 350.
No. 9, Original. The State of Kansas, complainant, v. The State
of Missouri. The report of the Special Master herein is received and
ordered to be filed. It is ordered that exceptions to the said report,
if any, be filed on or before November 15, next; that briefs upon such
exceptions be filed on or before January 3, 1944; and that reply briefs,
if any, be filed on or before January 24, 1944. The cause is assigned
for hearing on Monday, January 31, 1944, at the head of the call for
that day.
No. 3. A. M. Anderson, Receiver, etc., petitioner, v. Katherine Kirk-
patrick Abbott, Administratrix, etc. et al. The motion of the respon-
dent to postpone reargument until January is granted.
No. 73. Nick Falbo, petitioner, v. The United States of America.
The motion to amend the petition for writ of certiorari is granted.
No. 98. Sarah Prince, appellant, v. Commonwealth of Massachu-
setts;
No. 105. Eastern-Central Motor Carriers Association et al., appel-
lants, v. The United States of America et al.;
No. 198. Earl Dickerson, W. O. Page, et al., appellants, v. Common-
wealth of Virginia;
No. 154. Anderson National Bank, suing on behalf of itself and all
others similarly situated, appellants, v. H. Clyde Reeves, Individually,
etc., et al. In these cases probable jurisdiction is noted.

MONDAY, OCTOBER 11, 1943
5
No. 227. Thomas B. Dyett, Special Guardian, etc., appellant, v.
Title Guarantee and Trust Company et al. In this case probable juris-
diction is noted and the case is assigned for argument immediately
following No. 52.
No. 134. John Thomas Carter and Eugene Pearson Macemore, ap-
pellants, v. The Commonwealth of Virginia;
No. 252. J. Howell Flournoy, Sheriff, etc., appellant, v. Samuel G.
Wiener et al.; and
No. 329. The United States of America, appellant, v. Berke Cake
Co., Inc., et al. Further consideration of the question of the jurisdic-
tion of this Court in these cases is postponed to the hearing of the
cases on the merits.
No. 71. The United States of America, petitioner, v. Frank Laudani.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of Appeals for
the Third Circuit granted.
No. 75. The United States, petitioner, v. Algernon Blair, Indi-
vidually, and to the use of Roanoke Marble & Granite Company, Inc.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Claims granted.
No. 84. Dixie Pine Products Company, petitioner, v. Commissioner
of Internal Revenue. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit
Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit granted.
No. 91. Bain Peanut Company of Texas, petitioner, v. Commis-
sioner of Internal Revenue. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
Circuit Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit granted.
No. 94. Mary Tennant, Administratrix of the estate of Harold C.
Tennant, deceased, petitioner, v. Peoria and Pekin Union Railway
Company. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of
Appeals for the Seventh Circuit granted.
No. 99. Illinois Steel Company, petitioner, v. Baltimore and Ohio
Railroad Company. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Appellate
Court, First District, State of Illinois, granted.
No. 112. Davies Warehouse Company, petitioner, v. Prentiss M.
Brown, Price Administrator. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
United States Emergency Court of Appeals granted.
No. 142. The United States, petitioner, v. Howard C. Myers;
No. 143. The United States, petitioner, v. John H. Arble;
No. 144. The United States, petitioner, v. Charles C. Martin;
No. 145. The United States, petitioner, v. Walter O. Plitz; and
No. 146. The United States, petitioner, v. George H. Spitz. Peti-
tion for writs of certiorari to the Court of Claims granted.
No. 158. The B. F. Goodrich Company, petitioner, v. The United
States of America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit
Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit granted.

MONDAY, OCTOBER 11, 1943
6
No. 183. B. H. Inness Brown, David Paine, et al., petitioners, v.
John Gerdes and James D. Carpenter, Jr., Trustees of Reynolds
Investing Co., Inc., debtor. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
Court of Appeals of New York granted.
No. 195. Northwestern Electric Company and American Power &
Light Company, petitioners, v. Federal Power Commission. Peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of Appeals for the
Ninth Circuit granted.
No. 209. The United States of America, petitioner, v. John Water-
house, Ernest Hay Wodehouse, et al., etc. Petition for writ of certio-
rari to the Circuit Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit granted.
No. 211. Delbert O. Stark, A. F. Stratton, et al., petitioners, v.
Claude R. Wickard, Secretary of Agriculture of the United States.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the District of Columbia granted.
No. 265. Medo Photo Supply Corporation, petitioner, v. National
Labor Relations Board. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Cir-
cuit Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit granted.
No. 267. The United States of America, petitioner, v. Seattle-First
National Bank, a National Banking Association. Petition for
writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of Appeals for the Ninth Cir-
cuit granted.
No. 276. The Security Flour Mills Company, petitioner, v. Com-
missioner of Internal Revenue. Petition for writ of certiorari to
the Circuit Court of Appeals for the Tenth Circuit granted.
No. 291. Union Brokerage Company, petitioner, v. Norman G.
Jensen and Curtis M. Rime. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
Supreme Court of Minnesota granted.
No. 115. Commissioner of Internal Revenue, petitioner, v. Lane-
Wells Company et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit
Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit granted. The case is trans-
ferred to the summary docket and assigned for argument immediately
following No. 1.
No. 193. Samuel Feldman, petitioner, v. The United States of
America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of Ap-
peals for the Second Circuit granted, limited to the question whether
petitioner's testimony given in the New York supplementary proceed-
ings was properly admitted in evidence at the trial. Mr. Justice
Murphy took no part in the consideration or decision of this appli-
cation.
No. 200. Anton Mahnich, petitioner, v. The Southern Steamship
Company. The motion to proceed on typewritten papers is granted.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of Appeals for the
Third Circuit granted.

MONDAY, OCTOBER 11, 1943
7
No. 215. Arthur Goodwyn Billings, petitioner, v. Karl Truesdell,
Major General, United States Army. The motion to proceed on the
typewritten record is granted. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
Circuit Court of Appeals for the Tenth Circuit granted.
No. 217. Wilma E. Addison, Ernestine C. Lyles, et al., petitioners,
v. Holly Hill Fruit Products, Inc. Petition for writ of certiorari to
the Circuit Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit granted. The So-
licitor General is invited to file a brief amicus curiae if he is so advised.
No. 226. Polish National Alliance of the United States of North
America, petitioner, v. National Labor Relations Board. Petition for
writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of Appeals for the Seventh
Circuit granted, limited to the first five questions presented by the pe-
tition for the writ.
No. 235. Great Northern Life Insurance Company, petitioner, v.
Jess G. Read, Insurance Commissioner for the State of Oklahoma.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of Appeals for the
Tenth Circuit granted. Counsel are requested to discuss in their
briefs and on oral argument the right of petitioner to maintain its
suit in a federal court.
No. 117. District of Columbia, petitioner, v. Elizabeth C. Pace.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the District of Columbia granted. Mr. Justice Black and Mr.
Justice Rutledge took no part in the consideration or decision of this
application.
No. 159. Mrs. Eula May Walton, Administratrix of Fred Walton,
deceased, petitioner, v. Southern Package Corporation. The motion
for leave to proceed in forma pauperis is granted. Petition for writ
of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Mississippi granted.
No. 72. Mina L. Cowan, petitioner, v. Fallbrook Public Utility Dis-
trict, etc. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of Ap-
peals for the Ninth Circuit denied.
No. 74. Marguerite Cahn Raphael, petitioner, v. Commissioner of
Internal Revenue. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit
Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit denied.
No. 76. Dant and Russell, Incorporated, petitioner, v. Board of
Supervisors of the County of Los Angeles, etc., et al. Petition for
writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of California denied.
No. 77. William W. McGregor, Perry Shilton, et al., petitioners, v.
The United States. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of
Claims denied.
No. 78. Finck Cigar Co., Inc., petitioner, v. Commissioner of Inter-
nal Revenue. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court
of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit denied.

MONDAY, OCTOBER 11, 1943
80
No. 79. Clarence Caldwell, petitioner, v. The Travelers Insurance
Company. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of
Appeals for the Eighth Circuit denied.
No. 80. La Societe Francaise de Bienfaisance Mutuelle (A Cor-
poration), petitioner, v. California Employment Commission, etc.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the District Court of Appeal, 1st
Appellate District, State of California, denied.
No. 81. Middle West Construction, Incorporated, petitioner, v. The
Metropolitan District. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit
Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit denied.
No. 82. Howard B. Parker, petitioner, v. The United States of
America et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court
of Appeals for the First Circuit denied.
No. 89. Jacksonville Paper Company, petitioner, v. The United
States. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court
of Customs & Patent Appeals denied.
No. 90. The Trust Company of Chicago, Administrator of the
estate of Elizabeth Palmer Smith, deceased, et al., petitioners, v. City
of Chicago et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court
of Illinois denied.
No. 93. Charles J. McColgan, Franchise Tax Commissioner of the
State of California, petitioner, v. Maier Brewing Company et al., etc.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of Appeals for
the Ninth Circuit denied.
No. 96. V. W. Petty, petitioner, v. Missouri and Arkansas Railway
Company. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of
Arkansas denied..
No. 97. West Virginia Glass Specialty Company, petitioner, v. Na-
tional Labor Relations Board. Petition for writ of certiorari to
the Circuit Court of Appeals for the Fourth Circuit denied.
No. 101. Keeshin Motor Express Co., Inc., petitioner, v. Interstate
Commerce Commission. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit
Court of Appeals for the Seventh Circuit denied.
No. 102. North Carolina Finishing Company, petitioner, v. National
Labor Relations Board. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit
Court of Appeals for the Fourth Circuit denied.
No. 104. Pacific States Savings and Loan Company et al., peti-
tioners, v. Babette M. Trede, and Superior Court of the State of
California, etc. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court
of California denied.
No. 106. J. L. Seidenbach, petitioner, v. Maryland Casualty Com-
pany. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of Appeals
for the Tenth Circuit denied.

MONDAY, OCTOBER 11, 1943
9
No. 107. Keasby & Mattison Company, petitioner, v. Walter J.
Rothensies, Collector of Internal Revenue. Petition for writ of
certiorari to the Circuit Court of Appeals for the Third Circuit
denied.
No. 108. John H. Wallace, Jr., doing business as Wallace Labora-
tories, petitioner, v. F. W. Woolworth Company. Petition for writ
of certiorari to the Circuit Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit
denied.
No. 110. Harold H. Barnett, successor trustee in bankruptcy of the
Allied Products Company, petitioner, v. Maryland Casualty Company.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of Appeals for the
Sixth Circuit denied.
No. 219. Continental Casualty Company, petitioner, v. Harold H.
Barnett, trustee. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court
of Appeals for the Sixth Circuit denied.
No. 111. Fred Pine, petitioner, v. The United States of America.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of Appeals for the
Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 114. The J. L. Hudson Company, petitioner, v. National Labor
Relations Board. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court
of Appeals for the Sixth Circuit denied.
No. 116. Lane-Wells Company, and Technicraft Engineering Cor-
poration, petitioner, v. Commissioner of Internal Revenue. Petition
for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of Appeals for the Ninth
Circuit denied.
No. 118. Howard Kiker, petitioner, v. The City of Philadelphia,
Bernard Samuel, acting Mayor of Philadelphia, et al. Petition for
writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Pennsylvania denied.
No. 120. Olaf Oswald, petitioner, v. The United States of America.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of Appeals for the
Ninth Circuit denied.
No. 121. Paul H. Barnes, petitioner, v. Commonwealth of Pennsyl-
vania ex rel. Emma K. Barnes. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
Superior Court of Pennsylvania denied.
No. 122. Muskegon Motor Specialties Company, petitioner, v. Com-
missioner of Internal Revenue. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
Circuit Court of Appeals for the Sixth Circuit denied.
No. 124. Anna Royer, Administratrix of the estate of Lydia Bru-
baker, deceased, petitioner, v. Jerome K. Greiner. Petition for writ
of certiorari to the Superior Court of Pennsylvania denied.
No. 126. Thomas P. Nichols &
National City Bank of Lynn et al.
Son Company, petitioner, v. The
Petition for writ of certiorari to

MONDAY, OCTOBER 11, 1943
10
the Superior Court, Essex County, Commonwealth of Massachusetts,
denied.
No. 127. E. Creekmore, General Chairman of the Brotherhood of
Maintenance of Way Employees of N. O. Public Belt Railroad, peti-
tioner, v. Public Belt Railroad Commission of New Orleans et al.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of Appeals for
the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 128. Alvin Emmett Skinner, petitioner, v. Wilbur L. Dingwell.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of Appeals for the
Eighth Circuit denied.
No. 129. Morris Investment Corporation, petitioner, v. Commis-
sioner of Internal Revenue. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
Circuit Court of Appeals for the Third Circuit denied.
No. 136. Conrad E. Langfield, doing business as The Solvite Com-
pany, petitioner, v. Solvental Chemical Products, Inc. Petition for
writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of Appeals for the Sixth Cir-
cuit denied.
No. 138. Thomas W. Morell, on behalf of himself and all other
persons similarly situated, petitioners, v. The City of New York et al.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of New York
denied.
No. 139. Franklin Perry, petitioner, v. The United States of
America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of Ap-
peals for the Tenth Circuit denied.
No. 140. Edwin K. Atwood and Alice B. Atwood, Individually, etc.,
petitioners, v. Alice G. K. Kleberg, Individually, etc., et al. Petition
for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of Appeals for the Fifth
Circuit denied.
No. 147. Herbert Frederic Miller, petitioner, v. Elsie A. Miller.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of Appeals for the
Tenth Circuit denied.
No. 148. N. N. S. Matcovich, petitioner, v. Clifford C. Anglim, as
Collector of Internal Revenue, etc. Petition for writ of certiorari to
the Circuit Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit denied.
No. 149. Celanese Corporation of America, petitioner, v. Libbey-
Owens-Ford Glass Company. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
Circuit Court of Appeals for the Sixth Circuit denied.
No. 151. First Trust & Deposit Company et al., as Executors of
the last will and testament of William M. Ballard, deceased, peti-
tioners, v. Frank J. Shaughnessy, Collector of Internal Revenue, etc.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of Appeals for
the Second Circuit denied.

MONDAY, OCTOBER 11, 1943-
11
No. 152. The Buckeye Union Casualty Company, petitioner, v.
Pat. J. Ranallo and United States Fidelity and Guaranty Company.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of Appeals for the
Sixth Circuit denied.
No. 153. J. E. Farrell, petitioner, v. Commissioner of Internal
Revenue. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of
Appeals for the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 156. Peter W. Burns, petitioner, v. The United States of
America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of
Appeals for the Second Circuit denied.
v.
No. 160. Neil E. Reid, Circuit Judge of the Sixteenth Judicial
Circuit sitting in and for the County of Saginaw, petitioner,
Second National Bank and Trust Company of Saginaw, Michigan,
etc., et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of
Michigan denied.
No. 162. John Klinger, alias Jacob Klinger, petitioner, v. The
United States of America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
Circuit Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit denied.
No. 163. Western Cartridge Company et al., petitioners, v. Na-
tional Labor Relations Board et al. Petition for writ of certiorari
to the Circuit Court of Appeals for the Seventh Circuit denied.
No. 164. Holland Furnace Company, petitioner, v. Department of
Treasury of the State of Indiana et al. Petition for writ of cer-
tiorari to the Circuit Court of Appeals for the Seventh Circuit
denied.
No. 165. Interstate Roofing & Supply Company, petitioner, v. De-
partment of Treasury of the State of Indiana et al. Petition for
writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of Appeals for the Seventh
Circuit denied.
No. 166. Great Lakes Dredge & Dock Company et al., petitioners,
v. Department of Treasury of the State of Indiana et al. Petition
for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of Appeals for the Seventh
Circuit denied.
No. 168. Guy Carleton Denney, petitioner, v. The Fort Recovery
Banking Company. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit
Court of Appeals for the Tenth Circuit denied.
No. 169. The I. T. S. Company, petitioner, v. Seiberling Rubber
Company and The Seiberling Rubber Company. Petition for writ
of certiorari to the Circuit Court of Appeals for the Sixth Circuit
denied.
No. 172. The Washington Water Power Company et al., petition-
ers, v. The United States of America. Petition for writ of certiorari
to the Circuit Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit denied.
554209-43-3

MONDAY, OCTOBER 11, 1943
12
No. 173. Freddie Rich, petitioner, v. Eula Marlene Rich. Petition
for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of Appeals for the Second
Circuit denied.
No. 174. The City of Youngstown, petitioner, v. The Erie Railroad
Company. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of
Appeals for the Sixth Circuit denied.
No. 175. Antionette D. Andrews, petitioner, v. Commissioner of
Internal Revenue;
No. 176. Bertha A. Rainey and Aquila W. Sweeney, as Executors,
etc., petitioners, v. Commissioner of Internal Revenue;
No. 177. Bertha A. Rainey, petitioner, v. Commissioner of Internal
Revenue;
No. 178. Mary A. Stoddard, petitioner, v. Commissioner of Inter-
nal Revenue; and
No. 179. Belle Andrews, petitioner, v. Commissioner of Internal
Revenue. Petition for writs of certiorari to the Circuit Court of
Appeals for the Second Circuit denied.
No. 180. Transbay Construction Company, petitioner, v. City and
County of San Francisco. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
Circuit Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit denied.
No. 181. Carl Lippard and Paul Lippard, petitioners, v. The State
of North Carolina. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme
Court of North Carolina denied.
No. 182. Schiavone-Bonomo Corporation, petitioner, v. Bouchard
Transportation Company, Inc., et al. Petition for writ of certiorari
to the Circuit Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit denied.
No. 184. Harvey S. Cover, petitioner, v. Chicago Eye Shield Com-
pany. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of Appeals
for the Seventh Circuit denied.
No. 185. Allen M. Snyder, petitioner, v. The Provident Trust Co.,
Successor, etc. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court
of Pennsylvania denied.
No. 186. Allen J. Patch, petitioner, v. Perry G. Stahly. Petition
for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of Appeals for the Seventh
Circuit denied.
No. 188. Francis E. Baumer, petitioner, v. Franklin County Dis-
tilling Company, Incorporated. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
Circuit Court of Appeals for the Sixth Circuit denied.
No. 192. William E. Evans, petitioner, v. The State of South Caro-
lina. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of South
Carolina denied.

MONDAY, OCTOBER 11, 1943
13
No. 194. Lawrence M. Williams, as Liquidator of Sterling Sugars,
Inc., etc., et al., petitioners, v. The United States. Petition for writ
of certiorari to the Court of Claims denied.
No. 225. Insular Sugar Refining Corporation, petitioner, v. The
United States. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Claims
denied.
No. 196. Willie Gray Garrison, petitioner, v. The United States of
America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of
Appeals for the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 197. Delendo Corporation (Formerly Olde-Tyme Distillers
Corporation) et al., petitioners, v. Philip Smolowe et al., etc. Peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of Appeals for the
Second Circuit denied.
No. 199. Alfred I. DuPont Testamentary trust et al., petitioners,
v. Okeechobee County, Florida, Debtor. Petition for writ of cer-
tiorari to the Circuit Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 202. Pan American Airways, Inc., and National Surety Cor-
poration, petitioners, v. The United States of America. Petition for
writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of Appeals for the Fifth Cir-
cuit denied.
No. 203. Mrs. Ida Rosser Barber, petitioner, v. Legh R. Powell, Jr.,
and H. W. Anderson, Receivers of Seaboard Air Line Railway Com-
pany. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of Appeals
for the Fourth Circuit denied.
No. 204. Mead Johnson & Company, petitioner, v. Hillman's Inc.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of Appeals for the
Seventh Circuit denied.
No. 205. The Citizens and Southern National Bank, cotrustee of the
estate of Emanuel Ulman, deceased, petitioner, v. Commissioner of
Internal Revenue. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit
Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 206. Mississippi Road Supply Company, petitioner, v. L.
Metcalfe Walling, Administrator, etc. .Petition for writ of certiorari
to the Circuit Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 207. The Raritan Company of Delaware, Inc., petitioner, v.
Commissioner of Internal Revenue. Petition for writ of certiorari
to the Circuit Court of Appeals for the Third Circuit denied.
No. 208. National Mineral Company, petitioner, v. National Labor
Relations Board. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court
of Appeals for the Seventh Circuit denied.
No. 210. Richard W. Werner, petitioner, v. Hein-Werner Motor
Parts Corporation. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit
Court of Appeals for the Seventh Circuit denied.

MONDAY, OCTOBER 11, 1943
14
No. 216. The People of Puerto Rico, on behalf of the Isabela Irri-
gation Service, petitioner, v. The United States of America et al. Pe-
tition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of Appeals for the
First Circuit denied.
No. 220. Walter Ford Gormley, petitioner, v. The United States of
America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of Ap-
peals for the Seventh Circuit denied.
No. 221. J. Clyde Dean, doing business as Red River Barge Line,
Owner of the Tug “Doris Dean,” petitioner, v. Barge Transport
Company. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of
Appeals for the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 224. Vertex Investment Company, petitioner, v. Nora B. Schwa-
bacher, Individually et al., etc. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
District Court of Appeal, 1st Appellate District, State of California,
denied.
No. 228. The Morris and Essex Railroad Company et al., petition-
ers, v. The Delaware, Lackawanna and Western Railroad Company et
al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of Appeals for
the Second Circuit denied.
No. 229. Julia C. Collins and Hattie L. Mosher, petitioners, v. Joe
O'Connell and Jessie B. O'Connell, husband and wife. Petition for
writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of Appeals for the Ninth Cir-
cuit denied.
No. 230. Elmore L. Westgate, petitioner, v. Fred G. Timmer, Re-
ceiver of the Direct Refinery Stations, et al. Petition for writ of cer-
tiorari to the Supreme Court of Michigan denied.
No. 231. The United States of America, ex rel. Frank Parker, peti-
tioner, v. Peter B. Carey, Sheriff of Cook County. Petition for writ
of certiorari to the Circuit Court of Appeals for the Seventh Circuit
denied.
No. 233. Rufus Howard Nye, petitioner, v. The United States of
America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of
Appeals for the Fourth Circuit denied.
No. 236. The United States of America, ex rel. Walter Gutterson,
petitioner, v. E. E. Thompson, Warden of the United States House
of Detention, etc. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit
Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit denied.
No. 237. R. K. Japha, suing on his own behalf and on behalf of all
other owners of First and Refunding Mortgage Gold Bonds, Series
A, etc., petitioner, v. Public Service Company of Northern Illinois
et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of Appeals
for the Seventh Circuit denied.

MONDAY, OCTOBER 11, 1943
15
No. 238. Daniel W. Norris et al., as Executors of the will of Fannie
W. Norris, deceased, petitioners, v. Commissioner of Internal
Revenue. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of
Appeals for the Seventh Circuit denied.
No. 241. Underwriters' Laboratories, Inc., petitioner, v. Commis-
sioner of Internal Revenue; and
No. 242. Underwriters' Laboratories, Inc., petitioner, v. Commis-
sioner of Internal Revenue. Petition for writs of certiorari to the
Circuit Court of Appeals for the Seventh Circuit denied.
No. 243. Solomon G. Salomon, petitioner, v. The City of New York
et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of Appeals
for the Second Circuit denied.
No. 244. The Morrisdale Coal Company, petitioner, v. The United
States of America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit
Court of Appeals for the Third Circuit denied.
No. 245. Maurice Steckler, Administrator c. t. a. of the estate of
David Steckler, deceased, etc., petitioner, v. The Pennroad Corpora-
tion et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of
Appeals for the Third Circuit denied.
No. 246. A. M. Byers Company, petitioner, v. Commonwealth of
Pennsylvania. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court
of Pennsylvania denied.
No. 248. General Management Corporation, petitioner, v. Commis-
sioner of Internal Revenue. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
Circuit Court of Appeals for the Seventh Circuit denied.
No. 249. The Evangelical Lutheran Synod of Kansas and Adjacent
States, a corporation, petitioner, v. First English Lutheran Church
of Oklahoma City, a corporation, et al. Petition for writ of certi-
orari to the Circuit Court of Appeals for the Tenth Circuit denied.
No. 253. Robert B. Twining et al., as Natural Guardians, etc., et al.,
petitioners, v. Land Title Bank and Trust Company, Trustee. Peti-
tion for writ of eertiorari to the Supreme Court of Pennsylvania
denied.
No. 254. Eastern Wine Corporation, petitioner, v. Winslow-Warren
Ltd., Incorporated. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit
Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit denied.
No. 255. J. O. B. Price, petitioner, v. Louisiana Rural Rehabilita-
tion Corporation. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court
of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 256. Mary S. Whitmore, Robert Simpson, et al., petitioners, v.
The Pennsylvania Society for prevention of cruelty to animals, a
corporation. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of
Pennsylvania denied.

MONDAY, OCTOBER 11, 1943
16
No. 257. Federal Crude Oil Co., petitioner, v. The State of Texas.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Civil Appeals, 3d
Supreme Judicial District, State of Texas, denied.
No. 259. S. D. Tilney, W. C. Ham, et al., petitioners, v. City of
Chicago et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of
Appeals for the Seventh Circuit denied.
No. 260. Martin A. Hirsch, petitioner, v. The United States of
America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of
Appeals for the Second Circuit denied.
No. 263. Charlie Herndon, petitioner, v. The State of North Caro-
lina. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of North
Carolina denied.
No. 268. George C. Bennett, petitioner, v. Julius De Geeter. Peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the Court of Errors and Appeals of New
Jersey denied.
No. 269. Geophysical Development Corporation et al., petitioners,
v. Conway P. Coe, Commissioner of Patents. Petition for writ of cer-
tiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the District of
Columbia denied.
No. 270. Stanley F. Wallace, petitioner, v. Delaware River Ferry
Company of New Jersey. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court
of Errors and Appeals of New Jersey denied.
No. 272. Moses L. Parshelsky, petitioner, v. Commissioner of Inter-
nal Revenue. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of
Appeals for the Second Circuit denied.
No. 273. In the matter of I. Walter Meckley, petitioner. Petition
for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of Appeals for the Third
Circuit denied.
No. 279. Margaret Withrow, trading as Royal Blue Cab Company,
et al., petitioners, 2. Wilma Farmer Edwards, Administratrix, etc.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Appeals of
Virginia denied.
No. 281. Wade S. Thomson, John W. Thomson, et al., petitioners, v.
Leta Butler, Rozell Griffith, et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to
the Circuit Court of Appeals for the Eighth Circuit denied.
No. 290. American Anode, Inc., petitioner, v. Dewey & Almy
Chemical Company. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit
Court of Appeals for the Third Circuit denied.
No. 300. Adolph Axelrath, petitioner, v. Spencer Kellogg and
Sons, Inc.; and
No. 304. Adolph Axelrath, petitioner, v. Spencer Kellogg and
Sons, Inc. Petition for writs of certiorari to the Court of Appeals of
New York denied.

MONDAY, OCTOBER 11, 1943
17
No. 307. Home Ice Company of Memphis, petitioner, v. Brewer R.
Chapman et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court
of Appeals for the Sixth Circuit denied.
No. 92. The Swan Carburetor Company, petitioner, v. The Nash
Motor Company. The motion to supplement and amend the petition
for writ of certiorari is granted. Petition for writ of certiorari to
the Circuit Court of Appeals for the Fourth Circuit denied.
No. 100. William A. Doss, petitioner, v. People of the State of
Illinois. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of
Illinois denied for the reason that application therefor was not made
within the time provided by law. Section 8 (a), Act of February
13, 1925 (43 Stat. 936, 940), 28 U. S. C., section 350.
No. 170. Arthur H. Stoike, petitioner, v. First National Bank of the
City of New York. The motion to dispense with the printing of the
record is granted. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme
Court of New York denied.
No. 191. Albert F. Coyle, petitioner, v. The People of the State of
New York. The motion to proceed on typewritten papers is granted.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals of New York
denied.
No. 212. Sammie Osborne, petitioner, v. The State of South Caro-
lina. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of South
Carolina denied. Mr. Justice Murphy is of the opinion that the peti-
tion should be granted.
No. 218. Jim Skidmore et al., petitioners, v. Swift & Company.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of Appeals for
the Fifth Circuit denied. Mr. Justice Black is of the opinion that
the petition should be granted.
No. 271. Ralph A. Stilwell, petitioner, v. Robert Norment et al.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of Appeals for
the Second Circuit denied for the reason that application therefor
was not made within the time provided by law. Section 8 (a), Act
of February 13, 1925 (43 Stat. 936, 940), 28 U. S. C., section 350.
No. 288. Swiss National Insurance Company, Ltd., etc., petitioner,
v. Leo T. Crowley, as Alien Property Custodian, et al. Petition for
writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the Dis-
trict of Columbia denied. The Chief Justice, Mr. Justice Murphy,
and Mr. Justice Jackson took no part in the consideration or decision
of this application.
No. 234. Jennings A. Snider, petitioner, v. Vida Ruth Kelly et al.;
and
No. 240. Truman B. Wayne, petitioner, v. William W. Robinson,
Jr., and The Texas Company. Petitions for writs of certiorari to

MONDAY, OCTOBER 11, 1943
18
the United States Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia
denied. Mr. Justice Rutledge took no part in the consideration or
decision of these applications.
No. 125. Thaddeus Deatherage, petitioner, v. Clyde I. Plummer,
Warden, etc. On petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court
of California;
No. 135. Bill Cannes, petitioner, 2. The State of Oklahoma. On
petition for writ of certiorari to the Criminal Court of Appeals of
Oklahoma;
No. 137. Joe T. Powell, petitioner, v. Joseph W. Sanford, Warden,
etc. On petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of Ap-
peals for the Fifth Circuit;
No. 141. George William Bailey, petitioner, v. State of Missouri.
On petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Missouri;
No. 157. Ivy E. Atwood, petitioner, v. Walter A. Hunter, Warden,
etc. On petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of Ap-
peals for the Tenth Circuit;
No. 171. R. B. Swearengin, petitioner, v. Milton F. Amrine,
Warden, etc., et al. On petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme
Court of Kansas;
No. 189. Laconia Chapelle Burroughs, petitioner, v. Joseph W.
Sanford, Warden, etc. On petition for writ of certiorari to the Cir-
cuit Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit;
No. 190. Harvey Bistany, petitioner, v. Joseph H. Brophy, Warden,
etc. On petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of New
York;
No. 264. Richard Carr, petitioner, v. Walter B. Martin, as Warden,
etc. On petition for writ of certiorari to the County Court of Wyo-
ming County, New York;
No. 277. Georgia M. Spruill, petitioner, v. Thomas T. Newby,
Chairman, etc. On petition for writ of certiorari to the United
States Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia;
No. 289. Dale Stamphill, petitioner, v. James A. Johnston, Warden,
etc. On petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of
Appeals for the Ninth Circuit;
No. 297. Zebedee Tate, petitioner, v. Empire Building Corpora-
tion. On petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of Ap-
peals for the Sixth Circuit;
No. 303. Charles Colley, petitioner, v. State of Tennessee. On pe-
tition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Tennessee; and
No. 332. Pantaleona Lumare, petitioner, v. The State of Missouri.
On petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Missouri.
The motions for leave to proceed in forma pauperis are granted.
The petitions for writs of certiorari are denied.
No. 123. Wilbur Dear, petitioner, v. Nathan Mayo, as State Prison
Custodian. The motion for leave to proceed in forma pauperis is

MONDAY, OCTOBER 11, 1943
19
granted. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of
Florida denied. The motion for leave to file petition for writ of
habeas corpus is also denied.
No. 167. Edgar Flowers, petitioner, v. The State of Florida. The
motion for leave to proceed in forma pauperis is granted. Petition
for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Florida denied. Mr.
Justice Murphy and Mr. Justice Douglas are of the opinion that the
petition should be granted.
No. 258. John Lawrence Coleman, petitioner, v. Clinton T. Duffy,
Warden, etc. On petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court
of California. The motion for leave to proceed in forma pauperis is
granted. The petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of
California is denied on the ground that the case is moot.
No. 261. Howard M. Sharpe, petitioner, v. Commonwealth of
Kentucky et al. The motion for leave to proceed in forma pauperis
is granted. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals
of Kentucky denied for the reason that the application therefor was
not made within the time provided by law. Section 8 (a), Act of
February 13, 1925 (43 Stat. 936, 940), 28 U. S. C. section 350.
It
No. 187. The People of the State of New York on the relation of
Stephen Rogalski, petitioner, v. Walter B. Martin, as Warden, etc.
The motion for leave to proceed in forma pauperis is granted.
does not appear from the record that the federal question presented
by the petition was necessarily decided by the Court of Appeals. The
petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals of New York
is denied. Lynch v. New York ex rel. Pierson, 293 U. S. 52; Honey-
man v. Hanan, 300 U. S. 14, 18; Bakery & Pastry Drivers Local 302 v.
Wohl, 313 U. S. 572.
-
No. Original, October Term, 1942. Ex parte Edward J.
Borah, petitioner. Petition for rehearing denied. The application
for writ of certiorari is also denied.
No. 2, October Term, 1942. William Schneiderman, petitioner, v.
The United States of America. The petition for rehearing is denied.
Mr. Justice Jackson took no part in the consideration or decision of
this application.
No. 4, October Term, 1942. The United States of America, peti-
tioner, v. William R. Johnston; and
No. 5, October Term, 1942. The United States of America, peti-
tioner, v. Jack Sommers et al. - The petitions for rehearing are denied.
Mr. Justice Murphy, Mr. Justice Jackson, and Mr. Justice Rutledge
took no part in the consideration or decision of these applications.
No. 517, October Term, 1942. Gaetano Ajello, petitioner, v. Pan
American Airways Corporation et al. Fourth petition for rehearing
554209-43-4

MONDAY, OCTOBER 11, 1943
20
denied. Mr. Justice Rutledge took no part in the consideration or
decision of this application.
No. 940, October Term, 1942. J. S. Potts, Trading as Southern
Progress Publishing Company, petitioner, v. Martin Dies. The mo-
tion for leave to file petition for rehearing is granted. The petition
for rehearing is denied. Mr. Justice Rutledge took no part in the
consideration or decision of this application.
No. 1003, October Term, 1942. Nathan M. Lubar, Trustee, etc.,
petitioner, v. Harry Hartman. The petition for rehearing is denied.
Mr. Justice Rutledge took no part in the consideration or decision
of this application.
No. 1064, October Term, 1942. Milton Prebyl, appellant, v. The
Prudential Insurance Company of America and John S. Callan. Peti-
tion for rehearing denied. Mr. Justice Roberts and Mr. Justice
Douglas took no part in the consideration or decision of this applica-
tion.
No. 1069, October Term, 1942. Bernard Kushner, petitioner, v.
The United States of America. Petition for rehearing denied. Mr.
Justice Douglas took no part in the consideration or decision of this
application.
No. 824, October Term, 1942. Metropolitan-Columbia Stockhold-
ers, Inc., et al., petitioners, v. The City of New York. The motion for
leave to file a third petition for rehearing is denied.
No. 955, October Term, 1942. Frank Valenti, petitioner, v. The
United States of America. The motion for leave to file petition for
rehearing is denied.
No. 369, October Term, 2942. Marconi Wireless Telegraph Com-
pany of America, petitioner, v. The United States;
No. 552, October Term, 1942. Interstate Transit Lines, petitioner,
v. Commissioner of Internal Revenue;
No. 608, October Term, 1942. E. V. Davis, petitioner, v. The State
of Arizona;
No. 628, October Term, 1942. The Interstate Commerce Commis-
sion et al., appellants, v. Columbus and Greenville Railway Company;
No. 698, October Term, 1942. Daniel F. Boone, petitioner, v. Clar-
ence M. Lightner et al.;
No. 707, October Term, 1942. Benjamin W. Freeman, petitioner, v.
Bee Machine Company, Inc.;
No. 709, October Term, 1942. Virginia Electric and Power Com-
pany, petitioner, v. National Labor Relations Board;
No. 726, October Term, 1942. Nathan Mayo and Roy Hutchinson,
appellants, v. The United States of America;
No: 766, October Term, 1942. Virginian Hotel Corporation of
Lynchburg, petitioner, v. Commissioner of Internal Revenue;

MONDAY, OCTOBER 11, 1943
21
No. 958, October Term, 1942. Kennedy Laundry Company, peti-
tioner, v. Commissioner of Internal Revenue;
No. 892, October Term, 1942. Harold E. Cole, appellant, v. Abel J..
Violette et al.;
No. 895, October Term, 1942. Sherman L. Rumberger, petitioner,
v. John H. Welsh et al.;
No. 964, October Term, 1942. Standard Dredging Corporation, pe-
titioner, v. L. Metcalfe Walling, Administrator, etc.;
No. 967, October Term, 1942. William Elliott, petitioner, v. Jess
Buchanan, Warden, etc.;
No. 987, October Term, 1942. Louis Burall, petitioner, v. James A.
Johnston, Warden, etc.;
No. 989, October Term, 1942. The Gordon Form Lathe Company,
petitioner, v. Ford Motor Company;
No. 996, October Term, 1942. Armin Ellerbrake, petitioner, v. The
United States of America;
No. 1001, October Term, 1942. Hugh A. Bowen, petitioner, v. The
United States of America;
No. 1024, October Term, 1942. Harry Becker, petitioner, v. Loew's
Incorporated;
No. 1031, October Term, 1942. The Travelers Insurance Company,
petitioner, v. John I. Magill, Conservator, etc.;
No. 1038, October Term, 1942. Oskar Tiedemann and Estonian
State Steamship Line, petitioners, v. Estoduras Steamship Company,
Inc.;
No. 1040, October Term, 1942. Edgar B. Davis, petitioner, v. Com-
monwealth of Massachusetts;
No. 1041, October Term, 1942. Michael Dubina, petitioner, v. People
of the State of Michigan;
No. 1042, October Term 1942. Alfred S. Davis, as Treasurer, etc.,
et al., petitioners, v. Dinny & Robbins, Inc.;
No. 1070, October Term, 1942. Charles H. Guyton, petitioner, v.
The United States of America; and
No. 1077, October Term, 1942. Joseph A. Farrell, petitioner, v.
Francis J. W. Lanagan, Warden, etc. Petitions for rehearing
denied.
No., original. The State of Illinois, complainant, v. The State
of Indiana et al. Motion for leave to file bill of complaint presented.
No. 318. Henry Allen Hill, petitioner, v. The State of Texas. On
petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Criminal Appeals of
Texas. Dismissed on motion of counsel for the petitioner.
No. 5, original. The State of Colorado, complainant, v. The State of
Kansas et al. Six hours allowed for oral argument. Argument on

MONDAY, OCTOBER 11, 1943
22
exceptions to report of Special Master commenced by Mr. Gail L.
Ireland for the complainant; continued by Mr. Jean S. Breitenstein
for the complainant; and by Mr. W. E. Stanley for the defendants.
Adjourned until tomorrow at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Tuesday, October 12, will be as follows: Nos. 5,
Original, 5, 17, 18, 21, 23, 27 (and 41), 48, 28, and 19.

TUESDAY, OCTOBER 12, 1943
23
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: The Chief Justice, Mr. Justice Roberts, Mr. Justice Black,
Mr. Justice Reed, Mr. Justice Frankfurter, Mr. Justice Douglas, Mr.
Justice Murphy, Mr. Justice Jackson, and Mr. Justice Rutledge.
Lucian Touchstone, of Dallas, Tex.; Falon Andrew Fraley, of
Lepanto, Ark.; A. Karl Heyner, of Cleveland, Ohio; DeWitt K. Ma-
son, Jr., of Marion, Ala.; Elsie M. Farris, of Long Beach, Calif.;
Donald O. Hobart, of Newark, N. J.; Raymond Kit Carson, of Wash-
ington, D. C.; T. W. Kimber, of Akron, Ohio; Sol August, of Chicago,
Ill.; and Thomas F. Murphy, of Wellsboro, Pa., were admitted to
practice.
No. 398. Hazel-Atlas Glass Company, petitioner, v. Hartford-
Empire Company; and
No. -. Shawkee Manufacturing Company et al., petitioners, v.
Hartford-Empire Company. The motion of the respondent to be al-
lowed to and including November 18, next, within which to file brief
in opposition to the petition for writ of certiorari in each of these
cases is granted.
No. 5, original. The State of Colorado, complainant, v. The State
of Kansas et al. Argument on the exceptions to the report of the
Special Master continued by Mr. W. E. Stanley and by Mr. Eldon
Wallingford for the defendants and concluded by Mr. Henry C. Vidal
for the complainant.
No. 5. The United States of America, petitioner, v. Joseph H.
Dotterweich. Argued by Mr. Solicitor General Fahy for the peti-
tioner and by Mr. Samuel M. Fleischman for the respondent.
No. 17. James Lanier Bell, petitioner, v. Preferred Life Assurance
Society of Montgomery, Alabama, et al. Argument commenced by
Mr. R. K. Wise for the petitioner.
Adjourned until tomorrow at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Wednesday, October 13, will be as follows: Nos. 17,
18, 21, 23, 27 (and 41), 48, 19, 24, 25, and 26.
554209-43--5

WEDNESDAY, OCTOBER 13, 1943
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
24
Present: The Chief Justice, Mr. Justice Roberts, Mr. Justice Black,
Mr. Justice Reed, Mr. Justice Frankfurter, Mr. Justice Douglas, Mr.
Justice Murphy, Mr. Justice Jackson, and Mr. Justice Rutledge.
John H. Mitton, of Washington, D. C.; V. C. Shuttleworth, of
Cedar Rapids, Iowa; I. Trumbull Wood, of Trenton, N. J.; and
Samuel M. Amster, of El Paso, Tex., were admitted to practice.
No. 17. James Lanier Bell, petitioner, v. Preferred Life Assurance
Society of Montgomery, Alabama, et al. Argument continued by Mr.
Warren E. Miller for the petitioner; by Mr. Richard T. Rives for the
respondent; and concluded by Mr. Warren E. Miller for the petitioner.
No. 18. Thad Benson Carter, petitioner, v. George A. Kubler.
Argued by Mr. Elmer McClain for the petitioner and by Mr. T. W.
Kimber for the respondent.
No. 21. The United States of America, ex rel. Murray Brensilber
et al., etc., petitioners, v. Bausch & Lomb Optical Company et al.
Argument commenced by Mr. William Stanley for the petitioners and
continued by Mr. Whitney North Seymour for respondents, Bausch &
Lomb Optical Co. et al.
Adjourned until tomorrow at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Thursday, October 14, will be as follows: Nos. 21,
23, 27 (and 41), 48, 19, 24, 25, 26, 30, and 33.
☑
554209-43-
-6

THURSDAY, OCTOBER 14, 1943
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
25
Present: The Chief Justice, Mr. Justice Roberts, Mr. Justice Black,
Mr. Justice Reed, Mr. Justice Frankfurter, Mr. Justice Douglas, Mr.
Justice Murphy, Mr. Justice Jackson, and Mr. Justice Rutledge.
Edward Goodell Jennings, of Minneapolis, Minn.; Russell B. Day,
of Cleveland, Ohio; Francis R. Cross, of Baltimore, Md.; Richard L.
Johnston, of Chicago, Ill.; and Lloyd C. Root, of Chicago, Ill., were
admitted to practice.
No. 21. The United States of America, ex rel. Murray Brensilber
et al., etc., petitioners, v. Bausch & Lomb Optical Company et al. Ar-
gument continued by Mr. Whitney North Seymour for the respond-
ents, Bausch & Lomb Optical Co. et al.; by Mr. Raymond M. White
for respondent, Carl Zeiss, Inc.; and concluded by Mr. William
Stanley for the petitioners.
No. 23. General Committee of Adjustment of the Brotherhood of
Locomotive Engineers for the Missouri-Kansas-Texas Railroad, an
unincorporated Association, petitioner, v. Missouri-Kansas-Texas
Railroad Company et al. Argument commenced by Mr. John W.
Madden, Jr., for the petitioner; continued by Mr. Harold C. Heiss
for the respondent, General Grievance Committee of the Brotherhood
of Locomotive Firemen and Engineers; by Mr. Lucien Touchstone
for the respondents, Missouri-Kansas-Texas R. R. Co. et al.; and con-
cluded by Mr. Harold N. McLaughlin for the petitioner.
No. 27. General Committee of Adjustment of the Brotherhood of
Locomotive Engineers for the Pacific Lines of Southern Pacific
Company, petitioner, v. Southern Pacific Company et al; and
No. 41. General Grievance Committee of the Brotherhood of Loco-
motive Firemen and Enginemen, petitioner, v. General Committee of
Adjustment of The Brotherhood of Locomotive Engineers for the
Southern Pacific Lines of Southern Pacific Company, etc., et al.
Argument commenced by Mr. Clarence E. Weisell for the General
Committee of Adjustment of the Brotherhood of Locomotive En-
gineers, etc., and continued by Mr. Burton Mason for the Southern
Pacific Company.
Adjourned until tomorrow at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Friday, October 15, will be as follows: Nos. 27
(and 41), 48, 19, 24, 25, 26, 30, 33, 34 (and 35), and 32.
☑
554209-43--7

FRIDAY, OCTOBER 15, 1943
26
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: The Chief Justice, Mr. Justice Roberts, Mr. Justice Black,
Mr. Justice Reed, Mr. Justice Frankfurter, Mr. Justice Douglas, Mr.
Justice Murphy, Mr. Justice Jackson, and Mr. Justice Rutledge.
John M. Madison, of Shreveport, La.; David Elden Tolman, of
Bountiful, Utah; Charles Morgan Price, of Chicago, Ill.; Hale Boggs,
of New Orleans, La.; R. B. Cannon, of Fort Worth, Tex.; Arthur
O'Quin, of Shreveport, La.; and Matthew Cary Thompson, of Monroe,
La., were admitted to practice.
No. 27. General Committee of Adjustment of the Brotherhood of
Locomotive Engineers for the Pacific Lines of Southern Pacific Com-
pany, etc., petitioner, v. Southern Pacific Company et al.; and
No. 41. General Grievance Committee of the Brotherhood of Loco-
motive Fireman and Enginemen, petitioner, v. General Committee of
Adjustment of the Brotherhood of Locomotive Engineers for the
Southern Pacific Lines of Southern Pacific Company, etc., et al. Ar-
gument continued by Mr. George M. Naus for the General Committee
of Adjustment of the Brotherhood of Locomotive Engineers, etc.;
by Mr. Donald R. Richberg for General Grievance Committee of
the Brotherhood of Locomotive Firemen and Enginemen, and con-
cluded by Mr. Clarence E. Weisell for the General Committee of Ad-
justment of the Brotherhood of Locomotive Engineers, etc.
No. 48. Switchmen's Union of North America, in its own right, etc.,
et al., petitioners, v. National Mediation Board, George A. Cook, et
al. Argued by Mr. Donald R. Richberg for the petitioners; by Mr.
Robert L. Stern for respondent, National Mediation Board; and by
Mr. Bernard M. Savage for respondent, Brotherhood of Railroad
Trainmen.
No. 19. Frank Roberts, petitioner, v. The United States of America.
Argument commenced by Mr. Newton B. Powell for the petitioner.
Argument commenced by Mr. Newton B. Powell for the petitioner.
The day call for Monday, October 18, will be as follows: Nos. 19, 24,
25, 26, 30, 33, 34 (and 35), 32, 40, and 42.
☑
554209-43-8

MONDAY, OCTOBER 18, 1943
27
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: The Chief Justice, Mr. Justice Roberts, Mr. Justice Black,
Mr. Justice Reed, Mr. Justice Frankfurter, Mr. Justice Douglas, Mr.
Justice Murphy, Mr. Justice Jackson, and Mr. Justice Rutledge.
Frank P. Griffee, of Bassett, Nebr.; Hamilton O'Dunne, of Balti-
more, Md.; Edward F. Farrington, of Milwaukee, Wis.; Herbert J.
Hartzog, of Bethlehem, Pa.; Samuel H. Goodman, of Bethlehem, Pa.;
LeDoux R. Provosty, of Alexandria, La.; Burdette J. Daniels, of Los
Angeles, Calif.; Chas. B. Wallace, of Dallas, Tex.; Sol I. Golden, of
Atlanta, Ga.; Bernard C. Mayberry, of Lincoln, Ill.; Benjamin H.
Pester, of Casper, Wyo.; L. Nelson Hayhurst, of Fresno, Calif.; S.
Webster Tull, of Columbus, Ohio; Theo. J. Roche, of San Francisco,
Calif.; and Norbert Korte, of San Francisco, Calif., were admitted to
practice.
The Chief Justice said:
"The orders of the Court appear upon the list certified by the Chief
Justice and filed with the Clerk and will not be announced orally."
No. 61. Harold L. Ickes, Secretary of the Interior, and Dan H.
Wheeler, Director of the Bituminous Coal Division of the Depart-
ment of the Interior, petitioners, v. Associated Industries of New
York State, Inc. On writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of Ap-
peals for the Second Circuit.. Per curiam: This is a proceeding
brought by respondent pursuant to sec. 6 (b) of the Bituminous
Coal Act of 1937, 50 Stat. 85, 15 U. S. C. sec. 836 (b), as amended,
to review an order of the Bituminous Coal Commission prescribing
minimum prices for Minimum Price Area No. 1. We granted
certiorari June 14, 1943, to review an order of the Circuit Court of
Appeals refusing to dismiss the proceeding for want of capacity
of respondent to bring it. Both parties now suggest that the cause
has become moot by reason of the expiration of the Bituminous
Coal Act on August 24, 1943. They disagree as to the proper dis-
position to be made of the cause. The record does not disclose and
we are not informed whether the order of the Commission, which
by its terms became effective on October 1, 1942, remained in effect
between that date and August 24, 1943, or to what extent rights
arose and liabilities and obligations were incurred under the Com-
mission's order during that period, which survive the expiration of
the Act. Accordingly we vacate the order of the Circuit Court of
Appeals and remand the cause to that court for such further pro-
ceedings as may be appropriate.
554209-43-9

MONDAY, OCTOBER 18, 1943
28
No. 155. Bessie Mathews and Lavon Kelley, petitioners, v. State of
West Virginia, ex rel, Lorentz C. Hamilton, Prosecuting Attorney of
Calhoun County. On petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit
Court of Calhoun County, West Virginia. Per curiam: The petition
for writ of certiorari is granted. Subsequent to the decision of the
Supreme Court of Appeals of West Virginia, denying leave to
appeal on the ground that the decree of the Circuit Court of Calhoun
County was "plainly right", this Court in Taylor v. Mississippi,
Benoit v. Mississippi, Cummings v. Mississippi, and West Virginia
State Board of Education v. Barnette, all decided June 14, 1943, con-
sidered questions having a bearing on the issues in the present case.
Accordingly we vacate the judgment and remand the cause to the
Circuit Court of Calhoun County for further consideration in the
light of our decisions in those cases. New York, ex rel. Whitman v.
Wilson, 318 U. S. 688, 690–91, and cases cited.
No. 278. Menza B. Grace, appellant, v. The Board of Commission-
ers of the State Bar of Alabama. Appeal from the Supreme Court of
Alabama. Per curiam: The appeal is dismissed for the want of a
substantial federal question. Ex parte Burr, 9 Wheat. 528, 530;
Ex parte Secombe, 19 How. 9, 13; Ex parte Robinson, 19 Wall. 505,
512; Selling v. Radford, 243 U. S. 46, 49.
No. 2. The United States of America, appellant, v. Aluminum
Company of America, et al.; and
No. 6. The North American Company, petitioner, v. Securities and
Exchange Commission. As four Justices have disqualified them-
selves from participating in the decision in each of these cases, the
Court is unable to make final disposition of them because of the
absence of a quorum of six Justices as prescribed by 28 U. S. C. sec.
321. These cases will accordingly be transferred to a special docket
and all further proceedings in them postponed in each case until
such time as there is a quorum of Justices qualified to sit in it,
when it will be restored to the regular docket for such further pro-
ceedings as may be appropriate.
No.
-.
No.
denied.
Ex parte Earle Golden, petitioner; and
Ex parte Ralph Barton Butz, petitioner. Applications
No. Ex parte Daisy D. Wilson, petitioner;
-.
No. Ex parte Oliver Gobin, petitioner;
―.
No. Ex parte Robert L. Peyton, petitioner; and
1.
No. Ex parte Forrest Holiday, petitioner. The motions for
-.
leave to file petitions for writs of mandamus are denied.
No. Ex parte Charles Abernathy, petitioner;
-
No. Ex parte Dexter C. Dayton, petitioner;
-

MONDAY, OCTOBER 18, 1943
29
No. Ex parte Frederick T. Hansen and Sam Bonjiorno, pe-
titoners;
No.
No.
Ex parte Floyd J. Kesling, petitioner;
Ex parte Louis Burall, petitioner;
No. Ex parte Oliver Gobin, petitioner;
-.
No.. Ex parte Peter J. C. Donnelly, petitioner;
No. Ex parte Alfred Maurice, petitioner;
No. Ex parte Sol Goldsmith, petitioner;
―.
No. Ex parte Paul Davis, petitioner;
No.. Ex parte Robert Hutto, petitioner;
No. Ex parte Alfred Friters, petitioner;
No. Ex parte Wilfred Doza, petitioner;
No.
No.
-
-.
―.
-.
Ex parte R. J. Hughes, petitioner; and
Ex parte John Russell Miller, petitioner. Motions for
leave to file petitions for writs of habeas corpus.
The applications are severally denied.
In these cases petitioners invoke the exercise of the jurisdiction
conferred on this Court by 28 U. S. C. sections 377, 451, to issue
writs of habeas corpus in aid of its appellate jurisdiction. Cf. Ex
parte Peru, 318 U. S. 578, 582–3. That jurisdiction is discretionary,
id. 584; Bowen v. Johnston, 306 U. S. 19, 27, and this Court does
not, save in exceptional circumstances, exercise it in cases where an
adequate remedy may be had in a lower federal court, Ex parte
Current, 314 U. S. 578; Ex parte Spaulding, 317 U. S. 593; Ex parte
Hawk, 318 U. S. 746, or, if the relief sought is from the judgment of
a state court, where the petitioner has not exhausted his remedies
in the state courts, Mooney v. Holohan, 294 U. S. 103, 115; Ex parte
Botwinski, 314 U. S. 586; Ex parte Davis, 317 U. S. 592, 318 U. S.
412; Ex parte Williams, 317 U. S. 604. Refusal of the writ, with-
out more, is not an adjudication on the merits and is to be taken as
without prejudice to an application to any other court for the relief
sought.
No. 11, Original. The State of Illinois, complainant, v. The State
of Indiana et al. The motion for leave to file bill of complaint is
granted and process is ordered to issue returnable December 20,
next.
No. 34. Federal Power Commission et al., petitioners, v. Hope
Natural Gas Company; and
No. 35. City of Cleveland, petitioner, v. Hope Natural Gas Com-
pany. The motion of Cities Service Gas Company for leave to
file a brief as amicus curiae is granted.
No. 34. Federal Power Commission et al., petitioners, v. Hope
Natural Gas Company; and

MONDAY, OCTOBER 18, 1943
30
No. 35. City of Cleveland, petitioner, v. Hope Natural Gas Com-
pany. The motion of the State of West Virginia for leave to parti-
cipate in the oral argument as amicus curiae is granted.
No. 38. Colgate-Palmolive-Peet Company, petitioner, v. The United
States of America; and
No. 39. Colgate-Palmolive-Peet Company, petitioner, v. The United
States of America. The motion of the petitioner to remove these
cases from the summary docket is denied.
No. 252. J. Howell Flournoy, Sheriff, etc., appellant, v. Samuel G.
Wiener et al. In view of the Act of August 24, 1937, 28 U. S. C.
section 401, the Court hereby certifies to the Attorney General of
the United States that the constitutionality of Section 402 (b) (2)
of the Revenue Act of 1942, is drawn in question in this case.
No. 316. The Hecht Company, petitioner, v. Prentiss M. Brown,
Price Administrator, etc. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
United States Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia
granted.
No. 232. J. M. Sartor et al., petitioners, v. Arkansas Natural Gas
Corporation. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court
of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit granted.
No. 262. The Goodyear Tire & Rubber Company, Inc., et al., peti-
tioners, v. Ray-O-Vac Company. Petition for writ of certiorari to
the Circuit Court of Appeals for the Seventh Circuit granted.
No. 343. The Order of Railroad Telegraphers, petitioner, v. Rail-
way Express Agency, Incorporated. Petition for writ of certiorari
to the Circuit Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit granted and the
case assigned for argument immediately following No. 28.
No. 201. Trojan Powder Company, petitioner, v. National Labor
Relations Board. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court
of Appeals for the Third Circuit denied.
No. 334. National Labor Relations Board, petitioner, v. American
Tube Bending Co., Inc. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit
Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit denied.
No. 293. A. F. Brooks, doing business as East Side Ice and Fuel
Company, et al., petitioners, v. State Farm Mutual Automobile In-
surance Company. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit
Court of Appeals for the Eighth Circuit denied.
No. 298. C. A. Roberts, petitioner, v. The United States of America.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of Appeals for
the Fourth Circuit denied.
No. 306. H. V. Watkins, Sr., et al., Executors of the Estate of
Richard Howard Green, deceased, et al., petitioners, v. Eugene Fly,

MONDAY, OCTOBER 18, 1943
31
Collector of Internal Revenue, etc. Petition for writ of certiorari to
the Circuit Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 309. Werner Von Clemm, petitioner, v. The United States of
America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of
Appeals for the Second Circuit denied.
No. 313. George W. Green et al., petitioners, v. City of Stuart,
Florida. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of
Appeals for the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 314. Pauline A. Selser et al., petitioners, v. City of Stuart et al.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of Appeals for the
Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 315. Nat Rogan, as United States Collector of Internal Revenue
at Los Angeles, California, petitioner, v. Samson Tire & Rubber Cor-
poration. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of
Appeals for the Ninth Circuit denied.
No. 319. William Davies Co., Inc., petitioner, v. National Labor
Relations Board. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court
of Appeals for the Seventh Circuit denied.
No. 321. The Norstrand Corporation and Leif Norstrand, peti-
tioners, v. The United States of America. Petition for writ of
certiorari to the Circuit Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit
denied.
No. 322. Attillio Semerio, Fred Fattor, et al., petitioners, v. Theo-
dore Rosenberg, Gussie Rosenberg, et al., etc.;
No. 323. Attillio Semerio, Fred Fattor, et al., petitioners, v. Theo-
dore Rosenberg, Gussie Rosenberg, et al., etc.; and
No. 324. Attillio Semerio, Fred Fattor, et al., petitioners, v. Theo-
dore Rosenberg, Gussie Rosenberg, et al., etc. Petition for writs of
certiorari to the Circuit Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit
denied.
No. 325. New England Fish Company of Oregon, a corporation,
et al., petitioners, v. Margaret Meyer, Administratrix of the estate of
Ernest Kruse, deceased, et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
Circuit Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit denied.
No. 327. Mrs. Reginald Reichman, petitioner, v. Compagnie Gen-
erale Transatlantique. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court
of Appeals of New York denied.
No. 330. G. T. Fogle & Company, petitioner, v. The United States
of America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court
of Appeals for the Fourth Circuit denied.
No. 331. Pennington Engineering Company, petitioner, v. Houde
Engineering Corporation. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
Circuit Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit denied.

MONDAY, OCTOBER 18, 1943
32
No. 333. Earl Moore, petitioner, v. Illinois Central Railroad Com-
pany. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of Ap-
peals for the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 341. Amos S. Marchus, petitioner, v. Otto C. Druge and
Dan O. Druge, copartners, etc. Petition for writ of certiorari to
the Circuit Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit denied.
No. 342. Jacksonville Paper Company, petitioner, v. National
Labor Relations Board. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
Circuit Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 88. Mrs. Leslie F. Slade et al., petitioners, v. Shell Oil Com-
pany, Inc., et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court
of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 214. Gilcrease Oil Company, petitioner, v. G. M. Cosby et al.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of Appeals for
the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 222. Seneca Coal and Coke Company, petitioner, v. Milo Loftin.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of Appeals for
the Tenth Circuit denied.
No. 250. Leland Stanford Junior University and Elmer H. Shine,
petitioners, v. The National Supply Company. Petition for writ
of certiorari to the Circuit Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit
denied.
No. 282. Jack Liss and Frank Conte, petitioners, v. The United
States of America;
No. 283. Charles Londoner, petitioner, v. The United States of
America;
No. 284. I. David Cohen and Huel's Chemists, Inc., petitioners, v.
The United States of America;
No. 285. Alfred Mainella, petitioner, v. The United States of
America;
No. 286. Al N. Fox and Max Fox, petitioners, v. The United States
of America; and
No. 287. David Lowenstein, petitioner, v. The United States of
America. Petition for writs of certiorari to the Circuit Court of
Appeals for the Second Circuit denied.
No. 296. Charles J. Mach, debtor, petitioner, v. The Abbott Com-
pany. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of Appeals
for the Eighth Circuit denied.
No. 301. Radiant Point Pen Corporation, petitioner, v. C. Howard
Hunt Pen Company. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit
Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit denied.

MONDAY, OCTOBER 18, 1943
33
No. 103. Ralph Rea, Mary Boland, et al., petitioners, v. William B.
Devanney, Lulu Devanney, et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to
the Supreme Court of Ohio denied.
No. 326. Inland Overseas Steamship Corporation, petitioner, v.
Polar Steamship Corporation. The motion to proceed on the type-
written record is granted. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
Circuit Court of Appeals for the Fourth Circuit denied.
No. 113. Thomas Emmett, petitioner, v. The State of Georgia. The
motion to proceed on typewritten papers is granted. Petition for
writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Georgia denied.
No. 347. George Wilbur Smith, petitioner, v. P. J. Squier, Warden,
etc. On petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of Ap-
peals for the Ninth Circuit; and
etc.
No. 348. Robert Redus, petitioner, v. Pitt Williams, as Warden,
On petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of
Alabama. The motions for leave to proceed in forma pauperis are
granted. The petitions for writs of certiorari are denied.
No. 161. Paul S. Campbell, petitioner, v. The State of Missouri.
The motion for leave to proceed in forma pauperis is granted. The
motion to strike the respondent's brief is denied. Petition for writ
of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Missouri denied.
No. 1034, October Term, 1942. James Allen, alias James Robert
Allen, etc., petitioner, v. The United States of America. Second
petition for rehearing and "for vacating of judgment" denied.
No. 167. Edgar Flowers, petitioner, v. The State of Florida. Peti-
tion for rehearing denied.
The Court will take a recess from Monday, October 25, until
Monday, November 8, next.
No. 19. Frank Roberts, petitioner, v. The United States of America.
Argument continued by Mr. Newton B. Powell for the petitioner
and concluded by Mr. Paul A. Freund for the respondent.
No. 24. Securities and Exchange Commission, petitioner v. C. M.
Joiner Leasing Corporation and C. N. Joiner. Argued by Mr. John
F. Davis for the petitioner and by Mr. David A. Frank for the
respondent.
No. 25. The Hunter Company, Inc., appellant, v. Joseph L. Mc-
Hugh, Commissioner of Conservation of the State of Louisiana,
et al. Motion to dismiss submitted by Mr. Arthur O'Quinn for
appellee, Southern Production Company, Inc. Argued on the

MONDAY, OCTOBER 18, 1943
34
motion to dismiss by Mr. Arthur O'Quinn for appellee, Southern
Production Company, in support of the motion and by Mr. John
M. Madison for the appellant in opposition thereto. Argument on
the merits commenced by Mr. Joe T. Cawthorn for the appellant;
continued by Mr. John M. Madison for the appellant; and by Mr.
George H. Wilson for appellee, Joseph L. McHugh, Commissioner,
etc.
Adjourned until tomorrow at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Tuesday, October 19, will be as follows: Nos. 25,
26, 30, 33, 34 (and 35), 32, 40, 42, 36 (and 37), and 38 (and 39).
☑

Al
TUESDAY, OCTOBER 19, 1943
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
35
Present: The Chief Justice, Mr. Justice Roberts, Mr. Justice Black,
Mr. Justice Reed, Mr. Justice Frankfurter, Mr. Justice Douglas, Mr.
Justice Murphy, Mr. Justice Jackson, and Mr. Justice Rutledge.
Thomas Patrick Hanagan, of New York City; Harold A. Scragg,
of Scranton, Pa.; Clyde B. Macdonald, of Akron, Ohio; Horace P.
Luckett, of Washington, D. C.; Irene Kuckinskas, of Chicago, Ill.;
and William Wallace Goldsmith, of Charleston, W. Va., were ad-
mitted to practice.
No. 4. J. Oliver Hill, Administrator, etc., petitioner, v. Francis L.
Hawes, Individually, etc. The motion of petitioner to print an abbre-
viated record is granted. The motion of respondent designating addi-
țional matter for printing is also granted and it is ordered that those
portions of the record designated for printing by either party be
printed, without prejudice to the authority of the Court to make such
order as to costs as it may deem proper, if it appears that the respond-
ent has caused unnecessary parts of the record to be printed.
No. 25. The Hunter Company, Inc., appellant, v. Joseph L. Mc-
Hugh, Commissioner of Conservation of the State of Louisiana, et al.
Argument continued by Mr. George A. Wilson and Mr. T. Hale Boggs
for appellee, Joseph L. McHugh, Commissioner, etc., and concluded
by Mr. John M. Madison for the appellant.
No. 26. Irene Brady, Administratrix, etc., petitioner, v. Southern
Railway Company. Argued by Mr. Welch Jordan and Mr. D. E.
Hudgins for the petitioner and by Mr. Sidney S. Alderman for the
respondent.
No. 30. Merchants National Bank of Boston, Executor, petitioner,
v. Commissioner of Internal Revenue. Argued by Mr. Edward C.
Thayer for the petitioner and by Mr. Arnold Raum for the respondent.
No. 33. Northwest Airlines, Inc., petitioner, v. State of Minnesota.
Argument commenced by Mr. Michael J. Doherty for the petitioner.
Adjourned until tomorrow at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Wednesday, October 20, will be as follows: Nos.
33, 34 (and 35), 32, 40, 42, 36 (and 37), 38 (and 39), 43, and 29.
Х
554209-43--10

WEDNESDAY, OCTOBER 20, 1943
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
36
Present: The Chief Justice, Mr. Justice Roberts, Mr. Justice
Black, Mr. Justice Reed, Mr. Justice Frankfurter, Mr. Justice
Douglas, Mr. Justice Murphy, Mr. Justice Jackson, and Mr. Justice
Rutledge.
Edward J. de Verges, of New Orleans, La.; John Willard Martin,
of Washington, D. C.; Walter J. Milde, of Cleveland, Ohio; Glen
McCarty, of Portland, Oreg.; and Herber C. Leney, of Oklahoma
City, Okla., were admitted to practice.
No. 29. Magnolia Petroleum Company et al., petitioners, v. Sullivan
H. Hunt. Submitted by Mr. Homer Hendricks and Mr. Cullen R.
Liskow for the petitioners and by Mr. Sullivan H. Hunt, pro se.
No. 33. Northwest Airlines, Inc., petitioner, v. State of Minnesota.
Argument continued by Mr. Michael J. Doherty for the petitioner ;
by Mr. Andrew R. Bratter for the respondent; and concluded by
Mr. George S. Sjoselius for the respondent.
No. 34. Federal Power Commission et al., petitioners, v. Hope
Natural Gas Company; and
No. 35. City of Cleveland, petitioner, v. Hope Natural Gas Com-
pany. Four and one-half hours allowed for oral argument. Argu-
ment commenced by Mr. Assistant Attorney General Shea for
petitioners in No. 34; continued by Mr. Spencer W. Reeder for the
petitioner in No. 35; and by Mr. William B. Cockley for the
respondent.
Adjourned until tomorrow at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Thursday, October 21, will be as follows: Nos. 34
(and 35), 32, 40, 42, 36 (and 37), and 38 (and 39).
Х
554209-43-
3-11

THURSDAY, OCTOBER 21, 1943
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
37
Present: The Chief Justice, Mr. Justice Roberts, Mr. Justice Black,
Mr. Justice Reed, Mr. Justice Frankfurter, Mr. Justice Douglas, Mr.
Justice Murphy, Mr. Justice Jackson, and Mr. Justice Rutledge.
Frank C. Brooks, of Dallas, Tex.; Harry M. Montgomery, of Pitts-
burgh, Pa.; Urbano A. Zafra, of Washington, D. C.; Thomas W.
Conely, Jr., of Okeechobee, Fla.; Joseph Peyton Lea, Jr., of Orlando,
Fla.; Willis T. Pierson, of New York City; Martin A. Fromer, of
New York City; Thomas Chalmers Buchanan, of Beaver, Pa.; Amos
W. Jackson, of Versailles, Ind., and Leo E. Sherman, of New York
City, were admitted to practice.
No. 34. Federal Power Commission et al., petitioners, v. Hope Nat-
tural Gas Company; and
No. 35. City of Cleveland, petitioner, v. Hope Natural Gas Com-
pany. Argument continued by Mr. William B. Cockley for the re-
spondent; by Mr. M. M. Neeley for the State of West Virginia, as
amicus curiae by special leave of Court; and concluded by Mr.
Spencer W. Reeder for the petitioner in No. 35.
No. 32. Consumers Import Co., Inc., et al., petitioners, v. Kabushiki
Kaisha Kawasaki Zosenjo et al. Argued by Mr. T. Catesby Jones
for the petitioners and by Mr. George C. Sprague for the respondents.
Leave granted respondent to file a supplemental brief.
No. 40. Midstate Horticultural Co., Inc., petitioner, v. The Penn-
sylvania Railroad Company. Argument commenced by Mr. Theo.
J. Roche for the petitioner.
Adjourned until tomorrow at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Friday, October 22, will be as follows: Nos.
40, 42, 36 (and 37), and 38 (and 39).
554209-43--12

FRIDAY, OCTOBER 22, 1943
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
38
Present: The Chief Justice, Mr. Justice Roberts, Mr. Justice Black,
Mr. Justice Reed, Mr. Justice Frankfurter, Mr. Justice Douglas, Mr.
Justice Murphy, Mr. Justice Jackson, and Mr. Justice Rutledge.
G. A. Connatser, of Knoxville, Tenn.; Seymour D. Lewis, of New
York City; Earl Ramage Lewis, of Saint Clairsville, Ohio; and Blev-
ins C. Dunklin, of Bronxville, N. Y., were admitted to practice.
No. 40. Midstate Horticultural Co., Inc., petitioner, v. The Penn-
sylvania Railroad Company. Argument continued by Mr. Theo. J.
Roche for the petitioner; by Mr. John Dickinson for the respondent;
and concluded by Mr. Theo. J. Roche for the petitioner.
No. 42. W. J. Meredith, James G. Martin, et al., petitioners, v. The
City of Winter Haven. Argument commenced by Mr. D. C. Hull for
the petitioners; continued by Mr. Giles J. Patterson for the respond-
ent; and concluded by Mr. John L. Graham for the petitioners.
Adjourned until Monday, October 25, at 12 o'clock.
554209-43--13

MONDAY, OCTOBER 25, 1943
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
39
Present: The Chief Justice, Mr. Justice Roberts, Mr. Justice Black,
Mr. Justice Reed, Mr. Justice Frankfurter, Mr. Justice Douglas, Mr.
Justice Murphy, Mr. Justice Jackson, and Mr. Justice Rutledge.
Daniel B. Bryan, Jr., of Wake Forest, N. C.; Robert Ross Michener,
of Bridgeport, Ohio; Edward S. Nelson, of Olympia, Wash.; A. G.
Lancione, of Bellaire, Ohio; Chester C. Sedgwick, of Bellaire, Ohio;
Jesse Frank Nicholson, of Chevy Chase, Md.; Morris M. Schnitzer,
of Newark, N. J.; Leroy Money Adams, of Jackson, Miss.; Joseph S.
Brock, of Washington, D: C.; Paul L. Bleakley, of Yonkers, N. Y.;
John J. Broderick, of Yonkers, N. Y.; George Cutler, of Hartford,
Conn.; David Findling, of New York City; Jacob I. Karro, of New
York City; Maurice R. Kraines, of Chicago, Ill.; and Malcolm A..
Hoffmann, of New York City, were admitted to practice.
The Chief Justice announced the following orders of the Court:
No. 360. W. E. Callison, appellant, v. The State of Texas. Appeal
from the Court of Civil Appeals, 8th Supreme Judicial District, State
of Texas. Per curiam: The appeal is dismissed for the want of a
substantial federal question. Ah Sin v. Wittman, 198 U. S. 500, 505;
Marvin v. Trout, 199 U. S. 212, 224; cf. Federal Trade Commission
v. Keppel & Bros., 291 U. S. 304.
No. 368. Riss & Company, Inc., appellant, v. The United States of
America and Interstate Commerce Commission. Appeal from the
District Court of the United States for the Northern District of
Oklahoma. Per curiam: The motion to affirm is granted and the
judgment is affirmed on the authority of Gregg Cartage Co. v.
United States, 316 U. S. 74. Dissenting: Mr. Justice Black and Mr.
Justice Douglas.
The Chief Justice said:
"The other orders of the Court appear upon the list certified by the
Chief Justice and filed with the Clerk and will not be announced
orally."
No.. Ex parte Arthur Doyle, petitioner;
No. Ex parte Oral S. Evenson, petitioner;
-
No.. Ex parte Louis T. McConnell, petitioner; and
554209-43——14

-
MONDAY, OCTOBER 25, 1943
40
No. Ex parte Chesteen McConnell, petitioner. The motions for
leave to file petitions for writs of habeas corpus are denied.
-.
No. Ex parte Mars, Incorporated, petitioner. The motion for
leave to file the petition for writ of mandamus is denied without con-
sideration of the merits and without prejudice to its presentation to
the Circuit Court of Appeals for the Eighth Circuit, as is deemed to be
the more appropriate procedure. Ex parte Peru, 318 U. S. 578, 584,
and cases cited; Ex parte Fred Benioff Co., 317 U. S. 594. Proceed-
ings before the Special Master will be stayed for ten days to afford
petitioner an opportunity to present its petition to the Circuit Court
of Appeals.
No.
-
George Washington James, petitioner, v. State of Florida.
Petition for stay of execution denied.
No. 345. Emanuel Pollock, appellant, v. H. T. Williams, as Sheriff
of Brevard County, Florida. In this case probable jurisdiction is
noted and the case is transferred to the summary docket.
No. 354. The United States of America, appellant, v. South-Eastern
Underwriters Association et al. In this case probable jurisdiction is
noted and the case is set for argument immediately following No. 226.
No. 355. International Harvester Company and International Har-
vester Company of America, appellants, v. Department of Treasury
of the State of Indiana et al.;
No. 384. Cornell Steamboat Company, appellant, v. The United
States of America et al.; and
No. 385. Boston Towboat Company, appellant, v. The United States
of America et al. In these cases probable jurisdiction is noted.
No. 417. The United States of America et al., appellants, v. County
of Allegheny, Pennsylvania. Further consideration of the question
of the jurisdiction of this Court in this case is postponed to the hear-
ing of the case on the merits.
No. 336. National Labor Relations Board, petitioner, v. Hearst
Publications, Incorporated;
No. 337. National Labor Relations Board, petitioner, v. Stock-
holders Publishing Company, Inc.;
No. 338. National Labor Relations Board, petitioner, v. Hearst
Publications, Incorporated; and
No. 339. National Labor Relations Board, petitioner, v. The Times-
Mirror Company. Petition for writs of certiorari to the Circuit
Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit granted.
No. 311. Murray B. McLeod, Commissioner of Revenues of the
State of Arkansas, petitioner, v. J. E. Dilworth Company and Reich-
man-Crosby Company. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Su-
preme Court of Arkansas granted.

MONDAY, OCTOBER 25, 1943
41
No. 391. E. E. Ashcraft and John Ware, petitioners, v. State of
Tennessee. The motion for leave to proceed in forma pauperis is
granted. The petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court
of Tennessee is granted.
No. 247. William T. Reid, petitioner, v. The United States of
America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of
Appeals for the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 320. United States Gypsum Company, petitioner, v. Prentiss
M. Brown, Price Administrator. Petition for writ of certiorari to
the United States Emergency Court of Appeals denied.
No. 344. C. F. Moody, petitioner, v. Claude R. Wickard, Secretary
of Agriculture, etc.. et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
United States Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia de-
nied.
No. 346. Washington Brewers Institute, a corporation, et al., peti-
tioners, v. The United States of America. Petition for writ of cer-
tiorari to the Circuit Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit denied.
No. 350. Public Service Company of Oklahoma, a corporation,
petitioner, v. Joe T. Parkinson, County Treasurer of Tulsa County,
Oklahoma. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of
Oklahoma denied.
No. 351. Clarence H. Rayno et al., petitioners, v. The United States
of America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of
Appeals for the First Circuit denied.
No. 353. Harold Christoffel and Allis-Chalmers Workers Union,
Local No. 248, etc., et al., petitioners, v. The Wisconsin Employment
Relations Board et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme
Court of Wisconsin denied.
No. 357. Marine Engineers' Beneficial Association Local No. 33,
petitioner, v. National Labor Relations Board. Petition for writ
of certiorari to the Circuit Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit
denied.
No. 358. Cosgrove-Meehan Coal Corporation et al., petitioners, v.
Maurice P. Angland et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Cir-
cuit Court of Appeals for the Third Circuit denied.
No. 364. J. H. Smith Richardson and Lunsford Richardson, Jr.,
Executors, etc., et al., petitioners, v. Robert R. King, Sr., et al., etc.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of Appeals for the
Fourth Circuit denied.
No. 365. Metropolitan Life Insurance Company, petitioner, v.
Adrian Ettelson et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit
Court of Appeals for the Third Circuit denied.

MONDAY, OCTOBER 25, 1943
42
No. 370. Edith Henry Barbour, petitioner, v. Commissioner of
Internal Revenue. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit
Court of Appeals for the Sixth Circuit denied.
No. 373. Ladoga Canning Company, petitioner, v. The United
States of America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit
Court of Appeals for the Sixth Circuit denied.
No. 378. The Glemby Co., Inc., et al., petitioners, v. Monogram
Manufacturing Co. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit
Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit denied.
No. 379. Joe Degnan, petitioner, v. Commissioner of Internal Reve-
nue. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of Appeals
for the Ninth Circuit denied.
No. 383. Joseph William Letourneau and Marcellene F. Letour-
neau, petitioners, v. Commercial Merchants National Bank and Trust
Company of Peoria. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit
Court of Appeals for the Seventh Circuit denied.
No. 312. Murray B. McLeod, Commissioner of Revenues of the
State of Arkansas, petitioner, v. Binswanger and Company. Peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Arkansas denied
for want of a final judgment.
No. 280. Charles DeJordan, petitioner, v. Walter A. Hunter,
Warden, etc. The motion for leave to proceed in forma pauperis is
granted. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of
Appeals for the Tenth Circuit is denied. The motion for leave to
file petition for writ of habeas corpus is also denied.
No. 382. Andy Vanover, petitioner, v. O. H. Cox, Warden, etc.
The motion for leave to proceed in forma pauperis is granted. The
petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of Appeals for the
Eighth Circuit is denied on the ground that the cause is moot, it
appearing that petitioner is no longer in the respondent's custody.
No. 328. Isaac Irwin, petitioner, v. R. H. Lawrence, Warden. On
petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Georgia;
No. 335. Wildon Lloyd, petitioner, v. United States Fidelity &
Guaranty Company. On petition for writ of certiorari to the Mu-
nicipal Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia;
No. 376. James Widmer, petitioner, v. James A. Johnston, Warden,
United States Penitentiary, Alcatraz, California. On petition for
writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of Appeals for the Ninth Cir-
cuit. The motions for leave to proceed in forma pauperis are granted.
The petitions for writs of certiorari are denied.
-
No. 302. Sylvester Andrews, petitioner, v. The State of Georgia.
The motion for leave to proceed in forma pauperis is granted. The
petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Georgia is

MONDAY, OCTOBER 25, 1943
43
denied. Mr. Justice Murphy is of the opinion that certiorari should
be granted.
-
No. Theodore Bentz, appellant, v. State of Michigan. Peti-
tion for rehearing denied.
No. 184. Harvey S. Cover, petitioner, v. Chicago Eye Shield Com-
pany. Petition for rehearing denied.
Adjourned until Monday, November 8, next, at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Monday, November 8, will be as follows: Nos. 36
(and 37), 38 (and 39), 44 (45, 46, and 47), 49 (and 50), 43, 28,
343, 51, 53, and 31.
Х

MONDAY, NOVEMBER 8, 1943
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
44
Present: The Chief Justice, Mr. Justice Roberts, Mr. Justice Black,
Mr. Justice Reed, Mr. Justice Frankfurter, Mr. Justice Douglas, Mr.
Justice Murphy, Mr. Justice Jackson, and Mr. Justice Rutledge.
William G. McRae, of Atlanta, Ga.; Victor P. Keay, of St. Louis,
Mo.; Ray A. Brown, of Washington, D. C.; George D. Spohn, of
Milwaukee, Wis.; Henry M. Evans, of Gloucester City, N. J.; Wesley
A. Dierberger, of Great Falls, Mont.; Charles Walter Nyquist, of St.
Paul, Minn.; Monroe I. Katcher II, of New York City; William L.
Prosser, of Minneapolis, Minn.; Geo. C. Kemble, of Fort Worth, Tex.;
John W. Michael, of Milwaukee, Wis.; Raymond C. Stoecker, of Chi-
cago, Ill.; Charles F. Meroni, of Chicago, Ill.; Paul E. Mathias, of
Chicago, Ill.; Ellen E. O'Neil, of New York City; James H. Shelton,
of Washington, D. C.; Lawrence R. Condon, of New York City;
Arthur D. Shores, of Birmingham, Ala.; and Lindsay Pratt Walden,
of Fort Worth, Tex., were admitted to practice.
No. 32. Consumers Import Co., Inc., et al., petitioners, v. Kabushiki
Kaisha Kawasaki Zosenjo and Kawasaki Kisen Kabushiki Kaisha.
On writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of Appeals for the Second
Circuit. Judgment affirmed with costs, and cause remanded to the
District Court of the United States for the Southern District of New
York. Opinion by Mr. Justice Jackson.
No. 18. That Benson Carter, petitioner, v. George A. Kubler. On
writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the
Sixth Circuit. Judgment affirmed with costs and cause remanded to
the District Court of the United States for the Northern Distric of
Ohio. Opinion by Mr. Jusice Murphy.
No. 17. James Lanier Bell, petitioner, v. Preferred Life Assurance
Society of Montgomery, Alabama, et al. On writ of certiorari to
the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit.
Judgment reversed with costs and cause remanded to the District
Court of the United States for the Middle District of Alabama for
further proceedings in conformity with the opinion of this Court.
Opinion by Mr. Justice Black.
No. 371. United States of America, ex rel. Gene McCann, peti-
tioner, v. William A. Adams, Warden, etc., et al. On petition for
554209-43-15

MONDAY, NOVEMBER 8, 1943
45
writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of Appeals for the Second
Circuit. Motion for leave to proceed in forma pauperis granted.
Petition for writ of certiorari granted. Judgment reversed and
cause remanded to the District Court of the United States for the
Southern District of New York for further proceedings not incon-
sistent with the opinion of this Court. Opinion, per curiam, an-
nounced by Mr. Chief Justice Stone. Dissenting: Mr. Justice Jack-
son.
No. 25. The Hunter Company, Inc., appellant, v. Joseph L. Mc-
Hugh, Commissioner of Conservation of the State of Louisiana, et
al. Appeal from the Supreme Court of the State of Louisiana.
Appeal dismissed for want of a properly presented substantial federal
question. Opinion, per curiam, announced by Mr. Chief Justice
Stone.
No. 42. W. J. Meredith, James G. Martin, and A. R. Ohmart, peti-
tioners, v. The City of Winter Haven. On writ of certiorari to
the Circuit Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit. Judgment
reversed with costs and cause remanded to the Circuit Court of
Appeals for further proceedings in conformity with the opinion of
this Court. Opinion by Mr. Chief Justice Stone. Dissenting: Mr.
Justice Black and Mr. Justice Jackson.
The Chief Justice announced the following orders of the Court:
No. 438. Mart Gilmore, appellant, v. The State of New Mexico.
Appeal from the Supreme Court of New Mexico. Per curiam: The
appeal is dismissed for the want of a substantial federal question.
Hoke v. United States, 227 U. S. 308, 324; Berger v. United States,
295 U. S. 78, 82.
No. 412. Harold Kramer, appellant, v. The State of Ohio. Appeal
from the Supreme Court of Ohio. Per Curiam: The motion for leave
to file statement as to jurisdiction is granted. The motion to dis-
miss is granted and the appeal is dismissed for the want of a sub-
stantial federal question. McNaughton v. Johnson, 242 U. S. 344,
348-9; Graves v. Minnesota, 272 U. S. 425, 428; Roschen v. Ward, 279
U. S. 337, 339-40; Semler v. Board of Dental Examiners, 294 U. S.
608, 611. The petition for writ of certiorari is denied.
No. 21. The United States of America, ex rel. Murray Brensilber,
et al., etc., petitioners, v. Bausch & Lomb Optical Company, Carl
Zeiss, Inc., et al. On writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of Appeals
for the Second Circuit. Per curiam: Judgment affirmed by an equally
divided Court. Mr. Justice Jackson took no part in the consideration
or decision of this case.

MONDAY, NOVEMBER 8, 1943
The Chief Justice said:
46
"The other orders of the Court appear upon the list certified by the
Chief Justice and filed with the Clerk and will not be announced
orally."
No. Ex parte Albert O. Hegney, petitioner;'
No. Ex parte William Ira Jenkins, petitioner; and
No.. Ex parte John O. Story, petitioner. Applications denied.
No. Ex parte Mary A. Ruthven, petitioner; and
-.
No. Ex parte Stanley B. Peplowski, petitioner. The motions
for leave to file petitions for writs of habeas corpus are denied.
-
No. Daisy D. Wilson, petitioner, v. Ralph S. Hinman. The
motion for leave to file petition for writ of mandamus is denied.
No. 10, original. The United States of America, complainant, v.
The State of Louisiana et al. The transcript of testimony is received
and ordered to be filed. The Commissioner having waived compen-
sation, his expenses of $70.00 are approved and directed to be paid by
the United States and to be charged as costs.
No. 51. Lonnie E. Smith, petitioner, v. S. E. Allwright, Election
Judge, et al. The motions of American Civil Liberties Union and
National Lawyers Guild for leave to file briefs as amici curiae are
granted.
No. 211. Delbert O. Stark, A. F. Stratton, et al., petitioners, v.
Claude R. Wickard, Secretary of Agriculture of the United States.
The motion of petitioners to join Marvin Jones, War Food Adminis-
trator, as a party respondent is granted.
No. 317. Crites, Incorporated, petitioner, v. Prudential Insurance
Company of America et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
Circuit Court of Appeals for the Sixth Circuit granted.
No. 362. Augustus P. Norton, Deputy Commissioner etc., petitioner,
v. Warner Company. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit
Court of Appeals for the Third Circuit granted.
No. 381. The United States of America, petitioner, v. American
Surety Company. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court
of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit granted and the case transferred to
the summary docket.
No. 366. The United States of America, petitioner, v. Jasper
White. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of Appeals
for the Third Circuit granted.
No. 388. City of Coral Gables, Florida, petitioner, v. Ed. C.
Wright, Doing business as Ed. C. Wright & Company, etc., et al.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of Appeals for the
Fifth Circuit granted.

MONDAY, NOVEMBER 8, 1943
47
No. 396. Fred M. Vinson, Director of Economic Stabilization, etc.,
et al., petitioners, v. Washington Gas Light Company et al. Petition
for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the
District of Columbia granted.
No. 374. Albert Yakus, petitioner, v. The United States of Amer-
ica; and
No. 375. Benjamin Rottenberg et al., petitioners, v. The United
States of America. Petitions for writs of certiorari to the Circuit
Court of Appeals for the First Circuit granted and the cases are con-
solidated for argument.
No. 406. Anthony Cramer, petitioner, v. The United States of
America. The motion for leave to proceed in forma pauperis is
granted. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of Ap-
peals for the Second Circuit granted. The Court directs that the
expense of printing the record be paid by the United States pursuant
to 28 U. S. C., sec. 832.
No. 387. Prudential Insurance Company of America et al., peti-
tioners, v. Crites, Incorporated. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
Circuit Court of Appeals for the Sixth Circuit denied.
No. 340. John O. Murray, petitioner, v. Buster Ned, a minor, et al.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of Appeals for the
Tenth Circuit denied.
No. 352. Consolidated Freightways, Inc., petitioner v. The United
States of America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court
of Appeals for the Eighth Circuit denied.
No. 377. Nathan Goldsmith et al., petitioners, v. The United States
of America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of
Appeals for the Second Circuit denied.
No. 390. William Niklaus, Mary V. Niklaus et al., petitioners, v.
The Lincoln Joint Stock Land Bank of Lincoln, Nebraska. Petition
for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Nebraska denied.
No. 393. Durkee Famous Foods, Inc., petitioner, v. Carter H. Har-
rison, Collector of Internal Revenue, etc. Petition for writ of cer-
tiorari to the Circuit Court of Appeals for the Seventh Circuit denied.
No. 401. Gertrude Koller Brown, petitioner, v. The School District
of The City of Bethlehem, Pennsylvania. Petition for writ of cer-
tiorari to the Supreme Court of Pennsylvania denied.
No. 405. Schenley Import Corp., petitioner, v. The United States.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Customs & Patent Ap-
peals denied.
No. 359. Atlanta Flooring & Insulation Company, Inc., et al., peti-
tioners, v. Oberdorfer Insurance Agency and Marvin G. Russell,

MONDAY, NOVEMBER 8, 1943
48
Receiver. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of
Appeals for the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 356. Jillo Bynum et al., petitioners, v. The Firestone Tire &
Rubber Company. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of
Appeals of Tennessee denied.
No. 361. Bartol Sikich, Emma Sikich, et al., petitioners, v. Glenn
W. Springmann, as Trustee, etc. Petition for writ of certiorari to
the Supreme Court of Indiana denied.
No. 386. John H. Rowe, petitioner, v. John B. Colpoys, United
States Marshal, District of Columbia, et al. Petition for writ of cer-
tiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the District of
Columbia denied.
No. 389. Wayne M. Neal, The Louisville Drying Machinery Com-
pany, et al., petitioners, v. State of Florida, The State Board of Edu-
cation of Florida, et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Su-
preme Court of Florida denied.
No. 397. The New York Great Atlantic & Pacific Tea Company
et al., petitioners, v. The United States of America. Petition for writ
of certiorari to the Circuit Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit
denied.
No. 399. Triangle Conduit & Cable Company, Inc., petitioner,
v. National Electric Products Corporation. Petition for writ of cer-
tiorari to the Circuit Court of Appeals for the Third Circuit denied.
No. 407. Joe Lash, petitioner, v. State of Alabama. Petition for
writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Alabama denied.
No. 413. Andrew Jergens, petitioner, v. Commissioner of Internal
Revenue. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of
Appeals for the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 416. M. W. Alworth and R. D. Alworth, as Trustees, etc., peti-
tioners, v. Commissioner of Internal Revenue. Petition for writ of
certiorari to the Circuit Court of Appeals for the Eighth Circuit de-
nied.
No. 85. Missouri Pacific Railroad Company, Debtor, et al., peti-
tioners, v. Guy A. Thompson, Trustee, Missouri Pacific Railroad Com-
pany, Debtor, et al.;
No. 86. Protective Committee for Holders of Common Stock of
Missouri Pacific Railroad Company, Debtor, petitioner, v. Guy A.
Thompson, Trustee, Missouri Pacific Railroad Company, Debtor, et
al.; and
No. 87. Alleghany Corporation, petitioner, v. Guy A. Thompson,
Trustee, Missouri Pacific Railroad Company, Debtor, et al. On peti-
tion for writs of certiorari to the Circuit Court of Appeals for the
Eighth Circuit. The petition for writs of certiorari in these cases

MONDAY, NOVEMBER 8, 1943
49
is dismissed as to all petitioners other than the Protective Committee
for Holders of First Mortgage Bonds of International-Great Northern
Railroad Company on motion of counsel for those petitioners. The
petition for a writ of certiorari of the Protective Committee for
Holders of First Mortgage Bonds of International-Great Northern
Railroad Company, one of the petitioners in No. 85, is denied.
No. 363. Sada Yoshinuma, as Debtor, petitioner, v. Oberdorfer
Realty Agency and Marvin G. Russell, Receiver. The motion for
leave to proceed on the typewritten record is granted. Petition for
writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of Appeals for the Fifth Cir-
cuit denied.
No. 426. Lester Ettman, petitioner, v. Federal Life Insurance Com-
pany. Petition or writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of Appeals
for the Eighth Circuit denied. Mr. Justice Black is of the opinion
that the petition for writ of certiorari should be granted.
No. 295. J. Ralph DeMarcos, petitioner, v. Dr. Winfred Over-
holser, Superintendent of Saint Elizabeths Hospital. On petition
for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the
District of Columbia;
No. 367. Fannie L. Lonas, petitioner, v. National Linen Service
Corporation. On petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court
of Appeals for the Sixth Circuit;
No. 394. Martin Kane Flavin, petitioner, v. Franklin Society for
Home Building and Savings. On petition for writ of certiorari to the
Court of Appeals of New York;
No. 408. Garfield J. Kelly, petitioner, v. Alfred F. Dowd, Warden,
Indiana State Prison. On petition for writ of certiorari to the Cir-
cuit Court of Appeals for the Seventh Circuit; and
No. 369. Norman Baker, Norman Baker, Inc., et al., petitioners,
v. Dortha Bellows, Executrix, etc. On petition for writ of certiorari
to the Supreme Court of Arkansas. The motions for leave to proceed
in forma pauperis are granted. The petitions for writs of certiorari
are denied.
No. 347. October Term, 1941. Tasty Baking Company, petitioner,
v. The United States. The motion for leave to file petition for re-
hearing is denied. Mr. Justice Rutledge took no part in the considera-
tion or decision of this application.
No. 987, October Term, 1942. Louis Burall, petitioner, v. James A.
Johnston, Warden, etc. Second petition for rehearing denied.
No. 240. Truman B. Wayne, petitioner, v. William W. Robinson,
Jr., et al. Petition for rehearing denied. Mr. Justice Rutledge took.
no part in the consideration or decision of this application.
No. 92. The Swan Carburetor Company, petitioner, v. The Nash
Motor Company;

MONDAY, NOVEMBER 8, 1943
50
No. 96. V. W. Petty, petitioner, v. Missouri and Arkansas Railway
Company;
No. 121. Paul H. Barnes, petitioner, v. Commonwealth of Penn-
sylvania, ex rel. Emma K. Barnes;
No. 168. Guy Carleton Denney, petitioner, v. The Fort Recovery
Banking Company;
No. 185. Allen M. Snyder, petitioner, v. The Provident Trust Co.,
Successor, etc.;
No. 218. Jim Skidmore, et al., petitioners, v. Swift & Company;
No. 247. William T. Reid, petitioner, v. The United States of
America;
No. 268. George C. Bennett, petitioner, v. Julius DeGeeter;
No. 277. Georgia M. Spruill, petitioner, v. Thomas T. Newby,
Chairman, etc.;
No. 281. Wade S. Thomson, et al., petitioners, v. Leta Butler, et al.;
No. 294. V. D. Payne, appellant, v. J. A. Kirchwehm; and
No. 313. George W. Green, et al., petitioners, v. City of Stuart,
Florida. Petitions for rehearing denied.
No. 372. In re Amos Gayle, petitioner. On petition for writ of
certiorari to the Circuit Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit. Dis-
missed on motion of counsel for the petitioner.
No. 36. Cafeteria Employees Union, Local 302, et al., petitioners,
v. Gus Angelos, et al.; and
No. 37. Cafeteria Employees Union, Local 302, et al., petitioners,
v. Elias Tsakires et al. Argued by Mr. Louis B. Boudin for the peti-
tioners and cases submitted by Mr. Abraham Michael Katz for the
respondents.
No. 38. Colgate-Palmolive-Peet Company, petitioner, v. The
United States of America; and
No. 39. Colgate-Palmolive-Peet Company, petitioner, v. The
United States of America. Argued by Mr. Mason Trowbridge for the
petitioner and by Mr. Alvin J. Rockwell for the respondent.
No. 44. John V. Dobson, petitioner, v. Commissioner of Internal
Revenue;
No. 45. E. W. Dobson, petitioner, v. Commissioner of Internal
Revenue;
No. 46. Estate of James N. Collins, deceased, etc., petitioner, v.
Commissioner of Internal Revenue; and
No. 47. H. J. Harwick, petitioner, v. Commissioner of Internal
Revenue. Argued by Mr. William L. Prosser for the petitioners and
by Mr. Samuel H. Levy for the respondent.

MONDAY, NOVEMBER 8, 1943
51
No. 49. Ford Motor Company, petitioner, v. Gordon Form Lathe
Company; and
No. 50. Ford Motor Company, petitioner, v. Gordon Form Lathe
Company. Argument commenced by Mr. I. Joseph Farley for the
petitioner.
Adjourned until tomorrow at 1 o'clock.
The day call for Tuesday, November 9, will be as follows: Nos. 49
(and 50), 43, 28, 343, 51, 53, 63, 31, 112, and 56.
✓

TUESDAY, NOVEMBER 9, 1943
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
52
Present: The Chief Justice, Mr. Justice Roberts, Mr. Justice Black,
Mr. Justice Reed, Mr. Justice Frankfurter, Mr. Justice Douglas, Mr.
Justice Murphy, Mr. Justice Jackson, and Mr. Justice Rutledge.
John W. Joynt, of St. Louis, Mo.; Kenneth G. Avery, of Fresno,
Calif.; George Addison Hobart, of Newark, N. J.; Jens Grothe, of
Des Moines, Iowa; Newton A. Burgess, of New York City; Harold
Hamilton McLean, of New York City; Henry P. Goldstein, of New
York City; A. L. Pierovich, of Jackson, Calif.; Benjamin Brown
Taylor, Jr., of Baton Rouge, La.; and Thomas J. McBride, of Youngs-
town, Ohio, were admitted to practice.
No. 49. Ford Motor Company, petitioner, v. Gordon Form Lathe
Company; and
No. 50. Ford Motor Company, petitioner, v. Gordon Form Lathe
Company. Argument continued by Mr. I. Joseph Farley for the
petitioner; by Mr. F. O. Richey for the respondent; and concluded
by Mr. George D. Spohn for the respondent.
No. 43. Interstate Commerce Commission et al., appellants, v. Ho-
boken Manufacturers' Railroad Company. Argued by Mr. Edward
M. Reidy for the appellant, Interstate Commerce Commission; by Mr.
Willis T. Pierson for the appellants, Baltimore and Ohio Railroad
Company et al.; and by Mr. Parker McCollester for the appellee.
No. 28. The Brotherhood of Railroad Trainmen, Enterprise Lodge,
No. 27, et al., petitioners, v. Toledo, Peoria & Western Railroad.
Argument commenced by Mr. John E. Cassidy for the petitioners.
Adjourned until tomorrow at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Wednesday, November 10, will be as follows: Nos.
28, 343, 51, 53, 63, 31, 112, 56, 66, and 54 (and 55).
554209-43-16

WEDNESDAY, NOVEMBER 10, 1943
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
53
Present: The Chief Justice, Mr. Justice Roberts, Mr. Justice Black,
Mr. Justice Reed, Mr. Justice Frankfurter, Mr. Justice Douglas, Mr.
Justice Murphy, Mr. Justice Jackson, and Mr. Justice Rutledge.
Rodney Trenton Schroyer, of Waynesboro, Pa.; Roy Wood Lewis,
of Saint Clairsville, Ohio; Reginald Lyon Dyer, of Los Angeles, Calif.;
Philip F. Schmehl, of Reading, Pa.; William J. Durham, of Dallas,
Tex.; Ralston P. Edmunds, of Tulsa, Okla.; Warren H. Willner, of
Richmond, Va.; Ira J. Schuster, of New York City; and William H.
Hastie, of Washington, D. C., were admitted to practice.
No. 371. The United States of America, ex rel. Gene McCann,
petitioner, v. William A. Adams, Warden etc., et al. Mandate or-
dered to issue forthwith, per stipulation of counsel.
Ar-
No. 28. The Brotherhood of Railroad Trainmen, Enterprise Lodge,
No. 27, et al., petitioners, v. Toledo, Peoria & Western Railroad.
gument continued by Mr. John E. Cassidy for the petitioners and
concluded by Mr. Clarence W. Heyl for the respondent. Leave
granted petitioners to file an additional brief on or before November
18, next.
No. 343. The Order of Railroad Telegraphers, petitioner, v. Rail-
way Express Agency, Incorporated. Argued by Mr. William G.
McRae for the petitioner and by Mr. Blair Foster for the respondent.
No. 51. Lonnie E. Smith, petitioner, v. S. E. Allwright, Election
Judge, et al. Argument commenced by Mr. Thurgood Marshall for
the petitioner and continued by Mr. William H. Hastie for the peti-
tioner.
Adjourned until Friday, November 12, next, at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Friday, November 12, will be as follows: Nos. 51,
53, 63, 31, 112, 56, 66, 65, 68, and 70.
554209-43--17

FRIDAY, NOVEMBER 12, 1943
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
54
Present: The Chief Justice, Mr. Justice Roberts, Mr. Justice
Black, Mr. Justice Reed, Mr. Justice Frankfurter, Mr. Justice Doug-
las, Mr. Justice Murphy, Mr. Justice Jackson, and Mr. Justice
Rutledge.
Charles Kanter, of Newark, N. J.; Elias A. Kanter, of Newark,
N. J.; Darrel L. Hodson, of Kokomo, Ind.; Hugh M. Joseloff, of
West Hartford, Conn.; and Willie Yeates Rylee, of Clarksdale, Miss.,
were admitted to practice.
No. 51. Lonnie E. Smith, petitioner, v. S. E. Allwright, Election
Judge, et al. Argument concluded by Mr. William H. Hastie for
the petitioner. No appearance for the respondents.
No. 53. Commissioner of Internal Revenue, petitioner, v. Gooch
Milling & Elevator Company. Argued by Miss Helen R. Carloss for
the petitioner and by Mr. D. M. Kelleher for the respondent.
No. 63. Commissioner of Internal Revenue, petitioner, v. S. B.
Heininger. Argued by Mr. Valentine Brookes for the petitioner and
by Mr. Floyd Lanham for the respondent.
No. 31. McLean Trucking Company, Inc., The Secretary of Agri-
culture of the United States, et al., appellants, v. The United States
of America, Interstate Commerce Commission, et al. Four hours
allowed for oral argument. Argument commenced by Mr. Arne C.
Wiprud for the appellant, The Secretary of Agriculture and con-
tinued by Mr. Daniel W. Knowlton for the appellee, Interstate Com-
merce Commission.
Adjourned until Monday next at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Monday, November 15, will be as follows: Nos. 31,
7 (8, 9, 10, 11, 12, 13, 14, 15, and 16), 112, 56, 66, 65, 73, and 83.
554209-43--18

MONDAY, NOVEMBER 15, 1943
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
55
Present: The Chief Justice, Mr. Justice Roberts, Mr. Justice Black,
Mr. Justice Reed, Mr. Justice Frankfurter, Mr. Justice Douglas, Mr.
Justice Murphy, Mr. Justice Jackson, and Mr. Justice Rutledge.
Charles Wheeler Green, of De Soto, Mo.; Joseph D. Stecher, of
Toledo, Ohio; Roy K. Murphey, of Morristown, Tenn.; Stephen
Arnold Mitchell, of Chicago, Ill.; Thomas O. Nevison, of Cleveland,
Ohio; Fred Andrew Smith, of Toledo, Ohio; Jerrold G. Van Cise,
of New York City; Stuart S. Wall, of Toledo, Ohio; Louis Glick-
house, of New York City; Frederick G. Hamley, of Seattle, Wash.;
Roy T. Parker, Jr., of New York City; Nestor Shea Foley, of New
York City; W. M. Whitman, of Balboa Heights, Canal Zone; and
Ruth Lloyd, of Columbus, Ohio, were admitted to practice.
No. 30. Merchants National Bank of Boston, Executor, petitioner,
v. Commissioner of Internal Revenue. On writ of certiorari to the
United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the First Circuit. Judg-
ment affirmed and cause remanded to the said Circuit Court of Ap-
peals. Opinion by Mr. Justice Rutledge. Dissenting opinion by
Mr. Justice Douglas in which Mr. Justice Jackson concurs.
The Chief Justice announced the following orders of the Court:
No. 452. Fred Bennett, appellant, v. City of Dalton, Georgia.
Appeal from the Court of Appeals of Georgia. Per curiam: The
appeal is dismissed for the want of a substantial federal question.
Cox v. New Hampshire, 312 U. S. 569, 574; Chaplinsky v. New Hamp-
shire, 315 U. S. 568, 571–2.
No. 60. Mike Marvich, petitioner, v. The People of the State of
California and Clyde I. Plummer, Warden, et al. On writ of cer-
tiorari to the Supreme Court of California. Per curiam: The motion
of respondent to remand is granted, the judgment is vacated and the
cause is remanded to the Supreme Court of California for further
proceedings.
The Chief Justice said:
"The other orders of the Court appear upon the list certified by the
Chief Justice and filed with the clerk and will not be announced
orally."
554209-43- -19

-
MONDAY, NOVEMBER 15, 1943
56
No. . In the matter of George S. Wolbert. The Court having
been advised of the death of George S. Wolbert on July 26, 1943,
during the pendency of the rule to show cause, the order of disbarment
entered on October 4, 1943, is vacated and the rule to show cause issued
on June 21, 1943, is discharged as moot.
No.. Ex parte Kenneth M. Ring, petitioner;
No. - Ex parte Paul S. Campbell, petitioner;
Ex parte George Diehl, petitioner ;
No.
-
No. Ex parte Jake Hinley, petitioner; and
-
―.
No. Ex parte Kenneth L. Hendrix, petitioner. The motions for
leave to file petitions for writs of habeas corpus are denied.
No.
No.
Ex parte Rex Bayless, petitioner; and
Ex parte Frank E. Potts, petitioner. The motions for
leave to file petitions for writs of mandamus are denied.
No. 8. Corning Glass Works et al., appellants, v. The United States
of America. The motion for leave to withdraw the appearance of
Boykin C. Wright, as counsel for the appellants, is granted.
No. 91. Bain Peanut Company of Texas, petitioner, v. Commis-
sioner of Internal Revenue. The motion of Insular Sugar Refining
Corporation for leave to participate in the oral argument as amicus
curiae is granted.
No. 398. Hazel-Atlas Glass Company, petitioner, v. Hartford-
Empire Company; and
No. 423. Shawkee Manufacturing Company et al., petitioners, v.
Hartford-Empire Company. The motion of respondent for an exten-
sion of time until December 1, next, within which to file briefs in op-
position to the petitions for certiorari is granted.
No. 464. Prentiss M. Brown, as Administrator, etc., appellant, v. "
Mrs. Kate C. Willingham and J. R. Hicks, Jr. In this case probable
jurisdiction is noted and the case is assigned for argument immedi-
ately following Nos. 374 and 375.
No. 392. Universal Oil Products Company, petitioner, v. Globe Oil
& Refining Company. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United
States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Seventh Circuit granted.
No. 409. Tennessee Coal, Iron & Railroad Company et al., peti-
tioners, v. Muscoda Local, No. 123, etc., et al. Petition for writ of
certiorari to the Circuit Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit
granted.
No. 395. The United States of America, petitioner, v. Elinor Close
Cushman, Executrix, etc. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Cir-
cuit Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit denied.
No. 419. Augustus E. Staley, Jr., Executor, etc., petitioner, v.
Commissioner of Internal Revenue. Petition for writ of certiorari
to the Circuit Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit denied.

MONDAY, NOVEMBER 15, 1943
57
No. 424. Hartford-Empire Company, petitioner, v. Commissioner
of Internal Revenue. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit
Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit denied.
No. 427. Inland Steel Company, petitioner, v. Foreman M. Lebold
and Samuel N. Lebold;
No. 428. Inland Steel Company, petitioner, v. Foreman M. Lebold
and Samuel N. Lebold;
No. 429. Foreman M. Lebold and Samuel N. Lebold, petitioners,
v. Inland Steel Company; and
No. 430. Foreman M. Lebold and Samuel N. Lebold, petitioners, v.
Inland Steel Company. Petitions for writs of certiorari to the Cir-
cuit Court of Appeals for the Seventh Circuit denied.
No. 305. Stanley W. Taylor, petitioner, v. Prentiss M. Brown,
Price Administrator. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United
States Emergency Court of Appeals denied.
No. 400. J. L. Wilkey and J. L. Wilkey, Adjuster, Inc., a corpora-
tion, petitioner, v. State of Alabama, ex rel. Jim C. Smith and Jim C.
Smith. The motions of Benjamin P. Burman and Vincent Scully,
partners in trade as Standard Claims Adjustment Service; Nichols
Company; Pennsylvania Casualty Company; Indiana Association In-
dependent Insurance Adjusters; Trinity Universal Insurance Com-
pany; and Forrest A. Betts, for leave to file briefs as amici curiae
are denied. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of
Alabama denied. Mr. Justice Black took no part in the consideration
or decision of these applications.
No. 410. Louis H. Egan, petitioner, v. The United States of Amer-
ica; and
No. 414. Union Electric Company of Missouri, petitioner, v. The
United States of America. Petitions for writs of certiorari to the
Circuit Court of Appeals for the Eighth Circuit denied. The Chief
Justice, Mr. Justice Douglas, and Mr. Justice Jackson took no part in
the consideration or decision of these applications.
No. 415. Meyer Abrams, Harry J. Myerson, and Fannie B. Stern,
Executrix, etc., petitioners, v. Cleveland Terminals Building Com-
pany. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of Appeals
for the Sixth Circuit denied. Mr. Justice Douglas took no part in the
consideration or decision of this application...
No. 251. Bernard Paul Coy, petitioner, v. James A. Johnston,
Warden, etc. On petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court
of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit ;
No. 411. The People of the State of Illinois, ex rel. William
Vieaux, petitioner, v. Joseph E. Ragen, Warden, etc., et al. On peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Illinois;

MONDAY, NOVEMBER 15, 1943
58
No. 418. William Wade, petitioner, v. The People of the State of
New York. On petition for writ of certiorari to the County Court,
Westchester County, New York;
No. 442. Mark C. Murphy, petitioner, v. The State of Missouri.
On petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Missouri;
and
No. 450. Lawrence Maynard, petitioner, v. State of Michigan. On
petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Michigan.
Motions for leave to proceed in forma pauperis granted. Petitions
for writs of certiorari denied.
No. 100. William A. Doss, petitioner, v. People of the State of
Illinois;
No. 124. Anna Royer, Administratrix, etc., petitioner, v. Jerome
K. Greiner;
No. 201. Trojan Powder Company, petitioner, v. National Labor
Relations Board;
No. 220. Walter Ford Gormly, petitioner, v. The United States of
America;
No. 238. Daniel W. Norris et al., as Executors, etc., petitioners, v.
Commissioner of Internal Revenue; and
No. 330. G. T. Fogle & Company, petitioner, v. The United States
of America. Petitions for rehearing denied.
The Court will take a recess from Monday, November 22d, until
Monday, December 6, next.
No., Ex parte United States of America, upon the relation and
for the use of the Tennessee Valley Authority, petitioner. Motion
for leave to file petition for writ of mandamus or writ of prohibition
presented.
No. 31. McLean Trucking Company, Inc., The Secretary of Agri-
culture of the United States, et al., appellants v. The United States of
America, Interstate Commerce Commission, et al. Argument con-
tinued by Mr. Daniel W. Knowlton for the appellee, Interstate Com-
merce Commission; by Mr. Mortimer Allen Sullivan for appellees,
Associated Transport, Inc., et al.; and concluded by Mr. Arne C.
Wiprud for the appellants. Case submitted by Mr. E. B. Ussery for
appellant, McLean Trucking Company; and Mr. Martin Burns and
Mr. Paul E. Mathias for appellant, American Farm Bureau
Federation.

MONDAY, NOVEMBER 15, 1943
59
No. 7. Hartford-Empire Company et al., appellants, v. The United
States of America;
No. 8. Corning Glass Works et al., appellants, v. The United States
of America;
No. 9. Owens-Illinois Glass Company et al., appellants, v. The
United States of America;
No. 10. Hazel-Atlas Glass Company et al., appellants, v. The
United States of America;
No. 11. Thatcher Manufacturing Company et al., appellants, v.
The United States of America;
No. 12. Lynch Corporation et al., appellants, v. The United States
of America;
No. 13. Ball Brothers Company et al., appellants, v. The United
States of America;
No. 14. Glass Container Association of America, Inc., et al., appel-
lants, v. The United States of America;
No. 15. Isaac J. Collins, appellant, v. The United States of Amer-
ica; and
No. 16. T. C. Fulton et al., appellants, v. The United States of
America. Thirteen hours allowed for oral argument. Argument
commenced by Mr. John T. Cahill-for the appellants in No. 7; con-
tinued by Mr. Thurlow M. Gordon for the appellants in No. 8; and
by Mr. Stephen H. Philbin for the appellants in No. 10.
Adjourned until tomorrow at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Tuesday, November 16, will be as follows: Nos. 7
(8, 9, 10, 11, 12, 13, 14, 15, and 16), 112, 66, 65, 73, and 83.
Х

TUESDAY, NOVEMBER 16, 1943
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
60
Present: The Chief Justice, Mr. Justice Roberts, Mr. Justice Black,
Mr. Justice Reed, Mr. Justice Frankfurter, Mr. Justice Douglas, Mr.
Justice Murphy, Mr. Justice Jackson, and Mr. Justice Rutledge.
Barry T. Whipple, of Detroi, Mich.; Walter J. Derenberg, of New
York City; John C. Finley, Jr., of Ashdown, Ark.; and Charles R.
Holton, of Whittier, Calif., were admitted to practice.
No. 112. Davies Warehouse Company, petitioner, v. Prentiss M.
Brown, Price Administrator;
No. 299. Mars, Inc., petitioner, v. Prentiss M. Brown, Adminis-
trator, etc.;
No. 305. Stanley W. Taylor, petitioner, v. Prentiss M. Brown,
Price Administrator, etc.;
No. 316. The Hecht Company, petitioner, v. Prentiss M. Brown,
Price Administrator, etc.;
No. 396. Fred M. Vinson, Director of Economic Stabilization, by
Prentiss M. Brown, Administrator, etc., petitioner, v. Washington
Gas Light Company et al.;
No. 464. Prentiss M. Brown, as Administrator, etc., appellant, v.
Mrs. Kate C. Willingham et al.
No. 481. Safeway Stores, Inc., petitioner, v. Prentiss M. Brown,
Administrator, etc. Chester Bowles, present Administrator of the
Office of Price Administration, substituted as a party in these cases.
in the place and stead of Prentiss M. Brown, resigned, on motion
of the Solicitor General in that behalf.
No. 476. United States Gypsum Company, petitioner, v. Chester
Bowles, Acting Price Administrator. Chester Bowles, present Ad-
ministrator of the Office of Price Administration, substituted as party
respondent in the place of Chester Bowles, as Acting Price Adminis-
trator, on motion of Mr. Charles M. Price for the petitioner.
No. 7. Hartford-Empire Company et al., appellants, v. The United
States of America;
No. 8. Corning Glass Works et al., appellants, v. The United States
of America:
No. 9. Owens-Illinois Glass Company et al., appellants, v. The
United States of America;
554209-43-20

TUESDAY, NOVEMBER 16, 1943
61
No. 10. Hazel-Atlas Glass Company et al., appellants, v. The
United States of America;
No. 11. Thatcher Manufacturing Company et al., appellants, v.
The United States of America;
No. 12. Lynch Corporation et al., appellants, v. The United States
of America;
No. 13. Ball Brothers Company et al., appellants, v. The United
States of America;
No. 14. Glass Container Association of America, Inc., et al., appel-
lants, v. The United States of America;
No. 15. Isaac J. Collins, appellant, v. The United States of Amer-
ica; and
No. 16. T. C. Fulton et al., appellants, v. The United States of
America. Argument continued by Mr. Stephen H. Philbin for the
appellants in No. 10; by Mr. Robert T. Swaine for the appellants in
No. 9; by Mr. E. W. McCallister for the appellants in No. 13; by Mr.
Lehr Fess for the appellants in No. 12; by Mr. Ralph Emery for the
appellants in No. 11; by Mr. Fred E. Fuller for the appellants in Nos.
15 and 16; by Mr. Luther Day for the appellants in No. 14; and by
Mr. Samuel S. Isseks for the appellee.
Adjourned until tomorrow at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Wednesday, November 17, will be as follows: Nos.
7 (8, 9, 10, 11, 12, 13, 14, 15, and 16), 112, 66, 65, 73, and 83.

WEDNESDAY, NOVEMBER 17, 1943
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
62
Present: The Chief Justice, Mr. Justice Roberts, Mr. Justice Black,
Mr. Justice Reed, Mr. Justice Frankfurter, Mr. Justice Douglas, Mr.
Justice Murphy, Mr. Justice Jackson, and Mr. Justice Rutledge.
Frederick Hawley Knight, of Corning, N. Y.; Solomon J. Pokrass,
of Milwaukee, Wis.; James Fulton Hoge, of New York City; and
Frederick W. Mielke, of San Francisco, Calif., were admitted to
practice.
No. 7. Hartford-Empire Company et al., appellants, 2. The United
States of America;
No. 8. Corning Glass Works et al., appellants, v. The United States
of America;
No. 9. Owens-Illinois Glass Company et al., appellants, v. The
United States of America;
No. 10. Hazel-Atlas Glass Company et al., appellants, v. The United
States of America;
No. 11. Thatcher Manufacturing Company et al., appellants, v.
The United States of America;
No. 12. Lynch Corporation et al., appellants, v. The United States
of America;
No. 13. Ball Brothers Company et al., appellants, v. The United
States of America;
No. 14. Glass Containers Association of America, Inc., et al., ap-
pellants, v. The United States of America;
No. 15. Isaac J. Collins, appellant, v. The United States of
America and
No. 16. T. C. Fulton et al., appellants, v. The United States of
America. Argument continued by Mr. Samuel S. Isseks for the ap-
pellee and by Mr. Assistant Attorney General Cox for the appellee.
Adjourned until tomorrow at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Thursday, November 18, will be as follows: Nos.
7 (8, 9, 10, 11, 12, 13, 14, 15, and 16), 112, 66, 65, 73.
✓
554209-43-21

THURSDAY, NOVEMBER 18, 1943
63
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: The Chief Justice, Mr. Justice Roberts, Mr. Justice Black,
Mr. Justice Reed, Mr. Justice Frankfurter, Mr. Justice Douglas, Mr.
Justice Murphy, Mr. Justice Jackson, and Mr. Justice Rutledge.
Edmond J. Leeney, of Hammond, Ind.; Timothy P. Galvin, of
Hammond, Ind.; Harry Hugh Stilley, of Hammond, Ind.; George
Furst, of Newark, N. J.; Morris H. Cohn, of Newark, N. J.; Geo.
Black, Jr., of Portland, Oreg.; John S. Arcana, of Mineola, N. Y.;
Charles Effinger Smoot, of Washington, D. C.; Cecil A. Beasley, Jr.,
of Washington, D. C.; Wm. Walker Johnson, of Cincinnati, Ohio;
Charles D. Marsh, of Cleveland, Ohio; and Benjamin Daily Frantz,
of Sacramento, Calif., were admitted to practice.
No. 7. Hartford-Empire Company et al., appellants, v. The United
States of America;
No. 8. Corning Glass Works et. al, appellants, v. The United States
of America;
No. 9. Owens-Illinois Glass Company et al., appellants, v. The
United States of America;
No. 10. Hazel-Atlas Glass Company et al., appellants, v. The United
States of America;
No. 11. Thatcher Manufacturing Company et al., appellants, v. The
United States of America;
No. 12. Lynch Corporation et al., appellants, v. The United States
of America;
No. 13. Ball Brothers Company et al., appellants, v. The United
States of America;
No. 14. Glass Container Association of America, Inc., et al., appel-
lants, v. The United States of America;
No. 15. Isaac J. Collins, appellant, v. The United States of Amer-
ica; and
No. 16. T. C. Fulton et al., appellants, v. The United States of
America. Argument continued by Mr. Assistant Attorney General
Cox for the appellee; by Mr. E. W. McCallister for the appellants in
No. 13; by Mr. Robert T. Swaine for the appellants in No. 9; and
concluded by Mr. John T. Cahill for the appellants in No. 7.
No. 112. Davies Warehouse Company, petitioner, v. Chester
Bowles, Price Administrator. Argued by Mr. Reginald L. Vaughan
554209-43--22

THURSDAY, NOVEMBER 18, 1943
64
for the petitioner and by Mr. Nathaniel L. Nathanson for the re-
spondent.
No. 66. Estate of Henry H. Rogers, deceased, et al., etc., petitioners,
v. Guy T. Helvering, Commissioner of Internal Revenue. Argument
commenced by Mr. John W. Drye, Jr., for the petitioner, and con-
tinued by Mr. Assistant Attorney General Clark, Jr., for the re-
spondent.
Adjourned until tomorrow at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Friday, November 19, will be as follows: Nos.
66, 65, and 73.

FRIDAY, NOVEMBER 19, 1943
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
65
Present: The Chief Justice, Mr. Justice Roberts, Mr. Justice Black,
Mr. Justice Reed, Mr. Justice Frankfurter, Mr. Justice Douglas, Mr.
Justice Murphy, Mr. Justice Jackson, and Mr. Justice Rutledge.
Leo F. Laughren, of St. Louis, Mo.; Robert W. Kenny, of Sacra-
mento, Calif.; Charles H. Walker, of New York City; Robert B.
Whittredge, of New York City; Wendell D. Allen, of Baltimore,
Md.; Alexander Gordon III, of Baltimore, Md.; and Harvey Locke
Carey, of Shreveport, La., were admitted to practice.
No. 66. Estate of Henry H. Rogers, deceased, et al., petitioners, v.
Commissioner of Internal Revenue. Argument continued by Mr.
Assistant Attorney General Samuel O. Clark, Jr., for the respondent
and concluded by Mr. John W. Drye, Jr., for the petitioners.
No. 65. Crescent Express Lines, Inc., appellant, v. The United
States of America et al. Argued by Mr. George H. Rosen for the
appellant and by Mr. Edward M. Reidy for the appellees, The United
States and Interstate Commerce Commission, and case submitted by
Mr. Henry P. Goldstein for appellee, Mountain Transit Corporation,
and by Mr. James F. X. O'Brien for appellee, Hudson Transit Lines,
Inc.
No. 73. Nick Falbo, petitioner, v. The United States of America.
Argued by Mr. Hayden C. Covington for the petitioner and by Mr.
Solicitor General Fahy for the respondent.
Adjourned until Monday, November 22, next.
☑
554209-43-23

MONDAY, NOVEMBER 22, 1943
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
66
Present: The Chief Justice, Mr. Justice Roberts, Mr. Justice Black,
Mr. Justice Reed, Mr. Justice Frankfurter, Mr. Justice Douglas, Mr.
Mr. Justice Murphy, Mr. Justice Jackson, and Mr. Justice Rutledge.
Chas. S. Reid, of Atlanta, Ga.; Kenneth Clayton West, of Kansas
City, Mo.; Ernest Elias Williams, of San Francisco, Calif.; William E.
Friedman, of New York City; Charles F. Short, Jr., of Chicago, Ill.;
Paul MacGuffin, of Libertyville, Ill.; William Gresham Ward, of
Miami, Fla.; John Edwin Lesow, Jr., of Indianapolis, Ind.; I. Henry
Harris, Jr., of Los Angeles, Calif.; Roy L. Washington, of Chicago,
Ill.; and Roland Rich Woolley, of Los Angeles, Calif., were admitted
to practice.
No. 40. Midstate Horticultural Co., Inc., petitioner, v. The Penn-
sylvania Railroad Company. On writ of certiorari to the Supreme
Court of the State of California. Judgment reversed with costs
and cause remanded to the said Supreme Court for further proceedings
not inconsistent with the opinion of this Court. Opinion by Mr.
Justice Rutledge.
No. 24. Securities and Exchange Commission, petitioner, v. C. M.
Joiner Leasing Corporation and C. M. Joiner. On writ of certiorari
to the Circuit Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit. Judgment re-
versed and cause remanded to the District Court of the United States
for the Northern District of Texas for further proceedings in con-
formity with the opinion of this Court. Opinion by Mr. Justice
Jackson. Dissenting: Mr. Justice Roberts. Mr. Justice Douglas took
no part in the consideration or decision of this case.
No. 48. Switchmen's Union of North America, in its own right,
etc., T. C. Cashen, et al., petitioners, v. National Mediation Board,
George A. Cook, William M. Leiserson, et al. On writ of certiorari
to the United States Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia.
Judgment reversed at the cost of petitioners and cause remanded to
the District Court of the United States for the District of Columbia
for further proceedings in conformity with the opinion of this Court.
Opinion by Mr. Justice Douglas. Mr. Justice Black and Mr. Justice
Rutledge took no part in the consideration or decision of this case.
Dissenting opinion by Mr. Justice Reed in which Mr. Justice Roberts
and Mr. Justice Jackson join.
554209-43-24

MONDAY, NOVEMBER 22, 1943
67
No. 23. General Committee of Adjustment of the Brotherhood of
Locomotive Engineers for the Missouri-Kansas-Texas Railroad, an
unincorporated Association, petitioner, v. Missouri-Kansas-Texas
Railroad Company et al. On writ of certiorari to the United States
Circuit Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit. Judgment reversed
at the cost of petitioner and cause remanded to the District Court of
the United States for the Northern District of Texas for further pro-
ceedings in conformity with the opinion of this Court. Opinion by
Mr. Justice Douglas. Mr. Justice Jackson concurs in the result.
Dissenting: Mr. Justice Roberts and Mr. Justice Reed.
No. 27. General Committee of Adjustment of the Brotherhood of
Locomotive Engineers for the Pacific Lines of Southern Pacific Com-
pany (an unincorporated association), petitioner, v. Southern Pacific
Company and General Grievance Committee of the Brotherhood of
Locomotive Firemen and Enginemen (an unincorporated association);
and
No. 41. General Grievance Committee of the Brotherhood of Loco-
motive Firemen and Enginemen (an unincorporated association),
petitioner, v. General Committee of Adjustment of the Brotherhood
of Locomotive Engineers for the Southern Pacific Lines of Southern
Pacific Company, etc., et al. On writs of certiorari to the United
States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit. Judgment re-
versed at the cost of petitioner and cases remanded to the District
Court of the United States for the Northern District of California
for further proceedings in conformity with the opinion of this Court.
Opinion by Mr. Justice Douglas. Mr. Justice Jackson concurs in the
result. Dissenting: Mr. Justice Roberts and Mr. Justice Reed.
No. 5. The United States of America, petitioner, v. Joseph H.
Dotterweich. On writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court
of Appeals for the Second Circuit. Judgment reversed and cause
remanded to the District Court of the United States for the Western
District of New York for further proceedings in conformity with the
opinion of this Court. Opinion by Mr. Justice Frankfurter. Dis-
senting opinion by Mr. Justice Murphy in which Mr. Justice Roberts,
Mr. Justice Reed, and Mr. Justice Rutledge join.
No. 36. Cafeteria Employees Union, Local 302, and William
Mesevich, petitioners, v. Gus Angelos, John Harris, Lucas Harris,
et al.; and
No. 37. Cafeteria Employees Union, Local 302, and William
Mesevich, petitioners, v. Elias Tsakires, Kallis Constantinon, Christ
Lymbouris, et al. On writs of certiorari to the Court of Appeals of
New York. Judgments reversed with costs and cases remanded to the
said Court of Appeals for further proceedings not inconsistent with
the opinion of this Court. Opinion by Mr. Justice Frankfurter.

MONDAY, NOVEMBER 22, 1943
88
68
No. 19. Frank Roberts, petitioner, v. The United States of Amer-
ica. On writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of Appeals for the
Fifth Circuit. Judgment reversed and case remanded to the Dis-
trict Court of the United for the Northern District of Alabama for
further proceedings in conformity with the opinion of this Court.
Opinion by Mr. Justice Black. Dissenting opinion by Mr. Justice
Frankfurter in which the Chief Justice and Mr. Justice Reed con-
cur.
The Chief Justice said:
"The orders of the Court appear upon the list certified by the Chief
Justice and filed with the Clerk and will not be announced orally."
No. 437. Anthony Wilson, appellant, v. State of Louisiana. Ap-
peal from the Supreme Court of Louisiana. Per curiam: The motion.
for leave to proceed in forma pauperis is granted. The motion to dis-
miss is granted and the appeal is dismissed it appearing that the de-
cision is based upon a nonfederal ground adequate to support it.
No. Ex parte C. E. Phillips, petitioner;
No.
No.
-
―.
-.
Ex parte John Keating, petitioner; and
Ex parte William A. Youell, petitioner. The motions for
leave to file petitions for writs of habeas corpus are denied.
No. 453. The United States of America et al., appellants, v
Wabash Railroad Company et al. In this case probable jurisdiction
is noted.
No. 436. L. Metcalfe Walling, Administrator, etc., petitioner, v.
James V. Reuter, Inc. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit
Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit granted.
No. 441. General Trading Company, a corporation, etc., petitioner,
v. State Tax Commission of the State of Iowa. Petition for writ of
certiorari to the Supreme Court of Iowa granted and case transferred
to the summary docket and assigned for argument immediately
following No. 311, which is also placed on the summary docket.
No. 447. Walter B. Johnson, T. R. Husted, et al., petitioners, v.
Yellow Cab Transit Company. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
Circuit Court of Appeals for the Tenth Circuit granted and the case
assigned for argument immediately following No. 198, which is set
to follow No. 134.
No. 433. W. D. Lyons, petitioner, v. The State of Oklahoma. The
motion for leave to proceed in forma pauperis is granted. The peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the Court of Criminal Appeals of
Oklahoma is also granted.
No. 274. Butler Brothers, petitioner, v. National Labor Relations
Board. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of Appeals
for the Seventh Circuit denied.

MONDAY, NOVEMBER 22, 1943
69
No. 380. Alex Wasleff, doing business as Alex Wasleff Building
Maintenance Co., petitioner, v. National Labor Relations Board. Pe-
tition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of Appeals for the
Seventh Circuit denied.
No. 420. The American Distilling Company, petitioner, v. Los
Angeles Warehouse Company. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
Supreme Court of California denied.
No. 425. William K. Jacobs, Jr., petitioner, v. Jane M. Hoey, as
Executrix, etc. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court
of Appeals for the Second Circuit denied.
No. 431. Vincent Raymond Dunne et al., petitioners, v. The United
States of America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit
Court of Appeals for the Eighth Circuit denied.
No. 434. Morris U. Schappes, petitioner, v. People of the State of
New York. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of General
Sessions of County of New York, State of New York, denied.
No. 443. Harden Mortgage Loan Company, petitioner, v. Commis-
sioner of Internal Revenue. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
Circuit Court of Appeals for the Tenth Circuit denied.
No. 446. C. K. Benson and W. Havard Perkins, doing business as
Perkins and Company, a partnership, petitioners, v. L. Metcalfe Wall-
ing, Administrator, etc. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit
Court of Appeals for the Eighth Circuit denied.
No. 465. Wayne Apartments, Inc., et al., petitioners, v. Michigan
Unemployment Compensation Commission. Petition for writ of cer-
tiorari to the Supreme Court of Michigan denied.
No. 473. Max Krauss, Trading as American Cord and Webbing
Company, petitioner, v. Benjamin Greenbarg and Joseph Greenbarg,
trading as King Kard Overall Company. Petition for writ of cer-
tiorari to the Circuit Court of Appeals for the Third Circuit denied.
No. 402. Harold L. Ickes, Secretary of the Interior, petitioner, v.
Mazine Z. Fox et al.;
No. 403. Harold L. Ickes, Secretary of the Interior, petitioner, v.
Philip Louis Parks et al.; and
No. 404. Harold L. Ickes, Secretary of the Interior, petitioner, v.
Christina Mariea Eder, Executrix, etc. Petition for writs of certio-
rari to the United States Court of Appeals for the District of Colum-
bia denied. Mr. Justice Reed took no part in the consideration or
decision of this application.
No. 432. Milton Roe Sabin and Bertha Florence Sabin, petitioners,
v. A. I. Levorsen et al. The motion for leave to proceed on typewrit-
ten papers is granted. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme
Court of Oklahoma denied for the reason that application therefor

MONDAY, NOVEMBER 22, 1943
70
was not made within the time provided by law. Section 8 (a), Act
of February 13, 1925 (43 Stat. 936, 940), 28 U. S. C., section 350.
No. 444. Eugene W. Osment, petitioner, v. Norman B. Pitcairn
and Frank C. Nicodemus, Jr., Receivers of the Wabash Railway
Company. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of
Missouri denied for want of a reviewable judgment of the highest
court of the state.
No. 448. The Niagara Falls Power Company, petitioner, v. Federal
Power Commission. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit
Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit denied. Mr. Justice Jack-
son took no part in the consideration or decision of this application.
No. 292. Jack L. Carroll, petitioner, v. P. J. Squier, Warden, etc.
On petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of Appeals
for the Ninth Circuit; and
No. 459. Raymond Pyle, petitioner, v. James A. Johnston,
Warden, etc. On petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court
of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit. The motions for leave to proceed
in forma pauperis are granted. Petitions for writs of certiorari
denied.
No. 295. J. Ralph DeMarcos, petitioner, v. Dr. Winfred Over-
holser, Superintendent of Saint Elizabeths Hospital; and
No. 335. Wildon Lloyd, petitioner, v. United States Fidelity &
Guaranty Company. Petitions for rehearing denied.
Adjourned until Monday, December 6, at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Monday, December 6, will be as follows: Nos. 4, 20
(and 22), 56, 70, 68, 62 (and 64), 83, 54 (and 55), 58 (and 59),
and 52.
Х

MONDAY, DECEMBER 6, 1943
71
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: The Chief Justice, Mr. Justice Roberts, Mr. Justice Black,
Mr. Justice Reed, Mr. Justice Frankfurter, Mr. Justice Douglas, Mr.
Justice Murphy, Mr. Justice Jackson, and Mr. Justice Rutledge.
K. Norman Diamond, of Brooklyn, N. Y.; Sidney Isaacs, of Cin-
cinnati, Ohio; Jep S. Fuller, of Port Arthur, Tex.; Samuel S. Dubin,
of Gary, Ind.; John E. Roszkowski, of Gary, Ind.; Richard H. Mac-
Cracken, of Gary, Ind.; Richard P. Tinkham, of Hammond, Ind.;
Robert Wesley Castleberry, of Fort Worth, Tex.; John K. Butt, of
Eureka Springs, Ark.; Robert E. Mills, of Ottawa, Ill.; Clyde A.
Epperson, of Miami, Fla.; Ara Russell Ash, Jr., of Cordell, Okla.;
Jefferson Edwin Peyser, of San Francisco, Calif.; Marshall L. Bow-
den, of Suffolk, Va.; Eula Brakke Hadlick, of Jefferson City, Mo.;
Nadine Lane Gallagher, of Washington, D. C.; Richard FitzPatrick,
of Los Angeles, Calif.; Herbert Homer Holland, of Dubuque, Iowa;
Collins Mason, of Los Angeles, Calif.; W. A. Singfield, Sr., of Little
Rock, Ark.; Charles A. Van Hagen, Jr., of New York City; George H.
Fisher, of St. Louis Park, Minn.; Charles B. Spangenberg, of Phila-
delphia, Pa.; Samuel Fishman, of Boston, Mass.; Emanuel G. Scob-
lionko, of Allentown, Pa.; and Henry Lincoln Johnson, Jr., of Wash-
ington, D. C., were admitted to practice.
No. 53. Commissioner of Internal Revenue, petitioner, v. Gooch
Milling and Elevator Company. On writ of certiorari to the Circuit
Court of Appeals for the Eighth Circuit. Judgment of the Circuit
Court of Appeals is reversed and that of the Board of Tax Appeals
affirmed and cause remanded to the Circuit Court of Appeals for
further proceedings in conformity with the opinion of this Court.
Opinion by Mr. Justice Murphy.
No. 66. Estate of Henry H. Rogers, deceased, H. Larkin, et al.,
petitioners v. Commissioner of Internal Revenue. On writ of cer-
tiorari to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Second
Circuit. Judgment affirmed and cause remanded to the said Cir-
cuit Court of Appeals. Opinion by Mr. Justice Frankfurter. Mr.
☐ Justice Murphy and Mr. Justice Jackson took no part in the con-
sideration or decision of this case. Dissenting opinion by the Chief
Justice and Mr. Justice Roberts announced by the Chief Justice.
554209-43- -25

MONDAY, DECEMBER 6, 1943
72
No. 65. Crescent Express Lines, Inc., appellant, v. The United
States of America, Interstate Commerce Commission, Hudson Transit
Lines, Inc., et al. Appeal from the District Court of the United
States for the Southern District of New York. Judgment affirmed.
Opinion by Mr. Justice Reed.
No. 5, original. The State of Colorado, complainant, v. The State
of Kansas et al. Decree should be entered enjoining the further pros-
secution of the Finney County Association's suits, and dismissing
the prayers of both States for other relief. The parties may submit
such a decree. Opinion by Mr. Justice Roberts.
No. 43. Interstate Commerce Commission, The Baltimore and Ohio
Railroad Company, et al., appellants; v. Hoboken Manufacturers'
Railroad Company. Appeal from the District Court of the United
States for the District of New Jersey. Judgment reversed and
cause remanded to the said District Court for further proceedings
in conformity with the opinion of this Court. Opinion by Mr. Chief
Justice Stone.
The Chief Justice announced the following orders of the Court.
No. 49. Ford Motor Company, petitioner, v. Gordon Form Lathe
Company; and
No. 50. Ford Motor Company, petitioner, v. Gordon Form Lathe
Company. On writs of certiorari to the Circuit Court of Appeals for
the Sixth Circuit. Per curiam: The judgments are affirmed by an
equally divided Court. Mr. Justice Murphy took no part in the
consideration or decision of these cases.
No. 421. The Second National Bank of St. Clairsville, Ohio, ap-
pellant, v. Homer J. Findley, as County Treasurer of Belmont County,
Ohio; and
✓
No. 422. The First National Bank of St. Clairsville, Ohio, appel-
lant, v. Homer J. Findley, as County Treasurer of Belmont County,
Ohio, et al. Appeals from the Supreme Court of the State of Ohio.
Per curiam: The judgments are affirmed on the authority of Abereen
Bank v.
Chehalis County, 166 U. S. 440, 443–6; Citizens National Bank
v. Kentucky, 217 U. S. 443, 451; Des Moines National Bank v. Fair-
weather, 263 U. S. 103, 110-12; and Colorado National Bank v. Bed-
ford, 310 U. S. 41, 52–3.
No. 435. Brotherhood of Railway & Steamship Clerks, Freight
Handlers, Express and Station Employees et al., petitioners, v. United
Transport Service Employees of America et al. On petition for writ
of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the District of
Columbia. Per curiam: The petition for writ of certiorari is granted
and the judgment is reversed on the authority of General Committee

MONDAY, DECEMBER 6, 1943
73
of Adjustment v. Missouri-Kansas-Texas Railroad Co.; General Com-
mittee of Adjustment v. Southern Pacific Company; General Griev-
ance Committee v. General Committee of Adjustment; and Switch-
men's Union of North America v. National Mediation Board, Nos. 23,
27, 41, and 48, respectively, decided November 22, 1943.
No. 487. George Kelley, appellant v. State of California. Appeal
from the Supreme Court of California. Per curiam: The motion
for leave to proceed in forma pauperis is granted. The appeal is
dismissed for want of jurisdiction. Section 237 (a), Judicial Code,
as amended, 28 U. S. C., sec. 344 (a). Treating the papers whereon
the appeal was allowed as a petition for writ of certiorari as required
by section 237 (c) of the Judicial Code as amended, 28 U. S. C., sec.
344 (c), certiorari is denied.
No. 213. Twisp Mining & Smelting Company, appellant, v. Chelan
Mining Company, Seattle First National Bank, as Receiver, etc., et
al. Appeal from the Supreme Court of Washington. Per curiam:
Appellant having filed a petition for rehearing and an amended jur-
isdictional statement which conforms to Rule 12, par. 1, the petition.
for rehearing is granted and the order of October 11, 1943, dismissing
the appeal and denying the petition for writ of certiorari is vacated.
The appeal is dismissed for want of jurisdiction. Section 237 (a) of
the Judicial Code, as amended, 28 U. S. C. sec. 344 (a). The petition
for a writ of certiorari is denied. Mr. Justice Douglas took no part in
the consideration or decision of this case.
i
The Chief Justice said:
"The other orders of the Court appear upon the list certified by
the Chief Justice and filed with the clerk and will not be announced
orally."
No. Arthur S. Humes, petitioner, v. The United States. Ap-
plication denied. Mr. Justice Murphy took no part in the considera-
tion or decision of this application.
No. Robert Blaydes, petitioner, v. Joseph E. Ragen, Warden,
etc. Application denied.
No.. Harold D. Reed, petitioner, v. Ray L. Huff, General Sup-
erintendent, etc. The motion for leave to file a petition for a writ
of certiorari is denied.
No.
-
Ex parte Raymond Paul Hile, petitioner ;
No. . Ex parte Dewey Gooch, petitioner;
Ex parte Paul O'Neil, petitioner;
No.
No.
No.
-
-
-.
Ex parte Harry Miller, petitioner; and
Ex parte Harold Jackson, petitioner. The motions for
leave to file petitions for writs of habeas corpus are denied.

-.
MONDAY, DECEMBER 6, 1943
74
No. Ex parte United States of America upon the relation and
for the use of The Tennessee Valley Authority, petitioner. The mo-
tion for leave to file a petition for writ of mandamus or writ of pro-
hibition is denied without prejudice to the filing of an application
for a writ of certiorari. Mr. Justice Black, Mr. Justice Douglas, Mr.
Justice Murphy, and Mr. Justice Rutledge think that a rule to show
cause should issue.
No. 499. Patricia R. O'Brien, petitioner, v. Edwin J. O'Brien, Jr.,
et al. The rule requiring the printing of the record is waived in this
case and the petition for writ of certiorari will be considered on the
typewritten record with leave to the parties to refer to and quote
from the typewritten record in their briefs.
No. 51. Lonnie E. Smith, petitioner, v. S. E. Allright, Election
Judge, et al. The motion of the State of Texas for leave to file a
brief and to present oral argument as amicus curiae is granted and
the case is restored to the docket and assigned for reargument on
Monday, January 10, next.
No. 105. Eastern-Central Motor Carriers Association et al., appel-
lants, v. The United States of America et al. The motion of The
National Industrial Traffic League to intervene is granted.
No. 251. Bernard Paul Coy, petitioner, v. James A. Johnston,
Warden, etc. Time within which to file petition for rehearing ex-
tended to and including January 3, 1944.
No. 238, October Term, 1942. Thelma Martin, appellant, v. City
of Struthers, Ohio. The motion of appellee to reassess costs in this
case is denied and it is ordered that costs in the amount of $175.90
be assessed against appellee.
No. 119. William Roy Miller, petitioner, v. The United States of
America. The motion for leave to proceed in forma pauperis is
granted. The petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of
Appeals for the Fifth Circuit is also granted.
No. 439. Harrison E. Fryberger, petitioner, v. Consolidated Elec-
tric and Gas Company et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
Supreme Court of New York, County of New York, denied.
No. 445. Bonwit Teller, Inc., petitioner, v. Commissioner of In-
ternal Revenue. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court
of Appeals for the Second Circuit denied.
No. 449. Merger Mines Corporation et al., petitioners, v. J. V.
Grismer, P. R. Simpson, et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
Circuit Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit denied.
No. 455. Le Roy J. Leishman, petitioner, v. Associated Wholesale
Electric Company. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit
Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit denied.

MONDAY, DECEMBER 6, 1943
75
No. 458. National Securities Corporation, Successor, etc., petitioner,
v. Commissioner of Internal Revenue. Petition for writ of certiorari
to the Circuit Court of Appeals for the Third Circuit denied.
No. 461. George F. Salomon, petitioner, v. The City of New York.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of Appeals for
the Second Circuit denied.
No. 466. Daniel S. Gillmor, petitioner, v. The Indianapolis Gas
Company and City of Indianapolis;
>
No. 467. Henry H. Abrams, petitioner, v. The Indianapolis Gas
Company and City of Indianapolis; and
No. 468. Pyramid Commercial Corporation, suing on its own behalf
etc., petitioner, v. The Indianapolis Gas Company and City of In-
dianapolis. Petition for writs of certiorari to the Circuit Court of
Appeals for the Seventh Circuit denied.
No. 485. Guy Whiteford, petitioner, v. The Hecht Company. Peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the District of Columbia denied.
No. 460. C. D. Robinson, as Administrator, etc., petitioner, v. Lin-
field College, a corporation, State of Washington, et al. Petition for
writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of Appeals for the Ninth
Circuit denied.
No. 440. Rose M. O'Hara, petitioner, v. Maurice J. Murphy, Special
Administrator, et al. Motion for leave to proceed on the type-
written record granted. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Cir-
cuit Court of Appeals for the First Circuit denied.
No. 454. Alice Billingsley, petitioner, v. C. B. Horrall, Chief of
Police. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Cal-
ifornia denied. The motion for leave to file a petition for writ of
habeas corpus is also denied.
No. 451. Roy Bess, petitioner, v. Nathan Mayo, as Custodian of the
Florida State Prison. The motion for leave to proceed in forma
pauperis is granted. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme
Court of Florida denied. Motion for leave to file petition for writ
of habeas corpus also denied.
No. 475. Georgia M. Spruill, petitioner, v. William T. Ballard et al.
The motion for leave to proceed in forma pauperis is granted. The
motion to strike and expunge brief of respondent from the record
is denied. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court
of Appeals for the District of Columbia denied.
No. 480. Virginia Harris Cohen, petitioner, v. Lewis Randall, as
Executor, etc. The motion for leave to proceed in forma pauperis
is granted. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of Ap-
peals for the Second Circuit denied.

MONDAY, DECEMBER 6, 1943
76
No. 18. Thad Benson Carter, petitioner, v. George A. Kubler;
No. 137. Joe T. Powell, petitioner, v. Joseph W. Sanford, Warden,
etc.;
No. 187. The People of the State of New York on the relation of
Stephen Rogalski, petitioner, v. Walter B. Martin, as Warden, etc.;
No. 214. Gilcrease Oil Company, petitioner, v. G. M. Cosby et al.;
No. 377. Nathan Goldsmith et al., petitioners, v. The United States
of America;
No. 389. Wayne M. Neal et al., petitioners, v. State of Florida
et al.;
No. 390. William Niklaus et al., petitioners, v. The Lincoln Joint
Stock Land Bank of Lincoln, Nebraska;
No. 407. Joe Lash, petitioner, v. State of Alabama; and
No. 431. Vincent Raymond Dunne et al., petitioners, v. The United
States of America. The petitions for rehearing are denied.
No. 21. The United States of America, ex. rel. Murray Brensilber,
et al., etc., petitioners, v. Bausch & Lomb Optical Company et al. The
petitions for rehearing are denied. Mr. Justice Black, Mr. Justice
Douglas, Mr. Justice Murphy, and Mr. Justice Rutledge think the
petitions should be granted. Mr. Justice Jackson took no part in the
consideration or decision of these applications.
No. 448. The Niagara Falls Power Company, petitioner, v. Federal
Power Commission. The petition for rehearing is denied. Mr. Jus-
tice Jackson took no part in the consideration or decision of this
application.
No. Ex parte Wade H. Cooper, petitioner. Motion for leave to
file petition for writ of mandamus presented.
No. 52. William J. Demorest, Jr., et al., appellants, v. City Bank
Farmers Trust Company, as Trustee, etc., et al. Francis J. Mahoney,
special guardian, substituted as a party appellant in the place and stead
of Gerald P. Culkin, on motion of counsel for appellants.
No. 4. J. Oliver Hill, Administrator etc., petitioner, v. Francis L.
Hawes, Individually, etc. Argued by Mr. Henry L. Johnson, Jr., for
the petitioner and by Mr. John B. Gunion for the respondent.
No. 20. State of California et al., appellants, v. The United States
of America, et al.; and
No. 22. City of Oakland, a municipal corporation, etc., appellant,
v. The United States of America et al. Three hours allowed for oral
argument. Argued by Mr. Lucas E. Kilkenny for the appellants in

MONDAY, DECEMBER 6, 1943
77
No. 20; by Mr. W. Reginald Jones for the appellant in No. 22; and
by Mr. Solicitor General Fahy for the appellee.
Adjourned until tomorrow at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Tuesday, December 7, will be as follows: Nos. 56,
70, 68, 62 (and 64), 83, 54 (and 55), 58 (and 59), 52, 227, and 57.
Х

TUESDAY, DECEMBER 7, 1943
78
88
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
"
Present: The Chief Justice, Mr. Justice Roberts, Mr. Justice Black,
Mr. Justice Reed, Mr. Justice Frankfurter, Mr. Justice Douglas, Mr.
Justice Murphy, Mr. Justice Jackson, and Mr. Justice Rutledge.
M. L. Bluhm, of Chicago, Ill.; and George H. Happ, of Washington,
D. C., were admitted to practice.
No. 56. The Atlantic Refining Company, Owner, etc., petitioner, v.
A. P. Moller, Claimant, etc. Argued by Mr. Otto Wolff, Jr., for the
petitioner and by Mr. J. Harry LaBrum for the respondent.
No. 70. Charles M. Thomson, as Trustee, etc., appellant, v. The
United States of America et al. Argued by Mr. Nye F. Morehouse
for the appellant and by Mr. Robert L. Pierce for the appellees.
No. 68. The United States of America, appellant, v. Charles A.
Gaskin. Argument commenced by Mr. W. Marvin Smith for the ap-
pellant.
Adjourned until tomorrow at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Wednesday, December 8, will be as follows: Nos.
68, 62 (and 64), 83, 54 (and 55), 58 (and 59), 52, 227, 57, 117,
and 109.
☑
554209-43-26

WEDNESDAY, DECEMBER 8, 1943
79
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: The Chief Justice, Mr. Justice Roberts, Mr. Justice
Black, Mr. Justice Reed, Mr. Justice Frankfurter, Mr. Justice Doug-
las, Mr. Justice Murphy, Mr. Justice Jackson, and Mr. Justice Rut-
ledge.
Richard B. Persinger, of New York City, was admitted to prac-
tice.
No. 68. The United States of America, appellant, v. Charles A.
Gaskin. Argument concluded by Mr. Marion B. Kinght for the ap-
pellee.
No. 62. The United States of America, appellant, v. Bausch &
Lomb Optical Company et al.; and
No. 64. Soft-Lite Lens Company, Inc., et al., appellants, v. The
United States of America. Three and one-half hours allowed for
oral argument. Argued by Mr. Assistant Attorney General Berge for
The United States; by Mr. Bethuel M. Webster for Soft-Lite Lens
Co., Inc., et al.; and by Mr. Whitney North Seymour for Bausch &
Lomb Optical Company et al.
No. 83. The United States of America, appellant, v. Jacob Hark
and Hyman Yaffee, Co-partners, etc. Argument commenced by Mr.
Paul A. Freund for the appellant.
Adjourned until tomorrow at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Thursday, December 9, will be as follows: Nos.
83, 54 (and 55), 58 (and 59), 52, 227, 57, 117, 109, 84, and 94.
554209-43-27

THURSDAY, DECEMBER 9, 1943
80
60
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: The Chief Justice, Mr. Justice Roberts, Mr. Justice Black,
Mr. Justice Reed, Mr. Justice Frankfurter, Mr. Justice Douglas, Mr.
Justice Murphy, Mr. Justice Jackson, and Mr. Justice Rutledge.
Albert Stickney, of New York City, and Joseph Bernard Dawsey,
of Detroit, Mich., were admitted to practice.
No. 83. The United States of America, appellant, v. Jacob Hark
and Hyman Yaffee, Copartners, etc. Argument continued by Mr.
Paul A. Freund for the appellant; Mr. William H. Lewis for the
appellee; and concluded by Mr. Paul A. Freund for the appellant.
No. 54. The Mercoid Corporation, petitioner, v. Mid-Continent
Investment Company et al.; and
No. 55. The Mercoid Corporation, petitioner, v. Mid-Continent
Investment Company et al. Argued by Mr. George L. Wilkinson for
the petitioner; by Mr. Casper W. Ooms for the respondent, Mid-
Continent Investment Company; and by Mr. W. P. Bair for the re-
spondent, Minneapolis-Honeywell Regulator Company.
No. 58. The Mercoid Corporation, petitioner, v. Minneapolis-
oneywell Regulator Company; and
No. 59. The Mercoid Corporation, petitioner, v. Minneapolis-
Honeywell Regulator Company. Argument commenced by Mr.
George L. Wilkinson for the petitioner.
Adjourned until tomorrow at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Friday, December 10, will be as follows: Nos. 58
(and 59), 52, 227, 57, 117, 109, 98, 84, 94, and 105.
✓
554209-43- -28

1
FRIDAY, DECEMBER 10, 1943
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
81
Present: The Chief Justice, Mr. Justice Roberts, Mr. Justice Black,
Mr. Justice Reed, Mr. Justice Frankfurter, Mr. Justice Douglas, Mr.
Justice Murphy, Mr. Justice Jackson, and Mr. Justice Rutledge.
Hugh Huntington, of Columbus, Ohio; Gabriel de la Haba, of San
Juan, P. R.; Richard A. Williams, of Washington, D. C.; Roy Hal-
quist, of Washington, D. C.; Samuel G. Coler, of Brooklyn, N. Y.;
Elmer E. Hazard, of Jacksonville, Fla., and Hardy Moore Graham, of
Meridian, Miss., were admitted to practice.
No. 58. The Mercoid Corporation, petitioner, v. Minneapolis-
Honeywell Regulator Company; and
No. 59. The Mercoid Corporation, petitioner, v. Minneapolis-
Honeywell Regulator Company. Argument continued by Mr. George
L. Wilkinson for the petitioner and by Mr. Will Freeman for
respondent; and concluded by Mr. George L. Wilkinson for the
petitioner.
No. 52. William J. Demorest, Jr., et al., appellants, v. City Bank
Farmers Trust Company, etc., et al. Argued by Mr. Francis J. Ma-
honey for appellants; by Mr. Albert Stickney for the appellee, Emma
M. West; and by Mr. C. Alexander Capron for the appellee, City Bank
Farmers Trust Co., Trustee.
No. 227. Thomas B. Dyett, etc., appellant, v. Title Guarantee and
Trust Co. et al. Argued by Mr. James N. Vaughan for the appellant
and Mr. Louis J. Merrell for the appellees.
Adjourned until Monday next at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Monday, December 13, will be as follows: Nos. 57,
117, 109, 98, 84, 94, 105, 71, 142 (143, 144, 145, and 146), and
199.
554209-43-29

MONDAY, DECEMBER 13, 1943
82
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: The Chief Justice, Mr. Justice Roberts, Mr. Justice Black,
Mr. Justice Reed, Mr. Justice Frankfurter, Mr. Justice Douglas, Mr.
Justice Murphy, Mr. Justice Jackson, and Mr. Justice Rutledge.
Maurice Dorian Powell, of Kirkland, Wash.; Melvin Richter, of
Boston, Mass.; Leonard Blaylock, of Cameron, Tex.; Robert Fenton
Garfield, of San Diego, Calif.; James A. Emmert, of Shelbyville, Ind. .;
and James S. McCarthy, of Whiting, Ind., were admitted to practice.
No. 38. Colgate-Palmolive-Peet Company, petitioner, v. The
United States of America; and
No. 39. Colgate-Palmolive-Peet Company, petitioner, v. The
United States of America. On writs of certiorari to the United States
Circuit Court of Appeals for the Third Circuit. Judgments affirmed
and cases remanded to the District Court of the United States for the
District of Delaware. Opinion by Mr. Justice Reed. Mr. Justice
Roberts and Mr. Justice Jackson took no part in the consideration or
decision of these cases.
The Chief Justice said:
"The orders of the Court appear upon the list certified by The
Chief Justice and filed with the clerk and will not be announced
orally."
No. 502. Bernard Eugene Smith et al., as co-partners, trading and
doing business under the firm name and style of Thomson & McKin-
non, appellants, v. J. N. Lummas, Jr., as Tax Assessor of Dade County,
Florida, et al. Appeal from the Supreme Court of Florida. Per
curiam: The motion to dismiss is granted and the appeal is dismissed
for the want of a substantial federal question. Metropolitan Life
Ins. Co. v. New Orleans, 205 U. S. 395; Liverpool Ins. Co. v. Board
of Assessors, 221 U. S. 346; Curry v. McCanless, 307 U. S. 357, 368.
No.. Ex parte Edward Casebeer, petitioner; and
No.
Ex parte Frank J. Kane, petitioner. The motions for leave
to file petitions for writs of habeas corpus are denied.
No.
Ex parte Henry Hawk, petitioner. A rule is ordered to
issue returnable January 10, 1944, requiring respondent to show cause
why leave to file the petition for writ of habeas corpus should not be
granted.
554209-43- -30

MONDAY, DECEMBER 13, 1943
83
No.. Ex parte Wade H. Cooper, petitioner. The motion to waive
printing of the motion for leave to file and petition for writ of man-
damus is granted. The motion for leave to file petition for writ of
mandamus is denied.
No. 119. William Roy Miller, petitioner, v. The United States of
America. The Court directs that the expense of printing the record
in this case be paid by the United States pursuant to 28 U. S. C. sec.
832.
No. 482. Chicago, Saint Paul, Minneapolis & Omaha Railway Com-
pany, et al., appellants, v. The United States of America et al.; and
No. 486. Lester Follett, appellant, v. Town of McCormick, South
Carolina. In these cases probable jurisdiction is noted and the cases
are transferred to the summary docket.
No. 398. Hazel-Atlas Glass Company, petitioner, v. Hartford-Em-
pire Company; and
No. 423. Shawkee Manufacturing Company et al., petitioners, v.
Hartford-Empire Company. Petitions for writs of certiorari to the
Circuit Court of Appeals for the Third Circuit granted.
No. 483. Clifford F. MacEvoy Company et al., petitioners, v. The
United States of America for the use and benefit of Calvin Tomkins
Company. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of
Appeals for the Third Circuit granted and the case is transferred to
the summary docket. The Solicitor General is invited to file a brief
as amicus curiae if he is so advised.
No. 456. Charles E. Leydecker, petitioner, v. The United States.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Claims denied.
No. 471. Rathjen Brothers, petitioner, v. The United States of
America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court
of Customs and Patent Appeals denied.
No. 478. Fides, A. G., petitioner, v. Commissioner of Internal Rev-
enue. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of Appeals
for the Fourth Circuit denied.
No. 481. Safeway Stores, incorporated, petitioner, v. Chester
Bowles, Price Administrator. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
United States Emergency Court of Appeals denied.
No. 484. Ann Stanziale, petitioner, v. Lt. Col. Holmes G. T. Paul-
lin, Commanding Officer, Fort Dix, N. J. Petition for writ of cer-
tiorari to the. Circuit Court of Appeals for the Third Circuit denied.
No. 462. Richard A. Knight, petitioner, v. The Bar Association of
the City of New York. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court
of Appeals of New York denied. Mr. Justice Murphy is of opinion
that certiorari should be granted.
A

MONDAY, DECEMBER 13, 1943
84
No. 479. Mittie Maude Lena Gordon and Seon Emanuel Jones,
petitioners, v. The United States of America. The motion for leave
to proceed in forma pauperis is granted. Petition for writ of cer-
tiorari to the Circuit Court of Appeals for the Seventh Circuit denied.
No. 426. Lester Ettman, petitioner, v. Federal Life Insurance Com-
pany. Petition for rehearing denied.
ORDER
The Court will take a recess from Monday, December 20, until
Monday, January 3, 1944.
No. 57. Joseph E. Snowden, petitioner, v. Edward J. Hughes,
Louie E. Lewis, et al., etc. Argued by Mr. W. R. Ming for the peti-
tioner and by Mr. William C. Wines for the respondents, Edward
J. Hughes et al., and case submitted by Mr. Isaac E. Ferguson for
the respondents Robert E. Straus et al., as Co-executors etc. Leave
granted petitioner to file memorandum by Friday, next.
No. 117. District of Columbia, petitioner, v. Elizabeth C. Pace.
Argued by Mr. Glenn Simmon for the petitioner and by Mr. Elmer
E. Hazard for the respondent.
No. 109. City of Yonkers and John W. Tooley, Jr., as President
of Committee of Yonkers Commuters, etc., appellants, v. The United
States of America et al. Argument commenced by Mr. John J.
Broderick for the appellant, City of Yonkers.
Adjourned until tomorrow at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Tuesday, December 14, will be as follows: Nos.
109, 98, 84, 94, 105, 71, 142 (143, 144, 145, and 146), 99,
159, and 158.

TUESDAY, DECEMBER 14, 1943
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
85
Present: The Chief Justice, Mr. Justice Roberts, Mr. Justice Black,
Mr. Justice Reed, Mr. Justice Frankfurter, Mr. Justice Douglas, Mr.
Justice Murphy, Mr. Justice Jackson, and Mr. Justice Rutledge.
Myron K. Wilson, of New York City, was admitted to practice.
No. 475. Georgia M. Spruill, petitioner, v. William T. Ballard
et al. Time within which to file petition for rehearing extended to
and including January 29, 1944.
No. 109. City of Yonkers and John W. Tooley, Jr., as President
of Committee of Yonkers Commuters, etc., appellants, v. The United
States of America et al. Argument continued by Mr. Horace M. Gray
for the appellant, John W. Tooley, Jr., as President, etc.; by Mr. J.
Stanley Payne for appellees, The United States and Interstate Com-
merce Commission; by Mr. Harold E. McLean for appellee, New York
Central Railroad Company; by Mr. John J. Broderick for appellant,
City of Yonkers; and concluded by Mr. Horace M. Gray for appel-
lant, John W. Tooley, Jr., President, etc.
No. 98. Sarah Prince, appellant, v. Commonwealth of Massa-
chusetts. Argued by Mr. Hayden C. Covington for the appellant
and by Mr. R. T. Bushnell for the appellee.
No. 84. Dixie Pine Products Company, petitioner, v. Commissioner
of Internal Revenue. Argument commenced by Mr. T. J. Wills for
the petitioner.
Adjourned until tomorrow at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Wednesday, December 15, will be as follows:
Nos. 84, 94, 105, 71, 99, 142 (143, 144, 145, and 146), 159, 193,
and 200.
554209-43- -31
"
1

WEDNESDAY, DECEMBER 15, 1943
86
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: The Chief Justice, Mr. Justice Roberts, Mr. Justice Black,
Mr. Justice Reed, Mr. Justice Frankfurter, Mr. Justice Douglas, Mr.
Justice Murphy, Mr. Justice Jackson, and Mr. Justice Rutledge.
Seddon G. Boxley, of Washington, D. C.; Benjamin Busch, of New
York City; Sanford A. Headley, of Cincinnati, Ohio; David S. Jack-
son, of Buffalo, N. Y.; Scott Jordan, of Fairfield, Iowa; Henry W.
Dieringer, of Chicago, Ill.; and William T. Murphy, of Chicago, Ill.,
were admitted to practice.
No. 158. The B. F. Goodrich Company, petitioner, v. The United
States of America. Leave granted to withdraw appearances of E.
Barrett Prettyman, F. G. Awalt, and Raymond Sparks as counsel for
the petitioner, on motion of Mr. E. Barrett Prettyman, Mr. F. G.
Awalt, and Mr. Raymond Sparks in that behalf.
No. 84. Dixie Pine Products Company, petitioner, v. Commis-
sioner of Internal Revenue. Argument continued by Mr. T. J. Wills
for the petitioner and concluded by Mr. Arnold Raum for the respond-
ent.
No. 94. Mary Tennant, Administratrix etc., petitioner, v. Peoria
and Pekin Union Railway Company. Argued by Mr. William H.
Allen for the petitioner and by Mr. Eugene E. Horton for the re-
spondent.
No. 105. Eastern-Central Motor Carriers Association et al., appel-
lants, v. The United States of America et al. Argument commenced
by Mr. Charles B. Cotterill for the appellants and continued by Mr.
Robert L. Pierce for appellees, The United States and Interstate Com-
merce Commission.
Adjourned until tomorrow at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Thursday, December 16, will be as follows: Nos.
105, 71, 99, 142 (143, 144, 145, and 146), 159, 193, and 200.
☑
554209-43-32

THURSDAY, DECEMBER 16, 1943
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
87
Present: The Chief Justice, Mr. Justice Roberts, Mr. Justice
Black, Mr. Justice Reed, Mr. Justice Frankfurter, Mr. Justice
Douglas, Mr. Justice Murphy, Mr. Justice Jackson, and Mr. Justice
Rutledge.
Clarence F. Purdy, of Celina, Ohio; James J. Cannon, of New
York City; Orville A. Troy, of Cincinnati, Ohio; Freeman B. Irby,
of Topeka, Kans.; Elizabeth Watkins Hulen, of Jackson, Miss.; and
Rosemary Brennan, of Indianapolis, Ind., were admitted to practice.
No. 105. Eastern-Central Motor Carriers Association et al., appel-
lants, v. The United States of America et al. Argument concluded
by Mr. Robert L. Pierce for the appellees and case submitted by Mr.
Luther M. Walter, Mr. Nuel D. Belnap, and Mr. John S. Burchmore
for intervener, The National Industrial Traffic League.
No. 71. The United States of America, petitioner, v. Frank
Laudani. Argued by Mr. Chester T. Lane for the petitioner and
case submitted by Mr. Harold Simandl for the respondent.
No. 99. Illinois Steel Company, petitioner, v. Baltimore and Ohio
Railroad Company. Argued by Mr. Paul R. Conaghan for the peti-
tioner and by Mr. Francis R. Cross for the respondent.
No. 142. The United States, petitioner, v. Howard C. Myers;
No. 143. The United States, petitioner, v. John H. Arble;
No. 144. The United States, petitioner, v. Charles C. Martin;
No. 145. The United States, petitioner, v. Walter O. Plitz; and
No. 146. The United States, petitioner, v. George H. Spitz. Argu-
ment commenced by Mr. Assistant Attorney General Shea for the
petitioner.
Adjourned until tomorrow at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Friday, December 17, will be as follows: Nos. 142
(143, 144, 145, and 146), 159, and 193.
554209-43-33

FRIDAY, DECEMBER 17, 1943
88
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: The Chief Justice, Mr. Justice Roberts, Mr. Justice Black,
Mr. Justice Reed, Mr. Justice Frankfurter, Mr. Justice Douglas,
Mr. Justice Murphy, Mr. Justice Jackson, and Mr. Justice Rutledge.
K. Elizabeth Ohi, of Chicago, Ill.; Erskine Biddle Wood, of Port-
land, Oreg.; Seymour Miller Klein, of New York City; Oppie L.
Hedrick, of Beckley, W. Va.; and Irvin Long, of Detroit, Mich.,
were admitted to practice.
No. 119. William Roy Miller, petitioner, v. The United States of
America. It is ordered that Gerhard A. Gesell, Esq., of Washington,
D. C., a member of the bar of this Court, be appointed to serve as
counsel for the petitioner in this case.
No. 142. The United States, petitioner, v. Howard C. Myers;
No. 143. The United States, petitioner, v. John H. Arble;
No. 144. The United States, petitioner, v. Charles C. Martin;
No. 145. The United States, petitioner, v. Walter O. Plitz; and
No. 146. The United States, petitioner, v. George H. Spitz. Argu-
ment continued by Mr. Assistant Attorney General Shea for the
petitioner and concluded by Mr. Robert M. Drysdale for the
respondents.
No. 159. Mrs. Eula May Walton, Administratrix, etc., petitioner,
v. Southern Package Corporation. Argued by Mr. Robert L. Stern
for the Administrator of Wage and Hour Division, United States
Department of Labor, as amicus curiae, by special leave of Court,
and by Mrs. Elizabeth Hulen for the respondent; and case submitted
by Mr. Charles F. Engle for the petitioner.
No. 193. Samuel Feldman, petitioner, v. The United States of
America. Argued by Mr. Seymour M. Klein for the petitioner and
by Mr. Chester T. Lane for the respondent. Leave granted peti-
tioner to file a reply brief within one week.
Adjourned until Monday, December 20 next, at 12 o'clock.
☑
554209-43-34
A

MONDAY, DECEMBER 20, 1943
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
89
Present: The Chief Justice, Mr. Justice Roberts, Mr. Justice Black,
Mr. Justice Reed, Mr. Justice Frankfurter, Mr. Justice Douglas, Mr.
Justice Murphy, Mr. Justice Jackson, and Mr. Justice Rutledge.
Allen P. Twyman, of East Chicago, Ind.; Jim Bolger, of Los
Angeles, Calif.; Austin J. Lilly, of Baltimore, Md.; Jewell I. Dilsaver,
of Mattoon, Ill.; Russell B. James, of Mattoon, Ill.; Reuben Goldberg,
of Washington, D. C.; and Claude O. Pearcy, of St. Louis, Mo., were
admitted to practice.
No. 44. John V. Dobson, petitioner, v. Commissioner of Internal
Revenue;
No. 45. E. W. Dobson, petitioner, v. Commissioner of Internal
Revenue;
No. 46. Estate of James N. Collins, deceased, First National Bank
and Trust Company of Minneapolis, Executor, petitioner, v. Commis-
sioner of Internal Revenue; and
No. 47. H. J. Harwick, petitioner, v. Commissioner of Internal
Revenue. On writs of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court
of Appeals for the Eighth Circuit. Judgment in No. 47 affirmed;
judgments in Nos. 44, 45, and 46 reversed, and causes remanded to
the said Circuit Court of Appeals for further proceedings in conform--
ity with the opinion of this Court. Opinion by Mr. Justice Jackson.
No. 26. Irene Brady, Administratrix of the estate of Earle A.
Brady, deceased, petitioner, v. Southern Railway Company. On writ
of certiorari to the Supreme Court of the State of North Carolina.
Judgment affirmed with costs. Opinion by Mr. Justice Reed. Dis-
senting opinion by Mr. Justice Black in which Mr. Justice Douglas,
Mr. Justice Murphy, and Mr. Justice Rutledge concur.
No. 56. The Atlantic Refining Company, owner of The Tank
Steamship "Bohemian Club," petitioner, v. A. P. Moller, Claimant of
The Motor-Vessel "Laura Maersk." On writ of certiorari to the
United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Third Circuit. Judg-
ment reversed with costs and cause remanded to the District Court of
the United States for the Eastern District of Pennsylvania for further
proceedings in conformity with the opinion of this Court. Opinion by
Mr. Justice Black.
554209-43-35

"
MONDAY, DECEMBER 20, 1943
90
No. 63. Commissioner of Internal Revenue, petitioner, v. S. B.
Heininger. On writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of
Appeals for the Seventh Circuit. Judgment affirmed and cause re-
manded to said Circuit Court of Appeals. Opinion by Mr. Justice
Black.
No. 29. Magnolia Petroleum Company et al., petitioners, v. Sul-
livan H. Hunt. On writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeal, First
Circuit, State of Louisiana. Judgment reversed with costs and cause
remanded to said Court of Appeal for further proceedings not incon-
sistent with the opinion of this Court. Opinion by Mr. Chief Justice
Stone. Opinion by Mr. Justice Jackson concurring in the opinion of
the Chief Justice. Dissenting opinion by Mr. Justice Douglas in
which Mr. Justice Murphy joins. Dissenting opinion by Mr. Justice
Black in which Mr. Justice Douglas, Mr. Justice Murphy, and Mr.
Justice Rutledge concur.
The Chief Justice announced the following orders of the Court:
No. 504. Chicago and North Western Railway Company, appel-
lant, v. The United States of America, Interstate Commerce Com-
mission, et al. Appeal from the District Court of the United States.
for the Northern District of Illinois: Per curiam: The motions to
affirm are granted and the judgment is affirmed. (1) Sec. 77 (e) and
(f) of the Bankruptcy Act; Ecker v. Western Pacific Railroad Cor-
poration, 318 U. S. 448, 471–475; Group of Investors v. C. M. St. P. &
P. Railroad Co., 318 U. S. 523, 564. (2) Great Northern Railway v.
United States, 277 U. S. 172, 180–183; United States v. Griffin, 303
U. S. 226, 234–237.
No. 266. Carter H. Harrison, Collector of Internal Revenue for
the First District of Illinois, petitioner, v. Durkee Famous Foods,
Inc., a corporation. On petition for writ of certiorari to the United
States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Seventh Circuit. Per curiam:
The petition for writ of certiorari in this case is granted. The judg-
ment is reversed upon the authority of Nos. 38 and 39, Colgate-
Palmolive-Peet Co. v. The United States, decided December 13, 1943.
The Chief Justice said:
"The other orders of the Court appear upon the list certified by
the Chief Justice and filed with the Clerk and will not be announced
orally."
No. - Ex parte Percy Watts, petitioner. The motion for leave
to file petition for writ of habeas corpus is denied.

MONDAY, DECEMBER 20, 1943
91
No. 5, original. The State of Colorado, complainant, v. The State
of Kansas et al. The motion of defendants to extend the time within
which to file petition for rehearing is granted and the time is extended
60 days from December 31 next.
No. 463. Lee Arenas, petitioner, v. The United States of America.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of Appeals for the
Ninth Circuit granted.
No. 492. The Equitable Life Assurance Society of the United
States, petitioner, v. Commissioner of Internal Revenue. Petition
for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of Appeals for the Second
Circuit granted limited to the second question presented by the peti-
tion and the case is transferred to the summary docket.
No. 299. Mars, Incorporated, petitioner, v. Chester Bowles, Ad-
ministrator, etc. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court
of Appeals for the Eighth Circuit denied.
No. 469. Oil City Refiners, Inc., petitioner, v. Socony-Vacuum Oil
Company, Incorporated; and
No. 503. Socony-Vacuum Oil Company, Incorporated, petitioner,
v. Oil City Refiners, Inc. Petitions for writs of certiorari to the Cir-
cuit Court of Appeals for the Sixth Circuit denied.
No. 474. Martin B. Robinson, petitioner, v. State of Michigan.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Michigan
denied. Mr. Justice Rutledge took no part in the consideration or
decision of this application.
No. 490. Trico Products Corporation, petitioner, v. Commissioner
of Internal Revenue. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit
Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit denied. Mr. Justice Jackson
took no part in the consideration or decision of this application.
No. 5. The United States of America, petitioner, v. Joseph H. Dot-
terweich.
No. 189. Laconia Chapelle Burroughs, petitioner, v. Joseph W.
Sanford, Warden, etc.;
No. 432. Milton Roe Sabin and Bertha Florence Sabin, petitioners,
v. A. I. Levorsen et al.; and
No. 473. Max Krauss, Trading as American Cord and Webbing
Company, petitioner, v. Benjamin Greenbarg and Joseph Greenbarg,
Trading as King Kard Overall Company. Petitions for rehearing
denied.
No. Ex parte The Alliance Brass & Bronze Company, petitioner.
Motion for leave to file petition for writ of prohibition or in the alter-
native writ of mandamus presented.
'

MONDAY, DECEMBER 20, 1943
92
No. 329. The United States of America, appellant, w. Berke Cake
Co., Inc., E. L. K. Baking Co., Inc., Irving Berke, et al. Appeal from
the District Court of the United States for the Eastern District of
New York. Dismissed on motion of counsel for the appellant.
Adjourned until Monday, January 3, 1944, at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Monday, January 3, 1944 will be as follows: Nos.
67, 158, 183, 195, 200, 154, 134, 198, 447, and 209.
༣

MONDAY, JANUARY 3, 1944
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
93
Present: The Chief Justice, Mr. Justice Roberts, Mr. Justice Black,
Mr. Justice Reed, Mr. Justice Frankfurter, Mr. Justice Douglas, Mr.
Justice Murphy, Mr. Justice Jackson, and Mr. Justice Rutledge.
Howard R. Johnson, of Milwaukee, Wis.; Wilbert S. Hamilton, of
Los Angeles, Calif.; Benjamin H. Dewey, Jr., of New York City; Sol
Romaner, of New York City; Robert B. Garnett, of New York City;
William H. Bemis, of Cleveland, Ohio; Henry Clyde Johnson, of
Boston, Mass.; and William C. Scott, of New York City, were admitted
to practice.
No. 34. Federal Power Commission, City of Akron and Pennsyl-
vania Public Utility Commission, petitioners, v. Hope Natural Gas
company; and
No. 35. City of Cleveland, petitioner, v. Hope Natural Gas Com-
pany. On writs of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of
Appeals for the Fourth Circuit. Judgment reversed and cases re-
manded to the said Circuit Court of Appeals for further proceedings
in conformity with the opinion of this Court. Opinion by Mr. Justice
Douglas. Mr. Justice Roberts took no part in the consideration or
decision of these cases. Opinion by Mr. Justice Black and Mr. Justice
Murphy. Dissenting opinion by Mr. Justice Reed. Dissenting opinion
by Mr. Justice Frankfurter. Separate opinion by Mr. Justice Jackson.
No. 54. The Mercoid Corporation, petitioner, v. Mid-Continent In-
vestment Company and Minneapolis-Honeywell Regulator Company;
and
No. 55. The Mercoid Corporation, petitioner, v. Mid-Continent In-
vestment Company and Minneapolis-Honeywell Regulator Company;
On writs of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals
for the Seventh Circuit. Judgments reversed with costs and cases re-
manded to the District Court of the United States for the Northern
District of Illinois for further proceedings in conformity with the
opinion of this Court. Opinion by Mr. Justice Douglas. Opinion
of Mr. Justice Black in which Mr. Justice Murphy concurs. Dis-
senting opinion by Mr. Justice Roberts in which Mr. Justice Reed
joins. Dissenting opinion by Mr. Justice Frankfurter. Dissenting
opinion by Mr. Justice Jackson.
No. 58. The Mercoid Corporation, petitioner, v. Minneapolis-
Honeywell Regulator Company; and
554209-44-
-36

MONDAY, JANUARY 3, 1944
94
No. 59. The Mercoid Corporation, petitioner, v. Minneapolis-
Honeywell Regulator Company. On writs of certiorari to the United
States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Seventh Circuit. Judgments
reversed with costs and cases remanded to the District Court of the
United States for the Northern District of Illinois for further pro-
ceedings in conformity with the opinion of this Court. Opinion by
Mr. Justice Douglas. Mr. Justice Roberts, Mr. Justice Reed, Mr.
Justice Frankfurter, and Mr. Justice Jackson concur in the result on
the authority of Morton Salt Co. v. G. S. Suppiger Co., 314 U. S. 488.
No. 109. City of Yonkers and John W. Tooley, Jr., as President of
Committee of Yonkers Commuters, etc., appellants, v. The United
States of America, Interstate Commerce Commission, et al. Appeal
from the District Court of the United States for the Southern District
of New York. Judgment reversed and cause remanded to the said
District Court for further proceedings in conformity with the opinion
of this Court. Opinion by Mr. Justice Douglas. Dissenting opinion
by Mr. Justice Frankfurter in which Mr. Justice Reed and Mr. Justice
Jackson join.
No. 20. State of California and Board of State Harbor Commis-
sioners for San Francisco Harbor, appellants, v. The United States
of America, United States Maritime Commission, et al.; and
No. 22. City of Oakland, a municipal corporation acting by and
through its Board of Port Commissioners, appellant, v. The United
States of America, United States Maritime Commission, et al. Ap-
peals from the District Court of the United States for the Northern
District of California. Judgments affirmed. Opinion by Mr. Justice
Frankfurter. Dissenting opinion by Mr. Justice Roberts in which Mr.
Justice Black, Mr. Justice Douglas, and Mr. Justice Murphy join.
No. 142. The United States, petitioner, v. Howard C. Myers;
No. 143. The United States, petitioner, v. John H. Arble;
No. 144. The United States, petitioner, v. Charles C. Martin;
No. 145. The United States, petitioner, v. Walter O. Plitz; and
No. 146. The United States, petitioner, v. George H. Spitz. On
writs of certiorari to the Court of Claims. Judgment reversed and
proceeding remanded to the Court of Claims for determination of the
claim of the inspectors in accordance with the opinion of this Court.
Opinion by Mr. Justice Reed. Mr. Chief Justice Stone is of the
opinion that the judgment should be reversed in its entirety and the
suits dismissed.
No. 159. Mrs. Eula May Walton, as Administratrix of Fred
Walton, deceased, petitioner, v. Southern Package Corporation. On
writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of the State of Mississippi.
Judgment reversed with costs and cause remanded to the said Supreme

MONDAY, JANUARY 3, 1944
95
Court for further proceedings not inconsistent with the opinion of this
Court. Opinion by Mr. Justice Black. Mr. Justice Roberts concurs
in the result.
No. 71. The United States of America, petitioner, v. Frank
Laudani. On writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court
of Appeals for the Third Circuit. Judgment reversed and cause
remanded to the said Circuit Court of Appeals for consideration and
disposition of other questions not here involved. Opinion by Mr.
Justice Black.
No. 73. Nick Falbo, petitioner, v. The United States of America.
On writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals
for the Third Circuit. Judgment affirmed and cause remanded to
the District Court of the United States for the Western District of
Pennsylvania. Opinion by Mr. Justice Black. Concurring opinion
by Mr. Justice Rutledge. Dissenting opinion by Mr. Justice Murphy.
No. 84. Dixie Pine Products Company, petitioner, v. Commis-
sioner of Internal Revenue. On writ of certiorari to the United
States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit. Judgment
affirmed and cause remanded to the said Circuit Court of Appeals.
Opinion by Mr. Justice Roberts.
No. 4. J. Oliver Hill, Administrator of the Estate of Bertha Byrd,
deceased, petitioner, v. Francis L. Hawes, individually and as trustee
and Raymond D. Evans, Trustee. On writ of certiorari to the United
States Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia. Judg-
ment reversed with costs and cause remanded to the said Court of
Appeals for further proceedings in conformity with the opinion of
this Court. Opinion by Mr. Justice Roberts. Dissenting opinion by
Mr. Chief Justice Stone in which Mr. Justice Murphy concurs.
No. 68. The United States of America, appellant, v. Charles A.
Gaskin. Appeal from the District Court of the United States for the
Northern District of Florida. Judgment reversed and cause remanded
to the said District Court for further proceedings in conformity with
the opinion of this Court. Opinion by Mr. Justice Roberts. Dissent-
ing opinion by Mr. Justice Murphy.
No. 83. The United States of America, appellant, v. Jacob Hark
and Hyman Yaffee, copartners doing business as Liberty Beef Com-
pany. Appeal from the District Court of the United States for the
District of Massachusetts. Judgment reversed and cause remanded to
the said District Court for further proceedings in conformity with the
opinion of this Court. Opinion by Mr. Justice Roberts. Dissenting
opinion by Mr. Justice Murphy in which Mr. Justice Douglas and Mr.
Justice Rutledge join.

MONDAY, JANUARY 3, 1944
96
No. 99. Illinois Steel Company, petitioner, v. Baltimore and Ohio
Railroad Company. On writ of certiorari to the Appellate Court of
the State of Illinois, First District. Judgment reversed with costs and
cause remanded to the said Appellate Court for further proceedings
not inconsistent with the opinion of this Court. Opinion by Mr. Chief
Justice Stone.
The Chief Justice said:
"The other orders of the Court appear upon the list certified by
the Chief Justice and filed with the Clerk and will not be announced
orally."
No. Ex parte Andrew Barnett, petitioner; and
―.
No.. Ex parte Jack A. McCoy, petitioner. Applications denied.
No. Ex parte The Alliance Brass & Bronze Company, petitioner.
The motion for leave to file petition for writ of prohibition or, in the
alternative, mandamus, is denied.
No.. Ex parte Ralph O. Lucas, petitioner ;
-
No. Ex parte N. M. Maxwell, petitioner;
No. Ex parte James Sparks, petitioner;
No. Ex parte Bernard Nelson, petitioner;
-
No. Ex parte Norman Michaud, petitioner; and
-.
No. -. Ex parte H. Ely Goldsmith, petitioner. The motions for
leave to file petitions for writs of habeas corpus are denied.
-.
No. Ex parte Selvie W. Wells, petitioner. A rule is ordered to
issue, returnable within 30 days, requiring the respondent to show
cause why leave to file the petition for writ of habeas corups should
not be granted.
No. 966, October Term, 1941. Charles Jobin, appellant, v. The
State of Arizona. Upon consideration of appellant's motion to com-
pel payment of costs and appellee's reply, it is ordered that appellant's
motion be denied without prejudice to its renewal in the event that
the Attorney General of the State of Arizona does not report the
judgment to the Arizona Legislature at its next session and if so re-
ported the Legislature does not make provision for payment.
No. 159. Mrs. Eula May Walton, Administratrix, etc., petitioner,
v. Southern Package Corporation. The motion for additional attor-
ney's fee is denied without prejudice to an appropriate application to
the Supreme Court of Mississippi.
No. 462. Richard A. Knight, petitioner, v. The Bar Association of
the City of New York. Time within which to file petition for rehear-
ing extended to and including February 7, next.

MONDAY, JANUARY 3, 1944
97
No. 487. George Kelley, appellant, v. State of California. Time
within which to file petition for rehearing extended to and including
January 31, next, and mandate stayed.
No. 49. Ford Motor Company, petitioner, v. Gordon Form Lathe
Company; and
No. 50. Ford Motor Company, petitioner, v. Gordon Form Lathe
Company. Motion for stay of mandate granted and mandate stayed
pending the determination of the petition for rehearing.
No. 142. The United States, petitioner, v. Howard C. Myers;
No. 143. The United States, petitioner, v. John H. Arble;
No. 144. The United States, petitioner, v. Charles C. Martin;
No. 145. The United States, petitioner, v. Walter O. Plitz; and
No. 146. The United States, petitioner, v. George H. Spitz. Mo-
tion for leave to file supplemental memorandum for respondents
granted.
No. 472. The United States of America, petitioner, v. Edna W.
Ballard and Donald Ballard. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
Circuit Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit granted.
No. 476. United States Gypsum Company, petitioner, v. Chester
Bowles, Price Administrator. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
United States Emergency Court of Appeals denied.
No. 500. Henry Baker, petitioner, v. The United States of Amer-
ica. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of Appeals
for the Third Circuit denied.
No. 510. Wilson Milling Company, a dissolved corporation, by
A. J. Landrum, et al., etc., petitioners, v. Commissioner of Internal
Revenue. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of
Appeals for the Eighth Circuit denied.
No. 517. Pen-Ken Gas & Oil Corporation, petitioner, v. Warfield
Natural Gas Company. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit
Court of Appeals for the Sixth Circuit denied.
No. 494. Fred Wayne, petitioner, v. The United States of America.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of Appeals for the
Eighth Circuit denied.
No. 495. Frank W. Lyman et al., executors, petitioners, v. The
United States of America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Cir-
cuit Court of Appeals for the First Circuit denied.
No. 501. Sidney Zernit, petitioner, v. The United States of Amer-
ica. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of Appeals for
the Second Circuit denied.

MONDAY, JANUARY 3, 1944
98
No. 512. Joseph M. Kaiser, petitioner, v. The United States of
America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of Ap-
peals for the Seventh Circuit denied.
No. 513. Grant Lunch Corporation, petitioner, v. Alfred E. Dris-
coll, Commissioner of the State Department of Alcoholic Beverage
Control. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Errors and
Appeals of New Jersey denied.
No. 516. William C. Rafert, Debtor, petitioner, v. The Equitable
Life Assurance Society of the United States. Petition for writ of
certiorari to the Circuit Court of Appeals for the Eighth Circuit
denied.
No. 519. The United States of America, ex rel. Robert E. Lee
Jordon, petitioner, v. Harold L. Ickes, Secretary of the Interior. Peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for
the District of Columbia denied.
No. 523. Middleton & Co. (Canada), Ltd., et al., petitioners, v.
Ocean Dominion Steamship Corporation. Petition for writ of certi-
orari to the Circuit Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit denied.
No. 537. Kersh Lake Drainage District, petitioner, v. State Bank
& Trust Company of Wellston, Missouri. Petition for writ of certi-
orari to the Circuit Court of Appeals for the Eighth Circuit denied.
No. 488. William H. Neblett, Vernon Bettin, et al., petitioners, v.
Anthony Caminetti, Jr., Insurance Commissioner of the State of
California, et al.; and
No. 489. William H. Neblett, Vernon Bettin, Alfred F. McDonald,
et al., petitioners, v. The Pacific Mutual Life Insurance Company of
California et al. Petition for writs of certiorari to the Supreme
Court of California denied. Mr. Justice Reed took no part in the
consideration or decision of this application.
No. 491. Benguet Consolidated Mining Company, petitioner, v.
Idonah Slade Perkins, Samuel I. Hartman, as Receiver, et al. The
motion to use the certified record in Benguet Consolidated Mining
Company v. Perkins et al., No. 968, October Term, 1942, is granted.
The petition for writ of certiorari to the District Court of Appeal,
1st Appellate District, State of California, is denied. The petition
for rehearing in No. 968, October Term, 1942, is denied. Mr. Justice
Murphy took no part in the consideration or decision of these appli-
cations.
No. 511. W. T. Beckham, Clerk, United States District Court,
Western District of Kentucky, petitioner, v. Prentiss M. Brown,
Administrator, Office of Price Administration. The motion to sub-
stitute Chester Bowles, present Administrator, Office of Price Admin-

MONDAY, JANUARY 3, 1944
99
istration, as the party respondent in the place and stead of Prentiss
M. Brown, resigned, is granted. Petition for writ of certiorari to
the Circuit Court of Appeals for the Sixth Circuit denied.
No. 470. H. V. Byers et ux, petitioners, v. J. M. Ward et al. On
petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Tennessee;
No. 496. Jessie William Miller, petitioner, v. The United States of
Amercia. On petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of
Appeals for the Eighth Circuit; and
No. 498. James Dobry, petitioner, v. Neil Olson, Warden of the
Nebraska State Penitentiary at Lancaster, etc. On petition for writ
of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Nebraska. The motions for
leave to proceed in forma pauperis are granted. The petitions for
writs of certiorari are denied.
No. 477. Cassius McDonald, petitioner, v. The United States of
America. The motion for leave to proceed in forma pauperis is
granted. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of Ap-
peals for the Eighth Circuit denied. Mr. Justice Murphy took no
part in the consideration or decision of these applications.
No. 553. Clyde Brazel, petitioner, v. Harry H. Jackson, Warden of
the State Prison of Southern Michigan. The motion for leave to pro-
ceed in forma pauperis is granted. Petition for writ of certiorari to
the Supreme Court of Michigan denied. The motion for leave to file
petition for writ of habeas corpus is also denied.
No. 191. Albert F. Coyle, petitioner, v. The People of the State of
New York. The motion for leave to file a petition for rehearing is
granted. The motion for leave to file a brief of certain attorneys, as
amici curiae, is denied. The petition for rehearing is denied.
No. 418. William Wade, petitioner, v. The People of the State of
New York. The motion for leave to file a petition for rehearing is
granted. The petition for rehearing is denied.
No. 431. Vincent Raymond Dunne, James P. Cannon, et al., peti-
tioners, v. The United States of America. The motion for leave to
file a second petition for rehearing is granted. The second petition
for rehearing is denied.
No. 251. Bernard Paul Coy, petitioner, v. James A. Johnston,
Warden, United States Penitentiary, Alcatraz, California. Petition
for rehearing denied.
No. 11, Original. State of Illinois, complainant, v. State of Indiana
et al. Motion of defendant State of Indiana to dismiss and answers
presented.

MONDAY, JANUARY 3, 1944
100
No. 67. J. I. Case Company, petitioner, v. National Labor Relations
Board. Argued by Mr. Clark M. Robertson for the petitioner and by
Mr. Alvin J. Rockwell for the respondent.
No. 158. The B. F. Goodrich Company, petitioner, v. The United
States of America. Argument commenced by Mr. William H. Bemis
for the petitioner and continued by Mr. Valentine Brookes for the
respondent.
Adjourned until tomorrow at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Tuesday, January 4, will be as follows: Nos. 158,
183, 195, 200, 209, 134, 198, 447, 374 (and 375), and 464.
☑

TUESDAY, JANUARY 4, 1944
101
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: The Chief Justice, Mr. Justice Roberts, Mr. Justice Black,
Mr. Justice Reed, Mr. Justice Frankfurter, Mr. Justice Murphy, Mr.
Justice Jackson, and Mr. Justice Rutledge.
Sam H. Lattimore, of Oklahoma City, Okla.; William K. Tell, of
Findlay, Ohio; William F. Kennedy, of New York City; and Houston
H. Wasson, of New York City, were admitted to practice.
No. 158. The B. F. Goodrich Company, petitioner, v. The United
States of America. Argument continued by Mr. Valentine Brookes
for the respondent and concluded by Mr. William H. Bemis for the
petitioner.
No. 183. B. H. Inness Brown, David Paine, et al., petitioners, v.
John Gerdes and James D. Carpenter, Jr., Trustees, etc. Argued by
Mr. William C. Scott for the petitioners and by Mr. John Gerdes
for the respondents.
No. 195. Northwestern Electric Company and American Power &
Light Company, petitioners, v. Federal Power Commission. Argu-
ment commenced by Mr. A. J. G. Priest for the petitioners.
Adjourned until tomorrow at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Wednesday, January 5, will be as follows: Nos.
195, 200, 209, 134, 198, 447, 374 (and 375), 464, 217, and 354.
☑
554209-44-37

WEDNESDAY, JANUARY 5, 1944
102
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: The Chief Justice, Mr. Justice Roberts, Mr. Justice Black,
Mr. Justice Reed, Mr. Justice Frankfurter, Mr. Justice Douglas, Mr.
Justice Murphy, Mr. Justice Jackson, and Mr. Justice Rutledge.
Frank R. Byrne, of Washington, D. C., and Gordon B. Kinder, of
Martins Ferry, Ohio, were admitted to practice.
No. 195. Northwestern Electric Company and American Power &
Light Company, petitioners, v. Federal Power Commission. Argu-
ment continued by Mr. Charles V. Shannon for the respondent and
concluded by Mr. A. J. G. Priest for the petitioners.
No. 200. Anton Mahnich, petitioner, v. The Southern Steamship
Company. Argued by Mr. Abraham E. Freedman for the petitioner
and by Mr. Joseph W. Henderson for the respondent.
No. 209. The United States of America, petitioner, v. John Water-
house et al. Argument commenced by Mr. Assistant Attorney Gen-
eral Littell for the petitioner and continued by Mr. Herman Phleger
for the respondents.
Adjourned until tomorrow at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Thursday, January 6, will be as follows: Nos. 209,
134, 198, 447, 374 (and 375), 464, 217, 354, 226, and 1.
554209-44-38

THURSDAY, JANUARY 6, 1944
103
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: The Chief Justice, Mr. Justice Roberts, Mr. Justice Black,
Mr. Justice Reed, Mr. Justice Frankfurter, Mr. Justice Douglas, Mr.
Justice Jackson, and Mr. Justice Rutledge.
Joseph Kruger, of Boston, Mass.; Ralph R. Quillian, of Atlanta,
Ga.; Robert E. Coughlan, Jr., of Baltimore, Md.; Ellis F. Davis, of
Kissimmee, Fla.; Robert B. Huffaker, of Bartow, Fla.; and Edward
Gibbon Hobbs, of Selma, N. C., were admitted to practice.
No. 209. The United States of America, petitioner, v. John Water-
house et al., etc. Argument continued by Mr. Herman Phleger for
the respondents and concluded by Mr. Assistant Attorney General
Littell for the petitioner.
No. 134. John Thomas Carter and Eugene Pearson Macemore,
appellants, v. The Commonwealth of Virginia. Argued by Mr. John
S. Battle for the appellants and by Mr. Abram P. Staples for the ap-
pellee.
No. 198. Earl Dickerson, W. O. Page, et al., appellants, v. Com-
monwealth of Virginia. Argued by Mr. Warren E. Miller for the
appellants and by Mr. Abram P. Staples for the appellee.
No. 447. Walter B. Johnson, T. R. Husted, et al., petitioners, v.
Yellow Cab Transit Company. Argument commenced by Mr. Sam
H. Lattimore for the petitioners and continued by Mr. John B. Dud-
ley for the respondent.
Adjourned until tomorrow at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Friday, January 7, will be as follows: Nos. 447,
374 (and 375), 464, 217, 354, 226, 1, 115, 51, and 3.
554209-44-39

FRIDAY, JANUARY 7, 1944
104
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: The Chief Justice, Mr. Justice Roberts, Mr. Justice Black,
Mr. Justice Reed, Mr. Justice Frankfurter, Mr. Justice Douglas, Mr.
Justice Jackson, and Mr. Justice Rutledge.
Pauline Weinstein, of Los Angeles, Calif., was admitted to practice.
No. 447. Walter B. Johnson, T. R. Husted, et al., petitioners, v. Yel-
low Cab Transit Company. Argument continued by Mr. John B.
Dudley for the respondent and concluded by Mr. Duke Duvall for
the respondent.
No. 374. Albert Yakus, petitioner, v. The United States of Amer-
ica; and
No. 375. Benjamin Rottenberg and B. Rottenberg, Inc., petitioners
v. The United States of America. Argument commenced by Mr.
Joseph Kruger for the petitioner in No. 374; continued by Mr.
Leonard Poretsky for the petitioners in Nos. 374 and 375; by Mr.
William H. Lewis for the petitioner in No. 375; by Mr. Solicitor Gen-
eral Fahy for the respondent; and concluded by Mr. Joseph Kruger
for the petitioner in No. 374.
No. 464. Chester Bowles, as Administrator etc., appellant, v. Mrs.
Kate C. Willingham and J. R. Hicks, Jr. Argument commenced by
Mr. Paul A. Freund for the petitioner.
Adjourned until Monday next at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Monday, January 10, will be as follows: Nos. 464,
217, 354, 226, 1, 115, 51, 3, 409, and 235.
Х
554209-44-40

MONDAY, JANUARY 10, 1944
105
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: The Chief Justice, Mr. Justice Roberts, Mr. Justice Black,
Mr. Justice Reed, Mr. Justice Frankfurter, Mr. Justice Douglas, Mr.
Justice Jackson, and Mr. Justice Rutledge.
Joseph M. Friedman, of Hartford, Conn.; Robert J. Berens, of
Washington, D. C.; Lester C. Wilhelm, of Arlington, Va.; Charlotte
Slavitt, of Chicago, Ill.; Ewart S. Harris, of Chicago, Ill.; Allen P.
Dodd, Jr., of Louisville, Ky.; Martin M. Reed, of Philadelphia, Pa.;
Samuel M. Bronaugh, of Birmingham, Ala.; E. L. All, of Birming-
ham, Ala.; Irving H. Jurow, of New York City; James A. Lipscomb,
of Bessemer, Ala.; Julien Cornell, of New York City; R. H. Fry-
berger, of Minneapolis, Minn.; and John William Sherrill, Jr., of
Decatur, Ala., were admitted to practice.
No. 117. District of Columbia, petitioner, v. Elizabeth C. Pace.
On writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the
District of Columbia. Judgment affirmed with costs and cause re-
manded to the said Court of Appeals. Opinion by Mr. Justice Jack-
son. Mr. Justice Black and Mr. Justice Rutledge took no part in the
consideration or decision of this case.
The Chief Justice said:
"The orders of the Court appear upon the list certified by the Chief
Justice and filed with the Clerk and will not be announced orally."
No.. Ex parte Chesteen McConnell, petitioner;
No.. Ex parte Harrison Howard, petitioner;
No.. Ex parte Leonard Palmore, petitioner; and
No. . Ex parte Carl Jackson, petitioner. The motions for leave
to file petitions for writs of habeas corpus are denied.
No. 11, original. The State of Illinois, complainant, v. The State
of Indiana et al. The motion of the defendant, State of Indiana, to
dismiss and the several answers of the defendants are received and
ordered to be filed. The complainant, State of Illinois, is requested
to file within three weeks a response and brief on the motion of the
defendant, State of Indiana, to dismiss.
No. 130. Bessie P. Douglas, petitioner, v. Commissioner of In-
ternal Revenue;
554209-44- 41

MONDAY, JANUARY 10, 1944
106
No. 131. Bessie P. Douglas, petitioner, v. Commissioner of In-
ternal Revenue;
No. 132. Estate of Charles H. Robinson et al., petitioners, v. Com-
missioner of Internal Revenue; and
No. 133. Bernice B. Dalrymple, petitioner, v. Commissioner of In-
ternal revenue. Petition for writs of certiorari to the Circuit Court
of Appeals for the Eighth Circuit granted.
No. 531. Elmer Hartzel, petitioner, v. The United States of Amer-
ica. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of Appeals
for the Seventh Circuit granted.
No. 521. Franks Bros. Company, petitioner, v. National Labor Re-
lations Board. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court
of Appeals for the First Circuit granted and case transferred to the
summary docket and assigned for hearing immediately following No.
265.
No. 520. Irwin Unger, petitioner, v. The Ohio State Dental Board.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Ohio denied.
No. 522. Balfour, Guthrie & Co. Ltd., and Commonwealth Afri-
can, Ltd., petitioners, v. Steamship "Zarembo" her engines, etc., et al.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of Appeals for
the Second Circuit denied.
No. 526. Chicago, Milwaukee, St. Paul, and Pacific Railroad Com-
pany et al., petitioners, v. The Chicago, Rock Island and Pacific Rail-
way Company, et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit
Court of Appeals for the Eighth Circuit denied.
No. 534. Shelton Pitney and Walter P. Gardner, Trustees of the
Central Railroad Company of New Jersey, a debtor, petitioners, v.
The State of New Jersey, a creditor; and
No. 535. Shelton Pitney and Walter P. Gardner, Trustees of the
Central Railroad Company of New Jersey, a debtor, petitioners. v.
The State of New Jersey, a creditor, and the City of Jersey City.
Petition for writs of certiorari to the Circuit Court of Appeals for
the Second Circuit denied.
No. 435. Brotherhood of Railway & Steamship Clerks, Freight
Handlers, Express and Station Employees, et al., petitioners, v. United
Transport Service Employees of America et al. Petition for re-
hearing denied. Mr. Justice Rutledge is of opinion that the petition
for rehearing should be granted, the case restored to the docket and
set for argument.
No. 38. Colgate-Palmolive-Peet Company, petitioner, v. The
United States of America; and
No. 39. Colgate-Palmolive-Peet Company, petitioner, v. The
United States of America. Petition for rehearing denied. Mr. Jus-

MONDAY, JANUARY 10, 1944
107
tice Roberts and Mr. Justice Jackson took no part in the consideration
or decision of this application.
No. 49. Ford Motor Company, petitioner, v. Gordon Form Lathe
Company; and
No. 50. Ford Motor Company, petitioner, v. Gordon Form Lathe
Company. Petition for rehearing denied. Mr. Justice Murphy took
no part in the consideration or decision of this application.
No. 124. Anna Royer, Administratrix etc., petitioner, v. Jerome
K. Greiner. Motion for leave to file second petition for rehearing
granted. Second petition for rehearing denied.
No. 439. Harrison E. Fryberger, petitioner, v. Consolidated Elec-
tric and Gas Company et al.;
No. 455. Le Roy J. Leishman, petitioner, v. Associated Wholesale
Electric Company;
No. 478. Fides, A. G., petitioner, v. Commissioner of Internal
Revenue;
No. 479. Mittie Maude Lena Gordon et al., petitioners, v. The
United States of America; and
No. 485. Guy Whiteford, petitioner, v. The Hecht Company. Pe-
titions for rehearing denied.
ORDER
The Court will take a recess from Monday, January 17, until Mon-
day, January 31, next.
No. 464. Chester Bowles, as Administrator of the Office of Price
Administration, appellant, v. Mrs. Kate C. Willingham and J. R.
Hicks, Jr. Argument continued by Mr. Paul A. Freund for the
appellant; by Mr. Charles J. Bloch for the appellees; and concluded
by Mr. Paul A. Freund for the appellant. Leave granted appellee to
file a reply brief by Thursday.
No. 217. Wilma E. Addison et al., petitioners, v. Holly Hill Fruit
Products, Inc. Argument commenced by Mr. George Palmer Garrett
for the petitioners; continued by Mr. Douglas B. Maggs, for the
Administrator of the Wage and Hour Division, U. S. Department of
Labor, as amicus curiae, by special leave of Court; by Mr. G. L. Reeves
for the respondent; and concluded by Mr. Ellis F. Davis for the
petitioners.
Adjourned until tomorrow at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Tuesday, January 11, will be as follows: Nos. 354,
226, 51, 1, 115, 3, 409, 211, and 75.
☑

TUESDAY, JANUARY 11, 1944
108
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: The Chief Justice, Mr. Justice Roberts, Mr. Justice Black,
Mr. Justice Reed, Mr. Justice Frankfurter, Mr. Justice Douglas, Mr.
Justice Murphy, Mr. Justice Jackson, and Mr. Justice Rutledge.
Neil C. Head, of Boston, Mass.; Howard C. Wood, of New York
City; Francis M. Seaman, of Perth Amboy, N. J.; Frank B. Wallis,
of Boston, Mass.; Edward B. Hanify, of Boston, Mass.; and H. G.
Hedrick, of Washington, D. C., were admitted to practice.
No. 354. The United States of America, appellant, v. South-East-
ern Underwriters Association et al. Argued by Mr. Attorney General
Biddle for the appellant and by Mr. John T. Cahill and Mr. Dan
MacDougals for the appellees. Leave granted appellant to file an
additional brief by Thursday next.
No. 226. Polish National Alliance of the United States of North
America, petitioner, v. National Labor Relations Board. Argument
commenced by Mr. Ewart Harris for the petitioner and continued by
Mr. Attorney General Biddle for the respondent.
Adjourned until tomorrow at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Wednesday, January 12, will be as follows: Nos.
226, 51, 1, 115, 3, 409, 211, and 75.
✓
554209-44-
-42

WEDNESDAY, JANUARY 12, 1944
109
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: The Chief Justice, Mr. Justice Roberts, Mr. Justice Black,
Mr. Justice Reed, Mr. Justice Frankfurter, Mr. Justice Douglas, Mr.
Justice Jackson, and Mr. Justice Rutledge.
Morton L. Wallerstein, of Richmond, Va., was admitted to practice.
No. 538. Paul Williams, otherwise called Paul Le Roy Williams,
petitioner, v. The People of the State of Illinois. Motion for leave to
proceed in forma pauperis granted. Petition for writ of certiorari to
the Supreme Court of the State of Illinois denied. The application for
a stay is also denied. Mr. Justice Murphy took no part in the consid-
eration or decision of these applications.
No. 226. Polish National Alliance of the United States of North
America, petitioner, v. National Labor Relations Board. Argument
continued by Mr. Attorney General Biddle for the respondent and
concluded by Mr. Ewart Harris for the petitioner.
No. 51. Lonnie E. Smith, petitioner, v. S. E. Allwright, Election
Judge, et al. Reargued by Mr. Thurgood Marshall and Mr. William
H. Hastie for the petitioner and by Mr. George W. Barcus for Gerald
C. Mann, Attorney General of Texas, as amicus curiae, by special leave
of Court. No appearance for the respondents. Leave granted to file
additional brief for petitioner by Friday next.
No. 1. R. Simpson & Co., Inc., petitioner, v. Commissioner of In-
ternal Revenue. Argued by Mr. Gerald Donovan for the petitioner
and by Mr. J. Louis Monarch for the respondent.
No. 115. Commissioner of Internal Revenue, petitioner, v. Lane-
Wells Company and Technicraft Engineering Corporation. Argued
by Mr. J. Louis Monarch for the petitioner and by Mr. Raphael Dechter
for the respondent.
No. 3. A. M. Anderson, Receiver of National Bank of Kentucky,
etc., petitioner, v. Katherine Kirkpatrick Abbott, Administratrix, etc.,
et al. Reargument commenced by Mr. Robert S. Marx for the peti-
tioner.
Adjourned until tomorrow at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Thursday, January 13, will be as follows: Nos. 3,
409, 211, and 75.
554209-44--43
☑

THURSDAY, JANUARY 13, 1944
110
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: The Chief Justice, Mr. Justice Roberts, Mr. Justice Black,
Mr. Justice Reed, Mr. Justice Frankfurter, Mr. Justice Douglas, Mr.
Justice Murphy, Mr. Justice Jackson, and Mr. Justice Rutledge.
Roger M. Blough, of Pittsburgh, Pa.; Ezra E. Hamstead, of Mor-
gantown, W. Va.; Richard Lester Bloss, Jr., of Kansas City, Mo.; and
Daniel J. McNally, of Milwaukee, Wis., were admitted to practice.
No. 3. A. M. Anderson, Receiver of National Bank of Kentucky,
etc., petitioner, v. Katherine Kirkpatrick Abbott, Administratrix, etc.
Reargument continued by Mr. Robert S. Marx for the petitioner; by
Mr. Allen P. Dodd for the respondent; and concluded by Mr. Robert
S. Marx for the petitioner.
No. 409. Tennessee Coal, Iron & Railroad Company, et al., peti-
tioners, v. Muscoda Local No. 123, etc., et al. Three hours allowed for
oral argument. Argument commenced by Mr. Nathan L. Miller for
the petitioner, Tennessee Coal, Iron & R. R. Co., and continued by Mr.
Crampton Harris for the respondents, Muscoda Local No. 123, etc.,
et al.
Adjourned until tomorrow at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Friday, January 14, 1944, will be as follows: Nos.
409, 211, and 75.
554209-44- -44

FRIDAY, JANUARY 14, 1944
111
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: The Chief Justice, Mr. Justice Roberts, Mr. Justice Black,
Mr. Justice Reed, Mr. Justice Frankfurter, Mr. Justice Douglas, Mr.
Justice Murphy, Mr. Justice Jackson, and Mr. Justice Rutledge.
Fred S. Ball, Jr., of Montgomery, Ala.; John Edwin Anderton, of
San Francisco, Calif.; David London, of Minneapolis, Minn.; Ed-
ward F. Clark, of New York City; Claude D. Stout, of Edgerton,
Wis.; Edward L. Butterworth, of Beverly Hills, Calif.; and John S.
Redditt, of Lufkin, Tex., were admitted to practice.
No. 409. Tennessee Coal, Iron & Railroad Company et al., peti-
tioners, v. Muscoda Local No. 123, etc., et al. Argument continued
by Mr. Solicitor General Fahy for the respondent, Administrator of
the Wage and Hour Division, United States Department of Labor,
and concluded by Mr. Borden Burr for petitioner, Tennessee Coal,
Iron & Railroad Co. Case submitted by Mr. E. L. All, Mr. S. M.
Bronaugh, and Mr. William B. White for petitioner, Sloss-Sheffield
Steel & Iron Co., and by Mr. T. F. Patton, Mr. R. T. Rives and Mr.
Borden Burr for petitioner, Republic Steel Corporation.
No. 211. Delbert O. Stark, A. F. Stratton, et al., petitioners, v.
Claude R. Wickard, Secretary of Agriculture of the United States,
et al. Argued by Mr. Edward B. Hanify for the petitioners and by
Mr. Paul A. Freund for the respondent.
Adjourned until Monday, January 17, at 12 o'clock.
554209-44- -45
✓

MONDAY, JANUARY 17, 1944
112
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: The Chief Justice, Mr. Justice Roberts, Mr. Justice Black,
Mr. Justice Reed, Mr. Justice Frankfurter, Mr. Justice Douglas, Mr.
Justice Murphy, Mr. Justice Jackson, and Mr. Justice Rutledge.
Philip Todres, of New York City; Julius Hallheimer, of New York
City; Wendell Lund, of Washington, D. C.; Edward H. Fenlon, of
Saint Ignace, Mich.; George T. Nickell, of Seattle, Wash.; Manuel M.
Gorman, of New York City; James A. Farmer, of Belleville, Ill.;
Herbert L. Wasserman, of New York City; Eli Freed, of San Fran-
cisco, Calif.; Ruby Freed, of San Francisco, Calif.; Francis L. Cross,
of San Francisco, Calif.; Milton Maxwell Newmark, of San Fran-
cisco, Calif.; and Churchill Rodgers, of New York City, were admitted
to practice.
No. 28. The Brotherhood of Railroad Trainmen, Enterprise Lodge
No. 27, et al., petitioners, v. Toledo, Peoria & Western Railroad. On
writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for
the Seventh Circuit. Judgment reversed with costs and cause re-
manded to the District Court of the United States for the Southern
District of Illinois for further proceedings in conformity with the
opinion of this Court. Opinion by Mr. Justice Rutledge.
No. 31. McLean Trucking Company, Inc., The Secretary of Agri-
culture of the United States, et al., appellants, v. The United States
of America, Interstate Commerce Commission, Associated Transport,
Inc., et al. Appeal from the District Court of the United States for
the Southern District of New York. Judgment affirmed. Opinion
by Mr. Justice Rutledge. Dissenting: Mr. Justice Murphy. Dissent-
ing opinion by Mr. Justice Douglas in which Mr. Justice Black concurs.
No. 52. William J. Demorest, Jr., Ann Demorest, and Carolyn
Demorest, by Francis J. Mahoney, their special guardian, appellants, v.
City Bank Farmers Trust Company, as trustee under the will of
Henry C. West, deceased, et al.; and
No. 227. Thomas B. Dyett, Special Guardian for Joachim Hein-
rich Schmidt, appellant, v. Title Guarantee and Trust Company et al.
Appeals from the Surrogate's Court, County of New York, State of
New York. Judgments affirmed with costs. Opinion by Mr. Justice
Jackson. Dissenting opinion by Mr. Justice Douglas in which Mr.
Justice Black concurs.
554209-44-46

MONDAY, JANUARY 17, 1944
113
No. 70. Charles M. Thomson, as Trustee of the property of the
Chicago and North Western Railway Company, appellant, v. The
United States of America and Interstate Commerce Commission.
Appeal from the District Court of the United States for the Northern
District of Illinois. Decree reversed and cause remanded to the said
District Court with directions to remand it to the Interstate Com-
merce Commission for such further proceedings, consistent with the
opinion of this Court, as may be appropriate. Opinion by Mr. Justice
Murphy. Dissenting: Mr. Justice Jackson. Dissenting opinion by
Mr. Justice Douglas in which Mr. Justice Black concurs.
No. 94. Mary Tennant, Administratrix of the estate of Harold C.
Tennant, deceased, petitioner, v. Peoria and Pekin Union Railway
Company. On writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of
Appeals for the Seventh Circuit. Judgment reversed with costs and
cause remanded to the said Circuit Court of Appeals for further pro-
ceedings in conformity with the opinion of this Court. Opinion by
Mr. Justice Murphy. Mr. Justice Frankfurter and Mr. Justice Jack-
son concur in the result. Dissenting: Mr. Chief Justice Stone and
Mr. Justice Roberts.
No. 57. Joseph E. Snowden, petitioner, v. Edward J. Hughes,
Louie E. Lewis, and Robert E. Straus, et al., etc. On writ of cer-
tiorari to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Seventh
Circuit. Judgment affirmed with costs for failure of the complaint
to state a cause of action within the jurisdiction of the District Court.
and cause remanded to the District Court of the United States for
the Northern District of Illinois. Opinion by Mr. Chief Justice Stone.
Mr. Justice Rutledge concurs in the result. Concurring opinion by
Mr. Justice Frankfurter. Dissenting opinion by Mr. Justice Douglas
in which Mr. Justice Murphy concurs.
The Chief Justice announced the following order of the Court:
No. 209. The United States of America, petitioner, v. John Water-
house, Ernest Hay Wodehouse, et al. On writ of certiorari to the
Circuit Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit. Per curiam: Judg-
ment affirmed by an equally divided Court. Mr. Justice Jackson
states that, the proceeding having been commenced as the record shows,
"under the instructions of the Attorney General" and the valuation
for which the Government now contends appearing to have been fixed,
at the time when he held that office, he thinks it inappropriate that
he should now participate in the determination of the case, notwith-
standing he has no recollection of personal participation in the De-
partmental action.

MONDAY, JANUARY 17, 1944
The Chief Justice said:
114
"The other orders of the Court appear upon the list certified by the
Chief Justice and filed with the Clerk and will not be announced
orally."
-.
No. Ex parte Louis Red Cloud, petitioner. Application de-
nied.
No.
Ex parte Frank Harris, petitioner. The motion for leave
to file petition for writ of habeas corpus is denied.
No. . Benjamin Olweiss et al., petitioners, v. The United States
of America. The motion for leave to file a petition for writ of cer-
tiorari nunc pro tunc is denied.
No. 362. Augustus P. Norton, Deputy Commissioner, etc., peti-
tioner, v. Warner Company. The motion of Maurice S. Levy for
leave to appear and present oral argument on behalf of Nicholas
Rusin as amicus curiae is denied. Leave is granted Mr. Levy to file
a brief as amicus curiae.
No. 493. Carl Wilhelm Baumgartner, petitioner, v. The United
States of America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court
of Appeals for the Eighth Circuit granted.
No. 514. The United States of America, petitioner, v. James P.
Mitchell; and
No. 515. The United States of America, petitioner, v. James P.
Mitchell. Petition for writs of certiorari to the United States Court
of Appeals for the District of Columbia granted. The motion of
respondent for leave to proceed in forma pauperis is also granted.
No. 518. Patrick Cudahy Family Company, petitioner, v. Chester
Bowles, Price Administrator. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
United States Emergency Court of Appeals denied.
No. 530. Nellie Faye Beamer, Administratrix of the Estate of
Robert P. Beamer, deceased, petitioner, v. The Virginian Railway
Company. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of
Appeals of Virginia denied.
No. 543. The Consumers Brewing Company, petitioner, v. The
E. F. Prichard Company and The Heidelberg Brewing Company.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of Appeals for
the Sixth Circuit denied.
No. 545. Fred Schroepfer, Charles R. Schroepfer, and Abraham
Berry, petitioners, v. The A. S. Abell Company, Inc. The motion for
leave to proceed on the typewritten record is granted. Petition for
writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of Appeals for the Fourth Cir-
cuit denied.

MONDAY, JANUARY 17, 1944
115
No. 539. Martin J. Bernards and Lena Bernards, petitioners, v.
M. R. Johnson, Catherine Collins, et al. Motion for leave to proceed
in forma pauperis granted. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Cir-
cuit Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit denied.
·
-
No. . Ex parte Arthur S. Humes, petitioner. Petition for re-
hearing denied. Mr. Justice Murphy took no part in the consideration
or decision of this application.
No. 490. Trico Products Corporation, petitioner, v. Commissioner
of Internal Revenue. Petition for rehearing denied. Mr. Justice
Jackson took no part in the consideration or decision of this ap-
plication.
No. 29. Magnolia Petroleum Company, petitioner, v. Sullivan H.
Hunt;
No. 492. The Equitable Life Assurance Society of the United
States, petitioner, v. Commissioner of Internal Revenue; and
No. 502. Bernard Eugene Smith et al., as copartners, etc., appel-
lants, v. J. N. Lummas, Jr., as Tax Assessor, etc., et al. Petitions for
rehearing denied.
No. 517. Pen-Ken Gas & Oil Corporation, petitioner, v. Warfield
Natural Gas Company. Time within which to file petition for re-
hearing extended to and including February 28 next on motion of
counsel for the petitioner.
Adjourned until Monday, January 31, at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Monday, January 31, will be as follows: Nos. 9
Original, 235, 291, 75, 154, 262, 232, 316, 311, and 441.
Х

MONDAY, JANUARY 31, 1944
116
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: The Chief Justice, Mr. Justice Roberts, Mr. Justice Black,
Mr. Justice Reed, Mr. Justice Frankfurter, Mr. Justice Douglas, Mr.
Justice Murphy, Mr. Justice Jackson, and Mr. Justice Rutledge.
Eldon S. Dummit, of Lexington, Ky.; Gregory J. Holbrock, of
Hamilton, Ohio; Narciso Frigillana y Olaes, of Washington, D. C.;
Felix H. Garcia, of Dallas, Tex.; Albert Lee Stephens, Jr., of Los
Angeles, Calif.; Howard R. Klostermeyer, of Charleston, W. Va.;
Leonard J. Mandl, of Brooklyn, N. Y.; Jeter Seehorn Ray, of Nash-
ville, Tenn.; Arthur J. Stanley, of Kansas City, Kans.; Richard H.
Forster, of Los Angeles, Calif.; William J. Maloney, of Rochester,
N. Y.; Harry Grossman, of New York City; John A. Johnson, of
Oklahoma City, Okla.; Charles R. Holton, of Chicago, Ill.; William
E. Evenson, Jr., of Seattle, Wash.; Robert H. Bush, of Des Moines,
Iowa; Earl S. Wilson, of Louisville, Ky.; W. B. Shelby Crichlow, of
Bradenton, Fla.; Joseph Edwin Schroeder, of Kansas City, Kans.;
Tyre W. Burton, of Jefferson City, Mo.; and Frank W. Hayes, of
Sedalia, Mo., were admitted to practice.
No. 98. Sarah Prince, appellant, v. Commonwealth of Massachu-
setts. Appeal from the Superior Court, County of Plymouth, Com-
monwealth of Massachusetts. Judgment affirmed with costs. Opinion
by Mr. Justice Rutledge. Dissenting opinion by Mr. Justice Murphy.
Separate opinion by Mr. Justice Jackson in which Mr. Justice Roberts
and Mr. Justice Frankfurter join.
No. 112. Davies Warehouse Company, petitioner, v. Chester
Bowles, Price Administrator. On writ of certiorari to the United
States Emergency Court of Appeals. Judgment reversed and cause
remanded to said Emergency Court of Appeals for further proceed-
ings in conformity with the opinion of this Court. Opinion by Mr.
Justice Jackson. Dissenting opinion by Mr. Justice Douglas in which
Mr. Justice Black and Mr. Justice Murphy concur.
No. 134. John Thomas Carter and Eugene Pearson Macemore,
appellants, v. Commonwealth of Virginia; and
No. 198. Earl Dickerson, W. O. Page, et al., appellants, v. Common-
wealth of Virginia. Appeals from the Supreme Court of Appeals of
the State of Virginia. Judgments affirmed with costs. Opinion by
554209-44- _47

MONDAY, JANUARY 31, 1944
117
Mr. Justice Reed. Mr. Justice Jackson concurs in the result only, for
the reasons stated in his separate opinion in Duckworth v. Arkansas,
314 U. S. 390. Concurring opinion by Mr. Justice Black. Concurring
opinion by Mr. Justice Frankfurter.
No. 158. The B. F. Goodrich Company, petitioner, v. The United
States of America. On writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit
Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit. Judgment affirmed and cause
remanded to the District Court of the United States for the Southern
District of California. Opinion by Mr. Justice Black.
No. 195. Northwestern Electric Company and American Power &
Light Company, petitioners, v. Federal Power Commission. On writ
of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the
Ninth Circuit. Judgment affirmed and cause remanded to the said
Circuit Court of Appeals. Opinion by Mr. Justice Roberts.
No. 200. Anton Mahnich, petitioner, v. The Southern Steamship
Company. On writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court
of Appeals for the Third Circuit. Judgment reversed with costs and
cause remanded to the District Court of the United States for the
Eastern District of Pennsylvania for further proceedings in con-
formity with the opinion of this Court. Opinion by Mr. Chief Justice
Stone. Dissenting opinion by Mr. Justice Roberts in which Mr.
Justice Frankfurter joins.
--
No. Ex parte Henry Hawk, petitioner. Motion for leave to file
petition for writ of habeas corpus denied without prejudice. Opinion,
per curiam, announced by Mr. Chief Justice Stone.
The Chief Justice announced the following orders of the Court:
No. 457. Eddie J. Viator, J. A. Viator, et al., appellants, v. R. C.
Edwins, Sheriff of Harrison County, Mississippi, et al. Appeal from
and on petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Missis-
sippi. Per curiam: The motion to dismiss is granted and the appeal
is dismissed for the reason that the judgment of the court below is
based upon a non-federal ground adequate to support it. The petition
for writ of certiorari is denied.
No. 560. Lou Nathanson, petitioner, v. The United States of
America. On petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of
Appeals for the Eighth Circuit. Per curiam: The petition for writ of
certiorari is granted. The judgment of the Circuit Court of Appeals
is vacated and the cause is remanded to the District Court of the
United States for the Western District of Missouri with directions to
proceed in conformity with the Act of December 23, 1943, Public Law
No. 213.

MONDAY, JANUARY 31, 1944
The Chief Justice said:
118
"The other orders of the Court appear upon the list certified by the
Chief Justice and filed with the Clerk and will not be announced
orally."
No.. People of the State of Illinois ex rel. Joseph Williams,
petitioner, v. Joseph E. Ragen, Warden, etc.; and
No.
―.
Ex parte Garfield J. Kelly, petitioner. Applications denied.
No. Ex parte Taylor Seals, petitioner. The motion for leave to
file petition for writ of prohibition is denied.
-.
-
No. Ex parte James Thomas, petitioner. The motion for leave.
to file petition for writ of habeas corpus is denied.
No.. Ex parte Joseph E. Jones, petitioner. The motion for leave
to file petition for writ of certiorari is denied.
No.. Ex parte Merritt R. Longbrake, petitioner. The motion for
leave to file petition for writ of mandamus is denied.
No. 235. Great Northern Life Insurance Company, petitioner, v.
Jess G. Read, Insurance Commissioner for the State of Oklahoma.
The motion for leave to file brief of John H. Miley and Russell V.
Johnson as amici curiae is granted.
No. 417. The United States of America and Mesta Machine Com-
pany, appellants, v. County of Allegheny, Pennsylvania. The motion
of National Institute of Municipal Law Officers for leave to appear and
present oral argument as amicus curiae is denied.
No. 486. Lester Follett, appellant, v. Town of McCormick, South
Carolina. The motion of American Civil Liberties Union for leave
to file a brief as amicus curiae is granted.
No. 109. City of Yonkers and John W. Tooley, Jr., as President,
etc., appellants, v. The United States of America et al. The motion
to stay the mandate until March 1, next, is granted. Mr. Justice
Black states: "I dissent. As this record stands, railroad service to
Yonkers has been abandoned without any valid order authorizing such
action. I therefore would permit the Court's mandate to go down.
But if the mandate is to be stayed, I think that, at the very least, since
the stay is equivalent to an injunction, a bond should be required of
the railroad in an amount sufficient to protect the people of Yonkers
against such loss as the city or its citizens may sustain in case it is
ultimately decided that the railroad had no legal right to abandon its
service. Cf. Inland Steel Co. v. United States, 306 U. S. 153, 156–157.”
Mr. Justice Douglas and Mr. Justice Murphy agree with this dissent.
No. 589. The United States of America et al., appellants, v. Mar-
shall Transport Company et al. In this case probable jurisdiction is
noted.

MONDAY, JANUARY 31, 1944
119
No. 559. Hans Pete Mortensen and Lorraine Mortensen, peti-
tioners, v. The United States of America. Petition for writ of certio-
rari to the Circuit Court of Appeals for the Eighth Circuit granted
and the case transferred to the summary docket.
No. 565. Wisconsin Gas and Electric Company, petitioner, v. The
United States of America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Cir-
cuit Court of Appeals for the Seventh Circuit granted and the case
transferred to the summary docket.
No. 542. Hermosa Amusement Corporation, Ltd., a corporation,
and J. M. Andersen, petitioners, v. Sterling Carr, as Trustee in Bank-
ruptcy of Nippon Yusen Kabushiki Kaisya, a corporation, et al. Peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of Appeals for the
Ninth Circuit denied.
No. 546. The Union Trust Company of Pittsburgh, Administrator
of the estate of Melissa Stewart McKee Carnahan, deceased, peti-
tioner, v. William Driscoll, individually and as former Collector of
Internal Revenue. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court
of Appeals for the Third Circuit denied.
No. 547. Commonwealth Trust Company of Pittsburgh et al., Ex-
ecutors of the Estate of John W. Herron, deceased, petitioners, v.
William Driscoll, individually and as former Collector of Internal
Revenue for the Twenty-Third Collection District of Pennsylvania.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of Appeals for the
Third Circuit denied.
No. 548. The Columbian National Life Insurance Company, peti-
tioner, v. Marguerite W. Keyes; and
No. 549. The Columbian National Life Insurance Company, peti-
tioner, v. Marguerite Keyes, Incorporated. Petition for writs of certi-
orari to the Circuit Court of Appeals for the Eighth Circuit denied.
No. 550. George F. Wood, Grace Schmidt, et al., petitioners, v.
First National Bank of Woodlawn, Illinois, et al. Petition for writ
of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Illinois denied.
No. 551. Curacao Trading Co., Inc., petitioner, v. Federal Insur-
ance Company. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of
Appeals for the Second Circuit denied.
No. 580. The Columbian National Life Insurance Company, peti-
tioner, v. Abraham Goldberg. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
Circuit Court of Appeals for the Sixth Circuit denied.
No. 554. Julius Aronoff, petitioner, v. The United States of Amer-
ica. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of Appeals for
the Second Circuit denied.

MONDAY, JANUARY 31, 1944
120
No. 555. The United States of America, ex rel. Carl Silver, peti-
tioner, v. Thomas J. O'Brien, Sheriff of Cook County, Illinois. Peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of Appeals for the
Seventh Circuit denied.
No. 557. Edith Harrison Epp, a secured creditor, petitioner, v.
Robert F. Bicknell, debtor. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
Circuit Court of Appeals for the Eighth Circuit denied.
No. 563. Empire Trust Company, as trustee under indentures secur-
ing debentures of Associated Gas and Electric Corporation, due 1973,
petitioner, v. Denis J. Driscoll and Willard L. Thorp, as Trustees of
Associated Gas and Electric Corporation, debtor. Petition for writ
of certiorari to the Circuit Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit
denied.
No. 564. Fidelity and Deposit Company of Maryland, petitioner, v.
Pinkerton's National Detective Agency, Inc. Petition for writ of
certiorari to the Circuit Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit
denied.
No. 570. Black Diamond Lines, Inc., petitioner, v. Pioneer Import
Corporation and Tampa-Inter-Ocean Steamship Company. Petition
for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of Appeals for the Second
Circuit denied.
No. 499. Patricia R. O'Brien, petitioner, v. Edwin J. O'Brien, Jr.,
James G. O'Brien, et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court
of Appeals of Kentucky denied. Mr. Justice Murphy took no part in
the consideration or decision of this application.
No. 600. Samuel Kelly, petitioner, v. Commonwealth of Virginia;
and
No. 601. Samuel Kelly, petitioner, v. W. Frank Smyth, as Superin-
tendent of the Virginia State Penitentiary. The motion for bail is
denied. Petition for writs of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Ap-
peals of Virginia denied.
No. 505. Albert L. Linn, petitioner, v. The State of Illinois;
No. 507. The People of the State of Illinois ex rel. Harry Bachalder,
petitioner, v. Joseph E. Ragen, Warden, etc.;
No. 508. Harry Meyer, petitioner, v. Joseph E. Ragen, Warden,
etc.;
No. 524. People of the State of Illinois, ex rel. Joseph Di Chiara,
petitioner, v. Joseph E. Ragen, Warden, etc.;
No. 527. Francis Haines, petitioner, v. The People of the State of
Illinois, et al.;
No. 528. Walter Davidson, petitioner, v. Arthur A. Bennett,
Warden, etc., et al.;

MONDAY, JANUARY 31, 1944
121
No. 532. Royal Provost, petitioner, v. Joseph E. Ragen, Warden,
etc.;
No. 533. John Avonts, petitioner, v. Joseph E. Ragen, Warden,
etc.;
No. 536. The People of the State of Illinois, ex rel. James Doyle,
petitioner, v. Joseph E. Ragen, Warden, etc., et al.; and
No. 540. Alvin Scheib, petitioner, v. Joseph E. Ragen, Warden,
etc. On petitions for writs of certiorari to the Supreme Court of
Illinois;
No. 529. The People of the State of New York, ex rel. Joseph
Richards, alias Joseph Richetsky, petitioner, v. Robert J. Kirby, as
Warden, etc. On petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Ap-
peals of New York;
No. 544. Paul Cullen Whittington, petitioner, v. The United States
of America. On petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of
Appeals for the Fifth Circuit;
No. 562. James B. Edwards, petitioner, v. The United States of
America. On petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia; and
No. 571. Ruby Lee Rucker, Margie Van Sickle, et al., petitioners, v.
The First National Bank of Miami, Oklahoma. On petition for writ
of certiorari to the Circuit Court of Appeals for the Tenth Circuit.
The motions for leave to proceed in forma pauperis are granted. The
petitions for writs of certiorari are denied.
No. Ex parte H. Ely Goldsmith, petitioner. The petition for
rehearing is denied. The applications to individual Justices have
been considered by them individually and they are denied.
No. 43. Interstate Commerce Commission et al., appellants, v.
Hoboken Manufacturers' Railroad Company; and
No. 56. The Atlantic Refining Company, Owner of the Tank Steam-
ship "Bohemian Club," petitioner, v. A. P. Moller, Claimant, etc.
The motions for leave to file petitions for rehearing are granted. The
petitions for rehearing are denied.
No. 553. Clyde Brazel, petitioner, v. Harry H. Jackson, Warden,
etc. The motion for leave to submit additional matter in support of
the petition for rehearing is granted. The petition for rehearing is
denied.
No. 4. J. Oliver Hill, Administrator, etc., petitioner, v. Francis L.
Hawes, Individually and as Trustee, etc.;
No. 20. State of California and Board of State Harbor Commis-
sioners for San Francisco Harbor, appellants, v. The United States of
America, et al.;

MONDAY, JANUARY 31, 1944
122
No. 22. City of Oakland, a municipal corporation, etc., appellant,
v. The United States of America, et al.;
No. 73. Nick Falbo, petitioner, v. The United States of America;
and
No. 83. The United States of America, appellant, v. Jacob Hark
and Human Yaffee, copartners, etc. Petitions for rehearing denied.
No. 9. Original. The State of Kansas, complainant, v. The State of
Missouri. Argued on the exceptions of the complainant to the report
of the Special Master by Mr. Joseph E. Schroeder for the complainant
and by Mr. Tyre W. Burton and Mr. Frank W. Hayes for the
defendant.
No. 235. Great Northern Life Insurance Company, petitioner, v.
Jess G. Read, Insurance Commissioner for the State of Oklahoma.
Argued by Mr. Charles R. Holton and by Mr. John A. Johnson for
the petitioner and by Mr. Fred Hansen for the respondent.
Adjourned until tomorrow at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Tuesday, February 1, will be as follows: Nos. 291,
75, 154, 215, 262, 232, 316, 311, 441, and 252.
☑

TUESDAY, FEBRUARY 1, 1944
123
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: The Chief Justice, Mr. Justice Roberts, Mr. Justice Black,
Mr. Justice Reed, Mr. Justice Frankfurter, Mr. Justice Douglas, Mr.
Justice Murphy, Mr. Justice Jackson, and Mr. Justice Rutledge.
Malcolm D. Miller, of Arlington, Va.; Kelly Kash, of Washington,
D. C.; Harrison Combs, of Christopher, Ky.; J. Fred Brown, of Mem-
phis, Tenn.; A. Matt. Werner, of Sheboygan, Wis.; Mary Farris
Willey, of Boston, Mass.; Frank Rashap, of New York City; John
F. Ward, Jr., of New York City; Leonard Lloyd Lockard, of Shreve-
port, La.; and Gene Lary, of Dallas, Tex., were admitted to practice.
No. 291. Union Brokerage Company, petitioner, v. Norman G.
Jensen and Curtis M. Rime. Argued by Mr. Leonard Eriksson for
the petitioner and by Mr. Ordner T. Bundlie for the respondents.
No. 75. The United States, petitioner, v. Algernon Blair, Indi-
vidually, etc. Argued by Mr. Assistant Attorney General Shea for
the petitioner and by Mr. H. Cecil Kilpatrick and Mr. Richard S.
Doyle for the respondent.
Adjourned until tomorrow at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Wednesday, February 2, will be as follows: Nos.
215, 154, 262, 232, 316, 311, 441, 252, 398, and 423.
✓
554209-44-48

WEDNESDAY, FEBRUARY 2, 1944
124
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: The Chief Justice, Mr. Justice Roberts, Mr. Justice Black,
Mr. Justice Reed, Mr. Justice Frankfurter, Mr. Justice Douglas, Mr.
Justice Murphy, Mr. Justice Jackson, and Mr. Justice Rutledge.
Clinton Tompkins Graydon, of Columbia, S. C.; Richard M. Keck,
of Chicago, Ill.; Irving B. Drachlis, of Los Angeles, Calif.; and
Wesley E. Brown, of Hutchinson, Kans., were admitted to practice.
No. 57. Joseph E. Snowden, petitioner, v. Edward J. Hughes,
Louie E. Lewis, et al., etc. Time within which to file petition for
rehearing extended to and including March 6, next, and mandate
stayed, on motion of counsel for petitioner.
No. 417. The United States of America et al., appellants, v. County
of Allegheny, Pennsylvania. Leave granted to withdraw appearance
of Walter P. Smart, as counsel for appellee, on motion of Mr. Walter
P. Smart in that behalf.
No. 215. Arthur Goodwyn Billings, petitioner, v. Karl Truesdell,
Major General, United States Army. Argued by Mr. Edward G.
Jennings for the respondent and case submitted by Mr. Lee Bond for
the petitioner.
No. 154. Anderson National Bank, suing on behalf of itself, etc.,
appellants, v. H. Clyde Reeves, individually, etc., et al. Argument
commenced by Mr. William Marshall Bullitt for the appellants; con-
tinued by Mr. Earl S. Wilson for the appellees; by Mr. Clarence A.
Linn for the State of California, as amicus curiae, by special leave of
Court; and concluded by Mr. Charles W. Milner for the appellants.
No. 262. The Goodyear Tire & Rubber Company, Inc., et al., peti-
tioners, v. Ray-O-Vac Company. Argument commenced by Mr. Wil-
liam E. Chilton for the petitioners.
Adjourned until tomorrow at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Thursday, February 3, will be as follows: Nos. 262,
232, 316, 311, 441, 252, 398, 423, 267, and 336 (337, 338, and
339).
554209-44- -49

THURSDAY, FEBRUARY 3, 1944
125
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: The Chief Justice, Mr. Justice Roberts, Mr. Justice Black,
Mr. Justice Reed, Mr. Justice Frankfurter, Mr. Justice Douglas, Mr.
Justice Murphy, Mr. Justice Jackson, and Mr. Justice Rutledge.
C. G. Stidham, of Houston, Tex.; William S. Cole, of Bangor,
Maine; Elizabeth M. Doyle, of San Francisco, Calif.; Walker Brainerd
Spencer, Jr., of New Orleans, La.; J. J. Moore, of Pikeville, Ky.;
Allan Wilbur Denny, of Des Moines, Iowa; Muriel S. Paul, of New
York City; and Arthur B. Carton, of Brooklyn, N. Y., were admitted
to practice.
No. 262. The Goodyear Tire & Rubber Company, Inc., et al., peti-
tioners, v. Ray-O-Vac Company. Argument continued by Mr. Wil-
liam E. Chilton for the petitioners; by Mr. Bernard A. Schroeder and
Mr. Gerhard A. Gesell for the respondent; and concluded by Mr.
Albert R. Golrick for the petitioners.
No. 232. J. M. Sartor et al., petitioners, v. Arkansas Natural Gas
Corporation. Argued by Mr. Gilbert P. Bullis for the petitioners and
Mr. Elias Goldstein for the respondent.
No. 316. The Hecht Company, petitioner, v. Chester Bowles, Price
Administrator, etc. Argument commenced by Mr. Charles A.
Horsky for the petitioner.
Adjourned until tomorrow at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Friday, February 4, will be as follows: Nos. 316,
311, 441, 252, 398, 423, 267, 336 (337, 338, and 339), 276, and
345.
☑
554209-44-50

FRIDAY, FEBRUARY 4, 1944
126
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: The Chief Justice, Mr. Justice Roberts, Mr. Justice Black,
Mr. Justice Reed, Mr. Justice Frankfurter, Mr. Justice Douglas, Mr.
Justice Murphy, Mr. Justice Jackson, and Mr. Justice Rutledge.
Robert B. Sales, of Louisville, Ky.; Louis Charles Chubb Moore, of
Salinas, Calif.; Albert E. Chandler, of San Francisco, Calif.; Leslie
Craig Scholle, of Minneapolis, Minn.; David S. Craig, of Columbus,
Ohio; Jesse Bowman Mann, of Chicago, Ill.; Edward G. Chandler, of
San Francisco, Calif.; Ely H. Chayet, of Boston, Mass.; William V.
McDermott, of Mobile, Ala.; and John Patrick Hearne, of San
Francisco, Calif., were admitted to practice.
No. 462. Richard A. Knight, petitioner, v. The Bar Association of
the City of New York. Time within which to file petition for rehear-
ing extended to and including February 28 next.
No. 316. The Hecht Company, petitioner, v. Chester Bowles, Price
Administrator, etc. Argument continued by Mr. Charles A. Horsky
for the petitioner and concluded by Mr. Chester T. Lane for the
respondent.
No. 311. Murray B. McLeod, Commissioner of Revenues of the
State of Arkansas, petitioner, v. J. E. Dilworth Company et al.
Argued by Mr. Leffel Gentry for the petitioner; by Mr. J. Fred Brown
for the respondent, J. E. Dilworth Co.; and by Mr. William H.
Daggett for the respondent, Reichman-Crosby Co.
No. 441. General Trading Company, a corporation doing business
as Minneapolis Iron Store, petitioner, v. State Tax Commission of
the State of Iowa. Argued by Mr. Edward S. Stringer for the peti-
tioner and by Mr. Jens Grothe for the respondent.
No. 252. J. Howell Flournoy, Sheriff and Ex-officio Tax Collector,
appellant, v. Samuel G. Wiener et al. Argument commenced by Mr.
Leonard L. Lockard for the appellant.
Adjourned until Monday next, at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Monday, February 7, will be as follows: Nos. 252,
267, 336 (337, 338, and 339), 398 (and 423), 276, 345, 388, 486,
396, and 362.
☑
554209-
-51

MONDAY, FEBRUARY 7, 1944
127
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: The Chief Justice, Mr. Justice Roberts, Mr. Justice Black,
Mr. Justice Reed, Mr. Justice Frankfurter, Mr. Justice Douglas, Mr.
Justice Murphy, Mr. Justice Jackson, and Mr. Justice Rutledge.
Edward L. Compton, of Los Angeles, Calif.; John MacFarland Hall,
of Los Angeles, Calif.; Lewis Bailey Binford, of Los Angeles, Calif.;
Harry Baum, of Washington, D. C.; W. Bertram Waychoff, of Waynes-
burg, Pa.; Laurence Black Jacobs, of Chicago, Ill.; Jacob Brenner, of
New York City; Paul Emil Fusco, of New York City; Arthur L.
Shipman, Jr., of Hartford, Conn.; Lucas Soren Miel, of Detroit, Mich.;
Henry Whitcomb Sweeney, of Washington, D. C.; Arnold Landon
Graves, of Spokane, Wash.; and Harry T. Zucker, of New York City,
were admitted to practice.
No. 105. Eastern-Central Motor Carriers Association, Middle At-
lantic States Motor Carrier Conference, Inc., and Central States Motor
Freight Bureau, Inc., appellants, v. The United States of America and
Interstate Commerce Commission. Appeal from the District Court
of the United States for the Southern District of New York. Judg‍
ment reversed and cause remanded to the said District Court for
further proceedings in conformity with the opinion of this Court.
Opinion by Mr. Justice Rutledge. Dissenting opinion by Mr. Justice
Frankfurter in which the Chief Justice and Mr. Justice Reed concur.
No. 183. B. H. Inness Brown, David Paine, et al., petitioners, v.
John Gerdes and James D. Carpenter, Jr., Trustees of Reynolds In-
vesting Co., Inc., debtor. On writ of certiorari to the Court of Ap-
peals of the State of New York. Judgment affirmed with costs and
cause remanded to the said Court of Appeals. Opinion by Mr. Justice
Douglas. Mr. Justice Roberts concurs in the result. Concurring
opinion by Mr. Justice Frankfurter in which Mr. Justice Jackson joins.
The Chief Justice said:
"The orders of the Court appear upon the list certified by the Chief
Justice and filed with the Clerk and will not be announced orally."
No. 603. George H. Beilfuss, appellant, v. The People of the State
of California. Appeal from the District Court of Appeals, 2d Ap-
pellate District, State of California. Per curiam: The appeal is dis-
554209-44- -52

MONDAY, FEBRUARY 7, 1944
128
missed for want of jurisdiction. Section 237 (a), Judicial Code, as
amended, 28 U. S. C., sec. 344 (a). Treating the papers whereon the
appeal was allowed as a petition for writ of certiorari as required by
section 237 (c) of the Judicial Code as amended, 28 U. S. C., sec.
344 (c), certiorari is denied.
No.
Ex parte Norman Baker, petitioner;
No. Ex parte Charles Janulis, petitioner ; and
―.
No.. Ex parte Charles E. Raggio, petitioner. The motions for
leave to file petitions for writs of habeas corpus are denied.
-
―.
No. Ex parte Garfield J. Kelly, petitioner. Application denied.
No. 11, Original. The State of Illinois, complainant, v. The
State of Indiana et al. The motion of the State of Indiana to dismiss
is denied without prejudice to any question presented, Wisconsin v.
Illinois, 270 U. S. 634. The replies of the complainant to the answers
are received and ordered filed.
No. 560. Lou Nathanson, petitioner, v. The United States of
America. The order entered January 31st is amended to read as
follows:
"Per curiam: The petition for writ of certiorari is granted. The
judgment of the Circuit Court of Appeals is vacated and the cause is
remanded to the District Court of the United States for the Western
District of Missouri with directions to proceed in conformity with the
Act of December 23, 1943, Public Law No. 213, but without prejudice
to the consideration of any questions which petitioner may wish to
raise as to the validity or application of that Act."
No. 154. Anderson National Bank, suing on behalf of itself and all
others similarly situated, appellants, v. H. Clyde Reeves, individually
and as Commissioner of Revenue of the State of Kentucky, etc., et al.
J. E. Luckett, the present Commissioner of Revenue of the State of
Kentucky, J. J. Tye, and Charles E. Whittle, the present members of
the Kentucky Tax Commission and Associate Commissioners of Reve-
nue of the State of Kentucky, and Eldon S. Dummit, the present
Attorney General, are substituted as parties appellee in the place and
stead of H. Clyde Reeves, C. M. Porter, R. L. McFarland, and Hubert
Meredith, respectively, per stipulation of counsel.
No. 362. Augustus P. Norton, Deputy Commissioner for the Third
Compensation District, petitioner, v. Warner Company. Leave
granted Abraham E. Freedman to appear and present oral argument
as amicus curiae within the time allotted respondent.
No. 482. Chicago, Saint Paul, Minneapolis & Omaha Railway Com-
pany et al., appellants, v. The United States of America et al. The

MONDAY, FEBRUARY 7, 1944
129
application of appellee, Glendenning Motorways, Inc., for the allow-
ance of twenty minutes for the presentation of oral argument is
granted.
No. 388. City of Coral Gables, Florida, petitioner, v. Ed. C. Wright,
doing business as Ed. C. Wright & Company, etc., et al. The motion
of Fiduciary Council, Inc., for leave to file a brief as amicus curiae is
granted.
No. 592. Allen Calculators, Inc., appellant, v. The National Cash
Register Company et al. Further consideration of the question of the
jurisdiction of this Court in this case is postponed to the hearing of
the case on the merits and the case is transferred to the summary
docket. The Chief Justice took no part in the consideration or
decision of this question.
No. 552. Crown Can Company, petitioner, v. National Labor Rela-
tions Board. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of
Appeals for the Eighth Circuit denied.
No. 566. Winnie W. Scyphers, petitioner, v. St. Paul National
Bank. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of
Appeals of Virginia denied.
No. 567. The Wholesale Dry Goods Institute, Inc., et al., petitioners,
v. Federal Trade Commission. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
Circuit Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit denied.
No. 572. Simon L. Levy and Charles B. Levy, petitioners, v. The
United States of America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Cir-
cuit Court of Appeals for the Seventh Circuit denied.
No. 574. Samuel M. Coombs, Jr., Trustee, etc., petitioner, v. The
United States of America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
Circuit Court of Appeals for the Third Circuit denied.
No. 575. Israel A. Abrams et al., petitioners, v. Henry A. Scandrett
et al., Trustees of the Property of Chicago, Milwaukee, St. Paul and
Pacific Railroad Company. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
Circuit Court of Appeals for the Seventh Circuit denied.
No. 583. Grand Rapids Furniture Company, an Illinois Corpora-
tion, petitioner, v. Grand Rapids Furniture Company, a corporation,
et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of Appeals
for the Seventh Circuit denied.
No. 584. William Bernard Wernecke, petitioner, v. The United
States of America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court
of Appeals for the Seventh Circuit denied.
No. 616. Mary V. Murray, Phebe Keil, et al., petitioners, v. Fiorello
H. LaGuardia, as Mayor, etc., et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to
the Supreme Court of New York denied.

MONDAY, FEBRUARY 7, 1944
130
No. 593. Toffenetti Restaurant Company, Inc., petitioner, v. New
York State Labor Relations Board. The application for a stay is
denied. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals of
New York denied.
No. 622. Edward Bernatowizc, petitioner, v. Joseph E. Ragen,
Warden, etc. On petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court
of Illinois;
No. 506. Everett Heath, petitioner, v. Joseph E. Ragen, Warden,
etc. On petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of
Illinois; and
No. 556. Gerald Churchill Mackreth, petitioner, v. State of Ala-
bama. On petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of
Alabama. The motions for leave to proceed in forma pauperis are
granted. The petitions for writs of certiorari are denied.
No. 541. Clyde Fitzjerrell, petitioner, v. C. F. Becker, as Warden,
etc. The motion for leave to proceed in forma pauperis is granted.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Illinois denied.
The motion for leave to file petition for writ of habeas corpus is also
denied.
No. 54. The Mercoid Corporation, petitioner, v. Mid-Continent
Investment Company et al.; and
No. 55. The Mercoid Corporation, petitioner, v. Mid-Continent
Investment Company et al.;
No. 58. The Mercoid Corporation, petitioner, v. Minneapolis-
Honeywell Regulator Company; and
No. 59. The Mercoid Corporation, petitioner, v., Minneapolis-
Honeywell Regulator Company; and
No. 487. George Kelley, appellant, v. State of California. Peti-
tions for rehearing denied.
The Court will take a recess from Monday, February 14, until Mon-
day, February 28, next.
No. 336. National Labor Relations Board, petitioner, v. Hearst
Publications, Incorporated;
No. 337. National Labor Relations Board, petitioner, v. Stock-
holders Publishing Company, Inc.;
No. 338. National Labor Relations Board, petitioner, v. Hearst
Publications, Incorporated; and
No. 339. National Labor Relations Board, petitioner, v., The Times-
Mirror Company. Motion for leave to file brief of International

•
MONDAY, FEBRUARY 7, 1944
131
Printing Pressmen & Assistants' Union of North America, American
Federation of Labor, as amicus curiae submitted by Mr. Arthur W. A.
Cowan in that behalf, and the motion granted.
No. 252. J. Howell Fournoy, Sheriff and ex officio Tax Collector,
appellant, v. Samuel G. Wiener et al. Argument continued by Mr.
Leonard L. Lockard for the appellant; by Mr. Assistant Attorney
General Clark for the United States, as amicus curiae, by special leave
of Court; by Mr. Sidney L. Herold for appellees; and concluded by
Mr. Max Radin for the States of California et al., as amici curiae by
special leave of Court.
No. 267. The United States of America, petitioner, v. Seattle-First
National Bank, a national banking association. Argument com-
menced by Mr. Valentine Brookes for the petitioner.
Adjourned until tomorrow at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Tuesday, February 8, will be as follows: Nos. 267,
336 (337, 338, and 339), 398 (and 423), 276, 345, 388, 486, 396,
and 362.
X

TUESDAY, FEBRUARY 8, 1944
132
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: The Chief Justice, Mr. Justice Roberts, Mr. Justice
Black, Mr. Justice Reed, Mr. Justice Frankfurter, Mr. Justice Douglas,
Mr. Justice Murphy, Mr. Justice Jackson, and Mr. Justice Rutledge.
Richard Liebman, of Oakland, Calif.; Gordon Campbell, of Mon-
terey, Calif.; Maxwell Barus, of New York City; W. Terry Gibson,
of West Palm Beach, Fla.; Morton B. Adams, of Miami, Fla.;
Samuel M. Watson, of St. Louis, Mo.; Philip A. Maxeiner, of St.
Louis, Mo.; and Winston F. Groom, of Mobile, Ala., were admitted
to practice.
No. 493. Carl Wilhelm Baumgartner, petitioner, v. The United
States of America. It is ordered that Harold Evans, Esq., of Phila-
delphia, Pa., a member of the bar of this Court, be appointed to serve
as counsel for the petitioner in this case.
No. 267. The United States of America, petitioner, v. Seattle-
First National Bank, a National Banking Association. Argument
continued by Mr. Valentine Brookes for the petitioner; by Mr. Arnold
L. Graves for the respondent; and concluded by Mr. Valentine Brookes
for the petitioner.
No. 336. National Labor Relations Board, petitioner, v. Hearst
Publications, Incorporated;
No. 337. National Labor Relations Board, petitioner, v. Stock-
holders Publishing Company, Inc.;
No. 338. National Labor Relations Board, petitioner, v. Hearst
Publications, Incorporated; and
No. 339. National Labor Relations Board, petitioner, v. The Times-
Mirror Company. Three and one-half hours allowed for oral argu-
ment. Argument commenced by Mr. Alvin J. Rockwell for the peti-
tioner; continued by Mr. John M. Hall for the respondent in No. 336;
and by Mr. Edward L. Compton for the respondent in No. 338.
Adjourned until tomorrow at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Wednesday, February 9, will be as follows: Nos.
336 (337, 338, and 339), 398 (and 423), 276, 345, 388, 486, 396,
and 362.
☑
554209-44--53

WEDNESDAY, FEBRUARY 9, 1944
133
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: The Chief Justice, Mr. Justice Roberts, Mr. Justice Black,
Mr. Justice Reed, Mr. Justice Frankfurter, Mr. Justice Douglas, Mr.
Justice Murphy, Mr. Justice Jackson, and Mr. Justice Rutledge.
W. Inman Curry, of Augusta, Ga.; Milton E. Sahn, of New York
City; John C. Wynn, of Tallahassee, Fla.; Murray Sendler, of New
York City; Mason Ladd, of Iowa City, Iowa; Howard A. Cashmore,
of New York City; C. Alfred Capen, of New York City; and John F.
Eberhardt, of Wichita, Kans., were admitted to practice.
No. 336. National Labor Relations Board, petitioner, v. Hearst
Publications, Incorporated;
No. 337. National Labor Relations Board, petitioner, v. Stock-
holders Publishing Company, Inc.;
No. 338. National Labor Relations Board, petitioner, v. Hearst
Publications, Incorporated; and
No. 339. National Labor Relations Board, petitioner, v. The Times-
Mirror Company. Argument continued by Mr. Lewis B. Binford for
the respondent in No. 337; by Mr. T. B. Cosgrove for the respondent
in No. 339; and concluded by Mr. Alvin J. Rockwell for the petitioner.
No. 398. Hazel-Atlas Glass Company, petitioner, v. Hartford-
Empire Company; and
No. 423. Shawkee Manufacturing Company et al., petitioners, v.
Hartford-Empire Company. Argument commenced by Mr. Stephen
H. Philbin for the petitioner in No. 398; continued by Mr. William
B. Jaspert for the petitioner in No. 423; and by Mr. Francis W. Cole
for the respondent. Leave granted respondent to file reply to brief
of the Government, as amicus curiae, by Friday, next.
Adjourned until tomorrow at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Thursday, February 10, will be as follows: Nos.
398 (and 423), 276, 345, 388, 486, and 396.
554209-44- -54

THURSDAY, FEBRUARY 10, 1944
134
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: The Chief Justice, Mr. Justice Roberts, Mr. Justice Black,
Mr. Justice Reed, Mr. Justice Frankfurter, Mr. Justice Douglas, Mr.
Justice Murphy, Mr. Justice Jackson, and Mr. Justice Rutledge.
Letitia Armistead, of Williamsburg, Va.; Paul J. Kilday, of San
Antonio, Tex.; Harry Troth Gross, of Baltimore, Md.; and Jeff D.
Griffith, of Saluda, S. C., were admitted to practice.
No. 398. Hazel-Atlas Glass Company, petitioner, v. Hartford-
Empire Company; and
No. 423. Shawkee Manufacturing Company et al., petitioners, v.
Hartford-Empire Company. Argument concluded by Mr. Francis
W. Cole for the respondent.
No. 276. The Security Flour Mills Company, petitioner, v. Com-
missioner of Internal Revenue. Argued by Mr. Robert C. Foulston
and Mr. John F. Eberhardt for the petitioner and by Mr. J. Louis
Monarch for the respondent.
No. 345. Emanual Pollock, appellant, v. H. T. Williams, as Sheriff
of Brevard County, Florida. Argued by Mr. Raymer F. Maguire
for the appellant and by Mr. John C. Wynn for the appellee.
No. 388. City of Coral Gables, Florida, petitioner, v. Ed. C.
Wright, doing business as Ed. C. Wright & Company, etc. Argu-
ment commenced by Mr. Morton B. Adams for the petitioner.
Adjourned until tomorrow at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Friday, February 11, will be as follows: Nos. 388,
486, and 396.
554209-44-55

FRIDAY, FEBRUARY 11, 1944
135
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: The Chief Justice, Mr. Justice Roberts, Mr. Justice Black,
Mr. Justice Reed, Mr. Justice Frankfurter, Mr. Justice Douglas, Mr.
Justice Murphy, Mr. Justice Jackson, and Mr. Justice Rutledge.
Arthur L. Rowe, of Columbus, Ohio; William Orr Sawyers, of St.
Joseph, Mo.; Grover C. Powell, of Atlanta, Ga.; William N. Gurt-
man, of Passaic, N. J.; Charles J. Bodner, of Passaic, N. J.; Lamar
Ellsworth Chamberlain, of Washington, D. C.; B. Rhoden Coward,
of Washington, D. C.; and George A. Newton, of Chicago, Ill., were
admitted to practice.
No. 475. Georgia M. Spruill, petitioner, v. William T. Ballard
et al. Time within which to file petition for rehearing extended to
and including March 1 next.
No. 388. City of Coral Gables, Florida, petitioner, v. Ed. C.
Wright, doing business as Ed. C. Wright & Company, etc., et al.
Argument continued by Mr. Morton B. Adams for the petitioner ;
by Mr. Miller Walton for the respondent, Ed. C. Wright; by Mr.
F. A. Berry for the respondent, The American National Bank of
Nashville; and concluded by Mr. Ira C. Haycock for the petitioner.
No. 486. Lester Follett, appellant, v. Town of McCormick, South
Carolina. Argued by Mr. Hayden C. Covington for the appellant
and by Mr. J. Fred Buzhardt and Mr. Jeff D. Griffith for the appellee.
No. 396. Fred M. Vinson, Director of Economic Stabilization, etc.,
et al., petitioners, v. Washington Gas Light Company et al. Argu-
ment commenced by Mr. Paul A. Freund for the petitioners and con-
tinued by Mr. Richmond B. Keech for the respondent, Public Util-
ities Commission.
Adjourned until Monday next at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Monday, February 14, will be as follows: No. 396.
Х
554209-44– -56

MONDAY, FEBRUARY 14, 1944
136
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: The Chief Justice, Mr. Justice Roberts, Mr. Justice Black,
Mr. Justice Reed, Mr. Justice Frankfurter, Mr. Justice Douglas, Mr.
Justice Murphy, Mr. Justice Jackson, and Mr. Justice Rutledge.
W. H. Barnes, of Terrell, Tex.; Alex Elson, of Chicago, Ill.; L.
Presley Gill, of Seattle, Wash.; Lyman B. Gillett, of Racine, Wis.;
Frederick W. Turner, Jr., of Chicago, Ill.; Daniel Kornblum, of New
York City; and Ferdinand F. E. Kopecky, of Dewey, Okla., were
admitted to practice.
No. 115. Guy T. Helvering, Commissioner of Internal Revenue,
petitioner, v. Lane-Wells Company, and Technicraft Engineering Cor-
poration. On writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court
of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit. Judgment reversed and cause
remanded to the said Circuit Court of Appeals with directions to
remand to the Tax Court for further proceedings in accordance with
the opinion of this Court. Opinion by Mr. Justice Jackson.
No. 1. R. Simpson & Co., Inc., petitioner, v. Commissioner of Inter-
nal Revenue. On writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court
of Appeals for the Second Circuit. Writ of certiorari dismissed for
want of jurisdiction. Opinion by Mr. Justice Jackson. Dissenting
opinion by Mr. Justice Douglas in which Mr. Justice Murphy and Mr.
Justice Rutledge concur.
No. 44. John V. Dobson, petitioner, v. Commissioner of Internal
Revenue; and
No. 47. H. J. Harwick, petitioner, v. Commissioner of Internal
Revenue. On writs of certiorari to the Circuit Court of Appeals for
the Eighth Circuit. Petition for rehearing denied. Opinion by Mr.
Justice Jackson. Dissenting: Mr. Justice Douglas.
The Chief Justice announced the following orders of the Court:
No. 577. Andrew Jackson Trimble (Jack Trimble) and Joe Trim-
ble, an infant, etc., appellants, v. Zack Justice and K. L. Arnold,
Executors, et al. Appeal from and on writ of certiorari to the Court
of Appeals of Kentucky. Per curiam: The motion for leave to file
the statement as to jurisdiction is granted. The motion to dismiss
is granted and the appeal is dismissed for want of jurisdiction. Sec-
554209-44- -57

MONDAY, FEBRUARY 14, 1944
137
tion 237 (a), Judicial Code, as amended, 28 U. S. C., sec. 344 (a).
The petition for writ of certiorari is denied.
No. 619. Helen Calhoun Cash, appellant, v. The Metropolitan Trust
Company and The People of the State of Illinois. Appeal from the
Supreme Court of Illinois. Per curiam: The motion to dismiss is
granted and the appeal is dismissed for the want of a properly pre-
sented substantial federal question. (1) Simons v. Craft, 182 U. S.
427, 428, 434-5; Chaloner v. Sherman, 242 U. S. 455, 459-60; (2) Milk
Wagon Drivers' Union v. Meadowmoor Co., 312 U. S. 287, 294; (3)
Milwaukee Elevated Ry. v. Milwaukee, 252 U. S. 100, 106.
The Chief Justice said:
"The other orders of the Court appear upon the list certified by the
Chief Justice and filed with the Clerk and will not be announced
orally."
No. Ex parte Harry C. Kelly, petitioner. Application denied.
No. Ex parte William Clark, petitioner. The motion for leave
to file petition for writ of habeas corpus is denied.
No.. Ex parte Selvie W. Wells, petitioner. The motion for leave
to file petition for writ of habeas corpus is denied and the rule to show
cause is discharged.
No. 195. Northwestern Electric Company et al., petitioners, v.
Federal Power Commission. It is ordered that the opinion of the
Court in this case be amended by striking out the sentence beginning
"In a brief", at line 10, page 4, and by altering the first sentence of the
succeeding paragraph, beginning with the word "although", to read as
follows: "Although, as suggested in a brief filed by the American
Institute of Accountants, the Commission's prescribed method of
eliminating the write-up may not accord with the best accounting
practice, it is sustained by expert evidence."
No. 70. Charles M. Thomson, as Trustee of the property of the
Chicago and North Western Railway Company, appellant, v. The
United States and Interstate Commerce Commission. The motion to
substitute Claude A. Roth as Trustee in the place and stead of Charles
M. Thomson, deceased, is granted.
No. 98. Sarah Prince, appellant, v. Commonwealth of Massachu-
setts. Time within which to file petition for rehearing extended to
and including March 26th next, and mandate stayed.
No. 568. Terry Linnell Harper, petitioner, v. The United States of
America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of
Appeals for the Fifth Circuit denied.

MONDAY, FEBRUARY 14, 1944
138
No. 573. Herbert Otto Schuchardt, petitioner, v. The People of the
State of Michigan. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court
of Midland County, Michigan, denied.
No. 576. Amy Meeks, petitioner, v. Roland L. Taylor, Individually,
etc. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of Appeals
for the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 582. The United States of America upon the relation and for
the use of the Tennessee Valley Authority, petitioner, v. W. V. N.
Powelson, Assignee and successor in interest of Southern States Power
Company, et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court
of Appeals for the Fourth Circuit denied.
No. 585. Jeanette A. Noel et al., petitioners, v. Edson B. Olds, Jr.,
et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of
Appeals for the District of Columbia denied.
No. 591. Cooperative Transit Company et al., petitioners, v. The
State Road Commission of West Virginia. Petition for writ of
certiorari to the Supreme Court of Appeals of West Virginia denied.
No. 581. Forest G. Wood, petitioner, v. Alfred F. Dowd, Warden,
etc. On petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of
Indiana;
No. 596. Rowdy K. Reaves, petitioner, v. The State of Missouri.
On petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Missouri;
No. 599. J. B. Lumley, petitioner, v. The State of Missouri. On
petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Missouri;
No. 645. John Locke, petitioner, v. Joseph E. Ragen, Warden, etc.
On petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Illinois;
No. 653. Thomas Shellenberg, petitioner, v. C. F. Becker, Warden,
etc. On petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of
Illinois; and
No. 586. Wayne Sprague, petitioner, v. The People of the State of
Illinois. On petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of
Illinois. The motions for leave to proceed in forma pauperis are
granted. The petitions for writs of certiorari are denied.
No. 612. Walter Evenow, petitioner, v. The People of the State of
Illinois. The motion for leave to proceed in forma pauperis is granted.
The petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Illinois is
denied for the reason that application therefor was not made within
the time provided by law. Section 8 (a), Act of February 13, 1925
(43 Stat. 936, 940), 28 U. S. C., section 350.
No. 94. Mary Tennant, Administratrix, etc., petitioner, v. Peoria
and Pekin Union Railway Company. Petition for rehearing denied.

MONDAY, FEBRUARY 14, 1944
139
No. 4. J. Oliver Hill, Administrator, etc., petitioner, v. Francis L.
Hawes, individually, etc. Mr. Justice Douglas is of the view that a
rehearing of this case should be ordered.
No. 396. Fred M. Vinson, Director of Economic Stabilization, etc.,
et al., petitioners, v. Washington Gas Light Company et al. Argument
continued by Mr. Stoddard M. Stevens, Jr., for the respondent, Wash-
ington Gas Light Co., and concluded by Mr. Paul A. Freund for the
petitioners.
Adjourned until Monday, February 28, at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Monday, February 28, will be as follows: Nos. 391,
362, 355, 417, 317, 384 (and 385), 265, 521, 392, and 472.
☑

MONDAY, FEBRUARY 28, 1944
140
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: The Chief Justice, Mr. Justice Roberts, Mr. Justice Black,
Mr. Justice Reed, Mr. Justice Frankfurter, Mr. Justice Douglas, Mr.
Justice Murphy, Mr. Justice Jackson, and Mr. Justice Rutledge.
Maurice S. Levy, of Philadelphia, Pa.; Herbert Hall McAdams, Jr.,
of Jonesboro, Ark.; Harry M. Wilson, of Waycross, Ga.; Franklin B.
Hosbach, of Erie, Pa.; Albert B. Chipman, of Plymouth, Ind.; Wen-
dell S. Holmes, of Hutchinson, Kans.; Dale W. Maxwell, of Columbus,
Kans.; Samuel B. Fortenbaugh, Jr., of Philadelphia, Pa.; Milton
Cole, of Tucson, Ariz.; Joseph Rosenbaum, of Chicago, Ill.; Robert
F. Cotton, of Paris, Ill.; Elizabeth W. Eisenhart, of Washington,
D. C.; L. Bryan Dabney, of Vicksburg, Miss.; E. F. Vanderstucken,
Jr., of Washington, D. C.; Frederick Lewis Church, of Washington,
D. C.; Edward R. Lewis, of Chicago, Ill.; Donald L. Robertson, of
Minneapolis, Minn.; Marvin A. Hathcoat, of Harrison, Ark.; Joseph
Morrison, of Stuttgart, Ark.; Aaron E. Koota, of New York City;
J. George Levy, of New York City; G. R. Atkinson, of Covington,
Ky.; Alfred C. Hirth, of Toledo, Ohio; Alton T. Milam, of Atlanta,
Ga.; Jas. F. Bickers, of Memphis, Tenn.; Ross Carlton, of Dallas,
Tex.; and Searcy L. Johnson, of Dallas, Tex., were admitted to
practice..
No. 67. J. I. Case Company, petitioner, v. National Labor Rela-
tions Board. On writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit
Court of Appeals for the Seventh Circuit. Decree modified as indi-
cated in the opinion and, as so modified, affirmed and cause remanded
to the said Circuit Court of Appeals. Opinion by Mr. Justice Jack-
son. Dissenting: Mr. Justice Roberts.
No. 343. The Order of Railroad Telegraphers, petitioner, v. Rail-
way Express Agency, Incorporated. On writ of certiorari to the
United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit. Judg-
ment reversed with costs and cause remanded to District Court of the
United States for the Northern District of Georgia for further pro-
ceedings in conformity with the opinion of this Court. Opinion by
Mr. Justice Jackson. Dissenting: Mr. Justice Roberts.
No. 316. The Hecht Company, petitioner, v. Chester Bowles, Price
Administrator of the Office of Price Administration. On writ of cer-
tiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the District of
554209-44—— -58

MONDAY, FEBRUARY 28, 1944
141
Columbia. Judgment reversed and cause remanded to the said Court
of Appeals for further proceedings in conformity with the opinion
of this Court. Opinion by Mr. Justice Douglas. Mr. Justice Frank-
furter agrees that Sec. 205 (a) of the Emergency Price Control Act,
apart from dispensing with any requirement for a bond, does not
change the historic conditions for the exercise by courts of equity of
their power to issue injunctions, according to which the Court of
Appeals should now dispose of this cause. Mr. Justice Roberts of
opinion that the judgment of the Court of Appeals should be reversed
and that of the District Court affirmed.
No. 211. Delbert O. Stark, A. F. Stratton, A. R. Denton, et al.,
petitioners, v. Claude R. Wickard, Secretary of Agriculture of the
United States, et al. On writ of certiorari to the United States
Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia. Judgment reversed
and cause remanded to the District Court of the United States for
the District of Columbia for further proceedings in conformity with
the opinion of this Court. Opinion by Mr. Justice Reed. Mr. Justice
Black is of the view that the judgment should be affirmed for the
reasons given in the opinion of the Court of Appeals. Mr. Justice
Jackson took no part in the consideration or decision of this case.
Dissenting opinion by Mr. Justice Frankfurter.
No. 262. The Goodyear Tire & Rubber Company, Inc., and General
Dry Batteries, Inc., petitioners, v. Ray-O-Vac Company. On writ
of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the
Seventh Circuit. Decree affirmed with costs and cause remanded to
the District Court of the United States for the Eastern District of
Illinois. Opinion by Mr. Justice Roberts. Dissenting opinion by
Mr. Justice Black in which Mr. Justice Douglas and Mr. Justice
Murphy concur. Dissenting: Mr. Justice Jackson.
No. 276. The Security Flour Mills Company, petitioner, v. Com-
missioner of Internal Revenue. On writ of certiorari to the United
States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Tenth Circuit. Judgment
affirmed and cause remanded to the said Circuit Court of Appeals.
Opinion by Mr. Justice Roberts. Dissenting: Mr. Justice Douglas
and Mr. Justice Jackson.
No. 154. Anderson National Bank, suing on behalf of itself and
all others similarly situated, appellants, v. J. E. Luckett, Individually
and as Commissioner of Revenue of the State of Kentucky, etc., et al.
Appeal from the Court of Appeals of the State of Kentucky. Judg-
ment affirmed with costs and cause remanded to the said Court of
Appeals. Opinion by Mr. Chief Justice Stone.
No. 252. J. Howell Flournoy, Sheriff and Ex-officio Tax Collector,
appellant, v. Samuel G. Wiener, William B. Wiener, and Jacques

MONDAY, FEBRUARY 28, 1944
142
L. Wiener. Appeal from the Supreme Court of the State of Louisi-
ana. Appeal dismissed for want of jurisdiction. Opinion by Mr.
Chief Justice Stone. Dissenting opinion by Mr. Justice Frankfurter
in which Mr. Justice Roberts and Mr. Justice Jackson concur.
The Chief Justice said:
"The orders of the Court appear upon the list certified by the Chief
Justice and filed with the Clerk and will not be announced orally."
No. Ex parte John Foster, petitioner. The motion for leave to
file petition for writ of habeas corpus is denied.
No.. Robert L. Peyton, petitioner, v. Railway Express Agency,
Inc., et al.;
-
No. Mason B. Patten, petitioner, v. J. Charles Dennis, U. S.
Attorney, et al.; and
-.
No. John Exum, petitioner, v. People of the State of Illinois.
Applications denied.
-
No. John Dioguardi, appellant, v. City of New York Parks et al.
Petition for appeal denied.
No. . L. P. Steuart & Bro., Inc., petitioner, v. Chester Bowles,
Administrator, etc. The motion of petitioner to stay the mandate
and to continue the temporary restraining order is granted and the
mandate is stayed and the temporary restraining order continued until
March 15 next, and if on or before that date a petition for a writ of
certiorari is filed in this Court in this case, it is ordered that the
mandate be stayed and the temporary restraining order be continued
until the final disposition of the case by this Court.
No. 514. The United States of America, petitioner, v. James P.
Mitchell; and
No. 515. The United States of America, petitioner, v. James P.
Mitchell. The motion to enlarge the record is denied.
No. 436. L. Metcalfe Walling, Administrator, etc., petitioner, v.
James V. Reuter, Inc. Further consideration of the motion to recall
the writ of certiorari is postponed to the hearing of the case on the
merits.
No. 142. The United States, petitioner, v. Howard C. Myers;
No. 143. The United States, petitioner, v. John H. Arble;
No. 144. The United States, petitioner, v. Charles C. Martin;
No. 145. The United States, petitioner, v. Walter O. Plitz, and
No. 146. The United States, petitioner, v. George H. Spitz. On
respondents' petition for clarification of the opinion of the Court,
it is ordered that the two paragraphs beginning on page 10 of the
slip opinion be amended to read as follows:

MONDAY, FEBRUARY 28, 1944
143
"As to Sundays and holidays, we construe the statute to require
extra compensation for inspectors without regard to the hours of
the day or whether such services are additional to a regular weekly
tour of duty. Before Section 5 there was no authority to pay extra
compensation for Sunday and holiday work. Revised Statutes, Sec-
tion 2871, allowed extra pay for nighttime work only. Somewhat
indirectly the Act of February 13, 1911, gave Sunday and holiday
pay and the 1920 amendment made the right to that extra compen-
sation clear by saying extra compensation shall be paid inspectors
'who may be required to remain on duty between the hours of five
o'clock postmeridian and eight o'clock antemeridian, or on Sundays
or holidays'. This language and the Customs Regulations, note 18,
supra, give an employee who works regular hours weekdays in day-
time extra pay for Sunday and holiday work. The statute covers
also those who work outside the statutory normal hours. Logically,
if Sundays and holidays were not to receive extra compensation,
without regard to whether services on those days were overtime, there
would have been no occasion to add Sundays and holidays to the
overtime. Overtime would cover every situation.
"The proviso of Section 5 does not give the Collector of Customs
authority to make assignments which deprive inspectors of this
Sunday and holiday pay. It authorizes adjustments of hours but
specifically forbids alteration of overtime pay. It is silent as to
Sundays and holidays which leaves the earlier grant of extra com-
pensation for those days in effect. Overtime pay is also applicable
to Sundays and holidays when inspectors work longer than nine hours
with one hour for food and rest. The rate of overtime extra com-
pensation on Sundays and holidays is the same as the rate for week
days. The administrative practice is uncertain. It does not sup-
port a contrary conclusion. The Government cites excerpts from
testimony on amendatory bills, not here directly involved, which
indicate the extra compensation is paid for Sundays and holidays.22
Findings 5 and 6 of the Court of Claims, note 17, supra, show that
extra compensation was paid at times for Sunday and holiday
services.28"
No. 634. Kenneth M. Keefe and Wallace D. Bradford, appellants,
v. Earl L. Clark, Drain Commissioner of Oakland County, Michigan,
et al.;
No. 620. International Harvester Company, appellant, v. Wis-
consin Department of Taxation; and
No. 621. Minnesota Mining and Manufacturing Company, appel-
lant, v. Wisconsin Department of Taxation. In these cases probable
jurisdiction is noted.

MONDAY, FEBRUARY 28, 1944
144
No. 662. The United States of America, appellant, v. Crescent
Amusement Company et al.;
No. 663. The United States of America, appellant, v. Crescent
Amusement Company et al.; and
No. 664. Crescent Amusement Company et al., appellants, v. The
United States of America. Further consideration of the question of
the jurisdiction of this Court in these cases is postponed to the
hearing of the cases on the merits.
No. 349. Carlos M. DeCastro, petitioner, v. Board of Commission-
ers of San Juan. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court
of Appeals for the First Circuit granted.
No. 613. American Seating Company, petitioner, v. Lucian T. Zell.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of Appeals for the
Second Circuit granted.
No. 649. Barge "Anaconda" and Smith-Rowland Company, Inc.,
petitioners, v. American Sugar Refining Company. Petition for writ
of certiorari to the Circuit Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit
granted.
No. 497. Mario Mercado E Hijos, petitioner, v. Elvira Olivieri
Commins et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court
of Appeals for the First Circuit granted and the case is assigned for
argument immediately following No. 349. The motion for leave to
file petition for writ of mandamus is denied.
No. 558. Sea Gull Lubricants, Inc., petitioner, v. The United
States. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Claims denied.
No. 579. United States Lines Operations, Inc., petitioner, v. The
United States. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Claims
denied.
No. 590. C. Edward Davis, petitioner, v. The United States of
America et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of
Appeals for the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 594. Ben Pearson, Carl B. Haun, and J. T. Haun, doing busi-
ness as Ben Pearson Company, petitioners, v. L. Metcalfe Walling,
Administrator, etc. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit
Court of Appeals for the Eighth Circuit denied.
No. 595. Co-operative Transit Company, petitioner, v. Hypha
Dayoub. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of Ap-
peals for the Sixth Circuit denied.
No. 604. International Ladies' Garment Workers Union (an unin-
corporated association) et al., petitioners, v. Superior Court of the
State of California, in and for the City and County of San Francisco,
et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the District Court of Appeal,
1st Appellate District, State of California, denied.

MONDAY, FEBRUARY 28, 1944
145
No. 608. Charles B. Van Dusen, petitioner, v. Commissioner of
Internal Revenue. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court
of Appeals for the Sixth Circuit denied.
No. 609. Minnie B. Van Dusen, petitioner, v. Commissioner of In-
ternal Revenue. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court
of Appeals for the Sixth Circuit denied.
No. 610. International Typographical Union, a voluntary associa-
tion, petitioner, v. County of Macomb, Martin Drain et al. Petition
for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Michigan denied.
No. 614. Columbia Cheese Co., Conestoga Cream and Cheese Mfg.
Corp., et al., petitioners, v. Paul V. McNutt, as Federal Security Ad-
ministrator of the United States. Petition for writ of certiorari to
the Circuit Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit denied.
No. 615. Jasper Chair Company, petitioner, v. National Labor Re-
lations Board. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of
Appeals for the Seventh Circuit denied.
No. 618. New Southern Ohio Gas Company and Charles Ebers-
bach, petitioners, v. Sylvia Roush, Wilbur Roush, et al. Petition for
writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of Appeals for the Sixth Circuit
denied.
No. 626. Grover L. Derrick et al., petitioners, v. The City Council
of Augusta et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court
of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 627. Charleston Transit Company et al., petitioners, v. Sterling
National Bank & Trust Company of New York, etc., as Trustee.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Appeals of
West Virginia denied.
No. 605. Evelyn Flynn, petitioner, v. Chester Bowles, Price Ad-
ministrator. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Emergency Court of Appeals denied.
No. 623. Joseph J. Bodell, Executor, Estate of Frederick Bodell,
petitioner, v. Commissioner of Internal Revenue. Petition for writ
of certiorari to the Circuit Court of Appeals for the First Circuit
denied.
No. 629. Edward M. Bryan et al., petitioners, v. A. A. Creaves.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of Appeals for the
Seventh Circuit denied.
No. 630. Edward G. Budd Manufacturing Company, petitioner, v.
National Labor Relations Board. Petition for writ of certiorari to
the Circuit Court of Appeals for the Third Circuit denied.

MONDAY, FEBRUARY 28, 1944
146
No. 631. Benjamin E. Cohen et al., petitioners, v. Leonard A.
Young et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of
Appeals for the Sixth Circuit denied.
No. 651. S. Duke, doing business under the name and style of
Roosevelt Chair & Supply Company, petitioner, v. Herbert A. Everest
and Harry C. Jennings. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit
Court of Appeals for the Seventh Circuit denied.
No. 607. Harmon Metz Waley, petitioner, v. James A. Johnston,
Warden, etc. On petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court
of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit;
No. 611. George Duncan, petitioner, v. State of Iowa. On petition
for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Iowa;
No. 672. Marion Taylor, petitioner, v. Joseph E. Ragen, Warden,
etc. On petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of Appeals
for the Seventh Circuit;
No. 677. Perry Frame, petitioner, v. Milton F. Amrine, Warden,
etc. On petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Kansas;
No. 509. E. Z. Lang, petitioner, v. E. B. Swope, Warden, etc. On
petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of Appeals for the
Seventh Circuit; and
No. 666. Woody Johnson et al., petitioners, v. Masonic Building
Company. On petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of
Appeals for the Fifth Circuit. The motions for leave to proceed in
forma pauperis are granted. The petitions for writs of certiorari are
denied.
No. 70. Claude A. Roth, as Trustee of the Property of the Chicago
and North Western Railway Company, appellant, v. The United States
of America et al.;
No. 158. The B. F. Goodrich Company, petitioner, v. The United
States of America; and
No. 529. The People of the State of New York, ex rel. Joseph
Richards, etc., petitioner, v. Robert J. Kirby, as Warden, etc. The
petitions for rehearing are denied.
No. 391. E. E. Ashcraft and John Ware, petitioners, v. State of
Tennessee. Argument commenced by Mr. James F. Bickers for the
petitioners; continued by Mr. Nat Tipton for the respondent; and
concluded by Mr. Grover N. McCormick for the petitioners.
No. 362. Augustus P. Norton, Deputy Commissioner, etc., peti-
tioner, v. Warner Company. Argument commenced by Mr. Assistant
Attorney General Shea for the petitioner and continued by Mr. Sam-
uel B. Fortenbaugh, Jr., for the respondent; and by Mr. Abraham E.

MONDAY, FEBRUARY 28, 1944
147
Freedman for National Marine Engineers Beneficial Association, as
amicus curiae, by special leave of Court.
Adjourned until tomorrow at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Tuesday, February 29, will be as follows: Nos. 362,
355, 417, 317, 384 (and 385), 265, 521, 392, 472, and 366.
☑

TUESDAY, FEBRUARY 29, 1944
148
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: The Chief Justice, Mr. Justice Roberts, Mr. Justice Black,
Mr. Justice Reed, Mr. Justice Frankfurter, Mr. Justice Douglas, Mr.
Justice Murphy, Mr. Justice Jackson, and Mr. Justice Rutledge.
Osmer C. Ingalls, of Columbus, Ohio; Thorley von Holst, of Chi-
cago, Ill.; Harold Irving Baynton, of Reno, Nev.; Earl S. Nelson, of
Portland, Oreg.; Robert W. Poore, of Chicago, Ill.; Elmer M. Million,
of Moscow, Idaho; Francis Fay Miller, of Manchester, Mass.; Wil-
liam Harry Phillips, of Watertown, Tenn.; Edward J. Ross, of New
York City; and James B. Donovan, of New York City, were admitted
to practice.
No. 362. Augustus P. Norton, Deputy Commissioner, etc., peti-
tioner, v. Warner Company. Argument concluded by Mr. Abraham
E. Freedman for National Marine Engineers Beneficial Association,
as amicus curiae, by special leave of Court.
No. 355. International Harvester Company et al., appellants, v.
Department of Treasury of the State of Indiana et al. Argument
commenced by Mr. Edward R. Lewis for the appellants; continued
by Mr. Winslow Van Horne and Mr. John J. McShane for the ap-
pellees; and concluded by Mr. Joseph J. Daniels for the appellant.
No. 417. The United States of America et al., appellants, v. County
of Allegheny, Pennsylvania. Argument commenced by Mr. Solicitor
General Fahy for the appellant, The United States, and continued by
Mr. Edward G. Bothwell for the appellee.
Adjourned until tomorrow at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Wednesday, March 1, will be as follows: Nos. 417,
317, 384 (and 385), 265, 521, 392, 472, 366, 463, and 130 (131,
132, and 133).
☑
554209-44-
-59

WEDNESDAY, MARCH 1, 1944
149
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: The Chief Justice, Mr. Justice Roberts, Mr. Justice Black,
Mr. Justice Reed, Mr. Justice Frankfurter, Mr. Justice Douglas, Mr.
Justice Murphy, Mr. Justice Jackson, and Mr. Justice Rutledge.
Benjamin E. Gordon, of Boston, Mass.; Oliver O. Clark, of Los
Angeles, Calif.; Charles M. Thomas, of Washington, D. C.; Charles
S. Bolster, of Boston, Mass.; Christopher E. Heckman, of New York
City; Paul Port, of Houston, Tex.; Ben Meyers, of Chicago, Ill.; and
Ernest Goodman, of Detroit, Mich., were admitted to practice.
No. 109. City of Yonkers and John W. Tooley, Jr., as President of
Committee of Yonkers Commuters, etc., appellants, v. The United
States of America et al. Mandate stayed until March 30 next, on
motion of counsel for the appellee, the New York Central Railroad
Company.
No. 417. The United States of America and Mesta Machine Com-
pany, appellants, v. County of Allegheny, Pennsylvania. Argument
continued by Mr. Edward G. Bothwell for the appellee; by Miss Anne
X. Alpern for the Member Cities of the National Institute of Munic-
ipal Law Officers, as amici curiae, by special leave of Court; and con-
cluded by Mr. Solicitor General Fahy for the appellant, the United
States; and case submitted by Mr. Elder W. Marshall and Mr. Carl
E. Glock for the appellant, Mesta Machine Company.
No. 317. Crites, Incorporated, petitioner, v. Prudential Insurance
Company of America et al. Argument commenced by Mr. Isaac E.
Ferguson for the petitioner; continued by Mr. Clarence D. Laylin.
and Mr. Osmer C. Ingalls for the respondents; and concluded by Mr.
Joseph Rosenbaum for the petitioner.
No. 384. Cornell Steamboat Company, appellant, v. The United
States of America et al.; and
No. 385. Boston Towboat Company, appellant, v. The United States
of America et al. Argument commenced by Mr. Robert S. Erskine
for the appellant in No. 384.
Adjourned until tomorrow at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Thursday, March 2, will be as follows: Nos. 384
(and 385), 265, 521, 392, 472, 366, 463, 130 (131, 132, and 133),
483, and 453.
☑
554209-44- -60

THURSDAY, MARCH 2, 1944
150
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: The Chief Justice, Mr. Justice Roberts, Mr. Justice Black,
Mr. Justice Reed, Mr. Justice Frankfurter, Mr. Justice Douglas, Mr.
Justice Murphy, Mr. Justice Jackson, and Mr. Justice Rutledge.
Fred M. Harris, of Bartow, Fla.; James Frank Wiedemann, of
Marion, Ohio; Joseph F. Rank, of Los Angeles, Calif.; Harry Henke,
Jr., of Seattle, Wash.; Ralph C. Curren, of Los Angeles, Calif.; Ben-
jamin F. Morrison, of Chicago, Ill.; Isidore Nussbaum, of New York
City; and Warren Arthur Grauel, of St. Louis, Mo., were admitted
to practice.
No. 384. Cornell Steamboat Company, appellant, v. The United
States of America et al.; and
No. 385. Boston Towboat Company, appellant, v. The United
States of America et al. Argument continued by Mr. Robert S.
Erskine for the appellant in No. 384; by Mr. Charles S. Bolster for
the appellant in No. 385; by Mr. Robert L. Pierce for the appellees,
the United States and Interstate Commerce Commission; and con-
cluded by Mr. Christopher E. Heckman for the appellee, National
Water Carriers Association, Inc.
No. 265. Medo Photo Supply Corporation, petitioner, v. National
Labor Relations Board. Argued by Mr. William E. Friedman for the
petitioner and by Miss Ruth Weyand for the respondent.
No. 521. Franks Bros. Company, petitioner, v. National Labor Re-
lations Board. Argument commenced by Mr. Benjamin E. Gordon
for the petitioner.
Adjourned until tomorrow at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Friday, March 3, will be as follows: Nos. 521, 392,
472, 366, 463, 130 (131, 132, and 133), 483, 453, 482, and 492.
☑
554209-44——— -61

FRIDAY, MARCH 3, 1944
151
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: The Chief Justice, Mr. Justice Roberts, Mr. Justice Black,
Mr. Justice Reed, Mr. Justice Frankfurter, Mr. Justice Douglas, Mr.
Justice Murphy, Mr. Justice Jackson, and Mr. Justice Rutledge.
J. Albert Hutchinson, of San Francisco, Calif.; James E. O'Brien,
of Minneapolis, Minn.; Kimball B. De Voy, of Minneapolis, Minn.; and
Jerome A. Rothenberg, of Detroit, Mich., were admitted to practice.
No. 392. Universal Oil Products Company, petitioner, v. Globe Oil
& Refining Company. Three hours allowed for oral argument. Ar-
gument commenced by Mr. William D. Whitney for the petitioner ;
continued by Mr. Charles M. Thomas for the petitioner; by Mr.
Thorley Von Holst and Mr. J. Bernhard Thiess for the respondents;
and concluded by Mr. William D. Whitney for the petitioner. Leave
granted respondents to file an additional brief by Friday, next.
No. 472. The United States of America, petitioner, v. Edna W.
Ballard and Donald Ballard. Argument commenced by Mr. Solicitor
General Fahy for the petitioner and continued by Mr. Roland Rich
Woolley for the respondents.
Adjourned until Monday, next, at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Monday, March 6, will be as follows: Nos. 472,
366, 463, 130 (131, 132, and 133), 483, 453, 482, 492, 406, and
559.
554209-44—62

SATURDAY, MARCH 4, 1944, 12:30 P. M.
152
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
The Court met in Special Session pursuant to a call of the Chief
Justice having the approval of all the Associate Justices.
Present: The Chief Justice, Mr. Justice Roberts, Mr. Justice Black,
Mr. Justice Reed, Mr. Justice Frankfurter, Mr. Justice Douglas, Mr.
Justice Murphy, Mr. Justice Jackson, and Mr. Justice Rutledge.
No. 760. Louis Buchalter, petitioner, v. The Warden of Sing Sing
Prison. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit
Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit denied. Mr. Justice Murphy
and Mr. Justice Jackson took no part in the consideration or decision
of this application.
Adjourned until Monday, March 6 next, at 12 o'clock.
☑
554209-44--63
%

MONDAY, MARCH 6, 1944
153
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: The Chief Justice, Mr. Justice Roberts, Mr. Justice Black,
Mr. Justice Reed, Mr. Justice Frankfurter, Mr. Justice Douglas, Mr.
Justice Murphy, Mr. Justice Jackson, and Mr. Justice Rutledge.
Roy W. McDonald, of Dallas, Tex.; Logan Ford, of Dallas, Tex.;
Erma R. Hallett, of Niagara Falls, N. Y.; Perry R. Moore, of Min-
neapolis, Minn.; Fred W. Fickett, of Tucson, Ariz.; Herbert L. Swett,
of Portland, Oreg.; Katherine Drew, of San Francisco, Calif.; and
Charles W. Quick, of Cleveland, Ohio, were admitted to practice.
No. 3. A. M. Anderson, Receiver of National Bank of Kentucky, of
Louisville, petitioner, v. Katherine Kirkpatrick Abbott, Administra-
trix, etc., et al. On writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit
Court of Appeals of the Sixth Circuit. Judgment reversed with costs
and cause remanded to the District Court of the United States for the
Western District of Kentucky for proceedings in conformity with the
opinion of this Court. Opinion by Mr. Justice Douglas. Dissenting
opinion by Mr. Justice Jackson in which Mr. Justice Roberts, Mr.
Justice Reed, and Mr. Justice Frankfurter join.
The Chief Justice announced the following orders of the Court:
No. 698. Richard Vaughn, d. b. a. Vaughn's Used Cars, appellant,
v. The Board of Police Commissioners of the City of Los Angeles.
Appeal from the District Court of Appeal, 2nd Appellate District,
State of California. Per curiam: The appeal is dismissed for want
of a substantial federal question. (1) Hall v. Geiger-Jones Co., 242
U. S. 539; 552-4; Lehmann v. Board of Accountancy, 263 U. S. 394,
398; cf. Nash v. United States, 229 U. S. 373, 376–7; (2) Caldwell v.
Texas, 137 U. S. 692, 698; Bergemann v. Backer, 157 U. S. 655, 656; cf.
Dohany v. Rogers, 281 U. S. 362, 369; (3) Cincinnati, N. O. & T. P.
Ry. Co. v. Slade, 216 U. S. 78, 83; Mobile, Jackson & K. C. R. R. Co. v.
Mississippi, 210 U. S. 187, 204.
No. 704. John J. Casale, Inc., appellant, v. The United States of
America and Interstate Commerce Commission. Appeal from the
District Court of the United States for the District of Delaware. Per
curiam: The motion to affirm is granted and the judgment is affirmed.
United States v. Illinois Central R. R. Co., 244 U. S. 82, 89; Federal
554209-44-64

MONDAY, MARCH 6, 1944
154
Power Commission v. Edison Co., 304 U. S. 375, 384-5; Rochester Tele-
phone Corporation v. United States, 307 U. S. 125, 130.
The Chief Justice said:
"The other orders of the Court appear upon the list certified by the
Chief Justice and filed with the Clerk and will not be announced
orally."
No. 119. William Roy Miller, petitioner, v. The United States of
America. On writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court
of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit. Per curiam: On consideration of the
stipulation between counsel for the petitioner and the Solicitor Gen-
eral, the judgment of the Circuit Court of Appeals is reversed and the
cause is remanded to the District Court of the United States for the
Northern District of Texas with directions that petitioner, after rea-
sonable notice, be accorded a hearing on the issues involved before a
judge other than the sentencing judge, and that at such hearing pe-
titioner be allowed to be present and represented by counsel, with op-
portunity to adduce testimony and cross-examine witnesses. It is or-
dered that the mandate issue forthwith.
No.. Ex parte Frank Roberson, petitioner. The motion for leave
to file petition for writ of mandamus is denied.
No. 499. Patricia R. O'Brien, petitioner, v. Edwin J. O'Brien, Jr.,
et al. The motion for leave to withdraw the appearance of Joseph B.
Keenan, as counsel for the petitioner, is granted.
No. 716. The United States of America, appellant, v. Clyde Saylor,
J. Henderson Brook, et al.; and
No. 717. The United States of America, appellant, v. Clarence Poer
et al. In these cases probable jurisdiction is noted and the cases are
consolidated for hearing.
No. 648. The United States of America, petitioner, v. D. B. Hellard.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of Appeals for the
Tenth Circuit granted.
No. 578. Southern Railway Company, petitioner, v. The United
States. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Claims granted
and the case transferred to the summary docket.
No. 628. Frank L. Huddleston et al., etc., petitioners, v. R. H.
Dwyer, T. G. Meister, et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
Circuit Court of Appeals for the Tenth Circuit granted and the case
transferred to the summary docket.
No. 636. James W. Butler, Mary L. Butler, et al., petitioners, v.
Grace Appleton McKey. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit
Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit denied.
1

MONDAY, MARCH 6, 1944
155
No. 637. James Gordon Steadman, petitioner, v. Atlantic Coast
Line Railroad Company. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Cir-
cuit Court of Appeals for the Fourth Circuit denied.
No. 638. The West Laurel Hill Cemetery Company, petitioner, v.
W. J. Rothensies, Collector of Internal Revenue, etc.;
No. 639. The West Laurel Hill Cemetery Company, petitioner, v.
W. J. Rothensies, Collector, etc.; and
No. 640. The West Laurel Hill Cemetery Company, petitioner, v.
W. J. Rothensies, Collector, etc. Petition for writs of certiorari to
the Circuit Court of Appeals for the Third Circuit denied.
No. 641. Aetna Life Insurance Company, petitioner, v. Jeannette
E. Barnett and Leon E. Stropp;
No. 642. Aetna Life Insurance Company, petitioner, v. Savings In-
vestment & Trust Company; and
No. 643. The Equitable Life Assurance Society of the United
States, petitioner, v. Jeannette E. Barnett. Petition for writs of cer-
tiorari to the Circuit Court of Appeals for the Third Circuit denied.
No. 646. Birmingham Corporation, petitioner, v. Commissioner of
Internal Revenue. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court
of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 650. James A. Convey, petitioner, v. The Omaha National
Bank. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of Appeals
for the Eighth Circuit denied.
No. 652. Cleo Syrup Corporation, petitioner, v. The Coca-Cola
Company. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of
Appeals for the Eighth Circuit denied.
No. 655. Radcliff Gravel Company, Inc., et al., petitioners, v.
Joseph W. Henderson, as Deputy Commissioner, United States Em-
ployees' Compensation Commission, etc., et al.; and
No. 656. Radcliff Gravel Company, Inc., et al., petitioners, v.
Joseph W. Henderson, as Deputy Commissioner, United States Em-
ployees' Compensation Commission, etc., et al. Petitions for writs of
certiorari to the Circuit Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 659. De Fremery & Co., petitioner, v. The United States of
America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court
of Customs and Patent Appeals denied.
No. 665. Bernard O. Mattson, petitioner, v. Amusement Corpora-
tion of America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court
of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 668. William F. Esenwein, petitioner, v. Commonwealth, ex
rel. May H. Esenwein. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme
Court of Pennsylvania denied.

MONDAY, MARCH 6, 1944
156
No. 633. Robert North, petitioner, v. The United States of Amer-
ica. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of Appeals
for the Second Circuit denied. Mr. Justice Douglas took no part in
the consideration or decision of this application.`
No. 597. Dewey Wallace McMurtry, petitioner, v. The United
States of America. On petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit
Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit;
No. 647. Broadus B. Booth, petitioner, v. State Farm Mutual Au-
tomobile Insurance Company. On petition for writ of certiorari to
the Circuit Court of Appeals for the Fourth Circuit;
No. 667. Garfield J. Kelly, petitioner, v. Alfred F. Dowd, Warden,
etc. On petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of Appeals
for the Seventh Circuit; and
No. 676. Garfield J. Kelly, petitioner, v. Alfred F. Dowd, Warden,
etc. On petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of Appeals
for the Seventh Circuit. The motions for leave to proceed in forma
pauperis are granted. The petitions for writs of certiorari are denied.
No. 625. William Lynch, petitioner, v. The United States of Amer-
ica. The motion for leave to proceed in forma pauperis is granted.
The petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of Appeals for
the Sixth Circuit is denied for the reason that application therefor
was not made within the time provided by law. Rule XI of the Crim-
inal Appeals Rules, 292 U. S. 665–6.
No. 714. John Ferguson, petitioner, v. Commonwealth of Massa-
chusetts. The motion for leave to proceed in forma pauperis is
granted. The petition for writ of certiorari to the Superior Court of
Massachusetts is denied for the reason that application therefor was
not made within the time provided by law. Section 8 (a), Act of
February 13, 1925 (43 Stat. 936, 940), 28 U. S. C., section 350.
No. 5, original. State of Colorado, complainant, v. State of Kansas
et al.;
No. 475. Georgia M. Spruill, petitioner, v. William T. Ballard
et al.;
No. 517. Pen-Ken Gas & Oil Corporation, petitioner, v. Warfield
Natural Gas Company;
No. 572. Simon L. Levy and Charles B. Levy, petitioners, v. The
United States of America; and
No. 584. William Bernard Wernecke, petitioner, v. The United
States of America. Petitions for rehearing denied.
No. 462. Richard A. Knight, petitioner, v. The Bar Association of
the City of New York. The petition for rehearing is denied and the
petition is ordered stricken from the files as scandalous.

MONDAY, MARCH 6, 1944
157
The Court will take a recess from Monday, March 13, until Monday,
March 27, next.
No. 91. Bain Peanut Company of Texas, petitioner, v. Commis-
sioner of Internal Revenue. On writ of certiorari to the United
States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit. Dismissed on
motion of counsel for the petitioner.
No. 472. The United States of America, petitioner, v. Edna W.
Ballard and Donald Ballard. Argument continued by Mr. Roland
Rich Woolley and by Mr. Joseph F. Rank for the respondents and
concluded by Mr. Solicitor General Fahy for the petitioner.
No. 366. The United States of America, petitioner, v. Jasper White.
Argued by Mr. Assistant Attorney General Tom C. Clark for the peti-
tioner and by Mr. Robert J. Fitzsimmons for the respondent.
No. 463. Lee Arenas, petitioner, v. The United States of America,
Argument commenced by Mr. John W. Preston for the petitioner and
continued by Mr. Oliver O. Clark for the petitioner.
Adjourned until tomorrow at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Tuesday, March 7, will be as follows: Nos. 463, 130
(131, 132, and 133), 483, 453, 482, 492, 406, 559, 565, and 436.

TUESDAY, MARCH 7, 1944
158
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: The Chief Justice, Mr. Justice Roberts, Mr. Justice Black,
Mr. Justice Reed, Mr. Justice Frankfurter, Mr. Justice Douglas, Mr.
Justice Murphy, Mr. Justice Jackson, and Mr. Justice Rutledge.
Robert C. M. Winter, of Detroit, Mich.; Edward T. Kelley, of De-
troit, Mich.; John A. Shorten, of New York City; Louis M. Brown, of
Los Angeles, Calif.; Harry Albert Thornton, of San Francisco, Calif.;
and Clarence Joseph Coleman, of Everett, Wash., were admitted to
practice.
No. 11, original. State of Illinois, complainant, v. State of Indiana
et al. It is ordered that Luther Ely Smith, Esquire, of Saint Louis,
Missouri, be, and he is hereby, appointed Special Master in this cause,
with authority to summon witnesses, issue subpoenas, and to take such
evidence as may be introduced and such as he may deem it necessary
to call for. The Master is directed to make findings of fact and con-
clusions of law, and to submit the same to this Court with all con-
venient speed, together with his recommendations for a decree. The
findings, conclusions, and recommendations of the Master shall be sub-
ject to consideration, revision, or approval by the Court. The Master
shall be allowed his actual expenses and a reasonable compensation
for his services to be fixed hereafter by the Court. The allowances to
him, the compensation paid to his stenographic and clerical assistants,
and the cost of printing his report shall be charged against and be
borne by the parties in such proportion as the Court hereafter may di-
rect. If the appointment herein made of a Master is not accepted,
or if the place becomes vacant during the recess of the Court, the Chief
Justice shall have authority to make a new designation which shall
have the same effect as if originally made by the Court herein.
No. 130. Bessie P. Douglas, petitioner, v. Commissioner of Internal
Revenue;
No. 131. Bessie P. Douglas, petitioner, v. Commissioner of Internal
Revenue;
No. 132. Estate of Charles H. Robinson et al., petitioners, v. Com-
missioner of Internal Revenue; and
No. 133. Bernice B. Dalrymple, petitioner, v. Commissioner of
Internal Revenue. Motion of F. G. Davidson, Jr., Theodore L. Har-
554209-44- -65

TUESDAY, MARCH 7, 1944
159
rison, J. Donald Rawlings, and W. A. Sutherland for leave to file brief
as amici curiae presented.
No. 463. Lee Arenas, petitioner, v. The United States of America.
Argument continued by Mr. Norman MacDonald for the respondent
and concluded by Mr. Oliver O. Clark for the petitioner.
No. 130. Bessie P. Douglas, petitioner, v. Commissioner of Internal
Revenue;
No. 131. Bessie P. Douglas, petitioner, v. Commissioner of Internal
Revenue;
No. 132. Estate of Charles H. Robinson et al., petitioners, v. Com-
missioner of Internal Revenue; and
No. 133. Bernice B. Dalrymple, petitioner, v. Commissioner of
Internal Revenue. Argued by Mr. Kimball B. DeVoy for the peti-
tioners and by Miss Helen R. Carloss for the respondent.
No. 483. Clifford F. MacEvoy Company et al., petitioners, v. The
United States of America, for the use and benefit of the Calvin Tom-
kins Company. Argued by Mr. Edward F. Clark for the petitioner
and by Mr. Benjamin P. DeWitt for the respondent.
Adjourned until tomorrow at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Wednesday, March 8, will be as follows: Nos. 453,
482, 492, 406, 559, 565, and 436.
☑

WEDNESDAY, MARCH 8, 1944
160
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: The Chief Justice, Mr. Justice Roberts, Mr. Justice Black,
Mr. Justice Reed, Mr. Justice Frankfurter, Mr. Justice Douglas, Mr.
Justice Murphy, Mr. Justice Jackson, and Mr. Justice Rutledge.
Hugh D. Scott, Jr., of Philadelphia, Pa.; Horace M. Barba, of
Philadelphia, Pa.; and Kurt Borchardt, of Washington, D. C., were
admitted to practice.
No. 453. The United States of America et al., appellants, v. Wabash
Railroad Company et al. Argued by Mr. Allen Crenshaw for the
appellants; by Mr. Elmer A. Smith for the appellees, Wabash Rail-
road Company et al.; and by Mr. John S. Burchmore for appellee,
A. E. Staley Manufacturing Company.
No. 482. Chicago, Saint Paul, Minneapolis & Omaha Railway Com-
pany et al., appellants, v. The United States of America et al. Argued
by Mr. Amos M. Mathews for the appellants; by Mr. Nelson Thomas
for the appellees, the United States and Interstate Commerce Com-
mission; by Mr. Perry R. Moore for the appellee, Cornelius W. Styer;
and by Mr. Fred W. Putnam for the appellee, Glendenning Motorways,
Inc.
No. 492. The Equitable Life Assurance Society of the United
States, petitioner, v. Commissioner of Internal Revenue. Argument
commenced by Mr. John L. Grant for the petitioner and continued
by Mr. Chester T. Lane for the respondent.
Adjourned until tomorrow at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Thursday, March 9, will be as follows: Nos. 492,
406, 559, 565, and 436.
Х
554209-44--66

THURSDAY, MARCH 9, 1944
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
161
Present: The Chief Justice, Mr. Justice Roberts, Mr. Justice Black,
Mr. Justice Reed, Mr. Justice Frankfurter, Mr. Justice Douglas, Mr.
Justice Murphy, Mr. Justice Jackson, and Mr. Justice Rutledge.
Frances Green Ratcliff, of Washington, D. C.; Roger Ratcliff, of
Washington, D. C.; and Joseph F. Padlow, of New York City, were
admitted to practice.
No. 492. The Equitable Life Assurance Society of the United
States, petitioner, v. Commissioner of Internal Revenue. Argument
continued by Mr. Chester T. Lane for the respondent and concluded
by Mr. John T. Grant for the petitioner.
No. 406. Anthony Cramer, petitioner, v. The United States of
America. Three hours allowed for oral argument. Argued by Mr.
Harold R. Medina for the petitioner and by Mr. Solicitor General
Fahy for the respondent.
No. 559. Hans Pete Mortensen and Lorraine Mortensen, petitioners,
v. The United States of America. Argument commenced by Mr. Eu-
gene D. O'Sullivan for the petitioners.
Adjourned until tomorrow at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Friday, March 10, will be as follows: Nos. 559,
565, and 436.
554209-44-67

FRIDAY, MARCH 10, 1944
162
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: The Chief Justice, Mr. Justice Roberts, Mr. Justice Black,
Mr. Justice Reed, Mr. Justice Frankfurter, Mr. Justice Douglas, Mr.
Justice Murphy, Mr. Justice Jackson, and Mr. Justice Rutledge.
Whiteford S. Blakeney, of Charlotte, N. C., and William Gordon
Belser, Jr., of Columbia, S. C., were admitted to practice.
No. 559. Hans Pete Mortensen and Lorraine Mortensen, petition-
ers, v. The United States of America. Argument continued by Mr.
Eugene D. O'Sullivan for the petitioners and concluded by Mr. Rob-
ert L. Stern for the respondent.
No. 565. Wisconsin Gas and Electric Company, petitioner, v. The
United States of America. Argued by Mr. Van B. Wake for the
petitioner and by Mr. Assistant Attorney General Samuel O. Clark
for the respondent.
No. 436. L. Metcalfe Walling, Administrator, etc., petitioner, v.
James V. Reuter, Inc. Argued by Mr. Douglas B. Maggs for the
petitioner and by Mr. Frank S. Normann for the respondent, James
V. Reuter Co., Inc., prior to dissolution.
Adjourned until Monday, March 13 next, at 12 o'clock.
✓
N
7
554209-44- -68

MONDAY, MARCH 13, 1944
163
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: The Chief Justice, Mr. Justice Roberts, Mr. Justice Black,
Mr. Justice Reed, Mr. Justice Frankfurter, Mr. Justice Douglas, Mr.
Justice Murphy, Mr. Justice Jackson, and Mr. Justice Rutledge.
George S. Steele, of Rockingham, N. C.; Gath P. Freeman, of Rich-
mond, Ind.; Edwin Robert Eckersall, of Chicago, Ill.; Paul Berman,
of Baltimore, Md.; William Allen Quinlan, of Washington, D. C.;
Jerome N. Wanshel, of Brooklyn, N. Y.; Jack E. Hursh, of San
Francisco, Calif.; and Spurgeon Avakian, of Fresno, Calif., were
admitted to practice.
No. 447. Walter B. Johnson, T. R. Husted, B. A. West, et al., peti-
tioners, v. Yellow Cab Transit Company. On writ of certiorari to
the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Tenth Circuit.
Judgment affirmed with costs and cause remanded to the District
Court of the United States for the Western District of Oklahoma.
Opinion by Mr. Justice Black. Dissenting opinion by Mr. Justice
Frankfurter in which Mr. Justice Roberts joins.
The Chief Justice announced the following orders of the Court:
No. 388. City of Coral Gables, Florida, petitioner, v. Ed. C. Wright,
doing business as Ed. C. Wright & Company, Successor to Ed. C.
Wright & Company, Inc., et al. On writ of certiorari to the United
States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit. Per curiam:
The judgment is affirmed by an equally divided Court. Mr. Justice
Douglas took no part in the consideration or decision of this case.
No. 710. Kohlmeyer, Newberger & Company, Woodfin & Company,
etc., appellants, v. W. A. Cooper, Collector of Revenue. Appeal
from the Supreme Court of Louisiana. Per Curiam: The ap-
peal is dismissed for want of a substantial federal question. Ware
& Leland v. State of Alabama, 209 U. S. 405%; Moore v. New York
Cotton Exchange, 270 U. S. 593, 604; cf. Minnesota v. Blasius, 290
U. S. 1,8; Parker v. Brown, 317 U. S. 341, 360–63.
554209-44- -69

MONDAY, MARCH 13, 1944
The Chief Justice said:
164
"The other orders of the Court appear upon the list certified by the
Chief Justice and filed with the Clerk and will not be announced
orally."
No. People of the State of Illinois ex rel. Bennie Truitt, peti-
tioner, v. Walter Neirstheimer, Warden. Application denied.
No.. Daisy D. Wilson, petitioner, v. Ralph D. Hinman et al.
The motion for leave to file petition for writ of mandamus is denied.
No. Ex parte Stephen Mitchell, petitioner; and
No.. Ex parte Erhardt Elowson, petitioner. The motions for
leave to file petitions for writs of habeas corpus are denied.
No. 130. Bessie P. Douglas, petitioner, v. Commissioner of Inter-
nal Revenue;
No. 131. Bessie P. Douglas, petitioner, v. Commissioner of Inter-
nal Revenue;
No. 132. Estate of Charles H. Robinson et al., petitioners, v. Com-
missioner of Internal Revenue; and
No. 133. Bernice B. Dalrymple, petitioner, v. Commissioner of
Internal Revenue. Motion for leave to file brief of F. G. Davidson,
Jr., Theodore L. Harrison, J. Donald Rawlings, and W. A. Suther-
land, as amici curiae, granted.
No. 669. The Fraternal Order of Police, a corporation not for
profit, etc., et al., petitioners, v. D. D. Harris, Elmer Hammond, et al.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Michigan
denied.
No. 670. Addison Miller et al., partners, etc., et al., petitioners, v.
L. Metcalfe Walling, Administrator, etc. Petition for writ of
certiorari to the Circuit Court of Appeals for the Eighth Circuit
denied.
No. 675. John T. Dempsey, as Administrator, etc., petitioner v.
Guaranty Trust Company of New York. Petition for writ of
certiorari to the Circuit Court of Appeals for the Seventh Circuit
denied.
No. 686. Miles National Farm Loan Association, petitioner, v. The
Federal Land Bank of Houston. Petition for writ of certiorari to
the Circuit Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 689. Taylor Instrument Companies, petitioner, v. Fawley-
Brost Company. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court
of Appeals for the Seventh Circuit denied.
No. 693. L. Metcalfe Walling, Administrator, etc., petitioner, v.
L. Wiemann Company. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit
Court of Appeals for the Seventh Circuit denied.

MONDAY, MARCH. 13, 1944
165
No. 657. Western Cartridge Company, Winchester Repeating Arms
Company Division, petitioner, v. National Labor Relations Board.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of Appeals for
the Second Circuit denied.
No. 660. Vancouver Book & Stationery Co., Inc., petitioner, v.
L. C. Smith & Corona Typewriters, Inc., J. K. Gill Co. et al. Peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of Appeals for the
Ninth Circuit denied.
No. 683. Charles Hughes & Company, Inc., petitioner, v. Securi-
ties and Exchange Commission. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
Circuit Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit denied. Mr. Justice
Douglas took no part in the consideration or decision of this appli-
cation.
No. 588. Adolph T. Spalek and William J. Zrenchik, petitioners,
v. The United States of America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
Circuit Court of Appeal for the Sixth Circuit denied. Mr. Justice
Murphy took no part in the consideration or decision of this appli-
cation.
No. 606. Claud Nivens, petitioner, v. The United States. On peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of Appeals for the
Fifth Circuit;
No. 703. Raymond W. Nichols, petitioner, v. The United States
Circuit Court of Appeals for the Seventh Circuit. On petition for
writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of Appeals for the Seventh
Circuit; and
No. 739. Roy S. Ransin, petitioner, v. Walter Nierstheimer, War-
den, etc. On petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of
Illinois. The motions for leave to proceed in forma pauperis are
granted. The petitions for writs of certiorari are denied.
No. 713. Cameron Moore, petitioner, v. The People of the State of
Michigan. The motion for leave to proceed in forma pauperis is
granted. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of
Michigan denied for the reason that it does not appear from the record
that application therefor was made within the time provided by law.
Section 8 (a), Act of February 13, 1925 (43 Stat. 936, 940), 28 U. S. C.,
section 350.
No.. Ex parte Selvie W. Wells, petitioner;
No. 1. R. Simpson & Co., Inc., petitioner, v. Commissioner of In-
ternal Revenue;
No. 57. Joseph E. Snowden, petitioner, v. Edward J. Hughes,
Louie E. Lewis, et al., etc.;
No. 457. Eddie J. Viator, J. A. Viator, et al., appellants, v. R. C.
Edwins, Sheriff, etc., et al.;

MONDAY, MARCH 13, 1944
166
No. 509. E. Z. Lang, petitioner, v. E. B. Swope, Warden, etc.; and
No. 619. Helen Calhoun Cash, appellant, v. The Metropolitan
Trust Company et al. Petitions for rehearing denied.
No. 607. Harmon Metz Waley, petitioner, v. James A. Johnston,
Warden, etc. Time within which to file petition for rehearing ex-
tended to and including April 3 next.
Adjourned until Monday, March 27, next, at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Monday, March 27, will be as follows: Nos. 521,
514 (and 515), 381, 589, 592, 613, 649, 578, and 531.
☑

$
MONDAY, MARCH 27, 1944
167
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: Mr. Justice Roberts, Mr. Justice Reed, Mr. Justice Frank-
furter, Mr. Justice Douglas, Mr. Justice Murphy, Mr. Justice Jack-
son, and Mr. Justice Rutledge.
Harold A. Boire, of De Land, Fla.; Charles S. Murphy, of Dur-
ham, N. C.; Harry E. Olsen, of Wayzata, Minn.; George H. Hunker,
Jr., of Santa Fe, N. Mex.; Marvin J. Sonosky, of Duluth, Minn.; Jesse
G. Benson, of Oakland, Calif.; Ralph R. Gilby, of Spokane, Wash.;
Harry D. Fenske, of Dearborn, Mich.; Morris Hadley, of New York
City; Willis Pirtle Watts, of Austin, Tex.; Karl M. Gibbon, of Harlin-
gen, Tex.; Calvin L. Rampton, of Salt Lake City, Utah; Gordon F.
Hook, of Chicago, Ill.; Sidney Kocin, of New York City; Nathan
L. Reibman, of Easton, Pa.; Howell Purdue, of Los Angeles, Calif.;
and J. Frank O'Brien, of Washington, D. C., were admitted to practice.
No. 232. J. M. Sartor et al., petitioners, v. Arkansas Natural Gas
Corporation. On writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit
Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit. Judgment reversed with
costs and cause remanded to the District Court of the United States
for the Western District of Louisiana for further proceedings in
conformity with the opinion of this Court. Opinion by Mr. Justice
Jackson. Dissenting opinion by Mr. Chief Justice Stone in which
Mr. Justice Reed joins.
No. 267. The United States of America, petitioner, v. Seattle-First
National Bank, a national banking association. On writ of cer-
tiorari to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Ninth
Circuit. Judgment affirmed and cause remanded to the District
Court of the United States for the Eastern District of Washington.
Opinion by Mr. Justice Murphy.
No. 409. Tennessee Coal, Iron & Railroad Company, Sloss-Sheffield
Steel & Iron Company and Republic Steel Corporation, petitioners,
v. Muscoda Local No. 123, etc., et al. On writ of certiorari to the
United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit. Judg-
ment affirmed with costs and cause remanded to the District Court
of the United States for the Northern District of Alabama. Opinion
by Mr. Justice Murphy. Concurring opinion by Mr. Justice Jack-
son. Concurring opinion by Mr. Justice Frankfurter. Dissenting
opinion by Mr. Justice Roberts in which the Chief Justice joins.
554209-44-70

MONDAY, MARCH 27, 1944
168
No. 464. Chester Bowles, as Administrator of the Office of Price
Administration, appellant, v. Mrs. Kate C. Willingham and J. R.
Hicks, Jr. Appeal from the District Court of the United States for
the Middle District of Georgia. Judgment reversed and cause
remanded to the said District Court for further proceedings in con-
formity with the opinion of this Court. Opinion by Mr. Justice
Douglas. Concurring opinion by Mr. Justice Rutledge. Dissenting
opinion by Mr. Justice Roberts.
No. 215. Arthur Goodwyn Billings, petitioner, v. Karl Truesdell,
Major General, United States Army. On writ of certiorari to the
United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Tenth Circuit. Judg-
ment reversed and cause remanded to the District Court of the United
States for the District of Kansas for further proceedings in conformity -
with the opinion of this Court. Opinion by Mr. Justice Douglas.
Dissenting: Mr. Justice Roberts. Separate opinion by Mr. Justice
Frankfurter.
No. 492. The Equitable Life Assurance Society of The United
States, petitioner, v. Commissioner of Internal Revenue. On writ of
certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Second
Circuit. Judgment affirmed and cause remanded to the said Circuit
Court of Appeals. Opinion by Mr. Justice Douglas.
No. 362. Augustus P. Norton, Deputy Commissioner for the Third
Compensation District, petitioner, v. Warner Company. On writ of
certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Third
Circuit. Judgment affirmed and cause remanded to the District Court
of the United States for the Eastern District of Pennsylvania. Opin-
ion by Mr. Justice Douglas. Mr. Justice Roberts concurs in the result.
No. 486. Lester Follett, appellant, v. Town of McCormick, South
Carolina. Appeal from the Supreme Court of South Carolina. Judg-
ment reversed with costs and cause remanded to the said Supreme Court
for further proceedings not inconsistent with the opinion of this Court.
Opinion by Mr. Justice Douglas. Concurring opinion by Mr. Justice
Murphy. Concurring opinion by Mr. Justice Reed. Separate opinion
by Mr. Justice Roberts, Mr. Justice Frankfurter, and Mr. Justice
Jackson.
No. 396. Fred M. Vinson, Director of Economic Stabilization, etc.,
et al., petitioners, v. Washington Gas Light Company et al. On writ
of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the District of
Columbia. Judgment affirmed and cause remanded to the District
Court of the United States for the District of Columbia. Opinion
by Mr. Justice Roberts. Dissenting opinion by Mr. Justice Douglas
in which Mr. Justice Black and Mr. Justice Murphy concur.

MONDAY, MARCH 27, 1944
169
No. 453. The United States of America and Interstate Commerce
Commission, appellants, v. Wabash Railroad Company, Illinois Cen-
tral Railroad Company, and Illinois Terminal Railroad Company.
Appeal from the District Court of the United States for the Southern
District of Illinois. Judgment reversed and cause remanded to the
said District Court for further proceedings in conformity with the
opinion of this Court. Opinion by Mr. Chief Justice Stone announced
by Mr. Justice Roberts.
No. 374. Albert Yakus, petitioner, v. The United States of America;
and
No. 375. Benjamin Rottenberg and B. Rottenberg, Inc., petitioners,
v. The United States of America. On writs of certiorari to the United
States Circuit Court of Appeals for the First Circuit. Judgments
affirmed. Opinion by Mr. Chief Justice Stone announced by Mr.
Justice Roberts. Dissenting opinion by Mr. Justice Rutledge in which
Mr. Justice Murphy joins. Dissenting opinion by Mr. Justice Roberts.
Mr. Justice Roberts said:
"The orders of the Court appear upon the list certified by the Chief
Justice and filed with the Clerk and will not be announced orally."
No.. Ex parte Jesse T. Sylence, petitioner; and
No.
- Ex parte Dennis W. Rosier, petitioner. Applications
denied.
No.Ex parte James Goode, petitioner;
No. Ex parte Richard O'Neill, petitioner;
-
No. Ex parte Louis Berman, petitioner;
-
No. Charles Franklin Johnson, petitioner, v. W. Nierstheimer,
Warden; and
No. -. United States ex rel. Nathaniel Hill, petitioner, v. Joseph
E. Ragen, Warden. The motions for leave to file petitions for writs
of habeas corpus denied.
No. 935. October Term, 1942. H. W. Kelley et al., petitioners, v.
Everglades Drainage District. The motion to correct or amend the
mandate is denied without prejudice to any other appropriate remedy.
No. 569. R. J. Thomas, appellant, v. H. W. Collins, Sheriff of Travis
County, Texas. Further consideration of the question of the juris-
diction of this Court in this case is postponed to the hearing of the
case on the merits.
No. 701. Claridge Apartments Company, petitioner, v. Commis-
sioner of Internal Revenue; and
No. 702. Claridge Apartments Company, petitioner, v. Commis-
sioner of Internal Revenue. Petitions for writs of certiorari to the
Circuit Court of Appeals for the Seventh Circuit granted.
R
物
Ty
114

MONDAY, MARCH 27, 1944
170
No. 681. Victor J. Herb, petitioner, v. Norman B. Pitcairn and
Frank C. Nicodemus, Jr., Receivers for Wabash Railway Company;
and
No. 682. Benjamin F. Belcher, petitioner, v. Louisville and Nash-
ville Railroad Company. Petitions for writs of certiorari to the
Supreme Court of Illinois granted and the cases consolidated for
argument.
No. 699. L. Metcalfe Walling, Administrator etc., petitioner, v. Hel-
merich & Payne, Inc. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Cir-
cuit Court of Appeals for the Tenth Circuit granted limited to the
first question presented by the petition and the case transferred to the
summary docket. Counsel are requested to discuss in their briefs
and on oral argument the question whether the case is moot.
No. 679. Fred Toyosaburo Korematsu, petitioner, v. The United
States of America. The motion for leave to proceed in forma pauperis
is granted. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of
Appeals for the Ninth Circuit granted. The Court directs that the
expense of printing the record be paid by the United States pursuant
to 28 U. S. C. sec. 832.
No. 310. Wells Fargo Bank & Union Trust Co., substituted as Ex-
ecutor of the last will of Mary E. Morris, deceased, et al., petitioners,
v. Imperial Irrigation District et al. Petition for writ of certiorari
to the Circuit Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit denied.
No. 525. Gilbert Lorenz Godbersen, petitioner, v. The United
States of America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit
Court of Appeals for the Eighth Circuit denied.
No. 661. Edith F. Perley, petitioner, v. Frank W. Roberts et al.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of Appeals for
the First Circuit denied.
. No. 685. L. Metcalfe Walling, Administrator, etc., petitioner, v.
Max Harry Block, an individual etc. Petition for writ of certiorari
to the Circuit Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit denied.
No. 690. Max Kaplan and Jacob Kaplan, copartners, etc., peti-
tioners, v. National Labor Relations Board. Petition for writ of
certiorari to the Circuit Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit
denied.
No. 691. The Pennsylvania Company for Insurances on Lives and
Granting Annuities, Trustee, etc., petitioner, v. The United States
of America; and
No. 692. The Pennsylvania Company for Insurance on Lives and
Granting Annuities, Trustee, etc., petitioner v. The Uuited States
of America. Petition for writs of certiorari to the Circuit Court of
Appeals for the Third Circuit denied.

MONDAY, MARCH 27, 1944
171
No. 696. William A. Doss, petitioner, v. People of the State of Illi-
nois. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Illinois
denied.
No. 697. Claude A. Roth, Trustee, Chicago and North Western
Railway Company, petitioner, v. Lillian Carlson, as Administrator,
etc. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of Appeals
for the Seventh Circuit denied.
No. 700. Norman G. Baker, petitioner, v., Walter A. Hunter, War-
den, etc. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of Ap-
peals for the Tenth Circuit denied.
No. 705. Piedmont Fire Insurance Company, petitioner, v. Harry
J. Aaron, Mrs. D. E. Roles, et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to
the Circuit Court of Appeals for the Fourth Circuit denied.
No. 707. John W. Gaines, Guardian, etc., petitioner, v. Sun Life
Assurance Company of Canada. Petition for writ of certiorari to
the Supreme Court of Michigan denied.
No. 718. National Surety Corporation, petitioner, v. Provident
Trust Company. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court
of Appeals for the Third Circuit denied.
No. 720. James O. Hartman, petitioner, v. Willie Ross. Petition
for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the
District of Columbia denied.
No. 738. Albert W. Iselin and Louise G. Iselin, petitioners, v. Ar-
naud Lacoste. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of
Appeals for the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 624. Cape Ann Granite Company, Inc., petitioner, v. The
United States.
denied.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Claims
No. 671. Joseph Irving McMullen, petitioner, v. The United States.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Claims denied.
No. 708. Willard Irwin Singer and Martin H. Singer, petitioners,
v. The United States of America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
Circuit Court of Appeals for the Third Circuit denied.
No. 712. Patrick Henry Kelley, petitioner, v. American Sugar Re-
fining Company. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of
Appeals for the First Circuit denied.
No. 715. The Dixie Margarine Company, petitioner, v. A. H.
Shaefer, Formerly Deputy Collector of Internal Revenue for the Dis-
trict of Tennessee. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court
of Appeals for the Sixth Circuit denied.
No. 719. Eugene Russell Jaffe, alias E. J. Russell, an individual,
etc., petitioner, v. Federal Trade Commission. Petition for writ of

MONDAY, MARCH 27, 1944
172
certiorari to the Circuit Court of Appeals for the Seventh Circuit
denied.
No. 724. Clyde H. Walker, petitioner, v. P. J. Squier, Warden, etc.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of Appeals for the
Ninth Circuit denied.
No. 725. Northwestern Oil Company, petitioner, v. Socony-Vacuum
Oil Company, Inc., et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit
Court of Appeals for the Seventh Circuit denied.
No. 727. Arthur G. Vescelius, Trustee, etc., petitioner, v. Abraham
A. Wedeen, Assignee, etc. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Cir-
cuit Court of Appeals for the Third Circuit denied.
No. 729. Joseph B. Decker, petitioner, v. The United States of
America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of Ap-
peals for the Fourth Circuit denied.
No. 752. George Arky, formerly doing business as Lawrence Elec-
tric Construction Co., Bankrupt, petitioner, v. Louis P. Rosenberg,
Trustee. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of Appeals
for the Second Circuit denied.
No. 723. City of Los Angeles and Department of Water and Power
of the City of Los Angeles, petitioners, v. Natural Soda Products Com-
pany. The motion for leave to proceed on the typewritten record is
granted. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Cali-
fornia denied.
No. 632. State of Missouri, upon the information of Roy McKit-
trick, Attorney General of the State of Missouri, etc., petitioner v.
Missouri Public Service Corporation. Petition for writ of certiorari
to the Supreme Court of Missouri denied. Mr. Justice Roberts took
no part in the consideration or decision of this application.
No. 709. In the matter of Sam Catanzaro, Jr., petitioner. Petition
for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of Appeals for the Third
Circuit denied. Mr. Justice Rutledge is of the opinion that the peti-
tion should be granted.
No. 695. George Sylvester Viereck, petitioner, v. The United States
of America. On petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia;
No. 706. Walter H. McGee, petitioner, v. Paul E. Kaiser, Warden,
etc. On petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of
Missouri;
No. 761. Elmer Whited, petitioner, v. Warden, Illinois State Peni-
tentiary, Menard Branch. On petition for writ of certiorari to the
Supreme Court of Illinois;

MONDAY, MARCH 27, 1944
173
No. 561. William Mitchell, petitioner, v. The United States of
America. On petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of
Appeals for the Second Circuit; and
No. 617. Henry E. Terrell, petitioner, v. Dr. M. J. Pescor, Warden,
etc. On petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of Ap-
peals for the Eighth Circuit. The motions for leave to proceed in
forma pauperis are granted. The petitions for writs of certiorari
are denied.
No. 782. Vincent J. Cullotta, petitioner, v. Joseph E. Ragen, War-
den, etc. The motion for leave to proceed in forma pauperis is granted.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Illinois denied
for the reason that application therefor was not made within the
time provided by law. Section 8 (a), Act of February 13, 1925 (43
Stat. 936, 940), 28 U. S. C., section 350.
No. 98. Sarah Prince, appellant, v. Commonwealth of Massachu-
setts; and
No. 605. Evelyn Flynn, petitioner, v. Chester Bowles, Price Ad-
ministrator. Petitions for rehearing denied.
No. 252. J. Howell Flournoy, Sheriff and ex-officio Tax Collector,
appellant, v. Samuel G. Wiener, William B. Wiener, and Jacques L.
Wiener. It is ordered that the opinion in this case be amended by
adding, at the end of the opinion, the following paragraph:
"Appellant having assigned as error the decision of the Louisiana
Supreme Court holding the Federal Act invalid, the case is properly
an appeal, and appellant could have included in his assignments of
error any other denial of federal right whether or not capable in
itself of being brought here by appeal. Prudential Insurance Co. v.
Cheek, 259 U. S. 530, 547. Or he could have filed a petition for writ
of certiorari in addition to his appeal. Columbus & Greenville Ry.
Co. v. Miller, 283 U. S. 93, 98. But since he failed to raise or brief
in this Court any question as to the validity of the Louisiana statute
under the Fourteenth Amendment, we have no jurisdiction of the
case either on certiorari or on appeal, and there is no occasion for the
application of Judicial Code, sec. 237 (c), 28 U. S. C. sec. 344 (c).
See Robertson and Kirkham, Jurisdiction of the Supreme Court of the
United States, page 40, and cases cited."
The petition for rehearing is denied.
The Court will take a recess from Monday, April 3, until Monday,
April 10, and from that day until Monday, April 24, next.

MONDAY, MARCH 27, 1944
174
No. 521. Franks Bros. Company, petitioner, v. National Labor Re-
lations Board. Argued by Mr. Benjamin E. Gordon for the peti-
tioner and by Mr. Alvin J. Rockwell for the respondent.
No. 514. The United States of America, petitioner, v. James P.
Mitchell; and
No. 515. The United States of America, petitioner, v. James P.
Mitchell. Argued by Mr. Solicitor General Fahy for the petitioner
and by Mr. James J. Laughlin for the respondent.
No. 381. The United States of America, petitioner, v. American
Surety Company. Argument commenced by Mr. Robert L. Stern for
the petitioner and continued by Mr. Homer Cummings for the re-
spondent.
Adjourned until tomorrow at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Tuesday, March 28, will be as follows: 381, 589,
592, 578, and 649.
☑

TUESDAY, MARCH 28, 1944
175
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: Mr. Justice Roberts, Mr. Justice Black, Mr. Justice Reed,
Mr. Justice Frankfurter, Mr. Justice Douglas, Mr. Justice Murphy,
Mr. Justice Jackson, and Mr. Justice Rutledge.
Robt. H. Polk, of Franklin, Tenn.; Hugh McD. Ritchey, of Cin-
cinnati, Ohio; Leslie M. Rapp, of Arlington, Va.; Chauncey B. Gar-
ver, of New York City; Andrew G. Ponder, of Walnut Ridge, Ark.;
Louis B. Arnold, of Washington, D. C.; Frank R. Bruce, of New York
City; Robert Benton Burns, of Los Angeles, Calif.; Ivan Robinette,
of Phoenix, Ariz.; Arthur S. Lorch, of Philadelphia, Pa.; E. Nobles
Lowe, of New York City; Milton M. Burke, of Washington, D. C.;
Arnold H. Hirsch, of Philadelphia, Pa.; Philip White, of Cheyenne,
Wyo.; Bruce M. Docherty, of Providence, R. I.; George Gardner
Beckett, of Boston, Mass.; Howard A. Twitty, of Phoenix, Ariz.;
William J. Cerny, of Chicago, Ill.; James M. Stewart, of Des Moines,
Iowa; Bernard A. Stol, of Chicago, Ill.; and Rudolph Halley, of New
York City, were admitted to practice.
No. 381. The United States of America, petitioner, v. American
Surety Company. Argument concluded by Mr. Homer Cummings for
the respondent.
No. 589. The United States of America et al., appellants, v. Mar-
shall Transport Company et al. Argued by Mr. Daniel H. Kunkel
for appellants, The United States and Interstate Commerce Com-
mission; by Mr. Charles E. Cotterill for appellants, Coastal Tank
Lines, Inc., et al.; and by Mr. Robert C. Winter for the appellees.
No. 592. Allen Calculators, Inc., appellant, v. The National Cash
Register Company and The United States of America. Argued by
Mr. Murray Seasongood for the appellant and by Mr. Hugh McD.
Ritchey for the appellee, National Cash Register Co.; and case sub-
mitted by Mr. Solicitor General Fahy, Mr. Assistant Attorney General
Berge, Mr. Charles H. Weston, Mr. Elliott H. Moyer, and Mr. Robert
L. Stern for appellee, The United States.
No. 578. Southern Railway Company, petitioner, v. The United
States. Argument commenced by Mr. Sidney S. Alderman for the
petitioner.
Adjourned until tomorrow at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Wednesday, March 29, will be as follows: Nos.
578 and 649.
☑
554209-44—71

WEDNESDAY, MARCH 29, 1944
176
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: Mr. Justice Roberts, Mr. Justice Black, Mr. Justice Reed,
Mr. Justice Frankfurter, Mr. Justice Douglas, Mr. Justice Murphy,
Mr. Justice Jackson, and Mr. Justice Rutledge.
John W. R. Zisgen, of New York City; Allen Conley Mathias, of
Jersey City, N. J.; Clarence L. Yancey, of Shreveport, La.; James R.
McKnight, of Chicago, Ill.; George C. Heath, of Waterloo, Iowa;
Harry M. Reed, of Waterloo, Iowa; Albert Brick, of Washington,
D. C.; Henry Klepak, of Dallas, Tex.; George A. Lazar, Jr., of San
Diego, Calif.; W. Palmer Van Arsdale, of Louisville, Ky.; Mortimer
L. Clopton, of Los Angeles, Calif.; Harry M. Brostoff, of Chicago, Ill.;
and Roger S. Foster, of New Haven, Conn., were admitted to prac-
tice.
No. 578. Southern Railway Company, petitioner, v. The United
States. Argument continued by Mr. Sidney S. Alderman for the
petitioner and concluded by Mr. Assistant Attorney General Shea for
the respondent.
No. 649. Barge "Anaconda" and Smith-Rowland Company, Inc.,
petitioners, v. American Sugar Refining Company. Argued by Mr.
Cody Fowler for the petitioners and by Mr. Henry N. Longley for the
respondent.
Adjourned until Monday, April 3 next, at 12 o'clock.
☑
554209-44-72

MONDAY, APRIL 3, 1944
177
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: The Chief Justice, Mr. Justice Roberts, Mr. Justice Black,
Mr. Justice Reed, Mr. Justice Frankfurter, Mr. Justice Douglas, Mr.
Justice Murphy, Mr. Justice Jackson, and Mr. Justice Rutledge.
Howard L. Campbell, of Manistee, Mich.; Errett P. Scrivner, of
Kansas City, Kans.; Leo H. Miller, of Hagerstown, Md.; R. B. Yadon,
Jr., of Woodward, Okla.; W. Bruce Beckley, of San Francisco, Calif.;
Martin Tollefson, of Des Moines, Iowa; Louis H. Shereff, of New York
City; Walter LeRoy Green, of Hyattsville, Md.; George Bowie Mc-
Ceney, of Laurel, Md.; John Franklin Lillard, Jr., of Hyattsville, Md.;
Hyman Edelman, of Minneapolis, Minn.; Nora O. Rentz, of Washing-
ton, D. C.; Henrietta Kriger, of Brooklyn, N. Y.; Charles H. Kriger,
of Brooklyn, N. Y.; Lamoin Oldham, of Longview, Tex.; Lucia T.
Thomas, of Chicago, Ill.; Samuel G. Winstead, of Dallas, Tex.; Ed-
ward I. Weisberg, of Philadelphia, Pa.; Jay H. Sikkenga, of Shelby,
Mich.; John G. Thompson, of Miami, Fla.; Armand E. Lackenbach,
of New York City; and Lewis M. Stevens, of Philadelphia, Pa., were
admitted to practice.
No. 51. Lonnie E. Smith, petitioner, v. S. E. Allwright, Election
Judge, and James E. Liuzza, Associate Election Judge, 48th Precinct
of Harris County, Texas. On writ of certiorari to the United States
Circuit Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit. Judgment reversed
with costs and cause remanded to the District Court of the United
States for the Southern District of Texas for further proceedings in
conformity with the opinion of this Court. Opinion by Mr. Justice
Reed. Mr. Justice Frankfurter concurs in the result. Dissenting
opinion by Mr. Justice Roberts.
No. 385. Boston Towboat Company, appellant, v. The United States
of America, Interstate Commerce Commission, and National Water
Carriers Association, Inc. Appeal from the District Court of the
United States for the Southern District of New York. Appeal dis-
missed. Opinion by Mr. Justice Black.
No. 384. Cornell Steamboat Company, appellant, v. The United
States of America, Interstate Commerce Commission, and National
Water Carriers Association, Inc. Appeal from the District Court of
the United States for the Southern District of New York. Judgment
affirmed. Opinion by Mr. Justice Black. Opinion by Mr. Justice
Frankfurter dissenting in part in which Mr. Justice Roberts joins.
554209-44-73

MONDAY, APRIL 3, 1944
178
The Chief Justice announced the following orders of the Court:
No. 766. The Hudson & Manhattan Railroad Company, appellant,
v. The City of Jersey City, Fred M. Vinson, Stabilization Director, by
Chester Bowles, Price Administrator. Appeal from the District
Court of the United States for the District of New Jersey. Per
curiam: The motion to dismiss is granted and the appeal is dismissed.
Smith v. Illinois Bell Telephone Co., 270 U. S. 587, 588–9; Sterling v.
Constantin, 287 U. S. 378, 386.
No. 794. Abraham S. Ratner, appellant, v. The People of the State
of California. Appeal from the Superior Court of the County of Los
Angeles, Appellate Department, State of California. Per curiam:
The appeal is dismissed for want of a substantial federal question.
(1) Nash v. United States, 229 U. S. 373, 376-7; United States v.
Ragen, 314 U. S. 513, 523-4; (2) Casey v. United States, 276 U. S.
413, 418; Bandini Petroleum Co. v. Superior Court, 284 U. S. 8, 18–19.
The Chief Justice said:
"The other orders of the Court appear upon the list certified by the
Chief Justice and filed with the Clerk and will not be announced
orally."
No. Ex parte Walter D. Stewart, petitioner;
No. Ex parte Edward E. P. Boyens, petitioner. Applications
denied.
No. Mary B. Betz (for herself and in behalf of John Philip
Betz, 3rd), petitioner, v. The Government of The United States. Pe-
tition denied.
No. -. Alfred Minntole, petitioner, v. James A. Johnston, Warden,
etc. Motion for leave to file petition for writ of habeas corpus denied.
No. James M. Smith, petitioner, v. Francis Biddle, Attorney
General, etc. Motion for leave to file petition for writ of certiorari
denied.
No. 657. Western Cartridge Company, etc., petitioner, v. National
Labor Relations Board. Time within which to file petition for re-
hearing extended to and including April 21, next, on motion of counsel
for the petitioner.
No. 767. The Interstate Commerce Commission and Hudson &
Manhattan Railroad Company, appellants, v. The City of Jersey City
et al. In this case probable jurisdiction is noted.
No. 788. Gath P. Freeman, Trustee, etc., appellant, v. Gilbert K.
Hewit, Director of Gross Income Tax Division, Department of Treas-
ury, State of Indiana. In this case probable jurisdiction is noted and
the case is transferred to the summary docket.

MONDAY, APRIL 3, 1944
179
No. 711. James Karl Muschany and Vera Muschany, petitioners, v.
The United States of America; and
No. 726. William M. Andrews and Bertha L. Andrews, petitioners,
v. The United States of America. Petitions for writs of certiorari to
the Circuit Court of Appeals for the Eighth Circuit granted.
No. 741. Commissioner of Internal Revenue, petitioner, v. C. C.
Harmon. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of Ap-
peals for the Tenth Circuit granted.
No. 674. Carolene Products Company et al., petitioners, v. The
United States of America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Cir-
cuit Court of Appeals for the Fourth Circuit granted limited to the
first four questions presented by the petition.
No. 680. E. Jack Smith et al., Partners, etc., petitioners, v. Comer
Davis et al., etc. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court
of Georgia granted and the case transferred to the summary docket.
No. 684. Allen Pope, petitioner, v. The United States. Petition
for writ of certiorari to the Court of Claims granted. Counsel are
requested to discuss in their briefs and on oral argument the question
whether the present action, authorized by the Special Act of February
27, 1942 (56 Stat. 1122), is of a nature to admit of review by this Court
under Article III of the Constitution.
No. 793. L. P. Steuart & Bro., Inc., petitioner, v. Chester Bowles,
Administrator, etc., et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United
States Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia granted and the
case assigned for argument on Monday, May 1, next.
No. 721. Board of County Commissioners of Pawnee County, State
of Oklahoma, et al., petitioners, v. The United States of America; and
No. 722. Board of County Commissioners of Pawnee County, State
of Oklahoma, et al., petitioners, v. The United States of America. Peti-
tion for writs of certiorari to the Circuit Court of Appeals for the
Tenth Circuit denied.
No. 730. Ferdinand A. Kertess, petitioner, v. The United States of
America;
No. 731. Ferdinand A. Kertess, petitioner, v. The United States of
America;
No. 732. Ferdinand A. Kertess, petitioner, v. The United States of
America; and
No. 733. Ferdinand A. Kertess, petitioner, v. The United States of
America. Petition for writs of certiorari to the Circuit Court of
Appeals for the Second Circuit denied.
No. 735. The Baltimore Transit Company and The Baltimore
Coach Company, petitioners, v. The National Labor Relations Board.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of Appeals for the
Fourth Circuit denied.

MONDAY, APRIL 3, 1944
180
No. 737. Atlantic Coastline Railroad Company, petitioner, v. Sid-
ney Blumenthal & Company, Inc. Petition for writ of certiorari to
the Circuit Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit denied.
No. 743. M. P. Depaoli and Lena Depaoli, his wife, petitioners, v.
The United States of America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
Circuit Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit denied.
No. 746. Rudolph Spitzer et al., petitioners, v. Standard Gas and
Electric Company. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court
of Appeals for the Third Circuit denied.
No. 747. Christine Wilson and Margaret Joyner, petitioners, v.
Beatrice Fuhrhop, Gertrude Austin, et al. Petition for writ of cer-
tiorari to the Supreme Court of Illinois denied.
No. 678. Robert Stroud, petitioner, v. James A. Johnston, Warden,
etc. On petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of Appeals
for the Ninth Circuit; and
No. 744. Kenneth J. Nelson, petitioner, v. Bert C. Webb, Superin-
tendent of Washington State Penitentiary. On petition for writ of
certiorari to the Supreme Court of Washington. The motions for
leave to proceed in forma pauperis are granted. The petitions for
'writs of certiorari are denied.
No. 3. A. M. Anderson, Receiver, etc., petitioner, v. Katherine
Kirkpatrick Abbott, Administratrix, etc., et al.;
No. 606. Claud Nivens, petitioner, v. The United States of America;
No. 607. Harmon Metz Waley, petitioner, v. James A. Johnston,
Warden, etc.;
No. 625. William Lynch, petitioner, v. The United States of Amer-
ica; and
No. 713. Cameron Moore, petitioner, v. The People of the State of
Michigan. Petitions for rehearing denied.
Adjourned until Monday April 10, next, at 12 o'clock.
☑

MONDAY, APRIL 10, 1944
181
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: The Chief Justice, Mr. Justice Roberts, Mr. Justice Black,
Mr. Justice Reed, Mr. Justice Frankfurter, Mr. Justice Douglas, Mr.
Justice Murphy, Mr. Justice Jackson, and Mr. Justice Rutledge.
Sherry Basil Myers, of Canandaigua, N. Y; Elizabeth Scott Salis-
bury, of Washington, D. C.; Anne Clark Chatterton, of Des Moines,
Iowa; William Otis Chatterton, of Des Moines, Iowa; Al. G. Rivers,
of Birmingham, Ala.; Howard F. Houk, of Santa Fe, N. Mex.; Har-
olde Turner Loftin, of Houston, Tex.; Paul Kern Hirsch, of Pitts-
burgh, Pa.; Cresswell S. Shumaker, of Pittsburgh, Pa.; Walter B.
Emery, of Washington, D. C.; William J. Crowe, of Oklahoma City,
Okla.; Jacob E. Davis, of Waverly, Ohio; Chas. C. Crabtree, of
Memphis, Tenn.; W. O. Leftwich, of Pulaski, Va.; and Edith H.
Cockrill, of Covington, Tenn., were admitted to practice.
(No. 482. Chicago, Saint Paul, Minneapolis & Omaha Railway Com-
pany, et al., appellants, v.. The United States of America, Interstate
Commerce Commission, et al. Appeal from the District Court of the
United States for the District of Minnesota. Judgment affirmed.
Opinion by Mr. Justice Jackson.
No. 345. Emanuel Pollock, appellant, v. H. T. Williams, as Sheriff
of Brevard County, Florida. Appeal from the Supreme Court of
the State of Florida. Judgment reversed with costs and cause re-
manded to the said Supreme Court for further proceedings not incon-
sistent with the opinion of this Court. Opinion by Mr. Justice Jack-
son. Dissenting opinion by Mr. Justice Reed in which Mr. Chief
Justice Stone joins.
No. 75. The United States, petitioner, v. Algernon Blair, Individu-
ally and to the use of Roanoke Marble & Granite Company. On writ
of certiorari to the Court of Claims. Judgment reversed in part and
affirmed in part and cause remanded to the said Court of Claims for
further proceedings. Opinion by Justice Murphy. Opinion by Mr.
Justice Frankfurter dissenting in part in which Mr. Justice Roberts
joins.
No. 62. The United States of America, appellant, v. Bausch & Lomb
Optical Company, M. Herbert Eisenhart, Ben A. Ramaker, et al.; and
554209-44-74
.

MONDAY, APRIL 10, 1944
182
No. 64. Soft-Lite Lens Company, Inc., Nathaniel Singer, and R. G.
Landis, appellants, v. The United States of America. Appeals from
the District Court of the United States for the Southern District of
New York. Decree modified as indicated in the opinion and, as so
modified, affirmed. Opinion by Mr. Justice Reed. Mr. Justice Jack-
son took no part in the consideration or decision of these cases.
No. 521. Franks Bros. Company, petitioner, v. National Labor Re-
lations Board. On writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit
Court of Appeals for the First Circuit. Judgment affirmed and cause
remanded to the said Circuit Court of Appeals. Opinion by Mr. Jus-
tice Black. The Chief Justice took no part in the consideration or
decision of this case.
No. 436. L. Metcalfe Walling, Administrator of the Wage and
Hour Division, United States Department of Labor, petitioner, v.
James V. Reuter, Inc. On writ of certiorari to the United States Cir-
cuit Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit. Judgment of the Circuit
Court of Appeals vacated and cause remanded to the District Court of
the United States for the Eastern District of Louisiana where peti-
tioner will be free to take such proceedings for the enforcement of the
judgment of the District Court as he may deem advisable and as may
be proper in the circumstances of the case. Opinion by Mr. Chief
Justice Stone.
No. 265. Medo Photo Supply Corporation, petitioner, v. National
Labor Relations Board. On writ of certiorari to the United States
Circuit Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit. Judgment affirmed
and cause remanded to the said Circuit Court of Appeals. Opinion by
Mr. Chief Justice Stone. Dissenting: Mr. Justice Roberts. Dissent-
ing opinion by Mr. Justice Rutledge.
The Chief Justice said:
"The orders of the Court appear upon the list certified by the Chief
Justice and filed with the Clerk and will not be announced orally."
No. —. U. S. ex rel. Robert Tigney, petitioner, v. Joseph E. Ragen,
Warden, etc.; and
No. People of the State of New York ex rel. Andrew W. Vialva,
petitioner, v. Blakely R. Webster, Superintendent. Applications
denied.
No. People of the State of Illinois ex rel. William Sullivan, peti-
tioner, v. Joseph E. Ragen, Warden, etc.; and
No. Ex parte Allan Lambus, petitioner. The motions for leave
to file petitions for writs of habeas corpus are denied.

MONDAY, APRIL 10, 1944
183
No. 811. The United States of America, appellant, v: Margaret M.
Johnson and Mary E. Layton, doing business as the United States
Dental Company et al. In this case probable jurisdiction is noted and
the case is transferred to the summary docket.
No. 759. Gustav H. Kann, petitioner, v. The United States of Amer-
ica. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of Appeals
for the Fourth Circuit granted.
No. 781. The Hooven & Allison Company, petitioner, v. William
S. Evatt, Tax Commissioner of Ohio. Petition for writ of certiorari
to the Supreme Court of Ohio granted.
No. 745. The Sage Stores Company and Carolene Products Com-
pany, petitioners, v. The State of Kansas, ex rel. A. B. Mitchell, etc.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Kansas granted
limited to the first question presented by the petition and the case as-
signed for argument immediately following No. 674.
No. 768. Michael F. McDonald, petitioner, v. Commissioner of In-
ternal Revenue. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of
Appeals for the Third Circuit granted the case transferred to the
summary docket.
No. 736. C. M. Hargrove, petitioner, v. The United States of Amer-
ica. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of Appeals
for the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 753. John A. Johnson Contracting Corporation, formerly
known as J. A. J. Construction Company et al., petitioners, v. The
United States of America for the use and benefit of Worthington
Pump and Machinery Corporation. Petition for writ of certiorari to
the Circuit Court of Appeals for the Third Circuit denied.
No. 755. C. E. Mottaz, I. C. Smith, et al., petitioners, v. Edward L.
Scheufler, Superintendent of the Insurance Department of the State
of Missouri, et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme
Court of Missouri denied.
No. 756. American Creosoting Company, petitioner, v. National
Labor Relations Board. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit
Court of Appeals for the Sixth Circuit denied.
No. 764. Alfred Fenton, petitioner, v. L. Metcalfe Walling, Admin-
istrator, etc.; and
No. 765. Russell G. Smith, petitioner, v. L. Metcalfe Walling, Ad-
ministrator, etc. Petitions for writs of certiorari to the Circuit Court
of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit denied.
No. 769. Pennsylvania Power & Light Company, petitioner, v. Fed-
eral Power Commission. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit
Court of Appeals for the Third Circuit denied.

MONDAY, APRIL 10, 1944
184
No. 774. Jack Barg, petitioner, v. The People of the State of Illi-
nois. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Illinois
denied.
No. 776. Dealer's Transport Company, petitioner, v. Essie Mae
Reese, as Administratrix, etc., et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to
the Circuit Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 783. The Connecticut Mutual Life Insurance Company, peti-
tioner, v. Samuel A. Sperber; and
No. 784. The New York Life Insurance Company, petitioner, v.
Samuel A. Sperber. Petition for writs of certiorari to the Circuit
Court of Appeals for the Eighth Circuit denied.
No. 805. John Capetola, Jr., a minor, etc., et al., petitioners, v. Bar-
clay White Company. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit
Court of Appeals for the Third Circuit denied.
No. 829. Bernard B. Bailey, petitioner, v. J. A. Anderson, State
Highway Commissioner, et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
Supreme Court of Appeals of Virginia denied. The application for
a stay is also denied.
No. 687. Boyd Gilliland, petitioner, v. The United States of Amer-
ica. On petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of Ap-
peals for the Fifth Circuit;
No. 688. Edwin Albert Burt et al., petitioners, v. The United States
of America. On petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court
of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit;
No. 694. Emmet H. Bozel, petitioner, v. The United States of Amer-
ica. On petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of Appeals
for the Sixth Circuit; and
No. 773. Mrs. Lorena Marbry, petitioner, v. George W. Cain, and
Garnishee, American Central Insurance Company. On petition for
writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Tennessee. The motions
for leave to proceed in forma pauperis are granted. The petitions for
writs of certiorari are denied.
Adjourned until Monday, April 24 next, at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Monday, April 24, will be as follows: Nos. 349,
497, 613, 531, 433, 493, 620, 621, 628, and 634.

MONDAY, APRIL 24, 1944
185
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: The Chief Justice, Mr. Justice Roberts, Mr. Justice Black,
Mr. Justice Reed, Mr. Justice Frankfurter, Mr. Justice Douglas, Mr.
Justice Murphy, Mr. Justice Jackson, and Mr. Justice Rutledge.
Robert L. Wiley, of Chippewa Falls, Wis.; John B. Mellott, of Ann
Arbar, Mich.; Elmer W. Freytag, of Chicago, Ill.; Asa E. Phillips,
Jr.; of Boston, Mass.; Robert I. Wilson, of Kerrville, Tex.; Gene
Eckerty, of Princeton, Ind.; Wayne M. Collins, of San Francisco,
Calif.; Harry Louis Fisher, of Muscatine, Iowa; Ray M. Stroud, of
Madison, Wis.; Richard R. Teschner, of Madison, Wis.; Douglas
H. Kenyon, of New York City; Charles V. Schwenker, of Co-
lumbus, Ohio; Lloyd Francis Harris, of Los Angeles, Calif.;
Martin Marcus Morrissey, of Madison, Wis.; John Ashfield Mc-
Guire, of Yuma, Ariz.; H. Albert Young, of Wilmington, Del.; Geo.
M. Ethridge, Jr.; of Meridian, Miss.; Minnie Cottle Keller, of Min-
neapolis, Minn.; Wm. A. Stuart, of Abington, Va.; Milton Carr Fer-
guson, of Washington, D. C.; W. Dean Nutting, of Holbrook, Ariz.;
and George W. Tackabury, of Los Angeles, Calif., were admitted to
practice.
No. 336. National Labor Relations Board, petitioner, v. Hearst
Publications, Incorporated;
No. 337. National Labor Relations Board, petitioner, v. Stock-
holders Publishing Company, Inc.;
No. 338. National Labor Relations Board, petitioner, v. Hearst
Publications, Incorporated; and
No. 339. National Labor Relations Board, petitioner, v. The Times-
Mirror Company. On writs of certiorari to the United States Circuit
Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit. Judgments reversed and
cases remanded to the said Circuit Court of Appeals for further
proceedings in conformity with the opinion of this Court. Opinion by
Mr. Justice Rutledge. Mr. Justice Reed concurs in the result. Dis-
senting opinion by Mr. Justice Roberts.
No. 381. The United States of America, petitioner, v. American
Surety Company. On writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit
Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit. Judgment affirmed and
cause remanded to the District Court of the United States for the
District of Montana. Opinion by Mr. Justice Murphy.
No. 483. Clifford F. MacEvoy Company and The Aetna Casualty
and Surety Company, petitioners, v. The United States of America,
554209-44 75

MONDAY, APRIL 24, 1944
186
for the use and benefit of the Calvin Tompkins Company. On writ
of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the
Third Circuit. Judgment reversed with costs and cause remanded
to the District Court of the United States for the District of New
Jersey for further proceedings in conformity with the opinion of this
Court. Opinion by Mr. Justice Murphy.
No. 578. Southern Railway Company, petitioner, o. The United
States. On writ of certiorari to the Court of Claims. Judgment
affirmed. Opinion by Mr. Justice Douglas.
No. 472. The United States of America, petitioner, v. Edna W.
Ballard and Donald Ballard. On writ of certiorari to the United
States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit. Judgment
reversed and cause remanded to the said Circuit Court of Appeals for
further proceedings in conformity with the opinion of this Court.
Opinion by Mr. Justice Douglas. Dissenting opinion by Mr. Chief
Justice Stone in which Mr. Justice Roberts and Mr. Justice Frank-
furter join. Dissenting opinion by Mr. Justice Jackson.
No. 514. The United States of America, petitioner, v. James P.
Mitchell; and
No. 515. The United States of America, petitioner, v. James P.
Mitchell. On writs of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the District of Columbia. Judgments reversed and cases remanded
to the District Court of the United States for the District of Columbia
for further proceedings in conformity with the opinion of this Court,
Opinion by Mr. Justice Frankfurter. Mr. Justice Douglas and Mr.
Justice Rutledge concur in the result. Mr. Justice Black dissents.
Opinion by Mr. Justice Reed concurring in the result.
No. 235. Great Northern Life Insurance Company, petitioner, v.
Jess G. Read, Insurance Commissioner for the State of Oklahoma.
On writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals
for the Tenth Circuit. Judgment of the Circuit Court of Appeals
vacated and cause remanded to the District Court of the United
States for the Western District of Oklahoma with directions to dis-
miss the complaint for want of jurisdiction. Costs to be paid by
petitioner. Opinion by Mr. Justice Reed. Dissenting opinion by
Mr. Justice Frankfurter in which Mr. Chief Justice Stone and Mr.
Justice Roberts concur.
No. 649. Barge “Anaconda” and Smith Rowland Company, Inc.,
petitioners, v. American Sugar Refining Company. On writ of certi-
orari to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Fifth Cir-
cuit. Judgment affirmed with costs and cause remanded to the District
Court of the United States for the Southern District of Florida. Opin-
ion by Mr. Justice Roberts.
No. 589. The United States of America, Interstate Commerce Com-
mission, Coastal Tank Lines, Inc., et al., appellants, v. Marshall

MONDAY, APRIL 24, 1944
187
Transport Company, Warren C. Marshall, Refiners Transport Ter-
minal Corporation. Appeal from the District Court of the United
States for the District of Maryland. Judgment reversed and cause
remanded to the District Court of the United States for the District
of Maryland for further proceedings in conformity with the opinion
of this Court. Opinion by Mr. Chief Justice Stone. Dissenting:
Mr. Justice Roberts.
The Chief Justice said:
"The orders of the Court appear upon the list certified by the Chief
Justice and filed with the Clerk and will not be announced orally."
No. Ex parte Oliver Gobin, petitioner; and
No.
-.
-
Ex parte Noel Gaines, petitioner. Application denied.
No. Garfield J. Kelley, petitioner, v. The United States of Amer-
ice. The motion for leave to file petition for writ of certiorari is
denied.
en.
No.. Horace W. Trice, petitioner, v. Dr. J. LeRoy Wright, Ward-
The motion for leave to file peition for writ of habeas corpus is
denied.
No. 845. The United States of America et al., appellants, v. The
Pennsylvania Railroad Company et al.; and
No. 846. The Pennsylvania Railroad Company et al., appellants, v.
The United States of America et al. A rule is ordered to issue, re-
turnable May 1, next, requiring the parties to show cause on briefs,
accompanied by supporting affidavits if so desired, why the cause
should not be dismissed as moot. Reply briefs and affidavits may be
filed not later than 12 noon, May 5, next.
No. 804. M. Claude Screws, Frank Edward Jones, and Jim Bob
Kelley, petitioners, v. The United States of America. Petition for
writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit
granted.
No. 644. Valentine-Clark Corporation, petitioner, v. Commissioner
of Internal Revenue. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit
Court of Appeals for the Eighth Circuit denied.
No. 777. Northwest Bancorporation, petitioner, v. Commissioner
of Internal Revenue. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit
Court of Appeals for the Eighth Circuit denied.
No. 749. Fred Gable and Charlie Hutter, petitioners, v. State of
Alabama. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of
Alabama denied.
No. 757. Irving Feinberg and Mark Godfrey, petitioners, v. The
United States of America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Cir-
cuit Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit denied.

MONDAY, APRIL 24, 1944
188
No. 763. The United States of America, ex rel. Theodore Roose-
velt Potts, petitioner, v. Robert W. Rabb, United States Marshal, etc.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of Appeals for the
Third Circuit denied.
No. 770. Fannie E. Williams, petitioner, v. The United States of
America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of Ap-
peals for the Tenth Circuit denied.
No. 778. Mitchell Irrigation District, a corporation, petitioner, v.
John A. Whiting, Jr., Water Commissioner, District 14, Division 1,
State of Wyoming. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme
Court of Wyoming denied.
No. 792. Town of Pelham, Westchester County, New York, peti-
tioner, v. The Employers' Liability Assurance Corporation, Ltd.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of Appeals for the
Second Circuit denied.
No. 796. Charles B. Eells, petitioner, v. J. W. Hall. Petition for
writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Kansas denied.
No. 797. The Starr Piano Company, Pacific Division, a corpora-
tion, petitioner, v. Ethel Strickland Rogan, Executrix, etc. Petition
for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of Appeals for the Ninth
Circuit denied.
No. 807. Sun Publishing Company, petitioner, v. L. Metcalfe Wall-
ing, Administrator, etc. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit
Court of Appeals for the Sixth Circuit denied.
No. 602. Karp Metal Products Company, Inc., petitioner, v. Na-
tional Labor Relations Board. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
Circuit Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit denied.
No. 673. Roy Charles Thompson, Debtor-Bankrupt, petitioner, v.
Farmers Bank of Lohman, Lohman, Missouri. Petition for writ of
certiorari to the Circuit Court of Appeals for the Eighth Circuit
denied.
No. 808. Jacob Reichert, petitioner, v. The Federal Land Bank of
St. Paul. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of Ap-
peals for the Eighth Circuit denied.
No. 775. Great Southern Trucking Company and L. A. Raulerson,
petitioners, v. National Labor Relations Board. Petition for writ of
certiorari to the Circuit Court of Appeals for the Fourth Circuit
denied.
No. 787. California Retail Grocers & Merchants Association, Ltd.,
et al., petitioners, v. The United States of America. Petition for
writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit
denied.

MONDAY, APRIL 24, 1944
189
No. 795. Thomas H. O'Neal, petitioner, v. The United States of
America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of Ap-
peals for the Sixth Circuit denied.
No. 799. Metropolitan Life Insurance Company, petitioner, v. Mad-
den Furniture, Inc., and Marguerite Madden. Petition for writ of
certiorari to the Circuit Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 810. Philip Egner, Frederick C. Mayer, and Shapiro Bernstein
& Co., Inc., petitioners, v. E. C. Schirmer Music Company. Petition
for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of Appeals for the First
Circuit denied.
No. 812. American Stores, Inc., petitioner, v. Chester Bowles, Ad-
ministrator, Office of Price Administration. Petition for writ of cer-
tiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the District of
Columbia denied.
No. 818. The City of New York, petitioner, v. The National City
Bank of New York. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit
Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit denied.
No. 658. Walter McDonald, petitioner, v. The United States of
America. The motion for leave to proceed on typewritten papers
is granted. The petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court
of Appeals for the Sixth Circuit is denied.
No. 786. Edward M. Winston, petitioner, v. Thomas J. Courtney,
State's Attorney, County of Cook, a Municipal Corporation of the
State of Illinois, and others. The petition for writ of certiorari to the
Supreme Court of Illinois is denied for failure to comply with para-
graphs 1 and 2 of Rule 38 and paragraph 1 of Rule 12. Mr. Justice
Rutledge took no part in the consideration or decision of this ap-
plication.
No. 802. The Independent Association of Mill Workers et al., peti-
tioners, v. National Labor Relations Board. Petition for writ of cer-
tiorari to the Circuit Court of Appeals for the Tenth Circuit denied.
The Chief Justice took no part in the consideration or decision of this
application.
No. 751. Otis Spencer, petitioner, v. Dr. M. J. Pescor, Warden, etc.
On petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of Appeals for
the Eighth Circuit.
No. 800. Bernard M. Shotkin, petitioner, v. Mutual Benefit Health
& Accident Association. On petition for writ of certiorari to the Cir-
cuit Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit;
No. 833. Anthony Adams, petitioner, v. Joseph E. Ragen, Warden,
etc. On petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Illi-
nois;

MONDAY, APRIL 24, 1944
190
No. 837. Joseph Smith, petitioner, v. Joseph E. Ragen, Warden,
etc. On petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Illi-
nois;
No. 859. Henry Sheppard, petitioner, v. Hon. Walter Nierstheimer,
Warden, etc. On motion for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court
of Illinois;
No. 772. John Gardner, petitioner, v. Paul E. Kaiser, Warden, etc.
On petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Missouri;
No. 852. Francis Haines, petitioner, v. Thos. J. Bowles, Clerk, etc.
On petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Illinois;
No. 872. Joel R. Hall, petitioner, v. Walter Neirstheimer, Warden,
etc. On petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Illi-
nois; and
No. 879. Joseph Bernovich, petitioner, v. People of the State of
Illinois. On petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of
Illinois. The motions for leave to proceed in forma pauperis are
granted. The petitions for writs of certiorari are denied.
No. 822. Henry Long, petitioner, v. Ralph E. Benson, Warden, etc.
The motion for leave to proceed in forma pauperis is granted. The
motion for leave to file certain briefs is granted. The petition for
writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of Appeals for the Sixth Cir-
cuit is denied. The motion for leave to file petition for writ of
mandamus is also denied.
No. 875. Edith Haskins, petitioner, v. Federal Farm Mortgage
Corporation. The motion for leave to proceed in forma pauperis
is granted. The application for a stay is denied. The petition for
writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of Appeals for the Seventh
Circuit is denied for the reason that application therefor was not
made within the time provided by law. Section 8 (a), Act of Feb-
ruary 13, 1925 (43 Stat. 936, 940), 28 U. S. C., section 350.
No. 801. George Hodge, petitioner, v. Ray L. Huff. The motion
for leave to proceed in forma pauperis is granted. The petition for
writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the Dis-
trict of Columbia is denied. Mr. Justice Rutledge took no part in the
consideration or decision of this application.
No. 780. Martin Voorhees, petitioner, v. Ora H. Cox, Warden, etc.
The motion for leave to proceed in forma pauperis is denied. The
petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of Appeals for the
Eighth Circuit is also denied.
No. 232. J. M. Sartor, et al., petitioners, v. Arkansas Natural Gas
Corporation. The petitions for rehearing are denied.
No. 310. Wells Fargo Bank & Union Trust Co., substituted as
Executor of the Last Will of Mary E. Morris, deceased, et al., peti-
tioners, v. Imperial Irrigation District et al.;

MONDAY, APRIL 24, 1944
191
No. 492. The Equitable Life Assurance Society of the United
States, petitioner, v. Commissioner of Internal Revenue;
No. 617. Henry E. Terrell, petitioner, v. Dr. M. J. Pescor, Warden,
etc.;
No. 624. Cape Ann Granite Company, Inc., petitioner, v. The
United States;
No. 657. Western Cartridge Company, 'Winchester Repeating
Arms Company Division, petitioner, v. National Labor Relations
Board;
No. 723. City of Los Angeles and Department of Water and Power
of the City of Los Angeles, petitioners, v. Natural Soda Products
Company; and
No. 782. Vincent J. Cullotta, petitioner, v. Joseph E. Ragen, War-
den, etc. Petitions for rehearing denied.
No. 388. City of Coral Gables, Florida, petitioner, v. Ed. C. Wright,
doing business as Ed. C. Wright & Company, etc., et al. The petition
for rehearing is denied. Mr. Justice Douglas took no part in the
consideration or decision of this application.
.
No. 349. Carlos M. DeCastro, petitioner, v. Board of Commis-
sioners of San Juan. Argued by Mr. William Cattron Rigby for the
petitioner and by Mr. F. F. Cuyar for the respondent.
No. 497. Mario Mercado E. Hijos, petitioner, v. Elvira Olivieri
Commins et al. Argued by Mr. William Cattron Rigby and Mr. Pedro
M. Porrata for the petitioner and case submitted by Mr. Celestino
Dominquez Rubio for the respondents.
Adjourned until tomorrow at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Tuesday, April 25, will be as follows: Nos. 613,
531, 628, 433, 493, 620, 621, 634, 648, and 716 (and 717).
☑
人

TUESDAY, APRIL 25, 1944
192
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: The Chief Justice, Mr. Justice Roberts, Mr. Justice Black,
Mr. Justice Reed, Mr. Justice Frankfurter, Mr. Justice Douglas, Mr.
Justice Murphy, Mr. Justice Jackson, and Mr. Justice Rutledge.
Lauson H. Stone, of New York City; Fleming B. Bomar, of Wash-
ington, D. C.; Orrin H. Bonney, of Houston, Tex.; Percy B. Revels,
of Palatka, Fla.; Marian DeBelle, of Washington, D. C.; Ward T.
Jones, of Houston, Tex.; R. Sidney Johnson, of Washington, D. C.;
Warren H. Atherton, of Stockton, Calif.; William E. Davis, of Kansas
City, Mo.; and Paul J. Christiansen, of West Orange, N. J., were ad-
mitted to practice.
No. 613. American Seating Company, petitioner, v. Lucian T. Zell.
Argued by Mr. William Dwight Whitney for the petitioner and by
Mr. J. Edward Lumbard, Jr., for the respondent.
No. 531. Elmer Hartzel, petitioner, v. The United States of Amer-
ica. Argued by Mr. Ode L. Rankin for the petitioner and Mr. Solic-
itor General Fahy for the respondent.
No. 628. Frank L. Huddleston et al., etc., petitioners, v. R. H.
Dwyer et al. Argued by Mr. William E. Davis for the petitioners and
case submitted by Mr. William L. Curtis for the respondents.
Adjourned until tomorrow at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Wednesday, April 26, will be as follows: Nos. 433,
493, 620 (and 621), 634, 648, 716 (and 717), 679, 569, 793, and
767.
☑
554209-44-76

WEDNESDAY, APRIL 26, 1944
193
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: The Chief Justice, Mr. Justice Roberts, Mr. Justice Black,
Mr. Justice Reed, Mr. Justice Frankfurter, Mr. Justice Douglas, Mr.
Justice Murphy, Mr. Justice Jackson, and Mr. Justice Rutledge.
Emanuel N. Frankel, of New York City; Samuel H. Fowler, of
Tucson, Ariz.; W. Edward Swinson, of Columbus, Ga.; Harry J.
Merritt, of Royal Oak, Mich.; Leo E. Fitzgibbons, of Estherville, Iowa;
Robert E. White, of Florence, S. C.; Charles Lyon Beckler, of Wash-
ington, D. C.; Robert E. Canfield, of New York City; and Warren E.
Magee, of Chevy Chase, Md., were admitted to practice.
No. 433. W. D. Lyons, petitioner, v. The State of Oklahoma.
Argued by Mr. Thurgood Marshal for the petitioner and by Mr. Sam
H. Lattimore for the respondent. Leave granted respondent to file a
brief by May 17 next.
No. 493. Carl Wilhelm Baumgartner, petitioner, v. The United
States of America. Argued by Mr. Harold Evans for the petitioner
and by Mr. Solicitor General Fahy for the respondent.
Adjourned until tomorrow at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Thursday, April 27, will be as follows: Nos. 620
(and 621), 634, 648, 716 (and 717), 569, 793, and 767.
☑

THURSDAY, APRIL 27, 1944
194
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: The Chief Justice, Mr. Justice Roberts, Mr. Justice Black,
Mr. Justice Reed, Mr. Justice Frankfurter, Mr. Justice Douglas, Mr.
Justice Murphy, Mr. Justice Jackson, and Mr. Justice Rutledge.
Roy L. Herndon, of Los Angeles, Calif.; Niel R. Allen, of Grants
Pass, Oreg.; Hugh Francis, of Detroit, Mich.; Joseph Andrews III, of
Washington, D. C.; Bernard F. Powell, of Detroit, Mich.; Harry B.
Miller, of Lexington, Ky.; Alfred Berman, of New York City; Edward
G. Fenwick, of Washington, D. C.; Frank F. Reynolds, of Alexandria,
Va.; Henry Ford, Jr., of Kalamazoo, Mich.; and James R. Eagleton, of
Oklahoma City, Okla., were admitted to practice.
No. 620. International Harvester Company, appellant, v. Wiscon-
sin Department of Taxation; and
No. 621. Minnesota Mining and Manufacturing Company, appel-
lant, v. Wisconsin Department of Taxation. Argument commenced
by Mr. Ray M. Stroud for the appellant in No. 620; continued by Mr.
Edward R. Lewis for the appellant in No. 620; by Mr. G. Burgess Ela
for the appellant in No. 621; by Mr. Harold H. Persons for the appel- .
lee; and concluded by Mr. Edward R. Lewis for the appellant in
No. 620.
No. 634. Kenneth M. Keefe and Wallace D. Bradford, appellants,
v. Earl L. Clark, Drain Commissioner of Oakland County, Michigan,
et al. Argument commenced by Mr. Irvin Long for the appellants
and continued by Mr. Harry J. Merritt for the appellees.
Adjourned until tomorrow at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Friday, April 28, will be as follows: Nos. 634, 648,
716 (and 717), 569, 793, and 767.
554209-44-78

FRIDAY, APRIL 28, 1944
195
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: The Chief Justice, Mr. Justice Roberts, Mr. Justice Black,
Mr. Justice Reed, Mr. Justice Frankfurter, Mr. Justice Douglas, Mr.
Justice Murphy, Mr. Justice Jackson, and Mr. Justice Rutledge.
Peter A. Schwabe, of Portland, Oreg.; John Carroll Morrissey, of
New York City; Haskell Donoho, of Washington, D. C.; David K.
Breed, of St. Louis, Mo.; Owen H. George, of Dallas, Tex.; Marion T.
Bennett, of Springfield, Mo.; Brandt S. Hervey, of Newark, Ohio; and
Vernon B. Lowery, of Washington, D. C., were admitted to practice.
No., original. Sam H. Jones, Governor of the State of Louisiana,
ex rel. the State of Louisiana, Louisiana Farmers' Protective Union,
Inc., et al., complainants, v. Chester Bowles, Administrator of The
Office of Price Administration. Motion for leave to file complaint
presented.
No. 634. Kenneth M. Keefe and Wallace D. Bradford, appellants,
v. Earl L. Clark, Drain Commissioner of Oakland County, Michigan,
et al. Argument continued by Mr. Harry J. Merritt for the appellees
and concluded by Mr. William Clarence Hudson for the appellees.
No. 648. The United States of America, petitioner, v. D. B. Hel-
lard. Argued by Mr. Marvin J. Sonosky for the petitioner and by Mr.
George H. Jennings for the respondent.
No. 716. The United States of America, appellant, v. Clyde Saylor
et al.; and
No. 717. The United States of America, appellant, v. Clarence
Poer et al. Argued by Mr. Paul A. Freund for the appellant and by
Mr. Harry B. Miller for the appellees.
Adjourned until Monday next at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Monday, May 1, will be as follows: Nos. 569, 793,
and 767.
554209-44-79

MONDAY, MAY 1, 1944
196
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: The Chief Justice, Mr. Justice Roberts, Mr. Justice Black,
Mr. Justice Reed, Mr. Justice Frankfurter, Mr. Justice Douglas, Mr.
Justice Murphy, Mr. Justice Jackson, and Mr. Justice Rutledge.
Mildred Brooks Fitch, of Tulsa, Okla.; Fagan Dickson, of Austin,
Tex.; Cecil W. Collins, of Los Angeles, Calif.; F. M. Ryburn, of
Dallas, Tex.; Ray A. Pittman, Jr., of Dallas, Tex.; Hirsch E. Soble,
of Chicago, Ill.; Daniel R. Jones, of St. Paul, Minn.; Richard B.
McEntire, of Topeka, Kans.; Joseph F. Mattice, of Asbury Park,
N. J.; Roland H. Rogers, of Toledo, Ohio; Mortimer A. Kline, of Los
Angeles, Calif.; Thomas J. Reynolds, of Beverly Hills, Calif.; John
LeRoy Peterson, of Council Bluffs, Iowa; John D. Randall, of Cedar
Rapids, Iowa; Philip Reich, of Bridgeport, Conn.; James C. Shannon,
of Bridgeport, Conn.; Allan E. Brosmith, of Hartford, Conn.; James
C. Tormey, of Syracuse, N. Y.; Martin M. Larson, of Salt Lake City,
Utah; Harold Forstenzer, of New York City; John E. Buck, of New
York City; David F. Cavers, of Falls Church, Va.; Thomas A. Hal-
leran, of New York City; James A. Fowler, Jr., of New York City;
Frederic H. Stafford, of Chicago, Ill.; Karl P. Spencer, of St. Louis,
Mo.; Dorathea Merrill Dryer, of Salt Lake City, Utah; Daniel James,
of New York City; and Herman M. Buck, of Uniontown, Pa., were
admitted to practice.
No. 417. The United States of America and Mesta Machine Com-
pany, appellants, v. County of Allegheny, Pennsylvania. Appeal
from the Supreme Court of the State of Pennsylvania. Judgment
reversed and cause remanded to the said Supreme Court for further
proceedings not inconsistent with the opinion of this Court. Opinion
by Mr. Justice Jackson. Mr. Justice Black and Mr. Justice Douglas
concur in the result. Dissenting opinion by Mr. Justice Roberts.
Dissenting opinion by Mr. Justice Frankfurter.
No. 391. E. E. Ashcraft and John Ware, petitioners, v. State of
Tennessee. On writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of the State
of Tennessee. Judgment of the Supreme Court of Tennessee affirming
Ware's conviction vacated with costs and judgment of the Supreme
Court of Tennessee affirming Ashcraft's conviction reversed with costs
and cause remanded to said Supreme Court for further proceedings
not inconsistent with the opinion of this Court. Opinion by Mr..
554209-44--80

MONDAY, MAY 1, 1944
197
Justice Black. Dissenting opinion by Mr. Justice Jackson in which
Mr. Justice Roberts and Mr. Justice Frankfurter join.
No. 592. Allen Calculators, Inc., appellant, v. The National Cash
Register Company and The United States of America. Appeal from
the District Court of the United States for the Southern District of
Ohio. Appeal dismissed. Opinion by Mr. Justice Roberts. The
Chief Justice took no part in the consideration or decision of this
case. Dissenting: Mr. Justice Black, Mr. Justice Douglas, and Mr.
Justice Murphy.
The Chief Justice announced the following orders of the Court:
No. 874. Joseph S. Donovan, as Administrator, etc., appellant, v.
Kansas City, Missouri. Appeal from the Supreme Court of Missouri.
Per curiam: The motion to dismiss is granted and the appeal is dis-
missed for want of a substantial federal question. Thomas v. City
of Richmond, 12 Wall. 349, 356–57; Hedges v. Dixon County, 150 U. S.
182, and cases cited.
No. -, original. Sam H. Jones, Governor of the State of Louisi-
ana, ex. rel. The State of Louisiana et al., complainants, v. Chester
Bowles, Administrator, etc. The motion for leave to file the com-
plaint is denied for want of jurisdiction of this Court to entertain it
under Article III, Section 2, of the Constitution. Cf. (1) Massachu-
setts v. Mellon, 262 U. S. 447, 485-86; Florida v. Mellon, 273 U. S. 12,
18; (2) New Hampshire v. Louisiana, 108 U. S. 76; Oklahoma v.
Atchison, Topeka and Santa Fe Railway Co., 220 U. S. 277; Oklahoma
ex rel. Johnson v. Cook, 304 U. S. 387.
The Chief Justice said:
"The other orders of the Court appear upon the list certified by the
Chief Justice and filed with the Clerk and will not be announced
orally."
No. Ex parte Samuel Jackson, petitioner;
-
No. Ex parte Percy Arthur Whistler, petitioner; and
―.
No. Burkett Patterson, petitioner, v. Joseph W. Sanford,
Warden, etc. The motions for leave to file petitions for writs of
habeas corpus are denied.
No. Ex parte William Hanley, petitioner; and
-.
No.. Ex parte John Welch, petitioner. The motions for leave to
file petitions for writs of habeas corpus are denied. Ex parte Hawk,
321 U. S. 114, 117. Treating the papers as petitions for writs of certi-
orari to the Supreme Court of Illinois, leave to proceed in forma
pauperis is granted and the petitions are denied.

MONDAY, MAY 1, 1944
198
No. 5, original. The State of Colorado, complainant, v. The State of
Kansas and the Finney County Water Users' Association, a corpora-
tion.
This cause having been heretofore submitted on the pleadings and
the evidence taken before and reported by the Commissioner and
the Special Master appointed for the purpose, and the Court being
now fully advised in the premises:
It is considered, ordered, and decreed that the defendant, The
Finney County Water Users' Association, its officers, attorneys, agents,
and employees, be, and they are hereby, severally enjoined from
prosecuting further those certain cases now pending in the District
Court of the United States for the District of Colorado entitled
the Finney County Water Users' Association, a corporation of Kansas,
plaintiff, versus The Graham Ditch Company and others, defendants,
and The Finney County Water Users' Association, a corporation of
Kansas, plaintiff, versus The Coler Ditch and Reservoir Company, a
corporation of Colorado, and others, defendants, said cases being
numbered 6633 and 7493 respectively on the docket of said United
States District Court.
It is further considered, ordered, and decreed that the prayers of
both the State of Colorado and the State of Kansas for relief other
than that decreed herein be, and they are hereby dismissed.
It is also considered, ordered, and decreed that costs in this cause
shall be borne and paid in equal parts by the States of Colorado and
Kansas.
No. 5, original. The State of Colorado, complainant, v. The State
of Kansas et al. The expenses of the Special Master are approved.
No. 878. Southern Pacific Company, appellant, v. State of Ari-
zona, ex rel. Joe Conway, Attorney General of the State of Arizona.
In this case probable jurisdiction is noted.
No. 803. Wilson McCarthy and Henry Swan, Trustees of the Den-
ver & Rio Grande Western Railroad Company, et al., petitioners, v.
E. E. Bruner. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of
Utah granted.
No. 223. Nils P. Severin, as Surviving Partner of Nils P. Severin
and Alfred N. Severin (Now deceased), formerly copartners, etc.,
petitioner, v. The United States. Petition for writ of certiorari to
the Court of Claims denied.
No. 758. Grand River Dam Authority, a public corporation, peti-
tioner, v. The Board of Education of the Town of Wyandotte, Okla-
homa, etc. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of
Oklahoma denied.

MONDAY, MAY 1, 1944
199
No. 798. J. S. Garlington and Jennie Lou Garlington, petitioners,
v. A. L. Wasson. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court
of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 806. Arthur Lederer, petitioner, v. The United States of Amer-
ica, ex rel. Prentiss M. Brown, Administrator, etc. Petition for writ
of certiorari to the Circuit Court of Appeals for the Seventh Circuit
denied.
No. 809. Robert F. Klepinger, Miriam Klepinger, et al., petitioners,
v. Fred B. Rhodes. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia denied.
No. 813. George Goumas, petitioner, v. K. Karras & Son and S. S.
"Karras," her engines, etc. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Cir-
cuit Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit denied.
No. 816. City of Milwaukee, J. J. Krueger, City Treasurer, etc.,
et al., petitioners, v. The United States of America et al. Petition
for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of Appeals for the Seventh
Circuit denied.
No. 823. American West African Line, Inc., et al., petitioners, v.
“Huilever” S. A. Division Huileries du Congo Belge et al. Petition
for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of Appeals for the Second
Circuit denied.
No. 824. Katie M. Howell, petitioner, v. Commissioner of Internal
Revenue; and
No. 825. Estate of J. H. Howell, deceased, petitioner, v. Commis-
sioner of Internal Revenue. Petition for writs of certiorari to the
Circuit Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 827. Eleanor G. Murphy, petitioner, v. The City of Asbury
Park, a municipal corporation. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
Circuit Court of Appeals for the Third Circuit denied.
No. 832. Helen Elizabeth McClure Innis, petitioner, v. United Mer-
cantile Agencies, Inc. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit
Court of Appeals for the Seventh Circuit denied.
No. 843. Safeway Trails, Inc., petitioner, v. Aaron E. Greenleaf.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of Appeals for the
Second Circuit denied.
No. 748. Jogger Manufacturing Corporation, petitioner, v., Wen-
dell H. Roquemore, doing business as Multigraph Sales Agency. The
motion to use the certified record in No. 90, October Term, 1940, is
granted. The motion for leave to file affidavits of E. F. Koenig and
W. C. Dunlap and to have same considered in conjunction with the
record is denied. The petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit
Court of Appeals for the Seventh Circuit is denied.

MONDAY, MAY 1, 1944
200
No. 754. Rufus Meshberger and Lelia B. Meshberger, petitioners,
v. The Federal Land Bank of Louisville, Kentucky. Petition for writ
of certiorari to the Circuit Court of Appeals for the Seventh Circuit
denied. The application for appeal is also denied.
No. 789. E. G. Blue et al., petitioners, v. The United States of
America;
No. 790. Wm. N. Clark et al., petitioners, v. The United States of
America; and
No. 791. Earl Pardee et al., petitioners, v. The United States of
America. The motion for leave to proceed on the typewritten record
is granted. The petition for writs of certiorari to the Circuit Court
of Appeals for the Sixth Circuit is denied. Mr. Justice Murphy is
of opinion that the petition should be granted. Mr. Justice Douglas
took no part in the consideration or decision of this application.
No. 771. Charles Telfian, petitioner, v. The United States of Amer-
ica. On petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of Appeals
for the Sixth Circuit;
No. 891. Earl Watson, petitioner, v. Alfred F. Dowd, Warden, In-
diana State Prison; and
No. 898. Chester Taylor, petitioner, v. Alfred F. Dowd, Warden,
Indiana State Prison. On petitions for writs of certiorari to the
Supreme Court of Indiana;
No. 899. Fred Dugan et al., petitioners, v. Joseph E. Ragen et al.,
etc.;
No. 900. George Smith, petitioner, v. Joseph E. Ragen, Warden,
etc.;
No. 901. Howard O. Bonham, petitioner, v. Joseph E. Ragen, War-
den, etc.;
No. 902. Paul Stockey, petitioner, v. Joseph E. Ragen, Warden,
etc.;
No. 903. Arthur Shelling, petitioner, v. Joseph E. Ragen, Warden,
etc.;
No. 904. Charles Gunther, petitioner, v. Joseph E. Ragen, Warden,
etc.;
No. 917. Carl Anderson, petitioner, v. Joseph E. Ragen, Warden,
etc.;
No. 918. Tony Lullo, petitioner, v. Joseph E. Ragen, Warden, etc.;
No. 919. Roy Hogmire, petitioner, v. Joseph E. Ragen, Warden,.
etc.; and
No. 920. Carlos R. Lashbrook, petitioner, v. T. P. Sullivan, Di-
rector of Public Safety, etc. On petitions for writs of certiorari to the
Supreme Court of Illinois; and

MONDAY, MAY 1, 1944
201
No. 762. William Ray Butsch, petitioner, v. Omar O'Harrow, as
Special Judge, etc. On petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit
Court of Appeals for the Seventh Circuit. The motions for leave to
proceed in forma pauperis are granted. The petitions for writs of
certiorari are severally denied.
The Chief Justice said:
"The Court will take a recess at 1 o'clock to enable the justices to
attend the funeral of Mr. Secretary Knox and will reconvene at 3
o'clock or shortly thereafter."
No. 845. The United States of America et al., appellants, v. The
Pennsylvania Railroad Company et al.; and
No. 846. The Pennsylvania Railroad Company et al., appellants, v.
The United States of America et al. Returns to the rule to show cause
presented.
No. 569. R. J. Thomas, appellant, v. H. W. Collins, Sheriff of
Travis County, Texas. Argued by Mr. Lee Pressman and Mr. Ernest
Goodman for the appellant and by Mr. Fagan Dickson for the appellee.
Motion to file amended transcript and for an order requiring appellant
to give recognizance submitted by Mr. Fagan Dickson for the appellee.
Adjourned until tomorrow at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Tuesday, May 2, will be as follows: Nos. 793 and
767.

TUESDAY, MAY 2, 1944
202
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: The Chief Justice, Mr. Justice Roberts, Mr. Justice Black,
Mr. Justice Reed, Mr. Justice Frankfurter, Mr. Justice Douglas, Mr.
Justice Murphy, Mr. Justice Jackson, and Mr. Justice Rutledge.
George Moskowitz, of New York City; Eugene Sherrod, Jr., of
Wichita Falls, Tex.; Byron S. Miller, of Chicago, Ill.; Jeremiah C.
Waterman, of New York City; Hyman Lee Ratner, of Pittsburgh,
Pa.; W. C. Ratliff, of Cooper, Tex.; Herman Tocker, of New York
City; Arthur E. Fay, of Washington, D. C.; and Alfred Moore, of
Hattiesburg, Miss., were admitted to practice.
No. 793. L. P. Steuart & Bro., Inc., petitioner, v. Chester Bowles,
Administrator, Office of Price Administration, et al. Argued by Mr.
Renah F. Camalier for the petitioner and by Mr. Thomas I. Emerson
for the respondent.
No. 767. The Interstate Commerce Commission and Hudson &
Manhattan Railroad Company, appellants, v. The City of Jersey City,
Fred M. Vinson, Stabilization Director, by Chester Bowles, Price Ad-
ministrator. Three hours allowed for oral argument. Argument
commenced by Mr. Edward M. Reidy for the appellant, Interstate
Commerce Commission; and continued by Mr. John F. Finerty for
appellant, Hudson and Manhattan Railroad Company; and by Mr.
Charles Hershenstein for appellee, City of Jersey City.
Adjourned until tomorrow at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Wednesday, May 3, will be as follows: No. 767.
554209-44-81

WEDNESDAY, MAY 3, 1944
203
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: The Chief Justice, Mr. Justice Roberts, Mr. Justice Black,
Mr. Justice Reed, Mr. Justice Frankfurter, Mr. Justice Douglas, Mr.
Justice Murphy, Mr. Justice Jackson, and Mr. Justice Rutledge.
James McEvoy, Jr., of Detroit, Mich.; Balfour S. Jeffrey, of Topeka,
Kans.; Joseph A. Sizoo, of Arlington, Va.; John P. Southmayd, of
Great Falls, Mont.; and Kennett H. Malam, of Ogden, Utah, were
admitted to practice.
No. 767. The Interstate Commerce Commission and Hudson & Man-
hattan Railroad Company, appellants, v. The City of Jersey City,
Fred M. Vinson, Economic Stabilization Director, etc. Argument
continued by Mr. David F. Cavers for the appellee, Fred M. Vinson,
Economic Stabilization Director, and concluded by Mr. John F.
Finerty for the appellant, Hudson & Manhattan Railroad Company.
Adjourned until Monday, May 8, next, at 12 o'clock.
☑
"
!!
il
"
'
1
i
554209-44-
-82

MONDAY, MAY 8, 1944
204
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: The Chief Justice, Mr. Justice Roberts, Mr. Justice Black,
Mr. Justice Reed, Mr. Justice Frankfurter, Mr. Justice Douglas, Mr.
Justice Murphy, Mr. Justice Jackson, and Mr. Justice Rutledge.
Joseph Vernon Hodgson, of Honolulu, Hawaii; Charles Howard
Harry, Jr., of Norristown, Pa.; Joseph Edward Casey, of Boston,
Mass.; Eugene T. Kinnaly, of Washington, D. C.; John C. Harring-
ton, of Washington, D. C.; Richard H. Cloyd, of Norman, Okla.;
Eugene T. Brennan, of Elizabeth, N. J.; Eugene P. Lacy, of Boone-
ville, Miss.; Otto Rohwer, of Sacramento, Calif.; Clyde R. Ellis, of
Anchorage, Alaska; Charles H. Wills, of South Bend, Ind.; John E.
Owens, of Chicago, Ill.; Thomas L. Owens, of Chicago, Ill.; Vincent.
G. Rinn, of Chicago, Ill.; Robert D. Blasier, of Pittsburgh, Pa.;
William E. Miller, of Pittsburgh, Pa.; Amos T. Hall, of Tulsa, Okla.;
Effie Crittenden Dunstan, of Montgomery, Ala.; Albert Philipson,
of Washington, D. C.; Austin S. Phillips, of Larchmont, N. Y.; Ed-
ward R. Schoen, of St. Albans, N. Y.; Green Rayner Gaillard, of
Meridian, Miss.; George B. Gose, of Los Angeles, Calif.; John Martin
Evans, of Boulder, Colo.; Carlton G. Nelson, of Grand Forks, N. Dak.;
Margaret L. Fassig, of Kansas City, Mo.; Margaret M. Farmer, of
Washington, D. C.; William I. Horner, of Arlington, Va.; A. Holly
Patterson, of Hempstead, N. Y.; Herbert Sharfman, of Allentown,
Pa.; Henry O. Eversole, Jr., of Los Angeles, Calif.; Elliott M. Weiner,
of Monroe, N. Y.; Percy Bateman Ennis, of Washington, D. C.;
Joseph F. Smith, of Cleveland, Ohio; Frank Syer Barrett, of San
Francisco, Calif.; Joseph Gustave Werner, of Madison, Wis.; Samuel
B. Lesser, of Newark, N. J.; Myron L. Levy, of Somerville, N. J.;
Markus S. Simon, of Detroit, Mich.; and Edward Stern, of Boston,
Mass., were admitted to practice.
No. 9. Original. The State of Kansas, complainant, v. The State
of Missouri. Land in dispute awarded to Missouri and boundary will
be fixed as the master has recommended in his report. A decree will
be entered accordingly. Opinion by Mr. Justice Rutledge.
No. 291. Union Brokerage Company, petitioner, v. Norman G.
Jensen and Curtis M. Rime. On writ of certiorari to the Supreme.
Court of the State of Minnesota. Judgment affirmed with costs and
cause remanded to said Supreme Court. Opinion by Mr. Justice
554209-44--83

MONDAY, MAY 8, 1944
205
Frankfurter. Dissenting: Mr. Justice Jackson and Mr. Justice Rut-
ledge.
No. 453. The United States et al., appellants, v. Wabash Railroad
Company et al. Appeal from the District Court of the United States
for the Southern District of Illinois. Petition for rehearing denied.
Opinion by Mr. Chief Justice Stone.
The Chief Justice announced the following orders of the Court:
No. 613. American Seating Company, petitioner, v. Lucian T. Zell.
On writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of Appeals for the Second
Circuit. Per curiam: In this case two members of the Court think
that the judgment of the Circuit Court of Appeals should be affirmed.
Seven are of opinion that the judgment should be reversed and the
judgment of the District Court affirmed-four because proof of the
contract alleged in respondent's affidavits on the motion for summary
judgment is precluded by the applicable state parol evidence rule,
and three because the contract is contrary to public policy and void,
see Tool Company v. Norris, 2 Wall. 45, 54; Hazelton v. Sheckells,
202 U. S. 71, 79%; Executive Order No. 9001, Tit. II, par. 5, 6 Fed.
Reg. 6788; War Department Procurement Regulations, 10 Code Fed.
Reg. (Cum. Supp.) sec. 81.1181. The judgment of the Circuit Court
of Appeals is reversed.
No. 598. Bernard G. McGuire, petitioner, v. Walter A. Hunter,
Warden, etc. On petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of
Appeals for the Tenth Circuit. Per curiam: The motions for leave to
proceed in forma pauperis and to add to the record the order of the
District Court for the Western District of Michigan, dated April 7,
1944, are granted. The petition for writ of certiorari is also granted.
In view of the new issues raised by the order of April 7, 1944, and
with the consent of the Solicitor General, the judgments of the Cir-
cuit Court of Appeals and of the District Court are vacated, and the
cause is remanded to the District Court, with leave to each party to
present further evidence upon the material issues of the case.
No. 936. Albert R. House, appellant, v. Nathan Mayo, State Prison
Custodian. Appeal from the Supreme Court of Florida. Per curiam:
The motion for leave to proceed in forma pauperis is granted. The
appeal is dismissed for want of jurisdiction. Section 237 (a), Judicial
Code, as amended, 28 U. S. C., sec. 344 (a). Treating the papers
whereon the appeal was allowed as a petition for writ of certiorari as
required by section 237 (c) of the Judicial Code as amended, 28.
U. S. C., sec. 344 (c), certiorari is denied.
No. James M. Smith, appellant, v. Dr. M. J. Pescor, Warden.
The petition for appeal is denied.

MONDAY, MAY 8, 1944
206
No. . Ex parte Stanley B. Peplowski, petitioner. The motion,
for leave to file petition for writs of habeas corpus and mandamus is
denied.
No.
-.
Ex parte Harold D. Reed, petitioner. The motion for leave
to file petition for writ of mandamus is denied.
No.. Ex parte Raymond Jones, petitioner; and
No. Ex parte Clarence Williams, petitioner. The motions for
leave to file petitions for writs of habeas corpus are denied.
No. 932. Mitsuye Endo v. Milton Eisenhower, Director, etc. In ac-
cordance with section 239 of the Judicial Code (28 U. S. C., section
346), it is ordered that the entire record in this case be certified up to
this Court so that the whole matter in controversy may be considered
by the Court. The case is assigned for argument immediately fol-
lowing the hearing of No. 679.
No. 845. The United States of America et al., appellants, v. The
Pennsylvania Railroad Company et al.; and
No. 846. The Pennsylvania Railroad Company et al., appellants, v.
The United States of America et al. In these cases the rule to show
cause is discharged and probable jurisdiction is noted.
No. 880. The Associated Press et al., appellants, v. The United
States of America;
No. 881. Tribune Company and Robert Rutherford McCormick,
appellants, v. The United States of America; and
No. 882. The United States of America, appellant, v. The Asso-
ciated Press et al. In these cases probable jurisdiction is noted.
No. 847. The Western Union Telegraph Company, petitioner, v.
Katharine F. Lenroot, Chief of the Children's Bureau, etc. Peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of Appeals for the
Second Circuit granted.
No. 815. Philip Zalkind, petitioner, v. Sol Scheinman et al. Peti-
tion for writ or certiorari to the Circuit Court of Appeals for the
Second Circuit denied.
No. 819. Illinois Central Railroad Company, petitioner, v. Wesley
C. Kelley. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of
Missouri denied.
No. 820. James J. Laughlin, petitioner, v. Leslie C. Garnett et al.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals.
for the District of Columbia denied.
No. 830. Melvin Hyman, as Trustee, etc., et al., petitioners, v. R. W.
McLendon et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court
of Appeals for the Fourth Circuit denied.
No. 831. Maceo Thomas, petitioner, v. State of Kansas. Petition
for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Kansas denied.

MONDAY, MAY 8, 1944
207
No. 836. Ira J. McCullough, petitioner, v. Kammerer Corporation
et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of Appeals
for the Ninth Circuit denied.
No. 840. Claire A. Pekras, petitioner, v. Commissioner of Internal
Revenue; and
No. 841. John Pekras, petitioner, v. Commissioner of Internal
Revenue. Petition for writs of certiorari to the Circuit Court of
Appeals for the Sixth Circuit denied.
No. 842. James P. Dovel and James P. Dovel & Company, Inc., peti-
tioners v. Sloss-Sheffield Steel & Iron Company. Petition for writ
of certiorari to the Circuit Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit
denied.
No. 850. Orange Theatre Corporation, petitioner, v. Harry Brandt,
et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of Appeals
for the Third Circuit denied.
No. 851. Rowan Cotton Mills Company, petitioner, v. Commis-
sioner of Internal Revenue. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
Circuit Court of Appeals for the Fourth Circuit denied.
No. 858. Santly Brothers, Inc., petitioner, v. W. A. Wilkie, some-
times known as Bud Wilkie. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
Circuit Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit denied.
No. 728. Paysoff Tinkoff, Individually, etc., et al., petitioners, v.
West Publishing Company et al. The motion for leave to proceed
on typewritten papers is granted. Petition for writ of certiorari
to the Circuit Court of Appeals for the Seventh Circuit denied.
No. 740. William Barber, petitioner, v. The United States of
America. On petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of
Appeals for the Fourth Circuit;
No. 834. Jacob Segal, petitioner, v. The People of the State of New
Jersey. On petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of
New Jersey; and
No. 860. Clarence Bertrand, petitioner, v. People of the State of
Illinois. On petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court
of Illinois. The motions for leave to proceed in forma pauperis
are granted. The petitions for writs of certiorari are denied.
No. 835. Edward Blaine Chalfonte, petitioner, v. Herbert A. Smith,
Warden, Eastern State Penitentiary. The motion for leave to pro-
ceed in forma pauperis is granted. The petition for writ of certiòrari
to the Supreme Court of Pennsylvania is denied for the reason that
application therefor was not made within the time provided by law.
Section 8 (a), Act of February 13, 1925 (43 Stat. 936, 940), 28 U. S. C.,
sec. 350.
No.. Ex parte Mary B. Betz, petitioner;

MONDAY, MAY 8, 1944
208
No. 75. The United States, petitioner, v. Algernon Blair, Indi-
vidually, etc.;
No. 561. William Mitchell, petitioner, v. The United States of
America;
No. 694. Emmet H. Bozel, petitioner, v. The United States of
America;
No. 724. Clyde H. Walker, petitioner, v. P. J. Squier, Warden, etc.;
No. 774. Jack Barg, petitioner, v. The People of the State of Illi-
nois; and
No. 794. Abraham S. Ratner, appellant, v. The People of the State
of California. Petitions for rehearing denied.
No. 51. Lonnie E. Smith, petitioner, v. S. E. Allwright, Election
Judge, et al. Petitions for reheàring denied.
No. 499. Patricia R. O'Brien, petitioner, v. Edwin J. O'Brien, Jr.,
et al. Petition for rehearing denied. Mr. Justice Murphy took no
part in the consideration or decision of this application.
No. 1064. October Term, 1942. Milton Prebyl, appellant, v. The
Prudential Insurance Company of America and John S. Callan; and
No. 617. Henry E. Terrell, petitioner, v. Dr. M. J. Pescor, Warden,
etc. Second petitions for rehearing denied.
ORDER
The Court will take a recess from today until Monday, May 15, from
that day until Monday, May 22, and from that day until Monday, May
29, upon which day it will adjourn for the term unless otherwise
ordered.
No motions, except motions for admission to practice, will be re-
ceived after the session next before the date fixed for adjournment
of the term.
Adjourned until Monday, May 15 next at 12 o'clock.
✓

MONDAY, MAY 15, 1944
209
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: The Chief Justice, Mr. Justice Roberts, Mr. Justice Black,
Mr. Justice Reed, Mr. Justice Frankfurter, Mr. Justice Douglas, Mr.
Justice Murphy, Mr. Justice Jackson, and Mr. Justice Rutledge.
Leonard G. Muse, Roanoke, Va.; Frank W. Rogers, of Roanoke,
Va.; Bob N. Massengale, of Maysfield, Tex.; J. Henry King, of Dallas,
Tex.; Max H. Margolis, of San Francisco, Calif.; Evelyn Lincoln
Archer, of Rockport, Tex.; Martin D. Jacob, of New York City;
Robert E. Ennis, of Capitol Heights, Md.; Henderson H. Carson, of
Canton, Ohio; Ruth C. Laubinger, of Washington, D. C.; Donald
B. Anderson, of Caldwell, Idaho; Albert C. Mittendorf, Jr., of
Toledo, Ohio; Alfred J. Cilella, of Chicago, Ill.; William G. Mc-
Carthy, of Manchester, N. H.; Lawrence E. Irell, of Los Angeles,
Calif.; Kenneth M. Landis, of Logansport, Ind.; Dennis J. Collins,
of De Kalb, Ill.; William M. Rains, of Los Angeles, Calif.; and
Eugene M. Berger, of Los Angeles, Calif., were admitted to practice.
No. 559. Hans Pete Mortensen and Lorraine Mortensen, petitioners,
v. The United States of America. On writ of certiorari to the United
States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Eighth Circuit. Judgment
reversed and cause remanded to the District Court of the United States
for the District of Nebraska for further proceedings in conformity
with the opinion of this Court. Opinion by Mr. Justice Murphy. Dis-
senting opinion by Mr. Chief Justice Stone in which Mr. Justice Black,
Mr. Justice Reed, and Mr. Justice Douglas join.
No. 355. International Harvester Company and International Har-
vester Company of America, appellants, v. Department of Treasury
of the State of Indiana et al., etc. Appeal from the Supreme Court
of the State of Indiana. Judgment affirmed with costs. Opinion
by Mr. Justice Douglas. Dissenting: Mr. Justice Jackson. Mr.
Justice Roberts took no part in the consideration or decision of this
case. Concurring opinion by Mr. Justice Rutledge.
No. 648. The United States of America, petitioner, v. D. B. Hel-
lard. On writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of
Appeals for the Tenth Circuit. Judgment reversed and cause re-
Imanded to the District Court of the United States for the Northern
District of Oklahoma for further proceedings in conformity with the
opinion of this Court. Opinion by Mr. Justice Douglas.
554209-44- -84

MONDAY, MAY 15, 1944
210
No. 33. Northwest Airlines, Inc., petitioner, v. State of Minnesota.
On writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of the State of Minnesota.
Judgment affirmed with costs. Conclusion and judgment announced.
by Mr. Justice Frankfurter. Concurring opinion by Mr. Justice
Jackson. Concurring opinion by Mr. Justice Black. Dissenting
opinion by Mr. Chief Justice Stone in which Mr. Justice Roberts, Mr.
Justice Reed, and Mr. Justice Rutledge join.
No. 311. Murray B. McLeod, Commissioner of Revenues of the
State of Arkansas, petitioner, v. J. E. Dilworth Company and Reich-
man-Crosby Company. On writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court
of the State of Arkansas. Judgment affirmed with costs. Opinion
by Mr. Justice Frankfurter. Dissenting opinion by Mr. Justice Rut-
ledge. Dissenting opinion by Mr. Justice Douglas in which Mr.
Justice Black and Mr. Justice Murphy concur.
No. 441. General Trading Company, a corporation doing business
as Minneapolis Iron Store, petitioner, v. State Tax Commission of the
State of Iowa. On writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of the
State of Iowa. Judgment affirmed with costs. Opinion by Mr. Jus-
tice Frankfurter. Concurring opinion by Mr. Justice Rutledge. Dis-
senting opinion by Mr. Justice Jackson in which Mr. Justice Roberts
joins.
No. 130. Bessie P. Douglas, petitioner, v. Commissioner of Internal
Revenue;
No. 131. Bessie P. Douglas, petitioner, v. Commissioner of Internal
Revenue;
No. 132. Estate of Charles H. Robinson, Northwestern National
Bank and Trust Company of Minneapolis, et al., etc., petitioners, v.
Commissioner of Internal Revenue; and
No. 133. Bernice B. Dalrymple, petitioner, v. Commissioner of In-
ternal Revenue. On writs of certiorari to the United States Circuit
Court of Appeals for the Eighth Circuit. Judgment in No. 131 af-
firmed by an equally divided Court. Judgments in Nos. 130, 132,
and 133, affirmed and cases remanded to the said Circuit Court of
Appeals. Opinion by Mr. Justice Reed. Mr. Justice Jackson took
no part in the consideration or decision of these cases. Dissenting
opinion by Mr. Justice Rutledge in which Mr. Justice Murphy joins.
No. 398. Hazel-Atlas Glass Company, petitioner, v. Hartford-Em-
pire Company. On writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit
Court of Appeals for the Third Circuit. Judgment reversed with
costs and cause remanded to the said Circuit Court of Appeals for
further proceedings in conformity with the opinion of this Court.
Opinion by Mr. Justice Black. Dissenting opinion by Mr. Justice
Roberts in which Mr. Justice Reed and Mr. Justice Frankfurter
join. Mr. Chief Justice Stone agrees with the result suggested in
the dissent of Mr. Justice Roberts.
1

MONDAY, MAY 15, 1944
211
No. 423. Shawkee Manufacturing Company, Glen-Shaw Glass
Company, et al., petitioners, v. Hartford-Empire Company. On writ
of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the
Third Circuit. Judgment reversed with costs and cause remanded to
the said Circuit Court of Appeals for further proceedings in con-
formity with the opinion of this Court. Opinion by Mr. Justice
Black. Dissenting opinion by Mr. Justice Roberts in which Mr.
Justice Reed and Mr. Justice Frankfurter join. Mr. Chief Justice
Stone agrees with the result suggested in the dissent of Mr. Justice
Roberts.
No. 628. Frank L. Huddleston, M. A. Stewart, et al., petitioners,
v. R. H. Dwyer, T. G. Meister, Brunette Daniels, et al. On writ of
certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the
Tenth Circuit. Judgment vacated without costs to either party and
cause remanded to the said Circuit Court of Appeals so that it may
reconsider its decision in the light of the decisions and opinions of the
Supreme Court of Oklahoma in the Wilson and later cases. Opinion,
per curiam, announced by Mr. Chief Justice Stone.
The Chief Justice said:
"The orders of the Court appear upon the list certified by the Chief
Justice and filed with the Clerk and will not be announced orally."
No. Ex parte Monroe D. Neely, petitioner. The motion for
leave to file petition for writ of habeas corpus is denied.
-
No. Harold Lewis Browder, appellant, v. The United States
of America. Petition for appeal denied for want of jurisdiction to
entertain it.
No. 569. R. J. Thomas, appellant, v. H. W. Collins, Sheriff, etc.
The motion of appellee for leave to file an amended transcript is
granted. The motion of appellee for an order requiring appellant.
to give recognizance is denied.
No. 786. Edward M. Winston, petitioner, v. Thomas J. Courtney,
State's Attorney, County of Cook, etc., et al. The motion of petitioner
to extend the time to file petition for rehearing is granted and the time
is extended to and including May 25 next.
No. 7. Hartford-Empire Company et al., appellants, v. The United
States of America;
No. 8. Corning Glass Works et al., appellants, v. The United States
of America;
No. 9. Owens-Illinois Glass Company et al., appellants, v. The
United States of America;

MONDAY, MAY 15, 1944
212
No. 10. Hazel-Atlas Glass Company et al., appellants, v. The United
States of America;
No. 11. Thatcher Manufacturing Company et al., appellants, v.
The United States of America;
No. 12. Lynch Corporation et al., appellants, v. The United States
of America;
No. 13. Ball Brothers Company et al., appellants, v. The United
States of America;
No. 14. Glass Container Association of America, Inc., et al., appel- -
lants, v. The United States of America;
No. 15. Isaac J. Collins, appellant, v. The United States of Amer-
ica; and
No. 16. T. C. Fulton et al., appellants, v. The United States of
America.
These cases are restored to the docket and assigned for reargument
during the first week of argument in the October Term, 1944.
The Court does not desire further argument concerning the District
Court's findings of violation of the Sherman Act and the Clayton Act.
The Court desires further argument respecting the propriety of the
terms and provisions of the interlocutory decree and the final decree
entered by the District Court, as those provisions apply to the corpo-
rate and individual appellants respectively.
It will aid the Court if counsel will specify the numbered paragraphs
of the decree to which each appellant, corporate or individual, objects;
and if objections common to several defendants are jointly briefed and
argued.
No. 857. Stella Barber, petitioner, v. B. George Barber. Petition
for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Tennessee granted.
No. 855. The Dow Chemical Company, petitioner, v. Halliburton
Oil Well Cementing Company; and
No. 895. Halliburton Oil Well Cementing Company, petitioner, v.
The Dow Chemical Company. Petitions for writs of certiorari to the
Circuit Court of Appeals for the Sixth Circuit granted.
No. 785. Wilbur V. Keegan, petitioner, v. The United States of
America; and
No. 821. Gerhard Wilhelm Kunze et al., petitioners, v. The United
States of America. The motions for leave to proceed in forma pauperis
are granted. Petitions for writs of certiorari to the Circuit Court of
Appeals for the Second Circuit granted and the Court directs that the
expense of printing the record be paid by the United States, pursuant
to 28 U. S. C., sec. 832.

MONDAY, MAY 15, 1944
213
No. 838. Arch S. Rhodes, petitioner, v. The Federal Land Bank of
St. Paul and Federal Farm Mortgage Corporation. Petition for writ
of certiorari to the Circuit Court of Appeals for the Eighth Circuit
denied.
No. 839. L. Metcalfe Walling, Administrator, etc., petitioner, v.
Plymouth Manufacturing Corp. et al. Petition for writ of certiorari
to the Circuit Court of Appeals for the Seventh Circuit denied.
No. 848. Lynbrook Gardens, Inc., petitioner, v. Bernard C. Ullman.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of New York
denied.
No. 849. J. J. Bowman and James S. Bowman, d. b. a. Bowman
Realty Company, petitioner, v. Chester Bowles, Price Administrator.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Emergency Court.
of Appeals denied.
No. 853. Paul J. Bellavance, petitioner, v. Frank Morrow Co., Inc.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of Appeals for the
First Circuit denied.
No. 877. H. Highfill and Valley Credit Company, petitioners, v.
Lulu J. Dilatush. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court
of Appeals for the Eighth Circuit denied.
No. 888. George E. Sullivan, petitioner, v. Eugene Meyer. Peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for
the District of Columbia denied.
No. 893. Helen Van Zile Anthony and William D. Smith, peti-
tioners, v. United States Trust Company of New York. Petition for
writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals of New York denied.
No. 924. Dental Products Company, Inc., petitioner, v. Arthur E.
Smith. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of Appeals
for the Seventh Circuit denied.
No. 817. Raymond E. Beegle, doing business as Beegle Tie Serv-
ice Company, petitioner, v. Charles M. Thompson, as Trustee, etc., et al.
Claude A. Roth, Trustee for Chicago and North Western Railway
Company substituted as a party respondent in the place and stead of
Charles M. Thompson, deceased. Petition for writ of certiorari to
the Circuit Court of Appeals for the Seventh Circuit denied.
No. 946. Steve Ruzon, petitioner, v. James V. Bartley, Judge, et al.
On petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Illinois;
No. 968. James Pappas, petitioner, v. Joseph E. Ragen, Warden,
On petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of
Illinois; and
etc.

MONDAY, MAY 15, 1944
214
No. 734. Hilliard Sanders, petitioner, v. Joseph W. Sanford,
Warden, etc. On petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court
of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit. The motions for leave to proceed in
forma pauperis are granted. The petitions for writs of certiorari are
denied.
No. 658. Walter McDonald, petitioner, v. The United States of
America;
No. 764. Alfred Fenton, petitioner, v. L. Metcalfe Walling, Admin-
istrator, etc.; and
No. 765. Russell G. Smith, petitioner, v. L. Metcalfe Walling, Ad-
ministrator, etc. Petitions for rehearing denied.
No. 606. Claud Nivens, petitioner, v. The United States of Amer-
ica. Second petition for rehearing denied.
Adjourned until Monday, May 22 next, at 12 o'clock.
✓

MONDAY, MAY 22, 1944
215
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES.
Present: The Chief Justice, Mr. Justice Roberts, Mr. Justice Black,
Mr. Justice Reed, Mr. Justice Frankfurter, Mr. Justice Douglas, Mr.
Justice Murphy, Mr. Justice Jackson, and Mr. Justice Rutledge.
Daniel Miller, of Stamford, Conn.; Samuel Eakin Shull, of Strouds-
burg, Pa.; Joseph H. Shull, of Stroudsburg, Pa.; David R. Book-
staver, of East Hampton, N. Y.; William C. Cole, of St. Joseph, Mo.;
Earl W. Mounce, of St. Joseph, Mo.; William P. Elmer, of Salem,
Mo.; Ignatius Donnelly Conroy, of Los Angeles, Calif.; Ray E. Bar-
rickman, of Pine Bluff, Ark.; George W. Robinson, of Merced, Calif.;
Warden L. Noe, of Holton, Kans.; John N. Bradley, of Washington,
D. C.; Lawrence W. Renner, of East Canton, Ohio.; Robert Hollo-
well, Jr., of Danville, Ind.; Ernest Edward Dematatis, of Washing-
ton, D. C.; Harold C. Wilkenfeld, of Brooklyn, N. Y.; Curtis C.
Shears, of New York City; Robert M. Dulin, of Beverly Hills, Calif.;
Joseph Victor Juraszek, of Elizabeth, N. J.; Norman Brand, of Los
Angeles, Calif.; Robert D. Mackenzie, of San Francisco, Calif.; Ade-
laide G. Seip, of Springfield, Ohio; Fae Schaller, of Los Angeles,
Calif.; K. Konfried Otto, of Cincinnati, Ohio; Herbert W. Kiser, of
Cleveland, Ohio; William F. Young, of New York City, George Stone,
of Detroit, Mich.; W. Homer Turner. of New York City; Wm. A.
Onderdonk, of New York City; Abraham Frankel, of Asbury Park,
N. J.; A. Walter Socolow, of New York City; Jerome J. Dunn, of
Ridgewood, N. J.; Ernest W. Goodrich, of Surry, Va.; Orson L. St.
John, of Greenwich, Conn.; John L. Culler, of Arlington, Va.; Grace
Brown Stiles, of Washington, D. C.; Kenneth Dobson Miller, of
Springfield, Mo.; Stewart Holmes, of Cedar Rapids, Iowa; George
Curtis Peck, of Washington, D. C.; F. Gilman Spencer, of Phila-
delphia, Pa.; and Ferd J. Frankenhoff, of St. Joseph, Mo., were
admitted to practice.
No. 463. Lee Arenas, petitioner, v. The United States of America.
On writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals
for the Ninth Circuit. Judgment reversed and cause remanded to
the District Court of the United States for the Southern District of
California for further proceedings in conformity with the opinion
of this Court. Opinion by Mr. Justice Jackson.
No. 317. Crites, Incorporated, petitioner, v. Prudential Insurance
Company of America, Richard Simkins, George Florence. On writ
of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the
Sixth Circuit. Judgment reversed with costs and cause remanded
554209-44- -85

MONDAY, MAY 22, 1944
216
to the District Court of the United States for the Southern District
of Ohio for further proceedings in conformity with the opinion of
this Court. Opinion by Mr. Justice Murphy. Dissenting opinion by
Mr. Justice Roberts.
No. 793. L. P. Steuart & Bro., Inc., petitioner, v. Chester Bowles,
Administrator, Office of Price Administration, et al. On writ of
certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the District of
Columbia. Judgment affirmed and cause remanded to the District
Court of the United States for the District of Columbia. Opinion.
by Mr. Justice Douglas. Dissenting: Mr. Justice Roberts.
No. 634. Kenneth M. Keefe and Wallace D. Bradford, appellants,
v. Earl L. Clark, Drain Commissioner of Oakland County, Michigan,
et al. Appeal from the Supreme Court of the State of Michigan.
Judgment affirmed with costs. Opinion by Mr. Justice Black. Mr.
Justice Roberts concurs in the result. Mr. Justice Murphy took no
part in the consideration or decision of this case.
No. 716. The United States of America, appellant, v. Clyde Saylor,
J. Henderson Brock, et al.; and
No. 717. The United States of America, appellant, v. Clarence
Poer, Sidney Solomon Pope, et al. Appeals from the District Court
of the United States for the Eastern District of Kentucky. Judg-
ments reversed and cases remanded to the District Court of the
United States for the Eastern District of Kentucky for further pro-
ceedings in conformity with the opinion of this Court. Opinion by
Mr. Justice Roberts. Dissenting opinion by Mr. Justice Douglas
in which Mr. Justice Black and Mr. Justice Reed concur.
No. 814. Columbia Gas & Electric Corporation, appellant, v.
American Fuel and Power Company, etc., et al. Appeal from the
District Court of the United States for the District of Kentucky.
Appeal dismissed for want of jurisdiction. Opinion, per curiam, an-
nounced by Mr. Chief Justice Stone.
The Chief Justice announced the following orders of the Court:
No. 942. Rock Island Refining Company, appellant, v. Oklahoma
Tax Commission. Appeal from the Supreme Court of Oklahoma.
Per curiam: The appeal is dismissed for want of a substantial federal
question. (1) U. S. Glue Co. v. Oak Creek, 247 U. S. 321; Matson
Navigation Co. v. State Board, 297 U. S. 441, 443–44; Western Live
Stock v. Bureau of Revenue, 303 U. S. 250, 255. (2) Lawrence v.
State Tax Commission, 286 U. S. 276; New York ex rel. Cohn v. Graves,
300 U. S. 308.
No. 943. State of Texas, ex rel. The City of West University Place
et al., appellants, v. The City of Houston et al. Appeal from the
Supreme Court of Texas. Per curiam: The appeal is dismissed for

MONDAY, MAY 22, 1944
217
191-
want of a substantial federal question. (1) Pawhuska v. Pawhuska
Oil Co., 250 U. S. 394; Trenton v. New Jersey, 262 U. S. 182, 187,
92; Risty v. Chicago, R. I. & Pacific Ry. Co., 270 U. S. 378, 390;
Williams v. Mayor, 289 U. S. 36, 40. (2) King Mfg. Co. v. City
Council of Augusta, 277 U. S. 100, 103-4.
The Chief Justice said:
"The other orders of the Court appear upon the list certified by the
Chief Justice and filed with the Clerk and will not be announced
orally."
No. Rolls-Royce, Inc., petitioner, v. Henry L. Stimson, Secretary
of War. The motion for leave to file petition for writ of prohibition
or mandamus is denied.
No. Ex parte Sylvan Blumenfeld, petitioner. The motion for
leave to file petition for writ of mandamus is denied.
No. Ex parte Raymond Decker, petitioner;
No.. Ex parte John H. Rooney, petitioner;
No. Ex parte Louis B. Ames, petitioner; and
-.
No. People of the United States ex rel. Henry Townsend, peti-
tioner, v. Joseph E. Ragen, Warden, etc. The motions for leave to
file petitions for writs of habeas corpus are denied.
No.. Garfield J. Kelley, petitioner, v. Alfred F. Dowd, Warden.
The motion for leave to file petition for writ of certiorari is denied.
No. 406. Anthony Cramer, petitioner, v. The United States of
America. This case is restored to the docket and assigned for re-
argument during the first week of argument in the October Term,
1944.
The Court does not desire further argument on the admissibility of
evidence or as to the effect of error, if any, in admitting evidence.
Further briefs and argument are desired as to the questions raised
under the treason clause of the Constitution, particularly as to the
meaning of "treason" and of "overt act" and as to the requirement
that such overt acts be proved by testimony of two witnesses; also
as to whether each overt act submitted to the jury complied with
constitutional requirements.
No. 939. Roscoe A. Coffman, appellant, v. Breeze Corporations,
Inc., and The United States of America. Further consideration of
the question of the jurisdiction of this Court in this case is postponed
to the hearing of the case on the merits.
No. 929. The City of Cleveland, appellant, v. The United States of
America et al.; and
No. 930. John J. Boyle, County Treasurer of Cuyahoga County,
et al., appellants, v. The United States of America et al. Further

MONDAY, MAY 22, 1944
218
consideration of the question of the jurisdiction of this Court in these
cases is postponed to the hearing of the cases on the merits.
Counsel are requested to discuss in their briefs and on oral argu-
ment the questions (1) whether sec. 266 of the Judicial Code is prop-
erly applicable to these cases so as to give this Court jurisdiction of
the appeals (compare, e. g., Ex parte Public National Bank, 278 U. S.
96 and Rorick v. Commissioners, 307 U. S. 208, with Spielman Motor
Sales Co. v. Dodge, 295 U. S. 89); and (2) whether the land in con-
troversy would be taxable even if the Federal Housing Act of 1937
were unconstitutional.
No. 701. Claridge Apartments Company, petitioner, v. Commis-
sioner of Internal Revenue; and
No. 702. Claridge Apartments Company, petitioner, v. Commis-
sioner of Internal Revenue. Leave granted to withdraw appearances
of Jesse Andrews and Cornelius E. Lombardi as counsel for peti-
tioner.
No. 724. Clyde H. Walker, petitioner, v. P. J. Squier, Warden,
United States Penitentiary, McNeil Island, Washington. Time
within which to file second petition for rehearing extended to and
including September 1 next.
No. 708. Willard Irwin Singer and Martin H. Singer, petitioners,
v. The United States of America. The order denying certiorari
is vacated and the petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court
of Appeals for the Third Circuit is granted limited to the second
question presented by the petition. The case is transferred to the
summary docket and assigned for argument immediately following
the hearing of Nos. 785 and 821.
No. 873. Pacific Gas and Electric Company, petitioner, v. Securi-
ties and Exchange Commission. Petition for writ of certiorari to
the Circuit Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit granted.
No. 905. Spector Motor Service, Inc., petitioner, v. Charles J. Mc-
Laughlin, Tax Commissioner, et al. Petition for writ of certiorari
to the Circuit Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit granted.
No. 856. J. D. Collins, petitioner, v. W. R. Wayland, Jane Way-
land, et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of
Appeals for the Ninth Circuit denied.
No. 876. New England Mutual Life Insurance Company, petitioner,
v. Ruth Cohen, personally, etc., et al. Petition for writ of certiorari
to the Circuit Court of Appeals for the Seventh Circuit denied.
No. 883. Herman H. Grieme, petitioner, v. The United States of
America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of
Appeals for the Third Circuit denied.
No. 884. The United States of America, ex rel. William Henry
Lohrberg, Sr., petitioner, v. Claude O. Nicholson, Warden, et al.

MONDAY, MAY 22, 1944
219
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of Appeals for
the Fourth Circuit denied.
No. 885. The United States of America, ex rel. Ralph Falbo, Sr.,
petitioner, v. M. L. Kennedy, Superintendent, et al. Petition for
writ of certiorari to the Circuit of Appeals for the Fourth Circuit
denied.
No. 886. Charles Milburn Clayton, petitioner, v. The United States
of America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of
Appeals for the Fourth Circuit denied.
No. 887. Thomas Howard Stull, petitioner, v. The United States
of America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of
Appeals for the Fourth Circuit denied.
No. 889. Lenore S. Robinette, petitioner, v. Commissioner of In-
ternal Revenue. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court
of Appeals for the Sixth Circuit denied.
No. 894. Walter Judson Lundgren, petitioner, v. The United States
of America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of
Appeals for the Ninth Circuit denied.
No. 897. Henry I. Warden, petitioner, v. City of St. Louis, Mis-
souri. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of Appeals
for the Eighth Circuit denied.
No. 906. Walter Scott Watson, petitioner, v. Massachusetts Mutual
Life Insurance Company; and
No. 907. Kenneth Nicoll Watson, petitioner, v. Massachusetts
Mutual Life Insurance Company. Petition for writs of certiorari
to the United States Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia.
denied.
No. 908. George Lawley & Son Corporation, petitioner, v. Charles
J. South. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of Ap-
peals for the First Circuit denied.
No. 909. Phoenix-El Paso Express, Inc., petitioner, v. National
Carloading Corporation. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Su-
preme Court of Texas denied.
No. 911. Chicago & Eastern Illinois Railroad Company and Wa-
bash Railroad Company, petitioners, v. Grand Trunk Western Rail-
road Company, et al.;
No. 912. Chicago & Eastern Illinois Railroad Company and Wa-
bash Railroad Company, petitioners, v. Grand Trunk Western Rail-
road Company, et al.; and
No. 913. Chicago & Eastern Illinois Railroad Company and Wa-
bash Railroad Company, petitioners, v. Grand Trunk Western Rail-
road Company, et al. Petition for writs of certiorari to the Circuit
Court of Appeals for the Seventh Circuit denied.

MONDAY, MAY 22, 1944
220
No. 916. Berkshire Knitting Mills, petitioner, v. National Labor
Relations Board. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court
of Appeals for the Third Circuit denied.
No. 921. The City of New York, petitioner, v. Brooklyn Eastern
District Terminal. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court
of Appeals for the Second Circuit denied.
No. 938. W. E. Valliant Co., Inc., petitioner, v. Rayonier, Inc. Pe-
tition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of Appeals for the
Fourth Circuit denied.
No. 854. Foy O. Wilemon and Amos E. Wilemon, doing business
under the trade name of Good Luck Oil Company, a partnership, peti-
tioners, 2. Chester Bowles, Administrator, etc. Petition for writ of
certiorari to the Circuit Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 654. Arthur Lee Flynn, petitioner, v. The United States of
America. On petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of
Appeals for the Ninth Circuit;
No. 828. George Phillips, petitioner, v. The People of the State of
New York. On petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals
of New York;
No. 910. John Richard Bayless, petitioner, v. The United States of
America. On petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of
Appeals for the Ninth Circuit;
No. 978. William Tekson, petitioner, v. The State of Michigan.
On petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Michigan;
No. 979. George Page, petitioner, v. Joseph E. Ragen, Warden, etc.
On petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Illinois;
No. 980. Edwin Lyons, petitioner, v. Joseph E. Ragen, Warden, etc.
On petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Illinois;
No. 981. Mario Vinci, petitioner, v. The People of the State of Illi-
nois. On petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of
Illinois;
No. 984. Corinne C. Waterman, petitioner, v. Lillie B. McMillan
and Harry S. Wender. On petition for writ of certiorari to the United
States Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia; and
No. 994. Frederick P. Haines, petitioner, v. The State of Missouri.
On petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Missouri.
The motions for leave to proceed in forma pauperis are granted. The
petitions for writs of certiorari are denied.
No. 861. Edmond C. Fletcher, petitioner, v. A. Esther Wool and
Joseph C. Wool, Administrator, etc.;
No. 862. Edmond C. Fletcher, petitioner, v. Willard R. Cook &
Company, Inc., et al.;
No. 863. Edmond C. Fletcher, petitioner, v. D. H. Goodman,
Incorporated;

MONDAY, MAY 22, 1944
221
No. 864. Edmond C. Fletcher, petitioner, v. A. E. Krise, Receiver,
etc., et al.;
No. 865. Edmond C. Fletcher, petitioner, v. Kate R. Barron, 'as 'an
Individual, et al.;
No. 866. Edmond C. Fletcher, petitioner, v. National Bank of Com-
merce of Norfolk;
No. 867. Edmond C. Fletcher, petitioner, v. National Bank of Com-
merce of Norfolk, et al.; and
No. 868. Edmond C. Fletcher, petitioner, v. William G. Maupin.
The motions for leave to proceed in forma pauperis are granted.
Petitions for writs of certiorari to the Circuit Court of Appeals for
the Fourth Circuit denied. Mr. Justice Jackson and Mr. Justice Rut-
ledge took no part in the consideration or decision of these applications.
No. 931. The United States of America ex rel. Gene McCann, peti-
tioner, v. E. E. Thompson, Warden, etc., et al. The motion for leave
to proceed in forma pauperis is granted. Petition for writ of certi-
orari to the Circuit Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit denied.
Petitioner's applications for other relief are also denied.
No.. Ex parte Stanley B. Peplowski, petitioner;
No. 336. National Labor Relations Board, petitioner, v. Hearst
Publications, Incorporated;
No. 337. National Labor Relations Board, petitioner, v. Stock-
holders Publishing Company, Inc.;
No. 338. National Labor Relations Board, petitioner, v. Hearst
Publications, Incorporated;
No. 339. National Labor Relations Board, petitioner, v. The Times-
Mirror Company;
No. 771. Charles Telfian, petitioner, v. The United States of Amer-
ica; and
No. 822. Henry Long, petitioner, v. Ralph E. Benson. Petitions
for rehearing denied.
No. 73. Nick Falbo, petitioner, v. The United States of America.
The motion for leave to file a second petition for rehearing is granted.
The motion to recall the mandate is denied. The second petition for
rehearing is also denied.
No. 335. Wildon Lloyd, petitioner, v. United States Fidelity &
Guaranty Company. The second petition for rehearing is denied.
No. 545. Fred Schroepfer, Charles R. Schroepfer, and Abraham
Berry, petitioners, v. The A. S. Abell Company, Inc.; and
No. 703. Raymond W. Nichols, petitioner, v. The United States
Circuit Court of Appeals for the Seventh Circuit. The motions for
leave to file petitions for rehearing are granted. The petitions for
rehearing are denied.

MONDAY, MAY 22, 1944
222
No. 896. Henry Huber and Frank Huber, petitioners, v. M. T.
Moran. On petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of
Appeals for the Eighth Circuit. Dismissed on motion of counsel for
the petitioners.
No. 967. Walter Bachrach, as Trustee in Bankruptcy of Common-
wealth Light and Power Company, petitioner v. Central Hanover
Bank & Trust Co., as Trustee, etc. On petition for writ of certiorari to
the Circuit Court of Appeals for the Seventh Circuit. Dismissed on
motion of counsel for the petitioner.
Adjourned until Monday, May 29 next, at 12 o'clock.
☑

MONDAY, MAY 29, 1944
223
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: The Chief Justice, Mr. Justice Roberts, Mr. Justice Reed,
Mr. Justice Frankfurter, Mr. Justice Douglas, Mr. Justice Murphy,
Mr. Justice Jackson, and Mr. Justice Rutledge.
Wendell W. Black, of Seattle, Wash.; George Peyton Robinson, of
Lewisville, Ark.; B. Frank Whelchel, of Gainesville, Ga.; John P.
Naas, of Dayton, Ohio; John M. Sprigg, of Dayton, Ohio; Ralph A.
Argabright, of Dayton, Ohio; Boyd R. Laughlin, of Midland, Tex.;
Jefferson G. Smith, of Austin, Tex.; Herbert G. B. King, of Chatta-
nooga, Tenn.; Cardinal Woolsey, of Chattanooga, Tenn.; Frank P.
Walters, of Terre Haute, Ind.; Samuel R. Feller, of New York City;
Franklin B. Lincoln, Jr., of New York City; Lowell Franklin Ham-
mand, of Chicago, Ill.; George Edward Lindelof, Jr., of Los Angeles,
Calif.; Stanton T. Lawrence, of Rutherford, N. J.; Harmon L. Wat-
kins, of Dallas, Tex.; Gabriel Hawkins Golden, of Dallas, Tex.; Joel
Manuel Hoppenstein, of Dallas, Tex.; John Meredith Davenport, of
San Angelo, Tex.; James Lloyd Derby, of New York City; J. Seymour
Montgomery, Jr., of Princeton, N. J.; George Arthur Blanchet, of
New York City; Hoke Murray, of Richmond, Va.; Samuel Myron
Gurevitz, of Columbus, Ohio; Paul Gordon, of Los Angeles, Calif.;
John Melvin Dickerman, of Chicago, Ill.; Frank J. Berberich, of New
York City; Viva Norma Hunt, of Fair Play, Mo.; William Alfred
Hall, Jr., of Richmond, Va.; Robert Davis Powers, Jr., of Ports-
mouth, Va.; John Wickson Thomas, of San Francisco, Calif.; John
M. Fasoli, of Raritan, N. J.; John S. Griffin, of Arlington, Va.; I.
Arnold Ross, of New York City; Jonathan Foster Hagan, of Arling-
ton, Va.; Kellam Foster, of Chicago, Ill.; Ralph H. Winton, of San
Antonio, Tex.; Thomas C. Mann, of Laredo, Tex.; Carl R. Schulz, of
San Francisco, Calif.; Frederick W. Nixon, of Newark, N. J.; Thomas
Glynn Walker, of Newark, N. J.; Bernard A. Monaghan, of Birming-
ham, Ala.; John Roy Thompson, Jr., of Washington, D. C.; Herbert
A. Baker, of Boston, Mass.; Robert Whittier Dudley, of Hanover,
N. H.; Stanley Worth, of Washington, D. C.; Vincent W. Gallagher,
of Albany, N. Y.; Foster, K. Sistare, of New London, Conn.; James
H. Price, of Greenville, S. C.; George Richardon, Jr., of Bluefield,
W. Va.; Frank M. McDonald, of Scranton, Pa.; Edward T. Connors,
of Mount Vernon, N. Y.; James C. Logan, of Kansas City, Mo.;
George Robertie, of Washington, D. C.; Alexander Jamison, of Wil-
mington, Del.; John Howard Payne, of Oklahoma City, Okla.; John
554209-44--86

MONDAY, MAY 29, 1944
224
Todd Stuart, of Jamaica, N. Y.; Henry J. Vinskey, of Washington,
D. C.; R. Curtis McBroom, of Fort Worth, Tex.; John W. Andrews,
of New York City; and Harold Brown, of Washington, D. C., were
admitted to practice.
No. 565. Wisconsin Gas and Electric Company, petitioner, v. The
United States of America. On writ of certiorari to the United States
Circuit Court of Appeals for the Seventh Circuit. Judgment affirmed
and cause remanded to the District Court of the United States for the
Eastern District of Wisconsin. Opinion by Mr. Justice Rutledge.
Mr. Justice Roberts took no part in the consideration or decision of
this case.
No. 767. The Interstate Commerce Commission and Hudson &
Manhattan Railroad Company, appellants, v. The City of Jersey City,
Fred M. Vinson, Economic Stabilization Director by Chester Bowles,
Price Administrator. Appeal from the District Court of the United
States for the District of New Jersey. Judgment reversed with costs
and cause remanded to the said District Court for further proceedings
in conformity with the opinion of this Court. Opinion by Mr. Justice
Jackson. Mr. Justice Black took no part in the consideration or de-
cision of this case. Dissenting: Mr. Justice Rutledge. Separate opin-
ion by Mr. Justice Douglas in which Mr. Justice Murphy joins.
No. 193. Samuel Feldman, petitioner, v. The United States of
America. On writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of
Appeals for the Second Circuit. Judgment affirmed and cause
remanded to the District Court of the United States for the Southern
District of New York. Opinion by Mr. Justice Frankfurter. Mr.
Justice Murphy and Mr. Justice Jackson took no part in the consider-
ation or decision of this case. Dissenting opinion by Mr. Justice
Black in which Mr. Justice Douglas and Mr. Justice Rutledge join,
announced by Mr. Justice Douglas.
No. 392. Universal Oil Products Company, petitioner, v. Globe Oil
& Refining Company. On writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of
Appeals for the Seventh Circuit. Judgment affirmed with costs and
'cause remanded to the District Court of the United States for the
Northern District of Illinois. Opinion by Mr. Justice Reed.
No. 620. International Harvester Company, appellant, v. Wis-
consin Department of Taxation; and
No. 621. Minnesota Mining and Manufacturing Company, appel-
lant, v. Wisconsin Department of Taxation. Appeals from the Su-
preme Court of the State of Wisconsin. Judgments affirmed with
costs. Opinion by Mr. Chief Justice Stone. Mr. Justice Roberts
took no part in the consideration or decision of these cases. Dissenting
opinion by Mr. Justice Jackson.

MONDAY, MAY 29, 1944
225
No. 349. Carlos M. De Castro, petitioner, v. Board of Commis-
sioners of San Juan. On writ of certiorari to the United States
Circuit Court of Appeals for the First Circuit. Judgment affirmed
with costs and cause remanded to the Supreme Court of Puerto Rico.
Opinion by Mr. Chief Justice Stone.
No. 497. Mario Mercado E Hijos, petitioner, v. Elvira Olivieri
Commins et al. On writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit
Court of Appeals for the First Circuit. Judgment affirmed with costs
and cause remanded to the Supreme Court of Puerto Rico. Opinion
by Mr. Chief Justice Stone.
The Chief Justice said:
"The orders of the Court appear upon the list certified by the Chief
Justice and filed with the Clerk and will not be announced orally."
No. 977. O. Charles Ericksen, appellant, v. John Morrell & Com-
pany. Appeal from the Circuit Court of Minnehaha County, State
of South Dakota. Per curiam: The motion to dismiss is granted
and the appeal is dismissed for want of a properly presented federal
question.
No. 992. William H. A. Weber, appellant, v. Mildred L. Hender-
son, et al., Executrices, etc., et al. Appeal from the Circuit Court in
and for the County of Essex, State of New Jersey. Per curiam: The
motion to dismiss is granted and the appeal is dismissed for want
of a substantial federal question. (1) Memphis v. United States, 97
U. S. 293, 295, 297; McFaddin v. Evans-Snider-Buel Co., 185 U. S. 505,
510–13; Graham & Foster v. Goodcell, 282 U. S. 409, 429–30; Parmino
Lumber Co. v. Marshall, 309 U. S. 370, 377–79. (2) Richmond Corpo-
ration v. Wachovia Bank & Trust Co., 300 U. S. 124, 130–31; Gelfert
v. National City Bank, 313 U. S. 221, 235.
No. 982. Carlo Karloftis et al., appellants, v. James S. Helton, etc.,
et al. Appeal from the Court of Appeals of the Commonwealth of
Kentucky. Per curiam: The motion to dismiss is granted and the
appeal is dismissed for want of jurisdiction. Section 237 (a), Judicial
Code, as amended, 28 U. S. C., sec. 344 (a). Treating the papers
whereon the appeal was allowed as a petition for writ of certiorari as
required by section 237 (c) of the Judicial Code as amended, 28 U. S.
C., sec. 344 (c), certiorari is denied.
No. 1004. Margaret Clarke, Administratrix, etc., appellant, v.
Simon Storchak. Appeal from the Supreme Court of Illinois. Per
curiam: The motion to dismiss is granted and the appeal is dismissed
for want of a substantial federal question. Silver v. Silver, 280
U. S. 117.

MONDAY, MAY 29, 1944
No. Ex parte James Gallagher, petitioner; and
226
No.. Ex parte Alice M. Betts, petitioner. Applications denied.
No.. Ex parte Charles Howerton, petitioner; and
No.. Ex parte Walker Kimler, petitioner. The motions for leave.
to file petitions for writs of habeas corpus are denied.
-
No. Bulldog Electric Products Company, petitioner, v. Hon.
Clarence G. Galston, Judge;
No.
No.
Nathan Boyd, petitioner, v. Dr. Magruder MacDonald;
Nathan Boyd, petitioner, v. Edward M. Curran;
No. ―. Ex parte Carl Mingione, petitioner;
No. Ex parte Daisy D. Wilson, petitioner; and
No.. Katherine Kirkpatrick Abbott, Adm'x, etc., et al., peti-
tioners, v. Honorable Mac Swinford, Judge of the District Court of
the United States for the Western District of Kentucky. The motions
for leave to file petitions for writs of mandamus are denied.
No. 11, original. The State of Illinois, complainant, v. The State
of Indiana et al. The motion of American Maize Products Company
for leave to intervene and to file answer and cross-claim is granted
with leave to any of the parties to reply and without prejudice to any
order or motion to dismiss or strike any part of the intervenor's answer
and cross-claim.
No. 754. Rufus Meshberger and Lelia B. Meshberger, petitioners,
v. The Federal Land Bank of Louisville, Kentucky; and
No. 798. J. S. Garlington and Jennie Lou Garlington, petitioners,
v. A. L. Wasson. Motions denied.
No. 939. Roscoe A. Coffman, appellant, v. Breeze Corporations,
Inc., and The United States of America. The petition for a temporary
injunction, referred to the conference of the Court by Mr. Justice Rob-
erts, is denied.
No. 915. The Northwestern Bands of Shoshone Indians, petitioners,
v. The United States. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of
Claims granted.
No. 927. The Wallace Corporation, petitioner, v. National Labor
Relations Board; and
No. 928. Richwood Clothespin & Dish Worker's Union, petitioner,
v. National Labor Relations Board. Petitions for writs of certiorari
to the Circuit Court of Appeals for the Fourth Circuit granted.
No. 958. Ford Motor Company, petitioner, v. Department of Treas-
ury of the State of Indiana et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
Circuit Court of Appeals for the Seventh Circuit granted.
No. 779. Tom Tunstall, petitioner, v. Brotherhood of Locomotive
Firemen and Enginemen, etc., et al. Petition for writ of certiorari
to the Circuit Court of Appeals for the Fourth Circuit granted.

MONDAY, MAY 29, 1944
227
No. 826. Bester William Steele, petitioner, v. Louisville & Nash-
ville Railroad Company, Brotherhood of Locomotive Firemen and
Enginemen, et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme
Court of Alabama granted.
No. 869. Commissioner of Internal Revenue, petitioner, v. The
Scottish American Investment Company, Ltd.;
No. 870. Commissioner of Internal Revenue, petitioner, v. British
Assets Trust, Limited; and
No. 871. Commissioner of Internal Revenue, petitioner, v. Second
British Assets Trust, Limited. Petition for writs of certiorari to the
Circuit Court of Appeals for the Fourth Circuit granted and the cases
transferred to the summary docket.
No. 925. The United States of America, petitioner, v. Waddill,
Holland & Flinn, Inc., et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
Supreme Court of Appeals of Virginia granted and the case trans-
ferred to the summary docket.
No. 962. The United States of America, petitioner, v. General
Motors Corporation. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit
Court of Appeals for the Seventh Circuit granted and the case trans-
ferred to the summary docket. The Chief Justice and Mr. Justice.
Murphy took no part in the consideration or decision of this applica-
tion.
No. 955. Armour & Company, petitioner, v. Adam Wantock and
Frank Smith. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of
Appeals for the Seventh Circuit granted and the case transferred to
the summary docket and assigned for argument immediately following
No. 218. The Solicitor General is invited to file a brief amicus curiae
if he is so advised.
No. 218. Jim Skidmore et al., petitioners, v. Swift & Company.
The order denying certiorari is vacated and the petition for writ
of certiorari to the Circuit Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit
is granted and the case transferred to the summary docket. The
Solicitor General is invited to file a brief amicus curiae if he is so
advised.
No. 892. D. D. Dennis et al., petitioners, v. J. E. Mabee et al.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of Appeals for the
Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 914. The Pennzoil Company, a corporation of California, et al.,
petitioners, v. Crown Central Petroleum Corporation. Petition for
writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of Appeals for the Fourth
Circuit denied.
No. 923. Welsbach Engineering and Management Corporation,
petitioner, v. Commissioner of Internal Revenue. Petition for writ

MONDAY, MAY 29, 1944
228
of certiorari to the Circuit Court of Appeals for the Third Circuit
denied.
No. 926. The United States of America, ex rel. Louis Jacobs, peti-
tioner, v. John J. Barc, United States Marshal, etc. Petition for writ
of certiorari to the Circuit Court of Appeals for the Sixth Circuit
denied.
No. 933. The Western Union Telegraph Company, petitioner, v.
Commissioner of Internal Revenue. Petition for writ of certiorari
to the Circuit Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit denied.
No. 975. Hartford Fire Insurance Company, petitioner, v. Com-
missioner of Internal Revenue. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
Circuit Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit denied.
No. 934. The Emporium Capwell Company, petitioner, v. Clifford
C. Anglim, Collector of Internal Revenue. Petition for writ of cer-
tiorari to the Circuit Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit denied.
No. 935. Miles Laboratories, Inc., petitioner, v. Federal Trade
Commission, etc., et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United
States Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia denied.
No. 937. Estate of John W. Herbert, deceased, et al., petitioners, v.
Commissioner of Internal Revenue. Petition for writ of certiorari
to the Circuit Court of Appeals for the Third Circuit denied.
No. 945. The Country Garden Market, Inc., petitioner, v. Chester
Bowles, Administrator, Office of Price Administration, et al. Peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for
the District of Columbia denied.
No. 947. Archie C. Davis, petitioner, v. Shell Union Oil Corpora-
tion et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of
Appeals for the Second Circuit denied.
No. 951. Frank Schwarz, per se as agent and for the use and
benefit of Wm. Kotek and Wm. Meroshek, petitioner, v. Witwer Grocer
Company. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of Ap-
peals for the Eighth Circuit denied.
No. 954. James N. Roney and Marguerite C. Roney, petitioners, v.
The Federal Land Bank of Louisville, Kentucky. Petition for writ
of certiorari to the Circuit Court of Appeals for the Seventh Circuit
denied.
No. 960. Standard Knitting Mills, Inc., petitioner, v. Commis-
sioner of Internal Revenue. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Cir-
cuit Court of Appeals for the Sixth Circuit denied.
No. 964. First National Bank in West Union, West Virginia, peti-
tioner, v. American Surety Company of New York. Petition for writ
of certiorari to the Circuit Court of Appeals for the Fourth Circuit
denied.

MONDAY, MAY 29, 1944
229
No. 966. Warner's Renowned Remedies Company, petitioner, v.
Federal Trade Commission. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
United States Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia, denied.
No. 970. Richter's Bakery, petitioner, v. National Labor Relations
Board. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of Appeals
for the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 971. National Bank of Middleboro and H. C. Williams, Suc-
cessor Assignee, etc., petitioners, v. The United States of America.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of Appeals for the
Sixth Circuit denied.
No. 972. Louisville Property Company, H. C. Williams, Assignee,
petitioner, v. Commissioner of Internal Revenue. Petition for writ
of certiorari to the Circuit Court of Appeals for the Sixth Circuit
denied.
No. 974. Basil Goulandris et al., doing business as Goulandris Bros.,
petitioners, v. The American Tobacco Company, et al. Petition for
writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of Appeals for the Second Cir-
cuit denied.
No. 997. Hideyoshi Nagayama, petitioner, v. Shokuwan Shimabu-
kuro. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of
Appeals for the District of Columbia denied.
No. 953. James M. Crume, petitioner, v. Pacific Mutual Life In-
surance Co. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of
Appeals for the Seventh Circuit denied.
No. 956. Mrs. S. W. C. Lumpkin, petitioner, v. Wm. P. Bowers,
Collector of Internal Revenue for the State of South Carolina. Peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of Appeals for the
Fourth Circuit denied.
No. 963. John J. Batterman, petitioner, v. Commissioner of In-
ternal Revenue. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court
of Appeals for the Sixth Circuit denied.
No. 969. Local No. 6167, United Mine Workers of America, etc.,
et al., petitioners, v. Jewell Ridge Coal Corporation. Petition for writ
of certiorari to the Circuit Court of Appeals for the Fourth Circuit
denied.
No. 989. Max Geldzahler, petitioner, v. The United States of Amer-
ica. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of Appeals for
the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 941. The United States of America, ex rel. Winfred William
Lynn, petitioner, v. Colonel John W. Downer, Commanding Officer
at Camp Upton, New York. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
Circuit Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit denied on the ground

MONDAY, MAY 29, 1944
230
that the case is moot, it appearing that petitioner no longer is in
respondent's custody, U. S. ex rel. Innes v. Crystal, 319 U. S. 755, and
cases cited.
No. 950. Otto Gresham, petitioner, v. The Indiana Bar Associa-
tion. The motion for leave to proceed on the typewritten record is
granted. The petition for writ of certiorari to the District Court of
the United States for the Southern District of Indiana or for other
relief is denied.
No. 949. The United States of America, petitioner, v. Los Angeles
and Salt Lake Railroad Company. Petition for writ of certiorari
to the Circuit Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit denied. Mr.
Justice Jackson took no part in the consideration or decision of this
application.
No. 844. Albert Kitzmiller, petitioner, v. Dr. M. J. Pescor, Warden,
etc. On petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of Appeals
for the Eighth Circuit;
No. 985. Howard M. Sharpe, petitioner, v. Commonwealth of Ken-
tucky. On petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of Ap-
peals for the Sixth Circuit;
No. 1001. Eugene Briggs, petitioner, v. The State of Illinois. On
petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Illinois;
No. 1006. John Thompson, petitioner, v. Walter Nierstheimer,
Warden, etc. On petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court
of Illinois;
No. 1007. Robert Moss, petitioner, v. Joseph E. Ragen, Warden,
etc. On petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of
Illinois;
No. 1014. Gusta Kelly, petitioner, v. The People of the State of
Illinois. On petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of
Illinois;
No. 1015. Charles E. Raggio, petitioner, v. Joseph E. Ragen, War-
den, etc. On petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of
Illinois;
No. 1016. Earlie Sampson, petitioner, v. Joseph E. Ragen, Warden,
etc. On petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of
Illinois;
No. 922. O. C. Tomkins, petitioner, v. The State of Missouri. On
petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Missouri; and
No. 1021. Noah P. Rico and Victor H. Hollmann, petitioners, v.
The People of the State of California. On petition for writ of certio-
rari to the District Court of Appeals, 4th Appellate District, State of
California. The motions for leave to proceed in forma pauperis are
granted. The petitions for writs of certiorari are denied.

MONDAY, MAY 29, 1944
231
No. 742. Floyd J. Kesling, petitioner, v. George W. Humphrey,
Warden. The motion for leave to proceed in forma pauperis is granted.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of Appeals for the
Eighth Circuit denied on the ground that the cause is moot, it appear-
ing that petitioner no longer is in respondent's custody.
No. 1017. Vern Miller, petitioner, v. Alfred F. Dowd, Warden, etc.
The motion for leave to proceed in forma pauperis is granted. Peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Indiana denied
without prejudice to the presentation of a petition for writ of habeas
corpus and to a hearing thereon in the appropriate United States
District Court.
No. 948. Wm. H. Fitzpatrick, petitioner, v. W. Nierstheimer,
Warden, etc. The motion for leave to proceed in forma pauperis is
granted. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Illi-
nois denied. The motion for leave to file petition for writ of habeas
corpus is also denied.
No. 835. Edward Blaine Chalfonte, petitioner, v. Herbert A.
Smith, Warden, etc. The petition for rehearing is granted. The order
of May 8th, denying certiorari on the ground that application there-
for was not made within the time provided by law, is vacated. The
petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Pennsylvania
is denied.
No. 871. October Term, 1940. Niagara Hudson Power Corpora-
tion, petitioner, v. James J. Hoey, Collector of Internal Revenue. The
motion for an extension of time within which to apply for a rehearing
is denied. Mr. Justice Douglas and Mr. Justice Jackson took no part
in the consideration or decision of this application.
No. 744. Keneth J. Nelson, petitioner, v. Bert C. Webb, Superin-
tendent, etc. The motion to extend the time to file petition for rehear-
ing is granted and the time is extended to and including September
1st, next.
No. 514. The United States of America, petitioner, v. James P.
Mitchell; and
No. 515. The United States of America, petitioner, v. James P.
Mitchell;
No. 770. Fannie E. Williams, petitioner, v. The United States of
America;
No. 798. J. S. Garlington and Jennie Lou Garlington, petitioners,
v. A. L. Wasson. Petition for rehearing denied.
No. 409. Tennessee Coal, Iron & Railroad
tioners, v. Muscoda Local No. 123, etc., et al.
Company et al., peti-
The motions for leave
to file petitions for rehearing are granted. The petitions for rehear-
ing are denied.
554209-44-
-87

MONDAY, MAY 29, 1944
232
No. 592. Allen Calculators, Inc., appellant, v. The National Cash
Register Company et al. The petition for rehearing is denied. The
Chief Justice took no part in the consideration or decision of this appli-
cation.
No. 754. Rufus Meshberger and Lelia B. Meshberger, petitioners,
v. The Federal Land Bank of Louisville, Kentucky. Petitions for re-
hearing denied.
No. 786. Edward M. Winston, petitioner, v. Thomas J. Courtney,
State's Attorney, etc., et al. Petition for rehearing denied. Mr. Jus-
tice Rutledge took no part in the consideration or decision of this ap-
plication.
No. 789. E. G. Blue et al., petitioners, v. The United States of
America;
No. 790. Wm. N. Clark et al., petitioners, v. The United States of
America; and
No. 791. Earl Pardee et al., petitioners, v. The United States of
America. Petition for rehearing denied. Mr. Justice Douglas took
no part in the consideration or decision of this application.
The Court will take a recess from today until Monday, June 5th,
upon which day it will adjourn for the term unless otherwise ordered.
Adjourned until Monday, June 5 next, at 12 o'clock.

MONDAY, JUNE 5, 1944
233
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: The Chief Justice, Mr. Justice Black, Mr. Justice Reed,
Mr. Justice Frankfurter, Mr. Justice Douglas, Mr. Justice Murphy,
Mr. Justice Jackson, and Mr. Justice Rutledge.
Rodney O. Kittelsen, of Albany, Wis.; Robert B. Dunlap, of Cald-
well, Idaho; Ben O. Duggan, Jr., of Chattanooga, Tenn.; Milton A.
Jones, of Bowling Green, Ky.; Harold Judson, of Los Angeles, Calif.;
John Burke Drury, of Norfolk, Va.; John J. Lane, of Chicago, Ill.;
Leroy C. McCauley, of Washington, D. C.; H. Lloyd Ericsson, of
Lav
awrence, Kans.; Homer A. Ramey, of Toledo, Ohio; John M. Vorys,
of Columbus, Ohio; Alvin F. Weichel, of Sandusky, Ohio; Leland G.
Gardner, of Washington, D. C.; Walter E. Foster, of Daytona Beach,
Fla.; Norma G. Zarky, of Madison, Wis.; Wilbert P. Zarky, of Madi-
son, Wis.; Edward B. Soken, of Philadelphia, Pa.; John W. Powers,
of Youngstown, Ohio; Israel Freeman, of Youngstown, Ohio; H.
Bruce Baumeister, of Los Angeles, Calif.; Joseph Steiner, of Newark,
N. J.; Zelma Shapiro, of Washington, D. C.; Mollie Strum, of New
York City; Bernard Mitchell Goldstein, of Baltimore, Md.; Jennie
F. Cockrum, of Kansas City, Kans.; Douglas Lee Reeder, of Kansas
City, Mo.; Edwin W. Sale, of Champaign, Ill.; Augusta Hanlon
Brown, of Washington, D. C.; Selma Numter Borchardt, of Washing-
ton, D. C.; Edward Kliewer, Jr., of Houston, Tex.; W. B. Browder,
Jr., of Houston, Tex.; Frank J. Fontes, of San Francisco, Calif.;
Jeanette F. Reibman, of Fort Wayne, Ind.; Stanley B. Rider, of
Oakland, Calif.; Marvin Katz, of Troy, N. Y.; and Joseph Lawrence,
of Alexandria, Va., were admitted to practice.
No. 217. Wilma E. Addison, Ernestine C. Lyles, Edgar Campbell,
Sallie Baker, and Luther Black, petitioners, v. Holly Hill Fruit
Products, Inc. On writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit
Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit. This cause is remanded to
the District Court of the United States for the Southern District of
Florida with direction to proceed in conformity with the opinion of
this Court. Opinion by Mr. Justice Frankfurter. Opinion by Mr.
Justice Roberts concurring in part and dissenting in part. Dissent-
ing opinion by Mr. Justice Rutledge, in which Mr. Justice Black and
Mr. Justice Murphy concur. Mr. Justice Douglas joins in that part
of Mr. Justice Rutledge's dissent which would hold that the Admin-
istrator has defined "area of production" in a valid manner.
554209-44-88

MONDAY, JUNE 5, 1944
234
No. 226. Polish National Alliance of the United States of North
America, petitioner, v. National Labor Relations Board. On writ of
certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the
Seventh Circuit. Judgment affirmed and cause remanded to the said
Circuit Court of Appeals. Opinion by Mr. Justice Frankfurter.
Mr. Justice Roberts took no part in the consideration or disposition
of this case. Concurring opinion by Mr. Justice Black in which Mr.
Justice Douglas and Mr. Justice Murphy join.
No. 433. W. D. Lyons, petitioner, v. The State of Oklahoma. On
writ of certiorari to the Criminal Court of Appeals of the State of
Oklahoma. Judgment affirmed. Opinion by Mr. Justice Reed. Mr.
Justice Douglas concurs in the result. Dissenting: Mr. Justice Rut-
ledge. Dissenting opinion by Mr. Justice Murphy in which Mr.
Justice Black concurs.
No. 354. The United States of America, appellant, v. South-Eastern
Underwriters Association et al. Appeal from the District Court of
the United States for the Northern District of Georgia. Judgment
reversed and cause remanded to the said District Court for further
proceedings in conformity with the opinion of this Court. Opinion
by Mr. Justice Black. Mr. Justice Roberts and Mr. Justice Reed
took no part in the consideration or decision of this case. Dissenting
opinion by Mr. Chief Justice Stone in which Mr. Justice Frankfurter
joins. Opinion by Mr. Justice Frankfurter joining in the dissent of
the Chief Justice. Opinion by Mr. Justice Jackson dissenting in
part.
The Chief Justice said:
"The orders of the Court appear upon the list certified by the Chief
Justice and filed with the Clerk and will not be announced orally."
No. 1018. The Pyramid Moving Company, appellants, v. The
United States of America and Interstate Commerce Commission.
Appeal from the District Court of the United States for the Northern
District of Ohio. Per curiam: The motion to affirm is granted and
the judgment is affirmed. (1) United States v. Carolina Freight
Carriers Corp'n. 315 U. S. 475, 480-82; Alton R. R. Co. v. United
States, 315 U. S. 15, 23. (2) Western Chemical Co. v. United States,
271 U. S. 268, 271; Virginian Railway Co. v. United States, 272 U. S.
658, 666.
ORDER
It is ordered that paragraph 2 of Rule 2 of the Rules of this Court
be, and the same is hereby, amended to read as follows:
"2. Not less than two weeks in advance of application for admis-
sion, each applicant shall file with the clerk (1) a certificate from the

MONDAY, JUNE 5, 1944
235
presiding judge or clerk of the proper court showing that he possesses
the foregoing qualifications, (2) his personal statement, on the form
approved by the court and furnished by the clerk, and (3) two letters
or signed statements of members of the bar of this court, not related
to the applicant, who are resident practitioners within the State, Ter-
ritory, District, or Insular Possession (to which the application refers
as provided in paragraph 1 of this rule) stating that the applicant is
personally known to them, that he possesses all the qualifications re-
quired for admission to the bar of this court, that they have examined
his personal statement, and that they affirm that his personal and pro-
fessional character and standing are good."
-
No. Henry Long, petitioner, v. Honorable Ben Hicks, Presiding
Judge, United States Circuit Court of Appeals, Sixth Circuit; and
No.. Henry Long, petitioner, v. Ralph E. Benson, Warden, etc.
The motions for leave to file petitions for peremptory writs of manda-
mus are denied.
No.. Henry Long, petitioner, v. Ralph E. Benson, Warden, etc.
The motion for a rule to show cause is denied.
No. . Mid-Continent Investment Company, petitioner, v. Hon-
orable Michael L. Igoe, Judge for the United States District Court,
Northern District of Illinois, Eastern Division; and
-.
No. Minneapolis-Honeywell Regulator Company v. Honorable
John P. Barnes, Judge of the United States District Court, Northern
District of Illinois, Eastern Division. The motions for leave to file.
petitions for writs of mandamus are denied.
No.. Ex parte George W. Pullitt, petitioner; and
-.
No. Ex parte Percy Berry, petitioner. The motions for leave
to file petitions for writs of habeas corpus are denied.
No. Ex parte Thomas King, petitioner. The motion for leave
to file petition for writ of habeas corpus is denied. Treating the
papers as a petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of
Illinois, certiorari is denied.
-
No. . E. J. Roberts, petitioner, v. United States District Court,
Eastern Virginia. The motion for leave to file petition for certiorari
is denied.
No. 9, original. The State of Kansas, complainant, v. The State of
Missouri. Decree entered. An order is also entered fixing the com-
pensation of the Special Master and allowing his expenses.
No. 767. The Interstate Commerce Commission et al., appellants,
v. The City of Jersey City et al. The motion of appellants that the
mandate issue forthwith is granted.

MONDAY, JUNE 5, 1944
236
No. 587. Securities and Exchange Commission, petitioner, v. Engi-
neers Public Service Company et al.; and
No. 635. Engineers Public Service Company et al., petitioners, v.
Securities and Exchange Commission. Petitions for writs of cer-
tiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the District of
Columbia granted.
No. 836. Ira J. McCullough, petitioner, v. Kammerer Corporation
and Baash-Ross Tool Company. The petition for rehearing is
granted. The order of May 8, 1944, denying certiorari, is vacated and
the petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of Appeals for
the Ninth Circuit is granted.
No. 952. Empire State Chair Co., Inc., petitioner, v. George J.
Beldock. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of
Appeals for the Second Circuit denied.
No. 959. Van Camp Sea Food Co., Inc., and Antonio Francisco,
petitioners, v. Robert A. Nordyke. Petition for writ of certiorari
to the Circuit Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit denied.
No. 961. Ralph W. White, Administrator, etc., et al., petitioners,
v. Sinclair Prairie Oil Company et al. Petition for writ of certiorari
to the Circuit Court of Appeals for the Tenth Circuit denied.
No. 965. Skelly Oil Company, petitioner, v. Madie Ray Amacker,
Individually, etc., et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit
Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 990. Clarence Cromer, petitioner, v. The United States of
America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court
of Appeals for the District of Columbia denied.
No. 983. Samuel O. Blanc, petitioner, v. Al Cayo, doing business
as Cayo Electric Machine. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
Circuit Court of Appeals for the Sixth Circuit denied.
No. 1008. Reka Goldberg Hofheimer, petitioner, v. Ben Gold et
al.; and
No. 1009. Reka Goldberg Hofheimer, petitioner, v. David McIntee,
etc., et al. Petition for writs of certiorari to the Circuit Court of
Appeals for the Seventh Circuit denied.
No. 986. Sterling Aluminum Products, Inc., petitioner, v. Shell Oil
Company. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of
Appeals for the Eighth Circuit denied.
No. 1040. Martin Luksich, petitioner, v. Domenic Misetich, Jakob
Misetich, et al. The motion for leave to proceed on the typewritten
record is granted. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court
of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit denied.

MONDAY, JUNE 5, 1944
237
No. 750. Valdo B. Schita, petitioner, v. Dr. M. J. Pescor, Warden,
etc. On petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of Appeals
for the Eighth Circuit;
No. 1022. Frank Dzan, petitioner, v. Joseph E. Ragen, Warden,
etc. On petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of
Illinois;
No. 1023. Albert Green, petitioner, v. State of Missouri. On peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Missouri;
No. 1035. George Diehl, petitioner, v. Walter Nierstheimer, War-
den, etc. On petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of
Illinois;
No. 1042. Clarence Pearson, petitioner, v. Robert A. Heinze, War-
den, et al. On petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court
of California;
No. 1049. Darmo Lazar, petitioner, v. Joseph E. Ragen, Warden,
etc. On petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of
Illinois;
No. 1002. Jack H. W. Bracey, petitioner, v. The United States of
America. On petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia;
No. 1053. Henry Clary Barland, petitioner, v. Joseph E. Ragen,
Warden, etc.;
No. 1054. Charles Andrew Blankenship, petitioner, v. Joseph E.
Ragen, Warden, etc.;
No. 1055. Harold Witt, petitioner, v. Joseph E. Ragen, Warden,
etc.;
No. 1056. Clarence McCauley, petitioner, v. Joseph E. Ragen,
Warden, etc.;
No. 1057. Roy Bridges, petitioner, v. Joseph E. Ragen, Warden,
etc.;
No. 1058. Arthur Rasmussen, petitioner, v. Joseph E. Ragen, War-
den, etc.;
No. 1059. Raymond Conklin, petitioner, v. Joseph E. Ragen, War-
den, etc. On petitions for writs of certiorari to the Supreme Court
of Illinois; and
No. 1060. Cornelius Bass and Charlie Clark, petitioners, v. The
State of New Hampshire. On petition for writ of certiorari to the
Supreme Court of New Hampshire. The motions for leave to pro-
ceed in forma pauperis are granted. The petitions for writs of cer-
tiorari are denied.
No. 1050. James Patton, petitioner, v. Joseph E. Ragen, Warden,
etc. On petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Illi-

MONDAY, JUNE 5, 1944
238
nois. The motion for leave to proceed in forma pauperis is granted.
Petition for writ of certiorari denied for want of a final judgment.
No. 831, October Term, 1940. Daisy C. Tegtmeyer, petitioner, v.
William H. Tegtmeyer et al.; and
No. 477, October Term, 1942. Daisy C. Tegtmeyer, petitioner, v.
William H. Tegtmeyer et al.; and
No. 539. Martin J. Bernards and Lena Bernards, petitioners, v.
M. R. Johnson et al. Petitions for rehearing denied.
No. 828. George Phillips, petitioner, v. The people of the State of
New York. Time within which to file petition for rehearing extended
to and including July 15, next.
The Court will take a recess from today until Monday, June 12th,
upon which day it will adjourn for the term unless otherwise ordered.
Adjourned until Monday, June 12, next, at 12 o'clock.

MONDAY, JUNE 12, 1944
239
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: The Chief Justice, Mr. Justice Black, Mr. Justice Frank-
furter, Mr. Justice Douglas, Mr. Justice Murphy, Mr. Justice Jackson,
and Mr. Justice Rutledge.
Earl Russell Stege, of Chicago, Ill.; A. Devitt Vanech, of Wash-
ington, D. C.; Robert Burstein, of Hartford, Conn.; William H.
Collins, of Washington, D. C.; Thos. J. Riordan, of San Francisco,
Calif.; Myrna M. Moffat, of Washington, D. C.; J. E. Simpson, of
Los Angeles, Calif.; Ralph D. F. Sweeney, of Los Angeles, Calif.;
Mayo A. Darling, of Waltham, Mass.; Richard Mullins, of Chicago,
Ill.; Henry Grady Langley, of Washington, D. C.; Emilie D. Barron,
of Chicago, Ill., and William J. Powers, of Chicago, Ill., were admitted
to practice.
No. 531. Elmer Hartzel, petitioner, v. The United States of Amer-
ica. On writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of
Appeals for the Seventh Circuit. Judgment reversed and cause re-
manded to the District Court of the United States for the Northern
District of Illinois for further proceedings in conformity with the
conclusion and judgment of this Court. Conclusion and judgment
of the Court announced by Mr. Justice Murphy. Concurring: Mr.
Justice Roberts. Dissenting opinion by Mr. Justice Reed in which
Mr. Justice Frankfurter, Mr. Justice Douglas, and Mr. Justice Jack-
son concur announced by Mr. Justice Douglas.
No. 366. The United States of America, petitioner, v. Jasper White.
On writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals
for the Third Circuit. Judgment of the Circuit Court of Appeals
reversed and judgment of the District Court affirmed and cause re-
manded to the District Court of the United States for the Middle
District of Pennsylvania. Opinion by Mr. Justice Murphy. Mr.
Justice Roberts, Mr. Justice Frankfurter, and Mr. Justice Jackson
concur in the result.
No. 493. Carl Wilhelm Baumgartner, petitioner, v. The United
States of America. On writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of
Appeals for the Eighth Circuit. Judgment reversed and cause re-
manded to the District Court of the United States for the Western
District of Missouri for further proceedings in conformity with the
opinion of this Court. Opinion by Mr. Justice Frankfurter. Sep-
arate concurring opinion by Mr. Justice Murphy in which Mr. Jus-
tice Black, Mr. Justice Douglas, and Mr. Justice Rutledge join.
554209-44-
-89

MONDAY, JUNE 12, 1944
The Chief Justice said:
240
"The orders of the Court appear upon the list certified by the Chief
Justice and filed with the Clerk and will not be announced orally."
No. 2. The United States of America, appellant, v. Aluminum
Company of America et al. Appeal from the District Court of the
United States for the Southern District of New York. Per curiam:
In this case there is wanting a quorum of six Justices qualified to hear
it, see 320 U. S. 708. The cause is accordingly certified and trans-
ferred to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Second
Circuit, pursuant to sec. 2 of the Act of February 11; 1903, 32 Stat.
823, 15 U. S. C., sec. 29, as amended by the Act of June 9, 1944, Pub.
L. No. 332.
No. 1024. Lawrence F. Varnado, appellant, v. Thomas G. Wo-
mack et al. Appeal from the Supreme Court of Louisiana. Per
curiam: The motion for leave to file jurisdictional statement is
granted. The appeal is dismissed for the reason that the judgment
of the court below is based upon a non-federal ground adequate to
support it.
No. 1033. Jenkin Lloyd Jones and Jenkin Lloyd Jones, as relator,
appellant, v. Harold Freeman, as Speaker of the House of Repre-
sentatives of Oklahoma, et al. Appeal from the Supreme Court of
Oklahoma. Per curiam: The appeal is dismissed for want of juris-
diction. Section 237 (a), Judicial Code, as amended, 28 U. S. C.,
sec. 344 (a). Treating the papers whereon the appeal was allowed
as a petition for writ of certiorari as required by section 237 (c) of
the Judicial Code as amended, 28 U. S. C., sec. 344 (c), certiorari is
denied.
No.. Ex parte James M. John, petitioner; and
-.
No. Ex parte Raymond Paul Hile, petitioner. Applications
denied.
No. Ex parte Robert George Banks, petitioner;
-
No. Ex parte Allen Dixon, petitioner; and
-
No. Ex parte John Gardner, petitioner. The motions for leave
to file petitions for writs of habeas corpus are denied.
No. Ex parte Earl F. Hall, petitioner. The motion for leave
to file petition for writ of habeas corpus is denied. Treating the
papers as a petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of
Illinois, certiorari is denied.
No. 51. Lonnie E. Smith, petitioner, v. S. E. Allwright, Election
Judge, et al. The sentence on page 9 of the slip opinion which reads:
"Under our Constitution, the great privilege of choosing his rulers
may not be denied a man by the State because of his color." is amended
to read as follows:

MONDAY, JUNE 12, 1944
241
"Under our Constitution the great privilege of the ballot may not
be denied a man by the State because of his color."
Mr. Justice Roberts and Mr. Justice Frankfurter took no part in
the consideration of the order here entered.
No. 569. R. J. Thomas, appellant, v. H. W. Collins, Sheriff, etc.
This case is restored to the docket and assigned for reargument dur-
ing the first week of argument in the October Term, 1944. Counsel
are requested to discuss in their briefs and on oral argument, the
following questions:
1. Does the Texas Act, by judicial or administrative construction,
require a registration or license before making the speech made by
Thomas-if it had omitted the O'Sullivan solicitation?
2. Did the injunction forbid the speech (apart from the O'Sullivan
solicitation) and is the order of contempt based in whole or in part
on such speech? If not, is the speech used as an aggravation of the
offense? If neither, what is the purpose and effect of its recital in
the papers and orders in this proceeding?
3. Assuming the speech to be immune and assuming the words
addressed to O'Sullivan to be a violation of valid prohibition of
solicitation, what is the effect on its constitutional validity of includ-
ing both in one injunction?
4. Assuming the injunction invalid as applied to the speech, what
was the duty of Thomas in respect of obedience so long as it was not
set aside?
5. Is the application made of Section 5 consistent with the provi-
sions of the National Labor Relations Act?
6. Assuming that petitioner had a constitutional right to make a
general argument and solicitation to the entire assembly of workers,
could the state punish him in a single penalty because he picked out
one member of the assembly and addressed a solicitation to him by
name?
The Solicitor General is invited to file a brief if he is so disposed.
No. 984. Corinne C. Waterman, petitioner, v. Lillie B. McMillan
and Harry S. Wender. Time within which to file petition for rehear-
ing extended to and including June 26, next.
No. 1031. John W. Roxborough, petitioner, v. The People of the
State of Michigan; and
No. 1032. Everett I. Watson, petitioner, v. The People of the State
of Michigan. The motion of respondent for an extension of time to
and including September 9, next, within which to file brief opposing
the petitions for writs of certiorari is granted.
No. 1044. The United States of America, appellant, v. Herman
Rosenwasser, an individual, etc. In this case probable jurisdiction
is noted and the case is transferred to the summary docket.

MONDAY, JUNE 12, 1944
242
No. 993. Otis & Co., petitioner, v. Securities and Exchange Com-
mission et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of
Appeals for the Third Circuit granted.
No. 996. State of New York and Saratoga Springs Commission
et al., petitioners, v. The United States of America. Petition for
writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of Appeals for the Second
Circuit granted.
No. 1000. Central States Electric Company, petitioner, v. City of
Muscatine, Iowa, et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit
Court of Appeals for the Seventh Circuit granted.
No. 995. Marie E. Schwartz, petitioner, v. Commissioner of In-
ternal Revenue. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court
of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit granted and the case transferred to
the summary docket.
No. 944. The United States, petitioner, v. Standard Rice Com-
pany, Inc. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Claims
granted, and the case transferred to the summary docket.
No. 668. William F. Esenwein, petitioner, v. Commonwealth ex rel.
May H. Esenwein. The order of March 6, 1944, denying certiorari
is vacated and the petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court
of Pennsylvania granted.
No. 999. O. B. Williams and Lillie Shaver Hendrix, petitioners, v.
The State of North Carolina. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
Supreme Court of North Carolina granted, and the case assigned for
argument immediately following No. 668.
No. 1037. Charles Williams, petitioner, v. Paul E. Kaiser, Warden,
etc. The motion for leave to proceed in forma pauperis is granted.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Missouri
granted and the case transferred to the summary docket.
No. 922. O. C. Tomkins, petitioner, v. The State of Missouri. The
order of May 29, 1944, denying certiorari is vacated and the petition
for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Missouri is granted.
The case is transferred to the summary docket and assigned for argu-
ment immediately following No. 1037.
No. 940. Anastasio A. Ylagan, petitioner, v. The United States.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Claims denied.
No. 991. Capitol Greyhound Lines and Capitol Greyhound Lines
of Indiana, Inc., petitioners, v. National Labor Relations Board.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of Appeals for
the Sixth Circuit denied.
No. 998. Edward Page Gaston, petitioner, v. The United States of
America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court
of Appeals for the District of Columbia denied.

MONDAY, JUNE 12, 1944
243
No. 1010. George Nelson, Agnes Nelson, et al., petitioners, v. The
United States of America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
Circuit Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit denied.
No. 1043. Gallagher's Steak House, Inc., petitioner, v. Chester C.
Bowles, Administrator, etc. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
Circuit Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit denied.
No. 1061. Presque-Isle Transportation Co., Inc., petitioner, v. Carl
Koehler. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of
Appeals for the Second Circuit denied.
No. 1019. Richard W. Sheehan, petitioner, v. Ray L. Huff, Gen-
eral Superintendent, D. C. Reformatory. On petition for writ of
certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the District of
Columbia;
No. 1069. John Huffman, petitioner, v. Joseph E. Ragen, Warden,
etc.;
No. 1074. Edward Leslie Willis, petitioner, v. W. Nierstheimer,
Warden, etc. On petitions for writs of certiorari to the Supreme
Court of Illinois;
No. 1085. Harry Knight, petitioner, v. The People of the State of
California et al. On petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme
Court of California;
No. 1088. George Millwood, petitioner, v. Joseph E. Ragen,
Warden, etc. On petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court
of Illinois;
No. 1098. Ex parte Mrs. Velma Ford Thompson, Individually,
etc., petitioner. On petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme
Court of Louisiana;
No. 1100. Felix J. Poteracki, petitioner, v. Joseph E. Ragen,
Warden, etc.;
No. 1101. Joseph Gall, petitioner, v. Joseph E. Ragen, Warden,
etc.;
No. 1102. Charles Moore, petitioner, v. Joseph E. Ragen, Warden,
etc.; and
No. 1103. Randal E. Norval, petitioner, v. Joseph E. Ragen,
Warden, etc. On petitions for writs of certiorari to the Supreme
Court of Illinois. The motions for leave to proceed in forma pauperis
are granted. The petitions for writs of certiorari are denied.
No. 1099. George Sogan, petitioner, v. Joseph E. Ragen, Warden,
etc. On petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of
Illinois. The motion for leave to proceed in forma pauperis is granted.
Petition for writ of certiorari denied for the reason that application
therefor was not made within the time provided by law. Section 8.
(a), Act of February 13, 1925 (43 Stat. 936, 940), 28 U. S. C., sec. 350.

MONDAY, JUNE 12, 1944
244
No. 1107. Harry M. Grand, petitioner, v. Nathan Mayo, as State
Prison Custodian. On petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme
Court of Florida. The motion for leave to proceed in forma pauperis
is granted. The petition for writ of certiorari is denied. The motion
for leave to file petition for writ of habeas corpus is also denied.
No.
E. J. Roberts, petitioner, v. United States District Court;
No. 398. Hazel-Atlas Glass Company, petitioner, v. Hartford-Em-
pire Company;
No. 423. Shawkee Manufacturing Company et al., petitioners, v.
Hartford-Empire Company;
No. 853. Paul J. Bellavance, petitioner, v. Frank Morrow Co.,
Inc.;
No. 911. Chicago & Eastern Illinois Railroad Company et al.,
petitioners, v. Grand Trunk Western Railroad Company et al.;
No. 912. Chicago & Eastern Illinois Railroad Company et al.,
petitioners, v. Grand Trunk Western Railroad Company et al.;
No. 913. Chicago & Eastern Illinois Railroad Company et al.,
petitioners, v. Grand Trunk Western Railroad Company et al.;
No. 942. Rock Island Refining Company, appellant, v. Oklahoma
Tax Commission;
No. 742. Floyd J. Kesling, petitioner, v. George W. Humphrey,
Warden;
No. 889. Lenore S. Robinette, petitioner, v. Commissioner of In-
ternal Revenue. Petitions for rehearing denied.
No. 355. International Harvester Company et al., appellants, v.
Department of Treasury of the State of Indiana et al. Petition for
rehearing denied. Mr. Justice Roberts took no part in the considera-
tion or decision of this application.
No. 728. Paysoff Tinkoff, Individually, etc., et al., petitioners, v.
West Publishing Company et al. The petition for rehearing or in
the alternative for a writ of mandamus is denied.
No. 734. Hilliard Sanders, petitioner, v. Joseph W. Sanford,
Warden, etc. The petition for rehearing is denied without prejudice
to the presentation to the District Court, in an appropriate proceed-
ing, of the new matters referred to in the petition for rehearing and
accompanying papers.
No. 766. The Hudson & Manhattan Railroad Company, appellant,
v. The City of Jersey City et al. The motion for leave to file petition
for rehearing is granted. In this case the appeal from the interlocu-
tory injunction was dismissed on the ground that the appeal had be-
come moot, the interlocutory injunction having merged in the final
injunction. The petition for rehearing is denied.

MONDAY, JUNE 12, 1944
245
The Chief Justice announced the following order of the Court:
ORDER
All cases submitted and all business before the Court at this term
in readiness for disposition having been disposed of,
It is ordered by this Court that all cases on the docket be, and they
hereby are, continued to the next term.
Adjourned to the time and place appointed by law.