I
OCTOBER TERM, 1949
STATISTICS
14742
ter
Original Appellate
Miscel-
laneous
Total
Number of cases on dockets_.
13
867
568
1,448
Cases disposed of ____
0
757
551
1, 308
Remaining on dockets………
13
110
17
140
Cases disposed of Appellate Docket:
By written opinions___
108
93
By per curiam opinions_-_-
By motion to dismiss or per stipulation (merit cases) _.
By denial or dismissal of petitions for certiorari…….
Cases disposed-Miscellaneous Docket:
By written opinions__
By per curiam opinions_____
By denial or dismissal of petitions for certiorari_
By denial or withdrawal of other applications_.
By transfer to Appellate Docket_.
Number of written opinions--
555
0
1
436
107
7
87
Number of petitions for certiorari granted--
Number of admissions to bar___
92
849
REFERENCE INDEX
Murphy, J., death of (July 19, 1949) announced___
Rutledge, J., death of (Sept. 10, 1949) announced_
Clark, J., announcement of appointment ___
Minton, J., announcement of appointment --.
Hughes, C. J., resolutions of the bar presented---.
J. Howard McGrath, Attorney General, presented_____
Maynard E. Pirsig, dean of Law School of University of Min-
nesota, appointed a member of the Civil Rules Advisory
Committee __
Allotment of Justices__
Attorney-change of name___.
850087-50--77
Page
1
1
1
1
198
1
188
34.
37, 79, 171, 189

II
Rules of Supreme Court:
Rule 27, par. 9, amended (amicus curiae briefs) –
Rule 32, par. 7, amended (flat fee system adopted). Court
also ordered abandoned the practice of awarding attor-
ney's docket fee and concurrently authorized a change in
practice whereby but one docket fee would be charged
and one docket number assigned where a petition for
certiorari seeks review of two or more judgments in
consolidated cases__
Page
70
192, 193
Rule 13, par. 9, amended (supervising fee to be computed
on record as "printed" rather than on record as “filed”) –
Bond of Marshal approved--
Special Master-parties directed to advance payments on ac-
count of expenses and services (11 Orig.)
----
193
155
79
Special Master-report to be received and filed during vacation
(10 Orig.) __
234
Tort Claims Act-proposed settlement referred to United States
District Court (379–80).
104
Opinion amended (279 O. T. 1948) …….
21
Per curiam order amended on consideration of motion for clari-
fication (103) --
80
Judgment (this court) modified on motion of Solicitor General
(154) --
150
Case continued, following oral argument, to enable appellant to
pursue state remedies (454)
143
187,210
Judgments announced-no opinions of the Court (46, 309 and
364) ----
Judgment reaffirmed on petition for rehearing (see opinion No.
2) -
Judgment affirmed by equally divided Court (490) (see also
opinions in Nos. 10 and 13, and 12) --
219
188, 211, 233
Judgment affirmed pursuant to 28 U. S. C. § 2109 (absence of a
quorum). This action taken on consideration of petition for
certiorari (795)---
Judgment affirmed in part in case from U. S. D. C. where both
sides appealed. Jurisdiction noted in one (670) and appeal
dismissed in the other (671) --
234
220
Judgment "affirmed" per curiam, three Justices dissenting
(104) __
5
Judgment affirmed, per curiam, with two Justices of "opinion
that probable jurisdiction should be noted and the cases set
down for argument” (265) --
36

III
Judgments vacated on consideration of petitions for certiorari
and cases remanded for "disposition" (89); "further con-
sideration" (103); "reconsideration" (state court) (224); in
the light of recent decisions___
Page
4,49
137
Judgment vacated, on consideration of petition for certiorari,
and case remanded for new trial "without expressing any
opinion as to other questions presented" (489) --
Judgment vacated, on consideration of jurisdictional statement,
and case remanded to U. S. District Court with directions
to retain jurisdiction for a reasonable time to afford appel-
lants an opportunity to obtain a construction by State court
of statutory provisions involved (see opinion No. 689)
Judgments reversed on consideration of petitions for certiorari
(199, 244, 332, 213, 236, 453) ___
6, 36, 57, 148, 176, 234
Judgment reversed on consideration of jurisdictional state-
ment (473) -
Amicus curiae brief-motion to file denied citing amended Rule
27, par. 9 (402). (No motion for leave to file was granted at
this term after the amendment became effective).
Amicus curiae leave granted to argue (25, 107, 302) --
Argument-Court declined to hear further argument (113) __
Argument-Motion to postpone denied (98, 13 Orig.) --
Injunction order entered ex mero motu (670) --
Stay in capital case granted (345 Misc.) -
Stays in capital cases denied (568 Misc.); one justice voting
to grant (263 Misc.) ----
Mandate motion to issue forthwith denied (40, 2).
Motion to stay mandate of State court denied following ref-
erence by an individual justice (No. -) --
Substitution and abatement-substitution granted where Solici-
tor General had suggested question of abatement (3, 82) --
Habeas corpus-motions for leave to file denied with two justices
voting to deny without prejudice to making applications in
a District Court (433 Misc., etc.-German cases) -
Mandamus-motion to file denied citing Ex parte Fahey, 332
U. S. 258 (262 Misc.).
(See also opinion in 2 Misc.) ---
Motion for jury trial denied (12 Orig., see opinion)
Motion to take depositions denied (13 Orig., see opinion) __.
Motion to modify judgment granted (154) ---
188
104
85
110
116
85,149
220
133
245, 93
79, 234
149
50
244
114
233
231
231
150
Motion for clarification of per curiam order granted (103) --
Motion to supplement record granted (33, 670) –
80
127, 220
Motion to consolidate two cases granted (599) _.
150

IV
Appeal dismissed with one justice voting to note probable
jurisdiction (774) –
Certiorari:
Motion of codefendant to join in petition denied (313)
(motion filed after statutory time for applying for
certiorari had expired) ----
Motion for time within which to file brief in support of
petition granted (460)
Petitions denied without consideration of the questions
raised therein and without prejudice to the institution of
proceedings under Illinois postconviction statute (1
Misc. etc.; 128 Misc.; 252 Misc.; 281 Misc.; 356 Misc.;
404 Misc ___
Cross-petition in criminal case denied for reason applica-
tion not made within time provided by law (362) ----
Petition before judgment and by winning party denied
(366)
Page
220
61
105
27, 41, 123, 163
Petition denied with three of eight participating justices
voting to grant (168, 358) ----
Petition denied with notation that one justice had "filed an
opinion respecting the denial of the petition for writ of
certiorari" (300)
Petition denied with one justice stating his view that "peti-
tioners were denied due process of law and that the pe-
tition should be granted” (399) –.
Petition to state court denied without prejudice to seek
relief in U. S. District Court (176 Misc.) ---
Reargument ordered (76, 107) ----
Rehearing denied with two justices noting their view peti-
tion should be granted (766 O. T. 1947, 248)
81
69
60,98
112
112
120
158, 235
224
Order suspending call of docket-entered April 17th;
arguments completed April 20th____
182
Order fixing adjournment date_____
218
Final order___
245
U. S. GOVERNMENT PRINTING OFFICE: 1950

MONDAY, OCTOBER 3, 1949
1
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: Mr. Chief Justice Vinson, Mr. Justice Black, Mr. Justice
Reed, Mr. Justice Frankfurter, Mr. Justice Jackson, Mr. Justice Bur-
ton, and Mr. Justice Clark.
Benjamin I. Shulman, of Providence, R. I.; Bentley G. Byrnes, of
New Orleans, La.; William F. Norton, Jr., of Hackensack, N. J.; John
J. O'Keefe, of Windsor, Conn.; James W. Spurr, of Shawnee, Okla.;
Clyde G. Pitman, of Shawnee, Okla.; Frank DeBartolo, of Chicago,
Ill.; William Henry McGowen, of Birmingham, Ala.; Earl Boyd
Pierce, of Muskogee, Okla.; Cecil Thomas Dees, of Alexandria, Va.;
William H. Brown, of College Park, Md.; Herbert M. Wetzel, of Chi-
cago, Ill.; Van Holmgren Tanner, of Wellesley, Mass.; Burton A. Kof-
fler, of New York City; Robert J. Rubacky, of Jersey City, N. J.;
Artie P. Stephens, of Sulphur Springs, Tex.; Morris M. Doyle, of San
Francisco, Calif.; Glenn V. Walls, of Sacramento, Calif.; J. Roger
Wollenberg, of San Francisco, Calif.; Edgar G. Theus, of Oklahoma
City, Okla.; William H. Dorsey, Jr., of Arlington, Va.; Paul H. Gantt,
of Williamsburg, Va.; Ben K. Lerer, of San Francisco, Calif.; Ernes-
tine Stahlhut, of Los Angeles, Calif.; Lloyd F. Cooper, of Wichita,
Kans.; Joseph J. McGovern, of Boston, Mass.; and David Hume, of
Eagle Pass, Tex., were admitted to practice.
The Chief Justice said:
"Since last this Court convened we have been saddened by the un-
timely deaths of Mr. Justice Murphy and Mr. Justice Rutledge. These
tragic losses to the Court and the Nation are the more keenly felt be-
cause our brothers were stricken in the fullness of their great powers
of mind and spirit, which were ever applied with selfless devotion to
the work of the Court. In addition, we must contemplate the end of
personal associations made precious by the courtesy, warmth, and
friendliness that marked their every word and deed.
"Frank Murphy devoted his life to public service. Except for one
3-year period, his career, from the time of his Army service during the
first World War until his death 32 years later, was one of service to
his city, State, and Nation. During that time he held the positions
850087-49- _ 1

MONDAY, OCTOBER 3, 1949
2
of Assistant United States Attorney, Judge of the Recorder's Court
of the City of Detroit, Mayor of Detroit, Governor General and then
United States High Commissioner of the Philippine Islands, Gov-
ernor of Michigan, Attorney General of the United States, and Asso-
ciate Justice of this Court. In each of these positions of high trust and
honor, Justice Murphy displayed a tenacity of conviction and devotion
to ideals that earned for him the respect and admiration of all.
Though gentle and kindly of temperament, in defense of the funda-
mental rights of the accused and the underprivileged his spirit was
that of a warrior. His passionate defense of the rights of minorities
whose principles were anathema to him will stand as a monument to
his honesty, integrity, and valor.
"Wiley Blount Rutledge was a teacher until he took his seat on the
bench. After conquering disease that early threatened his life, he
taught successively at the law schools of the University of Colorado,
Washington University at St. Louis, and the University of Iowa. At
the two Universities last named, he assumed the additional burdens
of the Deanship. He was appointed to serve on the United States
Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia in 1939. In 1943 he
took his seat on this bench. Beloved of his students, he became beloved
of us all. His friendship was a source of great joy while he lived; it is
a source of great pride now that he is gone. It was said of Mr. Justice
Cardozo that he had a 'passion for justice.' No epitaph could be more
fitting for Justice Rutledge, nor would he have wanted any other. His
search for the right, the just, and the decent was unremitting. His
devotion to this task so overtaxed his strength that he was taken from
us in the prime of his years. But in our memories he remains-a
revered teacher, a wise judge, and a faithful friend.
"Saddened by our losses but inspired by the examples of devotion
to duty which Mr. Justice Murphy and Mr. Justice Rutledge have pro-
vided for us, we turn to the work before us. At an appropriate time,
the Court will receive the resolutions of the Bar in tribute to their
memory."
The Chief Justice said:
"Since the adjournment of the Court in June the President has nom-
inated and, with the advice and consent of the Senate, has appointed
Attorney General Tom C. Clark, of Texas, to be an Associate Justice
of this Court in succession to Associate Justice Frank Murphy, de-
ceased. He has presented his commission and has taken the oaths pre-
scribed by law. It is ordered that his commission be recorded and that
his oaths be filed."

MONDAY, OCTOBER 3, 1949
3
The commission of Mr. Justice Clark is in the words and figures fol-
lowing, viz:
"HARRY S. TRUMAN
"PRESIDENT OF THE UNITED STATES OF AMERICA
"To all who shall see these Presents, Greeting:
"Know Ye; That reposing special trust and confidence in the wisdom,
uprightness, and learning of Tom C. Clark of Texas, I have nom-
inated, and, by and with the advice and consent of the Senate, do ap-
point him an Associate Justice of the Supreme Court of the United
States, and do authorize and empower him to execute and fulfil the
duties of that office according to the Constitution and laws of the said
United States, and to have and to hold the said office, with all the
powers, privileges, and emoluments to the same of right appertaining,
unto him, the said Tom C. Clark, during his good behavior.
"In testimony whereof, I have caused these letters to be made patent
and the seal of the Department of Justice to be hereunto affixed.
"Done at the city of Washington this nineteenth day of August, in
the year of our Lord one thousand nine hundred and forty-nine, and
of the Independence of the United States of America the one hundred
and seventy-fourth.
"By the President:
"PEYTON FORD,
"Acting Attorney General."
"HARRY S. TRUMAN.
Mr. Solicitor General Perlman presented the Honorable J. Howard
McGrath of Rhode Island, Attorney General of the United States, and
it was ordered that his commission be recorded.
Adjourned until Monday, October 10, next, at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Monday, October 10, will be as follows: Nos. 16,
10, 13, 17, 20, 11 (and 15), 19, 18, 31, and 26.
Х

MONDAY, OCTOBER 10, 1949
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
4
Present: Mr. Chief Justice Vinson, Mr. Justice Black, Mr. Justice
Reed, Mr. Justice Frankfurter, Mr. Justice Jackson, Mr. Justice Bur-
ton, and Mr. Justice Clark.
Antha Mulkey, of Atlanta, Ga.; Harold Johnson, of New York
City; Louis Marder, of Brooklyn, N. Y.; Atlee Harris, of West Mem-
phis, Ark.; Harry S. Coleman, of Portland, Oreg.; Doyle E. Carlton,
of Tampa, Fla.; James A. Murray, of Los Angeles, Calif.; Robert E.
Early, of Los Angeles, Calif.; Sam Frank Davis, of Denver, Colo.;
Neil Conway, of Madison, Wis.; Rob Roy Rhudy, of Atlanta, Ga.;
Robert L. Strong, of Cincinnati, Ohio.; Carl Abruzzese, of Newark,
N. J.; Ralph G. Mesce, of Newark, N. J.; Archie E. Groff, of Houston,
Tex.; Emanuel Berkowitz, of Washington, D. C.; Ernest S. Hampton,
of Salina, Kans.; August Altiery, of Jackson, Miss.; James L. Givan,
of Washington, D. C.; Willard Ayres, of Ocala, Fla.; Brooks B. Cal-
laghan, of Richwood, W. Va.; Louis A. D'Agosto, of New York City;
Oscar Habas, of Brooklyn, N. Y.; Harry I. Fernandes, of South
Carver, Mass.; Leslie M. O'Connor, of Chicago, Ill.; Joseph V. Meigs,
of New York City; Leland E. Modesitt, of Denver, Colo.; Harry H.
Van Aken, of New York City; and William R. Lonergan, of New York
City, were admitted to practice.
The Chief Justice announced the following orders of the Court:
No. 89. Eastern Steamship Lines, Inc., petitioner, v. Francis J.
Mulligan, as Public Administrator of the Goods, Chattels and Credits
of John Brodie Hutchinson, Deceased. On petition for writ of cer-
tiorari to the Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit. Per curiam:
The petition for writ of certiorari is granted. The judgment of the
Court of Appeals is vacated and the case is remanded to that court for
disposition in the light of Cosmopolitan Co. v. McAllister, 337 U. S.
783.
No. 103. Estate of Gilliat G. Schroeder, Deceased, Louisa R.
Schroeder and Helen S. Croll, Executors, petitioners, v. Commissioner
of Internal Revenue. On petition for writ of certiorari to the Court
of Appeals for the Second Circuit. Per curiam: The petition for
writ of certiorari is granted. The judgment of the Court of Appeals
is vacated and the case is remanded to that court for further considera-
850087-49 2

MONDAY, OCTOBER 10, 1949
5
tion in the light of T. D. 5741, 14 Fed. Reg. 5536, and Commissioner v.
Estate of Church, 335 U. S. 632, and Estate of Spiegel v. Commis-
sioner, 335 U. S. 701.
No. 104. Adirondack Transit Lines, Inc., appellant, v. Hudson
Transit Lines, Inc.; and
No. 105. The United States of America and Interstate Commerce
Commission, appellants, v. Hudson Transit Lines, Inc. Appeals from
the United States District Court for the Southern District of New
York. Per curiam: The motions to affirm are granted and the judg-
ment is affirmed. Mr. Justice Black, Mr. Justice Reed, and Mr. Justice
Douglas dissent.
No. 122. Harry Norman Ball, Trustee, appellant, v. The United
States of America, Paramount Pictures, Inc., et al. Appeal from the
United States District Court for the Southern District of New York.
Per curiam: The motion to affirm is granted and the judgment is
affirmed. Mr. Justice Clark took no part in the consideration or
decision of this case.
No. 134. G. O. Beeman, George W. Bower, Harding A. Ferguson,
appellants, v. Michigan Board of Pharmacy et al. Appeal from the
Supreme Court of Michigan. Per curiam: The motion to dismiss
is granted and the appeal is dismissed for want of a substantial
federal question.
No. 137. Beard-Laney, Inc., appellant, v. The United States of
America, Interstate Commerce Commission and Associated Petroleum
Carriers. Appeal from the United States District Court for the
Eastern District of South Carolina. Per curiam: The motion to
affirm is granted and the judgment is affirmed. Mr. Justice Black and
Mr. Justice Douglas dissent.
No. 138. Albert Lee, appellant, v. State of Mississippi. Appeal
from the Supreme Court of Mississippi. Per curiam: The motion for
leave to proceed in forma pauperis is granted. The appeal is dis-
missed for want of jurisdiction. Title 28, United States Code, Sec.
1257 (2). Treating the papers whereon the appeal was allowed as a
petition for writ of certiorari as required by Title 28, United States
Code, Sec. 2103, certiorari is denied.
No. 148. Eric Hass, appellant, v. The People of the State of New
York. Appeal from the Court of Appeals of New York. Per curiam:
The appeal is dismissed for want of a substantial federal question.
Mr. Justice Black and Mr. Justice Douglas dissent.
No. 175. Partmar Corporation, appellant, v. The United States
of America, Paramount Pictures, Inc., et al. Appeal from the United
States District Court for the Southern District of New York. Per

MONDAY, OCTOBER 10, 1949
6
curiam: The motion to affirm is granted and the judgment is affirmed.
Mr. Justice Clark took no part in the consideration or decision of this
case.
No. 196. General Engineering Corp. and General Industrial Sup-
ply Corp., appellants, v. Texas Employment Commission. Formerly
Known as Texas Unemployment Compensation Commission, et al.
Appeal from the Supreme Court of Texas. Per curiam: The appeal is
dismissed for want of a substantial federal question.
No. 198. Isadore M. Krachock, appellant, v. Department of Reve-
nue of the State of Illinois. Appeal from the Supreme Court of
Illinois. Per curiam: The appeal is dismissed for want of a substan-
tial federal question.
No. 199. Elmer Michael Walsh, Sheriff of Cook County, Illinois,
petitioner, v. The United States of America, ex rel. Ralph E. White.
On petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals for the
Seventh Circuit. Per curiam: The petition for writ of certiorari is
granted. The judgment of the Court of Appeals is reversed and the
cause is remanded to the District Court with directions to discharge
the writ of habeas corpus and remand the respondent to custody.
No. 238. Willie McGee, appellant, v. State of Mississippi. Appeal
from and on petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of
Mississippi. Per curiam: The motion for leave to proceed in forma
pauperis is granted. The appeal is dismissed for want of jurisdiction.
Title 28, United States Code, Sec. 1257 (2). The petition for writ of
certiorari is denied. Mr. Justice Douglas took no part in the con-
sideration or decision of this case.
No. 242. Kenosha Motor Coach Lines, Inc., appellant, v. Public
Service Commission of Wisconsin et al. Appeal from the Supreme
Court of Wisconsin. Per curiam: The appeal is dismissed for want
of a substantial federal question. Mr. Justice Black and Mr. Justice
Douglas dissent.
No. 245. Corporation of the Presiding Bishop of the Church of
Jesus Christ of Latter-Day Saints, a Utah Corporation, Sole, appel-
lant, v. City of Porterville, a Municipal Corporation, et al. Appeal
from the District Court of Appeal, 4th Appellate District, State of
California. Per curiam: The motion to dismiss is granted and the
appeal is dismissed for want of a substantial federal question.
No. 250. Arthur Bingaman, Administrator of the Estate of Alvin
A. Bingaman, Deceased, appellant, v. Eric H. Rehn and John P.
Mainelli, Doing Business Under the Name and Style of John P.
Mainelli Construction Company. Appeal from the Supreme Court

MONDAY, OCTOBER 10, 1949
7
of Nebraska. Per curiam: The motion to dismiss is granted and the
appeal is dismissed for want of a substantial federal question.
No. 277. Elmer Remmer, appellant, v. The Municipal Court of the
City and County of San Francisco, State of California, et al.; and
No. 278. Menlo Social Club, Inc., appellant, v. Edmund Gerald
Brown, as District Attorney, Michael Mitchell, as Chief of Police,
et al. Appeals from the District Court of Appeal, 1st Appellate
District, State of California. Per curiam: The appeals are dismissed
for want of a substantial federal question.
No. 12, Original. The United States of America, plaintiff, v. The
State of Louisiana. The demurrer is overruled and the motion to
dismiss on jurisdictional grounds, and conditional motions are denied.
The motion for judgment is denied and the defendant is allowed thirty
days from this date within which to file an answer to the complaint.
Mr. Justice Jackson and Mr. Justice Clark took no part in the con-
sideration or decision of these questions.
No. 13, Original. The United States of America, plaintiff, v. The
State of Texas. The motion to dismiss the complaint is denied. The
motion for more definite statement or bill of particulars is denied.
The motion for judgment is denied and the defendant is allowed thirty
days from this date within which to file an answer to the complaint.
Mr. Justice Jackson and Mr. Justice Clark took no part in the con-
sideration or decision of these questions.
The Chief Justice said:
"The other orders of the Court appear upon the list certified by the
Chief Justice and filed with the Clerk and will not be announced
orally."
No. 12, Original. The United States of America, plaintiff, v. The
State of Louisiana; and
No. 13, Original. The United States of America, plaintiff, v. The
State of Texas. The motion of Agnes E. Lewis et al. for leave to
intervene is denied. Mr. Justice Jackson and Mr. Justice Clark took
no part in the consideration or decision of this application.
No. -.
In the Matter of Robert Blount Ralls. The motion to
amend the Attorney Roll to show a change of name of Oscar Blount
Ralls to Robert Blount Ralls is granted.
No. 2, Misc. William Henry Roberts, petitioner, v. The United
States District Court for the Northern District of California. It is or-
dered that Max Radin, Esquire, of Berkeley, California, a member of

MONDAY, OCTOBER 10, 1949
8
the bar of this Court, be appointed to serve as counsel for the petitioner
in this case.
No. 11. Tom C. Clark, Attorney General, as Successor to the Alien
Property Custodian, petitioner, v. Manufacturers Trust Company;
No. 15. Manufacturers Trust Company, petitioner, v. Tom C.
Clark, Attorney General, as Successor to the Alien Property Custo-
dian; and
No. 48. Rosette Sorge Savorgnan, petitioner, v. The United States
of America, Tom C. Clark, the Attorney General of the United States
of America, et al. The motions to substitute J. Howard McGrath,
present Attorney General, as a party in these cases in the place and
stead of Tom C. Clark are granted. Mr. Justice Clark took no part
in the consideration or decision of these applications.
No. 20. Oscar F. Treichler, Executor of the Estate of Fred A.
Miller, appellant, v. State of Wisconsin. The motion of J. Gilbert
Hardgrove for leave to argue as amicus curiae is denied.
No. 27. Secretary of Agriculture, petitioner, v. Central Roig Re-
fining Company, Western Sugar Refining Company, et al.;
No. 30. Porto Rican American Sugar Refinery, Inc., petitioner, v.
Central Roig Refining Company and Western Sugar Refining Com-
pany; and
No. 32. The Government of Puerto Rico, petitioner, v. The Secre-
tary of Agriculture, Porto Rican American Sugar Refinery, Inc., et al.
The motion to withdraw the appearances of Howard C. Westwood and
Donald Hiss as counsel for American Sugar Refining Co., et al., is
granted.
No. 213. The United States of America, ex rel. Lee Wo Shing, pe-
titioner, v. W. Frank Watkins, District Director of the Immigration
and Naturalization Service in the New York District, etc. The mo-
tion to substitute Edward J. Shaughnessy, Acting District Director,
as the party respondent is granted. The motion to dispense with
printing the petition, brief, and record is also granted. Mr. Justice
Clark took no part in the consideration or decision of these
applications.
No. 2, October Term, 1941. Martin J. Bernards and Lena Ber-
nards, petitioners, v. M. R. Johnson, Catherine Collins, the United
States National Bank of Portland, et al. The motion to recall the
mandate is denied.
No. 113. The United States of America and Interstate Commerce
Commission, appellants, v. Pacific Coast Wholesaler's Association et
al. and

MONDAY, OCTOBER 10, 1949
9
No. 114. Freight Forwarders Institute, appellant, v. Pacific Coast
Wholesaler's Association et al.;
No. 119. Louise M. Wissner and Leandous H. Wissner, appellants,
v. Margaret Wissner;
No. 147. New Jersey Realty Title Insurance Company, appellant,
v. Division of Tax Appeals in the Department of Taxation and
Finance of the State of New Jersey and the City of Newark;
No. 171. The United States of America, appellant, v. Joe Burnison
and Phil C. Katz, Public Administrator of the City and County of
San Francisco; and
No. 188. The United States of America, appellant, v. Charles F.
Gayetty et al. In these cases probable jurisdiction is noted and the
cases are transferred to the summary docket.
No. 173. The United States of America and Interstate Commerce
Commission, appellants, v. United States Smelting, Refining, and Min-
ing Company et al. In this case probable jurisdiction is noted.
No. 60. Julius A. Krug, Department of Interior, petitioner, v.
Sheridan-Wyoming Coal Company, Inc. Petition for writ of cer-
tiorari to the Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia Circuit
granted.
No. 96. R. M. Powell et al., petitioners, v. The United States Car-
tridge Company. The petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of
Appeals for the Eighth Circuit is granted and the case is assigned for
argument immediately preceding the hearing of Nos. 58 and 79,
which cases are transferred to the summary docket.
No. 97. The United States, petitioner, v. Jeff W. Moorman and
James C. Moorman, Co-Partners, Doing Business as J. W. Moorman
and Son. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Claims
granted and case transferred to the summary docket.
No. 126. Commissioner of Internal Revenue, petitioner, v. Phila-
delphia Transportation Company. Petition for writ of certiorari to
the Court of Appeals for the Third Circuit granted and case trans-
ferred to the summary docket.
No. 150. Albert G. Dickinson, petitioner, v. Petroleum Conversion
Corporation. The petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Ap-
peals for the Second Circuit is granted limited to questions 1 and 2
presented by the petition for the writ and the case is transferred to
the summary docket.
No. 154. Wong Yang Sung, petitioner, v. Tom C. Clark, Attorney
General of the United States, et al. The motion to substitute J. Howard
McGrath, present Attorney General, as a party respondent in the

MONDAY, OCTOBER 10, 1949
10
place and stead of Tom C. Clark, is granted. The petition for writ
of certiorari to the Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia
Circuit is granted and the case is transferred to the summary docket.
Mr. Justice Clark took no part in the consideration or decision of
these applications.
No. 157. Civil Aeronautics Board, petitioner, v. State Airlines,
Inc.;
No. 158. State Airlines, Inc., petitioner, v. Civil Aeronautics
Board and Piedmont Aviation, Inc.; and
No. 159. Piedmont Aviation, Inc., petitioner, v. State Airlines,
Inc. Petitions for writs of certiorari to the Court of Appeals for the
District of Columbia Circuit granted.
No. 178. J. Baker Bryan, Sr., petitioner, v. The United States of
America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals for
the Fifth Circuit granted.
No. 200. Floyd G. Affolder, petitioner, v. New York, Chicago and
St. Louis Railroad Company. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
Court of Appeals for the Eighth Circuit granted and case trans-
ferred to the summary docket.
No. 217. The United States of America, petitioner, v. Alexander
Lawrence Alpers. The motion of respondent for leave to file type-
written brief in opposition is granted. Petition for writ of certiorari
to the Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit granted and case trans-
ferred to the summary docket.
No. 230. Swift and Company Packers et al., petitioners, v. Com-
pania Colombiana Del Caribe, S. A. Petition for writ of certiorari
to the Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit granted.
No. 271. Alcoa Steamship Company, Inc., petitioner, v. The
United States of America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court
of Appeals for the Second Circuit granted.
No. 50, Misc. Victor Hubsch, petitioner, v. The United States of
America; and
No. 51, Misc. Margaret Schweitzer, petitioner, v. The United States
of America. The motions for leave to proceed in forma pauperis are
granted. The petitions for writs of certiorari to the Court of Appeals
for the Fifth Circuit are granted and the cases are transferred to the
appellate docket. Mr. Justice Douglas took no part in the considera-
tion or decision of these applications.
No. 52. Constancio R. Alesna, Jose Bagogo Bernal, Daniel Rod-
riquez Ferreira, et al., petitioners, v. Philip L. Rice, as Judge of the
Circuit Court for the Fifth Judicial Circuit of the Territory of

MONDAY, OCTOBER 10, 1949
11
Hawaii, et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals
for the Ninth Circuit denied.
No. 64. Breeding Motor Freight Lines, Inc., Debtor, petitioner, v.
Reconstruction Finance Corporation et al.;
No. 65. Breeding Motor Coaches, Inc., Debtor, petitioner, v. Re-
construction Finance Corporation et al.;
No. 66. Glenn E. Breeding et al., Doing Business as Breeding
Motor Coaches et al., petitioners, v. Reconstruction Finance Corpora-
tion; and
No. 67. Glenn E. Breeding et al., Doing Business as Breeding
Motor Coaches, et al., petitioners, v. Reconstruction Finance Corpora-
tion. Petitions for writs of certiorari to the Court of Appeals for
the Tenth Circuit denied.
No. 68. Lester E. Banning, petitioner, v. Detroit, Toledo and Iron-
ton Railroad Company; and
No. 93. Detroit, Toledo and Ironton Railroad Company, petitioner,
v. Lester E. Banning. Petitions for writs of certiorari to the Court
of Appeals for the Sixth Circuit denied.
No. 73. Meyer P. Gross, Saul Frankel, Murray M. Salzburg, and
Morris H. Snerson, petitioners, v. Willie May Kell, Mary Joe Kell
Putty, Malcolm D. Putty, et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 74. Anthony Vespole, petitioner, v. The United States of
America; and
No. 5, Misc. Salvatore Tanuzzo and Nunze Dellaratta, petitioners,
v. The United States of America. Petitions for writs of certiorari to
the Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit denied.
No. 78. The Good Holding Company, Carolyn G. Good Tucker,
and Owen Tucker, petitioners, v. Frances B. Boswell. Petition for
writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 80. Thomas Hodge, George Hodge, Nettie Powell, et al., peti-
tioners, v. First Presbyterian Church of Sterling, Illinois. Petition
for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Iowa denied.
No. 81. Patrick J. Delahanty and Catherine C. Delahanty, Indi-
vidually and Trading as P. J. Delahanty Manufacturing Co., pe-
titioners, v. John J. Daley. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Su-
preme Court of New Jersey denied.
No. 84. Aero Services, Inc., a Corporation, Debtor, petitioner, v.
John R. Quinn, County Assessor, and H. L. Byram, County Tax Col-
lector of Los Angeles County. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit denied.

MONDAY, OCTOBER 10, 1949
12
No. 85. O. G. Harp, Doing Business as O. G. Harp Poultry and
Egg Company, petitioner, v. The United States of America. Petition
for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals for the Tenth Circuit
denied.
No. 86. Batten, Barton, Durstine and Osborn, Inc., petitioner, v.
Commissioner of Internal Revenue. Petition for writ of certiorari to
the Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit denied.
No. 87. Homer Hoagland, petitioner, v. B. F. Bass. Petition for
writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 88. Edna Pearl Bailey, petitioner, v. B. F. Bass. Petition for
writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 90. James Zarichny, petitioner, v. State Board of Agriculture,
Sarah Van Hoosen Jones, et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
Supreme Court of Michigan denied.
No. 94. Ernest A. Jackson, petitioner, v. Commissioner of Internal
Revenue; and
No. 95. Harris Trust and Savings Bank, as Executor (Estate of
Robert O. Farrell, Deceased), petitioner, v. Commissioner of Internal
Revenue. Petition for writs of certiorari to the Court of Appeals for
the Seventh Circuit denied.
No. 106. Mary E. Doyle, Widow, and Annie E. Doyle, Mother of
Bernard C. Doyle, Deceased, petitioners, v. The Lord Baltimore Hotel
Company, Employer, and Liberty Mutual Insurance Company, In-
surer. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals of Mary-
land denied.
No. 108. Elmer H. Bartlett et al., petitioners, v. Denis W. Delaney,
Collector, et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals
for the First Circuit denied.
No. 110. Local Union No. 807, International Brotherhood of
Teamsters, Chauffeurs, Warehousemen and Helpers of America, et al.,
petitioners, v. Motor Haulage Company, Inc. Petition for writ of
certiorari to the Court of Appeals of New York denied.
No. 111. Eola M. Wright, petitioner, v. W. E. Reynolds, Commis-
sioner, Public Building Administration, Federal Works Agency, et al.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals for the District
of Columbia Circuit denied.
No. 112. Anthony Carr, petitioner, v. National Discount Corpora-
tion. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals for the
Sixth Circuit denied.
No. 115. William Henry Nagel, petitioner, v. State of Oregon.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Oregon denied.
850087-49-3

MONDAY, OCTOBER 10, 1949
13
No. 116. Nancy Bradburn, nee Yarhola, petitioner, v. Shell Oil
Company, Incorporated. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court
of Appeals for the Tenth Circuit denied.
No. 117. Pierce G. White, petitioner, v. Samuel Feinberg. Petition
for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit
denied.
No. 120. Commissioner of Internal Revenue, petitioner, v. H. R.
Smith. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals for the
Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 121. Commissioner of Internal Revenue, petitioner, v. L. F.
Long. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals for the
Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 123. John L. Fahs, U. S. Collector of Internal Revenue for the
District of Florida, petitioner, v. Economy Cab Company of Jackson-
ville, and Thrift Cabs, Inc. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 124. John L. Fahs, U. S. Collector of Internal Revenue for the
District of Florida, petitioner, v. New Deal Cab Company. Petition
for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit
denied.
No. 125. The United States of America, petitioner, v. Party Cab
Company. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals for
the Seventh Circuit denied.
No. 127. George T. Goggin, as Trustee of the Estate of A. Moody
and Co., Inc., Bankrupt, petitioner, v. H. L. Byram, Tax Collector
for the County of Los Angeles, State of California. Petition for
writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit
denied.
No. 128. Earle C. Anthony, Inc., petitioner, v. Kenneth E. Mor-
rison and The Voice of the Orange Empire, Inc., et al. Petition for
writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit
denied.
No. 129. Ralph E. Jones, petitioner, v. Schick Services, Inc., and
Schick, Inc. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals
for the Ninth Circuit denied.
No. 130. Alvie D. Killian, petitioner, v. The Pennsylvania Rail-
road Company and P. R. Mallory and Co., Inc. Petition for writ
of certiorari to the Appellate Court of Illinois, First District, denied.
No. 131. Freda Goodman, petitioner, v. City of Chicago. Petition
for writ of certiorari to the Appellate Court of Illinois, First Dis-
trict, denied.

MONDAY, OCTOBER 10, 1949
14
No. 132. Philadelphia Transportation Company, petitioner, v.
Florence T. Smith and John M. Smith, Her Husband, et al.; and
No. 133. Philadelphia Transportation Company, petitioner, v.
Abigail Sterner and Benjamin D. Fenimore. Petition for writs of
certiorari to the Court of Appeals for the Third Circuit denied.
No. 135. Sam Macri, Don Macri, and Joe Macri, Individuals and
Copartners, petitioners v. The United States of America, For the
Use of M. C. Schaefer, an Individual Doing Business as Concrete
Construction Company et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit denied.
No. 136. J. S. Butnam and Stanley M. Burns, Executors of the
Estate of Abraham Burtman, petitioners, v. State of New Hampshire.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of New Hamp-
shire denied.
No. 139. Mario Mercado e Hijos, petitioner, v. Charles F. Bran-
nan, Secretary of Agriculture. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
Court of Appeals for the First Circuit denied.
No. 141. Clarence O. Russell and Ruby Russell, petitioners, v. The
Board of County Commissioners of the County of Oklahoma. Peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals for the Tenth Cir-
cuit denied.
No. 142. General Box Company, petitioner, v. Central Metal Prod-
ucts Company. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals
for the Sixth Circuit denied.
No. 143. Benjamin J. Weil, petitioner, v. Commissioner of Internal
Revenue; and
No. 144. L. Victor Weil, petitioner, v. Commissioner of Internal
Revenue. Petition for writs of certiorari to the Court of Appeals for
the Second Circuit denied.
No. 145. Baxter Creek Irrigation District and W. Coburn Cook,
Trustee, petitioners, v. State of California, Fish and Game Commission
of the State of California. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit denied.
No. 146. Alcoa Steamship Company, Incorporated, Cunard White
Star Line Limited, et al., petitioners, v. Joseph McMahon, as Presi-
dent, et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals
for the Second Circuit denied.
No. 151. Henry Behrens, petitioner, v. J. Scott Skelly, Charles E.
Dexter, Jr., Marc J. Sandler, et al. Petition for writ of certiorari
to the Court of Appeals for the Third Circuit denied.

MONDAY, OCTOBER 10, 1949
15
No. 152. John E. Gibbons, petitioner, v. The Detroit and Toledo
Shore Line Railroad Company. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
Court of Appeals for the Sixth Circuit denied.
No. 153. Saint Lo Construction Company, Inc., petitioner, v. Law-
rence Koenigsberger, et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia Circuit denied.
No. 160. Walter A. Lavender, Administrator of the Estate of
Charles Lee Hunter, Deceased, petitioner, v. Illinois Central Railroad
Company. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of
Missouri denied.
No. 161. Henry D. Green, Doing Business as Green Harvester and
Implement Co., petitioner, v. Allis-Chalmers Manufacturing Co.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals for the Fourth
Circuit denied.
No. 164. John R. Gillis, Doing Business as The Gillis Van Service
and The Gillis Van Service, a Corporation, petitioners, v. Keystone
Mutual Casualty Company et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to
the Court of Appeals for the Sixth Circuit denied.
No. 166. The Village of Highland Falls, New York, petitioner, v.
The United States. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of
Claims denied.
No. 167. Paul J. Ziegler, petitioner, v. The United States of Amer-
ica. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals for the
Ninth Circuit denied.
No. 170. Park-In Theatres, Inc., petitioner, v. Loew's Drive-In
Theatres, Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals for
the First Circuit denied.
No. 176. Gulf, Mobile and Ohio Railroad Company, petitioner, v.
James B. Maxie. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court
of Missouri denied.
No. 179. The United States of America, petitioner, v. S. S. Aus-
tralia Star et al., and Six Other Proceedings. Petition for writ of
certiorari to the Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit denied.
No. 180. Main Street Bank et al., petitioners, v. Dan M. Nee, Col-
lector of Internal Revenue. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
Court of Appeals for the Eighth Circuit denied.
No. 181. The Uptown Club of Manhattan, Incorporated, peti-
tioner, v. The United States. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
Court of Claims denied.

MONDAY, OCTOBER 10, 1949
16
No. 183. Holloway Gravel Company, Inc., petitioner, v. William
R. McComb, Administrator of the Wage and Hour Division, United
States Department of Labor. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 184. Marcelino Garcia et al., as Executors of the Last Will and
Testament of Manuel Diaz, Deceased, et al., petitioners, v. Pan Amer-
ican Airways, Inc., and R. O. D. Sullivan. Petition for writ of cer-
tiorari to the Supreme Court of New York, Westchester County,
denied.
No. 185. Frank W. Blair, Louis H. Charbonneau, and Lucius
Teter, Trustees, etc., petitioners, v. John C. Finan. Petition for writ
of certiorari to the Court of Appeals for the Sixth Circuit denied.
No. 187. Albert W. Newsom et al., petitioners, v. E. I. Du Pont
De Nemours and Company. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
Court of Appeals for the Sixth Circuit denied.
No. 189. Shamrock Towing Co., Inc., petitioner, v. F. E. Grau-
willer Transportation Co., Inc. et al. Petition for writ of certiorari
to the Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit denied.
No. 190. Glen S. Dille, petitioner, v. W. A. Delaney, Jr., Zephyr
Drilling Company and The Carter Oil Company. Petition for writ
of certiorari to the Court of Appeals for the Tenth Circuit denied.
No. 191. Joseph B. Cooper and Son, Inc., as Owner of 84.80 Ounces
of Platinum, petitioner, v. The United States of America. Petition for
writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit
denied.
No. 192. The Commission of the Department of Public Utilities of
the Commonwealth of Massachusetts, petitioner, v. Lowell Gas Com-
pany. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Judicial Court
of Massachusetts denied.
No. 193. Palm Beach Trust Company, petitioner, v. Commissioner
of Internal Revenue. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of
Appeals for the District of Columbia Circuit denied.
No. 194. Mrs. Anna L. Graves et al., petitioners, v. Springfield Gas
and Electric Company. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme
Court of Missouri denied.
No. 201. Atlantic Coast Line Railroad Company, petitioner, v. L. C.
Haselden. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of
South Carolina denied.
No. 202. Dairymen's League Co-Operative Association, Inc., peti-
tioner, v. Charles F. Brannan, as Secretary of Agriculture of The

'
MONDAY, OCTOBER 10, 1949
17
United States. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals
for the Second Circuit denied.
No. 204. N. C. Hines, petitioner, v. Thomas E. Edwards. Petition
for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals for the District of
Columbia Circuit denied.
No. 206. Radcliffe Morris Urquhart and George G. Urquhart, pe‐
titioners, v. Pyrene Manufacturing Company. Petition for writ of
certiorari to the Court of Appeals for the Third Circuit denied.
No. 208. Gulf Coast Western Oil Co., Inc., petitioner, v. M. E.
Trapp. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals for
the Tenth Circuit denied.
No. 209. Burman Properties, Inc., et al., petitioners, v. Roscoe L.
McKinney et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals
for the District of Columbia Circuit denied.
No. 211. Centaur Construction Company, Inc., petitioner, v. The
United States. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Claims
denied.
No. 216. State of Ohio, ex rel. Calvin Bevis, petitioner, v. George
L. Coffinberry et al., as Members of the Industrial Commission of
Ohio. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Ohio
denied.
No. 219. Kentucky Trust Company, Executor of the Estate of
Martin L. Schmidt, petitioner, v. Selden R. Glenn, Collector of In-
ternal Revenue. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals
for the Sixth Circuit denied.
No. 220. Jovita Perez, petitioner, v. The United States of America.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Customs and Patent
Appeals denied.
No. 225. The Andrew Jergens Company, petitioner, v. National
Labor Relations Board. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court
of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit denied.
No. 227. Thomas B. Morgan, petitioner, v. C. B. Horrall, Chief of
Police of the City of Los Angeles, County of Los Angeles, State of
California. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals for
the Ninth Circuit denied.
No. 228. William R. Brown, petitioner, v. Vincent O'Brien. Peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Illinois denied.
No. 231. Standard Duplicating Machines Company, Inc., peti-
tioner, v. American Business Machines Corporation. Petition for writ
of certiorari to the Court of Appeals for the First Circuit denied.

MONDAY, OCTOBER 10, 1949
18
No. 232. W. Brown Morton, petitioner, v. Commissioner of Inter
nal Revenue. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals
for the Second Circuit denied.
No. 233. The Colonial Trust Company of Pittsburgh, Pa., Agent
for the Shareholders of the Bank of Pittsburgh National Associa-
tion, petitioner, v. Fidelity Trust Company, Trustee Under the Will
of John A. Harper, Deceased.. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
Court of Appeals for the Third Circuit denied.
No. 234. Grant J. Cowher, petitioner, v. The Pennsylvania Rail-
road Company. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Appellate Court
of Illinois, First District, denied.
No. 239. Frederick J. Boyce, Zelma L. Boyce, Agnes S. Brodie,
et al., petitioners, v. Chemical Plastics, Inc., Bankrupt. Petition for
writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals for the Eighth Circuit
denied.
No. 243. Althea I. Cunningham, petitioner, v. City of Chicago, a
Municipal Corporation. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Appel-
late Court of Illinois, First District, denied.
No. 251. The Baltimore and Ohio Railroad Company, petitioner,
v. M. Hampton Magruder, Collector of Internal Revenue, etc. Peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals for the Fourth
Circuit denied.
No. 253. Eureka Williams Corporation, petitioner, v. Syncromatic
Corporation. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals
for the Seventh Circuit denied.
No. 254. Wayne F. Woodruff, petitioner, v. R. P. Balkcom, Jr.,
Warden, Georgia State Prison, Reidsville, Georgia. Petition for
writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Georgia denied.
No. 263. Joseph F. Bent and William Amos Jones, petitioners, v.
The United States of America. Petition for writ of certiorari to
the Court of Appeals for the Eighth Circuit denied.
No. 264. Aetna Life Insurance Company, petitioner, v. Homer M.
Preston. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals for
the Seventh Circuit denied.
No. 281. L. C. Campbell et al., petitioners, v. Beaver Bayou Drain-
age District. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of
Arkansas denied.
No. 91. Alfonso Battaglino, petitioner, v. George C. Marshall, Sec-
retary of State of The United States. The motion to substitute Dean
G. Acheson, Secretary of State, as the party respondent is granted.

MONDAY, OCTOBER 10, 1949
19
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals for the Second
Circuit denied.
No. 92. Turner Glass Corporation, petitioner, v. Hartford-Empire
Company, Owens-Illinois Glass Company, Hazel-Atlas Glass Com-
pany, et al. The motion to dispense with printing the record is granted.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals for the Seventh
Circuit denied. Mr. Justice Black is of the opinion certiorari should
be granted. Mr. Justice Douglas took no part in the consideration or
decision of this application.
No. 100. Andrew J. May, petitioner, v. The United States of
America;
No. 101. Murray Garsson, petitioner, v. The United States of
America; and
No. 102. Henry M. Garsson, petitioner, v. The United States of
America. Petitions for writs of certiorari to the Court of Appeals for
the District of Columbia Circuit denied. The Chief Justice and Mr.
Justice Clark took no part in the consideration or decision of these
applications.
No. 165. Ernst Schwenk, petitioner, v. The United States of Amer-
ica. The motion to dispense with printing the petition and record is
granted. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals for
the Second Circuit denied. Mr. Justice Douglas took no part in the
consideration or decision of this application.
No. 172. Harry W. Schuermann, petitioner, v. The United States
of America. The motion to dispense with printing the record is
granted. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals for
the Eighth Circuit denied.
No. 195. Maryland and Virginia Milk Producers Association, Inc.,
et al., petitioners, v. The United States of America. Petition for writ
of certiorari to the Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia
Circuit denied. Mr. Justice Clark took no part in the consideration or
decision of this application.
No. 205. D. Lee Andrews, petitioner, v. Hamilton County Hospi-
tal, et al. The motion to dispense with printing the record is granted.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Indiana
denied.
No. 207. Jack Principale, petitioner, v. General Public Utilities
Corporation, et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of
Appeals for the Second Circuit denied. Mr. Justice Douglas took
no part in the consideration or decision of this application.

MONDAY, OCTOBER 10, 1949
20
No. 210. Auburn Savings Bank, Eastport Savings Bank, and
Skowhegan Savings Bank, petitioners, v. Portland Railroad Com-
pany et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Judicial
Court of Maine denied. Mr. Justice Douglas took no part in the
consideration or decision of this application.
No. 222. Ralph L. Robinson, petitioner, v. The United States of
America; and
No. 223. John S. Bleker, Jr., petitioner, v. The United States of
America. The motion to dispense with printing the record is granted.
Petition for writs of certiorari to the Court of Appeals for the
Ninth Circuit denied.
No. 241. Ben L. Beets, petitioner, v. Walter A. Hunter, Warden,
United States Penitentiary, Leavenworth, Kansas. The motion to
dispense with printing the record is granted. Petition for writ of
certiorari to the Court of Appeals for the Tenth Circuit denied.
No. 247. Arthur W. Gibson, petitioner, v. International Freighting
Corporation. The motion to proceed on typewritten papers is
granted. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals for
the Third Circuit denied.
No. 261. Frank M. Cobb, petitioner, v. Commissioner of Internal
Revenue. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals
for the Sixth Circuit denied. Mr. Justice Black and Mr. Justice
Jackson are of the opinion certiorari should be granted.
No. 12, October Term, 1948. Virgil T. Brinegar, petitioner, v. The
United States of America;
No. 128, October Term, 1948. The Farmers Reservoir and Irriga-
tion Company, petitioner, v. William R. McComb, Administrator of
the Wage and Hour Division of the United States Department of
Labor;
No. 196, October Term, 1948. William R. McComb, Administrator
of the Wage and Hour Division of the United States Department of
Labor, petitioner, v. The Farmers Reservoir and Irrigation Com-
pany;
No. 287, October Term, 1948. Interstate Oil Pipe Line Company,
appellant, v. A. H. Stone, Chairman, State Tax Commission;
No. 351, October Term, 1948. Cosmopolitan Shipping Company,
Inc., petitioner, v. Robert A. McAllister;
No. 509, October Term, 1948. Otto A. Kohl, petitioner, v. Commis-
sioner of Internal Revenue;
No. 522, October Term, 1948. Julius Ranny Ragan, petitioner, v.
Merchants Transfer & Warehouse Company, Inc.;
850087-49-4

MONDAY, OCTOBER 10, 1949
21
No. 604, October Term, 1948. Ajax Trucking Company, Inc.,
appellant, v. Rollin Browne, et al., As and Constituting the State Tax
Commission of the State of New York;
No. 659, October Term, 1948. Kaname Fujino, petitioner, v. Tom
C. Clark, Attorney General of the United States;
No. 740, October Term, 1948. Anna M. Tibbals and John J.
Spriggs, petitioners, v. Mica Mountain Mines, Inc., et al.;
No. 748, October Term, 1948. George F. Zimmermann, petitioner,
v. The United States of America;
No. 788, October Term, 1948. Estella Latta, Jones M. Griffin, and
Alvin Chambers, petitioners, v. Western Investment Company, et al.;
No. 791, October Term, 1948. Continental Casualty Company, pe-
titioner, v. The United States of America, For the Use of M. C.
Schaefer, an Individual Doing Business as Concrete Construction
Company, et al.;
No. 826, October Term, 1948. Irene B. Whetstone, petitioner, v.
The United States of America;
No. 832, October Term, 1948. Julius Hall Lyons, petitioner, v. Cap-
ital Transit Company; and
No. 877, October Term, 1948. James T. Keating, petitioner, v. The
United States of America. The petitions for rehearing in these cases
are severally denied. Mr. Justice Clark took no part in the con-
sideration or decision of these applications.
No. 31, October Term, 1948. Jess Larson, as War Assets Adminis-
trator and Surplus Property Administrator, petitioner, v. Domestic
and Foreign Commerce Corporation. The petition for rehearing and
alternative motion to amend the judgment and mandate is denied.
Mr. Justice Clark took no part in the consideration or decision of this
application.
No. 84, October Term, 1948. Commissioner of Internal Revenue,
petitioner, v. Pelham G. Wodehouse. The petition for rehearing is
denied. Mr. Justice Douglas and Mr. Justice Clark took no part in
the consideration or decision of this application.
No. 253, October Term, 1948. The United States, petitioner, v.
Penn Foundry and Manufacturing Company, Inc. The petition for
rehearing, or for modification of judgment remanding case for addi-
tional findings is denied. Mr. Justice Clark took no part in the con-
sideration or decision of this application.
No. 279, October Term, 1948. Standard Oil Company of California
and Standard Stations, Inc., appellants, v. The United States of Amer-
ica. It is ordered that the first sentence of the first paragraph on page
19 of the slip opinion, which begins "In this connection it is significant

MONDAY, OCTOBER 10, 1949
* * *99
22
that the qualifying language was
be, and it is hereby
amended to read as follows: "In this connection it is significant that
the qualifying language was not added until after the House and Sen-
ate bills reached Conference." The petition for rehearing is denied.
Mr. Justice Clark took no part in the consideration or decision of this
application.
No. 390, October Term, 1948. Henry M. Propper, as Receiver of
the Property and Assets Within the State of New York of A. K. M.,
petitioner, v. Tom C. Clark, Attorney General, as Successor to the
Alien Property Custodian. The petition for rehearing is denied.
The Chief Justice and Mr. Justice Clark took no part in the consid-
eration or decision of this application.
No. 525, October Term, 1948. Hyman Moore, petitioner, v. Com-
missioner of Internal Revenue. The motion for leave to file petition
for rehearing is denied. Mr. Justice Clark took no part in the con-
sideration or decision of this application.
No. 649, October Term, 1948. Longyear Holding Company, Helen
H. Bennett, C. M. Hill Lumber Company, et al., appellants, v. State
of Minnesota. The motion for leave to file a second petition for re-
hearing is denied. Mr. Justice Burton and Mr. Justice Clark took
no part in the consideration or decision of this application.
No. 671, October Term, 1948. Samuel Titto Williams, appellant, v.
The People of the State of New York. The petition for rehearing
of the order of June 27, 1949, is denied. Mr. Justice Clark took no
part in the consideration or decision of this application.
No. 795, October Term, 1948. Irving Fainblatt, petitioner, v. Com.
missioner of Internal Revenue; and
No. 796, October Term, 1948. Leon Fainblatt, petitioner, v. Com-
missioner of Internal Revenue. The motion for leave to file petition
for rehearing is denied. Mr. Justice Clark took no part in the con-
sideration or decision of this application.
No. 810, October Term, 1948. The Carter Oil Company, petitioner,
v. Harlan B. Ramsey and Ruby Ramsey. The motion of petitioner
for leave to file certified copy of order of Circuit Court of Fayette
County is denied. The petition for rehearing is denied. Mr. Justice
Clark took no part in the consideration or decision of these ap-
plications.
No. 66, Misc., October Term, 1948. Julius Edward Epple, peti-
tioner, v. Clinton T. Duffy, Warden;
No. 417, Misc., October Term, 1948. Frank Whelan, petitioner, v.
The United States of America;
850087-49-

MONDAY, OCTOBER 10, 1949
23
No. 440, Misc., October Term, 1948. Langburn A. Wilde, petitioner,
v. State of Louisiana;
No. 581, Misc., October Term, 1948. Inez Horton Gay, petitioner,
v. Fidelity Union Trust Company, Executor and Trustee, etc.;
No. 598, Misc., October Term, 1948. Bernard M. Shotkin et al.,
petitioners, v. The Denver Publishing Company et al.;
No. 628, Misc., October Term, 1948. Robert Reeves, petitioner, v.
State of Georgia;
No. 629, Misc., October Term, 1948. Alva Wallace, petitioner, v.
The United States of America; and
No. 666, Misc., October Term, 1948. Irwin Edelman, petitioner, v.
People of the State of California. The petitions for rehearing in
these cases are severally denied. Mr. Justice Douglas and Mr. Justice
Clark took no part in the consideration or decision of these appli-
cations.
No. 480, Misc., October Term, 1948. R. W. Agnew, petitioner, v.
People of the State of California. The second petition for rehearing
is denied. Mr. Justice Douglas and Mr. Justice Clark took no part in
the consideration or decision of this application.
No. 4, Misc. Larry J. Gray, petitioner, v. C. J. Burke, Warden.
On petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Pennsyl-
vania;
No. 8, Misc. William Theodore Lovely, petitioner, v. The United
States of America. On petition for writ of certiorari to the Court
of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit ;
No. 11, Misc. Clifford Daugharty, petitioner, v. The United States
of America. On petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Ap-
peals for the Ninth Circuit;
No. 12, Misc. Michael Austin, petitioner, v. People of the State of
Michigan. On petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court
of Michigan;
No. 14, Misc. James Kehoe, petitioner, v. People of the State of
California. On petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court
of California;
No. 19, Misc. W. E. Maxwell, petitioner, v. Robert H. Hudspeth,
Warden. On petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals
for the Tenth Circuit;
No. 20, Misc. Jesse E. Small, petitioner, v. Joseph E. Ragen,
Warden. On petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of
Will County; Circuit Court of Hancock County; and the Supreme
Court of the State of Illinois;

MONDAY, OCTOBER 10, 1949
24
No. 21, Misc. James Darden, petitioner, v. Joseph E. Ragen,
Warden. On petition for writ of certiorari to the Criminal Court
of Cook County, State of Illinois;
No. 22, Misc. Frank Lee, petitioner, v. Joseph E. Ragen, Warden.
On petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of Will County,
State of Illinois;
No. 25, Misc. Ray Abbott, petitioner, v. People of the State of Illi-
nois. On petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of
Illinois;
No. 27, Misc. Francis R. McDonald, petitioner, v. R. H. Hudspeth,
Warden. On petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court
of Kansas;
No. 28, Misc. Truman W. Powell, petitioner, v. Leonard S. Turner,
Sheriff. On petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of
Kansas;
No. 30, Misc. Chester E. McConahay, petitioner, v. People of the
State of California. On petition for writ of certiorari to the Su-
preme Court of California;
No. 31, Misc. James Robert Bacom, petitioner, v. State of Florida.
On petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Florida;
No. 35, Misc. William Rebeske, petitioner, v. People of the State
of Michigan. On petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court
of Michigan;
No. 36, Misc. Henry E. Eberle, petitioner, v. Edwin T. Swenson,
Warden. On petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals
of Maryland;
No. 38, Misc. Reyes Valdez, petitioner, v. The People of the State
of California, et al. On petition for writ of certiorari to the Su-
preme Court of California;
No. 40, Misc. Dan Fields, petitioner, v. Ben B. Stewart, Warden.
On petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Missouri;
No. 41, Misc. David H. Johnson, petitioner, v. State of Utah. On
petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Utah;
No. 43, Misc. Robert R. Nicholson, petitioner, v. Joseph E. Ragen,
Warden. On petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of
Winnebago County, State of Illinois;
No. 45, Misc. Wesley Robert Wells, petitioner, v. The People of
the State of California. On petition for writ of certiorari to the
Supreme Court of California;
No. 46, Misc. Walter Wietecha, petitioner, v. State of Michigan.
On petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Michigan;

MONDAY, OCTOBER 10, 1949
25
No. 52, Misc. John Brennan, petitioner, v. Joseph E. Ragen,
Warden. On petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of
Will County, State of Illinois;
No. 53, Misc. Theodore Booker, petitioner, v. Joseph E. Ragen,
Warden. On petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of
Will County, State of Illinois;
No. 54, Misc. Frank Hunter et al., petitioners, v. Madison Avenue
Corporation. On petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of
Appeals for the Sixth Circuit ;
No. 55, Misc. Helen Maxine Castor, petitioner, v. The United States
of America et al. On petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of
Appeals for the Eighth Circuit;
No. 58, Misc. Earl Randall Freeland, petitioner, v. Warden, Mary-
land Penitentiary. On petition for writ of certiorari to the Court
of Appeals of Maryland;
No. 61, Misc. George McKee, petitioner, v. People of the State of
New York. On petition for writ of certiorari to the Appellate Divi-
sion of the Supreme Court of New York, First Department;
No. 62, Misc. Clarence Tucker, petitioner, v. R. W. Alvis, Warden.
On petition for writ of certiorari to the Second District Court of
Appeals, Franklin County, State of Ohio;
No. 63, Misc. Harris Bailey, petitioner, v. Browning Robinson,
Warden. On petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of
Illinois;
No. 66, Misc. Henry Allen, petitioner, v. People of the State of
Illinois. On petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of
Massac County, State of Illinois;
No. 69, Misc. O'Neal Massey, petitioner, v. H. E. Moore, Warden.
On petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals for the
Fifth Circuit ;
No. 71, Misc. Marshall Stevens, petitioner, v. Robert A. Heinze,
Warden. On petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of
California;
No. 72, Misc. Roy C. Blackburn, petitioner, v. State of Ohio. On
petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Ohio;
No. 74, Misc. Kenneth Lester Jenkins, petitioner, v. Tom Smith,
Supt. On petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of
Washington;
No. 76, Misc. Glenn Nathan Marsh, petitioner, v. People of the
State of Illinois. On petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme
Court of Illinois;

MONDAY, OCTOBER 10, 1949
26
No. 77, Misc. Commonwealth of Pennsylvania, ex rel. Albert
Spader, petitioner, v. C. J. Burke, Warden. On petition for writ of
certiorari to the Supreme Court of Pennsylvania;
No. 81, Misc. Mollie Eagle, petitioner, v. Benjamin Cherney and
Samuel H. Berger. On petition for writ of certiorari to the Court
of Appeals of New York;
No. 84, Misc. Morris Leder, petitioner, v. The People of the State
of California, et al. On petition for writ of certiorari to the Su-
preme Court of California;
No. 87, Misc. The People of the State of Illinois, ex rel. James H.
Anderson, petitioner, v. Browning Robinson, Warden. On petition
for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of Randolph County, State
of Illinois;
No. 93, Misc. William Wilson, Jr., petitioner, v. State of Texas.
On petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Criminal Appeals
of Texas;
No. 95, Misc. Daniel P. Atwood, petitioner, v. Warden, Maryland
House of Correction. On petition for writ of certiorari to the Court
of Appeals of Maryland;
No. 97, Misc. Bruce Pierce, petitioner, v. Tom Smith, Superintend-
ent. On petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals for
the Ninth Circuit;
No. 111, Misc. Paul S. Campbell, petitioner, v. Ralph N. Eidson,
Warden. On petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court
of Missouri;
No. 112, Misc. Morgan A. Israel and Michael Patrick Marvich,
petitioners, v. People of the State of California. On petition for
writ of certiorari to the District Court of Appeal, 4th Appelllate Dis-
trict, State of California;
No. 113, Misc. Leroy Johnson, petitioner, v. Joseph E. Ragen,
Warden, et al. On petition for writ of certiorari to the Criminal
Court of Cook County, State of Illlinois;
No. 114, Misc. Robert Winkenson, petitioner, v. Joseph E. Ragen,
Warden. On petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of
Will County, State of Illinois;
No. 115, Misc. Basil Baid, petitioner, v. W. C. Miller, Warden.
On petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Wyoming;
No. 117, Misc. Marshall Stevens, petitioner, v. People of the State
of California, et al. On petition for writ of certiorari to the Su-
preme Court of California;
No. 120, Misc. Glenn H. Goodman, petitioner, v. State of Iowa.
On petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Iowa; and

MONDAY, OCTOBER 10, 1949
27
No. 124, Misc. Earl Commack, petitioner, v. Gerald F. Bush,
Warden, State Branch Prison, Marquette, Michigan. On petition for
writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals for the Sixth Circuit. The
petitions for writs of certiorari in these cases are severally denied.
Mr. Justice Douglas took no part in the consideration or decision of
these applications.
No. 73, Misc. Herman J. D. Carter, petitioner, v. James Forrestal,
Secretary of National Defense. The motion to extend the time to file
petition for writ of certiorari is denied. Petition for writ of certiorari
to the Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia Circuit denied.
Mr. Justice Douglas took no part in the consideration or decision of
these applications.
No. 100, Misc. Herman Frederick Weber, petitioner, v. Joseph E.
Ragen, Warden. The petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of
Appeals for the Seventh Circuit is dismissed. Mr. Justice Douglas
took no part in the consideration or decision of this application.
No. 1, Misc. Joseph Walker, petitioner, v. Joseph E. Ragen,
Warden. On petition for writ of certiorari to the Criminal Court of
Cook County, State of Illinois;
No. 26, Misc. Calogero Boscio, petitioner, v. Joseph E. Ragen,
Warden. On petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of
Winnebago County, State of Illinois;
No. 37, Misc. Joseph Villasenor, petitioner, v. Joseph E. Ragen,
Warden. On petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of
Will County, State of Illinois;
No. 42, Misc. Edmond Arthur Rohde, petitioner, v. People of the
State of Illinois. On petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme
Court of Illinois;
No. 60, Misc. Wardell Murphy, petitioner, v. Joseph E. Ragen,
Warden. On petition for writ of certiorari to the Criminal Court of
Cook County, State of Illinois;
No. 67, Misc. Leroy Cox, petitioner, v. People of the State of Illi-
nois. On petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of Ran-
dolph County, State of Illinois; and
No. 103, Misc. Sterling Ferguson, petitioner, v. Joseph E. Ragen,
Warden. On petition for writ of certiorari to the Criminal Court of
Cook County, State of Illinois. The petition for writ of certiorari
in each of these cases is denied without consideration of the questions
raised therein and without prejudice to the institution by petitioner
of proceedings in any Illinois state court of competent jurisdiction
under the Act of August 4, 1949, entitled: "An Act to provide a remedy

MONDAY, OCTOBER 10, 1949
28
for persons convicted and imprisoned in the penitentiary, who assert
that rights guaranteed them by the Constitution of the United States
or the State of Illinois, or both, have been denied or violated, in pro-
ceedings in which they were convicted." Mr. Justice Douglas took
no part in the consideration or decision of these applications.
No. 9, Misc. Halder E. Perry, petitioner, v. Dr. I. W. Steele,
Warden;
No. 13, Misc. Henry Nelson, petitioner, v. Joseph E. Ragen,
Warden;
No. 17, Misc. Louis Hendren, petitioner, v. Percy A. Lainson,
Warden;
No. 33, Misc. Francis N. Richardson, petitioner, v. State of Penn-
sylvania;
No. 65, Misc. James Wilson, petitioner, v. George Vice, U. S.
Marshal, et al.;
No. 83, Misc. Ex parte Sol Newstead, petitioner ;
No. 104, Misc. In the Matter of Dennis Holmes, petitioner; and
No. 122, Misc. Charles D. Hatfield, petitioner, v. Julian N. Frisbie,
Warden. The motions for leave to file petitions for writs of habeas
corpus are denied. Mr. Justice Douglas took no part in the considera-
tion or decision of these applications.
No. 29, Misc. Manuel Rego Seren, petitioner, v. Joseph E. Ragen,
Warden. The motion for leave to file petition for writ of certiorari is
denied. Mr. Justice Douglas took no part in the consideration or
decision of this application.
No. 34, Misc. William J. Schuble, petitioner, v. Hon. Luther Swy-
gert, District Judge. The motion for leave to file petition for writ of
mandamus is denied. Mr. Justice Douglas took no part in the con-
sideration or decision of this application.
No. 39, Misc. People of the State of Illinois, ex rel. Edward J.
Sterba, Jr., petitioner, v. Chief Justice William Fulton, et al. The
motion for leave to file petition for writ of mandamus and for other
relief is denied. Mr. Justice Douglas took no part in the consideration
or decision of this application.
No. 56, Misc. Richard O'Neill, petitioner, v. Browning Robinson,
Warden. The motion for leave to file petition for writ of certiorari
is denied. Mr. Justice Douglas took no part in the consideration or
decision of this application.
No. 109, Misc. In the Matter of James Albert Hence and Mark
D. Hannah, petitioners. The application is denied. Mr. Justice
Douglas took no part in the consideration or decision of this appli-
cation.

MONDAY, OCTOBER 10, 1949
29
No. 16. Leroy Graham et al., petitioner, v. Brotherhood of Loco-
motive Firemen and Enginemen. Argued by Mr. Joseph L. Rauh, Jr.,
for the petitioners and by Mr. Milton Kramer for the respondent.
No. 10. American Communications Association, C. I. O., et al.,
appellants, v. Charles T. Douds, Individually and as Regional Di-
rector of the National Labor Relations Board, Second Region. Argu-
ment commenced by Mr. Victor Rabinowitz for the appellants and
continued by Mr. Solicitor General Perlman for the appellee.
Adjourned until tomorrow at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Tuesday, October 11, will be as follows: Nos. 10,
13, 17, 20, 11 (and 15), 19, 18, 31, 26, and 23.
Х

TUESDAY, OCTOBER 11, 1949
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
30
Present: Mr. Chief Justice Vinson, Mr. Justice Black, Mr. Justice
Reed, Mr. Justice Frankfurter, Mr. Justice Jackson, Mr. Justice
Burton, and Mr. Justice Clark.
Clark C. Bowers, of Washington, N. J.; Edwin G. Fiedler, Jr., of
Lancaster, Pa.; Albert Franz, of New York City; Martin Bry-Nildsen,
Jr., of Washington, N. J.; and Wilbur M. Rush, of Washington, N. J.,
were admitted to practice.
No. 10. American Communications Association, C. I. O., et al.,
appellants, v. Charles T. Douds, Individually and as Regional Di-
rector of the National Labor Relations Board, Second Region. Argu-
ment continued by Mr. Solicitor General Perlman for the appellee and
concluded by Mr. Victor Rabinowitz for the appellants.
No. 13. United Steelworkers of America et al., petitioners, v. Na-
tional Labor Relations Board. Argued by Mr. Thomas E. Harris for
the petitioners and by Mr. Solicitor General Perlman for the
respondent.
No. 17. Alexander Boyd, petitioner, v. Grand Trunk Western
Railroad Company. Argued by Mr. Melvin L. Griffith for the peti-
tioner and by Mr. George F. Gronewold and Mr. H. Victor Spike for
the respondent.
No. 20. Oscar F. Treichler, Executor of the Estate of Fred A. Mil-
ler, appellant, v. State of Wisconsin. Argument commenced by Mr.
Alexander W. Schutz for the appellant and continued by Mr. Harold
H. Persons for the appellee.
Adjourned until tomorrow at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Wednesday, October 12, will be as follows: Nos. 20,
11 (and 15), 19, 18, 31, 26, 23, 24, 27 (and 30), and 32.
850087-49- -6

WEDNESDAY, OCTOBER 12, 1949
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
31
Present: Mr. Chief Justice Vinson, Mr. Justice Black, Mr. Justice
Reed, Mr. Justice Frankfurter, Mr. Justice Jackson, Mr. Justice
Burton, Mr. Justice Clark, and Mr. Justice Minton.
V. Géigel Polanco, of San Juan, P. R.; José Trías Monge, of San
Juan, P. R.: Homer D. Smith, of Jeffersonvile, Ind.; Edward N.
Bolly, of Jeffersonville, Ind.; Warren W. Martin, Jr., of Jefferson-
ville, Ind.; Owen Voigt, of Jeffersonville, Ind.; Wallace L. Schubert,
of Wilmar, Minn.; Milton P. Kupfer, of New York City; Thomas
S. Pointer, of Jeffersonville, Ind.; David Elmer Ward, of Tampa,
Fla.; John W. Donahoo, of Jacksonville, Fla.; William T. Rogers, of
Jacksonville, Fla.; Charles M. Munnecke, of Lindstrom, Minn.; Jacob
Kossman, of Philadelphia, Pa.; Dixon W. Prentice, of Jeffersonville,
Ind.; and Albert Meranda, of Jeffersonville, Ind., were admitted to
practice.
The Chief Justice said:
"The President has nominated and, with the advice and consent of
the Senate, has appointed Circuit Judge Sherman Minton, of Indiana,
to be an Associate Justice of this Court in succession to Associate
Justice Wiley Rutledge. deceased. He has presented his commission
and has taken the oaths prescribed by law. It is ordered that his
commission be recorded and that his oaths be filed."
The commission of Mr. Justice Minton is in the words and figures
following, viz:
"HARRY S. TRUMAN
"PRESIDENT OF THE UNITED STATES OF AMERICA
"To all who shall see these Presents, Greeting:
"Know ye: That reposing special trust and confidence in the
wisdom, uprightness, and learning of Sherman Minton, of Indiana,
I have nominated and, by and with the advice and consent of the
Senate, do appoint him an Associate Justice of the Supreme Court
of the United States and do authorize and empower him to execute
and fulfil the duties of that office according to the Constitution and
laws of the said United States, and to have and to hold the said office,
with all the powers, privileges, and emoluments to the same of right
appertaining, unto him, the said Sherman Minton, during his good
behavior.
850087-49-7

WEDNESDAY, OCTOBER 12, 1949
32
"In testimony whereof, I have caused these letters to be made patent
and the seal of the Department of Justice to be hereunto affixed.
"Done at the city of Washington this fifth day of October, in the
year of our Lord one thousand nine hundred and forty-nine, and of
the Independence of the United States of America the one hundred
and seventy-fourth.
"By the President:
"J. HOWARD MCGRATH,
"Attorney General."
"HARRY S. TRUMAN.
No. 100. Andrew J. May, petitioner, v. The United States of
America;
No. 101. Murray Garsson, petitioner, v. The United States of
America; and
No. 102. Henry M. Garsson, petitioner, v. The United States of
America. Orders denying certiorari withheld on motion of counsel
for petitioners. The Chief Justice, Mr. Justice Clark, and Mr. Justice
Minton took no part in the consideration or decision of these applica-
tions.
No. 20. Oscar F. Treichler, Executor of the Estate of Fred A.
Miller, appellant, v. State of Wisconsin. Argument continued by Mr.
Harold H. Persons for the appellee and concluded by Mr. Alexander
W. Schutz for the appellant.
No. 11. J. Howard McGrath, Attorney General, as Successor to
the Alien Property Custodian, petitioner, v. Manufacturers Trust
Company; and
No. 15. Manufacturers Trust Company, petitioner, v. J. Howard
McGrath, Attorney General, as Successor to the Alien Property Cus-
todian. Argued by Mr. Joseph W. Bishop, Jr., for J. Howard
McGrath, Attorney General, etc., and by Mr. Leonard G. Bisco for
Manufacturers Trust Company.
No. 19. Todd C. Faulkner, petitioner, v. John T. Gibbs. Argu-
ment commenced by Mr. Robert W. Fulwider for the petitioner, con-
tinued by Mr. Herbert A. Heubner for the respondent, and concluded
by Mr. James P. Burns for the petitioner.
Adjourned until tomorrow at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Thursday, October 13, will be as follows: Nos. 18,
31, 26, 23, 24, 27 (and 30), 32, 28 (and 29), 42, and 25.

THURSDAY, OCTOBER 13, 1949
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
33
Present: Mr. Chief Justice Vinson, Mr. Justice Black, Mr. Justice
Reed, Mr. Justice Frankfurter, Mr. Justice Jackson, Mr. Justice Bur-
ton, Mr. Justice Clark, and Mr. Justice Minton.
R. E. Lawson, of Alma, Ga.; Gorden F. DeFosset, of Cincinnati.
Ohio; Eugene M. Klein, of Cleveland, Ohio; George A. Furness, of
Boston, Mass.: Palmer K. Ward, of Indianapolis, Ind.; Frank H.
Walker, of Mount Vernon, Ill.; Herman L. Fast, of Newark, N. J.;
Carroll Hutchinson Smith, of La Mesa, Calif.; Roger Arnebergh, of
Los Angeles, Calif.; and Robert Miller Ward, of Rock Hill, S. C.,
were admitted to practice.
No. 18. Standard-Vacuum Oil Company, petitioner, v. The United
States. Argued by Mr. Albert R. Connelly for the petitioner and
by Mr. Newell A. Clapp for the respondent.
No. 31. Louis A. Reilly, as Postmaster of the City of Newark, in
the County of Essex and State of New Jersey, petitioner, v. Joseph
J. Pinkus, Trading as American Health Aids Company, Also Known
as Energy Food Center. Argued by Mr. Robert L. Stern for the
petitioner and by Mr. Bernard G. Segal for the respondent.
No. 26. The United States of America, petitioner, v. Westinghouse
Electric and Manufacturing Co. Argument commenced by Mr. Roger
P. Marquis for the petitioner.
Adjourned until tomorrow at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Friday, October 14, will be as follows: Nos. 26,
23, 24, 27 (and 30), 32, 28 (and 29), 42, 25, 35, and 36.
X
850087-49-8

FRIDAY, OCTOBER 14, 1949
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
34
Present: Mr. Chief Justice Vinson, Mr. Justice Black, Mr. Justice
Reed, Mr. Justice Frankfurter, Mr. Justice Jackson, Mr. Justice
Burton, Mr. Justice Clark, and Mr. Justice Minton.
Ralph Herbert Cross, Sr., of San Francisco, Calif.; Donald L.
Case, of Dallas, Tex.; Abraham Lebenkoff, of New York City; Ed-
ward Stover, of Hoboken, N. J.; Vincent P. Clohisy, of Arlington,
Va.; Archie C. Fraser, of Detroit, Mich.; Willard S. Curtin, of Morris-
ville, Pa.; and Margaret Frances McGovern, of Boston, Mass., were
admitted to practice.
ORDER
It is ordered that the following allotment be made of the Chief
Justice and Associate Justices of this Court among the circuits, pur-
suant to Title 28, United States Code, section 42, and that such allot-
ment be entered of record, viz:
For the District of Columbia Circuit, Fred M. Vinson, Chief
Justice.
For the First Circuit, Felix Frankfurter, Associate Justice.
For the Second Circuit, Robert H. Jackson, Associate Justice.
For the Third Circuit, Harold H. Burton, Associate Justice.
For the Fourth Circuit, Fred M. Vinson, Chief Justice.
For the Fifth Circuit, Hugo L. Black, Associate Justice.
For the Sixth Circuit, Stanley Reed, Associate Justice.
For the Seventh Circuit, Sherman Minton, Associate Justice.
For the Eighth Circuit, Tom C. Clark, Associate Justice.
For the Ninth Circuit, William O. Douglas, Associate Justice.
For the Tenth Circuit, Tom C. Clark, Associate Justice.
No. 374. Andrew J. Moloney, petitioner, v. Marjorie H. Moloney
(Ailworth). Time for making service of petition for certiorari, brief,
and record extended to a date which is not later than 10 days after
the giving of notice by the Clerk of this Court to counsel for the peti-
tioner that the printed record has been delivered to such Clerk.
No. 26. The United States of America, petitioner, v. Westinghouse
Electric and Manufacturing Co. Argument continued by Mr. Milton
850087-49-9

FRIDAY, OCTOBER 14, 1949
35
J. Donovan for the respondent and concluded by Mr. Roger P.
Marquis for the petitioner.
No. 23. Neroy Carter, petitioner, v. Atlanta and Saint Andrews
Bay Railway Company, a Body Corporate. Argued by Mr. J. Kirk-
man Jackson for the petitioner and by Mr. B. D. Murphy for the
respondent.
No. 24. Stephen J. Roth, Attorney General of the State of Michi-
gan, appellant, v. Preston Delano, Comptroller of the Currency of
the United States of America, et al. Argument commenced by Mr.
Julius H. Amberg for the appellant; continued by Mr. Stanley M.
Silverberg for the appellee, and concluded by Mr. Archie C. Fraser
for the appellant.
Adjourned until Monday, October 17, next, at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Monday, October 17, will be as follows: Nos. 27
(and 30), 32, 28 (and 29), 42, 25, 35, 36, 37 (and 38), 43, and
40 (and 41).

MONDAY, OCTOBER 17, 1949
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
36
Present: Mr. Chief Justice Vinson, Mr. Justice Black, Mr. Justice
Reed, Mr. Justice Frankfurter, Mr. Justice Jackson, Mr. Justice
Burton, Mr. Justice Clark, and Mr. Justice Minton.
Albert E. Saunders, of Boston, Mass.; Herbert S. Shapiro, of
Miami Beach, Fla.; Walter E. Rogers, of Richmond, Va.; Albert
L. May, of San Francisco, Calif.; John I. Pittman, of Richmond,
Va.; Irving Kane, of Cleveland, Ohio; Justin W. Seymour, of Orange,
N. J.; Lillian M. Wollitz, of Oakland, Calif.; Richard Randall Ly-
man, of Toledo, Ohio; Arthur J. Dixon, of Alexandria, Va.; Earl
E. Eisenhart, Jr., of Chevy Chase, Md.; William P. Clecak, of San
Francisco, Calif.; H. T. Lively, of Louisville, Ky.; Vernon Seigler,
of Forest Hills, N. Y.; Raymond A. Walsh, of Washington, D. C.;
Latimer Murfee, of Houston, Tex.; and George Warren Wakefield,
of Los Angeles, Calif., were admitted to practice.
The Chief Justice announced the following orders of the Court:
No. 174. Laura Dickinson, appellant, v. C. Fred Porter, State
Comptroller of the State of Iowa, et al. Appeal from the Supreme
Court of Iowa. Per curiam: The motion to dismiss is granted and
the appeal is dismissed for want of a substantial federal question.
Mr. Justice Douglas took no part in the consideration or decision of
this case.
No. 244. Securities and Exchange Commission, Edmund M. Han-
rahan, et al., petitioners, v. Otis and Co. On petition for writ of
certiorari to the Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia
Circuit. Per curiam: The petition for writ of certiorari is granted
and the judgment is reversed. Myers v. Bethlehem Shipbuilding
Corp., 303 U. S. 41; Macauley v. Waterman Steamship Corp., 327
U. S. 540; Federal Power Commission v. Arkansas Power & Light
Co., 330 U. S. 802. Mr. Justice Douglas took no part in the con-
sideration or decision of this case.
No. 265. The United States of America and Interstate Commerce
Commission, appellants, v. Interstate Common Carrier Council of
Maryland, Inc., et al.; and
No. 266. Schreiber Trucking Co., Inc., appellant, v. Interstate
Common Carrier Council of Maryland, Inc., et al. Appeals from
850087-49-10

MONDAY, OCTOBER 17, 1949
37
the United States District Court for the District of Maryland. Per
curiam: The judgment is affirmed. Florida v. United States, 282
U. S. 194; United States v. Carolina Carriers Corp., 315 U. S. 475. Mr.
Justice Black and Mr. Justice Reed are of the opinion that probable
jurisdiction should be noted and the cases set down for argument. Mr.
Justice Douglas took no part in the consideration or decision of these
cases.
No. 319. William W. Price, appellant, v. State of Mississippi. Ap-
peal from the Supreme Court of Mississippi. Per curiam: The mo-
tion for leave to proceed in forma pauperis is granted. The appeal is
dismissed for want of jurisdiction. Title 28, United States Code,
Sec. 1257 (2). Treating the papers whereon the appeal was allowed.
as a petition for writ of certiorari as required by Title 28, United
States Code, Sec. 2103, certiorari is denied. Mr. Justice Douglas
took no part in the consideration or decision of this case.
No. 320. Leroy Miller, appellant, v. Marvin Wiggins, Superin-
tendent State Penitentiary, Parchman, Mississippi. Appeal from and
on petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Mississippi.
Per curiam: The motion for leave to proceed in forma pauperis is
granted. The appeal is dismissed for want of jurisdiction. Title 28,
United States Code, Sec. 1257 (2). The petition for writ of certi-
orari is denied. Mr. Justice Black is of the opinion certiorari should
be granted. Mr. Justice Douglas took no part in the consideration or
decision of this case.
No. 323. Arthur Moore, appellant, v. State of Mississippi. Appeal
from the Supreme Court of Mississippi. Per curiam: The motion
for leave to proceed in forma pauperis is granted. The appeal is dis-
missed for want of jurisdiction. Title 28, United States Code, Sec.
1257 (2). Treating the papers whereon the appeal was allowed as a
petition for writ of certiorari as required by Title 28, United States
Code, Sec. 2103, certiorari is denied. Mr. Justice Black is of the
opinion certiorari should be granted. Mr. Justice Douglas took no
part in the consideration or decision of this case.
The Chief Justice said:
"The other orders of the Court appear upon the list certified by the
Chief Justice and filed with the Clerk and will not be announced
orally."
No. In the Matter of Will Maslow. The motion to amend the
Attorney Roll to show a change of name of William Maslow to Will
Maslow is granted.
No. 61. John Hughes and Louis Richardson, petitioners, v. Supe-
rior Court of the State of California In and For the County of

MONDAY, OCTOBER 17, 1949
38
Contra Costa. The motion for leave to withdraw the appearance of
W. H. Orrick as counsel for the respondent is granted.
No. 118. Capitol Greyhound Lines, Pennsylvania Greyhound
Lines, Inc. and Red Star Motor Coaches, Inc., appellants, v. Arthur
H. Brice, Commissioner of Motor Vehicles, State of Maryland, Balti-
more, Maryland. In this case probable jurisdiction is noted and the
case is transferred to the summary docket.
No. 334. The United States of America, appellant, v. Shoreline
Cooperative Apartments, Inc., a Corporation, et al. In this case
probable jurisdiction is noted. Mr. Justice Douglas took no part in
the consideration or decision of this question.
No. 83. Regents of the University System of Georgia, petitioner,
v. W. E. Carroll, Clarence H. Calhoun, Mrs. Hattie J. Pickard, et al.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals of Georgia
granted and case transferred to the summary docket.
No. 98. The United States of America, petitioner, v. Ernestina G.
Fleischman; and
No. 99. The United States of America, petitioner, v. Helen R.
Bryan. Petition for writs of certiorari to the Court of Appeals for
the District of Columbia Circuit granted.
No. 214. The United States, petitioner, v. Cumberland Public
Service Company, a Corporation. Petition for writ of certiorari to
the Court of Claims granted and case transferred to the summary
docket.
No. 221. Skelly Oil Company et al., petitioners, v. Phillips Petro-
leum Company. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Ap-
peals for the Tenth Circuit granted and case transferred to the
summary docket and assigned for argument immediately following
No. 83.
No. 109. Henry Wallace Winchester et al., petitioners, v. J. D.
Gregg. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals for
the Ninth Circuit denied.
No. 149. The United States of America, petitioner, v. The Colorado
and Southern Railway Company. Petition for writ of certiorari to
the United States District Court for the District of Colorado denied.
No. 155. Thomas H. Brodhead, Doing Business as T. H. Brodhead
Co., petitioner, v. William Borthwick, Tax Commissioner and Tax
Collector of the Territory of Hawaii. Petition for writ of certiorari
to the Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit denied.
No. 215. Campbell Soup Company and Carnation Company, peti-
tioners, v. Armour and Company. Petition for writ of certiorari to
the Court of Appeals for the Third Circuit denied.

MONDAY, OCTOBER 17, 1949
39
No. 226. Roman Montoya, petitioner, v. Tide Water Associated
Oil Company. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals
for the Second Circuit denied.
No. 237. Benjamin Richman, petitioner, v. The United States of
America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals for
the Third Circuit denied.
No. 246. A. L. Willis et al., petitioners, v. Barnsdall Oil Company
et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals for the
Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 252. Lafayette M. Gray (Also Known as L. M. Gray), peti-
tioner, v. The United States of America. Petition for writ of cer-
tiorari to the Court of Appeals for the Eighth Circuit denied.
No. 63. Steele's Mills, a Corporation, and Wachovia Bank and
Trust Company, as Trustee, petitioners, v. Charles H. Robertson, Col-
lector of Internal Revenue for the Collection District of North Caro-
lina. On petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals for
the Fourth Circuit;
No. 203. Reginald Crane, petitioner, v. The People of the State of
Michigan. On petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of
Michigan;
No. 212. The United States, petitioner, v. Seaboard Airline Rail-
road Company. On petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of
Claims;
No. 240. John Barclay, Jr., Executor of the Estate of Rebecca
Coulter Barclay, Deceased, petitioner, v. The United States of Amer-
ica. On petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals for the
Third Circuit;
No. 260. James Sheppard Potts and Adam Empie Potts, petition-
ers, v. J. K. Rader, as Administrator, et al. On petition for writ of
certiorari to the Supreme Court of Arkansas;
No. 262. William J. B. Myres, petitioner, v. The United States of
America. On petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals
for the Eighth Circuit;
No. 269. Harry F. Russell, Judge of the Circuit Court of the City
of St. Louis, Missouri, petitioner, v. The State of Missouri at the
Relation of St. Louis-San Francisco Railway Company. On peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Missouri;
No. 270. Julius Hall Lyons, petitioner, v. Dr. Silas W. Weltmer,
et al. On petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals for
the Fourth Circuit;
No. 272. Glen S. Dille, petitioner, v. The Carter Oil Company, a
Corporation; W. A. Delaney, Jr., et al. On petition for writ of cer-
tiorari to the Court of Appeals for the Tenth Circuit;

MONDAY, OCTOBER 17, 1949
40
No. 336. Perce Henderson, Herbert L. Hall, Jr., et al., petitioners,
v. The Delaware Joint Toll Bridge Commission, and the City of
Easton, Pennsylvania. On petition for writ of certiorari to the
Supreme Court of Pennsylvania;
No. 339. People of the State of Illinois, petitioner, v. John E.
Sullivan, Liquidating Trustee, etc., et al. On petition for writ of
certiorari to the Court of Appeals for the Seventh Circuit; and
No. 341. Bridge Auto Renting Corporation, Bridge Leasing Cor-
poration, et al., petitioners, v. William J. Pedrick, Collector of In-
ternal Revenue, et al. On petition for writ of certiorari to the Court
of Appeals for the Second Circuit. The petitions for writs of cer-
tiorari in these cases are severally denied. Mr. Justice Douglas took
no part in the consideration or decision of these applications.
No. 140. The United States of America, petitioner, v. William
Rosen. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals for
the Second Circuit denied. Mr. Justice Reed, Mr. Justice Frank-
furter, and Mr. Justice Clark took no part in the consideration or
decision of this application.
No. 255. Gus Hall, petitioner, v. The United States of America ;
No. 256. Henry Winston, petitioner, v. The United States of
America;
No. 257. The United States of America, ex rel. Gus Hall, petitioner,
v. James Mulcahy, United States Marshal;
No. 258. The United States of America, ex rel. Henry Winston,
petitioner, v. James Mulcahy, United States Marshal; and
No. 259. Gilbert Green, petitioner, v. The United States of Amer-
ica. The motions to proceed on mimeographed copies of the record
are granted. The petitions for writs of certiorari to the Court of
Appeals for the Second Circuit are denied. Mr. Justice Black is of
the opinion certiorari should be granted. Mr. Justice Douglas took
no part in the consideration or decision of these applications.
No. 268. Horace Turner, petitioner, v. The United States of Amer-
ica and State of Alabama. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit denied. Mr. Justice Black
and Mr. Justice Douglas took no part in the consideration or de-
cision of this application.
No. 32, Misc. Edmond C. Fletcher, petitioner, v. The United States
of America. On petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Ap-
peals for the Fourth Circuit;
No. 86, Misc. Andrew Leonard Johnson, a Minor, by Moses John-
son, etc., petitioner, v. Atlantic Coast Line Railroad Co. On petition
for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Florida;

MONDAY, OCTOBER 17, 1949
41
No. 99, Misc. Edward E. De Pofi, petitioner, v. Commonwealth of
Pennsylvania. On petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme
Court of Pennsylvania;
No. 123, Misc. Albert W. Manning, petitioner, v. Joseph E. Ragen,
Warden. On petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court
of Will County, State of Illinois;
No. 127, Misc. Edward Poppe, petitioner, v. Joseph E. Ragen,
Warden. On petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of
Will County, State of Illinois;
No. 132, Misc. John J. Rollo and John J. Lannahan, petitioners, v.
Julian N. Frisbie, Warden. On petition for writ of certiorari to the
Supreme Court of Michigan;
No. 136, Misc. Herman Lee Watkins, petitioner, v. People of the
State of California. On petition for writ of certiorari to the Dis-
trict Court of Appeal, 2nd Appellate District, State of California;
No. 142, Misc. Regis Williams, petitioner, v. People of the State of
New York. On petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court
of New York;
No. 144, Misc. Luther L. Anderson, petitioner, v. State of Mis-
souri. On petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Mis-
souri;
No. 145, Misc. Paul Reeder, petitioner, v. Joseph E. Ragen,
Warden. On petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of
Will County, State of Illinois;
No. 147, Misc. Edward Bautz, petitioner, v. Joseph E. Ragen,
Warden. On petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of
Will County, State of Illinois;
No. 148, Misc. John Eldon Wells, petitioner, v. Joseph E. Ragen,
Warden. On petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of
Madison County, State of Illinois;
No. 149, Misc. Charles R. Kellogg, petitioner, v. W. C. Miller,
Warden. On petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of
Wyoming;
No. 154, Misc. David Banks, petitioner, v. Joseph E. Ragen,
Warden. On petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of
Illinois; and
No. 158, Misc. Harry Lee Baldridge, petitioner, v. Joseph E.
Ragen, Warden. On petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme
Court of Illinois. The petitions for writs of certiorari in these cases
are severally denied. Mr. Justice Douglas took no part in the con-
sideration or decision of these applications.
No. 128, Misc. Richard Gilmore, petitioner, v. Joseph E. Ragen,
Warden. The petition for writ of certiorari to the Criminal Court
of Cook County, State of Illinois, is denied without consideration of

MONDAY, OCTOBER 17, 1949
42
the questions raised therein and without prejudice to the institution
by petitioner of proceedings in any Illinois state court of competent
jurisdiction under the Act of August 4, 1949, entitled: "An Act to
provide a remedy for persons convicted and imprisoned in the peni-
tentiary, who assert that rights guaranteed them by the Constitution
of the United States or the State of Illinois, or both, have been denied
or violated, in proceedings in which they were convicted." Mr. Jus-
tice Douglas took no part in the consideration or decision of this
application.
No. 130, Misc. Thomas H. Bradshaw, petitioner, v. Henry Ray-
mond, Supt. Maryland State Reformatory for Males, et al.;
No. 133, Misc. Bufford McDowell, petitioner, v. Alfred F. Dowd,
Warden; and
No. 135, Misc. Aldine T. Carroll, petitioner, v. Edwin T. Swenson,
Warden, Maryland Penitentiary. The motions for leave to file peti-
tions for writs of habeas corpus are denied. Mr. Justice Douglas
took no part in the consideration or decision of these applications.
No. 134, Misc. Leroy Switzer, petitioner, v. Bert Rednour, Supt. of
Illinois Security Hospital. Petition denied. Mr. Justice Douglas took
no part in the consideration or decision of this application.
No. 137, Misc. Ex parte F. M. Eugene Blass and E. Am. Associa-
tion for Oxygen-Therapy, Inc., petitioner ; and
No. 146, Misc. Farrell E. Lehigh, petitioner, v. Honorable G. Men-
nen Williams, Governor of the State of Michigan, et al. The motions
for leave to file petitions for writs of mandamus are denied. Mr.
Justice Douglas took no part in the consideration or decision of these
applications.
No. 141, Misc. In the Matter of Robert H. Best. Application de-
nied. Mr. Justice Douglas took no part in the consideration or deci-
sion of this application.
No. 377, Misc., October Term, 1948. Alex M. Ferguson, Temporary
Administrator, etc., et al., petitioners, v. James E. Ferguson. The
petition for rehearing is denied. Mr. Justice Douglas, Mr. Justice
Clark, and Mr. Justice Minton took no part in the consideration or
decision of this application.
The Court will take a recess from Monday, October 24, until Mon-
day, November 7, next.
No. 27. Secretary of Agriculture, petitioner, v. Central Roig Re-
fining Company, Western Sugar Refining Company, et al.; and

MONDAY, OCTOBER 17, 1949
43
No. 30. Porto Rican American Sugar Refinery, Inc., petitioner, v.
Central Roig Refining Company and Western Sugar Refining Com-
pany. Argued by Mr. Neil Brooks for the petitioner in No. 27; by
Mr. Orlando J. Antonsanti for the petitioner in No. 30, and by Mr.
Frederic P. Lee for the respondents.
No. 32. The Government of Puerto Rico, petitioner, v. The Secre-
tary of Agriculture, Porto Rican American Sugar Refinery, Inc., et
al. Argument commenced by Mr. José Trías Monge for the petitioner ;
continued by Mr. Walton Hamilton for the petitioner; by Mr. Don-
ald R. Richberg for respondents, American Sugar Refining Co., et al.;
by Mr. Neil Brooks for respondent, Secretary of Agriculture, and
concluded by Mr. Walton Hamilton for the petitioner.
No. 28. John Walter Oakley, Jr., petitioner, v. Louisville and
Nashville Railroad Co. et al.; and
No. 29. John S. Haynes, petitioner, v. Cincinnati, New Orleans
and Texas Pacific Railway Company et al. Argument commenced by
Mr. Morton Liftin for the petitioners.
Adjourned until tomorrow at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Tuesday, October 18, will be as follows: Nos. 28
(and 29), 42, 53, 43, 35, 36, 37 (and 38), 55, 40 (and 41), and 48.
☑

TUESDAY, OCTOBER 18, 1949
44
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: Mr. Chief Justice Vinson, Mr. Justice Black, Mr. Justice
Reed, Mr. Justice Frankfurter, Mr. Justice Jackson, Mr. Justice Bur-
ton, Mr. Justice Clark, and Mr. Justice Minton.
Wilber Henderson, of Portland, Oreg.; Thos. M. Johnston, of Nor-
folk, Va.; Arthur M. Lang, of Detroit, Mich.; Otis J. Gibson, of Den-
ver, Colo.; Harold W. Hayman, of New York City; Melville Harris,
of New York City; Anthony N. Zock, of New York City; John R.
Sheneman, of New York City; William David Brumbaugh, Jr., of
Greenville, Ohio; Richard M. Maxwell, of Atlanta, Ga.; and John
Reid Beacham, of West Palm Beach, Fla., were admitted to practice.
No. 101. Murray Garsson, petitioner, v. The United States of
America; and
No. 102. Henry M. Garsson, petitioner, v. The United States of
America. Motions for extension of time to file petitions for rehearing
denied. The Chief Justice, Mr. Justice Clark, and Mr. Justice Minton
took no part in the consideration or decision of these applications.
No. 28. John Walter Oakley, Jr., petitioner, v. Louisville and
Nashville Railroad Co. et al.; and
No. 29. John S. Haynes, petitioner, v. Cincinnati, New Orleans and
Texas Pacific Railway Company et al. Argument continued by Mr.
Morton Liftin for the petitioners; by Mr. C. S. Landrum for the re-
spondent, Louisville and Nashville Railroad Co.; by Mr. Cornelius
J. Petzhold for the respondent, Cincinnati, New Orleans and Texas
Pacific Railway Company; by Mr. Richard R. Lyman for respondents,
System Federation No. 21 et al.; and concluded by Mr. Morton Liftin
for the petitioners,
No. 42. The United States of America, petitioner, v. Lillian Spelar,
as Administratrix of the Estate of Mark Spelar, Deceased. Argued
by Mr. Samuel D. Slade for the petitioner and by Mr. Arnold B.
Elkind for the respondent.
850087-49- -11

TUESDAY, OCTOBER 18, 1949
45
No. 53. Lawrence C. Kingsland, Commissioner of Patents, peti-
tioner, v. Vernon M. Dorsey. Argument commenced by Mr. Robert
L. Stern for the petitioner.
Adjourned until tomorrow at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Wednesday, October 19, will be as follows: Nos.
53, 43, 35, 36, 37 (and 38), 55, 40 (and 41), 56, and 57.
☑

WEDNESDAY, OCTOBER 19, 1949
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
46
Present: Mr. Chief Justice Vinson, Mr. Justice Black, Mr. Justice
Reed, Mr. Justice Frankfurter, Mr. Justice Jackson, Mr. Justice Bur-
ton, Mr. Justice Clark, and Mr. Justice Minton.
Philip William Caporale, of Springfield, Mass.; Angel Manuel
Diaz Diaz, of Cayey, P. R.; Kenneth J. Mullane, of New York City;
Raymond W. Karst, of St. Louis, Mo.; Frank M. Karsten, of St.
Louis, Mo.; Edward Nathan Jackson, of San Francisco, Calif.; Her-
man Heyman, of Atlanta, Ga.; and Felix Ochoteco, Jr., of San Juan,
P. R., were admitted to practice.
No. 53. Lawrence C. Kingsland, Commissioner of Patents, peti-
tioner, v. Vernon M. Dorsey. Argument continued by Mr. William
E. Leahy for the respondent and concluded by Mr. Robert L. Stern
for the petitioner.
No. 43. Richard J. Brown, petitioner, v. Western Railway of Ala-
bama. Argued by Mr. Richard M. Maxwell for the petitioner and
by Mr. Herman Heyman for the respondent.
No. 35. The United States of America, petitioner, v. Aetna Casu-
alty and Surety Company. Argued by Mr. Leavenworth Colby for
the petitioner and by Mr. William A. Hyman for the respondent.
No. 36. The United States of America, petitioner, v. World Fire
and Marine Insurance Company. Leave granted Mr. Jackson G.
Akin to appear and present oral argument for the respondent, pro
hac vice, on motion of Mr. William A. Hyman. Argument commenced
by Mr. Leavenworth Colby for the petitioner.
Adjourned until tomorrow at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Thursday, October 20, will be as follows: Nos.
36, 37 (and 38), 55, 40 (and 41), 56, and 57.

THURSDAY, OCTOBER 20, 1949
47
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: Mr. Chief Justice Vinson, Mr. Justice Black, Mr. Justice
Reed, Mr. Justice Frankfurter, Mr. Justice Jackson, Mr. Justice Bur-
ton, Mr. Justice Clark, and Mr. Justice Minton.
Elmer A. Rogers, of New York City; David A. Canel, of Chicago,
Ill.; Thomas Dodd Healy, of Chicago, Ill.; Anthony A. Di Grazia, of
Argo, Ill.; T. Vincent Martin, of Columbus, Ohio; Garrett W. Olds,
of Indianapolis, Ind.; Walter R. McDonald, of Atlanta, Ga.; and
Robert H. McRoberts, of St. Louis, Mo., were admitted to practice.
No. 36. The United States of America, petitioner, v. World Fire
and Marine Insurance Company. Argument continued by Mr. Jack-
son G. Akin for the respondent, pro hac vice, by special leave of
Court, and concluded by Mr. Leavenworth Colby for the petitioner.
No. 37. The United States of America, petitioner, v. Yorkshire
Insurance Company; and
No. 38. The United States of America, petitioner, v. The Home
Insurance Company. Argued by Mr. Leavenworth Colby for the
petitioner and by Mr. Abraham Frankel for the respondents.
No. 55. Manufacturers Trust Company, as Trustee Under an In-
denture Made by the Debtor Under Date of September 27, 1933, and
Individually, petitioner, v. Regine Becker et al. Argued by Mr.
Edward K. Hanlon for the petitioner and by Mr. David W. Kahn for
the respondents.
No. 40. The United States of America and Interstate Commerce
Commission, appellants, v. The Capital Transit Company et al.; and
No. 41. Washington, Virginia, and Maryland Coach Company,
Inc., et al., appellants, v. The Capital Transit Company et al. Argu-
ment commenced by Mr. Philip Elman for the appellants, The United
States and Interstate Commerce Commission.
Adjourned until tomorrow at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Friday, October 21, will be as follows: Nos. 40
(and 41), 56, and 57.
☑
850087-49-13

FRIDAY, OCTOBER 21, 1949
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
48
Present: Mr. Chief Justice Vinson, Mr. Justice Black, Mr. Justice
Reed, Mr. Justice Jackson, Mr. Justice Burton, Mr. Justice Clark, and
Mr. Justice Minton.
Michael A. Foley, of Philadelphia, Pa.; Myron D. Mills, of St.
Louis, Mo.; Wm. Q. Boyce, of Amarillo, Tex.; Charles Abrams, of
New York City; George B. Hartzog, Jr., of Walterboro, S. C.; Lura
Owens Kent, of Richardson, Tex.; and Charles Gordon, of Washing-
ton, D. C., were admitted to practice.
No. 170. Park-In Theatres, Inc., petitioner, v. Loew's Drive-In
Theatres, Inc. Time within which to file petition for rehearing ex-
tended to and including November 9, next, on motion of counsel for
the petitioner.
No. 40. The United States of America and Interstate Commerce
Commission, appellants, v. The Capital Transit Company et al.; and
No. 41. Washington, Virginia and Maryland Coach Company,
Inc., et al., appellants, v. The Capital Transit Company et al. Argu-
ment continued by Mr. Manuel J. Davis for the appellant, Washing-
ton, Virginia and Maryland Coach Co., Inc.; by Mr. S. Harrison
Kahn for the appellant, Alexandria, Barcroft and Washington Tran-
sit Co.; by Mr. Samuel O. Clark, Jr., for the appellee, Capital Transit
Co.; by Mr. Lloyd B. Harrison for the appellee, Public Utilities Com-
mission of the District of Columbia; by Mr. Henry E. Ketner for
the State Corporation Commission of the State of Virginia, as amicus
curiae, by special leave of Court, and concluded by Mr. Philip Elman
for the appellants, The United States and Interstate Commerce Com-
mission.
No. 56. Sarah O'Donnell, Administratrix of the Estate of William
O'Donnell, Deceased, petitioner, v. Elgin, Joliet and Eastern Railway
Company. Argued by Mr. Joseph D. Ryan for the petitioner and
by Mr. Harlan L. Hackbert for the respondent.
No. 57. Commissioner of Internal Revenue, petitioner, v. William
I. Connelly and Bertha Connelly. Argued by Mr. Ellis N. Slack for
the petitioner and by Mr. Caesar L. Aiello for the respondents.
Adjourned until Monday, October 24, next, at 12 o'clock.
Х
850087-49-14

MONDAY, OCTOBER 24, 1949
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
49
Present: Mr. Chief Justice Vinson, Mr. Justice Black, Mr. Justice
Reed, Mr. Justice Frankfurter, Mr. Justice Jackson, Mr. Justice
Burton, Mr. Justice Clark, and Mr. Justice Minton.
Jonas G. Schwartz, of Minneapolis, Minn.; Robert N. Hislop, of
Belmont, N. H.; Andrew F. Schoeppel, of Wichita, Kans.; Hubert A.
Schneider, of Washington, D. C.; William Robert Bloom, of Los
Angeles, Calif.; Patrick S. Filter, of Chicago, Ill.; Wm. G. H. Ache-
son, of New York City; Alfred W. Mitchem, of Los Angeles, Calif.;
Frank Pomeranz, of San Diego, Calif.; and Roger H. Weed, of
Boston, Mass., were admitted to practice.
The Chief Justice announced the following orders of the Court:
No. 224. Reuben Franklin Baskin, By His Guardian ad litem and
Trustee, Catherine Dunn, petitioner, v. Industrial Accident Commis-
sion of the State of California, Kaiser Company, Inc., et al. On peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the District Court of Appeal, 1st Ap-
pellate District, State of California. Per curiam: The petition for
writ of certiorari is granted. It appears that the decision of this
Court in Bethlehem Steel Co. v. Moore, 335 U. S. 874, affirming the
decision of the Supreme Judicial Court of Massachusetts, 323 Mass.
462, was not available to the District Court of Appeal at the time of
its consideration of this cause. The judgment is vacated and the
cause remanded to the District Court of Appeal for reconsideration
in the light of Bethlehem Steel Co. v. Moore, supra, and Davis v.
Department of Labor, 317 U. S. 249. See Minnesota v. National Tea
Co., 309 U. S. 551; State Tax Commission v. Van Cott, 306 U. S. 511.
No. 324. Eddie (Buster) Patton, appellant, v. State of Mississippi.
Appeal from and on petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme
Court of Mississippi. Per curiam: The motion for leave to proceed
in forma pauperis is granted. The appeal is dismissed for want of
jurisdiction. Title 28, United States Code, Sec. 1257 (2). The peti-
tion for writ of certiorari is denied.
No. 326. Jerry M. Gray et al., appellants, v. The State of West
Virginia. Appeal from the Supreme Court of Appeals of West Vir-
ginia. Per curiam: The motion to dismiss is granted and the appeal
is dismissed for want of a substantial federal question.
850087-49-15

MONDAY, OCTOBER 24, 1949
50
No. 338. Acme Fast Freight, Inc., Merchant Shippers Association,
Inc., et al., appellants, v. The United States of America, Interstate
Commerce Commission and Lifschultz Fast Freight. Appeal from
the United States District Court for the Northern District of Illinois.
Per curiam: The motion to affirm is granted and the judgment is
affirmed.
The Chief Justice said:
"The other orders of the Court appear upon the list certified by the
Chief Justice and filed with the Clerk and will not be announced
orally."
No. 3. The United States of America, ex rel. Richard Eichenlaub,
petitioner, v. W. Frank Watkins, as District Director of Immigration
and Naturalization of the United States for the District of New York,
etc.; and
No. 82. The United States of America, ex rel. Otto A. Willumeit,
petitioner, v. W. F. Watkins, District Director, Immigration and Nat-
uralization Service. The motions to substitute Edward J. Shaugh-
nessy, Acting District Director, as the party respondent are granted.
No. 9, Original. The State of Illinois, complainant, v. The State
of Indiana et al. The Fourth Special Report of the Special Master is
approved. The amended bill of complaint is dismissed as to (1)
Cities Service Oil Company, pursuant to joint motion of complainant,
State of Illinois, and the defendants, State of Indiana, City of East
Chicago, and Cities Service Oil Company; (2) Cudahy Packing Com-
pany, pursuant to joint motion of complainant, State of Illinois, and
the defendants, State of Indiana, City of East Chicago, and Cudahy
Packing Company; (3) Inland Steel Company, pursuant to joint
motion of complainant, State of Illinois, and the defendants, State of
Indiana, City of East Chicago, and Inland Steel Company; (4) Na-
tional Tube Company, pursuant to joint motion of complainant, State
of Illinois, and the defendants, State of Indiana, City of Gary, Indi-
ana, and National Tube Company; (5) Sinclair Refining Company,
pursuant to joint motion of complainant, State of Illinois, and the
defendants, State of Indiana, City of East Chicago, and Sinclair
Refining Company; (6) and Socony-Vacuum Oil Company, Incor-
porated, pursuant to joint motion of complainant, State of Illinois,
and the defendants, State of Indiana, City of East Chicago, and
Socony-Vacuum Oil Company. Costs against these defendants are
to be taxed in accordance with the recommendations of the Special
Master.
The Fourth Interim Report of the Special Master dated September
7, 1949, is approved. The Court orders and directs the Special Master
to continue the proceedings in accordance with the order of this Court

MONDAY, OCTOBER 24, 1949
51
dated February 17, 1947. The Court further orders that the recom-
mendation of the Special Master as to the apportionment of costs be
adopted and costs for the period from September 8, 1948, to September
7, 1949, inclusive, shall be taxed as recommended in the Fourth Interim
Report.
An order is entered fixing the compensation and allowing the ex-
penses of the Special Master as of September 7, 1949.
No. 337. Railway Labor Executives' Association, appellant, v. The
United States of America, Interstate Commerce Commission, City of
New Orleans, Louisiana, et al. In this case probable jurisdiction is
noted.
No. 156. The United States, petitioner, v. Commodities Trading
Corporation et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of
Claims granted and case transferred to the summary docket.
No. 163. Commodities Trading Corporation et al., petitioners, v.
The United States. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of
Claims granted and case transferred to the summary docket.
No. 273. The United States of America, petitioner, v. Morton Salt
Company; and
No. 274. The United States of America, petitioner, v. International
Salt Company. Petition for writs of certiorari to the Court of
Appeals for the Seventh Circuit granted. Mr. Justice Douglas and
Mr. Justice Minton took no part in the consideration or decision of
this application.
No. 186. City of Dallas, petitioner, v. D. W. Rentzel, Civil Aero-
nautics Administrator, Department of Commerce. Petition for writ
of certiorari to the Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 218. The P. Dougherty Company, petitioner, v. The United
States. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Claims denied.
No. 267. Joseph Sachs, petitioner, v. The Government of the Canal
Zone. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals for the
Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 275. News Syndicate Co., Inc., petitioner, v. Janyce Mattox.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals for the Second
Circuit denied.
No. 276. Houston Oil Company of Texas, petitioner, v. American
Republics Corporation. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of
Appeals for the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 279. Celia Wong, petitioner, v. Maurice Finkelstein, Chair-
man, et al., Individually and as Members of, and Constituting the
Temporary City Housing Rent Commission of the City of New York.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals of New York
denied.

MONDAY, OCTOBER 24, 1949
52
No. 282. John L. Flynn, Trustee of Lithaloys Corporation and
Lithaloys Corporation, Debtor, petitioners, v. Reconstruction Finance
Corporation. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals
for the Second Circuit denied.
No. 283. Rosemary Cross, petitioner, v. Ilse Kiliani. Petition for
writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals of New York denied.
No. 285. E. Clifford Heald, petitioner, v. The United States of
America;
No. 286. Louise B. Heald, petitioner, v. The United States of
America; and
No. 287. Bradley Heald, petitioner, v. The United States of Amer-
ica. Petition for writs of certiorari to the Court of Appeals for the
Tenth Circuit denied.
No. 288. Lykes Bros. Steamship Co., Inc., petitioner, v. Frank
Cannella. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals for
the Second Circuit denied.
No. 289. Remington Rand, Inc., petitioner, v. Royal Typewriter
Company, Inc. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals
for the Second Circuit denied.
No. 291. Sam Coleman, petitioner, v. The State of Kansas. Peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Kansas denied.
No. 294. S. C. Johnson and Son, Inc., petitioner, v. John W. John-
son, Rupert H. Johnson, et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit denied.
No. 295. Phillip Himmelfarb, petitioner, v. The United States of
America; and
No. 296. Sam Ormont, petitioner, v. The United States of America.
Petitions for writs of certiorari to the Court of Appeals for the Ninth
Circuit denied.
No. 280. Willapoint Oysters, Inc., petitioner, v. Oscar R. Ewing,
Administrator, et al., Acting Administrator, Federal Security Agency,
Food and Drug Administration. The motion to dispense with print-
ing the record is granted. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court
of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit denied.
No. 284. Louis Bernard Lapides, petitioner, v. Tom C. Clark, At-
torney General, and Watson B. Miller, Commissioner of Immigration
and Naturalization Service. The motion to substitute J. Howard
McGrath as a party respondent in place and stead of Tom C. Clark
is granted. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals
for the District of Columbia Circuit denied.
No. 292. Peter Duryee, Trustee of the Property of the New Jersey
and New York Railroad Company, petitioner, v. Erie Railroad Com-
pany. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals for the

MONDAY, OCTOBER 24, 1949
53
Sixth Circuit denied. Mr. Justice Douglas and Mr. Justice Burton
took no part in the consideration or decision of this application.
No. 290. Fred Payne, petitioner, v. The United States of America;
and
No. 318. Eddie J. Briggs, petitioner, v. The United States of
America. The motion to dispense with printing the petition in No.
290 is granted. The motions to dispense with printing the record are
granted. The petitions for writs of certiorari to the Court of Appeals
for the Tenth Circuit are denied.
No. 298. Hans Geisler, petitioner, v. The United States of America.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals for the Seventh
Circuit denied. Mr. Justice Douglas and Mr. Justice Minton took no
part in the consideration or decision of this application.
No. 299. Chester A. Bowles, Onetime Administrator, Office of
Price Administration, For and In Behalf of the United States, and
the United States of America, petitioners, v. George F. Wilkie et al.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals for the Seventh
Circuit denied. Mr. Justice Douglas and Mr. Justice Minton took
no part in the consideration or decision of this application.
No. 157, October Term, 1939. John Weber, petitioner, v. The
United States of America. The petition for rehearing is denied.
No. 788, October Term, 1948. Estella Latta, Jones M. Griffin, and
Alvin Chambers, petitioners, v. Western Investment Company et al.
The motion for leave to file a second petition for rehearing is denied.
No. 57, Misc. Ray H. Simmons, petitioner, v. Commonwealth of
Pennsylvania. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court
of Pennsylvania denied.
No. 96, Misc. David Darcy, petitioner, v. Commonwealth of Penn-
sylvania. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of
Pennsylvania denied.
No. 102, Misc. Commonwealth of Pennsylvania, ex rel, David
Darcy, petitioner, v. Earl D. Handy, Warden, Bucks County Prison.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Pennsylvania
denied.
No. 107, Misc. Paul J. Schneider, petitioner, v. State of Colorado.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Colorado
denied.
No. 151, Misc. Arthur Bruce Perkins, petitioner, v. John R.
Cranor, Supt. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court
of Washington denied.
No. 156, Misc. Herman Barmore, petitioner, v. John F. Foster,
Warden. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals of
New York denied.

MONDAY, OCTOBER 24, 1949
54
No. 164, Misc. John Homer Britt, petitioner, v. Tom Smith, Supt.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Washington
denied.
No. 173, Misc. John Cordts, petitioner, v. Joseph E. Ragen,
Warden. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of
Illinois denied.
No. 174, Misc. Robert G. Schuman, petitioner, v. Robert A. Heinze,
Warden. Petition for writ of certiorari to the District Court of Ap-
peals, 3rd Appellate District, State of California, denied.
No. 152, Misc. James J. Plaine, petitioner, v. C. P. Burford,
Warden;
No. 161, Misc. Joseph Hobbs, petitioner, v. Col. Edwin T. Swen-
son, Warden;
No. 163, Misc. Clifford Pullins, petitioner, v. R. W. Alvis, Warden;
and
No. 168, Misc. Mary A. Ruthven, petitioner, v. Dr. Winfred Over-
holser. The motions for leave to file petitions for writs of habeas
corpus are denied.
No. 155, Misc. Everett Rheim, petitioner, v. John F. Foster,
Warden. The motion for leave to file petition for writ of certiorari
is denied.
Mr. Justice Douglas took no part in the consideration or decision
of the cases in which judgments and orders are this day announced.
Adjourned until Monday, November 7, next, at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Monday, November 7, will be as follows: Nos. 14,
45, 48, 49 (and 50), 51, 61, 39, 59, 62, and 46.

MONDAY, NOVEMBER 7, 1949
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
55
Present: Mr. Chief Justice Vinson, Mr. Justice Black, Mr. Justice
Reed, Mr. Justice Frankfurter, Mr. Justice Jackson, Mr. Justice
Burton, Mr. Justice Clark, and Mr. Justice Minton.
Charles Constant Rankin, of Lawrence, Kans.; Matthew Vaughan
Carson, Jr., of Hearne, Tex.; Francis A. Burns, of Pawtucket, R. I.;
Norman Kaufmann, of Baltimore, Md.; Frank S. Richards, of Oak-
land, Calif.; Gerald Gregory Kelly, of Los Angeles, Calif.; Jacob L.
Sachs, of Chicago, Ill.; Carl A. Flom, of Madison, Wis.; Norman J.
Gatzert, of San Francisco, Calif.; M. Gabriel Nahas, Jr., of Houston,
Tex.; L. M. Ascough, of Topeka, Kans.; Geo. H. Boldt, of Tacoma,
Wash.; Thomas J. Todarelli, of New York City; Peter L. F. Sab-
batino, of New York City; Joe R. Greenhill, of Austin, Tex.; John T.
McTernan, of Los Angeles, Calif.; Meyer S. Ryder, of Washington,
D. C.; Theodore Pearson, of New York City; and Harry Holliday
George, of Portland, Oreg., were admitted to practice.
No. 57. Commissioner of Internal Revenue, petitioner, v. William
I. Connelly and Bertha Connelly. On writ of certiorari to the United
States Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia Circuit. Judg-
ment reversed and case remanded to the Court of Appeals for pro-
ceedings in conformity with the opinion of this Court. Opinion by
Mr. Justice Minton. Mr. Justice Frankfurter and Mr. Justice Doug-
las took no part in the consideration or decision of this case.
No. 20. Oscar F. Treichler, Executor of the Estate of Fred A.
Miller, appellant, v. State of Wisconsin. Appeal from the Supreme
Court of the State of Wisconsin. Judgment reversed with costs and
case remanded to said Supreme Court for proceedings not inconsist-
ent with the opinion of this Court. Opinion by Mr. Justice Clark.
Dissenting: Mr. Justice Black. Mr. Justice Douglas took no part
in the consideration or decision of this case.
No. 11. J. Howard McGrath, Attorney General, as Successor to the
Alien Property Custodian, petitioner, v. Manufacturers Trust Com-
pany; and
No. 15. Manufacturers Trust Company, petitioner, v. J. Howard
McGrath, Attorney General, as Successor to the Alien Property
Custodian. On writs of certiorari to the United States Court of
850087-49--16

MONDAY, NOVEMBER 7, 1949
56
Appeals for the Second Circuit. Judgment in No. 11 affirmed and
case remanded to the United States District Court for the Southern
District of New York. Judgment in No. 15 vacated and case re-
manded to the United States District Court for the Southern Dis-
trict of New York to permit such amendments of the pleadings or
further proceedings as shall be consistent with the opinion of this
Court. Opinion by Mr. Justice Burton. Mr. Justice Douglas and
Mr. Justice Clark took no part in the consideration or decision of
these cases.
No. 24. Stephen J. Roth, Attorney General of the State of Mich-
igan, appellant, v. Preston Delano, Comptroller of the Currency of the
United States of America, et al. Appeal from the United States
Court of Appeals for the Sixth Circuit. Judgment vacated and case
remanded to the Court of Appeals for such action as it may consider
appropriate in the light of the opinion of this Court. Opinion by Mr.
Justice Jackson. Mr. Justice Douglas took no part in the considera-
tion or decision of this case.
No. 16. Leroy Graham et al., petitioners, v. Brotherhood of Loco-
motive Firemen and Enginemen. On writ of certiorari to the United
States Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia Circuit. Judg-
ment of the Court of Appeals reversed with costs, the order of the Dis-
trict Court granting a preliminary injunction is reinstated, and cause
remanded to the United States District Court for the District of
Columbia for further proceedings in conformity with the opinion of
this Court. The mandate is ordered to issue forthwith. Opinion by
Mr. Justice Jackson. Mr. Justice Douglas and Mr. Justice Minton
took no part in the consideration or decision of this case.
No. 42. The United States of America, petitioner, v. Lillian Spelar,
as Administratrix of the Estate of Mark Spelar, Deceased. On writ
of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the Second
Circuit. Judgment reversed and case remanded to the United States
District Court for the Eastern District of New York for proceedings
in conformity with the opinion of this Court. Opinion by Mr. Jus-
tice Reed. Concurring opinion by Mr. Justice Frankfurter. Con-
curring opinion by Mr. Justice Jackson. Mr. Justice Douglas took
no part in the consideration or decision of this case.
No. 17. Alexander Boyd, petitioner, v. Grand Trunk Western
Railroad Company. On writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of
the State of Michigan. Judgment reversed with costs and case re-
manded to the Supreme Court for proceedings not inconsistent with
the opinion of this Court. Opinion per curiam announced by Mr.
Chief Justice Vinson. Mr. Justice Frankfurter and Mr. Justice
Jackson concur in the result. Mr. Justice Douglas and Mr. Justice
Minton took no part in the consideration or decision of this case.

MONDAY, NOVEMBER 7, 1949
57
No. 19. Todd C. Faulkner, petitioner, v. John T. Gibbs. On writ
of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the Ninth
Circuit. Judgment affirmed with costs and case remanded to the
United States District Court for the Southern District of California.
Opinion per curiam announced by Mr. Chief Justice Vinson. Mr.
Justice Black is of the opinion that the language of the claims was
too broad at the precise point where there was novelty, if there was
novelty anywhere. Mr. Justice Douglas took no part in the consid-
eration or decision of this case.
The Chief Justice announced the following orders of the Court:
No. 332. Charles L. Dye, Warden of the Allegheny County Jail,
petitioner, v. Leon Johnson, alias Robert McMillan. On petition for
writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals for the Third Circuit. Per
curiam: The petition for writ of certiorari is granted and the judg-
ment is reversed. Ex parte Hawk, 321 U. S. 114. Mr. Justice Douglas
took no part in the consideration or decision of this case.
No. 342. Sheldon C. Vinsonhaler et al., a Partnership, d/b/a
KGHI Broadcasting Service, et al., appellants, v. Roy Beard, Col-
lector for the City of Little Rock, Arkansas. Appeal from the
Supreme Court of Arkansas. Per curiam: The appeal is dismissed
for want of a substantial federal question. Crutcher v. Kentucky,
141 U. S. 47. Mr. Justice Douglas took no part in the consideration
or decision of this case.
No. 344. Avery Dexter, appellant, v. The State of Washington.
Appeal from the Supreme Court of Washington. Per curiam: The
judgment is affirmed. Mr. Justice Douglas took no part in the con-
sideration or decision of this case.
No. 363. Lynchburg Traffic Bureau, appellant, v. United States
of America, Interstate Commerce Commission, et al. Appeal from
the United States District Court for the Western District of Virginia.
Per curiam: The motion to affirm is granted and the judgment is
affirmed. Mr. Justice Douglas took no part in the consideration or
decision of this case.
No. 375. Western Union Division, The Commercial Telegraphers'
Union, American Federation of Labor, appellants, v. The United
States of America, Federal Communications Commission, and the
Western Union Telegraph Company. Appeal from the United States
District Court for the District of Columbia. Per curiam: The mo-
tion to affirm is granted and the judgment is affirmed. McLean
Trucking Co. v. United States, 321 U. S. 67. Mr. Justice Black and
Mr. Justice Douglas took no part in the consideration or decision of
this case.

'
MONDAY, NOVEMBER 7, 1949
The Chief Justice said:
58
"The other orders of the Court appear upon the list certified by the
Chief Justice and filed with the Clerk and will not be announced
orally."
No. 25. Elmer W. Henderson, appellant, v. The United States of
America, Interstate Commerce Commission, and Southern Railway
Company. The motion of Sam Hobbs for leave to file a brief as
amicus curiae is granted. Mr. Justice Douglas took no part in the
consideration or decision of this application.
No. 34. G. W. McLaurin, appellant, v. Oklahoma State Regents
for Higher Education, Board of Regents of University of Oklahoma,
et al. In this case probable jurisdiction is noted.
No. 378. Kenneth J. Mullane, as Special Guardian and Attorney,
etc., appellants, v. Central Hanover Bank and Trust Company, as
Trustee, etc., et al. Further consideration of the question of the juris-
diction of this Court in this case is postponed to the hearing of the
case on the merits. Mr. Justice Douglas took no part in the consider-
ation or decision of this question.
No. 44. Heman Marion Sweatt, petitioner, v. Theophilis Shickel
Painter et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of
Texas granted.
No. 107. Standard Oil Company, petitioner, v. Federal Trade
Commission. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals
for the Seventh Circuit granted. Mr. Justice Douglas and Mr. Justice
Minton took no part in the consideration or decision of this applica-
tion.
No. 302. District of Columbia, petitioner, v. Geraldine Little,
alias Mildred Parker. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of
Appeals for the District of Columbia Circuit granted. Mr. Justice
Douglas took no part in the consideration or decision of this applica-
tion.
No. 177. The Pennsylvania Railroad Company, petitioner, v.
Clyde W. Krenger. On petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of
Appeals for the Second Circuit;
No. 235. Louis Soble, petitioner, v. The State of Texas. On peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the Court of Criminal Appeals of Texas;
No. 297. James T. Ritter, petitioner, v. Commonwealth of Ken-
tucky. On petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals of
Kentucky;
No. 301. S/A Industrias Reunidas F. Matarazzo, petitioner, v.
Arthur Lewis Latimer. On petition for writ of certiorari to the Court
of Appeals for the Second Circuit ;

MONDAY, NOVEMBER 7, 1949
59
No. 303. C. H. Sellers and Clara H. Sellers et al., petitioners, v.
Stanolind Oil and Gas Company. On petition for writ of certiorari
to the Court of Appeals for the Tenth Circuit;
No. 304. Paper Container Mfg. Company. petitioner, v. Dixie Cup
Company. On petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals
for the Seventh Circuit;
No. 305. Thomas W. Smith, Jr., petitioner, v. John T. McLane
et al. On petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals for the
Third Circuit;
No. 310. Central Electric and Gas Company, petitioner. v. C. Rus-
sell Mattson, Administrator of the Estate of William Brehm, De-
ceased, et al. On petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of
Appeals for the Eighth Circuit:
No. 311. Vincent Anthony Sorrentino, petitioner, v. The United
States of America. On petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of
Appeals for the Third Circuit:
No. 312. Joseph Zanzonico. petitioner, v. Michael Zanzonico, Indi-
vidually and as Executor of Antonio Zanzonico et al. On petition
for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of New Jersey;
No. 314. Pacific-Atlantic Steamship Co. and E. J. Lavino and
Company, petitioners, v. The United States of America. On petition
for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals for the Fourth Circuit;
No. 315. American Eastern Corporation, petitioner, v. Jeremiah
McCarthy. On petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals
for the Third Circuit:
No. 321. Norman F. Schmitt. In His Own Right and as Agent and
Representative of R. W. Baird, Jr., et al., petitioners, v. War Emer-
gency Pipelines, Inc.. and Reconstruction Finance Corporation. On
petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals for the Eighth
Circuit:
No. 322. Fawcett Publications, Inc., petitioner, v. Bronze Publica-
tions, Inc., and Sam B. Solomon. On petition for writ of certiorari
to the Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit ;
No. 325. Forrest H. Smith and Smith's Heating. Incorporated, pe-
titioners, v. General Foundry Machine Company, Incorporated, et al.
On petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals for the
Fourth Circuit :
No. 327. Anthony Gussie. petitioner, v. Pennsylvania Railroad
Company. On petition for writ of certiorari to the Appellate Division
of the Superior Court of New Jersey;
No. 328. Roland J. Christy, petitioner, v. Samuel D. Conver et al.,
Constituting the County Board of Law Examiners of Montgomery
County. On petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court
of Pennsylvania;
850087-49--17

MONDAY, NOVEMBER 7, 1949
60
No. 329. Morris Klein, petitioner, v. The United States of Amer-
ica; and
No. 330. Harry Burke, petitioner, v. The United States of Amer-
ica. On petition for writs of certiorari to the Court of Appeals for
the Eighth Circuit;
No. 331. Bernard Edward Co., petitioner. v. Douglass R. Falken-
berg. On petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals for
the Seventh Circuit;
No. 333. The United States of America, petitioner, v. Continental-
American Bank and Trust Co. and Mercantile National Bank at
Dallas. On petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals for
the Fifth Circuit;
No. 343. Brister and Keester Lumber Corporation, petitioner, v.
Edgar C. Turney, Director, Division of Liquidation, Department of
Commerce. On petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Emergency Court of Appeals;
No. 345. Sylvester D. Joy et al., petitioners, v. Wesley McLaren
Hague et al. On petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Ap-
peals for the First Circuit;
No. 351. American Dredging Company, Claimant and Owner of
Tugs "James N. Knipe” and “Arthur N. Herron,” petitioner, v. The
United States of America, as Owner of Steamship "Norwich Vic-
tory"; and
No. 352. American Dredging Company, Individually and as Owner
of the Dump Scows "No. 116," "No. 120,” and “No. 122,” petitioner, v.
The United States of America et al. On petitions for writs of cer-
tiorari to the Court of Appeals for the Third Circuit;
No. 356. Mae Taylor, petitioner, v. Municipal Court of the City of
Los Angeles and the Honorable Byron J. Walters, Judge thereof.
On petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of California;
and
No. 386. National Lead Company, petitioner, v. Max Schuft and
William G. Schuft (Plaintiffs) and Millers National Insurance Com-
pany, et al. On petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals
for the Eighth Circuit. The petitions for writs of certiorari in these
cases are severally denied. Mr. Justice Douglas took no part in the
consideration or decision of these applications.
No. 168. International Union, United Mine Workers of America,
et al., petitioners, v. The United States of America; and
No. 169. International Union, United Mine Workers of America,
et al., petitioners, v. The United States of America. The petition
for writs of certiorari to the Court of Appeals for the District of
Columbia Circuit is denied. Mr. Justice Black, Mr. Justice Reed, and
Mr. Justice Douglas are of the opinion certiorari should be granted.

!
MONDAY, NOVEMBER 7, 1949
61
Mr. Justice Clark took no part in the consideration or decision of this
application.
No. 182. Brotherhood of Locomotive Engineers, Brotherhood of
Locomotive Firemen and Enginemen, et al., petitioners, v. The United
States of America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of
Appeals for the District of Columbia Circuit denied. Mr. Justice
Clark took no part in the consideration or decision of this appli-
cation.
No. 307. Eitel-McCullough, Inc., petitioner, v. Commissioner of
Internal Revenue. The motion to dispense with printing the record is
granted. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals for the
Ninth Circuit denied. Mr. Justice Douglas took no part in the con-
sideration or decision of these applications.
No. 308. The United States of America, ex rel. Hermann Hoehn,
petitioner, v. Edward J. Shaughnessy, as District Director of Immi-
gration and Naturalization of the United States for the District of
New York. The motion to dispense with printing the petition and
record is granted. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of
Appeals for the Second Circuit denied. Mr. Justice Douglas took
no part in the consideration or decision of these applications.
No. 313. Elmer Lee Wright, petitioner, v. The United States of
America. The motion of Billie Leonard Moore to join in the petition
for the writ is denied. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of
Appeals for the Eighth Circuit denied. Mr. Justice Douglas took no
part in the consideration or decision of these applications.
No. 316. Isidore B. Bernstein, petitioner, v. Ems Corporation.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals for the
Second Circuit denied. Mr. Justice Black is of the opinion certiorari
should be granted. Mr. Justice Douglas took no part in the considera-
tion or decision of this application.
No. 346. Leon Kaminer, petitioner, v. Tom C. Clark, Attorney
General of the United States, et al. The motion to substitute J.
Howard McGrath as a party respondent in the place and stead of
Tom C. Clark is granted. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court
of Appeals for the District of Columbia Circuit denied. Mr. Justice
Douglas took no part in the consideration or decision of these appli-
cations.
No. 3, Misc. Finis Grayson, petitioner, v. H. E. Moore, Warden.
On petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Criminal Appeals of
Texas;
No. 7, Misc. L. D. Hughes, petitioner, v. William H. Hiatt, Warden.
On petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals for the
Fifth Circuit;

MONDAY, NOVEMBER 7, 1949
62
No. 15, Misc. Johnnie F. Slaughter, petitioner, v. The United
States of America. On petition for writ of certiorari to the Court
of Appeals for the District of Columbia Circuit ;
No. 16, Misc. Primitivo Caban Montalvo, petitioner, v. William H.
Hiatt, Warden. On petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of
Appeals for the Fifth Circuit;
No. 18, Misc. George T. Jordan, petitioner, v. Winfred Overholser,
Supt. On petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals for
the District of Columbia Circuit;
No. 24, Misc. Charles T. Carroll, petitioner v. The United States
of America. On petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Ap-
peals for the Sixth Circuit;
No. 59, Misc. Carl Edelson, petitioner, v. E. E. Thompson, Warden.
On petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals for the
Second Circuit;
No. 64, Misc. Carl A. Doll, petitioner, v. The United States of
America. On petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals
for the Tenth Circuit;
No. 70, Misc. Bernard Hubert Tabor, petitioner, v. The United
States of America. On petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of
Appeals for the Fourth Circuit ;
No. 75, Misc. Floyd Haywood Delaney, petitioner, v. The United
States of America. On petition for writ of certiorari to the Court
of Appeals for the Sixth Circuit;
No. 80, Misc. Gene McCann, petitioner, v. The United States. On
petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals for the Second
Circuit;
No. 116, Misc. Gene McCann et al., petitioners, v. Tom C. Clark,
Attorney General. On petition for writ of certiorari to the Court
of Appeals for the District of Columbia Circuit;
No. 121, Misc. Gene McCann., etc., et al., petitioners, v. Tom C.
Clark, Individually, etc. On petition for writ of certiorari to the
Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia Circuit;
No. 126, Misc. Gene McCann, petitioner, v. Tom C. Clark, Attorney
General of the United States. On petition for writ of certiorari to
the Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia Circuit;
No. 131, Misc. Gene McCann, petitioner, v. Tom C. Clark, Attorney
General, etc. On petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals
for the District of Columbia Circuit;
No. 157, Misc. Gene McCann, etc., petitioner, v. Tom C. Clark, etc.
On petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals for the
District of Columbia Circuit;
No. 82, Misc. Charles Lee McIntosh, petitioner, v. United States.
On petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals for the
Eighth Circuit;

+
MONDAY, NOVEMBER 7, 1949
63
No. 85, Misc. Ray Berg, petitioner, v. United States. On petition
for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit;
No. 129, Misc. Allen T. Reid, petitioner, v. State of North Carolina.
On petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of North
Carolina;
No. 162, Misc. Harry Mayo, petitioner, v. C. J. Burke, Warden.
On petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Penn-
sylvania;
No. 167, Misc. Paul Reeder, petitioner, v. Joseph E. Ragen,
Warden. On petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court
of Illinois; and
No. 172, Misc. Joseph Scarpinato, petitioner, v. Joseph E. Ragen,
Warden. On petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of
Will County, State of Illinois. The petitions for writs of certiorari
in these cases are severally denied. Mr. Justice Douglas took no part
in the consideration or decision of these applications.
No. 91, Misc. Gene McCann, petitioner, v. United States. Petition
denied. Mr. Justice Douglas took no part in the consideration or
decision of this application.
No. 14. Eugene Dennis, petitioner, v. The United States of Amer-
ica. Argued by Mr. George W. Crockett, Jr., for the petitioner and
by Mr. Solicitor General Perlman for the respondent.
No. 48. Rosette Sorge Savorgnan, petitioner, v. The United States
of America, J. Howard McGrath, the Attorney General of the United
States of America, et al. Argument commenced by Mr. Carl A. Flom
and Mr. Suel O. Arnold for the petitioner and continued by Mr.
Oscar H. Davis for the respondents.
Adjourned until tomorrow at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Tuesday, November 8, will be as follows: Nos. 48,
45, 49 (and 50), 61, 39, 62, 69, 71, 59, and 46.
☑

TUESDAY, NOVEMBER 8, 1949
64
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: Mr. Chief Justice Vinson, Mr. Justice Black, Mr. Justice
Reed, Mr. Justice Frankfurter, Mr. Justice Jackson, Mr. Justice
Burton, Mr. Justice Clark, and Mr. Justice Minton.
Jeff D. Duty, of Little Rock, Ark., J. Connor Austin, of Detroit,
Mich.; and Frank Dale Morgan, of Los Angeles, Calif., were admitted
to practice.
No. 48. Rosette Sorge Savorgnan, petitioner, v. The United States
of America, J. Howard McGrath, the Attorney General of the United
States of America, et al. Argument continued by Mr. Oscar H. Davis
for the respondents and concluded by Mr. Suel O. Arnold for the
petitioner.
No. 45. The United States, petitioner, v. Helen W. Benedict and
Frank B. Smith, as Trustees, et al. Argued by Mr. Arnold Raum for
the petitioner and by Mr. Theodore Pearson for the respondents.
No. 49. Helen Parker, Ione Lane Wheeler, Katherine Gates, et al.,
petitioners, v. County of Los Angeles et al.; and
No. 50. Julia Learner Steiner, petitioner, v. County of Los Angeles
et al. Argued by Mr. A. L. Wirin for the petitioner in No. 50, by Mr.
John T. McTernan for the petitioners in No. 49, and by Mr. Gerald G.
Kelly for the respondents.
No. 61. John Hughes and Louis Richardson, petitioners, v. Supe-
rior Court of the State of California In and For the County of Contra
Costa. Argument commenced by Mr. Bertram Edises for the peti-
tioners.
Adjourned until tomorrow at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Wednesday, November 9, will be as follows: Nos.
61, 39, 62, 69, 71, 46, 59, 22, 77, and 76.
850087-49-18

WEDNESDAY, NOVEMBER 9, 1949
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
65
Present: Mr. Chief Justice Vinson, Mr. Justice Black, Mr. Justice
Reed, Mr. Justice Frankfurter, Mr. Justice Jackson, Mr. Justice
Burton, Mr. Justice Clark, and Mr. Justice Minton.
Chris J. Dixie, of Houston, Tex.; Kenneth B. Johnston, of Colum-
bus, Ohio; Philip S. Kouri, of Wichita Falls, Tex.; Elmer H. Parish,
of Wichita Falls, Tex.; Harry M. Miller, of Columbus, Ohio; William
H. Heidenberg, of Louisville, Ky.; Charles William Cooper, of New
York City; and Robert L. Heald, of Washington, D. C., were ad-
mitted to practice.
No. 313. Elmer Lee Wright, petitioner, v. The United States of
America. Motion to stay order denying writ of certiorari denied.
No. 61. John Hughes and Louis Richardson, petitioners, v. Supe-
rior Court of the State of California In and For the County of Contra
Costa. Argument continued by Mr. Bertram Edises for the peti-
tioners, by Mr. Frank S. Richards for the respondent, and concluded
by Mr. Bertram Edises for the petitioners.
No. 39. The United States, petitioner, v. The Toronto, Hamilton
and Buffalo Navigation Company. Argued by Mr. Paul A. Sweeney
for the petitioner and by Mr. Gerald E. Dwyer for the respondent.
No. 62. Roy Cole and Louis Jones, petitioners, v. State of Arkansas.
Argued by Mr. Thomas E. Harris for the petitioners and by Mr.
Jeff Duty for the respondent.
No. 69. Jesse Miller Sinclair, petitioner, v. The United States of
America. Argued by Mr. Jacob Kossman for the petitioner and by
Mr. John R. Benney for the respondent.
Adjourned until tomorrow at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Thursday, November 10, will be as follows: Nos. 71,
46, 59, 22, 77, 76, 75, 271, 82, and 3.
☑
850087-49--19
}

THURSDAY, NOVEMBER 10, 1949
66
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: Mr. Chief Justice Vinson, Mr. Justice Black, Mr. Justice
Reed, Mr. Justice Frankfurter, Mr. Justice Jackson, Mr. Justice Bur-
ton, Mr. Justice Clark, and Mr. Justice Minton.
Frank Ikard, of Wichita Falls, Tex.; Barron F. Black, of Norfolk,
Va.; Hugh Stockdell Meredith, of Norfolk, Va.; William A. Disque,
of Washington, D. C.; R. Edwin Hough, of Fort Smith, Ark.; Gilbert
H. Hennessey, Jr., of Chicago, Ill.; Harriet Bouslog, of Honolulu,
T. H.; Francis J. Smrcina, of Wausau, Wis.; Allan R. Redrow, of
New Holland, Pa.; Stuart H. Steinbrink, of Brooklyn, N. Y.; and
Joseph R. Stewart, of Kansas City, Mo., were admitted to practice.
No. 71. Federal Power Commission, petitioner, v. East Ohio Gas
Company et al. Argued by Mr. Bradford Ross for the petitioner;
by Mr. William B. Cockley for the respondent, East Ohio Gas Co.;
by Mr. Harry M. Miller for the respondents, State of Ohio and Pub-
lic Utilities Commission of Ohio; and by Mr. Walter R. McDonald for
Indiana Public Service Commission et al., as amici curiae, by special
leave of Court.
No. 46. Lee Cassell, petitioner, v. The State of Texas. Argued by
Mr. Chris Dixie for the petitioner and by Mr. Joe R. Greenhill for the
respondent.
No. 59. Reo Motors, Inc., petitioner, v. Commissioner of Internal
Revenue. Argument commenced by Mr. James O. Wynn for the
petitioner.
Adjourned until Monday, November 14, next, at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Monday, November 14, will be as follows: Nos.
59, 22, 77, 76, 75, 271, 82, 3, 47, and 70.
Х
850087-49-20

MONDAY, NOVEMBER 14, 1949
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: Mr. Chief Justice Vinson, Mr. Justice Black, Mr. Justice
Reed, Mr. Justice Frankfurter, Mr. Justice Jackson, Mr. Justice
Burton, Mr. Justice Clark, and Mr. Justice Minton.
Henry J. Brandt, of Chicago, Ill.; Abraham I. Horn, of New York
City; Robert M. Benjamin, of New York City; Alexander Kahan, of
New York City; Harold M. Leeds, of New York City; Howard E.
Sutherland, of Indianapolis, Ind; Moses G. Hubbard, of Utica, N. Y.;
Elizabeth Lee Shriner, of South Bend, Ind.; Benjamin Eugene Pierce,
Jr., of Augusta, Ga.; and Franklin H. Pierce, of Augusta, Ga., were
admitted to practice.
No. 28. John Walter Oakley, Jr., petitioner, v. Louisville and
Nashville Railroad Co., et al.; and
No. 29. John S. Haynes, petitioner, v. Cincinnati, New Orleans and
Texas Pacific Railway Company et al. On writs of certiorari to
the United States Court of Appeals for the Sixth Circuit. Judg-
ments reversed with costs and cases remanded to the United States
District Court for the Eastern District of Kentucky for further pro-
ceedings in conformity with the opinion of this Court. Opinion
by Mr. Justice Burton. Mr. Justice Jackson concurs in the result.
Mr. Justice Douglas took no part in the consideration or decision
of these cases.
No. 40. The United States of America and Interstate Commerce
Commission, appellants, v. The Capital Transit Company et al.; and
No. 41. Washington, Virginia and Maryland Coach Company, Inc.,
et al., appellants, v. The Capital Transit Company et al. Appeals
from the United States District Court for the District of Columbia.
Decree reversed and cases remanded with directions to dismiss the
actions. Opinion per curiam announced by Mr. Justice Black. Dis-
senting opinion of the Chief Justice, Mr. Justice Reed, and Mr.
Justice Jackson announced by Mr. Justice Reed. Mr. Justice Douglas
took no part in the consideration or decision of these cases.
No. 31. Louis A. Reilly, as Postmaster of the City of Newark, in
the County of Essex and State of New Jersey, petitioner, v. Joseph J.
Pinkus, Trading as American Health Aids Company, Also Known
as Energy Food Center. On writ of certiorari to the United States
Court of Appeals for the Third Circuit. Judgment of the Court
850087-49- -21
29
67

MONDAY, NOVEMBER 14, 1949
68
of Appeals affirmed, without prejudice to a reopening of the pro-
ceedings against respondent to permit additional hearings should
the Postmaster General choose to do so, and case remanded to the
United States District Court for the District of New Jersey. Opinion
by Mr. Justice Black. Mr. Justice Douglas took no part in the
consideration or decision of this case.
The Chief Justice announced the following order of the Court:
No. 421. I. Harry Goodley, appellant, v. The People of the State
of California. Appeal from the Appellate Department of the Supe-
rior Court in and for the County of Los Angeles, State of California.
Per curiam: The motion for leave to proceed in forma pauperis is
granted. The appeal is dismissed for want of a substantial federal
question.
The Chief Justice said:
"The other orders of the Court appear upon the list certified by the
Chief Justice and filed with the Clerk and will not be announced
orally."
No. 306. Louis A. Johnson, Secretary of Defense of the United
States, et al., petitioners, v. Lothar Eisentrager, Alias Ludwig Ehr-
hardt, On His Own Behalf and as Next Friend of Franz Siebert, et al.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals for the District
of Columbia Circuit granted.
No. 21. Stephen J. Roth, Attorney General, Successor to Eugene F.
Black, Attorney General, etc., petitioner, v. Preston Delano, Comp-
troller of the Currency of the United States of America, et al. Petition
for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals for the Sixth Circuit
denied.
No. 162. Wiley Branton, petitioner, v. State of Arkansas. Peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Arkansas denied.
No. 347. School District of the Borough of Centerville, petitioner,
v. Jones and Laughlin Steel Corporation;
No. 348. School District of the Borough of Centerville, petitioner,
v. Jones and Laughlin Steel Corporation; and
No. 349. School District of the Borough of Centerville, petitioner,
v. Jones and Laughlin Steel Corporation. Petition for writs of cer-
tiorari to the Supreme Court of Pennsylvania denied.
No. 357. Ammiel F. Decker and Mabel P. Decker, Individuals
Trading and Doing Business as Decker Products Company, peti-
tioners, v. Federal Trade Commission. Petition for writ of certiorari
to the Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia Circuit denied.

MONDAY, NOVEMBER 14, 1949
69
No. 360. Rice Growers Association of California (a Corporation),
petitioner, v. Rederiaktiebolaget Frode (a Corporation), Owner of
the Steamship "Frej." Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of
Appeals for the Ninth Circuit denied.
No. 317. Friedrich Flick, petitioner, v. Louis A. Johnson, Secre-
tary of Defense, Gordon Gray, Secretary of the Army, et al. Petition
for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals for the District of
Columbia Circuit denied. Mr. Justice Black is of the opinion certi-
orari should be granted. Mr. Justice Jackson took no part in the
consideration or decision of this application.
No. 340. Thomas L. Oldfield, petitioner, v. SS Arthur P. Fairfield,
Her Engines, Boilers, Tackle, Apparel, Furniture, et al. The motion
to dispense with printing the record is granted. Petition for writ
of certiorari to the Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit denied.
No. 366. Irving Potash, petitioner, v. Tom C. Clark, Attorney Gen-
eral of the United States, and Watson B. Miller, Commissioner of
Immigration and Naturalization. The motion to substitute J. How-
ard McGrath as a party respondent in the place and stead of Tom C.
Clark is granted. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of
Appeals for the District of Columbia Circuit denied. Mr. Justice
Clark took no part in the consideration or decision of these appli-
cations.
No. 10. American Communications Association, C. I. O., et al., ap-
pellants, v. Charles T. Douds, Individually and as Regional Director
of the National Labor Relations Board, Second Region; and
No. 13. United Steelworkers of America et al., petitioners, v.
National Labor Relations Board. The motion of United Electrical
Radio and Machine Workers of America for leave to file a brief as
amicus curiae is granted.
No. 25. Elmer W. Henderson, appellant, v. The United States of
America, Interstate Commerce Commission and Southern Railway
Company. The motions of National Lawyers Guild; American Vet-
erans Committee; Congress of Industrial Organizations; American
Jewish Congress; and National Association for the Advancement of
Colored People, for leave to file briefs as amici curiae are granted.
No. 44. Heman Marion Sweatt, petitioner, v. Theophilis Shickel
Painter et al. The motion of The Federal Council of the Churches
of Christ in America for leave to file a brief as amicus curiae is
granted.
No. 49. Helen Parker, Ione Lane Wheeler, Katherine Gates, et al.,
petitioners, v. County of Los Angeles, et al.; and
No. 50. Julia Learner Steiner, petitioner, v. County of Los Angeles
et al. The motions of Civil Rights Congress; Council on African

1
MONDAY, NOVEMBER 14, 1949
70
Affairs, Inc.; National Lawyers Guild; Congress of American Women;
Progressive Party of America; and Los Angeles Area Council of
American Veterans Committee, for leave to file briefs as amici curiae
are granted.
No. 69. Jesse Miller Sinclair, petitioner, v. The United States of
America. The motion of American Civil Liberties Union for leave to
file a brief as amicus curiae is granted.
No. 107. Standard Oil Company, petitioner, v. Federal Trade Com-
mission. The motion of Retail Gasoline Dealers Association of Michi-
gan, Inc., for leave to file a brief as amicus curiae is granted.
No. 271. Alcoa Steamship Company, Inc., petitioner, v. The United
States of America. The motions of Stockard Steamship Corporation
and Waterman Steamship Corporation for leave to file briefs as amici
curiae are granted.
ORDER
IT IS ORDERED that Paragraph 9 of Rule 27 of the Rules of this
Court be, and it hereby is, amended to read as follows:
“9. (a) Brief of an amicus curiae in cases before the Court on the
merits. A brief of an amicus curiae may be filed only after order of
the Court or when accompanied by written consent of all parties to
the case and presented promptly after announcement postponing or
noting probable jurisdiction on appeal, granting certiorari, or perti-
nent action in a case upon the original docket.
"(b) Brief of an amicus curiae prior to consideration of jurisdic-
tional statement or a petition for writ of certiorari.-A brief of an
amicus curiae filed with consent of the parties, or motion, independ-
ent of the brief, for leave to file when consent is refused may be filed
only if submitted a reasonable time prior to the consideration of a
jurisdictional statement or a petition for writ of certiorari. Such
motions are not favored. Distribution to the Court under the ap-
plicable rules of a jurisdictional statement or a petition for writ of
certiorari and its consideration thereof will not be delayed pending the
receipt of such brief or the filing of such motion.
"(c) Motion for leave to file.-When consent to the filing of a
brief of an amicus curiae is refused by a party to the case, a motion,
independent of the brief, for leave to file may timely be presented
to the Court. It shall concisely state the nature of the applicant's
interest, set forth facts or questions of law that have not been, or
reasons for believing that they will not adequately be, presented by
the parties, and their relevancy to the disposition of the case. A
party served with such motion may seasonably file in this Court an
objection concisely stating the reasons for withholding consent.

MONDAY, NOVEMBER 14, 1949
71
"(d) Consent not required.-Consent to the filing of a brief of an
amicus curiae need not be had when the brief is presented for the
United States sponsored by the Solicitor General; for any agency of
the United States authorized by law to appear in its own behalf,
sponsored by its appropriate legal representative; for a State spon-
sored by its Attorney General; or for a political subdivision of a
State sponsored by the authorized law officer thereof.
"(e) Signature of a member of the bar of this Court and proof of
service required.-All briefs and/or motions filed under this Rule
shall bear the signature of a member of the Bar of this Court, and
shall be accompanied by proof of service on all parties to the case."
No. 80. Thomas Hodge, George Hodge, Nettie Powell, et al., peti-
tioners, v. First Presbyterian Church of Sterling, Illinois;
No. 92. Turner Glass Corporation, petitioner, v. Hartford-Empire
Company, Owens-Illinois Glass Company, Hazel-Atlas Glass Com-
pany, et al.;
No. 148. Eric Hass, appellant, v. The People of the State of New
York;
No. 160. Walter A. Lavender, Administrator of the Estate of
Charles Lee Hunter, Deceased, petitioner, v. Illinois Central Railroad
Company;
No. 172. Harry W. Schuermann, petitioner, v. The United States of
America;
No. 199. Elmer Michael Walsh, Sheriff of Cook County, Illinois,
petitioner, v. The United States of America, ex rel. Ralph E. White;
No. 210. Auburn Savings Bank, Eastport Savings Bank, and Skow-
hegan Savings Bank, petitioners, v. Portland Railroad Company et al.;
No. 222. Ralph L. Robinson, petitioner, v. The United States of
America and
No. 223. John S. Bleker, Jr., petitioner, v. The United States of
America;
No. 225. The Andrew Jergens Company, petitioner, v. National
Labor Relations Board;
No. 247. Arthur W. Gibson, petitioner, v. International Freighting
Corporation;
No. 250. Arthur Bingaman, Administrator of the Estate of Alvin
A. Bingaman, Deceased, appellant, v. Eric H. Rehn and John P. Mai-
nelli, Doing Business Under the Name and Style of John P. Mainelli
Construction Company;
No. 260. James Sheppard Potts and Adam Empie Potts, peti-
tioners, v. J. K. Rader, as Administrator, et al.;
No. 261. Frank M. Cobb, petitioner, v. Commissioner of Internal
Revenue;
No. 290. Fred Payne, petitioner, v. The United States of America;

MONDAY, NOVEMBER 14, 1949
No. 83, Misc. Ex parte Sol Newstead, petitioner;
72
No. 112, Misc. Morgan A. Israel and Michael Patrick Marvich,
petitioners, v. People of the State of California; and
No. 120, Misc. Glenn H. Goodman, petitioner, v. State of Iowa.
The petitions for rehearing in these cases are severally denied.
No. 598, Misc., October Term, 1948. Bernard M. Shotkin et al., peti-
tioners, v. The Denver Publishing Company et al. The second peti-
tion for rehearing is denied.
No. 100. Andrew J. May, petitioner, v. The United States of
America;
No. 101. Murray Garsson, petitioner, v. The United States of
America; and
No. 102. Henry M. Garsson, petitioner, v. The United States of
America. The petitions for rehearing in these cases are denied. The
Chief Justice and Mr. Justice Clark took no part in the consideration
or decision of these applications.
No. 23, Misc. Charles Colton et al., petitioners, v. The United States
of America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals
for the Second Circuit denied.
No. 89, Misc. Leon Jones, petitioner, v. United States. Petition
for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit
denied.
No. 92, Misc. Elmer Bentley Pickins, petitioner, v. United States.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals for the Fifth
Circuit denied.
No. 98, Misc. John H. Allen, petitioner, v. The United States of
America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals for
the Sixth Circuit denied.
No. 101, Misc. Anna Kwasizur, Admx., etc., petitioner, v. Frank A.
Cardillo, Deputy Commr., etc. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
Court of Appeals for the Third Circuit denied.
No. 118, Misc. Hubert H. Council, petitioner, v. Donald Clemmer,
Director. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals for
the District of Columbia Circuit denied.
No. 119, Misc. Julia B. Minton, petitioner, v. Theodore Britton,
Deputy Commr. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of
Appeals for the District of Columbia Circuit denied.
No. 165, Misc. James Kelly, petitioner, v. People of the State of
Colorado. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of
Colorado denied.
No. 169, Misc. Robert G. Gibbs, petitioner, v. Stanley P. Ashe,
Warden. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Superior Court of
Pennsylvania denied.

MONDAY, NOVEMBER 14, 1949
73
No. 175, Misc. Edward Perkins, petitioner, v. Joseph E. Ragen,
Warden. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of
Illinois denied.
No. 177, Misc. Robert L. Cavanaugh, petitioner, v. Joseph E.
Ragen, Warden. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court
of Will County, State of Illinois, denied.
No. 182, Misc. Paul Reeder, petitioner, v. Joseph E. Ragen, Warden.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Criminal Court of Cook County,
State of Illinois, denied.
No. 187, Misc. Earl F. Hall, petitioner, v. Browning Robinson,
Warden. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of Macon
County, State of Illinois, denied.
No. 189, Misc. Michael F. Coggins, Jr., petitioner, v. The Common-
wealth of Massachusetts. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Su-
preme Judicial Court of Massachusetts denied.
No. 88, Misc. Sam Wedgle, petitioner, v. United States. The motion
for leave to file petition for writ of certiorari is denied.
No. 178, Misc. George J. Furman, petitioner, v. Joseph E. Ragen,
Warden. The motion for leave to file petition for writ of habeas
corpus is denied.
Mr. Justice Douglas took no part in the consideration or decision of
the cases in which judgments or orders are this day announced.
The Court will take a recess from Monday, November 21, until
Monday, December 5, next.
No. 59. Reo Motors, Inc., petitioner, v. Commissioner of Internal
Revenue. Argument continued by Mr. James O. Wynn for the peti-
tioner and concluded by Mr. Oscar H. Davis for the respondent.
No. 22. The United States of America, appellant, v. Yellow Cab
Company, Chicago Yellow Cab Company, Inc., et al. Argument
commenced by Mr. Charles H. Weston for the appellant and continued
by Mr. Jesse Climenko for the appellees.
Adjourned until tomorrow, at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Tuesday, November 15, will be as follows: Nos. 22,
77, 76, 75, 271, 82, 3, 47, 70, and 200.
Х

TUESDAY, NOVEMBER 15, 1949
74
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: Mr. Chief Justice Vinson, Mr. Justice Black, Mr. Justice
Reed, Mr. Justice Frankfurter, Mr. Justice Jackson, Mr. Justice
Burton, Mr. Justice Clark, and Mr. Justice Minton.
Frederick G. Umhau, of Washington, D. C.; Thomas J. Wood, of
Louisville, Ky.; Samuel F. Grandon, of Detroit, Mich.; Henry P.
Molloy, Jr., of Brooklyn, N. Y.; and Ricardo J. Hecht, of San Fran-
cisco, Calif., were admitted to practice.
No. 22. The United States of America, appellant, v. Yellow Cab
Company, Chicago Yellow Cab Company, Inc., et al. Argument con-
cluded by Mr. Jesse Climenko for the appellees.
No. 77. George W. Solesbee. appellant, 2. R. P. Balkcom, Jr.,
Warden of the State Penitentiary. Tattnall, Georgia. Argued by Mr.
Benjamin E. Pierce for the appellant and case submitted by Mr.
Eugene Cook for the appellee.
No. 76. Travelers Health Association and R. E. Pratt, as Treasurer
Thereof, and In His Personal Capacity, appellants, v. Commonwealth
of Virginia, at the Relation of State Corporation Commission. Ar-
gued by Mr. Moses G. Hubbard, Jr., for the appellants and by Mr.
Walter E. Rogers for the appellee.
No. 75. Wilmette Park District, petitioner. v. Nigel D. Campbell,
Collector of Internal Revenue. Argument commenced by Mr. Henry
J. Brandt for the petitioner.
Adjourned until tomorrow at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Wednesday, November 16, will be as follows: Nos.
75, 271, 82, 3, 47, 70, 200, and 126.
☑
850087-49-22

WEDNESDAY, NOVEMBER 16, 1949
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
75
Present: Mr. Chief Justice Vinson, Mr. Justice Black, Mr. Justice
Reed, Mr. Justice Frankfurter, Mr. Justice Jackson, Mr. Justice Bur-
ton, Mr. Justice Clark, and Mr. Justice Minton.
Eugene H. Nickerson, of New York City; Robert A. Brooks, of
Washington, D. C.; and George G. Shiya, of New York City, were ad-
mitted to practice.
No. 75. Wilmette Park District, petitioner, v. Nigel D. Campbell,
Collector of Internal Revenue. Argument continued by Mr. Lee A.
Jackson for the respondent and concluded by Mr. Henry J. Brandt
for the petitioner.
No. 271. Alcoa Steamship Company, Inc., petitioner, v. The
United States of America. Argued by Mr. Melville J. France for the
petitioner and by Mr. Samuel D. Slade for the respondent.
No. 82. The United States of America, ex rel. Otto A. Willumeit,
petitioner, v. Edward J. Shaughnessy, Acting District Director, Immi-
gration and Naturalization Service. Argued by Mr. Eugene H. Nicker-
son for the petitioner and by Mr. Harold D. Cohen for the respondent.
No. 3. The United States of America, ex rel. Richard Eichenlaub,
petitioner, v. Edward J. Shaughnessy, Acting District Director of Im-
migration and Naturalization of the United States for the District of
New York, etc. Argument commenced by Mr. George G. Shiya for
the petitioner.
Adjourned until tomorrow at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Thursday, November 17, will be as follows: Nos. 3,
47, 70, 200, and 126.
850087-49--23

THURSDAY, NOVEMBER 17, 1949
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
76
Present: Mr. Chief Justice Vinson, Mr. Justice Black, Mr. Justice
Reed, Mr. Justice Frankfurter, Mr. Justice Jackson, Mr. Justice Bur-
ton, Mr. Justice Clark, and Mr. Justice Minton.
Fred E. Hewitt, of Cleveland, Ohio; William J. Nolan, Jr., of New
York City; Allan R. Browne, of Kansas City, Mo.; Roger J. White-
ford, of Washington, D. C.; and John J. Cooke, of Brooklyn, N. Y.,
were admitted to practice.
No. 3. The United States of America, ex rel. Richard Eichenlaub,
petitioner, v. Edward J. Shaughnessy, Acting District Director of
Immigration and Naturalization of the United States for the District
of New York, etc. Argument continued by Mr. George G. Shiya for
the petitioner; by Mr. Harold D. Cohen for the respondent, and con-
cluded by Mr. George G. Shiya for the petitioner.
No. 47. Colgate-Palmolive-Peet Company, petitioner, v. The Na-
tional Labor Relations Board et al. Argued by Mr. Ricardo J. Hecht
for the petitioner and by Miss Ruth Weyand for the respondents.
No. 70. John E. Manning, as Collector of Internal Revenue for
the Fifth District of New York, petitioner, v. Seeley Tube and Box
Company, a Corporation of the State of New Jersey. Argument com-
menced by Mr. Solicitor General Perlman for the petitioner.
Adjourned until tomorrow at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Friday, November 18, will be as follows: Nos. 70,
200, and 126.
850087-49-24

FRIDAY, NOVEMBER 18, 1949
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
77
Present: Mr. Chief Justice Vinson, Mr. Justice Black, Mr. Justice
Reed, Mr. Justice Frankfurter, Mr. Justice Jackson, Mr. Justice
Burton, Mr. Justice Clark, and Mr. Justice Minton.
Edgar M. Church, Jr., of New York City; Homer Glenn Angelo, of
San Francisco, Calif.; Charles Lewis, of New York City; Howard
Newcomb Morse, of Augusta, Ga.; and Mandell Bernstein, of Detroit,
Mich., were admitted to practice.
No. 452. Jeremiah McCarthy, petitioner, v. American Eastern Cor-
poration. Time within which to file respondent's brief extended to
and including December 15, next, on motion of counsel for the
respondent.
No. 70. John E. Manning, as Collector of Internal Revenue for the
Fifth District of New York, petitioner, v. Seeley Tube and Box Com-
pany, a Corporation of the State of New Jersey. Argument con-
tinued by Mr. George G. Taylor and Mr. Walter J. Bilder for the
respondent and concluded by Mr. Solicitor General Perlman for the
petitioner.
No. 200. Floyd G. Affolder, petitioner, v. New York, Chicago and
St. Louis Railroad Company. Argued by Mr. William H. Allen for
the petitioner and by Mr. Lon Hocker for the respondent.
No. 126. Commissioner of Internal Revenue, petitioner, v. Phila-
delphia Transportation Company. Aruged by Mr. Arnold Raum
for the petitioner and by Mr. William R. Spofford for the respondent.
Adjourned until Monday, November 21, next, at 12 o'clock.
☑
850087-49-25

MONDAY, NOVEMBER 21, 1949
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
78
Present: Mr. Chief Justice Vinson, Mr. Justice Black, Mr. Justice
Frankfurter, Mr. Justice Jackson, Mr. Justice Burton, Mr. Justice
Clark, and Mr. Justice Minton.
Aída Martínez, of San Juan, P. R.; Bertram Robert Beers, of Chi-
cago, Ill.; Joseph L. Sharon, of Summit, N. J.; Edward Terner, of
West Orange, N. J.; J. Reginald C. Miller, of Omaha, Nebr.; James N.
Ravlin, of New York City; Alvin L. Newmyer, Jr., of Washington,
D. C.; Jack R. Miller, of Sioux City, Iowa; Conrad T. Bjornlie, of
Great Falls, Mont.; and Samuel M. Blinken, of New York City, were
admitted to practice.
No. 55. Manufacturers Trust Company, as Trustee Under an In-
denture Made By The Debtor Under Date of September 27, 1933, and
Individually, petitioner, v. Regine Becker et al. On writ of certiorari
to the United States Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit. Judg-
ment affirmed with costs and case remanded to the United States
District Court for the Southern District of New York. Opinion by
Mr. Justice Clark. Dissenting opinion by Mr. Justice Burton in which
Mr. Justice Black joins. Mr. Justice Douglas took no part in the
consideration or decision of this case.
No. 43. Richard J. Brown, petitioner, v. Western Railway of Ala-
bama. On writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals of the State of
Georgia. Judgment reversed with costs and case remanded to said
Court of Appeals for further proceedings not inconsistent with the
opinion of this Court. Opinion by Mr. Justice Black. Dissenting
opinion by Mr. Justice Frankfurter in which Mr. Justice Jackson
joins. Mr. Justice Douglas took no part in the consideration or deci-
sion of this case.
No. 53. Lawrence C. Kingsland, Commissioner of Patents, peti-
tioner, v. Vernon M. Dorsey. On writ of certiorari to the United
States Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia Circuit. Judg-
ment of Court of Appeals reversed and that of the District Court
affirmed and case remanded to the United States District Court for
the District of Columbia. Opinion per curiam announced by Mr.
Chief Justice Vinson. Dissenting opinion by Mr. Justice Jackson in
which Mr. Justice Frankfurter joins. Mr. Justice Douglas took no
part in the consideration or decision of this case.
850087-49-26

MONDAY, NOVEMBER 21, 1949
79
The Chief Justice announced the following orders of the Court:
No. 255, October Term, 1948. Gerhart Eisler, petitioner, v. The
United States of America. On writ of certiorari to the Court of Ap-
peals for the District of Columbia Circuit. Per curiam: The motion
to dismiss is granted and the writ of certiorari is dismissed. Mr.
Justice Douglas and Mr. Justice Clark took no part in the considera-
tion or decision of this case.
No. 126. Commissioner of Internal Revenue, petitioner, v. Phila-
delphia Transportation Company. On writ of certiorari to the Court
of Appeals for the Third Circuit. Per curiam: The judgment is
affirmed. Mr. Justice Burton dissents. Mr. Justice Douglas took no
part in the consideration or decision of this case.
The Chief Justice said:
"The other orders of the Court appear upon the list certified by the
Chief Justice and filed with the Clerk and will not be announced
orally."
-
No. In the Matter of Abraham Albert Minton. The motion to
amend the attorney roll to show a change of name of Abraham
Mitnovetz to Abraham Albert Minton is granted. Mr. Justice Doug-
las took no part in the consideration or decision of this application.
No. In the Matter of Frank Ronald Picone. The motion to
amend the attorney roll to show a change of name of Falco R. Picone
to Frank Ronald Picone is granted. Mr. Justice Douglas took no part
in the consideration or decision of this application.
No. 11, Original. The United States of America, plaintiff, v. The
State of California. Each of the parties is directed to advance
to the Special Master the sum of $3,134.82, being one-half the sum of
$1,269.64, his approved expenses, plus one-half of $5,000, allowed him
on account of services. Mr. Justice Douglas, Mr. Justice Jackson, and
Mr. Justice Clark took no part in the consideration or decision of this
question.
No. 3. The United States of America, ex rel. Richard Eichenlaub,
petitioner, v. Edward J. Shaughnessy, Acting District Director of Im-
migration and Naturalization of the United States for the District of
New York, etc. The motion to withdraw the appearance of Charles
Edwin Wallington as counsel for the petitioner is granted. Mr. Jus-
tice Douglas took no part in the consideration or decision of this
application.
No. 40. The United States of America and Interstate Commerce
Commission, appellants, v. The Capital Transit Company et al. The
motion for the issuance of the mandate forthwith is denied. Mr. Jus-

MONDAY, NOVEMBER 21, 1949
80
tice Douglas took no part in the consideration or decision of this
application.
No. 103. Estate of Gilliat G. Schroeder, Deceased, Louisa R.
Schroeder and Helen S. Croll, Executors, petitioners, v. Commissioner
of Internal Revenue. On consideration of the motion of the peti
tioners for a clarification of the order of October 10, the order is
amended to read as follows: "Per curiam: The petition for writ of
certiorari is granted. The judgment of the Court of Appeals is
vacated and the case is remanded to that court for further considera-
tion in the light of T. D. 5741, 14 Fed. Reg. 5536; the Technical
Changes Act of October 25, 1949; and, Commissioner v. Estate of
Church, 335 U. S. 632, and Estate of Spiegel v. Commissioner, 335
U. S. 701." Mr. Justice Douglas took no part in the consideration or
decision of this application.
No. 428. The United States of America, appellant, v. National
Association of Real Estate Boards, Washington Real Estate Board,
et al. In this case probable jurisdiction is noted. Mr. Justice Doug-
las and Mr. Justice Clark took no part in the consideration or decision
of this question.
No. 293. The United States of America, petitioner, v. Albert J.
Rabinowitz. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals
for the Second Circuit granted. Mr. Justice Douglas took no part in
the consideration or decision of this application.
No. 229. Capital Airlines, Inc., petitioner, v. Richard I. Edwards
and James A. Young; and
No. 371. Richard I. Edwards and James A. Young, petitioners, v.
Capital Airlines, Inc. Petitions for writs of certiorari to the Court
of Appeals for the District of Columbia Circuit denied.
No. 361. Thomas Wilson, Millie A. Sowell and W. C. Caneer,
petitioners, v. State ex rel. W. D. McGee, Treasurer and Ex-Officio Col-
lector of Dunklin County, Missouri, et al. On petition for writ of
certiorari to the Supreme Court of Missouri;
No. 367. Claude Porter, petitioner, v. Dick Jones. On petition
for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals for the Tenth Circuit;
No. 372. The United States of America, petitioner, v. The City of
New York. On petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals
for the Second Circuit;
No. 387. Dorothy Casey, as Administratrix of the Estate of James
J. Casey, Deceased, petitioner, v. American Export Lines, Inc. On
petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals for the Second
Circuit ; and
No. 411. Cauldwell-Wingate Company, Inc., Poirier and McLane
Corporation, et al., petitioners, v. Mary E. Person, as Administratrix
of the Goods, Chattels, and Credits of William S. Person, Deceased.

MONDAY, NOVEMBER 21, 1949
81
On petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals for the
Second Circuit. The petitions for writs of certiorari in these cases are
severally denied. Mr. Justice Douglas took no part in the considera-
tion or decision of these applications.
No. 354. Ben Sugerman, petitioner, v. People of the State of Cali-
fornia. The motion to dispense with the printing of the record is
granted. Petition for writ of certiorari to the District Court of Ap-
peals, 3rd Appellate District, State of California, denied. Mr. Justice
Douglas took no part in the consideration or decision of these appli-
cations.
No. 355. Ben Sugerman, petitioner, v. People of the State of Cali-
fornia. The motion to dispense with the printing of the record is
granted. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of
California denied. Mr. Justice Douglas took no part in the considera-
tion or decision of these applications.
No. 362. Albert J. Rabinowitz, petitioner, v. The United States of
America. The petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals
for the Second Circuit is denied for the reason that application there-
for was not made within the time provided by law. Rule 37 (b) (2)
of the Rules of Criminal Procedure. Mr. Justice Douglas took no
part in the consideration or decision of this application.
No. 244. Securities and Exchange Commission, Edmond M. Han-
rahan, et al., petitioners, v. Otis and Co.;
No. 284. Louis Bernard Lapides, petitioner, v. J. Howard Mc-
Grath, Attorney General, and Watson B. Miller, Commissioner of Im-
migration and Naturalization Service;
No. 319. William W. Price, appellant, v. State of Mississippi;
No. 57, Misc. Ray H. Simmons, petitioner, v. Commonwealth of
Pennsylvania;
No. 155, Misc. Everett Rheim, petitioner, v. John F. Foster,
Warden; and
No. 156, Misc. Herman Barmore, petitioner, v. John F. Foster,
Warden. The petitions for rehearing in these cases are severally
denied. Mr. Justice Douglas took no part in the consideration or deci-
sion of these applications.
No. 788, October Term, 1948. Estella Latta, Jones M. Griffin and
Alvin Chambers, petitioners, v. Western Investment Company et al.
The motion for leave to file petition for rehearing is denied. Mr. Jus-
tice Douglas took no part in the consideration or decision of this
application.
No. 105, Misc. William Lester Keith, petitioner, v. W. C. Miller,
Warden. On petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of
Wyoming;

MONDAY, NOVEMBER 21, 1949
82
No. 181, Misc. James Caldwell, petitioner, v. Joseph E. Ragen,
Warden. On petition for writ of certiorari to the Criminal Court of
Cook County, State of Illinois;
No. 184, Misc. Joseph W. Paugh, petitioner, v. Julian N. Frisbie,
Warden. On petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court
of Michigan;
No. 198, Misc. Scott W. Lantz, petitioner, v. W. C. Miller, Warden.
On petition for writ of certiorari to the District Court of Rawlins
County, State of Wyoming;
No. 199, Misc. Lionel J. Donovan, petitioner, v. State of New
Hampshire. On petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court
of New Hampshire;
No. 200, Misc. John Edwin Byers, petitioner, v. Cities Service Gas
Company. On petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals
for the Tenth Circuit;
No. 203, Misc. Everett C. Lyle, petitioner, v. Ralph N. Eidson,
Warden. On petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of
Missouri;
No. 205, Misc. Dexter C. Dayton, petitioner, v. Walter A. Hunter,
Warden. On petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals
for the Tenth Circuit;
No. 206, Misc. Berlin Spence, petitioner, v. State of Indiana, et al.
On petition for writ of certiorari to the Criminal Court of Cook
County, State of Illinois;
No. 208, Misc. Francis Monaghan, petitioner, v. C. J. Burke,
Warden. On petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of
Pennsylvania; and
No. 211, Misc. E. R. Jackson, petitioner, v. C. P. Burford, Warden.
On petition for writ of certiorari to the Criminal Court of Appeals of
Oklahoma. The petitions for writs of certiorari in these cases are sev-
erally denied. Mr. Justice Douglas took no part in the consideration
or decision of these applications.
No. 201, Misc. Cleio Hull, petitioner, v. Julian N. Frisbie, Warden;
No. 212, Misc. Edward Morgan MacKenna, petitioner, v. William
E. Snyder, Warden;
No. 213, Misc. Wellington Lancour, petitioner, v. State of Michi-
gan;
No. 214, Misc. Norman T. Heicht, petitioner, v. State of Maryland;
and
No. 215, Misc. Wallace James Cruse, petitioner, v. Joseph E. Ragen,
Warden. The motions for leave to file petitions for writs of habeas
corpus in these cases are severally denied. Mr. Justice Douglas took
no part in the consideration or decision of these applications.

MONDAY, NOVEMBER 21, 1949
83
No. 188, Misc. In the Matter of Ernst Buerger, petitioner. The
application is denied. Mr. Justice Douglas and Mr. Justice Jackson
took no part in the consideration or decision of this application.
Adjourned until Monday, December 5, next, at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Monday, December 5, will be as follows: Nos. 51,
118, 54, 97, 150, 154, 119, 334, 96 (58 and 79), and 83.

MONDAY, DECEMBER 5, 1949
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
84
Present: Mr. Chief Justice Vinson, Mr. Justice Black, Mr. Justice
Reed, Mr. Justice Frankfurter, Mr. Justice Jackson, Mr. Justice Bur-
ton, Mr. Justice Clark, and Mr. Justice Minton.
Emmet A. Blaes, of Wichita, Kans.; Marmaduke Hardeman Black-
shear, of Atlanta, Ga.; Mayer Goldberg, of Chicago, Ill.; George S.
Stansell, of Chicago, Ill.; Joseph Avis, of Kingston, N. Y.; Harrison
L. Winter, of Baltimore, Md.; Ward B. Coe, Jr., of Baltimore, Md.;
W. Harold Flowers, of Pine Bluff, Ark.; Samuel Y. Rossiter, of Erie,
Pa.; William Zeff, of Modesto, Calif.; John T. Wiley, Jr., of St. Louis,
Mo.; Harry H. Craig, of St. Louis, Mo.; Carlos J. Badger, of Modesto,
Calif.; Thomas A. Farrell, of Washington, D. C.; Eugene Gerald
Lamboley, of Washington, D. C.; Harold Jordan, of St. Paul, Minn.;
David Wuntch, of Austin, Tex.; Volley J. Bodovitz, of Oklahoma
City, Okla.; Howard Merrill Packard, of Racine, Wis.; Frank A.
Bartimo, of Washington, D. C.; and Clarence M. Beck, of Salt Lake
City, Utah, were admitted to practice.
No. 47. Colgate-Palmolive-Peet Company, petitioner, v. The Na-
tional Labor Relations Board et al. On writ of certiorari to the
United States Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit. Judgment
reversed and case remanded to the Court of Appeals with directions
to remand to the National Labor Relations Board with directions to
dismiss the complaint. Opinion by Mr. Justice Minton. Dissent-
ing: Mr. Justice Reed and Mr. Justice Burton. Mr. Justice Douglas
took no part in the consideration or decision of this case.
No. 22. The United States of America, appellant, v. Yellow Cab
Company, Chicago Yellow Cab Company, Inc., et al. Appeal from
the United States District Court for the Northern District of Illinois.
Judgment affirmed. Opinion by Mr. Justice Jackson. Dissenting
opinion by Mr. Justice Black in which Mr. Justice Reed concurs.
Mr. Justice Douglas and Mr. Justice Clark took no part in the con-
sideration or decision of this case.
No. 62. Roy Cole and Louis Jones, petitioners, v. State of Arkansas.
On writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of the State of Arkansas.
Judgment affirmed with costs. Opinion by Mr. Justice Jackson. Mr.
850087-49- -27

MONDAY, DECEMBER 5, 1949
85
Justice Douglas took no part in the consideration or decision of this
case.
No. 49. Helen Parker, Ione Lane Wheeler, Katherine Gates, et al.,
petitioners, v. County of Los Angeles, et al.; and
No. 50. Julia Learner Steiner, petitioner, v. County of Los An-
geles, et al. On writs of certiorari to the District Court of Appeal,
Second Appellate District, State of California. Writs of certiorari
dismissed with costs. Opinion by Mr. Justice Frankfurter. Mr.
Justice Douglas took no part in the consideration or decision of these
cases.
The Chief Justice said:
"The orders of the Court appear upon the list certified by the Chief
Justice and filed with the Clerk and will not be announced orally."
No. 12, Original. The United States of America, plaintiff, v. The
State of Louisiana; and
No. 13, Original. The United States of America, plaintiff, v. The
State of Texas. These cases are set for hearing on the Motions for
Judgment and are assigned for argument on Monday, February 6,
next. Mr. Justice Douglas, Mr. Justice Jackson, and Mr. Justice
Clark took no part in the consideration or decision of this question.
No. 98. The United States of America, petitioner, v. Ernestina G.
Fleischman; and
No. 99. The United States of America, petitioner, v. Helen R.
Bryan. The application for adjournment of oral argument is denied.
Mr. Justice Clark took no part in the consideration or decision of
this application.
No. 217. The United States of America, petitioner, v. Alexander
Lawrence Alpers. The motion of respondent for leave to proceed in
forma pauperis is granted.
No. 402. Joseph Dorsey, Monroe Dowling, and Calvin Harper, peti-
tioners, v. Stuyvesant Town Corporation and Metropolitan Life In-
surance Company. The motions for leave to file briefs of American
Veterans Committee, Inc.; Board of Home Missions of the Congre-
gational and Christian Churches et al.; Community Service Organi-
zation of Greater Los Angeles; and New York Chapter of National
Lawyers Guild as amici curiae are denied. Rule 27, par. 9, as amended
November 14, 1949.
No. 454. Georgia Railroad and Banking Company, appellant, v.
Charles D. Redwine, State Revenue Commissioner. In this case prob-
able jurisdiction is noted and the case is transferred to the summary
docket.

MONDAY, DECEMBER 5, 1949
86
No. 359. William H. Hiatt, Warden, United States Penitentiary,
Atlanta, Georgia, petitioner, v. Eugene Preston Brown. Petition for
writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit granted
and case transferred to the summary docket.
No. 384. Commissioner of Internal Revenue, petitioner, v. Chris-
tian W. Korell. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals
for the Second Circuit granted and case transferred to the summary
docket.
No. 403. Rudolf Reider, petitioner, v. Guy A. Thompson, Trustee,
Missouri Pacific Railroad Company, Debtor. Petition for writ of
certiorari to the Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit granted and
case transferred to the summary docket.
No. 373. Martin Ludwig Cohnstaedt, petitioner, v. Immigration
and Naturalization Service of the United States Department of Justice.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Kansas
granted. Mr. Justice Clark took no part in the consideration or de-
cision of this application.
No. 391. Marion J. Slocum, as General Chairman, Lackawanna
Division No. 30 of the Order of Railroad Telegraphers, petitioner, v.
The Delaware, Lackawanna and Western Railroad Company. Peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals of New York
granted.
No. 335. Edgar B. Whitcomb, Anna S. Whitcomb, and Henry J.
Helmers, Jr., petitioners, v. Earl L. Clark, Drain Commissioner of
Oakland County, State Land Office Board, et al. Petition for writ of
certiorari to the Supreme Court of Michigan denied.
No. 350. The United States of America, petitioner, v. John Donald
Walker. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals
for the Second Circuit denied.
No. 383. Gilson Brothers, a Corporation, petitioner, v. Wisconsin
Employment Relations Board. Petition for writ of certiorari to
the Supreme Court of Wisconsin denied.
No. 385. District of Columbia, petitioner, v. Hamilton National
Bank of Washington. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court
of Appeals for the District of Columbia Circuit denied.
No. 401. District of Columbia, petitioner, v. Bank of Commerce
and Savings, the Security Savings and Commercial Bank et al. Peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals for the District
of Columbia Circuit denied.
No. 390. Wade Kitchens, petitioner, v. Mrs. Mary Bird et al. Peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Arkansas denied.

MONDAY, DECEMBER 5, 1949
87
No. 404. Endicott Johnson Corporation, petitioner, v. Lionel Lane,
as President of Endicott Leather Workers' Union, Local 285, etc.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of New York,
Broome County, denied.
No. 405. Emil Placek and Bank of Prague, Nebraska, a Corpora-
tion, petitioner, v. M. D. Edstrom, as County Attorney of Saunders
County, Nebraska. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme
Court of Nebraska denied.
No. 409. The Midland Steel Products Company, petitioner, v.
Clark Equipment Company. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
Court of Appeals for the Sixth Circuit denied.
وو
No. 414. Linwood L. Bradshaw, Owner and Master of the Motor
Vessel "Nettie B. Greenwell,” etc., petitioner, v. Steamer "Virginia,'
Its Engines, Boilers, Tackle, etc., et al. Petition for writ of certiorari
to the Court of Appeals for the Fourth Circuit denied.
No. 420. Frank N. Steigleder, petitioner, v. Eberhard Faber Pencil
Company et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals
for the First Circuit denied.
No. 368. Louis H. Rosenblum, petitioner, v. The United States of
America;
No. 369. Max Stryk, petitioner, v. The United States of America;
and
No. 370. Jacob Weiss, petitioner, v. The United States of America.
The petition for writs of certiorari to the Court of Appeals for the
Seventh Circuit is denied. Mr. Justice Minton took no part in the
consideration or decision of this application.
No. 382. Irvine F. Belser, petitioner, v. Commissioner of Internal
Revenue. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals for
the Fourth Circuit denied. Mr. Justice Black took no part in the
consideration or decision of this application.
No. 392. Charles L. Harney Construction Company (Formerly
Palm Springs Holding Corporation), petitioner, v. Major General
Philip B. Fleming, Individually and as Administrator, Federal Works
Agency, et al. The motion to substitute Jess Larson, Administrator
of General Services, as the party respondent is granted. Petition for
writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia
Circuit denied.
No. 400. Fifth and Walnut, Incorporated, and Albert J. Hoffman,
petitioners, v. Loew's Incorporated, Marcus Loew Booking Agency,
Inc., RKO Radio Pictures, Inc., et al. Petition for writ of certiorari
to the Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit denied. Mr. Justice
Clark took no part in the consideration or decision of this application.

MONDAY, DECEMBER 5, 1949
88
No. 415. Cesare Pietro Buzzi, petitioner, v. Jane Grasselli Buzzi.
The motion to dispense with printing the record is granted. Petition
for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of California denied.
No. 365. Eleptheoris Kofouros et al., petitioners, v. Theodor Gian-
noutsos, as Master, et al. The motion to dispense with printing the
petition and record is granted. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
Court of Appeals for the Fourth Circuit denied.
No. 388. Nicholas Korthinos et al., petitioners, v. S. S. Niarchos,
as Owner, Michael Piliaros, his Agent, etc.; and
No. 407. S. S. Niarchos, as Owner, Michael Piliaros, his Agent,
etc., et al., petitioners, v. Nicholas Korthinos et al. The motion in
No. 388 to dispense with printing the petition and record is granted.
Petitions for writs of certiorari to the Court of Appeals for the
Fourth Circuit are denied.
No. 389. Petros Maleuris et al., petitioners, v. Anthony G. Papa-
dakis, as Owner, Michael Piliaros, his Agent, etc.; and
No. 408. Anthony G. Papadakis, as Owner, Michael Piliaros, his
Agent, et al., etc., petitioners, v. Petros Maleuris et al. The motion in
No. 389 to dispense with printing the petition and record is granted.
Petitions for writs of certiorari to the Court of Appeals for the
Fourth Circuit are denied.
No. 19. Todd C. Faulkner, petitioner, v. John T. Gibbs;
No. 139. Mario Mercado E Hijos, petitioner, v. Charles F. Bran-
nan, Secretary of Agriculture;
No. 170. Park-In Theatres, Inc., petitioner, v. Loew's Drive-In
Theatres, Inc.;
No. 263. Joseph F. Bent and William Amos Jones, petitioners, v.
The United States of America;
No. 310. Central Electric and Gas Company, petitioner, v. C. Rus-
sell Mattson, Administrator of the Estate of William Brehm, De-
ceased, et al.;
No. 311. Vincent Anthony Sorrentino, petitioner, v. The United
States of America;
No. 332. Charles L. Dye, Warden of the Allegheny County Jail,
petitioner, v. Leon Johnson, Alias Robert McMillan ;
No. 342. Sheldon C. Vinsonhaler et al., a Partnership, d/b/a KGHI
Broadcasting Service et al., appellants, v. Roy Beard, Collector for the
City of Little Rock, Arkansas;
No. 5, Misc. Salvatore Tanuzzo and Nunze Dellaratta, petitioners, v.
The United States of America;
No. 59, Misc. Carl Edelson, petitioner, v. E. E. Thompson, Warden;

MONDAY, DECEMBER 5, 1949
89
No. 81, Misc. Mollie Eagle, petitioner, v. Benjamin Cherney and
Samuel H. Berger; and
No. 174, Misc. Robert G. Schuman, petitioner, v. Robert A. Heinze,
Warden. The petitions for rehearing in these cases are severally
denied.
No. 79, Misc. Carroll J. Chambers, petitioner, v. The United States.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals for the Fifth
and Eighth Circuit denied.
No. 108, Misc. Grace W. Adkins, petitioner, v. E. I. Du Pont De
Nemours and Co., Inc., and the United States. Petition for writ of
certiorari to the Court of Appeals for the Tenth Circuit denied.
No. 110, Misc. John Dunlap, petitioner, v. Allen B. Hanney, United
States District Judge. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of
Appeals for the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 150, Misc. George Rodinciuc, petitioner, v. The United States
of America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals
for the Third Circuit denied.
No. 171, Misc. John B. Barker, petitioner, v. Paul C. Sharp et al.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Minnesota
denied.
No. 210, Misc. Jesse Murphey and Albert Nixon, petitioners, v.
People of the State of California. Petition for writ of certiorari to
the Supreme Court of California denied.
No. 218, Misc. Michael Juliane, petitioner, v. State of New York.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of New York
denied.
No. 220, Misc. Joseph Beyers, petitioner, v. Joseph E. Ragen,
Warden. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of
Illinois denied.
No. 229, Misc. Anna M. Phyle, on Behalf of William Jerome Phyle,
petitioner, v. Clinton T. Duffy, Warden. Petition for writ of certi-
orari to the Supreme Court of California denied.
No. 185, Misc. Erville Brewer, petitioner, v. J. N. Frisbie, Warden;
and
No. 216, Misc. Mary A. Ruthven, petitioner, v. Dr. Winfred Over-
holser. The motions for leave to file petitions for writs of habeas
corpus are denied.
No. 209, Misc. New Jersey State Society of Naturopaths et al., peti-
tioners, v. Hon. Phillip Forman, Judge. The motion for leave to
file petition for writ of mandamus is denied.

MONDAY, DECEMBER 5, 1949
90
No. 225, Misc. The United States of America, petitioner, v. United
States District Court for the Western District of Texas, etc., et al.
The motion for leave to file petition for writ of mandamus is denied.
Mr. Justice Clark took no part in the consideration or decision of this
application.
Mr. Justice Douglas took no part in the consideration or decision of
the cases in which orders are this day announced.
No. 51. Pete Darr, petitioner, v. C. P. Burford, Warden, Oklahoma
State Penitentiary. Submitted by Mr. John B. Ogden for the peti-
tioner and by Mr. Mac Q. Williamson and Mr. Sam H. Lattimore for
the respondent.
No. 118. Capitol Greyhound Lines, Pennsylvania Greyhound
Lines, Inc., and Red Star Motor Coaches, Inc., appellants, v. Arthur
H. Brice, Commissioner of Motor Vehicles, State of Maryland, Balti-
more, Maryland. Argued by Mr. Clarence W. Miles for the appellants
and by Mr. Hall Hammond for the appellee.
No. 150. Albert G. Dickinson, petitioner, v. Petroleum Conversion
Corporation. Argued by Mr. Alexander Kahan for the respondent
and submitted by Mr. Solomon Kaufman and Mr. Samuel Hershen-
stein for the petitioner.
No. 54. The United States of America, ex rel. Ellen Knauff, peti-
tioner, v. Edward J. Shaughnessey, Acting District Director of Im-
migration and Naturalization. Argument commenced by Mr. Gunther
Jacobson for the petitioner and continued by Mr. Philip R. Monohan
for the respondent.
Adjourned until tomorrow, at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Tuesday, December 6, will be as follows: Nos. 54,
97, 154, 119, 334, 96 (58 and 79), 83, 221, 214, and 157 (158 and
159).

TUESDAY, DECEMBER 6, 1949
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
91
Present: Mr. Chief Justice Vinson, Mr. Justice Black, Mr. Justice.
Reed, Mr. Justice Frankfurter, Mr. Justice Jackson, Mr. Justice
Burton, Mr. Justice Clark, and Mr. Justice Minton.
Vernon F. Gant, of Modesto, Calif.; Wayne W. Owen, of Little Rock,
Ark.; and Gerland P. Patten, of Little Rock, Ark., were admitted to
practice.
No. 54. The United States of America, ex rel. Ellen Knauff, peti-
tioner, v. Edward J. Shaughnessey, Acting District Director of Immi-
gration and Naturalization. Argument continued by Mr. Philip R.
Monohan for the respondent and concluded by Mr. Gunther Jacobson
for the petitioner.
No. 97. The United States, petitioner, v. Jeff W. Moorman and
James C. Moorman, Co-Partners, Doing Business as J. W. Moorman
and Son. Argued by Mr. Morton Liftin for the petitioner and by
Mr. V. J. Bodovitz for the respondents.
No. 154. Wong Yang Sung, petitioner, v. J. Howard McGrath,
Attorney General of the United States, et al. Argued by Mr. Irving
Jaffe for the petitioner and by Mr. Robert W. Ginnane for the re-
spondents.
No. 119. Louise M. Wissner and Leondous H. Wissner, appel-
lants, v. Margaret Wissner. Argument commenced by Mr. Carlos J.
Badger for the appellants.
Adjourned until tomorrow at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Wednesday, December 7, will be as follows: Nos.
119, 334, 96 (58 and 79), 83, 221, 214, 157 (158 and 159), 147,
178, and 171 (and 188).
☑
850087-49- -28

WEDNESDAY, DECEMBER 7, 1949
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
92
Present: Mr. Chief Justice Vinson, Mr. Justice Black, Mr. Justice
Reed, Mr. Justice Frankfurter, Mr. Justice Jackson, Mr. Justice Bur-
ton, Mr. Justice Clark, and Mr. Justice Minton.
Herbert N. Maletz, of Washington, D. C.; Cornelius W. Grafton,
of Louisville, Ky.; George F. Hetfield, of Plainfield, N. J.; Robert
Roe Canfield, of Rockford, Ill.; Morton S. Jaffe, of Philadelphia,
Pa.; Thomas E. Delahunt, of Buffalo, N. Y.; and Thomas Broughton
Branch, Jr., of Atlanta, Ga., were admitted to practice.
No. 119. Louise M. Wissner and Leondous H. Wissner, appellants,
v. Margaret Wissner. Argument continued by Mr. Carlos J. Badger
for the appellants; by Mr. Morton Hollander for The United States,
as amicus curiae, by special leave of Court; by Mr. Leslie A. Cleary
for the appellee; and concluded by Mr. Carlos J. Badger for the
appellants.
No. 334. The United States of America, appellant, v. Shoreline
Cooperative Apartments, Inc., a Corporation, et al. Argued by Mr.
Solicitor General Perlman for the appellant and by Mr. Mayer Gold-
berg and Mr. George S. Stansell for the appellees.
Adjourned until tomorrow at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Thursday, December 8, will be as follows: Nos. 96
(58 and 79), 83, 221, 214, 157 (158 and 159), 147, 178, 171 (and
188), 217, and 273 (and 274).
☑
850087-49-20

THURSDAY, DECEMBER 8, 1949
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
93
Present: Mr. Chief Justice Vinson, Mr. Justice Black, Mr. Justice
Reed, Mr. Justice Frankfurter, Mr. Justice Jackson, Mr. Justice
Burton, Mr. Justice Clark, and Mr. Justice Minton.
William J. Millard, Jr., of Olympia, Wash.; John C. Bryan, of
Washington, D. C.; J. W. Brown, of Cincinnati, Ohio; George L.
Sneed, of Bartlesville, Okla.; John E. Bergener, of Washington, D. C.;
Sigfrid E. Floren, of Oklahoma City, Okla.; and Aida Casanas
Marengo, of Rio Piedras, P. R., were admitted to practice.
No. 263, Misc. In the matter of Admiral Dewey Adamson, peti-
tioner. Application for a stay of execution of the sentence of death
denied. Mr. Justice Black is of the opinion the application should
be granted.
No. 96. R. M. Powell et al., petitioners, v. The United States
Cartridge Company;
No. 58. Roy Creel et al., petitioners, v. Lone Star Defense Corpora-
tion; and
No. 79. Julia Rhoda Aaron, etc., et al., petitioners, v. Ford, Bacon
and Davis, Incorporated. Argument commenced by Mr. Thomas
Bond for the petitioners in No. 96; continued by Miss Bessie Margolin
for The United States, as amicus curiae, by special leave of Court;
by Mr. June P. Wooten for the petitioners in No. 79; by Mr. William
L. Marbury for the respondents; by Mr. Robert H. McRoberts for the
respondent in No. 96; and by Mr. Otto Atchley for the respondent in
No. 58.
Adjourned until tomorrow at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Friday, December 9, will be as follows: Nos. 96
(58 and 79), 83, 221, 214, 157 (158 and 159), 147, 178, 171 (and
188), 217, and 273 (and 274).
☑
850087-49-30

FRIDAY, DECEMBER 9, 1949
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
94
Present: Mr. Chief Justice Vinson, Mr. Justice Black, Mr. Justice
Reed, Mr. Justice Frankfurter, Mr. Justice Jackson, Mr. Justice
Burton, Mr. Justice Clark, and Mr. Justice Minton.
Hawley C. Kerr, of Tulsa, Okla.; J. Howard Decker, of Los Angeles,
Calif.; Gerald F. Krassa, of New York City; and Everett H. Roan,
of San Francisco, Calif., were admitted to practice.
No. 96. R. M. Powell et al., petitioners, v. The United States Car-
tridge Company;
No. 58. Roy Creel et al., petitioners, v. Lone Star Defense Corpo-
ration; and
No. 79. Julia Rhoda Aaron, etc., et al., petitioners, v. Ford, Bacon
and Davis, Incorporated. Argument continued by Mr. E. L. Mc-
Haney, Jr., for the respondent in No. 79 and concluded by Miss.
Bessie Margolin for The United States, as amicus curiae, by special
leave of Court, and case submitted by Mr. C. M. Kenney and Mr. Pat
Coon for the petitioners in No. 58.
No. 83. Regents of the University System of Georgia, petitioner,
v. W. E. Carroll, Clarence H. Calhoun, Mrs. Hattie J. Pickard, et al.
Argued by Mr. Hamilton Lokey for the petitioner; by Mr. Max Gold-
man for the Federal Communications Commission, as amicus curiae,
by special leave of Court, and by Mr. James A. Branch for the
respondents.
No. 221. Skelly Oil Company et al., petitioners, v. Phillips Pe-
troleum Company. Argued by Mr. Charles L. Black for the peti-
tioners and by Mr. Harry D. Turner for the respondent.
Adjourned until Monday, December 12, next, at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Monday, December 12, will be as follows: Nos.
214, 157 (158 and 159), 147, 171 (and 188), 178, 217, 273 (and
274), 230, and 98 (and 99).
850087-49-31

MONDAY, DECEMBER 12, 1949
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
95
Present: Mr. Chief Justice Vinson, Mr. Justice Black, Mr. Justice
Reed, Mr. Justice Frankfurter, Mr. Justice Jackson, Mr. Justice
Burton, Mr. Justice Clark, and Mr. Justice Minton.
Stewart Cureton, of Santa Cruz, Calif.; Allen G. West, of Okla-
homa City, Okla.; Charles B. Niebling, of Newark, N. J.; Lester E.
Wills, of Meridian, Miss.; Manuel Carranza Gamboa, of Washington,
D. C.; Hugh Roberts Hoval Smith, of Washington, D. C.; Thomas
Jackson Barnett, of Chicago, Ill.; Edward H. Baker, Jr., of Chicago,
Ill.; Stuart Nash Scott, of New York City; Roy M. D. Richardson, of
New York City; Floyd J. Stuppi, of Chicago, Ill.; Harry Farrar
Stiles, Jr., of New Orleans, La.; Clarence G. Miles, of Lincoln, Nebr.;
John Roger Montgomery, of Portland, Oreg.; John E. Jacobson, of
Lincoln, Nebr.; Albert M. Kuhfeld, of Beach, N. Dak.; Nathan H.
Sirota, of New York City; Clifford Charles Comisky, of Portland,
Oreg.; William Henry Markus, of Pittsburgh, Pa.; and John Lester
Miller, of Pittsburgh, Pa., were admitted to practice.
No. 39. The United States, petitioner, v. The Toronto, Hamilton
and Buffalo Navigation Company. On writ of certiorari to the United
States Court of Claims. Judgment reversed and case remanded for
further proceedings in the light of the opinion of this Court. Opinion
by Mr. Justice Clark. Concurring opinion by Mr. Justice Frank-
furter. Mr. Justice Douglas took no part in the consideration or de-
cision of this case.
No. 75. Wilmette Park District, petitioner, v. Nigel D. Campbell,
Collector of Internal Revenue. On writ of certiorari to the United
States Court of Appeals for the Seventh Circuit. Judgment affirmed
with costs and case remanded to the United States District Court for
the Northern District of Illinois. Opinion by Mr. Justice Clark. Mr.
Justice Douglas and Mr. Justice Minton took no part in the considera-
tion or decision of this case.
No. 56. Sarah O'Donnell, Administratrix of the Estate of William
O'Donnell, Deceased, petitioner, v. Elgin, Joliet and Eastern Railway
Company. On writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the Seventh Circuit. Judgment of Court of Appeals reversed
850087-49- -32

MONDAY, DECEMBER 12, 1949
96
with costs and case remanded to the United States District Court for
the Northern District of Illinois for further proceedings in conformity
with the opinion of this Court. Opinion by Mr. Justice Jackson.
Dissenting opinion by Mr. Justice Burton in which Mr. Justice Reed
concurs. Mr. Justice Frankfurter, Mr. Justice Douglas, and Mr. Jus-
tice Minton took no part in the consideration or decision of this case.
No. 35. The United States of America, petitioner, v. Aetna Cas-
ualty and Surety Company. On writ of certiorari to the United
States Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit;
No. 36. The United States of America, petitioner, v. World Fire
and Marine Insurance Company. On writ of certiorari to the United
States Court of Appeals for the Tenth Circuit;
No. 37. The United States of America, petitioner, v. Yorkshire In-
surance Company; and
No. 38. The United States of America, petitioner, v. The Home In-
surance Company. On writs of certiorari to the United States Court
of Appeals for the Third Circuit. Judgment in each case affirmed.
Case 35 is remanded to the United States District Court for the Eastern
District of New York. Case 36 is remanded to the United States Dis-
trict Court for the District of New Mexico. Cases 37 and 38 are re-
manded to the United States District Court for the District of New
Jersey. Opinion by Mr. Chief Justice Vinson. Dissenting: Mr.
Justice Black. Mr. Justice Douglas took no part in the consideration
or decision of these cases.
The Chief Justice announced the following orders of the Court:
No. 334. The United States of America, appellant, v. Shoreline
Cooperative Apartments, Inc., a Corporation, et al. Appeal from the
United States District Court for the Northern District of Illinois.
Per curiam: The judgment is reversed. Woods v. Miller Co., 333
U. S. 138.
No. 447. Land O'Lakes Dairy Company, appellant, v. County of
Wadena and State of Minnesota. Appeal from the Supreme Court
of Minnesota. Per curiam: The motion to affirm is granted and the
judgment is affirmed. S. R. A., Inc. v. Minnesota, 327 U. S. 558;
Oklahoma Tax Comm'n v. Texas Co., 336 U. S. 342.
The Chief Justice said:
"The other orders of the Court appear upon the list certified by the
Chief Justice and filed with the Clerk and will not be announced
orally."

MONDAY, DECEMBER 12, 1949
97
No. 60. Julius A. Krug, Department of Interior, petitioner, v.
Sheridan-Wyoming Coal Company, Inc. On consideration of the sug-
gestion of a diminution of the record and a motion for a writ of certi-
orari in that relation, the motion for certiorari is denied.
No. 60. Julius A. Krug, Department of Interior, petitioner, v.
Sheridan-Wyoming Coal Company, Inc. The motion to substitute
Oscar L. Chapman as the party petitioner in the place and stead of
Julius A. Krug is granted.
No. 456. The International Union of United Automobile, Aircraft
and Agricultural Implement Workers of America, C. I. O., et al.,
appellants, v. Gerald K. O'Brien, Wayne County Prosecuting Attor-
ney, et al. In this case probable jurisdiction is noted.
No. 419. Plankinton Packing Company, petitioner, v. Wisconsin
Employment Relations Board et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to
the Supreme Court of Wisconsin granted.
No. 438. Order of Railway Conductors of America, an Unincor-
porated Association, petitioner, v. Southern Railway Company, a Cor-
poration Organized and Existing Under the Laws of the State of Vir-
ginia. The petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of
South Carolina is granted and the case is transferred to the summary
docket and assigned for argument immediately following No. 391.
No. 410. Ryan Stevedoring Company, Inc., petitioner, v. The
United States of America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit denied.
No. 412. Margaret Shields and Henry K. Shields, By His Mother
and Next Friend Margaret Shields, petitioners, v. The United States
of America and War Shipping Administration. Petition for writ of
certiorari to the Court of Appeals for the Third Circuit denied.
No. 413. National Labor Relations Board, petitioner, v. The Ohio
Power Company. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of
Appeals for the Sixth Circuit denied.
No 423. Interstate Equipment Corporation, petitioner, v. Hart-
ford Accident and Indemnity Company, To the Use of Esther F. Silva
et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals for the
Third Circuit denied.
No. 424. Interstate Equipment Corporation, petitioner, v. United
States District Court for the District of New Jersey et al. Petition
for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals for the Third Circuit
denied.
No. 425. The Homeworkers' Handicraft Cooperative and Millhiser
Bag Company, petitioners, v. William R. McComb, Administrator of

MONDAY, DECEMBER 12, 1949
98
the Wage and Hour Division, United States Department of Labor.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals for the Fourth
Circuit denied.
No. 437. Belle W. Baruch, petitioner, v. Beech Aircraft Corpora-
tion. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals for the
Tenth Circuit denied.
No. 358. J. S. Casselman, James D. Towne, J. E. Abel, and George
Hill, petitioners, v. State of Idaho. Petition for writ of certiorari
to the Supreme Court of Idaho denied. Mr. Justice Black, Mr. Jus-
tice Reed, and Mr. Justice Burton are of the opinion certiorari should
be granted.
No. 406. Independence Lead Mines Company, petitioner, v. Alma
R. Kingsbury and Olga Marquardt; and
No. 179, Misc. Independence Lead Mines Co., petitioner, v. Alma
R. Kingsbury et al. In No. 406 the petition for writ of certiorari to
the Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit is denied. In No. 179,
Misc. the motion for leave to file petition for writ of certiorari is
denied.
No. 422. Bolitha J. Laws, Chief Judge, et al., Comprising the
United States District Court for the District of Columbia, petitioners,
v. John W. Carter. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of
Appeals for the District of Columbia Circuit denied. Mr. Justice
Clark took no part in the consideration or decision of this case.
No. 40. The United States of America and Interstate Commerce
Commission, appellants, v. The Capital Transit Company et al.;
No. 41. Washington, Virginia, and Maryland Coach Company,
Inc., et al., appellants v. The Capital Transit Company et al.;
No. 363. Lynchburg Traffic Bureau, appellant, v. United States
of America, Interstate Commerce Commission, et al.;
No. 15, Misc. Johnnie F. Slaughter, petitioner, v. The United States
of America; and
No. 55, Misc. Helen Maxine Castor, petitioner, v. The United States
of America et al. The petitions for rehearing in these cases are
severally denied.
No. 138, Misc. John Luther Lama, petitioner, v. People of the State
of California et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme
Court of California denied.
No. 139, Misc. Ike Kostrow and Bernard J. Wollis, petitioners, v.
Commonwealth of Virginia, ex rel. Virginia Oak Tannery, Inc. Pe-
tition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of Page County and
the Supreme Court of Appeals of Virginia denied.

MONDAY, DECEMBER 12, 1949
99
No. 232, Misc. Hilbert Murray, petitioner, v. Browning Robinson,
Warden. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of Wil-
liamson County, State of Illinois, denied.
No. 186, Misc. Cecil Lee Edgeman, petitioner, v. R. W. Alvis,
Warden;
No. 231, Misc. Sam Wedgle, petitioner, v. The United States of
America;
No. 234, Misc. In the Matter of Percy W. Whistler, petitioner; and
No. 248, Misc. Albert Van Pelt, petitioner, v. Joseph E. Ragen,
Warden. The motions for leave to file petitions for writs of habeas
corpus are severally denied.
No. 226, Misc. Sol Newstead, petitioner, v. Dr. Winfred Overholser.
The motion for leave to file petition for writ of mandamus is denied.
Mr. Justice Douglas took no part in the consideration or decision
of the cases in which orders or judgments are this day announced.
The Court will take a recess from Monday, December 19, until
Monday, January 9, 1950.
No. 214. The United States, petitioner, v. Cumberland Public Serv-
ice Company, a Corporation. Argued by Mr. Hilbert P. Zarky for
the petitioner and by Mr. Cornelius W. Grafton for the respondent.
No. 157. Civil Aeronautics Board, petitioner, v. State Airlines,
Inc.;
No. 158. State Airlines, Inc., petitioner, v. Civil Aeronautics
Board and Piedmont Aviation, Inc.; and
No. 159. Piedmont Aviation, Inc., petitioner, v. State Airlines,
Inc. Argued by Mr. Frederick W. P. Lorenzen for State Airlines,
Inc.; by Mr. Emory T. Nunneley, Jr., for the Civil Aeronautics Board;
and by Mr Charles H. Murchison for Piedmont Aviation, Inc.
Adjourned until tomorrow at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Tuesday, December 13, will be as follows: Nos. 147,
171 (and 188), 178, 217, 273 (and 274), 230, and 98 (and 99).
☑

TUESDAY, DECEMBER 13, 1949
100
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: Mr. Chief Justice Vinson, Mr. Justice Black, Mr. Justice
Reed, Mr. Justice Frankfurter, Mr. Justice Jackson, Mr. Justice
Burton, Mr. Justice Clark, and Mr. Justice Minton.
Nicholas Joseph Healy 3d, of New York City, was admitted to
practice.
No. 147. New Jersey Realty Title Insurance Company, appellant,
v. Division of Tax Appeals in the Department of Taxation and
Finance of the State of New Jersey and the City of Newark. Argued
by Mr. Walter Gordon Merritt for the appellant and by Mr. Vincent
J. Casale for the appellee.
No. 171. The United States of America, appellant, v. Joe Burnison
and Phil C. Katz, Public Administrator of the City and County of
San Francisco; and
No. 188. The United States of America, appellant, v. Charles F.
Gayetty et al. Argued by Mr. Melvin Richter for the appellant and
by Mr. J. Harold Decker for the appellees.
No. 178. J. Baker Bryan, Sr., petitioner, v. The United States of
America. Argument commenced by Mr. Carl J. Batter for the peti-
tioner and continued by Miss Melva M. Graney for the respondent.
Adjourned until tomorrow at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Wednesday, December 14, will be as follows: Nos.
178, 217, 273 (and 274), 230, and 98 (and 99).
850087-49-
-33

WEDNESDAY, DECEMBER 14, 1949
101
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: Mr. Chief Justice Vinson, Mr. Justice Black, Mr. Justice
Reed, Mr. Justice Frankfurter, Mr. Justice Jackson, Mr. Justice
Burton, Mr. Justice Clark, and Mr. Justice Minton.
Francis F. Carmichael, of Boston, Mass.; John C. Marchant, of
Boston, Mass.; and Wilburn C. West, of Salt Lake City, Utah, were
admitted to practice.
No. 178. J. Baker Bryan, Sr., petitioner, v. The United States of
America. Argument continued by Miss Melva M. Graney for the
respondent and concluded by Mr. Carl J. Batter for the petitioner.
No. 217. The United States of America, petitioner, v. Alexander
Lawrence Alpers. Argued by Mr. Joseph W. Bishop for the peti-
tioner and case submitted by Mr. A. J. Zirpoli for the respondent.
No. 273. The United States of America, petitioner, v. Morton
Salt Company; and
No. 274. The United States of America, petitioner, v. Interna-
tional Salt Company. Argued by Mr. Philip Elman for the peti-
tioner; by Mr. L. M. McBride for the respondent in No. 273 and by
Mr. Frederic R. Sanborn for the respondent in No. 274.
No. 230. Swift and Company Packers et al., petitioners, v. Com-
pania Colombiana Del Caribe, S. A. Argument commenced by Mr.
Eberhard P. Deutsch for the petitioners.
Adjourned until tomorrow at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Thursday, December 15, will be as follows: Nos.
230 and 98 (and 99).
☑
850087-49-34
EL

+
THURSDAY, DECEMBER 15, 1949
102
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: Mr. Chief Justice Vinson, Mr. Justice Black, Mr. Justice
Reed, Mr. Justice Frankfurter, Mr. Justice Jackson, Mr. Justice Bur-
ton, Mr. Justice Clark, and Mr. Justice Minton.
Roy P. Swanson, of Kansas City, Mo., was admitted to practice.
No. 230. Swift and Company Packers et al., petitioners, v. Com-
pania Colombiana Del Caribe, S. A. Argument continued by Mr.
Eberhard P. Deutsch for the petitioners; by Mr. Nicholas J. Healy,
Jr., for the respondent, and concluded by Mr. Eberhard P. Deutsch for
the petitioners.
No. 98. The United States of America, petitioner, v. Ernestina
G. Fleischman; and
No. 99. The United States of America, petitioner, v. Helen R.
Bryan. Argued by Mr. Solicitor General Perlman for the petitioner
and by Mr. O. John Rogge and Mr. Benedict Wolf for the respondents.
Adjourned until Monday, December 19, next, at 12 o'clock.
850087-49- -35
1

MONDAY, DECEMBER 19, 1949
103
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: Mr. Chief Justice Vinson, Mr. Justice Black, Mr. Justice
Reed, Mr. Justice Frankfurter, Mr. Justice Jackson, Mr. Justice Bur-
ton, Mr. Justice Clark, and Mr. Justice Minton.
Leonard R. Posner, of Hartford, Conn.; C. E. Ram Morrison, of
Oklahoma City, Okla.; Donald H. Dalton, of Washington, D. C.;
Cyrus Austin, of New York City; Abraham Lillienthal, of New York
City; Albert B. Maginnes, of New York City; J. Quincy Hunsicker 3d,
of New York City; E. E. Naylor, of Washington, D. C.; J. Neil Mor-
ton, of St. Paul, Minn.; Arnold Forster, of New York City; Seneca
B. Anderson, of Dedham, Mass.; and Waldo Noyes, of Weston, Mass.,
were admitted to practice.
No. 23. Neroy Carter, petitioner, v. Atlanta and Saint Andrews
Bay Railway Company, a Body Corporate. On writ of certiorari to
the United States Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit. Judgment
reversed with costs and case remanded to the United States District
Court for the Middle District of Alabama for further proceedings in
conformity with the opinion of this Court. Opinion by Mr. Justice
Clark. Dissenting: Mr. Justice Reed. Separate opinion by Mr. Jus-
tice Frankfurter stating writ of certiorari should be dismissed as im-
providently granted. Mr. Justice Douglas took no part in the
consideration or decision of this case.
No. 271. Alcoa Steamship Company, Inc., petitioner, v. The
United States of America. On writ of certiorari to the United States
Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit. Judgment affirmed and case
remanded to the United States District Court for the Southern Dis-
trict of New York. Opinion by Mr. Justice Reed. Dissenting: Mr.
Justice Frankfurter and Mr. Justice Burton. Mr. Justice Douglas
took no part in the consideration or decision of this case.
The Chief Justice announced the following orders of the Court:
No. 464. O. C. Wiley and Sons, Incorporated, appellant, v. The
United States of America and Interstate Commerce Commission.
Appeal from the United States District Court for the Western Dis-
trict of Virginia. Per curiam: The motion to affirm is granted and
the judgment is affirmed.
850087-49-36

MONDAY, DECEMBER 19, 1949
104
No. 473. The United States of America, appellant, v. Dan Stef-
fan. Appeal from the United States District Court for the Northern
District of Illinois. Per curiam: The judgment is reversed. United
States v. Shoreline Cooperative Apartments, No. 334, October Term,
1949, decided December 12, 1949.
No. 379. Victor Hubsch, petitioner, v. The United States of
America; and
No. 380. Margaret Schweitzer, petitioner, v. The United States of
America. On application of petitioners and the Solicitor General
for approval of settlement. Per curiam: We granted writs of certio-
rari in these cases, -U. S.-, to review a decision of the Court of
Appeals for the Fifth Circuit affirming judgments of the District
Court for the Southern District of Florida in favor of the United
States on claims arising under the Federal Tort Claims Act. Before
argument, petitioners and the Solicitor General submitted a joint
application for approval of proposed settlements of the claims, citing
28 U. S. C. § 2677, which reads as follows:
"The Attorney General, with the approval of the court, may arbi-
trate, compromise, or settle any claim cognizable under section 1346
(b) of this Title (suits under the Tort Claims Act), after commence-
ment of an action thereon."
We construe § 2677 as imposing on the District Court the authority
and responsibility for passing on proposed compromises, notwith-
standing the judgments of the Court of Appeals affirming the judg-
ments of the District Court heretofore entered herein. The applica-
tion and stipulations are therefore referred to the United States Dis-
tict Court for the Southern District of Florida with authority to
consider and dispose of the same.
The Chief Justice said:
"The other orders of the Court appear upon the list certified by the
Chief Justice and filed with the Clerk and will not be announced
orally."
No. 12, Original. The United States of America, plaintiff, v. The
State of Louisiana; and
No. 13, Original. The United States of America, plaintiff, v. The
State of Texas. The supplemental motion of Annie C. Lewis et al.,
for leave to file bill of complaint is denied. Mr. Justice Jackson and
Mr. Justice Clark took no part in the consideration or decision of
this application.
No. 456. The International Union of United Automobile, Air-
craft and Agricultural Implement Workers of America, C.I.O., et al.,
appellants, v. Gerald K. O'Brien, Wayne County Prosecuting At-

MONDAY, DECEMBER 19, 1949
105
torney, et al. The motion of the National Labor Relations Board for
leave to appear and present oral argument as amicus curiae is granted.
No. 460. Jiffy Lubricator Company, Inc., petitioner, v. Stewart-
Warner Corporation. The motion of petitioner for leave to file brief
in support of petition for writ of certiorari on or before December 24,
next, is granted.
No. 449. Building Service Employees International Union, Local
262, et al., petitioners, v. W. L. Gazzam. Petition for writ of certiorari
to the Supreme Court of Washington granted.
No. 309. International Brotherhood of Teamsters, Chauffeurs,
Warehousemen and Helpers Union, Local 309, et al., petitioners, v.
A. E. Hanke et al., Co-Partners, D. B. A. Atlas Auto Rebuild. Peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Washington granted
and case transferred to the summary docket and assigned for argu-
ment immediately following No. 449.
No. 364. Automobile Drivers and Demonstrators Local Union No.
882 et al., petitioners, v. George E. Cline. Petition for writ of cer-
tiorari to the Supreme Court of Washington granted and case trans-
ferred to the summary docket and assigned for argument immediately
following No. 309.
No. 374. Andrew J. Moloney, petitioner, v. Marjorie H. Moloney
(Ailworth). Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of
Kansas denied.
No. 377. The United States, petitioner, v. William Winters and
John T. Payne, Co-Partners Doing Business Under the Firm Name
and style of William Winters and Co. Petition for writ of certiorari
to the Court of Claims denied.
No. 381. Gauley-Eagle Coal and Coke Company, petitioner, v.
T. J. Blair, Jr., et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme
Court of Appeals of West Virginia denied.
No. 429. Annie Mary Timmons, petitioner, v. J. D. Fagan. Peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of South Carolina
denied.
No. 430. The United States of America, On Relation of James
W. Mobley, Relator, petitioner, v. General Thomas T. Handy, Com-
manding Officer, Fort Sam Houston. Petition for writ of certiorari
to the Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 436. Mario Morano, petitioner, v. Commissioner of Internal
Revenue. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals for
the Third Circuit denied.
No. 439. William Heyman and Lydia Vogel Heyman, petitioners,
v. Commissioner of Internal Revenue; and

MONDAY, DECEMBER 19, 1949
106
No. 440. Lydia Vogel Heyman, petitioner, v. Commissioner of
Internal Revenue. Petition for writs of certiorari to the Court of
Appeals for the Second Circuit denied.
No. 441. Arrow Stevedoring Company, petitioner, v. The United
States of America; and
No. 442. Arrow Stevedoring Company, petitioner, v. The United
States of America. Petition for writs of certiorari to the Court of
Appeals for the Ninth Circuit denied.
No. 443. Titusville Dairy Products Company, petitioner, v.
Charles F. Brannan, Secretary of Agriculture of the United States.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals for the Third
Circuit denied.
No. 444. California State Automobile Association, petitioner, v.
James G. Smyth, Collector of Internal Revenue of the First Internal
Revenue Collection District of California. Petition for writ of
certiorari to the Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit denied.
No. 446. Earl Guy, petitioner, v. L. F. Utecht, Warden of State
Prison, Stillwater, Minnesota. The motion to dispense with printing
the record is granted. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme
Court of Minnesota denied.
No. 6, Misc. Eugene Barrigar, petitioner, v. People of the State of
Illinois. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of Adams
County, State of Illinois, denied.
No. 10, Misc. Oliver Snell, petitioner, v. Nathan Mayo, as Prison
Custodian. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals for
the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 44, Misc. Dell Texas Dalton, petitioner, v. Walter A. Hunter,
Warden. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals for
the Tenth Circuit denied.
No. 49, Misc. R. V. Prince, petitioner, v. State of Missouri. Peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Missouri denied.
No. 78, Misc. Carl Edmond Owens, petitioner, v. The United
States. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals for
the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 94, Misc. Edward S. Wetherbee, petitioner, v. The United
States of America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of
Appeals for the Eighth Circuit denied.
No. 140, Misc. Simon Adams, petitioner, v. The State of Texas.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Criminal Appeals of
Texas denied.

MONDAY, DECEMBER 19, 1949
107
No. 183, Misc. Howard D. Gibson, petitioner, v. People of the
State of California. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme
Court of California denied.
No. 196, Misc. Clifford A. Reanier, petitioner, v. Tom Smith, Supt.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Washington
denied.
No. 204, Misc. Matthew Miller, petitioner, v. Steamer "Sultana."
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals for the Second
Circuit denied.
No. 227, Misc. James I. Caviness, petitioner, v. State of North Caro-
lina. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of North
Carolina denied.
No. 228, Misc. Bernard M. Shotkin, petitioner, v. W. F. Perkins
et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Colo-
rado denied.
No. 230, Misc. Don Westenhaver, petitioner, v. People of the State
of Illinois. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of
Shelby County, State of Illinois, denied.
No. 238, Misc. James Johnson, petitioner, v. Joseph E. Ragen,
Warden. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of
Illinois denied.
No. 239, Misc. Steve G. Reeves, petitioner, v. Joseph E. Ragen,
Warden. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of Will
County, State of Illinois, denied.
No. 240, Misc. Bernard M. Shotkin, etc., petitioner, v. W. F. Per-
kins. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Colorado
denied.
No. 245, Misc. Emanuel Perrozzi, petitioner, v. Joseph E. Ragen,
Warden. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of Will
County, State of Illinois, denied.
No. 249, Misc. Carlton Joseph Sherlock, petitioner, v. Joseph E.
Ragen, Warden. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court
of Stark County, State of Illinois, denied.
No. 250, Misc. Gilbert Joseph Stinchcomb, petitioner, v. Robert
A. Heinze, Warden. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme
Court of California denied.
No. 235, Misc. George Foley, petitioner, v. J. Earl Major, Chief
Judge and Circuit Judges of the United States Court of Appeals for
the Seventh Circuit. The motion for leave to file petition for writ
of mandamus is denied.

MONDAY, DECEMBER 19, 1949
108
No. 242, Misc. Charles Montgomery, petitioner, v. People of the
State of North Carolina. The motion for leave to file petition for
writ of habeas corpus is denied.
No. 372, Misc., October Term, 1948. Julius Bernard Sherman, pe-
titioner, v. Joseph E. Ragen, Warden et al. The motion to transfer
this case to the United States District Court is denied.
Mr. Justice Douglas took no part in the consideration or decision
of the cases in which judgments or orders are this day announced.
Adjourned until Monday, January 9, next, at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Monday, January 9, 1950, will be as follows: Nos.
60, 107, 113 (and 114), 156 (and 163), 293, 302, 337, and 378.
☑

MONDAY, JANUARY 9, 1950
109
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: Mr. Chief Justice Vinson, Mr. Justice Black, Mr. Justice
Reed, Mr. Justice Frankfurter, Mr. Justice Jackson, Mr. Justice
Burton, Mr. Justice Clark, and Mr. Justice Minton.
William H. Van Oosterhout, of Chicago, Ill.; Joe Hatfield, of
West Palm Beach, Fla.; Clarence A. Bernhard, of Rockville, Md.;
Samuel A. Cohen, of New York City; John Yonco, of Chicago, Ill.;
Pierre W. Evans, of Elmira, N. Y.; John Van Brunt, Jr., of Wilming-
ton, Del.; Clair John Killoran, of Wilmington, Del.; Abraham J.
Walcoff, of Atlanta, Ga.; David Wright, Jr., of Baltimore, Md.;
William D. Gunn, of Minneapolis, Minn.; Harry Pollock, of Pitts-
burgh, Pa.; Leonard Marshall, of Washington, D. C.; and Edward
A. Goggin, of Oakland, Calif., were admitted to practice.
No. 48. Rosette Sorge Savorgnan, petitioner, v. The United States
of America, J. Howard McGrath, The Attorney General of the United
States of America, et al. On writ of certiorari to the United States
Court of Appeals for the Seventh Circuit. Judgment affirmed and
case remanded to the United States District Court for the Western
District of Wisconsin. Opinion by Mr. Justice Burton. Dissenting:
Mr. Justice Frankfurter and Mr. Justice Black. Mr. Justice Douglas
took no part in the consideration or decision of this case.
No. 214. The United States, petitioner, v. Cumberland Public
Service Company, a Corporation. On writ of certiorari to the Court
of Claims. Judgment affirmed. Opinion by Mr. Justice Black. Mr.
Justice Douglas took no part in the consideration or decision of this
case.
No. 97. The United States, petitioner, v. Jeff W. Moorman and
James C. Moorman, Co-partners, Doing Business As J. W. Moor-
man & Son. On writ of certiorari to the Court of Claims. Judgment
reversed and case remanded for proceedings in conformity with the
opinion of this Court. Opinion by Mr. Justice Black. Mr. Justice
Douglas took no part in the consideration or decision of this case.
No. 71. Federal Power Commission, petitioner, v. East Ohio Gas
Company et al. On writ of certiorari to the United States Court of
Appeals for the District of Columbia Circuit. Judgment reversed
and case remanded to the United States Court of Appeals for the
District of Columbia Circuit for proceedings in conformity with the
opinion of this Court. Opinion by Mr. Justice Black. Dissenting
850087-50-37

MONDAY, JANUARY 9, 1950
110
opinion by Mr. Justice Jackson in which Mr. Justice Frankfurter
joins. Mr. Justice Douglas and Mr. Justice Burton took no part in
the consideration or decision of this case.
No. 59. Reo Motors, Inc., petitioner, v. Commissioner of Internal
Revenue. On writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the Sixth Circuit. Judgment affirmed and case remanded to the
United States Court of Appeals for the Sixth Circuit. Opinion by
Mr. Chief Justice Vinson. Mr. Justice Douglas took no part in the
consideration or decision of this case.
The Chief Justice announced the following order of the Court:
No. 69. Jesse Miller Sinclair, petitioner, v. The United States of
America. On writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals for the Third
Circuit. Per curiam: The judgment is reversed. United States v.
Limehouse, 285 U. S. 424; Swearingen v. United States, 161 U. S. 446.
The Chief Justice said:
"The other orders of the Court appear upon the list certified by
the Chief Justice and filed with the Clerk and will not be announced
orally."
No. 25. Elmer W. Henderson, appellant, v. The United States et al.
The motion for leave to file brief of Anti-Defamation League of
B'Nai B'Rith and American Jewish Committee as amici curiae is
denied.
No. 25. Elmer W. Henderson, appellant, v. The United States et al.
The motion of Sam Hobbs for leave to appear and present oral argu-
ment as amicus curiae is granted.
No. 107. Standard Oil Company, petitioner, v. Federal Trade
Commission. The motions for leave to appear and present oral argu-
ment on behalf of Retail Gasoline Dealers Association et al., and
Empire State Petroleum Association et al., as amici curiae are granted.
No. 302. District of Columbia, petitioner, v. Geraldine Little, alias
Mildred Parker. The motion for leave to appear and present oral
argument on behalf of National Institute of Municipal Law Officers
as amicus curiae is granted.
No. 373. Martin Ludwig Cohnstaedt, petitioner, v. Immigration
and Naturalization Service, etc. This case is ordered transferred to
the summary docket.
No. 490. The United States, appellant, v. Cotton Valley Operators
Committee et al. In this case probable jurisdiction is noted. Mr.
Justice Clark took no part in the consideration or decision of this
question.

MONDAY, JANUARY 9, 1950
111
No. 434. National Labor Relations Board, petitioner, v. Mexia
Textile Mills, Inc. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of
Appeals for the Fifth Circuit granted and case transferred to the
summary docket.
No. 435. National Labor Relations Board, petitioner, v. Pool Man-
ufacturing Company. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court
of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit granted and case transferred to the
summary docket.
No. 445. Brown Shoe Company, Inc., petitioner, v. Commissioner
of Internal Revenue. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of
Appeals for the Eighth Circuit granted.
No. 376. Keyes C. Gaynor, petitioner, v. Metals Reserve Com-
pany. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals for the
Eighth Circuit denied.
No. 416. William T. Burton, petitioner, v. The United States;
No. 417. Joe T. Cawthorn, petitioner, v. The United States; and
No. 418. Marcel F. LaBranche, petitioner, v. The United States.
Petitions for writs of certiorari to the Court of Appeals for the Fifth
Circuit denied.
No. 431. National Labor Relations Board, petitioner, v. Atlanta
Metallic Casket Company. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 432. National Labor Relations Board, petitioner, v. Wilson
and Company, Inc. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of
Appeals for the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 433. National Labor Relations Board, petitioner, v. Massey
Gin and Machine Works, Inc. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 450. Morris Eisenberg, petitioner, v. Commissioner of Internal
Revenue; and
No. 451. Herman Schaeffer, petitioner, v. Commissioner of In-
ternal Revenue. Petition for writs of certiorari to the Court of Ap-
peals for the Third Circuit denied.
No. 452. Jeremiah McCarthy, petitioner, v. American Eastern
Corporation. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals
for the Third Circuit denied.
No. 457. Chester Walker Colgrove et al., petitioners, v. The United
States. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals for the
Ninth Circuit denied.
No. 458. Colusa Remedy Company, Intervenor, petitioner, v. The
United States. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals
for the Eighth Circuit denied.

MONDAY, JANUARY 9, 1950
112
No. 459. Margaret I. Riley, petitioner, v. Union Pacific Railroad
Company. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals for
the Seventh Circuit denied.
No. 461. The Apex Smelting Company, petitioner, v. William S.
Burns et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals
for the Seventh Circuit denied.
No. 462. Simpson Bros., Inc., petitioner, v. District of Columbia.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals for the District
of Columbia Circuit denied.
No. 465. Bernard Newyahr, petitioner, v. The United States. Peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals for the District of
Columbia Circuit denied.
No. 469. William Turpin, Jr., petitioner, v. State of Wisconsin.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Wisconsin
denied.
No. 474. Walter N. Smith et al., petitioners, v. Hon. William
O'Dwyer, Mayor of the City of New York, et al. Petition for writ of
certiorari to the Court of Appeals of New York denied.
No. 493. Granat Bros. et al., petitioners, v. Ralph D. Gomez et al.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals for the Ninth
Circuit.
No. 300. State of Maryland, petitioner, v. Baltimore Radio Show,
Inc., et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals of
Maryland denied. Mr. Justice Frankfurter has filed an opinion re-
specting the denial of the petition for writ of certiorari.
No. 393. J. D. Pedigo et al., petitioners, v. Celanese Corporation of
America;
No. 394. A. C. Carroll et al., petitioners, v. Celanese Corporation
of America;
No. 395. S. T. Alred et al., petitioners, v. Celanese Corporation of
America;
No. 396. Lowell E. Womack, petitioner, v. Celanese Corporation of
America;
No. 397. S. T. Alred et al., petitioners, v. Celanese Corporation of
America;
No. 398. J. D. Pedigo et al., petitioners, v. Celanese Corporation
of America; and
No. 399. Lowell E. Womack, petitioner, v. Celanese Corporation
of America. Petition for writs of certiorari to the Supreme Court of
Georgia denied. Mr. Justice Black thinks petitioners were denied due
process of law and that the petition should be granted.
No. 1210, October Term, 1945. Paul Ginsburg, petitioner, v.
Charles H. Sachs et al. The second petition for rehearing is denied.

MONDAY, JANUARY 9, 1950
113
No. 53. Lawrence C. Kingsland, Commissioner of Patents, peti-
tioner, v. Vernon M. Dorsey;
No. 245. Corporation of the Presiding Bishop of the Church of
Jesus Christ of Latter-Day Saints, a Utah Corporation, appellant v.
City of Porterville et al.;
No. 315. American Eastern Corporation, petitioner, v. Jeremiah
McCarthy;
No. 329. Morris Klein, petitioner, v. The United States; and
No. 330. Harry Burke, petitioner, v. The United States;
No. 334. The United States, appellant, v. Shoreline Co-operative
Apartments, Inc., et al.;
No. 365. Eleptheoris Kofouros et al., petitioners, v. Theodor Gian-
noutsos et al.;
No. 388. Nicholas Korthinos et al., petitioners, v. S. S. Niarchos,
as owner, etc., and
No. 389. Petros Maleuris et al., petitioners, v. Anthony G. Papa-
dakis, as owner, etc. The petitions for rehearing in these cases are
severally denied.
No. 317. Friedrich Flick, petitioner, v. Louis A. Johnson, Secre-
tary of Defense, et al. The petition for rehearing is denied. Mr.
Justice Jackson took no part in the consideration or decision of this
application.
No. 368. Louis H. Rosenblum, petitioner, v. The United States;
No. 369. Max Stryk, petitioner, v. The United States; and
No. 370. Jacob Weiss, petitioner, v. The United States. The peti-
tion for rehearing is denied. Mr. Justice Minton took no part in the
consideration or decision of this application.
No. 400. Fifth and Walnut, Inc., et al., petitioners, v. Loew's In-
corporated, et al. The petition for rehearing is denied. Mr. Justice
Clark took no part in the consideration or decision of this application.
No. 42, Misc. Edmond Arthur Rohde, petitioner, v. People of the
State of Illinois. The petition for rehearing is denied.
No. 81, Misc. Mollie Eagle, petitioner, v. Benjamin Cherney et al.
The second petition for rehearing is denied.
No. 215, Misc. Wallace James Cruse, petitioner, v. Joseph E.
Ragen, Warden. The petition for rehearing is denied.
No. 68, Misc. Bruce Allen Gresham, petitioner, v. State of Texas.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Criminal Appeals of
Texas denied.
No. 159, Misc. John Robert Atherton et al., petitioners, v. The
United States, and
No. 160, Misc. George Calvin Edwards et al., petitioners, v. The
United States. Petitions for writs of certiorari to the Court of
Appeals for the Ninth Circuit denied.

MONDAY, JANUARY 9, 1950
114
No. 197, Misc. Edwin C. M. Dickey, petitioner, v. The United
States. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Claims denied.
No. 251, Misc. Leon H. Pyeatte, petitioner, v. C. J. Burke, Warden.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Pennsylvania
denied.
No. 253, Misc. Ernest George Bland, petitioner, v. State of Texas.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Forty-sixth Judicial District
Court of Hardeman County, Texas, denied.
No. 256, Misc. John McCann, petitioner, v. New York State Board
of Parole. Petition for writ of certiorari to the New York State
Board of Parole denied.
No. 258, Misc. Edwin Hilt, petitioner, v. State of New York. Peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals of New York
denied.
No. 259, Misc. Robert Farmer, petitioner, v. Joseph E. Ragen,
Warden. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Criminal Court of
Cook County, Illinois, denied.
No. 260, Misc. Wallace Phillips, petitioner, v. Joseph E. Ragen,
Warden. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of Edgar
County, Illinois, denied.
No. 268, Misc. W. H. Nicholas, petitioner, v. John R. Cranor, Su-
perintendent. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of
Washington denied.
No. 254, Misc. Henry Schectman, petitioner, v. John F. Foster,
Warden. The motion for leave to file petition for writ of certiorari
is denied.
No. 257, Misc. Jack O'Lee Young, petitioner, v. Browning Robin-
son, Warden;
No. 273, Misc. Sylvester Brown, petitioner, v. State of Minnesota ;
and
No. 274, Misc. William D. Bridge, petitioner, v. Dr. J. Leroy
Wright, Warden. The motions for leave to file petitions for writs of
habeas corpus are severally denied.
No. 262, Misc. Frank Hynes, Regional Director, etc., petitioner, v.
The Hon. Harry E. Pratt, Judge, etc. The motion for leave to file
petition for writ of mandamus is denied. Ex parte Fahey, 332 U. S.
258.
Mr. Justice Douglas took no part in the consideration or decision
of the cases in which judgments or orders are this day announced.
The Court will take a recess from Monday, January 16, until
Monday, February 6, next.

MONDAY, JANUARY 9, 1950
115
No. 60. Oscar L. Chapman, Department of Interior, petitioner,
v. Sheridan-Wyoming Coal Company, Inc. Argued by Mr. Roger
P. Marquis for the petitioner and by Mr. T. Peter Ansberry for the
respondent.
No. 107. Standard Oil Company, petitioner, v. Federal Trade
Commission. Argument commenced by Mr. Howard Ellis for the
petitioner and continued by Mr. William Simon for Empire State
Petroleum Association, Inc., et al., as amici curiae, by special leave of
Court.
Adjourned until tomorrow at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Tuesday, January 10, will be as follows: Nos. 107,
113 (and 114), 156 (and 163), 293, 302, and 337.
☑

TUESDAY, JANUARY 10, 1950
116
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: Mr. Chief Justice Vinson, Mr. Justice Black, Mr. Justice
Reed, Mr. Justice Frankfurter, Mr. Justice Jackson, Mr. Justice
Burton, Mr. Justice Clark, and Mr. Justice Minton.
William L. Weiss, of Saint Louis, Mo.; Irwin N. Wilpon, of Brook-
lyn, N. Y.; Giles Morrow, of Washington, D. C.; and Roger Paul
Peters, of Notre Dame, Ind., were admitted to practice.
No. 107. Standard Oil Company, petitioner, v. Federal Trade
Commission. Argument continued by Mr. James W. Cassedy for
the respondent; by Mr. Cyrus Austin for Retail Gasoline Dealers
Association of Michigan, Inc., et al., as amici curiae, by special leave
of Court, and concluded by Mr. Howard Ellis for petitioner.
No. 113. The United States of America and Interstate Commerce
Commission, appellants, v. Pacific Coast Wholesalers' Association et
al.; and
No. 114. Freight Forwarders Institute, appellant, v. Pacific Coast
Wholesalers' Association et al. Argued by Mr. J. Roger Wollenberg
for appellants in No. 113 and by Mr. Harry C. Ames for appellant in
No. 114. The Court declined to hear further argument.
No. 156. The United States, petitioner, v. Commodities Trading
Corporation et al.; and
No. 163. Commodities Trading Corporation et al., petitioners, v.
The United States. Argument commenced by Mr. Edward L. Black-
man for the Commodities Trading Corporation et al., and continued
by Mr. Oscar H. Davis for the United States.
Adjourned until tomorrow at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Wednesday, January 11, will be as follows: Nos.
156 (and 163), 293, 302, and 337.
☑
850087-50-38

WEDNESDAY, JANUARY 11, 1950
117
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: Mr. Chief Justice Vinson, Mr. Justice Black, Mr. Justice
Reed, Mr. Justice Frankfurter, Mr. Justice Jackson, Mr. Justice
Burton, Mr. Justice Clark, and Mr. Justice Minton.
Herman Lazarus, of Bethesda, Md.; Carl M. Gould, of Los Angeles,
Calif.; Frank C. Lyons, of Cleveland, Ohio; Hercules V. Galie, of
Alexandria, Va.; Arthur J. Goldsmith, of New York City; Jerold B.
Sindler, of Bishopville, S. C.; and James J. Waters, of Kansas City,
Mo., were admitted to practice.
No. 156. The United States, petitioner, v. Commodities Trading
Corporation et al.; and
No. 163. Commodities Trading Corporation et al., petitioners, v.
The United States. Argument continued by Mr. Oscar H. Davis for
the United States and concluded by Mr. Edward L. Blackman for the
Commodities Trading Corporation et al.
No. 293. The United States of America, petitioner, v. Albert J.
Rabinowitz. Argued by Mr. Solicitor General Perlman for the peti-
tioner and by Mr. Abraham Lillienthal for the respondent.
No. 302. District of Columbia, petitioner, v. Geraldine Little, alias
Mildred Parker. Argument commenced by Mr. Chester H. Gray for
the petitioner.
Adjourned until tomorrow at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Thursday, January 12, will be as follows: Nos. 302
and 337.
☑
850087-50-39

THURSDAY, JANUARY 12, 1950
118
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: Mr. Chief Justice Vinson, Mr. Justice Black, Mr. Justice
Reed, Mr. Justice Frankfurter, Mr. Justice Jackson, Mr. Justice
Burton, Mr. Justice Clark, and Mr. Justice Minton.
Homer Thornberry, of Austin, Tex.; Dailey S. Stafford, of Los
Angeles, Calif.; and Leo A. Diamond, of New York City, were ad-
mitted to practice.
No. 302. District of Columbia, petitioner, v. Geraldine Little, alias
Mildred Parker. Argument continued by Mr. Chester H. Gray for
the petitioner; by Miss Anne X. Alpern for the National Institute of
Municipal Law Officers, as amicus curiae, by special leave of Court;
and concluded by Mr. Jeff Busby for the respondent.
Adjourned until Monday, January 16, next.
850087-50-40

MONDAY, JANUARY 16, 1950
119
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: Mr. Chief Justice Vinson, Mr. Justice Black, Mr. Justice
Reed, Mr. Justice Frankfurter, Mr. Justice Jackson, Mr. Justice
Burton, Mr. Justice Clark, and Mr. Justice Minton.
Louis P. Miller, of Chicago, Ill.; James E. Hale, of Columbus,
Ohio; John I. Pierce, of Richmond, Calif.; Albert B. Monaco, of
Pittsburgh, Pa.; Fentress Bracewell, of Houston, Tex.; Francis X.
Ward, of Indianapolis, Ind.; Paul Cooper Akin, of Los Angeles,
Calif.; William E. Torkelson, of Madison, Wis.; Wayt B. Timberlake,
Jr., of Staunton, Va.; Israel Packel, of Philadelphia, Pa.; S. L.
Wright, of Dallas, Tex.; and Moses M. Falk, of New York City, were
admitted to practice.
No. 54. The United States of America, ex rel. Ellen Knauff, peti-
tioner, v. Edward J. Shaughnessy, Acting District Director of Immi-
gration and Naturalization Service. On writ of certiorari to the
United States Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit. Judgment
affirmed and case remanded to the United States District Court for
the Southern District of New York. Opinion by Mr. Justice Minton.
Dissenting opinion by Mr. Justice Jackson in which Mr. Justice Black
and Mr. Justice Frankfurter join. Dissenting opinion by Mr. Justice
Frankfurter. Mr. Justice Douglas and Mr. Justice Clark took no
part in the consideration or decision of this case.
No. 178. J. Baker Bryan, Sr., petitioner, v. The United States of
America. On writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Ap-
peals for the Fifth Circuit. Judgment of the Court of Appeals
affirmed and case remanded to the United States District Court for
the Southern District of Florida. Opinion by Mr. Justice Minton.
Mr. Justice Black and Mr. Justice Reed would affirm with a modifi-
cation of the judgment to remand to the District Court to decide
whether a judgment of acquittal should be entered or a new trial
ordered. Mr. Justice Douglas took no part in the consideration or
decision of this case.
No. 3. The United States of America, ex rel. Richard Eichenlaub,
petitioner, v. Edward J. Shaughnessy, Acting District Director of
Immigration and Naturalization, etc.; and
No. 82. The United States of America, ex rel. Otto A. Willumeit,
petitioner, v. Edward J. Shaughnessy, Acting District Director of
Immigration and Naturalization Service. On writs of certiorari to
850087-50-41

MONDAY, JANUARY 16, 1950
120
the United States Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit. Judg-
ment of the Court of Appeals in each case affirmed and cases re-
manded to the United States District Court for the Southern District
of New York. Opinion by Mr. Justice Burton. Dissenting opinion
by Mr. Justice Frankfurter in which Mr. Justice Black and Mr.
Justice Jackson join. Mr. Justice Douglas and Mr. Justice Clark
took no part in the consideration or decision of these cases.
No. 150. Albert G. Dickinson, petitioner, v. Petroleum Conversion
Corporation. On writ of certiorari to the United States Court of
Appeals for the Second Circuit. Judgment denying motion to dismiss
appeal of Petroleum Conversion Corporation reversed with costs and
case remanded to the Court of Appeals for proceedings in conformity
with the opinion of this Court. Opinion by Mr. Justice Jackson.
Dissenting opinion by Mr. Justice Black. Mr. Justice Douglas took
no part in the consideration or decision of this case.
The Chief Justice announced the following orders of the Court:
No. 472. Betty Stoddard Horn et al., etc., appellants, v. City of
Chicago. Appeal from the Supreme Court of Illinois. Per curiam:
The motion to dismiss is granted and the appeal is dismissed for want
of jurisdiction. Title 28, United States Code, Sec. 1257 (2). Treat-
ing the papers whereon the appeal was allowed as a petition for writ
of certiorari as required by Title 28, United States Code, Sec. 2103,
certiorari is denied.
No. 176, Misc. Emory C. Burke, petitioner, v. State of Georgia.
On petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Georgia.
Per curiam: This is a petition for certiorari to review a decision of
the Supreme Court of Georgia affirming denial of a motion to set
aside a conviction made on the ground that into the conviction entered
perjured testimony knowingly used by the prosecution. 54 S. E. 2d
348. Assuming that this decision denies to petitioner any relief what-
ever in the State courts unless the requirements of § 110-706 of the
Georgia Code are satisfied, the petition for writ of certiorari is here-
with denied, without prejudice to petitioner to seek in the appropriate
United States District Court in Georgia whatever relief, if any, may
be required by Mooney v. Holohan, 294 U. S. 103.
The Chief Justice said:
"The other orders of the Court appear upon the list certified by
the Chief Justice and filed with the Clerk and will not be announced
orally."
No. 13, Original. The United States of America, plaintiff, v. State
of Texas. The motion for leave to file defendant's first amended

MONDAY, JANUARY 16, 1950
121
answer is granted. Mr. Justice Jackson and Mr. Justice Clark took
no part in the consideration or decision of this application. This.
case and No. 12, Original, The United States of America, plaintiff,
v. State of Louisiana, are reassigned for argument on Monday, March
13, next.
No. 419. Plankinton Packing Company, petitioner, v. Wisconsin
Employment Relations Board, et al. The motion of the Solicitor
General on behalf of the National Labor Relations Board for leave to
appear and present oral argument as amicus curiae is granted.
No. 539. Colonial Airlines, Inc., appellant, v. Russell B. Adams,
Joseph J. O'Connell, Jr., et al. Further consideration of the question
of the jurisdiction of this Court in this case is postponed to the hearing
of the case on the merits.
No. 455. Automatic Radio Manufacturing Company, Inc., peti-
titioner, v. Hazeltine Research, Inc. Petition for writ of certiorari to
the United States Court of Appeals for the First Circuit granted.
No. 426. International Brotherhood of Teamsters, Chauffeurs,
Warehousemen and Helpers of America, Local Union No. 390,
American Federation of Labor, et al., petitioners, v. J. Tom Watson,
Attorney General of the State of Florida, and Maule Industries, Inc.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Florida denied.
No. 466. S. H. Stevens, et al., copartners doing business under the
firm name and style of Sleet Shaver Mfg. Co., petitioners, v. Federal
Cartridge Corporation, a corporation doing business as Twin Cities
Ordnance Plant. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court
of Minnesota denied.
No. 471. Curtis Courant, petitioner, v. International Photogra-
phers of the Motion Picture Industry, Local 659, etc., et al. Peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for
the Ninth Circuit denied.
No. 477. Combined Metals Reduction Company, petitioner, v. Ne-
vada Half Moon Mining Company. Petition for writ of certiorari
to the United States Court of Appeals for the Tenth Circuit denied.
No. 12, Original. The United States of America, plaintiff, v. State
of Louisiana; and
No. 13, Original. The United States of America, plaintiff, v. State
of Texas. The petition of Agnes E. and Annie C. Lewis for rehearing
is denied. Mr. Justice Jackson and Mr. Justice Clark took no part
in the consideration or decision of this application.
No. 56. Sarah O'Donnell, Administratrix of the Estate of William
O'Donnell, deceased, petitioner, v. Elgin, Joliet and Eastern Railway
Company. The petition for rehearing is denied. Mr. Justice Frank-
furter and Mr. Justice Minton took no part in the consideration or
decision of this application.

MONDAY, JANUARY 16, 1950
122
No. 430. The United States of America, on relation of James W.
Mobley, Relator, petitioner, v. General Thomas T. Handy, Command-
ing Officer, Fort Sam Houston;
No. 447. Land O'Lakes Dairy Company, appellant, v. County of
Wadena and State of Minnesota; and
No. 205, Misc. Dexter C. Dayton, petitioner, v. Walter A. Hunter,
Warden. The petitions for rehearing in these cases are severally
denied.
No. 180, Misc. Samuel D. Collins, petitioner, v. The United States
of America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court
of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit, denied.
No. 223, Misc. Jack Lester Chapman, petitioner, v. People of the
State of California. Petition for writ of certiorari to the District
Court of Appeal, First Appellate District of California, denied.
No. 224, Misc. Angelo de Luca, petitioner, v. Atlantic Refining
Company. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court
of Appeals for the Second Circuit, denied.
No. 237, Misc. Earl Hardgrave, petitioner, v. Joseph E. Ragen,
Warden. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Criminal Court of
Cook County, Illinios, denied.
No. 266, Misc. Fred H. Putnam, petitioner, v. Joseph E. Ragen,
Warden. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of
Will County, Illinois, denied.
No. 269, Misc. Edward O. Saxton, petitioner, v. Joseph E. Ragen,
Warden. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of
Illinois, Circuit Court of Will County, Illinois, and Circuit Court of
Kane County, Illinois, denied.
No. 270, Misc. Joseph Bernovich, petitioner, v. People of the State
of Illinois. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of
Illinois, denied.
No. 272, Misc. Cecil Swain, petitioner, v. Clinton T. Duffy,
Warden. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of
California denied.
No. 277, Misc. Louis Berman, petitioner, v. Edwin T. Swenson,
Warden. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court
of Appeals for the Fourth Circuit denied.
No. 280, Misc. Paul Peters, petitioner, v. Joseph E. Ragen, Warden.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the Seventh Circuit denied.
No. 283, Misc. Dorsey Edmondson, petitioner, v. Dr. Leroy Wright,
Warden. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court
of Appeals for the Fourth Circuit denied.

MONDAY, JANUARY 16, 1950
123
No. 286, Misc. Robert DeWeese, petitioner, v. Joseph E. Ragen,
Warden. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of
Illinois, Circuit Court of Will County, Illinois, and Circuit Court of
Rock Island County, Illinois, denied.
No. 288, Misc. Robert Taylor, petitioner, v. Joseph E. Ragen,
Warden. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Criminal Court of
Cook County, Illinois, denied.
No. 252, Misc. Ivan Willis, petitioner, v. Joseph E. Ragen, Warden.
On petition for writ of certiorari to the Criminal Court of Cook
County, Illinois; and
No. 281, Misc. Willie G. Scott, petitioner, v. Browning Robinson,
Warden. On petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of
Marion County, Illinois. The petition for writ of certiorari in each
of these cases is denied without consideration of the questions raised
therein and without prejudice to the institution by petitioner of pro-
ceedings in any Illinois state court of competent jurisdiction under
the Act of August 4, 1949, entitled: "An Act to provide a remedy for
persons convicted and imprisoned in the penitentiary, who assert that
rights guaranteed them by the Constitution of the United States or the
State of Illinois, or both, have been denied or violated, in proceedings
in which they were convicted."
No. 287, Misc. William Walter Avelino, petitioner, v. Robert A.
Heinze, Warden. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court
of California denied. The motion for leave to file petition for writ of
habeas corpus is also denied.
No. 271, Misc. Allen Eason, petitioner, v. H. E. Moore, Warden.
The motion for leave to file petition for writ of habeas corpus is denied.
No. 292, Misc. Leroy M. Simonson, petitioner, v. C. A. Robbins,
Governor of Idaho, et al.;
No. 293, Misc. Scott W. Lantz, petitioner, v. T. Blake Kennedy,
etc.; and
No. 295, Misc. Judith Coplon, petitioner, v. Honorable Albert L.
Reeves et al. The motions for leave to file petitions for writs of man-
damus are severally denied.
Mr. Justice Douglas took no part in the consideration or decision of
the cases in which judgments or orders are this day announced.
Adjourned until Monday, February 6, next, at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Monday, February 6, will be as follows: Nos. 33,
359, 373, 378, 384, 403, 391, 438, 449, and 309.
☑

MONDAY, FEBRUARY 6, 1950
124
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: Mr. Chief Justice Vinson, Mr. Justice Black, Mr. Justice
Reed, Mr. Justice Frankfurter, Mr. Justice Jackson, Mr. Justice
Burton, Mr. Justice Clark, and Mr. Justice Minton.
Donald Edward Van Koughnet, of Washington, D. C.; Oliver Ains-
worth Seaver, of Atlanta, Ga.; Don Eva, of Portland, Oreg.; Robt.
H. Hare, of Saluda, S. C.; Ernest M. Causey, of Terre Haute, Ind.;
John Wilson Ellis, of Atlanta, Ga.; Malcolm W. Monroe, of New
Orleans, La.; Robert Marr, of Atlanta, Ga.; Hans G. Hoffmeister, of
San Jose, Calif.; Robert J. McPeak, of Terre Haute, Ind.; Elizabeth
Ridnour Haak, of New Orleans, La.; M. Truman Woodward, Jr., of
New Orleans, La.; Wayne L. Benedict, of Washington, D. C.; John
J. Dillon, of Chicago, Ill.; Merton E. Munson, of Lawton, Okla.;
Noel Dyer, of San Francisco, Calif.; Steve Anderson, of Salem, Oreg.;
Chas. A. Haskell, of Denver, Colo.; Arthur Cohen Katims, of Wash-
ington, D. C.; and George Hornecker, of Kansas City, Mo., were
admitted to practice.
No. 217. The United States of America, petitioner, v. Alexander
Lawrence Alpers. On writ of certiorari to the United States Court
of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit. Judgment of the Court of Appeals
reversed and judgment of the District Court affirmed and case re-
manded to the United States District Court for the Northern District
of California. Opinion by Mr. Jusice Minton. Dissenting opinion by
Mr. Justice Black in which Mr. Justice Frankfurter and Mr. Justice
Jackson concur. Mr. Justice Douglas took no part in the considera-
tion or decision of this case.
No. 119. Louise M. Wissner and Leandous H. Wissner, appellants,
v. Margaret Wissner. Appeal from the District Court of Appeal,
Third Appellate District, State of California. Judgment reversed
with costs and case remanded to said District Court of Appeal for
proceedings not inconsistent with the opinion of this Court. Opinion
by Mr. Justice Clark. Dissenting opinion by Mr. Justice Minton in
which Mr. Justice Frankfurter and Mr. Justice Jackson join. Mr.
Justice Douglas took no part in the consideration or decision of this
case.
850087-50-42

MONDAY, FEBRUARY 6, 1950
125
No. 147. New Jersey Realty Title Insurance Company, appellant,
v. Division of Tax Appeals in the Department of Taxation and Fi-
nance of the State of New Jersey and the City of Newark. Appeal
from the Supreme Court of the State of New Jersey. Judgment
reversed with costs and case remanded to said Supreme Court for
proceedings not inconsistent with the opinion of this Court. Opinion
by Mr. Justice Clark. Dissenting opinion by Mr. Justice Black. Mr.
Justice Douglas took no part in the consideration or decision of this
case.
No. 60. Oscar L. Chapman, Department of Interior, petitioner, v.
Sheridan-Wyoming Coal Company, Inc. On writ of certiorari to
the United States Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia
Circuit. Judgment of the Court of Appeals reversed and case re-
manded to the United States District Court for the District of Colum-
bia for proceedings in conformity with the opinion of this Court.
Opinion by Mr. Justice Jackson. Mr. Justice Douglas took no part
in the consideration or decision of this case.
No. 273. The United States of America, petitioner, v. Morton Salt
Company; and
No. 274. The United States of America, petitioner, v. International
Salt Company. On writs of certiorari to the United States Court of
Appeals for the Seventh Circuit. Judgments reversed and cases re-
manded to the United States District Court for the Northern District
of Illinois for further proceedings in conformity with the opinion of
this Court. Opinion by Mr. Justice Jackson. Mr. Justice Douglas
and Mr. Justice Minton took no part in the consideration or decision
of these cases.
No. 27. Secretary of Agriculture, petitioner, v. Central Roig Re-
fining Company, Western Sugar Refining Company, et al.;
No. 30. Porto Rican American Sugar Refinery, Inc., petitioner, v.
Central Roig Refining Company and Western Sugar Refining Com-
pany; and
No. 32. The Government of Puerto Rico, petitioner, v. The Secre-
tary of Agriculture, Porto Rican American Sugar Refinery, Inc., et
al. On writs of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for
the District of Columbia Circuit. Judgment under review in Nos.
27 and 30 reversed and cases remanded to the Court of Appeals for
proceedings in conformity with the opinion of this Court. Writ of
certiorari in No. 32 dismissed. Opinion by Mr. Justice Frankfurter.
Dissenting: Mr. Justice Black. Mr. Justice Douglas took no part in
the consideration or decision of these cases.
No. 83. Regents of the University System of Georgia, petitioner,
v. W. E. Carroll, Clarence H. Calhoun, Mrs. Hattie J. Packard, et al.
On writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals of the State of Georgia.

MONDAY, FEBRUARY 6, 1950
126
Judgment affirmed with costs. Opinion by Mr. Justice Reed. Mr.
Justice Black and Mr. Justice Douglas took no part in the considera-
tion or decision of this case.
No. 157. Civil Aeronautics Board, petitioner, v. State Airlines,
Inc.;
No. 158. State Airlines, Inc., petitioner, v. Civil Aeronautics Board
and Piedmont Aviation, Inc.; and
No. 159. Piedmont Aviation, Inc., petitioner, v. State Airlines,
Inc. On writs of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the District of Columbia Circuit. Judgment reversed in Nos. 157
and 159 and cases remanded to the Court of Appeals for proceedings
in conformity with the opinion of this Court. Writ of certiorari in
No. 158 dismissed. In No. 159 Piedmont Aviation, Inc., is to recover
its cost in this Court from State Airlines, Inc. Opinion by Mr. Jus-
tice Black. Dissenting opinion by Mr. Justice Reed in which Mr. Jus-
tice Frankfurter joins. Mr. Justice Douglas took no part in the
consideration or decision of these cases.
No. 70. John E. Manning, as Collector of Internal Revenue for the
Fifth District of New York, petitioner, v. Seeley Tube and Box Com-
pany, a Corporation of the State of New Jersey. On writ of cer-
tiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the Third Circuit.
Judgment of the Court of Appeals reversed with costs and judgment
of the District Court affirmed, and case remanded to the United States
District Court for the District of New Jersey. Opinion by Mr. Chief
Justice Vinson. Mr. Justice Douglas took no part in the considera-
tion or decision of this case.
No. 113. The United States of America and Interstate Commerce
Commission, appellants, v. Pacific Coast Wholesalers' Association
et al.; and
No. 114. Freight Forwarders Institute, appellant, v. Pacific Coast
Wholesalers' Association et al. Appeals from the United States Dis-
trict Court for the Southern District of California. Decree affirmed.
Opinion per curiam, announced by Mr. Chief Justice Vinson. Mr.
Justice Douglas took part in the consideration or decision of these
cases.
The Chief Justice announced the following orders of the Court:
No. 497. Aubrey B. Burton, doing business as A. B. Burton Com-
pany, appellant, v. The United States of America and Interstate
Commerce Commission. Appeal from the United States District
Court for the Western District of Virginia. Per curiam: The motion
to affirm is granted and the judgment is affirmed.

MONDAY, FEBRUARY 6, 1950
127
No. 502. Delaware, Lackawanna and Western Railroad Company,
appellant, v. The Division of Tax Appeals, New Jersey State Depart-
ment of Taxation, and the City of Jersey City; and
No. 503. The Central Railroad Company of New Jersey, appel-
lant, v. The Division of Tax Appeals, New Jersey State Department
of Taxation, and the City of Jersey City. Appeals from the Supreme
Court of the State of New Jersey. Per curiam: The motions to dis-
miss are granted and the appeals are dismissed. Greyhound Lines v.
Mealey, 334 U. S. 653.
The Chief Justice said:
"The orders of the Court appear upon the list certified by the Chief
Justice and filed with the Clerk and will not be announced orally."
No. 33. Charles Quicksall, petitioner, v. People of the State of
Michigan. The motion of respondent for leave to file supplement
to the record is granted.
No. 44. Heman Marion Sweatt, petitioner, v. Theophilis Shickel
Painter et al. The motion of Southern Conference Educational Fund,
Inc., for leave to file brief as amicus curiae is denied.
No. 438. Order of Railway Conductors of America, an Unincor-
porated Association, petitioner, v. Southern Railway Company, a cor-
poration organized and existing under the laws of the State of
Virginia. The motion of Railway Labor Executives' Association for
leave to file brief as amicus curiae is denied.
No. 460. Jiffy Lubricator Company, Inc., petitioner, v. Stewart-
Warner Corporation. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court
of Appeals for the Fourth Circuit denied.
No. 463. Fred Urbuteit, claimant of 16 articles of device, more or
less, labeled "Sinuothermic", petitioner, v. The United States of
America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals for
the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 468. Wirt A. Warren, petitioner, v. The United States of
America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals for
the Tenth Circuit denied.
No. 470. Alvin E. Sandroff and Thomas Paper Stock Company,
petitioners, v. The United States of America. Petition for writ of
certiorari to the Court of Appeals for the Sixth Circuit denied.
No. 475. Capital Transit Company, petitioner, v. Maude J. Under-
wood. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals for the
District of Columbia Circuit denied.
No. 476. Chicago Sugar Company, petitioner, v. The American
Sugar Refining Company. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court
of Appeals for the Seventh Circuit denied.
B

MONDAY, FEBRUARY 6, 1950
128
No. 478. Consumers Petroleum Company, petitioner, v. Consumers
Company; and
No. 479. Consumers Petroleum Company, petitioner, v. Consumers
Company. Petition for writs of certiorari to the Court of Appeals
for the Seventh Circuit denied.
No. 480. Victor H. Mulling, Junior Judge of the Municipal Court
of Savannah, et al., petitioners, v. J. P. Houlihan et al. Petition for
writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Georgia denied.
No. 481. Walter Gustav Bejeuhr, petitioner, v. Edward J. Shaugh-
nessy, District Director, United States Immigration and Naturaliza-
tion Service at New York. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court
of Appeals for the Second Circuit denied.
No. 486. Robertson Rock Bit Company, Inc., et al., petitioners, v.
Hughes Tool Company. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court
of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 487. Amos L. Taylor, executor under the will of Jesse P.
Lyman, petitioner, v. The United States of America. Petition for
writ of certiorari to the Probate Court of Middlesex County, Massa-
chusetts, denied.
No. 491. Commissioner of Internal Revenue, petitioner, v. Loraine
T. Rickenberg, Executrix of the Estate of Edwin W. Rickenberg,
deceased. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals for
the Ninth Circuit denied.
No. 507. Dawson County, Montana, and Prairie County, Montana,
petitioners, v. Mary Hagan, E. B. Clark, Minnie R. Evans, The United
States of America, et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court
of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit denied.
No. 519. Vivian Cowgill Menees, petitioner, v. Lillian Cowgill et
al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Missouri
denied.
No. 533. The Lincoln Electric Company, petitioner, v. Commis-
sioner of Internal Revenue. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
Court of Appeals for the Sixth Circuit denied.
No. 467. Edward Halle, as Executor of the Estate of Louis Halle,
deceased, petitioner, v. Commissioner of Internal Revenue. The mo-
tion to dispense with printing exhibits is granted. The petition for
writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit is
denied.
No. 484. Margaret Arnold et al., petitioners, v. Thomas P. Mc-
Auliffe et al. The motion to dispense with printing the record is
granted. The petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court
of Oklahoma is denied.
850087-50--43

MONDAY, FEBRUARY 6, 1950
129
No. 358. J. S. Casselman et al., petitioners, v. State of Idaho;
No. 44, Misc. Dell Texas Dalton, petitioner, v. Walter A. Hunter,
Warden;
No. 228, Misc. Bernard M. Shotkin, petitioner, v. W. F. Perkins,
et al., and
No. 240, Misc. Bernard M. Shotkin, etc., petitioner, v. W. F.
Perkins; and
No. 254, Misc. Henry Schectman, petitioner, v. John F. Foster,
Warden. The petitions for rehearing in these cases are severally
denied.
No. 539, Misc., October Term, 1948. Daisy D. Wilson, petitioner, v.
Ralph S. Hinman et al. The second petition for rehearing is denied.
No. 90, Misc. Casper Crowe, petitioner, v. The United States of
America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals for
the Fourth Circuit denied.
No. 143, Misc. Edward R. Wight, petitioner, v. The United States
of America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals
for the Second Circuit denied.
No. 153, Misc. John E. Dorsey, petitioner, v. The United States of
America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals
for the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 241, Misc. Owen Caudle Butner, petitioner, v. State of Nevada.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Nevada denied.
No. 255, Misc. Sam Thompson, petitioner, v. Browning Robinson,
Warden. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of
Randolph County, Illinois, denied.
No. 267, Misc. James Trembois, petitioner, v. Standard Railway
Equipment Manufacturing Company. Petition for writ of certiorari
to the Appellate Court for the First District of Illinois denied.
No. 282, Misc. Harice Leroy Carter, petitioner, v. People of the
State of Illinois. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court
of Illinois denied.
No. 284, Misc. James D. Cameron, petitioner, v. John Shahedy
et al.;
No. 285, Misc. James D. Cameron et al., petitioners, v. John Sha-
hedy et al.; and
No. 303, Misc. James D. Cameron, petitioner, v. John Shahedy
et al. Petition for writs of certiorari to the Court of Appeals for
the Third Circuit denied.
No. 296, Misc. Erling J. Elgesen, petitioner, v. John R. Cranor,
Superintendent. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court
of Washington denied.

MONDAY, FEBRUARY 6, 1950
130
No. 297, Misc. Clifford Bramble, petitioner, v. Robert A. Heinze,
Warden, et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court
of California denied.
No. 298, Misc. Max Lowenstein, petitioner, v. The People of the
State of Michigan. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme
Court of Michigan denied.
No. 299, Misc. George H. Smith, petitioner, v. People of the State
of Michigan. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circiut Court
of Chippewa County, Michigan, denied.
No. 300, Misc. Gerald D. Sherrow, petitioner, v. Robert A. Heinze,
Warden, et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court
of California denied.
No. 304, Misc. Ralph Cabrera, petitioner, v. C. J. Burke, Warden.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Pennsylvania
denied.
No. 306, Misc. M. L. Geisel, petitioner, v. Stanley P. Ashe, Warden.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Pennsylvania
denied.
No. 308, Misc. Leo Coniglio, petitioner, v. State of New York. Pe-
tition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals of New York
denied.
No. 316, Misc. John O. Story, petitioner, v. C. P. Burford, Warden.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals for the Tenth
Circuit denied.
No. 318, Misc. James Dailey, petitioner, v. Joseph E. Ragen,
Warden. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Criminal Court of
Cook County, Illinois, denied.
No. 319, Misc. Climmie Mathis, petitioner, v. Joseph E. Ragen,
Warden. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of
Illinois denied.
No. 321, Misc. Ed J. Farrant, petitioner, v. State of Iowa. Peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Iowa denied.
No. 322, Misc. Charley Howard, petitioner, v. Supreme Court of
Indiana. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of
Indiana denied.
No. 326, Misc. George W. Balles, Jr., petitioner, v. C. J. Burke,
Warden. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of
Pennsylvania denied.
No. 327, Misc. Ronald James Sadness, petitioner, v. State of New
York. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals of
New York denied.

MONDAY, FEBRUARY 6, 1950
131
No. 345, Misc. Julio Ramirez Perez, petitioner, v. The People of
the State of New York. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court
of Appeals of New York denied. Mr. Justice Black is of the opinion
certiorari should be granted.
No. 106, Misc. Norman J. Griffin, petitioner, v. The United States
of America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals
for the Third Circuit denied. Mr. Justice Clark took no part in the
consideration or decision of this application.
No. 247, Misc. Bernard G. McGuire, petitioner, v. The United
States of America. The motion for leave to file petition for writ
of certiorari is denied.
No. 314, Misc. Dwight L. Becker, petitioner, v. Hon. Luther M.
Swygert, District Judge. The motion for leave to file petition for
writ of mandamus is denied.
Mr. Justice Douglas took no part in the consideration or decision
of the cases in which judgments or orders are this day announced.
No. 539. Colonial Airlines, Inc., appellant, v. Russell B. Adams,
Joseph J. O'Connell, Jr., et al. Appeal from the United States
District Court for the District of Columbia. Dismissed on motion
of counsel for the appellant.
No. 571. Clifford Dwane Helm, petitioner, v. State of Nevada. It
is ordered that the time for making service of petition for certiorari,
brief, and record be, and the same is hereby, extended to a date which
is not later than ten days after the giving of notice by the Clerk of
this Court to counsel for the petitioner that the printed record in this
case has been delivered to such Clerk.
No. 581. American President Lines, Ltd., petitioner, v. James M.
Agnew et al.;
No. 582. American President Lines, Ltd., petitioner, v. John W.
Griffin et al.; and
No. 583. American President Lines, Ltd., petitioner, v. Augustus
Federer et al. It is ordered that the time for making service of
petition for certiorari, brief, and record be, and the same is hereby,
extended to a date which is not later than ten days after the giving
of notice by the Clerk of this Court to counsel for the petitioners
that the printed record in these cases has been delivered to such
Clerk.
No. 33. Charles Quicksall, petitioner, v. People of the State of
Michigan. Argued by Mr. Isadore Levin for the petitioner and Mr.
Edmund E. Shepherd for the respondent.

MONDAY, FEBRUARY 6, 1950
132
No. 359. William H. Hiatt, Warden, petitioner, v. Eugene Preston
Brown. Argument commenced by Mr. Stanley M. Silverberg for the
petitioner and continued by Mr. Walter G. Cooper for the respondent.
Adjourned until tomorrow, at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Tuesday, February 7, 1950, will be as follows: Nos.
359, 373, 378, 384, 403, 391, 438, 449, 309, and 364.

TUESDAY, FEBRUARY 7, 1950
133
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: Mr. Chief Justice Vinson, Mr. Justice Black, Mr. Justice
Reed, Mr. Justice Frankfurter, Mr. Justice Burton, Mr. Justice Clark,
and Mr. Justice Minton.
Tudor Willis Hampton, of Great Bend, Kans., and Seward Robert
Blackburn, of Great Bend, Kans., were admitted to practice.
No. 345, Misc. Julio Ramirez Perez, petitioner, v. The People of the
State of New York. Stay of execution granted pending the consider-
ation and disposition of a petition for rehearing on application of
counsel for the petitioner.
No. 359. William H. Hiatt, Warden, petitioner, v. Eugene Preston
Brown. Argument concluded by Mr. Walter G. Cooper for the
respondent.
No. 373. Martin Ludwig Cohnstaedt, petitioner, v. Immigration
and Naturalization Service of the United States Department of Jus-
tice. Argued by Mr. Osmond K. Fraenkel for petitioner and by Mr.
L. Paul Winings for respondent. Leave granted petitioner to file
reply brief within one week.
No. 384. Commissioner of Internal Revenue, petitioner, v. Chris-
tian W. Korell. Argued by Mr. Arnold Raum for petitioner and by
Mr. Paul L. Peyton for respondent.
No. 403. Rudolf Reider, petitioner, v. Guy A. Thompson, Trustee,
Missouri Pacific Railroad Company, Debtor. Argued by Mr. Eber-
hard P. Deutsch for the petitioner and Mr. M. Truman Woodward, Jr.,
for the respondent.
Adjourned until tomorrow at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Wednesday, February 8, will be as follows: Nos.
378, 391, 438, 449, 309, 364, 419, 454, 173, and 337.
850087-50--44

WEDNESDAY, FEBRUARY 8, 1950
134
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: Mr. Chief Justice Vinson, Mr. Justice Black, Mr. Justice
Reed, Mr. Justice Frankfurter, Mr. Justice Jackson, Mr. Justice
Burton, Mr. Justice Clark, and Mr. Justice Minton.
Calmar Montgomery McCune, of Seattle, Wash.; J. Will Jones,
of Seattle, Wash.; and John Christoph Blucher Ehringhaus, Jr., of
Raleigh, N. C., were admitted to practice.
No. 378. Kenneth J. Mullane, as Special Guardian and Attorney,
etc., appellants, v. Central Hanover Bank and Trust Company, as
Trustee, etc., et al. Argued by Mr. Kenneth J. Mullane for the ap-
pellants and Mr. Albert B. Maginnes for the appellee, Central Han-
over Bank and Trust Co., and submitted by Mr. James N. Vaughan
for the appellee, James N. Vaughan, Guardian, etc.
No. 391. Marion J. Slocum, as General Chairman, Lackawanna
Division No. 30 of the Order of Railroad Telegraphers, petitioner, v.
The Delaware, Lackawanna and Western Railroad Company. Argued
by Mr. Leo J. Hassenauer and Mr. Manly Fleischmann for the peti-
tioner and Mr. Pierre W. Evans for the respondent.
No. 438. Order of Railway Conductors of America, an unincorpo-
rated Association, petitioner, v. Southern Railway Company, a cor-
poration organized and existing under the laws of the State of Vir-
ginia. Argument commenced by Mr. V. C. Shuttleworth for the
petitioner and continued by Mr. W. S. Macgill for the respondent.
Adjourned until tomorrow at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Thursday, February 9, will be as follows: Nos.
438, 449, 309, 364, 419, 454, 173, 337, and 428.
850087-50-45

THURSDAY, FEBRUARY 9, 1950
135
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: Mr. Chief Justice Vinson, Mr. Justice Black, Mr. Justice
Reed, Mr. Justice Frankfurter, Mr. Justice Jackson, Mr. Justice
Burton, Mr. Justice Clark, and Mr. Justice Minton.
Morgan Louis Amaimo, of Baltimore, Md.; Lawrence Crowell Mills,
of Chicago, Ill.; Richard S. Gibbs, of Milwaukee, Wis.; David Beznor,
of Milwaukee, Wis.; A. Abraham Ziedman, of Chicago, Ill.; L. Eldon
James, of Hampton, Va.; and C. Ellis Ott, of Bogalusa, La., were
admitted to practice.
No. 438. Order of Railway Conductors of America, an unincor-
porated association, petitioner, v. Southern Railway Company, a
corporation organized and existing under the laws of the State of
Virginia. Argument continued by Mr. W. S. Macgill for the respond-
ent and concluded by Mr. V. C. Shuttleworth for the petitioner.
No. 449. Building Service Employees International Union, Local
262, et al., petitioners, v. W. L. Gazzam. Argument commenced by
Mr. Daniel D. Carmell for the petitioners, continued by Mr. Alfred
J. Schweppe for the respondent; by Mr. Daniel D. Carmell for the
petitioners; and concluded by Mr. Walter F. Dodd for the petitioners.
No. 309. International Brotherhood of Teamsters, Chauffeurs,
Warehousemen, and Helpers Union, Local 309, et al., petitioners, v.
A. E. Hanke et al., copartners, doing business as Atlas Auto Rebuild.
Argued by Mr. Samuel B. Bassett for the petitioners and by Mr.
J. Will Jones for the respondents.
No. 364. Automobile Drivers and Demonstrators Local Union
No. 882, et al., petitioners, v. George E. Cline. Argument commenced
by Mr. Samuel B. Bassett for the petitioners.
Adjourned until tomorrow at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Friday, February 10, will be as follows: Nos. 364,
419, 454, 173, and 337.
☑
850087-50-46

FRIDAY, FEBRUARY 10, 1950
136
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: Mr. Chief Justice Vinson, Mr. Justice Black, Mr. Justice
Reed, Mr. Justice Frankfurter, Mr. Justice Jackson, Mr. Justice
Burton, Mr. Justice Clark, and Mr. Justice Minton.
Bernard M. Shanley, of Bernardsville, N. J.; Irwin Harold Stickler,
of Chicago, Ill.; Rankin M. Gibson, of Chevy Chase, Md.; Thomas
Spencer Earp, of South Boston, Va.; John H. Coffman, of Washing-
ton, D. C.; Gertrude M. Bauer, of Cleveland, Ohio; Saul S. Danaceau,
of Shaker Heights, Ohio; Charles G. Coster, of New York City; and
Timothy J. Murphy, of Boston, Mass, were admitted to practice.
No. 364. Automobile Drivers and Demonstrators Local Union
No. 882, et al., petitioners, v. George E. Cline. Argument continued
by Mr. C. M. McCune for the respondent and concluded by Mr. Samuel
B. Bassett for the petitioner.
No. 419. Plankinton Packing Company, petitioner, v. Wisconsin
Employment Relations Board et al. Argued by Mr. Richard S. Gibbs
for the petitioner; by Mr. Mozart G. Ratner for the National Labor
Relations Board, as amicus curiae, by special leave of Court; by Mrs.
Beatrice Lampert for the respondent, Wisconsin Employment Rela-
tions Board, and by Mr. David Benzor for the respondent William
Stokes, Employee.
Adjourned until Monday, February 13, at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Monday, February 13, will be as follows: Nos. 454,
173, and 337.
850087-50-47

MONDAY, FEBRUARY 13, 1950
137
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: Mr. Justice Black, Mr. Justice Reed, Mr. Justice Frank-
furter, Mr. Justice Jackson, Mr. Justice Burton, Mr. Justice Clark,
and Mr. Justice Minton.
Alan Bible, of Carson City, Nev.; Abram P. Piwosky, of Phil-
adelphia, Pa.; Adrian W. Maher, of Bridgeport, Conn.; James L.
Simonton, of Cody, Wyo.; G. Ernest Jones, Jr., of Birmingham, Ala.;
Jackson N. Townsend, Jr., of Dallas, Tex.; Edward Eugene Dorsey,
of Atlanta, Ga.; Charles Henry Sparrenberger, of Evansville, Ind.;
Leonard W. Lundin, of Rockford, Ill.; Robt. B. Troutman, of Atlanta,
Ga.; J. H. Landman, of New York City; Arvid E. Lyden, of Ambler,
Pa.; Harold L. Warner, of Ambler, Pa.; John D. Marsh, of Miami,
Fla.; Joseph F. Holland, of St. Louis, Mo.; Paul B. Cannon, of Salt
Lake City, Utah; and Edwin S. D. Butterfield, of Chicago, Ill., were
admitted to practice.
No. 45. The United States, petitioner, v. Helen W. Benedict and
Frank B. Smith, as Trustees, et al. On writ of certiorari to the Court
of Claims. Judgment reversed and case remanded to the Court of
Claims for proceedings in conformity with the opinion of this Court.
Opinion by Mr. Justice Burton. Dissenting: Mr. Justice Black and
Mr. Justice Jackson. Separate opinion by Mr. Justice Frankfurter.
Mr. Justice Douglas took no part in the consideration or decision of
this case.
Mr. Justice Black announced the following orders of the Court:
No. 419. Plankinton Packing Company, petitioner, v. Wisconsin
Employment Relations Board et al. On writ of certiorari to the
Supreme Court of Wisconsin. Per curiam: The judgment is re-
versed. Bethlehem Steel Co. v. New York State Labor Relations
Board, 330 U. S. 767; La Crosse Telephone Corp. v. Wisconsin Em-
ployment Relations Board, 336 U. S. 18.
No. 489. United States Smelting Refining and Mining Company
et al., petitioners, v. Emma Grace Lowe. On petition for writ of cer-
tiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit.
Per curiam: The petition for writ of certiorari is granted. The Court
850087-50- -48
S

MONDAY, FEBRUARY 13, 1950
138
is of the opinion that a new trial should be granted. Accordingly,
without expressing any opinion as to other questions presented, the
judgments of the Court of Appeals and the District Court are vacated
and the cause is remanded to the District Court with directions to
grant a new trial.
Mr. Justice Black said:
"The other orders of the Court appear upon the list filed with the
Clerk and will not be announced orally."
No. 482. Valentine Broadway Bowers, Jr., petitioner, v. The
United States of America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court
of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 483. John J. Casale, Inc., petitioner, v. The United States.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Claims denied.
No. 485. Rose W. Shain, petitioner, v. Mark Shain. Petition for
writ of certiorari to the Supreme Judicial Court of Massachusetts
denied.
No. 488. National Maritime Union of America, etc., et al., peti-
tioners, v. National Labor Relations Board. Petition for writ of
certiorari to the Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit denied.
No. 492. Missouri-Kansas-Texas Railroad Company, petitioner, v.
State of Oklahoma, ex rel. Commissioners of Land Office of the State
of Oklahoma et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of
Appeals for the Tenth Circuit denied.
No. 504. United States National Bank of Denver et al., petitioners,
v. Ruby Dickey Bartges. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
Supreme Court of Colorado denied.
No. 505. Transport, Trading and Terminal Corporation, peti-
tioner, v. Commissioner of Internal Revenue. Petition for writ of
certiorari to the Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit denied.
No. 508. O. O. Owens, petitioner, v. The United States of Amer-
ica. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals for the
Tenth Circuit denied.
No. 510. Chicago Transit Authority, petitioner, v. People of the
State of Illinois and John E. Sullivan, Liquidating Trustee, etc.; and
No. 511. Chicago Transit Authority, petitioner, v. People of the
State of Illinois and John E. Sullivan, Liquidating Trustee, etc.
Petition for writs of certiorari to the Court of Appeals for the Seventh
Circuit denied.

MONDAY, FEBRUARY 13, 1950
139
No. 515. Atlantic Coast Line Railroad Company et al., petitioners,
v. G. B. Jennings, Administratrix of the Estate of Luther W. Carter.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of South Carolina
denied.
No. 518. Edward G. Dougherty, petitioner, v. General Motors Cor-
poration, etc. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals
for the Third Circuit denied.
No. 535. Harris Henry Horner, petitioner, v. The United States.
The motion to dispense with printing the record is granted. The
petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Claims is denied.
No. 178. J. Baker Bryan, Sr., petitioner, v. The United States of
America;
No. 474. Walter N. Smith et al., petitioners, v. Hon. William
O'Dwyer, Mayor of the City of New York, et al.;
No. 260, Misc. Wallace Phillips, petitioner, v. Joseph E. Ragen,
Warden; and
No. 295, Misc. Judith Coplon, petitioner, v. Hon. Albert L. Reeves
et al. The petitions for rehearing in these cases are severally denied.
No. 47, Misc. Elijah Townsend, petitioner, v. State of Kansas. Pe-
tition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Kansas denied.
No. 125, Misc. Jay Paul Shelton, petitioner, v. Curtis Reed, Resi-
dent Superintendent, District of Columbia Jail. Petition for writ
of certiorari to the Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia
Circuit denied.
No. 279, Misc. Thomas Edwin Black, petitioner, v. State of Arkan-
sas. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Arkansas
denied.
No. 301, Misc. Fred Tate, petitioner, v. Robert A. Heinze, Warden.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of California
denied.
Mr. Justice Douglas took no part in the consideration or decision
of the cases in which judgments or orders are this day announced.
The Court will take a recess from Monday, February 20, until
Monday, March 13, next.

MONDAY, FEBRUARY 13, 1950
140
No. 119. Louise M. Wissner and Leandous H. Wissner, appellants,
v. Margaret Wissner. Time within which to file petition for rehear-
ing extended to March 3, 1950, on motion of counsel for appellee.
No. 454. Georgia Railroad and Banking Company, appellant, v.
Charles D. Redwine, State Revenue Commissioner. Argued by Mr.
Furman Smith for the appellant and Mr. M. H. Blackshear, Jr., for
the appellee.
No. 173. The United States of America and Interstate Commerce
Commission, appellants, v. United States Smelting Refining and
Mining Company et al. Four hours allowed for oral argument.
Argument commenced by Mr. Allen Crenshaw for the appellant The
Interstate Commerce Commission; and continued by Mr. John F.
Finerty for the appellee American Smelting and Refining Company;
and by Mr. Otis J. Gibson for the appellee Denver & Rio Grande
Western Railroad Company.
Adjourned until tomorrow at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Tuesday, February 14, will be as follows: Nos. 173
and 337.

TUESDAY, FEBRUARY 14, 1950
141
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: Mr. Justice Black, Mr. Justice Reed, Mr. Justice Frank-
furter, Mr. Justice Jackson, Mr. Justice Burton, Mr. Justice Clark,
and Mr. Justice Minton.
James Francis Coakley, of Oakland, Calif.; William Roderick
McDougall, of Sacramento, Calif.; Harry J. Bozof, of Washington,
D. C.; Thomas B. Phillips, of Kansas City, Mo.; Patrick J. Gilmore,
Jr., of Juneau, Alaska; Henry L. Hess, of Portland, Oreg.; Harvey
Erickson, of Spokane, Wash.; Philip B. Billings, of Wallingford,
Conn.; and Harold A. Jones, of Pasadena, Calif., were admitted to
practice.
No. 173. The United States of America and Interstate Commerce
Commission, appellants, v. United States Smelting Refining and Min-
ing Company et al. Argument continued by Mr. Elmer B. Collins
for the appellee, Union Pacific Railroad Co.; by Mr. Charles A.
Horsky for the appellee, United States Smelting Refining and Mining
Co.; by Mr. Allen Crenshaw for appellant, Interstate Commerce Com-
mission; and concluded by Mr. Joseph W. Bishop, Jr., for appellant,
The United States, and case submitted by Mr. Stanley T. Wallbank
for Intervenor, Colorado Mining Association; by Mr. S. J. Quinney
for Intervenor, Utah Mining Association; and by Mr. Clinton D.
Vernon for Intervenor, Public Service Commission of Utah and State
of Utah.
No. 337. Railway Labor Executives' Association, appellant, v. The
United States of America, Interstate Commerce Commission, City of
New Orleans, Louisiana, et al. Argued by Mr. Edward J. Hickey,
Jr., for appellant; by Mr. Daniel W. Knowlton for appellee, Interstate
Commerce Commission; by Mr. W. S. Macgill for appellees, Railroad
Intervenors; and case submitted by Mr. Solicitor General Perlman,
Mr. Herbert A. Bergson, Mr. Robert L. Stern and Mr. Richard E.
Guggenheim for appellee, The United States.
Adjourned until Monday, February 20, next, at 12 o'clock.
Х
850087-50-49

MONDAY, FEBRUARY 20, 1950
142
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: Mr. Chief Justice Vinson, Mr. Justice Black, Mr. Justice
Reed, Mr. Justice Frankfurter, Mr. Justice Jackson, Mr. Justice Bur-
ton, Mr. Justice Clark, and Mr. Justice Minton.
Max A. Denney, of Fairbury, Nebr.; J. Moore Mars, of Abbeville,
S. C.; Frederick C. Belen, of Lansing, Mich.; Charles A. Barnard, of
Oshkosh, Wis.; Lytle O. Cooke, of Neenah, Wis.; Frank J. Kelly, of
Miami, Fla.; William W. Mundy, Jr., of Cedartown, Ga.; Howard
Warren Rea, of Washington, D. C.; Chauncey P. Carter, Jr., of
Washington, D. C.; Lloyd M. Bentsen, Jr., of McAllen, Tex.; James
K. Seery, of New York City; Adelbert G. Straub, Jr., of New York
City; John F. Mulvey, of New York City; Albert Lyman Beardsley,
of Minneapolis, Minn.; Jack K. Berman, of San Francisco, Calif.;
Louis F. Oberdorfer, of Washington, D. C.; William H. Waldrop, Jr.,
of New York City; Henry C. Vosbein, of New Orleans, La.; J. Terry
Reynolds, Jr., of Mobile, Ala.; Raymond A. Hepner, of Pensacola,
Fla.; Jule E. Stocker, of New York City; and Henry J. Bender, Jr.,
of Union City, N. J., were admitted to practice.
No. 293. The United States of America, petitioner, v. Albert J.
Rabinowitz. On writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Ap-
peals for the Second Circuit. Judgment of the Court of Appeals re-
versed and case remanded to the United States District Court for the
Southern District of New York for proceedings in conformity with
the opinion of this Court. Opinion by Mr. Justice Minton. Dissent-
ing opinion by Mr. Justice Black. Dissenting opinion by Mr. Justice
Frankfurter in which Mr. Justice Jackson joins. Mr. Justice Douglas
took no part in the consideration or decision of this case.
No. 154. Wong Yang Sung, petitioner, v. J. Howard McGrath,
Attorney General of the United States, et al. On writ of certiorari
to the United States Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia
Circuit. Judgment reversed and case remanded to the United States
District Court for the District of Columbia for proceedings in con-
formity with the opinion of this Court. Opinion by Mr. Justice Jack-
son. Dissenting opinion by Mr. Justice Reed. Mr. Justice Douglas
and Mr. Justice Clark took no part in the consideration or decision
of this case.
850087-50- -50

MONDAY, FEBRUARY 20, 1950
143
No. 302. District of Columbia, petitioner, v. Geraldine Little, alias
Mildred Parker. On writ of certiorari to the United States Court of
Appeals for the District of Columbia Circuit. Judgment affirmed
with costs and case remanded to the Court of Appeals. Opinion by
Mr. Justice Black. Dissenting opinion by Mr. Justice Burton in
which Mr. Justice Reed concurs. Mr. Justice Douglas took no part
in the consideration or decision of this case.
No. 77. George W. Solesbee, appellant, v. R. P. Balkcom, Jr.,
Warden of the State Penitentiary, Tattnall, Georgia. Appeal from
the Supreme Court of the State of Georgia. Judgment affirmed.
Opinion by Mr. Justice Black. Dissenting opinion by Mr. Justice
Frankfurter. Mr. Justice Douglas took no part in the consideration
or decision of this case.
The Chief Justice announced the following orders of the Court:
No. 373. Martin Ludwig Cohnstaedt, petitioner, v. Immigration
and Naturalization Service of the United States Department of Jus-
tice. On writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Kansas. Per
curiam: The judgment is reversed. Girouard v. United States, 328
U. S. 61. The Chief Justice, Mr. Justice Reed, and Mr. Justice
Clark dissent.
No. 454. Georgia Railroad & Banking Company, appellant, v.
Charles D. Redwine, State Revenue Commissioner. Appeal from the
United States District Court for the Northern District of Georgia.
Per curiam: Inasmuch as the Attorney General of Georgia stated at
the bar of this Court that plain, speedy, and efficient State remedies
were available to appellant, the cause is ordered continued for such
period as will enable appellant with all convenient speed to assert
such remedies.
The Chief Justice said:
"The other orders of the Court appear upon the list certified by the
Chief Justice and filed with the Clerk and will not be announced
orally."
No. 568. Oscar R. Ewing, Federal Security Administrator, et al.,
appellants, v. Mytinger and Casselberry, a California Corporation.
In this case probable jurisdiction is noted.
No. 512. Elliott V. Bell, Superintendent of Banks of the State of
New York, etc., petitioner, v. Eugene T. Singer; and
No. 527. Eugene T. Singer, petitioner, v. The Yokohama Specie
Bank, Ltd., et al. Petitions for writs of certiorari to the Court of
Appeals of the State of New York granted.

MONDAY, FEBRUARY 20, 1950
144
No. 513. Elliott V. Bell, Superintendent of Banks of the State of
New York, etc., petitioner, v. Banque Mellie Iran; and
No. 528. Banque Mellie Iran, petitioner, v. Elliott V. Bell, Super-
intendent of Banks of the State of New York, etc. Petitions for writs
of certiorari to the Court of Appeals of the State of New York
granted.
No. 498. Robert Womsley, Charles A. Woods, Jr., et al., petitioners,
v. Pennsylvania Railroad Company et al. Petition for writ of certi-
orari to the Court of Appeals for the Third Circuit denied.
No. 500. State of Washington, petitioner, v. Columbia Steel Com-
pany. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Wash-
ington denied.
No. 501. Tax Commission of the State of Washington, E. C. Hunt-
ley, et al., petitioners, v. Weyerhaeuser Sales Company. Petition for
writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Washington denied.
No. 509. James Buteau, petitioner, v. State of Connecticut. Peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Errors of
Connecticut denied.
No. 516. Daisy B. Wooton (Mrs. Richard G. Wooton), widow of
Richard G. Wooton, deceased, et al., petitioners, v. The United
States. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Claims denied.
No. 526. L. Holmes Eleazer, petitioner, v. The United States of
America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals for
the Fourth Circuit denied.
No. 529. Phillips Petroleum Company, petitioner, v. H. C. Jones,
Collector of Internal Revenue. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
Court of Appeals for the Tenth Circuit denied.
No. 532. The United States Graphite Company, petitioner, v.
Charles Sawyer, Secretary of Commerce. Petition for writ of certi-
orari to the Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia Circuit
denied.
No. 534. Marguerite S. Glover, petitioner, v. McM. Coffing, V-I-D,
Inc., Debtor, et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of
Appeals for the Seventh Circuit denied.
No. 71. Federal Power Commission, petitioner, v. East Ohio Gas
Company et al. The petitions for rehearing are denied. Mr. Justice
Burton took no part in the consideration or decision of these appli-
cations.
No. 81, Misc. Mollie Eagle, petitioner, v. Benjamin Cherney and
Samuel H. Berger. The third petition for rehearing is denied.

MONDAY, FEBRUARY 20, 1950
145
No. 219, Misc. William Richard Williams, petitioner, v. The United
States of America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of
Appeals for the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 243, Misc. Edward J. McCormack, petitioner, v. William H.
Hiatt, Warden. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Ap-
peals for the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 307, Misc. Robert Frank Bryan, petitioner, v. State of Georgia.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Georgia
denied.
No. 309, Misc. Paul A. Johnson, petitioner, v. Joseph E. Ragen,
Warden. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of Will
County, Illinois, denied.
No. 310, Misc. Calvin R. Smith, petitioner, v. Joseph E. Ragen,
Warden, Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of Will
County, Illinois, denied.
No. 311, Misc. Carl Zubr, petitioner, v. Joseph E. Ragen, Warden.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of Will County,
Circuit Court of Sangamon County, and Supreme Court of Illinois,
denied.
No. 312, Misc. Fred Wilson, petitioner, v. Joseph E. Ragen,
Warden. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of Kane
County, Illinois, denied.
No. 325, Misc. Joe Johnson, petitioner, v. Joseph E. Ragen,
Warden. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Criminal Court of
Cook County, Illinois, denied.
No. 335, Misc. Carl Hamby, petitioner, v. Joseph E. Ragen,
Warden. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals for
the Seventh Circuit, denied.
No. 343, Misc. Ted Bailey, petitioner, v. Robert A. Heinze,
Warden. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of
California, denied.
No. 290, Misc. Charlayne Whiteley Gellatly, etc., petitioner, v.
Alexander Wetmore. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court
of Appeals for the District of Columbia Circuit, denied. The Chief
Justice took no part in the consideration or decision of this application.
No. 328, Misc. In the matter of Sanford Leonard Schamus. The
motion for leave to file petition for writ of quo warranto is denied.
No. 329, Misc. Leo G. Kissinger, petitioner, v. Walter A. Hunter,
Warden; and
No. 338, Misc. Wellington Lancour, petitioner, v. State of Michi-
gan. The motions for leave to file petitions for writs of habeas
corpus are denied.

MONDAY, FEBRUARY 20, 1950
146
Mr. Justice Douglas took no part in the consideration or decision
of the cases in which orders or judgments are this day announced.
No. 613. Maurice C. Sparling, Superintendent of Banks of the State
of California, etc., petitioner, v. Paramount Pictures, Inc., et al. It is
ordered that the time for making service of petition for certiorari,
brief, and record, be, and the same is hereby, extended to a date which
is not later than 15 days after the giving of notice by the Clerk of
this Court to counsel for the petitioner that the printed record in
this case has been delivered to such Clerk.
Adjourned until Monday, March 13, next, at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Monday, March 13, will be as follows: Nos. 12,
Original, 13, Original, 1, 4 (5, 6, 7, 8, and 9), 2, 456, 428, 2, Misc.,
25, and 34.
Х

MONDAY, MARCH 13, 1950
147
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: Mr. Chief Justice Vinson, Mr. Justice Black, Mr. Justice
Reed, Mr. Justice Frankfurter, Mr. Justice Jackson, Mr. Justice
Burton, Mr. Justice Clark, and Mr. Justice Minton.
Harold E. Mott, of Arlington, Va.; David McKibbin 3d, of New
York City; Robert Bowland Ritchie, of Wichita, Kans.; Stanley M.
Kaufman, of Dallas, Tex.; Donald A. Surine, of Washington, D. C.;
Smith N. Crowe, Jr., of Washington, D. C.; Frank A. Surine, of
Washington, D. C.; Paul R. Smith, of Santa Monica, Calif.; Calvin
M. Cory, of Washington, D. C.; Mildred C. Cosby, of San Francisco,
Calif.; Charles Reynolds Cosby, of San Francisco, Calif.; Irvin H.
Rimel, of Kensington, Md.; Harold L. Davidson, of Portland, Oreg.;
Guy T. Huthnance, of Tuscaloosa, Ala.; Averill E. Butterfield, of
Tucson, Ariz.; Monroe Leigh, of Richmond, Va.; Sherlock Davis, of
Washington, D. C.; Harold Guttman, of New York City; Irwin
Greene, of Cleveland, Ohio; Hamilton Douglas, Jr., of Atlanta, Ga.;
John F. Lane, of Washington, D. C.; Herman Frankel, of New York
City; Nicholas F. Lopes, of Lawrence, Kans.; Joseph T. Enright, of
Los Angeles, Calif.; Asher Louis Wheeler, of Washington, D. C.;
Roderick Russell Eagan, of Washington, D. C.; Joseph M. Creed, of
Alexandria, Va.; William A. Hunt, of Ottumwa, Iowa; Henry Robin-
son, of San Francisco, Calif.; C. Donald Peterson, of Minneapolis,
Minn.; Leslie S. Kohn, of Newark, N. J.; Charles H. Flasphaler, of
Washington, D. C.; Albert Bernhard De Salardi, of Pittsburgh, Pa.;
and Bryant Prescott, of New Bedford, Mass., were admitted to
practice.
No. 403. Rudolf Reider, petitioner, v. Guy A. Thompson, Trustee,
Missouri Pacific Railroad Company, Debtor. On writ of certiorari
to the United States Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit. Judg-
ment of the Court of Appeals reversed with costs and case remanded
to the United States District Court for the Eastern District of Louisi-
ana for further proceedings in conformity with the opinion of this
Court. Opinion by Mr. Justice Minton. Dissenting opinion by Mr.
Justice Frankfurter. Mr. Justice Douglas and Mr. Justice Jackson
took no part in the consideration or decision of this case.
No. 200. Floyd G. Affolder, petitioner, v. New York, Chicago and
St. Louis Railroad Company. On writ of certiorari to the United
States Court of Appeals for the Eighth Circuit. Judgment of the
850087-50-51

MONDAY, MARCH 13, 1950
148
Court of Appeals reversed with costs and judgment of the District
Court affirmed. The case is remanded to the United States District
Court for the Eastern District of Missouri. Opinion by Mr. Justice
Clark. Mr. Justice Frankfurter would dismiss the writ as improvi-
dently granted. Dissenting: Mr. Justice Reed. Dissenting opinion
by Mr. Justice Jackson. Mr. Justice Douglas took no part in the
consideration or decision of this case.
No. 359. William H. Hiatt, Warden, United States Penitentiary,
Atlanta, Georgia, petitioner, v. Eugene Preston Brown. On writ
of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the Fifth
Circuit. Judgment reversed and case remanded to the United States
District Court for the Northern District of Georgia for proceedings
in conformity with the opinion of this Court. Opinion by Mr. Justice
Clark. Concurring opinion by Mr. Justice Burton. Mr. Justice
Douglas took no part in the consideration or decision of this case.
No. 171. The United States of America, appellant, v. Joe Burnison,
and Phil C. Katz, Public Administrator of the City and County of
San Francisco; and
No. 188. The United States of America, appellant, v. Charles F.
Gayetty et al. Appeals from the Supreme Court of California.
Judgments affirmed. Opinion by Mr. Justice Reed. Dissenting:
Mr. Justice Black. Mr. Justice Douglas took no part in the considera-
tion or decision of this case.
The Chief Justice announced the following orders of the Court:
No. 213. The United States of America, ex rel. Lee Wo Shing,
petitioner, v. Edward J. Shaughnessy, Acting District Director of
the Immigration and Naturalization Service in the New York Dis-
trict, etc. On petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals
for the Second Circuit. Per curiam: The petition for writ of certi-
orari is granted and the judgment is reversed. Wong Yang Sung
v. McGrath, No. 154, decided February 20, 1950. Mr. Justice Clark
took no part in the consideration or decision of this case.
No. 531. Carpet, Linoleum and Resilient Floor Decorators Union,
Local No. 596, A. F. of L., et al., appellants, v. The Dayton Company.
Appeal from the Supreme Court of Minnesota. Per curiam: The mo-
tion to dismiss is granted and the appeal is dismissed for the reason
that the judgment of the court below is based upon a non-federal
ground adequate to support it.
No. 544. The Board of Regents of the University of Wisconsin and
the State of Wisconsin, appellants, v. The State of Illinois. Appeal
from the Supreme Court of Illinois. Per curiam: The appeal is dis-
missed. United States v. Perkins, 163 U. S. 625.

MONDAY, MARCH 13, 1950
149
No. 555. State of Washington, ex rel. The Washington Water
Power Company et al., appellants, v. The Superior Court of the State
of Washington for Chelan County et al. Appeal from the Supreme
Court of Washington. Per curiam: The motion to dismiss is granted
and the appeal is dismissed for want of a substantial federal question.
No. 559. Standard Dredging Corporation, appellant, v. State of
Louisiana, ex rel. Rufus W. Fontenot, Director of Revenue. Appeal
from the Supreme Court of Louisiana. Per curiam: The motion to dis-
miss is granted and the appeal is dismissed for want of a substantial
federal question.
No. 563. Minneapolis Street Railway Company, appellant, v. City
of Minneapolis, Hubert H. Humphrey, Jr., as Mayor of the City of
Minneapolis, et al. Appeal from the Supreme Court of Minnesota.
Per curiam: The motion to dismiss is granted and the appeal is dis-
missed for want of a final judgment.
No. 608. Gerald Miller and David Caudill, etc., appellants, v. City
of Spokane, a Municipal Corporation, William P. Payne, Commis-
sioner of Public Safety, et al. Appeal from the Supreme Court of
Washington. Per curiam: The motion to dismiss is granted and the
appeal is dismissed for want of jurisdiction. Title 28, United States
Code, sec. 1257 (2). Treating the papers whereon the appeal was
allowed as a petition for writ of certiorari as required by title 28,
United States Code, sec. 2103, certiorari is denied.
No. 644. A. F. Luse, appellant, v. The People of the State of Cali-
fornia. Appeal from the District Court of Appeal for the Second
Appellate District of California. Per curiam: The motion for leave
to proceed in forma pauperis is granted. The motion to dismiss is
granted and the appeal is dismissed for want of a substantial federal
question.
The Chief Justice said:
"The other orders of the Court appear upon the list certified by the
Chief Justice and filed with the Clerk and will not be announced
orally."
H. Carrington Lancaster, et al., appellants, v. Hall Ham-
mond, Attorney General of Maryland, et al. The motion for a stay
of the mandate of the Court of Appeals of the State of Maryland,
referred to the Court by Mr. Justice Black, is denied.
No. 12 Original. The United States of America, plaintiff, v. The
State of Louisiana; and
No. 13 Original. The United States of America, plaintiff, v. The
State of Texas. These cases are reassigned for argument on Monday,
March 27th. The motion of the State of Texas to pass is denied. Mr.
Justice Jackson and Mr. Justice Clark took no part in the considera-
tion or decision of this application.

MONDAY, MARCH 13, 1950
150
No. 2. Graver Tank and Mfg. Co., Inc., et al., petitioners, v. The
Linde Air Products Company. The motion for leave to file brief
of American Lecithin Company, et al., as amici curiae is denied.
No. 44. Heman Marion Sweatt, petitioner, v. Theophilis Shickel
Painter et al. The motion for leave to file brief of Texas Council of
Negro Organizations as amicus curiae is denied.
No. 248. John Howard Lawson, petitioner, v. The United States
of America; and
No. 249. Dalton Trumbo, petitioner, v. The United States of
America. The motion for leave to file brief of certain publishers and
others as amici curiae is denied.
No. 154. Wong Yang Sung, petitioner, v. J. Howard McGrath,
Attorney General of the United States, et al. The motion of the
Solicitor General to modify the judgment is granted and the judgment
is modified so as to provide for the release of the prisoner from custody
under the order of deportation but without terminating petitioner's
custody under the warrant of arrest issued by the Attorney General
dated October 13, 1947. Mr. Justice Clark took no part in the con-
sideration or decision of this application.
No. 306. Louis A. Johnson, Secretary of Defense of the United
States, et al., petitioners, v. Lothar Eisentrager, alias Ludwig Ehr-
hardt, on his own behalf and as next friend of Franz Siebert, et al.
The motion of the Solicitor General to substitute parties petitioner is
granted.
No. 512. Elliott V. Bell, Superintendent of Banks of the State of
New York, etc., petitioner, v. Eugene T. Singer;
No. 513. Elliott V. Bell, Superintendent of Banks of the State of
New York, etc., petitioner, v. Banque Mellie Iran;
No. 527. Eugene T. Singer, petitioner, v. The Yokohama Specie
Bank, Ltd., et al.; and
No. 528. Banque Mellie Iran, petitioner, v. Elliott V. Bell, Super-
intendent of Banks of the State of New York, etc. The motions to sub-
stitute William A. Lyon, present Superintendent of Banks in the
place and stead of Elliott V. Bell, resigned, is granted.
No. 599. Daniel Niemotko, appellant, v. State of Maryland; and
No. 600. Neil W. Kelley, appellant, v. State of Maryland. In these
cases probable jurisdiction is noted. The motion to consolidate is
granted and the cases are ordered consolidated and transferred to the
summary docket.
No. 551. Edward L. Fogarty, as Trustee in Bankruptcy of the In-
land Waterways, Inc., petitioner, v. The United States of America
and Navy Department, War Contracts Relief Board. Petition for
writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals for the Eighth Circuit
granted.

MONDAY, MARCH 13, 1950
151
No. 558. Bernice B. Feres, as Executrix under the last will and
testament of Rudolph J. Feres, deceased, petitioner, v. The United
States of America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of
Appeals for the Second Circuit granted.
No. 556. Joint Anti-Fascist Refugee Committee, an unincorporated
association, petitioner, v. J. Howard McGrath, Attorney General of
the United States, et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court
of Appeals for the District of Columbia Circuit granted. Mr. Jus-
tice Clark took no part in the consideration or decision of this appli-
cation.
No. 381, Misc. Arthur K. Jefferson, petitioner, v. The United
States of America. The motion for leave to proceed in forma pau-
peris is granted. The petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of
Appeals for the Fourth Circuit is granted and the case is ordered
transferred to the appellate docket and assigned for argument im-
mediately following No. 558.
No. 496. James Matthews, John Henry Nichols, and John Henry
Radney, petitioners, v. The United States of America. Petition for
writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit
denied.
No. 506. J. H. Crain and R. E. Lee Wilson, Jr., Trustees of Lee
Wilson and Company, a business trust, petitioners, v. The United
States. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Claims denied.
No. 514. William MacDonald, James J. Coleman, R. E. MacDonald,
et al., etc., petitioners, v. The United States. Petition for writ of
certiorari to the Court of Claims denied.
No. 520. Paramount Pictures, Inc., et al., petitioners, v. Harry
Norman Ball;
No. 521. Paramount Pictures, Inc., et al., petitioners, v. Harry
Norman Ball;
No. 522. Paramount Pictures, Inc., et al., petitioners, v. Harry
Norman Ball;
No. 523. Paramount Pictures, Inc., et al., petitioners, v. Harry
Norman Ball; and
No. 524. Paramount Pictures, Inc., et al., petitioners, v. Harry
Norman Ball. Petition for writs of certiorari to the Court of Ap-
peals for the Third Circuit denied.
No. 525. Orin C. Clement, petitioner, v. Tighe E. Woods, Housing
Expediter, Office of the Housing Expediter. Petition for writ of cer-
tiorari to the Court of Appeals for the Sixth Circuit denied.
No. 530. Seaboard Air Line Railroad Company, petitioner, v. C.
Prosser, Intendent, Odell Venters, et al., Wardens of the Town of
850087-50-52

MONDAY, MARCH 13, 1950
152
Johnsonville. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of
South Carolina denied.
No. 537. R. W. Pointer, doing business under the fictitious name
and style of Pointer-Willamette Co., petitioner, v. Six Wheel Corpora-
tion. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals for the
Ninth Circuit denied.
No. 538. The People of the State of New York, ex rel. Hamport-
zoon Choolokian, petitioner, v. The Mission of the Immaculate Virgin
and John J. Corrigan, Executive Director, etc., et al. Petition for
writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals of the State of New York
denied.
No. 540. The Blanchard Machine Company, petitioner, v. Recon-
struction Finance Corporation Price Adjustment Board. Petition for
writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia
Circuit denied.
No. 541. Anne Vilbert de Sairigne, petitioner, v. Frank Jay Gould.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals for the Second
Circuit denied.
No. 543. Jiffy Lubricator Company, petitioner, v. The Alemite
Company. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals for
the Eighth Circuit denied.
No. 545. Laurie J. Carpenter, petitioner, v. Erie Railroad Com-
pany. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals for the
Second Circuit denied.
No. 549. Ernest Newton Kalb, petitioner, v. Henry Feuerstein and
Helen Feuerstein, secured creditors, and Oscar Jacobson, Trustee.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals for the Seventh
Circuit denied.
No. 550. Charlotte L. Block, Harold Block, Max N. Block, et al.,
petitioners, v. Detroit Harbor Terminals, Inc. Petition for writ of
certiorari to the Court of Appeals for the Sixth Circuit denied.
No. 553. Joseph Sic, petitioner, v. Commissioner of Internal Rev-
enue. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals for the
Eighth Circuit denied.
No. 557. Overlakes Freight Corporation, petitioner, v. Elizabeth
Murphy, Administratrix of the goods, chattels and credits of Thomas
Murphy, deceased. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of
Appeals for the Second Circuit denied.
No. 560. M. E. Trapp, petitioner, v. The United States of America.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals for the Tenth
Circuit denied.

MONDAY, MARCH 13, 1950
153
No. 565. Helen Young, petitioner, v. The United States of America.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals for the Ninth
Circuit denied.
No. 566. Louis Mitchell, Ralph Lipscomb, Jack Crowley, et al., peti-
tioners, v. White Consolidated, Inc. Petition for writ of certiorari to
the Court of Appeals for the Seventh Circuit denied.
No. 567. Jack F. Lyle, petitioner, v. The Atchison, Topeka and
Santa Fe Railway Company, et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to
the Court of Appeals for the Seventh Circuit denied.
No. 569. Henry M. Beverage, Administrator of the Estate of
Dennis Roscoe Beverage, deceased, et al., petitioners, v. Farm Bureau
Mutual Automobile Insurance Company. Petition for writ of cer-
tiorari to the Court of Appeals for the Fourth Circuit denied.
No. 576. L. N. Jackson and Co., Inc., petitioner, v. The Royal Nor-
wegian Government. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court
of Appeals for the Second Circuit denied.
No. 494. Jacob Schoeps, petitioner, v. William A. Carmichael, Dis-
trict Director, Immigration and Naturalization Service, etc. The
motion to substitute H. R. Landon, present District Director, in the
place and stead of William A. Carmichael, is granted. Petition for
writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit
denied.
No. 517. Katherine Cohen and William Cohen, petitioners, v. The
United States of America. The motion to dispense with printing
the petition, brief and record is granted. Petition for writ of cer-
tiorari to the Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit denied.
No. 578. Effie Emerson Walsh, petitioner, v. Bernard A. Walsh.
The motion to dispense with printing the record is granted. Petition
for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Louisiana denied.
No. 607. Henry E. Jacobs, doing business as Henry E. Jacobs and
Co., petitioner, v. Charles Peckat Manufacturing Company and Emma
Peckat. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals for
the Seventh Circuit denied. Mr. Justice Black is of the opinion
certiorari should be granted.
No. 48. Rosette Sorge Savorgnan, petitioner, v. The United States
of America, J. Howard McGrath, The Attorney General of the United
States of America, et al.;
No. 417. Joe T. Cawthorn, petitioner, v. The United States of
America;
No. 505. Transport, Trading and Terminal Corporation, petitioner,
v. Commissioner of Internal Revenue;
No. 508. O. O. Owens, petitioner, v. The United States of America;

MONDAY, MARCH 13, 1950
154
No. 535. Harris Henry Horner, petitioner, v. The United States;
No. 90, Misc. Casper Crowe, petitioner, v. The United States of
America;
No. 255, Misc. Sam Thompson, petitioner, v. Browning Robinson,
Warden;
No. 287, Misc. William Walter Avelino, petitioner, v. Robert A.
Heinze, Warden; and
No. 345, Misc. Julio Ramirez Perez, petitioner, v. The People of
the State of New York. The petitions for rehearing in these cases are
severally denied.
No. 106, Misc. Norman J. Griffin, petitioner, v. United States of
America. The petition for rehearing is denied. Mr. Justice Clark
took no part in the consideration or decision of this application.
No. 284, Misc. James D. Cameron, petitioner, v. John Shahedy,
et al.;
No. 285, Misc. James D. Cameron, et al., petitioners, v. John Sha-
hedy, et al.; and
No. 303, Misc. James D. Cameron, petitioner, v. John Shahedy, et
al. The petition for rehearing and the motion for leave to file petition
for writ of mandamus are denied.
No. 377, Misc., October Term, 1948. Alex M. Ferguson, Temporary
Administrator, etc., et al., petitioners, v. James E. Ferguson. The
second petition for rehearing is denied.
No. 275, Misc. George Marion Wilfong, petitioner, v. E. B. Swope,
Warden. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals for
the Ninth Circuit denied.
No. 315, Misc. Joseph J. Quinn, petitioner, v. State of New York.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals of the State
of New York denied.
No. 333, Misc. Clark Campbell, petitioner, v. Stanley P. Ashe,
Warden. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of
Pennsylvania denied.
No. 347, Misc. John Baker, petitioner, v. Commonwealth of Ken-
tucky. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals of
Kentucky denied.
No. 368, Misc. Milton Linnaberry, petitioner, v. State of Iowa.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Iowa denied.
No. 377, Misc. Otis Harrod, petitioner, v. Commonwealth of Ken-
tucky. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals of
Kentucky denied.
No. 378, Misc. James H. Vermillion, petitioner, v. Eugene Meyer
et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals for the
District of Columbia Circuit denied.

MONDAY, MARCH 13, 1950
155
No. 380, Misc. Robert L. Smith, petitioner, v. State of Arkansas.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Arkansas
denied.
No. 393, Misc. Oscar Patterson, petitioner, v. State of Georgia.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Georgia denied.
No. 351, Misc. Ex Parte Sol Newstead, petitioner. The motion for
leave to file petition for writ of mandamus is denied.
No. 371, Misc. Mary A. Ruthven, petitioner, v. Dr. Winfred Over-
holser, Superintendent. The motion for leave to file petition for writ
of habeas corpus is denied.
No. 374, Misc. United States of America, ex rel. Francis Monaghan,
petitioner, v. Cornelius J. Burke, Warden, etc. The motion for leave
to file petition for writ of certiorari is denied.
No. 376, Misc. B. E. Epperson, petitioner, v. H. E. Moore, Warden,
Texas State Prison. The motion for leave to file petition for writ of
habeas corpus is denied.
ORDER
IT IS ORDERED by this Court that the bond of the Marshal, Thomas E.
Waggaman, dated April 1, 1950, be, and the same is, this day approved
and ordered to be recorded.
Mr. Justice Douglas took no part in the consideration or decision of
the cases in which judgments or orders are this day announced.
The Court will take a recess from today until Monday, March 27,
next.
Adjourned until Monday, March 27, next, at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Monday, March 27, next, will be as follows: Nos.
12 Original, 13 Original, 1, 4 (5, 6, 7, 8, and 9), 2, 456, 428, 2 Misc.,
25, and 34.
☑

MONDAY, MARCH 27, 1950
156
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: Mr. Chief Justice Vinson, Mr. Justice Black, Mr. Justice
Reed, Mr. Justice Frankfurter, Mr. Justice Douglas, Mr. Justice
Jackson, Mr. Justice Burton, Mr. Justice Clark, and Mr. Justice
Minton.
Arthur B. Cunningham, of Alexandria, Va.; Guy P. Allison, of
San Antonio, Tex.; Charles L. Carpenter, of North Little Rock, Ark.;
Allen Lumpkin Henson, of Atlanta, Ga.; Wade W. Thompson, of
Lake Charles, La.; Irving I. Schachtel, of New York City; Harry
Nowalsky, of New Orleans, La.; Roger Austin Prestwood, of Wash-
ington, D. C.; Carroll Caruthers, of Greensburg, Pa.; Thomas Gal-
lagher Taylor, of Greensburg, Pa.; Cecil R. Harrison, of Judsonia,
Ark.; Albert Michelson, of San Francisco, Calif.; Paul de Hagara,
of Newark, N. J.; Richard E. Seley, of Newark, N. J.; Fred C. Philby,
of Louisville, Ky.; Francis Heisler, of Chicago, Ill.; Bernard Epstein,
of Chicago, Ill.; Robert William Zivnuska, of Berkeley, Calif.; An-
draw Kip Foulds, of Pittsburgh, Pa.; Townsend F. Beaman, of Jack-
son, Mich.; William Brown Himrod, of Los Angeles, Calif.; James
R. Shick, of Forest Grove, Oreg.; Bert B. Rand, of Philadelphia, Pa.;
and Lester H. Marks, of New York City, were admitted to practice.
No. 18. Standard-Vacuum Oil Company, petitioner, v. The United
States. On writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Claims.
Judgment vacated and cause remanded. The Court of Claims may
permit further pleadings if in the court's discretion such further
pleadings seem proper and just. If permission to plead further is
denied, or if petitioner fails to plead further should permission be
granted, the cause shall be dismissed. Opinion by Mr. Justice Min-
ton. Mr. Justice Douglas took no part in the consideration or decision
of this case.
No. 14. Eugene Dennis, petitioner, v. The United States of Amer-
ica. On writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the District of Columbia Circuit. Judgment affirmed and case
remanded to the United States District Court for the District of
Columbia. Opinion by Mr. Justice Minton. Mr. Justice Reed con-
curs in the opinion and judgment. Opinion by Mr. Justice Jackson
concurring in the result. Dissenting opinion by Mr. Justice Black.
Dissenting opinion by Mr. Justice Frankfurter. Mr. Justice Douglas
850087-50-53

MONDAY, MARCH 27, 1950
157
and Mr. Justice Clark took no part in the consideration or decision of
this case.
No. 173. The United States of America and Interstate Commerce
Commission, appellants, v. The United States Smelting Refining and
Mining Company et al. Appeal from the United States District
Court for the District of Utah. Decree reversed and case remanded
to the District Court for proceedings in conformity with the opinion
of this Court. Opinion by Mr. Justice Minton. Dissenting: Mr. Jus-
tice Jackson. Mr. Chief Justice Vinson and Mr. Justice Douglas took
no part in the consideration or decision of this case.
No. 337. Railway Labor Executives' Association, appellant, v. The
United States of America, Interstate Commerce Commission, City of
New Orleans, Louisiana, et al. Appeal from the United States Dis-
trict Court for the District of Columbia. Decree reversed and case
remanded to the District Court with directions to remand it to the
Interstate Commerce Commission for further proceedings in con-
formity with the opinion of this Court. Opinion by Mr. Justice Bur-
ton. Dissenting: Mr. Justice Jackson. Dissenting opinion by Mr.
Justice Frankfurter in which Mr. Justice Reed joins. Mr. Chief
Justice Vinson and Mr. Justice Douglas took no part in the considera-
tion or decision of this case.
No. 156. The United States, petitioner, v. Commodities Trading
Corporation et al.; and
No. 163. Commodities Trading Corporation et al., petitioners, v.
The United States. On writs of certiorari to the United States Court
of Claims. Judgment reversed and case remanded to the Court of
Claims with directions to enter an appropriate judgment based on
the maximum ceiling price of the pepper at the time it was taken.
Opinion by Mr. Justice Black. Opinion by Mr. Justice Frankfurter
dissenting in part. Dissenting opinion by Mr. Justice Jackson. Mr.
Chief Justice Vinson and Mr. Justice Douglas took no part in the
consideration or decision of this case.
The Chief Justice announced the following order of the Court:
No. 653. A. H. Stone, Chairman of the State Tax Commission, ap-
pellant, v. Reichman-Crosby Company. Appeal from the Supreme
Court of Mississippi. Per curiam: The motion to dismiss is granted
and the appeal is dismissed for want of jurisdiction. Title 28, United
States Code, Sec. 1257 (2). Treating the papers whereon the appeal
was allowed as a petition for writ of certiorari as required by Title 28,
United States Code, Sec. 2103, certiorari is denied.

MONDAY, MARCH 27, 1950
The Chief Justice said:
158
"The other orders of the Court appear upon the list certified by the
Chief Justice and filed with the Clerk and will not be announced
orally."
No. 76. Travelers Health Association and R. E. Pratt, as Treasurer
thereof, and in his personal capacity, appellants, v. Commonwealth of
Virginia, at the relation of State Corporation Commission. This case
is ordered restored to the docket and assigned for reargument on
Monday, April 17, next. The case is transferred to the summary
docket.
No. 173. The United States of America and Interstate Commerce
Commission, appellants, v. United States Smelting Refining and Min-
ing Company et al. The motion for leave to file supplemental memo-
randum of American Smelting and Refining Co. is granted. The
Chief Justice and Mr. Justice Douglas took no part in the considera-
tion or decision of this application.
No. 455. Automatic Radio Manufacturing Company, Inc., peti-
tioner, v. Hazeltine Research, Inc. The motion for leave to file brief
of Edwin H. Armstrong as amicus curiae is denied.
No. 512. William A. Lyon, Superintendent of Banks of the State
of New York, etc., petitioner, v. Eugene T. Singer; and
No. 527. Eugene T. Singer, petitioner, v. The Yokohama Specie
Bank, Ltd. et al.;
No. 513. William A. Lyon, Superintendent of Banks of the State
of New York, etc., petitioner, v. Banque Mellie Iran; and
No. 528. Banque Millie Iran, petitioner, v. William A. Lyon,
Superintendent of Banks of the State of New York, etc. The motion
of the Solicitor General for leave to appear and participate in the oral
argument as amicus curiae is granted.
No. 654. The United States of America and Interstate Commerce
Commission, appellants, v. The Rock Island Motor Transit Company,
State of Iowa, ex rel. Iowa State Commerce Commission et al. In
this case probable jurisdiction is noted and the case is transferred to
the summary docket.
No. 596. Cornelia Harris, petitioner, v. Commissioner of Internal
Revenue. The petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals
for the Second Circuit is granted limited to Questions “2” and “3”
presented by the petition for the writ.
No. 597. State of Missouri, at the relation of Southern Railway
Company, petitioner, v. Waldo C. Mayfield, Judge of the Circuit Court
of the City of St. Louis, Missouri, etc.; and
No. 598. State of Missouri, ex rel. the Atchison, Topeka and Santa
Fe Railway Company, petitioner, v. David J. Murphy, Judge of the
Circuit Court of the City of St. Louis, Missouri, etc. The petitions

MONDAY, MARCH 27, 1950
159
for writs of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Missouri are granted
and the case is transferred to the summary docket.
No. 499. Edith Church, petitioner, v. The People of the State of
Michigan. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of
Michigan denied.
No. 561. Standard Commercial Tobacco Company and Standard
Commercial Steamship Corp., petitioners, v. John W. Snyder, Secre-
tary of the Treasury and United States of America. Petition for writ
of certiorari to the Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia
Circuit denied.
No. 572. Irvin Winkler, Stanley Askin, Harold Buchman, et al.,
petitioners, v. State of Maryland. Petition for writ of certiorari to
the Court of Appeals of Maryland denied.
No. 573. Atlantic Coast Line Railroad Company, petitioner, v.
Alton Joseph Scarborough, Jr. Petition for writ of certiorari to
the Court of Appeals for the Fourth Circuit denied.
No. 574. Piedmont Cotton Mills, petitioner, v. Commissioner of
Internal Revenue. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of
Appeals for the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 575. R. E. Conner et al., petitioners, v. The Pennsylvania
Railroad Company et al.;
No. 645. The Pennsylvania Railroad Company, petitioner, v. R. E.
Conner et al.; and
No. 646. Brotherhood of Railroad Trainmen et al., petitioners, v.
R. E. Conner et al. Petitions for writs of certiorari to the Court of
Appeals for the District of Columbia Circuit denied.
No. 577. Hartford Fire Insurance Company, petitioner, v. Dom-
enico Roberto and Vincenzo Ammirati. Petition for writ of certiorari
to the Court of Appeals for the Seventh Circuit denied.
No. 588. Waialua Agricultural Company, Ltd., petitioner, v.
Ciraco Maneja et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of
Appeals for the Ninth Circuit denied.
No. 589. American Bantam Car Company, petitioner, v. Commis-
sioner of Internal Revenue. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
Court of Appeals for the Third Circuit denied.
No. 602. Mary Elizabeth Lee et al., petitioners, v. Pan American
Airways, Inc. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court
of New York, County of Westchester, denied.
No. 605. Phil S. Cohen, alias P. H. Phillips, and Leo Escovitch,
alias Leo Esco, petitioners, v. The United States of America. Petition
for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals for the Sixth Circuit
denied.

MONDAY, MARCH 27, 1950
160
No. 612. Dorothy May Arnold Davis, petitioner, v. Gretchen A.
Prose and United States of America. Petition for writ of certiorari
to the Court of Appeals for the Seventh Circuit denied.
No. 552. William R. Mestice, petitioner, v. Anthony Masi. The
motion to dispense with printing the record and the motion for leave
to file a substituted petition are granted. The petition for writ of
certiorari to the Supreme Court of New Jersey is denied.
No. 564. Samuel Harold Litton, petitioner, v. The United States
of America. The motion to dispense with printing the petition, brief,
and record is granted. The petition for writ of certiorari to the Court
of Appeals for the Eighth Circuit is denied.
No. 77. George W. Solesbee, appellant, v. R. P. Balkcom, Jr.,
Warden of the State Penitentiary, Tattnall, Georgia;
No. 119. Louise M. Wissner and Leandous H. Wissner, appellants,
v. Margaret Wissner;
No. 488. National Maritime Union of America, affiliated with the
Congress of Industrial Organizations, et al., petitioners v. National
Labor Relations Board;
No. 301, Misc. Fred Tate, petitioner, v. Robert A. Heinze, Warden;
and
No. 316, Misc. John O. Story, petitioner, v. C. P. Burford, Warden.
The petitions for rehearing in these cases are severally denied. Mr.
Justice Douglas took no part in the consideration or decision of these
applications.
No. 76, Misc., October Term, 1945. Salvatore Stizza, petitioner, v.
Essex County Juvenile and Domestic Relations Court. The second pe-
tition for rehearing is denied. Mr. Justice Douglas took no part
in the consideration or decision of this application.
No. 166, Misc. John Harry McGough and Meyer Joseph Cohen,
petitioners, v. William H. Hiatt, Warden. Petition for writ of cer-
tiorari to the Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 170, Misc. William Edward Alred, petitioner, v. The United
States of America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of
Appeals for the Fourth Circuit denied.
No. 202, Misc. Wentworth Crombie, petitioner, v. Joseph E. Ragen,
Warden. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of
Illinois, denied.
No. 207, Misc. Wentworth Crombie, petitioner, v. Joseph E. Ragen,
Warden. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of Will
County, Illinois; denied.
No. 221, Misc. People of the State of Illinois, ex rel. Tony Marino,
petitioner, v. Joseph E. Ragen, Warden; and
No. 222, Misc. Tony Marino, petitioner, v. State of Illinois. Peti-
tion for writs of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Illinois denied.
850087-50-54

MONDAY, MARCH 27, 1950
161
No. 246, Misc. James F. S. Kelly, petitioner, v. The District Com-
mandant, United States Navy, et al. Petition for writ of certiorari
to the Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit denied.
No. 261, Misc. Jesse Edward James, Jr., etc., petitioner, v. The
United States of America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court
of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 264, Misc. Leon Jones, petitioner, v. The United States of
America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals for
the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 265, Misc. John Henry Kinney, petitioner, v. The United
States of America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of
Appeals for the Tenth Circuit denied.
No. 276, Misc. Jack Gibson Moss, petitioner, v. The United States
of America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals
for the Tenth Circuit denied.
No. 278, Misc. W. T. Holt, petitioner, v. The United States of
America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals for
the Tenth Circuit denied.
No. 302, Misc. Winnie De Long Clark, petitioner, v. The Order of
United Commercial Travelers of America. Petition for writ of certio-
rari to the Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 305, Misc. George H. Robinson, petitioner, v. The United
States of America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of
Appeals for the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 313, Misc. Harold O. Royal, petitioner, v. Edna E. Royal.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Probate Court of the County of
Norfolk, Massachusetts, denied.
No. 317, Misc. Agnes Catherine Marron, Administratrix, peti-
tioner, v. Atlantic Refining Company. Petition for writ of certiorari
to the Court of Appeals for the Third Circuit denied.
No. 331, Misc. William Baumet, petitioner, v. The United States
of America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals
for the Second Circuit denied.
No. 344, Misc. Henry Hawk, petitioner, v. State of Nebraska. Pe-
tition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Nebraska denied.
No. 346, Misc. Fred Wilson, petitioner, v. Joseph E. Ragen,
Warden. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals for
the Seventh Circuit denied.
No. 348, Misc. Robert G. Dalton and John C. Dalton, petitioners,
v. State of Florida. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme
Court of Florida denied.

MONDAY, MARCH 27, 1950
162
No. 352, Misc. Joseph C. Fredrick, petitioner, v. Ralph M. Eid-
son, Warden. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of
Missouri denied.
No. 355, Misc. Jesse Brooks, petitioner, v. Joseph E. Ragen,
Warden. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Criminal Court of
Cook County, Illinois, denied.
No. 358, Misc. Paul Null, petitioner, v. State of Michigan. Peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Michigan denied.
No. 361, Misc. Harry Meyers, petitioner, v. Joseph E. Ragen,
Warden. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of Will
County, Illinois, and the Supreme Court of Illinois, denied.
No. 362, Misc. Henry Schectman, petitioner, v. John F. Foster,
Warden. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals for
the Second Circuit denied.
No. 363, Misc. Derwood L. Treadway, petitioner, v. Vernon A.
Morhous, Warden. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme
Court of New York denied.
No. 367, Misc. Ronald Borday, petitioner, v. Cornelius J. Burke,
Warden. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of
Pennsylvania denied.
No. 369, Misc. Henry Moore, petitioner, v. People of the State of
Illinois. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of
Illinois denied.
No. 373, Misc. David Almeida, petitioner, v. Commonwealth of
Pennsylvania. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court
of Pennsylvania denied.
No. 383, Misc. Basil McCullough, petitioner, v. State of New
York. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of New
York denied.
No. 386, Misc. Leonard Novak, petitioner, v. Commonwealth of
Pennsylvania. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of
Pennsylvania denied.
No. 389, Misc. Enos Wicks, petitioner, v. Supreme Court of Indi-
ana. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Indiana
denied.
No. 394, Misc. Arthur William Nonn, petitioner, v. People of the
State of Michigan et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme
Court of Michigan denied.
No. 395, Misc. Roy Bute, petitioner, v. Joseph E. Ragen, Warden.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of Will County,
Illinois, denied.

MONDAY, MARCH 27, 1950
163
No. 397, Misc. Everett Rheim, petitioner, v. John A. Lyons, Com-
missioner. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals of
the State of New York denied.
No. 398, Misc. Charles Tanthorey, petitioner, v. Joseph E. Ragen,
Warden. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of
Illinois denied.
No. 401, Misc. Charles Skinner, petitioner, v. Browning Robinson,
Warden. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of Ran-
dolph County, Illinois, denied.
No. 402, Misc. Herbert Taylor, petitioner, v. Joseph E. Ragen,
Warden. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of Will
County, Illinois, denied.
No. 403, Misc. Frank Valecek, petitioner, v. The People of the
State of Illinois. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court
of Illinois denied.
No. 405, Misc. James J. Plaine, petitioner, v. C. P. Burford,
Warden. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals for
the Tenth Circuit denied.
No. 409, Misc. William Stevens, petitioner, v. Joseph E. Ragen,
Warden. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Criminal Court of
Cook County, Illinois, denied.
No. 356, Misc. Henry Marks, petitioner, v. Joseph E. Ragen,
Warden. On petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of
Randolph County, Illinois; and
No. 404, Misc. Hampton James, petitioner, v. Joseph E. Ragen,
Warden. On petition for writ of certiorari to the Criminal Court of
Cook County, Illinois. The petition for writ of certiorari in each of
these cases is denied without consideration of the questions raised
therein and without prejudice to the institution by petitioner of
proceedings in any Illinois state court of competent jurisdiction under
the Act of August 4, 1949, entitled: "An Act to provide a remedy for
persons convicted and imprisoned in the penitentiary, who assert that
rights guaranteed them by the Constitution of the United States or
the State of Illinois, or both, have been denied or violated, in pro-
ceedings in which they were convicted."
No. 360, Misc. Melville Lee Wagner, petitioner, v. State of
Louisiana;
No. 366, Misc. Francis Haines, petitioner, v. Joseph E. Ragen,
Warden;
No. 385, Misc. Bruce Pierce, petitioner, v. John R. Cranor, Super-
intendent; and
No. 408, Misc. Earl W. Taylor, petitioner, v. P. J. Squier, Warden.
The motions for leave to file petitions for writs of habeas corpus in
these cases are severally denied.

MONDAY, MARCH 27, 1950
164
No. 407, Misc. Max Philip Couture, petitioner, v. John R. Cranor,
Superintendent. The motion for leave to file petition for writ of
certiorari is denied.
No. 439, Misc. In the matter of the petition of Thomas J. O'Neill.
The petition is denied.
No. 583. American President Lines, Ltd., petitioner, v. Augustus
Federer et al. Time within which to file response to petition for
writ of certiorari extended to and including April 20, on motion of
counsel for the respondents.
No. 12 Original. The United States of America, plaintiff, v. The
State of Louisiana. Four hours allowed for oral argument. Argued
on motion for judgment by Mr. Solicitor General Perlman for the
plaintiff; and by Mr. Cullen R. Liskow and Mr. L. H. Perez for the
defendant.
Adjourned until tomorrow, at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Tuesday, March 28, will be as follows: Nos. 13,
Original, 1, 4 (5, 6, 7, 8, and 9), 2, 456, 428, 2 Misc., 25, 34, and 44.

TUESDAY, MARCH 28, 1950
165
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: Mr. Chief Justice Vinson, Mr. Justice Black, Mr. Justice
Reed, Mr. Justice Frankfurter, Mr. Justice Douglas, Mr. Justice Jack-
son, Mr. Justice Burton, Mr. Justice Clark, and Mr. Justice Minton.
William E. Powers, of Cumberland, R. I.; Stephen A. Fanning,
of Cumberland, R. I.; Leonard J. Roach, of Los Angeles, Calif.;
Nicholas Pellegrini, of Brooklyn, N. Y.; Leo Tillman Norville, of
Chicago, Ill.; Gerard J. Sheehan, of New York City; Ralph E.
Hughes, of Lansing, Mich.; and Robert W. Brown, of Sioux City,
Iowa, were admitted to practice.
No. 13, Original. The United States of America, plaintiff, v. The
State of Texas. Four hours allowed for oral argument. Argument.
on the motion for judgment commenced by Mr. Solicitor General
Perlman for the plaintiff, continued by Mr. Price Daniel and Mr. J.
Chrys Dougherty for the defendant, and concluded by Mr. Solicitor
General Perlman for the plaintiff.
Adjourned until tomorrow at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Wednesday, March 29, will be as follows: Nos. 1,
4 (5, 6, 7, 8, and 9), 2, 456, 428, 2 Misc., 25, 34, 44, and 445.
850087-50-55

WEDNESDAY, MARCH 29, 1950
166
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: Mr. Chief Justice Vinson, Mr. Justice Black, Mr. Justice
Reed, Mr. Justice Frankfurter, Mr. Justice Douglas, Mr. Justice Jack-
son, Mr. Justice Burton, Mr. Justice Clark, and Mr. Justice Minton.
Albert Berthold Heitz, of New Orleans, La.; Roswell Perry Rosen-
gren, of Buffalo, N. Y.; Morris Merick, of Cleveland, Ohio; Hal D.
Kerr, of Cleveland, Tenn.; James E. Bennet, Jr., of New York City;
John Alan Appleman, of Urbana, Ill.; Luke R. Lamb, of Washington,
D. C.; Charles A. Rothman, of Philadelphia, Pa.; Thomas I. Guerin,
of Philadelphia, Pa.; and Emanuel Leof, of Philadelphia, Pa., were
admitted to practice.
No. 571. Clifford Dwane Helm, petitioner, v. State of Nevada.
Time within which to file brief in response to petition for writ of
certiorari extended to April 24, 1950, on motion of counsel for the
respondent.
No. 1. The United States, petitioner, v. Kansas City Life Insurance
Company. Reargued by Mr. Marvin J. Sonosky for the petitioner
and by Mr. Stanley Bassett for the respondent.
No. 4. The United States, petitioner, v. Gerlach Live Stock Com-
pany;
No. 5. The United States, petitioner, v. J. Sheldon Potter;
No. 6. The United States, petitioner, v. Martin Erreca;
No. 7. The United States, petitioner, v. James J. Stevinson, (a
Corporation);
No. 8. The United States, petitioner, v. Archibald J. Stevinson;
and
No. 9. The United States, petitioner, v. 3-H Securities Company.
Reargument commenced by Mr. Ralph S. Boyd for petitioners and
continued by Mr. Edward J. Treadwell for the respondents.
Adjourned until tomorrow at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Thursday, March 30, will be as follows: Nos. 4
(5, 6, 7, 8, and 9), 2, 456, 428, 2 Misc., 25, 34, 44, 445, and 455.

THURSDAY, MARCH 30, 1950
167
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: Mr. Chief Justice Vinson, Mr. Justice Black, Mr. Justice
Reed, Mr. Justice Frankfurter, Mr. Justice Douglas, Mr. Justice Jack-
son, Mr. Justice Burton, Mr. Justice Clark, and Mr. Justice Minton.
William J. Gleason, of Harvard, Ill.; Charles W. Wilkinson, of
Pearisburg, Va.; Anthony J. Race, of Arlington, Va.; Reuben Sirlin,
of Mamaroneck, N. Y.; John H. Lewis, of Columbus, Ohio; and
Samuel Markle, of New York City, were admitted to practice.
No. 4. The United States, petitioner, v. Gerlach Live Stock Com-
pany;
No. 5. The United States, petitioner, v. J. Sheldon Potter;
No. 6. The United States, petitioner, v. Martin Erreca;
No. 7. The United States, petitioner, v. James J. Stevinson (a Cor-
poration);
No. 8. The United States, petitioner, v. Archibald J. Stevinson; and
No. 9. The United States, petitioner, v. 3-H Securities Company.
Reargument concluded by Mr. Warner W. Gardner for Gill et al.,
as amici curiae, by special leave of Court.
No. 2. Graver Tank and Manufacturing Co., Inc., et al., petitioners,
v. The Linde Air Products Company. Argued on rehearing by Mr.
Thomas V. Koykka for the petitioners and by Mr. John T. Cahill and
Mr. Richard R. Wolfe for the respondent.
No. 456. The International Union of United Automobile, Aircraft,
and Agricultural Implement Workers of America, C. I. O., et al.,
appellants, v. Gerald K. O'Brien, Wayne County Prosecuting At-
torney, et al. Argued by Mr. Joseph L. Rauh, Jr., for the appellants,
by Mr. David P. Findling for the National Labor Relations Board, as
amicus curiae, by special leave of Court; and by Mr. Edmund E. Shep-
herd for the appellees. Leave granted appellees to file brief within 10
days if so advised.
Adjourned until tomorrow at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Friday, March 31, will be as follows: Nos. 428,
2 Misc., 25, 34, 44, 445, and 455.
Х
850087-50-57

FRIDAY, MARCH 31, 1950
168
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: Mr. Chief Justice Vinson, Mr. Justice Black, Mr. Justice
Reed, Mr. Justice Douglas, Mr. Justice Jackson, Mr. Justice Burton,
Mr. Justice Clark, and Mr. Justice Minton.
Beatrice E. Packard, of Brooklyn, N. Y.; John A. Rullo, of Brook-
lyn, N. Y.; Daniel E. Mulhern, of New York City; Carolyn E. Agger,
of Washington, D. C.; Fred A. Potruch, of Los Angeles, Calif.; and
Thos. N. Griggs, of Pittsburgh, Pa., were admitted to practice.
No. 635. Jane Rogers, petitioner, v. The United States of America;
No. 636. Irving Blau, petitioner, v. The United States of America;
No. 637. Arthur Bary, petitioner, v. The United States of America;
No. 638. Paul Meir Kleinbord, petitioner, v. The United States of
America;
No. 639. Tracy Roy Rogers, petitioner, v. The United States of
America; and
No. 640. Patricia Blau, petitioner, v. The United States of America.
Time within which to file brief in response to petition for writs of
certiorari extended to May 2, 1950, on motion of counsel for the
respondent.
No. 663. Standard Oil Company of New Jersey, petitioner, v. The
United States of America, as owner of the United States ship YMS-12;
and
No. 664. Standard Oil Company of New Jersey, as owner of the
steam tanker John Worthington, petitioner, v. The United States of
America. Time within which to file brief in response to petition for
writs of certiorari extended to May 15, 1950, on motion of counsel
for the respondents.
No. 428. The United States of America, appellant, v. National Asso-
ciation of Real Estate Boards, Washington Real Estate Board, et al.
Three hours allowed for oral argument. Argument commenced by
the Assistant to the Attorney General, Mr. Peyton Ford, for the
appellant; continued by Mr. William E. Leahy for appellees, Wash-
ington Real Estate Board, et al.; by Mr. Roger J. Whiteford for
appellees, National Association of Real Estate Boards and Herbert U.
Nelson; and concluded by Mr. Victor H. Kramer for the appellant.
850087-50-58

FRIDAY, MARCH 31, 1950
169
No. 2, Misc. William Henry Roberts, petitioner, v. The United
States District Court for the Northern District of California. Argued
on the motion for leave to file petition for writ of mandamus by
Mr. Max Radin for the petitioner. No appearance for respondent.
Adjourned until Monday, April 3, next, at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Monday, April 3, will be as follows: Nos. 25, 34,
44, 445, and 455.
☑

MONDAY, APRIL 3, 1950
170
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: Mr. Chief Justice Vinson, Mr. Justice Black, Mr. Justice
Reed, Mr. Justice Frankfurter, Mr. Justice Douglas, Mr. Justice Jack-
son, Mr. Justice Burton, Mr. Justice Clark, and Mr. Justice Minton.
William R. Bagby, of Grayson, Ky.; Herman L. Taylor, of Raleigh,
N. C.; Oliver W. Hill, Sr., of Richmond, Va.; Coleman H. Hayes, of
Oklahoma City, Okla.; Buck W. McNeil, of Lubbock, Tex.; Virgil H.
Langtry, of Portland, Oreg.; Harry Middleton Bellinger, of San An-
tonio, Tex.; William Claude Williams, of Dallas, Tex.; Stevens Park
Kinney, of Denver, Colo.; Martin A. Martin, of Richmond, Va.;
Caswell J. Gates, of Durham, N. C.; Barton Dement, Jr., of Murfrees-
boro, Tenn.; Howard Wallner, of Philadelphia, Pa.; Guy J. Korn-
blum, of Terre Haute, Ind.; Jerdie D. Lewis, of Terre Haute, Ind.;
N. George Nasser, of Terre Haute, Ind.; Edward K. Zuckerman, of
Beverly Hills, Calif.; Henry Watkins de Lagarde, of Washington,
D. C.; and Howard Cayton, of Washington, D. C., were admitted
to practice.
No. 51. Pete Darr, petitioner, v. C. P. Burford, Warden, Oklahoma
State Penitentiary. On writ of certiorari to the United States Court
of Appeals for the Tenth Circuit. Judgment affirmed with costs and
case remanded to the United States District Court for the Eastern Dis-
trict of Oklahoma. Opinion by Mr. Justice Reed. Mr. Justice Bur-
ton and Mr. Justice Clark concur in the judgment and the opinion
with the exception indicated in the statement of concurrence. Dis-
senting opinion by Mr. Justice Frankfurter in which Mr. Justice
Black and Mr. Justice Jackson join. Mr. Justice Douglas took no
part in the consideration or decision of this case.
The Chief Justice announced the following order of the Court:
No. 657. Jacob F. Holmes et al., appellants, v. The United States.
of America, Interstate Commerce Commission, Macon, Dublin and
Savannah Railroad Company. Appeal from the United States Dis-
trict Court for the Southern District of New York. Per curiam:
The motion to affirm is granted and the judgment is affirmed.
850087-50-59

MONDAY, APRIL 3, 1950
The Chief Justice said:
171
"The other orders of the Court appear upon the list certified by the
Chief Justice and filed with the Clerk and will not be announced
orally."
-
In re Francis X. Lipare. The motion to amend the attorney
roll to show the change of name of Frank V. Lipari to Francis X.
Lipare is granted.
- October Term, 1933. In re Disbarment of Edmond C. Fletcher.
The motion to vacate order of disbarment is denied. The Chief Jus-
tice took no part in the consideration or decision of this application.
No. 306. Louis A. Johnson, Secretary of Defense of the United
States, et al., petitioners, v. Lothar Eisentrager, alias Ludwig Ehr-
hardt, on his own behalf and as next friend of Franz Siebert et al.
The motion for leave to file brief of American Civil Liberties Union
as amicus curiae is denied.
No. 609. Larry Gara, petitioner, v. The United States of America.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals for the Sixth
Circuit granted and the case transferred to the summary docket.
No. 590. Fred Pannell, petitioner, v. The United States of
America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals for
the Third Circuit dismissed on motion of counsel for the petitioner.
No. 591. George F. Croessant, petitioner, v. The United States of
America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of Ap-
peals for the Third Circuit denied.
No. 603. Eckert-Fair Construction Company, petitioner, v. Capi-
tol Steel and Iron Company. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 606. London Guarantee and Accident Co., Ltd., and Weeden
T. Underwood, petitioners, v. Horace W. Behrle. Petition for writ
of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Rhode Island and Providence
Plantations denied.
No. 611. Illa Routh Alley Schurink, petitioner, v. The United
States of America, Gertrude Rhodes Alley and Bluford Alley. Peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals for the Fifth Cir-
cuit denied.
No. 617. Commonwealth of Pennsylvania, petitioner, v. The
Curtis Publishing Company. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
Supreme Court of Pennsylvania denied.
No. 642. Minnie Keyes, petitioner, v. K. E. Madsen, Assistant
Engineer Commissioner in charge of Buildings for the District of
Columbia, et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Ap-
peals for the District of Columbia Circuit denied.

MONDAY, APRIL 3, 1950
172
No. 655. Burlington Transportation Company, petitioner, v. Earl
C. Stoltz. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals
for the Tenth Circuit denied.
No. 601. Atlantic Coast Line Railroad Company et al., petitioners,
v. St. Joe Paper Company et al. The motion to dispense with print-
ing certain portions of the record is granted. Petition for writ of
certiorari to the Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 217, Misc. Lorenzo McCoy Cradle, petitioner, v. The United
States of America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of
Appeals for the District of Columbia Circuit denied.
No. 365, Misc. Lonnie James Ball, alias L. J. Ball, petitioner, v.
State of Alabama. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme
Court of Alabama denied.
No. 424, Misc. Dale Smith Simpson, petitioner, v. State of Louisi-
ana. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Louisi-
ana denied.
The Court will take a recess from Monday, April 10, until Monday,
April 17, next.
No. 25. Elmer W. Henderson, appellant, v. The United States of
America, Interstate Commerce Commission and Southern Railway
Company. Argument commenced by Mr. Attorney General Mc-
Grath for the United States; continued by Mr. Solicitor General Perl-
man for the United States; by Mr. Belford V. Lawson, Jr., and Mr.
Jawn Sandifer for Henderson; by Mr. Allen Crenshaw for the Inter-
state Commerce Commission; by Mr. Charles Clark for the Southern
Railway Company, and concluded by Mr. Sam Hobbs, as amicus
curiae, by special leave of Court.
No. 34. G. W. McLaurin, appellant, v. Oklahoma State Regents
for Higher Education, Board of Regents of the University of Okla-
homa, et al. Argument commenced by Mr. Amos T. Hall for the
appellant.
Adjourned until tomorrow at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Tuesday, April 4, will be as follows: Nos. 34, 44,
445, and 455.
Х

TUESDAY, APRIL 4, 1950
173
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: Mr. Chief Justice Vinson, Mr. Justice Black, Mr. Justice
Reed, Mr. Justice Frankfurter, Mr. Justice Douglas, Mr. Justice
Jackson, Mr. Justice Burton, Mr. Justice Clark, and Mr. Justice
Minton.
Horace S. Kerr, of Columbus, Ohio; Richard A. Montgomery, of
Media, Pa.; Frank A. Thompson, of St. Louis, Mo.; Lester J. Kramer,
of Teaneck, N. J.; Irving Stenn, of Chicago, Ill.; Howard C. Ellis,
of San Francisco, Calif.; Henri L. Bromberg, Jr., of Dallas, Tex.;
Verne Churchill Hampton, of Pontiac, Mich.; Margarete M. Ryan,
of Washington, D. C.; Frank W. Barton, of Memphis, Tenn.; and
Mollie Z. Margolin, of Washington, D. C., were admitted to practice.
No. 34. G. W. McLaurin, appellant, ». Oklahoma State Regents
for Higher Education, Board of Regents of University of Oklahoma,
et al. Argument continued by Mr. Amos T. Hall for the appellant;
by Mr. Robert L. Carter for the appellant; by Mr. Fred Hansen for
the appellees; and concluded by Mr. Amos T. Hall for the appellant.
No. 44. Heman Marion Sweatt, petitioner, v. Theophilis Shickel
Painter et al. Argued by Mr. W. J. Durham and Mr. Thurgood
Marshall for the petitioner and Mr. Price Daniel and Mr. Joe R.
Greenhill for the respondents.
Adjourned until tomorrow at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Wednesday, April 5, will be as follows: Nos. 445
and 455.
Х

WEDNESDAY, APRIL 5, 1950
174
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: Mr. Chief Justice Vinson, Mr. Justice Black, Mr. Justice
Reed, Mr. Justice Frankfurter, Mr. Justice Douglas, Mr. Justice Jack-
son, Mr. Justice Burton, Mr. Justice Clark, and Mr. Justice Minton.
Robert S. Link, Jr., of New Orleans, La., and Morris Relson, of
New York City, were admitted to practice.
No. 18. Standard-Vacuum Oil Company, petitioner, v. The United
States. Mandate ordered to issue forthwith on motion of counsel for
petitioner.
No. 445. Brown Shoe Company, Inc., petitioner, v. Commissioner
of Internal Revenue. Argued by Mr. Charles B. McInnis for the
petitioner and Mr. Harry Marselli for the respondent.
No. 455. Automatic Radio Manufacturing Company, Inc., peti-
tioner, v. Hazeltine Research, Inc. Argued by Mr. Floyd H. Crews for
the petitioner and by Mr. Laurence B. Dodds and Mr. Philip F. La-
Follette for respondent.
Adjourned until Monday, April 10, next, at 12 o'clock.

MONDAY, APRIL 10, 1950
175
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: Mr. Chief Justice Vinson, Mr. Justice Black, Mr. Justice
Reed, Mr. Justice Frankfurter, Mr. Justice. Douglas, Mr. Justice
Jackson, Mr. Justice Burton, Mr. Justice Clark, and Mr. Justice
Minton.
Josephine M. Elmore, of San Francisco, Calif.; Roland Towle, of
Chicago, Ill.; John F. Kavanagh, of New Smyrna Beach, Fla.; Merryl
F. Sicherman, of Akron, Ohio; Florence Weinberg, of Chicago, Ill.;
Eugene A. Weinberg, of Chicago, Ill.; Benjamin F. Stapleton, Jr., of
Denver, Colo.; Aminta C. N. Burnet, of New York City; John D.
Bennett, of Rockville Centre, N. Y.; Ulysses S. Bratton, Jr., of De-
troit, Mich.; John Raymond Barry, of Denver, Colo.; Martin Lester
Hanna, of Bowling Green, Ohio; Laurence A. Price, of Detroit, Mich.;
Francis T. Nemac, of New York City; Jay-Ehret Mahoney, of New
York City; Doyle Willis, of Fort Worth, Tex.; Edward G. Howard,
of Wilmington, Del.; Freeman W. Sharp, Jr., of Washington, D. C.;
Seymour Tabin, of Chicago, Ill.; James P. Hart, Jr., of Roanoke, Va.;
Thomas J. Jones, Jr., of Boise, Idaho; John W. Coggins, of Washing-
ton, D. C.; Chas. W. Williamson, of Henderson, N. C.; Earl B. Myers,
of San Francisco, Calif.; Joseph L. Seligman, Jr., of San Francisco,
Calif.; George T. Law, of New Bedford, Mass.; Joseph Vincent Fer-
guson II, of New Orleans, La.; Morrie Slifkin, of Tarrytown, N. Y.;
George R. Maury, of Los Angeles, Calif.; T. M. Royce, of Seattle,
Wash.; and Craig McKee, of Des Moines, Iowa, were admitted to
practice.
No. 391. Marion J. Slocum, as General Chairman, Lackawanna
Division No. 30 of the Order of Railroad Telegraphers, petitioner, v.
The Delaware, Lackawanna & Western Railroad Company. On writ
of certiorari to the Court of Appeals of the State of New York.
Judgment of the Court of Appeals reversed with costs and case
remanded to that court for further proceedings not inconsistent with
the opinion of this Court. Opinion by Mr. Justice Black. Dissenting
opinion by Mr. Justice Reed. Mr. Justice Douglas took no part in
the consideration or decision of this case.
No. 438. Order of Railway Conductors of America, an Unincor-
porated Association, petitioner, v. Southern Railway Company, a
Corporation Organized and Existing under the Laws of the State of
Virginia. On writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of South Caro-
850087-50-62

MONDAY, APRIL 10, 1950
176
lina. Judgment of the Supreme Court of South Carolina reversed
with costs, and case remanded to that court for proceedings not incon-
sistent with the opinion of this Court. Opinion by Mr. Justice Black.
Dissenting: Mr. Justice Reed. Mr. Justice Douglas took no part in
the consideration or decision of this case.
No. 236. Richard Morford, petitioner, v. The United States of
America. On petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia Circuit. The petition
for writ of certiorari is granted. The judgment of the Court of Ap-
peals is reversed and the case is remanded to the United States Dis-
trict Court for the District of Columbia for further proceedings in
conformity with the opinion of this Court. Opinion per curiam
announced by Mr. Chief Justice Vinson. Mr. Justice Douglas con-
curs in the reversal of the judgment. Mr. Justice Black and Mr.
Justice Frankfurter reverse for the reasons expressed in their opinions
in Dennis v. United States, No. 14, decided March 27, 1950. Mr.
Justice Clark took no part in the consideration or decision of this
case.
The Chief Justice said:
"The orders of the Court appear upon the list certified by the Chief
Justice and filed with the Clerk and will not be announced orally."
No. 547. John W. Snyder, petitioner, v. Tighe E. Woods, Housing
Expediter. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Emer-
gency Court of Appeals denied.
No. 580. The United States, petitioner, v. Union Pacific Railroad
Company. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Claims
denied.
No. 604. Tex-O-Kan Flour Mills Company, d/b/a Perry Burrus
Elevators, petitioner, v. Texas and Pacific Railway Company. Peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals for the Fifth
Circuit denied.
No. 610. Charles W. Strong, trading as Strong Manufacturing
Company, petitioner, v. Francis R. Smith, Collector of Internal Rev-
enue. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals for the
Third Circuit denied.
No. 615. John Mansavage, petitioner, v. The United States of
America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals for
the Seventh Circuit denied.
No. 618. Continental Oil Company, petitioner, v. H. C. Jones, Col-
lector of Internal Revenue. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court
of Appeals for the Tenth Circuit denied.

MONDAY, APRIL 10, 1950
177
No. 619. Wilmington Trust Company, etc., petitioner, v. The
Mutual Life Insurance Company of New York. Petition for writ of
certiorari to the Court of Appeals for the Third Circuit denied.
No. 622. B. D. Phillips, petitioner, v. Commissioner of Internal
Revenue;
No. 623. T. W. Phillips, Jr., petitioner, v. Commissioner of Inter-
nal Revenue;
No. 624. Thomas W. Phillips III, petitioner, v. Commissioner of
Internal Revenue;
No. 625. Roger S. Phillips, petitioner, v. Commissioner of Internal
Revenue;
No. 626. Idell H. Phillips, petitioner, v. Commissioner of Internal
Revenue;
No. 627. Margaret Phillips Succop, petitioner, v. Commissioner of
Internal Revenue;
No. 628. Estate of Alma J. S. Phillips, deceased, et al., petitioners,
v. Commissioner of Internal Revenue;
No. 629. Estate of Undine C. Phillips, deceased, B. D. Phillips,
Administrator, petitioner, v. Commissioner of Internal Revenue; and
No. 630. Ruth Phillips Bisiker, petitioner, v. Commissioner of
Internal Revenue. Petition for writs of certiorari to the Court of
Appeals for the Third Circuit denied.
No. 633. Keokuk Steel Casting Company, petitioner, v. J. R.
Lawrence. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals
for the Tenth Circuit denied.
No. 650. New York Life Insurance Company, petitioner, v. Virdie
Schiel, Frank Schiel, Sr., Mary Lou Schiel, and Lorraine Schiel.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals for the Ninth
Circuit denied.
No. 666. Monolith Portland Midwest Company, petitioner, v. Re-
construction Finance Corporation. Petition for writ of certiorari
to the Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit denied.
No. 676. Carl Carpenter, petitioner, v. State of North Carolina.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of North Caro-
lina denied.
No. 677. Dave Dover, petitioner, v. State of North Carolina. Peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of North Carolina
denied.
No. 678. Gay Stinnett, petitioner, v. State of North Carolina.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of North Caro-
lina denied.
No. 197. George Marshall, petitioner, v. The United States of
America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals

MONDAY, APRIL 10, 1950
178
for the District of Columbia Circuit denied. Mr. Justice Black is
of the opinion certiorari should be granted. Mr. Justice Clark took
no part in the consideration or decision of this application.
No. 248. John Howard Lawson, petitioner, v. The United States
of America; and
No. 249. Dalton Trumbo, petitioner, v. The United States of
America. Petitions for writs of certiorari to the Court of Appeals
for the District of Columbia Circuit denied. Mr. Justice Black and
Mr. Justice Douglas are of the opinion certiorari should be granted.
Mr. Justice Clark took no part in the consideration or decision of these
applications.
No. 495. Anheuser-Busch, Incorporated, petitioner, v. Du Bois
Brewing Company. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of
Appeals for the Third Circuit denied. Mr. Justice Clark took no part
in the consideration or decision of this application.
No. 548. Meyer Gordon, petitioner, v. The United States of
America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals for
the Sixth Circuit denied. Mr. Justice Clark took no part in the con-
sideration or decision of this application.
No. 620. M. Loucopantis, G. Diamatakis, et al., petitioners, v.
Steamship "Olympos," etc., et al. The motion to dispense with print-
ing the petition, brief, and record is granted. Petition for writ of
certiorari to the Court of Appeals for the Fourth Circuit denied.
No. 403. Rudolf Reider, petitioner, v. Guy A. Thompson, Trustee,
Missouri Pacific Railroad Company, Debtor. The petition for rehear-
ing is denied. Mr. Justice Jackson and Mr. Justice Douglas took no
part in the consideration or decision of this application.
No. 517. Katherine Cohen and William Cohen, petitioners, v. The
United States of America. The petition for rehearing is denied. Mr.
Justice Douglas took no part in the consideration or decision of this
application.
No. 255, Misc. Sam Thompson, petitioner, v. Browning Robinson,
Warden. The second petition for rehearing is denied. Mr. Justice
Douglas took no part in the consideration or decision of this appli-
cation.
No. 364, Misc. Ruth Vena Johnson, etc., et al., petitioners, v.
George Gardner, as Trustee. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit denied.
No. 382, Misc. Grace W. Adkins, etc., petitioner, v. E. I. Du Pont
de Nemours and Co., Inc. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court
of Appeals for the Tenth Circuit denied.

MONDAY, APRIL 10, 1950
179
No. 390, Misc. E. M. Watson, petitioner, v. L. G. Suddoth and
J. S. Calfee. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals
for the Eighth Circuit denied.
No. 391, Misc. Melissa J. Rowe, petitioner, v. Walter L. Green.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals for the Fourth
Circuit denied.
No. 425, Misc. Salatheal Harry Tracy Everhart, petitioner, v.
State of Texas. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Crimi-
nal Appeals of Texas denied.
No. 427, Misc. Hans-Joachim Falkenstein, petitioner, v. People of
the State of New York. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Appel-
late Division of the Supreme Court of New York denied.
No. 428, Misc. Edgar Holland, petitioner, v. Ralph N. Eidson,
Warden. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of
Missouri denied.
No. 437, Misc. Harry Holmes, petitioner, v. Edwin T. Swenson,
Warden. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals
for Maryland denied.
No. 457, Misc. Fred Varela and Alfonso Najera, petitioners, v.
People of the State of Illinois. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
Supreme Court of Illinois denied.
No. 459, Misc. Carson Seger and Curtis Chapman, petitioners, v.
People of the State of Illinois. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
Supreme Court of Illinois denied.
No. 432, Misc. Alexander G. Jeronis, petitioner, v. People of the
State of Michigan. Application denied.
No. 438, Misc. Madeleine Du Pont Ruoff, petitioner, v. Honorable
Charles F. McLaughlin, U. S. District Judge for the District of
Columbia. The motion for leave to file petition for writ of mandamus
is denied. Mr. Justice Clark took no part in the consideration or
decision of this application.
Adjourned until Monday, April 17, next, at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Monday, April 17, 1950, will be as follows: Nos.
76, 306, 434, 435, 490, 512 and 527, 513 and 528, 568.

MONDAY, APRIL 17, 1950
180
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: Mr. Chief Justice Vinson, Mr. Justice Black, Mr. Justice
Reed, Mr. Justice Frankfurter, Mr. Justice Douglas, Mr. Justice Jack-
son, Mr. Justice Burton, Mr. Justice Clark, and Mr. Justice Minton.
James M. McGarry, of Providence, R. I.; Matthew Wilson Goring,
of Providence, R. I.; Joseph Francis Dolan, of Valley Stream, N. Y.;
B. M. Pelavin, of Flint, Mich.; George Marlin, of New York City;
Wilbur W. Heard, of Tulsa, Okla.; David E. Smitherman, of Shreve-
port, La.; Charles Ford Currier, of Shreveport, La.; Allen A. Dobey,
of Arlington, Va.; Jerome Frank Kutak, of Hammond, Ind.; Forrest
H. Anderson, of Helena, Mont.; William Glassman, of Warren, Pa.;
Sherman Anderson, of Los Angeles, Calif.; Albert Langerman, of
Washington, D. C.; Milton C. Wasby, of Boston, Mass.; Herman
Knell, of Chicago, Ill.; Alfred B. Eddy, of Ontonagon, Mich.; Rich-
ard William Corman, of Rushville, Ill.; James L. McGovern, of New
York City; Arthur Carl Larson, of Wakefield, Nebr.; Robert E.
Penland, of Columbia, S. C.; Fred J. Baumgardner, of Louisville,
Ky.; Joseph A. Lehman, Jr., of Chicago, Ill.; Earl C. Johnson, of
Dunning, Nebr.; G. Lawrence Keller, of Pratt, Kans.; Edgar L.
Robbins, of Louisville, Ky.; Charles M. Noone, of Alexandria, Va.;
Courtney Allen Evans, of Detroit, Mich.; Manning C. Clements, of
Burnet, Tex.; William F. Billings, of Dallas, Tex.; Joseph Daniel
Donohue, of Montclair, N. J.; and August B. Fipp, Jr., of Defiance,
Ohio, were admitted to practice.
No. 26. The United States of America, petitioner, v. Westinghouse
Electric and Manufacturing Co. On writ of certiorari to the United
States Court of Appeals for the First Circuit. Judgment reversed
insofar as it awards $25,600 to respondent and case remanded to the
United States District Court for the District of Massachusetts for
proceedings in conformity with the opinion of this Court. Opinion
by Mr. Justice Frankfurter. Dissenting opinion by Mr. Justice Jack-
son. Mr. Justice Douglas took no part in the consideration or
decision of this case.
No. 724. Benard South and Harold C. Fleming, appellants, v.
James Peters, as Chairman of the Georgia State Democratic Execu-
tive Committee, et al. Appeal from the United States District Court
for Northern Georgia. Decree affirmed with costs. Opinion per
curiam announced by Mr. Chief Justice Vinson. Dissenting opinion
by Mr. Justice Douglas in which Mr. Justice Black concurs.
850087-50--63

MONDAY, APRIL 17, 1950
The Chief Justice said:
181
"The orders of the Court appear upon the list certified by the
Chief Justice and filed with the Clerk and will not be announced
orally."
No. 353. California-Michigan Land and Water Company, peti-
tioner, v. City of Pasadena, a Municipal Corporation, et al. Petition
for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of California denied.
No. 595. W. O. Roberts, Superintendent of the Five Tribes
Agency, for Agnes Quapaw Hoffman, etc., petitioner, v. The United
States. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Claims denied.
No. 614. Ralph M. Brock, petitioner, v. Robert C. Solomon,
Trustee, etc.; and
No. 675. Henry E. Becker, petitioner, v. Robert C. Solomon,
Trustee, etc. Petitions for writs of certiorari to the Court of Appeals
for the Seventh Circuit denied.
No. 631. Ruth M. Morairty, petitioner, v. Mutual Life Insurance
Company of New York. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court
of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit denied.
No. 641. G. Pullen Jackson and Frank L. Horan, a partnership,
practicing under the name of Jackson and Horan, petitioners, v. Harry
V. Vance, Trustee of the Estate of William O. Stuart, et al. Petition
for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals for the Tenth Circuit
denied.
No. 643. Allied Oil Corporation, petitioner, v. Socony-Vacuum
Oil Company, Incorporated. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
Court of Appeals for the Seventh Circuit denied.
No. 669. Republic Steel Corporation, petitioner, v. The Farval
Corporation. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals
for the Sixth Circuit denied.
No. 359. William H. Hiatt, Warden, United States Penitentiary,
Atlanta, Georgia, petitioner, v. Eugene Preston Brown;
No. 525. Orin C. Clement, petitioner, v. Tighe E. Woods, Housing
Expediter, Office of Housing Expediter;
No. 543. Jiffy Lubricator Company, petitioner, v. The Alemite
Company;
No. 545. Laurie J. Carpenter, petitioner, v. Erie Railroad Com-
pany; and
No. 351, Misc. Ex parte Sol Newstead, petitioner. The petitions
for rehearing in these cases are severally denied. Mr. Justice Douglas
took no part in the consideration or decision of these applications.
No. 291, Misc. Joseph Rufus Langford, petitioner, v. The United
States of America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of
Appeals for the Ninth Circuit denied.

MONDAY, APRIL 17, 1950
182
No. 336, Misc. Cornelo Thomasson, petitioner, v. State of Missouri.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Missouri
denied.
No. 400, Misc. Daniel M. Kent, petitioner, v. People of the State
of Michigan. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of
Michigan denied.
No. 406, Misc. Randall Winegard, petitioner, v. Edwin T. Swen-
son, Warden. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals
of Maryland denied.
No. 413, Misc. Sadie Smith and Minnie Smith, petitioners, v. Mr.
& Mrs. J. L. Holt. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Ap-
peals of Kentucky denied.
No. 417, Misc. George Cubbler, petitioner, v. State of New Jersey.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of New Jersey
denied.
No. 419, Misc. Ralph Bindrin, petitioner, v. People of the State of
Illinois. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of
Illinois denied.
No. 426, Misc. Richard Blue, petitioner, v. Joseph E. Ragen,
Warden. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Criminal Court of
Cook County, Illinois, denied.
No. 435, Misc. Ross E. Dunlevy, petitioner, v. Browning Robinson,
Warden. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of San-
gamon County, Illinois, denied.
No. 450, Misc. J. F. Wild, petitioner, v. C. P. Burford, Warden.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the District Court of the County of
McCurtain, Oklahoma, denied.
No. 396, Misc. John Robert Bridges, alias Jack Bridges, petitioner,
v. State of North Carolina. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
Supreme Court of North Carolina denied. Mr. Justice Douglas is of
the opinion certiorari should be granted.
No. 449, Misc. Earnest Lee Potter, petitioner, v. Ralph N. Eidson,
Warden. Motion for leave to file petition for writ of habeas corpus
denied.
It is ordered that the call of the docket, except for special assign-
ments, be suspended for the term upon the conclusion of the argument
in case No. 568, and that the Court will take a recess from Monday,
April 24, until Monday, May 1, next.

MONDAY, APRIL 17, 1950
183
No. 490. The United States of America, appellant, v. Cotton
Valley Operators Committee et al. Motion for leave to file brief of
Wm. Dwight Whitney as amicus curiae submitted by Mr. John H.
Pickering in that behalf, and the motion denied.
No. 76. Travelers Health Association and R. E. Pratt, as Treasurer
Thereof, and in his personal capacity, appellants, v. Commonwealth
of Virginia, at the relation of State Corporation Commission. Re-
argued by Mr. Moses G. Hubbard, Jr., for the appellants and Mr. Wal-
ter E. Rogers for the appellee.
No. 306. Louis A. Johnson, Secretary of Defense of the United
States et al., petitioners, v. Lothar Eisentrager, alias Ludwig Ehr-
hardt, on his own behalf and as next friend of Franz Siebert et al.
Argued by Mr. Solicitor General Perlman for the petitioners and
Mr. A. Frank Reel and Mr. Milton Sandberg for the respondent.
Adjourned until tomorrow at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Tuesday, April 18, will be as follows: Nos. 434,
435, 490, 512 and 527, 513 and 528, 568.
☑

TUESDAY, APRIL 18, 1950
184
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: Mr. Chief Justice Vinson, Mr. Justice Black, Mr. Justice
Reed, Mr. Justice Frankfurter, Mr. Justice Douglas, Mr. Justice
Jackson, Mr. Justice Burton, Mr. Justice Clark, and Mr. Justice
Minton.
James Carter Cooper, of Rushville, Ind.; Henry A. Frye, of Phila-
delphia, Pa.; Loren Milo Hullinger, of Cedar Rapids, Iowa; Joseph
Stomel, of Los Angeles, Calif.; Thomas C. Heffernan, of Boston,
Mass.; Walter P. Armstrong, Jr., of Memphis, Tenn.; and Philip A.
Angell, of Randolph, Vt., were admitted to practice.
No. 434. National Labor Relations Board, petitioner, v. Mexia
Textile Mills, Inc.; and
No. 435. National Labor Relations Board, petitioner, v. Pool Man-
ufacturing Company. Argued by Mr. A. Norman Somers for the
petitioner and Mr. John M. Scott for the respondents.
No. 490. The United States of America, appellant, v. Cotton
Valley Operators Committee et al. Motion to dismiss or affirm sub-
mitted by Mr. Arthur O'Quin for appellees, Ohio Oil Company et al.
No. 490. The United States of America, appellant, v. Cotton
Valley Operators Committee et al. Argued by Mr. Assistant Attorney
General Bergson for appellant; by Mr. Arthur O'Quin for appellees,
Ohio Oil Company et al.; by Mr. Charles L. Black for appellees,
Stanolind Oil and Gas Company et al.; and case submitted by Mr.
Charles B. Wallace, Mr. Wallace Hawkins, and Mr. Earl A. Brown,
for appellee, Magnolia Petroleum Company.
No. 512. William A. Lyon, Superintendent of Banks of the State
of New York, etc., petitioner, v. Eugene T. Singer; and
No. 527. Eugene T. Singer, petitioner, v. The Yokohama Specie
Bank, Ltd., et al. Argument commenced by Mr. Albert R. Connelly,
for Eugene T. Singer.
Adjourned until tomorrow at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Wednesday, April 19, will be as follows: Nos.
512 and 527, 513 and 528, 568.
☑
850087-50-64

WEDNESDAY, APRIL 19, 1950
185
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: Mr. Chief Justice Vinson, Mr. Justice Black, Mr. Justice
Reed, Mr. Justice Frankfurter, Mr. Justice Douglas, Mr. Justice.
Jackson, Mr. Justice Burton, Mr. Justice Clark, Mr. Justice Minton.
Daniel Gersen, of New York City; John R. Gehrig, of Cincinnati,
Ohio; Anthony Albert Cardozo, of Modesto, Calif.; Stanislaus J.
Jablonski, of Worcester, Mass.; Morris Morgenstern, of Cleveland,
Ohio; Bernard B. Direnfeld, of Cleveland, Ohio; Marvin L. Shaw,
of Cleveland, Ohio; John Jennings Boland, of Washington, D. C.;
and William F. Leopold, Jr., of Philadelphia, Pa., were admitted
to practice.
No. 583. American President Lines, Ltd., petitioner, v. Augustus
Federer et al. Time within which to file response to petition for
writ of certiorari extended to and including April 27, on motion of
counsel for the respondents.
No. 512. William A. Lyon, Superintendent of Banks of the State
of New York, etc., petitioner, v. Eugene T. Singer; and
No. 527. Eugene T. Singer, petitioner, v. The Yokohama Specie
Bank, Ltd., et al. Argument continued by Mr. Albert R. Connelly
for Singer; by Mr. Edward Feldman for William A. Lyon, Superin-
tendent of Banks, et al.; by Mr. James L. Morrisson for the United
States as amicus curiae by special leave of Court; and concluded
by Mr. Albert R. Connelly for Singer.
No. 513. William A. Lyon, Superintendent of Banks of the State
of New York, etc., petitioner, v. Banque Mellie Iran; and
No. 528. Banque Mellie Iran, petitioner, v. William A. Lyon,
☐ Superintendent of Banks of the State of New York, etc. Argued by
Mr. Allen T. Klotz for the Banque Mellie Iran; by Mr. James L.
Morrisson for the United States as amicus curiae by special leave of
Court, and by Mr. Edward Feldman for William A. Lyon, Superin-
tendent of Banks, etc.
No. 568. Oscar R. Ewing, Federal Security Administrator, et al.,
appellants, v. Mytinger and Casselberry, a California Corporation.
Argument commenced by Mr. Robert L. Stern for the appellants.
Adjourned until tomorrow at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Thursday, April 20, will be as follows: No. 568.

THURSDAY, APRIL 20, 1950
186
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: Mr. Chief Justice Vinson, Mr. Justice Black, Mr. Justice
Reed, Mr. Justice Frankfurter, Mr. Justice Douglas, Mr. Justice Jack-
son, Mr. Justice Burton, Mr. Justice Clark, Mr. Justice Minton.
John Francis Doyle, of Washington, D. C.; Lester L. Lev, of Ful-
lerton, Calif.; Frederick J. Hertz, of Chicago, Ill.; Enos A. Axtell,
of Kansas City, Mo.; Ralph C. Busser, of Philadelphia, Pa.; and
James L. Abney, of Houston, Tex., were admitted to practice.
No. 568. Oscar R. Ewing, Federal Security Administrator, et al.,
appellants, v. Mytinger and Casselberry, a California Corporation.
Argument continued by Mr. Robert L. Stern for the appellants, by
Mr. Charles S. Rhyne for the appellee, and concluded by Mr. Robert
L. Stern for the appellants.
Adjourned until Monday, April 24, next, at 12 o'clock.
☑

MONDAY, APRIL 24, 1950
187
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: Mr. Chief Justice Vinson, Mr. Justice Black, Mr. Justice
Reed, Mr. Justice Douglas, Mr. Justice Jackson, Mr. Justice Burton,
Mr. Justice Clark, and Mr. Justice Minton.
Julius B. Nachman, of Alexandria, La.; Frederick H. Block, of
New York City; James L. Griffin, of Chicago, Ill.; Samuel S. Topper,
of Detroit, Mich.; Alfred E. McLane, of Dallas, Tex.; John A.
Murphy, of Phoenix, Ariz.; Richard L. Baltimore, Jr., of New York
City; Carl G. Lutz, of Indianapolis, Ind.; Donald O. Krag, of Al-
hambra, Calif.; Edward Schoen, Jr., of Newark, N. J.; Robert G.
MacAlister, of Pittsburgh, Pa.; Hayford O. Enwall, of Gainesville,
Fla.; C. Edward Leasure, of Washington, D. C.; Sidney Morse, of
Brooklyn, N. Y.; Wm. A. Glasgow, of Washington, D. C.; Russell
E. Smith, of Missoula, Mont.; George Herbert Seefeld, of New York
City; Paul M. Geist, of Bridgeport, Conn.; James Burnley Doak, of
Philadelphia, Pa.; John A. Dienner, Jr., of Chicago, Ill.; John Rex
Allen, of Chicago, Ill.; Wilbur Myron Jones, of New York City;
Vincent W. H. DeLucia, of New Haven, Conn.; Edwin N. Dwyer, of
New Haven, Conn.; Thomas Boyd Ramey, of Tyler, Tex.; Frederick
J. Waters, of New York City; Walter Rojek, of Chicago, Ill.; Matthew
H. Schoenbaum, of Chicago, Ill.; and Norman J. Small, of Washing-
ton, D. C., were admitted to practice.
No. 378. Kenneth J. Mullane, as Special Guardian and Attorney,
etc., appellant, v. Central Hanover Bank and Trust Company, as
Trustee, etc., et al. Appeal from the Court of Appeals of the State
of New York. Judgment reversed with costs and case remanded to
the Court of Appeals for further proceedings not inconsistent with the
opinion of this Court. Opinion by Mr. Justice Jackson. Dissenting:
Mr. Justice Burton. Mr. Justice Douglas took no part in the consid-
eration or decision of this case.
No. 46. Lee Cassell, petitioner, v. The State of Texas. On writ of L
certiorari to the Court of Criminal Appeals of the State of Texas.
Judgment reversed with costs and case remanded to the Court of
Criminal Appeals for further proceedings not inconsistent with the
opinion of this Court. Mr. Justice Reed announced the judgment of
850087-50-67

MONDAY, APRIL 24, 1950
188
the Court and an opinion in which the Chief Justice, Mr. Justice
Black, and Mr. Justice Clark concur. Opinion by Mr. Justice Frank-
furter concurring in the judgment in which Mr. Justice Burton and
Mr. Justice Minton join. Concurring opinion by Mr. Justice Clark.
Dissenting opinion by Mr. Justice Jackson. Mr. Justice Douglas took
no part in the consideration or decision of this case.
No. 689. E. B. Shipman and W. A. Shipman, individually, and
trading as Shipman Brothers, et al., appellants, v. Andrew J. DuPre
et al. Appeal from the United States District Court for the Eastern
District of South Carolina. Judgment of the District Court vacated,
each party to pay his or its own costs in this Court. The case is re-
manded to the District Court with directions to retain jurisdiction
of the complaint for a reasonable time, to afford appellants an oppor-
tunity to obtain, by appropriate proceedings, a construction by the
state court of the statutory provisions involved. Opinion per curiam
announced by Mr. Chief Justice Vinson. Dissenting: Mr. Justice
Douglas.
The Chief Justice announced the following orders of the Court:
No. 490. The United States of America, appellant, v. Cotton Val-
ley Operators Committee et al. Appeal from the United States
District Court for the Western District of Louisiana. Per curiam:
The judgment is affirmed by an equally divided Court. Mr. Justice
Clark took no part in the consideration or decision of this case.
No. 725. Nick Tedesco, appellant, v. Board of Supervisors of Elec-
tions for the Parish of Orleans et al. Appeal from the Court of
Appeal for the Parish of Orleans, Louisiana. Per curiam: The
motion to dismiss is granted and the appeal is dismissed for want of
a substantial federal question.
No. 727. William F. Hopkins, appellant, v. State of Maryland.
Appeal from the Court of Appeals of Maryland. Per curiam: The
appeal is dismissed for want of a substantial federal question.
The Chief Justice said:
"The other orders of the Court appear upon the list certified by the
Chief Justice and filed with the Clerk and will not be announced
orally."
ORDER
It is ordered that Maynard E. Pirsig, of Minneapolis, Minn., Dean
of the Law School of the University of Minnesota, be, and he hereby

MONDAY, APRIL 24, 1950
189
is, appointed a member of the Advisory Committee, appointed by
the order of June 3, 1935, and designated as a continuing Committee
to advise the Court with respect to amendments or additions to the
Rules of Civil Procedure for the District Courts of the United States,
by the order of January 5, 1942, in the place of Wilbur H. Cherry,
deceased.
-
In the Matter of Otto G. Cook. The motion to amend the
attorney roll to show the change of name of Otto G. Kuklinski to
Otto G. Cook is granted.
No. 648. The United States of America, petitioner, v. Munsing-
wear, Inc.; and
No. 649. The United States of America, petitioner, v. Munsing-
wear, Inc. Petition for writs of certiorari to the Court of Appeals
for the Eighth Circuit granted and cases transferred to the summary
docket.
No. 546. George E. Eddy and Samuel Silbiger, petitioners, v. Pru-
dence Bonds Corporation et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit denied.
No. 571. Clifford Dwane Helm, petitioner, v. State of Nevada.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Nevada denied.
No. 592. The United States of America, petitioner, v. Pevely Dairy
Company; and
No. 593. The United States of America, petitioner, v. St. Louis
Dairy Company. Petition for writs of certiorari to the Court of
Appeals for the Eighth Circuit denied.
No. 616. Plainfield Hotel Corporation, petitioner, v. The City of
Buffalo. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals for
the Second Circuit denied.
No. 632. Aurora G. Tamez, Independent Executrix of the Estate
of R. I. Tamez, deceased, petitioner, v. Tighe E. Woods, Housing
Expediter, Office of the Housing Expediter. Petition for writ of
certiorari to the Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 634. Union Pacific Railroad Company, petitioner, v. The
United States. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Claims
denied.
No. 652. Andrew Kjar, petitioner, v. The United States of America.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals for the Fifth
Circuit denied.
No. 656. Ring Construction Corporation, petitioner, v. The Secre-
tary of War of the United States. Petition for writ of certiorari to
the Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia Circuit denied.

MONDAY, APRIL 24, 1950
190
No. 660. Louisville and Jefferson County Metropolitan Sewer Dis-
trict, petitioner, v. Bond Brothers. Petition for writ of certiorari to
the Court of Appeals of Kentucky denied.
No. 661. The Commission of the Department of Public Utilities
of the Commonwealth of Massachusetts, petitioner, v. New York,
New Haven and Hartford Railroad Company. Petition for writ of
certiorari to the Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit denied.
No. 662. Nicholas W. Mathey, petitioner, v. Commissioner of In-
ternal Revenue. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Ap·
peals for the First Circuit denied.
No. 665. The Baltimore and Ohio Railroad Company, petitioner, v.
Hopper Paper Company. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court
of Appeals for the Seventh Circuit denied.
No. 683. Johnie Throckmorton, petitioner, v. St. Louis-San Fran-
cisco Railway Company. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court
of Appeals for the Eighth Circuit denied.
No. 280. Willapoint Oysters, Inc., petitioner, v. Oscar R. Ewing,
Administrator, et al., Acting Administrator, Federal Security Agency,
Food and Drug Administration. The motion for leave to file petition
for rehearing is denied. Mr. Justice Douglas took no part in the con-
sideration or decision of this application.
No. 552. William R. Mestice, petitioner, v. Anthony Masi;
No. 596. Cornelia Harris, petitioner, v. Commissioner of Internal
Revenue; and
No. 397, Misc. Everett Rheim, petitioner, v. John A. Lyons, Com-
missioner. The petitions for rehearing in these cases are severally
denied.
No. 337, Misc. John Edwin Byers, petitioner, v. Walter A. Hunter,
Warden. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals for
the Tenth Circuit denied.
No. 392, Misc. Paul L. Cromelin, petitioner, v. The United States
of America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals
for the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 440, Misc. Eddie Mitchell, petitioner, v. People of the State
of California et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme
Court of California denied.
No. 442, Misc. Edward J. Sterba, Jr., petitioner, v. Judge Francis
Borelli et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Criminal Court of
Cook County, Illinois, denied.
No. 443, Misc. Arthur Rivers, petitioner, v. State of Indiana. Pe-
tition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of St. Joseph County,
Indiana, denied.

MONDAY, APRIL 24, 1950
191
No. 444, Misc. Jack Swoveland, petitioner, v. W. Frank Smyth,
Jr., Supt. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of
Appeals of Virginia denied.
No. 447, Misc. Edmond Arthur Rohde, petitioner, v. Joseph E.
Ragen, Warden. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court
of Illinois denied.
No. 448, Misc. Frank Barnes, petitioner, v. People of the State of
Illinois. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Illi-
nois denied.
No. 451, Misc. George Ross Wagner, petitioner, v. Joseph E.
Ragen, Warden. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court
of Illinois denied.
No. 452, Misc. Henry Nelson, petitioner, v. Joseph E. Ragen,
Warden. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of
Illinois denied.
No. 461, Misc. Anthony Adams, petitioner, v. Joseph E. Ragen,
Warden. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of
Illinois denied.
No. 465, Misc. Emanuel Perrozzi, petitioner, v. Joseph E. Ragen,
Warden. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of Will
County, the Criminal Court of Cook County, and the Supreme Court
of Illinois, denied.
No. 473, Misc. Theodore Wulsch, petitioner, v. Browning Robin-
son, Warden. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of
Saint Clair County, Illinois, denied.
No. 387, Misc. Eugene K. Quillian, petitioner, v. Joseph M.
Sweeney, Sheriff, et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of
Appeals of Ohio denied. Mr. Justice Douglas is of the opinion the
petition should be granted.
No. 388, Misc. Robert Woodall, A. K. A. Frank Woodall, peti-
tioner, v. Joseph M. Sweeney, Sheriff et al. Petition for writ of cer-
tiorari to the Court of Appeals of Ohio denied. Mr. Justice Douglas
is of the opinion the petition should be granted.
No. 430, Misc. E. I. Du Pont de Nemours and Company et al., pe-
tioners, v. United States District Court for the Northern District of
Illinois, et al. The motion for leave to file petition for writ of manda-
mus and/or certiorari is denied.
No. 455, Misc. Frederick Lee Spillman, petitioner, v. J. Vernal
Jackson, Warden. The motion for leave to file petition for writ of
certiorari is denied.

MONDAY, APRIL 24, 1950
192
No. 464, Misc. George Robert Slade, petitioner, v. Emery E.
Jacques, Warden. The motion for leave to file petition for writ of
habeas corpus is denied.
ORDER
IT IS ORDERED that paragraph 7 of rule 32 of the Rules of this Court
be amended so as to read as follows:
"7. In pursuance of section 1911 of title 28 of the United States
Code, the fees to be charged by the Clerk of this Court are fixed as
follows:
"(a) For docketing a case on appeal or petition for writ of cer-
tiorari or docketing any other proceeding, $100.00, to be increased to
$150.00 in a case on appeal or writ of certiorari when oral argument is
permitted.
"(b) For preparing the record for the printer, indexing the same,
supervising the printing and distributing the printed copies to the
justices, the reporter, the library, and the parties or their counsel, 20
cents per folio of each 100 words; but where the necessary printed
copies of the record as printed for the use of the court below are
furnished, charges under this item will be limited to any additions
printed here under the clerk's supervision, plus a handling charge of
$25.00 in cases in which oral argument is permitted.
"(c) For preparing, on filing, for the printer, petitions for writs
of certiorari, briefs, jurisdictional statements or motions when re-
quired by the Rules, or at the request of counsel, when, in the opinion
of the clerk, circumstances require, indexing the same, changing record
references to conform to the pagination of the printed record, and
supervising the printing, 20 cents per folio of each 100 words. Neither
the expense of printing nor the clerk's supervising fee shall be allowed
as costs in the case.
"(d) For making a copy (except a photographic reproduction) of
any record or paper, and comparison thereof, 40 cents per page of 250
words or fractions thereof; for comparing for certification a copy
(except a photographic reproduction) of any record or paper when
such copy is furnished by the person requesting its certification,
10 cents for each page of 250 words or fraction thereof.
"For comparing with the original thereof any photographic repro-
duction of any record or paper, when furnished by the person re-
questing its certification, 5 cents for each page.
"(e) For a certificate and seal, $3.00.

MONDAY, APRIL 24, 1950
193
"(f) For an admission to the Bar and certificate under seal, $25.00.
"(g) For a duplicate certificate of an admission to the Bar under
seal, $10.00."
IT IS FURTHER ORDERED that this order shall apply to cases docketed
on or after May 1, 1950.
ORDER
IT IS ORDERED that the concluding sentence of paragraph 9 of Rule
13 of the Rules of this Court be amended so as to read as follows:
"The fees of the clerk under Rule 32, paragraph 7, shall be computed
on the folios in the record as printed, and shall be in full for the
performance of his duties in that regard."
IT IS FURTHER ORDERED that this order shall apply to cases docketed
on or after May 1, 1950.
ORDER
The Clerk is directed to abandon the practice of awarding an attor-
ney's docket fee except as provided by statute in admiralty cases.
This order shall apply to cases docketed on and after May 1, 1950.
Adjourned until Monday, May 1, next, at 12 o'clock.
✓

MONDAY, MAY 1, 1950
194
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: Mr. Chief Justice Vinson, Mr. Justice Black, Mr. Justice
Frankfurter, Mr. Justice Douglas, Mr. Justice Jackson, Mr. Justice
Burton, Mr. Justice Clark, and Mr. Justice Minton.
Benj. G. Habberton, of Dallas, Tex.; Rogers C. Kelley, of Edinburg,
Tex.; Arad McCutchan Riggs, of New York City; John B. Ebinger,
of Klamath Falls, Oreg.; B. G. Langston, of Lakeland, Fla.; William
J. Bivens, of St. Augustine, Fla.; Charles H. Thompson, of Harris-
burg, Ill.; George B. Lee, of Harrisburg, Ill.; Jesse D. Davis, of Tulsa,
Okla.; Albert Theodore Suter, of San Francisco, Calif.; Harry W.
Lindsey, Jr., of Chicago, Ill.; Curtis F. McClane, of New York City;
Edmond J. Shea, of Lackawanna, N. Y.; Rhoda V. Lewis, of Hono-
lulu, Hawaii; R. deS. Shryock, of Philadelphia, Pa.; Edward T.
Kenny, of New York City; E. Kendell Davis, of Sacramento, Calif.;
Louis Eisenstein, of Washington, D. C.; Solomon B. Rosenzweig, of
Chicago, Ill.; Alan B. Todd, of New York City; Frank Ray Ander-
son, of Falls Church, Va.; and Carl R. Lauritsen, of Elsa, Tex., were
admitted to practice.
The Chief Justice announced the following orders of the Court:
No. 427. Hartness Flowers, appellant, v. State of Mississippi.
Appeal from the Supreme Court of Mississippi. Per curiam: The
motion for leave to proceed in forma pauperis is granted. The appeal
is dismissed for want of jurisdiction. Title 28, United States Code,
Sec. 1257 (2). Treating the papers whereon the appeal was allowed
as a petition for writ of certiorari as required by Title 28, United
States Code, Sec. 2103, certiorari is denied. Mr. Justice Black and
Mr. Justice Douglas are of the opinion certiorari should be granted.
No. 687. David Franklin, appellant, v. J. Walker Harper, C. Nolan
Bowden, and G. E. Murphey. Appeal from the Supreme Court of
Georgia. Per curiam: The motion to dismiss is granted and the
appeal is dismissed for want of a substantial federal question.
No. 713. The United States of America and Interstate Commerce
Commission, appellants, v. The Texas and Pacific Motor Transport
Company; and
No. 714. Regular Common Carrier Conference of American
Trucking Associations, Inc., appellant, v. The Texas and Pacific
Motor Transport Company. In these cases probable jurisdiction is
850087-50-68

MONDAY, MAY 1, 1950
195
noted. The cases are transferred to the summary docket and assigned
for argument immediately following No. 654.
No. 584. The United States of America, petitioner, v. Security
Trust and Savings Bank of San Diego, Executor, etc., et al.;
No. 585. The United States of America, petitioner, v. Security
Trust and Savings Bank of San Diego, Executor, etc., et al.;
No. 586. The United States of America, petitioner, v. Security
Trust and Savings Bank of San Diego, Executor, etc., et al.; and
No. 587. The United States of America, petitioner, v. Security
Trust and Savings Bank of San Diego, Executor, etc., et al. Petition
for writs of certiorari to the District Court of Appeal for the Fourth
Appellate District of California granted.
No. 686. The Great Atlantic and Pacific Tea Company, petitioner,
v. Supermarket Equipment Corporation, substituted for Evelyn B.
Bradley and Joe Weingarten. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
Court of Appeals for the Sixth Circuit granted and the case trans-
ferred to the summary docket.
The Chief Justice said:
"The other orders of the Court appear upon the list certified by the
Chief Justice and filed with the Clerk and will not be announced
orally."
No. 542. Duncan Coffee Company, petitioner, v. Reconstruction
Finance Corporation. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United
States Emergency Court of Appeals denied.
No. 562. Local 36, International Fishermen and Allied Workers
of America et al., petitioners, v. The United States of America. Pe-
tition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals for the Ninth
Circuit denied.
No. 651. William L. Burns and Mable Burns, petitioners, v. The
Mutual Benefit Life Insurance Company of Newark, New Jersey.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals for the Sixth
Circuit denied.
No. 658. Mary Kathryn Castle Steinway, petitioner, v. Majestic
Amusement Company, Hotel Frontier, Inc., et al. Petition for writ
of certiorari to the Court of Appeals for the Tenth Circuit denied.
No. 668. Insurance Company of North America, petitioner, v.
Carl T. Howe. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals
for the Sixth Circuit denied.
No. 672. The Hygienic Products Company, petitioner, v. Judson
Dunaway Corporation; and
No. 681. Judson Dunaway Corporation, petitioner, v. The Hy-
gienic Products Company. Petitions for writs of certiorari to the
Court of Appeals for the First Circuit denied.

MONDAY, MAY 1, 1950
196
No. 673. Nellie Ione Gray, Evlyn Levison, A. C. McLaughlin,
et al., petitioners, v. Ambrose Oldland, Carrie Knowles, et al. Peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals for the Tenth Cir-
cuit denied.
No. 679. William M. Jones and O. (Ora) King, petitioners, v. A.
(Ace) Gutowsky. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of
Appeals for the Tenth Circuit denied.
No. 688. Noble C. Powell, petitioner, v. Rowland W. Young.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals for the Fifth
Circuit denied.
No. 692. M. and M. Transportation Company, suing on its behalf
and all other Interstate Motor Carriers operating to and from and
through the City of New York, petitioner, v. City of New York, Laz-
arus Joseph, as Comptroller of the City of New York, et al. Petition
for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals of New York denied.
No. 694. E. H. Albrecht et al., petitioners, v. Indiana Harbor Belt
Railroad Company. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of
Appeals for the Seventh Circuit denied.
No. 695. Bentley S. Handwork et al., Individually and as Trustees,
etc., petitioners, v. Horace A. Young, as Trustee in Bankruptcy of the
Estate of George R. Joslyn, Bankrupt; and
No. 696. Bentley S. Handwork et al., Individually and as Trustees,
etc., petitioners, v. Horace A. Young, as Trustee in Bankruptcy of the
Estate of George R. Joslyn, Bankrupt. Petition for writs of certiorari
to the Court of Appeals for the Seventh Circuit denied.
No. 733. The Charter Oak Fire Insurance Company and United
States Fire Insurance Company of New York, petitioners, v. Harry
J. Gerrity and Blanche Hunt Gerrity. Petition for writ of certiorari
to the Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia Circuit denied.
No. 674. Armand Gregoire, petitioner, v. Francis Biddle, Tom C.
Clark, et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals
for the Second Circuit denied. Mr. Justice Clark took no part in the
consideration or decision of this application.
No. 697. Garfield A. Berlinsky, petitioner, v. Tighe E. Woods,
Housing Expediter, Office of Housing Expediter, et al. The motion to
dispense with printing the petition and record is granted. Petition
for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals for the Fourth Circuit
denied.
No. 14. Eugene Dennis, petitioner, v. The United States of
America. The motion of O. John Rogge and Benedict Wolf for leave
to file brief as amici curiae is denied. The petition for rehearing is
denied. Mr. Justice Douglas and Mr. Justice Clark took no part in
the consideration or decision of these applications.

MONDAY, MAY 1, 1950
197
No. 163. Commodities Trading Corporation et al., petitioners, v.
The United States;
No. 156. The United States, petitioner, v. Commodities Trading
Corporation et al.; and
No. 337. Railway Labor Executives' Association, appellant, v. The
United States of America, Interstate Commerce Commission, City of
New Orleans, Louisiana, et al. Petitions for rehearing in these cases
denied. The Chief Justice and Mr. Justice Douglas took no part in
the consideration or decision of these applications.
No. 301, Misc. Fred Tate, petitioner, v. Robert A. Heinze, Warden.
The second petition for rehearing is denied. Mr. Justice Douglas
took no part in the consideration or decision of this application.
No. 373, Misc. David Almeida, petitioner, v. Commonwealth of
Pennsylvania. The petition for rehearing is denied.
No. 324, Misc. Richard Anderson Lowe, petitioner, v. George D.
Killinger, etc., et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of
Appeals for the District of Columbia Circuit denied.
No. 422, Misc. James Arrington, petitioner, v. State of Alabama.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Alabama
denied.
No. 441, Misc. Paul Lee Holt, petitioner, v. People of the State of
California et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court
of California denied.
No. 454, Misc. Robert Young, petitioner, v. People of the State
of California et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme
Court of California denied.
No. 468, Misc. William Lester Keith, petitioner, v. W. C. Miller,
Warden. The motion for leave to file petition for writ of certiorari
is denied.
No. 470, Misc. Julius Edward Epple, petitioner, v. Clinton T.
Duffy, Warden; and
No. 471, Misc. Joseph Hobbs, Jr., petitioner, v. Edwin T. Swenson,
Warden. Motions for leave to file petitions for writs of habeas corpus
denied.
Adjourned until Monday, May 8, next, at 12 o'clock.
Х

MONDAY, MAY 8, 1950
198
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: Mr. Chief Justice Vinson, Mr. Justice Black, Mr. Justice
Reed, Mr. Justice Frankfurter, Mr. Justice Douglas, Mr. Justice
Jackson, Mr. Justice Burton, Mr. Justice Clark, and Mr. Justice
Minton.
Mr. Solicitor General Perlman addressed the Court as follows:
"May it please this Honorable Court: At a meeting of members of
the bar of the Supreme Court, held on November 4, 1949, resolutions
expressing their profound sorrow at the death of Chief Justice Charles
Evans Hughes were offered by a committee, of which the Honor-
able John W. Davis was chairman. Addresses on the resolutions were
made by former Governor Nathan L. Miller of New York; former
New York Appellate Division Justice Joseph M. Proskauer; the Hon-
orable Charles Cheney Hyde, Professor Emeritus of International
Law at Columbia University and Solicitor of the Department of State
during the period when Mr. Hughes was Secretary of that Depart-
ment; and the Honorable John Lord O'Brian, former Assistant Attor-
ney General of the United States, and a long-time associate of the
late Chief Justice in many legal and political affairs before his eleva-
tion to the bench. The resolutions, adopted unanimously, are as
follows:
"RESOLUTIONS
"On the 27th of August 1948 in the Eighty-seventh year of his
life, Charles Evans Hughes, eleventh Chief Justice of the United
States, departed this life. He had laid down the burdens of his great
office 'for reasons of health and age,' as he said, on July 1, 1941. He
carried however into his retirement and retained until his death the
widespread admiration and affection which he had earned by a life-
time of devoted services to his profession and his country.
"We, members of the bar of the Supreme Court, meet today to
place on record our estimate of the man and our appraisal of his labors.
"His career belongs to history and we do not attempt to chronicle
all of its incidents. Born of intellectual and cultured parents, he
was trained by them in boyhood in the use of his exceptional mind.
He early proved his mental power by consistently winning honors and
distinction in his educational life. In 1884 when but 22 years of age
he was admitted to the bar of the State of New York and from that
time until his death, no matter how tempted to other pursuits, he
remained a servant of the law.
850087-50-69

MONDAY, MAY 8, 1950
199
"Upon his admission he entered the employ of the firm of Chamber-
lain, Carter & Hornblower in the City of New York and four years
later after he had become a partner he married Miss Antoinette Carter,
daughter of the senior member of the firm. It was a most fortunate.
choice and she remained his beloved companion until her death in
1945 left a void that could not be filled.
"He early interrupted his increasingly busy life at the bar by two
years as a law teacher at Cornell University. And within little more.
than a decade after returning to the practice, he won public acclaim
as counsel for committees of the Legislature of New York in the
investigation of the gas and insurance companies.
"Comparatively young and relatively unknown, he demonstrated
an extraordinary capacity in dealing with complicated accounts, and
in ascertaining and revealing the existence of abuses and framing
legislation designed to prevent their continuance or recurrence. In
the investigation of the life insurance companies especially, he at-
tracted favorable public attention throughout the land and was given
principal credit for exposing and eradicating the illegal and objec-
tionable practices that were then prevalent. His outstanding contri-
bution in a matter of such vital Nation-wide importance soon reaped
its deserved reward. Without his seeking, he was nominated and
elected as Governor of the State in 1906 and reelected in 1908. To-
ward the end of his second gubernatorial term he was called by Presi-
dent Taft to the bench of the Supreme Court. This office he resigned
after six years to become the Republican nominee for the presidency
in 1916, and upon his defeat in the ensuing campaign he once more
returned to active practice at the bar. In 1921 President Harding
named him as Secretary of State. After four years in that office he
again took on the work of a practicing lawyer. In 1928 he was
elected a judge of the permanent Court of International Justice but
retired from that position when President Hoover in 1930 nominated
him for the Chief Justiceship.
"It is notable that in all this chain of events he followed the rule,
laid down by Benjamin Franklin, never to seek a public office and
never to refuse one when offered. It could never be said of him that he
was greedy for office. No nomination or appointment came to him of
his own seeking. And his various terms of service were ended by his
resignation. Thus he resigned as Governor to become a Justice of
the Supreme Court; he resigned as Justice of the Supreme Court to
become a nominee for the Presidency; he resigned as Secretary of
State upon the election of President Coolidge; he resigned as Judge
of the International Court to become Chief Justice of the United
States.

MONDAY, MAY 8, 1950
200
"When his biography comes to be written, it will be easy for the
author to cull from his many opinions, speeches, and writings, pas-
sages that fully develop his philosophy of life. He was a self-con-
tained and self-reliant man; never a silent one, yet not given overmuch
to self-disclosure. But it is clear that from his earliest days he enter-
tained a deep-rooted reverence for equal justice under law. This was
his ideal, this his guiding star, this his lifetime ambition to which he
gave frequent expression and which he pursued with unswerving
devotion both on the bench and at the bar.
"In the great speech which he delivered at London, in Westminster
Hall in 1924, on behalf of the American Bar Association, he gave
eloquent utterance to his creed. Said he:
66
'The fundamental conception which we especially cherish as our
heritage is the right to law itself, not as the edict of arbitrary power
but as the law of a free people, springing from custom, responsive to
their sense of justice, modified and enlarged by their free will to meet
conscious needs and sustained by authority which is itself subject to
the law the law of the land.
* We of the common law
respect authority but it is the authority of the legal order. We respect
those who in station high or humble execute the law-because it is
our law. We esteem them but only as they esteem and keep within
the law.'
* *
"Even in private life he was not spared from public demands, as
when President Wilson called on him to survey the aircraft program
during World War I, or when in 1926 he headed a successful commis-
sion to reorganize the administrative agencies of the state. It was
but natural, too, that his professional brethren should constantly call
on him to lead and vitalize their various organizations. At one time
or another he was President of the Association of the Bar of the City
of New York, of the New York County Lawyers Association, of the
New York State Bar Association, and of the American Bar
Association.
"His exalted conception of a lawyer's duty is illustrated by the fact
that upon his resumption of practice after his campaign for the Presi-
dency of the United States one of his first acts was to accept the presi-
dency of the Legal Aid Society of New York City. The present use-
fulness of that organization is due in large part to the impetus he
gave it. His idea of its purpose he stated in these words:
""We are trying to make firm the foundations of the Republic
through confidence in the administration of justice; through love of
country; not of the flag in a sentimental way—that is well enough-
but through love of the institutions of the country; in respect for the
judicial institutions of the country and by the determination that when

MONDAY, MAY 8, 1950
201
we say we will regard neither rich nor poor we mean not simply im-
partiality and integrity of courts; we mean actual advice, representa-
tion, the power of the expert bar, the strong man of democracy at
the service of the weak.'
"Another incident illustrating his conception of a lawyer's duty
occurred when the Assembly of the State of New York passed in 1920
a resolution expelling five members of the Socialist Party who had
been regularly elected to that body. At once he stepped forward as
the spokesman of public right and denounced the proceeding as thor-
oughly un-American. In a ringing open letter to the Speaker of the
Assembly he wrote:
666* * * it is absolutely opposed to the fundamental principles
of our government for a majority to undertake to deny representa-
tion to a minority through its representatives elected by ballots law-
fully cast. If there was anything against these men as individ-
uals
they should be charged accordingly.
*
* *
""But I understand that the action is not directed against these five
elected members as individuals, but that the proceeding is virtually
an attempt to indict a political party and to deny it representation in
the Legislature. That is not, in my judgment, American government.'
"Be it said to the credit of the bar associations of the State and city,
that, following the lead he gave them, they joined him in a no less
ardent protest.
"As an advocate at the bar he was earnest, forceful, and persuasive;
in counsel, wise and exact. He possessed an extraordinary memory
and a great capacity for the analysis of complicated facts and the de-
termination of their weight and consequence. He gave to every case
exhaustive scrutiny and could never be taken unawares or unprepared.
One who had large opportunity to observe him and other famous
lawyers of his day has said: 'He was a man whose equal I have never
seen at the bar.”
"These faculties, together with a tireless industry, he carried with
him to the bench. There, as his successor in office has said, 'He was
fired by a passion for prompt and faithful performance of the work
of the Court.' The word 'passion' is particularly well chosen. To
comment at this moment upon all the opinions which he rendered
would be impossible, and selection of those foremost in importance
would be hardly less difficult. He reasoned cogently and wrote clearly
with a minimum of striving for literary ornament or display. But he
served at a time when great and novel questions were to the fore. He
took a large and statesmanlike view of the function of the Court and
was determined that no act or word of his should lessen its dignity
or usefulness.

MONDAY, MAY 8, 1950
202
"He evidenced his jealous concern for the Court as an institution
when the bill affecting the membership of the Court came forward
during his term as Chief Justice. The measure was promoted on
the ground, among others, that the efficiency of the Court would be
improved by an enlargement of its membership. He reacted strongly
to the implied reflection on the then efficiency of the Court and his
letter on the subject to Senator Wheeler was probably a large contri-
bution to the defeat of the bill.
"His colleagues on the Court have spoken from time to time in
praise of the manner in which he conducted the deliberations of the
Court. How great was his contribution in conference they best can
know. But the members of the bar who stood before him cannot
forget his urbanity, his attentiveness, his helpfulness, nor the manner,
at all times kindly but nevertheless firm, in which he recalled a wan-
dering advocate to the issues at hand.
"Few men have ever been called upon to serve their country in such
high offices and for such extended periods. None has ever served with
more conscientious fidelity. As a lawyer, as a statesman and as a
jurist, he labored well and left behind him so splendid a record of
achievement that his professional brethren who were privileged to
witness its creation will always regard it as an inspiration to greater
effort.
"Wherefore, Be It Resolved, That we, the members of the bar of the
Supreme Court of the United States, express our sorrow that the long
life of former Chief Justice Hughes has reached its end. We record
our high appreciation of his great qualities of mind and heart, our
full recognition of his many public services to his country and our deep
gratitude for the lustre that he shed by his life and character upon the
profession which he so adorned.
"Be It Also Resolved, That the Attorney General be asked to present
these resolutions to the Court and to request that they be permanently
inscribed upon its record."
Mr. Attorney General McGrath addressed the Court as follows:
"May it please the Court: Five times within the last forty years,
within the personal experience of some now present here today, this
Court has met to receive the Minute and Resolutions of its Bar to
mark the passing of a Chief Justice of the United States.
"Today your Honors meet to mourn Charles Evans Hughes, the
eleventh Chief Justice, and to commemorate, in fitting and reverent
fashion, his life and his judicial services.
"This would be, in any event, a solemn occasion. But it is addi-
tionally marked with sadness by reason of the untimely death, since

MONDAY, MAY 8, 1950
203
the meeting of the Bar of this Court in November last, of the late
Chief Justice's only son, Charles Evans Hughes the younger, one
time able Solicitor General of the United States.
"The Minute and the Resolutions of the Bar which have been read,
and the addresses which were made in November, outlined Chief Jus-
tice Hughes' career, at the bar, in public office, and on this bench. I
shall not attempt even to summarize what was there so eloquently and
so gracefully said, and, since I did not have the privilege of acquaint-
ance with the late Chief Justice, there are no personal touches which
I could add to what was said by those who knew him. But I venture
to think that it would not be inappropriate if I were to suggest, how-
ever briefly, an appraisal of those qualities which contributed to his
eminence among those very eminent men who preceded him in the
Chief Justiceship.
"First of all, Charles Evans Hughes came to this Court the second
time with a wide and varied experience in public life. He had been
Governor of his State. He had been a candidate for President-and
the nomination came to him unsought. He had been Secretary of
State, directing the foreign relations of this country during the critical
years that followed the end of the First World War. He had been
counsel for investigatory bodies of his State legislature, and had con-
ducted the wartime investigation of the aircraft industry. He had
been for six years a Justice of this Court, and had been a member of
the Permanent Court of International Justice as well. He was thus
superbly equipped to preside over a tribunal which is, necessarily
and inescapably, the final arbiter between the claims of the individual
and those of government, as well as between the powers of the States
and those of the Nation. It is precisely because the resolution of
those fundamental questions involves judgments that are political
in the larger sense that judges with first-hand experience in legislative
and executive and administrative tasks have been in the forefront
of those who have left a lasting impress on our constitutional law.
"Second, Chief Justice Hughes was a consummate lawyer. As one
of his associates has said, he 'could tear the heart out of books because
all his life he had been a student.' With the exception of two years
of law teaching as a young man, all of his life when not in public
office was devoted to the practice-the very active practice-of the
law.
His handling of cases was characterized by a complete mastery
of the facts and of the law, and by powerful and persuasive advocacy.
The same qualities characterized his opinions in this Court. A Hughes
opinion stands up under the most searching analysis and after-scru-
tiny, and its style is, very literally, the man himself: well-organized
thoroughly logical, rolling onward in powerful sentences to an irre-
sistible conclusion.

MONDAY, MAY 8, 1950
204
"Finally, Chief Justice Hughes had the indispensable quality of
integrity. A man of principles and quite without fear, he never chose
the path that was merely easy. He knew that the greatest evils follow
a compromise with or an appeasement of evil. And so he espoused and
defended causes because of their merits wholly irrespective of public
acclaim. Hughes' career throughout exemplifies what Mr. O'Brian
has so well expressed, a 'disdain for considerations of expediency.'
"When, therefore, some dozen or so years ago, the country was in
the throes of a grave constitutional crisis, it was fortunate indeed,
from whatever point of vantage that crisis is viewed, that Charles
Evans Hughes was Chief Justice. I have no wish, least of all in this
Chamber, to revive the emotions which it evoked, or even to recall the
broad outlines of the struggle. But viewing the matter in retrospect,
realizing that the conflict was either one that both sides would lose
or that both sides would win, I think it both fair and accurate to say
that to Chief Justice Hughes must go much of the credit for the ulti-
mate outcome, which not only preserved our most cherished institu-
tions but yet adapted them to the manifold needs of an increasingly
complex society. Like the common law worthies of old, Hughes
summed up the law, restated it, adapted it, and passed it on, making it
serve the demands of the present, yet preserving its continuity with
the past and its capacity for growth in the future. And, like Mar-
shall, Hughes was ever mindful that 'it is a constitution we are
expounding (4 Wheaton 407).
"For Hughes himself the process involved very little back-tracking.
He had written eloquent dissents in the Railroad Retirement Act case.
(Retirement Board v. Alton R. Co., 295 U. S. 330) and in the New
York minimum wage case (Morehead v. New York ex rel. Tipaldo,
298 U. S. 587); the views he expressed there did not later need to
be changed. He had similarly, in the first Guffey Coal Act case
(Carter v. Carter Coal Co., 298 U. S. 238), set forth a basis for sus-
taining the statute which the majority struck down. Possibly his most
questionable utterance, in the light of later decisions, was the com-
merce clause portion of his opinion in the Schecter case (Schecter
Corp v. United States, 295 U. S. 495); as to that, it is probably suf-
ficient to say that no member of the Court expressed any contem-
poraneous disagreement with what was there said. And of course his
views on civil liberties were consistently liberal, from the days of
Bailey v. Alabama (219 U. S. 219) during his first service on the
bench, through a whole series of land-mark cases, whose mere listing
is a temptation which I must resist, though with regret, down to
Mitchell v. United States (313 U. S. 80), decided in his last term of
Court.

MONDAY, MAY 8, 1950
205
"It would be tempting, too, to dwell upon Chief Justice Hughes'
work as presiding officer of the Court, of his contribution to the
formulation and promulgation of the Rules of Procedure, and of his
relation to the functioning of the entire Federal judicial system
through the Conference of Senior Circuit Judges and the Administra-
tive Office of the United States Courts. But my time is fleeting, and
I must leave untouched this and many other fields in which the late
Chief Justice labored and left his mark.
"Few men, in our or any other age, have packed so much and such
superlative accomplishment into a single lifetime as did Charles
Evans Hughes. Today, on this occasion, we are perhaps more im-
mediately concerned with his accomplishments as Chief Justice. We
know now indeed, we knew during his lifetime-that he was a great
Chief Justice. And as the years pass, as the immediate past recedes
to a point where it can be viewed with more perspective, so that the
constitutional problems of the 1930's can be examined with at least
some of the detachment with which we examine those of, let us say, the
1850's, then, I venture to predict, the name of Charles Evans Hughes
will be linked with those of Marshall and Taney on the list of the
greatest expounders of our fundamental law.
"May it please the Court: On behalf of the bar of this Court, who
in this matter speak for all the lawyers in the land, I move that the
Minute and Resolutions heretofore presented in memory of Chief
Justice Hughes be accepted, and that, together with the chronicle of
these proceedings, they be spread upon the permanent records of this
Court."
The Chief Justice said:
"Mr. Attorney General: The Court receives the resolutions which
you present in the confidence that they express the appreciation of his
career which Chief Justice Hughes would most have welcomed. For
he regarded 'the esteem of his professional brethern' as 'the highest
reward that can come to a lawyer.' And in such qualifications as you
have mentioned, experience, ability and integrity, he recognized the
only possible foundations for such esteem. The favorable judgment
of one's fellows at the Bar, he said, is 'commanded solely by integrity
of character and by brains and skill in the honorable performance of
professional duty **. No manipulator or negotiator can secure
it. It is essentially a tribute to a rugged independence of thought
and intellectual honesty which shine forth amid the clouds of contro-
versy. It is a tribute to exceptional power controlled by conscience
and by a sense of public duty.' Such a tribute, so fittingly recorded
in the resolutions which have just been read, could hardly be more
genuinely merited than by the attainments of position, character, and
intellect achieved by Charles Evans Hughes.
*

MONDAY, MAY 8, 1950
206
"When he took his seat as eleventh Chief Justice of the United
States, Charles Evans Hughes was no stranger to lofty judicial or
executive post. The impressive list of public offices he held will bear
another brief repetition. He had been a Judge of the Permanent
Court of International Justice, a Member of the Permanent Court
of Arbitration, and for six terms commencing in 1910, a member of
this Court. In the executive branch of the national Government, he
had been Secretary of State in two administrations, and the nominee
of his Party for President. In his native New York, after spectacu-
larly successful years as counsel to investigative committees, he was
twice elected Governor. Each of these positions he fulfilled with
unique distinction.
"This career of public service, rare in the rich variety of its prizes,
should not induce neglect of Chief Justice Hughes' achievements as
a practicing member of the Bar. His law firm was quick to accord its
recognition to him. At the time he began his public career, when he
was in his early forties, he was in the topmost rank of the New York
Bar. In his subsequent period of private practice, he of course en-
joyed the prestige of the Governship and Justiceship he had held.
But the qualities of his intelligence and character were chiefly respon-
sible for the vigor and breadth of his advocacy which won for him
the acknowledged leadership of the American practicing Bar. Charles
Evans Hughes was a great lawyer before he became a great judge.
"What was the fusion of inner forces which produced such a man?
The answer cannot be simple and may be put in an infinite variety of
ways. In your remarks, Mr. Attorney General, and in the resolutions
which have been read, some elements of that fusion have been elo-
quently expressed. To me, Chief Justice Hughes' primary attribute
was balance, a perfect union of opposing tendencies. He was thinker
and doer, scholar and politician. Absolute master he was of law,
both law as written in the books and law as lived through functioning
social institutions. His efficiency was superb, but it was tempered by
a zealous humanitarianism.
"His magnificent efficiency of thought and administration has been
most emphasized. The reach of his intellectual and executive abili-
ties was extensive, incisive, and profound. Best of all, it was subject
to rigorous self-control. His superlative talents for receiving and
retaining ideas, for analyzing and applying legal principles, gave
ready obedience to the most drastic of self-imposed disciplines. But
his mastery of self was not subservient to a narrowing approach nor
an unchanging position. Always he was alert to recognize and utilize
better tenets and techniques. He knew when to reform as well as
when to preserve. His understanding encompassed the ultimate possi-
bilities as well as the practical probabilities.
850087-50-70

MONDAY, MAY 8, 1950
207
"So obvious and manifold were his abilities that the spirit in which
they were applied is sometimes slighted. Charles Evans Hughes was
a humanitarian. He sought to mitigate suffering. The first modern
workmen's compensation law was a product of his administration as
Governor of New York. In that office, he strove to establish effective
regulation of utilities, to expand direct popular participation in the
governmental process and to enable the passage of child labor laws
and kindred legislation; he took positions which were advanced out-
posts for his time. On this Court, Chief Justice Hughes authored
opinions which are taken as symbolizing the constitutional accepta-
bility of the efforts of state and federal government to cope with con-
temporary economic problems by exercising, respectively, the police
and the commerce power. This view of the Constitution encounters
far less vocal opposition today than it did when such decisions as the
state minimum wage and National Labor Relations Board cases were
handed down. Charles Evans Hughes was ready to soften the im-
pact on the individual of the anything-goes economics which char-
acterized the national expansion in his early years.
"His concern for humanity was evident also in his leadership in the
struggle for world peace. His years as Secretary of State and inter-
national jurist were marked by unwavering devotion to peaceful
settlements of dispute. His was the way of conference and negotia-
tion, of neighborliness and disarmament, of law and order among
nations.
"Bullying he opposed at home as well as abroad. He was constantly
solicitous of the liberties which the Constitution assures the individ-
ual. His opinions on this Court, as Associate Justice as well as Chief
Justice, display an appreciation of and fealty to lofty ideals of fair
trial, for ideas as well as individuals. His vigilance to protect in-
dividual freedom, to promote world peace and to approve public
means for dealing with problems which apparently no longer could
be solved by unaided or unregulated individual enterprise, stamp
Charles Evans Hughes as intensely humanitarian.
"Humane but efficient, Charles Evans Hughes manifests the balance
which is especially worthy of emulation today. There is over-much
interest these days in classification at the expense of comprehension.
There is excessive pressure to take all or none of a single dogma, rather
than to accept the good and reject the evil of all proposals. In our
times, there is extreme need of men like Charles Evans Hughes, who
have some inner gyroscope of conscience and capacity which maintains
a balanced devotion to duty. Chief Justice Hughes had his own ex-
alted standards and principles, and he lived by them. In him there
was no surrender to the purposes of the uncritical or the critique of a
single viewpoint.

MONDAY, MAY 8,
1950
208
"He described his conception of the judicial function in an address
to some Federal judges. 'A young man wrote me the other day,' he
related, 'to ask whether I regarded myself as "liberal" or "conserva-
tive." I answered that these labels do not interest me. I know of no
accepted criterion. Some think opinions are conservative which others
might regard as essentially liberal, and some opinions classed as liberal
might be regarded from another point of view as decidedly illiberal
A judge who does his work in an objective spirit, as a
judge should, will address himself conscientiously to each case, and
will not trouble himself about labels.'
*
*
*
"The history of this Court reflects the objective spirit, the balance
of Chief Justice Charles Evans Hughes. His view of the workings
of the Court and the Federal judicial system was sufficiently detached
to recognize the opportunity for improvement in administration. The
Administrative Office Act of 1939 is a symbol of his concern for
efficiency in the functioning of courts. The achievements of the
Administrative Office of the United States Courts and the day-by-day
operations of the Federal judiciary as a fully independent branch of
our national Government are founded in large part upon the wisdom
of Chief Justice Charles Evans Hughes.
"The years of his service as Chief Justice were ones in which this
Court was in the very forefront of public notice. Those years are
fresh enough in memory so that recitation of the unusual position
occupied by the Court is not needed. What does need to be recorded is
that the Court emerged as it did in large measure because of the con-
summate skill of its Chief Justice. He was precise and decisive in
playing the role he believed the Chief Justice ought to play. Every-
thing he did manifested veneration for the traditions of this Court
and the constitutional scheme of our Government, and vision to look
forward to the adaptation of the Court and the other vehicles of our
democracy to possible future needs. Surely Charles Evans Hughes
will rank as one of the great Chief Justices.
"More, there can even now, so few years after his death, be no doubt
that Charles Evans Hughes deserves inclusion on the select roll of
great Americans."
The Chief Justice directed that the resolutions be spread upon the
minutes of the Court.
Marshall W. Haislip, of Phoenix, Ariz.; Jno. W. Turner, of East-
land, Tex.; Robert G. Maysack, of St. Louis, Mo.; Clifford F. Hansen,
of Minneapolis, Minn.; William Don Welch, of Madill, Okla.; Helen
E. Creighton, of Washington, D. C.; Felix Jack Dees, of Portland,
Oreg.; George Spencer Barnes, of Chicago, Ill.; James Reece Duncan,
of Alexandria, Va.; Harold H. Krowech, of Los Angeles, Calif.; Her-

MONDAY, MAY 8, 1950
209
bert V. Walker, of Los Angeles, Calif.; Harbaugh Miller, of Pitts-
burgh, Pa.; Irving Smith Abrams, of Chicago, Ill.; Doris Hoffman
Maier, of Sacramento, Calif.; Laurie M. Streeter, of Minneapolis,
Minn.; Flora H. Elliott, of Washington, D. C.; Robert B. Campbell,
of Pasadena, Calif.; Thomas P. Mesick, of New York City; John W.
Lewis, of Topeka, Kans.; Harry Frank Perlet, of Washington, D. C.;
Stanley U. Robinson, Jr., of Columbus, Ohio; Davis Scarborough, of
Abilene, Tex.; Nathaniel Martin McFarland, of Decatur, Ga.; Katsuro
Miho, of Honolulu, Hawaii; and Philip Barbash, of Jersey City, N. J.,
were admitted to practice.
No. 449. Building Service Employees International Union, Local
262, et al., petitioners, v. W. L. Gazzam. On writ of certiorari to
the Supreme Court of the State of Washington. Judgment affirmed
with costs. Opinion by Mr. Justice Minton. Mr. Justice Black
concurs in the judgment. Mr. Justice Douglas took no part in the
consideration or decision of this case.
No. 96. R. M. Powell et al., petitioners, v. The United States
Cartridge Company. On writ of certiorari to the United States Court
of Appeals for the Eighth Circuit;
No. 79. Julia Rhoda Aaron et al., petitioners, v. Ford, Bacon &
Davis, Incorporated. On writ of certiorari to the United States Court
of Appeals for the Eighth Circuit; and
No. 58. Roy Creel et al., petitioners, v. Lone Star Defense Corpora-
tion. On writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the Fifth Circuit. Judgment in No. 96 reversed with costs and
case remanded to the Court of Appeals for further consideration of
the errors asserted on appeal but not reviewed by that Court. Judg-
ment in No. 79 reversed with costs and case remanded to the United
States District Court for the Eastern District of Arkansas for further
proceedings in conformity with the opinion of this Court. Judgment
in No. 58 reversed with costs and case remanded to the United States
District Court for the Eastern District of Texas for further proceed-
ings in conformity with the opinion of this Court. Opinion by Mr.
Justice Burton. Dissenting opinion by Mr. Justice Frankfurter in
which Mr. Justice Jackson joins. Mr. Justice Douglas and Mr. Justice
Clark took no part in the consideration or decision of these cases.
No. 428. The United States of America, appellant, v. National As-
sociation of Real Estate Boards, Washington Real Estate Board, et al.
Appeal from the United States District Court for the District of
Columbia. Judgment reversed except as to the National Association
of Real Estate Boards and Herbert U. Nelson; and as to them the
judgment is affirmed. The case is remanded to the District Court for
proceedings in conformity with the opinion of this Court. Opinion

MONDAY, MAY 8, 1950
210
by Mr. Justice Douglas. Dissenting opinion by Mr. Justice Jackson.
Mr. Justice Frankfurter and Mr. Justice Clark took no part in the
consideration or decision of this case.
No. 61. John Hughes and Louis Richardson, petitioners, v. Supe-
rior Court of the State of California in and for the County of Contra
Costa. On writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of the State of
California. Judgment affirmed. Opinion by Mr. Justice Frank-
furter. Concurring: Mr. Justice Black, Mr. Justice Reed, and Mr.
Justice Minton. Mr. Justice Douglas took no part in the consideration
or decision of this case.
No. 309. International Brotherhood of Teamsters, Chauffeurs, L
Warehousemen and Helpers Union, Local 309, et al., petitioners, v.
A. E. Hanke, L. J. Hanke, R. R. Hanke, et al. On writ of certiorari
to the Supreme Court of the State of Washington; and
No. 364. Automobile Drivers and Demonstrators Local Union No.
882, Ralph Reinertsen, its business agent, et al., petitioners, v. George
E. Cline. On writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of the State of
Washington. Judgments affirmed with costs. Mr. Justice Frank-
furter announced the judgment of the Court and an opinion in which
the Chief Justice, Mr. Justice Jackson, and Mr. Justice Burton con-
cur. Mr. Justice Clark concurs in the result. Mr. Justice Black dis-
sents for substantially the reasons given in his dissent in Carpenters
& Joiners Union v. Ritter's Cafe, 315 U. S. 722. Dissenting opinion
by Mr. Justice Minton in which Mr. Justice Reed joins. Mr. Jus-
tice Douglas took no part in the consideration or decision of these
cases.
No. 99. The United States of America, petitioner, v. Helen R.
Bryan. On writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the District of Columbia Circuit. Judgment of the Court of
Appeals reversed and case remanded to that court for proceedings
in conformity with the opinion of this Court. Opinion by Mr. Chief
Justice Vinson. Mr. Justice Frankfurter agrees with the opinion of
the Chief Justice except as to the portion marked "Third," involving
the applicability of Sec. 3486 of Title 18 U. S. C. to the facts of this
case, which requires him to dissent from the judgment of reversal.
Concurring opinion by Mr. Justice Jackson. Dissenting opinion by
Mr. Justice Black in which Mr. Justice Frankfurter concurs. Mr.
Justice Douglas and Mr. Justice Clark took no part in the considera-
tion or decision of this case.
No. 98. The United States of America, petitioner, v. Ernestina G.
Fleischman. On writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Ap-
peals for the District of Columbia Circuit. Judgment of the Court
of Appeals reversed and case remanded to that court for proceedings
in conformity with the opinion of this Court. Opinion by Mr. Chief
Justice Vinson. Dissenting opinion by Mr. Justice Black in which

MONDAY, MAY 8, 1950
211
Mr. Justice Frankfurter concurs. Dissenting opinion by Mr. Justice
Frankfurter. Mr. Justice Douglas and Mr. Justice Clark took no
part in the consideration or decision of this case.
No. 10. American Communications Association, C. I. O., et al., ap-
pellants, v. Charles T. Douds, Individually and as Regional Director
of the National Labor Relations Board, Second Region. Appeal from
the United States District Court for the Southern District of New
York; and
No. 13. United Steelworkers of America et al., petitioners, v. Na-
tional Labor Relations Board. On writ of certiorari to the Court of
Appeals for the Seventh Circuit. Judgments of courts below af-
firmed. Opinion by Mr. Chief Justice Vinson. Separate opinion by
Mr. Justice Frankfurter. Separate opinion by Mr. Justice Jack-
Dissenting opinion by Mr. Justice Black. Mr. Justice Doug-
las, Mr. Justice Clark, and Mr. Justice Minton took no part in the
consideration or decision of these cases.
son.
No. 456. The International Union of United Automobile, Aircraft
and Agricultural Implement Workers of America, C. I. O., et al., ap-
pellants, v. Gerald K. O'Brien, Wayne County Prosecuting Attorney
et al., etc. Appeal from the Supreme Court of the State of Michi-
gan. Judgment reversed with costs and case remanded to said Su-
preme Court for further proceedings not inconsistent with the opinion.
of this Court. Opinion by Mr. Chief Justice Vinson. Mr. Justice
Douglas concurs in the result.
1
I₁
1
The Chief Justice said:
"The orders of the Court appear upon the list certified by the Chief
Justice and filed with the Clerk and will not be announced orally."
No. 685. The United States of America, petitioner, v. Edith
Louise Griggs, as Executrix of the estate of Dudley R. Griggs,
deceased. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals for
the Tenth Circuit granted and the case is transferred to the summary
docket and assigned for argument following Nos. 558 and 667 which
are also transferred to the summary docket.
No. 732. National Labor Relations Board, petitioner, v. The Pitts-
burgh Steamship Company. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
Court of Appeals for the Sixth Circuit granted.
No. 294, Misc. Madeleine Ursula Snyder, petitioner, v. Rear
Admiral W. A. Buck, Paymaster General of the Navy. The motion
for leave to proceed in forma pauperis is granted. The petition for
writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia
Circuit is granted and the case is transferred to the appellate docket.
No. 581. American President Lines, Ltd., petitioner, v. James M.
Agnew et al.;

MONDAY, MAY 8, 1950
212
No. 582. American President Lines, Ltd., petitioner, v. John W.
Griffin et al.; and
No. 583. American President Lines, Ltd., petitioner, v. Augustus
Federer et al. Petition for writs of certiorari to the Court of Appeals
for the Ninth Circuit denied.
No. 680. United Artists Corporation et al., petitioners, v. Board
of Censors of the City of Memphis et al. Petition for writ of cer-
tiorari to the Supreme Court of Tennessee denied.
No. 684. Fireman's Fund Insurance Company of San Francisco,
California, petitioner, v. Mark McConnell. Petition for writ of cer-
tiorari to the Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 691. William M. Brown, petitioner, v. Kenneth C. Royall,
Secretary of the Army, et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia Circuit denied.
No. 693. Safeway Stores, Inc., petitioner, v. Elizabeth West and
Vester West. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals
for the District of Columbia Circuit denied.
No. 698. Randolph Laboratories, Inc., petitioner, v. Specialties
Development Corporation. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
Court of Appeals for the Third Circuit denied.
No. 699. Jay M. Rowland, petitioner, v. State of Arkansas. Peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals for the Eighth
Circuit denied.
No. 706. Citizens Ice and Cold Storage Company et al., petitioners,
v. The Atlantic Company. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 707. Jesse J. Parkerson, Trustee, et al., petitioners, v. William
R. Chapman III et al., etc. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
Court of Appeals for the Fourth Circuit denied.
No. 729. The Texas and Pacific Railway Company, petitioner, v.
Red River Cotton Oil Company et al. Petition for writ of certiorari
to the Supreme Court of Louisiana denied.
No. 731. Curley C. Hoffpauir, petitioner, v. Harry M. Hoxsey.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals for the Fifth
Circuit denied.
No. 594. J. Howard McGrath, Attorney General of the United
States, etc., petitioner, v. Paramount Pictures, Inc., et al. On peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the District Court of Appeal, First
Appellate District, State of California; and
No. 613. Maurice C. Sparling, Superintendent of Banks of the
State of California, etc., petitioner, v. Paramount Pictures, Inc., et al.
On petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of California.

MONDAY, MAY 8, 1950
213
Petitions for writs of certiorari denied. Mr. Justice Clark took no
part in the consideration or decision of these applications.
No. 621. Morrison T. Wade and Bessie Lou Tanner Wade, peti-
tioners, v. The People of the State of Michigan. The motion to
proceed on typewritten papers is granted. The petition for writ of
certiorari to the Supreme Court of Michigan is denied.
No. 561. Standard Commercial Tobacco Company and Standard
Commercial Steamship Corp., petitioners, v. John W. Snyder, Secre-
tary of the Treasury, et al.;
No. 657. Jacob F. Holmes et al., appellants, v. The United States
of America, et al.; and
No. 666. Monolith Portland Midwest Company, petitioner, v.
Reconstruction Finance Corporation. Petitions for rehearing denied.
No. 255, Misc. Sam Thompson, petitioner, v. Browning Robinson,
Warden. Third petition for rehearing denied. Mr. Justice Douglas
took no part in the consideration or decision of this application.
No. 412, Misc. Bennie Daniels and Lloyd Ray Daniels, petitioners,
v. State of North Carolina. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
Supreme Court of North Carolina denied.
No. 458, Misc. William H. Baker, petitioner, v. People of the State
of California et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme
Court of California denied.
No. 498, Misc. Jeremiah F. Collins et al., petitioners, v. Justice F.
Dickinson Letts, Judge of the United States District Court for the
District of Columbia, et al. Motion for leave to file petition for writs
of prohibition and mandamus denied.
Adjourned until Monday, May 15 next, at 12 o'clock.
☑

MONDAY, MAY 15, 1950
214
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: Mr. Chief Justice Vinson, Mr. Justice Black, Mr. Justice
Reed, Mr. Justice Frankfurter, Mr. Justice Douglas, Mr. Justice
Jackson, Mr. Justice Burton, Mr. Justice Clark, and Mr. Justice
Minton.
Jeanne R. Twiss, of Detroit, Mich.; Abraham Cal Rosen, of
Detroit, Mich.; Frederick G. Dobbs, of Muncie, Ind.; Frances Y.
Read, of Atlanta, Ga.; Robert Julian Glover, of Hot Springs, Ark.;
John M. Kitchen, of Indianapolis, Ind.; Harry T. Running, of Tra-
verse City, Mich.; John M. Leonard, Jr., of Chicago, Ill.; Francis E.
Picklow, of Cleveland, Ohio; John Harvey Crow, of St. Paris, Ohio;
Leo G. Chimo, of Cleveland, Ohio; Ernest L. Rushmer, of Chevy
Chase, Md.; Glenn E. Thomson, of Clearfield, Pa.; Leroy S. Bend-
heim, of Alexandria, Va.; James S. Hemingway, of New York City;
John F. Schmidt, of Franklin, Pa.; William Lawrence West, of
Cleveland, Ohio; Milford Bendiner, of Philadelphia, Pa.; Thomas J.
Lee, of Oklahoma City, Okla.; R. H. Dunn, of Oklahoma City, Okla.;
Harold R. Kaplan, of New York City; Charles A. Anderson, of
Dayton, Ohio; Charles J. Winger, of Kansas City, Mo.; Leonard
Francis Genz, of Waco, Tex.; Sigmund Eugene Bychinsky, of De-
troit, Mich.; LeRoy Hanson Barnard, of Arlington, Va.; Craigh
Leonard, of New York City; Daniel G. McGrath, of Falls Church,
Va.; Louis R. Baker, of Los Angeles, Calif.; Alfred P. D'Auria, of
Jersey City, N. J.; Eugene F. Blanchard, of Washington, D. C.;
Louis Ballenger, of Glendale, Calif.; Paul H. Schroy, of Rockford,
Ill.; Joseph A. Moynihan, Jr., of Detroit, Mich.; Harold A. Johnson,
of Detroit, Mich.; Leland O. Graham, of Sacramento, Calif.; Arthur
Wells Dew, of Richmond, Va., Wiley Narron, of Kenly, N. C.; and
John Howell Cotten, of Tallahassee, Fla., were admitted to practice.
No. 434. National Labor Relations Board, petitioner, v. Mexia
Textile Mills, Inc. On writ of certiorari to the United States Court
of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit. Order of the Court of Appeals
vacated and the enforcement of the Board order decreed pursuant to
Sec. 10 (e) of the National Labor Relations Act as amended by the
Labor Management Relations Act, unless "extraordinary circum-
stances" are pleaded which justify the respondent's failure to urge
its objections before the Board. Opinion by Mr. Justice Clark.
Dissenting opinion by Mr. Justice Frankfurter in which Mr. Justice
Jackson joins.
850087-50-71

MONDAY, MAY 15, 1950
215
No. 435. National Labor Relations Board, petitioner, v. Pool Man-
ufacturing Company. On writ of certiorari to the United States Court
of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit. Order of the Court of Appeals
vacated and the enforcement of the Board order decreed pursuant to
Sec. 10 (e) of the National Labor Relations Act as amended by the
Labor Management Relations Act, unless "extraordinary circum-
stances" are pleaded which justify the respondent's failure to urge
its objections before the Board. Opinion by Mr. Justice Clark.
Dissenting opinion by Mr. Justice Frankfurter in which Mr. Justice
Jackson joins.
No. 445. Brown Shoe Company, Inc., petitioner, v. Commissioner
of Internal Revenue. On writ of certiorari to the United States Court
of Appeals for the Eighth Circuit. Judgment of the Court of Appeals
reversed and case remanded with direction to remand to the Tax Court
for further proceedings in conformity with the opinion of this Court.
Opinion by Mr. Justice Clark. Mr. Justice Black agrees with the
Court of Appeals and would affirm its judgment.
No. 118. Capitol Greyhound Lines, Pennsylvania Greyhound
Lines, Inc., and Red Star Motor Coaches, Inc., appellants, v. Arthur
H. Brice, Commissioner of Motor Vehicles, State of Maryland, Balti-
more, Maryland. Appeal from the Court of Appeals of the State of
Maryland. Judgment affirmed with costs. Opinion by Mr. Justice
Black. Dissenting opinion by Mr. Justice Frankfurter in which Mr.
Justice Jackson joins. Mr. Justice Douglas took no part in the con-
sideration or decision of this case.
The Chief Justice announced the following orders of the Court:
No. 754. The Emery Transportation Company, appellant, v. The
United States of America, Interstate Commerce Commission, et al.
Appeal from the United States District Court for the Southern Dis-
trict of Ohio; and
No. 755. Herman Hoffman and New York County Criminal Courts
Bar Association, appellants, v. William P. O'Brien, as Police Commis-
sioner of the City of New York, et al. Appeal from the United States
District Court for the Southern District of New York. Per curiam:
The motions to affirm are granted and the judgments are affirmed.
The Chief Justice said:
"The other orders of the Court appear upon the list certified by the
Chief Justice and filed with the Clerk and will not be announced
orally."

MONDAY, MAY 15, 1950
216
No. 748. The Alabama Great Southern Railroad Company et al.,
appellants, v. The United States of America, Interstate Commerce
Commission, et al.;
No. 749. Galveston Chamber of Commerce and Houston Port and
Traffic Bureau, appellants, v. The United States of America, Interstate
Commerce Commission, et al.;
No. 750. Railroad Commission of Texas, appellant, v. The United
States of America, Interstate Commerce Commission, et al.; and
No. 751. Savannah Sugar Refining Corporation, appellant, v. The
United States of America, Interstate Commerce Commission, et al. In
these cases probable jurisdiction is noted.
No. 768. Carl Jacob Kunz, appellant, v. The People of the State
of New York. In this case probable jurisdiction is noted.
No. 536. Louis Compagna and Charles Gioe, petitioners, v. Wil-
liam H. Hiatt, Warden, United States Penitentiary, Atlanta, Georgia.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals for the Fifth
Circuit granted. Mr. Justice Clark took no part in the consideration
or decision of this application.
No. 554. National Council of American-Soviet Friendship, Inc.,
et al., petitioners, v. J. Howard McGrath, Attorney General of the
United States, et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of
Appeals for the District of Columbia Circuit granted. The case is
transferred to the summary docket and assigned for argument im-
mediately following No. 556. Mr. Justice Clark took no part in the
consideration or decision of this application.
No. 635. Jane Rogers, petitioner, v. The United States of America;
No. 636. Irving Blau, petitioner, v. The United States of America ;
and
No. 640. Patricia Blau, petitioner, v. The United States of Amer-
ica. The petition for writs of certiorari to the Court of Appeals for
the Tenth Circuit is granted and the cases are transferred to the sum-
mary docket. Mr. Justice Clark took no part in the consideration or
decision of this application.
No. 700. J. Howard McGrath, Attorney General of the United
States, et al., petitioners, v. Peder Kristian Kristensen, also known as
Peter Kristen Kristiansen, etc. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia Circuit granted.
No. 570. Lord Manufacturing Company, petitioner, v. The United
States. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Claims denied.
No. 709. Safe Harbor Water Power Corporation, petitioner, v.
Federal Power Commission. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
Court of Appeals of the Third Circuit denied.

MONDAY, MAY 15, 1950
217
No. 712. The United States of America, petitioner, v. Lottie May
Martin, James Martin, and the Smoot Sand and Gravel Corporation;
and
No. 715. James Martin, Lottie May Martin, and the Smoot Sand
and Gravel Corporation, petitioners, v. The United States of America.
Petitions for writs of certiorari to the Court of Appeals for the
District of Columbia Circuit denied.
No. 721. Jepson L. Nelson and Charles W. Reeves, petitioners, v.
Louis Johnson, Secretary of National Defense, et al. Petition for
writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia
Circuit denied.
No. 722. Lillian H. Willis, petitioner, v. Consolidated Textile Co.,
Inc., and Manufacturers Trust Company. Petition for writ of cer-
tiorari to the Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit denied.
No. 448. Joseph P. Kamp, petitioner, v. The United States of
America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals for
the District of Columbia Circuit denied. Mr. Justice Clark took no
part in the consideration or decision of this application.
No. 637. Arthur Bary, petitioner, v. The United States of
America;
No. 638. Paul Meir Kleinbord, petitioner, v. The United States of
America; and
No. 639. Tracy Roy Rogers, petitioner, v. The United States of
America. Petition for writs of certiorari to the Court of Appeals for
the Tenth Circuit denied. Mr. Justice Clark took no part in the con-
sideration or decision of this application.
No. 730. E. B. Kaiser Company, petitioner, v. The Ric-Wil Com-
pany. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals for the
Seventh Circuit denied. Mr. Justice Black is of the opinion certiorari
should be granted.
No. 248. John Howard Lawson, petitioner v. The United States
of America; and
No. 249. Dalton Trumbo, petitioner, v. The United States of
America. The motions for leave to file briefs of Southland Jewish
Organization; certain members of the Los Angeles Democratic and
State Committee; and 64 ministers and rabbis, as amici curiae, are de-
nied. Mr. Justice Clark took no part in the consideration or decision
of these applications.
No. 197. George Marshall, petitioner, v. The United States of
America; and

MONDAY, MAY 15, 1950
218
No. 495. Anheuser-Busch, Incorporated, petitioner, v. Du Bois
Brewing Company. The petitions for rehearing are denied. Mr.
Justice Clark took no part in the consideration or decision of these
applications.
No. 238. Willie McGee, appellant, v. State of Mississippi. The
petition for rehearing is denied. Mr. Justice Douglas took no part
in the consideration or decision of this application.
No. 724. Benard South and Harold C. Fleming, appellants, v.
James Peters, as Chairman of the Georgia State Democratic Execu-
tive Committee, et al.;
No. 390, Misc. E. M. Watson, petitioner, v. L. G. Suddoth and
J. S. Calfee; and
No. 417, Misc. George Cubbler, petitioner, v. State of New Jersey.
The petitions for rehearing in these cases are severally denied.
No. 410, Misc. Leon Ball, petitioner, v. H. E. Moore, Warden.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Criminal Appeals of
Texas denied.
No. 414, Misc. Robert Sewell, petitioner, v. People of the State of
California. Petition for writ of certiorari to the District Court of
Appeal for the Fourth Appellate District of the State of California
denied.
No. 478, Misc. John Edwin Byers, petitioner, v. Richmond Keech,
U. S. District Judge, etc. The motion for leave to file petition for
writ of mandamus is denied.
ORDER
The Court will take a recess from today until Monday, May 29, and
from that day until Monday, June 5, upon which day it will adjourn
for the term unless otherwise ordered. No motions, except motions
for admission to practice, will be received after the session next before
the date fixed for adjournment of the term.
Adjourned until Monday, May 29, next, at 12 o'clock.
☑

MONDAY, MAY 29, 1950
219
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: Mr. Chief Justice Vinson, Mr. Justice Black, Mr. Justice
Reed, Mr. Justice Frankfurter, Mr. Justice Douglas, Mr. Justice Jack-
son, Mr. Justice Burton, Mr. Justice Clark, and Mr. Justice Minton.
Joseph R. Lee, of Chicago, Ill.; Philip A. Shapiro, of Chicago,
Ill.; Jack Marsh Laughlin, of Monterey, Calif.; Abraham J. Levin-
son, of Philadelphia, Pa.; Nathan Skolnik, of New York City; Hyman
L. Brody, of Chicago, Ill.; Theodore J. Sakowitz, of Miami, Fla.; Er-
win L. Clemens, of Defiance, Ohio; Alfred T. MacFarland, of Leba-
non, Tenn.; R. A. Wallace, of Gulfport, Miss.; Lloyd M. McCormick,
of Portland, Oreg.; Thomas F. Arnett, of Battle Creek, Mich.; Frank
L. Haver, of Battle Creek, Mich.; David Jaffe, of New York City;
Arthur L. Ross, of Kansas City, Mo.; Harold V. Boisvert, of Washing-
ton, D. C.; George P. Cheney, Jr., of Pittsburgh, Pa.; Virgil M. Mc-
Elroy, of Greensburg, Kans.; Samuel M. Greenbaum, of Washington,
D. C.; Milton I. Abelson, of Boston, Mass.; Halstead Shaw Coving-
ton, of Norfolk, Va.; Stanley Block, of San Leandro, Calif.; Joe S.
Moss, of Post, Tex.; Martin A. Meyer, Jr., of New York City; Samuel
D. McIlwain, of Washington, D. C.; Maurice A. M. Edkiss, of Flush-
ing, N. Y.; Julius Fielo, of East Orange, N. J.; Abraham R. Klitz-
man, of Asbury Park, N. J.; William H. Doherty, of Washington,
D. C.; Andrew F. Zazzali, of Newark, N. J.; James L. McKenna, of
Newark, N. J.; Edward J. Gilhooly, of Newark, N. J.; Lionel E. Goff,
of Alton, Ill.; Harold E. Haven, of San Francisco, Calif.; Charles
Forrest McKay, Jr., of Hyattsville, Md.; Frank B. Buchanan, Jr.,
of San Antonio, Tex.; Frank Rogers Donahue, Jr., of Philadelphia,
Pa.; Henry James Karison, of Alexandria, Va.; and Paul Louis
Gomony, of Bethesda, Md., were admitted to practice.
No. 2. Graver Tank and Mfg. Co., Inc., et al., petitioners, v. The
Linde Air Products Company. On writ of certiorari to the United
States Court of Appeals for the Seventh Circuit. Judgment of the
Court of Appeals reaffirmed with costs on rehearing and case re-
manded to the United States District Court for the Northern District
of Indiana. Opinion by Mr. Justice Jackson. Dissenting opinion by
Mr. Justice Black in which Mr. Justice Douglas concurs. Dissenting
opinion by Mr. Justice Douglas. Mr. Justice Minton took no part
in the consideration or decision of this case.
850087-50- -72

MONDAY, MAY 29, 1950
220
No. 568. Oscar R. Ewing, Federal Security Administrator, et al.,
appellants, v. Mytinger and Casselberry, a California Corporation.
Appeal from the United States District Court for the District of Co-
lumbia. Decree reversed and case remanded for proceedings in con-
formity with the opinion of this Court. Opinion by Mr. Justice
Douglas. Mr. Justice Burton concurs in the result. Dissenting opin-
ion by Mr. Justice Frankfurter. Dissenting opinion by Mr. Justice
Jackson. Mr. Justice Clark took no part in the consideration or deci-
sion of this case.
The Chief Justice announced the following orders of the Court:
No. 670. The United States of America, appellant, v. United
States Gypsum Company, Sewell L. Avery, Oliver M. Knode, et al.
In this case probable jurisdiction is noted. The motions to supple-
ment the record are granted. Article III of the decree of the District
Court of November 7, 1949, reading as follows: "The defendant com-
panies have acted in concert in restraint of trade and commerce among
the several states in the eastern territory of the United States to fix,
maintain, and control the prices of gypsum board and have monopo-
lized trade and commerce in the gypsum board industry in violation
of sections 1 and 2 of the Sherman Antitrust Act," is affirmed. The
corporate defendants and Samuel M. Gloyd, doing business as Texas
Cement Plaster Company, are enjoined, pending further order of this
Court, from (1) enforcing in any manner whatsoever the provisions
of their current license agreements fixing, maintaining, or stabilizing
prices of gypsum board or the terms and conditions of sale thereof,
and (2) from entering into or performing any agreement or under-
standing in restraint of trade and commerce in gypsum board among
the several states in the eastern territory of the United States by license
agreements to fix, maintain, or stabilize prices of gypsum board or by
license or other concerted action arranging the terms and conditions
of sale thereof.
Mr. Justice Jackson and Mr. Justice Clark took no part in the con-
sideration or decision of these questions.
No. 671. United States Gypsum Company, Sewell L. Avery, Oliver
M. Knode, et al., appellants, v. The United States of America. Appeal
from the United States District Court for the District of Columbia.
Per curiam: The appeal is dismissed. Mr. Justice Jackson and Mr.
Justice Clark took no part in the consideration or decision of this case.
No. 774. E. I. Du Pont de Nemours and Company, General Motors
Corporation, et al., appellants, v. The United States of America.
Appeal from the United States District Court for Northern Illinois.
Per curiam: The motion to dismiss is granted and the appeal is dis-

MONDAY, MAY 29, 1950
221
missed. Mr. Justice Reed is of the opinion probable jurisdiction
should be noted. Mr. Justice Clark took no part in the consideration
or decision of this case.
No. 792. Henry C. Glissmann, appellant, v. The City of Omaha et
al. Appeal from the Supreme Court of Nebraska. Per curiam: The
motion to dismiss is granted and the appeal is dismissed for want of
a substantial federal question.
The Chief Justice said:
"The other orders of the Court appear upon the list certified by the
Chief Justice and filed with the Clerk and will not be announced
orally."
No. 703. Hans Ackermann, petitioner, v. The United States of
America; and
No. 704. Frieda Ackermann, petitioner, v. The United States of
America. Petition for writs of certiorari to the Court of Appeals for
the Fifth Circuit granted.
No. 723. Universal Camera Corporation, petitioner, v. National
Labor Relations Board. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court
of Appeals for the Second Circuit granted and case assigned for ar-
gument immediately following No. 732.
No. 421, Misc. Irving Feiner, petitioner, v. People of the State of
New York. Motion for leave to proceed in forma pauperis granted.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals of the State
of New York granted and case transferred to the appellate docket.
No. 609. Larry Gara, petitioner, v. The United States of America.
Motion for leave to file brief of American Friends Service Commit-
tee, Inc., as amicus curiae, denied. Mr. Justice Clark took no part
in the consideration or decision of this motion.
No. 682. Commissioner of Internal Revenue, petitioner, v. The
McKay Products Corporation. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
Court of Appeals for the Third Circuit dismissed on motion of counsel
for the petitioner.
No. 701. La Salle Steel Company, petitioner, v. National Labor Re-
lations Board. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals
for the Seventh Circuit denied.
No. 702. Seaboard and Western Airlines, Inc., petitioner, v. Civil
Aeronautics Board et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court
of Appeals for the District of Columbia Circuit denied.
No. 708. Five Cases, more or less, each containing 6 cans of an
article labeled in part: (Can) "Figlia Mia Brand a Blend Consist-
ing of 90% Vegetable Oils, Choice Cottonseed, Corn and Peanut Oils,

MONDAY, MAY 29, 1950
222
Plus 10% Pure Olive Oil One Gallon Net", et al., petitioners, v. The
United States of America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit denied.
No. 711. Ben L. Beets, petitioner, v. Walter A. Hunter, Warden,
United States Penitentiary, Leavenworth, Kansas. Petition for writ
of certiorari to the Court of Appeals for the Tenth Circuit denied.
No. 716. Herman Francis Henderson, petitioner, v. The United
States of America;
No. 717. William Edwards Wildman, petitioner, v. The United
States of America;
No. 718. Richard H. Shufflebarger, petitioner, v. The United States
of America; and
No. 719. Charles Frantz, petitioner, v. The United States of Amer-
ica. Petition for writs of certiorari to the Court of Appeals for the
Seventh Circuit denied.
No. 720. Carolyn H. King, petitioner, v. The United States of
America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals for
the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 728. Union Bleachery, petitioner, v. The United States of
America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals for
the Fourth Circuit denied.
No. 735. Emily Marx et al. v. Commissioner of Internal Revenue.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals for the First
Circuit denied.
No. 736. Charles A. Givens, petitioner, v. Herman H. Moll et al.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals for the Fifth
Circuit denied.
No. 737. James A. Yates, petitioner, v. Edward Ball. Petition
for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Florida denied.
No. 739. Earl T. Ellis, Receiver of the Quantico Company, Inc.,
petitioner, v. Clifton B. Cates. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
Court of Appeals for the Fourth Circuit denied.
No. 741. James Anderson et al., Trustees of the Hermann Hospital
Estate, etc., petitioners, v. The United States of America. Petition
for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit
denied.
No. 742. The Arlington, Inc., and Sturm-Bickel Corporation,
Illinois Corporations, petitioners, v. Edward Mayer. Petition for
writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals for the Seventh Circuit
denied.
No. 744. Jerome N. Curtis, Trustee in Bankruptcy, petitioner,
v. The United States of America. Petition for writ of certiorari to
the Court of Appeals for the Sixth Circuit denied.

MONDAY, MAY 29, 1950
223
No. 747. Phil Magidson, petitioner, v. Jerome F. Duggan, Trustee
of the Estate of Christopher Engineering Company, et al. Petition
for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals for the Eighth Circuit
denied.
No. 752. Floyd W. Dunaway, Allie Merle Dunaway, joined by her
husband, Floyd W. Dunaway, et al., petitioners, v. Standard Oil
Company (New Jersey) et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 753. Carl B. George, petitioner, v. C. M. Leonard and Leonard
Construction Company. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court
of Appeals for the Fourth Circuit denied.
No. 757. Charles Simon and Herman T. Warshow, as Executors of
the last Will and Testament of Edward J. Cornish, deceased, peti-
tioners v. Jane M. Hoey, as Executrix of the last Will and Testament
of James J. Hoey, deceased, etc. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit denied.
No. 758. Fred M. Carter et al., as Executors of the last Will and
Testament of Selina C. Cornish, deceased, petitioners, v. Jane M.
Hoey, as Executrix of the last Will and Testament of James J. Hoey,
deceased, etc., et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of
Appeals for the Second Circuit denied.
No. 767. Julius Hyman, petitioner, v. Velsicol Corporation. Peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Illinois denied.
No. 770. Charles McGarty, petitioner, v. John J. O'Brien, Warden
of the Massachusetts State Prison. Petition for writ of certiorari to
the Court of Appeals for the First Circuit denied.
No. 777. Lola Brooks, Administratrix of the Estate of F. S.
Brooks, deceased, petitioner, v. St. Louis-San Francisco Railway
Company. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals
for the Eighth Circuit denied.
No. 803. Commissioner of Internal Revenue, petitioner, v. Basalt
Rock Co., Inc. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals
for the Ninth Circuit denied.
No. 804. Commissioner of Internal Revenue, petitioner, v. Busch's
Kredit Jewelry Co., Inc. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court
of Appeals for the Second Circuit denied.
No. 805. Commissioner of Internal Revenue, petitioner, v. John
Breuner Company. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of
Appeals for the Ninth Circuit denied.
No. 734. Nathan R. Alltmont and Charles O'Neill, petitioners, v.
The United States of America and United States Maritime Commis-
sion. Motion for leave to file brief of Brotherhood of Locomotive
Engineers, et al., as amici curiae denied. Petition for writ of certiorari
850087-50-73

MONDAY, MAY 29, 1950
224
to the Court of Appeals for the Third Circuit denied. Mr. Justice
Clark took no part in the consideration or decision of these applica-
tions.
No. 766, O. T. 1947. Edward K. Barsky, et al., petitioners, v. The
United States of America. The petitions for rehearing are denied.
Mr. Justice Black and Mr. Justice Douglas are of the opinion the
petitions should be granted. Mr. Justice Burton and Mr. Justice
Clark took no part in the consideration or decision of these applica-
tions.
No. 173. The United States of America and Interstate Commerce
Commission, appellants, v. United States Smelting, Refining and Min-
ing Company et al. The petitions for rehearing are denied. The Chief
Justice and Mr. Justice Douglas took no part in the consideration or
decision of these applications.
No. 248. John Howard Lawson, petitioner, v. The United States
of America; and
No. 249. Dalton Trumbo, petitioner, v. The United States of
America. The petition for rehearing is denied. Mr. Justice Black
and Mr. Justice Douglas are of the opinion the petition should be
granted. Mr. Justice Clark took no part in the consideration or
decision of this application.
No. 490. The United States of America, appellant, v. Cotton Val-
ley Operators Committee et al. The petition for rehearing is denied.
Mr. Justice Clark took no part in the consideration or decision of this
application.
No. 661. The Commission of the Department of Public Utilities
of the Commonwealth of Massachusetts, petitioner, v. New York,
New Haven and Hartford Railroad Company. The petition for
rehearing is denied.
No. 205, Misc. Dexter C. Dayton, petitioner, v. Walter A. Hunter,
Warden. The second petition for rehearing is denied. Mr. Justice
Douglas took no part in the consideration or decision of this
application.
No. 324, Misc. Richard Anderson Lowe, petitioner, v. George D.
Killinger, etc., et al. The petition for rehearing is denied.
No. 331, Misc. William Baumet, petitioner, v. The United States
of America et al.;
No. 378, Misc. James H. Vermillion, petitioner, v. Eugene Meyer
et al.; and
No. 391, Misc. Melissa J. Rowe, petitioner, v. Walter L. Green.
The motions for leave to file petitions for rehearing are denied.
No. 455, Misc. Frederick Lee Spillmann, petitioner, v. J. Vernal
Jackson, Warden. The petition for rehearing is denied.

MONDAY, MAY 29, 1950
225
No. 289, Misc. Dorman E. Shaw and Lill Alfred Crawford, peti-
tioners, v. The United States of America. Petition for writ of
certiorari to the Court of Appeals for the Sixth Circuit denied.
No. 320, Misc. Robert Clayton St. Clair, petitioner, v. William H.
Hiatt, Warden. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals
for the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 323, Misc. Harmon M. Waley, petitioner, v. The United States
of America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals
for the Ninth Circuit denied.
No. 330, Misc. Charles Lee McIntosh, petitioner, v. The United
States of America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of
Appeals for the Eighth Circuit denied.
No. 332, Misc. Robert M. Simmons, petitioner, v. Walter A.
Hunter, Warden; and
No. 350, Misc. Robert W. McMahan, petitioner, v. Walter A.
Hunter, Warden. Petitions for writs of certiorari to the Court of
Appeals for the Tenth Circuit denied.
No. 339, Misc. Otis Spencer, petitioner, v. Albert A. Ridge, U. S.
District Judge. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Ap-
peals for the Eighth Circuit denied.
No. 340, Misc. Ferdinand Thompson, petitioner, v. Joseph E.
Ragen, Warden;
No. 341, Misc. Julius Bernard Sherman, petitioner, v. Joseph E.
Ragen, Warden; and
No. 342, Misc. Willie Lewis, petitioner, v. Joseph E. Ragen,
Warden. Petition for writs of certiorari to the Criminal Court of
Cook County, Illinois, denied.
No. 349, Misc. Rolan L. Davison, petitioner, v. The United States
of America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals
of the Eighth Circuit denied.
No. 353, Misc. John Darman, petitioner, v. State of New York.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals of the State
of New York denied.
No. 357, Misc. Paul Dean Barker, petitioner, v. The United States
of America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals
for the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 379, Misc. William H. Jackson, petitioner, v. W. H. Hiatt,
Warden. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals
for the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 384, Misc. Harley F. Smith, petitioner, v. Joseph E. Ragen,
Warden. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of Will
County, Illinois, denied.

MONDAY, MAY 29, 1950
226
No. 399, Misc. George D. Pine, petitioner, v. Joseph L. Boyle.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals for the Dis-
trict of Columbia Circuit denied.
No. 411, Misc. James Edgar Lowrey, petitioner, v. The United
States of America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of
Appeals for the Third Circuit denied.
No. 416, Misc. James D. Burson, petitioner, v. R. W. Alvis,
Warden. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of
Ohio denied.
No. 418, Misc. Theodore A. Baldwin, petitioner, v. William H.
Hiatt, Warden. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Ap-
peals for the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 423, Misc. Daniel F. Ahearn, petitioner, v. State of New York.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals of the State
of New York denied.
No. 431, Misc. Hyman A. Kronberg, a Minor, by his Guardian
ad litem, William Farnum White, petitioner, v. Major General Wil-
lis H. Hale, et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of
Appeals for the Ninth Circuit denied.
No. 436, Misc. Fred Banks, petitioner, v. Joseph E. Ragen,
Warden. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of Will
County, Illinois, denied.
No. 453, Misc. John W. Morton, petitioner, v. Ivan W. Steele,
Warden. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals for
the Eighth Circuit denied.
No. 456, Misc. James Nels Ekberg, petitioner, v. People of the
State of California. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme
Court of California denied.
No. 462, Misc. Samuel White, petitioner v. The United States of
America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals for
the Sixth Circuit denied.
No. 472, Misc. Oliver Marshall, petitioner, v. State of Indiana.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of Randolph
County, Indiana, denied.
No. 474, Misc. Homer L. Loomis, Jr., petitioner, v. Clark Ed-
wards, Jr., Judge, etc. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of
Appeals of Georgia denied.
No. 475, Misc. Andrew Petrek, petitioner, v. State of Ohio. Peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Ohio denied.
No. 480, Misc. James P. Duty, petitioner, v. Browning Robinson,
Warden. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of Ran-
dolph County, Illinois, denied.

MONDAY, MAY 29, 1950
227
No. 482, Misc. George W. Henry, petitioner, v. F. S. Baldi, Su-
perintendent. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of
Pennsylvania denied.
No. 483, Misc. John B. Hovis, petitioner, v. S. P. Ashe, Warden.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Pennsylvania
denied.
No. 485, Misc. Cecil C. Crebs, petitioner, v. Robert H. Hudspeth,
Warden. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of
Kansas denied.
No. 487, Misc. Johnie Lee Johnson, petitioner, v. State of Indiana.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Criminal Court of Lake County,
Indiana, denied.
No. 488, Misc. William H. Campbell, petitioner, v. S. P. Ashe,
Warden. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of
Pennsylvania denied.
No. 492, Misc. William Lester Keith, petitioner, v. State of Wyo-
ming. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Wyo-
ming denied.
No. 493, Misc. Charles B. Blaksley, petitioner, v. State of Michi-
gan. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Michigan
denied.
No. 494, Misc. Charles E. Walshfer, petitioner, v. State of Michi-
gan. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Michigan
denied.
No. 495, Misc. Ray F. Harris, petitioner, v. Browning Robinson,
Warden. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of Ran-
dolph County, Illinois, denied.
No. 496, Misc. Harold Charles Moranda, petitioner, v. People of
the State of California. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme
Court of California denied.
No. 500, Misc. Cambridge McMorris, petitioner, v. Stanley P.
Ashe, Warden. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court
of Pennsylvania denied.
No. 505, Misc. Paul Vaccaro, petitioner, v. State of New York.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the County Court of Manhattan
County, New York, denied.
No. 507, Misc. Aldine T. Carroll, petitioner, v. Col. E. T. Swenson,
Warden. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals for
the Fourth Circuit denied.
No. 508, Misc. Malichi Holiday, petitioner, v. State of Maryland.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals of Maryland
denied.

MONDAY, MAY 29, 1950
228
No. 510, Misc. Thomas Stephenson, petitioner, v. George W. Page,
Warden. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals for
the Third Circuit denied.
No. 513, Misc. Edgar D. Duffy, petitioner, v. Stanley P. Ashe,
Warden. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of
Pennsylvania denied.
No. 516, Misc. Wilbur Williams, petitioner, v. State of Illinois.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Illinois denied.
No. 420, Misc. Salvatore Oddo, petitioner, v. People of the State
of New York. Motion of Dominic Mundo to join in the petition
denied. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals of
the State of New York denied.
No. 469, Misc. Dillard E. Porter, petitioner, v. Robert A. Heinze,
Warden. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of
California denied. Motion for leave to file petition for writ of
mandamus also denied.
No. 479, Misc. Kenneth Pardee, petitioner, v. State of Michigan.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Michigan
denied. Motion for leave to file petition for writ of habeas corpus.
also denied.
No. 511, Misc. Robert G. Gibbs, petitioner, v. Stanley P. Ashe,
Warden. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of
Pennsylvania denied. Petition for appeal also denied.
No. 467, Misc. 4278 Hazel Building Corporation et al., petitioners,
v. Albert Berest et al.;
No. 477, Misc. James Farnsworth, petitioner, v. John F. Foster,
Warden; and
No. 499, Misc. Raymond Grant, petitioner, v. Winfred Overholser.
Motion for leave to file petitions for writs of certiorari denied.
No. 486, Misc. Harry Edison Hackworth, petitioner, v. W. H.
Hiatt, Warden;
No. 489, Misc. Richard Anderson Lowe, petitioner, v. George W.
Humphrey, Warden; and
No. 506, Misc. Morris Leder, petitioner, v. People of the State of
California. Motions for leave to file petitions for writs of habeas
corpus denied.
No. 490, Misc. Albert Woodrow Rash, petitioner, v. Members of
Board of Trustees of Indiana State Prison; and
No. 503, Misc. Rolan L. Davison, petitioner, v. United States Dis-
trict Court for the District of Kansas. Motions for leave to file
petitions for writs of mandamus denied.
Adjourned until Monday, June 5, next, at 12 o'clock.
☑

MONDAY, JUNE 5, 1950
229
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: Mr. Chief Justice Vinson, Mr. Justice Black, Mr. Justice
Reed, Mr. Justice Frankfurter, Mr. Justice Douglas, Mr. Justice Jack-
son, Mr. Justice Burton, Mr. Justice Clark, Mr. Justice Minton.
Ralph F. Bagley, of Los Angeles, Calif.; Bruce A. Pettijohn, of
Harrison, N. Y.; Milton Greenstein, of Chicago, Ill.; Samuel S. Siegel,
of Chicago, Ill.; Harold J. Atkinson, of Detroit, Mich.; Jackson
Bosch, of Hamilton, Ohio; Amerigo D'Agostino, of Newark, N. J.;
James J. Corrigan, of Providence, R. I.; Joe Raycraft, of Los Angeles,
Calif.; Harry Wolpin, of Los Angeles, Calif.; Earle Hepburn, of Phil-
adelphia, Pa.; Jacob B. Courshon, of Chicago, Ill.; Harold J. Sieben-
thaler, of Cincinnati, Ohio; Harold G. Cant, of Minneapolis, Minn.;
Robt. E. McLaughlin, of Washington, D. C.; Edward F. Giblin, Jr.,
of Long Island City, N. Y.; Paul M. Rhodes, of Washington, D. C.;
Harold Halpern, of New York City; James Hall Brooks, of New York
City; Ira Kaye, of New York City; Geo. L. Hubbell, Jr., of New
York City; Mildred Meyers Binzer, of Toledo, Ohio; Thomas H.
Carolan, of Washington, D. C.; Murray Gartner, of San Francisco,
Calif.; Benjamin Spiegel, of New York City; Robert Holt Meyers, of
Chevy Chase, Md.; Louis Linton Dent, of Chicago, Ill.; Benj.
Gordon, of Elizabeth, N. J.; Edward C. Sweeney, of Chicago, Ill.;
James G. Mackey, of Rockville Centre, N. Y.; Philip Bransfield
Brown, of Washington, D. C.; Thomas B. Collins, of Washington,
D. C.; Franklin N. Parks, of Washington, D. C.; Albert A. Axelrod,
of San Francisco, Calif.; Harry Evans Proctor, of Washington, D. C.;
John L. Reith, of Oakland, Calif.; William J. Drohan, of New York
City; Albert E. Hadlock, Jr., of New York City; Martin Atlas, of
Washington, D. C.; Shirley F. Mehl, of Brooklyn, N. Y.; Irving J.
Zipin, of Philadelphia, Pa.; Ralf Hillemann Owen, of Washington,
D. C.; James E. Greeley, of Washington, D. C.; Howard R. Hawkins,
of New York City; Ishmael Burton, of Washington, D. C.; Anthony
J. Siciliano, of Washington, D. C.; and Charles B. Sullivan, Jr., of
Washington, D. C., were admitted to practice.
No. 455. Automatic Radio Manufacturing Company, Inc., peti-
tioner, v. Hazeltine Research, Inc. On writ of certiorari to the United
States Court of Appeals for the First Circuit. Judgment affirmed
850087--50-74

MONDAY, JUNE 5, 1950
230
with costs and case remanded to the United States District Court for
the District of Massachusetts. Opinion by Mr. Justice Minton. Dis-
senting opinion by Mr. Justice Douglas in which Mr. Justice Black
concurs. Mr. Justice Jackson took no part in the consideration or de-
cision of this case.
No. 1. The United States, petitioner, v. Kansas City Life Insurance
Company. On writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Claims.
Judgment affirmed. Opinion by Mr. Justice Burton. Dissenting
opinion by Mr. Justice Douglas in which Mr. Justice Black, Mr. Jus-
tice Reed, and Mr. Justice Minton concur. Dissenting opinion by
Mr. Justice Minton.
No. 25. Elmer W. Henderson, appellant, v. The United States of
America, Interstate Commerce Commission, and Southern Railway
Company. Appeal from the United States District Court for the
District of Maryland. Judgment of the District Court reversed and
cause remanded to that court with directions to set aside the order of
the Interstate Commerce Commission which dismissed the original
complaint and to remand the case to the Interstate Commerce Com-
mission for further proceedings in conformity with the opinion of
this Court. Opinion by Mr. Justice Burton. Mr. Justice Douglas
concurs in the result. Mr. Justice Clark took no part in the considera-
tion or decision of this case.
No. 4. The United States, petitioner, v. Gerlach Live Stock Com-
pany;
No. 5. The United States, petitioner, v. J. Sheldon Potter;
No. 6. The United States, petitioner, v. Martin Erreca;
No. 7. The United States, petitioner, v. James J. Stevinson (a cor-
poration);
No. 8. The United States, petitioner, v. Archibald J. Stevinson;
and
No. 9. The United States, petitioner, v. 3-H Securities Company.
On writs of certiorari to the United States Court of Claims. Judg-
ments affirmed. Opinion by Mr. Justice Jackson. Mr. Justice Black
concurs in the judgment and opinion except that he agrees with Mr.
Justice Douglas that interest should not be allowed. Opinion by Mr.
Justice Douglas concurring in part and dissenting in part.
No. 306. Louis A. Johnson, Secretary of Defense of the United
States, et al., petitioners, v. Lothar Eisentrager, alias Ludwig Ehr-
hardt, on his own behalf and as Next Friend of Franz Siebert, et al.
On writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the
District of Columbia Circuit. Judgment of the Court of Appeals
reversed and judgment of the District Court dismissing the petition

MONDAY, JUNE 5, 1950
231
for writ of habeas corpus affirmed. The case is remanded to the United
States District Court for the District of Columbia. Opinion by Mr.
Justice Jackson. Dissenting opinion by Mr. Justice Black in which
Mr. Justice Douglas and Mr. Justice Burton concur.
No. 12, Original. The United States of America, plaintiff, v. The
State of Louisiana. Opinion by Mr. Justice Douglas holding that the
United States is entitled to the relief prayed for in the complaint. The
parties, or either of them, may before September 15, 1950, submit the
form of decree to carry the opinion of this Court into effect. Motion
of Louisiana for a jury trial denied. Separate opinion by Mr. Justice
Frankfurter. Mr. Justice Jackson and Mr. Justice Clark took no part
in the consideration or decision of this case.
No. 13, Original. The United States of America, plaintiff, v. The
State of Texas. The motion of the United States for judgment is
granted. The parties, or either of them, may before September 15,
1950, submit the form of decree to carry this opinion into effect. The
motions of Texas for an order to take depositions and for the appoint-
ment of a Special Master are denied. Opinion by Mr. Justice Douglas.
Dissenting opinion by Mr. Justice Reed in which Mr. Justice Minton
joins. Separate opinion by Mr. Justice Frankfurter. Mr. Justice
Jackson and Mr. Justice Clark took no part in the consideration or
decision of this case.
No. 33. Charles Quicksall, petitioner, v. People of the State of
Michigan. On writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Michigan.
Judgment affirmed. Opinion by Mr. Justice Frankfurter. Dissenting:
Mr. Justice Black. Mr. Justice Douglas took no part in the considera-
tion or decision of this case.
No. 221. Skelly Oil Company et al., petitioners, v. Phillips Petro-
leum Company. On writ of certiorari to the United States Court of
Appeals for the Tenth Circuit. Judgment of the Court of Appeals as
to Magnolia Petroleum Company vacated and cause remanded to the
Court of Appeals for further proceedings not inconsistent with the
opinion of this Court. As to Skelly Oil Company and Stanolind Oil
and Gas Company, the judgment is reversed with directions that the
cause be dismissed as to them. Opinion by Mr. Justice Frankfurter.
Mr. Justice Black agrees with the Court of Appeals and would affirm
its judgment. Opinion by Mr. Chief Justice Vinson dissenting in part
in which Mr. Justice Burton joins. Mr. Justice Douglas took no part
in the consideration or disposition of this case.
No. 230. Swift and Company Packers et al., petitioners, v. Com-
pania Colombiana Del Caribe, S. A. On writ of certiorari to the

MONDAY, JUNE 5, 1950
232
United States Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit. Judgment re-
versed with costs and case remanded to the United States District
Court for the District of the Canal Zone for proceedings not incon-
sistent with the opinion of this Court. Opinion by Mr. Justice Frank-
furter. Mr. Justice Douglas took no part in the consideration or
decision of this case.
No. 76. Travelers Health Association and R. E. Pratt, as Treasurer
Thereof, and in his Personal Capacity, appellants, v. Commonwealth
of Virginia, at the relation of State Corporation Commission. Appeal
from the Supreme Court of Appeals of Virginia. Judgment affirmed
with costs. Opinion by Mr. Justice Black. Concurring opinion by Mr.
Justice Douglas. Dissenting opinion by Mr. Justice Minton in which
Mr. Justice Jackson joins. Mr. Justice Reed and Mr. Justice Frank-
furter agreeing with the Court in reaching the merits, on the merits
join in the dissent of Mr. Justice Minton.
No. 384. Commissioner of Internal Revenue, petitioner, v. Chris-
tian W. Korell. On writ of certiorari to the United States Court
of Appeals for the Second Circuit. Judgment affirmed and case
remanded to the Court of Appeals. Opinion by Mr. Chief Justice
Vinson. Dissenting: Mr. Justice Black. Mr. Justice Douglas and
Mr. Justice Jackson took no part in the consideration or decision of
this case.
No. 44. Heman Marion Sweatt, petitioner, v. Theophilis Shickel
Painter et al. On writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Texas.
Judgment reversed with costs and cause remanded to the Supreme
Court of Texas for proceedings not inconsistent with the opinion of
this Court. Opinion by Mr. Chief Justice Vinson.
No. 34. G. W. McLaurin, appellant, v. Oklahoma State Regents for
Higher Education, Board of Regents of University of Oklahoma
et al. Appeal from the United States District Court for the Western
District of Oklahoma. Judgment reversed with costs and cause
remanded for proceedings in conformity with the opinion of this
Court. Opinion by Mr. Chief Justice Vinson.
No. 512. William A. Lyon, Superintendent of Banks of the State
of New York, etc., petitioner v. Eugene T. Singer, and
No. 527. Eugene T. Singer, petitioner, v. The Yokohama Specie
Bank, Limited, et al.; and
No. 513. William A. Lyon, Superintendent of Banks of the State
of New York, etc., petitioner, v. Banque Mellie Iran, and
No. 528. Banque Mellie Iran, petitioner, v. William A. Lyon,
Superintendent of Banks of the State of New York, etc. On writs of
certiorari to the Court of Appeals of New York. Judgments affirmed

MONDAY, JUNE 5, 1950
233
with costs. Opinion per curiam announced by Mr. Chief Justice
Vinson. Mr. Justice Frankfurter is of the opinion that the writs of
certiorari in Nos. 513 and 528 should be dismissed.
No. 2, Misc. William Henry Roberts, petitioner, v. The United
States District Court for the Northern District of California. Motion
for leave to file petition for writ of mandamus denied. Opinion per
curiam announced by Mr. Chief Justice Vinson. Mr. Justice Frank-
furter took no part in the consideration or decision of this case.
No. 12. Arthur Osman, David Livingston, Jack Paley, et al., ap-
pellants, v. Charles T. Douds, Individually and as Regional Director
of the National Labor Relations Board. Appeal from the United
States District Court for the Southern District of New York. Judg-
ment affirmed. Opinion per curiam announced by Mr. Chief Justice
Vinson. Mr. Justice Clark took no part in the consideration or
decision of this case. See opinion for dissents and concurrences.
The Chief Justice announced the following orders of the Court:
No. 814. A. J. Felman, appellant, v. The United States of America
and Federal Communications Commission. Appeal from the United
States District Court for the Northern District of Illinois. Per
curiam: The motion to affirm is granted and the judgment is affirmed.
No. 824. Consolidated Edison Company of New York, Inc., appel-
lant, v. Milo R. Maltbie et al. Appeal from the Supreme Court of
Albany County, New York. Per curiam: The motion to dismiss is
granted and the appeal is dismissed for want of a substantial federal
question.
No. 838. Angel B. Serna, appellant, v. Lon Walters, Warden of the
Arizona State Prison. Appeal from the Supreme Court of Arizona.
Per curiam: The motion for leave to proceed in forma pauperis is
granted. The appeal is dismissed for want of jurisdiction. Title
28, United States Code, Sec. 1257 (2). Treating the papers whereon
the appeal was allowed as a petition for writ of certiorari as required
by Title 28, United States Code, Sec. 2103, certiorari is denied.
No. 844. Loew's, Incorporated, appellant, v. The United States of
America;
No. 845. Warner Bros. Pictures, Inc., et al., appellants, v. The
United States of America;
No. 846. Twentieth Century-Fox Film Corporation et al., appel-
lants, v. The United States of America; and
No. 847. The United States of America, appellant, v. Loew's,
Incorporated et al. Appeals from the United States District Court
850087-50-75

MONDAY, JUNE 5, 1950
234
for the Southern District of New York. Per curiam: The judgment
is affirmed. Mr. Justice Jackson and Mr. Justice Clark took no part
in the consideration or decision of these cases.
No. 453. Joe Shoong and Rose Shoong, petitioners, v. Commis-
sioner of Internal Revenue. On petition for writ of certiorari to the
United States Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit. Per curiam:
The petition for writ of certiorari is granted and the judgment is re-
versed. Commissioner v. Korell, No. 384, decided this day. Mr.
Justice Black dissents. Mr. Justice Douglas took no part in the con-
sideration or decision of this case.
The Chief Justice said:
"The other orders of the Court appear upon the list certified by the
Chief Justice and filed with the Clerk and will not be announced
orally."
No. 795. Edward Fretwell Prichard, Jr., petitioner, v. The United
States of America. On petition for writ of certiorari to the United
States Court of Appeals for the Sixth Circuit. Per curiam: The Chief
Justice, Mr. Justice Reed, Mr. Justice Frankfurter, and Mr. Justice
Clark have disqualified themselves in this case. Because of this ab-
sence of a quorum, 28 U. S. C. § 1, and since a majority of the qualified
justices are of the opinion that the case cannot be heard and deter-
mined at the next term of court, the judgment of the Court of Appeals
is affirmed under 28 U. S. C. § 2109, which provides that under these
circumstances "the court shall enter its order affirming the judgment
of the court from which the case was brought for review with the
same effect as upon affirmance by an equally divided court."
No. 10, Original. The State of Georgia, complainant, v. The Penn-
sylvania Railroad Company et al. Upon submission of the report
of the Special Master herein it is ordered that it be received and filed.
Exceptions and objections of the parties, if any, shall be filed within
ninety days thereafter.
No. 11, Original. The United States of America, complainant, v.
The State of California. The motion of Harold L. Ickes for leave
to file suggestions is denied. Mr. Justice Jackson and Mr. Justice
Clark took no part in the consideration or decision of this motion.
No. 2. Graver Tank and Mfg. Co., Inc., et al., petitioners, v. The
Linde Air Products Company. The motion to issue the mandate
forthwith is denied. Mr. Justice Minton took no part in the consid-
eration or decision of this motion.

MONDAY, JUNE 5, 1950
235
No. 107. Standard Oil Company, petitioner, v. Federal Trade Com-
mission. This case is ordered restored to the docket for reargument.
No. 609. Larry Gara, petitioner, v. The United States of America.
The motion for leave to file brief of Ohio Pastors Convention as amicus
curiae is denied.
No. 821. Phillips Petroleum Company, appellant, v. The State of
Oklahoma et al.; and
No. 832. The United States of America, appellant, v. Mrs. Maria
Melitona Sanchez and Armand Mota. In these cases probable juris-
diction is noted.
No. 663. Standard Oil Company of New Jersey, petitioner, v. The
United States of America, as owner of the United States Ship
"YMS-12"; and
No. 664. Standard Oil Company of New Jersey, as owner of the
Steam Tanker "John Worthington," petitioner, v. The United States
of America. The petition for writs of certiorari to the Court of
Appeals for the Seventh Circuit is granted and the cases are trans-
ferred to the summary docket.
No. 710. Libby, McNeill and Libby, a corporation, petitioner, v.
The United States. The petition for writ of certiorari to the United
States Court of Claims is granted and the case is transferred to the
summary docket and assigned for argument immediately following
Nos. 663 and 664.
No. 766. Dorothy Bailey, petitioner, v. Seth W. Richardson et al.
The petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals for the
District of Columbia Circuit is granted and the case is assigned for
argument immediately following No. 554.
No. 429, Misc. Marton L. Whelchel, petitioner, v. A. McDonald,
Warden. The motion for leave to proceed in forma pauperis is
granted. The petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals
for the Fifth Circuit is granted and the case is transferred to the
appellate docket and placed on the summary docket.
No. 545, Misc. Thomas A. Gusik, a minor, by his Father and Next
Friend, John Gusik, petitioner, v. L. C. Schilder, Warden. The
motion for leave to proceed in forma pauperis is granted. The peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals for the Sixth Circuit
is granted and the case is transferred to the appellate docket. The case
is placed on the summary docket and assigned for argument immedi-
ately following No. 429, Misc.
No. 647. The United States, petitioner, v. East Side Canal and Irri-
rigation Company and Stevinson Water District. Petition for writ
of certiorari to the United States Court of Claims denied.

MONDAY, JUNE 5, 1950
236
No. 705. Helen K. Henjes and Edmund F. Bowen, as Executors of
the last will and testament of Gerd H. Henjes, deceased, et al., peti-
tioners, v. The United States. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
United States Court of Claims denied.
No. 740. Lena Simonsen, petitioner, v. John W. Emmerling,
Trustee of Franklin Building Company;
No. 761. John W. Emmerling, Trustee of Franklin Building Com-
pany, petitioner, v. Robert W. Schroeder; and
No. 762. John W. Emmerling, Trustee of Franklin Building Com-
pany, petitioner, v. Mollie Schroeder and June Kuptz. Petitions for
writs of certiorari to the Court of Appeals for the Seventh Circuit
denied.
No. 743. The United States of America, petitioner, v. Harry S.
Knight. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals for
the Third Circuit denied.
No. 745. Jessica S. Mahana, petitioner v. The United States. Peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Claims denied.
No. 756. Alfred L. Seavey, petitioner, v. The United States of
America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals for
the Third Circuit denied.
No. 760. State of Iowa, Conservation Commission of Iowa, High-
way Commission of Iowa, et al., petitioners, v. Federal Power Com-
mission, First Iowa Hydro-Electric Cooperative. Petition for writ
of certiorari to the Court of Appeals for the Eighth Circuit denied.
No. 763. De Bothezat Impeller Company, Inc., petitioner, v. Amer-
ican Machine and Metals, Inc. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit denied.
No. 764. Milton Theodore Shafer, petitioner, v. The United States
of America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals
for the Ninth Circuit denied.
No. 765. Francis H. Montmarquet, D/B/A O. C. Manufacturing
Company, petitioner, v. Johnson and Johnson. Petition for writ of
certiorari to the Court of Appeals for the Third Circuit denied.
No. 769. Edward Jackson Murray, petitioner, v. Lt. Gen. Albert
C. Wedemeyer, United States Army, Commanding General, 6th Army,
Presidio of San Francisco, California. Petition for writ of certiorari
to the Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit denied.
No. 776. Harry Y. Victor and Ella S. Victor, his wife, et al., peti-
tioners, v. Herbert Hillebrecht et al. Petition for writ of certiorari
to the Supreme Court of Illinois denied.
No. 779. Huntington Palisades Property Owners Corporation,
Ltd., petitioner, v. Metropolitan Finance Corporation of California.

MONDAY, JUNE 5, 1950
237
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals for the Ninth
Circuit denied.
No. 783. Clarence Jackson, petitioner, v. Herman J. Ruthazen,
Warden of the City Prison, Borough of Manhattan, 125 White Street,
New York. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals
for the Second Circuit denied.
No. 784. C. A. Mahon, petitioner, v. George Bennett, doing business
as George Bennett Construction Company and Harry Bennett. Peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals for the Eighth
Circuit denied.
No. 791. Firemen's Insurance Company of Newark, New Jersey,
petitioner, v. A. Walter Smith and Virginia Smith. Petition for writ
of certiorari to the Court of Appeals for the Eighth Circuit denied.
No. 793. E. R. Moody, Owner, Ferry Barge Martha Ruth Moody,
petitioner, v. Leonard Edmonston, Administrator of the Estates of
Charlie W. Vaughn, et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court
of Appeals for the Sixth Circuit denied.
No. 794. James B. Richardson, Trustee, petitioner, v. National Ac-
ceptance Company of Chicago. Petition for writ of certiorari to
the Court of Appeals for the Seventh Circuit denied.
No. 796. William Joseph Hudson, petitioner, v. The United States
of America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals
for the Fourth Circuit denied.
No. 800. Daniel D. Lynch, petitioner, v. The United States of
America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals for
the Seventh Circuit denied.
No. 823. Edwin H. Pilson, petitioner, v. Marjorie Pilson Salvoni.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals for the District
of Columbia Circuit denied.
No. 828. Robert L. Wixom, petitioner, v. The United States of
America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals for
the Seventh Circuit denied.
No. 841. William Henry Jackson, petitioner, v. The United States
of America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals
for the Sixth Circuit denied.
No. 402. Joseph Dorsey, Monroe Dowling, and Calvin Harper, pe-
titioners, v. Stuyvesant Town Corporation and Metropolitan Life
Insurance Company. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of
Appeals of the State of New York denied. Mr. Justice Black and
Mr. Justice Douglas are of the opinion certiorari should be granted.
850087-50-75

MONDAY, JUNE 5, 1950
238
No. 579. The United States, petitioner, v. Iowa-Wisconsin Bridge
Company, a corporation etc., et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to
the United States Court of Claims denied. Mr. Justice Black and Mr.
Justice Reed are of the opinion certiorari should be granted.
No. 759. Ernest L. Levine, petitioner, v. David H. Berman and
Dorothy Berman, Co-partners, doing business under the firm name and
style of David H. Berman Co. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
Court of Appeals for the Seventh Circuit denied. Mr. Justice Minton
took no part in the consideration or decision of this application.
No. 771. Marie Julia Young Kaufman Pratt et al., petitioners, v.
Margaret De Korwin, Individually and as Executrix of the will of
Joseph Maria De Korwin, deceased;
No. 772. Marie Julia Young Kaufman Pratt et al., petitioners, v.
Margaret De Korwin, Individually and as Executrix of the will of
Joseph Maria De Korwin, deceased;
No. 773. Marie Julia Young Kaufman Pratt et al., petitioners, v.
Margaret De Korwin, Individually and as Executrix of the will of
Joseph Maria De Korwin, deceased;
No. 789. Margaret De Korwin, Individually and as Executrix, etc.,
et al., petitioners, v. The First National Bank of Chicago et al.; and
No. 790. Gwendolyn Young Heyworth Koch, petitioner, v. Mar-
garet De Korwin, Individually and as Executrix, etc., et al. The pe-
titions for writs of certiorari to the Court of Appeals for the Seventh
Circuit are denied. Mr. Justice Minton took no part in the con-
sideration or decision of these applications.
No. 775. General Steel Castings Corporation et al., petitioners, v.
John S. Kroese. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of
Appeals for the Third Circuit denied. Mr. Justice Minton took no
part in the consideration or decision of this application.
No. 778. Yvette J. Madsen, petitioner, v. Louis A. Johnson, Secre-
tary of Defense, et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court
of Appeals for the District of Columbia Circuit denied.
No. 491, Misc. Yvette J. Madsen, petitioner, v. Louis A. Johnson
et al. Motion for leave to file petition for writ of habeas corpus denied.
No. 780. William J. Drury, petitioner, v. Stephen E. Hurley et al.,
Civil Service Commissioners of the City of Chicago; and
No. 781. Thomas E. Connelly, petitioner, v. Stephen E. Hurley
et al., Civil Service Commissioners of the City of Chicago. The
motion to dispense with printing the record is granted. The petition
for writs of certiorari to the Appellate Court for the First District of
Illinois is denied.

MONDAY, JUNE 5, 1950
239
No. 788. Richard Eichenlaub, petitioner, v. The United States of
America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals for
the Second Circuit denied. Mr. Justice Clark took no part in the
consideration or decision of this application.
No. 802. Bennett E. Meyers, petitioner, v. The United States of
America and Donald Clemmer, Director, Department of Corrections,
District of Columbia. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of
Appeals for the District of Columbia Circuit denied. Mr. Justice
Clark took no part in the consideration or decision of this application.
No. 10. American Communications Association, C. I. O., et al., ap-
pellants, v. Charles T. Douds, Individually and as Regional Director
of the National Labor Relations Board, Second Region. The motion
for leave to file brief of National Lawyers Guild as amicus curiae is
denied. The petition for rehearing is denied. Mr. Justice Douglas,
Mr. Justice Clark and Mr. Justice Minton took no part in the con-
sideration or decision of these applications.
No. 13. United Steelworkers of America et al., petitioners, v. Na-
tional Labor Relations Board. The petition for rehearing is denied.
Mr. Justice Douglas, Mr. Justice Clark, and Mr. Justice Minton took
no part in the consideration or decision of this application.
No. 98. The United States of America, petitioner, v. Ernestina G.
Fleischman; and
No. 99. The United States of America, petitioner, v. Helen R.
Bryan. The petition for rehearing is denied. Mr. Justice Douglas
and Mr. Justice Clark took no part in the consideration or decision of
this application.
No. 309. International Brotherhood of Teamsters, Chauffeurs,
Warehousemen, and Helpers Union, Local 309, et al., petitioners, v.
A. E. Hanke et al., Co-partners, D. B. A. Atlas Auto Rebuild; and
No. 364. Automobile Drivers and Demonstrators Local Union No.
882 et al., petitioners, v. George E. Cline. The petition for rehearing
is denied. Mr. Justice Douglas took no part in the consideration or
decision of this application.
No. 449. Building Service Employees International Union, Local
262, et al., petitioners, v. W. L. Gazzam. Petition for rehearing denied.
Mr. Justice Douglas took no part in the consideration or decision
of this application.
No. 542. Duncan Coffee Company, petitioner, v. Reconstruction
Finance Corporation. The motion of Wright Patman for leave to file
a brief as amicus curiae is denied. The petition for rehearing is
denied.

MONDAY, JUNE 5, 1950
240
No. 621. Morrison T. Wade and Bessie Lou Tanner Wade, peti-
tioners, v. The People of the State of Michigan; and
No. 691. William M. Brown, petitioner, v. Kenneth C. Royall,
Secretary of the Army, and Edward Witsell, The Adjutant General.
Petitions for rehearing in these cases denied.
No. 695. Bentley S. Handwork et al., Individually and as Trustees,
etc., petitioners, v. Horace A. Young, as Trustee in Bankruptcy of
the Estate of George R. Joslyn, Bankrupt; and
No. 696. Bentley S. Handwork et al., Individually and as Trustees,
etc., petitioners, v. Horace A. Young, as Trustee in Bankruptcy of the
Estate of George R. Joslyn, Bankrupt. Petition for rehearing denied.
No. 697. Garfield A. Berlinsky, petitioner, v. Tighe E. Woods,
Housing Expediter, Office of Housing Expediter, et al.;
No. 699. Jay M. Rowland, petitioner, v. State of Arkansas;
No. 721. Jepson L. Nelson and Charles W. Reeves, petitioners, v.
Louis Johnson, Secretary of National Defense, et al.; and
No. 754. The Emery Transportation Company, appellant, v. The
United States of America, Interstate Commerce Commission, et al.
The petitions for rehearing in these cases are severally denied.
No. 429. Annie Mary Timmons, petitioner, v. J. D. Fagan. Motion
for leave to file petition for rehearing denied. Mr. Justice Douglas
took no part in the consideration or decision of this application.
No. 119, Misc. Julia B. Minton, petitioner, v. Theodore Britton,
Deputy Commissioner. Petition for rehearing denied. Mr. Justice
Douglas took no part in the consideration or decision of this appli-
cation.
No. 413, Misc. Sadie Smith and Minnie Smith, petitioners, v. Mr.
and Mrs. J. L. Holt. The motion to defer consideration is denied.
The petition for rehearing is denied.
No. 427, Misc. Hans-Joachim Falkenstein, petitioner, v. People of
the State of New York. Motion for leave to file petition for rehearing
denied.
No. 48, Misc. James McClannahan, petitioner, v. People of the
State of Michigan. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme
Court of Michigan denied. Mr. Justice Black and Mr. Justice
Douglas are of the opinion the petition should be granted.
No. 190, Misc. Elmer A. Melanson, petitioner, v. Commonwealth
of Massachusetts;
No. 192, Misc. John H. Blondin, petitioner, v. Commonwealth of
Massachusetts; and
No. 194, Misc. Ronald W. Morin, petitioner, v. Commonwealth of
Massachusetts. Petitions for writs of certiorari to the Superior

MONDAY, JUNE 5, 1950
241
Court of Berkshire County, Massachusetts, denied. Mr. Justice
Black and Mr. Justice Douglas are of the opinion the petitions should
be granted.
No. 191, Misc. Elmer A. Melanson, petitioner, v. Commonwealth
of Massachusetts;
No. 193, Misc. John H. Blondin, petitioner, v. Commonwealth of
Massachusetts; and
No. 195, Misc. Ronald W. Morin, petitioner, v. Commonwealth of
Massachusetts. Petitions for writs of certiorari to the Supreme
Judicial Court of Suffolk County, Massachusetts, denied. Mr. Jus-
tice Black and Mr. Justice Douglas are of the opinion the petitions
should be granted.
No. 233, Misc. Charles Evans, petitioner, v. Browning Robinson,
Warden. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of St.
Clair County, Illinois, denied.
No. 236, Misc. Hilliard Sanders, petitioner, v. Edwin B. Swope,
Warden. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals for
the Ninth Circuit denied.
No. 244, Misc. William Edward Alred, petitioner, v. James V.
Bennett, etc., et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of
Appeals for the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 334, Misc. Lloyd Beverly Hart, petitioner, v. The United States
of America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals
for the Eighth Circuit denied.
No. 359, Misc. Bonewicz X. Dawson, petitioner, v. The United
States of America; and
No. 370, Misc. F. E. Nemec, petitioner, v. The United States of
America. Petitions for writs of certiorari to the Court of Appeals for
the Ninth Circuit denied.
No. 372, Misc. Homer C. Price, petitioner, v. E. B. Swope, Warden.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals for the Ninth
Circuit denied.
No. 375, Misc. Alfred Glen Symons, petitioner, v. The United
States of America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of
Appeals for the Ninth Circuit denied.
No. 415, Misc. Johnie H. Powers, petitioner, v. Walter A. Hunter,
Warden. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals for
the Tenth Circuit denied.
No. 445, Misc. Carolyn Elizabeth Schmidt, Administratrix of the
Estate of Calvin Dale Schmidt, deceased, et al., petitioners, v. The
United States of America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court
of Appeals for the Tenth Circuit denied.

MONDAY, JUNE 5, 1950
242
No. 446, Misc. Dorothy Ruth Fitzhugh, petitioner, v. State of Ala-
bama. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals of
Alabama denied.
No. 460, Misc. Julius Sturm, petitioner, v. The United States of
America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals for
the Seventh Circuit denied.
No. 466, Misc. Augustin Young, petitioner, v. New York Central
Railroad Company. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of
Appeals of Cuyahoga County, Ohio, denied.
No. 476, Misc. Fletcher Mills, petitioner, v. Frederick S. Baldi,
Supt. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Superior Court of Penn-
sylvania and the Supreme Court of Pennsylvania denied.
No. 501, Misc. Lawrence Goodall, petitioner, v. The United States
of America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals
for the District of Columbia Circuit denied.
No. 502, Misc. Royal Lamora, petitioner, v. State of Ohio. Peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Ohio denied.
No. 504, Misc. Fannie J. Licznerski, etc., petitioner, v. The United
States of America et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court
of Appeals for the Third Circuit denied.
No. 509, Misc. Bennett N. Oden, petitioner, v. Mason W. Hill,
Warden. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Utah
denied.
No. 512, Misc. Thomas Willard Eugene Moore, petitioner, v. C. J.
Shuttleworth, Warden. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court.
of Appeals for the Sixth Circuit denied.
No. 514, Misc. Robert S. Burchfield, petitioner, v. William H. Hiatt,
Warden. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals for
the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 515, Misc. Gladys I. Byers, petitioner, v. Juanita W. Temple.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals for the District
of Columbia Circuit denied.
No. 517, Misc. Albert W. Krause, petitioner, v. William H. Hiatt,
Warden. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals for
the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 518, Misc. Earl W. Taylor, petitioner, v. The United States of
America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals for
the Ninth Circuit denied.
No. 519, Misc. Eugene Paul Vance, petitioner, v. State of Tennes-
see. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Tennessee
denied.

MONDAY, JUNE 5, 1950
243
No. 520, Misc. Richard Anderson Lowe, petitioner, v. George W.
Humphrey, Warden. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of
Appeals for the Third Circuit denied.
No. 521, Misc. Charles Skinner, petitioner, v. The New York Cen-
tral Railroad Company et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
Court of Appeals for the Seventh Circuit denied.
No. 522, Misc. Raymond V. Masterson, petitioner, v. The United
States of America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Ap-
peals for the District of Columbia Circuit denied.
No. 525, Misc. Ernest George Bland, petitioner, v. O. B. Ellis, Man-
ager of the Texas Prison System. Petition for writ of certiorari to
the Court of Criminal Appeals of Texas denied.
No. 528, Misc. Amos Reed, petitioner, v. State of Michigan. Peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Michigan denied.
No. 529, Misc. Roy F. Gagnon, petitioner, v. State of Minnesota.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Minnesota
denied.
No. 530, Misc. Willie Davis, petitioner, v. W. Frank Smyth, Jr.,
Supt. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Ap-
peals of Virginia denied.
No. 531, Misc. Thomas Stephenson, petitioner, v. George W. Page,
Warden. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals for
the Third Circuit denied.
No. 534, Misc. Georgia M. Spruill, petitioner, v. Bishop S. D.
Brooks. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals for
the District of Columbia Circuit denied.
No. 535, Misc. Annie H. Logan, petitioner, v. Wiley M. Harty.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals for the Dis-
trict of Columbia Circuit denied.
No. 536, Misc. Ray F. Harris, petitioner, v. People of the State of
Illinois. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of Sanga-
mon County, Illinois, denied.
No. 537, Misc. J. Ernest Wilkins, Jr., petitioner, v. The United
States of America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of
Appeals for the Fourth Circuit denied.
No. 538, Misc. Joe Henry Hampton et al., petitioners, v. Common-
wealth of Virginia. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme
Court of Appeals of Virginia denied.
No. 541, Misc. William Kemmerer, petitioner, v. State of Michigan.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Michigan de-
nied.

MONDAY, JUNE 5, 1950
244
No. 542, Misc. William Lester Keith, petitioner, v. W. C. Miller,
Warden. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of
Wyoming denied.
No. 543, Misc. Joseph W. Di Silvestro, petitioner, v. United States
Veterans' Administration. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court
of Appeals for the Second Circuit denied.
No. 544, Misc. Edmond Arthur Rohde, petitioner, v. Thomas
O'Donnell, Acting Director. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
Supreme Court of Illinois denied.
No. 549, Misc. James Spencer, petitioner, v. Stanley P. Ashe,
Warden. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of
Pennsylvania denied.
No. 550, Misc. Harry Siegel and Maurice Meyer, petitioners, v.
Joseph E. Regan, Warden. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court
of Appeals for the Seventh Circuit denied.
No. 551, Misc. James M. Smith, petitioner, v. The United States of
America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals for
the District of Columbia denied.
No. 552, Misc. David Leon O'Hara, petitioner, v. Clarence P. Bur-
ford, Warden. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals
for the Tenth Circuit denied.
No. 559, Misc. Lloyd Edison Sampsell, petitioner, v. The People
of the State of California. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Su-
preme Court of California denied.
No. 523, Misc. Cecil Swain, petitioner, v. Clinton T. Duffy,
Warden;
No. 526, Misc. Moses Charlie Moss, petitioner, v. Dr. Ivan W.
Steele, Warden;
No. 532, Misc. Joseph Fleet, petitioner, v. Edwin T. Swenson,
Warden;
No. 533, Misc. Memphis Bridges, petitioner, v. Joseph E. Ragen,
Warden;
No. 539, Misc. Wilford Hill Castleman, petitioner, v. Dr. Winfred
Overholser;
No. 540, Misc. Dan Williams, Jr., petitioner, v. Dr. Winfred Over-
holser; and
No. 547, Misc. Bertha A. Paquette, petitioner, v. State of Illinois.
The motions for leave to file petitions for writs of habeas corpus in
these cases are severally denied.
No. 433, Misc. In the matter of Kurt Hans, petitioner;
No. 434, Misc. In the matter of Hans Th. Schmidt, petitioner; and

MONDAY, JUNE 5, 1950
245
No. 484, Misc. Dr. Hans-Heinrich Lammers, petitioner, v. The
United States of America. The motions for leave to file petitions for
writs of habeas corpus are denied. Mr. Justice Black and Mr. Justice
Douglas vote to deny without prejudice to making applications in a
District Court. Mr. Justice Jackson took no part in the consideration
or decision of these applications.
No. 497, Misc. John Edwin Byers, petitioner, v. The United States
of America et al. Motions for leave to file petitions for writs of cer-
tiorari and mandamus denied.
No. 524, Misc. Donald E. Chandler, petitioner, v. The United States
District Court for the Northern District of California;
No. 546, Misc. Jack Chapman, petitioner, v. The United States
District Court for the Northern District of California; and
No. 548, Misc. Charles E. Walshfer, petitioner, v. State of Michi-
igan. The motions for leave to file petitions for writs of mandamus
are severally denied.
No. 527, Misc. Joseph Kadans, petitioner, v. William C. Coleman.
Motion for leave to file petition for writ of injunction denied.
No. 568, Misc. Henry V. Tillman, petitioner, v. The State of
Florida. The motion for a stay of execution is denied.
The Chief Justice announced the following order:
"All cases submitted and all business before the Court at this term
in readiness for disposition having been disposed of,
"It is ordered by this Court that all cases on the docket be, and
they hereby are, continued to the next term."
Adjourned to the time and place appointed by law.
Х