I
OCTOBER TERM, 1956
STATISTICS
437033
usc
Original
Appellate
Miscella-
neous
Total
Number of cases on dockets-
14
1, 160
878
Cases disposed of ____
2, 052
3
900
798
1,701
Remaining on dockets………
11
260
80
351
Cases disposed of Appellate Docket:
By written opinions ____
By per curiam opinions or orders_.
By motion to dismiss or per stipulation (merit cases)
By denial or dismissal of petitions for certiorari___.
Cases disposed of-Miscellaneous Docket:
By written opinion__
By per curiam opinions or orders_.
By denial or dismissal of petitions for certiorari____
By denial or withdrawal of other applications_
By dismissal of appeals
By transfer to Appellate Docket_.
Number of written opinions
Number of printed per curiam opinions-
Number of petitions for certiorari granted_
Number of appeals in which jurisdiction was noted or post-
poned
Number of admissions to bar..
REFERENCE INDEX
112
125
3
664
0
10
584
153
20
29
100
9
139
39
2803
Court convened October 1, 1956, and adjourned July 11, 1957.
President Eisenhower-Court adjourned for the purpose of at-
tending Inauguration (January 21, 1957).
Inauguration Day-Court for the first time conducted business
other than admissions, but did not render opinions until
next day ____
Page
148
145, 149
Minton, J., retirement announced-correspondence (October
16, 1956)
Reed, J., retirement announced-correspondence (February 25,
1957)__
Designated and assigned to U. S. Court of Claims___
434072-57-1
49
159
359

II
Brennan, J., Commission (recess appointment) read and oath
taken (October 16, 1956); permanent commission recorded
and oath taken (March 25, 1957)
Whittaker, J., Commission read and oath taken (March 25,
1957)-
Burton, J., Temporarily assigned to Sixth Circuit__.
Burton, J., Designated to handle interim matters in original
action (2, 3, 4 Orig.) --
J. Lee Rankin, Solicitor General presented ----
Edmund P. Cullinan appointed Deputy Clerk, effective Janu-
ary 28, 1957
Richard Joseph Blanchard appointed Deputy Clerk, effective
February 18, 1957…………
Page
50, 201
201
190
120, 155
1
158
158
346
52, 216, 357
359
159
William Leigh Ellis appointed Assistant Director of the Ad-
ministrative Office of the United States Courts_.
Allotment orders___
Court adjourned "until further order of the Court".
Entire day devoted to delivery of opinions (February 25,
1957) –
Identification cards for counsel participating in oral argument
issued for first time
Attorneys:
Resignation from bar (Arthur Alan Reich)
--
----
Motion to withdraw appearance granted (430) ----.
Motion for leave to withdraw as counsel granted (9, 10) -
Appearance limited to counsel for parties (566 Misc.)
692 admissions on one day (April 24, 1957); 687 from New
Jersey (admitted in three groups, 240, 240, 212; 59
minutes)
One admission on Inauguration Day (January 21, 1957) ––
Counsel appointed (69, 566, 567, 568, 569, 719, 873). --
129
208
167
234
249
145
117,
129, 167, 352
Rules of Civil Procedure-Advisory Committee discharged
and its existence as a continuing body terminated...
Original cases:
Original decree vacated and new decree substituted on
joint motion and stipulation of parties (3 Orig. O. T.
1921) ____
Decree temporarily modified for 45-day period and addi-
tional 28-day period to permit water diversion to alle-
viate existing emergency conditions (Great Lakes Di-
version Cases, 2, 3, and 4 Orig.) ___.
3
284
120, 155
Motion for clarification of decree denied (Great Lakes
Diversion Cases, 2, 3, and 4 Orig.) ---
121

III
Original cases-Continued
Page
79, 65, 198
Motions for leave to file bills of complaint denied (12, 13,
and 14 Orig.) ---
Motions to amend complaint denied and bill dismissed
for absence of indispensable party (9 Orig.).
Individual Justice (Burton, J.) theretofore designated by
Court to act on requests for interim relief, fixed time for
filing response to motion for further modification of
decree (Great Lakes Diversion Cases, 2, 3, and 4 Orig.—
No Journal entry-January 16, 1957).
Motion of instrumentality of State (Parish) for leave to
intervene denied (11 Orig.) --
Motion for default judgment and to proceed ex parte de-
nied (11 Orig.)
Motion to take depositions and for judgment set for argu-
ment. After argument motions “continued" to permit
additional states to intervene (11 Orig.).
166
207
8
146, 345
Fee and expenses of Special Master approved and division
of costs ordered (9 Orig.).
Petition for order granted directing parties to make pay-
ments to fee and expenses of Special Master while case
was still pending before the Special Master (10 Orig.)--
Judgments:
Judgments announced-no opinions of the Court (59, 701
and 713 O. T. 1955, 175) ---
335
335
163, 321, 333
Judgment affirmed by equally divided Court (265).
Portion of judgment affirmed by equally divided Court-
balance of decree affirmed (2) ----
Judgments reversed on petitions for certiorari (573, 818,
823, 891, 844) __-
186
78
128, 300, 301, 322
Judgment affirmed (per curiam) immediately following
argument of petitioner-Court declined to hear further
argument (153).
-
184
Judgment vacated on suggestion of mootness (77, 702) – 206, 233
Judgment reversed on jurisdictional statement (599, 674,
723, etc.) --
145, 346, 347
Judgment vacated on jurisdictional statement (404) ….
Judgment vacated and state case remanded on agreement
of respondent that case should be so remanded (719) ---
Judgment reversed and remanded to Court of Appeals to
(1) affirm and enforce parts of FTC order, and (2) to
consider parts of FTC's petition for review (95) ------
121
266
7

IV
Judgments-Continued
Judgment Court of Appeals reversed and case remanded
to that Court for proceedings in conformity with opin-
ion (21-22, 54) --
Judgment reversed and remanded for sentencing (132) --
Judgments Court of Appeals and District Court vacated
and remanded to District Court for trial (632).
Judgment vacated and remanded with directions to dismiss
as moot (moot question arose during oral argument)
(125-224)
Motion to vacate granted and case remanded to state
court in light of stipulation of mootness (534) ----
Judgment reversed and remanded to Court of Appeals
with directions to remand to NLRB (422) ---
Judgment vacated and remanded with directions to U. S.
District Court to retain jurisdiction while efforts to ob-
tain appropriate state relief were exhausted (423) -
Amplifying opinion rendered following per curiam grant-
ing of motion to remand (20) ----
Order amended to provide for remand to highest state
court (404) __.
Order amended to treat appeal papers as petition for cer-
tiorari (115) ---
Amicus curiae:
-
Motion of Solicitor General to permit Louisiana State Bar
Assn. to present oral argument denied (68) --
Motion to file petition for leave to intervene or in alterna-
tive to consolidate with case awaiting argument
denied (16) ----
Motion for leave to file granted with leave to parties to
respond if so advised. (Motion filed late-case argued
next day) (64).
Motion for leave to appear and file brief denied (103) ___
Motion requesting party to present oral argument on issue
not covered in his brief denied (261)
---
Page
78, 122
165
166
197
239
276
283
64
129
146
8
96
129
129
187
Motion of Attorney General of N. Y. to argue amicus
curiae denied but invited to file brief (107).
207
Motion for leave to file amicus curiae brief granted (430-
834)--
267
Motion for leave to file amicus curiae brief in support of
petition for rehearing granted (313)
267
Attorney invited to appear and present oral argument as
amicus curiae in support of appellant on reargument
(590) __
352

Argument:
On motion to remand (20).
Motion to postpone denied (40) -----
Page
38
59
Argument by amicus curiae (with consent) (51, 94) --- 107, 143
Counsel directed to argue after effort to submit on briefs
(52) (no order-see correspondence) --
Pro se (68) (36, 82, 114).
108
118, 153
Court declined to hear further argument after completion
of petitioner's argument and immediately affirmed judg-
ment (153)
Reargument ordered (15, 570, 29, 32, 590, 34, 572, 415, 710,
589) --
Briefs:
184
325, 312, 352
188, 234, 343
Time for filing “merits" briefs fixed by Court (430, 710,
566 misc., 1103, 1108) -
Motion to strike respondent's brief denied (752) --
Motion to strike petition for rehearing denied (929 O. T.
1955) __
212
25
130
Respondent's waiver of filing brief opposing petition dis-
regarded and party directed to file brief (971) –
312
Motion to file supplement to brief in opposition to cer-
tiorari granted (216) --
Costs:
Motion to retax costs by appellee who contended there
had only been a partial reversal denied (11) ---
Motion to retax costs by appellees denied after reversal on
ground appellants had included unnecessary material in
designation (50) ----
Motion to dispense with payment of Clerk's cost granted
(petitioner was not a citizen) (572) –
301
336
130
Motion to print record and brief at public expense granted
(petitioner was not a citizen) (572) ---
130
Motion by corporation to proceed in forma pauperis de-
nied (One, Inc. v. Olesen)-
312
Motions:
Motion to remand denied and Federal Tort Claim case "re-
ferred to United States District Court for consideration
of settlement agreement" (607) --
285
Motion to consolidate denied (61, 596, et al.) 96, 224
Motion to treat conditional cross-petition for certiorari as
unconditional cross-petition granted and certiorari de-
nied (10)
167
434072-57-
--
-2

VI
Motions Continued
Motion for special leave to file supplemental brief after
oral argument granted (36, 114).
Page
167
Motion for special leave to file amicus curiae brief after
argument denied (103) --
167
312
Motion for leave to file amicus curiae brief after argument
by State granted (11 Original) –
Motion for hearing denied (666) (Certiorari had been
granted and a companion case heard and decided when
motion was made) --
Motion to remand postponed to hearing on merits and 30
minutes allowed each side prior to argument on merits.
Court heard argument on motion and then recessed.
Upon reconvening a per curiam was announced vacat-
ing the judgment and remanding the case for a new
trial. Three dissents to per curiam. Amplifying opin-
ion announced later (20).
Motion for leave to intervene denied (61) -
Parties:
312
8, 38, 64
Dominion of Canada declined to submit to jurisdiction as
a respondent by the filing of a brief opposing certiorari
but did file a brief amicus curiae with consent of peti-
tioner (821)--
96
242
Motion to "correct and amend title" granted and movant
"designated a party respondent” (773) -
188
Motion to "add" a party appellee denied (280) Movant
had participated in state court proceedings __
Motion for leave to intervene or, in alternative, to argue
as amicus curiae denied (422) ---
122
208
Motion for leave to file petition for rehearing by litigant
who had been denied leave to intervene denied (422)-
Attorney General of State invited to file brief and share
time of municipal law officer on reargument (590) ---
Motion to substitute a respondent after decision but before
judgment issued (149) (Six month period was about
to expire) -
Records:
Motion to use record in old cases granted (233, 605,
1014)_
339
312
352
48, 135, 354
65
Motion to enlarge record granted (132) (Rule 36 (6)).
----

VII
Records Continued
Motion to print record and brief at public expense granted
(petitioner not a citizen) (572) -
Motion to retax costs on reversal by appellee who con-
tended appellant's designation for printing included im-
material material denied (50).
Stays and bail:
Stay of execution-civil-referred by Justice to Court and
denied (835)--
Page
130
336
285
Stays of execution-capital cases-referred by Justices to
Court and granted at same time certiorari was granted
(595 Misc., 597 Misc., 659 Misc., 744 Misc.) --- 199, 200, 236, 302
Stay of execution and bail denied (No.
Michigan)
Rollins v.
59
Bail applications referred by Justices to Court and granted
(No. , Binion, 666).
-
Application for injunction denied (627 Misc.) -
Motion for writ of injunction denied (945) --
198
246
304
On consideration of application for bail, Court denied cer-
tiorari (814 Misc.) ---
356
Stay of execution in capital case granted ex mero motu
pending certiorari (838 Misc.)
352
Appeals:
Appeal dismissed for want of substantial federal question
and certiorari denied (190, 394) ----
-----
7,128
Appeal dismissed-certiorari granted and state court
judgment reversed without argument (372, 597) _____ 64, 156
Appeal dismissed for want of substantial federal ques-
tion-treated as certiorari and certiorari denied (2 ap-
peal questions and 5 certiorari questions) (806) --
Motion for leave to file motion to dismiss (filed after 30
days) granted and action on appeal withheld for reply
(506, 809)---
-----
240
128, 241
Appeal dismissed-certiorari granted and judgment of
state court reversed (769) --
265
Appeals in forma pauperis noted (213 Misc., 396 Misc.) __ 89, 156
Appeal dismissed in opinion after argument and certiorari
granted (175) ….
333
Certificate Record ordered up to pass upon sufficiency of cer-
tificate (762)---
187
Certificate May not be used to resolve conflict in panel of a
Court of Appeals; certificate dismissed (762) –
206

VIII
Certiorari:
Before judgment granted (834, 1103, 1108)
Order granting vacated and certiorari denied (moot)
(35) --
Order denying vacated and certiorari granted (430)-
Cross petition granted (758) ----
Page
209, 343
42
188
208
"Rule of Four" discussed in opinion (28, 42, 46, and 59).
Denial Memorandum of Justice re meaning of denial
(352)
Divisability of petition-Grant limited to single respond-
ent and judgment reversed as to it; Certiorari denied
as to other respondent (743) --
Motion of Receiver for petitioner (appointed by State
Court while petition was pending) to dismiss petition
denied (Rule 60 (2) invoked) (201).
Denied without prejudice to "filing for federal habeas
corpus after exhausting state remedies” (642 Misc.) ---
Motion to treat conditional cross-petition as unconditional
cross-petition granted and petition denied (10) -----
Certiorari granted "limited to issues raised in the amended
motion to remand and supplement thereto and the re-
spondent's answer to the amended motion to remand"
(9) --
Motions to defer consideration of petitions denied (305,
778, 779) ---
Motion for leave to file supplemental petition granted
(501)
Certiorari granted on Friday and case set for argument
17 days later (1103 and 1108) __.
Certiorari denied on Wednesday due to imminence of
execution date (433) --
Rehearings:
Granted and argument directed (701-713 O. T. 1955)---
Granted but Court adhered to order denying certiorari
(1013)
Party requested to file response under Rule 58 (701-713
O. T. 1955, 312 O. T. 1955)-
"End of Term"-Petition for rehearing denied (Journal
O. T. 1955). Motion for leave to file petition for re-
hearing denied (Journal O. T. 1955). Order denying
certiorari vacated and petition for rehearing "contin-
ued" ex mero motu (p. 284 Journal O. T. 1955). Motion
to vacate order “continuing” petition for rehearing de-
162
83
223
134
268
167
167
70, 212
123
343
76
65
355
24, 157

IX
Rehearings Continued
nied. Opinion granting petition for rehearing and re-
versing judgment (2 Justices not participating). Mo-
tion for consideration by full Court and petition for
rehearing denied. Printed petitions addressed to two
non-participating Justices filed. (312 O. T. 1955) ---
Page
80,
223, 304
Motion for leave to file petition granted (751 Misc. O. T.
1955) ___
Motion for leave to file petition by litigants who had been
denied motion for leave to intervene, denied (422) ---
Motion for leave to file petition for rehearing from order
denying motion for leave to intervene, denied (422) --
Motion for leave to file petition "out of time" granted and
petition held pending decision in companion case (412) -
Motion to withdraw petition granted (576) --
Motion for leave to strike petition denied (929 O. T. 1955) –
Motion for leave to supplement petition granted (773) ---
Order suspending call of docket entered May 13; argument
completed May 13
Order fixing adjournment date_
Final order (July 11, 1957).
66
339
339
226
241
25
305
289
342, 357
361
U. S. GOVERNMENT PRINTING OFFICE: 1957



MONDAY, OCTOBER 1, 1956
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
1
Present: Mr. Chief Justice Warren, Mr. Justice Black, Mr. Justice
Reed, Mr. Justice Frankfurter, Mr. Justice Douglas, Mr. Justice Bur-
ton, Mr. Justice Clark, Mr. Justice Minton, and Mr. Justice Harlan.
Mr. Attorney General Brownell presented the Honorable J. Lee
Rankin, of Nebraska, Solicitor General of the United States.
The Chief Justice said:
"Mr. Solicitor General, the Court welcomes you to the performance
of the important duty with which you are specially charged, the duty
of representing the Government at the Bar of this Court on all cases
in which it asserts an interest. Your commission will be recorded by
the Clerk.
I should also like to take this occasion to commend the work of your
predecessor in office, Judge Sobeloff, and to wish him every success
and happiness on the Bench."
The commission of the Solicitor General is in the following words,
viz:
"DWIGHT D. EISENHOWER
"PRESIDENT OF THE UNITED STATES OF AMERICA
"To all who shall see these Presents, Greeting:
"KNOW YE: That reposing special trust and confidence in the Wis-
dom, Uprightness and Learning of J. Lee Rankin, of Nebraska, I do
appoint him Solicitor General of the United States and do authorize
and empower him to execute and fulfill the duties of that Office accord-
ing to the Constitution and Laws of the said United States, and to
Have and to Hold the said Office, with all the powers, privileges, and
emoluments to the same of right appertaining, unto him, the said
J. Lee Rankin, until the end of the next session of the Senate of the
United States and no longer; subject to the provisions of law.
"In testimony whereof, I have caused these Letters to be made patent
and the seal of the Department of Justice to be hereunto affixed.
"Done at the City of Washington this fourteenth day of August, in
the year of our Lord one thousand nine hundred and fifty-six and of
the Independence of the United States of America the one hundred
and eighty-first.
"By the President:
"DWIGHT D. EISENHOWER.
"Attorney General."
"HERBERT BROWNELL, Jr.,
400278-56-1

MONDAY, OCTOBER 1, 1956
2
Bernard Cedarbaum, of New Haven, Conn., and William G. Hund-
ley, of Brooklyn, N. Y., on motion of Mr. Solicitor James Lee Rankin;
Herman J. A. C. Arens, of Coral Gables, Fla., on motion of Mr.
Elmore Whitehurst; Roger D. Fisher, of McLean, Va., on motion
of Mr. John Lord O'Brian; Raymond H. Benedict, of Sandusky,
Mich., on motion of Mr. Jesse P. Wolcott%; Hobart F. Atkins, of
Knoxville, Tenn., on motion of Mr. Howard H. Baker; Robert W.
Qualey, of Geneva, Ill., on motion of Mr. Royal E. Jackson; Raymond
H. Dixon, of Alexandria, Va., on motion of Mr. Edwin L. Fisher;
Alva Austin Lewis, of Madison, Ill., and Kenneth Francis Kelly, of
Alton, Ill., on motion of Mr. Fred P. Schuman; Randal F. Dickey, of
Alameda, Calif., on motion of Mr. Thomas L. Preston; Albert F. Bei-
tel, of San Antonio, Tex., and David A. Fegan, of Washington, D. C.,
on motion of Mr. Allen H. Gardner; Rufus W. Reynolds, of Greens-
boro, N. C., on motion of Mr. Thomas H. Wall; John H. Hudson, of
Atlanta, Ga., and William Ralph Hudson, of Marietta, Ga., on motion
of Mr. John Wilson Ellis; Allen Ray Grinstead, of Sonoma, Calif.,
on motion of Mr. Norman M. Littell; Richard M. FitzSimmons, of
New York, N. Y., on motion of Mr. Frederick S. Hill; Hazel Peck
Wilford, of Amana, Iowa, on motion of Mr. Reuben Lozner; Cecil H.
Quesseth, of Salem, Oreg., Jake Louis Abraham, of Port Gibson,
Miss., William Richardson Kenney, of Washington, D. C., John C.
McDonald, of Dallas Center, Iowa, Maurice Edward Wright, of Santa-
Ana, Calif., Earl John Stephenson, of Salt Lake City, Utah, Allan
Lame, of San Diego, Calif., Benjamin David Avan, of Los Angeles,
Calif., Richard Howard Shields, of San Jose, Calif., John O'Connell
Fugazi, of Stockton, Calif., Charles Rhoades Burton, of Lexington,
Ky., Jack M. Whitmore, of Seattle, Wash., Edward J. McCormick,
Jr., of Seattle, Wash., John A. Montgomery, Jr., of Sacramento, Calif.,
Frederick Edwin Mueller, of Long Beach, Calif., John F. Cramer,
Jr., of Portland, Oreg., David W. Harris, of Seattle, Wash., Dale
A. Rader, of Portland, Oreg., Jarvis E. Lowe, of Everett, Wash.,
David N. Strausser, of Riverside, Calif., John Aldine Hopwood, of
Los Angeles, Calif., John Ashley Greene, of Oregon City, Oreg., Rob-
ert Francis Jacobs, of San Jose, Calif., W. Earl Smart, of Lemon
Grove, Calif., and Frank Gilman Brookings, of Pomona, Calif., on
motion of Mr. Reginald Carl Harmon; Hortense Fulo Kessler, of New-
ark, N. J., Richard F. Kessler, of Newark, N. J., William A. Ancier,
of Newark, N. J., and William F. Nies, of Newark, N. J., on motion
of Mr. Samuel E. Neel; J. Sam Winters, of Austin, Tex., and Walter
Boyd Scarborough, of Sherman, Tex., on motion of Mr. Arthur C.
Perry; Raymond Herbert Levy, of San Francisco, Calif., and Truman
Sheldon Waterman, of San Francisco, Calif., on motion of Mr. Leon

MONDAY, OCTOBER 1, 1956
3
Morris Shinberg; Henry Paul Stetina, of Ardsley, N. Y., on motion
of Mr. Richard S. T. Marsh; Audrey-deane Sullivan, of Las Vegas,
Nev., and John J. Sullivan, of Las Vegas, Nev., on motion of Mr.
William M. Burkhalter; Robert Silverstein, of Miami, Fla., on mo-
tion of Mr. Posey Kime; Ernest T. Coutlis, of Boston, Mass., on
motion of Mr. Philip Elman; Sidney Somers Zlotnick, of Washing-
ton, D. C., on motion of Mr. Dean Harrington Cochran; Max Roth
Israelson, of Baltimore, Md., and Jo Bishop Gardner, of Monett,
Mo., on motion of Mr. Warren E. Miller; Leo J. O'Brien, of San
Francisco, Calif., on motion of Mr. Lawrence P. Hansen; Harrison
Dale Griffin, of Fort Lauderdale, Fla., Robert Kenneth Powers, of
Spokane, Wash., and John W. Fleming, of Fort Lauderdale, Fla.,
on motion of Mr. William Amory Underhill; Walter James Kronzer,
Jr., of Houston, Tex., on motion of Mr. Milton K. Eckert; Jay Pfoten-
hauer, of San Francisco, Calif., on motion of Mr. Charles R. Johnston;
William B. Dorsey, of Baton Rouge, La., on motion of Mr. Bernard J.
Gallagher; Mabel E. Arcuri, of Brooklyn, N. Y., Luke A. Salvati,
of New York, N. Y., James Edward Foley, of New York, N. Y., and
Joseph G. Lachini, of New York, N. Y., on motion of Mr. Patrick I.
Flannelly; Jack Joseph, of Chicago, Ill., on motion of Mr. Arthur
Lazarus, Jr.; Willis Riley Deming, of San Francisco, Calif., on mo-
tion of Mr. Tom Killefer; John Leo McCullough, of Chevy Chase,
Md., and James M. McCullough, of Chevy Chase, Md., on motion
of Mr. Leo J. McCullough; Henry Paul Kosling, of Youngstown,
Ohio, on motion of Mr. Charles R. Richey; John Merwin Bader, of
Wilmington, Del., on motion of Mr. Earl Hubert Davis; Milo B.
Williams, of New Orleans, La., on motion of Mr. Ross O'Donoghue;
Joel W. Westbrook, of San Antonio, Tex., on motion of Mr. James M.
Barnes; Guy Emery, of Alexandria, Va., on motion of Mr. William
H. Doherty; Joseph Mitchell Kaye, of Greenwich, Conn., on motion
of Mr. Herbert John Miller, Jr.; and Philip John Richie, of Brandt,
Ohio, and Paul Edmond Layton, of Fairborn, Ohio, on motion of
Mr. Brackley Shaw, were admitted to practice.
ORDER
It is ordered by this Court that the Advisory Committee to advise
the Court with respect to proposed amendments or additions to the
Rules of Civil Procedure for the District Courts of the United States,
as appointed pursuant to an order of this Court dated June 3, 1935,
is hereby discharged with thanks, and further that the order of this
Court dated January 5, 1942, making said Rules Committee a con-
tinuing body is hereby revoked.

MONDAY, OCTOBER 1, 1956
Adjourned until Monday, October 8, next, at 12 o'clock.
4
The day call for Monday, October 8, will be as follows: Nos. 1, 4,
and 6 (7 and 8).

MONDAY, OCTOBER 8, 1956
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
20
5
Present: Mr. Chief Justice Warren, Mr. Justice Black, Mr. Justice
Reed, Mr. Justice Frankfurter, Mr. Justice Douglas, Mr. Justice
Burton, Mr. Justice Clark, Mr. Justice Minton, and Mr. Justice
Harlan.
John Marshall Sekul, of Biloxi, Miss., Clare Sekul Hornsby, of
Biloxi, Miss., Anna R. Lavin, of Chicago, Ill., Frank J. Gagen, Jr.,
of Chicago, Ill., John Gannon, of Chicago, Ill., Edward J. Calihan,
Jr., of Chicago, Ill., Edward A. Pizzi, of Summit, N. J., Richard G.
O'Brien, of Berkeley Heights, N. J., L. Harrison Thayer II, of New
York, N. Y., J. Worth Owen, of Tallahassee, Fla., Joseph S. Grant,
of Chicago, Ill., Herman J. Zawin, of New York, N. Y., I. Stanley
Stein, of New York, N. Y., John H. Hoffman, of Chicago, Ill., Morris
S. Bromberg, of Chicago, Ill., and George L. Mikan, of Minneapolis,
Minn., on motion of Mr. Solicitor General James Lee Rankin; William
T. Fitzgerald, of Evansville, Ind., on motion of Mr. William B.
Jones; Esther S. Crane, of Aztec, N. Mex., on motion of Mr. Robert
B. Frank; Fred E. Henne, of North Little Rock, Ark., on motion of
Mr. Brooks Hays; Lawrence R. Taylor, Jr., of Dallas, Tex., on motion
of Mr. Alan Cole; Leonard E. Nelson, of Washington, D. C., on
motion of Mr. Samuel D. McIlwain; Jorge de la Cruz Figueroa, of
San Juan, P. R., on motion of Mr. Philip F. Herrick; Denver E.
Perkins, of Gonzales, Tex., on motion of Mr. Pleasant Baxter Davis;
Kinsey Thomas James, of Peoria, Ill., on motion of Mr. Harold H.
Velde; Frank Cleveland Bolton, Jr., of Dallas, Tex., on motion of
Mr. William P. McClure; William V. Bour, Jr., of Arlington, Va.,
and Edward A. J. Chicca, of Hyattsville, Md., on motion of Mr. Edwin
L. Fisher; Marshall C. Cheney, Jr., of Portland, Oreg., on motion of
Mr. William C. Hamilton, Jr.; Bolivar Lea Allen, of El Dorado, Ark.,
on motion of Mr. Jeff Davis; Frances A. Kelly, of Alexandria, Va.,
on motion of Mr. F. Trowbridge vom Baur; Marshall E. Hanley, of
Muncie, Ind., on motion of Mr. Will Shafroth; William F. Thornton,
of Akron, Ohio, on motion of Mr. Francis C. Browne; Benjamin Drey-
fus, of San Francisco, Calif., on motion of Mr. Robert W. Kenny; Lwo
Branton, Jr., of Los Angeles, Calif., on motion of Mr. Hubert T.
Delany; Joseph W. Mento, of Sacramento, Calif., on motion of Mr.
Stewart French; Robert E. McCormick, of New York, N. Y., on
motion of Mr. Marx Leva; Eugene Z. DuBose, of New York, N. Y.,
and Joseph Colin McKinnon, of New York, N. Y., on motion of Mr.
400278-56-2

MONDAY, OCTOBER 8, 1956
6
Hugh B. Cox; Robert B. Nolan, of Boston, Mass., on motion of Mr.
Nicholas J. Chase; Francis Lee Lawrence, of Tyler, Tex., on motion
of Mr. Mastin C. White; Charles Hill Anderson, of Chattanooga,
Tenn., Milton D. McClure, of Chattanooga, Tenn., and Don Moore,
Jr., of Chattanooga, Tenn., on motion of Mr. Paul M. Rhodes; Stanley
S. Stein, of Miami Beach, Fla., on motion of Mr. Robert T. Murphy;
Moise W. Dennery, of New Orleans, La., on motion of Mr. Albert
Byrne Litschgi; Edwin Wilbur Chaffee, of Compton, Calif., on
motion of Mr. Homer R. Miller; Samuel Masia, of New York, N. Y.,
on motion of Mr. Martin Werner; Edwin J. Dotson, of Las Vegas,
Nev., on motion of Mr. Edwin A. Mooers; Wanda Quinlan Lahanier,
of San Francisco, Calif., William Albert Lahanier, of San Francisco,
Calif., and Francis P. Walsh, of San Francisco, Calif., on motion of
Mr. Geoffrey Creyke, Jr.; Louis P. Bertoni, of Clifton, N. J., Adolph
Alfonso Romei, of Fair Lawn, N. J., Aaron Dines, of Clifton, N. J.,
John Koribanics, of Clifton, N. J., and Steven Koribanics, of Clifton,
N. J., on motion of Mr. Scott G. Rigby; Garza Baldwin, Jr., of Sulli-
van, Ind., and George E. Taylor, of Sullivan, Ind., on motion of Mr.
John T. Hays; Albert L. Jeffers, of Fort Wayne, Ind., on motion of
Mr. Edwin Collier; and Stephen A. Pace, Jr., of Long Beach, Calif.,
on motion of Mr. Byron Nicholson Scott, were admitted to practice.
No. 66. Van Huffel Tube Corporation and the Wean Engineering
Company, Inc., appellants, v. Stanley J. Bowers, Tax Commissioner
of Ohio. Appeal from the Supreme Court of Ohio;
No. 81. Ottawa Hunting Association, Inc., a Corporation, appellant,
v. The State of Kansas et al. Appeal from the Supreme Court of
Kansas;
No. 165. Duluth, Missabe and Iron Range Railway Company, ap-
pellant, v. State of Minnesota et al. Appeal from the Supreme Court
of Minnesota;
No. 170. Charles Goodwin, Jr., appellant, v. The State Tax Com-
mission. Appeal from the Court of Appeals of New York; and
No. 226. Williams-McWilliams Industries, Inc., appellant, v. Alex
McKeigney, Chairman, State Tax Commission. Appeal from the
Supreme Court of Mississippi. Per Curiam: The motions to dismiss
are granted and the appeals are dismissed for want of a substantial
federal question.
No. 88. W. B. Taylor appellant, v. State of Oklahoma, ex rel. Ross
Rutherford, County Attorney in and for Jackson County, State of
Oklahoma. Appeal from the Supreme Court of Oklahoma; and
No. 188. Mabel Malotte, appellant, v. The People of the State of
California. Appeal from the Supreme Court of California. Per

MONDAY, OCTOBER 8, 1956
7
Curiam: The appeals are dismissed for want of a substantial federal
question.
No. 99. Pacific Western Oil Corporation, a Corporation, Successor
in Interest to George F. Getty, Inc., appellant, v. Franchise Tax Board,
State of California. Appeal from the District Court of Appeals of
California, Third Appellate District. Per Curiam: The motion to
dismiss is granted and the appeal is dismissed. Treating the papers
whereon the appeal was taken as a petition for writ of certiorari,
certiorari is denied.
No. 115. J. S. Garlington, by Donald Garlington as Next Friend,
etc., et al., appellants, v. A. L. Wasson and Wife Martha Wasson and
N. H. Reed. Appeal from the Court of Civil Appeals of Texas,
Eleventh Supreme Judicial District. Per Curiam: The appeal is
dismissed for want of jurisdiction.
No. 190. Cooley Ellis, appellant, v. Ohio Turnpike Commission
et al. Appeal from the Supreme Court of Ohio. Per Curiam: The
motion to dismiss is granted and the appeal is dismissed for want of a
substantial federal question. Treating the papers whereon the appeal
was taken as a petition for writ of certiorari, certiorari is denied.
No. 214. Field Enterprises, Inc., appellant, v. State of Washington.
Appeal from the Supreme Court of Washington. Per Curiam: The
judgment is affirmed. Norton Company v. Department of Revenue
of Illinois, 340 U. S. 534. Mr. Justice Frankfurter and Mr. Justice
Harlan are of the opinion that probable jurisdiction should be noted.
No. 95. Federal Trade Commission, petitioner, v. The American
Crayon Company. On petition for writ of certiorari to the United
States Court of Appeals for the Sixth Circuit. Per Curiam: The
petition for writ of certiorari is granted and the judgment is reversed.
The case is remanded with directions as follows: (1) to affirm and
enforce paragraphs numbered 4 and 5 and the unnumbered paragraph
following paragraph numbered 5 of the Federal Trade Commission's
order issued pursuant to § 2 (d) of the Clayton Act; and (2) to con-
sider and pass upon the Federal Trade Commission's petition for
affirmance and enforcement of the provisions of paragraphs numbered
1, 2 and 3 of the Federal Trade Commission's order issued under § 2
(a) of that Act.
No. 92, Misc. Herbert Hatchett, appellant, v. The State of Mich-
igan. Appeal from the Supreme Court of Michigan. Per Curiam:
The appeal is dismissed.
No. 102, Misc. William A. Wetzel, appellant, v. Marvin Wiggins,
Superintendent of the Mississippi State Penitentiary, et al. Appeal
from the Supreme Court of Mississippi. Per Curiam: The appeal is
dismissed. Treating the papers whereon the appeal was taken as a
petition for writ of certiorari, certiorari is denied.

MONDAY, OCTOBER 8, 1956
8
No. 108, Misc. Annie Ellenberger, appellant, v. The City of Oak-
land, a Municipal Corporation, Police and Fire Retirement Board,
John Collier, City Attorney. Appeal from the Superior Court of
California, in and for Alameda County. Per Curiam: The appeal is
dismissed. The Chief Justice took no part in the consideration or
decision of this case.
No. 20. Stephen Mesarosh, also known as Steve Nelson, et al., peti-
tioners, v. United States of America. Further consideration of the
motion to remand is postponed to the hearing on the merits. Counsel
are directed at the outset to address themselves to this motion and 30
additional minutes are allotted to each side for that purpose. Mr.
Justice Frankfurter has filed a memorandum in this case.
No. 32. Claude Mack Lightfoot, petitioner, v. United States of
America. The motion of Bruce McM. Wright et al. for leave to file
brief, as amici curiae, is denied.
No. 34. Charles Rowoldt, petitioner, v. J. D. Perfetto, Acting Of-
ficer in Charge, Immigration and Naturalization Service, Department
of Justice, St. Paul, Minnesota. The motions of International Long-
shoremen's and Warehousemen's Union and National Lawyers Guild
for leave to file briefs, as amici curiae, are denied.
No. 61. David S. Alberts, appellant, v. State of California. The
motion of American Civil Liberties Union, Southern California
Branch, for leave to file brief, as amicus curiae, is denied.
No. 68. Delvaille H. Theard, petitioner, v. United States of Amer-
ica. The motion of the Solicitor General to permit the Louisiana
State Bar Association to present oral argument is denied. Leave to
submit a brief is granted.
No. 11, Original. United States of America, plaintiff, v. State of
Louisiana. The motion to dismiss on jurisdictional grounds is denied.
The motion for entry of default and for leave to proceed ex parte is
denied. The State of Louisiana is directed to file an answer on the
merits within 30 days. The Chief Justice took no part in the con-
sideration or decision of these motions or order of the Court.
No. 82. Baker, Weeks & Co. et al., appellants, v. Breswick & Co.
et al.; and
No. 114. Interstate Commerce Commission, appellant, v. Breswick
& Company et al. Appeals from the United States District Court for
the Southern District of New York. In these cases probable jurisdic-
tion is noted. The cases are consolidated and a total of two hours

MONDAY, OCTOBER 8, 1956
9
allowed for oral argument. The cases are assigned for argument im-
mediately following No. 36.
No. 101. American Trucking Associations, Inc., et al., appellants,
v. United States of America and Interstate Commerce Commission
et al.; and
No. 110. Railway Labor Executives' Association et al., appellants,
v. United States of America and Interstate Commerce Commission,
et al. Appeals from the United States District Court for the District
of Columbia. In these cases probable jurisdiction is noted. The
cases are consolidated and a total of two hours allowed for oral argu-
ment. Counsel in No. 110 are invited to discuss the issue of standing
to sue
No. 125. Arkansas & Louisiana Missouri Railway Company; the
Atchison, Topeka and Santa Fe Railway Company; Gulf, Colorado
and Santa Fe Railway Company; et al., appellants, v. Amarillo-
Borger Express, Inc., et al.; and
No. 224. United States of America and Interstate Commerce Com-
mission, appellants, v. Amarillo-Borger Express, Inc., et al. Appeals
from the United States District Court for the Northern District of
Texas. In these cases probable jurisdiction is noted. The cases are
consolidated and a total of two hours allowed for oral argument.
No. 175. Paul M. Sweezy, appellant, v. State of New Hampshire by
Louis C. Wyman, Attorney General. Appeal from the Supreme
Court of New Hampshire. Further consideration of the question of
jurisdiction is postponed to the hearing of the case on the merits.
No. 280. P. S. Guss d/b/a Photo Sound Products Manufacturing
Company, appellant, v. Utah Labor Relations Board. Appeal from
the Supreme Court of Utah. In this case probable jurisdiction is
noted and the case is transferred to the summary calendar and as-
signed for argument immediately following No. 50.
No. 289. United States of America, appellant, v. James Vernon
Turley. Appeal from the United States District for the District of
Maryland. In this case probable jurisdiction is noted and the case
is transferred to the summary calendar.
No. 295. United States of America, appellant, v. George I. Witko-
vich, also known as Juri Isador Witkovich. Appeal from the United
States District Court for the Northern District of Illinois. In this
case probable jurisdiction is noted.
No. 79. International Brotherhood of Teamsters, Local 695,
A. F. L., et al., petitioners, v. Vogt, Inc. Petition for writ of certio-
rari to the Supreme Court of Wisconsin granted.
400278-56-3

MONDAY, OCTOBER 8, 1956
10
No. 89. Automobile Club of Michigan, petitioner, v. Commissioner
of Internal Revenue. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United
States Court of Appeals for the Sixth Circuit granted.
No. 94. William Radovich, petitioner, v. National Football League,
Bert Bell, J. Rufus Klawans, et al. Petition for writ of certiorari
to the United States Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit granted.
No. 97. United States of America, petitioner, v. Union Pacific
Railroad Company. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United
States Court of Appeals for the Tenth Circuit granted.
No. 103. National Labor Relations Board, petitioner, v. Truck
Drivers Local Union No. 449, International Brotherhood of Team-
sters, Chauffeurs, Warehousemen and Helpers of America, A. F. L.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the Second Circuit granted.
No. 109. J. D. Conley et al., petitioners, v. Pat J. Gibson, General
Chairman of Locals 6051 and 28, etc., et al. Petition for writ of cer-
tiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit
granted.
No. 122. James P. Mitchell, Secretary of Labor, United States
Department of Labor, petitioner, v. Bekins Van and Storage Com-
pany, a Corporation. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United
States Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit granted.
No. 137. Ben Gold, petitioner, v. United States of America. Peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for
the District of Columbia Circuit granted.
No. 153. Olin Mathieson Chemical Corporation, petitioner, v. Na-
tional Labor Relations Board. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
United States Court of Appeals for the Fourth Circuit granted.
No. 162. Shirley Kremen, Samuel Irving Coleman and Sidney
Steinberg, petitioners, v. United States of America. Petition for writ
of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the Ninth
Circuit granted.
No. 205. United States of America, ex rel. Anastasios Hintopoulos,
et al., petitioners, v. Edward J. Shaughnessy, District Director of Im-
migration and Naturalization Service at the Port of New York.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the Second Circuit granted.
No. 260. Joseph Curcio, petitioner, v. United States of America.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the Second Circuit granted.
No. 269. James E. Youngdahl, W. Chandler, Ruth Ralph, Amal-
gamated Clothing Workers of America, CIO, et al., petitioners, v.

MONDAY, OCTOBER 8, 1956
11
Rainfair, Inc. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court
of Arkansas granted.
No. 302. Cornelius Vanderbilt, Jr., petitioner, v. Patricia W. Van-
derbilt and Thomas F. McCoy, Receiver and Sequestrator. Petition
for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals of New York and the
Supreme Court of New York, County of New York, granted.
No. 310. Fourco Glass Company, petitioner, v. Transmirra Prod-
ducts Corporation and Robert Aronstein. Petition for writ of certi-
orari to the United States Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit
granted.
No. 199. Earl R. Deen, petitioner, v. Gulf, Colorado and Santa Fe
Railway Company. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of
Civil Appeals of Texas, Eleventh Supreme Judicial District, granted
and case transferred to the summary calendar.
No. 240. H. T. Arnold, petitioner, v. Panhandle and Santa Fe Rail-
way Co. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of
Texas and the Court of Civil Appeals of Texas, Seventh Supreme
Judicial District, granted and case transferred to the summary
calendar.
No. 257. Gordon P. Haynes and Essie M. Haynes, petitioners, v.
United States of America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
United States Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit granted and
case transferred to the summary calendar.
No. 266. Home Utilities Company, Inc., a Body Corporate, peti-
tioner, v. Eastman Kodak Company, a Body Corporate. Petition for
writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the Fourth
Circuit granted and case transferred to the summary calendar.
No. 92. Rudolph Schware, petitioner, v. Board of Bar Examiners
of the State of New Mexico. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
Supreme Court of New Mexico granted and case assigned for argu-
ment immediately following No. 5.
No. 247. The British Transport Commission, petitioner, v. United
States of America, as Owner of the U. S. N. S. Haiti Victory, et al.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the Fourth Circuit granted limited to question 1 presented by the
petition for the writ which reads as follows:
"1. * * * The first question presented is whether other claimants
in the proceeding may implead the Commission, under the alleged
authority of Admiralty Rule 56, to respond to them in damages for
losses suffered by them in the collision."
No. 211. Textile Workers Union of America, petitioner, v. Lincoln
Mills of Alabama. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit granted. Mr. Justice Black
took no part in the consideration or decision of this application.

MONDAY, OCTOBER 8, 1956
12
No. 276. General Electric Company, petitioner, v. Local 205,
United Electrical, Radio and Machine Workers of America (U. E.).
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the First Circuit granted. Mr. Justice Black took no part in the
consideration or decision of this application.
No. 261. John T. Watkins, petitioner, v. United States of America.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the District of Columbia Circuit granted. Mr. Justice Burton
took no part in the consideration or decision of this application.
No. 262. Goodall-Sanford, Inc., petitioner, v. United Textile Work-
ers of America, A. F. L. Local 1802, et al. Petition for writ of
certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the First Circuit
granted limited to questions 1, 2, 3, 4, and 7 as set out in the petition
for writ of certiorari and to the question raised by the respondent,
namely, the appealability of an order granting specific performance
of an arbitration covenant. Mr. Justice Black took no part in the
consideration or decision of this application.
No. 22, Misc. Leona Peak, petitioner, v. United States of America.
Motion for leave to proceed in forma pauperis and petition for writ
of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the Sixth
Circuit granted. The case is transferred to the appellate docket and
placed on the summary calendar.
No. 55. Maria Luisa DeBurgh, Executrix of the Estate of Albert
R. DeBurgh, Deceased, petitioner, v. Kindel Furniture Company et
al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of
Appeals for the Sixth Circuit denied.
No. 67. The California Oregon Power Company, petitioner, v. The
Superior Court of the State of California, in and for the County of
Siskiyou, et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court
of California denied.
No. 73. Karl E. Morrison, petitioner, v. Commonwealth of Penn-
sylvania. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Superior Court of
Pennsylvania and the Supreme Court of Pennsylvania, Western Dis-
trict, denied.
No. 74. Karl E. Morrison, petitioner, v. Commonwealth of Penn-
sylvania. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Superior Court of
Pennsylvania and the Supreme Court of Pennsylvania, Western Dis-
trict, denied.
No. 80. The Mammoth Coal Company, petitioner, v. Commissioner
of Internal Revenue. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United
States Court of Appeals for the Third Circuit denied.

MONDAY, OCTOBER 8, 1956
13
No. 85. Gustav H. Bobertz, Jr., petitioner, v. General Motors Cor-
poration. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court
of Appeals for the Sixth Circuit denied.
No. 87. Matilda Hines, petitioner, v. Fred Jones Company, an
Oklahoma Corporation. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United
States Court of Appeals for the Tenth Circuit denied.
No. 90. R. I. McClanahan, petitioner, v. United States of America.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 91. News Printing Company, Inc., petitioner, v. National
Labor Relations Board. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United
States Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia Circuit denied.
No. 93. William M. Liddon and Maria Prothro Liddon, petitioners,
v. Commissioner of Internal Revenue. Petition for writ of certiorari
to the United States Court of Appeals for the Sixth Circuit denied.
No. 96. Dart Export Corporation et al., petitioners, v. The United
States. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of
Customs and Patent Appeals denied.
No. 98. Panhandle Eastern Pipe Line Company, petitioner, v. City
of Detroit, Michigan, and County of Wayne, Michigan; and
No. 113. Federal Power Commission, petitioner, v. City of Detroit,
Michigan, and County of Wayne, Michigan. Petitions for writs of
certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the District of
Columbia Circuit denied.
No. 100. Earl LeRoy Scott, Harry D. Crone, Executor Estate of
Esther Scott Crone, Deceased, petitioners, v. Herbert Wilson. Peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Ohio denied.
No. 102. Edward Novak, petitioner, v. Commonwealth of Penn-
sylvania. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of
Pennsylvania, Eastern District, denied.
No. 105. Earl LeRoy Scott, Harry D. Crone, Executor Estate of
Esther Scott Crone, Deceased, and Herbert Nushawg, petitioners, v.
Fayette County Agricultural Society. Petition for writ of certiorari
to the Supreme Court of Ohio denied. -
No. 106. United Association of Journeymen and Apprentices of
the Plumbing and Pipefitting Industry of the United States and
Canada, Local 420, AFL, et al., petitioners, v. Bennett F. Schauffler,
Regional Director of the Fourth Region of the National Labor Rela-
tions Board, etc. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States.
Court of Appeals for the Third Circuit denied.
No. 108. William J. Salter and Sky Ranches Society, a Colorado
Corporation, petitioners, v. The Board of County Commissioners of
400278-56-4

MONDAY, OCTOBER 8, 1956
14
the County of Jefferson, State of Colorado. Petition for writ of cer-
tiorari to the Supreme Court of Colorado denied.
No. 111. The Choctaw Nation, petitioner, v. The United States.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Claims
denied.
No. 112. Rose Rosenblum et al., as Trustees Under a Trust Inden-
ture Dated November 23, 1942, petitioners, v. Neisner Bros., Inc. Pe-
tition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for
the Seventh Circuit denied.
No. 116. Edwin H. Eggleton, Jr., petitioner, v. United States of
America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of
Appeals for the Sixth Circuit denied.
No. 117. Wallace H. Tomlinson, petitioner, v. Ford Motor Com-
pany. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of
Appeals for the Sixth Circuit denied.
No. 118. Hartford Accident and Indemnity Company, a Corpora-
tion, petitioner, v. Pacific Employers Insurance Company, a Corpora-
tion. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Ap-
peals for the Ninth Circuit denied.
No. 119. Helen G. Seitz and Arthur MacGregor Seitz, III, etc.,
et al., petitioners, v. John E. Toolan et al. Petition for writ of cer-
tiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the Third Circuit
denied.
No. 120. Dean Defort Liakas, petitioner, v. The State of Tennessee.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Tennessee,
Middle District, denied.
No. 121. Camp Wolters Enterprises, Inc., petitioner, v. Commis-
sioner of Internal Revenue. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
United States Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 123. Az Din, petitioner, v. United States of America. Peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the
Ninth Circuit denied.
No. 126. Waylyn Corporation, Garden Corporation, Piedmont
Corporation, et al., petitioners, v. United States of America. Petition
for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the
First Circuit denied.
No. 127. Bronislaw Koziol, petitioner, v. S/S "Fylgia", and Stock-
holms Rederi A. B. Svea of Stockholm, Sweden. Petition for writ of
certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit
denied.
No. 128. S. H. P. Vevelstad and Aurora Nickel Company, a Cor-
poration, petitioners, v. E. Miles Flynn. Petition for writ of certiorari
to the United States Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit denied.

MONDAY, OCTOBER 8, 1956
15
No. 129. State Farm Mutual Automobile Insurance Company, peti-
tioner, v. Omer M. Harris. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United
States Court of Appeals for the Sixth Circuit denied.
No. 130. Earle Robert Ball, the Heirs of John S. Becker, Deceased,
et al., petitioners, v. The United States. Petition for writ of certiorari
to the United States Court of Claims denied.
No. 134. W. H. B. Simpson et al., petitioners, v. Southwestern
Railroad Company and Central of Georgia Railway Company. Peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for
the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 135. S. C. Johnson & Son, Inc., petitioner, v. Gold Seal Com-
pany, Sinclair Weeks, Secretary of Commerce, et al. Petition for
writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the Dis-
trict of Columbia Circuit denied.
No. 136. Arthur Mungiole, petitioner, v. United States of America.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the Third Circuit denied.
No. 138. R. R. Carr et al., Citizens of the U. S. A. and Residents
of the State of Tennessee, petitioners, v. State of Tennessee. Petition
for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Tennessee denied.
No. 140. Evangelos Papanikolaou, petitioner, v. Atlantic Freight-
ers, Ltd., et al.; and
No. 141. W. Hale Thompson, Administrator of the Estate of Miguel
Caicedo, Deceased, petitioner, v. Cesar Endara, etc., et al. Petitions
for writs of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Appeals of Virginia
denied.
No. 143. Daniel M. Cory and Margot Cory, petitioners, v. Com-
missioner of Interior Revenue. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
United States Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit denied.
No. 144. John E. Tuck et al., petitioners, v. The City of El Paso,
Texas, et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Civil
Appeals of Texas, Eighth Supreme Judicial District, denied.
No. 145. The John Danz Charitable Trust, petitioner, v. Commis-
sioner of Internal Revenue. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
United States Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit denied.
No. 146. Mrs. Bethel Leslie et al., petitioners, v. Houston Natural
Gas Corporation. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme
Court of Texas denied.
No. 147. Ennis M. Nichols, Individually and on Behalf of Other
Stockholders of Long Island Lighting Company, etc., petitioners, v..
Harry A. Alker et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United
States Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit denied.

MONDAY, OCTOBER 8, 1956
16
No. 148. Evelyn Pratt Ellithorpe, petitioner, v. Katherine W.
Bradley et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Appellate Court
of the Supreme Court of Illinois, First District, denied.
No. 151. Maurice Braverman, petitioner, v. Bar Association of
Baltimore City. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of
Appeals of Maryland denied.
No. 152. District of Columbia, petitioner, v. Radio Corporation of
America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court
of Appeals for District of Columbia Circuit denied.
No. 154. Edward M. Keating and Mercantile National Bank of
Hammond, as Trustee, petitioners, v. The Buckeye Pipe Line Com-
any et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court
of Appeals for the Seventh Circuit denied.
No. 155. Jacob L. Kleinman, petitioner, v. Paul Kobler, Doing
Business as Kobler Shaving Co. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
United States Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit denied.
No. 156. Elsie W. Faroll, Executrix of the Estate of Barnett Faroll,
Deceased, petitioner, v. John T. Jarecki, Collector of Internal Rev-
enue. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of
Appeals for the Seventh Circuit denied.
No. 157. Mondakota Gas Company, a Corporation, et al., peti-
tioners, v. Federal Power Commission et al. Petition for writ of
certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the District of
Columbia Circuit denied.
No. 159. Eugene M. Murphey, Jr., et al., petitioners, v. M. T. Reed
et al., a Co-Partnership Doing Business as M. T. Reed Construction
Company. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court
of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 160. Home Gas Company and the Manufacturers Light and
Heat Company, petitioners, v. Federal Power Commission et al. Peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for
the District of Columbia Circuit denied.
No. 161. City of Fort Lauderdale, petitioner, v. D. D. Freeman, as
Trustee in Bankruptcy for Bahia Mar Corporation, etc. Petition for
writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the Fifth
Circuit denied.
No. 163. Samuel Eugene Crosby, Odie Jeap Holland and Guy Aus-
ton Smith, petitioners, v. United States of America. Petition for writ
of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the Fifth Cir-
cuit denied.
No. 164. Graham-Paige Motors Corporation, petitioner, v. Michael
Stella, etc. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court
of Appeals for the Second Circuit denied.

MONDAY, OCTOBER 8, 1956
17
No. 166. Gulf, Mobile and Ohio Railroad Company, petitioner, v.
People, ex rel. James T. Callahan, County Collector of Madison
County, Illinois. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court
of Illinois denied.
No. 167. Henry A. Masteller, James J. McGinnis, Albert J. Bader,
et al., petitioners, v. Walter M. Grafton. Petition for writ of cer-
tiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the Third Circuit
denied.
No. 168. Harvey N. Mighell, petitioner, v. United States of Amer-
ica. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of
Appeals for the Tenth Circuit denied.
No. 169. Terry I. Blue, petitioner, v. Douglas McKay, Secretary of
Interior. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court
of Appeals for the District of Columbia Circuit denied.
No. 171. Lester E. Woolsey, petitioner, v. United States of America.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the Second Circuit denied.
No. 172. Walter W. Johnson Company, petitioner, v. Reconstruc-
tion Finance Corporation. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
United States Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit denied.
No. 173. Gulf Refining Company, petitioner, v. Black Warrior
Towing Company. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 177. Harry I. Schwimmer, petitioner, v. United States of
America; and
No. 178. Harry I. Schwimmer, petitioner, v. United States of
America et al. Petition for writs of certiorari to the United States
Court of Appeals for the Eighth Circuit denied.
No. 179. The Kansas City Southern Railway Company, petitioner,
v. Carlton E. Justis. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United
States Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 180. Fred M. Ford, petitioner, v. United States of America.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 181. Robert P. Galloway, Jr., petitioner, v. United States of
America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court
of Appeals for the District of Columbia Circuit denied.
No. 182. Elgin, Joliet and Eastern Railway Company, petitioner,
v. Ruth Elaine Allendorf, as Special Administratrix of the Estate of
James Dale Allendorf, Deceased. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
Supreme Court of Illinois denied.
400278-56-5

MONDAY, OCTOBER 8, 1956
18
No. 185. Jules Crovetto and Claude Carbo, petitioner, v. State of
Louisiana. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of
Louisiana denied.
No. 189. A. M. MacNeil, petitioner, v. Benjamin Gargill, Trustee.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the First Circuit denied.
No. 191. Die and Toolmakers Lodge 113, International Association
of Machinists (A. F. L.-C. I. O.), petitioner, v. National Labor Rela-
tions Board. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court
of Appeals for the Seventh Circuit denied.
No. 192. Sylvester Winfield, petitioner, v. State of Texas. Petition
for writ of certiorari to the Court of Criminal Appeals of Texas
denied.
No. 193. Earl West et al., petitioners, v. United States of America.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the Ninth Circuit denied.
No. 196. Lena Vernaci, petitioner, v. State of Louisiana;
No. 197. George Habeney, petitioner, v. State of Louisiana; and
No. 198. Michael Callia and Harold F. Mills, petitioners, v. State
of Louisiana. Petitions for writs of certiorari to the Supreme Court
of Louisiana denied.
No. 200. A. L. Coupe Construction Co., Inc., A. L. Coupe and E. G.
Barker, petitioners, v. The United States. Petition for writ of certio-
rari to the United States Court of Claims denied.
No. 202. The Jockey Club, petitioner, v. The United States. Pe-
tition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Claims
denied.
No. 203. Guy R. Pezznola, petitioner, v. United States of America.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the First Circuit denied.
No. 206. John H. Leonard, petitioner, v. Stanley J. Bowers, Tax
Commissioner of Ohio. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme
Court of Ohio denied.
No. 207. David Charles Klein, Trustee in Bankruptcy of William
Friedman, etc., petitioner, v. Brandt & Brandt Printers, Inc. Peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for
the Second Circuit denied.
No. 209. Chicago Great Western Railway Company, a Corporation,
petitioner, v. Leon Scovel. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
United States Court of Appeals for the Eighth Circuit denied.
No. 210. George Dewey Stoneking, petitioner, v. United States of
America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court
of Appeals for the Eighth Circuit denied.

MONDAY, OCTOBER 8, 1956
19
No. 212. Kaufmann and Baer Company and Gimbel Brothers, Inc.,
petitioners, v. The United States. Petition for writ of certiorari to
the United States Court of Claims denied.
No. 213. Joseph Lawrence Marino, petitioner, v. United States of
America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court
of Appeals for the Second Circuit denied.
No. 217. Alejandro Carpentero, also known as Alejandro Llanos,
petitioner, v. William A. Hogan, Officer in Charge, Immigration and
Naturalization Service, Honolulu, Hawaii. Petition for writ of cer-
tiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit
denied.
No. 219. Kimble Glass Company, a Corporation, petitioner, v. Na-
tional Labor Relations Board. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
United States Court of Appeals for the Sixth Circuit denied.
No. 220. Michigan National Bank, a National Banking Associa-
tion, petitioner, v. Ray M. Gidney, Comptroller of the Currency.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the District of Columbia Circuit denied.
No. 221. Kansas City Life Insurance Company, petitioner, v.
Lillian Smith Moulden, formerly Lillian M. Smith. Petition for writ
of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the Tenth
Circuit denied.
No. 222. Fisher Studio, Inc.. et al., petitioners, v. Loew's Incorpo-
rated et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court
of Appeals for the Second Circuit denied.
No. 223. Pebble Springs Distilling Co., petitioner, v. Commissioner
of Internal Revenue. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United
States Court of Appeals for the Seventh Circuit denied.
No. 225. Commonwealth, ex rel. Henry Hernandez, also known as
Chico Hernandez, petitioner, v. Grant S. Price, Warden of the Alle-
gheny County Jail. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme
Court of Pennsylvania, Western District, denied.
No. 227. Great Northern Railway Company, a Corporation, peti-
tioner, v. Lumber and Sawmill Workers, Local Union No. 2409, etc.,
et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of
Appeals for the Ninth Circuit denied.
No. 228. Eliza Jane Doby and J. Lillian Doby, petitioners, v. R. L.
Brown, Jr., et al., Trustees, et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to
the United States Court of Appeals for the Fourth Circuit denied.
No. 230. Omaha Public Power District, a Public Corporation, etc.,
et al., petitioners, v. George W. O'Malley, Collector of Internal Rev-
enue for the United States Internal Revenue District of Nebraska.

MONDAY, OCTOBER 8, 1956
20
20
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the Eighth Circuit denied.
No. 232. Robert E. Funkhouser and Eleanor E. Funkhouser, peti-
tioners, v. Commissioner of Internal Revenue. Petition for writ of
certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the Fourth Cir-
cuit denied.
No. 234. Carlisle Cooper, petitioner, v. United States of America.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the Eighth Circuit denied.
No. 235. Sidney Blau and Sidney Fisher, petitioners, v. The People
of the State of California et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
District Court of Appeal of California, Second Appellate District,
denied.
No. 238. Department of Conservation and Development, Division
of Parks, Commonwealth of Virginia, et al., petitioners, v. Lavinia G.
Tate et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court
of Appeals for the Fourth Circuit denied.
No. 241. Elie J. Boudoin, petitioner, v. Lykes Bros. Steamship
Company, Inc. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 244. Jacob (Jay) Paley, Bank of America National Trust and
Savings Association, etc., Executor of the Estate of Lillian Paley,
petitioners, v. Commissioner of Internal Revenue. Petition for writ
of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the Ninth
Circuit denied.
No. 245. James Lowe, petitioner, v. United States of America. Pe-
tition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for
the Third Circuit denied.
No. 249. Arthur Goodman et al., petitioners, v. United States of
America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court
of Appeals for the Fourth Circuit denied.
No. 250. Goldstein Brothers, Inc., petitioner, v. Commissioner of
Internal Revenue. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Court of Appeals for the Seventh Circuit denied.
No. 251. The General Protective Committee for the Holders of
Option Warrants of the United Corporation et al., petitioners, v. The
United Corporation and the Securities and Exchange Commission.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the Third Circuit denied.
No. 252. Carpenters' Local Union No. 1028, United Brotherhood of
Carpenters and Joiners of America, AFL, petitioner, v. National La-
bor Relations Board. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United
States Court of Appeals for the Tenth Circuit denied.

MONDAY, OCTOBER 8, 1956
21
No. 253. Louis E. Wolcher, petitioner, v. United States of America.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the Ninth Circuit denied.
No. 254. Lykens Hosiery Mills, Inc., petitioner, v. Dwight S. Wil-
liams Co., Inc. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Court of Appeals for the Fourth Circuit denied.
No. 255. Theodore Bernstein, Stanley Hauser, Bertram Lessuck,
et al., petitioners, v. Lieutenant General Thomas W. Herren, Com-
manding General, First Army, Fort Jay, Governor's Island, New
York. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of
Appeals for the Second Circuit denied.
No. 258. American Well and Prospecting Company, petitioner, v.
Commissioner of Internal Revenue. Petition for writ of certiorari
to the United States Court of Appeals for the Third Circuit denied.
No. 259. Hiram Dwoskin, alias Hiram Dee, petitioner, v. State of
Nebraska. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of
Nebraska denied.
No. 264. W. Herbert Hoover, petitioner, v. United States of
America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court
of Appeals for the Third Circuit denied.
No. 270. Perry H. Gentzel and Foster Engineering Company, peti-
tioners, v. Manning, Maxwell and Moore, Inc. Petition for writ of
certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit
denied.
No. 271. Rutherford T. Carlisle, an Individual Trading as Carlisle
Drugs, petitioner, v. United States of America. Petition for writ of
certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit
denied.
No. 272. Jesse Johnson and Virginia D. Johnson, petitioners, v.
Commissioner of Internal Revenue. Petition for writ of certiorari to
the United States Court of Appeals for the Fourth Circuit denied.
No. 273. Chicago Great Western Railway Company, a Corpora-
tion, petitioner, v. Leonard L. Ramsey. Petition for writ of certiorari
to the Supreme Court of Minnesota denied.
No. 274. Joseph Chitto et al., Members, and as the Representatives
of, and on the Relation of the Choctaw Indians East of the Mississippi
River, petitioners, v. The United States et al. Petition for writ of
certiorari to the United States Court of Claims denied.
No. 277. District of Columbia, petitioner, v. Fenton M. Fadeley
et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of
Appeals for the District of Columbia Circuit denied.

MONDAY, OCTOBER 8, 1956
22
No. 278. Arthur C. Amos, petitioner, v. The Pullman Company.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the District of Columbia Circuit denied.
No. 282. Rosa Mayer, as Administratrix of Benjamin Mayer, pe-
titioner, v. Chase National Bank of the City of New York, as Trustee,
etc., et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court
of Appeals for the Second Circuit denied.
No. 283. Samuel Furman, petitioner, v. The United States. Peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Claims denied.
No. 286. Krebiozen Research Foundation et al., petitioners, v.
Beacon Press, Inc. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme
Judicial Court of Massachusetts denied.
No. 287. Erwin P. Werner, petitioner, v. United States of America.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the Ninth Circuit denied.
No. 288. Alf Miller, petitioner, v. United States of America. Pe-
tition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for
the Sixth Circuit denied.
No. 290. Gilbert Grable, Louise Grable, Trustees, et al., petitioners,
v. Floyd Burns and Laura B. Burns, et al. Petition for writ of
certiorari to the District Court of Appeals of California, Fourth
Appellate District, denied.
No. 291. W. A. Cannon, petitioner, v. North Carolina State High-
way and Public Works Commission. Petition for writ of certiorari
to the Supreme Court of North Carolina denied.
No. 293. Edward J. Fitzgerald, petitioner, v. United States of
America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court
of Appeals for the Second Circuit denied.
No. 296. Mearl C. Tillman and Emily P. Tillman, Husband and
Wife, petitioners, v. United States of America. Petition for writ
of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the Ninth
Circuit denied.
No. 297. Hyman-Michaels Co., a Corporation, petitioner, v. The
United States. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Court of Claims denied.
No. 298. Isbrandtsen Company, Inc., Michael Golodetz, Nathan
Golodetz, et al., petitioners, v. United States of America. Petition
for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the
Second Circuit denied.
No. 299. Jeanice Stratton, petitioner, v. United States of America.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the Fifth Circuit denied.

MONDAY, OCTOBER 8, 1956
23
No. 301. Ollie King et al., petitioners, v. Lon H. Cron et al. Peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the Court of Civil Appeals of Texas,
Fourth Supreme Judicial District, denied.
No. 309. 2600 State Drugs, Inc., a Corporation, Edward Kravetz,
Melburn Holtzman, petitioners, v. United States of America. Peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for
the Seventh Circuit denied.
No. 83. Central of Georgia Railway Company, petitioner, v. Odell
Jones et al.; and
No. 231. Odell Jones, Dock Rutledge and A. C. Cain, et al., peti-
tioners, v. Central of Georgia Railway Co. Petitions for writs of
certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the Fifth Cir-
cuit denied. Mr. Justice Black took no part in the consideration or
decision of these applications.
No. 142. James W. Owen, petitioner, v. United States of America.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the Seventh Circuit denied. Mr. Justice Black took no part in
the consideration or decision of this application.
No. 104. The United States of America and the Secretary of Com-
merce, etc., petitioners, v. California Eastern Line, Inc. Petition for
writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the Dis-
trict of Columbia Circuit denied. Mr. Justice Harlan took no part
in the consideration or decision of this application.
No. 194. The Montana Power Company, petitioner, v. United
States of America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United
States Court of Appeals for the Third Circuit denied. Mr. Justice
Harlan took no part in the consideration or decision of this
application.
No. 150. Colgate-Palmolive Company et al., petitioners, v. Carter
Products, Inc., et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United
States Court of Appeals for the Fourth Circuit denied. Mr. Justice
Douglas is of the opinion the petition should be granted.
No. 208. J. A. Herzog, petitioner, v. United States of America.
Petition for writ or certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the Ninth Circuit denied. Mr. Justice Douglas is of the opinion
the petition should be granted.
No. 174. Rupert H. Johnson, R. H. Johnson & Co., and R. H. John-
son & Co., Inc., petitioners, v. Securities and Exchange Commission.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the District of Columbia Circuit denied. Mr. Justice Black would
grant certiorari in this case to consider whether executive officers can
impose penalties of the nature here without denying the constitutional

MONDAY, OCTOBER 8, 1956
24
guaranties of "due process of law and trial by jury" upheld by this
Court in Lipke v. Lederer, 259 U. S. 557, 562.
No. 187. Arthur Kaplow as Executor of the Estate of Abraham
Rutkin, Deceased, etc., petitioner, v. Joseph Reinfeld, etc., et al., Doing
Business as Bronfman Interests and Browne-Vintners Co., Inc., et al.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the Second Circuit denied. Mr. Justice Reed took no part in the
consideration or decision of this application.
No. 195. Richard H. Clinton, petitioner, v. Harry W. Stewart,
Director of Employment, State of California. Motion to strike cer-
tain portions of the record, etc., denied. Petition for writ of certiorari
to the United States Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit denied.
No. 279. Southland Broadcasting Company, Lester Kamin, Billy
B. Goldberg, and Pat Coon, petitioners, v. Rex F. Todd. Petition for
writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the Fifth
Circuit denied without prejudice to petitioners' right to present their
defenses in the District Court. Mr. Justice Clark took no part in
the consideration or decision of this application.
No. 701, October Term, 1955. Curtis Reid, Superintendent of the
District of Columbia Jail, appellant, v. Clarice B. Covert; and
No. 713, October Term, 1955. Nina Kinsella, Warden of the Federal
Reformatory for Women, Alderson, West Virginia, petitioner, v.
Walter Krueger. The Solicitor General is requested to file a response
to the petition for rehearing in these cases within 15 days.
No. 92, October Term, 1955. Mabel Black and T. Y. Wulff, etc.,
et al., petitioners, v. Cutter Laboratories, a Corporation;
No. 320, October Term, 1955. George B. Parr, petitioner, v. United
States of America;
No. 373, October Term, 1955. Commissioner of Internal Revenue,
petitioner, v. Philip J. LoBue;
No. 451, October Term, 1955. Railway Employes' Department,
American Federation of Labor, International Association of Machin-
ists, et al., appellants, v. Robert L. Hanson et al.;
No. 489, October Term, 1955. Dan Durley, petitioner, v. Nathan
Mayo, Custodian, Florida State Prison;
No. 529, October Term, 1955. Marie DeSylva, petitioner, v. Marie
Ballentine, as Guardian of the Estate of Stephen William Ballentine;
No. 573, October Term, 1955. Chicago and North Western Railway
Company, petitioner, v. Department of Revenue of the State of Illi-
nois;
No. 643, October Term, 1955. Paul Deemer Johnston and John
Sokol, petitioners, v. United States of America;

MONDAY, OCTOBER 8, 1956
25
No. 704, October Term, 1955. United States of America, petitioner,
v. Dudley A. Patteson;
No. 722, October Term, 1955. Wesley Coffman, petitioner, v. The
State of Ohio;
No. 773, October Term, 1955. D. L. Jolly, Sr., petitioner, v. United
States of America;
No. 809, October Term, 1955. Walter J. Sawyer, petitioner, v. Max
A. Barczak, Sheriff, Milwaukee County, Wisconsin;
No. 820, October Term, 1955. Lillian V. Robinson, as Administra-
trix of the Goods, Chattels and Credits of Frank Wallis Robinson,
Deceased, petitioner, v. Northeastern Steamship Corporation;
No. 851, October Term, 1955. John W. Hadzima, petitioner, v.
United States of America;
No. 854, October Term, 1955. J. T. Lott, petitioner, v. United States
of America;
No. 860, October Term, 1955. In the Matter of Theodore W. Miller,
an Attorney, petitioner;
No. 901, October Term, 1955. Benjamin Scher, petitioner, v. Sin-
clair Weeks, Secretary of Commerce; and
No. 928, October Term, 1955. Dorsey K. Offutt, an Attorney, peti-
tioner, v. United States of America. Petitions for rehearing denied.
No. 386, October Term, 1955. International Molders & Foundry
Workers Union of North America, AFL, Local Union No. 294, peti-
tioner, v. Western Foundry Company. Motion for leave to file peti-
tion for rehearing denied.
No. 795, October Term, 1955. Roy Pursselley, petitioner, v. United
States of America. Motion for leave to file a typewritten petition
for rehearing granted. Petition for rehearing denied.
No. 929, October Term, 1955. Paul Ginsburg, petitioner, v. Loyal
H. Gregg, Guardian ad litem for Bonn Kraus Ginsburg, et al. Mo-
tion for leave to file appendix to petition granted. Motion of the re-
spondent, Loyal H. Gregg, Guardian ad litem, to strike petition for
rehearing denied. Petition for rehearing denied.
No. 207, Misc., October Term, 1955. Robert Arthur Chick, appel-
lant, v. State of Texas;
No. 549, Misc., October Term, 1955. Warner Williams, non compos
mentis, etc., petitioner, v. United States of America, Owner of the
Steamship "Nelson W. Aldrich", and Moore-McCormack Lines, its
agent;
No. 594, Misc., October Term, 1955. In the Matter of Charles H.
Flasphaler, petitioner;
No. 621, Misc., October Term, 1955. Anna Marie Holland, peti-
tioner, v. Capital Transit Company, a Corporation;

MONDAY, OCTOBER 8, 1956
26
No. 696, Misc., October Term, 1955. Raymond Carl Brown and
Leonard Frank Hogue, petitioners, v. United States of America;
No. 703, Misc., October Term, 1955. Olive McKinney, petitioner, v.
The People of the State of California;
No. 716, Misc., October Term, 1955. Lawrence Carroll, petitioner,
v. The People of the State of New York;
No. 726, Misc., October Term, 1955. William Bela Binder, peti-
tioner, v. United States of America;
No. 733, Misc., October Term, 1955. Lloyd H. Maupin, petitioner,
v. United States of America;
No. 773, Misc., October Term, 1955. Willie Lee Byrd, petitioner, v.
People of the State of Illinois;
No. 783, Misc., October Term, 1955. Leona Dinwiddie, and Anne
Elizabeth Roark, petitioners, v. R. J. Brown, Gordon T. West, et al.;
No. 787, Misc., October Term, 1955. Minor Sorber, petitioner, v.
Marvin Wiggins, Superintendent of Mississippi State Penitentiary
and E. W. Williams, Sheriff of Sunflower County, Miss. ; and
No. 791, Misc., October Term, 1955. Billy Joe Houston, petitioner,
v. The State of Texas. Petitions for rehearing denied.
No. 547, Misc., October Term, 1955. George N. Mas and Frank M.
Mas, petitioners, v. Owens-Illinois Glass Company; and
No. 564, Misc., October Term, 1955. Charles Woodrow Burns, peti-
tioner, v. United States of America. Motions for leave to file second
petitions for rehearing denied.
No. 745, Misc., October Term, 1955. Walter Morneau, petitioner, v.
United States Board of Parole; and
No. 755, Misc., October Term, 1955. Lloyd N. Hockaday, petitioner,
v. United States of America. Motions for leave to file petitions for
rehearing denied.
No. 2, Misc. John Fuhs, petitioner, v. Ross V. Randolph, Warden
of Illinois State Penitentiary, Menard Branch. Petition for writ of
certiorari to the Supreme Court of Illinois denied.
No. 7, Misc. Leslie Sheard, petitioner, v. State of Missouri. Peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Missouri denied.
No. 14, Misc. Eugene Marvin Davis, petitioner, v. Lawrence Del-
more, Jr., Superintendent of the Washington State Penitentiary at
Walla Walla, Washington. Petition for a writ of certiorari to the
Supreme Court of Washington denied.
No. 17, Misc. Aaron Dean Insco, petitioner, v. Elbert V. Nash,
Warden, Missouri State Penitentiary. Petition for writ of certiorari
to the Supreme Court of Missouri denied.

MONDAY, OCTOBER 8, 1956
27
No. 24, Misc. Phillip Thompson, petitioner, v. Marcell Graham,
Warden, Utah State Prison. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
Supreme Court of Utah denied.
No. 25, Misc. Robert White, Real Name Being Eugene Lucas, peti-
tioner, v. State of New York. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
Court of Appeals of New York denied.
No. 26, Misc. Carl L. Jackson, petitioner, v. The State of Texas.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Criminal Appeals of
Texas denied.
No. 27, Misc. Casper W. Gregory, III, petitioner, v. United States
of America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia Circuit denied.
No. 30, Misc. Viola Dyke, Individually and as Administratrix of
the Estate of Harold Dyke, petitioner, v. Willie Mae Keaton Dyke et
al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of
Appeals for the Sixth Circuit denied.
No. 31, Misc. Clarence Mahurin, petitioner, v. Judge Benson
Cahoon Tomlinson. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme
Court of Missouri denied.
No. 32, Misc. Artie B. Farmer, petitioner, v. Orel J. Skeen, Warden,
West Virginia State Penitentiary. Petition for writ of certiorari to
the Supreme Court of Appeals of West Virginia denied.
No. 33, Misc. Donald F. Boisvert, petitioner, v. Commonwealth of
Massachusetts. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Ju-
dicial Court of Massachusetts denied.
No. 34, Misc. James E. Marron, Jr., petitioner, v. Joseph E. Ragen,
Warden, Illinois State Penitentiary. Petition for writ of certiorari
to the United States Court of Appeals for the Seventh Circuit denied.
No. 39, Misc. Wilbert Benjamin Williams, petitioner, v. Elbert V.
Nash, Warden, Missouri State Penitentiary. Petition for writ of
certiorari to the Supreme Court of Missouri denied.
No. 40, Misc. James Pope Kryder, petitioner, v. State of Georgia.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Georgia
denied.
No. 41, Misc. State of Oregon, ex rel. Earl Sherwood, petitioner,
v. Clarence T. Gladden, Warden, Oregon State Penitentiary. Pe-
tition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Oregon denied.
No. 42, Misc. In re the Application of Earl Kauffman for a writ of
certiorari, petitioner. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supremė
Court of Wisconsin denied.

MONDAY, OCTOBER 8, 1956
28
No. 43, Misc. James A. Sprouse, Jr., petitioner, v. State of Missouri.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Missouri
denied.
No. 44, Misc. John Preece, petitioner, v. Ira M. Coiner, Acting
Warden, West Virginia State Penitentiary. Petition for writ of
certiorari to the Supreme Court of Appeals of West Virginia denied.
No. 47, Misc. Carl L. Jackson, petitioner, v. The State of Texas.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Criminal Appeals of
Texas denied.
No. 49, Misc. Simon H. Thompson, petitioner, v. United States of
America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court
of Appeals for the Sixth Circuit denied.
No. 50, Misc. Earl Stanley, petitioner, v. The State of Kansas et al.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Kansas
denied.
No. 51, Misc. Homer Jefferson French, petitioner, v. United States
of America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 52, Misc. Lester Ingram, petitioner, v. State of Michigan.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Michigan
denied.
No. 53, Misc. Julius Bernard Sherman, petitioner, v. Joseph E.
Ragen, Warden, Illinois State Penitentiary. Petition for writ of
certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the Seventh
Circuit denied.
No. 54, Misc. John S. Johnson, petitioner, v. People of the State
of Illinois, Joseph E. Ragen, Warden, Illinois State Penitentiary.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Illinois denied.
No. 55, Misc. Leonard Marion Bayless, petitioner, v. State of Mis-
souri et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of
Missouri denied.
No. 58, Misc. Dupree Poe, petitioner, v. Clarence T. Gladden,
Warden, Oregon State Penitentiary. Petition for writ of certiorari
to the Supreme Court of Oregon denied.
No. 59, Misc. Commonwealth of Pennsylvania ex rel. Raymond
Dugan, petitioner, v. Charles G. Day, Warden, Eastern State Peniten-
tiary, Graterford, Pennsylvania. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
Supreme Court of Pennsylvania, Western District, denied.
No. 62, Misc. In re the Application of Francis Kaquatosh, peti-
tioner. Petition for a writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of
Wisconsin denied.

MONDAY, OCTOBER 8, 1956
29
No. 63, Misc. Chester Davis, petitioner, v. Marcell Graham, Warden,
Utah State Prison. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme
Court of Utah denied.
No. 64, Misc. Thomas McCarthy, petitioner, v. People of the State
of Michigan. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of
Michigan denied.
No. 67, Misc. Oscar L. Strickland, petitioner, v. W. Horace Wil-
liams Company, Inc. and Employers' Liability Assurance Corpo-
ration, Ltd. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court
of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 68, Misc. Kenneth R. Chapin, petitioner, v. Commonwealth of
Massachusetts. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Judicial
Court of Commonwealth of Massachusetts denied.
No. 70, Misc. Charles Ellis Jackson, petitioner, v. Cline Chambers
Coal Company et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of
Appeals of Kentucky denied.
No. 72, Misc. Robert J. Murphy, petitioner, v. People of the State
of New York. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Appellate Division
of the Supreme Court of New York, Second Judicial Department and
County Court of Kings County of New York denied.
No. 73, Misc. George C. Strong, petitioner, v. William J. Blake and
Neil J. Cronin. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Court of Appeals for the First Circuit denied.
No. 74, Misc. Arthur Ray Clark, petitioner, v. O. B. Ellis, General
Manager, Texas Prison System and the State of Texas. Petition for
writ of certiorari to the Court of Criminal Appeals of Texas denied.
No. 75, Misc. Horace Jones, petitioner, v. The People of the State
cf New York. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Appellate Di-
vision of the Supreme Court of New York, Second Judicial Depart-
ment, denied.
No. 76, Misc. Frank Egan, petitioner, v. Harley O. Teets, Warden,
San Quentin, California. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Su-
preme Court of California denied.
No. 77, Misc. Russell Eisele, petitioner, v. Elbert V. Nash, Warden,
Missouri State Penitentiary. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
Supreme Court of Missouri denied.
No. 78, Misc. Theophilius Lanzetta, petitioner, v. People of the
State of Michigan. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme
Court of Michigan denied.
No. 79, Misc. Thurman Slaughter, petitioner, v. The State of Illi-
nois. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Illinois
denied.

MONDAY, OCTOBER 8, 1956
30
No. 82, Misc. John P. Medley, petitioner, v. Warden, Maryland
House of Correction and State of Maryland. Petition for writ of cer-
tiorari to the Court of Appeals of Maryland denied.
No. 83, Misc. Lou Henry Brimage, petitioner, v. Joseph E. Ragen,
Warden. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Illi-
nois denied.
No. 84, Misc. United States of America, ex rel. Anthony Baerchus,
petitioner, v. David N. Myers, Warden, State Penitentiary, Grater-
ford, Pa. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of
Appeals for the Third Circuit denied.
No. 89, Misc. George Richardson, petitioner, v. Ross V. Randolph,
Warden. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of St.
Clair County, Illinois, denied.
No. 90, Misc. Nelson Rhyce, petitioner, v. George A. Cummings,
Warden, Connecticut State Prison. Petition for writ of certiorari
to the United States Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit denied.
No. 95, Misc. Charles McDonald, petitioner, v. The People of the
State of Michigan. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme
Court of Michigan and Newaygo County Circuit Court, Michigan,
denied.
No. 96, Misc. J. D. Hanson, petitioner, v. Joseph E. Ragen, Warden.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Macon County Circuit Court,
Decatur, Illinois, denied.
No. 97, Misc. Leonard Lionel Bingham, petitioner, v. State of
Texas. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Criminal
Appeals of Texas denied.
No. 98, Misc. Bluford E. McDonald, informed against as Thomas
David Mayfield, Jr., petitioner, v. Merle E. Schneckloth, Superin-
tendent of the Washington State Penitentiary. Petition for writ of
certiorari to the Supreme Court of Washington denied.
No. 99, Misc. Francisco Cepero, petitioner, v. Pan American Air-
ways, Inc. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court
of Appeals for the Second Circuit denied.
No. 100, Misc. Artell Junior Farley, petitioner, v. The State of
Washington. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court
of Washington denied.
No. 104, Misc. Fred T. Stockwell, petitioner, v. People of the State
of Michigan. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of
Michigan denied.
No. 107, Misc. Henry Krammer, petitioner, v. The United States.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Claims
denied.

MONDAY, OCTOBER 8, 1956
31
No. 109, Misc. Nicholas Manfredi, petitioner, v. People of the State
New York. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals
of New York denied.
No. 110, Misc. William Stone, petitioner, v.
Warden of Green Haven Prison, Stormville, N. Y.
Edward M. Fay,
Petition for writ
of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the Second
Circuit denied.
No. 111, Misc. Demetrius Watkins, petitioner, v. People of the
State of Illinois. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court
of Illinois denied.
No. 113, Misc. Everett Rheim, petitioner, v. The People of the State
of New York. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals
of New York denied.
No. 114, Misc. Max Stapleton, petitioner, v. Harley O. Teets,
Warden, et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court
of California denied.
No. 115, Misc. Eljoe Maddox, petitioner, v. People of the State of
California. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of
California denied.
No. 116, Misc. William Floyd Dunne, petitioner, v. Merle E.
Schneckloth, Superintendent of the Washington State Peniteniary.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Washington
denied.
No. 122, Misc. Fred T. Richards, petitioner, v. People of the State
of Illinois. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of
Illinois denied.
No. 126, Misc. I. H. Spears, petitioner, v. Shell Oil Company and
Humble Oil Refining Company. Petition for writ of certiorari to
the United States Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit denied.
No. 127, Misc. Richard W. Brahm, petitioner, v. John H. Burnes
et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Errors
of Connecticut denied.
No. 128, Misc. J. B. Hicks, petitioner, v. H. Russell Holland et al.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the Sixth Circuit denied.
No. 129, Misc. Mrs. Charlotte L. Worley, Admx., et al., petitioners,
v. Wm. Hoyt Elliott, Ross V. Dunn, Trustee, et al. Petition for writ
of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the Sixth Cir-
cuit denied.
No. 130, Misc. James Everett, petitioner, v. Merle E. Schneckloth,
Superintendent, Washington State Penitentiary. Petition for writ of
certiorari to the Supreme Court of Washington denied.

MONDAY, OCTOBER 8, 1956
32
No. 133, Misc. Gordon Sayre Little, petitioner, v. The State of
Utah. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Utah
denied.
No. 135, Misc. Oran Johnson, petitioner, v. Nathan Mayo, Prison
Custodian. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of
Florida denied.
No. 136, Misc. Joseph Washington and James Bush, petitioners, v.
State of Louisiana. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme
Court of Louisiana denied.
No. 139, Misc. Edward James Kenney, Jr., petitioner, v. Joseph E.
Killian. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of
Appeals for the Sixth Circuit denied.
No. 140, Misc. Edward James Kenney, Jr., petitioner, v. Malcolm
K. Hatfield et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Court of Appeals for the Sixth Circuit denied.
No. 141, Misc. Edwin A. Forrest, petitioner, v. State of Maryland.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals of Maryland
denied.
No. 143, Misc. George Sneed, petitioner, v. State of Indiana. Peti-
tition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Indiana denied.
No. 144, Misc. Nicholas Tiscio, petitioner, v. Frank Martin,
Warden, et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court
of Pennsylvania, Eastern District, denied.
No. 149, Misc. Herbert Downie, petitioner, v. J. Vernal Jackson,
Warden. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Appellate Division of
the Supreme Court of New York, Third Judicial Department, denied.
No. 151, Misc. William C. Niemoth, petitioner, v. Joseph E. Ragen,
Warden. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Criminal Court of Cook
County, Illinois, denied.
No. 152, Misc. Richard Henry Mills, petitioner, v. Irvin Levine.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the District of Columbia Circuit denied.
No. 155, Misc. Edmond C. Fletcher, petitioner, v. Bolitha J. Laws.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the District of Columbia Circuit denied.
No. 159, Misc. Stanley Radowitz, petitioner, v. State of New Jersey
et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of New
Jersey denied.
No. 160, Misc. Robert G. Schuman, petitioner, v. People of the
State of California et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Su-
preme Court of California denied.

MONDAY, OCTOBER 8, 1956
33
No. 165, Misc. Joseph Moyle, petitioner, v. Harley O. Teets,
Warden, California State Prison, San Quentin, California. Petition
for writ of certiorari to the District Court of Appeal of California,
First Appellate District, Division One, denied.
No. 168, Misc. Joseph H. Guerin, petitioner, v. State of Florida.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Florida
denied.
No. 169, Misc. John Holland, petitioner, v. People of the State of
Illinois. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of
Illinois denied.
No. 170, Misc. Lloyd Brannon and Ralph Heard, petitioners, v.
Joseph E. Ragen, Warden, Illinois State Penitentiary. Petition for
writ of certiorari to the Criminal Court of Cook County, Illinois,
denied.
No. 171, Misc. Willie Hullom, petitioner, v. The People of the State
of Michigan. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court
of Michigan denied.
No. 175, Misc. Floyd William Mullen, petitioner, v. Merle E.
Schneckloth, Superintendent of the Washington State Penitentiary.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Washington
denied.
No. 176, Misc. S. Leon Levy, petitioner, v. W. Ney Evans and John
R. Franklin. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia Circuit denied.
No. 177, Misc. Charles Larsen, petitioner, v. Robert A. Heinze,
Warden, California State Prison, Folsom, California. Petition for
writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of California denied.
No. 179, Misc. Albert Baumgart, petitioner, v. State of New York.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the Second Circuit denied.
No. 180, Misc. Frank Piscitello, petitioner, v. United States of
America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court
of Appeals for the Second Circuit denied.
No. 16, Misc. John Amos Jones, petitioner, v. Joseph A. Scanlon,
Clerk of Quarter Sessions, Philadelphia, Pennsylvania. Petition for
writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Pennsylvania, Eastern
District, denied. Motion for leave to file petition for writ of man-
damus denied.
No. 28, Misc. J. Norman Stone, petitioner, v. The Honorable United
States Court of Appeals for the Tenth Circuit. Petition for writ
of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the Tenth
Circuit denied;

MONDAY, OCTOBER 8, 1956
34
No. 37, Misc. J. Norman Stone, petitioner, v. The Honorable United
States Court of Appeals for the Seventh Circuit. Petition for writ of
certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the Seventh Cir-
cuit denied; and
No. 38, Misc. J. Norman Stone, petitioner, v. The Honorable Wy-
oming Supreme Court. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme
Court of Wyoming denied. Motions for leave to file petitions for writs
of mandamus denied.
No. 131, Misc. Charles Edwin Krupowicz, petitioner, v. The State
of New York. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit denied. Motion for leave to
file petition for writ of mandamus denied.
No. 19, Misc. John D. Green, a/k/a Jack D. Green, petitioner, v.
Harley O. Teets, Warden, California State Prison at San Quentin,
California. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of
California denied. The Chief Justice took no part in the consideration
or decision of this application.
No. 147, Misc. Charles W. Smotherman, petitioner, v. The People
of the State of Michigan. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Su-
preme Court of Michigan denied. Motion for leave to file petition for
writ of habeas corpus denied.
No. 35, Misc. Bernard M. Shotkin, petitioner, v. City of Miami
Beach, Florida. Petition for an appeal denied.
No. 46, Misc. Leroy Spriggs, petitioner, v. United States of
America;
No. 56, Misc. In the Matter of Preston Lavern Howard, petitioner;
No. 66, Misc. Ruth Farnum, petitioner, v. Dr. John F. McNeill,
Superintendent, Matteawan State Hospital, Beacon, New York;
No. 88, Misc. Robert E. Greene, petitioner, v. David M. Heritage,
Warden, U. S. Penitentiary, McNeil Island;
No. 106, Misc. Donald Anderson Wesselman, petitioner, v. State of
Wisconsin;
No. 137, Misc. Ex parte Robert E. Lipscomb, petitioner;
No. 138, Misc. Philip Scasserra, petitioner, v. Angelo C. Cavell,
Warden, Western State Penitentiary, Pittsburgh, Pa.;
No. 142, Misc. Mike Riola, petitioner, v. State of New Jersey et al.;
No. 156, Misc. William B. Donnell, petitioner, v. Joseph D. Bibb,
Director, Joe Sapp, Parole Agent, Department of Public Safety, et al.;
No. 166, Misc. Filadelfio Jose Alcorta Lopez, petitioner, v. United
States of America;

MONDAY, OCTOBER 8, 1956
35
No. 178, Misc. Walter J. Blackburn, petitioner, v. Donald Clemmer;
No. 181, Misc. Philip Scasserra, petitioner, v. Court of Quarter
Sessions of Allegheny County, Pennsylvania; and
No. 187, Misc. Philip Scasserra, petitioner, v. Court of Common
Pleas of Allegheny County, Pennsylvania. Motions for leave to file
petitions for writs of habeas corpus denied.
No. 118, Misc. Wilbur Donald Chapman, petitioner, v. United
☐ States of America; and
No. 132, Misc. In the Matter of Harvey Nelson, petitioner. Appli-
cations denied.
No. 3, Misc. Andrew Reeves, Jr., petitioner, v. Joseph E. Ragen,
Warden, Illinois State Penitentiary, Joliet, Ill.;
No. 71, Misc. Alonzo Smith, petitioner, v. Joseph E. Ragen,
Warden;
No. 121, Misc. Francis Haines, petitioner, v. Joseph E. Ragen,
Warden;
No. 163, Misc. Philip Scasserra, petitioner, v. Quarter Sessions
Court of Butler County, Pennsylvania;
No. 164, Misc. Philip Scasserra, petitioner, v. Angelo C. Cavell,
Warden, Western State Penitentiary, etc., et al.;
No. 182, Misc. Philip Scasserra, petitioner, v. Court of Quarter
Sessions of Allegheny County, Pennsylvania; and
No. 183, Misc. Philip Scasserra, petitioner, v. Court of Common
Pleas of Allegheny County, Pennsylvania. Motions for leave to file
petitions for writs of certiorari denied.
No. 57, Misc. Robert E. Lang, petitioner, v. Honorable Sherrill
Halbert, Judge of the United States District Court for the Northern
District of California, Northern Division;
No. 103, Misc. Willard Glenn Dobbs, petitioner, v. Honorable Paul
E. Krause, Judge of the Recorder's Court, Detroit, Michigan, et al.;
No. 120, Misc. In the Matter of Edmond C. Fletcher, petitioner;
No. 124, Misc. In the Matter of Frank A. Wallace, petitioner; and
No. 146, Misc. Mitchell Edward Janowicz, petitioner, v. Hon.
Raymond W. Fox, Judge of the Circuit Court for the County of
Berrien. Motions for leave to file petitions for writs of mandamus
denied.
No. 36, Misc. Fred T. Richards, petitioner, v. Honorable Casimir
V. Cwikzinski, Judge of the Municipal Court, Cook County, Illinois.

MONDAY, OCTOBER 8, 1956
36
Motion for leave to file petition for writ of mandamus denied without
prejudice to proceeding in an appropriate state court.
No. 1. William Thompson, petitioner, v. Coastal Oil Company.
Reargued by Mr. Silas Blake Axtell for the petitioner and by Mr.
Michael E. Hanrahan for the respondent.
No. 4. National Labor Relations Board, petitioner, v. Lion Oil Com-
pany and Monsanto Chemical Co. Argued by Mr. Theophil C.
Kammholz for the petitioner and by Mr. Jeff Davis for the respond-
ents.
No. 6. Oleta O'Connor Yates, Henry Steinberg, Loretta Starvus
Stack, et al., petitioners, v. United States of America;
No. 7. William Schneiderman, petitioner, v. United States of Amer-
ica; and
No. 8. Al Richmond and Philip Marshall Connelly, petitioners, v.
United States of America. Argument commenced by Mr. Ben Mar-
golis for the petitioners in No. 6, continued by Mr. Robert W. Kenny
for the petitioner in No. 7, continued by Mr. Augustin Donovan for
the petitioners in No. 8, and continued by Mr. Philip R. Monahan for
the respondent.
Adjourned until tomorrow at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Tuesday, October 9, will be as follows: 6 (7 and 8),
15, and 20.
Х

TUESDAY, OCTOBER 9, 1956
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
37
Present: Mr. Chief Justice Warren, Mr. Justice Black, Mr. Justice
Reed, Mr. Justice Frankfurter, Mr. Justice Douglas, Mr. Justice
Burton, Mr. Justice Clark, Mr. Justice Minton, and Mr. Justice
Harlan.
Hal Gerber, of Memphis, Tenn., on motion of Mr. Thurman W.
Arnold; John T. Pigott, Jr., of Los Angeles, Calif., on motion of Mr.
Frederick Oliver Graves; Ben W. Boutell, of Detroit, Mich., on motion
of Mr. Earl R. Stanley; Herman Grayson, of Miami Beach, Fla., and
David von G. Albrecht, of New York, N. Y., on motion of Mr. Philip
Redmond Monahan; David Klickstein, of Bath, Maine, on motion of
Mr. Henry F. Butler; Wiley A. Branton, of Pine Bluff, Ark., on
motion of Mr. Leo Branton, Jr.; Bynum E. Hinton, Jr., of Wash-
ington, D. C., on motion of Mr. Alexander M. Heron; William R.
Hulbert, of Boston, Mass., on motion of Mr. Hector M. Holmes; Glenn
McLaughlin Pfau, of Los Angeles, Calif., on motion of Mr. Robert
Lee McCarty; Arthur M. Nemser, of Miami Beach, Fla., on motion
of Mr. Samuel Z. Goldman: Spencer Cleveland Cross, of Ocoee, Fla.,
on motion of Mr. Harold D. Beaton; Howard C. Meadors, of Palatine,
Ill., on motion of Mr. Walter J. Rockler; Roy E. Chapman, of San
Bernardino, Calif., and Robert Jefferson Simpson, of San Bernardino,
Calif., on motion of Mr. Eugene F. Mullin, Jr.; and Vincent L.
McKusick, of Portland, Maine, on motion of Mr. Fred C. Scribner,
Jr., were admitted to practice.
No. 6. Oleta O'Connor Yates, Henry Steinberg, Loretta Starvus
Stack, et al., petitioners, v. United States of America;
No. 7. William Schneiderman, petitioner, v. United States of
America; and
No. 8. Al Richmond and Philip Marshall Connelly, petitioners, v.
United States of America. Argument continued by Mr. Philip R.
Monahan for the respondent, continued by Mr. Ben Margolis for the
petitioners in No. 6, and concluded by Mr. Augustin Donovan for the
petitioners in No. 8. Stipulation to come in No. 8.
No. 15. Oleta O'Connor Yates, petitioner, v. United States of Amer-
ica. Argument commenced by Mr. Leo A. Branton, Jr., for the peti-
tioner, and continued by Mr. Kevin T. Maroney for the respondent.
Adjourned until tomorrow at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Wednesday, October 10, will be as follows: Nos. 15,
20, 29, and 32.
400278-56-6

WEDNESDAY, OCTOBER 10, 1956
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
38
Present: Mr. Chief Justice Warren, Mr. Justice Black, Mr. Justice
Reed, Mr. Justice Frankfurter. Mr. Justice Douglas, Mr. Justice Bur-
ton, Mr. Justice Clark, Mr. Justice Minton, and Mr. Justice Harlan.
Morton H. Silver, of Miami, Fla., and Edward W. Cooey, Jr., of
Marietta, Ga., on motion of Mr. Solicitor General James Lee Rankin;
David Bruce Hayter, of Fairfax, Va., on motion of Mr. John H. Rust;
Tennes Inge Erstad, of New York, N. Y., on motion of Mr. Carl T.
Mack; Robert William Shaughnessy, of Coral Gables, Fla., on mo-
tion of Mr. John J. O'Keefe; Joseph Schimmel, of Silver Spring, Md.,
on motion of Mr. Pazquale J. Federico; James W. Innes, of New
York, N. Y., on motion of Mr. William Robert Burt: William Matthew
Campbell, Jr., of New Orleans, La., on motion of Mr. Albert Byrne
Litschgi; Charles E. Cooper, of San Francisco, Calif., and Harvey
H. Bechtel, of Oakland, Calif., on motion of Mr. Isaac Nathan Groner;
and Stephen Grubb, of St. Louis, Mo., on motion of Mr. Herbert W.
Gediman, were admitted to practice.
No. 15. Oleta O'Connor Yates, petitioner, v. United States of Amer-
ica. Argument continued by Mr. Kevin T. Maroney for the respond-
ent and concluded by Mr. Leo A. Branton, Jr., for the petitioner.
Memorandum for the respondent to come.
No. 20. Stephen Mesarosh, also known as Steve Nelson, et al., peti-
tioners, v. United States of America. Argued by Mr. Solicitor Gen-
eral Rankin in support of the motion to remand and by Mr. Frank
J. Donner in opposition thereto. Per Curiam: The motion of the
Government to remand the case to the District Court is denied.
The judgment is vacated and the case is remanded to the District
Court with instructions to grant the defendants a new trial.
Mr. Justice Frankfurter, Mr. Justice Burton, and Mr. Justice
Harlan dissent believing the Government's motion to remand should
be granted, and reserve the right to file an opinion.
No. 29. Junius Irving Scales, petitioner, v. United States of Amer-
ica. Argument commenced by Mr. Telford Taylor for the petitioner
and continued by Mr. Solicitor General Rankin for the respondent.
400278-56— 7

WEDNESDAY, OCTOBER 10, 1956
Adjourned until tomorrow at 12 o'clock.
39
The day call for Thursday, October 11, will be as follows: Nos. 29,
32, 12, and 18.

THURSDAY, OCTOBER 11, 1956
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
40
Present: Mr. Chief Justice Warren, Mr. Justice Black, Mr. Justice
Reed. Mr. Justice Frankfurter, Mr. Justice Douglas, Mr. Justice
Burton, Mr. Justice Clark, Mr. Justice Minton, and Mr. Justice
Harlan.
Carrington Williams, of Alexandria, Va., on motion of Mr. Solici-
tor General James Lee Rankin; Francis J. Coyle, of Moline, Ill., on
motion of Mr. Elmore Whitehurst; Abraham Glickman, of New York,
N. Y., on motion of Mr. Melville Ehrlich; Richard Fielding Stone, of
Lynchburg, Va., on motion of Mr. John A. Selby; David Applestein,
of Washington, D. C., on motion of Mr. Benjamin B. Brown; Nor-
man C. Paulson, of Washington, D. C., on motion of Mr. Leslie Bur-
gess Downing; Philip C. Scott, of New York, N. Y., and Leonard
Joseph, of New York, N. Y., on motion of Mr. Charles A. Horsky; and
Robert Thomas Amis, of New Orleans, La., on motion of Mr. William
S. Tyson, were admitted to practice.
No. 29. Junius Irving Scales, petitioner, v. United States of Amer-
ica. Argument continued by Mr. Solicitor General Rankin for the
respondent and concluded by Mr. Telford Taylor for the petitioner.
No. 32. Claude Mack Lightfoot, petitioner, v. United States of
America. Argued by Mr. John J. Abt for the petitioner and by Mr.
Solicitor General Rankin for the respondent.
No. 12. United States of America, appellant, v. Interstate Com-
merce Commission and United States of America et al. Argued by
Mr. Ralph S. Spritzer for the appellant, by Mr. Robert W. Ginnane
for the appellee, Interstate Commerce Commission, and by Mr. Wind-
sor F. Cousins for the railroad appellees.
Adjourned until Monday, October 15, next, at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Monday, October 15, will be as follows: Nos. 18,
19, 17, 13, and 16.
☑
400278-56- -8

MONDAY, OCTOBER 15, 1956
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
41
Present: Mr. Chief Justice Warren, Mr. Justice Black, Mr. Justice
Reed, Mr. Justice Frankfurter, Mr. Justice Douglas, Mr. Justice Bur-
ton, Mr. Justice Clark, Mr. Justice Minton, and Mr. Justice Harlan.
Emil Rissman, of Chicago, Ill., Loretta J. Tata, of Detroit, Mich.,
George W. Ganim, of Bridgeport, Conn., Irwin Lee Perkal, of Bever-
ly Hills, Calif., Leon G. Lants, of Kansas City, Mo., Doris Hope
Spangenburg, of Clarks Summit, Pa., and William Franklin Howland,
Jr., of Roanoke, Va., on motion of Mr. Solicitor General James Lee
Rankin; William B. Acton, of San Francisco, Calif., on motion of Mr.
Warren Olney III; W. Kirk DeSelm, of Cambridge, Ohio, and
Charles L. Moore, of Cambridge, Ohio, on motion of Mr. John E.
Henderson; Philip E. Pofcher, of Boston, Mass, on motion of Mr.
John C. Marchant; Alvin L. Berman, of Silver Spring, Md., on motion
of PGad Bryan Morehouse; Hardwick Stuart, of Cleveland, Tenn., on
motion of Mr. William W. Koontz; Charles Averette Carson III, of
Phoenix, Ariz., on motion of Mr. Edward M. Reidy; William E.
Lovell, of Irvington, N. J., on motion of Mr. William E. Foley; John
F. McClure II, of Chicago, Ill., on motion of Mr. Jack I. Levy;
Charles Gordon Beach, of Leroy, Ohio, on motion of Mr. James A.
Bistline; Allen Dale Eby, of Princeton, Ind., on motion of Mr. Har-
lan L. Kays, Jr.; Ernest J. Zwerner, of Terre Haute, Ind., on motion
of Mr. Adolph H. Zwerner; John David Holschuh, of Columbus, Ohio,
on motion of Mr. Joseph B. Friedman; Donald L. Stumpf, of New
York, N. Y., on motion of Mr. Francis Dennis Flannagan; Howard C.
Heller, of New York, N. Y., on motion of Mr. Daniel H. Greenberg;
Marilyn Wohl Levy, of New York, N. Y., on motion of Mr. Herbert
Monte Levy; R. Pruden Herndon, of Atlanta, Ga., on motion of Mr.
Thurman L. Dodson; Maceo H. Turner, of Atlantic City, N. J., on mo-
tion of Mr. Benjamin Simon; Walter H. Beckham, Jr., of Miami, Fla.,
George D. Webster, of Washington, D. C., and Carleton Allen Hark-
1 rader, of McLean, Va., on motion of Mr. Frederick Stewart Gilbert,
Jr.; Burton J. Wheelon, of Seattle, Wash., on motion of Mr. Cyril D.
Hill; Karl Riemer, of Washington, D. C., on motion of Mr. Lawrence
S. Lesser; William Howard Watts, of Saukville, Wis., on motion of
Mr. Alfred K. Cherry; Virgil S. Gore, Jr., of Norfolk, Va., on motion
of Mr. Richard A. Hollander; Sheldon Stanley Cohen, of Washington,
D. C., and Julius M. Greisman, of New York, N. Y., on motion of Mr.
Louis Eisenstein; George Sam Caporal, of Oklahoma City, Okla., on
400278-56- -9

MONDAY, OCTOBER 15, 1956
42
motion of Miss Vivien Irene McConnell; William David Dexter, of
Mason, Mich., on motion of Mr. Frederick Oliver Graves; Alben Ed-
ward Carpens, of Dallas, Tex., on motion of Mr. Homer R. Miller;
and Patrick James Kirby, of Los Angeles, on motion of Mr. Neil Tol-
man, were admitted to practice.
The Chief Justice announced the following order of the Court:
No. 1. William Thompson, petitioner, v. Coastal Oil Company. On
writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the Third
Circuit. Per Curiam: The judgment of the United States Court of
Appeals for the Third Circuit is reversed and the judgment of the
United States District Court for the District of New Jersey is rein-
stated. Mr. Justice Harlan concurs in the result, but would have
preferred to remand the case to the Court of Appeals for determina-
tion as to whether the District Court properly found the vessel unsea-
worthy. Mr. Justice Reed, Mr. Justice Frankfurther, Mr. Justice
Burton, and Mr. Justice Minton dissent.
The Chief Justice said:
"The other orders of the Court appear upon the list certified by the
Chief Justice and filed with the Clerk and will not be announced
orally."
No. 285. J. H. Baumann and Marguerite Marie Jacobson, appel-
lants, v. Robert V. Smrha, as Chief Engineer of the Division of
Water Resources of the Kansas State Board of Agriculture et al.
Appeal from the United States District Court for the District of
Kansas. Per Curiam: The motion to affirm is granted and the judg-
ment is affirmed. Mr. Justice Reed and Mr. Justice Douglas would
note probable jurisdiction.
No. 311. AAA Dental Laboratories, Inc., etc., et al., appellants,
v. The People of the State of Illinois, ex rel. Chicago Dental Society,
etc., et al. Appeal from the Supreme Court of Illinois. Per Curiam:
The motion to dismiss is granted and the appeal is dismissed for want
of a substantial federal question.
No. 35. National Labor Relations Board, petitioner, v. Textile
Workers Union of America, CIO, and its Agents Earl McGrew, et al.
The order entered April 2, 1956, granting petition for writ of cer-
tiorari is vacated and the petition for writ of certiorari to the United
States Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia Circuit is denied.
No. 265. United States of America, appellant, v. American Freight-
ways Company, a Partnership Composed of Allan J. Resler and Nor-
man Forman. Appeal from the United States District Court for the

MONDAY, OCTOBER 15, 1956
43
Southern District of New York. In this case probable jurisdiction
is noted and the case is transferred to the summary calendar.
No. 84. Central of Georgia Railway Company, petitioner, v.
Brotherhood of Railroad Trainmen, Local Lodge No. 721, et al. Peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for
the Fifth Circuit granted and case transferred to the summary
calendar.
No. 313. Brotherhood of Railroad Trainmen, etc., et al., peti-
tioners, v. Chicago River and Indiana Railroad Company et al. Peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for
the Seventh Circuit granted and case transferred to the summary
calendar and assigned for argument immediately following No. 84.
No. 131. Howard Lawn, petitioner, v. United States of America.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the Second Circuit granted and case transferred to summary
calendar.
No. 133. William Giglio and Frank Livorsi, petitioners, v. United
States of America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United
States Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit granted and case
transferred to the summary calendar, and the case is assigned for
argument immediately following No. 131.
No. 149. Ralph D. Swanson et al., petitioners, v. Glenn W. Traer
et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of
Appeals for the Seventh Circuit granted. Oral argument will be
limited to 45 minutes a side.
No. 316. Charles B. Smith, as Special Administrator of the Estate
of Edward S. Birn, Deceased, petitioner, v. Milton Sperling et al.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the Ninth Circuit granted. No. 316 is assigned for argument
immediately following No. 149. Oral argument will be limited to
45 minutes a side.
No. 183. Henry W. Grunewald, petitioner, v. United States of
America;
No. 184. Max Halperin, petitioner, v. United States of America;
and
No. 186. Daniel A. Bolich, petitioner, v. United States of America.
The petitions for writs of certiorari to the United States Court of
Appeals for the Second Circuit are granted limiting the questions to
those enumerated below:
(a) No. 183:
"1. Whether a conviction of a conspiracy to procure from the
Fraud Bureau of the Internal Revenue Department a decision not to

MONDAY, OCTOBER 15, 1956
44
prosecute a tax fraud, where the object of the conspiracy had been
accomplished by January, 1949, and prosecution was barred under
the statute of limitations by January, 1952, may be sustained, on the
theory that the conspiracy must have included a continuing agree-
ment to conceal—the indictment having been found October 25, 1954,
and the proof being that one or more of the conspirators in March,
1952, attempted to cover their tracks from investigators.
"2. Whether independent acts of alleged conspirators, after the
accomplishment of the object of the conspiracy and done without the
knowledge or the participation of the petitioner Grunewald, may
suffice to support a charge against him that the original conspiracy
included a continuing purpose to conceal so that the conspiracy
might be deemed to extend down to the last act of concealment.
"3. Whether an alleged continuing conspiracy to conceal could be
found as to the petitioner Grunewald, when he was concerned only
with the original object of the conspiracy and was acquitted by the
Trial Court on three counts of attempting to influence witnesses,
which the Court charged the jury could be acts of continuing con-
cealment.
"4. Whether a purpose to continue to conceal the accomplishment
of the primary conspiracy may be inferred from the fact that the
conspirators would be presumed to know that their activities would
always be open to investigation—whether a subordinate conspiracy to
conceal may be implied from the original crime.
"5. Whether the Trial Court committed error in permitting the
jury to find a continuing conspiracy to conceal from the fact that,
more than three years after the object of the conspiracy had been ac-
complished, the petitioner Grunewald, when his secretary was sub-
poenaed before a grand jury, told her she need not answer various
questions and could say she forgot.
"6. Whether the Trial Court committed error in permitting the de-
fendant Halperin, the only witness for the defense, to be cross-ex-
amined, for the purpose of impeaching his credibility, on the fact that
he had been, prior to the trial, subpoenaed before a grand jury and
had there claimed his constitutional privilege against self-incrimina-
tion on a long line of questions. The constitutional privilege thus in-
fringed is that part of the Fifth Amendment which reads "* * * nor
shall be compelled in any criminal case to be a witness against him-
self * * * *?” ”
No. 184:
"
"1. When a defendant testifies in his own defense at his trial, and his
answers to questions show that, although averring his innocence, he
was justified in invoking the Fifth Amendment with regard to like

MONDAY, OCTOBER 15, 1956
45
questions before a Grand Jury—as in this case all agree-is not that
defendant denied due process when the Government on cross-examina-
tion brings out before the trial jury, the fact that he refused to an-
swer the questions before the Grand Jury, upon such constitutional
grounds?
"2. When a defendant has been subpoenaed to testify before a Grand
Jury in an investigation, of which he is a primary target, has claimed
his Constitutional privilege, advised the Grand Jury that he was doing
so as an innocent man ensnared in suspicious circumstances and be-
cause he could not cross-examine or be represented by counsel, may the
trial court charge the jury that they, may consider his refusal to testify
before the Grand Jury on the score of his credibility, although his
trial testimony was entirely consistent with his position before the
Grand Jury?
"3. Under the circumstances surrounding a defendant's appearance
before a Grand Jury as set forth in the last preceding paragraph, does
not the Court's instruction as aforesaid illegally impeach and impede
the defendant's statutory right to be a witness on his own behalf?
"4. Does the rationale of Raffel v. United States, 271 U. S. 244, ap-
ply to prior invocation of the Fifth Amendment before a Grand Jury
as distinguished from such action at a prior trial?
"5. Does not the doctrine and rationale of Slochower v. Board of
Higher Education, decided by this Court April 9, 1956, compel the con-
clusion that a defendant under the circumstances aforesaid, is denied
due process of law when he is examined by the Government and com-
pelled to admit that he refused to answer questions before the Grand
Jury, and the Trial Court advises the jury they may consider that
refusal on the subject of his credibility?
"6. Is not a defendant, particularly one who asserted that he was
invoking the Fifth Amendment as an innocent man being plotted
against and beset by suspicious circumstances entitled to have the
jury charged, 'An innocent man may honestly claim his answers may
tend to incriminate him'?
"8. Does not the opinion of the Court of Appeals that the statute
of limitations against conspiracy was not tolled, in that certain overt
acts of concealment when committed were chargeable to the original
conspiracy disregard and deny effect to this Court's views on proof
of subsidiary concealment conspiracies, as set forth in Krulewitch
v. United States, 336 U. S. 440, and Lutwak v. United States, 344 U. S.
604?
"9. Does not the conclusion of the Court of Appeals herein that a
single conspiracy rather than a multiplicity of conspiracies are dis-
closed by the record, run counter to this Court's decision in Kotteakos
v. United States, 328 U. S. 750?”

MONDAY, OCTOBER 15, 1956
46
No. 186:
"1. Whether the three year Statute of Limitations, applicable to the
charge of conspiracy, barred conviction of the petitioner Bolich inas-
much as the objective of the alleged conspiracy had been achieved by
January, 1949-more than five years before the date of the indictment
which was filed on October 25, 1954.
"2. Whether multiple conspiracies were established by the evidence,
rather than a single general conspiracy, to the substantial prejudice of
the rights of the petitioner Bolich.
"6. Whether the trial Court committed prejudicial error in per-
mitting the government to elicit from the defendant Halperin upon
his cross-examination that he had invoked the Fifth Amendment at
a Grand Jury hearing and the trial Court charged the jury that they
might consider Halperin's claim of constitutional privilege as ad-
versely affecting his credibility."
A total of two hours will be allowed for argument on these questions.
(b) No. 184:
"7. Does it constitute due process to subpoena a person to testify
before a Grand Jury in an investigation of which he is a primary tar-
get, and thereby permit an examination before trial of a de facto
defendant?
"11. Does a lawyer who advises a witness to plead the Fifth Amend-
ment where the witness is justified in doing so become guilty of cor-
ruptly endeavoring to influence the witness merely because the inter-
position of the Constitutional privilege might also serve to protect
the person giving the advice?"
A total of one hour will be allowed for argument on these questions.
No. 304. United States of America, petitioner, v. Victor Calamaro.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the Third Circuit granted and case transferred to the summary
calendar.
No. 237. Albert H. Smith, petitioner, v. United States of America;
and
No. 246. John B. Monroe, George C. Prather, Roger W. Simkins,
et al., petitioners, v. United States of America. Petitions for writs
of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the District
of Columbia Circuit denied.
No. 242. James F. Sexton, petitioner, v. Eleanore M. Barry et al.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Untied States Court of Appeals
for the Sixth Circuit denied.

MONDAY, OCTOBER 15, 1956
47
No. 248. Woodrow W. Hood, Peggy Ann Hood, Lever Ray, et al.,
petitioners, v. Board of Trustees of Sumter County School District
No. 2, Sumter County, South Carolina, et al. Petition for writ of
certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the Fourth Cir-
cuit denied.
No. 256. The Henry Hanger and Display Fixture Corporation of
America, et al., petitioners, v. Sel-O-Rak Corporation. Petition for
writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the Fifth
Circuit denied.
No. 263. Susie V. Watwood, petitioner, v. The District of Columbia.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the District of Columbia Circuit denied.
No. 267. United Electrical, Radio, and Machine Workers of
America, et al., petitioners, v. General Electric Company. Petition
for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the
District of Columbia Circuit denied.
No. 268. Pacific Far East Lines, Inc., a Corporation, petitioner, v.
John Williams. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit denied.
No. 275. Vanity Fair Mills, Inc., petitioner, v. The T. Eaton Co.,
Limited. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court
of Appeals for the Second Circuit denied.
No. 281. Robert M. Newell, petitioner, v. Gertrude B. Newell et al.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Idaho denied.
No. 284. Louis R. Markun and Maple Road Village, Inc., peti-
tioners, v. Joseph J. Duling and Charles C. Scott, Executors of the
Last Will and Testament of Jack Marks, Deceased; and
No. 336. Joseph J. Duling and Charles C. Scott, Executors of the
Last Will and Testament of Jack Marks, Deceased, petitioners, v.
Louis R. Markun and Maple Road Village, Inc. Petitions for writs
of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the Seventh
Circuit denied.
No. 303. Sheldon M. Grengs, petitioner, v. Twentieth Century Fox
Film Corporation et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United
States Court of Appeals for the Seventh Circuit denied.
No. 308. Leo Walton, petitioner, v. Arabian American Oil Com-
pany. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of
Appeals for the Second Circuit denied.
No. 312. E. J. Murray, petitioner, v. Commissioner of Internal
Revenue. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court
of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit denied.
No. 314. John W. Preston, Oliver O. Clark, and David D. Sallee,
petitioners, v. United States of America and Lee Arenas. Petition

MONDAY, OCTOBER 15, 1956
48
for writ of certionari to the United States Court of Appeals for the
Ninth Circuit denied.
No. 315. Lillian June Thomas, petitioner, v. Williard B. Thomas.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Kansas City Court of Appeals,
State of Missouri, denied.
No. 322. George E. Shibley, petitioner, v. United States of America.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the Ninth Circuit denied.
No. 233. United Electrical, Radio, and Machine Workers of
America (UE), et al., petitioners, v. Goodman Manufacturing Com-
pany and National Labor Relations Board. Motion to use the certified
record in case No. 775, October Term, 1955, as a part of the record in
this case granted. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Court of Appeals for the Seventh Circuit denied.
No. 243. George E. Shibley, petitioner, v. United States of America.
The motion for leave to file brief of William B. Enright, et al., as
amici curiae, is denied. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United
States Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circiut denied.
ORDER
The Court will take a recess from Monday, October 22 until Mon-
day, November 5, next.
No. 18. The United States, petitioner, v. The Western Pacific Rail-
road Company et al. Argued by Mr. Morton Hollander for the peti-
tioner and by Mr. Frederick Bernays Wiener for the respondents.
No. 19. United States of America, petitioner, v. The Chesapeake
& Ohio Railway Company. Argued by Mr. Morton Hollander for
the petitioner and by Mr. Meade T. Spicer for the respondent.
No. 17. The United States, petitioner, v. Alfred C. Bergh et al.
Argued by Mr. Alan S. Rosenthal for the petitioner and by Mr. Her-
bert S. Thatcher for the respondents.
No. 13. Lee Walker, appellant, v. City of Hutchinson, Reno County,
Kansas, a Municipal Corporation, et al. Argument commenced by
Mr. Herbert Monte Levy for the appellant.
Adjourned until tomorrow at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Tuesday, October 16, will be as follows: Nos. 13,
16, 24, and 25.
Х

TUESDAY, OCTOBER 16, 1956
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
49
Present: Mr. Chief Justice Warren, Mr. Justice Black, Mr. Justice
Reed, Mr. Justice Frankfurter, Mr. Justice Douglas, Mr. Justice Bur-
ton, Mr. Justice Clark, Mr. Justice Harlan, and Mr. Justice Brennan.
The Chief Justice said:
"With the concurrence of all my colleagues, I announce with regret
the retirement from this Court of Mr. Justice Minton. He has been
more than our associate. He has been our companion. We are recon-
ciled to his departure only because it is in the interests of his health.
We all wish for him in his retirement a restoration of his vigor and
the satisfaction to which his distinguished services to his country so
justly entitle him. Our appreciation of his services and our personal
regard for him are more adequately expressed in a letter to him which,
together with his warm reply, will be spread upon the Minutes of the
Court.
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES,
CHAMBERS OF THE CHIEF JUSTICE,
Washington 25, D. C., October 15, 1956.
DEAR JUSTICE MINTON: As the day of your retirement from service
on the Supreme Court arrives, the realization of our loss bears down
upon us. If considerations other than your health had prompted
your decision, we would have joined in urging you to remain with us
in active service. We appreciate, however, the sacrifice that your
adherence to duty has already occasioned you. Both our admiration
for you and our concern for your well-being have increased as you
have so faithfully carried on your duties without the loss of a single
day in recent years, either from the Bench or the Conference.
You have earned retirement-a long and satisfying one. Your
distinguished services to your country as an Infantry Captain over-
seas in World War I, as a Senator from your native State of Indiana,
as an Assistant to the President of the United States, as a member for
eight years of the Court of Appeals for the Seventh Circuit, and for
the past seven years as a Justice of the Supreme Court justly entitle
you to the opportunity which retirement will afford you to recover
your health.
400278-56--10

TUESDAY, OCTOBER 16, 1956
50
We shall miss both your wise counsel and our constant companion-
ship with you. While you no longer will be with us daily, you will
continue to be one of us.
Sincerely,
Honorable SHERMAN MINTON,
EARL WARREN.
HUGO L. BLACK.
STANLEY F. REED.
FELIX FRANKFURTER.
WILLIAM O. Douglas.
HAROLD H. BURTON.
TOM C. CLARK.
JOHN M. HARLAN.
Associate Justice of the Supreme Court,
Washington, D. C.
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES,
CHAMBERS OF JUSTICE SHERMAN MINTON,
Washington 13, D. C., October 15, 1956.
MY DEAR CHIEF JUSTICE AND COLLEAGUES: I am deeply grateful
to all of you for the considerate and more than generous comments
contained in your letter concerning my retirement.
My stay here has been a happy and rewarding one, sweetened always
by the many acts of kindness and friendship you have shown me. It
is with much regret that I take my leave of the Court and you, but
it is comforting to know that I am still accepted as one of you.
I shall often think of you as I watch from afar. My fondest recol-
lections will be of the Court and each of you with whom I have served.
Faithfully yours,
SHERMAN MINTON.
The CHIEF JUSTICE AND ASSOCIATE JUSTICES OF THE SUPREME COURT
OF THE UNITED STATES.
The Chief Justice said:
"We also welcome his successor. The President has appointed the
Honorable William Joseph Brennan, Jr., an Associate Justice of the
Supreme Court of New Jersey, to succeed Mr. Justice Minton. Justice
Brennan has taken the Constitutional Oath administered by the Chief
Justice. He is now present in Court. The Clerk will read his com-
mission. He will then take the Judicial Oath, to be administered by
the Clerk, after which the Marshal will escort him to his seat on the
Bench."

TUESDAY, OCTOBER 16, 1956
The Clerk then read the commission as follows:
"DWIGHT D. EISENHOWER
"PRESIDENT OF THE UNITED STATES OF AMERICA
"To All Who Shall See These Presents, Greeting:
་ ་
51
"Know Ye; That reposing special trust and confidence in the Wis-
dom, Uprightness and Learning of William Joseph Brennan, Jr., of
New Jersey I do appoint him Associate Justice of the Supreme Court
of the United States and do authorize and empower him to execute
and fulfil the duties of that Office according to the Constitution er 1
Laws of the said United States, and to Have and to Hold the said
Office, with all the powers, privileges and emoluments to the same of
right appertaining, unto Him, the said William Joseph Brennan, Jr.,
until the end of the next session of the Senate of the United States and
no longer; subject to the provisions of Law.
"In testimony whereof, I have caused these Letters to be made patent
and the seal of the Department of Justice to be hereunto affixed.
"Done at the City of Washington this fifteenth day of October, in
the year of our Lord one thousand nine hundred and fifty-six and of
the Independence of the United States of America the one hundred
and eighty-first.
[SEAL]
"By the President:
"HERBERT BROWnell, Jr.,
"Attorney General."
"DWIGHT D. EISENHOWER.
The oath of office was then administered by the Clerk, and Mr. Jus-
tice Brennan was escorted by the Marshal to his seat on the bench.
The oaths taken by Mr. Justice Brennan are in the following words,
viz:
"I, William Joseph Brennan, Jr., do solemnly swear that I will sup-
port and defend the Constitution of the United States against all
enemies, foreign and domestic; that I will bear true faith and alle-
giance to the same; that I take this obligation freely, without any
mental reservation or purpose of evasion; and that I will well and
faithfully discharge the duties of the office on which I am about to
enter.
"So help me God.
"WILLIAM JOSEPH BRENNAN, Jr.
"Subscribed and sworn to before me this sixteenth day of October
A. D. 1956.
"EARL WARREN,
"Chief Justice."

TUESDAY, OCTOBER 16, 1956
52
"I, William Joseph Brennan, Jr., do solemnly swear that I will
administer justice without respect to persons, and do equal right to
the poor and to the rich, and that I will faithfully and impartially
discharge and perform all the duties incumbent on me as Associate
Justice of the Supreme Court of the United States according to the
best of my abilities and understanding, agreeably to the Constitution
and laws of the United States.
"So help me God.
"WILLIAM JOSEPH BRENNAN, Jr.
"Subscribed and sworn to before me this sixteenth day of October
A. D. 1956.
"JOHN T. FEY,
"Clerk of the Supreme Court of the United States."
Sigmund Joseph Liberman, of Tampa, Fla., on motion of Mr. T.
Ellis Allison; Vincent John Romeo, of Elkhart, Ind., on motion of Mr.
Edward Douglas Downing; Jay Nicholas Long, of New York, N. Y.,
John P. Rowan, of New York, N. Y., and George G. Platow, of New
York, N. Y., on motion of Mr. Edward L. P. O'Connor; Charles H.
LeClaire, of Traverse City, Mich., on motion of Mr. Charles A. Webb;
William J. Merrill, of Houston, Tex., on motion of Mr. Bernard A.
Foster, Jr.; Harold Paul Winans, of New York, N. Y., on motion of
Mr. Scott G. Rigby; James Vaughan Whitley, of Duncan, Okla., on
motion of Mr. Stewart French; Herman C. Nagel, of Chicago, Ill., on
motion of Mr. Louis A. Gravelle; Walter D. Hansen, of Washington,
D. C., on motion of Mr. Hardy K. Maclay; Richard E. Williams, of
Des Moines, Iowa, on motion of Mr. Oscar Leak Tyree; Boris S. Ber-
kovitch, of New York, N. Y., on motion of Mr. Samuel Anatole
Lourie; Bernhard Weinstein, of New York, N. Y., on motion of Mr.
Daniel H. Greenberg; George C. Axtell, Jr., of Baden, Pa., on motion
of Mr. David Hume; and Vernon Mercer Culpepper, of Geneva, Fla.,
on motion of Mr. Richard Frederick Seibert, were admitted to practice.
ORDER
IT IS ORDERED that the following allotment be made of the Chief
Justice and Associate Justices of this Court among the circuits, pur-
suant to Title 28, United States Code, Section 42, and that such allot-
ment be entered of record, viz:
For the District of Columbia Circuit, Earl Warren, Chief Justice.
For the First Circuit, Felix Frankfurter, Associate Justice.
For the Second Circuit, John M. Harlan, Associate Justice.

TUESDAY, OCTOBER 16, 1956
53
For the Third Circuit, William J. Brennan, Jr., Associate Justice.
For the Fourth Circuit, Earl Warren, Chief Justice.
For the Fifth Circuit, Hugo L. Black, Associate Justice.
For the Sixth Circuit, Stanley Reed, Associate Justice.
For the Seventh Circuit, Harold H. Burton, Associate Justice.
For the Eighth Circuit, Tom C. Clark, Associate Justice.
For the Ninth Circuit, William O. Douglas, Associate Justice.
For the Tenth Circuit, Tom C. Clark, Associate Justice.
No. 13. Lee Walker, appellant, v. City of Hutchison, Reno County,
Kansas, a Municipal Corporation, et al. Argument continued by Mr.
Fred C. Littooy for the appellees and concluded by Mr. Herbert Monte
Levy for the appellant.
No. 16. Alfred E. Butler, appellant, v. State of Michigan. Argued
by Mr. Manuel Lee Robbins for the appellant and by Mr. Edmund E.
Shepherd for the appellee.
No. 24. Herbert Brownell, Jr., Attorney General of the United
States, as Successor to the Alien Property Custodian, petitioner, v.
The Chase National Bank of the City of New York, as Trustee Under
Indenture, etc., et al. Argument commenced by Mr. George B. Searls
for the petitioner, continued by Mr. Thomas A. Ryan for respondent
Trustee, and continued by Mr. Samuel Anatole Lourie for infant-
respondents, Hans Dietrich Schaefer, et al.
Adjourned until tomorrow at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Wednesday, October 17, will be as follows: Nos.
24, 25, 23, and 27.

WEDNESDAY, OCTOBER 17, 1956
54
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: Mr. Chief Justice Warren, Mr. Justice Black, Mr. Justice
Reed, Mr. Justice Frankfurter, Mr. Justice Douglas, Mr. Justice
Burton, Mr. Justice Clark, Mr. Justice Harlan, and Mr. Justice
Brennan.
C. Clinton Clad, of Los Angeles, Calif., on motion of Mr. Victor R.
Hansen; Samuel Roth, of New York, N. Y., on motion of Mr. Isidore
H. Wachtel; John Joseph Quan, of Chicago, Ill., on motion of Mr.
Philip Elman; Bruce Holmes Losche, of Hackensack, N. J., W. Adri-
ance Kipp, Jr., of Rutherford, N. J., Oliver T. Somerville, of Ruther-
ford, N. J., Robert B. Hermes, of Rutherford, N. J., and Theodore W.
Trautwein, of Hackensack, N. J., on motion of Mr. George F. Losche;
Samuel Micon, of Beverly Hills, Calif., on motion of Mr. David W.
Richmond; William Q. Keenan, of New Haven, Conn., on motion of
Mr. Robert T. Murphy; Merrell E. Clark, Jr., of New York, N. Y.,
on motion of Mr. Samuel H. Horne; Arthur Lowell Nelson, of Mill-
town, Wis., on motion of Mr. George L. DeMott; Russell T. Tritico,
of Lake Charles, La., on motion of Mr. Gillis W. Long; and Fenton
Lee Martin, of Baltimore, Md., on motion of Mr. John Charles Reid,
were admitted to practice.
No. 24. Herbert Brownell, Jr., Attorney General of the United
States, as Successor to the Alien Property Custodian, petitioner, v. The
Chase National Bank of the City of New York, as Trustee Under
Indentures, etc., et al. Argument continued by Mr. Arthur J. O'Leary
for infant-respondents, Schwarzburger et al. and concluded by Mr.
George B. Searls for the petitioner.
No. 25. Max Putnam and Elizabeth Putnam, petitioners, v. Com-
missioner of Internal Revenue. Argued by Mr. Richard E. Williams
for the petitioners and by Mr. Philip Elman for the respondent.
No. 23. Clinton E. Jencks, petitioner, v. United States of America.
Argued by Mr. John T. McTernan for the petitioner and by Mr. John
V. Lindsay for the respondent. Memoranda for both parties to come
in two or three days.
400278-56-11

WEDNESDAY, OCTOBER 17, 1956
55
No. 27. Honorable Walter J. La Buy, petitioner, v. Howes Leather
Company, Inc., and Montgomery Ward & Co., Inc. Argument com-
menced by Mr. James A. Sprowl for the petitioner.
Adjourned until tomorrow at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Thursday, October 18, will be as follows: Nos. 27,
33, and 21 (and 22).
Х

THURSDAY, OCTOBER 18, 1956
56
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: Mr. Chief Justice Warren, Mr. Justice Black, Mr. Justice
Reed, Mr. Justice Frankfurter, Mr. Justice Douglas, Mr. Justice
Burton, Mr. Justice Clark, Mr. Justice Harlan, and Mr. Justice
Brennan.
Charles J. Jung, of San Francisco, Calif., and Clyde P. West, of
Memphis, Tenn., on motion of Mr. Lambert O'Donnell; Granville
Mason Alley, Jr., of Tampa, Fla., on motion of Mr. Paul McLane
Conway; Edgar Wolfe Holtz, of Cincinnati, Ohio, and John H. Rut-
ledge, of Cincinnati, Ohio, on motion of Mr. Warren E. Baker; Layton
F. MacNichol, of Washington, D. C., on motion of Mr. Stuart H.
Robeson; Steven E. Keane, of Milwaukee, Wis., on motion of Mr.
Paul Sprague Davis; Vernon X. Miller, of Washington, D. C., on
motion of Mr. Philip R. Collins; and William G. Konold, of Wash-
ington, D. C., on motion of Mr. Martin T. Fisher, were admitted to
practice.
No. 27. Honorable Walter J. La Buy, petitioner, v. Howes Leather
Company, Inc., and Montgomery Ward & Co., Inc. Argument con-
tinued by Mr. James A. Sprowl for the petitioner, continued by Mr.
Jack I. Levy for the respondents, and concluded by Mr. James A.
Sprowl for the petitioner.
No. 33. Orlando Delli Paoli, petitioner, v. United States of
America. Argued by Mr. Daniel H. Greenberg for the petitioner
and by Mr. J. F. Bishop for the respondent.
No. 21. Bank of America National Trust and Savings Association,
petitioner, v. Gilbert S. Parnell; and
No. 22. Bank of America National Trust and Savings Association,
petitioner, v. First National Bank in Indiana. Argued by Mr. Erwin
N. Griswold for the petitioner in both cases, by Mr. Edward Dum-
bauld for the respondent in No. 21, and by Mr. Harvey A. Miller, Jr.,
for the respondent in No. 22.
Adjourned until Monday, October 22, next, at 12 o'clock.
Х
400278-56-12

MONDAY, OCTOBER 22, 1956
57
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: Mr. Chief Justice Warren, Mr. Justice Black, Mr. Justice
Reed, Mr. Justice Frankfurter, Mr. Justice Douglas, Mr. Justice
Burton, Mr. Justice Clark, Mr. Justice Harlan, and Mr. Justice
Brennan.
Raymond L. Acosta, of Teaneck, N. J., John Howard MacMillan,
of Bethesda, Md., Leonard B. Sand, of New York, N. Y., Edward L.
Campbell, Jr., of Kansas City, Mo., George H. Menzel, of Silver
Spring, Md., Theodore N. Goble, Jr., of Butler, N. J., James Taylor
Duke, of Somerset, Ky., and Daniel J. Kiernan, of Brooklyn, N. Y.,
on motion of Mr. Solicitor General James Lee Rankin; Simon S.
Porter, of Skokie, Ill., on motion of Mr. Elmore Whitehurst; George
North Craig, of Brazil, Indiana, on motion of Mr. Francis James
O'Hara, Jr.; Joseph P. Devine, of Philadelphia, Pa., on motion of
Mr. James P. McGranery; Joseph J. Maraziti, of Boonton, N. J., on
motion of Mr. Culver Bryant Chamberlain; John Garrett Krieger, of
Salamanca, N. Y., on motion of Mr. Albert M. Kuhfeld; Robert F.
Louys, of Miami, Fla., on motion of Mr. Oliver Gasch; Edmund
Myles Sweeney, of Newton Center, Mass., Hubert G. Miller, of Sara-
nac Lake, N. Y., Thomas L. Hederson, of Chelsea, Mass., Arthur D.
Porcella, of Harrod, Ohio, Arthur A. Lundin, of Spokane, Wash.,
R. Kenneth Manning, Jr., of Hingham, Mass., Wilbur D. Vincent, of
Boise, Idaho, Robert T. Van Uden, of Boise, Idaho, Frederick James
Orth, of Seattle, Wash., Nathan Wasserheit, of New York, N. Y.,
Claude V. Kister, of Buffalo, N. Y., Joseph Keith Young, of Austin,
Tex., Ward R. Whipple, of Rochester, N. Y., Richard S. Johnson, of
Salt Lake City, Utah, Michael F. Peters, of Detroit, Mich., Lyle R.
Griffis, of Anadarko, Okla., Truman Q. McNulty, of Milwaukee, Wis.,
Fred L. Schwartz, of Denver, Colo., Ralph A. Cole, of Denver, Colo.,
Robert B. Eberle, Jr., of Pittsburgh, Pa., Rodney J. Thompson, of
Winchester, Ky., Charles M. Pace, of Spartanburg, S. C., Robert H.
Lorion, of Livonia, Mich., Walter J. Guth, Jr., of Detroit, Mich.,
James A. Devlin, of New York, N. Y., Charles S. Bernstein, of
Charleston, S. C., William Innes Bouton, of Greenville, S. C., Louis
C. Harris, of Chattanooga, Tenn., William Walter Hentz, Jr., of
Oklahoma City, Okla., Daniel P. King, of Cleveland, Ohio, Harold
M. Williams, of Los Angeles, Calif., Thomas B. Sawyer, of San Pedro,
Calif., James A. Alexander, Jr., of Jackson, Miss., St. Julien P. Rose-
mond, of Miami, Fla., Victor Allen Speert, of San Antonio, Tex.,
Wayne Andrew Melton, of Dallas, Tex., Howard Montgomery McBee,
400278-56- —13

MONDAY, OCTOBER 22, 1956
58
of Frederick, Okla., Oswald Beverly McEwan, of Orlando, Fla., Jesse
F. Warren, Jr., of Tallahassee, Fla., John A. De Jong, of Grand
Rapids, Mich., James W. Crutcher, of Nashville, Tenn., William Col-
bert Hawkins, of Sylvania, Ga., Charles M. Drummond, Jr., of Spar-
tanburg, S. C., James W. Mitchell, of Knoxville, Tenn., Abraham
David Millner, of New York, N. Y., George M. Eichler, of South Bend,
Ind., Abraham R. Richstein, of New York, N. Y., William M. Burton,
Jr., of Miami, Fla., Emanuel Levenson, of Miami, Fla., and David
Reed Baum, of Delphi, Ind., on motion of Mr. George E. Mickel;
James Francis Niehoff, of Baldwin, N. Y., Lawrence Newell Marcus,
of Brooklyn, N. Y., and Donald Lowell Jacoby, of Brooklyn, N. Y., on
motion of Mr. Cyril Francis Brickfield; Margery Chittenden Leonard,
of Boston, Mass., on motion of Mrs. Ida Simrall Als; Alice Moore, of
Glendale, Calif., on motion of Mrs. Maurine Howard Abernathy;
Joseph Novik, of Cincinnati, Ohio, Robert R. Fricke, of Cincinnati,
Ohio, Charles Albert Brigham, Jr., of Cincinnati, Ohio, and James
Gordon Andrews, Jr., of Cincinnati, Ohio, on motion of Mr. Don V.
Harris, Jr.; Leland F. Leatherman, of Little Rock, Ark., and Henry
Woods, of Little Rock, Ark., on motion of Mr. Clyde T. Ellis; William
H. Booth, of Jamaica, N. Y., on motion of Mr. Armond W. Scott;
William J. Reinhart, of New York, N. Y., on motion of Mr. Leonard
W. Lewis; Barron K. Grier, of Washington, D. C., on motion of Mr.
Frederick Oliver Graves; Hyman B. Rosen, of Cincinnati, Ohio, and
Joseph E. Rosen, of Cincinnati, Ohio, on motion of Mr. Ralph W.
Powers; Robert M. Dennis, of Cincinnati, Ohio, and Frank C. Shafer,
of Cincinnati, Ohio, on motion of Mr. Edgar Wolfe Holtz; John J.
Crutchfield, of Abilene, Tex., on motion of Mr. Gerald W. Siegel;
Russell M. Porter, of New Orleans, La., on motion of Mr. Eugene
Gressman; Joseph Fearon, of New York, N. Y., on motion of Mr.
David Reich; Hugh K. Davidson, of Detroit, Mich., and George W.
Trendle, Jr., of Detroit, Mich., on motion of Mr. Warren E. Miller;
George Blow, of Yorktown, Va., on motion of Mr. Edward B. Bur-
ling; Riley B. Fell, of Shreveport, La., on motion of Mr. James D.
Parriott, Jr.; and J. B. Spence, of Miami, Fla., on motion of Mr.
Harol D. Beaton, were admitted to practice.
The Chief Justice said:
"The orders of the Court appear upon the list certified by the Chief
Justice and filed with the Clerk and will not be announced orally."
No. 339. Joe Gibson, petitioner, v. Phillips Petroleum Company.
On petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Ap-
peals for the Fifth Circuit. Per Curiam: The petition for writ of
certiorari is granted. The judgment of the Court of Appeals is va-
cated and the judgment of the District Court is reinstated. Mr.

MONDAY, OCTOBER 22, 1956
59
Justice Reed and Mr. Justice Burton would deny certiorari. Mr.
Justice Frankfurter has filed a dissent in which Mr. Justice Harlan
joins.
No. 273, Misc. James A. Williams, appellant, v. United States of
America. Appeal from the United States District Court for the Dis-
trict of Alaska. Per Curiam: The appeal is dismissed.
No. 40. Amalgamated Meat Cutters and Butcher Workmen of
North America, AFL-CIO, etc., petitioner, v. National Labor Rela-
tions Board and Lannom Manufacturing Company. The motion of
the Solicitor General to postpone argument is denied.
No. 56. Pennsylvania Railroad Company and Brotherhood of Rail-
road Trainmen, petitioners, v. N. P. Rychlik, Individually and on
Behalf of and as Representative of Other Employees of the Pennsyl-
vania Railroad. The motions for leave to file briefs of the Brother-
hood of Locomotive Engineers and Railway Labor Executives' As-
sociation, as amici curiae, are granted.
-
No. Joseph Rollins v. People of the State of Michigan. The
motion to stay execution of sentence and for bail is denied.
No. 321. Ruby Nell Thomson, petitioner, v. Texas & Pacific Rail-
way Company. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit granted and case transferred
to the summary calendar.
No. 359. Joseph F. Black, Assistant Regional Commissioner, Al-
cohol and Tobacco Tax Division (Dallas Region) Internal Revenue
Service, petitioner, v. Magnolia Liquor Company, Inc. Petition for
writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the Fifth
Circuit granted and case transferred to the summary calendar.
No. 173, Misc. Andrew R. Mallory, petitioner, v. United States of
America. Motion for leave to proceed in forma pauperis and peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the District of Columbia Circuit granted. The case is trans-
ferred to the appellate docket as No. 521.
No. 292. Dr. Edwin L. Rippy, as President of the Board of Trustees
of the Dallas Independent School District, Dallas County, Texas, et
al., petitioners, v. Charles Brown, a Minor, by his Father and next
Friend, Walter Brown, Jr., et al. Petition for writ of certiorari
to the United States Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit denied.

MONDAY, OCTOBER 22, 1956
60
No. 318. Estate of Arthur Sweet, Deceased, Tracy-Collins Trust
Co., Administrator, petitioner, v. Commissioner of Internal Revenue.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the Tenth Circuit denied.
No. 319. Estate of Richard C. DuPont, Deceased, Wilmington
Trust Company, Executor, petitioner, v. Commissioner of Internal
Revenue. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court
of Appeals for the Third Circuit denied.
No. 320. Morris F. Luff and Ruth K. Luff, petitioners, v. Willard
J. Luff and John W. Slacks. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
United States Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia Circuit
denied.
No. 323. H. C. Hammer, Morris Norian, and Richard Norian, pe-
titioners, v. Charles W. Sanders et al. Petition for writ of certiorari
to the Supreme Court of Illinois denied.
No. 325. V. F. Bond and Audrey A. Bond, petitioners, v. Commis-
sioner of Internal Revenue. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
United States Court of Appeals for the Fourth Circuit denied.
No. 327. Francis Lester Stickel, petitioner, v. United States of
America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court
of Appeals for the Second Circuit denied.
No. 328. Meier & Pohlmann Furniture Company, a Corporation,
petitioner, v. Harold J. Gibbons, etc., et al. Petition for writ of cer-
tiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the Eighth Circuit
denied.
No. 329. District Court of Creek County, Oklahoma, and Honor-
able Kenneth Hughes, the Judge thereof, petitioners, v. Atchison,
Topeka and Santa Fe Railway Company. Petition for writ of cer-
tiorari to the Supreme Court of Oklahoma denied.
No. 330. Kiamichie Church and Janella Church, petitioners, v.
Windrop Ingersoll and Frances Ingersoll. Petition for writ of
certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the Tenth Circuit
denied.
No. 333. Sales Affiliates, Inc., petitioner, v. Helene Curtis Indus-
tries, Inc., et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit denied.
No. 335. Irene B. Whetstone, petitioner, v. United States of
America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court
of Appeals for the Seventh Circuit denied.
No. 337. Arthur Parisette Clark, petitioner, v. United States of
America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court
of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit denied.

MONDAY, OCTOBER 22, 1956
61
No. 338. Pauline Contreras Barrientes, petitioner, v. United States
of America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 341. Hirsch Lumber Company, petitioner, v. Weyerhaeuser
Steamship Company. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United
States Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit denied.
No. 344. Compania de Vapores Insco, S. A., et al., petitioners, v.
Missouri Pacific Railroad Company, Guy A. Thompson, Trustee, etc.,
et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of
Appeals for the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 345. Charles Silver, petitioner, v. United States of America.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the Second Circuit denied.
No. 348. Joseph S. Grimes, petitioner, v. Maryland State Fair,
Incorporated. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia Circuit denied.
No. 349. Eugene E. Hanf, petitioner, v. United States of America.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the Eighth Circuit denied.
No. 360. Capital Transit Company, Inc., petitioner, v. Joseph B.
Simpson, Jr., and Janie Gammon Lee. Petition for writ of certiorari
to the United States Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia
Circuit denied.
No. 317. Frederick J. Cutting et al., petitioners, v. Harvey V.
Higley, Administrator of Veterans Affairs, et al. Motion for leave
to file brief of Queens County American Legion, Department of New
York, as amicus curiae, denied. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
United States Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia Circuit
denied.
No. 6, Misc. John J. McGrath and Julia McGrath, petitioners, v.
Daniel F. DeLear, Trustee. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
United States Court of Appeals for the Third Circuit denied.
No. 15, Misc. Oliver Snell, petitioner, v. Nathan Mayo, Custodian
of the Florida State Prison. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
Supreme Court of Florida denied.
No. 65, Misc. James A. Williams, petitioner, v. B. & I. Court Re-
porters, William Hilton, William Plummer and United States of
America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court
of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit denied.
No. 94, Misc. James A. Williams, petitioner, v. John E. Peters and
Chester E. Strand. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United
States Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit denied.

MONDAY, OCTOBER 22, 1956
62
No. 112, Misc. Loyd Carroll Grandsinger, petitioner, v. State of
Nebraska. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of
Nebraska denied.
No. 134, Misc. James A. Williams, petitioner, v. Irish Stafford
et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of
Appeals for the Ninth Circuit denied.
No. 148, Misc. John E. Day, Jr., petitioner, v. Col. James W. Davis,
Commandant, U. S. Disciplinary Barracks, Fort Leavenworth,
Kansas. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of
Appeals for the Tenth Circuit denied.
No. 189, Misc. Charles C. DeBerry, petitioner, v. Commonwealth
of Kentucky. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals
of Kentucky denied.
No. 190, Misc. Robert Leo Sheckles, petitioner, v. Commonwealth
of Kentucky. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals
of Kentucky denied.
No. 269, Misc. James Franklin Bowman, petitioner, v. Common-
wealth of Kentucky. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of
Appeals of Kentucky denied.
Adjourned until Monday, November 5, next, at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Monday, November 5, will be as follows: Nos. 2,
11, and 14.

GURRECTED GUFT
MONDAY, NOVEMBER 5, 1956
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
63
Present: Mr. Chief Justice Warren, Mr. Justice Black, Mr. Justice
Reed, Mr. Justice Frankfurter, Mr. Justice Douglas, Mr. Justice Bur-
ton, Mr. Justice Clark, Mr. Justice Harlan, and Mr. Justice Brennan.
Howard E. Finney, of Brooklyn, N. Y., William F. Nevins, of New
York, N. Y., Orrel J. Mitchell, of Washington, D. C., John Joseph
Keating, Jr., of New York, N. Y., Morris J. Levin, of Providence, R. I.,
and Ervin Morgan Entrekin, of Nashville, Tenn., on motion of Mr.
Solicitor General James Lee Rankin; Ralph L. McAfee, of New York,
N. Y., on motion of Mr. Bruce Ditmas Bromley; J. Ralston Werum,
of Columbus, Ohio, and Earl W. Allison, of Columbus, Ohio, on mo-
tion of Mr. Charles A. Webb; George C. Quinnell, of Marquette, Mich.,
on motion of Mr. Royal E. Jackson; Merle D. Cohn, of Seattle, Wash.,
on motion of Mr. Daniel M. Friedman; Robert P. Bradley, of Mont-
gomery, Ala., Gordon Madison, of Montgomery, Ala., and John M.
Patterson, of Montgomery, Ala., on motion of Mr. Merton Roland
Nachman, Jr.; James F. Graham, of Zanesville, Ohio, on motion of
Mr. Ernest B. Graham; William A. Blanchette, of Takoma Park, Md.,
on motion of Mr. Sherwood K. Booth; Thomas P. Ford, of New York,
N. Y., on motion of Mr. Richard A. Mahar; R. P. Parry, of Twin
Falls, Idaho, on motion of Mr. Arthur C. Inman; Warren E. Thorn-
ton, of Sacramento, Calif., on motion of Mr. Charles I. Schottland;
Wilton E. Steed, of Pine Bluff, Ark., on motion of Mr. Edwin D.
Dupree, Jr.; Frank S. Twitty, of Camilla, Ga., and Patrick Henry,
of Atlanta, Ga., on motion of Mr. John Wilson Ellis; Victor M. Lang-
sett, of Chicago, Ill., on motion of Mr. Ernest Schein; David Zerner,
of Los Angeles, Calif., on motion of Mr. Freeman W. Sharp, Jr.;
Walter Irving Badger, Jr., of Boston, Mass., and William F. Meara,
Jr., of Weymouth, Mass., on motion of Mr. F. Granville Munson;
James A. Jameson, of Detroit, Mich., on motion of Mr. George C.
Vournas; Peter Fitzpatrick, of Chicago, Ill., on motion of Mr. James
P. Burns; Charles Bragman, of Washington, D. C., on motion of Mr.
Joseph H. Freehill; Gerald McNamara Chapman, of Chicago, Ill.,
on motion of Mr. Charles T. Akre; Melville C. Williams, of Chicago,
Ill., on motion of Mr. John C. Herberg; Richard Glenn Smith, of
Markham, Ill., and Jack T. Van Keuls, of Cleveland, Ohio, on mo-
tion of Mr. Almon S. Nelson; Marcus A. Matlock, of Little Rock,
Ark., on motion of Mr. Robert A. Littleton; and Richard Fullington
Stevens, of Cleveland, Ohio, on motion of Mr. Howard F. Burns, were
admitted to practice.
400278-56--14

MONDAY, NOVEMBER 5, 1956
64
No. 20. Stephen Mesarosh, also known as Steve Nelson, et al., pe-
titioners, v. United States of America. On motion to remand case to
the District Court. Mr. Chief Justice Warren announced the opinion
of the Court amplifying the decision of October 10, 1956, to vacate
the judgment and remand the case with instructions to grant a new
trial. Dissenting opinion by Mr. Justice Harlan in which Mr. Justice
Frankfurter and Mr. Justice Burton join. Mr. Justice Brennan took
no part in the consideration or decision of this case.
The Chief Justice said:
"The orders of the Court appear upon the list certified by the Chief
Justice and filed with the Clerk and will not be announced orally."
No. 326. Leslie Robert Nunn, appellant, v. People of the State of
California. Appeal from the Supreme Court of California. Per
Curiam: The appeal is dismissed. Treating the papers whereon the
appeal was taken as a petition for writ of certiorari, certiorari is
denied.
No. 340. State of Ohio, ex rel. Edith G. Church, Ralph S. Brown,
Alois S. Knapp, appellants, v. Ted W. Brown, as Secretary of State,
State of Ohio. Appeal from the Supreme Court of Ohio. Per Curiam:
The motion to dismiss is granted and the appeal is dismissed for
want of a substantial federal question.
No. 365. Interstate Commerce Commission, appellant, v. Home
Transfer & Storage Co., Inc. Appeal from the United States District
Court for the Western District of Washington. Per Curiam: The
judgment is affirmed.
No. 372. Pocatello Building & Construction Trades Council, an
Unincorporated Association, et al., appellants, v. C. H. Elle Con-
struction Co., a Corporation, et al. Appeal from the Supreme Court >
of Idaho. Per Curiam: The appeal is dismissed. Treating the papers
whereon the appeal was taken as a petition for writ of certiorari, cer-
tiorari is granted. The judgment of the Supreme Court of Idaho is
reversed. Weber v. Anheuser-Busch, Inc., 348 U. S. 468.
No. 300. Riece Cozart et al., petitioners, v. Charles E. Wilson, Sec-
retary of Defense, et al. On writ of certiorari to the United States
Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia Circuit. Per Curiam:
The petition for writ of certiorari is granted. The judgment of the
Court of Appeals is vacated and the case is remanded to the District
Court with directions to dismiss the petition for writ of habeas corpus
upon the ground that the cause is moot. United States v. Munsing-
wear, Inc., 340 U. S. 36.
No. 221, Misc. Leslie Thompson, appellant, v. Michigan Correc-
tions Commission et al. Appeal from the Supreme Court of Michigan.
Per Curiam: The appeal is dismissed. Treating the papers whereon
the appeal was taken as a petition for writ of certiorari, certiorari is
denied.

MONDAY, NOVEMBER 5, 1956
65
No. 222, Misc. Elmer R. Pugh, appellant, v. People of the State
of California. Appeal from the District Court of Appeal of Cali-
fornia, Second Appellate District. Per Curiam: The appeal is dis-
missed for want of a substantial federal question.
No. 11, Original. United States of America, plaintiff, v. State of
Louisiana. The motion by the Solicitor General to dismiss as moot the
motion by Anderson-Prichard Oil Corporation for extraordinary
relief and for amendment or interpretation of the decree of this Court
is granted. The motion by Anderson-Prichard Oil Corporation for
extraordinary relief and for amendment or interpretation of the decree
of this Court is dismissed. The Chief Justice took no part in the
consideration or decision of these motions.
No. 13, Original. The State of Missouri and the State Highway
Commission of Missouri, plaintiffs, v. Paul Davey, Individually and
Purported Receiver, et al. The motion for leave to file bill of com-
plaint is denied. Illinois v. Wisconsin, 333 U. S. 879; Louisiana v.
Cummins, 314 U. S. 580; and Massachusetts v. Missouri, 308 U. S. 1,
18-20.
No. 345, October Term, 1955. Randall Sterling, petitioner, v. Local
438, Liberty Association of Steam and Power Pipe Fitters and Helpers
Association, etc., et al. The motion to dispense with printing the
motion for leave to file petition for writ of mandamus is granted. The
motion for leave to file petition for writ of mandamus is denied.
No. 132. Ollie Otto Prince, petitioner, v. United States of America.
The motion of petitioner to enlarge record is granted.
No. 701, October Term, 1955. Curtis Reid, Superintendent of the
District of Columbia Jail, appellant v. Clarice B. Covert; and
No. 713, October Term, 1955. Nina Kinsella, Warden of the Fed-
eral Reformatory for Women, Alderson, West Virginia, petitioner v.
Walter Krueger.
The petition for rehearing is granted. On reargument counsel are
invited to include among the issues to be discussed by them the follow-
ing matters:
"1. The specific practical necessities in the government and regula-
tion of the land and naval forces which justify court-martial jurisdic-
tion over civilian dependents overseas; the practical alternatives to the
exercise of jurisdiction by court-martial.
"2. The historical evidence, so far as such evidence is available and
relevant, bearing on the scope of court-martial jurisdiction authorized
under Art. I, § 8, cl. 14, and the Necessary and Proper Clause, and
bearing on the relations of Article III and the Fifth and Sixth Amend-
ments in interpreting those clauses. In particular, the question

MONDAY, NOVEMBER 5, 1956
66
whether such historical evidence points to the conclusion that the
Art. I, § 8, cl. 14, power was thought to have a fixed and rigid content
or rather that this power, as modified by the Necessary and Proper
Clause, was considered a broad grant susceptible of expansion under
changing circumstances.
"3. The relevance, for purposes of court-martial jurisdiction over
civilians overseas in time of peace, of any distinctions between civilians
employed by the armed forces and civilian dependents.
"4. The relevance, for purposes of court-martial jurisdiction over
civilian dependents overseas in time of peace, of any distinctions
between major crimes and petty offenses."
Mr. Justice Reed, Mr. Justice Burton, and Mr. Justice Clark would
deny the petition for rehearing. They believe that the problems pre-
sented in the above questions, with the exception of No. 4, the answer
to which in their opinion is obvious, have been fully presented in the
briefs and argument already had. Mr. Justice Brennan took no part
in the consideration or decision of this application and order.
No. 751, Misc., October Term, 1955. William J. McNally, petitioner,
v. Harley O. Teets, Warden, California State Prison at San Quentin,
Calif. The motion for leave to file petition for rehearing is granted.
The order of June 4, 1956, denying certiorari, 351 U. S. 972, is vacated.
Treating the papers filed as a petition for certiorari to the Supreme
Court of California in its case No. 5884, decided April 18, 1956, as
well as in its case No. 5783, decided February 28, 1956, certiorari is
denied in both cases.
No. 362. Public Service Commission of Utah and Utah Citizens
Rate Association, appellants, v. United States of America and Inter-
state Commerce Commission, et al. Appeal from the United States
District Court for the District of Utah. In this case probable juris-
diction is noted.
No. 204. William Benz et al., petitioners, v. Compania Naviera
Hidalgo, S. A., a Corporation. -Petition for writ of certiorari to the
United States Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit granted and
case transferred to the summary calendar. The Solicitor General
is invited to file a brief, as amicus curiae, expressing the views of the
National Labor Relations Board.
No. 346. William H. Black and Ruth F. Black, petitioners, v. A. M.
Amen et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court
of Appeals for the Tenth Circuit granted limited to question 1 pre-
sented by the petition for the writ which reads as follows:
"1. A question presented is whether a number of persons asserting
separate and distinct demands as to which there were some common

MONDAY, NOVEMBER 5, 1956
67
questions of law and fact, may intervene in a proceeding in a federal
court, regardless of the citizenship of each intervener or other juris-
dictional requirements, as the Court of Appeals held they might do,
merely because the original plaintiff in this so-called spurious class
action possessed the requisite jurisdictional requirements, including
diversity of citizenship."
Mr. Justice Reed took no part in the consideration or decision of
this application.
No. 370. The Baltimore and Ohio Railway Company, petitioner, v.
Daniel T. Jackson. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United
States Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia Circuit granted
and case transferred to the summary calendar.
No. 371. Bessie Lasky and Jesse L. Lasky, petitioners, v. Commis-
sioner of Internal Revenue. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
United States Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit granted and
case transferred to the summary calendar.
No. 373. Sherwood Lester, petitioner, v. United States of America
and Marine Basin Company. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
United States Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit granted and
case transferred to the summary calendar.
No. 534. Preston Allen, Suing for Himself and Other American
Indians similarly situated, petitioner, v. Porter L. Merrell, Individu-
ally and as County Clerk, Duchesne County, Utah. The Attorney
General of the State of Utah having consented to and urged the
granting of the petition for certiorari, the petition for writ of cer-
tiorari to the Supreme Court of Utah is granted. The motion to
dispense with printing the petition is granted.
No. 324. Berlon S. Taylor, petitioner, v. City of Pine Bluff, Ar-
kansas. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of
Arkansas denied.
No. 334. Compania Naviera Hidalgo, S. A., a Corporation, peti-
tioner, v. William Benz et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
United States Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit denied.
No. 350. Joseph M. Cain, petitioner, v. The United States. Peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Claims
denied.
No. 351. International Broadcasting Corporation, petitioner, v.
Federal Communications Commission et al. Petition for writ of cer-
tiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the District of
Columbia Circuit denied.
400278-56--15

MONDAY, NOVEMBER 5, 1956
68
No. 353. Smith-Johnson Steamship Corp., petitioner, v. The United
States. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of
Claims denied.
No. 354. Michigan Corporation and Securities Commission et al.,
petitioners, v. Panhandle Eastern Pipe Line Company, a Delaware
Corporation. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court
of Michigan denied.
No. 355. Melrose Realty Co., Inc., petitioner, v. Loew's Incorpo-
rated et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court
of Appeals for the Third Circuit denied.
No. 356. Bay State Cafe, Inc., and Brighams Cafe, Inc., petitioners,
v. Louis R. Cohen. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme
Judicial Court and the Superior Court of Massachusetts denied.
No. 358. The Cold Metal Process Company and the Union Na-
tional Bank of Youngstown, Ohio, Trustee, petitioners, v. Republic
Steel Corporation. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Court of Appeals for the Sixth Circuit denied.
No. 361. Louis Lupo, petitioner, v. The Norfolk & Western Rail-
way Company, a Corporation. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
Court of Appeals for Franklin County, Ohio, denied.
No. 367. Harris D. Hineline, petitioner, v. The United States. Pe-
tition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Claims
denied.
No. 368. Walter S. Farley, petitioner, v. The United States. Pe-
tition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Claims
denied.
No. 369. Panhandle Eastern Pipe Line Company, petitioner, v.
Federal Power Commission and Michigan Consolidated Gas Com-
pany. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of
Appeals for the Third Circuit denied.
No. 374. State of Wisconsin, petitioner, v. The United States. Pe-
tition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Claims
denied.
No. 375. Lester E. Stone, petitioner, v. Madeleine L. Stone. Peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals of New York denied.
No. 376. John P. Kinsey et al., petitioners, v. Burton S. Knapp
et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of
Appeals for the Sixth Circuit denied.
No. 377. Paul Robeson, petitioner, v. John Foster Dulles, Secre-
tary of State. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia Circuit denied.

MONDAY, NOVEMBER 5, 1956
69
No. 379. Stewart M. Alexander, Jr., petitioner, v. United States
of America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court
of appeals for the Fourth Circuit denied.
No. 380. Andrew Kenny, petitioner, v. The United States. Peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Claims denied.
No. 381. John R. Baker, William J. Bradshaw, William L. Camp-
bell, et al., petitioners, v. The United States. Petition for writ of
certiorari to the United States Court of Claims denied.
No. 382. Otto W. Cahill, petitioner, v. State of Oregon. Petition
for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Oregon denied.
No. 383. Prepo Corporation, petitioner, v. Pressure Can Corpora-
tion et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court
of Appeals for the Seventh Circuit denied.
No. 384. State of Ohio, ex. rel. Edward W. Focke and Otterbein
Creager, petitioners, v. Paul J. Price, Chief, Dayton Police Depart-
ment. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Ohio
denied.
No. 386. John J. Doyle, petitioner, v. United States of America.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the Seventh Circuit denied.
No. 387. Conrad Bantel et al., petitioners, v. Herbert Brownell, Jr.,
Attorney General, et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United
States Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia Circuit denied.
No. 388. William Battle, petitioner, v. Estate of Edward A. Gal-
lagher, Lottie Gallagher, Trustee, et al. Petition for writ of certiorari
to the Court of Appeals of Maryland denied.
No. 389. Morgantown Glassware Guild, Inc., petitioner, v. George
H. Humphrey, Secretary of the Treasury. Petition for writ of
certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the District of
Columbia Circuit denied.
No. 390. R. W. Frazier and A. Wertheimer, as Receivers of 8701
Collins Ave., Inc., Alleged Bankrupt, petitioners, v. Harrison O. Ash.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 391. Samuel Leiser, petitioner, v. United States of America.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the First Circuit denied.
No. 394. Bernard F. Kenny, petitioner, v. United States of Amer-
ica. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of
Appeals for the Third Circuit denied.
No. 294. Eugene A. Taliaferro, petitioner, v. Hon. Thomas Coakley,
Judge pro tem., etc., et al. Motion to dispense with printing of the

MONDAY, NOVEMBER 5, 1956
70
petition granted. Petition for writ of certiorari to the District Court
of Appeal of California, First Appellate District, denied. The Chief
Justice took no part in the consideration or decision of these
applications.
No. 305. The Brennan Construction Company, Inc., a Corporation,
petitioner, v. Colorado Springs Company, a Corporation, et al. Mo-
tion to defer consideration of petition for a writ of certiorari denied.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Colorado
denied.
No. 364. Falstaff Brewing Corp. et al., petitioners, v. Kal W. Lines.
Motions for leave to file briefs of National Association of Credit Men,
Rocky Mountain Association of Credit Men, Credit Managers Asso-
ciation of Southern California, and The National Paint, Varnish and
Lacquer Association, Inc., as amici curiae, denied. Petition for writ
of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the Ninth
Circuit denied.
No. 395. Millard Dee Grubbs, petitioner, v. Burrell H. Farnsley
et al. Motion to dispense with printing of the petition granted. Peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for
the Sixth Circuit denied.
No. 99, Misc. Francisco Cepero, petitioner, v. Pan American Air-
ways, Inc. Petition for rehearing denied. Mr. Justice Brennan took
no part in the consideration or decision of this application.
No. 21, Misc. John Kozicky and John Joseph Klozko, petitioners,
v. The People of the State of New York. Petition for writ of certi-
orari to the Court of Appeals of New York denied.
No. 45, Misc. Harmon M. Waley, petitioner, v. United States of
America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of
Appeals for the Ninth Circuit denied.
No. 69, Misc. Louis Vernon Cawley, petitioner, v. United States of
America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court
of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 85, Misc. Dave Yates, petitioner, v. The State of Washington.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Washington
denied.
No. 87, Misc. Edward Harold McCall, petitioner, v. State of North
Carolina. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Superior Court of
Edgecombe County, North Carolina, denied.
No. 91, Misc. John McConnell, petitioner, v. Elbert V. Nash,
Warden. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of
Missouri denied.

MONDAY, NOVEMBER 5, 1956
71
No. 93, Misc. Vernon Eugene Goodson, petitioner, v. United States
of America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court
of Appeals for the Seventh Circuit denied.
No. 117, Misc. Henry James, petitioner, v. United States of Amer-
ica. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Ap-
peals for the Tenth Circuit denied.
No. 154, Misc. Charles Sylvester, petitioner, v. United States of
America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court
of Appeals for the Second Circuit denied.
No. 157, Misc. Robert W. R. Baker, Jr., petitioner, v. United States
of America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court
of Appeals for the District of Columbia Circuit denied.
No. 161, Misc. Edgar Richard Lewis, petitioner, v. United States
of America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court
of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit denied.
No. 186, Misc. John Chernachowicz, petitioner, v. State of New
Jersey. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of New
Jersey denied.
No. 191, Misc. William H. Carter, petitioner, v. State of Maryland.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals of Maryland
denied.
No. 193, Misc. In the Matter of the Application of Luther Car-
penter, petitioner. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court
of California denied.
No. 194, Misc. Charles Clark, petitioner, v. The People of the State
of Michigan. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of
Michigan denied.
No. 195, Misc. Arthur Rodgers, petitioner, v. State of Michigan
et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Michigan
denied.
No. 197, Misc. Joseph L. DeLevay et al., petitioners, v. Robert R.
Lee, Bankrupt. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia Circuit denied.
No. 198, Misc. Walter L. Bishop, petitioner, v. Commonwealth of
Pennsylvania and Frank C. Johnston, Warden, Western State Peni-
tentiary, Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania. Petition for writ of certiorari
to the United States Court of Appeals for the Third Circuit denied.
No. 200, Misc. George Williams, petitioner, v. The People of the
State of Michigan. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme
Court of Michigan denied.
No. 201, Misc. In the Matter of the Application of La Vern Speer,
petitioner. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of
California denied.

MONDAY, NOVEMBER 5, 1956
72
No. 202, Misc. The People of the State of New York, ex rel. Willie
Lowery, petitioner, v. Robert Murphy, Warden. Petition for writ of
certiorari to the Appellate Division of the Supreme Court of New
York, Fourth Judicial Department, denied.
No. 209, Misc. James Cannon, petitioner, v. Commonwealth of
Pennsylvania. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court
of Pennsylvania, Western District, denied.
No. 211, Misc. Clayton C. Gilliland, petitioner, v. The People of
State of Michigan. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court
for the County of Lapeer, Michian, Fortieth Judicial Circuit, denied.
No. 212, Misc. William Ares Febre, petitioner, v. Nathan Mayo,
as Custodian of the Florida State Prison. Petition for writ of certio-
rari to the Supreme Court of Florida denied.
No. 215, Misc. Mary A Mullen, petitioner, v. Marion B. Folsom,
Secretary, Department of Health, Education, and Welfare. Petition
for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the
First Circuit denied.
No. 217, Misc. Bernard Berman, petitioner, v. The People of the
State of New York. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of
Appeals of New York denied.
No. 218, Misc. Richard Holland, petitioner, v. Ira Coiner, Warden,
West Virginia State Penitentiary. Petition for writ of certiorari to
the Supreme Court of Appeals of West Virginia denied.
No. 219, Misc. William Howard Dunn, petitioner, v. United States
of America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court
of Appeals for the Sixth Circuit denied.
No. 220, Misc. Sam Pickens, petitioner, v. Robert A. Heinze,
Warden. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of
California denied.
No. 223, Misc. John G. Comerford, petitioner, v. Commonwealth
of Massachusetts et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United
States Court of Appeals for the First Circuit denied.
No. 225, Misc. Lovell Landers, Jr., petitioner, v. People of the State
of New York. Petition for writ of certiorari to the County Court of
Richmond County, New York, denied.
No. 228, Misc. Odell Gunter, petitioner, v. State of Missouri. Peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Missouri denied.
No. 231, Misc. Laurier LaFlamme, petitioner, v. Allan L. Robbins,
Warden, et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Judicial
Court of Maine denied.
No. 232, Misc. George Rolie, petitioner, v. Ross V. Randolph,
Warden, et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court
of Illinois denied.

MONDAY, NOVEMBER 5, 1956
73
No. 233, Misc. Norman J. Brabson, petitioner, v. State of New
York. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals of New
York denied.
No. 235, Misc. Grayford W. Moore, petitioner, v. People of the
State of Michigan. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme
Court of Michigan denied.
No. 238, Misc. Jack Sykes, petitioner, v. Robert A. Heinze, Warden.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the Ninth Circuit denied.
No. 240, Misc. Gordon Darcy, petitioner, v. Harley O. Teets,
Warden, San Quentin, California. Petition for writ of certiorari to
the Supreme Court of California denied.
No. 242, Misc. Donald B. Nickerson, petitioner, v. The People of
the State of New York. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of
Appeals of New York denied.
No. 243, Misc. Charlie Horne, petitioner, v. The State of Missis-
sippi. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Mis-
sissippi denied.
No. 246, Misc. Benjamin Rockower, petitioner, v. United States of
America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of
Appeals for the Second Circuit denied.
No. 199, Misc. Marvin Copley, petitioner, v. Lucien F. Sweet,
Raymond W. Fox, et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United
States Court of Appeals for the Sixth Circuit denied. Motion for
leave to file petition for writ of mandamus also denied.
No. 214, Misc. William Francis Rupp, petitioner, v. Harley O.
Teets, as Warden of the California State Prison at San Quentin, Cali-
fornia. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of
Appeals for the Ninth Circuit denied. The Chief Justice took no part
in the consideration or decision of this application.
No. 188, Misc. Carmac McNelis, petitioner, v. Pennsylvania Board
of Parole and Angelo C. Cavell, Warden, Western State Peniten-
tiary, Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania;
No. 196, Misc. John W. Morton, petitioner, v. Herbert J. Brown-
nell, Jr., Attorney General of the United States of America;
No. 203, Misc. Ralph L. Hickox, petitioner, v. Joseph E. Ragen,
Warden, et al.;
No. 226, Misc. Edward Ellis Prince, petitioner, v. Commonwealth
of Virginia;
No. 227, Misc. Joseph Frey, petitioner, v. Lee B. Mailler, Chair-
man of New York State Parole Board, et al.;

MONDAY, NOVEMBER 5, 1956
74
No. 236, Misc. John A. Curtis, petitioner, v. Raymond J. Buchkoe,
Warden;
No. 237, Misc. Sol Newstead, petitioner, v. Elbert V. Nash, Warden.
Missouri State Penitentiary; and
No. 239, Misc. John Medlin, petitioner, v. Donald Clemmer, Direc-
tor and Paul F. Peglow, Superintendent, et al. Motions for leave to
file petitions for writs of habeas corpus denied.
No. 192, Misc. William Ernest White, petitioner, v. D. Haffron,
Superintendent, Elgin State Hospital, Elgin, Illinois. Motion for
leave to file petition for writ of mandamus denied.
No. 205, Misc. John C. Farris, petitioner, v. United States District
Court for the Southern District of California, Central Division; and
No. 210, Misc. Carmac McNelis, petitioner, v. Pennsylvania Board
of Parole et al. Motions for leave to file petitions for writs of cer-
tiorari denied.
No. 2. Holophane Company, Inc., appellant, v. United States of
America. Argued by Mr. Richard F. Stevens for the appellant and
by Mr. Daniel M. Friedman for the appellee.
No. 11. United States Gypsum Company, appellant, v. National
Gypsum Company et al. Argument commenced by Mr. Bruce Brom-
ley for the appellant and continued by Mr. Samuel I. Rosenman for
the appellee, National Gypsum Company.
Adjourned until tomorrow at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Tuesday, November 6, will be as follows: Nos. 11,
14, 26, and 28.
Х

TUESDAY, NOVEMBER 6, 1956
75
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: Mr. Chief Justice Warren, Mr. Justice Black, Mr. Justice
Reed, Mr. Justice Frankfurter, Mr. Justice Douglas, Mr. Justice
Burton, Mr. Justice Clark, Mr. Justice Harlan, and Mr. Justice
Brennan.
Don B. Sommers, of St. Louis, Mo., and Eugene K. Buckley, of
St. Louis, Mo., on Motion of Mr. Mark D. Eagleton; Carlton N.
Wilkes, of Memphis, Tenn, on motion of Mr. Samuel Z. Goldman;
and William Lee Howland, of Portsmouth, Ohio, and Roy D. Boucher,
of Dayton, Ohio, on motion of Mr. Karl H. Michelet, were admitted to
practice.
No. 11. United States Gypsum Company, appellant, v. National
Gypsum Company et al. Argument continued by Mr. Samuel I.
Rosenman for appellee, National Gypsum Company, continued by
Mr. Norman A. Miller for appellee, Certain-Teed Products Corp.,
and concluded by Mr. Bruce Bromley for the appellant.
No. 14. In the Matter of the Petition for a Writ of Habeas Corpus
for Harry A. Groban and Nathan Groban, appellants. Argued by
Mr. James F. Graham for the appellants and by Mr. Earl W. Allison,
Jr., and Mr. J. Ralston Werum for the appellee.
No. 26. The Leiter Minerals, Inc., petitioner, v. United States of
America et al. Argument commenced by Mr. Samuel W. Plauché,
Jr., for the petitioner.
Adjourned until tomorrow at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Wednesday, November 7, will be as follows: Nos.
26, 28, 30, and 39.
☑
400278-56-16

WEDNESDAY, NOVEMBER 7, 1956
76
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: Mr. Chief Justice Warren, Mr. Justice Black, Mr. Justice
Reed, Mr. Justice Frankfurter, Mr. Justice Douglas, Mr. Justice
Burton, Mr. Justice Clark, Mr. Justice Harlan, and Mr. Justice.
Brennan.
Lawrence A. Schei, of Sacramento, Calif., on motion of Mr. Warren
Olney III; Morton R. Field, of Beverly Hills, Calif., on motion of
Mr. Frederick Bernays Wiener; Armand Gilinsky, of New York,
N. Y., on motion of Mr. Harold Leventhal; Ben F. McAuley, of Knox-
ville, Tenn., on motion of Mr. William M. Burkhalter; MacDonald
Deming, of New York, N. Y., on motion of Mr. George F. Galland;
Joseph William Jung, of Glendale, N. Y., on motion of Mr. William
J. Gregg; Harry M. Gross, of Oakland, Calif., on motion of Mr.
Marvin Greene; George E. Bailey, of St. Louis, Mo., on motion of
Mr. James T. Lyon; A. Albert Spar, of Los Angeles, Calif., on motion
of Mr. Dwight David Doty; Henry Eugene Cox, of Atlanta, Ga., on
motion of Mr. Joseph Chandler Burton; and George Edward Mackey,
of Brookline, Mass., on motion of Mr. Christian L. Swartz, were
admitted to practice.
No. 433. Yancy A. McGowen, petitioner, v. State of Texas. Peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the Court of Criminal Appeals of
Texas denied.
No. 26. The Leiter Minerals, Inc., petitioner, v. United States of
America et al. Argument continued by Mr. Perry W. Morton for
respondent, United States of America, and concluded by Mr. Charles
D. Marshall for the respondents, The California Company and Allen
L. Lobrano.
No. 28. James C. Rogers, petitioner, v. Missouri Pacific Railroad
Company, a Corporation. Argued by Mr. Mark D. Eagleton for the
petitioner and by Mr. Donald B. Sommers for the respondent.
No. 30. Gerald D. Nelson et al., as Successor Trustees Under the
Will of William Nelson, Deceased, and Helen D. Moller, appellants,
v. The City of New York. Argued by Mr. William P. Jones for the
appellants and by Mr. Seymour B. Quel for the appellee.
Adjourned until tomorrow at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Thursday, November 8, will be as follows: Nos.
39, 31, 37, and 43.
☑
400278-56--17

THURSDAY, NOVEMBER 8, 1956
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
77
Present: Mr. Chief Justice Warren, Mr. Justice Black, Mr. Justice
Reed, Mr. Justice Frankfurter, Mr. Justice Douglas, Mr. Justice
Burton, Mr. Justice Clark, Mr. Justice Harlan, and Mr. Justice
Brennan.
John Patterson Weitzel, of Boston, Mass., on motion of Mr. David
W. Kendall; John Houston Gunn, of Miami, Fla., E. Monroe
Schwartz, of Atlanta, Ga., Leon S. Epstein, of Atlanta, Ga., and Nor-
man A. Owens, of Atlanta Ga., on motion of Mr. Royal E. Jackson;
Maurice James Leen, Jr., of Dayton, Ohio, on motion of Mr. Eugene
F. Mullin, Jr.; Franklin C. Phifer, of East Orange, N. J., and Fred-
erick W. Hock, of East Orange, N. J., on motion of Mr. William
Gural; John M. Hogan, of Boston, Mass., and Edward A. Crane,
of Cambridge, Mass., on motion of Mr. John R. Kewer; Harvey H.
Holland, Jr., of Washington, D. C., and Norman M. Glasgow, of
Washington, D. C., on motion of Mr. James C. Wilkes; Travis White,
of El Paso, Tex., on motion of Mr. H. Coleman McGehee, Jr.; Thomas
H. Gallagher, of Detroit, Mich., on motion of Mr. Edward J. Hayes;
and Andrew Reiner, of New York, N. Y., on motion of Mr. David
Carliner, were admitted to practice.
No. 39. United States of America, petitioner, v. Paul E. Plesha et al.
Argued by Mr. Lester S. Jayson for the petitioner and by Mr. Law-
rence A. Schei for the respondents.
No. 31. Massachusetts Bonding and Insurance Company et al.,
petitioners, v. United States of America. Argued by Mr. John R.
Kewer for the petitioners and by Mr. Paul A. Sweeney for the
respondent.
No. 37. Allen I. Nilva, petitioner, v. United States of America.
Argument commenced by Mr. Eugene Gressman for the petitioner.
Adjourned until Tuesday, November 13, next, at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Tuesday, November 13, will be as follows: Nos.
37, 43, 34, 40, and 57.
400278-56--18

TUESDAY, NOVEMBER 13, 1956
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
78
Present: Mr. Chief Justice Warren, Mr. Justice Black, Mr. Justice
Reed, Mr. Justice Frankfurter, Mr. Justice Douglas, Mr. Justice Bur-
ton, Mr. Justice Clark, Mr. Justice Harlan, and Mr. Justice Brennan.
Robert J. Spiegel, of Philadelphia, Pa., on motion of Mr. Solicitor
General James Lee Rankin; John C. Blair, of New York, N. Y., on
motion of Mr. Richard Paul Schulze; Edward Jacobson, of Phoenix,
Ariz., on motion of Mr. Harry A. Poth, Jr.; James S. Haught, of Mor-
gantown, W. Va., on motion of Mr. William C. Hamilton, Jr.; Francis
Yoshito Sogi, of New York, N. Y., on motion of Mr. Morton Liftin;
Judson Harwood, of Nashville, Tenn., on motion of Mr. Morton Jay
Come; Nathan I. Goldin, of Detroit, Mich., on motion of Mrs. Irene
Kennedy; Harvey Huston, of Chicago, Ill., on motion of Mr. Hyman
Neil Garson; Morton N. Katz, of Hartford, Conn., on motion of Mr.
David Kammerman; John B. Stigall, Jr., of Dallas, Tex., on motion
of Mr. Everett Hutchinson; Robert Emmett O'Neal, of Columbus, Ga.,
on motion of Mr. K. Martin Worthy; Demetrius C. Newton, of Birm-
ingham, Ala., on motion of Mr. Oscar W. Adams, Jr.; Ann Aldrich
Mooney, of New York, N. Y., and James J. Mooney, of New York,
N. Y., on motion of Mr. Warren E. Baker; and William Massar, of
New York, N. Y., on motion of Mr. Sanford H. Bolz, were admitted to
practice.
No. 21. Bank of America National Trust and Savings Association,
petitioner, v. Gilbert S. Parnell; and
No. 22. Bank of America National Trust and Savings Association,
petitioner, v. First National Bank in Indiana. On writs of certiorari
to the United States Court of Appeals for the Third Circuit. Judg-
ments of Court of Appeals reversed with costs and cases remanded to
that court for proceedings in conformity with the opinion of this
Court. Opinion by Mr. Justice Frankfurter. Dissenting opinion
by Mr. Justice Black and Mr. Justice Douglas.
The Chief Justice announced the following order of the Court:
No. 2. Holophane Company, Inc., appellant, v. United States of
America. Appeal from the United States District Court for the
Southern District of Ohio. Per Curiam: The Court unanimously
400278-56-19

1
TUESDAY, NOVEMBER 13, 1956
79
affirms the judgment and decree of the District Court except para-
graph XI, and that paragraph is affirmed by an equally divided Court.
Mr. Justice Harlan took no part in the consideration or decision of
this case.
The Chief Justice said:
"The other orders of the Court appear upon the list certified by the
Chief Justice and filed with the Clerk and will not be announced
orally."
No. 342. W. A. Gayle et al., Individually and as Members of the
Board of Commissioners of the City of Montgomery, Alabama, et al.,
etc., appellants v. Aurelia S. Browder et al.; and
No. 343. C. C. (Jack) Owen et al., as Members of the Alabama
Public Service Commission, et al., appellants, v. Aurelia S. Browder
et al. Appeals from the United States District Court for the Middle
District of Alabama. Per Curiam: The motion to affirm is granted
and the judgment is affirmed. Brown v. Board of Education, 347
U. S. 483; Mayor and City Council of Baltimore v. Dawson, 350 U. S.
877; Holmes v. Atlanta, 350 U. S. 879.
No. 402. Great Northern Railway Company, a Corporation, appel-
lant, v. The Board of Railroad Commissioners of the State of Mon-
tana et al. Appeal from the Supreme Court of Montana. Per
Curiam: The appeal is dismissed for want of a substantial federal
question.
No. 119, Misc. George T. Jordan, petitioner, v. United States of
America. On petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court
of Appeals for the District of Columbia Circuit. Per Curiam: The
motion for leave to proceed in forma pauperis and the petition for
writ of certiorari are granted. The judgment of the Court of Appeals
is vacated and the cause is remanded to the District Court for consid-
eration on the merits.
No. 204, Misc. Clarence Duke McGann, petitioner, v. United States
of America. On petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit. Per Curiam: The motion for
leave to proceed in forma pauperis and the petition for writ of
certiorari are granted. The order of the Court of Appeals is vacated
and the cause is remanded to that Court for consideration on the
merits. United States v. Hayman, 342 U. S. 205, 209, n. 4.
No. 12, Original. J. Bracken Lee, Governor of the State of Utah,
in behalf of Said State, plaintiff, v. George M. Humphrey, Secretary
of the Treasury. The motion for leave to file bill of complaint is
denied.

TUESDAY, NOVEMBER 13, 1956
80
No. 312, October Term, 1955. The United States, petitioner, v. The
Ohio Power Company. The motion to vacate the order of June 11,
1956, and to dismiss petition for rehearing is denied.
No. 366. Andrew G. Nelson, Inc., appellant, v. United States of
America, Interstate Commerce Commission, et al. Appeal from the
United States District Court for the Northern District of Illinois.
In this case probable jurisdiction is noted and the case is transferred to
the summary calendar.
No. 423. Government and Civic Employees Organizing Committee,
CIO, and Unincorporated Association, et al., appellants, v. S. F.
Windsor, et al. Appeal from the United States District Court for
the Northern District of Alabama. In this case probable jurisdiction
is noted. Mr. Justice Black took no part in the consideration or de-
cision of this question.
No. 407. John S. Service, petitioner, v. John Foster Dulles et al.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the District of Columbia Circuit granted.
No. 403. Henry Ragonton Rabang, petitioner, v. John F. Boyd,
District Director, Immigration and Naturalization Service. Petition
for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the
Ninth Circuit granted and case transferred to the summary calendar.
No. 422. Office Employes International Union, Local No. 11, AFL-
CIO, petitioner, v. National Labor Relations Board. Petition for
writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the
District of Columbia Circuit granted and case transferred to the
summary calendar.
No. 415. Mitsugi Nishikawa, petitioner, v. John Foster Dulles, Sec-
retary of State. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit granted. Case transferred to
the summary calendar and assigned for argument immediately follow-
ing No. 318, Misc.
No. 12, Misc. Alfonse Bartkus, petitioner, v. People of the State of
Illinois. On petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of
Illinois;
No. 61, Misc. William Hoag, petitioner, v. The State of New Jersey.
On petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of New Jersey;
and
No. 80, Misc. Lovander Ladner, petitioner, v. United States of
America. On petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court

TUESDAY, NOVEMBER 13, 1956
81
of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit. The motions for leave to proceed
in forma pauperis and the petitions for writs of certiorari are severally
granted and the cases are transferred to the appellate docket. One
hour and a half is allowed for argument in each case. Mr. Justice
Brennan took no part in the consideration or decision of these appli-
cations.
No. 29, Misc. Willie B. Moore, petitioner, v. State of Michigan.
Motion for leave to proceed in forma pauperis and petition for writ
of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Michigan granted. Case trans-
ferred to the appellate docket and placed on the summary calendar.
No. 125, Misc. Stefena Brown, petitioner, v. United States of Amer-
ica. Motion for leave to proceed in forma pauperis and petition for
writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the Sixth
Circuit granted. Case transferred to the appellate docket and placed
on the summary calendar.
No. 81, Misc. Leon F. Carroll and Daniel J. Stewart, petitioners, v.
United States of America. Motion for leave to proceed in forma
pauperis granted. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia Circuit granted limited
to question I presented by the petition for the writ which reads as
follows:
"I. Does the United States of America have the right to appeal from
an order of the United States District Court for the District of Colum-
bia suppressing evidence in a criminal case where the motion to sup-
press and the order are filed and entered after the indictment and prior
to trial?" The case is transferred to the appellate docket and placed
on the summary calendar.
No. 318, Misc. Clemente Martinez Perez, petitioner, v. Herbert
Brownell, Jr., Attorney General of the United States. Motion to dis-
pense with printing of the petition granted. Petition for writ of
certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit
granted. Case transferred to the appellate docket and placed on the
summary calendar.
No. 347. Arthur E. Summerfield, Postmaster General, et al., peti-
tioners, v. Tourlanes Publishing Company, and Roy A. Oakley, et al.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the District of Columbia Circuit denied.
No. 397. International Union, United Automobile, Aircraft & Agri-
cultural Implement Workers of America, CIO, petitioner v. National
Labor Relations Board. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United
States Court of Appeals for the Seventh Circuit denied.

TUESDAY, NOVEMBER 13, 1956
88
82
No. 398. Louis R. Del Vecchio, Jr., petitioner, v. The Pennsylvania
Railroad Company. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United
States Court of Appeals for the Third Circuit denied.
No. 405. Frank Mekolichick, Jr., and David Charles Wenner, peti-
tioners, v. United States of America. Petition for writ of certiorari
to the United States Court of Appeals for the Third Circuit denied.
No. 406. District of Columbia, petitioner, v. The Washington Post
Company and Washington Times-Herald, Inc. Petition for writ of
certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the District of
Columbia Circuit denied.
No. 410. Anne M. Evans, petitioner, v. Commissioner of Internal
Revenue. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court
of Appeals for the Eight Circuit denied.
No. 411. Thomas T. Keane, petitioner, v. The American Insurance
Company of the City of Newark, New Jersey, a Corporation. Peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for
the District of Columbia Circuit denied.
No. 412. Louis C. Smith, petitioner, v. United States of America.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the Eighth Circuit denied.
No. 414. International Brotherhood of Boilermakers, Iron Ship
Builders and Helpers of America, A. F. L., District No. 2, petitioner,
v. National Labor Relations Board. Petition for writ of certiorari
to the United States Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit denied.
No. 416. James G. Nash, petitioner, v. Margaret B. Nash. Petition
for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the
Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 417. James J. Moran, petitioner, v. United States of America.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the Second Circuit denied.
No. 418. Cities Service Gas Producing Company, petitioner, v.
Federal Power Commission. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
United States Court of Appeals for the Tenth Circuit denied.
No. 420. Pacific National Fire Insurance Company, a Corporation,
petitioner, v. J. J. Mickelson, Trustee in Bankruptcy of the Estate of
Wirt Cook, et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Court of Appeals for the Eighth Circuit denied.
No. 421. Kokomo Paper Handlers' Union No. 34, et al., petitioners,
v. Cuneo Press, Inc. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United
States Court of Appeals for the Seventh Circuit denied.

TUESDAY, NOVEMBER 13, 1956
83
No. 425. Angus M. MacNeil, petitioner, v. United States of Amer-
ica. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Ap-
peals for the First Circuit denied.
No. 352. Samuel H. Sheppard, petitioner, v. The State of Ohio.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Ohio denied.
Mr. Justice Frankfurter has filed a memorandum in this case. Mr.
Justice Burton took no part in the consideration or decision of this
application.
No. 150. Colgate-Palmolive Company et al., petitioners, v. Carter
Products, Inc., et al.;
No. 275. Vanity Fair Mills, Inc., petitioner, v. The T. Eaton Co.
Limited, et al.;
No. 290. Gilbert Grable, Louise Grable, Trustees, et al., petitioners,
v. Floyd Burns and Laura B. Burns, et al.;
No. 120, Misc. In the Matter of Edmond C. Fletcher, petitioner;
and
No. 148, Misc. John E. Day, Jr., petitioner, v. Col. James W. Davis,
Commandant, U. S. Disciplinary Barracks, Ft. Leavenworth, Kansas.
Petitions for rehearing denied. Mr. Justice Brennan took no part in
the consideration or decision of these applications.
No. 235, October Term, 1955. Fairmont Aluminum Company, peti-
tioner, v. Commissioner of Internal Revenue. Motion for leave to file
second petition for rehearing denied. Mr. Justice Brennan took no
part in the consideration or decision of this motion.
No. 4, Misc. Walter E. Hunt, petitioner, v. People of the State of
Illinois. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of
Illinois denied.
No. 101, Misc. Francis J. Curran, Francis J. Maguire and Ira F.
Jones, Jr., petitioners, v. State of Delaware. Petition for writ of
certiorari to the Supreme Court of Delaware denied.
No. 319, Misc. Billy Joe Houston, petitioner, v. The State of Texas.
Motion for leave to file petition for writ of error coram nobis denied.
ORDER
The Court will take a recess from Monday, November 19, until
Monday, December 3, next.

TUESDAY, NOVEMBER 13, 1956
84
No. 37. Allen I. Nilva, petitioner, v. United States of America.
Argument continued by Mr. Richard J. Blanchard for the respondent
and concluded by Mr. Eugene Gressman for the petitioner.
No. 43. Herbert Brownell, Jr., Attorney General of the United
States, petitioner, v. Tom We Shung. Argued by Mr. Oscar H. Davis
for the petitioner and by Mr. Andrew Reiner for the respondent.
No. 34. Charles Rowoldt, petitioner, v. J. D. Perfetto, Acting Officer
in Charge, Immigration and Naturalization Service, Department of
Justice, St. Paul, Minnesota. Argument commenced by Mr. David
Rein for the petitioner and continued by Mr. Carl H. Imlay for the
respondent.
Adjourned until tomorrow at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Wednesday, November 14, will be as follows: Nos.
34, 40, 57, and 3.
Х

WEDNESDAY, NOVEMBER 14, 1956
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: Mr. Chief Justice Warren, Mr. Justice Black, Mr. Justice
Reed, Mr. Justice Frankfurter, Mr. Justice Douglas, Mr. Justice Bur-
ton, Mr. Justice Clark, Mr. Justice Harlan, and Mr. Justice Brennan.
Conrad J. Moss, of Los Angeles, Calif., on motion of Mr. Arnold
Raum; Samuel J. Loewenstein, of New York, N. Y., on motion of
Mr. Robert B. Dawkins; Joseph D. Black, of New York, N. Y., on
motion of Mr. Roland A. Linger; Keene Saxon, of Topeka, Kans., on
motion of Mr. James W. Booth; William H. Lumpkin, of Centre,
Ala., on motion of Mr. Milton Harman Parrott; Harold J. Birch,
of Washington, D. C., on motion of Mr. James P. Burns; John N.
Stull, of New York, N. Y., on motion of Mr. Charles Keating Rice;
George Kempf Schubert, of Philadelphia, Pa., on motion of Mr. John
P. Bracken; William H. Stieglitz, of New York, N. Y., and Victor
Fiddler, of New York, N. Y., on motion of Mr. William B. Wright;
and Edward Rosen, of Poughkeepsie, N. Y., on motion of Mr. Ralph
E. Becker, were admitted to practice.
No. 34. Charles Rowoldt, petitioner, v. J. D. Perfetto, Acting
Officer in Charge, Immigration and Naturalization Service, Depart-
ment of Justice, St. Paul, Minnesota. Argument concluded by Mr.
Carl H. Imlay for the respondent.
No. 40. Amalgamated Meat Cutters & Butcher Workmen of North
America, AFL-CIO, etc., petitioner, v. National Labor Relations
Board and Lannom Manufacturing Company. Argued by Mr. Har-
old I. Cammer for the petitioner and by Mr. Theophil C. Kammholz
for the respondent, National Labor Relations Board, and by Mr.
Judson Harwood for the respondent, Lannom Manufacturing Com-
pany.
No. 57. Boyd Leedom et al., as Members of the National Labor
Relations Board, petitioners, v. International Union of Mine, Mill
and Smelter Workers. Argued by Mr. Theophil C. Kammholz for
the petitioners and by Mr. Nathan Witt for the respondent.
400278-56-20
85
95

WEDNESDAY, NOVEMBER 14, 1956
86
No. 3. United States of America, appellant, v. E. I. du Pont de
Nemours and Company et al. Argument commenced by Mr. John
F. Davis for the appellant.
Adjourned until tomorrow at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Thursday, November 15, will be as follows: No. 3.
☑

THURSDAY, NOVEMBER 15, 1956
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
87
Present: Mr. Chief Justice Warren, Mr. Justice Black, Mr. Justice
Reed, Mr. Justice Frankfurter, Mr. Justice Douglas, Mr. Justice Bur-
ton, Mr. Justice Clark, Mr. Justice Harlan, and Mr. Justice Brennan.
Charles Richard Hillman, of Jacksonville, Fla., on motion of Mr.
William C. Hamilton, Jr.; Norman W. Polovoy, of Baltimore, Md., on
motion of Mr. Jules Fink; Thomas Winn Isbell, Jr., of Washington,
D. C., on motion of Mr. William F. Fadler, Jr.; Stephen Pace, Jr.,
of Americus, Ga., on motion of Mr. John P. Moore; Francisco Castro-
Amy, of San Juan, P. R., on motion of Mr. Milton K. Eckert; John
Henry A. Martiny, of Allegany, N. Y., on motion of Mr. Charles E.
Eckert; Paul H. Adema, of Buffalo, N. Y., on motion of Mr. Almon
S. Nelson; William C. Raines, of New York, N. Y., on motion of Mr.
James T. Wright; Blake G. Arata, of New Orleans, La., on motion
of Mr. Edward N. Logan; and Wallace R. Steffen, of Cleveland, Ohio,
on motion of Mr. Charles A. Webb, were admitted to practice.
No. 3. United States of America, appellant, v. E. I. du Pont de
Nemours and Company et al. Argument continued by Mr. John F.
Davis for the appellant and concluded by Mr. Hugh B. Cox for the
appellee, E. I. du Pont de Nemours and Company, and by Mr. Robert
L. Stern for the appellee, General Motors Corporation.
Adjourned until Monday, November 19, next, at 12 o'clock.
Х
400278-56-21

MONDAY, NOVEMBER 19, 1956
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
88
Present: Mr. Chief Justice Warren, Mr. Justice Black, Mr. Justice
Reed, Mr. Justice Frankfurter, Mr. Justice Douglas, Mr. Justice
Burton, Mr. Justice Clark, Mr. Justice Harlan, and Mr. Justice
Brennan.
Charles H. Hoens, Jr., of Elizabeth, N. J., Roger V. Dickeson, of
Lincoln, Nebr., Jerome D. Schwitzer, of Newark, N. J., and Noel
Hemmendinger, of Washington, D. C., on motion of Mr. Solicitor
General James Lee Rankin; Frank S. Balthis, of Los Angeles, Calif.,
on motion of Mr. Victor R. Hansen; Philip M. Traynor, of Char-
lottesville, Va., on motion of Mr. William C. Hamilton, Jr.; Edmon
Loftin Rinehart, of Montgomery, Ala., MacDonald Gallion, of Mont-
gomery, Ala., Robert G. Kilgore, Jr., of Montgomery, Ala., and
James Noel Baker, of Montgomery, Ala., on motion of Mr. William
Calvin Hill; Paul Robert Sand, of Upper Darby, Pa., on motion of
Mr. Raymond R. Start; John Wishart Campbell, of Lumberton, N. C.,
on motion of Mr. Robert L. Irwin; Kenneth T. Johnson, of James-
town, N. Y., on motion of Mr. George L. Powell; Scott W. Cleave, Jr.,
of Decatur, Ill., on motion of Mr. George S. Ward; William Meredith
Holland, Sr., of West Palm Beach, Fla., and James C. Collier, of
Orlando, Fla., on motion of Mr. De Long Harris; Frederick L. Hilger,
of Eureka, Calif., on motion of Mr. John J. Courtney; John G.
Kuniholm, of Wilmington, Del., on motion of Mr. William John
Risteau; Martin Stone, of Los Angeles, Calif., on motion of Mr.
John Stephan Nolan'; Jesse Jerold Middleton, of Mount Vernon, Ill.,
on motion of Mr. L. Dan Jones; William E. Parker, of Rockland,
Maine, on motion of Mr. Charles M. Munnecke; Irving L. Chasen, of
Washington, D. C., on motion of Mr. Samuel Brian Groner; Richard
W. Shaughnessy, of Sullivan, Ind., on motion of Mr. Jerome Harvey
Simonds; Walter S. Weiss, of Newark, N. J., Irving U. Young, of
Newark, N. J., Anthony Michael Zoppi, of Newark, N. J., Anton A.
Vit, Jr., of Hillside, N. J., Louis Ort, of Newark, N. J., Richard B.
Magner, of Linden, N. J., Sam J. Abraham, of Linden, N. J., Louis J.
Venezio, of Elizabeth, N. J., W. Eugene San Filippo, of Newark, N. J.,
Henry Sant'Ambrogio, of Bloomfield, N. J., George A. Vaccaro, of
Paramus, N. J., Daniel F. Gilmore, of Harrison, N. J., Maurice Rosen-
stein, of Newark, N. J., Alvin M. Panzer, of Newark, N. J., David J.
Breitkopf, of Newark, N. J., Steven Wise, of Newark, N. J., Irwin J.
Silverlight, of Westfield, N. J., Joseph H. Indick, of Elizabeth, N. J.,
Rocco Anthony Marucci, of Orange, N. J., Emanuel Gersten, of
400278-56-22

MONDAY, NOVEMBER 19, 1956
89
Hillside, N. J., Bertram J. Glassner, of Newark, N. J., Seymour Rosen-
bloom, of Union, N. J., Don A. Cetrulo, of Bloomfield, N. J., Thomas
E. Fitzgerald, of Asbury Park, N. J., and William O. Barnes, Jr., of
South Orange, N. J., on motion of Mr. Aristo Dallavalle, were
admitted to practice.
No. 17. The United States, petitioner, v. Alfred C. Bergh et al. On
writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Claims. Judgment.
reversed and case remanded for proceedings in conformity with the
opinion of this Court. Opinion by Mr. Justice Clark. Dissenting
opinion by Mr. Justice Burton in which Mr. Justice Black and Mr.
Justice Frankfurter concur. Mr. Justice Brennan took no part in the
consideration or decision of this case.
No. 24. Herbert Brownell, Jr., Attorney General of the United
States, as Successor to the Alien Property Custodian, petitioner, v.
The Chase National Bank of the City of New York, as Trustee Under
Indenture, etc., et al. On writ of certiorari to the Appellate Division
of the Supreme Court of New York, First Department. Judgment of
Appellate Division of the Supreme Court of New York, First Depart-
ment, affirmed. Opinion by Mr. Justice Douglas. Mr. Justice Clark
and Mr. Justice Harlan took no part in the consideration or decision
of this case.
The Chief Justice said:
"The orders of the Court appear upon the list certified by the Chief
Justice and filed with the Clerk and will not be announced orally.”
No. 5. Raphael Konigsberg, petitioner, v. The State Bar of Cali-
fornia and the Committee of Bar Examiners of the State Bar of Cali-
fornia. The motions for leave to file briefs of National Lawyers Guild
and American Civil Liberties Union, Southern California Branch, as
amici curiae, are granted.
No. 408. Pan-Atlantic Steamship Corporation, appellant, v. Atlan-
tic Coast Line Railroad Company et al. Appeal from the United
States District Court for the District of Massachusetts. In this case.
probable jurisdiction is noted and case transferred to the summary
calendar.
No. 424. Interstate Commerce Commission, appellant, v. Atlantic
Coast Line Railroad Company et al. Appeal from the United States
District Court for the District of Massachusetts. In this case proba-
ble jurisdiction is noted and case transferred to the summary calendar
and assigned for argument immediately following No. 408.
No. 213, Misc. Virginia Lambert, appellant, v. The People of the
State of California. Appeal from the Appellate Department of the

MONDAY, NOVEMBER 19, 1956
90
Superior Court of California, in and for the County of Los Angeles.
Motion for leave to proceed in forma pauperis granted. In this case
probable jurisdiction is noted and the case transferred to the appellate
docket.
No. 427. International Union, United Automobile, Aircraft and
Agricultural Implement Workers of America (UAW-CIO), etc.,
et al., petitioners, v. Paul S. Russell. Petition for writ of certiorari
to the Supreme Court of Alabama granted.
No. 445. Lake Tankers Corporation, petitioner, v. Lillian M. Henn,
Administratrix. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit granted.
No. 72. John M. Lehmann, Officer in Charge Immigration and
Naturalization Service, petitioner, v. United States of America, ex rel.
Bruno Carson or Bruno Carasaniti. Petition for writ of certiorari to
the United States Court of Appeals for the Sixth Circuit granted and
case transferred to the summary calendar.
No. 435. John F. Mulcahey, District Director of Immigration and
Naturalization Service, Detroit District, petitioner, v. Guiseppe Cata-
lanotte. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of
Appeals for the Sixth Circuit granted and case transferred to the
summary calendar and assigned for argument immediately following No. 72.
No. 172, Misc. Everett D. Green, petitioner, v. United States of
America. Motion for leave to proceed in forma pauperis and the
petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the District of Columbia Circuit granted. The case is transferred
to the appellate docket.
No. 393. George Bernstein et al., petitioners, v. United States of
America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court
of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 409. Mississippi River Fuel Corporation and Murphy Con-
poration, petitioners, v. Rufus W. Fontenot, Collector of Revenue,
State of Louisiana. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United
States Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 428. Komnenus M. Soukaras, petitioner, v. The United States.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Claims
denied.
No. 430. Sam Achilli, petitioner, v. United States of America.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the Seventh Circuit denied.

MONDAY, NOVEMBER 19, 1956
91
No. 431. Cone Brothers Contracting Company, a Corporation, peti-
tioner, v. National Labor Relations Board. Petition for writ of cer-
tiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit
denied.
No. 434. Liberty Mutual Insurance Company, a Corporation, and
Westinghouse Electric Corporation, petitioners, v. Theodore Britton,
Deputy Commissioner, United States Employees' Compensation
Commission, and Walter W. Hardy. Petition for writ of certiorari
to the United States Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia
Circuit denied.
No. 436. James Richard Bowden, petitioner, v. Commissioner of
Internal Revenue. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 437. Carl Drath, t/a Broadway Gift Company, petitioner, v.
Federal Trade Commission. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
United State Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia Circuit
denied.
No. 439. Irene Smith Cliett et vir., petitioners, v. Jeff Scott et al.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 440. John H. Odenbach, and 44.00 Acres of Land, more or less,
Situate in the Town of Greece, County of Monroe, State of New York,
petitioners, v. United States of America. Petition for writ of cer-
tiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit
denied.
No. 441. The Choctaw and Chickasaw Nations, petitioners, v.
Wilmer D. Seay et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United
States Court of Appeals for the Tenth Circuit denied.
No. 442. Twentieth Century-Fox Film Corporation, a Corporation,
petitioner, v. United States of America. Petition for writ of cer-
tiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit
denied.
No. 444. Tatko Brothers Slate Co., Inc., petitioner, v. Vermont
Structural Slate Co., Inc. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United
States Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit denied.
No. 450. The Item Company, petitioner, v. National Labor Rela-
tions Board. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 392. Union Properties, Inc., petitioner, v. Frank M. Brennan,
Successor Treasurer of Cuyahoga County, Ohio, et al. Petition for
writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the Sixth
Circuit denied. Mr. Justice Burton took no part in the consideration
or decision of this application.

MONDAY, NOVEMBER 19, 1956
92
No. 429. Charles Cahan, petitioner, v. The People of the State of
California et al. Motion to dispense with printing of the petition
granted. Petition for writ of certiorari to the District Court of Ap-
peal of California, Second Appellate District, denied.
No. 443. Harley A. Seybold et al., petitioners, v. Western Electric
Company et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Court of Appeals for the Seventh Circuit denied. Mr. Justice Harlan
took no part in the consideration or decision of this application.
No. 119. Helen G. Seitz and Arthur MacGregor Seitz, III., etc.,
et al., petitioners, v. John E. Toolan et al.;
No. 155. Jacob L. Kleinman, petitioner, v. Paul Kobler, Doing
Business as Kobler Shaving Co.;
No. 243. George E. Shibley, petitioner, v. United States of America;
No. 311. A A A Dental Laboratories, Inc., etc., et al., appellants, v.
The People of the State of Illinois, ex rel. Chicago Dental Society, etc.,
et al.;
No. 322. George E. Shibley, petitioner, v. United States of America;
No. 35, Misc. Bernard M. Shotkin, petitioner, v. City of Miami
Beach, Florida;
No. 102, Misc. William A. Wetzel, appellant, v. Marvin Wiggins,
Superintendent of the Mississippi State Penitentiary, et al.; and
No. 176, Misc. S. Leon Levy, petitioner, v. W. Ney Evans and John
R. Franklin. Petitions for rehearing denied. Mr. Justice Brennan
took no part in the consideration or decision of these applications.
No. 98. Panhandle Eastern Pipe Line Company, petitioner, v. City
of Detroit, Michigan, and County of Wayne, Michigan. Motions for
leave to file briefs of Independent Natural Gas Association of America,
Southern Natural Gas Company, H. E. Sears and A. E. Herrmann
Corporation, Northern Natural Gas Company, Cities Service Gas
Company and Cities Service Gas Producing Company, and Colorado
Interstate Gas Company and Olin Gas Transmission Corporation, as
amici curiae, denied. Petition for rehearing denied. Mr. Justice
Brennan took no part in the consideration or decision of these motions
or this application.
No. 216, Misc. Mrs. Nita Bergeron Deitz, Individually and as Nat-
ural Tutrix of Her Minor Children, Burce Clinton Deitz, Jr., and
Hilda Clinton Deitz, petitioner, v. The Greyhound Corporation. Peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for
the Fifth Circuit denied.

MONDAY, NOVEMBER 19, 1956
Adjourned until Monday, December 3, next, at 12 o'clock.
93
The day call for Monday, December 3, will be as follows: Nos. 38,
42, 44, 45, and 47.

MONDAY, DECEMBER 3, 1956
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
94
Present: Mr. Chief Justice Warren, Mr. Justice Black, Mr. Justice
Reed, Mr. Justice Frankfurter, Mr. Justice Douglas, Mr. Justice Bur-
ton, Mr. Justice Clark, Mr. Justice Harlan, and Mr. Justice Brennan.
James W. Knapp, of Chevy Chase, Md., Henry Putzel, Jr., of
Washington, D. C., Warren R. Wise, of Lincoln, Nebr., and Frank
Bidwell Durkee, of Sacramento, Calif., on motion of Mr. Solicitor
General James Lee Rankin; F. P. Fitzsimmons, of Little Rock, Ark.,
on motion of Mr. E. C. Gathings; Norman P. Ramsey, of Baltimore,
Md., Stedman Prescott, Jr., of Chevy Chase, Md., and James H. Nor-
ris, Jr., of Baltimore, Md., on motion of Mr. C. Ferdinand Sybert;
John Ashbury Brant, of San Diego, Calif., on motion of Mr. Barron K.
Grier; Harvey Dickerson, of Carson City, Nev., and John
Michael Barry, of Sparks, Nev., on motion of Mr. Prentice E. Edring-
ton; Robert J. Rafferty, of Chicago, Ill., Robert S. Kirby, of Chicago,
Ill., and William Frederick Bunn, of Chicago, Ill., on motion of Mr.
Herbert J. Deany; Vernon P. Spencer, of Inglewood, Calif., on mo-
tion of Mr. Robert F. Klepinger; Frank Seydel, of Denver, Colo., on
motion of Mr. John W. Gwynne; Charles Hawes Northrup, of Spring-
field, Ill., on motion of Mr. Donald R. Simpson; J. Leonard Schermer,
of St. Louis, Mo., on motion of Mr. Walter Freedman; Lucien F.
Marion, of Seattle, Wash., on motion of Mr. Burroughs Brogan Ander-
son; William A. Wilson, of New York, N. Y., on motion of Mr.
Thomas F. McGovern; Lewis D. Lawrence, of Los Angeles, Calif.,
on motion of Mr. Noble J. Allen, Jr.; Winchester Kelso, of San
Antonio, Tex., on motion of Mr. Winchester Kelso, Jr.; Daniel Yee
Garbern, of El Paso, Tex., on motion of Mr. Arthur C. Perry; Roy H.
Adams, of Dallas, Tex., on motion of Mr. Lawrence P. Hansen; Rich-
ard C. Dinkelspiel, of San Francisco, Calif., on motion of Mr. Fred-
erick R. Gibbs; and Wm. H. Ferguson, of Seattle, Wash., on motion
of Mr. James R. Browning, were admitted to practice.
No. 25. Max Putnam and Elizabeth Putman, petitioners, v. Com-
missioner of Internal Revenue. On writ of certiorari to the United
States Court of Appeals for the Eighth Circuit. Judgment of Court
of Appeals affirmed. Opinion by Mr. Justice Brennan. Dissenting
opinion by Mr. Justice Harlan.
400278-56-23

MONDAY, DECEMBER 3, 1956
95
No. 18. The United States, petitioner, v. The Western Pacific Rail-
road Company et al. On writ of certiorari to the United States Court
of Claims. Judgment reversed and case remanded to the Court of
Claims for further proceedings not inconsistent with the opinion of
this Court. Opinion by Mr. Justice Harlan. Dissenting: Mr. Jus-
tice Douglas. Mr. Justice Reed and Mr. Justice Brennan took no
part in the consideration or decision of this case.
No. 19. United States of America, petitioner, v. The Chesapeake &
Ohio Railway Company. On writ of certiorari to the United States
Court of Appeals for the Fourth Circuit. Judgment reversed and
case remanded to the Court of Appeals for further proceedings not
inconsistent with the opinion of this Court and with the opinion of
this Court in United States v. Western Pacific R. Co. decided this day.
Opinion by Mr. Justice Harlan. Dissenting: Mr. Justice Douglas.
Mr. Justice Reed and Mr. Justice Brennan took no part in the con-
sideration or decision of this case.
The Chief Justice said:
"The orders of the Court appear upon the list certified by the Chief
Justice and filed with the Clerk and will not be announced orally."
No. 400. Samuel Bobbins, appellant, v. The State of New Jersey.
Appeal from the Supreme Court of New Jersey. Per Curiam: The
motion to dispense with printing the statement as to jurisdiction is
granted. The motion to dismiss is granted and the appeal is dis-
missed for want of a substantial federal question. Mr. Justice Bren-
nan took no part in the consideration or decision of this case.
No. 469. Gates Kidd et al., appellants, v. George F. McCanless,
Attorney General. Appeal from the Supreme Court of Tennessee,
Middle District. Per Curiam: The motion to dismiss is granted and
the appeal is dismissed. Colegrove v. Green, 328 U. S. 549; Anderson
v. Jordan, 343 U. S. 912.
No. 473. Paul W. Heisey, appellant, v. County of Alameda et al.
Appeal from the Supreme Court of California. Per Curiam: The
appeal is dismissed for want of a substantial federal question. Mr.
Justice Black and Mr. Justice Frankfurter dissent. The Chief Jus-
tice took no part in the consideration or decision of this case.
No. 474. A. W. Horton, John C. Fryer, and Camarge Trading Com-
pany, Incorporated, appellants, v. George M. Humphrey, Secretary
of the Treasury, and the United States Tariff Commission. Appeal
from the United States District Court for the District of Columbia.
Per Curiam: The motion to affirm is granted and the judgment is
affirmed.

No. 250, Misc.
ginia, etc., et al.
MONDAY, DECEMBER 3, 1956
96
Samuel Kelley, appellant, v. Commonwealth of Vir-
Appeal from the Supreme Court of Appeals of Vir-
ginia. Per Curiam: The appeal is dismissed for want of a substan-
tial federal question.
No. 251, Misc. Leslie Thompson, appellant, v. Lillian Heither,
Edmund Bailey, George F. Boos, et al. Appeal from the United
States Court of Appeals for the Sixth Circuit. Per Curiam: The
appeal is dismissed.
No. 11, Original. United States of America, plaintiff, v. State of
Louisiana. The Solicitor General is allowed 10 days within which to
file a reply to the answer filed by the State of Louisiana. The Chief
Justice took no part in the consideration or decision of this question.
No. 16. Alfred E. Butler, appellant, v. State of Michigan. The
motion of David S. Alberts for leave to file petition to intervene, or in
the alternative, for consolidation of this case with Alberts v. Cali-
fornia, No. 61, October Term, 1956, is denied. The movant is granted
leave to file a further memorandum in No. 61.
No. 419. Schaffer Transportation Company and American Truck-
ing Associations, Inc., appellants, v. United States of America and
Interstate Commerce Commission, et al. Appeal from the United
States District Court for the Northern District of South Dakota. In
this case probable jurisdiction is noted. Oral argument will be
limited to 45 minutes a side.
No. 447. Public Utilities Commission of the State of California,
appellant, v. United States of America. Appeal from the United
States District Court for the Northern District of Colifornia. In this
case probable jurisdiction is noted.
No. 475. Lloyd Morey, Auditor of Public Accounts of the State of
Illinois, et al., appellants, v. George W. Doud et al., Doing Business as
Bondified Systems, et al. Appeal from the United States District
Court for the Northern District of Illinois. In this case probable
jurisdiction is noted.
No. 478. West Point Wholesale Grocery Company, appellant, v.
The City of Opelika, Alabama. Appeal from the Court of Appeals
of Alabama. In this case probable jurisdiction is noted and the case
is transferred to the summary calendar.
No. 426. Jesse Blackburn, petitioner, v. State of Alabama. Peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals of Alabama granted.

MONDAY, DECEMBER 3, 1956
97
No. 466. Securities and Exchange Commission, petitioner, v. Lou-
isiana Public Service Commission et al. Petition for writ of certiorari
to the United States Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit granted.
No. 314, Misc. Lulu B. McGee, petitioner, v. International Life In-
surance Company. Motion for leave to proceed in forma pauperis and
petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Civil Appeals of Texas,
First Supreme Judicial District, granted. The case is transferred to
the appellate docket. The Chief Justice took no part in the considera-
tion or decision of this application.
No. 446. Creighton Stationery Company and Guarantee Insurance
Company, petitioners, v. Industrial Accident Commission of the State
of California and Sadie Ima Sutton. Petition for writ of certiorari
to the Supreme Court of California denied.
No. 448. Shell Oil Company, petitioner, v. James P. Sullivan and
Herman R. Engberson. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United
States Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit denied.
No. 449. District of Columbia, petitioner, v. Venstone Stone. Peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for
the District of Columbia Circuit denied.
No. 451. O. C. Rawdon, as President of the Board of Trustees,
Mansfield Independent School District, et al., petitioners, v. Nathaniel
Jackson, a Minor, by his Father and Next Friend, W. D. Jackson, et
al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of
Appeals for the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 452. Joseph Sachs, Doing Business as Atlantic Liquor Whole-
salers, petitioner, v. Brown-Forman Distillers Corporation. Petition
for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the
Second Circuit denied.
No. 453. Gerard Rosenthal, petitioner, v. State of Tennessee. Peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Tennessee, Middle
District, denied.
No. 454. The Capital National Bank in Austin, Texas, et al., peti-
tioners, v. Virginia L. Looney, et vir., and Emma L. Baker. Petition
for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the
Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 455. Marine Terminals Corp., a Corporation, petitioner, v.
American President Lines, Ltd., a Corporation. Petition for writ
of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the Ninth
Circuit denied.
No. 456. Florence Alice Paquet, petitioner, v. United States of
America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court
of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit denied.

MONDAY, DECEMBER 3, 1956
98
No. 458. Ruth Lamar Lehman, petitioner, v. Commissioner of In-
ternal Revenue. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit denied.
No. 460. Harold S. Anderson, Jr., et al., Individually and as Co-
partners, Doing Business as H. S. Anderson Company, petitioners, v.
James P. Mitchell, Secretary of Labor, United States Department
of Labor. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court
of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit denied.
No. 461. Michael Glenn, a Minor, by and through his Guardian Ad
litem, Ida Mae Glenn, petitioner, v. United States of America. Peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for
the Ninth Circuit denied.
No. 470. Walther Dairy Products, the Borden Company, et al.,
petitioners, v. Kraft Foods Company. Petition for writ of certiorari
to the United States Court of Appeals for the Seventh Circuit denied.
No. 471. William R. Barker, petitioner, v. The United States.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Claims
denied.
No. 477. Phoenix Indemnity Company, Insurer, petitioner, v.
Lucien Lavoie, Employee. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
Superior Court of Massachusetts, Suffolk County, denied.
No. 479. Wilma Urch Colville, Executrix of the Last Will and
Testament of Charles J. Colville, Deceased, petitioner, v. Isabelle C.
Koch, Individually and as Administratrix of the Estate of Edward
Cebrian, Deceased. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United
States Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit denied.
No. 480. Gulf Coast Shrimpers and Oystermans Association, et al.,
petitioners, v. United States of America. Petition for writ of cer-
tiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit
denied.
No. 482. Stephen F. Heringer, Mabel H. Heringer, John F. Her-
inger, et al., petitioners, v. Commissioner of Internal Revenue. Peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for
the Ninth Circuit denied.
No. 483. Antonio Roig Sucrs. S. En C., petitioner, v. The Sugar
Board of Puerto Rico. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United
States Court of Appeals for the First Circuit denied.
No. 485. Harold L. Warner, petitioner, v. First National Bank of
Minneapolis. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Court of Appeals for the Eighth Circuit denied.
No. 486. Joseph P. Dunning, Ernest Bingham, O. Q. Gaines, et al.,
petitioners, v. The Q. O. Ordnance Corporation. Petition for writ
400278-56-24

MONDAY, DECEMBER 3, 1956
99
of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the Eighth
Circuit denied.
No. 488. John A. Rosenfeld, petitioner, v. United States of Amer-
ica. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of
Appeals for the Seventh Circuit denied.
No. 489. Van Curler Broadcasting Corporation, petitioner, v.
United States of America, Federal Communications Commission and
Hudson Valley Broadcasting Co., Inc. Petition for writ of certiorari
to the United States Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia
Circuit denied.
No. 490. Preston L. Watson, as Administrator of the Goods and
Chattels, Rights, and Credits, which were of Robert A. Watson, De-
ceased, petitioner, v. The United States. Petition for writ of certio-
rari to the United States Court of Claims denied.
No. 492. City and County of San Francisco, a Municipal Corpora-
tion, petitioner, v. National Distillers Products Corporation, a Corpo-
ration. Petition for writ of certiorari to the District Court of Appeal
of California, First Appellate District, denied.
No. 493. Harry Slatkin Builders, Inc., petitioner, v. Commissioner
of Internal Revenue. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United
States Court of Appeals for the Sixth Circuit denied.
No. 494. Marine Transport Lines, Inc., Marine Navigation Com-
pany, Inc., et al., petitioners, v. The United States. Petition for writ
of certiorari to the United States Court of Claims denied.
No. 497. Diesel Tanker A. C. Dodge, Inc., and Spentonbush Fuel
Transport Service, Inc., petitioners, v. J. M. Carras, Inc., et al. Peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for
the Second Circuit denied.
No. 498. Tallinna Laevaehisus (Tallinn Shipping Company), et al.,
petitioners, v. The United States. Petition for writ of certiorari to
the United States Court of Claims denied.
No. 499. Robert L. Holcomb, petitioner, v. The United States.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Claims
denied.
No. 500. J. M. Carras, Inc., petitioner, v. Diesel Tanker A. C.
Dodge, Inc., Owner of the Motor Vessel A. C. Dodge, et al. Petition
for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the
Second Circuit denied.
No. 504. Marie and Alex Manoogian Fund, d/b/a Metal Parts
Manufacturing Company, petitioner, v. United States of America.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the Sixth Circuit denied.

MONDAY, DECEMBER 3, 1956
100
No. 484. Eugene A. Taliaferro, petitioner, v. The Justice Court of
the San Pablo Judicial District, Wilson Locke, Judge. The motion to
dispense with printing of the petition is granted. Petition for writ of
certiorari to the District Court of Appeal of California, First Appel-
late District, denied.
No. 337. Arthur Parisette Clark, petitioner, v. United States of
America;
No. 339. Joe Gibson, petitioner, v. Phillips Petroleum Company;
and
No. 15, Misc. Oliver Snell, petitioner, v. Nathan Mayo, Custodian
of the Florida State Prison. Petitions for rehearing denied.
No. 115. J. S. Garlington, by Donald Garlington as next friend,
etc., et al., appellants, v. A. L. Wasson and Wife Martha Wasson and
N. H. Reed;
No. 182. Elgin, Joliet and Eastern Railway Company, petitioner,
v. Ruth Elaine Allendorf, as Special Administratrix of the Estate of
James Dale Allendorf, Deceased;
No. 246. John B. Monroe, George C. Prather, Roger W. Simkins,
et al., petitioners, v. United States of America;
No. 70, Misc. Charles Ellis Jackson, petitioner, v. Cline & Chambers
Coal Company, et al.;
No. 129, Misc. Mrs. Charlotte L. Worley, Admx., et al., petitioners,
v. Wm. Hoyt Elliott, Ross V. Dunn, Trustee, et al.; and
No. 131, Misc. Charles Edwin Krupowicz, petitioner, v. The State
of New York. Petitions for rehearing denied. Mr. Justice Brennan
took no part in the consideration or decision of these applications.
No. 259. Hiram Dwoskin, alias Hiram Dee, petitioner, v. State of
Nebraska. Motion to dispense with printing of the petition for re-
hearing granted. Petition for rehearing denied. Mr. Justice Bren-
nan took no part in the consideration or decision of this application.
No. 18, Misc. Otis Parsons, petitioner, v. O. B. Ellis, General Man-
ager, Texas Prison System, et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to
the Court of Criminal Appeals of Texas denied.
No. 48, Misc. Eliu Serrano, petitioner, v. Edward M. Fay, Warden,
Green Haven Prison, Stormville, New York. Petition for writ of
certiorari to the Appellate Division of the Supreme Court of New
York, First Judicial Department, denied.
No. 105, Misc. Conrad Walter, petitioner, v. State of Michigan.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Michigan
denied.

MONDAY, DECEMBER 3, 1956
101
No. 123, Misc. Robert Ballerstedt, petitioner, v. United States of
America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court
of Appeals for the Third Circuit denied.
No. 167, Misc. Richard Cook, petitioner, v. Nathan Mayo, Cus-
todian, Florida State Prison. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
Supreme Court of Florida denied.
No. 174, Misc. Roy James Pitts, petitioner, v. Elbert V. Nash,
Warden, Missouri State Penitentiary. Petition for writ of certiorari
to the Supreme Court of Missouri denied.
No. 224, Misc. Martin Wagner, petitioner, v. H. V. Higley, Indi-
vidually and as Administrator of Veterans' Affairs, et al. Petition
for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the
District of Columbia Circuit denied.
No. 229, Misc. Roland Hall, petitioner, v. United States of Amer-
ica. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of
Appeals for the District of Columbia Circuit denied.
No. 230, Misc. Allen Pearson, petitioner, v. United States of Amer-
ica. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of
Appeals for the District of Columbia Circuit denied.
No. 245, Misc. Sam McHoney, Herbert Dunmeyer, John Smith,
et al., petitioners, v. Marine Navigation Co., Inc. Petition for writ of
certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the Fourth Circuit
denied.
No. 248, Misc. Dominic Allocco, petitioner, v. United States of
America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of
Appeals for the Second Circuit denied.
No. 255, Misc. Louis E. Hughes and Tecumseh Stewart, petitioners,
v. The State of Michigan. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Su-
preme Court of Michigan denied.
No. 256, Misc. Earl Leo, petitioner, v. Ross V. Randolph, Warden.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of Randolph
County, Illinois, denied.
No. 257, Misc. William F. Scott, petitioner, v. E. V. Nash, Warden.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Missouri
denied.
No. 259, Misc. In re William Adolph Lempia, petitioner. Peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the
Ninth Circuit denied.
No. 260, Misc. Lawrence A. Trumblay, petitioner, v. United States
of America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court
of Appeals for the Seventh Circuit denied.

ん
MONDAY, DECEMBER 3, 1956
102
No. 261, Misc. Horace Jones, petitioner, v. George A. Cummings,
Warden, Connecticut State Prison. Petition for writ of certiorari to
the Superior Court of Hartford County, Connecticut, denied.
No. 262, Misc. Kenneth Baker, petitioner, v. State of Missouri.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the St. Louis Court of Appeals, Mis-
souri, denied.
No. 263, Misc. James Clyde Meeks, petitioner, v. P. A. Lainson,
Warden. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court
of Appeals for the Eighth Circuit denied.
No. 264, Misc. Elmer Burke, petitioner, v. People of the State of
New York. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals of
New York denied.
No. 266, Misc. Nauldon Belina, petitioner, v. State of Mississippi.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Mississippi
denied.
No. 267, Misc. Floyd Smith, petitioner, v. The People of the State
of Illinois. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of Ed-
gar County, Illinois, denied.
No. 272, Misc. Peter J. Tomaselli, petitioner, v. State of Maryland.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals of Maryland
denied.
No. 274, Misc. Bennie Brookins, petitioner, v. State of California.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of California
denied.
No. 276, Misc. Clarence Mahurin, petitioner, v. Elbert V. Nash,
Warden, Missouri State Prison, Henry G. Morris, etc. Petition for
writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the Eighth
Circuit denied.
No. 277, Misc. Ethel Gates, petitioner, v. Manuel Dorame. Peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the Appellate Department of the Superior
Court of California, in and for Los Angeles County, denied.
No. 279, Misc. Francis X. Ballem, petitioner, v. Commonwealth of
Pennsylvania. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court
of Pennsylvania, Eastern District, denied.
No. 283, Misc. William Paul Lee, petitioner, v. Merle E. Schneck-
loth, as Superintendent of the Washington State Penitentiry. Petition
for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Washington denied.
286 No. 268, Misc. In re William Ray Yantz, petitioner. Petition for
writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals of Maryland denied.
No. 288, Misc. Robert Byrd, petitioner, v. Vernon L. Pepersack,
Warden, Maryland State Penitentiary. Petition for writ of certiorari
to the Court of Appeals of Maryland denied.

MONDAY, DECEMBER 3, 1956
103
No. 291, Misc. C. B. Jones, petitioner, v. The State of Mississippi.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Mississippi
denied.
No. 292, Misc. Theldor Lang, petitioner, v. The State of Mississippi,
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Mississippi
denied.
No. 293, Misc. Rollie Laster, petitioner, v. State of Missouri. Peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Missouri denied.
No. 296, Misc. Nicholas Mysholowsky, petitioner, v. The People of
the State of New York. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Appellate
Division of the Supreme Court of New York, Second Judicial Depart-
ment, denied.
No. 298, Misc. John Collins, petitioner, v. Robert A. Heinze,
Warden, et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court
of California denied.
No. 299, Misc. John A. Sadowy, petitioner, v. The People of the
State of New York. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Appellate
Division of the Supreme Court of New York, Second Judicial Depart-
ment, denied.
No. 300, Misc. S. Roberts, petitioner, v. The Western Pacific Rail-
road Company. Petition for writ of certiorari to the District Court
of Appeal of California, First Appellate District, denied.
No. 301, Misc. In the Matter of William J. Glancy, petitioner.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of California
denied.
No. 302, Misc. Charles Thomas Akers, petitioner, v. H. O. Teets,
Warden, San Quentin Prison, et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to
the Supreme Court of California denied.
No. 303, Misc. James Benjamin, petitioner, v. State of Ohio. Peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Ohio denied.
No. 305, Misc. George McGahan, petitioner, v. R. W. Alvis,
Warden, et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Court of Appeals for the Sixth Circuit denied.
No. 307, Misc. Cecil C. Crebs, petitioner, v. Arthur Hoffman,
Warden, Kansas State Penitentiary, et al. Petition for writ of cer-
tiorari to the Supreme Court of Kansas denied.
No. 308, Misc. Charles Dempsey, petitioner, v. Frank G. Martin,
Warden, Eastern State Penitentiary, Philadelphia, Pennsylvania. Pe-
tition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Pennsylvania,
Eastern District, denied.
No. 310, Misc. Claud Simpson, petitioner, v. E. V. Nash, Warden
of the Missouri State Penitentiary. Petition for writ of certiorari to
the Supreme Court of Missouri denied.

MONDAY, DECEMBER 3, 1956
104
No. 313, Misc. John G. Griffiths, petitioner, v. The State of Ohio
et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals of Ohio,
Second District, Franklin County, denied.
No. 316, Misc. Oliver Garfield Davis, petitioner, v. Commonwealth
of Pennsylvania. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court
of Pennsylvania, Eastern District, denied.
No. 320, Misc. George W. Hodge, petitioner, v. United States of
America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court
of Appeals for the Fourth Circuit denied.
No. 321, Misc. Raymond C. Hodge, petitioner, v. District Court of
Appeal of the State of Calif., Third Appellate Dist. Petition for writ
of certiorari to the District Court of Appeal of California, Third
Appellate District, denied.
No. 324, Misc. Nathaniel W. Brown, petitioner, v. State of Mary-
land. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of Wash-
ington County, Maryland, denied.
No. 325, Misc. Christopher J. Bartholome, Jr., petitioner, v. State
of Maryland. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of
Washington County, Maryland, denied.
No. 275, Misc. Robert Allen Bobo, Jr., petitioner, v. The People of
the State of California. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme
Court of California denied and motion for leave to file petition for
writ of habeas corpus denied.
No. 312, Misc. Frank Charles Renz, petitioner, v. The State of New
Jersey. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of New
Jersey denied. Mr. Justice Brennan took no part in the consideration
or decision of this application.
No. 244, Misc. Filadelfio Jose Alcorta Lopez, petitioner, v. United
States of America. Application denied.
No. 158, Misc. David Lundgren, petitioner, v. United States of
America; and
No. 295, Misc. United States of America, ex rel. Daniel Young,
petitioner, v. David Myers, Acting Warden, State Penitentiary, Gra-
terford, Pennsylvania. Motions for leave to file petitions for writs
of certiorari denied.
No. 252, Misc. Sol Newstead, petitioner, v.
Warden;
Elbert V. Nash,

MONDAY, DECEMBER 3, 1956
105
No. 278, Misc. James Ryan, petitioner, v. The People of the State
of Illinois;
No. 280, Misc. Clarence W. Hughes, petitioner, v. The State of
Texas;
No. 281, Misc. James Jackson, petitioner, v. United States of
America;
No. 287, Misc. Jose Luis Garcia Banuelos Bilbao, petitioner, v.
United States of America;
No. 311, Misc. Joseph B. McKeehan, petitioner, v. Ralph W. Alvis,
Warden, et al.;
No. 317, Misc. John LaMarr Curtis, petitioner, v. Merle E.
Schneckloth, Superintendent of Washington State Penitentiary; and
No. 322, Misc. Mike Murillo, petitioner, v. Warden, New Mexico
State Penitentiary. Motions for leave to file petitions for writs of
habeas corpus denied.
No. 270, Misc. Russell Richter, petitioner, v. State of New Jersey.
Motion for leave to file petition for writ of habeas corpus denied.
Mr. Justice Brennan took no part in the consideration or decision of
this motion.
No. 289, Misc. Robert F. Poindexter, petitioner, v. District Court
of Nebraska, Lancaster County, Lincoln, Nebraska. Motion for leave
to file petition for writ of mandamus denied.
No. 38. Thomas E. Pollard, petitioner, v. United States of America.
Argued by Mr. Bennett Boskey for the petitioner and by Mr. Philip
Elman for the respondent.
No. 42. John W. Webb, petitioner, v. Illinois Central Railroad
Company. Argued by Mr. Robert J. Rafferty for the petitioner and
by Mr. Herbert J. Deany for the respondent.
No. 44. United States of America, appellant, v. International Union
United Automobile, Aircraft, and Agricultural Implement Workers
of America (UAW-CIO). Argument commenced by Mr. Solicitor
General Rankin for the appellant and continued by Mr. Joseph L.
Rauh, Jr., for the appellee.
Adjourned until tomorrow at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Tuesday, December 4, will be as follows: Nos. 44,
45, 47, 46, and 48.
☑

TUESDAY, DECEMBER 4, 1956
106
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: Mr. Chief Justice Warren, Mr. Justice Black, Mr. Justice
Reed, Mr. Justice Frankfurter, Mr. Justice Douglas, Mr. Justice
Burton, Mr. Justice Clark, Mr. Justice Harlan, and Mr. Justice
Brennan.
George Washington Foley, of New York, N. Y., on motion of
Mr. Richard J. Hallinan; Maynard I. Ungerman, of Tulsa, Okla.,
on motion of Mr. Jerome J. Dick; Walter J. Bristow, Jr., of Columbia,
S. C., on motion of Mr. John P. Moore; Kenneth Agee, of Columbus,
Ohio, and Donald S. McNamara, of Columbus, Ohio, on motion of
Mr. Bartholomew Diggins; and Robert Arthur Fields, of Washing-
ton, D. C., and Helen Hasty Fields, of Tuscaloosa, Ala, on motion
of Mr. John J. Spriggs, Jr., were admitted to practice.
No. 44. United States of America, appellant, v. International
Union United Automobile Aircraft and Agricultural Implement
Workers of America (UAW-CIO). Argument continued by Mr.
Joseph L. Rauh, Jr., for the appellee and concluded by Mr. Solicitor
General Rankin for the appellant.
No. 45. Rayonier Incorporated, a Corporation, petitioner, v. United
States of America. Argued by Mr. Lucien F. Marion for the peti-
tioner and by Mr. George Cochran Doub for the respondent.
No. 47. Arthur A. Arnhold et al., petitioners, v. United States of
America. Argued by Mr. William H. Ferguson for the petitioners
and by Mr. George Cochran Doub for the respondent. Memorandum
to come.
No. 46. Virgil Herdman, petitioner, v. Pennsylvania Railroad
Company. Argued by Mr. Donald S. McNamara for the petitioner
and by Mr. John Eckler for the respondent.
Adjourned until tomorrow at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Wednesday, December 5, will be as follows:
Nos. 48, 49, 51, and 52.
✓
400278-56--25

WEDNESDAY, DECEMBER 5, 1956
107
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: Mr. Chief Justice Warren, Mr. Justice Black, Mr. Justice
Reed, Mr. Justice Frankfurter, Mr. Justice Douglas, Mr. Justice
Burton, Mr. Justice Clark, Mr. Justice Harlan, and Mr. Justice
Brennan.
Raymond Pace Alexander, of Philadelphia, Pa., on motion of Mr.
Edmund D. Campbell; Reed C. Lawlor, of Los Angeles, Calif., on
motion of Mr. William D. Hall; Paul C. Rawlings, of Little Rock,
Ark., on motion of Mr. W. J. Smith; Edwin Marger, of Miami Beach,
Fla., on motion of Mr. Samuel Intrater; and T. Harold Scott, of
Boulder, Colo., on motion of Mr. Robert E. Freer, were admitted to
practice.
No. 48. United States of America for the Benefit and on Behalf of
Harry Sherman, et al., petitioners, v. Donald G. Carter, Individually,
etc., et al. Argued by Mr. Thomas E. Stanton, Jr., for the petitioners
and by Mr. Richard C. Dinkelspiel for the respondents.
No. 49. Jose Soriano, petitioner, v. The United States. Argued by
Mr. Prew Savoy and Mr. George W. Foley for the petitioner and by
Mr. Roger D. Fisher for the respondent.
No. 51. Leslie Miller, Inc., appellant, v. State of Arkansas. Argu-
ment commenced by Mr. Leffel Gentry for the appellant and con-
tinued by Mr. John F. Davis for the United States, as amicus curiae.
Adjourned until tomorrow at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Thursday, December 6, will be as follows: Nos.
51, 52, 53, and 59.
✓
400278-56-26

THURSDAY, DECEMBER 6, 1956
108
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: Mr. Chief Justice Warren, Mr. Justice Black, Mr. Justice
Reed, Mr. Justice Frankfurter, Mr. Justice Douglas, Mr. Justice
Burton, Mr. Justice Clark, Mr. Justice Harlan, and Mr. Justice
Brennan.
George E. Berry, Jr., of Greensburg, Pa., David Franklin Foster,
of Sterling, Nebr., and Hugh J. Dolan, of New York, N. Y., on
motion of Mr. Donald R. Simpson; Morse Johnson, of Cincinnati,
Ohio, on motion of Mr. James L. Magrish; Robert Edwin Conn, of
Washington, D. C., on motion of Mr. Asher H. Ende; Edward F.
Penaat, of San Francisco, Calif., on motion of Mr. J. L. Searles;
Arnold Marvin Quittner, of Los Angeles, Calif., on motion of Mr.
J. Roger Wollenberg; and Peter S. Wondolowski, of Worcester,
Mass., on motion of Mr. James W. Booth, were admitted to practice.
No. 51. Leslie Miller, Inc., appellant, v. State of Arkansas. Argu-
ment continued by Mr. John F. Davis for the United States, as
amicus curiae, continued by Mr. William J. Smith for the appellee
and concluded by Mr. John F. Davis for the United States, as
amicus curiae.
No. 52. United States of America, appellant v. Ludenia Howard,
Trading as Stokes Fish Company. Argued by Mr. Leonard B. Sand
for the appellant and by Mr. Clarence L. Thacker for the appellee.
No. 53. William Earl Fikes, petitioner, v. State of Alabama.
Argued by Mr. Jack Greenberg for the petitioner and by Mr. Robert
Straub for the respondent.
Adjourned until Monday, December 10, next, at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Monday, December 10, will be as follows: Nos.
59, 56, 58, and 132.
400278-56--27

MONDAY, DECEMBER 10, 1956
109
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: Mr. Chief Justice Warren, Mr. Justice Reed, Mr. Justice
Frankfurter, Mr. Justice Douglas, Mr. Justice Burton, Mr. Justice
Clark, Mr. Justice Harlan, and Mr. Justice Brennan.
John F. Spindler, of Stamford, Conn., Carl Gerald Coben, of
Revere, Mass., William O. Braecklein, of Dallas, Tex., L. Glen
Kratochvil, of Houston, Tex., John Dwight Evans, Jr., of Chicago,
Ill., Elliott Berman, of Presque Isle, Maine, Joseph P. Jenkins, of
Kansas City, Kans., and Arthur W. Lewis, of Riverton, N. J., în
motion of Mr. Solicitor General James Lee Rankin; Harry C. Wim-
berley, of Richmond, Va., on motion of Mr. G. Kenneth Miller; Frank
N. Howard, Jr., of Crawfordsville, Ind., on motion of Mr. William E.
Jenner; F. Gordon Shermack, of Santa Fe, N. Mex., Annette R.
Shermack, of Santa Fe, N. Mex., Walter R. Kegel, of Santa Fe,
N. Mex., and Richard H. Robinson, of Carlsbad, N. Mex., on motion
of Mr. Robert C. McConnell; Francis P. Murray, of New York, N. Y.,
on motion of Mr. Reginald Carl Harmon; Lewis Mayers, of New
York, N. Y., on motion of Mr. David Carliner; Henry H. Rubenson,
of Newark, N. J., and Anthony L. Cecere, of Newark, N. J., on motion
of Mr. Joseph M. Bonuso; Percy R. Smith, of Buffalo, N. Y., on mo-
tion of Mr. Richard Norris Clattenburg; Howard I. Gross, of Hart-
ford, Conn., on motion of Mr. Merrill Armour; William Griffith
Addison, of Pittsburgh, Pa., on motion of Mr. Gordon S. Parker;
Margaret M. Pallansch, of Washington, D. C., on motion of Miss
Sylvia S. Ellison; Robert D. Marshall, of Lawrence, Mass., on motion
of Mr. Anthony J. Iacobo; Norman M. Spindelman, of Rochester,
N. Y., on motion of Mr. Henry L. Burkitt; William H. Price, of Snow
Hill, Md., on motion of Mr. John A. Selby; James P. Tryand, of
Detroit, Mich., on motion of Mr. J. Raymond Hoover; Francis J.
McEntee, of Los Angeles, Calif., on motion of Mr. Lyndol N. Young;
and John A. Notte, Jr., of North Providence, R. I., Francis Castro-
villari, of Cranston, R. I., and Anthony A. Giannini, of Providence,
R. I., on motion of Mr. Theodore Francis Green, were admitted to
practice.
No. 31. Massachusetts Bonding and Insurance Company et al., peti-
tioners, v. United States of America. On writ of certiorari to the
United States Court of Appeals for the First Circuit. Judgment of
Court of Appeals reversed with costs and case remanded to the United
400278-56-28

MONDAY, DECEMBER 10, 1956
110
States District Court for the District of Massachusetts for proceedings
in conformity with the opinion of this Court. Opinion by Mr. Justice
Douglas. Concurring opinion by Mr. Justice Harlan. Dissenting
opinion by Mr. Justice Frankfurter in which Mr. Justice Reed, Mr.
Justice Clark, and Mr. Justice Brennan join.
No. 57. Boyd Leedom et al., as Members of the National Labor
Relations Board, petitioners, v. International Union of Mine, Mill and
Smelter Workers. On writ of certiorari to the United States Court
of Appeals for the District of Columbia Circuit. Judgment of Court
of Appeals affirmed and case remanded to the United States District
Court for the District of Columbia. Opinion by Mr. Justice Douglas.
No. 40. Amalgamated Meat Cutters & Butcher Workmen of North
America, AFL-CIO, etc., petitioner, v. National Labor Relations
Board and Lannom Manufacturing Company. On writ of certiorari
to the United States Court of Appeals for the Sixth Circuit. Judg-
ment reversed and case remanded to the said Court of Appeals for
proceedings in conformity with the opinion of this Court. Opinion
by Mr. Justice Douglas. Concurring opinion by Mr. Justice Frank-
furter.
No. 13. Lee Walker, appellant, v. City of Hutchinson, Reno County,
Kansas, a Municipal Corporation, et al. Appeal from the Supreme
Court of the State of Kansas. Judgment reversed with costs and case
remanded to the Supreme Court of Kansas for further proceedings
not inconsistent with the opinion of this Court. Opinion by Mr. Justice
Black. Dissenting opinion by Mr. Justice Frankfurter. Dissenting
opinion by Mr. Justice Burton. Mr. Justice Brennan took no part in
consideration or decision of this case.
No. 30. Gerald D. Nelson et al., as Successor Trustees under the Will
of William Nelson, Deceased, and Helen D. Moller, appellants, v. The
City of New York. Appeal from the Court of Appeals of the State
of New York. Judgment affirmed. Opinion by Mr. Chief Justice
Warren.
The Chief Justice said:
"The orders of the Court appear upon the list certified by the Chief
Justice and filed with the Clerk and will not be announced orally."
No. 495. R. K. Holmstrom, appellant, v. People of the State of
Illinois. Appeal from the Supreme Court of Illinois;
No. 509. Anna Valentine Seibert, and other German Beneficiaries,
appellants, v. Herbert Brownell, Jr., Attorney General of the United
States as Successor to the Alien Property Custodian, et al. Appeal
from the District Court of Appeal of California, Second Appellate
District; and
No. 511. Dr. M. S. Dantzler, Individually and as President of the
South Carolina Naturopathic Physicians Association, et al., appellants,

MONDAY, DECEMBER 10, 1956
111
v. T. C. Callison, Attorney General of South Carolina. Appeal from
the Supreme Court of South Carolina. Per Curiam: The motions to
dismiss are granted and the appeals are dismissed for want of a sub-
stantial federal question.
No. 413. National Labor Relations Board, petitioner, v. F. W.
Woolworth Co. On petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit. Per curiam: The petition
for writ of certiorari is granted and the judgment of the Court of
Appeals is reversed. The Board acted within its allowable discre-
tion in finding that under the circumstances of this case failure to
furnish the wage information constituted an unfair labor practice.
Labor Board v. Truitt Mfg. Co., 351 U. S. 149; cf. Universal Camera
Corp. v. Labor Board, 340 U. S. 474.
No. 307. Chicago, Milwaukee, St. Paul and Pacific Railroad Com-
pany, appellant, v. State of Illinois, Illinois Commerce Commission,
et al.;
No. 502. United States of America, appellant, v. State of Illinois,
Illinois Commerce Commission, and Milwaukee Road Commuters' As-
sociation; and
No. 503. Interstate Commerce Commission, appellant, v. State of
Illinois, Illinois Commerce Commission, and Milwaukee Road Com-
muters' Association. Appeals from the United States District Court
for the Northern District of Illinois. In these cases probable juris-
diction is noted. The cases are consolidated and a total of two hours
allowed for oral argument.
No. 385. State of California, petitioner, v. Harry Taylor et al.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the Seventh Circuit granted and case transferred to the summary
calendar. The Solicitor General is invited to file a brief, as amicus
curiae. The Chief Justice took no part in the consideration or deci-
sion of this application.
No. 234, Misc. Chester E. Jackson, petitioner, v. John C. Taylor,
Acting Warden. Motion for leave to proceed in forma pauperis
granted. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court
of Appeals for the Third Circuit granted limited to the gross sentence
question. Case transferred to the appellate docket and placed on
the summary calendar.
No. 285, Misc. Harriel L. Fowler, petitioner, v. Frederick H. Wil-
kinson, Warden, United States Penitentiary, Atlanta, Georgia.
Motion for leave to proceed in forma pauperis granted. Petition for
writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the
Fifth Circuit granted limited to the gross sentence question. Case

MONDAY, DECEMBER 10, 1956
112
transferred to the appellate docket and placed on the summary cal-
endar and assigned for argument immediately following No. 234,
Misc.
No. 86. James P. Mitchell, Secretary of Labor, United States De-
partment of Labor, petitioner, v. Brandtjen & Kluge, Incorporated.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the First Circuit denied.
No. 357. Imperial Oil Limited, petitioner, v. Frank Drlik. Peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for
the Sixth Circuit denied.
No. 363. William R. Sampsell, Ray C. Resh, Earl Albertson, et al.,
petitioners, v. The Baltimore and Ohio Railroad Company, a Body
Corporate, et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Court of Appeals for the Fourth Circuit denied.
No. 396. C. S. Donahoo, petitioner, v. Guy A. Thompson, Trustee
of the Missouri Pacific Railroad Company, a Corporation. Petition
for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Missouri denied.
No. 438. A. B. Phillips, Executive Director, Employment Security
Commission of Alaska, petitioner, v. Fidalgo Island Packing Co. et
al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of
Appeals for the Ninth Circuit denied.
No. 463. United States of America, petitioner, v. Martin Tieger.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the Third Circuit denied.
No. 464. United States of America, petitioner, v. Harvey Cochran.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 481. Paul Shedd, petitioner, v. State of Mississippi. Petition
for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Mississippi denied.
No. 505. State of Alabama, petitioner, v. Plantation Pipe Line
Company, a Corporation. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Su-
preme Court of Alabama denied.
No. 512. Anne Livingston Behr, petitioner, v. Mine Safety Ap-
pliances Company, a Corporation of the State of Pennsylvania, et al.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the Third Circuit denied.
No. 513. James P. Mitchell, Secretary of Labor, United States
Department of Labor, petitioner, v, The Hartford Steam Boiler In-
spection and Insurance Company. Petition for writ of certiorari to
the United States Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit denied.
No. 514. United States of America, ex rel. Alfred J. Ackerman,
petitioner, v. Frank C. Johnston, Warden, Western State Penitentiary.

MONDAY, DECEMBER 10, 1956
113
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the Third Circuit denied.
No. 516. Feener Business Schools, Inc., and Carleton L. Feener,
petitioners, v. School of Speedwriting, Inc. Petition for writ of cer-
tiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the First Circuit
denied.
No. 517. F. P. Newport, petitioner, v. Paul W. Sampsell, Trustee
in Bankruptcy of F. P. Newport Corporation, Ltd., et al. Petition
for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the
Ninth Circuit denied.
No. 518. M. E. Collins, petitioner, v. Atlantic Coast Line Railroad
Company. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court
of Appeals for the Fourth Circuit denied.
No. 519. Taylor Forge & Pipe Works, petitioner, v. National Labor
Relations Board. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Court of Appeals for the Seventh Circuit denied.
No. 522. Janet R. Parker, petitioner, v. Catherine R. Howell et al.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Utah denied.
No. 523. Alva G. Blanchard, petitioner, v. Robert C. Watson, Com-
missioner of Patents. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United
States Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia Circuit denied.
No. 527. Harry C. Trentman and Aubrey Milner, Co-Partners,
petitioners, v. The City and County of Denver, Colorado, a Municipal
Corporation, et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United
States Court of Appeals for the Tenth Circuit denied.
No. 528. James P. Mitchell, Secretary of Labor, United States De-
partment of Labor, petitioner, v. Meyer Feinberg. Petition for writ
of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the Second
Circuit denied.
No. 326. Leslie Robert Nunn, appellant, v. People of the State of
California; and
No. 333. Sales Affiliates, Inc., petitioner, v. Helene Curtis Indus-
tries, Inc., et al. Petitions for rehearing denied.
No. 190. Cooley Ellis, appellant, v. Ohio Turnpike Commission
et al. Petition for rehearing denied. Mr. Justice Brennan took no
part in the consideration or decision of this application.
No. 185, Misc. Robert Lee Goldsby, petitioner, v. State of Missis-
issippi. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of
Mississippi denied.

MONDAY, DECEMBER 10, 1956
114
No. 207, Misc. Donald W. Cole, petitioner, v. United States of
America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court
of Appeals for the District of Columbia Circuit denied.
No. 208, Misc. Shirley Ann Maxwell, alias Shirley Ann Bagby,
petitioner, v. United States of America. Petition for writ of certio-
rari to the United States Court of Appeals for the Eighth Circuit
denied.
No. 249, Misc. Charles Bernstein, petitioner, v. National Broad-
casting Company, Inc., a Corporation. Petition for writ of certiorari
to the United States Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia
Circuit denied.
No. 265, Misc. Ernest Payton, petitioner, v. State of Indiana.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Indiana denied.
No. 304, Misc. Leonardo Salemi, petitioner, v. Wilfred S. Denno.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the Second Circuit denied.
No. 253, Misc. Cleveland Thompson, petitioner, v. Grant Price,
Warden, Allegheny County Jail, Pittsburgh, Pa.; and
No. 426, Misc. Ex parte Donald Lee Fedder, petitioner. Motions
for leave to file petitions for writs of habeas corpus denied.
ORDER
The Court will take a recess from Monday, December 17, until
Monday, January 14, 1957.
No. 59. Henry Ferguson, petitioner, v. Moore-McCormack Lines,
Inc. Argued by Mr. George J. Engelman for the petitioner and by
Mr. William A. Wilson for the respondent.
No. 56. Pennsylvania Railroad Company and Brotherhood of Rail-
road Trainmen, petitioners, v. N. P. Rychlik, Individually and on
Behalf of and as Representative of Other Employees of the Penn-
sylvania Railroad. Argument commenced by Mr. Richard N. Clatten-
burg for the petitioner, Pennsylvania Railroad Company, and by Mr.
Henry Kaiser for the petitioner, Brotherhood of Railroad Trainmen,
and continued by Mr. Norman M. Spindelman and Mr. Meyer Fix for
the respondent.
Adjourned until tomorrow at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Tuesday, December 11, will be as follows: Nos. 56,
58, 132, 60, and 62.

TUESDAY, DECEMBER 11, 1956
115
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: Mr. Chief Justice Warren, Mr. Justice Reed, Mr. Justice
Frankfurter, Mr. Justice Douglas, Mr. Justice Burton, Mr. Justice
Clark, Mr. Justice Harlan, and Mr. Justice Brennan.
Russell B. Wine, of San Antonio, Tex., Ernest F. W. Wildermuth,
of New York, N. Y., and Howard A. Heffron, of New York, N. Y., on
motion of Mr. James W. Knapp; William T. Stephens, of Washing-
ton, D. C., and Jasper H. Highsmith, of Baxley, Ga., on motion of
Mr. Thurman W. Arnold; W. Walter Farnandis, of Baltimore, Md.,
on motion of Mr. Sidney M. Goldstein; Charles C. Deubel, Jr., of
South Orange, N. J., and George H. McElroy, of Summit, N. J., on
motion of Mr. Paul M. Strack; Frank V. Dilatush, of Dayton, Ohio,
on motion of Mr. Daniel L. O'Connor; Henry D. Stratton, of Pike-
ville, Ky., and L. D. May, of Pikeville, Ky., on motion of Mr. Heber
H. Rice; William F. Scheyd, Jr., of New Orleans, La., on motion of
Mr. Elisha K. Amos; Robert L. Broderick, of East St. Louis, Ill., on
motion of Mr. Stuart B. Bradley; Joseph H. Sheppard, of Washing-
ton, D. C., on motion of Mr. J. Marvin Haynes; Richard A. Erickson,
of Kansas City, Mo., on motion of Mr. Ralph E. Becker; George
Joseph Moran, of Granite City, Ill., on motion of Mrs. Virginia Mer-
rills Tomasulo; William Millar Giffin, of Springfield, Ill., on motion
of Mr. Herbert John Miller, Jr.; Warren Adams Jackman, of Chi-
cago, Ill., on motion of Mr. Tom L. Yates; H. Wise Kelly, Jr., of Fair-
fax, Va., on motion of Mr. John Alexander; C. E. Rhetts, of Salem,
Ind., on motion of Mr. Gerard D. Reilly; and Vern Countryman, of
Bethesda, Md., on motion of Mr. Eugene Gressman, were admitted
to practice.
No. 56. Pennsylvania Railroad Company and Brotherhood of
Railroad Trainmen, petitioners, v. N. P. Rychlik, Individually and
on Behalf of and as Representative of Other Employees of the Penn-
sylvania Railroad. Argument continued by Mr. Norman M. Spindel-
man and Mr. Meyer Fix for the respondent and concluded by Mr.
Henry Kaiser for the petitioners.
No. 58. Albert Roviaro, petitioner, v. United States of America.
Argued by Maurice J. Walsh for the petitioner and by Mr. James W.
Knapp for the respondent.
400278-56--29

TUESDAY, DECEMBER 11, 1956
116
No. 132. Ollie Otto Prince, petitioner, v. United States of America.
Argued by Mr. Joseph P. Jenkins for the petitioner and by Miss
Beatrice Rosenberg for the respondent.
Adjourned until tomorrow at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Wednesday, December 12, will be as follows:
Nos. 60, 62, 63, and 69.
Х

WEDNESDAY, DECEMBER 12, 1956
117
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: Mr. Chief Justice Warren, Mr. Justice Black, Mr. Justice
Reed, Mr. Justice Frankfurter, Mr. Justice Douglas, Mr. Justice
Burton, Mr. Justice Clark, Mr. Justice Harlan, and Mr. Justice
Brennan.
Miriam Frances Williams, of Brooklyn, N. Y., on motion of Mr.
Matthew H. O'Brien; Lloyd Allen Cook, of Washington, D. C., on
motion of Mr. F. Trowbridge vom Baur; Robert Lowe Kunzig, of
Philadelphia, Pa., on motion of Mr. Bernard G. Segal; and Jerome
W. Moss, of Cleveland, Ohio, on motion of Mr. Paul R. Harmel, were
admitted to practice.
No. 69. Paul H. Breithaupt, petitioner, v. Morris Abram. It is
ordered that F. Gordon Shermack, Esquire, of Santa Fe, New Mexico,
a member of the Bar of this Court be, and he is hereby, appointed to
serve as counsel for petitioner in this case.
No. 60. Robert W. Jaffke, petitioner, v. William C. Dunham,
Trustee of the Estate of Robert L. Knetzer, Bankrupt. Argued by
Mr. Herbert J. Miller, Jr., for the petitioner and by Mr. G. William
Horsley for the respondent.
No. 62. Jacob Senko, petitioner, v. LaCrosse Dredging Corpora-
tion. Argued by Mr. George J. Moran for the petitioner and by Mr.
Stuart B. Bradley for the respondent.
No. 63. Federal Trade Commission, petitioner, v. National Lead
Company et al. Argued by Mr. Earl W. Kintner for the petitioner
and by Mr. Eugene Z. Du Bose for the respondent. Memorandum to
come.
No. 69. Paul H. Breithaupt, petitioner, v. Morris Abram. Argu-
ment commenced by Mr. F. Gordon Shermack for the petitioner.
Adjourned until tomorrow at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Thursday, December 13, will be as follows:
Nos. 69, 78, 124, and 68.
☑
400278-56-30

THURSDAY, DECEMBER 13, 1956
118
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: Mr. Chief Justice Warren, Mr. Justice Black, Mr. Justice
Reed, Mr. Justice Frankfurter, Mr. Justice Douglas, Mr. Justice Bur-
ton, Mr. Justice Clark, Mr. Justice Harlan, and Mr. Justice Brennan.
Jack H. Backman, of Boston, Mass., on motion of Mr. John C. Her-
berg; Owen S. Allbritton III, of Clearwater, Fla., on motion of Mr.
John P. Moore; Benning M. Grice, of Macon, Ga., on motion of Mr.
Wayland K. Sullivan; Paul Robert Madden, of Washington, D. C.,
on motion of Mr. John B. Letterman; Harry J. Ockershausen, of
Washington, D. C., and Frederick H. Walton, Jr., of Washington,
D. C., on motion of Mr. William J. Dempsey; and John F. Sullivan,
of Washington, D. C., on motion of Mr. Valentine B. Deale, were
admitted to practice.
No. 69. Paul H. Breithaupt, petitioner, v. Morris Abram. Argu-
ment continued by Mr. F. Gordon Shermack for the petitioner, con-
tinued by Mr. Richard H. Robinson and Mr. Walter R. Kegel for
the respondent and concluded by Mr. F. Gordon Shermack for the
petitioner.
No. 78. The United States, petitioner, v. The Allen-Bradley Com-
pany. Argued by Mr. Hilbert P. Zarky for the petitioner and by
Mr. Harvey W. Peters for the respondent.
No. 124. National Lead Company, petitioner, v. Commissioner of
Internal Revenue. Argued by Mr. Karl Riemer for the petitioner
and by Mr. Hilbert P. Zarky for the respondent.
No. 68. Delvaille H. Théard, petitioner, v. United States of
America. Argued by Mr. Delvaille H. Théard, pro se, and by Mr.
Edward H. Hickey for the respondent.
Adjourned until Monday, December 17, next, at 12 o'clock.
400278-56——31

MONDAY, DECEMBER 17, 1956
119
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: Mr. Chief Justice Warren, Mr. Justice Reed, Mr. Justice
Frankfurter, Mr. Justice Douglas, Mr. Justice Burton, Mr. Justice
Clark, Mr. Justice Harlan, and Mr. Justice Brennan.
John Rocco Bennie, of Camden, N. J., Mrs. Parnell J. (Rosalie)
Hyland, of New Orleans, La., Parnell J. Hyland, of New Orleans, La.,
and Charles P. J. Mooney, of Memphis, Tenn., on motion of Mr. Solici-
tor General James Lee Rankin; John W. Guzzetta, of Mount Vernon,
N. Y., on motion of Mr. James L. Skerritt; Irving S. Rosenblatt, Jr., of
San Francisco, Calif., on motion of Mr. Charles A. Horsky; Leonard
D. Lybbert, of Cresco, Iowa, on motion of Mr. William C. Hamilton,
Jr.; Fred H. Caplan, of Clarksburg, W. Va., and Robert E. Magnuson,
of Charleston, W. Va., on motion of Mr. John George Fox; Sylvan C.
Balder, of Philadelphia, Pa., on motion of Mr. Marvin Willig; John
Shortridge, of San Francisco, Calif., Hudson Hyatt, of Cleveland,
Ohio, Edgar Allan, III, of Richmond, Va., Samuel Sidney Solomon,
of Falls Church, Va., Robert L. Blewitt, of Philadelphia, Pa., Leon
Peter Calafiura, of New York, N. Y., Henry J. Cataldo, of Quincy,
Mass., Chester Edward Emanuelson, of Chicago, Ill., and Fred J.
Faust, of Dallas, Tex., on motion of Mr. Philip McCallum; Margaret
M. Conway, of Washington, D. C., on motion of Mrs. Rebecca Love
Notz; Richard J. Murphy, of Chicago, Ill., on motion of Mr. John F.
☐ Donelan; Tomás Luis de Heredia Ryan, of New York, N. Y., on motion
of Mr. Marc A. White; Kalman A. Goldring, of Pittsburgh, Pa., on
motion of Mr. Julius M. Greisman; George A. Brautigam, of Coral
Gables, Fla., and Paul A. Louis, of Miami, Fla., on motion of Mr. John
J. O'Keefe; William Robert Murphy, of New Haven, Conn., and Wil-
liam Lester Seymour, of Elkhorn, Wis., on motion of Mr. Edward N.
Logan; John H. Wahl, Jr., of Miami, Fla., and John W. Driskill, of
Cincinnati, Ohio, on motion of Mr. William E. Schuyler, Jr.; and
Arthur L. Lane, of Washington, D. C., on motion of Mrs. A. Lillian C.
Kennedy, were admitted to practice.
No. 43. Herbert Brownell, Jr., Attorney General of the United
States, petitioner, v. Tom We Shung. On writ of certiorari to the
United States Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia Circuit.
Judgment of the Court of Appeals affirmed and case remanded to the
400278-56--32

MONDAY, DECEMBER 17, 1956
120
United States District Court for the District of Columbia. Opinion
by Mr. Justice Clark.
No. 12. United States of America, appellant, v. Interstate Com-
merce Commission and United States of America et al. Appeal from
the United States District Court for the District of Columbia. Judg-
ment affirmed. Opinion by Mr. Justice Reed. Dissenting opinion by
Mr. Justice Black in which the Chief Justice concurs. Mr. Justice
Brennan took no part in the consideration or decision of this case.
No. 51. Leslie Miller, Inc., appellant, v. State of Arkansas. Appeal
from the Supreme Court of Arkansas. Judgment reversed with costs
and cause remanded to the Supreme Court of Arkansas for further
proceedings not inconsistent with the opinion of this Court. Opinion
per curiam announced by Mr. Chief Justice Warren.
The Chief Justice announced the following order of the Court:
No. 2, Original. The State of Wisconsin et al., complainants, v. The
State of Illinois and Sanitary District of Chicago, et al.;
No. 3, Original. The State of Michigan, complainant, v. The State
of Illinois and Sanitary District of Chicago, et al.; and
No. 4, Original. State of New York, complainant, v. State of Illi-
nois and Sanitary District of Chicago, et al. Per Curiam: In view of
the emergency in navigation caused by low water in the Mississippi
River, Paragraph 3 of the decree in these causes issued on April 21,
1930, is temporarily modified to permit the diversion to and including
the 31st day of January 1957, from the Great Lakes-St. Lawrence Sys-
tem into the Illinois Waterway and the Mississippi River of such
amount of water not exceeding an average of 8,500 cubic feet a second,
in addition to domestic pumpage, as the Corps of Engineers, United
States Army, shall determine will be useful in alleviating the emer-
gency with respect to navigation currently existing without seriously
interfering with navigation on the Illinois Waterway, at such times
and in such amounts as the Corps of Engineers shall direct. The entry
of this order shall not prejudice the legal rights of any of the parties
to these causes with respect to any other diversion of the waters in-
volved. After January 31, 1957, all provisions of the decree entered
on April 21, 1930, shall remain in full force and effect until further
order of this Court.
No. 2, Original. The State of Wisconsin et al., complainants, v. The
State of Illinois and Sanitary District of Chicago, et al.;
No. 3, Original. The State of Michigan, complainant, v. The State
of Illinois and Sanitary District of Chicago, et al.; and
No. 4, Original. State of New York, complainant, v. State of Illi-
nois and Sanitary District of Chicago, et al. Whereas an order tem-

MONDAY, DECEMBER 17, 1956
121
porarily modifying the decree in these cases has this day been made
because of an existing emergency, and whereas other prompt action
to relieve the emergency may be required during the modification
period in furtherance of the order, It is ordered that all such matters
be referred to Mr. Justice Burton, Circuit Justice for the Seventh
Circuit, with power to act.
No. 2, Original. The State of Wisconsin et al., complainants, v. The
The State of Illinois and Sanitary District of Chicago, et al.;
No. 3, Original. The State of Michigan, complainant, v. The State
of Illinois and Sanitary District of Chicago, et al.; and
No. 4, Original. State of New York, complainant, v. State of Illi-
nois and Sanitary District of Chicago, et al. Per Curiam: The mo-
tion of the Metropolitan Sanitary District of Greater Chicago for
clarification of the decree is hereby denied.
The Chief Justice said:
"The other orders of the Court appear upon the list certified by the
Chief Justice and filed with the Clerk and will not be announced
orally."
No. 404. Wisconsin Electric Power Company, appellant, v. City of
Milwaukee, a Municipal Corporation. Appeal from the Supreme
Court of Wisconsin. Per Curiam: In this case probable jurisdiction is
noted. The judgment of the Supreme Court of Wisconsin is vacated
and the case is remanded to the Circuit Court for Milwaukee County
for consideration in the light of Walker v. City of Hutchinson, No. 13,
October Term, 1956, decided December 10, 1956.
No. 496. John E. Pottharst, Sr., appellant, v. Richardson & Bass
(Louisiana Account), the Board of Commissioners of the Orleans
Levee District, et al. Appeal from the Supreme Court of Louisiana;
and
No. 507. Philip Landes, appellant, v. Sylvia Landes (Sylvia
Smith). Appeal from the Court of Appeals of New York. Per
Curiam: The motions to dismiss are granted and the appeals are
dismissed for want of a substantial federal question.
No. 382, Misc. James Norman Jensen, appellant, v. The State of
Oregon. Appeal from the Supreme Court of Oregon. Per Curiam:
The motion to dismiss is granted and the appeal is dismissed for
want of a substantial federal question.
No. 432, Misc. Robert Hendricks, appellant, v. State of Oklahoma.
Appeal from the Criminal Court of Appeals of Oklahoma. Per
Curiam: The motion to dismiss is granted and the appeal is dismissed.
Treating the papers whereon the appeal was taken as a petition for
writ of certiorari, certiorari is denied.

MONDAY, DECEMBER 17, 1956
122
No. 54. The United States, petitioner, v. Lehigh Valley Railroad
Company. On petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Court of Claims. Per curiam: The petition for writ of certiorari is
granted. The judgment of the court below is reversed and the case is
remanded to the Court of Claims for further proceedings not incon-
sistent with the opinion of this Court in United States v. Western
Pacific R. Co., No. 18, October Term, 1956, decided December 3, 1956.
No. 280. P. S. Guss d/b/a Photo Sound Products Manufacturing
Company, appellant, v. Utah Labor Relations Board. The motion to
add The United Steelworkers of America as a party appellee is de-
nied. The United Steelworkers of America may file a brief, amicus
curiae, if it desires. The Solicitor General is invited to file a brief, as
amicus, curiae.
No. 465. Federal Trade Commission, petitioner, v. Standard Oil
Company. The motion for leave to file brief of National Congress of
Petroleum Retailers, Inc., and Retail Gasoline Dealers Association of
Michigan, Inc., as amici curiae, is granted. Petition for writ of certi-
orari to the United States Court of Appeals for the Seventh Circuit
granted.
No. 271, Misc. Gerald William Nelson and John E. Hatton, peti-
tioners, v. State of Tennessee. The motion for leave to proceed in
forma pauperis is granted. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Su-
preme Court of Tennessee, Eastern District, granted limited to the
jury question. The case is transferred to the appellate docket and
placed on the summary calendar.
No. 472. Eastern Massachusetts Street Railway Company, peti-
tioner, v. National Labor Relations Board. Petition for writ of certi-
orari to the United States Court of Appeals for the First Circuit
denied.
No. 524. Automatic Cigarette Sales Corporation, petitioner, v.
Commissioner of Internal Revenue. Petition for writ of certiorari to
the United States Court of Appeals for the Fourth Circuit denied.
No. 526. Edwin M. Reid, Doing Business as College Book Ex-
change, petitioner, v. Harper & Brothers. Petition for writ of certi-
orari to the United States Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit
denied.
No. 529. The Coleman Company, Inc., petitioner, v. Holly Manu-
facturing Company, Inc. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United
States Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit denied.

MONDAY, DECEMBER 17, 1956
123
No. 531. Commonwealth of Pennsylvania, petitioner, v. Eastman
Kodak Company. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme
Court of Pennsylvania, Middle District, denied.
No. 532. John J. Murphy, petitioner, v. Charles E. Wilson, Secre-
tary of Defense, et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United
States Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia Circuit denied.
No. 533. Dusian Alfred Krivoski, petitioner, v. The United States.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Claims
denied.
No. 535. Sam C. Mozer et al., d/b/a Mozer Bros., petitioners, v.
Hi-Yield Chemical Company et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to
the United States Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 537. Biltmore Music Corporation, petitioner, v. Robert W. Kit-
tinger. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court
of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit denied. Motion of Authors League
of America, Inc., for leave to file brief, as amicus curiae, granted.
No. 541. Allied Cleaning Contractors, Inc., etc., petitioner, v. Allied
Maintenance Corporation, etc., Trans World Airlines, et al.; and
No. 544. Allied Maintenance Corporation, petitioner, v. Allied
Cleaning Contractors, Inc., Trans World Airlines and Steve Kozman.
Petitions for writs of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the Second Circuit denied.
No. 542. John W. Harrison and Clifford F. Harrison, petitioners, v.
Commissioner of Internal Revenue. Petition for writ of certiorari to
the United States Court of Appeals for the Eighth Circuit denied.
No. 543. Vito Genovese, petitioner, v. United States of America.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the Third Circuit denied.
No. 547. Frank J. Madden, petitioner, v. Southern Railway Com-
pany. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of
Appeals for the Fourth Circuit denied.
No. 549. Eskimo Kooler Corporation, petitioner, v. Eskimo Pie
Corporation. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Court of Appeals for the Seventh Circuit denied.
No. 550. Bernard J. McKenna, petitioner, v. The United States.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Claims
denied.
No. 561. Aurex Corporation and Walter H. Huth, petitioners, v.
Beltone Hearing Aid Company. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
United States Court of Appeals for the Seventh Circuit denied.
No. 501. Polaroid Corporation, petitioner, v. United States of
America. The motion for leave to file supplemental petition for

MONDAY, DECEMBER 17, 1956
124
writ of certiorari is granted. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
United States Court of Appeals for the First Circuit denied.
No. 385, October Term, 1954. Mary I. Daniman, Meyer Case, Louis
Cohen, et al., appelants, v. The Board of Education of city of New
York, et al.; and
No. 378. Mary I. Daniman, Meyer Case, Louis Cohen, et al., peti-
tioners, v. The Board of Education of the City of New York et al.
The motion for leave to file petition for rehearing and for incidential
relief is denied. The motion to dismiss is granted and the appeal is
dismissed for want of jurisdiction. The motion for leave to use record
in Daniman v. Board of Education, No. 385, October Term, 1954, 348
U. S. 933 is granted. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of
Appeals of New York denied. The Chief Justice, Mr. Justice Black
and Mr. Justice Douglas would grant the rehearing in accordance with
the action taken in Cahill v. New York, New Haven & Hartford R.
Co., 351 U. S. 183. Mr. Justice Brennan took no part in the consid-
eration or decision of these cases.
No. 343. C. C. (Jack) Owen et al., as Members of the Alabama Pub-
lic Service Commission et al., appellants, v. Aurelia S. Browder
et al.;
No. 358. The Cold Metal Process Company and the Union National
Bank of Youngstown, Ohio, Trustee, petitioners, v. Republic Steel
Corporation;
No. 367. Harris D. Hineline, petitioner, v. The United States; and
No. 433. Yancy A. McGowen, petitioner, v. State of Texas. Peti-
tions for rehearing denied.
No. 163. Samuel Eugene Crosby, Odie Jeap Holland and Guy Aus-
ton Smith, petitioners, v. United States of America. Petition for
rehearing denied. Mr. Justice Brennan took no part in the consid-
eration or decision of this application.
No. 342. W. A. Gayle et al., Individually and as Members of the
Board of Commissioners of the City of Montgomery, Alabama, et al.,
etc., appellants, v. Aurelia S. Browder et al. Petition for clarification
and rehearing denied.
No. 352. Samuel H. Sheppard, petitioner, v. The State of Ohio.
Petition for rehearing denied. Mr. Justice Burton took no part in the
consideration or decision of this application.
No. 349, Misc. Walter Horace Sefton, petitioner, v. State of Ne-
vada. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Nevada
denied.
No. 377, Misc. Winant S. Ellmore, petitioner, v. Wilber M.
Brucker, Secretary, Department of the Army et al. Petition for

MONDAY, DECEMBER 17, 1956
125
writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the Dis-
trict of Columbia Circuit denied.
No. 378, Misc. Alma-Marie Smith, petitioner, v. John Foster
Dulles, Secretary of State, Philip M. Young, et al. Petition for writ
of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the District of
Columbia Circuit denied.
No. 294, Misc. Stanley Simmons, petitioner, v. The People of the
State of New York. Motion for leave to file petition for writ of
certiorari, or in the alternative, a petition for writ of mandamus
denied.
Adjourned until Monday, January 14, 1957, next, at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Monday, January 14, will be as follows: Nos. 5, 92,
and 64.

MONDAY, JANUARY 14, 1957
126
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: Mr. Chief Justice Warren, Mr. Justice Black, Mr. Justice
Reed, Mr. Justice Frankfurter, Mr. Justice Douglas, Mr. Justice
Burton, Mr. Justice Clark, Mr. Justice Harlan, and Mr. Justice
Brennan.
H. Eugene Heine, Jr., of Philadelphia, Pa., James Dewey O'Brien,
of Lake Charles, La., Joseph Anthony Lowther, of Washington, D. C.,
and Philip Thomas White, of Washington, D. C., on motion of Mr.
Solicitor General James Lee Rankin; Pierce Joseph Deasy, of Jack-
son, Calif., on motion of Mr. Clair Engle; Alma Zola Groves, of
Chicago, Ill., on motion of Mr. Henry S. Reuss; Earl Edward Meisen-
bach, of Chicago, Ill., on motion of Mr. Charles Sylvanus Rhyne;
George Hunter Gibbons, of Archer, Fla., John B. Higby, of Greens-
boro, N. C., Francis I. Tennyson, of Washington, D. C., and Ernest
W. Boucher, of Abilene, Tex., on motion of Mr. Donald R. Simpson;
Fred M. Standley, of Santa Fe, N. Mex., and William A. Sloan, of
Albuquerque, N. Mex., on motion of Mr. Herbert Monte Levy; William
Caleb Grimes, of Bradenton, Fla., and David William Palmer, of
Destin, Fla., on motion of Mr. J. William Norman; Frank J. Smith,
of Chicago, Ill., on motion of Mr. David Walker Richmond; William
C. Dowdy, Jr., of Dallas, Tex., William R. McDowell, of Dallas, Tex.,
William G. Duncan, of Dallas, Tex., and Tom L. Farmer, of Dallas,
Tex., on motion of Mr. John T. Suggs; David Goldberg, of philadel-
phia, Pa., on motion of Mr. Robert Lowe Kunzig; Howard K. Shapar,
of Idaho Falls, Idaho, on motion of Mr. William D. Mitchell; Evelyn
E. Whitlow, of Los Angeles, Calif., on motion of Miss Hazel Palmer;
George Edward Merker, Jr., of Chicago, Ill., on motion of Mr. Allen
Lauterbach; Joseph T. McCue, of Stamford, Conn., Alphonse C.
Jachimczyk, of Stamford, Conn., and Isadore Michael Mackler, of
Stamford, Conn., on motion of Mr. P. Lawrence Epifanio; Owen
Thomas Armstrong, of St. Louis, Mo., on motion of Mr. Henry C.
Lowenhaupt; James W. Archer, of San Diego, Calif., on motion of
Mr. Paul C. Warnke; Hyman Fisch, of New York, N. Y., on motion
of Mr. Harry Saidman; Bernard J. Hasson, Jr., of Washington, D. C.,
on motion of Mr. Anthony J. Iacobo; Peter Watson Billings, of Salt
Lake City, Utah, and Theodore Hanna Wangensteen, of Minneapolis,
Minn., on motion of Mr. Edward Richard Callister; and D. A. Troiano,
of Lakeland, Fla., and Clifton M. Kelly, of Lakeland, Fla., on motion
of Mrs. Marie Manley Christie, were admitted to practice.
400278-56-33

MONDAY, JANUARY 14, 1957
127
No. 27. Honorable Walter J. LaBuy, petitioner, v. Howes Leather
Company, Inc. and Montgomery Ward & Co., Inc. On writ of
certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the Seventh
Circuit. Judgment affirmed. Opinion by Mr. Justice Clark. Dissent-
ing opinion by Mr. Justice Brennan in which Mr. Justice Frankfurter,
Mr. Justice Burton, and Mr. Justice Harlan join.
No. 49. Jose Soriano, petitioner, v. The United States. On writ
of certiorari to the United States Court of Claims. Judgment affirmed.
Opinion by Mr. Justice Clark. Dissenting opinion by Mr. Justice
Douglas in which Mr. Justice Black and Mr. Justice Frankfurter
concur.
No. 33. Orlando Delli Paoli, petitioner, v. United States of Amer-
ica. On writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for
the Second Circuit. Judgment affirmed and case remanded to the
United States District Court for the Southern District of New York.
Opinion by Mr. Justice Burton. Dissenting opinion by Mr. Justice
Frankfurter in which Mr. Justice Black, Mr. Justice Douglas, and
Mr. Justice Brennan join.
No. 26. The Leiter Minerals, Inc., petitioner, v. United States of
America et al. On writ of certiorari to the United States Court of
Appeals for the Fifth Circuit. Judgment of the Court of Appeals
modified as indicated in the opinion of this Court and, as modified,
affirmed. The case is remanded to the United States District Court
for the Eastern District of Louisiana for proceedings in conformity
with the opinion of this Court. Opinion by Mr. Justice Frankfurter.
Mr. Justice Douglas dissents in part.
No. 52. United States of America, appellant, v. Ludenia Howard,
Trading as Stokes Fish Company. Appeal from the United States
District Court for the Southern District of Florida. Judgment.
reversed and case remanded to the District Court for further proceed-
ings in conformity with the opinion of this Court. Opinion by Mr.
Justice Reed.
No. 39. United States of America, petitioner, v. Paul E. Plesha
et al. On writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for
the Ninth Circuit. Judgment of the Court of Appeals affirmed and
case remanded to the United States District Court for the Northern
District of California for proceedings in conformity with the opinion
of this Court. Opinion by Mr. Justice Black. Dissents: Mr. Justice
Frankfurter, Mr. Justice Burton, and Mr. Justice Harlan.
No. 53. William Earl Fikes, petitioner, v. State of Alabama. On
writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Alabama. Judgment
reversed with costs and cause remanded to the Supreme Court of
Alabama for proceedings not inconsistent with the opinion of this

MONDAY, JANUARY 14, 1957
128
Court. Opinion by Mr. Chief Justice Warren. Concurring opinion
by Mr. Justice Frankfurter in which Mr. Justice Brennan joins.
Dissenting opinion by Mr. Justice Harlan in which Mr. Justice Reed
and Mr. Justice Burton join.
No. 60. Robert W. Jaffke, petitioner, v. William C. Dunham,
Trustee of the Estate of Robert L. Knetzer, Bankrupt. On writ of
certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the Seventh
Circuit. Judgment reversed and case remanded to said Court of
Appeals for proceedings in conformity with the opinion of this Court.
Opinion per curiam announced by Mr. Chief Justice Warren.
The Chief Justice said:
"The orders of the Court appear upon the list certified by the Chief
Justice and filed with the Clerk and will not be announced orally."
No. 506. In re George E. Addison, appellant. Appeal from the
Supreme Court of Pennsylvania, Eastern District. Per Curiam:
The motion for leave to file and the motion to dismiss are granted.
The appeal is dismissed for want of a substantial federal question.
No. 508. Claudia Walker, as Administratrix of the Estate of Mrs.
Lillie Maybelle Waller Walker, Deceased, appellant, v. State of Cali-
fornia et al. Appeal from the District Court of Appeal of California,
Third Appellate District; and
No. 588. Paul Spielvogel, appellant, v. Arthur C. Ford, Commis-
sioner of the Department of Water Supply, Gas and Electricity of the
City of New York, et al. Appeal from the Supreme Court of New
York, New York County. Per Curiam: The motions to dismiss are
granted and the appeals are dismissed for want of a substantial
federal question.
No. 341, Misc. Arthur A. Schon, appellant, v. Rita A. Schon. Ap-
peal from the Supreme Court of Florida. Per Curiam: The appeal
is dismissed for want of jurisdiction.
No. 394, Misc. Bernard B. Leight, appellant, v. Joseph Schechter,
Personnel Director and Chairman of the Municipal Civil Service Com-
mission, et al. Appeal from and petition for writ of certiorari to the
Court of Appeals of New York. Per Curiam: The motion to dismiss
is granted and the appeal is dismissed for want of a substantial fed-
eral question. The petition for writ of certiorari is denied.
No. 573. La Verl Johnson and Joleen Johnson, husband and wife,
and Pacific Fruit Express Company, petitioners, v. Union Pacific
Railroad Company, a Corporation. On petition for writ of certiorari
to the United States Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit. Per
Curiam: The petition for writ of certiorari is granted and the judg-
ment is reversed on the authority of Russell v. City of Idaho Falls,

MONDAY, JANUARY 14, 1957
129
No. 8431, decided by the Supreme Court of Idaho, December 24, 1956.
The case is remanded to the Court of Appeals for proceedings con-
sistent with this holding. Mr. Justice Reed, Mr. Justice Frankfurter,
Mr. Justice Burton, and Mr. Justice Harlan would not grant the
petition for writ of certiorari, but in any event, upon its being granted,
would vacate the judgment of the Court of Appeals and remand the
case for reconsideration by that court in light of the decision of the
Supreme Court of Idaho in the case of Russell v. City of Idaho Falls, No. 8431,
decided by the latter court December 24, 1956, after the
decision in the present case. No. --- In the Matter of Arthur Alan Reich.
-
Arthur Alan Reich,
of Flushing, New York, having resigned as a member of the bar of this
Court, it is ordered that his name be stricken from the roll of attorneys
admitted to practice in this Court.
No. 404. Wisconsin Electric Power Company, appellant, v. City of
Milwaukee, a Municipal Corporation. The order entered in this case
on December 17, 1956, is amended to provide for a remand of the
case to the Supreme Court of Wisconsin.
No. 566. Alfonse Bartkus, petitioner, v. People of the State of
Illinois. It is ordered that Walter T. Fisher, Esquire, of Chicago,
Illinois, a member of the Bar of this Court, be appointed to serve as
counsel for the petitioner in this case.
No. 567. William Hoag, petitioner, v. The State of New Jersey. It
is ordered that Robert E. Knowlton, Esquire, of Camden, New Jersey,
be appointed to serve as counsel for the petitioner in this case.
No. 568. Lovander Ladner, petitioner, v. United States of America.
It is ordered that Harold Rosenwald, Esquire, of Boston, Massachu-
setts, a member of the Bar of this Court, be appointed to serve as
counsel for the petitioner in this case.
No. 569. Willie B. Moore, petitioner, v. State of Michigan. It is
ordered that William H. Culver, Esquire, of Kalamazoo, Michigan, be
appointed to serve as counsel for the petitioner in this case.
No. 64. Libson Shops, Inc., petitioner, v. Gustave F. Koehler,
District Director of Internal Revenue. The motion for leave to file
brief of Newmarket Manufacturing Company, as amicus curiae, is
granted with leave to parties to respond if so advised.
No. 92. Rudolph Schware, petitioner, v. Board of Bar Examiners
of the State of New Mexico. The motion for leave to file brief of
Harriet Buhai, as amicus curiae, is denied.
No. 103. National Labor Relations Board, petitioner, v. Truck
Drivers Local Union No. 449, International Brotherhood of Team-
sters, Chauffeurs, Warehousemen, and Helpers of America, A. F. L.

"
MONDAY, JANUARY 14, 1957
130
The motion of Linen and Credit Exchange et al. for leave to appear
and present oral argument, as amici curiae, is denied.
No. 216. United States of America, petitioner, v. Newmarket Man-
ufacturing Company. The motion for leave to file supplement to
brief for respondent in opposition is granted.
No. 572. Clemente Martinez Perez, petitioner, v. Herbert Brownell,
Jr., Attorney General of the United States of America. The motion.
for waiver of payment of Clerk's costs and to print petitioner's briefs
and record at public expense is granted.
No. 559. United States of America, appellant, v. Gerald H. Sharp-
nack. Appeal from the United States District Court for the Western
District of Texas; and
No. 602. Rose Staub, appellant, v. City of Baxley. Appeal from
the Court of Appeals of Georgia. In these cases probable jurisdiction
is noted and the cases are transferred to the summary calendar.
No. 61. David S. Alberts, appellant, v. State of California. Ap-
peal from the Superior Court of California, Los Angeles County,
Appellate Department;
No. 107. Kingsley Books, Inc., Louis Finkelstein, Doing Business
as Times Book Shop, et al., appellants, v. Peter Campbell Brown,
Corporation Counsel of the City of New York. Appeal from the
Court of Appeals of New York; and
No. 582. Samuel Roth, petitioner, v. United States of America. On
petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the Second Circuit. In Nos. 61 and 107 probable jurisdiction is
noted. In No. 582 the petition for writ of certiorari is granted, lim-
ited to questions 1, 2, and 3 presented by the petition for the writ
which read as follows:
"1. Does the federal obscenity statute (18 U. S. C. § 1461, 62 Stat.
768, 69 Stat. 183) violate the freedom of speech and freedom of the
press guarantees of the First Amendment?
"2. Does the federal obscenity statute (18 U. S. C. § 1461, 62 Stat.
768, 69 Stat. 183) violate the due process clause of the Fifth Amend-
ment?
"3. Does the federal obscenity statute (18 U. S. C. § 1461, 62 Stat.
768, 69 Stat. 183) violate the First, Ninth and Tenth Amendments in
that it improperly invades powers reserved to the States and to the
people?" The cases are consolidated and a total of three hours al-
lowed for oral argument.
No. 401. City of Detroit, a Michigan Municipal Corporation, et al.,
appellants, v. The Murray Corporation of America, a Delaware Cor-

MONDAY, JANUARY 14, 1957
131
poration, et al. Appeal from the United States Court of Appeals
for the Sixth Circuit;
No. 487. United States of America and Borg-Warner Corporation
(Detroit Gear Division), an Illinois Corporation, appellants, v. City of
Detroit, a Municipal Corporation. Appeal from the Supreme Court
of Michigan;
No. 564. United States of America, appellant, v. Township of
Muskegon, a Municipal Corporation, et el.; and
No. 565. Continental Motors Corporation et al., appellants, v.
Township of Muskegon, a Municipal Corporation, et al. Appeals
from the Supreme Court of Michigan; and
No. 563. City of Detroit, a Michigan Municipal Corporation, et al.,
petitioners, v. The Murray Corporation of America, a Delaware Cor-
poration, et al. On petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Court of Appeals for the Sixth Circuit. In No. 401 further consider-
ation of the question of jurisdiction is postponed to the hearing of the
case on the merits. In Nos. 487, 564, and 565 probable jurisdiction
is noted. In No. 563 the petition for writ of certiorari is granted.
The cases are consolidated and a total of three hours allowed for oral
argument.
No. 607. Freeman Taylor and Homer L. Demoss, petitioners, v.
United States of America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
United States Court of Appeals for the Sixth Circuit granted.
No. 525. The United States, petitioner, v. Central Eureka Mining
Company (a Corporation) et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
United States Court of Claims granted and case transferred to the
summary calendar.
No. 557. William J. Kernan, Administrator of the Estate of Arthur
E. Milan, Deceased, et al., petitioners, v. American Dredging Com-
pany, etc. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court
of Appeals for the Third Circuit granted and case transferred to the
summary calendar.
No. 574. United States of America, petitioner, v. The New York,
New Haven and Hartford Railroad Company. Petition for writ of
certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the First Circuit
granted and case transferred to the summary calendar.
No. 538. Floyd Linn Rathbun, petitioner, v. United States of
America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Court of Appeals for the Tenth Circuit granted limited to question
1 presented by the petition for the writ which reads as follows:
"1. Is the listening in of third parties on an extension telephone in
an adjoining room, without consent of the sender, an interception of
a telephone message, and the divulgence of the contents of such con-

MONDAY, JANUARY 14, 1957
132
versation prohibited by statute, to wit Sec. 605, Title 47, U. S. C. A.”
The case is transferred to the summary calendar.
No. 539. International Association of Machinists, an Unincorpo-
rated Association; Charles Truax, Individually, etc., et al., petition-
ers, v. Marcos Gonzales. Petition for writ of certiorari to the District
Court of Appeal of California, First Appellate District, granted and
case assigned for argument immediately following No. 427. The
Solicitor General is invited to file a brief expressing the views of the
National Labor Relations Board.
No. 545. United States of America, ex rel. Lee Kum Hoy, Lee Kum
Cherk, and Lee Moon Wah, petitioners, v. Edward J. Shaughnessy,
District Director of the Immigration and Naturalization Service.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the Second Circuit granted limited to the question of whether
there was unconstitutional discrimination against petitioners by the
use of blood tests in determination of their application for entry to this
country. The case is transferred to the summary calendar.
No. 401, Misc. Jeremiah Reeves, Jr., petitioner, v. The State of
Alabama. Motion for leave to proceed in forma pauperis and petition
for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Alabama granted. The
case is transferred to the appellate docket.
No. 457. Continental Oil Company, petitioner, v. Federal Power
Commission. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 459. Interstate Power Company, Northern States Power Com-
pany, et al., petitioners, v. Federal Power Commission et al.; and
No. 476. Northern Natural Gas Company, petitioner, v. Federal
Power Commission et al. Petitions for writs of certiorari to the
United States Court of Appeals for the Eighth Circuit denied.
No. 530. Humble Oil & Refining Company, petitioner, v. Federal
Power Commission. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United
States Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 536. T. George David, petitioner, v. State of Michigan. Peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of Genesee County,
Michigan, denied.
No. 546. International Brotherhood of Teamsters, Chauffeurs,
Warehousemen and Helpers of America, Local No. 878; Odell Smith
and Jimmy Harrison, petitioners, v. M. E. Blassingame and Ralph
Royse. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of
Arkansas denied.

MONDAY, JANUARY 14, 1957
133
No. 548. Buffalo Faultless Pants Company, Inc., petitioner, v. The
United States. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Court of Claims denied.
No. 553. Josephine Kus, petitioner, v. United States of America.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the Seventh Circuit denied.
No. 555. Morris Trieber, petitioner, v. John O. England, Trustee
in Bankruptcy of the Estate of Gayne Sales Co., Inc., a Corporation,
Bankrupt. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court
of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit denied.
No. 556. Henry B. Mikelberg and Rose Mikelberg, petitioners, v.
Commisioner of Internal Revenue. Petition for writ of certiorari
to the United States Court of Appeals for the Third Circuit denied.
No. 558. Magnolia Petroleum Company, The Ohio Oil Company,
The Superior Oil Company, and Wesley West, petitioners, v. Federal
Power Commission. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United
States Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 560. Israel Balanovski, Samuel Bernard Horenstein, Compania
Argentina de Intercambio Comercial, et al., petitioners, v. United
States of America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United
States Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit denied.
No. 562. Charles A. Givins, petitioner, v. C. A. Moulton. Petition
for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Alabama denied.
No. 575. Albert A. Arvidson, W. J. Whiteaker, et al., petitioners,
v. Reynolds Metals Company, a Corporation. Petition for writ of
certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the Ninth Cir-
cuit denied.
No. 576. Irving A. Rosenblum, petitioner, v. United States of
America; and
No. 577. Jeanne Ansell, H. J. K. Theatre Corporation, K. B.
Theatre Corporation, et al., petitioners, v. United States of America.
Petitions for writs of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the Second Circuit denied.
No. 578. E. F. Drew & Co., Inc., petitioner, v. Federal Trade Com-
mission. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court
of Appeals for the Second Circuit denied.
No. 579. Union Oil Company of California and Louisiana Land
and Exploration Company, petitioners, v. Federal Power Commis-
sion. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of
Appeals for the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 580. Patrick J. Burke, Reed J. White, Charles Speickerman,
et al., petitioners, v. Adams Dairy, Inc. Petition for writ of cer-
tiorari to the Supreme Court of Missouri denied.

MONDAY, JANUARY 14, 1957
134
No. 581. Joseph Rollins, petitioner, v. State of Michigan. Petition
for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Michigan denied.
No. 583. The Texas Company, petitioner, v. Federal Power Com-
mission. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court
of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 584. Hunt Oil Company, petitioner, v. Federal Power Com-
mission. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court
of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 585. Roy Lee, Trustee for Hassie Hunt Trust, petitioner, v.
Federal Power Commission. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
United States Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 586. Ralph B. Shank, Trustee for Nelson Bunker Hunt Trust
Estate, petitioner, v. Federal Power Commission. Petition for writ
of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the Fifth
Circuit denied.
No. 592. S. J. Groves & Sons Co., Inc., a Minnesota Corporation,
Eagle, Pennsylvania, Individually and as Assignee of Wallace Wood-
ington, petitioner, v. The Pennsylvania Railroad Company. Petition
for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the
Second Circuit denied.
No. 594. C. A. Daniel, petitioner, v. United States of America. Pe-
tition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for
the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 595. Arthur Schofield et al., petitioners, v. Ezra Taft Benson,
Secretary of Agriculture and Intervenors, New England Milk Pro-
ducers' Association, et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United
States Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia Circuit denied.
No. 598. John S. Nachtman, petitioner, v. Jones & Laughlin Steel
Corporation. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Court of Appeals for the Third Circuit denied.
No. 600. J. M. Huber Corporation, petitioner, v. Federal Power
Commission et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United
States Court of Appeals for the Third Circuit denied.
No. 604. Jack Ronald Capehart, petitioner, v. United States of
America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court
of Appeals for the Fourth Circuit denied.
No. 606. Charles Francis Adams et al., Massachusetts Trustees of
Eastern Gas & Fuel Associates, etc., petitioners, v. Construction Ag-
gregates Corporation. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United.
States Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit denied.
No. 201. Hook & Ackerman, Inc., petitioner, v. Ruth M. Hook,
Executrix of the Estate of C. Howard Hook, Deceased, et al. The
400278-57---34

MONDAY, JANUARY 14, 1957
135
motion to dismiss petition for writ of certiorari of counsel for John
A. McCance, Receiver for Hook & Ackerman, Inc., is denied. Peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for
the Third Circuit denied.
No. 554. Eugene A. Taliaferro, petitioner, v. Dorothy D. Talia-
ferro. The motion to dispense with printing of the petition is
granted. Petition for writ of certiorari to the District Court of
Appeal of California, First Appellate District, denied.
No. 587. The New York, New Haven and Hartford Railroad Com-
pany, petitioner, v. Raymond G. Cahill. The motion for leave to use
record in Cahill v. The New York, New Haven and Hartford Railroad
Company, No. 436, October Term, 1955, is granted. Petition for writ
of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the Second
Circuit denied.
No. 591. E. A. Taliaferro, Doing Business Under the Name and
Style of Davis Auto Exchange, petitioner. v. The Insurance Commis-
sion of the State of California et al. The motion to dispense with
printing of the petition is granted. Petition for writ of certiorari
to the District Court of Appeal of California, First Appellate District,
denied.
No. 605. John M. Petrowski, Grace Ringle, a Minor, by Ervin
Ringle, her guardian ad litem, Francis Gelhar, et al., petitioners, v.
Hawkeye-Security Insurance Company. The motion for leave to use
record in John M. Petrowski, Grace Ringle, a Minor, by Ervin Ringle,
her guardian ad litem v. Hawkeye-Security Insurance Company, No.
469, October Term, 1955, is granted. Petition for writ of certiorari
to the United States Court of Appeals for the Seventh Circuit denied.
No. 610. Marty Russo, petitioner, v. United States of America.
The motion to dispense with printing of the petition is granted. Peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for
the Second Circuit denied.
No. 436. James Richard Bowden, petitioner, v. Commissioner of
Internal Revenue;
No. 471. William R. Barker, petitioner, v. The United States;
No. 523. Alva G. Blanchard, petitioner, v. Robert C. Watson, Com-
missioner of Patents; and
No. 229, Misc. Roland Hall, petitioner, v. United States of Amer-
ica. Petitions for rehearing denied.
No. 443. Harley A. Seybold et al., petitioners, v. Western Electric
Company et al. Motion for leave to file brief of Alliance of Inde-
pendent Telephone Unions, as amicus curiae, granted. Petition for
rehearing denied. Mr. Justice Harlan took no part in the considera-
tion or decision of these applications.

MONDAY, JANUARY 14, 1957
136
No. 512. Anne Livingston Behr, petitioner, v. Mine Safety Appli-
ances Company a Corporation of the State of Pennsylvania, et al.
Petition for rehearing denied. Mr. Justice Reed took no part in the
consideration or decision of this application.
No. 405, Misc., October Term, 1955. Nicholas Smereka, Theodore
Smith and Orville Defoe petitioners, v. The People of the State of
Michigan. Petition for rehearing denied. Mr. Justice Brennan took
no part in the consideration or decision of this application.
No. 393. George Bernstein et al., petitioners, v. United States of
America; and
No. 405. Frank Mekolichick, Jr., and David Charles Wenner, peti-
tioners, v. United States of America. Motions for leave to file peti-
tions for rehearing granted. Petitions for rehearing denied.
No. 145, Misc. Ralph Ford, petitioner, v. United States of Amer-
ica. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of
Appeals for the Sixth Circuit denied.
No. 162, Misc. Jack O. Pettis, petitioner, v. United States of Amer-
ica. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of
Appeals for the District of Columbia Circuit denied.
No. 184, Misc. James S. Turner, petitioner, v. United States of
America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of
Appeals for the District of Columbia Circuit denied.
No. 247, Misc. Otis Loper, petitioner, v. H. E. Moore, Warden,
Texas Prison System. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of
Criminal Appeals of Texas denied.
No. 282, Misc. Ralph Ford, petitioner, v. United States of Amer-
ica. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of
Appeals for the Sixth Circuit denied.
No. 297, Misc. United States of America, ex rel. Artie B. Farmer,
petitioner, v. A. R. Thompson, etc. Petition for writ of certiorari to
the United States Court of Appeals for the Third Circuit denied.
No. 309, Misc. Charles Westbrook, petitioner, v. Ross V. Randolph,
Warden, Illinois State Penitentiary. Petition for writ of certiorari
to the Circuit Court of Randolph County, Illinois, denied.
No. 328, Misc. James Ketter, petitioner, v. Commonwealth of
Pennsylvania. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court
of Pennsylvania, Western District, denied.
No. 329, Misc. Walter Gross, petitioner, v. The State of California.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of California
denied.

MONDAY, JANUARY 14, 1957
137
No. 331, Misc. Joseph Guidice, petitioner, v. The People of the
State of New York. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of
Appeals of New York denied.
No. 334, Misc. Robert Burnett, petitioner, v. State of Missouri.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Missouri
denied.
No. 335, Misc. Clarence St. Clair, petitioner, v. Warden, Missouri
State Prison and State of Missouri. Petition for writ of certiorari to
the Supreme Court of Missouri denied.
No. 336, Misc. Sylvester Jones, petitioner, v. H. E. Moore, Warden.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Criminal Appeals of
Texas denied.
No. 348, Misc. Claudius Crossly, petitioner, v. Joseph E. Ragen,
Warden. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of
Illinois denied.
No. 353, Misc. Stanley Payne Sampson, petitioner, v. People of the
State of California. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme
Court of California denied.
No. 354, Misc. Anthony Paqua, petitioner, v. Edward M. Fay,
Warden, Green Haven Prison, Stormville, New York. Petition for
writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the
Second Circuit denied.
No. 356, Misc. Harry H. Smith, petitioner, v. United States of
America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court
of Appeals for the District of Columbia Circuit denied.
No. 364, Misc. Edward Eugene Watson, Jr., petitioner, v. W. Mc-
☐ Kay Skillman, a Judge, William T. Patrick, Jr., and Asher L.
Cornelius. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court
of Appeals for the Sixth Circuit denied.
No. 366, Misc. Howard Traynham, petitioner, v. State of Mary-
land. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals of
Maryland denied.
No. 368, Misc. John Benjamin Long, petitioner, v. State of Mary-
land. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court for Wash-
ington County, Maryland, denied.
No. 370, Misc. Franklin R. Brown, petitioner, v. United States of
America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court
of Appeals for the District of Columbia Circuit denied.
No. 371, Misc. Lee Scalf, petitioner, v. Ira M. Coiner, Warden.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Appeals of
West Virginia denied.

MONDAY, JANUARY 14, 1957
138
No. 374, Misc. Robert Lee Harris, petitioner, v. Raymond J.
Buckhoe, Warden. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme
Court of Michigan denied.
No. 380, Misc. James Heard, petitioner, v. William H. Bannan,
Warden, et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court
of Michigan denied.
No. 385, Misc. Frederick Romeo, petitioner, v. Frank Smyth, Jr.,
Superintendent of the Virginia State Penitentiary. Petition for
writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Appeals of Virginia denied.
No. 386, Misc. Thomas Panariello, petitioner, v. The People of the
State of New York. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of
Appeals of New York denied.
No. 387, Misc. William Wade, petitioner, v. People of the State of
New York. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Appellate Division
of the Supreme Court of New York, Second Judicial Department,
denied.
No. 390, Misc. Charles Gordon Vick, petitioner, v. The Memphis
and Shelby County Bar Association, Inc. Petition for writ of cer-
tiorari to the Supreme Court of Tennessee denied.
No. 392, Misc. Lovick Adams, petitioner, v. State of Florida. Pe-
tition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Florida denied.
No. 397, Misc. Chester Oughton, petitioner, v. United States of
America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court
of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit denied.
No. 344, Misc. Anthony Novak, petitioner, v. State of New Jersey.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of New Jersey
denied. Mr. Justice Brennan took no part in the consideration or
decision of this application.
No. 361, Misc. James Tyrone McCarter, petitioner, v. Ross V. Ran-
dolph, Warden, etc., et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
Criminal Court of Cook County, Illinois, denied and motion for leave
to file petition for writ of habeas corpus denied.
No. 359, Misc. Mollie Eagle, petitioner, v. Benjamin Cherney and
Samuel H. Berger, et al. Motion for leave to file further petition for
writ of certiorari denied.
No. 360, Misc. Lee Angus Davis, petitioner, v. United States of
America. Motion for leave to file petition for writ of certiorari,
habeas corpus and other relief denied.

MONDAY, JANUARY 14, 1957
139
No. 375, Misc. Raymond Wason Nichols, petitioner, v. American
Telephone & Telegraph Co. et al. Motion for leave to file petition
for writ of certiorari denied. Mr. Justice Harlan took no part in
the consideration or decision of this application.
No. 391, Misc. Vernon Eugene Goodson, petitioner, v. United
States of America. Motion for leave to file petition for writ of
certiorari and petition for writ of mandamus denied.
No. 327, Misc. Charles Howard, petitioner, v. United States of
America et al.;
No. 330, Misc. In re Luther Curran Wells, Jr., petitioner;
No. 332, Misc. In re Cosmo Tabano, petitioner;
No. 333, Misc. Steve A. Goulding, petitioner, v. United States of
America;
No. 339, Misc. In re Robert Anderson, petitioner;
No. 340, Misc. Paul King, petitioner, v. Dr. John F. McNeill;
No. 343, Misc. In re Kenneth E. Miller, petitioner;
No. 355, Misc. William Ross Mahar, petitioner, v. P. A. Lainson,
Warden, Iowa State Penitentiary;
No. 365, Misc. Chester Hibbs, petitioner, v. H. C. McLeod, Warden,
and the State of Oklahoma; and
No. 388, Misc. In the Matter of the Application of George Harris,
petitioner. Motions for leave to file petitions for writs of habeas
corpus denied.
No. 358, Misc. Clarence L. Butler, petitioner, v. Honorable Bolitha
J. Laws, Chief Judge, etc.;
No. 363, Misc. Oliver Garfield Davis, petitioner, v. Commonwealth
of Pennsylvania;
No. 376, Misc. State of Tennessee, petitioner, v. Honorable Marion
Boyd, Judge, United States District Court for the Western District
of Tennessee and the District Court of the United States for said
District; and
No. 406, Misc. Wade H. Cooper, petitioner, v. United States of
America. Motions for leave to file petitions for writs of mandamus
denied.
No. 5. Raphael Konigsberg, petitioner, v. The State Bar of Cali-
fornia and the Committee of Bar Examiners of the State Bar of
California. Argued by Mr. Edward Mosk for the petitioner and by
Mr. Frank B. Belcher for the respondents.

MONDAY, JANUARY 14, 1957
140
No. 92. Rudolph Schware, petitioner, v. Board of Bar Examiners
of the State of New Mexico. Argument commenced by Mr. Herbert
Monte Levy for the petitioner.
Adjourned until tomorrow at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Tuesday, January 15, will be as follows: Nos. 92,
64, 75, and 41.

TUESDAY, JANUARY 15, 1957
141
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: Mr. Chief Justice Warren, Mr. Justice Black, Mr. Justice
Reed, Mr. Justice Frankfurter, Mr. Justice Douglas, Mr. Justice Bur-
ton, Mr. Justice Clark, Mr. Justice Harlan, and Mr. Justice Brennan.
Walter Wencke, of San Diego, Calif., on motion of Mr. Charles P.
Scully; Paul F. Schlicher, of Mattoon, Ill., on motion of Mr. Frank
H. Strickler; Thomas E. Pyne, of Washington, D. C., on motion of
Mr. Clyde B. Aitchison; Arthur H. Fribourg, of New York, N. Y.,
on motion of Mr. Samuel David Slade; Charlotte C. D'Antonio, of
New York, N. Y., Domenick Leonard Natale, of New York, N. Y.,
William Joseph Natale, of New York, N. Y., Rocco Joseph Natale, of
New York, N. Y., and Louis Bloch, of New York, N. Y., on motion.
of Mr. Augustin J. San Filippo; William L. Gray, Jr., of Miami,
Fla., and Clemen J. Ehrlich, of Miami, Fla., on motion of Mr. John
J. Carmody; Leo Erck, of New York, N. Y., on motion of Mr. William
Blum, Jr.; Edward J. Liebman, of New York, N. Y., Nicholas R.
Bach, of Englewood, N. J., and William Lattin Wilkin, of Schenec-
tady, N. Y., on motion of Mr. Harlan L. Kays, Jr.; David P. Dawson,
of New York, N. Y., on motion of Mr. Robert E. Kline, Jr.; and
Clarence T. Kipps, Jr., of Washington, D. C., on motion of Mr. David
Walker Richmond, were admitted to practice.
No. 92. Rudolph Schware, petitioner, v. Board of Bar Examiners
of the State of New Mexico. Argument continued by Mr. Herbert
Monte Levy for the petitioner, continued by Mr. William A. Sloan and
Mr. Fred M. Standley for the respondent, and concluded by Mr.
Herbert Monte Levy for the petitioner.
No. 64. Libson Shops, Inc., petitioner, v. Gustave F. Koehler, Dis-
trict Director of Internal Revenue. Argued by Mr. Henry C. Lowen-
haupt for the petitioner, continued by Mr. John N. Stull for the
respondent and concluded by Mr. Owen T. Armstrong for the
petitioner.
No. 75. United States of America, petitioner, v. Schneer's Atlanta,
Inc. Argument commenced by Mr. Samuel D. Slade for the petitioner.
Adjourned until tomorrow at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Wednesday, January 16, will be as follows: Nos.
75, 41, 50, 280, and 71.
400278-57-35

1
142
WEDNESDAY, JANUARY 16, 1957
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: Mr. Chief Justice Warren, Mr. Justice Black, Mr. Justice
Reed, Mr. Justice Frankfurter, Mr. Justice Douglas, Mr. Justice
Burton, Mr. Justice Clark, Mr. Justice Harlan, and Mr. Justice
Brennan.
D. J. Korkowski, of Rantoul, Ill., on motion of Mr. Samuel David
Slade; Herbert I. Rothbart, of Chicago, Ill., on motion of Mr. John
Dwight Evans, Jr.; Ernest George Montague, of New York, N. Y.,
on motion of Mr. John M. Mason; Joseph Di Fede, of New York,
N. Y., and Jay Kramer, of Great Neck, N. Y., on motion of Mr.
Philip Feldblum; Christopher W. Hoey, of New York, N. Y., on
motion of Mr. Thomas E. Shroyer; John L. Goldstone, of New York,
N. Y., on motion of Mr. Monroe Karasik; and Albert Joseph Feld-
man, of Philadelphia, Pa., on motion of Mr. Milton M. Gottesman,
were admitted to practice.
No. 75. United States of America, petitioner, v. Schneer's Atlanta,
Inc. Argument continued by Mr. M. H. Blackshear, Jr., for the re-
spondent and concluded by Mr. Samuel D. Slade for the petitioner.
No. 41. Amalgamated Meat Cutters and Butcher Workmen of
North America, Local No. 427, AFL, et al., petitioners, v. Fairlawn
Meats, Inc. Argued by Mr. Mozart G. Ratner for the petitioners
and by Mr. Stanley Denlinger for the respondent.
No. 50. San Diego Building Trades Council et al., petitioners, v.
J. S. Garmon et al. Argued by Mr. Charles P. Scully for the peti-
tioners and by Mr. James W. Archer for the respondents.
No. 280. P. S. Guss d/b/a Photo Sound Products Manufacturing
Company, appellant, v. Utah Labor Relations Board. Argued by
Mr. Peter W. Billings for the appellant and by Mr. E. R. Callister
for the appellee.
No. 71. Luis Alvara Ceballos (Y Arboleda), petitioner, v. Edward
J. Shaughnessy, District Director of the Immigration and Natural-
ization Service at the Port of New York. Argument commenced by
Mr. Sidney Kansas for the petitioner.
Adjourned until tomorrow at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Thursday, January 17, will be as follows: Nos.
71, 94, and 103.
Х
400278-57-36

THURSDAY, JANUARY 17, 1957
143
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: Mr. Chief Justice Warren, Mr. Justice Black, Mr. Justice
Reed, Mr. Justice Frankfurter, Mr. Justice Douglas, Mr. Justice
Burton, Mr. Justice Clark, Mr. Justice Harlan, and Mr. Justice
Brennan.
Loren Edward Weltmer, of Mankato, Kans., and James Russell
Brodie, of Sioux City, Iowa, on motion of Mr. Wint Smith; Thomas D.
Graham, of Jefferson City, Mo., on motion of Mr. Morgan M. Moulder;
James P. Morgan, of Chicago, Ill., on motion of Mr. Donald B. Mac-
Guineas; Henry Wimpfheimer, of New York, N. Y., on motion of Mr.
Herbert Zelenko; Thomas Cooney Hall, of Lake Charles, La., on mo-
tion of Mr. John Minor Wisdom; William A. Grier, of New York,
N. Y., Louis H. Bridenstine, of Detroit, Mich., George Andrew Brooks,
of New York, N. Y., William J. Oldani, of Detroit, Mich., Donald
King Barnes, of Detroit, Mich., Edward B. Wallace, of New York,
N. Y., Aloysius F. Power, of Detroit, Mich., and Keith Douglas Mann,
of Detroit, Mich., on motion of Mr. Henry M. Hogan; Frank J. Kock-
ritz, Jr., of San Diego, Calif., on motion of Mr. Noble McCartney;
Milton David Stewart, of Albany, N. Y., on motion of Mr. Charles S.
Murphy; and Oliver K. K. Nelson, of Turlock, Calif., on motion of
Mr. Drexel A. Sprecher, were admitted to practice.
No. 71. Luis Alvara Ceballos (Y Arboleda), petitioner, v. Edward
J. Shaughnessy, District Director of the Immigration and Naturaliza-
tion Service at the Port of New York. Argument continued by Mr.
Sidney Kansas for the petitioner, by Mr. Oscar H. Davis for the re-
spondent and concluded by Mr. Sidney Kansas for the petitioner.
No. 94. William Radovich, petitioner, v. National Football League,
Bert Bell, J. Rufus Klawans, et al. Argued by Mr. Maxwell Keith
for the petitioner, by Mr. Philip Elman for the United States, as
amicus curiae, and by Mr. Marshall E. Leahy and Mr. Bernard I.
Nordlinger for the respondents.
400278-57--87

THURSDAY, JANUARY 17, 1957
144
No. 103. National Labor Relations Board, petitioner, v. Truck
Drivers Local Union No. 449, International Brotherhood of Team-
sters, Chauffeurs, Warehousemen and Helpers of America, A. F. L.
Argument commenced by Mr. Dominick L. Manoli for the petitioner.
Adjourned until Monday, January 21, next, at
o'clock.
The day call for Tuesday, January 22, will be as follows: Nos. 103,
137, 265, and 97.
×

MONDAY, JANUARY 21, 1957
145
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: Mr. Chief Justice Warren, Mr. Justice Black, Mr. Justice
Reed, Mr. Justice Frankfurter, Mr. Justice Douglas, Mr. Justice Bur-
ton, Mr. Justice Clark, Mr. Justice Harlan, and Mr. Justice Brennan.
Vaughn Noste Woodruff, of Peoria, Ill., on motion of Mr. Timothy
Whitzel Swain, was admitted to practice.
The Chief Justice said:
"The orders of the Court appear upon the list certified by the Chief
Justice and filed with the Clerk and will not be announced orally."
No. 75. United States of America, petitioner, v. Schneer's Atlanta,
Inc. On writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for
the Fifth Circuit. Per Curiam: The judgment of the Court of Ap-
peals is reversed and the judgment of the United States District
Court for the Northern District of Georgia is reinstated. Defense
Production Act of 1950, § 706 (b) (64 Stat. 817, 50 U. S. C. App.
§ 2156 (b)).
No. 599. Federal Housing Administration, appellant, v. The Dar-
lington, Inc. Appeal from the United States District Court for the
Eastern District of South Carolina. Per Curiam: Probable jurisdic-
tion is noted. In view of the refusal of the appellant to approve rental
schedules for furnished apartments in appellee's apartment project
unless appellee agrees not to rent apartments for periods of less than
30 days, a cause of action for injunctive relief is stated. An injunc-
tion restraining enforcement of an Act of Congress for repugnance
to the Constitution cannot, however, be granted by any District Court
unless the application is heard and determined by a three-judge Dis-
trict Court, 28 U. S. C. § 2282. The judgment is therefore reversed
and the case is remanded for consideration by a three-judge District
Court.
No. 153, Misc. Diego Gonzalez, petitioner, v. United States of Amer-
ica. On petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court
of Appeals for the First Circuit. Per Curiam: The motion for leave
to proceed in forma pauperis and the petition for writ of certiorari
are granted. In light of the memorandum of the Solicitor General
and upon our consideration of the entire record, the order is vacated
and the cause is remanded to the Court of Appeals for consideration
on the merits as a timely appeal under the Federal Rules of Civil
Procedure.
400278-57-38

MONDAY, JANUARY 21, 1957
146
No. 11, Original. United States of America, plaintiff, v. State of
Louisiana. The motion by the State of Louisiana to take depositions
and the motion by the United States for judgment are set for hearing
on Monday, April 8th, next. The Chief Justice took no part in the
consideration or decision of these motions.
No. 115. J. S. Garlington, by Donald Garlington as Next Friend,
etc., et al., appellants, v. A. L. Wasson and wife Martha Wasson and
N. H. Reed. The motion to treat appeal papers as a petition for writ
of certiorari is granted and the order entered in this case on October 8,
1956, is amended to read as follows:
"Per Curiam: The appeal is dismissed for want of jurisdiction.
Treating the papers whereon the appeal was taken as a petition for
writ of certiorari, certiorari is denied." Mr. Justice Brennan took
no part in the consideration or decision of this case.
No. 475. Lloyd Morey, Auditor of Public Accounts of the State of
Illinois, et al., appellants, v. George W. Doud et al., Doing Business as
Bondified Systems, et al. The motion to substitute Benjamin S.
Adamowski as a party appellant in the place and stead of John
Gutknecht is granted.
No. 644. Northern Pacific Railway Company and Northwestern
Improvement Company, appellants, v. United States of America.
Appeal from the United States District Court for the Western District
of Washington. In this case probable jurisdiction is noted and the
case is transferred to the summary calendar. Mr. Justice Clark took
no part in the consideration or decision of this application.
No. 552. Michael Wilson, Gale Sondergard, Howard DaSilva, et al.,
petitioners, v. Loew's Incorporated, a Corporation, Paramount Pic-
tures, Inc., a Corporation, et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to
the District Court of Appeal of California, Second Appellate
District, granted.
No. 615. Myron Wiener, petitioner, v. The United States. Petition
for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Claims granted.
No. 540. Civil Aeronautics Board, petitioner, v. Ida Mae Hermann
et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Ap-
peals for the Ninth Circuit granted and case transferred to the sum-
mary calendar.
No. 596. United States of America, petitioner, v. Walter Korpan.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the Seventh Circuit granted and case transferred to the summary
calendar.

MONDAY, JANUARY 21, 1957
147
No. 236. Gulf Refining Company, petitioner, v. Isaac R. Price et al.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 593. Walter L. Davis, petitioner, v. State of Mississippi. Peti-
tionfor writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Mississippi denied.
No. 601. J. D. Lewis and Zelma W. Lewis, petitioners, v. Spencer
Carver, Trustee. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Court of Appeals for the Tenth Circuit denied.
No. 612. Milton H. Olender, petitioner, v. United States of Amer-
ica. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Ap-
peals for the Ninth Circuit denied.
No. 613. Valley Bell Dairy Co., Inc., a Corporation, Fairmont
Foods Company, a Corporation, Beatrice Foods Co., Inc., a Corpora-
tion, et al., petitioners, v. United States of America. Petition for writ
of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the Fourth
Circuit denied.
No. 625. Viriks Rederi A/S (Haldor Virik, Manager), as Owner of
the T/S Sandefjord, petitioner, v. Polarus Steamship Co., Inc., as
owner of T/S Polarusoil. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United
States Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit denied.
No. 628. Rex F. Curry, The Carter Oil Company, a Corporation,
and C. E. McCaughey, petitioners, v. K. O. Gates and Louise Smalling.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Oklahoma de-
nied.
No. 518. M. E. Collins, petitioner, v. Atlantic Coast Line Railroad
Company; and
No. 522. Janet R. Parker, petitioner, v. Catherine R. Howell et al.
Petitions for rehearing denied.
No. 306, Misc. Thomas White Gore, petitioner, v. United States of
America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court
of Appeals for the Sixth Circuit denied.
No. 323, Misc. James A. Williams, petitioner, v. United States of
America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court
of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit denied.
No. 362, Misc. Clay Riggle, petitioner, v. State of Wyoming. Peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Wyoming denied.

MONDAY, JANUARY 21, 1957
ORDER
148
The Court will take a recess from Monday, January 28, until Mon-
day, February 25, next.
The Court adjourned for the purpose of attending the inauguration
of the President of the United States.
Adjourned until Tuesday, January 22, at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Tuesday, January 22, will be as follows: Nos. 103,
137, 265, and 97.
☑

TUESDAY, JANUARY 22, 1957
149
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: Mr. Chief Justice Warren, Mr. Justice Black, Mr. Justice
Reed, Mr. Justice Frankfurter, Mr. Justice Douglas, Mr. Justice Bur-
ton, Mr. Justice Clark, Mr. Justice Harlan, and Mr. Justice Brennan.
Louis H. Le Mieux, of Milwaukee, Wis., Julian Howard Singman,
of Washington, D. C., and Thomas A. Larkin, of Jacksonville, Fla.,
on motion of Mr. Solicitor General James Lee Rankin; Richard Owen
Michael, of Jackson, Ohio, and Karl Hull Weaner, of Defiance, Ohio,
on motion of Mr. John W. Bricker; Robert L. McDonald, of Reno,
Nev., and Joseph F. McDonald, Jr., of Las Vegas, Nev., on motion
of Mr. Alan Bible; Charles E. Wittenmeyer, of Davenport, Iowa, on
motion of Mr. Thomas Ellsworth Martin; John P. Ilsley, of Gillette,
Wyo., on motion of Mr. Frank A. Barrett; Ambrose H. Lindhorst,
of Cincinnati, Ohio, and Peter Outcalt, of Cincinnati, Ohio, on motion
of Mr. William E. Hess; Robert Foster Cherry, of Edinburg, Tex.,
on motion of Mr. Joe M. Kilgore; Jack Lee Orkin, of New York, N. Y.,
on motion of Mr. J. Edgar Murdock; Edward Stuart Nelson, of
Norwich, N. Y., Peter Jay Hughes, of Los Angeles, Calif., and Arnold
Irwin Burns, of New York, N. Y., on motion of Mr. J. L. Searles;
Harold W. Jewett, Jr., of Oakland, Calif., on motion of Mr. Lloyd
Hudson Burke; Arthur W. Lichtenstein, of New York, N. Y., on
motion of Mr. Alexander Kahan; John William Damisch, of Chicago,
Ill., on motion of Mr. William Pitt Shattuck; John Boyd McKinley,
of Monroe, La., on motion of Mr. Ellsworth C. Alvord; William
George Eovaldi, of Benton, Ill., on motion of Mr. Evan Howell;
Stanley D. Baskin, of Pasadena, Tex., on motion of Mr. Paul D.
Page, Jr.; and Edwin M. Miller, of Silver Spring, Md., on motion of
Mr. William Leigh Ellis, were admitted to practice.
No. 78. The United States, petitioner, v. The Allen-Bradley Com-
pany. On writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Claims.
Judgment reversed and case remanded to the United States Court of
Claims for proceedings in conformity with the opinion of this Court.
Opinion by Mr. Justice Black. Concurring opinion by Mr. Justice
Harlan.
No. 124. National Lead Company, petitioner, v. Commissioner of
Internal Revenue. On writ of certiorari to the United States Court
of Appeals for the Second Circuit. Judgment affirmed and case
400278-57-39

TUESDAY, JANUARY 22, 1957
150
remanded to the Court of Appeals for proceedings in conformity with
the opinion of this Court. Opinion by Mr. Justice Black. Mr. Justice
Harlan joins in the Court's decision for the reasons stated in his
concurring opinion in United States v. Allen-Bradley Company
decided this day.
No. 4. National Labor Relations Board, petitioner, v. Lion Oil
Company and Monsanto Chemical Co. On writ of certiorari to the
United States Court of Appeals for the Eighth Circuit. Judgment
reversed and case remanded to the Court of Appeals for proceedings
in conformity with the opinion of this Court. Opinion by Mr. Chief
Justice Warren. Opinion by Mr. Justice Frankfurter concurring in
part and dissenting in part. Opinion by Mr. Justice Harlan con-
curring in part and dissenting in part. Mr. Justice Brennan took no
part in the consideration or decision of this case.
No. 103. National Labor Relations Board, petitioner, v. Truck
Drivers Local Union No. 449, International Brotherhood of Team-
sters, Chauffeurs, Warehousemen and Helpers of America, A. F. L.
Argument continued by Mr. Dominick L. Manoli for the petitioner
and concluded by Mr. Thomas P. McMahon for the respondent.
No. 137. Ben Gold, petitioner, v. United States of America. Argu-
ment commenced by Mr. Harold I. Cammer for the petitioner and
continued by Mr. Joseph A. Lowther for the respondent.
Adjourned until tomorrow at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Wednesday, January 23, will be as follows: Nos.
137, 265, 97, and 36 (82 and 114).

WEDNESDAY, JANUARY 23, 1957
151
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: Mr. Chief Justice Warren, Mr. Justice Black, Mr. Justice
Reed, Mr. Justice Frankfurter, Mr. Justice Douglas, Mr. Justice
Burton, Mr. Justice Clark, Mr. Justice Harlan, and Mr. Justice
Brennan.
Joseph Weldon Wheeler, of Austin, Tex., on motion of Mr. Homer
Thornberry; Sigrid E. Tompkins, of Portland, Maine, on motion of
Mr. Fred C. Scribner, Jr.; Thomas C. Di Nardo, of Philadelphia, Pa.,
on motion of Mr. Hugh D. Scott, Jr.; Richard Jones, of New York,
N. Y., Eliot B. Weathers, of New York, N. Y., and Thomas R. Farrell,
Jr., of New York, N. Y., on motion of Mr. Whitney North Seymour;
Lawrence W. Keepnews, of New York, N. Y., on motion of Mr. James
E. Greeley; Rose Laura Volino, of New York, N. Y., on motion of
Mr. Burton R. Thorman; Albert C. Bard, of Baltimore, Md., on mo-
tion of Mr. Joseph Loeffler; George F. Barbary, of Denver, Colo., on
motion of Mr. Richard S. Farr; Morton Moskin, of New York, N. Y.,
Andrew O. Miller, Jr., of New York, N. Y., and John F. Cogan, Jr.,
of Boston, Mass., on motion of Mr. David Hartfield, Jr.; Walter M.
Rheinschild, of Hollywood, Calif., on motion of Mr. Victor R. Hansen;
Charles Torem, of New York, N. Y., on motion of Mr. Seymour J.
Rubin; and Gordon Brewster Baldwin, of Rochester, N. Y., and
Stanley W. Drucker, of Newport News, Va., on motion of Mr. Peter
Jay Hughes, were admitted to practice.
No. 137. Ben Gold, petitioner, v. United States of America. Argu-
ment continued by Mr. Joseph A. Lowther for the respondent and
concluded by Mr. Joseph Forer for the petitioner.
No. 265. United States of America, appellant, v. American Freight-
ways Company, a Partnership Composed of Allan J. Resler and
Norman Forman. Argued by Mr. Ralph S. Spritzer for the appellant
and by Mr. Samuel Masia for the appellee.
No. 97. United States of America, petitioner, v. Union Pacific
Railroad Company. Argued by Mr. Solicitor General Rankin for the
petitioner and by Mr. William W. Clary for the respondent.
No. 36. Alleghany Corporation et al., appellants, v. Breswick &
Co., et al., as Common Stockholders of Alleghany Corporation, etc.;
No. 82. Baker, Weeks & Co., et al., appellants, v. Breswick & Co.,
et al.;
400278-57-40

WEDNESDAY, JANUARY 23, 1957
152
No. 114. Interstate Commerce Commission, appellant, v. Breswick
& Company, et al. Argument commenced by Mr. Whitney North
Seymour for the appellant, Alleghany Corporation.
Adjourned until tomorrow at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Thursday, January 24, will be as follows: Nos. 36
(82 and 114), and 289.

THURSDAY, JANUARY 24, 1957
153
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: Mr. Chief Justice Warren, Mr. Justice Black, Mr. Justice
Reed, Mr. Justice Frankfurter, Mr. Justice Douglas, Mr. Justice Bur-
ton, Mr. Justice Clark, Mr. Justice Harlan, and Mr. Justice Brennan.
Frank G. Sulewski, of Chicago, Ill., and Oscar M. Smith, of Rome,
Ga., on motion of Mr. Robert W. Ginnane; Patrick J. McDonough, of
Billings, Mont., on motion of Mr. James R. Browning; William F.
Mosner, of Towson, Md., on motion of Mr. Fenton Lee Martin; Louis
L. Haupt, of New York, N. Y., on motion of Mr. Elisha K. Amos;
Raymond J. Bradley, of Philadelphia, Pa., on motion of Mr. Bernard
Wolfman; Carl Budwesky, of Alexandria, Va., on motion of Mr.
Armistead L. Boothe; Howard Adler, Jr., of Washington, D. C., on
motion of Mr. John Robinson Wilkins; Haliburton Fales II, of New
York, N. Y., on motion of Mr. David Hartfield, Jr.; Walter Perry
Dornaus, of Tulsa, Okla., on motion of Mr. Page Belcher; and Allen
L. Feinstein, of New York, N. Y., on motion of Mr. Harold H. Levin,
were admitted to practice.
No. 36. Alleghany Corporation et al., appellants, v. Breswick & Co.
et al., as Common Stockholders of Alleghany Corporation, etc.;
No. 82. Baker, Weeks & Co., et al., appellants, v. Breswick & Co.
et al.; and
No. 114. Interstate Commerce Commission, appellant, v. Breswick
& Company, et al. Argument continued by Mr. Whitney North Sey-
mour for appellant, Alleghany Corporation, by Mr. Robert W. Gin-
nane for the appellant, Interstate Commerce Commission, by Mr.
Harold H. Levin for the appellants, Joseph S. Gruss et al., by Mr.
Alexander Kaban for the appellant, Adelaide Neuwirth, by Mr.
George Brussel, Jr., for appellees, Breswick & Co. and Myron Neis-
loss, by Mr. Randolph Phillips, appellee, pro se, and concluded by
Mr. Whitney North Seymour for the appellant, Alleghany Corpora-
tion.
No. 289. United States of America, appellant, v. James Vernon
Turley. Argued by Mr. Roger D. Fisher for the appellant and by
Mr. Fenton L. Martin for the appellee.
Adjourned until Monday, January 28, next, at 12 o'clock.
✓
400278-57-41

MONDAY, JANUARY 28, 1957
154
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: Mr. Chief Justice Warren, Mr. Justice Black, Mr. Jus-
tice Reed, Mr. Justice Frankfurter, Mr. Justice Douglas, Mr. Justice
Burton, Mr. Justice Clark, Mr. Justice Harlan, and Mr. Justice
Brennan.
Margaret Applegate Kitchen, of Toledo, Ohio, John W. Kitchen,
of Toledo, Ohio, Harold William Harrison, of Great Neck, N. Y.,
Richard E. Gorman, of Chicago, Ill., Bernard Dominic Marren, of
New York, N. Y., and Fred W. Armstrong, of Menlo Park, Calif.,
on motion of Mr. Solicitor General James Lee Rankin; William Rob-
bins Koger, of Denver, Colo., on motion of Mr. Gordon L. Allott;
Harry C. Snyder, Jr., of Topeka, Kans., on motion of Mr. Richard
B. McEntire; Robert R. Hollis, of Salem, Oreg., on motion of Mr.
Clyde B. Aitchison; William Lathrop Phinney, of Manchester, N. H.,
on motion of Mr. Robert D. L'Heureux; Richard L. Carson, of Knox-
ville, Tenn., on motion of Mr. Estes Kefauver; Domenick L. Gabrielli,
of Bath, N. Y., on motion of Mr. W. Sterling Cole; Cale Crowley, of
Billings, Mont., on motion of Mr. Lee Metcalf; Waldron A. Gregory,
of Menlo Park, Calif., on motion of Mr. Edward M. Reidy; James
Sterling Kilpatrick, of Rome, Ga., on motion of Mr. Temple W. Seay;
Jack A. Ettinger, of Tucson, Ariz., on motion of Mr. John Meehan
McGowan II; J. Warren Killam, Jr., of Reading, Mass., on motion
of Mr. John C. Herberg; Dorothea Marian Bozza, of Washington,
D. C., on motion of Mr. Joseph A. Nacrelli; James Sharp, Jr., of
Monroe, La., on motion of Mr. Scovel Richardson; Lester Bise, of
Los Angeles, Calif., on motion of Mr. Solomon Alpher; and George
Rublee II, of Washington, D. C., on motion of Mr. Edward B. Burling,
were admitted to practice.
No. 45. Rayonier Incorporated, a Corporation, petitioner, v. United
States of America; and
No. 47. Arthur A. Arnhold et al., petitioners, v. United States of
America. On writs of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the Ninth Circuit. The judgments of both the Court of Appeals
and the District Court are vacated and the cases are remanded to the
District Court for consideration in accordance with the opinion of this
Court. Opinion by Mr. Justice Black. Dissenting opinion by Mr.
Justice Reed with whom Mr. Justice Clark joins.
400278-57- 42

MONDAY, JANUARY 28, 1957
The Chief Justice said:
155
"The orders of the Court appear upon the list certified by the Chief
Justice and filed with the Clerk and will not be announced orally."
No. 2, Original. The State of Wisconsin et al., complainants, v. The
State of Illinois and Sanitary District of Chicago et al.;
No. 3, Original. The State of Michigan, complainant, v. The State
of Illinois and Sanitary District of Chicago et al.; and
No. 4, Original. State of New York, complainant, v. State of Illi-
nois and Sanitary District of Chicago et al. Per Curiam: In view of
the continuing emergency in navigation caused by low water in the
Mississippi River, Paragraph 3 of the decree in these causes issued on
April 21, 1930, is further temporarily modified to permit the diver-
sion to and including the 28th day of February 1957, from the Great
Lakes St. Lawrence System into the Illinois Waterway and the Mis-
sissippi River of such amount of water not exceeding an average of
8,500 cubic feet a second, in addition to domestic pumpage, as the
Corps of Engineers, United States Army, shall determine will be
useful in alleviating the emergency with respect to navigation cur-
rently existing without seriously interfering with navigation on the
Illinois Waterway, at such times and in such amounts as the Corps of
Engineers shall direct. The entry of this order shall not prejudice
the legal rights of any of the parties to these causes with respect to any
other diversion of the waters involved. After February 28, 1957, all
provisions of the decree entered on April 21, 1930, shall remain in
full force and effect until further order of this Court.
No. 2, Original. The State of Wisconsin et al., complainants, v. The
State of Illinois and Sanitary District of Chicago et al.;
No. 3, Original. The State of Michigan, complainant, v. The State
of Illinois and Sanitary District of Chicago et al.; and
No. 4, Original. State of New York, complainant, v. State of Illi-
nois and Sanitary District of Chicago et al. Whereas an order tem-
porarily modifying the decree in these cases has this day been made
because of an existing emergency, and whereas other prompt action to
relieve the emergency may be required during the modification period
in furtherance of the order,
It is ordered that all such matters be referred to Mr. Justice Burton,
Circuit Justice for the Seventh Circuit, with power to act.
No. 137. Ben Gold, petitioner, v. United States of America. On
writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the
District of Columbia Circuit. Per Curiam: The judgment is reversed
and the case remanded to the District Court with directions to grant
a new trial because of official intrusion into the privacy of the jury.
Remmer v. United States, 350 U. S. 377; 347 U. S. 227. The fact that
the intrusion was unintentional does not remove the effect of the

MONDAY, JANUARY 28, 1957
156
intrusion. Mr. Justice Reed, with whom Mr. Justice Burton and
Mr. Justice Clark join, has filed a dissent. Mr. Justice Clark has
filed a separate dissent.
No. 597. Retail Clerks International Association, Local No. 560, a
Labor Organization; Robert Lenaghen, Lora Denkers, Mel Simpson,
appellants, v. J. J. Newberry Company, a Corporation. Appeal from
the Supreme Court of Idaho. Per Curiam: The motion to dismiss is
granted and the appeal is dismissed. Treating the papers whereon
the appeal was taken as a petition for writ of certiorari, certiorari
is granted. The judgment of the Supreme Court of Idaho is reversed.
Weber v. Anheuser-Busch, Inc., 348 U. S. 468; Garner v. Teamsters
Union, 346 U. S. 485.
No. 396, Misc. I. N. Gordon, appellant, v. State of Texas. Appeal
from the Court of Criminal Appeals of Texas. The motion for leave
to proceed in forma pauperis is granted. In this case probable juris-
diction is noted and the case is transferred to the appellate docket.
No. 635. American Airlines, Inc., petitioner, v. North American
Airlines, Inc., and Civil Aeronautics Board. Petition for writ of
certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the District
of Columbia Circuit granted and case transferred to the summary
calendar.
No. 666. Frank Costello, petitioner, v. United States of America.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the Second Circuit granted and case transferred to the summary
calendar.
No. 20, Misc. Henry Hinton Favors, petitioner, v. Ira M. Coiner,
Acting Warden, West Virginia State Penitentiary. Motion for leave
to proceed in forma pauperis and petition for writ of certiorari to
the Supreme Court of Appeals of West Virginia granted. Case trans-
ferred to the appellate docket and placed on the summary calendar.
No. 611. Ahtanum Irrigation District, a Corporation, and the
State of Washington, et al., petitioners, v. United States of America.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the Ninth Circuit denied.
No. 616. Mount Vernon Mortgage Corporation et al., petitioners, v.
The United States, as Parens Patriae, by its Attorney General, and
J. Howard McGrath, Attorney General of the United States, in Behalf
of the National Home Library Foundation. Petition for writ of

MONDAY, JANUARY 28, 1957
157
certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the District of
Columbia Circuit denied.
No. 617. William H. Hughes et al., petitioners, v. Great American
Indemnity Company. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United
States Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 626. Central-Illinois Securities Corporation and C. A. Johnson,
petitioners, v. Bartholomew A. Brickley, Trustee, Securities and
Exchange Commission, et al.; and
No. 630. The Equity Corporation, petitioner, v. Bartholomew A.
Brickley, Trustee, Securities and Exchange Commission, et al.
Petitions for writs of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the First Circuit denied.
No. 629. Roslyn Greenfield and Joseph Rae, petitioners, v. L. K.
Land Corporation. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of
Appeals of New York denied.
No. 631. Bill Corbett, petitioner, v. United States of America.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the Ninth Circuit denied.
No. 634. Theodore A. Meyers and wife, Alice V. Meyers, petition-
ers, v. The United States. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United
States Court of Claims denied.
No. 621. Anna Preisler, petitioner, v. United States of America.
Motion to dispense with printing of the petition granted. Petition
for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the
Second Circuit denied.
No. 312, October Term, 1955. The United States, petitioner, v. The
Ohio Power Company. The Ohio Power Company is requested to
file a response to the petition for rehearing in this case within 15 days.
Mr. Justice Brennan took no part in the consideration or decision of
this petition.
No. 550. Bernard J. McKenna, petitioner, v. The United States;
No. 561. Aurex Corporation and Walter H. Huth, petitioners, v.
Beltone Hearing Aid Company;
No. 248, Misc. Dominic Allocco, petitioner, v. United States of
America; and
No. 382, Misc. James Norman Jensen, appellant, v. The State of
Oregon. Petitions for rehearing denied.
No. 284, Misc. Solomon McNair, petitioner, v. United States of
America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court
of Appeals for the District of Columbia Circuit denied.

MONDAY, JANUARY 28, 1957
158
No. 469, Misc. In re John Allen and Louis F. Smith, petitioners.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of California
denied. The Chief Justice took no part in the consideration or de-
cision of this application.
ORDER
It is ordered that Edmund P. Cullinan be, and he hereby is, ap-
pointed a Deputy Clerk of this Court.
ORDER
It is ordered that Richard Joseph Blanchard be appointed a Deputy
Clerk of this Court effective on February 18, 1957.
Adjourned until Monday, February 25, next, at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Monday, February 25, will be as follows: Nos.
79, 84, 313, and 122.

MONDAY, FEBRUARY 25, 1957
159
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: Mr. Chief Justice Warren, Mr. Justice Black, Mr. Justice
Reed, Mr. Justice Frankfurter, Mr. Justice Douglas, Mr. Justice
Burton, Mr. Justice Clark, Mr. Justice Harlan, and Mr. Justice
Brennan.
The Chief Justice said:
"On January 31, 1938, more than nineteen years ago, Mr. Justice
Reed, already rich in governmental service and in the practice of his
profession, took his oath of office as a member of this Court. There
is but one of us-Mr. Justice Black-who was here on that occasion
to welcome him. During the intervening years, he has served with
four Chief Justices and eighteen Associate Justices, all of whom
became indebted to him in their joint work of the Court for the wide
range of his knowledge, the depth of his wisdom, and the warmth
of his personality.
"Today he retires, having established himself in the hearts of all of
us and after having made a significant contribution to American con-
stitutional law.
"We, who are his associates, regret his retirement but only in the
sense that we shall be deprived of his daily companionship and wise
counsel.
"For him, we rejoice that this retirement comes while he is in full
vigor of mind and body, and capable of enjoying the many good
things of life, which his long and devoted public service has compelled
him to forego.
"Our personal regard for him and our appreciation of his great
service to the Court are most adequately expressed in our letter to
him which, with his brotherly reply, will be spread upon the Minutes
of the Court."
400278-57-43

MONDAY, FEBRUARY 25, 1957
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
CHAMBERS OF THE CHIEF JUSTICE
160
WASHINGTON 25, D. C.
February 23, 1957.
Honorable Stanley F. Reed,
Associate Justice of the Supreme Court,
Washington, D. C.
Dear Justice Reed:
It will seem strange, indeed, after next Monday not to see you in
the chairs you have occupied on the bench and in the conference room
for the past nineteen years. Only one of our number can recall, as
a member of the Court, when you were not a part of it. All of us
will remember throughout life the contribution you have made to the
work of the Court and your companionship with each of us. This
companionship we shall miss, but we have no right to regret your
well-earned retirement.
Since 1929, when you came from your home State of Kentucky
to Washington, as General Counsel of the Federal Farm Board, and
thereafter successively as General Counsel of the Reconstruction
Finance Corporation, as Special Assistant to the Attorney General,
as Solicitor General of the United States, and as an Associate Justice
of this Court, you have given completely twenty-eight of the best
years of your life to the nation. More could not be asked of anyone.
You richly deserve the relaxation, which will flow from the relin-
quishment of the duties you have borne so conscientiously these
many years. We rejoice that you are in the good health and spirits
to enjoy some of the finer things in life that strict attention to duty
has heretofore compelled you to forego.
We shall miss our official association with you, but our friendship
and our best wishes for your happiness will always remain unchanged.
Sincerely,
Earl Warren
Hugo L. Black
Felix Frankfurter
William O. Douglas
Harold H. Burton
Tom C. Clark
John M. Harlan
William J. Brennan, Jr.

Dear Brethren:
MONDAY, FEBRUARY 25, 1957
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
WASHINGTON, D. C.
161
February 25, 1957.
Your gracious letter on my retirement epitomized the close per-
sonal relationship between the members of this Court. I shall miss
the intimate association that joint interests in the fair administration
of justice has engendered.
I, too, shall look forward to the continuance of the close friendships
that have thus been nurtured.
That common and abiding interest in the welfare of our Country
that has animated our discussions and decisions will hold us together
in friendly intercourse during the future years.
With all good wishes for each of you, I am
Faithfully yours,
The Chief Justice.
Mr. Justice Black.
Mr. Justice Frankfurter.
Mr. Justice Douglas.
Mr. Justice Burton.
Mr. Justice Clark.
Mr. Justice Harlan.
Mr. Justice Brennan.
STANLEY REED.
Harold H. Greene, of Silver Spring, Md., Philip Elijah Paine of
Miami, Fla., John A. Graf, of Evanston, Ill., Hobson H. Adcock, of
Birmingham, Ala., Arthur R. Madigan, of New York, N. Y., Charles
Newman Mock, of New York, N. Y., Daniel W. Beckley, of Woodbury,
N. J., Harry Levine, of Flushing, N. Y., Charles S. Milliken, of New
York, N. Y., Charles L. Raskin, of New York, N. Y., Forrest S.
Putman, of Litchfield Park, Ariz., C. Dale Schwant, of New York,
N. Y., Philip C. Mogen, of New York, N. Y., and Bernard V. McCusty,
of Charlottesville, Va., on motion of Mr. Solicitor General James
Lee Rankin; Homer W. Hanscom, of Santa Monica, Calif., on motion
of Mr. Victor R. Hansen; Edmund Burke, Jr., of Bozeman, Mont.,
on motion of Mr. Lee Metcalf; John Thomas Gearty, of Minneapolis,
Minn., on motion of Mr. Will Shafroth; Hiram W. Kwan, of Los
Angeles, Calif., and Morton J. Gold, of New York, N. Y., on motion
of Mr. Donald R. Simpson; James H. Hawley, of Boise, Idaho,
on motion of Mr. Guy Cordon; William French Smith, of Los Angeles,
Calif., on motion of Mr. Frederick Oliver Graves; Gene B. Conklin,
of Pendleton, Oreg., on motion of Mr. Wayne Lyman Morse; Herbert

MONDAY, FEBRUARY 25, 1957
162
G. Breetz, of Louisville, Ky., on motion of Miss Helen F. Humphrey;
Wayne M. Hoffman, of New York, N. Y., on motion of Mr. Walter J.
Cummings, Jr.; Paul Hewitt Torbet, of Cleveland, Ohio, on motion
of Mr. Charles Sylvanus Rhyne; Perry Alcalay Bertram, of Los
Angeles, Calif., on motion of Mr. James Arthur Lanigan; Raymond
A. Negus, of Washington, D. C., and Julian C. Sipple, of Savannah,
Ga., on motion of Mr. Lawrence H. Cake; Howard L. Harawitz, of
New York, N. Y., on motion of Mr. Milton Conn; James J. Higginson,
of New York, N. Y., on motion of Mr. John A. Reed; Samuel Smith
Mitchell, of Raleigh, N. C., and Richard Powell, of Greenville, N. C.,
on motion of Mr. Herman L. Taylor; Maurice V. Seligson, of Law-
rence, N. Y., and Myer I. Kleinberg, of New York, N. Y., on motion
of Mr. Isidor Lazarus; John J. Naughton, of Chicago, Ill., on motion'
of Mr. William Creighton Wines; G. William Hammer, of Falls
Church, Va., on motion of Mr. Charles R. Richey; Edwin Michael
Norton, of Arlington, Va., on motion of Mr. Caldwell Daniel; John B.
Minnick, of Arlington, Va., on motion of Mr. Franklin F. Korell;
Alfred S. Berg, of Great Neck, N. Y., on motion of Mr. Joseph A.
Fanelli; Harold Dever Cunningham, Jr., of Charlottesville, Va.,
Edwin F. Ammerman, of Fort Worth, Tex., Fordyce Raymond Downs,
Jr., of Glenview, Ill., Rodney Jewett Collins, of Hamden, Conn., and
Richard Craig Sullivan, of Baltimore, Md., on motion of Mr. Robert
E. Brown; and Cyril D. Robinson, of Chicago, Ill., and Thelma C.
Furry, of Akron, Ohio, on motion of Mr. David Rein, were admitted
to practice.
No. 28. James C. Rogers, petitioner, v. Missouri Pacific Railroad
Company, a Corporation. On writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court
of Missouri. Judgment reversed with costs and case remanded to the
Supreme Court of Missouri for proceedings not inconsistent with the
opinion of this Court. Opinion by Mr. Justice Brennan. Mr.
Justice Burton concurs in the result. Mr. Justice Reed would affirm
the judgment of the Supreme Court of Missouri. Mr. Justice Harlan,
dissenting in Nos. 28, 42, and 59 and concurring in No. 46, filed a
separate opinion. Mr. Justice Burton concurred in Part I of Mr.
Justice Harlan's opinion. Mr. Chief Justice Warren, Mr. Justice
Black, Mr. Justice Douglas, Mr. Justice Clark, and Mr. Justice
Brennan concurred in Part I of Mr. Justice Harlan's opinion except
insofar as it disapproves the grant of the writ of certiorari. Mr.
Justice Frankfurter filed a separate dissenting opinion for Nos. 28,
42, 46, and 50.
No. 42. John W. Webb, petitioner, v. Illinois Central Railroad
Company. On writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Ap-
peals for the Seventh Circuit. Judgment reversed with costs and
case remanded to the United States District Court for the Northern

MONDAY, FEBRUARY 25, 1957
163
District of Illinois for proceedings in conformity with the opinion of
this Court. Opinion by Mr. Justice Brennan. Mr. Justice Burton
concurs in the result. Mr. Justice Reed would affirm the judgment of
the United States Court of Appeals for the Seventh Circuit. Mr.
Justice Harlan, dissenting in Nos. 28, 42, and 59 and concurring in
No. 46, filed a separate opinion. Mr. Justice Burton concurred in
Part I of Mr. Justice Harlan's opinion. Mr. Chief Justice Warren,
Mr. Justice Black, Mr. Justice Douglas, Mr. Justice Clark, and Mr.
Justice Brennan concurred in Part I of Mr. Justice Harlan's opinion
except insofar as it disapproves the grant of the writ of certiorari.
Mr. Justice Frankfurter filed a separate dissenting opinion for Nos.
28, 42, 46, and 59.
No. 46. Virgil Herdman, petitioner, v. Pennsylvania Railroad
Company. On writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Ap-
peals for the Sixth Circuit. Judgment affirmed and case remanded
to the United States District Court for the Southern District of Ohio.
Opinion by Mr. Justice Brennan. Mr. Justice Harlan, concurring in
No. 46 and dissenting in Nos. 28, 42, and 59, filed a separate opinion.
Mr. Justice Burton concurred in Part I of Mr. Justice Harlan's
opinion. Mr. Chief Justice Warren, Mr. Justice Black, Mr. Justice
Douglas, Mr. Justice Clark, and Mr. Justice Brennan concurred in
Part I of Mr. Justice Harlan's opinion except insofar as it disapproves
the grant of the writ of certiorari. Mr. Justice Frankfurter filed a
separate dissenting opinion for Nos. 28, 42, 46, and 59.
No. 59. Henry Ferguson, petitioner, v. Moore-McCormack Lines,
Inc. On writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for
the second Circuit. Judgment of the Court of Appeals reversed with
costs and case remanded to the United States District Court for the
Southern District of New York for proceedings in conformity with
the opinion of this Court. Mr. Justice Douglas announced the judg-
ment of the Court in an opinion in which Mr. Chief Justice Warren,
Mr. Justice Clark, and Mr. Justice Brennan join. Mr. Justice Burton
concurs in the result. Mr. Justice Reed would affirm the judgment of
the United States Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit. Mr.
Justice Harlan, dissenting in Nos. 28, 42, and 59 and concurring in
No. 46, filed a separate opinion. Mr. Justice Burton concurred in
Part I of Mr. Justice Harlan's opinion. Mr. Chief Justice Warren,
Mr. Justice Black, Mr. Justice Douglas, Mr. Justice Clark, and Mr.
Justice Brennan concurred in Part I of Mr. Justice Harlan's opinion
except insofar as it disapproves the grant of the writ of certiorari.
Mr. Justice Frankfurter filed a separate dissenting opinion for Nos.
28, 42, 46, and 59. Mr. Justice Black took no part in the consider-
ation or decision of this case.
No. 11. United States Gypsum Company, appellant, v. National
Gypsum Company et al. Appeal from the United States District
400278-57--44

1
MONDAY, FEBRUARY 25, 1957
164
Court for the District of Columbia. Judgment reversed with costs
and case remanded to the District Court for further proceedings not
inconsistent with the opinion of this Court. Opinion by Mr. Justice
Harlan. Dissenting opinion by Mr. Justice Black with whom Mr.
Chief Justice Warren and Mr. Justice Douglas join. Mr. Justice
Clark took no part in the consideration or decision of this case.
No. 56. Pennsylvania Railroad Company and Brotherhood of
Railroad Trainmen, petitioners, v. N. P. Rychlik, Individually and on
Behalf of and as Representative of Other Employees of the Pennsyl-
vania Railroad. On writ of certiorari to the United States Court of
Appeals for the Second Circuit. Judgment reversed with costs and
case remanded to the United States District Court for the Western
District of New York with instructions to dismiss the complaint.
Opinion by Mr. Justice Harlan. Concurring opinion by Mr. Justice
Frankfurter. Mr. Justice Black took no part in the consideration or
decision of this case.
No. 63. Federal Trade Commission, petitioner, v. National Lead
Company et al. On writ of certiorari to the United States Court of
Appeals for the Seventh Circuit. Judgment reversed and case re-
manded to the United States Court of Appeals for the Seventh Circuit
for proceedings in conformity with the opinion of this Court.
Opinion by Mr. Justice Clark.
No. 69. Paul H. Breithaupt, petitioner, v. Morris Abram, Warden.
On writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of New Mexico. Judg-
ment affirmed. Opinion by Mr. Justice Clark. Dissenting opinion
by Mr. Chief Justice Warren with whom Mr. Justice Black and Mr.
Justice Douglas join. Dissenting opinion by Mr. Justice Douglas
with whom Mr. Justice Black joins.
No. 94. William Radovich, petitioner, v. National Football League,
Bert Bell, J. Rufus Klawans, et al. On writ of certiorari to the
United States Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit. Judgment
reversed with costs and case remanded to the United States District
Court for the Northern District of California for proceedings in
conformity with the opinion of this Court. Opinion by Mr. Justice
Clark. Dissenting opinion by Mr. Justice Frankfurter. Dissenting
opinion by Mr. Justice Harlan with whom Mr. Justice Brennan joins.
No. 37. Allen I. Nilva, petitioner, v. United States of America. On
writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the Eighth
Circuit. Conviction for criminal contempt on specification No. 3.
affirmed but sentence vacated and the case remanded to the United
States District Court for the District of North Dakota for reconsid-
eration of the sentence. Opinion by Mr. Justice Burton. Dissenting
opinion by Mr. Justice Black with whom Mr. Chief Justice Warren,
Mr. Justice Douglas, and Mr. Justice Brennan join.

MONDAY, FEBRUARY 25, 1957
165
No. 289. United States of America, appellant, v. James Vernon
Turley. Appeal from the United States District Court for the
District of Maryland. Judgment reversed and case remanded to the
District Court for proceedings in conformity with the opinion of this
Court. Opinion by Mr. Justice Burton. Dissenting opinion by Mr.
Justice Frankfurter with whom Mr. Justice Douglas and Mr. Justice
Black join.
No. 16. Alfred E. Butler, appellant, v. State of Michigan. Appeal
from the Recorder's Court of the City of Detroit, Michigan. Judg-
ment reversed with costs and case remanded to the Recorder's Court
of the City of Detroit, Michigan, for proceedings not inconsistent with
the opinion of this Court. Opinion by Mr. Justice Frankfurter.
No. 14. In the Matter of the Petition for a Writ of Habeas Corpus
for Harry A. Groban and Nathan Groban, appellants. Appeal from
the Supreme Court of the State of Ohio. Judgment affirmed. Opin-
ion by Mr. Justice Reed. Dissenting opinion by Mr. Justice Black
with whom Mr. Chief Justice Warren, Mr. Justice Douglas, and Mr.
Justice Brennan join. Concurring opinion by Mr. Justice Frank-
furter with whom Mr. Justice Harlan joins.
No. 38. Thomas E. Pollard, petitioner, v. United States of Amer-
ica. On writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for
the Eighth Circuit. Judgment affirmed. Opinion by Mr. Justice
Reed. Dissenting opinion by Mr. Chief Justice Warren with whom
Mr. Justice Black, Mr. Justice Douglas, and Mr. Justice Brennan join.
No. 62. Jacob Senko, petitioner, v. LaCrosse Dredging Corpora-
tion. On writ of certiorari to the Appellate Court of the State
of Illinois, Fourth District. Judgment reversed with costs and case
remanded to the Appellate Court of the State of Illinois, Fourth
District, for proceedings not inconsistent with the opinion of this
Court. Opinion by Mr. Justice Reed. Dissenting opinion by Mr.
Justice Harlan with whom Mr. Justice Frankfurter and Mr. Justice
Burton join.
No. 132. Ollie Otto Prince, petitioner, v. United States of America.
On writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the
Fifth Circuit. Judgment reversed and case remanded to the United
States District Court for the Western District of Texas for the pur-
pose of resentencing the petitioner in accordance with the opinion of
this Court. Opinion by Mr. Chief Justice Warren. Mr. Justice
Burton dissents for the reasons stated in the opinion of the Court of
Appeals, 230 F. 2d 568. Mr. Justice Black took no part in the con-
sideration or decision of this case.
The Chief Justice said:
"The orders of the Court appear upon the list certified by the Chief
Justice and filed with the Clerk and will not be announced orally."

MONDAY, FEBRUARY 25, 1957
166
No. 9, Original. The State of Texas, plaintiff, v. The State of New
Mexico, et al. Per Curiam: The motions to amend the bill of com-
plaint are denied. The motion to dismiss is granted and the bill of
complaint is dismissed because of the absence of the United States as
an indispensable party.
No. 637. United Liquors Corporation, Sidney Perlberg, King
Klein, et al., appellants, v. United States of America. Appeal from
the United States District Court for the Western District of Tennes-
see. Per Curiam: The motion to affirm is granted and the judgment
is affirmed.
No. 652. James A. Radford, appellant, v. Raymond Gary, Gov-
ernor of the State of Oklahoma, et al. Appeal from the United
States District Court for the Western District of Oklahoma. Per
Curiam: The judgment is affirmed. Colegrove v. Green, 328 U. S.
549; Kidd v. McCanless, 352 U. S. 920.
No. 84. Central of Georgia Railway Company, petitioner, v. Broth-
erhood of Railroad Trainmen; Local Lodge No. 721, et al. On writ
of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the Fifth
Circuit. Per Curiam: Upon the suggestion of mootness the writ
is dismissed on the ground that the cause is moot.
No. 510. Josephine Leonard, petitioner, v. United States of Amer-
ica. On petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of
Appeals for the Tenth Circuit. Per Curiam: The petition for writ
of certiorari is granted. The motion to remand is granted and the
case is remanded to the United States District Court for the District
of Wyoming for consideration of a settlement agreement.
No. 632. Charles Lawlor and Mitchell Pantzer, Co-Partners Trad-
ing as Independent Poster Exchange, petitioners, v. National Screen
Service Corporation. On petition for writ of certiorari to the United
States Court of Appeals for the Third Circuit. Per Curiam: We
agree with the Court of Appeals that the motion for summary judg-
ment should have been denied. However, in our view, this disposition
of the case made it unnecessary for the Court of Appeals to pass on
any other issue than that of the per se invalidity of exclusive contracts
under the Sherman Act. In order that the District Court not be
bound by the consideration the Court of Appeals gave to the remain-
ing issues, and without reaching any of the same, we grant the petition
for writ of certiorari, vacate the judgments, and remand the cause to
the District Court for trial. Mr. Justice Frankfurter with whom Mr.
Justice Burton and Mr. Justice Harlan join has filed a dissent.
No. 498, Misc. Carl Nagle, appellant, v. Commonwealth of Penn-
sylvania. Appeal from the Supreme Court of Pennsylvania, East-
ern District. Per Curiam: The appeal is dismissed.

MONDAY, FEBRUARY 25, 1957
167
No. 719. Henry Hinton Favors, petitioner, v. Ira M. Coiner, Act-
ing Warden, West Virginia State Penitentiary. It is ordered that
David Ginsburg, Esquire, of Washington, D. C., a member of the
Bar of this Court, be appointed to serve as counsel for the petitioner
in this case.
No. 36. Alleghany Corporation et al., appellants, v. Breswick &
Co. et al., as Common Stockholders of Alleghany Corporation, etc.;
and
No. 114. Interstate Commerce Commission, appellant, v. Breswick
& Company et al. The motion of appellees for special leave to file
supplemental brief after argument is granted
No. 103. National Labor Relations Board, petitioner, v. Truck
Drivers Local Union No. 449, International Brotherhood of Team-
sters, Chauffeurs, Warehousemen and Helpers of America, A. F. L.
The motion of Linen and Credit Exchange et al. for special leave to
file amici curiae brief after argument is denied.
No. 609. United States of America, appellant, v. The Procter &
Gamble Company et al. Further consideration of the question of
jurisdiction is postponed to the hearing of the case on the merits.
No. 9. United States of America, petitioner, v. The Shotwell Manu-
facturing Company, Byron A. Cain, Frank J. Huebner, et al.
On
petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the Seventh Circuit. The motion of Mr. Frank J. Huebner to
withdraw from opposition to the Government's petition for writ of
certiorari is granted. The motion of Harold A. Smith et al. for leave
to withdraw as counsel for Frank J. Huebner is granted. The peti-
tion for writ of certiorari is granted limited to the issues raised in the
amended motion to remand and supplement thereto and the respond-
ents' answer to the amended motion to remand. The case is transferred
to the summary calendar.
No. 10. The Shotwell Manufacturing Company, Byron A. Cain,
Frank J. Huebner, et al., petitioners, v. United States of America.
On cross-petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of
Appeals for the Seventh Circuit. The motion of Frank J. Huebner
to withdraw from the conditional cross-petition for writ of certiorari
is granted. The motion of Harold A. Smith et al. for leave to with-
draw as counsel for Frank J. Huebner is granted. The motion to
treat the conditional cross-petition for writ of certiorari as an uncon-
ditional cross-petition for writ of certiorari is granted. The cross-
petition for writ of certiorari in this case is denied.
No. 638. James Earl Byrd, petitioner, v. Blue Ridge Rural Elec-
tric Cooperative, Inc. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United
400278-57-45

MONDAY, FEBRUARY 25, 1957
168
States Court of Appeals for the Fourth Circuit granted and case trans-
ferred to the summary calendar.
No. 672. National Labor Relations Board, petitioner, v. District 50,
United Mine Workers of America and Bowman Transportation, Inc.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the District of Columbia Circuit granted and case transferred
to the summary calendar.
No. 258, Misc. Bryan E. Ford, petitioner, v. United States of
America. Motion for leave to proceed in forma pauperis and petition
for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the
Second Circuit granted. Case transferred to the appellate docket and
placed on the summary calendar.
No. 483, Misc. Richard McAllister, petitioner, v. Magnolia Petro-
leum Company. Motion for leave to proceed in forma pauperis and
petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Civil Appeals of Texas
granted. Case transferred to the appellate docket and placed on the
summary calendar.
No. 350, Misc. Frank Masciale, petitioner, v. United States of
America. Motion for leave to proceed in forma pauperis and petition
for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the
Second Circuit granted. Case transferred to the appellate docket.
No. 76. Precision Scientific Company, an Illinois Corporation, pe-
titioner, v. International Union of Mine, Mill, and Smelter Workers.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the District of Columbia Circuit denied.
No. 614. Leroy Stanley, Charlie Watts Worrell, Jr., and Ben Jack-
son, Jr., petitioners, v. United States of America. Petition for writ
of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the Fourth
Circuit denied.
No. 624. Swift & Company, a Corporation, petitioner, v. National
Labor Relations Board et al.; and
No. 677. Amalgamated Meat Cutters and Butcher Workmen of
North America, AFL, Local 88, petitioner, v. National Labor Rela-
tions Board. Petitions for writs of certiorari to the United States
Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia Circuit denied.
No. 633. Elledge R. Penland, petitioner, v. Nathan Golden and
Maurice Rosen. Petition for writ of certiorari to the District Court
of Appeal of California, Second Appellate District, denied.
No. 639. Peter B. Schyman, petitioner, v. The Department of
Registration and Education of the State of Illinois, an Administrative
Agency; C. Hobart Engle et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
Supreme Court of Illinois and the Appellate Court of Illinois, First
District, denied.

MONDAY, FEBRUARY 25, 1957
169
No. 641. Paul Hammers, petitioner, v. The Board of Fire and
Police Commissioners of the City of Mattoon, Illinois, a Municipal
Corporation. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court
of Illinois denied.
No. 642. Nathan R. Underwood and Richard M. Murray, Jr., peti-
tioners, v. Illinois Central Railroad Company. Petition for writ of
certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit
denied.
No. 645. The St. Louis Company, a Delaware Corporation (in dis-
solution), petitioner, v. United States of America. Petition for writ
of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the Third Cir-
cuit denied.
No. 646. United Mail Order, Warehouse & Retail Employees
Union, Local 20, etc., et al., petitioners, v. Montgomery Ward & Co.,
Incorporated, a Corporation. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
Supreme Court of Illinois denied.
No. 648. The Yuchi (Euchee) Tribe of Indians and S. W. Brown,
Legus Brown, et al., petitioners, v. The United States. Petition for
writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Claims denied.
No. 649. Earl Artis, petitioner, v. United States of America. Peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for
the Sixth Circuit denied.
No. 650. R. L. Bradford, petitioner, v. United States of America.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the Second Circuit denied.
No. 651. Loran S. Clark, petitioner, v. People of the State of Illi-
nois. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Illinois
denied.
No. 653. Levi Wilson, petitioner, v. People of the State of Illinois.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Illinois denied.
No. 656. David W. Mack, Robert Purdy, Don Bindyke, et al., pe-
titioners, v. Commonwealth of Pennsylvania. Petition for writ of
certiorari to the Supreme Court of Pennsylvania, Western District,
denied.
No. 657. Ma Chuck Moon and Ma Chuck Woon, petitioners, v.
John Foster Dulles, Secretary of State of the United States; Herbert
Brownell, Jr., Attorney General of the United States, et al. Petition
for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the
Ninth Circuit denied.
No. 658. Shreveport Television Company, petitioner, v. Federal
Communications Commission and Southland Television Company.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the District of Columbia Circuit denied.

MONDAY, FEBRUARY 25, 1957
170
No. 659. Hongkong & Shanghai Banking Corporation, on its own
behalf and also on behalf of its 17 Co-plaintiffs, petitioner, v. The
United States. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Court of Claims denied.
No. 662. Ralph C. Price, petitioner, v. The United States. Peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Claims denied.
No. 664. United States Steel Corporation, petitioner, v. The United
States. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of
Claims denied.
No. 665. Frederick I. Richman, petitioner, v. Lyda Tidwell, Roy
E. Hallberg, as Receiver of all the Real and Personal Property Con-
stituting the Former Richman Trust, and John Whyte, etc. Petition
for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the
Ninth Circuit denied.
No. 667. National Truck Rental Company, Inc., petitioner, v. Na-
tional Labor Relations Board. Petition for writ of certiorari to
the United States Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia
Circuit denied.
No. 670. Aetna Life Insurance Company, petitioner, v. Texas
Gulf Sulphur Company; and
No. 673. Texas Gulf Sulphur Company, petitioner, v. Aetna Life
Insurance Company. Petitions for writs of certiorari to the United
States Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 671. Central-States Corporation, petitioner, v. Trinity Uni-
versal Insurance Company. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
United States Court of Appeals for the Tenth Circuit denied.
No. 676. Elsie Mumma, petitioner, v. United States of America.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the Third Circuit denied.
No. 678. The New York, Chicago and St. Louis Railroad Com-
pany, petitioner, v. Nick Masiglowa. Petition for writ of certiorari
to the United States Court of Appeals for the Sixth Circuit denied.
No. 679. Aetna Insurance Company, a Corporation, et al., peti-
tioners, v. Hart-Bartlett-Sturtevant Grain Company, a Corporation.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Missouri
denied.
No. 680. Wabash Railroad Company, a Corporation, petitioner,
v. William Link. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Court of Appeals for the Seventh Circuit denied.
No. 681. Joe Mike Ayers, petitioner, v. United States of America.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the Ninth Circuit denied.

MONDAY, FEBRUARY 25, 1957
171
No. 683. Citizens Casualty Company of New York, petitioner, v.
L. C. Jones Trucking Company, Inc., et al. Petition for writ of
certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the Tenth Circuit
denied.
No. 685. R C A Communications, Inc., petitioner, v. Federal Com-
munications Commission and Mackay Radio and Telegraph Company,
Inc. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of
Appeals for the District of Columbia Circuit denied.
No. 688. Wilhelm Reich, the Wilhelm Reich Foundation and
Michael Silvert, petitioners, v. United States of America. Petition
for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the
First Circuit denied.
No. 689. James Budzileni, petitioner, v. United States of America.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Ap-
peals for the Seventh Circuit denied.
No. 690. Genee M. Carreiro, Irene G. Carreiro, Individually and
as Administratrix of the Estate of George S. Carreiro, Deceased, and
Wells Fargo Bank, petitioners, v. Phyllis Baekgaard. Petition for
writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the Ninth
Circuit denied.
No. 691. Mary Edith Daulton, Administratrix of the Estate of
Donald LeRoy Daulton, Deceased, petitioner, v. Southern Pacific
Company. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court
of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit denied.
No. 695. Floren Di Paglia, petitioner, v. State of Iowa. Petition
for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Iowa denied.
No. 696. Time Saver Tools, Inc., Bruce A. Mackey and Davrus Cor-
poration, petitioners, v. Blish, Mize and Silliman Hardware Com-
pany, and Parker Manufacturing Company. Petition for writ of
certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the Tenth Cir-
cuit denied.
No. 700. City of Wendell, Idaho, petitioner, v. United States of
America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of
Appeals for the Ninth Circuit denied.
No. 716. Fred Stover, petitioner, v. Central Broadcasting Com-
pany. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Iowa
denied.
No. 722. George A. Landell, Executor, etc., et al., petitioners, v.
Northern Pacific Railway Company. Petition for writ of certiorari
to the United States Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia
Circuit denied.
No. 753. Hugh H. Bridgford, petitioner, v. Paul W. Sampsell,
Trustee in Bankruptcy for the Estate of the Bridgford Company,

MONDAY, FEBRUARY 25, 1957
172
Bankrupt. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court
of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit denied.
No. 660. Henrik Mannerfrid, petitioner, v. Herbert Brownell, Jr.,
Attorney General of the United States. Petition for writ of certiorari
to the United States Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia
Circuit denied. Mr. Justice Clark took no part in the consideration
or decision of this application.
No. 693. Alvin M. Marks, petitioner, v. Polaroid Corporation. Mo-
tion for leave to file brief of Matthew Fox, as amicus curiae, granted.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the First Circuit denied.
No. 26. The Leiter Minerals, Inc., petitioner, v. United States of
America et al.;
No. 27. Honorable Walter J. La Buy, petitioner, v. Howes Leather
Company, Inc. and Montgomery Ward & Co., Inc.;
No. 53. William Earl Fikes, petitioner, v. State of Alabama;
No. 480. Gulf Coast Shrimpers and Oystermans Association et al.,
petitioners, v. United States of America;
No. 560. Israel Balanovski, Samuel Bernard Horenstein, Compania
Argentina de Intercambio Comercial, et al., petitioners, v. United
States of America;
No. 573. La Verl Johnson and Joleen Johnson, Husband and Wife,
petitioners, v. Union Pacific Railroad Company, a Corporation;
No. 588. Paul Spielvogel, appellant, v. Arthur C. Ford, Commis-
sioner of the Department of Water Supply, Gas and Electricity of the
City of New York, et al.;
No. 601. J. D. Lewis and Zelma W. Lewis, petitioners, v. Spencer
Carver, Trustee ;
No. 394, Misc. Bernard B. Leight, appellant, v. Joseph Schechter,
Personnel Director and Chairman of the Municipal Civil Service
Commission, et al.; and
No. 406, Misc. Wade H. Cooper, petitioner, v. United States of
America. Petitions for rehearing denied.
No. 363. William R. Sampsell, Ray C. Resh, Earl Albertson, et al.,
petitioners, v. The Baltimore and Ohio Railroad Company, a Body
Corporate, et al. Motion for leave to file petition for writ of certiora-
ri under 28 U. S. C. 1651 denied. Petition for rehearing denied.
No. 562. Charles A. Givens, petitioner, v. C. A. Moulton. Petition
for other relief denied. Petition for rehearing denied.
No. 695, October Term, 1955. Consolidated Edison Company of
New York, Inc., petitioner, v. The United States. Motion for leave

MONDAY, FEBRUARY 25, 1957
173
to file petition for rehearing denied. Mr. Justice Harlan and Mr.
Justice Brennan took no part in the consideration or decision of this
application.
No. 1, Misc. Joseph Wayne Matthews, petitioner, v. State of Illi-
nois. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Illi-
nois denied.
No. 13, Misc. Wayne Patterson, petitioner, v. People of the State of
Illinois. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of
Illinois denied.
No. 60, Misc. Hubert L. Cross, petitioner, v. O. B. Ellis, General
Manager, Texas Prison System, Huntsville, Texas, et al. Petition for
writ of certiorari to the Court of Criminal Appeals of Texas denied.
No. 86, Misc. Clifford Coleman Woods, petitioner, v. The People of
the State of California. Petition for writ of certiorari to the District
Court of Appeal of California, Fourth Appellate District, denied.
No. 315, Misc. Herbert Hatchett, petitioner, v. Francis L. O'Brien,
James A. Breakey, Jr., Douglas K. Reading, et al. Petition for writ
of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the Sixth
Circuit denied.
No. 338, Misc. Marie Natvig, petitioner, v. United States of Amer-
ica. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of
Appeals for the District of Columbia Circuit denied.
No. 345, Misc. Abraham Johnson, petitioner, v. United States of
America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court
of Appeals for the Seventh Circuit denied.
No. 352, Misc. Salvador Escalante, petitioner, v. United States of
America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court
of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 357, Misc. Morris Thomas, petitioner, v. United States of
America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court
of Appeals for the Sixth Circuit denied.
No. 369, Misc. Leon Manley, petitioner, v. Elbert V. Nash, Warden,
Missouri State Penitentiary. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
Supreme Court of Missouri denied.
No. 379, Misc. Frances Magnus, Administrator of the Estate of Leo
Michalowski, Deceased, petitioner, v. United States of America. Peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for
the Seventh Circuit denied.
No. 384, Misc. Caroline B. Ferenz, petitioner, v. Marion B. Folsom,
Secretary of Health, Education, and Welfare. Petition for writ of
certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the Third Cir-
cuit denied.

MONDAY, FEBRUARY 25, 1957
174
No. 389, Misc. James Francis Hill, petitioner, v. United States of
America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court
of Appeals for the Sixth Circuit denied.
No. 393, Misc. Richard G. King, petitioner, v. The California Com-
pany, Gulf Refining Company, Placid Oil Company, et al. Petition
for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the
Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 395, Misc. Charles Van Newkirk, petitioner, v. John F. Mc-
Neill, Supt., Matteawan State Hospital. Petition for writ of certio-
rari to the United States Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit
denied.
No. 399, Misc. Sigmund Pollack, petitioner, v. James T. Aspbury,
George N. Kaye, Executor and Trustee of the Estate of Daniel J.
Gleason, Deceased, et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United
States Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit denied.
No. 400, Misc. Alexander Bloxom, petitioner, v. The State of Michi-
gan. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Michigan
denied.
No. 402, Misc. James Cole, petitioner, v. Ross V. Randolph, Ward-
en. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Illinois
denied.
No. 407, Misc. Harry Meyers, petitioner, v. Joseph E. Ragen,
Warden. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of Will
County, Illinois, denied.
No. 408, Misc. George McLaughlin, petitioner, v. State of Illinois.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Illinois
denied.
No. 409, Misc. Leroy Kendrick, petitioner, v. State of North Caro-
lina. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of North
Carolina denied.
No. 410, Misc. Aubrey Scalley, petitioner, v. O. B. Ellis, General
Manager, Texas Prison System. Petition for writ of certiorari to
the Court of Criminal Appeals of Texas denied.
No. 411, Misc. Luis L. Cervantes, petitioner, v. United States of
America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of
Appeals for the Ninth Circuit denied.
No. 413, Misc. Gilbert Francis O'Brien, petitioner, v. Joseph E.
Ragen, Warden. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Criminal Court
of Cook County, Illinois, denied.
No. 415, Misc. Huston Spencer, petitioner, v. United States of
America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States District
Court for the Eastern District of Michigan denied.

MONDAY, FEBRUARY 25, 1957
175
No. 416, Misc. Irvin C. Herge, petitioner, v. William J. Banmiller,
Warden. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of
Pennsylvania, Western District, denied.
No. 417, Misc. William Henry Ryan, petitioner, v. State of New
York. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Appellate Division of the
Supreme Court of New York, Fourth Judicial Department, denied.
No. 418, Misc. Glenn Pilkington, petitioner, v. The People of the
State of New York. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Appellate
Division of the Supreme Court of New York, Third Judicial Depart-
ment, denied.
No. 419, Misc. David Kaplan, petitioner, v. Dr. John F. McNeill,
Supt., Matteawan State Hospital, etc. Petition for writ of certiorari
to the Appellate Division of the Supreme Court of New York, Second
Judicial Department, denied.
No. 420, Misc. James Anderson, et al., petitioners, v. State of Mich-
igan. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Michi-
gan denied.
No. 421, Misc. Joseph R. Holt, petitioner, v. State of Maryland.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals of Maryland
denied.
No. 422, Misc. Gene R. Richardson, petitioner, v. Commonwealth
of Pennsylvania. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme
Court of Pennsylvania denied.
No. 424, Misc. John Archie Miles, petitioner, v. The People of the
State of New York. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of
Appeals of New York denied.
No. 425, Misc. Clifford Daugharty, petitioner, v. Clarence T. Glad-
den, Warden. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court
of Oregon denied.
No. 427, Misc. Constance J. Ballard, petitioner, v. United States of
America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court
of Appeals for the District of Columbia Circuit denied.
No. 428, Misc. Donald B. Fatheree, petitioner, v. Merle E. Schneck-
loth, Superintendent of the Washington State Penitentiary. Petition
for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Washington denied.
No. 429, Misc. Caz Robert Henderson, petitioner, v. Merle E.
Schneckloth, Superintendent of the Washington State Penitentiary.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Washington
denied.
No. 430, Misc. George L. Smith, petitioner, v. Merle E. Schneck-
loth, Superintendent of the Washington State Penitentiary; and

MONDAY, FEBRUARY 25, 1957
176
No. 476, Misc. George L. Smith, petitioner, v. Merle Schneckloth,
Superintendent, Washington State Penitentiary. Petitions for writs
of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Washington denied.
No. 433, Misc. Gerald Musser, petitioner, v. D. N. Myers, Warden.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the Third Circuit denied.
No. 434, Misc. Asahel C. Abrams, petitioner, v. United States of
America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court
of Appeals for the District of Columbia Circuit denied.
No. 435, Misc. Issac Tourville, petitioner, v. State of Missouri.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Missouri
denied.
No. 437, Misc. Ernest Allen, petitioner, v. William H. Bannan,
Warden. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of
Michigan denied.
No. 439, Misc. Virgil Kellison, petitioner, v. O. B. Ellis, General
Manager, Texas Prison System. Petition for writ of certiorari to
the Court of Criminal Appeals of Texas denied.
No. 443, Misc. David R. Hurley, petitioner, v. Joseph E. Ragen,
Warden. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Criminal Court of
Cook County, Illinois, denied.
No. 444, Misc. Charles Morris, petitioner, v. State of Florida and
Nathan Mayo, Custodian, Florida State Prison. Petition for writ
of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Florida denied.
No. 446, Misc. John Staryak, petitioner, v. Joseph E. Ragen,
Warden. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of Ma-
coupin County, Illinois, denied.
No. 447, Misc. Robert J. Manaro, petitioner, v. Joseph E. Ragen,
Warden, et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of
Will County, Illinois, denied.
No. 451, Misc. Theodore Zachary, petitioner, v. The United States.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Claims
denied.
No. 455, Misc. C. C. Bradley, petitioner, v. W. Frank Smyth, Jr.,
Superintendent Virginia Penitentiary. Petition for writ of certiorari
to the Supreme Court of Appeals of Virginia denied.
No. 458, Misc. Raymond Jackson, petitioner, v. State of Maryland.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals of Maryland
denied.
No. 459, Misc. John G. Oppenheimer, petitioner, v. General Cable
Corporation et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme
Court of California denied.

MONDAY, FEBRUARY 25, 1957
177
No. 461, Misc. Theodore Malcolm Kramer, petitioner, v. Ralph W.
Alvis, Warden. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court
of Ohio denied.
No. 462, Misc. Raleigh Johns, petitioner, v. W. Frank Smyth, Jr.,
Superintendent of the Virginia Penitentiary. Petition for writ of
certiorari to the Supreme Court of Appeals of Virginia denied.
No. 463, Misc. Gene Streeter, petitioner, v. State of Illinois. Peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Illinois denied.
No. 465, Misc. William H. Chapman, petitioner, v. Ralph W. Alvis,
Warden. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Ohio
denied.
No. 466, Misc. Curtis Hardin, petitioner, v. The People of the State
of New York. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Appellate Divi-
sion of the Supreme Court of New York, Second Judicial Depart-
ment, denied.
No. 467, Misc. Thomas Skelly, petitioner, v. Joseph E. Ragen,
Warden. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of
Mason County, Illinois, denied.
No. 471, Misc. Glen T. Macomber, petitioner, v. State of Oregon.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Oregon denied.
No. 472, Misc. Abraham Hunter, petitioner, v. W. Frank Smyth,
Jr., Superintendent, Virginia State Penitentiary. Petition for writ
of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Appeals of Virginia denied.
No. 473, Misc. Charles King Straub, petitioner, v. The People of
the State of New York. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of
Appeals of New York denied.
No. 474, Misc. Pherne N. Miller, petitioner, v. Katherine S. Thorn,
Personally and as Executrix, etc. Petition for writ of certiorari to
the United States Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia
Circuit denied.
No. 479, Misc. Gottfried William Kreuter, petitioner, v. C. H.
Looney, Warden. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Court of Appeals for the Tenth Circuit denied.
No. 480, Misc. Elisha L. Pilcher, petitioner, v. United States of
America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court
of Appeals for the District of Columbia Circuit denied.
No. 482, Misc. Raymond Koenig, petitioner, v. Charles T. Don-
worth, Judge of the Supreme Court of the State of Washington, et
al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Wash-
ington denied.
No. 484, Misc. William Lynch, petitioner, v. The People of the
State of New York. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of
Appeals of New York denied.

MONDAY, FEBRUARY 25, 1957
178
No. 486, Misc. Nellie B. Terrell Wheeler, petitioner, v. Lucille
Simmons Terrell. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia Circuit denied.
No. 487, Misc. Joseph Culhane, petitioner, v. People of the State of
New York. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Appellate Division
of the Supreme Court of New York, Second Judicial Department,
denied.
No. 488, Misc. Linton Alvin, petitioner, v. The People of the State
of Michigan. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court
of Michigan denied.
No. 489, Misc. Cosmo A. Daloia, petitioner, v. Merle E. Schneck-
loth, Superintendent of the Washington State Penitentiary. Petition
for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Washington denied.
No. 490, Misc. Warren S. Halverson, petitioner, v. Merle E.
Schneckloth, Superintendent of the Washington State Penitentiary.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Washington
denied.
No. 491, Misc. Joe Taylor, petitioner, v. Merle E. Schneckloth,
Superintendent of the Washington State Penitentiary. Petition for
writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Washington denied.
No. 492, Misc. Ernest Whitcomb, petitioner, v. Ross V. Randolph,
Warden. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of Ran-
dolph County, Illinois, denied.
No. 493, Misc. Wilbur Bert Fitch, petitioner, v. People of the State
of Michigan. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court
of Michigan denied.
No. 495, Misc. Homer Holloway, petitioner, v. The People of the
State of Michigan. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme
Court of Michigan denied.
No. 497, Misc. Theodore R. Barnes, petitioner, v. The People of
the State of New York. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court
of Appeals of New York denied.
No. 500, Misc. William A. Jackson, petitioner, v. Walter B. Mar‍
tin, M. D. as Warden of Attica State Prison. Petition for writ of
certiorari to the Supreme Court of New York, Erie County, denied.
No. 502, Misc. Charles Jones, petitioner, v. People of the State of
New York. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals
of New York denied.
No. 503, Misc. Romie Lee Barnett, petitioner, v. Ira M. Coiner,
Warden. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of
Appeals of West Virginia denied.

MONDAY, FEBRUARY 25, 1957
179
No. 504, Misc. Robert P. Cage, petitioner, v. Joseph E. Ragen,
Warden. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Criminal Court of
Cook County, Illinois, denied.
No. 506, Misc. James Lyons, petitioner, v. State of New York.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the County Court of Kings County,
New York, denied.
No. 508, Misc. Sylvester Howard, petitioner, v. People of the State
of New York. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Appellate Divi-
sion of the Supreme Court of New York, Fourth Judicial Depart-
ment, denied.
No. 509, Misc. David E. Ash, petitioner, v. State of Missouri. Pe-
tition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Missouri denied.
No. 510, Misc. Albert F. Eckert, petitioner, v. United States of
America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court
of Appeals for the Second Circuit denied.
No. 511, Misc. Malcolm R. Schlette, petitioner, v. The People of
the State of California. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme
Court of California denied.
No. 513, Misc. Bing T. Miller, petitioner, v. Merle E. Schneckloth,
Superintendent Washington State Penitentiary. Petition for writ of
certiorari to the Supreme Court of Washington denied.
No. 515, Misc. Frank Brown, petitioner, v. People of the State of
California. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of
California denied.
No. 516, Misc. Manuel Vega, petitioner, v. Robert A. Heinze,
Warden. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of
California denied.
No. 517, Misc. Calvin Shivers, petitioner, v. Vernon L. Pepersack,
Warden. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals of
Maryland denied.
No. 518, Misc. Frank Lievers, petitioner, v. State of Maryland.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals of Maryland
denied.
No. 526, Misc. John Davis, petitioner, v. The People of the State
of Michigan. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Recorder's Court
of the City of Detroit, Michigan, denied.
No. 529, Misc. Boyd Abrams, petitioner, v. Commonwealth of
Kentucky. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals of
Kentucky denied.
No. 539, Misc. Warren J. Priester, petitioner, v. The State of New
York. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Appellate Division of the
Supreme Court of New York, Second Judicial Department, denied.

MONDAY, FEBRUARY 25, 1957
180
No. 543, Misc. John Forsythe, petitioner, v. The State of New
Jersey. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of New
Jersey denied.
No. 546, Misc. Richard Saunders et al., petitioners, v. William H.
Bannan, Warden. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court
of Michigan denied.
No. 561, Misc. Bart Luis Caritativo, petitioner, v. The People of
the State of California and Harley O. Teets, Warden. Petition for
writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of California denied.
No. 381, Misc. William C. Colepaugh, petitioner, v. Chesley H.
Looney, Warden. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Court of Appeals for the Tenth Circuit denied. Mr. Justice Clark
took no part in the consideration or decision of this application.
No. 449, Misc. Ernest Ingenito, petitioner, v. State of New Jersey.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the Third Circuit denied. Mr. Justice Brennan took no part in
the consideration or decision of this application.
No. 290, Misc. Jerry Boyd, petitioner, v. The Honorable Dick
Jones et al. Application denied.
No. 460, Misc. Gordon A. Shepherd, petitioner, v. United States
of America ; and
No. 507, Misc. Joe Doyle Banning, petitioner, v. Alfred P. Murrah,
Circuit Judge, United States Court of Appeals for the Tenth Circuit,
et al. Motions for leave to file petitions for writs of mandamus denied.
No. 373, Misc. Winfred Williams, petitioner, v. Merle Schneckloth,
Superintendent, Washington State Penitentiary;
No. 403, Misc. Ex parte Edward L. Jones, petitioner ;
No. 404, Misc. Isaiah Williams, petitioner, v. Joseph E. Ragen,
Warden;
No. 414, Misc. Ex parte James Jackson, petitioner ;
No. 423, Misc. Ex parte Edward Emanuel, petitioner;
No. 431, Misc. Richard Hannon, petitioner, v. Warden, Missouri
State Penitentiary;
No. 436, Misc. William H. Chapman, petitioner, v. Ralph W. Alvis,
Warden;
No. 438, Misc. Joseph R. Lewis, petitioner, v. C. H. Looney,
Warden;

MONDAY, FEBRUARY 25, 1957
181
No. 452, Misc. Shelby Franklin, petitioner, v. State of Indiana;
No. 453, Misc. James Robert Palmer, petitioner, v. C. H. Looney,
Warden;
No. 456, Misc. Edward Harold McCall, petitioner, v. State of
North Carolina;
No. 501, Misc. Jonas Elbert Harrell, petitioner, v. R. P. Hager-
man, M. D., Warden;
No. 521, Misc. Robert Cameron, petitioner, v. Clarence T. Gladden,
Warden; and
No. 524, Misc. Emil Joseph Turmel, petitioner, v. Allan L. Rob-
bins, Warden, et al. Motions for leave to file petitions for writs of
habeas corpus denied.
No. 450, Misc. James Clyde Meeks, petitioner, v. Earl A. Wimmer
et al. Motion for leave to file petition for writ of certiorari denied.
Adjourned until tomorrow at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Tuesday, February 26, will be as follows: Nos. 79,
313, and 122.
Х

TUESDAY, FEBRUARY 26, 1957
182
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: Mr. Chief Justice Warren, Mr. Justice Black, Mr. Justice
Frankfurter, Mr. Justice Douglas, Mr. Justice Burton, Mr. Justice
Clark, Mr. Justice Harlan, and Mr. Justice Brennan.
Richard Heller Oshman, of Los Angeles, Calif., on motion of Mr.
Estes Kefauver; William E. Rentfro, of Denver, Colo., on motion of
Mr. John A. Carroll; Montie S. Carlisle, of Topeka, Kans., on mo-
tion of Mr. Andrew F. Schoeppel; Seymour William Perlman, of
Trenton, N. J., and Harold A. Sherman, of Trenton, N. J., on motion.
of Mr. Frank Thompson, Jr.; Fred M. Goldberg, of Louisville, Ky.,
on motion of Mr. M. H. Thatcher; Louis Daniel Smith, of Monroe,
La., on motion of Mr. Cecil A. Beasley, Jr.; Edward Easton Soulé, of
Oklahoma City, Okla., on motion of Mr. James Sylvester Mooney:
Joseph H. Gordon, of Tacoma, Wash., on motion of Mr. Clair L.
Stout; John W. Williams, of Bartlesville, Okla., Nathan Cole, Jr.,
of Wilmington, N. C., and Victor A. von Rinteln, of Baltimore, Md.,
on motion of Mr. George D. Sullivan; Richard Russell Fernald, of
Keene, N. H., and Jack Isaacs Mullen, of Westernport, Md., on motion
of Mr. Jack C. Davis; Arthur Gordon Patton, of Arlington, Va., on
motion of Mr. Leighton W. Dudley; and John Fleming Kelly, of
Denver, Colo., on motion of Mr. James Lawrence White, were ad-
mitted to practice.
No. 79. International Brotherhood of Teamsters, Local 695,
A. F. L., et al., petitioners, v. Vogt, Inc. Argued by Mr. David
Previant for the petitioners and by Mr. Leon B. Lamfrom for the
respondent.
No. 313. Brotherhood of Railroad Trainmen, etc., et al., petition-
ers, v. Chicago River and Indiana Railroad Company et al. Argued
by Mr. William C. Wines for the petitioners and by Mr. Walter J.
Cummings, Jr., for the respondents.
No. 122. James P. Mitchell, Secretary of Labor, United States
Department of Labor, petitioner, v. Bekins Van and Storage Com-
pany, a Corporation. Argument commenced by Miss Bessie Margolin
for the petitioner and continued by Mr. William French Smith for the
respondent.
Adjourned until tomorrow at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Wednesday, February 27, will be as follows: Nos.
122, 701 (and 713) of October Term, 1955, and 491.

WEDNESDAY, FEBRUARY 27, 1957
183
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: Mr. Chief Justice Warren, Mr. Justice Black, Mr. Justice
Frankfurter, Mr. Justice Douglas, Mr. Justice Burton, Mr. Justice
Clark, Mr. Justice Harlan, and Mr. Justice Brennan.
,
Thomas William Ludlow Ashley, of Toledo, Ohio, and Manuel
Zimmerman, of Toledo, Ohio, on motion of Mr. Frank Thompson,
Jr.; Robert J. McKinsey, of McLean, Va., on motion of Mr. Samuel
H. Liberman; Sol Altman, of Thomasville, Ga., on motion of Mr.
John James Flynt, Jr.; Andrew Wilson Green, of Harrisburg, Pa.,
on motion of Mr. Eugene S. Bibb; Milo Craig Massey, of Tampa, Fla.,
on motion of Mr. Robert Y. Patterson, Jr.; Edward T. Hughes, of
Camilla, Ga., on motion of Miss Clara E. Smith; Roscoe A. Faretta,
of Washington, D. C., on motion of Mr. Donald Cefaratti, Jr.; Helen
L. McDonough, of Naugatuck, Conn., on motion of Mr. Joseph E.
Talbot; and John James McDonough, of St. Louis, Mo., on motion of
Mr. John W. Williams, were admitted to practice.
No. 122. James P. Mitchell, Secretary of Labor, United States
Department of Labor, petitioner, v. Bekins Van and Storage Com-
pany, a Corporation. Argument continued by Mr. William French
Smith for the respondent and concluded by Miss Bessie Margolin
for the petitioner.
No. 701, October Term, 1955. Curtis Reid, Superintendent of the
District of Columbia Jail, appellant, v. Clarice B. Covert; and
No. 713, October Term, 1955. Nina Kinsella, Warden of the Fed-
eral Reformatory for Women, Alderson, West Virginia, petitioner,
v. Walter Krueger. Three hours allowed for reargument. Reargued
by Mr. Solicitor General Rankin for the appellant in No. 701 and for
the petitioner in No. 713 and by Mr. Frederick Bernays Wiener for
the appellee in No. 701 and for the respondent in No. 713. Memo-
randa to come.
Adjourned until tomorrow at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Thursday, February 28, will be as follows: Nos.
491, 295, and 153.
✓
400278-57-47

THURSDAY, FEBRUARY 28, 1957
184
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: Mr. Chief Justice Warren, Mr. Justice Black, Mr. Justice
Frankfurter, Mr. Justice Douglas, Mr. Justice Burton, Mr. Justice
Clark, Mr. Justice Harlan, and Mr. Justice Brennan.
Vincent M. Gaughan, of Buffalo, N. Y., on motion of Mr. Estes
Kefauver; A. H. Waisman, of New York, N. Y., on motion of Mr. A.
Norman Somers; Allen E. Pye, of Tyler, Tex., on motion of Mr.
Girard Reuel Jetton, Jr.; Albert George Fisher, of Washington, Ind.,
on motion of Mr. Charles Stephen Leonard; Roland E. Ginsburg,
of Los Angeles, Calif., on motion of Mr. Ralph F. Berlow; Edward
Aptaker, of Boston, Mass., on motion of Mr. Elmer E. Metz; Francis
William Durnan, of Blaine, Wash., on motion of Mr. Harold Irving
Baynton; David Agnew Vogel, of Chicago, Ill., on motion of Mr.
James M. Graves; and Shockley Taliaferro Shoemake, of Pawhuska,
Okla., on motion of Mr. Hugh Coleman Nolen, were admitted to
practice.
No. 491. Leona Peak, petitioner, v. United States of America. Ar-
gued by Mr. John S. Wrinkle for the petitioner and by Mr. George
S. Leonard for the respondent.
No. 295. United States of America, appellant, v. George I. Witko-
vich, also known as Juri Isador Witkovich. Argued by Mr. John F.
Davis for the appellant and by Miss Pearl M. Hart for the appellee.
No. 153. Olin Mathieson Chemical Corporation, petitioner, v. Na-
tional Labor Relations Board. Argument commenced by Mr. Wm.
A. Stuart for the petitioner and the Court declined to hear further
argument. Per Curiam: The judgment is affirmed.
Adjourned until Monday, March 4, next, at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Monday, March 4, will be as follows: Nos. 304,
205, 125 (and 224), and 257.
☑
400278-57-48

MONDAY, MARCH 4, 1957
185
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: Mr. Chief Justice Warren, Mr. Justice Black, Mr. Justice
Frankfurter, Mr. Justice Douglas, Mr. Justice Burton, Mr. Justice
Clark, Mr. Justice Harlan, and Mr. Justice Brennan.
Robert Bradley Gosline, of Toledo, Ohio, on motion of Mr. Thomas
William Ludlow Ashley; Thomas D. Nash, Jr., of Chicago, Ill., on
motion of Mr. Charles A. Boyle; Cyril C. Copp, of Jacksonville, Fla.,
Raymond Ehrlich, of Jacksonville, Fla., Henry Plant Osborne, Jr.,
of Jacksonville, Fla., and J. Henson Markham, of Jacksonville, Fla.,
on motion of Mr. Charles E. Bennett; James Little, of Big Spring,
Tex., on motion of Mr. George H. Mahon; Glenn R. Jack, of Oregon.
City, Oreg., on motion of Mr. Charles Sylvanus Rhyne; J. Francis
McGuinn, of Columbia, S. C., and Albert W. Watson, of Columbia,
S. C., on motion of Mr. Harlan Wood; John E. Slattery, of Chicago,
Ill., on motion of Mr. Thomas A. Kennedy; G. Cameron Buchanan,
of Detroit, Mich., and Richard Alan Harvey, of Detroit, Mich., on
motion of Mr. Richard W. Galiher; Brady O. Bryson, of Philadelphia,
Pa., on motion of Mr. J. Louis Monarch; Leo M. Drachsler, of New
York, N. Y., on motion of Mr. Leon Ulman; David Getzoff, of New
York, N. Y., and Charles G. Tierney, of New York, N. Y., on motion
of Mr. Robert F. McConnell; Emma Kiethline, of Washington, D. C.,
and Leroy S. Merrifield, of Alexandria, Va., on motion of Mr. Charles
Sager Collier; Carl W. Forsythe, of Ferndale, Mich., and William
R. Beasley, of Ferndale, Mich., on motion of Mr. Charles H. LeClaire:
Doyle Vernon Lawyer, of Des Moines, Iowa, on motion of Mr. Earl
Hubert Davis; Joseph Buckingham Carney, of Indianapolis, Ind., on
motion of Mr. William Brecht Hanback; Jacob Shearer, of Los
Angeles, Calif., on motion of Mr. Fulton M. Brylawski; A. H. Moor-
man, of Detroit, Mich., Raymond H. Berry, of Detroit, Mich., and
Lincoln Arnold, of Arlington, Va., on motion of Mr. Ellsworth C.
Alvord; Richard Roland Carney, of Portland, Oreg., on motion of
Kneland C. Tanner; Anthony V. Seghy, of New York, N. Y., on
motion of Mr. William A. Kehoe, Jr.; Benjamin Gim, of New York.
N. Y., on motion of Mr. David Carliner; and Frank C. Lawson, of
St. Clair Shores, Mich., John K. Irwin, Jr., of Pontiac, Mich.. George
Franklyn Taylor, of Birmingham, Mich., Allen Charles Ingle. of
Farmington, Mich., Edward Peer Barrett, of Pontiac, Mich., Carlton
S. Roeser, of Pontiac, Mich., Brakie J. Orr, of Royal Oak, Mich..
Philip Pratt, of Pontiac, Mich., Howard I. Bond, of Pontiac, Mich.,
400278-57-49

MONDAY, MARCH 4, 1957
186
Robert C. Anderson, of Pontiac, Mich., Gordon S. Smith, of Pontiac,
Mich., Mitchell L. Bacow, of Pontiac, Mich., Theodore J. Kohn, of
Pontiac, Mich., Everett F. Hayes, of Detroit, Mich., R. Grant Graham,
of Pontiac, Mich., Franklin E. Morris, of Ferndale, Mich., Norman
R. Barnard, of Troy, Mich., Elmer E. Hartwig, of Royal Oak, Mich.,
J. Shanley Hagerty, of Milford, Mich., Leo B. McTigue, of Birming-
ham, Mich., Harry Dayton Wise, Jr., of Birmingham, Mich., and
Malcolm Mills Heber, of Royal Oak, Mich., on motion of Mr. Frederick
G. Nash, were admitted to practice.
The Chief Justice announced the following order of the Court:
No. 265. United States of America, appellant, v. American
Freightways Company, a Partnership Composed of Allan J. Resler
and Norman Forman. Appeal from the United States District Court
for the Southern District of New York. Per Curiam: The judge-
ment is affirmed by an equally divided Court.
The Chief Justice said:
"The other orders of the Court appear upon the list certified by the
Chief Justice and filed with the Clerk and will not be announced
orally."
No. 661. National Bus Traffic Association, Inc., and Hudson
Transit Lines, Inc., appellants, v. United States of America and Inter-
state Commerce Commission, et al. Appeal from the United States
District Court for the District of New Jersey; and
No. 663. Florida Citrus Commission, Growers and Shippers League
of Florida, Florida Fruit and Vegetable Association, et al., appellants,
v. United States of America, Interstate Commerce Commission, At-
lantic Coast Line Railroad Company, et al. Appeal from the United
States District Court for the Northern District of Florida. Per
Curiam: The motions to affirm are granted and the judgments are
affirmed.
No. 531, Misc. George Johnson, petitioner, v. United States of
America. On petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit. Per Curiam:
The pe-
tition for writ of certiorari is granted, as is leave to proceed in forma
pauperis. By the Act of June 25, 1910, 36 Stat. 866, as now enlarged
in 28 U. S. C. Sec. 1915, Congress provided for proceedings in forma
pauperis on appeal unless "the trial court certifies in writing that it
(the appeal) is not taken in good faith." Such certification is not final
in the sense that the convicted defendant is barred from showing that
it was unwarranted and that an appeal should be allowed. Of course,
certification by the judge presiding at the trial carries great weight

MONDAY, MARCH 4, 1957
187
but, necessarily, it cannot be conclusive. Upon a proper showing a
Court of Appeals has a duty to displace a District Court's certifica-
tion. Moreover, a Court of Appeals must, under Johnson v. Zerbst,
304 U. S. 458, afford one who challenges that certification the aid of
counsel unless he insists on being his own. Finally, either the de-
fendant or his assigned counsel must be enabled to show that the
grounds for seeking an appeal from the judgment of conviction are
not frivolous and do not justify the finding that the appeal is not
sought in good faith. This does not require that in every such case
the United States must furnish the defendant with a stenographic
transcript of the trial. It is essential, however, that he be assured
some appropriate means-such as the district judge's notes or an
agreed statement by trial counsel of making manifest the basis of
his claim that the District Court committed error in certifying that
the desired appeal was not pursued in good faith. See Miller v. United
States, 317 U. S. 192, 198.
Since here the Court of Appeals did not assign counsel to assist
petitioner in prosecuting his application for leave to appeal in forma
pauperis and since it does not appear that the Court of Appeals
assured petitioner adequate means of presenting it with a fair basis
for determining whether the District Court's certification was war-
ranted, the judgment below must be vacated and the case remanded
to the Court of Appeals for proceedings not inconsistent with this
opinion.
No. 762. Theodore Wisniewski v. United States of America. To
enable this Court to consider the sufficiency of the certificate, the Court
of Appeals for the Eighth Circuit is directed to forward to this Court
a certified transcript of record.
No. 101. American Trucking Associations, Inc., et al., appellants,
v. United States of America and Interstate Commerce Commission,
et al.; and
No. 110. Railway Labor Executives' Association et al., appellants,
v. United States of America and Interstate Commerce Commission,
et al. The motion for leave to file brief of National Industrial Traffic
League, as amicus curiae, is granted.
No. 261. John T. Watkins, petitioner, v. United States of America.
The motion of Robert M. Metcalf, amicus curiae, praying that the
Court (1) request the Solicitor General to present argument on an
issue not covered in the brief for the United States, and (2) allow
amicus curiae 10 minutes for oral argument on that issue is denied.
Mr. Justice Burton took no part in the consideration or decision of
this motion.

+
MONDAY, MARCH 4, 1957
188
No. 419. Schaffer Transportation Company and American Truck-
ing Associations, Inc., appellants, v. United States of America and
Interstate Commerce Commission, et al. The motion for leave to file
brief of National Industrial Traffic League, as amicus curiae, is
granted.
No. 773. National Hells Canyon Association, Inc., Lewis County
Public Utility District, et al., petitioners, v. Federal Power Commis-
sion. The motion of Idaho Power Company to correct and amend
the title is granted and the Idaho Power Company is designated as
a party respondent.
No. 430. Sam Achilli, petitioner, v. United States of America.
The order of November 19, 1956, denying the petition for writ of
certiorari to the Court of Appeals for the Seventh Circuit is vacated
and the petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of
Appeals for the Seventh Circuit is granted limited to the question of
whether petitioner could be prosecuted and sentenced as for a viola-
tion of § 145 (b) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1939 where the facts
also showed a violation of § 3616 (a) of the Internal Revenue Code of
1939. The case is transferred to the summary calendar. The brief of
counsel for the petitioner shall be filed by March 30, 1957, and that of
the respondent by April 26, 1957.
No. 699. Nashville Milk Company, petitioner, v. Carnation Com-
pany. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of
Appeals for the Seventh Circuit granted and case transferred to the
summary calendar.
No. 707. Safeway Stores, Incorporated, a Corporation, petitioner,
v. Harry V. Vance, Trustee in Bankruptcy for Frank Melvin Thomp-
son, Bankrupt. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Court of Appeals for the Tenth Circuit granted and case transferred
to the summary calendar. The case is assigned for argument immedi-
ately following No. 699.
No. 710. Albert L. Trop, petitioner, v. John Foster Dulles, as Sec-
retary of State of the United States, et al. Petition for writ of
certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit
granted and case transferred to the summary calendar. The case is
assigned for argument immediately following No. 572 and No. 415.
The brief of counsel for the petitioner shall be filed by March 30, 1957,
and that of the respondent by April 26, 1957.
No. 457, Misc. Arthur Thomas, petitioner, v. State of Arizona.
Motion for leave to proceed in forma pauperis and petition for writ
of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the Ninth
Circuit granted. Case transferred to the appellate docket.

MONDAY, MARCH 4, 1957
189
No. 640. John M. Tomasian, petitioner, v. Sarah Manoukian and
Gloria Tatigian, Individually and as Executrices of the Estate of
Kohar Tomasian, Deceased. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
United States Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia Circuit
denied.
No. 669. Clyde J. Bowman, Bertrand Hoffman, Eugene Dyll, et al.,
petitioners, v. Pennsylvania State Chamber of Commerce et al. Peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Pennsylvania,
Eastern District, denied.
No. 682. Charles Edward Williams, petitioner, v. United States of
America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court
of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 684. Estate of Harrison P. Shedd, Deceased, First National
Bank of Arizona, Phoenix, Executor, petitioner, v. Commissioner of
Internal Revenue. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit denied.
No. 687. John Federika and Catherine Federika, his wife, et al.,
petitioners, v. Commissioner of Internal Revenue. Petition for cer-
tiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the Sixth Circuit
denied.
No. 698. Wade H. Cooper, petitioner, v. United States of America.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the District of Columbia Circuit denied.
No. 701. Sylvester Poliafico, Salvatore Lazzaro, Munzio Romano,
et al., petitioners, v. United States of America. Petition for writ of
certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the Sixth Circuit
denied.
No. 703. The Lakeshore Company, petitioner, v. The City of
Euclid; and
No. 704. Benjamin D. Zevin and Lillian C. Zevin, petitioners, v.
The City of Euclid. Petitions for writs of certiorari to the Supreme
Court of Ohio denied.
No 706. Ray S. Kalwajtys, Walter J. Kalwajtys, et al., Individ-
ually and as Co-Partners Doing Business as General Products, pe-
titioners, v. Federal Trade Commission. Petition for writ of certi-
orari to the United States Court of Appeals for the Seventh Circuit
denied.
No. 708. C. Richard Collins and Floyd Collins, etc., petitioners, v.
Laclede Gas Company, a Missouri Corporation; Phil Donnelly, as
Governor of the State of Missouri, et al. Petition for writ of certio-
rari to the United States Court of Appeals for the Eighth Circuit
denied.

MONDAY, MARCH 4, 1957
190
No. 711. Farr Company, a Corporation, petitioner, v. Jules D.
Gratiot and Air-Maze Corporation. Petition for writ of certiorari
to the United States Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit denied.
No. 712. Eve B. Pahmer, petitioner, v. United States of America
and Eva Pahmer. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit denied.
No. 445, Misc. John Cox, petitioner, v. Ross V. Randolph, Warden.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of Macon County,
Illinois, denied.
No. 558, Misc. J. Norman Stone, petitioner, v. The State of Wyo-
ming, Upon Relation of the Attorney General, George F. Guy, et al.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Wyoming
denied.
ORDER
Pursuant to the provisions of Title 28, U. S. C., § 42, It is ordered
that Mr. Justice Burton be, and he is hereby, temporarily assigned
to the Sixth Circuit as Circuit Justice.
The Court will take a recess from Monday, March 11, until Monday,
March 25, next.
No. 304. United States of America, petitioner, v. Victor Calamaro.
Argued by Mr. Leonard B. Sand for the petitioner and by Mr. Ray-
mond J. Bradley for the respondent.
No. 205. United States of America, ex rel. Anastasios Hintopoulos,
et al., petitioners, v. Edward J. Shaughnessy, District Director of Im-
migration and Naturalization Service at the Port of New York.
Argued by Mr. Jay Nicholas Long for the petitioners and by Mr.
Maurice A. Roberts for the respondent.
No. 125. Arkansas & Louisiana Missouri Railway Company; The
Atchison, Topeka and Santa Fe Railroad Company; Gulf, Colorado
and Santa Fe Railway Company; et al., appellants, v. Amarillo-Borger
Express, Inc., et al.; and
No. 224. United States of America and Interstate Commerce Com-
mission, appellants, v. Amarillo-Borger Express, Inc., et al. Argu-
ment commenced by Mr. Robert W. Ginnane for the appellants in No.

MONDAY, MARCH 4, 1957
191
224, and continued by Mr. William R. McDowell for the appellants
in No. 125.
Adjourned until tomorrow at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Tuesday, March 5, will be as follows: Nos. 125
(and 224), 257, 175, and 162.
☑
Х

TUESDAY, MARCH 5, 1957
192
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: Mr. Chief Justice Warren, Mr. Justice Black, Mr. Justice
Frankfurter, Mr. Justice Douglas, Mr. Justice Burton, Mr. Justice
Clark, Mr. Justice Harlan, and Mr. Justice Brennan.
Leo M. Rosencrans, of Los Angeles, Calif., and Joseph R. Mc-
Guire, of Los Angeles, Calif., on motion of Mr. Victor R. Hansen;
Joseph Fisher, of Chicago, Ill., Leonard Fisher, of Chicago, Ill.,
Lawrence Fisher, of Chicago, Ill., and Leon L. Mazor, of Chicago,
Ill., on motion of Mr. Everett McKinley Dirksen; Marvin Erle Mon-
roe, of Findley, Ohio, on motion of Mr. Jackson E. Betts; Robert J.
Downing, of Chicago, Ill., on motion of Mr. Harold Leventhal; Mar-
shall Sidney Marcus, of New York, N. Y., on motion of Mr. Walter
W. Ahrens; John D. Mosser, of Portland, Oreg., on motion of Mr.
Kneland C. Tanner; Charles Jordan Fain, of Branson, Mo., on mo-
tion of Mr. James P. Kem; Maxwell E. Sparrow, of New York, N. Y.,
on motion of Mr. J. Preston Swecker; William W. Dulles, of New
York, N. Y., on motion of Mr. James E. Greeley; Joseph McCann,
of Chevy Chase, Md., on motion of Mr. Vernon L. Wilkinson; Farley
Witherspoon Warner, of Birmingham, Ala., on motion of Mr. Daniel
L. O'Connor; John Merrill Heaphy, Jr., of Detroit, Mich., on motion
of Mr. Edwin Yourman; and Don H. Reuben, of Chicago, Ill., and
Saul A. Epton, of Chicago, Ill., on motion of Mr. Perry S. Patterson,
were admitted to practice.
No. 125. Arkansas & Louisiana Missouri Railway Company; The
Atchison, Topeka and Santa Fe Railway Company; Gulf, Colorado
and Santa Fe Railway Company; et al.. appellants, v. Amarillo-
Borger Express, Inc., et al.; and
No. 224. United States of America and Interstate Commerce Com-
mission, appellants, v. Amarillo-Borger Express, Inc., et al. Argu-
ment concluded by Mr. Ralph W. Currie for the appellees in both.
cases.
No. 257. Gordon P. Haynes and Essie M. Haynes, petitioners, v.
United States of America. Argued by Mr. John H. Hudson for the
petitioners and by Mr. Hilbert P. Zarky for the respondent.
400278-57-50

TUESDAY, MARCH 5, 1957
193
No. 175. Paul M. Sweezy, appellant, v. State of New Hampshire
by Louis C. Wyman, Attorney General. Argued by Mr. Thomas I.
Emerson for the appellant and by Mr. Louis C. Wyman for the ap-
pellee. Memorandum to come.
Adjourned until tomorrow at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Wednesday, March 6, will be as follows: Nos. 162,
204, 89, and 261.

WEDNESDAY, MARCH 6, 1957
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
194
Present: Mr. Chief Justice Warren, Mr. Justice Black, Mr. Justice
Frankfurter, Mr. Justice Douglas, Mr. Justice Burton, Mr. Justice
Clark, Mr. Justice Harlan, and Mr. Justice Brennan.
William F. Mattoon, of Pueblo, Colo., on motion of Mr. Donald R.
Simpson; Stanley W. Trachta, of Plentywood, Mont., on motion of
Mr. James R. Browning; Edmond Wesley Ragan, of Chicago, Ill., on
motion of Mr. Frank D. Reeves; and Kenneth William Moroney, of
New York, N. Y., on motion of Mr. Bailey Walsh, were admitted to
practice.
No. 162. Shirley Kermen, Samuel Irving Coleman, and Sidney
☐ Steinberg, petitioners, v. United States of America. Argued by Mr.
Norman Leonard for the petitioners and by Mr. Kevin T. Maroney
for the respondent.
No. 204. William Benz et al., petitioners, v. Compania Naviera
Hidalgo, S. A., a Corporation. Argued by Mr. Kneland C. Tanner
for the petitioners and by Mr. John D. Mosser for the respondent.
No. 89. Automobile Club of Michigan, petitioner, v. Commissioner
of Internal Revenue. Argument commenced by Mr. Ellsworth C.
Alvord for the petitioner and continued by Mr. Raymond H. Berry
for the petitioner and by Mr. John N. Stull for the respondent.
Adjourned until tomorrow at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Thursday, March 7, will be as follows: Nos. 89,
261, and 371.
X
400278-57-51

THURSDAY, MARCH 7, 1957
195
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: Mr. Chief Justice Warren, Mr. Justice Black, Mr. Justice
Frankfurter, Mr. Justice Douglas, Mr. Justice Burton, Mr. Justice
Clark, Mr. Justice Harlan, and Mr. Justice Brennan.
Robert W. Lees, of Philadelphia, Pa., on motion of Mr. Solicitor
General James Lee Rankin; Paul D. Laxalt, of Carson City, Nev.,
on motion of Mr. Alan Bible; John M. Kaufman, of Newark, N. J.,
and Michael J. Marzano, of Newark, N. J., on motion of Mr. Philip
Elman; Francis E. Blake, of Rochester, N. Y., on motion of Mr. Max
C. Louis; Michael Kaminsky, of New York, N. Y., on motion of
Mr. F. Joseph Donohue; Jack Warren Tompkins, Jr., of Columbia,
S. C., on motion of Mr. Harlan Wood; and Robert P. Whipple, of
Akron, Ohio, and Stanley M. Clark, of Parma, Ohio, on motion of
Mr. Edward S. Irons, were admitted to practice.
No. 89. Automobile Club of Michigan, petitioner, v. Commissioner
of Internal Revenue. Argument continued by Mr. John N. Stull
for the respondent and concluded by Mr. Ellsworth C. Alvord for
the petitioner.
No. 261. John T. Watkins, petitioner, v. United States of America.
Argued by Mr. Joseph L. Rauh, Jr., for the petitioner and by Mr.
Solicitor General Rankin for the respondent. Memorandum for
respondent to come.
No. 371. Bessie Lasky and Jesse L. Lasky, petitioners, v. Commis-
sioner of Internal Revenue. Argued by Mr. Robert Ash for the
petitioners and by Mr. Philip Elman for the respondent.
Adjourned until Monday, March 11, next, at 12 o'clock.
Х
400278–57–52

MONDAY, MARCH 11, 1957
196
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: Mr. Chief Justice Warren, Mr. Justice Black, Mr. Justice
Frankfurter, Mr. Justice Douglas, Mr. Justice Burton, Mr. Justice
Clark, Mr. Justice Harlan, and Mr. Justice Brennan.
David H. Patton, of Detroit, Mich., and Thomas W. O'Connell, of
Rochester, N. Y., on motion of Mr. Solicitor General James Lee
Rankin; Harry Bexley, of Decatur, Ga., on motion of Mr. James C.
Davis; Howard W. Cannon, of Las Vegas, Nev., on motion of Mr.
Alan Bible; Homer M. Edwards, of Ironton, Ohio, on motion of
Mr. Thomas A. Jenkins; Daniel J. Hallahan, of Chicago, Ill., on
motion of Mr. Charles A. Boyle; Alfred E. LaFrance, of Racine,
Wisc., on motion of Mr. Lawrence H. Smith; Everett G. Hopson, of
Springfield, Ill., and James Taylor, Jr., of Elkin, N. C., on motion of
Mr. Donald R. Simpson; David Aaron, of Buena Park, Calif., on
motion of Mr. Charles Sylvanus Rhyne; William Tinker, of Wichita,
Kans., on motion of Mr. Richard B. McEntire; William Porter, of
Wichita, Kans., on motion of Mr. John Holt Myers; William C.
O'Brien, of Aurora, Ill., and John Jerome Templin, of Champaign,
Ill., on motion of Mr. William Pitt Shattuck; Joseph Marks Brush,
of New York, N. Y., on motion of Mr. Warner C. Pyne; John D.
Collins, of Morristown, N. J., Bertram Polow, of Morristown, N. J.,
and Edward J. Wolak, of Clifton, N. J., on motion of Mr. Aaron
Dines; Robert Clyde Barker, of Chicago, Ill., of Gregory S. Prince;
Norman S. Beier, of New York, N. Y., on motion of Mr. Leonard
B. Sand; George A. Blackstone, of San Francisco, Calif., and Joseph
Bernard Levin, of Chicago, Ill., on motion of Mr. Thomas G. Meeker;
Milton R. Elliott, of Oklahoma City, Okla., on motion of Mr. Alan
Y. Cole; James V. Ramsdell, of Tacoma, Wash., on motion of Mr.
Homer S. Carpenter; Charles E. Hinsdale, of Hendersonville, N. C.,
on motion of Mr. Homer A. Walkup; and Morton Grossman, of
New York, N. Y., on motion of Mr. Francis P. Noonan, were admitted
to practice.
No. 71. Luis Alvara Ceballos (y Arboleda), petitioner, v. Edward
J. Shaughnessy, District Director of the Immigration and Naturali-
zation Service at the Port of New York. On writ of certiorari to the
United States Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit. Judgment
affirmed and case remanded to the United States District Court for
the Southern District of New York. Opinion by Mr. Justice Brennan.
400278-57-53

MONDAY, MARCH 11, 1957
197
No. 44. United States of America, appellant, v. International
Union, United Automobile, Aircraft and Agricultural Implement
Workers of America (UAW-CIO). Appeal from the United States
District Court for the Eastern District of Michigan. Judgment re-
versed and case remanded to the United States District Court for the
Eastern District of Michigan for further proceedings not inconsistent
with the opinion of this Court. Opinion by Mr. Justice Frankfurter.
Dissenting opinion by Mr. Justice Douglas with whom Mr. Chief
Justice Warren and Mr. Justice Black join.
The Chief Justice announced the following orders of the Court:
No. 122. James P. Mitchell, Secretary of Labor, United States
Department of Labor, petitioner, v. Bekins Van and Storage Com-
pany, a Corporation. On writ of certiorari to the United States
Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit. Per Curiam: The judgment
is reversed. Respondent's five physically separate warehouses do not
constitute a single "retail establishment" within the meaning of the
exemption provided by § 13 (a) (2) of the Fair Labor Standards Act,
52 Stat. 1067, as amended, 63 Stat. 917, 29 U. S. C. § 213 (a) (2).
Phillips, Inc. v. Walling, 324 U. S. 490; see 95 Cong. Rec. 12579.
Mr. Justice Burton and Mr. Justice Harlan, believing that the deci-
sion of the Court of Appeals was based upon proper standards and
sufficient evidence, would affirm the judgment.
No. 125. Arkansas & Louisiana Missouri Railway Company, et al.,
appellants, v. Amarillo-Borger Express, Inc., et al.; and
No. 224. United States of America and Interstate Commerce Com-
mission, appellants, v. Amarillo-Borger Express, Inc., et al. Appeals
from the United States District Court for the Northern District of
Texas. Per Curiam: The judgment is vacated and the cases are re-
manded to the District Court with directions to dismiss the cause as
moot. Mr. Justice Frankfurter and Mr. Justice Douglas dissent.
No. 371. Bessie Lasky and Jesse L. Lasky, petitioners, v. Commis-
sioner of Internal Revenue. On writ of certiorari to the United
States Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit. Per Curiam: The
judgment is affirmed. R. Simpson & Co. v. Commissioner, 321 U. S.
225; Helvering v. Northern Coal Co., 293 U. S. 191. Mr. Justice
Douglas dissents.
The Chief Justice said:
"The other orders of the Court appear upon the list certified by the
Chief Justice and filed with the Clerk and will not be announced
orally."

-
MONDAY, MARCH 11, 1957
198
No. —. L. B. Binion, petitioner, v. United States of America; and
No. 666. Frank Costello, petitioner, v. United States of America.
On writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the
Second Circuit.
Per Curiam: Petitioners in both the above cases have applied to
individual Justices for bail under Rule 46 of the Federal Rules of
Criminal Procedure. The relevant legal circumstances concerning
bail are identical in both cases. Both were convicted of income tax
evasion involving § 145 (b) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1939.
Both were sentenced to imprisonment for five years on each of three
counts, the sentences to run concurrently. Both contend that they
should have been sentenced under § 3616 (a) of the Internal Revenue
Code of 1939, which makes it a misdemeanor (punishable by a maxi-
mum of one year's imprisonment) to file a false return with intent to
evade tax, the offense for which each was convicted. The question
petitioners raise was discussed but not decided in Berra v. United
States, 351 U. S. 131. This question is presented in Achilli v. United
States, No. 430, which the Court has set for hearing during the week
of April 29. Pending final determination of this question, we think
petitioners are entitled to bail, the Government having presented no
adequate reason why bail should not be granted. Accordingly, peti-
tioners are admitted to bail, pending the disposition of the Achilli
case, by executing a good and sufficient bail bond in the sum of $25,000,
the same to be approved by a district judge of the court in which peti-
tioners were convicted. Following approval, the bond will be posted
with the clerk of the district court.
No. 697. Wilson Jenkins, appellant, v. United States of America.
Appeal from the United States Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit.
Per Curiam: The motion to dismiss is granted and the appeal is
dismissed.
No. 14, Original. State of South Carolina, plaintiff, v. State of
Georgia. The motion for leave to file bill of complaint is denied.
No. 741. Weyerhaeuser Steamship Company, petitioner, v. Naci-
rema Operating Co., Inc. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United
States Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit granted and case
transferred to the summary calendar.
No. 331. Herbert S. Miller, for the Benefit of Himself and all
Persons Similarly Situated, petitioner, v. J. J. Gilliece and W. K.
Wells, Personally and as Representatives of all Members of the

MONDAY, MARCH 11, 1957
199
Brotherhood of Railroad Trainmen, et al. Petition for writ of cer-
tiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the Sixth Circuit
denied.
No. 709. Gooding Amusement Company, Incorporated, F. E.
Gooding, Elizabeth Gooding, et al., petitioners, v. Commissioner of
Internal Revenue. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Court of Appeals for the Sixth Circuit denied.
No. 713. Delsea Corporation, petitioner, v. William B. Flickstein,
Trustee in Bankruptcy, Quaker City Uniform Company, Inc.; and
No. 717. Daniel P. Veloric and Fidelity-Philadelphia Trust Com-
pany, petitioners, v. College Hall Fashions and Synthetic Specialists,
Inc. Petitions for writs of certiorari to the United States Court of
Appeals for the Third Circuit denied.
No. 714. A. Philip Woolfson, petitioner, v. Lester T. Doyle, as
Trustee in Reorganization, et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to
the United States Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit denied.
No. 715. Schley Brown, petitioner, v. United States of America.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the District of Columbia Circuit denied.
No. 5, Misc. Henry Davis, petitioner, v. Joseph E. Ragen, Warden.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Criminal Court of Cook County,
Illinois, denied.
No. 11, Misc. Edward W. Dopkowski, petitioner, v. Joseph E.
Ragen, Warden, of the Illinois Stateville Prison. Petition for writ
of certiorari to the Criminal Court of Cook County, Illinois, denied.
No. 405, Misc. Aaron Walter Burgett, petitioner, v. United States
of America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court
of Appeals for the Eighth Circuit denied.
No. 441, Misc. Frank Bullard, petitioner, v. United States of
America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court
of Appeals for the District of Columbia Circuit denied.
No. 448, Misc. Allen Williams, petitioner, v. United States of
America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court
of Appeals for the District of Columbia Circuit denied.
No. 564, Misc. Claude W. Morse, petitioner, v. People of the State
of Michigan. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court
of Michigan denied.
No. 595, Misc. Clifford Jefferson, petitioner, v. People of the State
of California and Harley O. Teets, Warden. Application for stay

MONDAY, MARCH 11, 1957
200
of execution denied. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme
Court of California denied. The Chief Justice took no part in the
consideration or decision of these applications.
No. 597, Misc. James Reese, petitioner, v. The People of the State
of California and Harley O. Teets, Warden. Application for stay
of execution denied. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme
Court of California denied.
No. 530, Misc. Marjorie A. Mullins, petitioner, v. Honorable Al-
fred D. Barksdale, United States District Judge, et al. Motion for
leave to file petition for writ of mandamus and for other relief
denied.
Adjourned until Monday, March 25, next, at one o'clock.
The day call for Monday, March 25, will be as follows: Nos. 211,
262, and 276.
☑

MONDAY, MARCH 25, 1957
201
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: Mr. Chief Justice Warren, Mr. Justice Black, Mr. Justice
Frankfurter, Mr. Justice Douglas, Mr. Justice Burton, Mr. Justice
Clark, Mr. Justice Harlan, Mr. Justice Brennan, and Mr. Justice
Whittaker.
It is ordered that the Commission of Mr. Justice Brennan be re-
corded and that his oaths be filed.
The commission of Mr. Justice Brennan is in the words and figures
following, viz:
"DWIGHT D. EISENHOWER,
"PRESIDENT OF THE UNITED STATES OF AMERICA,
"TO ALL WHO SHALL SEE THESE PRESENTS, Greeting:
"KNOW YE; That reposing special trust and confidence in the
Wisdom, Uprightness, and Learning of William Joseph Brennan,
Jr., of New Jersey I have nominated, and, by and with the advice and
consent of the Senate, do appoint him Associate Justice of the Supreme
Court of the United States and do authorize and empower him to
execute and fulfil the duties of that Office according to the Constitu-
tion and Laws of the said United States, and to Have and to Hold
the said Office, with all the powers, privileges and emoluments to
the same of right appertaining, unto Him, the said William Joseph
Brennan, Jr., during his good behavior.
"In testimony whereof, I have caused these Letters to be made
patent and the seal of the Department of Justice to be hereunto
affixed.
"Done at the City of Washington this twenty-first day of March, in
the year of our Lord one thousand nine hundred and fifty-seven, and
of the Independence of the United States of America the one hun-
dred and eighty-first.
[SEAL]
"By the President:
"HERBERT BROWNELL, Jr.,
"Attorney General."
The Chief Justice said:
"DWIGHT D. EISENHOWER.
"The President, with the advice and consent of the Senate, has ap-
pointed the Honorable Charles Evans Whittaker of Missouri, Circuit
400278-57-54

MONDAY, MARCH 25, 1957
202
Judge of the Eighth Circuit, an Associate Justice of this Court to suc-
ceed Justice Reed. Justice Whittaker has taken the Constitutional
Oath administered by the Chief Justice. He is now present in Court.
The Clerk will read his commission. He will then take the Judicial
Oath, to be administered by the Clerk, after which the Marshal will
escort him to his seat on the bench."
The Clerk then read the commission as follows:
"DWIGHT D. EISENHOWER,
"PRESIDENT OF THE UNITED STATES OF AMERICA,
"TO ALL WHO SHALL SEE THESE PRESENTS, Greeting:
"KNOW YE; That reposing special trust and confidence in the Wis-
dom, Uprightness, and Learning of Charles E. Whittaker of Mis-
souri, I have nominated, and, by and with the advice and consent of
the Senate, do appoint him Associate Justice of the Supreme Court of
the United States and do authorize and empower him to execute and
fulfil the duties of that Office according to the Constitution and Laws
of the said United States, and to Have and to Hold the said Office,
with all the powers, privileges and emoluments to the same of right
appertaining, unto Him, the said Charles E. Whittaker, during his
good behavior.
"In testimony whereof, I have caused these Letters to be made pat-
ent and the seal of the Department of Justice to be hereunto affixed.
"Done at the City of Washington this twenty-second day of March,
in the year of our Lord one thousand nine hundred and fifty-seven,
and of the Independence of the United States of America the one
hundred and eighty-first.
[SEAL]
"By the President:
"HERBERT BROWNELL, Jr.,
"Attorney General."
"DWIGHT D. EISENHOWER.
The oath of office was then administered by the Clerk, and Mr.
Justice Whittaker was escorted by the Marshal to his seat on the
bench.
The oaths taken by Mr. Justice Whittaker are in the following
words, viz:
"I, Charles E. Whittaker, do solemnly swear that I will support and
defend the Constitution of the United States against all enemies,
foreign and domestic; that I will bear true faith and allegiance to
the
same; that I take this obligation freely, without any mental reser-

MONDAY, MARCH 25, 1957
203
vation or purpose of evasion; and that I will well and faithfully dis-
charge the duties of the office on which I am about to enter.
"So help me God.
"CHARLES E. WHITTAKER.
"Subscribed and sworn to before me this 25th day of March A. D.
1957.
"EARL WARREN,
"Chief Justice."
"I, Charles E. Whittaker, do solemnly swear that I will administer
justice without respect to persons, and do equal right to the poor and
to the rich, and that I will faithfully and impartially discharge and
perform all the duties incumbent on me as Associate Justice of the
Supreme Court of the United States according to the best of my abili-
ties and understanding, agreeably to the Constitution and laws of the
United States.
"So help me God.
"CHARLES E. WHITTAKER.
"Subscribed and sworn to before me this 25th day of March A. D.
1957.
"JOHN T. FEY,
"Clerk of the Supreme Court of the United States."
Andrew G. Pitt, of Chicago, Ill., Cornelius Pitt, of Chicago, Ill.,
Peter K. Maier, of San Francisco, Calif., William R. Gunner, of
Dixon, Ill., Williams S. Murphy, of Lucedale, Miss., and Allen A.
Bowden, of Seattle, Wash., on motion of Mr. Solicitor General James.
Lee Rankin; Irving S. Hook, of Denver, Colo., on motion of Mr.
John A. Carroll; Raphael J. Moses, of Alasmosa, Colo., on motion of
Mr. Gordon L. Alott; Ronald Daniel Call, of New Orleans, La.,
A. J. Graffagnino, of Metairie, La., Stanley Ernest Löeb, of New Or-
leans, La., and Albert Russell Roberts, of Metairie, La., on motion of
Mr. Hale Boggs; Edgar L. Berlin, of Port Neches, Tex., and Gaston
H. Wilder, Jr., of Beaumont, Tex., on motion of Mr. Jack B. Brooks;
Joe Cannon, of Muskogee, Okla., on motion of Mr. Edmond A. Ed-
mondson, Jr.; Philip Knox, Jr., of Los Angeles, Calif., and Aaron
Walter Reese, of San Diego, Calif., on motion of Mr. James B. Utt;
H. Allen Smith, of Los Angeles, Calif., on motion of Mr. Daniel L.
O'Connor; Alfred Jaretzki, Jr., of New York, N. Y., on motion of
Mr. Dean G. Acheson; Samuel J. Molby, Jr., of Kansas City, Mo., on
motion of Mr. Douglas Stripp; Fred M. Mazzulla, of Denver, Colo.,
John Bell Barnard, of Granby, Colo., Duane Louis Barnard, of

MONDAY, MARCH 25, 1957
204
Granby, Colo., and John Bell Barnard, Jr., of Colby, Colo., on motion
of Mr. Byron G. Rogers; Lawrence Harvey Williams, of Boulder,
Colo., John Gettys Lee, of Booneville, Miss., Jack Panky Jefferies,
of Harrisonburg, Va., Lee B. Ledford, Jr., of Smith, Ky., Edward J.
Kotrich, of Minneapolis, Minn., James P. Healey, Jr., of San Fran-
cisco, Calif., Miguel A. Burset, of San Juan, P. R., Engelbert J.
Berger, of Adams, Mass., William McCulley Harris, Jr., of Camilla,
Ga., Donald N. Schauf, of Hoisington, Kans., James E. Stodgel, of
Lynchburg, Ohio, Lee M. McHughes, of New Orleans, La., Donald
Joseph Becker, of Bellevue, Iowa, Malvern Jacob Sheffield, Jr.,
of
Norfolk, Va., Fred A. Chalupsky, of Cedar Rapids, Iowa, Frank C.
Stetson, of Washington, D. C., Edwin E. Allen, of Eugene, Oreg.,
Gene Edward Overbeck, of St. Louis, Mo., Paul J. Miller, of Boston,
Mass., and Douglas Broward Craig, of New York, N. Y., on motion
of Mr. George W. Hickman, Jr., Addison Lane McGovern, of Boston,
Mass., and James Vorenberg, of Boston, Mass., on motion of Mr.
Warren F. Farr; Francis N. Crenshaw, of Norfolk, Va., on motion
of Mr. Guilford D. Ware; Oscar H. Mauzy, of Dallas, Tex., on mo-
tion of Mr. Joseph L. Rauh, Jr.; William Warner, of New York,
N. Y., on motion of Mr. William Garth Symmers; Bion Bernard
Vogel, of Los Angeles, Calif., Ralph E. Lewis, of Los Angeles, Calif.,
and Herman H. Levy, of Los Angeles, Calif., on motion of Mr.
Eugene Dungan Williams; Raphael L. Elias, of New York, N. Y.,
on motion of Mr. John O. Dahlgren; Samuel T. Lawton, Jr., of Chi-
cago, Ill., on motion of Mr. H. Raymond Cluster; Robert G. Day, of
Peoria, Ill., on motion of Mr. Royal E. Jackson; Eugene W. Geniesse,
of Washington, D. C., on motion of Mr. Francis G. Cole; Luther
Hudson, of Fort Worth, Tex., on motion of Mr. L. Welch Pogue;
James C. Herndon, of Akron, Ohio, on motion of Mr. Alan Y. Cole;
Oliver B. Schwab, of Los Angeles, Calif., and Marvin Sears, of Los
Angeles, Calif., on motion of Mr. Norman S. Altman; Fred W. Elar-
bee, Jr., or Atlanta, Ga., Robert K. Bell, of Huntsville, Ala., Carl
A. Morring, Jr., of Huntsville, Ala., and Patrick W. Richardson, of
Huntsville, Ala., on motion of Mr. Frank A. Constangy; Myrle L.
Andrews, of Greenfield, Ind., on motion of Mr. Geo. Stephen Leonard;
John F. Pickett, Jr., of Middletown, Conn., on motion of Mr. Joseph
Robert Walsh; Joseph Malone, Jr., of Greenville, N. Y., Francis C.
Mackall, of Berkeley, Calif., Erwin F. Fredrich, of Milwaukee, Wis.,
and Charles W. Thompson, of Baltimore, Md., on motion of Mr. Joe
Samuel Wallace; Wallace N. Springer, Jr., of Springfied, Mo., on
motion of Mr. Langdon Cheves West, Jr.; Dulany Foster, of Balti-
more, Md., on motion of Mr. Robert E. Coughlan, Jr.; Daniel T.
Drummond, Jr., of Portland, Maine, and William B. Mahoney, of
Portland, Maine, on motion of Mr. Douglas M. Orr; James W. Cobb,

MONDAY, MARCH 25, 1957
205
of Washington, D. C., on motion of Mr. James B. Cobb; Lyman A.
Melby, of Faulkton, S. Dak., on motion of Mr. George L. Powell;
and Chester R. Schwesinger, of Flint, Mich., on motion of Mr. Charles
M. Trammell, Jr., were admitted to practice.
No. 205. United States of America, ex rel. Anastasios Hintopoulos,
et al., petitioners, v. Edward J. Shaughnessy, District Director of
Immigration and Naturalization Service at the Port of New York.
On writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the
Second Circuit. Judgement affirmed and case remanded to the United
States District Court for the Southern District of New York. Opin-
ion by Mr. Justice Harlan. Dissenting opinion by Mr. Justice Doug-
las with whom Mr. Justice Black joins. Mr. Justice Whittaker took
no part in the consideration or decision of this case.
No. 58. Albert Roviaro, petitioner, v. United States of America.
On writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the
Seventh Circuit. Judgment of the Court of Appeals reversed and
case remanded to the United States District Court for the Northern
District of Illinois for proceedings not inconsistent with the opinion
of this Court. Opinion by Mr. Justice Burton. Dissenting opinion
by Mr. Justice Clark. Mr. Justice Black and Mr. Justice Whittaker
took no part in the consideration or decision of this case.
No. 491. Leona Peak, petitioner, v. United States of America. On
writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the Sixth
Circuit. Judgment of the Court of Appeals is reversed and the case
is remanded to the United States District Court for the Eastern
District of Tennessee for trial. Opinion by Mr. Justice Douglas.
Separate opinion by Mr. Justice Harlan, concurring in part and dis-
senting in part, with whom Mr. Justice Frankfurter and Mr. Justice
Burton join. Mr. Justice Whittaker took no part in the consideration
or decision of this case.
No. 280. P. S. Guss, d/b/a Photo Sound Products Manufacturing
Company, appellant, v. Utah Labor Relations Board. Appeal from
the Supreme Court of Utah. Judgment of the Supreme Court of Utah
reversed with costs and case remanded to the Supreme Court of Utah
for proceedings not inconsistent with the opinion of this Court.
Opinion by Mr. Chief Justice Warren. Dissenting opinion by Mr.
Justice Burton with whom Mr. Justice Clark joins. Mr. Justice
Whittaker took no part in the consideration or decision of this case.
No. 41. Amalgamated Meat Cutters and Butcher Workmen of
North America, Local No. 427, AFL, et al., petitioners, v. Fairlawn
Meats, Inc. On writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Ohio.
Judgment vacated and case remanded to the Supreme Court of
400278-57--55

1
MONDAY, MARCH 25, 1957
206
Ohio for proceedings not inconsistent with the opinion of this
Court. Opinion by Mr. Chief Justice Warren. Dissenting opinion by
Mr. Justice Burton with whom Mr. Justice Clark joins. Mr. Justice
Whittaker took no part in the consideration or decision of this case.
No. 50. San Diego Building Trades Council, et al., petitioners, v.
J. S. Garmon, et al. On writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of
California. Judgment vacated and case remanded to the Supreme
Court of California for proceedings not inconsistent with this opinion
and the opinions of this Court in Guss v. Utah Labor Relations
Board and Amalgamated Meat Cutters v. Fairlawn Meats, Inc.
decided today. Opinion by Mr. Chief Justice Warren. Dissenting
opinion by Mr. Justice Burton with whom Mr. Justice Clark joins.
Mr. Justice Whittaker took no part in the consideration or decision
of this case.
No. 313. Brotherhood of Railroad Trainmen, etc., et al., petitioners,
v. Chicago River and Indiana Railroad Company, et al. On writ of
certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the Seventh Cir-
cuit. Judgment of the Court of Appeals affirmed and case remanded
to the United States District Court for the Northern District of
Illinois. Opinion by Mr. Chief Justice Warren. Mr. Justice Whit-
taker took no part in the consideration or decision of this case.
The Chief Justice said :
"The orders of the Court appear upon the list certified by the Chief
Justice and filed with the Clerk and will not be announced orally."
No. 77. John Gunaca, petitioner, v. National Labor Relations
Board on the Relation of Kohler Co. On writ of certiorari to the
United States Court of Appeals for the Seventh Circuit. Per Curiam:
Upon suggestion of mootness by all the parties, the judgment of the
Court of Appeals is vacated and the case is remanded to the District
Court with directions to dismiss the cause as moot.
No. 762. Theodore Wisniewski, v. United States of America. On
certificate from the United States Court of Appeals for the Eighth
Circuit. Per Curiam: Defendant was convicted of violation of 26
CFR § 175.121, a Regulation promulgated by the Secretary of the
Treasury under the authority of § 2871 of the Internal Revenue Code
of 1939, and providing that:
"No liquor bottle shall be reused for the packaging of distilled spirits
for sale, except as provided in § 175.63 [exceptions not here relevant],
nor shall the original contents, or any portion of such original con-
tents, remaining in a liquor bottle be increased by the addition of any
substance."
The Court of Appeals for the Eighth Circuit has certified to this
Court the following question: "Does the phrase 'any substance' as em-
ployed in 26 C. F. R., Section 175.121, 1952 Cumulative Pocket Sup-
plement, include tax paid distilled spirits?"

MONDAY, MARCH 25, 1957
207
It appears that the question certified by the Court of Appeals was
decided by another panel of that court less than a year and a half be-
fore the present certification, on reviewing the dismissal of the indict-
ment in this very case. United States v. Goldberg, 225 F.2d 180. Be-
cause of the volume of business, all but two Circuits have more than
three Circuit Judges. This undoubtedly raises problems when one
panel has doubts about a previous decision by another panel of the
same court. Whatever procedure a Court of Appeals follows to re-
solve these problems-and desirable judicial administration com-
mends consistency at least in the more or less contemporaneous de-
cisions of different panels of a Court of Appeals-doubt about the re-
spect to be accorded to a previous decision of a different panel should
not be the occasion for invoking so exceptional a jurisdiction of this
Court as that on certification. It is primarily the task of a Court of
Appeals to reconcile its internal difficulties. See In re Burwell, 350
U. S. 521; Western Pacific R. Corp. v. Western Pacific R. Co., 345
U. S. 247. It is also the task of a Court of Appeals to decide all
properly presented cases coming before it, except in the rare instances,
as for example the pendency of another case before this Court raising
the same issue, when certification may be advisable in the proper ad-
ministration and expedition of judicial business.
The certificate must be dismissed.
No. 548, Misc. Neal Collins, appellant, v. The People of the State
of California. Appeal from the District Court of Appeal of Cali-
fornia, Second Appellate District. Per Curiam: The appeal is dis-
cussed for want of a substantial federal question.
No. 550, Misc. Billy Ray McElroy, appellant, v. State of Mary-
land. Appeal from the Court of Appeals of Maryland. Per Curiam:
The appeal is dismissed for want of jurisdiction. Treating the papers
whereon the appeal was taken as a petition for writ of certiorari,
certiorari is denied.
No. 11, Original. United States of America, plaintiff, v. State of
Louisiana. The motion of Parish of St. Bernard, Louisiana, et al.,
for leave to intervene is denied. The Chief Justice took no part in
the consideration or decision of this motion.
No. 107. Kingsley Books, Inc., Louis Finkelstein, Doing Business
as Times Book Shop, et al., appellants, v. Peter Campbell Brown,
Corporation Counsel of the City of New York. The motion of the
Attorney General of New York for leave to appear and present oral
argument, as amicus curiae, is denied. The Attorney General of
New York is invited to file a brief, as amicus curiae.

MONDAY, MARCH 25, 1957
208
No. 422. Office Employes International Union, Local No. 11, AFL-
CIO, petitioner, v. National Labor Relations Board. The motion of
International Brotherhood of Teamsters, etc., et al. for leave to inter-
vene or in the alternative to present oral argument, as amici curiae,
is denied. The motion for leave to file reply brief of International
Brotherhood of Teamsters, etc., et al., as amici curiae, is granted.
No. 430. Sam Achilli, petitioner, v. United States of America.
The motion of Carl J. Batter to withdraw appearance for petitioner
is granted.
No. 647. The Atchison, Topeka and Santa Fe Railway Company
et al., appellants, v. Dixie Carriers, Inc., Gulf-Canal Lines, Inc., Mis-
sissippi Valley Barge Line Company, et al.;
No. 654. United States of America, appellant, v. Dixie Carriers,
Inc., et al.; and
No. 655. Interstate Commerce Commission, appellant, v. Dixie
Carriers, Inc., et al. Appeals from the United States District Court
for the Southern District of Texas. In these cases probable jurisdic-
tion is noted. The cases are consolidated and a total of two hours
allowed for oral argument.
No. 399. Einar Rasmussen, petitioner, v. Herbert Brownell, Jr.,
Attorney General of the United States. Petition for writ of certio-
rari to the United States Court of Appeals for the District of Colum-
bia Circuit granted and case transferred to the summary calendar.
No. 761. United States of America, petitioner, v. The F. & M.
Schaefer Brewing Co. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United
States Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit granted and case
transferred to the summary calendar.
No. 622. National Labor Relations Board, petitioner, v. Wooster
Division of Borg-Warner Corporation; and
No. 758. Wooster Division of Borg-Warner Corporation, peti-
tioner, v. National Labor Relations Board. Petition for writ of
certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the Sixth Circuit
in No. 622 granted. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United
States Court of Appeals for the Sixth Circuit in No. 758 granted
limited to question 1 presented by the petition for the writ which reads
as follows:
"1. Whether, under circumstances where an employer concededly
is bargaining in good faith, in fact, and in fact fully recognizes the
Union and its representative status, the employer is guilty of a refusal
to bargain as a matter of law, because it sought, over Union objection,
the Union's agreement to identify itself with a name other than that

MONDAY, MARCH 25, 1957
209
prescribed in the Board's certification." The cases are consolidated
and a total of two hours allowed for oral argument.
No. 739. Federal Maritime Board, petitioner, v. Isbrandtsen Com-
pany, Inc., United States of America and Secretary of Agriculture;
and
No. 740. Japan-Atlantic and Gulf Freight Conference, Mitsui
Steamship Co., et al., petitioners, v. United States of America, Federal
Maritime Board, Isbrandtsen Company, Inc., and Ezra Taft Benson,
Secretary of Agriculture. Petitions for writs of certiorari to the
Untied States Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia Circuit
granted. The cases are consolidated and a total of two hours allowed
for oral argument.
No. 750. Moog Industries, Inc., petitioner, v. Federal Trade Com-
mission. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of
Appeals for the Eighth Circuit granted limited to question 4 pre-
sented by the petition for the writ which reads as follows:
"4. Another question presented is that of the denial by the Court
of Appeals of petitioner's Motion to Hold Its Judgment and Order
in Abeyance or to exercise its equitable powers and original jurisdic-
tion, until its various numerous competitors who are using similar
forms of volume discounts, which are standard in the industry, can
be subjected to similar judgments and orders, since only two of its
many competitors have been proceeded against similarly by the Fed-
eral Trade Commission; whether such denial by the Court of Appeals
is inequitable, unjust and unfair when petitioner is subjected to the
judgment and decree of the Court while its numerous competitors may
still continue to offer volume discounts inevitably causing petitioner to
suffer loss of business and consequent financial loss; and whether
under such circumstances the Court should exercise its original equita-
ble jurisdiction to protect the rights of petitioner." The case is trans-
ferred to the summary calendar.
No. 834. Sam Achilli, petitioner, v. United States of America. Pe-
tition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for
the Seventh Circuit granted and case consolidated with No. 430.
No. 720. Charles G. Hulse, petitioner, v. The United States. Peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Claims denied.
No. 721. Eugene S. Conlin, petitioner, v. The United States. Peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Claims denied.
No. 730. Frank V. Dilatush, petitioner, v. Charles E. Wilson, Sec-
retary of Defense, et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United
States Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia Circuit denied.

MONDAY, MARCH 25, 1957
210
No. 732. Burton Edward Graham, petitioner, v. The United States.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Claims
denied.
No. 735. Union Leader Corporation, petitioner, v. Walter D. Mc-
Laughlin. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of
New Hampshire denied.
No. 736. The Continental Bank and Trust Company of Salt Lake
City, Utah, petitioner, v. Emery J. Woodall. Petition for writ of
certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the Tenth Circuit
denied.
No. 737. Harry M. Stevens, Inc., petitioner, v. James W. Johnson,
Former Collector of Internal Revenue for the Third District of New
York. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of
Appeals for the Second Circuit denied.
No. 738. Louis W. Nathan, Gaetano Alviti, Frank C. Tornabene,
et al., petitioners, v. United States of America. Petition for a writ
of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the Seventh
Circuit denied.
No. 745. Frank Jimmy Snider, Jr., petitioner, v. Commonwealth
of Virginia. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court
of Appeals of Virginia denied.
No. 746. Solomon S. Levadi, petitioner, v. The United States.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Claims
denied.
No. 748. Lionel C. Carson, Infant, By His Next Friend, Martin A.
Carson, et al., petitioners, v. Honorable Wilson Warlick, United
States District Judge for the Western District of North Carolina.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the Fourth Circuit denied.
No. 755. Carl Drath, t/a Broadway Gift Company, petitioners, va
Federal Trade Commission. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
United States Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia Circuit
denied.
No. 756. Peter Grauert et al., petitioners, v. John Foster Dulles,
Secretary of State of the United States. Petition for writ of cer-
tiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the District of
Columbia Circuit denied.
No. 760. International Union of Operating Engineers, Local No.
12, AFL, petitioner, v. National Labor Relations Board. Petition
for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the
Ninth Circuit denied.
No. 763. The School Board of the City of Charlottesville, Virginia,
and Fendall R. Ellis, Division Superintendent of the Schools of the

MONDAY, MARCH 25, 1957
211
City of Charlottesville, Virginia, petitioners, v. Doris Marie Allen
et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of
Appeals for the Fourth Circuit denied.
No. 764. County School Board of Arlington County, Virginia, and
T. Edward Rutter, Division Superintendent of the Schools of the
County of Arlington, Virginia, petitioners, v. Clarissa S. Thompson
et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of
Appeals for the Fourth Circuit denied.
No. 765. James Petroleum Corporation, petitioner, v. Commis-
sioner of Internal Revenue. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
United States Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit denied.
No. 768. The Gray Line Company, a Corporation, petitioner, v.
R. C. Grandquist, District Director of Internal Revenue. Petition
for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the
Ninth Circuit denied.
No. 771. The Long Island Rail Road Company, petitioner, v. Cen-
tral Islip Cooperative G. L. F. Service, Inc. Petition for writ of
certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the Second Cir-
cuit denied.
No. 774. Robert Broadwell and E. M. B. Ownen, petitioners, v.
State of Ohio. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court
of Ohio denied.
No. 776. Associated Resources Corporation, John W. Schwartz,
Roger S. Miller, et al., petitioners, v. Halliburton Oil Well Cementing
Company. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court
of Appeals for the Eighth Circuit denied.
No. 788. Paul Ginsburg, petitioner, v. John D. Black, John C.
Slade, Guy Allen Gladson, et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
United States Court of Appeals for the Seventh Circuit denied.
No. 802. E. L. Farmer & Company, a Corporation, petitioner, v.
Marshall W. Hooks and American Motorists Insurance Company, a
Corporation. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Court of Appeals for the Tenth Circuit denied.
No. 805. Jacob Dyner, petitioner, v. Joseph Schwartz and Francis
J. Curtis, Trustees of Marathon Foundry and Machine Company,
and Intelectron, Inc. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United
States Court of Appeals for the Seventh Circuit denied.
No. 810. M. E. Sandsberry, Jr., D. B. Barker, C. D. Pratt, et al.,
petitioners, v. International Association of Machinists et al. Petition
for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Texas denied.
No. 551. Joseph D. Nunan, Jr., petitioner, v. United States of
America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of

MONDAY, MARCH 25, 1957
212
Appeals for the Second Circuit denied. Mr. Justice Clark took no
part in the consideration or decision of this application.
No. 694. Sacramento Telecasters, Inc., petitioner, v. McClatchy
Broadcasting Company et al.; and
No. 733. McClatchy Broadcasting Company, petitioner, v. Fed-
eral Communications Commission et al. Petitions for writs of cer-
tiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the District of
Columbia Circuit denied. The Chief Justice took no part in the
consideration or decision of these applications.
No. 752. Donald H. Jacobs, d/b/a The Jacobs Instrument Com-
pany, petitioner, v. United States of America. Motion to dispense
with printing of the petition granted. Motion to strike respondent's
brief denied. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Court of Appeals for the Fourth Circuit denied.
No. 778. Aircoach Transport Association, Inc., and Quaker City
Airways, Inc., petitioners, v. American Airlines, Inc., and National
Airlines, Inc., et al.; and
No. 779. Independent Military Air Transport Association, peti-
tioner, v. American Airlines, Inc., and National Airlines, Inc., et al.
Motion of petitioners to defer consideration of the petitions for writs
of certiorari denied. Mr. Justice Black would grant the motion.
Petitions for writs of certiorari to the United States Court of
Appeals for the District of Columbia Circuit denied.
No. 648. The Yuchi (Euchee) Tribe of Indians, and S. W. Brown,
Legus Brown, et al., petitioners, v. The United States et al. Petition
for rehearing denied. Mr. Justice Black took no part in the con-
sideration or decision of this application.
No. 390, Misc. Charles Gordon Vick, petitioner, v. The Memphis
and Shelby County Bar Association, Inc. Petition for rehearing
denied.
No. 439. Irene Smith Cliett et vir., petitioners, v. Jeff Scott et al.
Motion for leave to file petition for rehearing granted. Petition for
rehearing denied.
No. 268, Misc. Clarence Beard, petitioner, v. State of Ohio. Peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Ohio denied.
No. 372, Misc. Booker Tecumseh Dockery, petitioner, v. United
States of America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United
States Court of Appeals for the Fourth Circuit denied.

MONDAY, MARCH 25, 1957
213
No. 481, Misc. Gordon Henry Tompkins, petitioner, v. State of
Missouri. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of City
of St. Louis, Missouri, denied.
No. 485, Misc. Hugh Norman Harrison, petitioner, v. Elbert V.
Nash, Warden. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court
of Missouri denied.
No. 494, Misc. Charles Gusick, petitioner, v. Arizona. Petition for
writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Arizona denied.
No. 496, Misc. William Peter Samet, petitioner, v. People of the
State of Oklahoma. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United
States Court of Appeals for the Tenth Circuit denied.
No. 527, Misc. Jerome Alexander Blake, petitioner, v. The People
of the State of New York. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Ap-
pellate Division of the Supreme Court of New York, Second Judicial
Department, denied.
No. 528, Misc. Anthony T. Daniels, petitioner, v. State of New
York. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Appellate Division of the
Supreme Court of New York, Second Judicial Department, denied.
No. 532, Misc. Leroy Miller, petitioner, v. State of Maryland. Pe-
tition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals of Maryland
denied.
No. 533, Misc. James Joseph Canter, petitioner, v. Warden of the
Maryland House of Correction. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
Court of Appeals of Maryland denied.
No. 534, Misc. William Adolph Lempia, petitioner, v. People of
the State of California. Petition for writ of certiorari to the District
Court of Appeal of California, Second Appellate District, denied.
No. 535, Misc. Marion Black, petitioner, v. O. B. Ellis, General
Manager of the Texas Prison System, et al. Petition for writ of
certiorari to the Court of Criminal Appeals of Texas denied.
No. 536, Misc. David Ash, petitioner, v. Elbert V. Nash, Warden.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Missouri
denied.
No. 537, Misc. Wilmer L. Lyle, petitioner, v. Bangor & Aroostook
Railroad Company. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United
States Court of Appeals for the First Circuit denied.
No. 540, Misc. Edgar Franklin Heffner, III, petitioner, v. Warden
of the Maryland House of Correction. Petition for writ of certiorari
to the Court of Appeals of Maryland denied.
No. 541, Misc. Edward Rodriguez, petitioner, v. Robert A. Heinze,
Warden. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of
California denied.

MONDAY, MARCH 25, 1957
214
No. 542, Misc. Albert Puckett, petitioner, v. Ira M. Coiner, Warden.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Appeals of
West Virginia denied.
No. 545, Misc. Maxie Thompson, petitioner, v. Nathan Mayo,
Custodian, Florida State Prison. Petition for writ of certiorari to
the Supreme Court of Florida denied.
No. 547, Misc. Frank A. Herzic, petitioner, v. The People of the
State of Illinois. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme
Court of Illinois denied.
No. 549, Misc. Joseph M. Allison, petitioner, v. Dan Gray, Warden.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals of Kentucky
denied.
No. 551, Misc. Joe Cioni, petitioner, v. Joseph E. Ragen, Warden.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of Bureau County,
Illinois, denied.
No. 553, Misc. Samuel Gobert, petitioner, v. D. N. Myers, Warden.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Superior Court of Pennsylvania
denied.
No. 554, Misc. Edward Colwell, petitioner, v. D. N. Myers, Warden.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Superior Court of Pennsylvania
denied.
No. 556, Misc. George Krull, petitioner, v. United States of Amer-
ica. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of
Appeals for the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 557, Misc. Michael Krull, petitioner, v. United States of Amer-
ica. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of
Appeals for the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 560, Misc. Elyette Cornelious, petitioner, v. State of New
York. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Appellate Division of the
Supreme Court of New York, Fourth Judicial Department, denied.
No. 563, Misc. Jerome Parker Jerome, petitioner, v. The People of
the State of New York. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Appel-
late Division of the Supreme Court of New York, Fourth Judicial
Department, denied.
No. 565, Misc. Robert Miller, petitioner, v. State of Florida and
Nathan Mayo, Custodian, Florida State Prison. Petition for writ
of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Florida, denied.
No. 567, Misc. Alvin Harre, petitioner, v. State of Missouri and
Elbert V. Nash, Warden. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
Supreme Court of Missouri denied.
No. 568, Misc. William D. Jones, petitioner, v. People of the State
of Illinois. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of
Illinois denied.

MONDAY, MARCH 25, 1957
215
No. 570, Misc. Leo Cohen, petitioner, v. The State of New Jersey.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of New Jersey
denied.
No. 572, Misc. Nicholas J. Marinaccio, petitioner, v. The People
of the State of New York. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
Appellate Division of the Supreme Court of New York, First Judicial
Department, denied.
No. 574, Misc. Richard Lewis, petitioner, v. The State of New
York. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Appellate Division of the
Supreme Court of New York, Second Judicial Department, denied.
No. 585, Misc. Edward Morgan, petitioner, v. The State of New
York. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Appellate Division of the
Supreme Court of New York, Third Judicial Department, denied.
No. 609, Misc. William H. Chapman, petitioner, v. Honorable Mell
G. Underwood, Judge, United States District Court for the Southern
District of Ohio. Motion for leave to file petition for writ of man-
damus denied.
No. 475, Misc. Thomas B. Grayson, petitioner, v. United States
Attorney General;
No. 544, Misc. Edward Davis, petitioner, v. Donald Clemmer,
Director of the Department of Corrections, District of Columbia;
No. 573, Misc. Dayl Jean Flournoy, petitioner, v. Owen W. Kil-
day, Sheriff of Bexar County, Texas;
No. 578, Misc. Lee Angus Davis, petitioner, v. United States of
America;
No. 602, Misc. James A. Williams, petitioner, v. David M. Heri-
tage, Warden;
No. 604, Misc. Jack Kenneth Brown, petitioner, v. Herbert Brow-
nell, Jr., Attorney General of the United States, and E. J. Lloyd,
Acting Warden;
No. 607, Misc. Leslie E. Rockwell, petitioner, v. The People of the
State of New York; and
No. 612, Misc. Earl Stanton Carrington, petitioner, v. R. B. Eckle,
Superintendent, London Prison Farm. Motions for leave to file peti-
tions for writs of habeas corpus denied.
No. 569, Misc. Frank Charles Renz, petitioner, v. Lt. Warren
Pinto, Superintendent, New Jersey State Prison Farm. Motion for
leave to file petition for writ of habeas corpus denied. Mr. Justice
Brennan took no part in the consideration or decision of this motion.

MONDAY, MARCH 25, 1957
216
No. 555, Misc. John G. Metcalfe, petitioner, v. John Gutknecht
et al. Motion for leave to file petition for writ of certiorari denied.
ORDER
IT IS ORDERED that the following allotment be made of the Chief
Justice and Associate Justices of this Court among the circuits, pur-
suant to Title 28, United States Code, Section 42, and that such allot-
ment be entered of record, viz:
For the District of Columbia Circuit, Earl Warren, Chief Justice.
For the First Circuit, Felix Frankfurter, Associate Justice.
For the Second Circuit, John M. Harlan, Associate Justice.
For the Third Circuit, William J. Brennan, Jr., Associate Justice.
For the Fourth Circuit, Earl Warren, Chief Justice.
For the Fifth Circuit, Hugo L. Black, Associate Justice.
For the Sixth Circuit, Harold H. Burton, Associate Justice.
For the Seventh Circuit, Tom C. Clark, Associate Justice.
For the Eighth Circuit, Charles E. Whittaker, Associate Justice.
For the Ninth Circuit, William O. Douglas, Associate Justice.
For the Tenth Circuit, Charles E. Whittaker, Associate Justice.
Mr. Justice Whittaker took no part in the consideration or decision
of cases in which action is this day announced.
No. 211. Textile Workers Union of America, petitioner, v. Lincoln
Mills of Alabama. Argued by Mr. Arthur J. Goldberg for the peti-
tioner and by Mr. Frank A. Constangy for the respondent. Memo-
randum to come.
No. 262. Goodall-Sanford, Inc., petitioner, v. United Textile Work-
ers of America, A. F. L., Local 1802, et al. Argument commenced
by Mr. Douglas M. Orr for the petitioner and continued by Mr. David
E. Feller for the respondents.
Adjourned until tomorrow at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Tuesday, March 26, will be as follows: Nos. 262,
276, 72, and 435.
☑

TUESDAY, MARCH 26, 1957
217
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: Mr. Chief Justice Warren, Mr. Justice Black, Mr. Justice
Frankfurter, Mr. Justice Douglas, Mr. Justice Burton, Mr. Justice
Clark, Mr. Justice Harlan, Mr. Justice Brennan, and Mr. Justice
Whittaker.
Isidore Brown, of Chicago, Ill., on motion of Mr. Arthur Laza-
rus, Jr.; Harvey B. Cochran, of Denver, Colo., on motion of Mr. Rob-
ert E. Lee Hall; James E. S. Baker, of Chicago, Ill., and Calvin P.
Sawyier, of Chicago, Ill., on motion of Mr. Marland Gale; James E.
Doyle, of Madison, Wis., on motion of Mr. Benjamin V. Cohen;
Edward Margolin, of New Hyde Park, N. Y., Ralph L. Bernstein, of
New Hyde Park, N. Y., and Herbert M. Balin, of Roslyn Heights,
N. Y., on motion of Mr. Solomon J. Pokrass; George Waller Wise,
of Washington, D. C., on motion of Mr. Kenneth L. Kimble; Henry C.
Lavine, of Cleveland, Ohio, on motion of Mr. David Carliner; Jen-
nings Talbot Smith, of Washington, D. C., and Jay Milton Ball, of
Norfolk, Va., on motion of Mr. Samuel E. Blackham; George E.
Schindler, of Arlington, Va., on motion of Mr. Leonard S. Sattler;
R. Marvin Pierce, of Wichita Falls, Tex., on motion of Mr. William
Wolcott Goodrich; Edwin O. Schiewe, of Chicago, Ill., and James P.
Reedy, of Chicago, Ill., on motion of Mr. Edwin Robert Eckersall;
and Martin M. Nelson, of Chicago, Ill., on motion of Mr. George
Bailey Walsh, were admitted to practice.
No. 262. Goodall-Sanford, Inc., petitioner, v. United Textile
Workers of America, A. F. L. Local 1802, et al. Argument con-
tinued by Mr. David E. Feller for the respondents and concluded by
Mr. Douglas M. Orr for the petitioner.
No. 276. General Electric Company, petitioner, v. Local 205,
United Electrical, Radio and Machine Workers of America (U. E.).
Argued by Mr. Warren F. Farr for the petitioner and by Mr. Allan R.
Rosenberg for the respondent.
No. 72. John M. Lehmann, Officer in Charge, Immigration and
Naturalization Service, petitioner, v. United States of America, ex rel.
400278-57-56

TUESDAY, MARCH 26, 1957
218
Bruno Carson or Bruno Carasaniti. Argument commenced by
Mr. Roger D. Fisher for the petitioner and continued by Mr. David
Carliner for the respondent.
Adjourned until tomorrow at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Wednesday, March 27, will be as follows: Nos. 72,
435, 149, 316, and 422.
☑

WEDNESDAY, MARCH 27, 1957
219
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: Mr. Chief Justice Warren, Mr. Justice Black, Mr. Justice
Frankfurter, Mr. Justice Douglas, Mr. Justice Burton, Mr. Justice
Clark, Mr. Justice Harlan, Mr. Justice Brennan, and Mr. Justice
Whittaker.
Robert Jackson Harlan, of Washington, D. C., on motion of Mr.
James M. Nabrit, Jr.; Marmaduke A. Hobbs, of South Bend, Ind.,
on motion of Mr. F. Jay Nimtz: Robert Bernard Rottman, of Denver,
Colo., on motion of Mr. Donald M. Shere; Morris K. Siegel, of New
York, N. Y., on motion of Mr. Vincent A. Kleinfeld; Benjamin R.
Campbell, of Arlington, Va., on motion of Mr. Claire O. Ducker, Sr.;
William Hunter Bowman, of Milwaukee, Wis., on motion of Mr.
James E. Doyle; and Burch Millsap, of Falls Church, Va., and William
Henry Hansbarger, of Falls Church, Va., on motion of Mr. William
Thompson Finley, were admitted to practice.
No. 72. John M. Lehmann, Officer in Charge, Immigration and
Naturalization Service, petitioner, v. United States of America, ex rel.
Bruno Carson or Bruno Carasaniti. Argument continued by Mr.
David Carliner for the respondent and concluded by Mr. Roger D.
Fisher for the petitioner.
No. 435. John F. Mulcahey, District Director of Immigration and
Naturalization Service, Detroit District, petitioner, v. Guiseppe Cata-
lanotte. Argued by Mr. Roger D. Fisher for the petitioner and by
Mr. Louis M. Hopping for the respondent.
No. 149. Ralph D. Swanson et al., petitioners, v. Glenn W. Traer
et al. Argued by Mr. James E. Doyle for the petitioners and by Mr.
James E. S. Baker and Mr. Marland Gale for the respondents.
No. 316. Charles B. Smith, as Special Administrator of the Estate
of Edward S. Birn, Deceased, petitioner, v. Milton Sperling et al.
Argument commenced by Mr. Herman H. Levy for the petitioner and
continued by Mr. Eugene D. Williams for the respondents.
Adjourned until tomorow at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Thursday, March 28, will be as follows: Nos. 316,
422, 260, and 370.
400278-57-57

THURSDAY, MARCH 28, 1957
220
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: Mr. Chief Justice Warren, Mr. Justice Black, Mr. Justice
Frankfurter, Mr. Justice Douglas, Mr. Justice Burton, Mr. Justice
Clark, Mr. Justice Harlan, Mr. Justice Brennan, and Mr. Justice
Whittaker.
Leland H. Jordan, of San Rafael, Calif., and Irvin B. Charne, of
Milwaukee, Wis., on motion of Mr. Henry S. Reuss; Schuyler Poite-
vent, Jr., of Ocean Springs, Miss., on motion of Mr. Philip Elman;
John W. Condon, Jr., of Buffalo, N. Y., on motion of Mr. James
Joseph Bierbower; William Courtleigh Gardner, of Washington,
D. C., and William Benson Bryant, of Washington, D. C., on motion
of Mr. Joseph C. Waddy; and Robert Wells Tallman, of San Fran-
cisco, Calif., on motion of Mr. Warren Olney III, were admitted to
practice.
No. 316. Charles B. Smith, as Special Administrator of the Estate
of Edward S. Birn, Deceased, petitioner, v. Milton Sperling et al.
Argument continued by Mr. Eugene D. Williams and Mr. Oliver B.
Schwab for the respondents and concluded by Mr. Herman H. Levy
for the petitioner.
No. 422. Office Employes International Union, Local No. 11, AFL-
CIO, petitioner, v. National Labor Relations Board. Argued by Mr.
Joseph E. Finley for the petitioner and by Mr. Dominick L. Manoli
for the respondent.
No. 260. Joseph Curcio, petitioner, v. United States of America.
Argued by Mr. Samuel Mezansky for the petitioner and by Miss
Beatrice Rosenberg for the respondent.
No. 370. The Baltimore and Ohio Railway Company, petitioner, v.
Daniel T. Jackson. Argument commenced by Mr. Stephen Ailes for
the petitioner and continued by Mr. Milford J. Meyer for the
respondent.
Adjourned until Monday, April 1, next, at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Monday, April 1, will be as follows: Nos. 370, 521,
199, and 310.
,
✓
400278-57-58

MONDAY, APRIL 1, 1957
221
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: Mr. Chief Justice Warren, Mr. Justice Black, Mr. Justice
Frankfurter, Mr. Justice Douglas, Mr. Justice Burton, Mr. Justice
Clark, Mr. Justice Harlan, Mr. Justice Brennan, and Mr. Justice
Whittaker.
Francis P. Conroy, II, of Jacksonville, Fla., Nathan Bedell, of
Jacksonville, Fla., William I. Ward, Jr., of Statesville, N. C., Samuel
McMorris, of Los Angeles, Calif., Alvin Edelman, of Chicago, Ill.,
Harold Harris Healy, Jr., of New York, N. Y., and Warren B. King,
of Minneapolis, Minn., on motion of Mr. Solicitor General James Lee
Rankin; Per M. Larson, of Minneapolis, Minn., and George M. Scott,
of Minneapolis, Minn., on motion of Mr. Joseph S. Clark, Jr.; Carl
McGrath Shinn, of Lamar, Colo., on motion of Mr. John A. Carroll;
James C. Britt, of Columbus, Ohio, on motion of Mr. John W. Bricker;
Robert N. Skinner, of Bedford, Ind., on motion of Mr. William E.
Jenner; Charles P. Marchese, of Port Washington, N. Y., John C.
Schettino, of Hewlett, N. Y., John W. Skidmore, of Hewlett, N. Y.,
Donald X. Clavin, of Valley Stream, N. Y., Arthur V. Nixon, of
Franklin Square, N. Y., Henry H. Meyer, of Hempstead, N. Y., Vin-
cent J. Traynor, of Mineola, N. Y., and Eugene G. Lamb, of Massape-
qua Park, N. Y., on motion of Mr. Steven B. Derounian; John R.
Blandford, of Buffalo, N. Y., on motion of Mr. Paul J. Kilday; Oliver
M. Zeiher, of Indianapolis, Ind., John Edward Logue, of Fort Wayne,
Ind., Edward J. Meyers, of Columbia City, Ind., Herman Saltzman,
of Jacksonville, Fla., Chester Earl Bowman, of Fort Wayne, Ind.,
James J. Weldon, of Springfield, Mass., Woods King, Jr., of Mentor,
Ohio, Roger Franklin Gay, of South Bend, Ind., Arthur William
Schumacher, Jr., of Racine, Wis., Chester James Byrns, of Benton
Harbor, Mich., Dalton C. McAlister, of Fort Wayne, Ind., Brooks C.
Pinnick, of Warsaw, Ind., Earl W. Yeagley, Jr., of South Bend, Ind.,
Robert Eugene Hankel, of West Allis, Wis., Paul C. Konnor, of
Milwaukee, Wis., J. Ward Vandegrift, of Wabash, Ind., Edwin R.
Bane, of Washington, D. C., Jack M. Campbell, of Kansas City, Mo.,
Ronald R. McEnulty, of Wichita, Kans., Clifford H. Manwaring, of
Plymouth, Mich., Michael J. Barrett, Jr., of Luray, Va., Quentin
Frederic Teeven, of Arlington, Mass., Conrad Lawler Kellenberg, of
Notre Dame, Ind., Robert William Michels, of Vermillion, S. Dak.,
Roland Obenchain, Jr., of South Bend, Ind., Edward V. Minczeski,
of South Bend, Ind., and D. Burdette Custer, of Decatur, Ind., on
motion of Mr. Reginald Carl Harmon; George W. Carter, of Kansas
400278-57–
-59

MONDAY, APRIL 1, 1957
222
City, Mo., and Walter P. Scoggins, of Mission, Tex., on motion of
Mr. George W. Carter, Jr.; Simon A. Weisman, of Minneapolis, Minn.,
on motion of Mr. Max M. Kampelman; Leonard Stone, of Teaneck,
N. J., on motion of Mr. Joseph L. Rauh, Jr.; Julia Markus, of Miami
Fla., on motion of Mr. James Golden; Beverly Tarpley, of Abilene,
Tex., on motion of Mr. Arthur C. Perry; Joseph R. Megill, of Manas-
quan, N. J., on motion of Mr. John G. Epaminonda; John B. Look,
of Abilene, Tex., on motion of Mr. Alexander Akerman, Jr.; Arthur
J. Sullivan, Jr., of Clifton, N. J., on motion of Mr. G. Duane Vieth;
Thomas Ryan Mulcahy, of Minneapolis, Minn., on motion of Mr.
James Bradshaw Mintener; Forrest E. Macomber, of Stockton, Calif.,
on motion of Mr. Peter Frederick Snyder; William W. Rymer, of
Boston, Mass., on motion of Mr. William R. Hulbert; Robert F. Mc-
Alevy, Jr., of Hoboken, N. J., on motion of Mr. John L. Ingoldsby, Jr.;
Robert Benjamin Hart, of Detroit, Mich., on motion of Mr. Arnold
Morton Gold; David Francis Jordan, Jr., of Great Neck, N. Y., on
motion of Mr. Douglas Broward Craig; and Paul Leonard O'Brien, of
Washington, D. C., on motion of Mr. Elisha Hanson, were admitted to
practice.
No. 103. National Labor Relations Board, petitioner, v. Truck
Drivers Local Union No. 449, International Brotherhood of Team-
sters, Chauffeurs, Warehousemen and Helpers of America, A. F. L.
On writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the
Second Circuit. Judgment reversed and case remanded to the United
States Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit for proceedings in
conformity with the opinion of this Court. Opinion by Mr. Justice
Brennan. Mr. Justice Whittaker took no part in the consideration or
decision of this case.
No. 257. Gordon P. Haynes and Essie M. Haynes, petitioners, v.
United States of America. On writ of certiorari to the United States
Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit. Judgment of the Court of
Appeals for the Fifth Circuit is reversed and the judgment of the
District Court which held that petitioner was entitled to a refund is
affirmed. Cause remanded to the United States District Court for
the Northern District of Georgia for proceedings in conformity with
the opinion of this Court. Opinion by Mr. Justice Black. Mr. Justice
Burton and Mr. Justice Harlan dissent for the reasons stated in the
opinion of the Court of Appeals. Mr. Justice Whittaker took no part
in the consideration or decision of this case.
The Chief Justice said:
"The orders of the Court appear upon the list certified by the Chief
Justice and filed with the Clerk and will not be announced orally."

MONDAY, APRIL 1, 1957
223
No. 312, October Term, 1955. The United States, petitioner, v.
The Ohio Power Company. On writ of certiorari to the United States
Court of Claims. Per Curiam: On June 11, 1956, we unanimously
vacated sua sponte our order of December 5, 1955 (350 U. S. 919),
denying the timely petition for rehearing in this case (351 U. S. 980),
so that this case might be disposed of consistently with the companion
cases of United States v. Allen-Bradley Co., 352 U. S. 306, and Na-
tional Lead Co. v. Commissioner, 352 U. S. 313, in which we had
granted certiorari the same day, viz., June 11, 1956, 351 U. S. 981. If
there is to be uniformity in the application of the principles announced
in those two companion cases, the judgment below in the instant case
cannot stand. Accordingly we now grant the petition for rehearing,
vacate the order denying certiorari, grant the petition for certiorari,
and reverse the judgment of the Court of Claims on the authority of
United States v. Allen-Bradley Co., supra, and National Lead Co. v.
Commissioner, supra.
We have consistently ruled that the interest in finality of litigation
must yield where the interests of justice would make unfair the strict
application of our rules. This policy finds expression in the manner
in which we have exercised our power over our own judgments, both
in civil and criminal cases. Clark v. Manufacturers Trust Co., 337
U. S. 953; Goldbaum v. United States, 347 U. S. 1007; Banks v. United
States, 347 U. S. 1007; McFee v. United States, 347 U. S. 1007; Rem-
mer v. United States, 348 U. S. 904; Florida ex rel. Hawkins v. Board
of Control, 350 U. S. 413; Boudoin v. Lykes Bros. SS. Co., 350 U. S.
811; Cahill v. New York, N. H. & H. R. Co., 351 U. S. 183; Achilli v.
United States, Nos. 430 and 834, October Term, 1956. Reversed.
Mr. Justice Harlan has filed a dissent in which Mr. Justice Frank-
furter and Mr. Justice Burton join.
Mr. Justice Brennan and Mr. Justice Whittaker took no part in
the consideration or decision of this case.
No. 734. Kenneth C. Hitchcock et al., appellants, v. Henry T.
Collenberg et al. Appeal from the United States District Court for
the District of Maryland. Per Curiam: The motion to affirm is
granted and the judgment is affirmed. Taylor v. Oklahoma ex rel.
Rutherford, 352 U. S. 805; Dantzler v. Callison, 352 U. S. 939; Dent
v. West Virginia, 129 U. S. 114.
No. 743. John Robert Shaw, as Executor of the Estate of Anthony
Alma Rahner, Deceased, petitioner, v. Atlantic Coast Line Railroad
Company and Southern Railway Company. On petition for writ of
certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the Fourth Cir-
cuit. Per Curiam: The petition for writ of certiorari is granted lim-
ited to that part of the judgment in favor of Southern Railway Com-
pany and that part of the judgment is reversed and the cause is
remanded for trial. In all other respects, the petition for writ of

MONDAY, APRIL 1, 1957
224
certiorari is denied. Rogers v. Missouri Pacific R. Co., 352 U. S. 500.
Mr. Justice Frankfurter is of the opinion that the writ should not be
granted. See his dissent in Rogers v. Missouri Pacific R. Co., 352
U.S. 500, 524. Mr. Justice Harlan and Mr. Justice Whittaker dissent
for the reasons given in Mr. Justice Harlan's opinion in Rogers v.
Missouri Pacific R. Co., 352 U. S. 500, 599. Mr. Justice Burton
dissents.
No. 782. Pansy G. Futrelle, Administratrix of the Estate of Eg-
bert A. Futrelle, petitioner, v. Atlantic Coast Line Railroad Company.
On petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of North Caro-
lina. Per Curiam: The petition for writ of certiorari is granted and
the judgment is reversed and the cause is remanded for trial. Rogers
v. Missouri Pacific R. Co., 352 U. S. 500. Mr. Justice Frankfurter is
of the opinion that the writ should not be granted. See his dissent in
Rogers v. Missouri Pacific R. Co., 352 U. S. 500, 524. Mr. Justice
Harlan and Mr. Justice Whittaker dissent for the reasons given in Mr.
Justice Harlan's opinion in Rogers v. Missouri Pacific R. Co., 352
U. S. 500, 559.
No. 596. United States of America, petitioner, v. Walter Korpan;
No. 674. United States of America, appellant, v. James B. Hunt
and Gopher Sales Company;
No. 675. United States of America, appellant, v. Harold A. Oll-
hoff and Gopher Sales Company;
No. 723. United States of America, appellant, v. Michael D. Mack;
No. 724. United States of America, appellant, v. Joseph Cali;
No. 725. United States of America, appellant, v. Earl R. Edwards;
No. 726. United States of America, appellant, v. Howard E. Hatch;
and
No. 727. United States of America, appellant, v. Pete Harris and
Elizabeth Harris. The motion to consolidate is denied.
No. 729. Stanislaw Nowak, petitioner, v. United States of America;
and
No. 749. Rebecca Maisenberg, petitioner, v. United States of
America. Petitions for writs of certiorari to the United States Court
of Appeals for the Sixth Circuit granted and cases transferred to the
summary calendar and a total of one hour allowed for oral argument.
No. 785. National Labor Relations Board, petitioner, v. United
Steelworkers of America, CIO, and NuTone, Inc. Petition for writ
of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the District
of Columbia Circuit granted and case transferred to the summary
calendar.

MONDAY, APRIL 1, 1957
225
No. 383, Misc. Tom Eskridge, petitioner, v. Merle E. Schneckloth,
Superintendent of the Washington State Penintentiary. Motion for
leave to proceed in forma pauperis and petition for writ of certiorari
to the Supreme Court of Washington granted. Case transferred to
the appellate docket and placed on the summary calendar.
No. 757. City of St. Petersburg, a Municipal Corporation, etc.,
et al., petitioners, v. Fred Alsup, Willet Williams, Naomi Williams.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 759. Bob Casey, Acting County Judge of Harris County,
Texas; Phillip E. Sayers, et al., petitioners, v. M. W. Plummer, George
Nelson, et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 766. Field Enterprises, Inc., petitioner, v. Auguste Parker and
Checker Taxi Company, Inc. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
United States Court of Appeals for the Seventh Circuit denied.
No. 767. Chicago City Bank & Trust Company, as Trustee Under
Trust No. 2739 and Jules J. Reingold, petitioners, v. The City of High-
land Park. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of
Illinois denied.
No. 770. James M. Alexander, R. C. Allred, Sterling Wilson, et al.,
petitioners, v. Hal S. Bennett, Donald Hacking, et al. Petition for
writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Utah denied.
No. 772. Signal Oil and Gas Company, petitioner, v. Federal Power
Commission et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Court of Appeals for the Third Circuit denied.
No. 780. Leonora Romano, petitioner, v. Louise Maglio et al. Pe‐
tition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of New Jersey
denied.
No. 773. National Hells Canyon Association, Inc., Lewis County
Public Utility District, et al., petitioners, v. Federal Power Commis-
sion and Idaho Power Company. Petition for writ of certiorari to
the United States Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia
Circuit denied. Mr. Justice Douglas is of the opinion the petition
should be granted.
No. 783. Phillip W. Austin, petitioner, v. Municipal Court for
the District of Columbia et al. Motion to dispense with printing of
the petition granted. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United
States Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia Circuit denied.

MONDAY, APRIL 1, 1957
226
No. 412. Louis C. Smith, petitioner, v. United States of America.
Motion for leave to file petition for rehearing granted. Mr. Justice
Whittaker took no part in the consideration or decision of this motion.
No. 614. Leroy Stanley, Charlie Watts Worrell, Jr., and Ben Jack-
son, Jr., petitioners, v. United States of America;
No. 13, Misc. Wayne Patterson, petitioner, v. People of the State
of Illinois;
No. 357, Misc. Morris Thomas, petitioner, v. United States of
America;
No. 452, Misc. Shelby Franklin, petitioner, v. State of Indiana;
and
No. 459, Misc. John G. Oppenheimer, petitioner, v. General Cable
Corporation et al. Petitions for rehearings denied. Mr. Justice
Whittaker took no part in the consideration or decision of these
applications.
No. 326, Misc. Otis Clark, petitioner, v. Commonwealth of Ken-
tucky. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals of
Kentucky denied.
No. 514, Misc. Guy N. Stafford, petitioner, v. The Superior Court
of the State of California, in and for the County of Los Angeles. Pe-
tition for writ of certiorari to the Superior Court of California, in and
for the County of Los Angeles, denied.
No. 525, Misc. Monroe Rex Bell, petitioner, v. United States of
America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court
of Appeals for the District of Columbia Circuit denied.
No. 538, Misc. Leon Hawkins, petitioner, v. United States of
America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court
of Appeals for the District of Columbia Circuit denied.
No. 577, Misc. Chester R. Shook, Administrator of the Estate of
Alfred Russell, petitioner, v. United States of America. Petition
for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the
Sixth Circuit denied.
The Court will take a recess from Monday, April 8, until Monday,
April 22, next.
No. 370. The Baltimore and Ohio Railway Company, petitioner,
v. Daniel T. Jackson. Argument continued by Mr. Milford J. Meyer
for the petitioner and concluded by Mr. Stephen Ailes for the re-
spondent.

MONDAY, APRIL 1, 1957
227
No. 521. Andrew R. Mallory, petitioner, v. United States of Amer-
ica. Argued by Mr. William B. Bryant for the petitioner and by Mr.
Edward L. Barrett, Jr., for the respondent.
No. 199. Earl R. Deen, petitioner, v. Gulf, Colorado and Santa Fe
Railway Company. Argued by Mr. Robert Lee Guthrie for the pe-
titioner and by Mr. Luther Hudson for the respondent.
Adjourned until tomorrow at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Tuesday, April 2, will be as follows: Nos. 310,
321, 385, and 407.
☑

TUESDAY, APRIL 2, 1957
228
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: Mr. Chief Justice Warren, Mr. Justice Black, Mr. Justice
Frankfurter, Mr. Justice Douglas, Mr. Justice Burton, Mr. Justice
Clark, Mr. Justice Harlan, Mr. Justice Brennan, and Mr. Justice
Whittaker.
William F. Woods, of Champaign, Ill., on motion of Mr. William
Lee Springer; Herman L. Aaron, of Chicago, Ill., on motion of Mr.
Charles A. Boyle; Horace B. Clarke, of South Bend, Ind., on motion
of Mr. F. Jay Nimtz; Jerome Berkson, of Chicago, Ill., on motion
of Mr. Seymour S. Guthman; Ralph B. Herzog, of Los Angeles,
Calif., on motion of Mr. Frederick Bernays Wiener; Gladys Ursulla
Varney, of Salem, Mass., and Patrick J. Ogden, Jr., of Chevy Chase,
Md., on motion of Mr. Charles L. Aulette; Clarence E. Fox, of Chi-
cago, Ill., on motion of Mr. David Walker Richmond; and David C.
McCord, Jr., of Dallas, Tex., on motion of Mr. Searcy L. Johnson,
were admitted to practice.
No. 310. Fourco Glass Company, petitioner, v. Transmirra Prod-
ucts Corporation and Robert Aronstein. Argued by Mr. Edward S.
Irons for the petitioner and by Mr. W. R. Hulbert for the respondents.
No. 321. Ruby Nell Thomson, petitioner, v. Texas & Pacific Rail-
way Company. Argued by Mrs. Beverly Tarpley for the petitioner
and by Mr. J. B. Look for the respondent.
No. 385. State of California, petitioner, v. Harry Taylor et al.
Argued by Mr. Herbert E. Wenig for the petitioner and by Mr. Burke
Williamson for the respondents.
No. 407. John S. Service, petitioner, v. John Foster Dulles et al.
Argument commenced by Mr. C. Edward Rhetts for the petitioner.
Adjourned until tomorrow at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Wednesday, April 3, will be as follows: Nos. 407,
590, and 183 (184 and 186).
400278-57-60

WEDNESDAY, APRIL 3, 1957
229
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: Mr. Chief Justice Warren, Mr. Justice Black, Mr. Justice
Frankfurter, Mr. Justice Douglas, Mr. Justice Burton, Mr. Justice
Clark, Mr. Justice Harlan, Mr. Justice Brennan, and Mr. Justice
Whittaker.
Davis E. Wagoner, of Seattle, Wash., on motion of Mr. William
S. Cheatham; William F. Koegel, of New York, N. Y., Richard
Wichgar Barrett, of Cincinnati, Ohio, and H. Allen Lochner, of
New York, N. Y., on motion of Mr. Kenneth C. Royall; Samuel
Nicosia, of Chicago, Ill., on motion of Mr. Ralph H. Lockwood;
Glenn C. Parsons, of North Baltimore, Ohio, on motion of Mr. William
John Risteau; Joseph J. Kelly, Jr., of Kansas City, Mo., on motion
of Mr. John Fletcher Caskey; Roy L. Merrill, of Dallas, Tex., on
motion of Mr. William P. McClure; James D. Hughes. of Boston,
Mass., on motion of Mr. Albert George Fisher; Daniel L. Ginsberg,
of Miami, Fla., on motion of Mr. Arthur B. Cunningham; Edwin
Shaffer Rockefeller III, of Washington, D. C., on motion of Mr.
Earl W. Kintner; Jerome John O'Dowd, of Fort Wayne, Ind., Arnold
I. Feinberg, of Minneapolis, Minn., Harry N. Ray, of Minneapolis,
Minn., Dixie Alan Van Winkle, of Minneapolis, Minn., Irving
Nemerov, of Minneapolis, Minn., Alexander L. Janes, Jr., of St. Paul,
Minn., James A. Frederick, of Champaign, Ill., John J. Bennett, of
Springfield, Ill., Kenneth J. Gill, of Minneapolis, Minn., Kermit A.
Gill, of Minneapolis, Minn., Joseph A. Billings, of Des Moines, Iowa,
and Alfred H. Reichman, of Champaign, Ill., on motion of Mr.
Reginald Carl Harmon, were admitted to practice.
No. 407. John S. Service, petitioner, v. John Foster Dulles et al.
Argument continued by Mr. Donald B. MacGuineas for the respond-
ents and concluded by Mr. C. Edward Rhetts for the petitioner.
No. 590. Virginia Lambert, appellant, v. The People of the State
of California. Argued by Mr. Samuel C. McMorris for the appellant
and by Mr. Philip E. Grey for the appellee.
No. 183. Henry W. Grunewald, petitioner, v. United States of
America;
No. 184. Max Halperin, petitioner, v. United States of America;
and
400278-57--61

WEDNESDAY, APRIL 3, 1957
230
No. 186. Daniel A. Bolich, petitioner, v. United States of America.
Argument commenced by Mr. Edward J. Bennett for the petitioner
in No. 183, continued by Mr. Rudolph Stand for the petitioner in
No. 186, and continued by Mr. Henry G. Singer for the petitioner in
No. 184.
Adjourned until tomorrow at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Thursday, April 4, will be as follows: Nos. 183
(184 and 186), 570, and 571.
☑

THURSDAY, APRIL 4, 1957
231
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: Mr. Chief Justice Warren, Mr. Justice Black, Mr. Justice
Frankfurter, Mr. Justice Douglas, Mr. Justice Burton, Mr. Justice
Clark, Mr. Justice Harlan, Mr. Justice Brennan, and Mr. Justice
Whittaker.
Milton C. Mapes, Jr., of The Dalles, Oreg., on motion of Mr.
Wayne Morse; Charles E. Green, of Chicago, Ill., on motion of Mr.
Charles A. Boyle; Winthrop O. Gordon, of Santa Ana, Calif., on
motion of Mr. James B. Utt; Keith L. Wallace, of Alexandria, Minn.,
on motion of Mr. Will Shafroth; Harry H. Chambers, of New York,
N. Y., on motion of Mr. Ralph D. Pittman; Blair Herbert Dewey, of
Des Moines, Iowa, on motion of Mr. Lee B. Ledford, Jr.; Ernest
John Caldecott, of Pasadena, Calif., on motion of Mr. Henry Schae-
fer, Jr.; James N. Manire, of Memphis, Tenn., on motion of Mr.
Walter C. Chandler; James N. Allan, of New York, N. Y., on motion
of Mr. John D. Conner; Jerome B. Mikesell, of Chicago, Ill., and J. P.
Mikesell, of Detroit, Mich., on motion of Mr. Harold M. Corwin;
Peter G. Kuh, of Chicago, Ill., on motion of Mr. Russell W. Root; and
Wayne Braxton Wright, of St. Louis, Mo., on motion of Mr. Samuel
D. McIlwain, were admitted to practice.
No. 183. Henry W. Grunewald, petitioner, v. United States of
America;
No. 184. Max Halperin, petitioner, v. United States of America;
and
No. 186. Daniel A. Bolich, petitioner, v. United States of America.
Argument continued by Mr. John F. Davis for the respondent, con-
tinued by Mr. Henry G. Singer for the petitioner, Max Halperin, and
concluded by Mr. John F. Davis for the respondent.
No. 570. Stefena Brown, petitioner, v. United States of America.
Argued by Mr. Geo. W. Crockett, Jr., for the petitioner and by Mr.
Ralph S. Spritzer for the respondent.
No. 571. Leon F. Carroll and Daniel J. Stewart, petitioners, v.
United States of America. Argued by Mr. Curtis P. Mitchell for
the petitioners and by Mr. Harold H. Greene for the respondent.
Adjourned until Monday, April 8, next, at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Monday, April 8, will be as follows: No. 11,
Original.
☑
400278-57 62.

MONDAY, APRIL 8, 1957
232
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: Mr. Chief Justice Warren, Mr. Justice Black, Mr. Justice
Frankfurter, Mr. Justice Douglas, Mr. Justice Burton, Mr. Justice
Clark, Mr. Justice Harlan, Mr. Justice Brennan, and Mr. Justice
Whittaker.
Raymund T. Yingling, of Washington, D. C., and Jerome Sirota,
of Chicago, Ill., on motion of Mr. Solicitor General James Lee Rankin;
John Russell Jeffers, of Calumet City, Ill., on motion of Mr. Charles
A. Boyle; James C. Ware, of Covington, Ky., on motion of Mr. Brent
Spence; William C. Vonder Heide, of Chicago, Ill., on motion of Mr.
Emmet F. Byrne; Francis A. Ruf, of Catskill, N. Y., and J. Ernest
Wharton, of Richmondville, N. Y., on motion of Mr. Daniel A. Reed;
Robert H. Finch, of Inglewood, Calif., on motion of Mr. Patrick J.
Hillings; Marc Dupuy, Jr., of Baton Rouge, La., on motion of Mr.
Jack P. F. Gremillion; Robert Morrison, of Phoenix, Ariz., and Lester
Engler, of Phoenix, Ariz., on motion of Mr. Stewart L. Udall; Sam
Houston Jones, of Lake Charles, La., on motion of Mr. William Scott
Wilkinson; Abraham Schwartz, of New York, N. Y., on motion of Mr.
Thomas E. Fisher; Ralph J. Rivers, of Fairbanks, Alaska, on motion
of Miss Charlotte Maskey; Victor A. Montgomery, of Seattle, Wash.,
on motion of Mr. C. Frank Reifsnyder; Leslie Webb, of Tulsa, Okla.,
on motion of Mr. Edmond A. Edmondson, Jr.; Cecil D. Branstetter,
of Nashville, Tenn., on motion of Mr. Louis Sherman; and Francis R.
Paternoster, of Walton, N. Y., on motion of Mr. Nathaniel H. Good-
rich, were admitted to practice.
No. 204. William Benz et al., petitioners, v. Compania Naviera
Hidalgo, S. A., a Corporation. On writ of certiorari to the United
States Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit. Judgment affirmed
and case remanded to the United States District Court. Opinion by
Mr. Justice Clark. Dissenting opinion by Mr. Justice Douglas. Mr.
Justice Whittaker took no part in the consideration or decision of this
case.
No. 97. United States of America, petitioner, v. Union Pacific
Railroad Company. On writ of certiorari to the United States Court
of Appeals for the Tenth Circuit. Judgment reversed and case re-
manded to the United States District Court for proceedings in con-
formity with the opinion of this Court. Opinion by Mr. Justice
400278-57-63

MONDAY, APRIL 8, 1957
233
Douglas. Dissenting opinion by Mr. Justice Frankfurter with whom
Mr. Justice Burton and Mr. Justice Harlan join. Mr. Justice Whit-
taker took no part in the consideration or decision of this case.
The Chief Justice announced the following orders of the Court:
No. 199. Earl R. Deen, petitioner, v. Gulf, Colorado and Santa Fe
Railway Company. On writ of certiorari to the Court of Civil Ap-
peals of Texas, Eleventh Supreme Judicial District. Per Curiam:
We hold that the proofs justified with reason the jury's conclusion
that employer negligence played a part in producing the petitioner's
injury. Rogers v. Missouri Pacific R. Co., 352 U. S. 500; Webb v.
Illinois Central R. Co., 352 U. S. 512; Ferguson v. Moore-McCormack
Lines, 352 U. S. 521. The judgment of the Court of Civil Appeals is
reversed and the case is remanded. Mr. Justice Frankfurter would
dismiss the writ as improvidently granted. See his dissent in Rogers
v. Missouri Pacific R. Co., 352 U. S. 500, 524. Mr. Justice Harlan and
Mr. Justice Whittaker dissent for the reasons given in Mr. Justice
Harlan's opinion in Rogers v. Missouri Pacific R. Co., 352 U. S. 500,
559. Mr. Justice Burton dissents.
No. 321. Ruby Nell Thomson, petitioner, v. Texas & Pacific Rail-
way Company. On writ of certiorari to the United States Court of
Appeals for the Fifth Circuit. Per Curiam: We hold that the proofs
justified with reason the jury's conclusion that employer negligence
played a part in producing the petitioner's injury. Rogers v. Mis-
souri Pacific R. Co., 352 U. S. 500; Webb v. Illinois Central R. Co., 352
U. S. 512; Ferguson v. Moore-McCormack Lines, 352 U. S. 521. The
judgment of the Court of Appeals is reversed and the case is remanded.
Mr. Justice Frankfurter would dismiss the writ as improvidently
granted. See his dissent in Rogers v. Missouri Pacific R. Co., 352
U. S. 500, 524. Mr. Justice Harlan and Mr. Justice Whittaker dissent
for the reasons given in Mr. Justice Harlan's opinion in Rogers v.
Missouri Pacific R. Co., 352 U. S. 500, 559.
The Chief Justice said:
"The other orders of the Court appear upon the list certified by the
Chief Justice and filed with the Clerk and will not be announced
orally."
No. 702. Keith L. Manion et al., petitioners, v. Kansas City Termi-
nal Railway Company, a Corporation. On petition for writ of certi-
orari to the Kansas City Court of Appeals of Missouri. Per Curiam:
The petition for writ of certiorari is granted. The judgment of the
Kansas City Court of Appeals, Missouri, must be vacated in the light
of our decision in Brotherhood of Railroad Trainmen v. Chicago

MONDAY, APRIL 8, 1957
234
River and Indiana R. Co., 353 U. S. 30, because the dispute here is
not pending before the National Railroad Adjustment Board. The
cause is remanded for further proceedings not inconsistent with this
decision and without prejudice to the power of the Court of Appeals
to reinstate its judgment if the dispute is submitted to the Adjustment
Board by either party within a reasonable time.
No. 594, Misc. Henry C. Simpson, petitioner, v. Harley O. Teets,
Warden. On petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court
of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit. Per Curiam: The motion for leave
to proceed in forma pauperis and the petition for writ of certiorari
are granted. The judgment of the Court of Appeals for the Ninth
Circuit is vacated and the cause is remanded to the District Court
with directions to grant a hearing on the allegations of the petition
for writ of habeas corpus unless the court finds that petitioner's state
remedies have not been exhausted.
No. 11, Original. United States of America, plaintiff, v. State of
Louisiana. The motion for reconsideration of the order denying the
Parish of St. Bernard, Louisiana, et al., the right of intervention is
denied. The Chief Justice took no part in the consideration or de-
cision of this motion.
No. 596. United States of America, petitioner, v. Walter Korpan.
The motion for leave to file brief of D. Gottlieb and Co., as amicus
curiae, is denied.
No. 566, Misc. Caryl Chessman, petitioner, v. Harley O. Teets,
Warden. Motion for leave to proceed in forma pauperis and petition
for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the
Ninth Circuit granted. Case transferred to the appellate docket and
set for oral argument on May 13, 1957, upon the following terms:
1. The writ of certiorari is limited to the question whether, in the
circumstances of this case, the state court proceedings to settle the
trial transcript, upon which petitioner's automatic appeal from his
conviction was necessarily heard by the Supreme Court of the State
of California, in which trial court proceedings petitioner allegedly was
not represented in person or by counsel designated by the state court
in his behalf, resulted in denying petitioner due process of law, within
the meaning of the Fourteenth Amendment to the Constitution of the
United States.
2. Appearances upon the writ of certiorari will be confined to coun-
sel for the respective parties, and their argument will be limited to the
single question indicated above.

MONDAY, APRIL 8, 1957
235
3. The brief for the petitioner will be served and filed on or before
April 24, 1957. The brief for the respondent will be served and filed
on or before May 10, 1957. The petitioner may file a reply brief
within one week after the oral argument. The Chief Justice took no
part in the consideration or decision of this application.
No. 610, Misc. Frank Andrew Payne, petitioner, v. State of Ar-
kansas. Motion for leave to proceed in forma pauperis granted. Pe-
tition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Arkansas granted
limited to questions 2 and 3 presented by the petition for the writ
which read as follows:
"2. Whether members of the negro race were systematically ex-
cluded or their number limited in the selection of the jury panel and
of the Jury Commission.
"3. Whether the petitioner's alleged confession was introduced into
evidence after same had been illegally and unlawfully secured from
him." The case is transferred to the appellate docket.
No. 731. Hiram J. Bailey and Reba Bailey, petitioners, v. J. A.
Runyon, Commonwealth's Attorney, 35th Judicial District and W. R.
Walters, Trustee. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of
Appeals of Kentucky denied.
No. 786. Sidney L. Brennan, Eugene J. Williams, Jack J. Jorgen-
sen, and Gerald P. Connelly, petitioners, v. United States of America.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the Eighth Circuit denied.
No. 787. J. R. Holman, Jack M. James, Lavonna James, et al., pe-
titioners, v. Lillie Butler and Ernest W. Butler, Executrix and Execu-
tor, Respectively, of the Last Will and Testament of Aaron Burr
Butler, etc., et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the District Court
of Appeal of California, Fourth Appellate District, denied.
No. 789. Myron T. Shrout, petitioner, v. Jimmy Williams. Peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the St. Louis Court of Appeals, Missouri,
denied.
No. 790. Liberty Baking Corporation, petitioner, v. Securities and
Exchange Commission. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United
States Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit denied.
No. 798. National Wholesalers, a Corporation, M-D Parts Manu-
facturing Company, National Parts Company and Henry Mezori,
petitioners, v. United States of America. Petition for writ of cer-
tiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit
denied.

MONDAY, APRIL 8, 1957
236
No. 804. Joseph Kane, petitioner, v. Commissioner of Internal
Revenue. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of
Appeals for the Second Circuit denied.
No. 824. Stella C. Davis and Betty Horrigan, petitioners, v. Ray
M. Foreman and United States of America. Petition for writ of
certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the Seventh
Circuit denied.
No. 11. United States Gypsum Company, appellant, v. National
Gypsum Company et al. Petitions for rehearing in this case denied.
Mr. Justice Clark and Mr. Justice Whittaker took no part in the con-
sideration or decision of these applications.
No. 37. Allen I. Nilva, petitioner, v. United States of America;
No. 62. Jacob Senko, petitioner, v. LaCrosse Dredging Corpora-
tion;
No. 94. William Radovich, petitioner, v. National Football League,
Bert Bell, J. Rufus Klawans, et al.;
No. 639. Peter B. Schyman, petitioner, v. The Department of
Registration and Education of the State of Illinois, an Administrative
Agency; C. Hobart Engle, et al.;
No. 651. Loran S. Clark, petitioner, v. People of the State of
Illinois;
No. 687. John Federika and Catherine Federika, his wife, et al.,
petitioners, v. Commissioner of Internal Revenue;
No. 698. Wade H. Cooper, petitioner, v. United States of America;
No. 701. Sylvester Poliafico, Salvatore Lazzaro, Nunzio Romano,
et al., petitioners, v. United States of America;
No. 714. A. Philip Woolfson, petitioner, v. Lester T. Doyle, as
Trustee in Reorganization, et al.; and
No. 11, Misc. Edward W. Dopkowski, petitioner, v. Joseph E.
Ragen, Warden of the Illinois Stateville Prison. Petitions for
rehearing denied. Mr. Justice Whittaker took no part in the con-
sideration or decision of these applications.
No. 659, Misc. Richard G. Riser, petitioner, v. People of the State
of California and Harley O. Teets, Warden. Application for stay of
execution denied. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme
Court of California denied.
No. 11, Original. United States of America, plaintiff, v. State of
Louisiana. Argued on the motion by the State of Louisiana to take

MONDAY, APRIL 8, 1957
237
depositions and on the motion of the United States for judgment by
Mr. Solicitor General Rankin for the plaintiff and by Mr. Jack P. F.
Gremillion, Mr. W. Scott Wilkinson, and Mr. Victor A. Sachse for
the defendant.
Adjourned until Monday, April 22, next, at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Monday, April 22, will be as follows: Nos. 61
(107 and 582) and 302.
☑

MONDAY, APRIL 22, 1957
238
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: Mr. Chief Justice Warren, Mr. Justice Black, Mr. Justice
Frankfurter, Mr. Justice Douglas, Mr. Justice Burton, Mr. Justice
Clark, Mr. Justice Harlan, Mr. Justice Brennan, and Mr. Justice
Whittaker.
Egon W. Mueller, of San Diego, Calif., Denslow Brooks Green, of
Madera, Calif., George W. Fisher, of San Diego, Calif., Willis A.
Downs, of Brockton, Mass., Francis J. McGarr, of Chicago, Ill., Julian
G. Hubbard, of Portland, Maine, and John R. Smock, of Lafayette,
Ind., on motion of Mr. Solicitor General James Lee Rankin; William
Thomas McKnight, of Cleveland, Ohio, on motion of Mr. Estes
Kefauver; Edmund J. Johnson, of Washington, D. C., Eleanor Ruth
Borgmeier Johnson, of Washington, D. C., and Thomas M. Morris, of
Chicago, Ill., on motion of Mr. Charles A. Boyle; Robert R. Steward,
of Phoenix, Ariz., and John Alfred Riggins, Jr., of Phoenix, Ariz.,
on motion of Mr. John J. Rhodes; Milton E. Canter, of Washington,
D. C., on motion of Mr. F. Joseph Donohue; John C. Firmin, of
Findlay, Ohio, on motion of Mr. Jackson E. Betts; James C. Hen-
riques, Jr., of New Orleans, La., on motion of Mr. Hale Boggs; Elza
Clifton Bond, Jr., of Monticello, Ark., on motion of Mr. W. F. Norrell;
William DeHaan, of Ann Arbor, Mich., on motion of Mr. Lewis
George Meader; Charles Louis Cobb, of Lubbock, Tex., on motion of
Mr. George H. Mahon; Raymond C. Simpson, of Long Beach, Calif.,
on motion of Mr. Will Shafroth; James Oakley Bean, of Dallas,
Tex., on motion of Mr. H. Fred Martin, Jr.; Freeman D. Mitchell,
of Atlanta, Ga., on motion of Mr. John Wilson Ellis; Richard P.
McMahon, of Pawtucket, R. I., on motion of Mr. Robert T. Murphy;
Irwin Karp, of New York, N. Y., on motion of Mr. Osmond K.
Fraenkel; Charles Roden, of New York, N. Y., on motion of Mr.
Sol A. Rosenblatt; John Francis Noonan, of Rochester, N. Y., on
motion of Mr. John H. Dorsey; Jacob Newman, of New York, N. Y.,
on motion of Mr. Murray A. Gordon; Fred Iscol, of New York, N. Y.,
on motion of Mr. Seymour B. Quel; Robert Arthur Scherr, of
Wauwatosa, Wis., on motion of Mr. Thomas William Collins; Edward
William Schramm, of Santa Barbara, Calif., on motion of Mr. Hugh
T. Fullerton; Thomas Henry Murray, of Pittsburgh, Pa., on motion
of Mr. Gordon S. Parker; John Henry Carter, of Los Angeles, Calif.,
and Jack Surinsky, of Los Angeles, Calif., on motion of Mr. Gillis
W. Long; John B. Shields, of New York, N. Y., on motion of Mr.
Wallace L. Schubert; R. E. L. Cope, Jr., of Union Springs, Ala., on
400278-57-64

MONDAY, APRIL 22, 1957
239
motion of Mr. Beverley Singleton Simms; Thaddeus James Harty,
Jr., of Fairfax, Va., on motion of Mr. Robert W. Ginnane; Edith L.
Fisch, of New York, N. Y., on motion of Mr. Hyman Fisch; L. Aubrey
Goodson, Jr., of Washington, D. C., and John Anthony Finken, of
Washington, D. C., on motion of Mr. William G. Konold; Frank G.
Uriell, of Chicago, Ill., and Roy Sigurd Kullby, of Chicago, Ill., on
motion of Mr. J. Sinclair Armstrong; Lewis Watnick, of Los Angeles,
Calif., and Fred N. Whichello, of Los Angeles, Calif., on motion of
Mr. Stanley Fleishman; David Harold Kubert, of Philadelphia, Pa.,
on motion of Mr. Frederick C. Fiechter, Jr.; Gordon L. Files, of Los
Angeles, Calif., on motion of Mr. Isaiah Guyman Martin; Albert
James Esgain, of Arlinton, Va., on motion of Mr. William Howard
Watts; and Millard M. Bush, Jr., of Hattiesburg, Miss., on motion of
Mr. Robert A. Bridges, were admitted to practice.
No. 89. Automobile Club of Michigan, petitioner, v. Commissioner
of Internal Revenue. On writ of certiorari to the United States
Court of Appeals for the Sixth Circuit. Judgment affirmed. Opin-
ion by Mr. Justice Brennan. Separate opinion by Mr. Justice Burton
with whom Mr. Justice Clark joins, concurring in part and dissenting
in part. Dissenting opinion by Mr. Justice Harlan. Mr. Justice
Whittaker took no part in the consideration or decision of this case.
No. 36. Alleghany Corporation et al., appellants, v. Breswick & Co.,
et al., as Common Stockholders of Alleghany Corporation, etc.;
No. 82. Baker, Weeks & Co., et al., appellants, v. Breswick & Co.,
et al.; and
No. 114. Interstate Commerce Commission, appellant, v. Breswick
& Company et al. Appeals from the United States District Court
for the Southern District of New York. Judgment of the District
Court reversed and case remanded for consideration by the District
Court of appellees' claim, not previously discussed, that the preferred
stock issue as approved by the Commission was in violation of the
Interstate Commerce Act. This disposition renders it needless to pass
on appellees' motion to dismiss in No. 82. Opinion by Mr. Justice
Frankfurter. Dissenting opinion by Mr. Justice Douglas with whom
Mr. Chief Justice Warren and Mr. Justice Black concur. Mr. Justice
Whittaker took no part in the consideration or decision of this case.
The Chief Justice said:
"The orders of the Court appear upon the list certified by the
Chief Justice and filed with the Clerk and will not be announced
orally."
No. 534. Preston Allen, Suing for Himself and Other American
Indians Similarly Situated, petitioner, v. Porter L. Merrell, Individ-

MONDAY, APRIL 22, 1957
240
ually and as County Clerk, Duchesne County, Utah. On writ of
certiorari to the Supreme Court of Utah. Per Curiam: The motion
to vacate judgment is granted and the case is remanded to the Su-
preme Court of Utah for further proceedings in light of the stipu-
lation of counsel that the cause is moot.
No. 775. Schenley Distillers Inc., and Joseph S. Finch and Com-
pany, appellants, v. John H. Bingler, United States District Director
of Internal Revenue for the Pittsburgh Internal Revenue District.
Appeal from the United States District Court for the Western Dis-
trict of Pennsylvania. Per Curiam: The motion to affirm is granted
and the judgment is affirmed. Mr. Justice Harlan took no part in
the consideration or decision of this case.
No. 799. Union Insurance Agency and Allen M. Dorfman, Indi-
vidually and as a Co-Partner of Union Insurance Agency, appellants,
v. Leffert Holz, as Superintendent of Insurance of the State of New
York. Appeal from the Appellate Division of the Supreme Court
of New York, First Judicial Department. Per Curiam: The appeal
is dismissed for want of a substantial federal question.
No. 803. Handy Cafe, Inc., appellant, v. Costello Distributing
Company, Inc. Appeal from the Supreme Judicial Court of Massa-
chusetts. Per Curiam: The appeal is dismissed for want of juris-
diction. Treating the papers whereon the appeal was taken as a
petition for writ of certiorari, certiorari is denied.
No. 806. Amity Estates, Inc., Ralph Spoor, Treasurer of Greene
County, et al., appellants, v. Arthur Werking. Appeal from the
Court of Appeals of New York. Per Curiam: The appeal is dis-
missed for want of a substantial federal question. Treating the
papers whereon the appeal was taken as a petition for writ of certi-
orari, certiorari is denied.
No. 600, Misc. Aurweid George Reickauer, appellant, v. W. Frank
Smyth, Jr., Superintendent Virginia State Penitentiary. Appeal
from the Supreme Court of Appeals of Virginia. Per Curiam: The
appeal is dismised for want of jurisdiction. Treating the papers
whereon the appeal was taken as a petition for writ of certiorari, cer-
tiorari is denied.
No. 346. William H. Black and Ruth F. Black, petitioners, v. A. M.
Amen et al. The motion to substitute Hays Hall as executor of the
will of Edith Hall in the place and stead of Edith Hall is granted.
No. 430. Sam Achilli, petitioner, v. United States of America.
The motion for leave to file brief of Carl J. Batter, as amicus curiae,
is granted. The motion for leave to appear and present oral argu-
ment is denied.

MONDAY, APRIL 22, 1957
241
No. 576. Irving A. Rosenblum, petitioner, v. United States of
America. Leave is granted to withdraw petition for rehearing pur-
suant to stipulation of counsel.
No. 809. Michigan Wisconsin Pipe Line Company, appellant, v.
Corporation Commission of the State of Oklahoma, Certain Mineral
Owners in Texas County, Oklahoma and Phillips Petroleum Co.
The motion of the Corporation Commission of the State of Oklahoma
for leave to file motion to dismiss is granted.
No. 819. Knut Einar Heikkinen, petitioner, v. United States of
America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court
of Appeals for the Seventh Circuit granted.
No. 811. Joseph George Sherman, petitioner, v. United States of
America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court
of Appeals for the Second Circuit granted and case assigned for
argument immediately following No. 796. Oral argument in each
case will be limited to 45 minutes a side.
No. 744. Friendly Society of Engravers and Sketchmakers, peti-
tioner, v. Calico Engraving Company. Petition for writ of certiorari
to the United States Court of Appeals for the Fourth Circuit denied.
No. 751. Mutual Shoe Company, petitioner, v. Commissioner of
Internal Revenue. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Court of Appeals for the First Circuit denied.
No. 754. William G. Lias and Alice B. Lias, petitioners, v. Com-
missioner of Internal Revenue. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
United States Court of Appeals for the Fourth Circuit denied.
No. 793. M. J. Tian, petitioner, v. Josie V. Daniel Broussard.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Texas denied.
No. 807. DeWitt E. Taylor, petitioner, v. John L. Fahs, Indi-
vidually and as United States Collector of Internal Revenue for the
District of Florida. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United
States Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 808. Abraham M. Liebling, petitioner, v. Frederick Levy, Jr.,
et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of
Appeals for the Seventh Circuit denied.
No. 813. Harvey Milner et al., petitioners, v. United States of
America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court.
of Appeals for the Seventh Circuit denied.
No. 815. Harold G. Steiner, petitioner, v. United States of America.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the Seventh Circuit denied.

MONDAY, APRIL 22, 1957
242
No. 821. William L. Clay, William L. Clay, Jr., Angelo R. Santora,
et al., petitioners, v. Dominion of Canada et al. Petition for writ of
certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the Second Cir-
cuit denied.
No. 822. Hazel Anna Wolf, petitioner, v. John P. Boyd, District
Director, Immigration and Naturalization Service. Petition for writ
of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the Ninth
Circuit denied.
No. 826. Local No. 332, International Brotherhood of Teamsters,
Chauffeurs, Warehousemen and Helpers of America, etc., et al., peti-
tioners, v. Grand Trunk Western Railroad Company, a Michigan
Corporation. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Court of Appeals for the Sixth Circuit denied.
No. 827. Oscar M. Cooke, Jr., d/b/a Cobe Oil Company, petitioner,
v. Liberty Mutual Fire Insurance Company. Petition for writ of
certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the Eighth Cir-
cuit denied.
No. 828. Norman Howard, on Behalf of Himself and Other Stock-
holders of Circle Wire & Cable Corporation, petitioner, v. Sol Furst,
Max B. Cohn, Isadore J. Furst, et al. Petition for writ of certiorari
to the United States Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit denied.
No. 829. North American Airlines, Inc., et al., petitioners, v. Civil
Aeronautics Board. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United
States Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia Circuit denied.
No. 830. Jewel C. Woods, Marcellus L. Winston, Barbara L.
Towles, et al., petitioners, v. United States of America. Petition for
writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the Dis-
trict of Columbia Circuit denied.
No. 831. A. Arnold Axilrod, petitioner, v. State of Minnesota.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Minnesota
denied.
No. 832. Mehmet Sabahittin Giz, petitioner, v. Herbert Brownell,
Jr., Attorney General of the United States. Petition for writ of
certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the District of
Columbia Circuit denied.
No. 836. Vergil Heber Sergeant, petitioner, v. W. R. Fudge, Re-
gional Operations Manager, U. S. Post Office Department, First Re-
gional Office, etc., et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United
States Court of Appeals for the Sixth Circuit denied.
No. 840. Jewell W. Vanderveer, petitioner, v. Erie Malleable Iron
Company. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court
of Appeals for the Third Circuit denied.
400278-57-65

MONDAY, APRIL 22, 1957
243
No. 841. Eastern Air Lines, Inc., petitioner, v. Union Trust Com-
pany, et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court
of Appeals for the District of Columbia denied.
No. 850. Samuel E. Steele, petitioner, v. Charlotte D. Sheerin, Ad-
ministratrix of the Estate of William James Sheerin, Deceased. Pe-
tition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the Sixth Circuit denied.
No. 887. Olaf Pedersen's Rederi A/S, as Claimant of the M/V
Sunny Prince, petitioner, v. Motor Distributors, Ltd., et al. Petition
for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the
Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 895. Wichita Falls Independent School District et al., peti-
tioners, v. Alfred Avery, Jr., a Minor, by his Mother and Next Friend,
(Mrs.) Alfred Avery, et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
United States Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 817. Whitaker Cable Corporation, petitioner, v. Federal Trade
Commission. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Court of Appeals for the Seventh Circuit denied. Mr. Justice Whit-
taker took no part in the consideration or decision of this application.
No. 825. Perry J. Fishman, petitioner, v. United States of America.
Motion to dispense with printing of the petition granted. Petition
for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the
Third Circuit denied.
No. 852. Adrian Scott, petitioner, v. RKO Radio Pictures, a Cor-
poration. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court
of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit denied. Mr. Justice Clark took no
part in the consideration or decision of this application.
No. 44. United States of America, appellant, v. International
Union, United Automobile, Aircraft and Agricultural Implement
Workers of America (UAW-CIO);
No. 735. Union Leader Corporation, petitioner, v. Walter D. Mc-
Laughlin ;
No. 488, Misc. Linton Alvin, petitioner, v. The People of the State
of Michigan; and
No. 558, Misc. J. Norman Stone, petitioner, v. The State of Wy-
oming, Upon Relation of the Attorney General, George F. Guy, et al.
Petitions for rehearing denied. Mr. Justice Whittaker took no part
in the consideration or decision of these applications.
No. 28. James C. Rogers, petitioner, v. Missouri Pacific Railroad
Company, a Corporation; and
No. 42. John W. Webb, petitioner, v. Illinois Central Railroad
Company. Motions for leave to file briefs of Association of American

MONDAY, APRIL 22, 1957
244
Railroads, as amicus curiae, granted. Petitions for rehearing denied.
Mr. Justice Whittaker took no part in the consideration or decision
of these motions and applications.
No. 676. Elsie Mumma, petitioner, v. United States of America.
Motion to dispense with printing petition for rehearing granted. Mo-
tion for leave to file petition for rehearing denied. Mr. Justice Whit-
taker took no part in the consideration or decision of these motions.
No. 347, Misc. Arthur Lewis, petitioner, v. H. E. Moore, Warden,
Texas State Penitentiary. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court
of Criminal Appeals of Texas denied.
No. 440, Misc. Joseph Jakalski, petitioner, v. United States of
America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court
of Appeals for the Seventh Circuit denied.
No. 477, Misc. Eugene Marvin Davis, petitioner, v. Merle E.
Schneckloth, Superintendent Washington State Penitentiary. Peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Washington
denied.
No. 478, Misc. Marion L. Taylor, petitioner, v. United States of
America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court
of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit denied.
No. 520, Misc. Warren Alm, petitioner, v. United States of Amer-
ica. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of
Appeals for the Eighth Circuit denied.
No. 522, Misc. John W. McGuinn, petitioner, v. United States of
America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court
of Appeals for the District of Columbia Circuit denied.
No. 523, Misc. Eugene Holloman, petitioner, v. K. L. Jarnagin,
Chairman, Board Veteran's Appeals. Petition for writ of certiorari
to the United States Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit denied.
No. 562, Misc. William Howard Dunn, petitioner, v. United States
of America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Court of Appeals for the Sixth Circuit denied.
No. 571, Misc. James Kendall, petitioner, v. The People of the
State of Illinois. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Criminal
Court of Cook County, Illinois, denied.
No. 589, Misc. William Alfred Davies, petitioner, v. The People of
the State of Illinois. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme
Court of Illinois denied.
No. 590, Misc. Andrew J. DeVoney, petitioner, v. Joseph E. Ragen,
Warden. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Criminal Court of
Cook County, Illinois, denied.

MONDAY, APRIL 22, 1957
245
No. 593, Misc. Leroy Harris, petitioner, v. Joseph E. Ragen,
Warden. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of Will
County, Illinois, denied.
No. 601, Misc. Robert R. Nealy, petitioner, v. Clarence T. Gladden,
Warden. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of
Oregon denied.
No. 603, Misc. Frederick Albert Faas, petitioner, v. The State of
New Jersey. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of
New Jersey denied.
No. 613, Misc. Kenneth Maples, petitioner, v. State of Missouri and
E. V. Nash, Warden. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme
Court of Missouri denied.
No. 615, Misc. James M. Thompson, petitioner, v. Percy A. Lain-
son, Warden. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of
Iowa denied.
No. 631, Misc. Vernon Humphries, petitioner, v. State of Mary-
land. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals of
Maryland denied.
No. 634, Misc. Lester Freeman, petitioner, v. Joseph D. Bibb, Di-
rector of Department of Public Safety, et al. Petition for writ of
certiorari to the Criminal Court of Cook County, Illinois, denied.
No. 645, Misc. Charles J. Luft, petitioner, v. The State of Michi-
gan. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Michigan
denied.
No. 656, Misc. Harold Amos Harris, petitioner, v. State of Mis-
souri and E. V. Nash, Warden. Petition for writ of certiorari to
the Supreme Court of Missouri and Circuit Court of Polk County,
Missouri, denied.
No. 658, Misc. Hugh N. Harrison, petitioner, v. State of Missouri.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Missouri
denied.
No. 592, Misc. Amedio Cianci, petitioner, v. The State of New
Jersey. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of New
Jersey denied. Mr. Justice Brennan took no part in the considera-
tion or decision of this application.
No. 337, Misc. Dixon S. Shamel, petitioner, v. Dr. Louis Belinson,
Supt., Jacksonville State Hospital, Jacksonville, Illinois.
No. 624, Misc. Henderson L. Girvin, petitioner, v. O. B. Ellis, Gen-
eral Manager, Texas Prison System;
No. 625, Misc. Willie L. McClure, petitioner, v. Robert A. Heinze,
Warden;

MONDAY, APRIL 22, 1957
246
No. 626, Misc. William F. Scott, petitioner, v. Elbert V. Nash,
Warden;
No. 629, Misc. John Hux, petitioner, v. Ralph W. Alvis, Warden;
No. 639, Misc. Harold W. Hopwood, petitioner, v. United States
Board of Parole;
No. 648, Misc. Mason McCoy, petitioner, v. Ira M. Coiner, Warden;
and
No. 652, Misc. James I. Caviness, petitioner, v. United States of
America. Motions for leave to file petitions for writs of habeas corpus
denied.
No. 627, Misc. Raymond E. Hall, petitioner, v. O. B. Ellis, General
Manager, Texas Prison System, et al. Motion for leave to file peti-
tion for writ of injunction denied.
No. 647, Misc. Jack Robert Delaney, petitioner, v. United States
District Court for the District of Oregon. Motion for leave to file
petition for writ of prohibition denied.
No. 61. David S. Alberts, appellant, v. State of California;
No. 107. Kingsley Books, Inc., Louis Finkelstein, Doing Business
as Times Book Shop, et al., appellants, v. Peter Campbell Brown,
Corporation Counsel of the City of New York; and
No. 582. Samuel Roth, petitioner, v. United States of America.
Three hours allowed for oral argument. Argued by Mr. Stanley
Fleishman for the appellant and by Mr. Fred N. Whichello and Mr.
Clarence A. Linn for the appellee in No. 61; by Mr. Emanuel Redfield
for the appellants and Mr. Seymour B. Quel for the appellee in No.
107; and by Mr. David von G. Albrecht and Mr. O. John Rogge for
the petitioner and by Mr. Roger D. Fisher for the respondent in No.
582. Reply brief to come.
No. 302. Cornelius Vanderbilt, Jr., petitioner, v. Patricia W. Van-
derbilt and Thomas F. McCoy, Receiver and Sequestrator. Argu-
ment commenced by Mr. Sol A. Rosenblatt for the petitioner.
Adjourned until tomorrow at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Tuesday, April 23, will be as follows: Nos. 302,
408 (and 424), and 475.

TUESDAY, APRIL 23, 1957
247
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: Mr. Chief Justice Warren, Mr. Justice Black, Mr. Justice
Frankfurter, Mr. Justice Douglas, Mr. Justice Burton, Mr. Justice
Clark, Mr. Justice Harlan, Mr. Justice Brennan, and Mr. Justice
Whittaker.
Gordon F. Thrall, of Fort Worth, Tex., on motion of Mr. Daniel
A. Reed; J. Parker Connor, of Washington, D. C., on motion of
Mr. Charles Sylvanus Rhyne; Robert Buckner Claytor, of Roanoke,
Va., on motion of Mr. W. Graham Claytor; Milton Karz, of Rochester,
N. Y., and Melvin Wm. Buetens, of Rochester, N. Y., on motion of
Mr. John Francis Noonan; J. William Freeman, of Akron, Ohio, on
motion of Mr. Conder C. Henry; Johnston Fraser Stewart, of Con-
vent, N. J., on motion of Mr. Roger J. Whiteford; Thomas C. Anger-
stein, of Chicago, Ill., and Sidney Z. Karasik, of Chicago, Ill., on
motion of Mr. Paul R. Connolly; Walter L. Greene, of Cleveland,
Ohio, on motion of Mr. Irwin Greene; Edward Durchalag, of Chicago,
Ill., on motion of Mr. Sheldon Bernstein; Gordon Slatkin, of Denver,
Colo., on motion of Mr. Felthan Watson; Jonathan A. Pace, of Dallas,
Tex., on motion of Mr. Lloyd Symington; Frank W. Slepkow, of
East Providence, R. I., on motion of Mr. Samuel Brian Groner;
Gabriel M. Goldsmith, of Syracuse, N. Y., on motion of Mr. Joseph
Hilton Fisher; and Michael W. Werth, of Washington, D. C., on
motion of Mr. H. Linwood Godfrey, were admitted to practice.
No. 302. Cornelius Vanderbilt, Jr., petitioner, v. Patricia W. Van-
derbilt and Thomas F. McCoy, Receiver and Sequestrator. Argu-
ment continued by Mr. Sol A. Rosenblatt for the petitioner, continued
by Mr. Monroe J. Winsten for the respondents and concluded by
Mr. Sol A. Rosenblatt for the petitioner.
No. 408. Pan-Atlantic Steamship Corporation, appellant, v. At-
lantic Coast Line Railroad Company et al.; and
400278-57-66

+
TUESDAY, APRIL 23, 1957
248
No. 424. Interstate Commerce Commission, appellant, v. Atlantic
Coast Line Railroad Company et al. Argued by Mr. David G. Mac-
donald for the appellant in No. 408, by Mr. James A. Murray for the
appellant in No. 424, by Mr. Charles H. Weston for appellee, the
United States, in both cases, and by Mr. W. O. Keenan for the railroad
appellees in both cases.
Adjourned until tomorrow at 11:30 o'clock.
The day call for Wednesday, April 24, will be as follows: Nos.
475, 478, 240, and 540.
☑

WEDNESDAY, APRIL 24, 1957
249
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: Mr. Chief Justice Warren, Mr. Justice Black, Mr. Justice
Frankfurter, Mr. Justice Douglas, Mr. Justice Burton, Mr. Justice
Clark, Mr. Justice Harlan, Mr. Justice Brennan, and Mr. Justice
Whittaker.
Gayle Malone, of Trenton, Tenn., on motion of Mr. Estes Kefauver;
Darrell J. Skelton, of Denver, Colo., and Roy H. McVicker, Jr., of
Denver, Colo., on motion of Mrs. Reva Beck Bosone; Sigmund Eisen-
stein, of New York, N. Y., and T. Bernard Eisenstein, of New York,
N. Y., on motion of Mr. Vincent A. Kleinfeld; Paul L. Basile, of
Cliffside Park, N. J., William R. Benson, of Wyckoff, N. J., Charles
Becker, of Newark, N. J., Nathan Bernstein, of Pompton Lakes, N. J.,
Maurice Bernstein, of Paterson, N. J., Herman L. Breitkopf, of
New Brunswick, N. J., Louis P. Brenner, of Jersey City, N. J., Eznick
Bogosian, of Cliffside Park, N. J., Thomas Joseph Brett, of Newark,
N. J., Jacob L. Bernstein, of Fair Lawn, N. J., Edward R. Alexander,
of South River, N. J., Julius N. Asch, of Elizabeth, N. J., Julius
Braun, of Lakewood, N. J., David M. Perskie, of Atlantic City, N. J.,
Lawrence M. Perskie, of Atlantic City, N. J., Sidney W. Bookbinder,
of Burlington, N. J., Albert Leo Bohl, of Paterson, N. J., Samuel
Bard, of Hightstown, N. J., Albert H. Bierman, of Summit, N. J.,
Donald I. Bierman, of Berkeley Heights, N. J., Walter F. Bilenski, of
Clifton, N. J., Floyd V. Amoresano, of Paterson, N. J., Robert E.
Beck, of Livingston, N. J., Saul W. Arkus, of Atlantic City, N. J.,
Bayard Allen, of Mt. Holly, N. J., Martin Armstrong, of Maple
Shade, N. J., Paul Bangiola, of Morris Plains, N. J., Anthony Anza-
lone, of Hackensack, N. J., Anthony S. Amoscato, of Nutley, N. J.,
John R. Armstrong, of Atlantic City, N. J., Joseph Adamo, of Vine-
land, N. J., Benjamin D. Braelow, of Newark, N. J., Daniel Bell, Jr.,
of Atlantic City, N. J., Perry E. Belfatto, of Newark, N. J., Louis
Bort, of Livingston, N. J., Matthew Aaron, of Bridgeton, N. J., Ernest
L. Alvino, of Vineland, N. J., Stanley S. Brotman, of Vineland, N. J.,
Purvis Brearley, of Trenton, N. J., Kenneth Y. Atchley, of Trenton,
N. J., Philip Blank, of Newark, N. J., Peter T. Bacsik, of Trenton,
N. J., Edwin W. Bradway, of Wildwood, N. J., Marcus I. Blum, of
Rahway, N. J., Walter P. Back, of Hackensack, N. J., Charles Bres-
low, of Passaic, N. J., Roger W. Breslin, of Hackensack, N. J., Daniel
Amster, of Waldwick, N. J., Thomas N. Bantivoglio, of Camden,
N. J., F. Morse Archer, Jr., of Camden, N. J., James G. Aiken, of
Camden. N. .J., Samuel A. Bloom, of South Orange, N. J., Francis
400278-57-67

WEDNESDAY, APRIL 24, 1957
250
L. Boyle, of Closter, N. J., W. Lewis Bambrick, of Madison, N. J.,
Frederik J. Bakker, of Plainfield, N. J., Abram S. Block, of Maple-
wood, N. J., Melvin P. Antell, of Newark, N. J., Benjamin Asbell, of
Camden, N. J., William F. Bass, of Westfield, N. J., Irvine B. John-
stone, Jr., of Westfield, N. J., Charles W. Hutchinson, of Chatham,
N. J., J. Henry Kruse, Jr., of Chatham, N. J., Jack G. Kolman, of
Bridgeton, N. J., Algernon T. Sweeney, of Newark, N. J., Vincent J.
Joyce, of Bloomfield, N. J., Robert Inlander, of Newark, N. J.,
Gustave G. Kein, Jr., of Union, N. J., LeRoy B. Huckin, of Engle-
wood, N. J., Charles J. Kahwaty, of Fair Lawn, N. J., Franklin A.
King, of Ocean City, N. J., Samuel Kalikman, of Camden, N. J.,
Jerome Krueger, of Linden, N. J., Robert E. Kiernan, of Verona,
N. J., Thomas B. Kaveny, of Montclair, N. J., Thomas J. Kelly, Jr.,
of Phillipsburg, N. J., Clyde C. Jefferson, of Flemington, N. J.,
Crawford Jamieson, of Trenton, N. J., Edward J. Inglesby, of Mer-
chantville, N. J., Irving E. Keith, of Bradley Beach, N. J., Murray E.
Kempler, of Newark, N. J., James F. Kervick, of Cranford, N. J.,
Henry B. Kessler, of Bordentown, N. J., Elwood F. Kirkman, of
Atlantic City, N. J., C. Russell Kramer, of Newark, N. J., Albert J.
Klein, of Camden, N. J., Moe A. Joseph, of Vineland, N. J., Irwin
Kavesh, of Vineland, N. J., Howard G. Kulp, Jr., of Camden, N. J.,
Frederick H. Krech, of Hackensack, N. J., Edward F. Johnson, of
Clifton, N. J., William E. Hughes, of Camden, N. J., William B.
Hutchinson, Jr., of Camden, N. J., William E. James, of Newark,
N. J., Samuel R. Kirschner, of Livingston, N. J., Frederick W. Jung,
Jr., of Newark, N. J., Arnold R. Kent, of Newark, N. J., C. Ray-
mond Kears, of Egg Harbor City, N. J., Samuel M. Kinney, Jr., of
Westfield, N. J., Florence E. Josephson, of Sea Isle City, N. J., Her-
bert Horn, of Atlantic City, N. J., David L. Horuvitz, of Bridgeton,
N. J., Robert T. Hueston, of Elizabeth, N. J., Thomas F. Hueston,
of Elizabeth, N. J., Alfred L. Kettell, of Jersey City, N. J., Arthur
L. Joseph, of Vineland, N. J., Charles A. Jerome, of Mountainside,
N. J., Myron W. Kronisch, of Newark, N. J., Kenneth E. Joel, of
Keyport, N. J., Martin Kesselhaut, of Newark, N. J., Vincent E. Hull,
of Clifton, N. J., Walter G. Hunt, of Newark, N. J., Frederick C.
Kentz, Jr., of Summit, N. J., Alexandria Kozak, of Trenton, N. J.,
Victor R. King, of Plainfield, N. J., Kearney Y. Kuhlthau, of Mill-
town, N. J., Joseph T. Karcher, of Sayreville, N. J., Bernard Horwitz,
of Newark, N. J., Lewis S. Jacobson, of Perth Amboy, N. J., Samuel
D. Joseph, of Passaic, N. J., Michael P. Silverman, of Lakewood,
N. J., Jack F. Sinn, of Point Pleasant Beach, N. J., Richard W. Sim,
of Point Pleasant, N. J., Arthur Searles Smith, of Manasquan, N. J.,
Louis A. Schiffman, of Carlstadt, N. J., Henry Sevrin, of Madison
Township, N. J., Morris N. Scharf, of Ramsey, N. J., George D.
Rothermel, of Camden, N. J., Joseph T. Sherman, of Camden, N. J.,

WEDNESDAY, APRIL 24, 1957
251
Abram Simon, of Paterson, N. J., Alfred W. Seiss, of Phillipsburg,
N. J., Sidney Slauson, of Englewood, N. J., H. Harvey Saaz, of
Trenton, N. J., Ann Schmerling-Salsberg, of Camden, N. J., Jack
Silverstein, of Trenton, N. J., Morris Silver, of West New York,
N. J., Peter S. Rotolo, of Palisades Park, N. J., Milton G. Shoenholz,
of Deal, N. J., Curt C. Silberman, of East Orange, N. J., Norman E.
Schlesinger, of Livingston, N. J., Thomas R. Rumana, of Paterson,
N. J., Robert M. Shavick, of Paterson, N. J., Carlton W. Rowand,
of Camden, N. J., W. Orvyl Schalick, of Salem, N. J., Meyer L. Sakin,
of Camden, N. J., Samuel J. Shmerelson, of Camden, N. J., Seymour
Deber Shepard, of East Orange, N. J., Philip Singer, of Orange,
N. J., Allen Russ, of Newark, N. J., Max N. Schwartz, of Newark,
N. J., William L. Russell, Jr., of Red Bank, N. J., Jacob Schneider,
of Englewood, N. J., Isaac I. Serata, of Bridgeton, N. J., Samuel L.
Shapiro, of Vineland, N. J., Maurice Schapira, of Newark, N. J.,
David Segal, of Newark, N. J., David Schechner, of South Orange,
N. J., Edward J. Santoro, of South Plainfield, N. J., Norman Nathan
Schiff, of Newark, N. J., Joseph J. Seaman, of Perth Amboy, N. J.,
Jacob T. Shoenholz, of Newark, N. J., Nathan Rothenberg, of New-
ark, N. J., Leon Semer, of Metuchen, N. J., Henry C. Ruttiger, of
Metuchen, N. J., Morgan R. Seiffert, of North Brunswick, N. J.,
Harold M. Savage, of Bloomfield, N. J., Hymen Siegendorf, of
Passaic, N. J., Aaron Z. Schomer, of Passaic, N. J., Albert G. Silver-
man, of Newton, N. J., I. Robert Schefrin, of Passaic, N. J., George
S. Sauer, of Cranford, N. J., Lester Sandles, of Maplewood, N. J.,
Edith J. Lansing-Sandles, of Maplewood, N. J., Abraham H. Sles,
of Union, N. J., Maurice A. Scotch, of Union, N. J., Louis J. Dughi,
of Westfield, N. J., H. Warner Doremus, of Madison, N. J., Joseph H.
Edgar, of New Brunswick, N. J., Herman E. Dultz, of Newark, N. J.,
Robert H. Doherty, Jr., of Point Pleasant, N. J., Plume L. Douglass,
of Verona, N. J., Robert Plume Douglass, of Fanwood, N. J., Marshall
Hand Diverty, of Woodbury, N. J., Archie Ezorsky, of Paterson,
N. J., Kenneth L. Estabrook, of Elizabeth, N. J., Joseph M. Feinberg,
of Rahway, N. J., Alvin R. Featherer, of Penns Grove, N. J., Gerard
J. Di Nicola, of Penns Grove, N. J., Louis F. Di Nicola, of Penns
Grove, N. J., William Henry Eichling, of Metuchen, N. J., Forster
W. Freeman, Jr., of Paterson, N. J., Harry N. Fengya, Jr., of Clifton,
N. J., John J. Finnegan, Jr., of Camden, N. J., Herbert G. Draesel,
of Harrington Park, N. J., Sidney Dincin, of Englewood, N. J.,
John H. Gall, of Washington, D. C., Louis M. Drazin, of Red Bank,
N. J., Richard Yale Feder, of Clifton, N. J., Henry Farer, of Eliza-
beth, N. J., Russell A. Farrington, Jr., of Newark, N. J., Vincent C.
Duffy, of Paterson, N. J., Joseph L. Ferraro, of Paterson, N. J.,
Philip F. Fannan, of Newark, N. J., Chas. F. Echentille, of Cliffside
Park, N. J., David B. Follender, of Hackensack, N. J., Bernard Dorf-

WEDNESDAY, APRIL 24, 1957
252
man, of Hackensack, N. J., Albert G. Driver, of Camden, N. J.,
Daniel H. Erickson, of Glen Ridge, N. J., Robert J. Ford, of
Newton, N. J., Joseph V. Fumagalli, of Haledon, N. J., James F.
Dougherty, of Pompton Lakes, N. J., Spencer D. Foss, of Penning-
ton, N. J., Russell Fleming, of New Brunswick, N. J., Harold I.
Fertig, of Newark, N. J., Herbert J. Dwyer, of West Orange, N. J.,
James E. Fagan, of Newark, N. J., Abner W. Feinberg, of Jersey
City, N. J., Melvin N. Fine, of Paterson, N. J., Thomas P. Doremus,
of Red Bank, N. J., Ernest Fasano, of Red Bank, N. J., Edward H.
Flemming, of Erlton, N. J., A. Howard Finkel, of Newark, N. J., Har-
old Farkas, of Newark, N. J., Bruce H. French, of Princeton, N. J.,
William M. Feinberg, of Bayonne, N. J., Harry Dvorken, of Roselle,
N. J., Vincent T. Flanagan, of Hillsdale, N. J., William P. Elliott, of
Plainfield, N. J., Frederick Z. Feldman, of Jersey City, N. J., Israel
Friend, of Clifton, N. J., David W. Dowd, of Livingston, N. J.,
William A. Fasolo, of Tenafly, N. J., John C. Galliard, of Jersey City,
N. J., Henry G. Nulton, of Hillside, N. J., Arthur Ferguson Mead,
of Bloomfield, N. J., Lawrence N. Park, of Glassboro, N. J., Carmine
J. Parisi, of Hackensack, N. J., Gerald J. Paolin, of Pennsauken,
N. J., James N. Pappas, of Newark, N. J., Martin L. Pagliughi, of
Vineland, N. J., William E. Ozzard, of Somerville, N. J., Charles L.
Otto, of Elizabeth, N. J., Charles A. Otto, Jr., of Elizabeth, N. J.,
Percy Osrowitz, of Newark, N. J., Benjamin Osherov, of Passaic,
N. J., William T. Osborne, of Newark, N. J., Frederick A. Onore,
of North Plainfield, N. J., Michael Joseph O'Neil, of Westfield, N. J.,
William N. Ogden, of Somerville, N. J., Logan W. McWilson, of
Montclair, N. J., Arthur D. McTighe, of Trenton, N. J., George K.
Meier, Jr., of North Caldwell, N. J., Joseph V. Melillo, of Newark,
N. J., Malcolm C. Mercer, of Hackensack, N. J., Arthur S. Meredith,
of Somerville, N. J., Edward Brennan Meredith, of Trenton, N. J.,
George E. Meredith, of Trenton, N. J., Regina H. Meredith, of Tren-
ton, N. J., John R. Merrey, of Oakland, N. J., Gerald E. Monaghan,
of Ridgefield Park, N. J., Eugene J. Monaghan, of Englewood, N. J.,
Michael J. Monaghan, Jr., of Englewood, N. J., John H. Mohrfeld
III, of Camden, N. J., John B. Molineux, of New Brunswick, N. J.,
Michael A. Miron, of Newark, N. J., John L. Miller, Jr., of Camden,
N. J., Jerome R. Miller, of Newark, N. J., Paul F. Middleton, of
Moorestown, N. J., August C. Michaelis, of Passaic, N. J., Frank P.
Mulligan, of Atlantic City, N. J., Francis J. Murphy, of Newark,
N. J., Charles J. Myers, of Bloomingdale, N. J., Joseph R. Mrozo-
wicz, of Garfield, N. J., Abraham H. Movshovitz, of Trenton, N. J.,
Joel A. Mott, Jr., of Ocean City, N. J., Thomas L. Morrissey, of
Jersey City, N. J., Joseph S. Montalbano, of Newark, N. J., Carl F.
Nitto, of Passaic, N. J., Sidney E. Noskiewicz, of Nutley, N. J.,
Marshall A. Nelsen, of Brooklyn, N. Y., Benedict R. Nicosia, of Red

WEDNESDAY, APRIL 24, 1957
253
Bank, N. J., Mortimer G. Newman, Jr., of Maplewood, N. J., Augus-
tus Nasmith, of Plainfield, N. J., William S. Myers, of Newark, N. J.,
James J. Myers, of Lakewood, N. J., Joseph J. Mutnick, of Plain-
field, N. J., Joseph G. Ochs, of Bayonne, N. J., Frank J. O'Brien, of
Plainfield, N. J., John W. O'Brien, of Plainfield, N. J., George C.
O'Brien, of Camden, N. J., Milton C. Nurock, of Camden, N. J.,
Dominic J. Novaria, of Vineland, N. J., Aaron W. Nussman, of Hack-
ensack, N. J., George W. Wolin, of Elizabeth, N. J., John Warhold,
Jr., of Mahwah, N. J., Saul A. Wittes, of Elizabeth, N. J., Paul Francis
Vanadia, of Newark, N. J., John Wallisch, of Passaic, N. J., Nathan A.
Whitfield, of Montclair, N. J., Harry Wische, of Union, N. J., John B.
Wick, of Woodbury, N. J., Robert Bruce Veeder, of Toms River,
N. J., Henry C. Wille, of Camden, N. J., Vincent A. Vitiello, of
West Orange, N. J., Jacob Zimmerman, of Newark, N. J., Harry J.
Gardner, of Hackettstown, N. J., Sumner N. Weener, of Jersey City,
N. J., William T. Wachenfeld, of Newark, N. J., Frederic G. Weber,
of Newton, N. J., George A. Wood, of Scotch Plains, N. J., Daniel
S. Weigand, of Red Bank, N. J., Edward W. Wise, Jr., of Red Bank,
N. J., William Robert Warwick, of Long Branch, N. J., Irving B.
Zeichner, of Atlantic Highlands, N. J., Peter J. Van Norde, of Wayne
Township, N. J., Abram Waks, of Paterson, N. J., Herbert W. Weiss-
berger, of Metuchen, N. J., M. F. Van Istendal, Jr., of Camden, N. J.,
Leon A. Wingate, Jr., of Camden, N. J., James S. Turp, of Hights-
town, N. J., Peter P. Walsh, Jr., of Trenton, N. J., Ralph A. Yaca-
vino, of Livingston, N. J., Martin Verp, of Paterson, N. J., Frank
Wagner, of Carlstadt, N. J., John H. Yauch, Jr., of Newark, N. J.,
Edward G. Weiss, of Paterson, N. J., Peter A. Williams, of East
Orange, N. J., J. Gilbert Van Sciver, Jr., of Edgewater Park, N. J.,
G. Norman Widmark, of Newark, N. J., Milton A. Weiss, of Manville,
N. J., Seymour Solomon Weinblatt, of Manville, N. J., Theodore
Krohn, of Newark, N. J., Salvatore J. Ruggiero, of Paterson, N. J.,
Harry L. Schneider, of Paterson, N. J., Ernest Scuorzo, of Newark,
N. J., Marvin Z. Wallen, of Absecon, N. J., Roland A. Winter,
of Perth Amboy, N. J., Joseph C. Zisa, of Hackensack, N. J..
and Scott Scammell II, of Trenton, N. J., on motion of Robert S.
Snevily; Norman J. Currie, of Keyport, N. J., Lloyd E. Newman,
of Manasquan, N. J., Benjamin Madnick, of Asbury Park, N. J.,
George A. Gray, of Red Bank, N. J., Charles L. Morgan, of West
Long Branch, N. J., John M. Pillsbury, of Atlantic Highlands,
N. J., Edward F. Juska, of Long Branch, N. J., Clarkson S. Fisher,
of Long Branch, N. J., William R. Blair, Jr., of Red Bank, N. J.,
Alston Beekman, Jr., of Red Bank, N. J., Frederick E. Lombard, of
Red Bank, N. J., George A. Bariscillo, Jr., of Asbury Park, N. J.,
Thomas F. Shebell, of Asbury Park, N. J., Ezra W. Karkus, of Key-
port, N. J., Bernard H. Weiser, of Freehold, N. J., Max M. Barr, of
400278-57--68
·,

WEDNESDAY, APRIL 24, 1957
254
Asbury Park, N. J., Leon Anschelewitz, of Asbury Park, N. J., Ed-
mund J. Canzona, of Red Bank, N. J., Thomas J. Smith, of Red
Bank, N. J., Joseph P. Hintelmann, of Red Bank, N. J., Anthony
T. Woolley, of Long Branch, N. J., Milton P. Cranmer, of Long
Branch, N. J., W. Lawrence Krusen, of Freehold, N. J., Robert H.
Maida, of Red Bank, N. J., Bertram J. Gaynor, of Bradley Beach,
N. J., Theodore Ciriaco Mirabella, of Long Branch, N. J., Rocco
Ravaschiere, of Red Bank, N. J., John C. Givens, of Red Bank, N. J.,
Alexander Levchuk, of Freehold, N. J., James William Boyl, of
Freehold, N. J., Robert E. La Mura, of Matawan, N. J., Donald J.
Pappa, of Asbury Park, N. J., Kenneth R. Smith, Jr., of Freehold,
N. J., Robert R. Witt, of Asbury Park, N. J., Samuel Carotenuto,
of Red Bank, N. J., Solomon Lautman, of Asbury Park, N. J., Donald
Joseph Cunningham, of Asbury Park, N. J., Richard O. Venino, of
Sea Girt, N. J., William I. Klatsky, of Red Bank, N. J., Abraham J.
Zager, of Red Bank, N. J., Charles F. Dittmar, of Freehold, N. J.,
Thomas J. Baldino, Jr., of Long Branch, N. J., Sidney J. Meistrich,
of Asbury Park, N. J., Felix A. De Sarno, of Asbury Park, N. J.,
Harry Lane, Jr., of Red Bank, N. J., Joseph T. Grause, of Red Bank,
N. J., George E. Ostrov, of Middletown, N. J., Leo R. Weinstein,
of Matawan, N. J., Charles Herbert Walker, of Avon by the Sea, N. J.,
Philip Newman, of Asbury Park, N. J., William S. Throckmorton,
of Long Branch, N. J., Louis A. Zemo, Jr., of Deal, N. J., Ascenzio
R. Albarelli, of Asbury Park, N. J., John W. Applegate, of Mata-
wan, N. J., William H. Burns, Jr., of Sea Girt, N. J., Merrill E.
Richardson, of Red Bank, N. J., Alfred T. Hennessy, Jr., of Union
Beach, N. J., M. Raymond McGowan, of Freehold, N. J., Max Fine-
gold, of Freehold, N. J., Laurence C. Stamelman, of Long Branch,
N. J., Louis Richmond Aikins, of Long Branch, N. J., John R. Ever-
itt, of South Amboy, N. J., Peter J. Edwardsen, of Eatontown, N. J.,
William C. Lloyd, of Keansburg, N. J., Horace G. Brown, of Camden,
N. J., J. Frank Crawford, of Camden, N. J., Daniel G. Covine, of
Union, N. J., Charles J. Clarke, Jr., of Camden, N. J., Samuel M. Cole,
of Jersey City, N. J., Charles M. Deull, of Atlantic City, N. J., A.
Arthur Davis 3d, of Somerville, N. J., Stephen R. Champi, of Somer-
ville, N. J., Arthur De Vincentis, of Orange, N. J., William Bruder,
of Kenilworth, N. J., Colombo Cammarano, of Paterson, N. J., Julius
B. Cohen, of Bound Brook, N. J., Frank J. Brunetto, Jr., of Mont-
clair, N. J., John F. Connolly, of Newark, N. J., David Cohn, of
Paterson, N. J., Joseph J. De Luccia, of Paterson, N. J., Daniel De
Brier, of Atlantic City, N. J., John E. Carberry, of Somerville, N. J.,
Jacob Chantz, of Flemington, N. J., Guy W. Calissi, of Ridgewood,
N. J., Theodore R. Ciesla, of Garfield, N. J., Murray L. Cole, of Pater-
son, N. J., Michael Nelson Chanalis, of Newark, N. J., Horace E.
Bunker, of Plainfield, N. J., Charles B. Clancy, Jr., of Maplewood,

WEDNESDAY, APRIL 24, 1957
255
N. J., Henry G. P. Coates, of Hightstown, N. J., Thomas P. Cook, of
Princeton, N. J., Alan Bruce Conlin, of Westfield, N. J., Jack J.
Camillo, of Westfield, N. J., Edward T. Curry, of Camden, N. J.,
R. Robinson Chance, Jr., of Summit, N. J., John S. Ciechon, of
Mount Ephraim, N. J., Thomas E. Clough, of Wilmington, Del.,
Harold J. Brown, of Bloomfield, N. J.. John E. Dimon, of Mount
Holly, N. J., Henry W. Clement, of Plainfield, N. J., Herman A.
Danetz, of Burlington, N. J., John J. Deeney, of Teaneck, N. J.,
Thomas J. Costa, of Teaneck, N. J., Clyde Christie, of Bergenfield,
N. J., Fred W. Dieffenbach, of Jersey City, N. J., Anthony Delchop,
of Cliffside Park, N. J., Paul R. Cranmer, of Manasquan, N. J.,
John J. Clancy, of Newark, N. J., Edward W. Connolly, of Living-
ston, N. J., Robert D. Corbin, of Rahway, N. J., Joshua V. Davidow,
of Bridgeton, N. J., Prospero DeBona, of Lincroft, N. J., Vincent
J. Cirlin, of Newark, N. J., Vincent J. Cartier, of Jersey City, N. J.,
Peter J. Coruzzi, of Camden, N. J., Charles Casella, of Vineland,
N. J., Thomas F. Connery, Jr., of Camden, N. J., Andrew V. Clark,
of Newark, N. J., John Joseph Budd, of Newark, N. J., Louis Chivian,
of Newark, N. J., H. Dick Cohen, of Passaic, N. J., Nathan Cholo-
denko, of Newark, N. J., Samuel V. Convery, of Perth Amboy, N. J.,
Theodore J. Labrecque, of Red Bank, N. J., Samuel A. Larner, of
Newark, N. J., Julius P. Litwack, of Newark, N. J., Herman B. Licks,
of South Orange, N. J., Morris Masor, of Newark, N. J., S. Arthur
Levy, of Camden, N. J., Martin J. Loftus, of Newark, N. J., Milton
J. Lesnik, of Newark, N. J., Harold Lipsky, of Lakewood, N. J.,
John F. McCarthy, Jr., of Princeton, N. J., Barclay P. Malsbury, of
Allentown, N. J., Edward J. McCardell, Jr., of Trenton, N. .J.,
Edward M. LaMar, of Trenton, N. J., Reginald C. Burroughs, of
Baltimore, Md., Ralph S. Mason, of Princeton, N. J., Fred A. Lorentz,
of Newark, N. J., Bernard L. McDonald, of Butler, N. J., Louis R.
Lombardino, of Morris Township, N. J., Emil E. Mascia, of Verona,
N. J., Myron S. Lehman, of Orange, N. J., Harry A. Margolis, of
Newark, N. J., Frances Sussman Margolis, of Newark, N. J., Stephen
N. Maskaleris, of Newark, N. J., James J. McCarthy, of Newark,
N. J., John F. Leonard, of Newark, N. J., George I. Marcus, of Hack-
ensack, N. J., Louis C. Lehmann, Jr., of Elizabeth, N. J., Joseph M.
Levinsohn, of Englewood, N. J., John Wallace Leyden, Jr., of Hack-
ensack, N. J., Joseph A. Magazzu, of Vineland, N. J., Joseph A.
Maressa, of Camden, N. J., Dominick J. Marchitto, of Jersey City,
N. J., Jordon D. Lippner, of Vineland, N. J., Lloyd Ludwig, of
Ridgewood, N. J., John T. Madden, of Newton, N. J., Julius L.
Malkin, of Hackensack, N. J., LeRoy H. Mattson, of Newark, N. J.,
Joseph A. Lazarow, of Atlantic City, N. J., Francis V. D. Lloyd, of
Hackensack, N. J., Francis X. McCormick, of Elizabeth, N. J., John
J. McCloskey, of Newark, N. J., Charles E. Leonard, of Linden,

",
WEDNESDAY, APRIL 24, 1957
256
N. J., Robert W. MacQuesten, of Ridgewood, N. J., Joseph P. Larkin,
of New Shrewsbury, N. J., Maurice B. McLaughlin, of Jersey City,
N. J., Warren Lloyd Lewis, of Englewood, N. J., Leo I. McGough,
of Union City, N. J., Nicholas J. LaRocca, of Union City, N. J.,
Marcus Mandelbaum, of Paterson, N. J., Oscar Leschinsky, of Passaic,
N. J., A. Donald McKenzie, Jr., of Union, N. J., Vincent M. Mangino,
of West Orange, N. J., Theodore E. Lapres, Jr., of Atlantic City,
N. J., Edward J. McDonough, of Plainfield, N. J., Joseph Pierce
Lodge, of Camden, N. J., Theodore David Rosenberg, of Paterson,
N. J., William E. Peel, of Camden, N. J., Albert K. Plone, of Camden,
N. J., William A. Pascoe, of Camden, N. J., Albert Rathblott, of
Camden, N. J., Leon M. Robinson, of Trenton, N. J., Alfred R.
Pierce, of Camden, N. J., John E. Queenan, Jr., of Burlington, N. J.,
William P. Reiss, of Newark, N. J., Charles E. Rogers, of Point
Pleasant Beach, N. J., S. Paul Ridgway, of Atlantic City, N. J.,
Augustine A. Repetto, of Atlantic City, N. J., William J. Quinn, of
Metuchen, N. J., Harold W. Philhower, of Irvington, N. J., Otto E.
Riemenschneider, of Union City, N. J., Godfrey K. Preiser, Jr., of
Newark, N. J., Arthur G. Pulis, Jr., of Newark, N. J., Milton Prigoff,
of Tenafly, N. J., Jacob Rand, of Long Branch, N. J., Morris Roth, of
New Brunswick, N. J., Nathaniel H. Roth, of Lakewood, N. J., George
Purnell, of Camden, N. J., Walter N. Read, of Camden, N. J., Joseph
A. Rafferty, of Glen Ridge, N. J., J. Bernard Rogovoy, of Salem,
N. J., James F. Patten, of Rahway, N. J., George B. Pollack, of
Metuchen, N. J., Richard D. Porter, of Newark, N. J., David I. Stepa-
coff, of Perth Amboy, N. J., Francis Tanner, of Barnegat, N. J., Sey-
mour A. Smith, of Teaneck, N. J., Joseph Tomaselli, of Camden,
N. J., Maxwell L. Toppe, of Hillside, N. J., Charles A. Sweeney, of
Denville, N. J., M. Leon Sussman, of Camden, N. J., Matthew W.
Parks, of Camden, N. J., H. Frank Pettit, of Westfield, N. J., J. Rob-
ert Peacock, of Atlantic City, N. J., Albert H. Rees, Jr., of Trenton,
N. J., Julius Rosenberg, of Camden, N. J., Charles Alan Phillips,
of Newark, N. J., William Reich, of Trenton, N. J., Joseph C. Paul,
of Newark, N. J., Francis Plumb, of Glen Rock, N. J., Alexander
E. Permison, of Newark, N. J., Francis H. Pykon, of Newark, N. J.,
Frederic C. Ritger, of South Orange, N. J., Frederic C. Ritger, Jr.,
of Newark, N. J., J. Thaddeus Rospond, of Newark, N. J., Julius R.
Pollatschek, of Union, N. J., Murray Reiffin, of Paterson, N. J., Ches-
ter L. Robak, of Irvington, N. J., William D. Peek, of Westfield, N. J.,
Reuben H. Reiffin, of Paterson, N. J., Frank A. Pizzi, of Summit,
N. J., Samuel N. Poritz, of Paterson, N. J., Harry C. Peterson, of
Clifton, N. J., Vincent A. Pernetti, of Paterson, N. J., Gerard B.
Podesta, of Bloomingdale, N. J., Norman N. Popper, of Newark, N. J.,
Thomas L. Parsonnet, of Newark, N. J., Victor J. Parsonnet, of
Newark, N. J., Jack Rosenbaum, of Newark, N. J., William J. Rosen-

WEDNESDAY, APRIL 24, 1957
257
berg, of Paterson, N. J., Albert M. Reilly, of Paterson, N. J., Philip
G. Steel, of Camden, N. J., Albert Spitzer, of Lakewood, N. J.,
William R. Stem, of Frenchtown, N. J., Francis L. Thompson, of
Stewartsville, N. J., Frederic Stoddard, of Irvington, N. J., Charles
Trachtenberg, of Newark, N. J., James I. Toscano, of Hackensack,
N. J., Thomas A. Tinghino, of Bogota, N. J., W. Douglas Smith, of
Princeton, N. J., Morgan E. Thomas, of Atlantic City, N. J., Hugh
C. Spernow, of Little Falls, N. J., Reuben L. Smith, of Paterson,
N. J., Everett I. Smith, of Hackensack, N. J., Donald R. Taggart,
of Camden, N. J., Max Streit, of Passaic, N. J., Peter Winthrop
Oswyn Thomas, of Chatham, N. J., Meredith N. Stiles, Jr., of Sum-
mit, N. J., Frederick Thompson, of Woodbury, N. J., Frank J. Testa,
of Vineland, N. J., Milton H. Stern, of Newark, N. J., William M.
Snyder, of Atlantic City, N. J., George G. Tennont, Jr., of Englewood,
N. J., William T. Stewart, Jr., of Somerville, N. J., Charles C. Tre-
lease, of Newark, N. J., Franklin Swersky, of Newark, N. J., George A.
Streitz, of Clayton, N. J., Charles Crabbe Thomas, of Woodbury,
N. J., Philip C. Steropoli, of Fair Lawn, N. J., Manfred Triebel, of
Clifton, N. J., Joseph Teich, of Passaic, N. J., Harvey G. Stevenson,
of West Orange, N. J., Irving J. Soloway, of West Orange, N. J.,
Harvey R. Sorkow, of Bergenfield, N. J., Irving M. Teicher, of Long
Branch, N. J., George J. Sokalski, of Paterson, N. J., Howard Stern,
of Paterson, N. J., Robert M. Thompson, of Somerville, N. J., Arnold
Tulp, of Red Bank, N. J., Jerry Sokol, of Freehold, N. J., Albert
Spear, of Collingswood, N. J., Ernest Lawton Thurston, Jr., West-
mont, N. J., Thomas L. Smith, of Penns Grove, N. J., Morris
Spritzer, of New Brunswick, N. J., DuBois Smock Thompson, of
New Brunswick, N. J., Donald P. Taylor, of Rahway, N. J., Everett
B. Smith, of Newark, N. J., Wilbur A. Stevens, of Rutherford, N. J.,
A. Robert Swanson, of Oradell, N. J., Peter C. Triolo, of Summit,
N. J., Jacob L. Triarsi, of Elizabeth, N. J., George M. Hillman, of
Moorestown, N. J., Sidney M. Goodelman, of Atlantic City, N. J.,
Douglas M. Hicks, of New Brunswick, N. J., O. Ernest Gatta, of
Allenhurst, N. J., Ernest Gross, of New Brunswick, N. J., Samuel
Gelfand, of Camden, N. J., William J. Geller, of Maple Shade, N. J.,
Robert D. Gruen, of Teaneck, N. J., Frederick P. Greiner, of Cam-
den, N. J., John P. Hauch, Jr., of Camden, N. J., Frank B. Gorski,
of Newark, N. J., W. T. Hilliard 3rd, of Salem, N. J., Seymour
Gelzer, of Hackensack, N. J., William Genser, of Teaneck, N. J.,
Herman Greenstone, of Hackensack, N. J., Robert P. Hanley, of
Morristown, N. J., Richard C. Hetfield, of Plainfield, N. J., Sidney
W. Gindin, of Plainfield, N. J., Gordon D. Griffin, of Princeton, N. J.,
George W. Harrington, of Elizabeth, N. J., Edward M. Hogan, of
Somerville, N. J., Harry Hazelwood, Jr., of Newark, N. J., Francis

WEDNESDAY, APRIL 24, 1957
258
William Hayden, of Newark, N. J., Joseph A. Grzankowski, of Perth
Amboy, N. J., Herman N. Harms, of Phillipsburg, N. J., Frederick
W. Hagemeier, of Union, N. J., George S. Grabow, of Englewood,
N. J., David Harrison, of Paterson, N. J., Benjamin Simon Gold-
stein, of Paterson, N. J., Abraham Greenberg, of Camden, N. J.,
Irving Greenfield, of Irvington, N. J., Newton Greenblatt, of Vine-
land, N. J., M. Joseph Greenblatt, of Vineland, N. J., Walter R.
Hespe, of Ridgefield Park, N. J., David Green, of Newark, N. J.,
Alexander D. Hanko, of Bergenfield, N. J., Philip A. Gruccio, of
Vineland, N. J., Marius Grosso, of Orange, N. J., C. Ryman Herr,
Jr., of Flemington, N. J., John S. Giava, of Elizabeth, N. J., J. Arthur
Goldberg, of Newark, N. J., Herbert M. Gannet, of Newark, N. J.,
George Stuart Hochberg, of West Orange, N. J., Jerome J. Gelman,
of Paterson, N. J., Carl Gelman, of Paterson, N. J., Howard W. Hayes,
of Newark, N. J., Henry M. Grosman, of Newark, N. J., Russell S.
Henderson, of Bridgeton, N. J., Victor C. Hansen, of Newark, N. J.,
Bernard Herman, of Elizabeth, N. J., Dikran Hagopian, of Paterson,
N. J., Arthur Gentilella, of Fairview, N. J., Howard S. Gottlober, of
Clifton, N. J., William Gallner, of Bridgeton, N. J., Morris N. Hart-
man, of Newark, N. J., and Daniel L. Golden, of South River, N. J.,
on motion of Miss Emma Elizabeth Dillon; were admitted to practice.
After the motions for admission and prior to the administration
of the oath, The Chief Justice made the following statement to the
members of the New Jersey Bar:
"This, I am told by our Clerk, is the largest pilgrimage of lawyers
ever made to this Court.
"The fact that all of you come from one State adds to the signif-
icance of the occasion and, while you have not said so, I cannot escape
the thought that your regard for our distinguished brother, so recently
chosen from your ranks, has contributed greatly to the enthusiasm
of the pilgrimage.
"The Bar of New Jersey has contributed greatly to the history of
this Court, and I have no doubt that this generation of New Jersey
lawyers will live and act in that tradition.
"I welcome each and every one of you to the Bar of this Court.
"If you will raise your right hands and face the Clerk, he will
administer the oath to you."
No. 475. Lloyd Morey, Auditor of Public Accounts of the State of
Illinois, et al., appellants, v. George W. Doud et al., Doing Business
as Bondified Systems, et al. Argued by Mr. William C. Wines for
the appellants and by Mr. G. Kent Yowell and Mr. John J. Yowell
for the appellees.

WEDNESDAY, APRIL 24, 1957
259
No. 478. West Point Wholesale Grocery Company, appellant, v.
The City of Opelika, Alabama. Argued by Mr. M. R. Schlesinger
for the appellant and by Mr. R. E. L. Cope for the appellee.
No. 240. H. T. Arnold, petitioner, v. Panhandle and Santa Fe Rail-
way Co. Argument commenced by Mr. James O. Bean for the peti-
tioner and continued by Mr. Charles L. Cobb for the respondent.
Adjourned until tomorrow at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Thursday, April 25, will be as follows: Nos. 240,
540, 596, and 589.
X

THURSDAY, APRIL 25, 1957
260
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: Mr. Chief Justice Warren, Mr. Justice Black, Mr. Justice
Frankfurter, Mr. Justice Douglas, Mr. Justice Burton, Mr. Justice
Clark, Mr. Justice Harlan, Mr. Justice Brennan, and Mr. Justice
Whittaker.
Irving Levine, of New York, N. Y., Fergus Markle, of Detroit,
Mich., Charles W. Frayne, of Springfield, Ohio, Joseph F. Tubridy,
of New York, N. Y., and Grace R. Lewis, of Newark, N. J., on
motion of Mr. Solicitor General James Lee Rankin; Harold A.
Parma, of Santa Barbara, Calif., on motion of Mr. Warren Olney;
Emile H. Dieth, of New Orleans, La., on motion of Mr. Hale Boggs;
William S. Tarver, of Birmingham, Ala., on motion of Mr. John L.
Laskey; Henry Chester Bruton, of Little Rock, Ark., Ward Boston,
Jr., of Alexandria, Va., and Charles Clay Roberts, Jr., of Pawnee,
Okla., on motion of Mr. Chester Ward; Frank A. Karaba, of Chicago,
Ill., on motion of Mr. Robert A. Sprecher; Edward J. Hickey, of
Rochester, N. Y., on motion of Mr. Richard S. T. Marsh; Lewis
Bartlett Kean, Jr., of Los Angeles, Calif., on motion of Mr. Merrill
Armour; Roy Jerome, of Menlo Park, Calif., on motion of Mr. Ed-
ward M. Reidy; Simon Herr, of Chicago, Ill., on motion of Mr.
Martin M. Nelson; Franklin Leon Smith, of Corpus Christi, Tex.,
and William Ellis Woods, of Corpus Christi, Tex., on motion of Mr.
Charles Patrick DeRoche; and Harmon Burns, Jr., of Rockville, Md.,
on motion of Mr. George E. Reed, were admitted to practice.
No. 240. H. T. Arnold, petitioner, v. Panhandle and Santa Fe Rail-
way Co. Argument continued by Mr. Charles L. Cobb for the re-
spondent and concluded by Mr. James O. Bean for the petitioner.
No. 540. Civil Aeronautics Board, petitioner, v. Ida Mae Hermann
et al. Argued by Mr. Solicitor General Rankin for the petitioner
and by Mr. Roland E. Ginsburg for the respondents.
No. 596. United States of America, petitioner, v. Walter Korpan.
Argued by Mr. John F. Davis for the petitioner and by Mr. Robert
A. Sprecher for the respondent.
No. 589. Everett D. Green, petitioner, v. United States of America.
Argued by Mr. George Blow for the petitioner and by Mr. Leonard
B. Sand for the respondent. Memorandum to come.
400278-57-69

THURSDAY, APRIL 25, 1957
Adjourned until Monday, April 29th, next, at 12 o'clock.
261
The day call for Monday, April 29th, will be as follows: Nos. 247,
423, 619, and 620.
✗

MONDAY, APRIL 29, 1957
262
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: Mr. Chief Justice Warren, Mr. Justice Black, Mr. Jus-
tice Frankfurter, Mr. Justice Douglas, Mr. Justice Burton, Mr. Justice
Clark, Mr. Justice Harlan, Mr. Justice Brennan, and Mr. Justice
Whittaker.
John Francis Lally, of Riverdale, Md., Joseph Davenport, Jr., of
Port Gibson, Miss., Victor W. Stein, of Bloomfield, N. J., Alec E.
Weinrob, of Chicago, Ill., Norman Elliott, of Los Angeles, Calif., and
J. Bruce Donaldson, of Detroit, Mich., on motion of Mr. Solicitor
General James Lee Rankin; Harry D. Anderson, of Reno, Nev., and
Robert Emmet Berry, of Virginia City, Nev., on motion of Mr.
Alan Bible; Irwin R. Furlett, of Chicago, Ill., on motion of Mr.
Charles A. Boyle; Philip W. Croen, of Milwaukee, Wis., and John
H. Wessel, of Milwaukee, Wis., on motion of Mr. Henry S. Reuss;
J. Reese Johnston, Jr., of Birmingham, Ala., on motion of Mr. George
Huddleston, Jr.; Paul T. Gish, Jr., of Montgomery, Ala., on motion
of Mr. John Sparkman; Jesse Norwood Jones, Jr., of Atlanta, Ga.,
and Maymie Norwood Jones, of Atlanta, Ga., on motion of Mr.
James C. Davis; David G. FitzMaurice, of Scarsdale, N. Y., Francis
J. Hughes, of Neponsit, N. Y., Gerald T. Kelly, of Forest Hills,
N. Y., Sydney J. Crowley, of New York, N. Y., Philip Elterman, of
New York, N. Y., Nathaniel Coller, of New York, N. Y., Charles
Belous, of New York, N. Y., George J. Gross, of New York, N. Y.,
Herbert Rubin, of New York, N. Y., Harold J. Kaufmann, of New
York, N. Y., Arthur I. Goldstein, of New York, N. Y., Edward
Devlin, of New York, N. Y., Stanley F. Gordon, of Huntington,
N. Y., Irwin Durben, of New York, N. Y., Joseph Guttman, of New
York, N. Y., Abraham L. Singer, of New York, N. Y., Fred Rosen-
berg, of New York, N. Y., Edward G. Wolff, of New York, N. Y.,
Emil Levin, of New York, N. Y., Morton W. Hartmann, of New
York, N. Y., Irving C. Rosenkrantz, of New York, N. Y., Joseph Con-
tiguglia, of New York, N. Y., Victor John Yannacone, of Patchogue,
N. Y., Nathan Heller, of New York, N. Y., Joseph H. Gellman,
of Corona, N. Y., Samuel G. Rabinor, of Jamaica, N. Y., Abraham
Apat, of Jamaica, N. Y., Joseph C. Edwards, of New York, N. Y.,
Joseph F. Onorato, of Flushing, N. Y., Hyman Frankel, of Jamaica,
N. Y., Paul P. Meltzer, of Miami, Fla., Martin M. Kolbrener, of New
York, N. Y., Myron T. Sachs, of New York, N. Y., Morton Greenspan,
of New York, N. Y., Emanuel H. Gottesman, of Jericho, N. Y., Harry
Green, of Jamaica, N. Y., Isidore S. Kerstein, of Jamaica, N. Y., Ed-
400278-57-70

MONDAY, APRIL 29, 1957
263
ward Kurland, of New York, N. Y., Seymour Pearlman, of New
York, N. Y., Simon M. Koenig, of New York, N. Y., Morris Fierson,
of New York, N. Y., Herbert H. Esrick, of New York, N. Y., Sidney
J. Sherman, of New York, N. Y., Milton Koerner, of New York,
N. Y., I. Maxwell Stern, of New York, N. Y., Robert P. Whelan, of
Brooklyn, N. Y., John Francis Ryan, of Brooklyn, N. Y., Edward F.
Cummerford, of New York, N. Y., and Alfred Sawan, of Brooklyn,
N. Y., on motion of Mr. William B. Groat, Jr.; Milton I. Shadur, of
Chicago, Ill., on motion of Mr. David E. Feller; Helen Knorr John-
son, of New York, N. Y., and Clarence Edward Johnson, on motion
of Mr. Charles Orlando Pratt; Richard P. Brown, Jr., of Philadel-
phia, Pa., on motion of Mr. J. Louis Monarch; Philip E. Rowston, of
Pontiac, Mich., on motion of Mr. Harold D. Beaton; Urban P. Van
Susteren, of Appleton, Wis., on motion of Mr. Thomas H. Carolan;
Julian P. Freret, of New Orleans, La., on motion of Mr. William A.
Roberts; Francis V. Reynolds, of Coventry, R. I., and John Palmer
Witsil, of Washington, D. C., on motion of Mr. Joseph A. Roney;
Berrien H. Becks, of Daytona Beach, Fla., on motion of Mr. James R.
Golden; John Roszell Jacobs, Jr., of Hollywood, Calif., on motion of
Mr. Charles Sylvanus Rhyne; John Spencer Folawn, of Boulder,
Colo., on motion of Mr. James W. Booth; J. Raburn Monroe, of New
Orleans, La., on motion of Mr. Robert Andrew Ainsworth, Jr.; Sol
Bernard Weinstein, of Greensboro, N. C., on motion of Mr. Leon
Morris Shinberg; P. Eugene Smith, of Dayton, Ohio, on motion of
Mr. Frederick S. Hill; George F. Higgins, of Missoula, Mont., on
motion of Mr. James A. Murray; James T. Smith, of Atlanta, Ga.,
on motion of Mr. John Wilson Ellis; Nathan L. Wolfson, of New
York, N. Y., on motion of Mr. Sol M. Alpher; Robert P. O'Brien, of
New York, N. Y., on motion of Mr. Alfred D. Lerner; Richard de Y.
Manning, of New York, N. Y., on motion of Mr. John H. Pickering;
George J. Viertel, of Hampton, Va., on motion of Mr. Preston C.
King, Jr.; Stanley P. Makay, of San Francisco, Calif., on motion
of Mr. William S. Tyson; Albert Rosen, of Plainsboro, N. J., on
motion of Mr. Roland A. Linger; William Joseph O'Keefe, of Wel-
lesley, Mass., on motion of Mr. Joseph Francis Rogers; Frank C.
Decker, of Jacksonville, Fla., on motion of Mr. Thomas M. Raysor;
Neil Francis Stull, Sr., of Arlington, Va., on motion of Mr. Noble J.
Allen, Jr.; John B. Jones, Jr., of Washington, D. C., on motion of
Mr. Charles A. Horsky; Seymour Glanzer, of New York, N. Y.,
Thomas Brendon Whelan, of New York, N. Y., Harold A. Diamond,
of New York, N. Y., Charles M. Carroll, of Rochester, N. Y., Arne
Olsen, of New York, N. Y., Andrew Paul Slivka, of Cleveland, Ohio,
Frank W. Vargo, of Lakewood, Ohio, Harold F. Curtis, of Rochester,
N. Y., Robert G. Melenbacker, of Rochester, N. Y., Irvin S. Meyers, of
Boston, Mass., Borris C. Kleiner, of Boston, Mass., Alonzo L. Glenn,

MONDAY, APRIL 29, 1957
264
Jr., of Avon Lake, Ohio, Robert L. Halfyard, of Boston, Mass., Robert
C. Boesch, of Dayton, Ohio, John T. Shanks, of Dayton, Ohio, Sher-
wood M. Snyder, of Rochester, N. Y., Daniel F. Derrick, of San An-
tonio, Tex., Irving S. Reamer, of Baltimore, Mr., Bernard C. O'Sulli-
van, of Baltimore, Md., Nathan Howard Beavers, Jr., of Springfield,
Ohio, Stanley Tessel, of New York, N. Y., Frank E. Bazler, of Troy,
Ohio, William Alfred Clark, of Dayton, Ohio, Arthur Pratt Gott-
wald, of Alexandria, Va., Norman K. Hogue, of Corpus Christi, Tex.,
James M. Weaver, of Clinton, Tenn., Maxel Burton Silverberg, of
Corsicana, Tex., James Frederick Ryan, of Boston, Mass., John J.
Carroll, of Lynn, Mass., Thomas Hearn Verdel, of Augusta, Ga., Wil-
liam C. Richardson, of New York, N. Y., Niall O. Meagher, of New
York, N. Y., James T. Cline, of Dayton, Ohio, Charles H. Boesch, of
Dayton, Ohio, Wendell D. Sellers, of Dayton, Ohio, Robert J. Cox, of
Arcanum, Ohio, Robert N. Caine, of New York, N. Y., Frederick A.
Ryker, of Indianapolis, Ind., Alexander N. Apostolou, of Roanoke,
Va., Benton O. Dillard, of Roanoke, Va., William F. Miller, of Roa-
noke, Va., Edward J. Poulos, of Hicksville, N. Y., James M. Stout, of
Waco, Tex., James B. Mullin, of Boston, Mass., and John J. Bohan,
of Boston, Mass., on motion of Mr. Reginald Carl Harmon, were
admitted to practice.
No. 310. Fourco Glass Company, petitioner, v. Transmirra Prod-
ucts Corporation and Robert Aronstein. On writ of certiorari to the
United States Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit. Judgment
of the United States Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit is
reversed and the cause is remanded to the Court of Appeals for the
Second Circuit to pass upon the District Court's ruling that there
had been no showing of acts of infringement in the district of suit,
Opinion by Mr. Justice Whittaker. Mr. Justice Harlan, believing
that the Revisers' Notes have been given undue weight, Ex parte
Collett, 337 U. S. 55, 61-71, and that they are in any event unclear,
dissents for the reasons given by the Court of Appeals, 233 F. 2d 885.
No. 48. United States of America for the Benefit and on Behalf of
Harry Sherman, et al., petitioners, v. Donald G. Carter, Individually,
etc., et al. On writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Ap-
peals for the Ninth Circuit. Judgment of the United States Court
of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit is reversed and the cause is re-
manded to the United States District Court for the Northern District
of California for further action consistent with this opinion. Opin-
ion by Mr. Justice Burton. Mr. Justice Whittaker took no part in
the consideration or decision of this case.
No. 295. United States of America, appellant, v. George I. Wit-
kovich, also known as Juri Isador Witkovich. Appeal from the
United States District Court for the Northern District of Illinois.

MONDAY, APRIL 29, 1957
265
Judgment of the United States District Court for the Northern Dis-
trict of Illinois affirmed and the case is remanded to the District
Court. Opinion by Mr. Justice Frankfurter. Dissenting opinion by
Mr. Justice Clark with whom Mr. Justice Burton joins. Mr. Justice
Whittaker took no part in the consideration or decision of this case.
The Chief Justice announced the following order of the Court:
No. 769. Commonwealth of Pennsylvania, City of Philadelphia,
et al., appellants, v. The Board of Directors of City Trusts of the
City of Philadelphia. Appeal from the Supreme Court of Pennsyl-
vania, Eastern District. Per Curiam: The motion to dismiss the ap-
peal for want of jurisdiction is granted. 28 U. S. C. § 1257 (2).
Treating the papers whereon the appeal was taken as a petition for
writ of certiorari, 28 U. S. C. § 2103, the petition is granted. 28
U. S. C. § 1257 (3). Stephen Girard, by a will probated in 1831, left
a fund in trust for the erection, maintenance, and operation of a
"college." The will provided that the college was to admit “as many
poor white male orphans, between the ages of six and ten years, as
the said income shall be adequate to maintain." The will named as
trustee the City of Philadelphia. The provisions of the will were
carried out by the State and city and the college was opened in
1848. Since 1869, by virtue of an act of the Pennsylvania Legis-
lature, the trust has been administered and the college operated by
the "Board of Directors of City Trusts of the City of Philadelphia."
Pa. Laws 1869, No. 1276; Purdon's Pa. Stat. Ann., 1957, Tit. 53,
§ 1365.
In February 1954, the petitioners Foust and Felder applied for
admission to the college. They met all qualifications except that they
were Negroes. For this reason the Board refused to admit them.
They petitioned the Orphan's Court of Philadelphia County for an
order directing the Board to admit them, alleging that their exclusion
because of race violated the Fourteenth Amendment to the Constitu-
tion. The State of Pennsylvania and the City of Philadelphia joined
in the suit also contending the Board's action violated the Fourteenth
Amendment. The Orphan's Court rejected the constitutional con-
tention and refused to order the applicant's admission. 4 D. & C. 2d
671 (Orph. Ct. Philadelphia). This was affirmed by the Pennsyl-
vania Supreme Court. 386 Pa. 548.
The Board which operates Girard College is an agency of the State
of Pennsylvania. Therefore, even though the Board was acting as
a trustee, its refusal to admit Foust and Felder to the college because
they were Negroes was discrimination by the State. Such discrimi-
nation is forbidden by the Fourteenth Amendment. Brown v. Board

MONDAY, APRIL 29, 1957
266
of Education, 347 U. S. 483. Accordingly, the judgment of the
Supreme Court of Pennsylvania is reversed and the cause is remanded
for further proceedings not inconsistent with this opinion.
The Chief Justice said:
"The other orders of the Court appear upon the list certified by the
Chief Justice and filed with the Clerk and will not be announced
orally."
No. 719. Henry Hinton Favors, petitioner, v. Ira M. Coiner, Act-
ing Warden, West Virginia State Penitentiary. On writ of certiorari
to the Supreme Court of Appeals of West Virginia. Per Curiam:
The Attorney General of West Virginia has agreed that this case
should be remanded to the Supreme Court of Appeals of West Vir-
ginia for a hearing to determine the truth of the allegations made in
the petition for writ of habeas corpus. If true, the allegations of that
petition and the attached affidavit state a deprivation of constitu-
tional rights under Mooney v. Holohan, 294 U. S. 103. Other con-
tentions of deprivation of constitutional rights are pressed in the
brief submitted to this Court on behalf of the petitioner. We express
no opinion as to the validity of these contentions, but assume that
they will be open to the petitioner on the hearing in the court below.
The judgment of the Supreme Court of Appeals of West Virginia
is vacated, and the cause is remanded for further proceedings not
inconsistent with this opinion.
No. 800. A. P. Van Meter, Robberson Steel Company, Capitol Steel
& Iron Company, et al., appellants, v. Jack D. Abraham et al. Appeal
from the Supreme Court of Oklahoma. Per Curiam: The motion to
dismiss is granted and the appeal is dismissed.
No. 801. Aero Design & Engineering Co. et al., appellants, v. Okla-
homa Employment Security Commission et al. Appeal from the
United States District Court for the Western District of Oklahoma.
Per Curiam: The judgment is affirmed.
No. 814. Sunray Mid-Continent Oil Company, petitioner, v. Fed-
eral Power Commission. On petition for writ of certiorari to the
United States Court of Appeals for the Tenth Circuit. Per Curiam:
The petition for writ of certiorari is granted. The power of the Court
of Appeals in reviewing the order of the Federal Power Commission
was exhausted when it held that the Commission had authority under
§ 7 (c) and (e) of the Natural Gas Act to issue certificates of public
convenience and necessity of limited duration. Securities and Ex-
change Commission v. Chenery Corp., 318 U. S. 80. The judgment is
therefore reversed and the case is remanded to the United States
Court of Appeals for the Tenth Circuit for remand to the Commission
with directions to consider the applications on their merits. The

MONDAY, APRIL 29, 1957
267
Commission, now agreeing with the Court of Appeals as to its author-
ity, agrees to this disposition of the case. Mr. Justice Clark took no
part in the consideration or decision of this case.
No. 430. Sam Achilli, petitioner, v. United States of America; and
No. 834. Sam Achilli, petitioner, v. United States of America.
The motion for leave to file brief of L. B. Binion, as amicus curiae, is
granted.
No. 833. Columbia Broadcasting System, Inc., The American
Tobacco Company and Jack Benny, petitioners, v. Loew's, Inc., and
Patrick Hamilton. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit granted.
No. 838. The Gregg Company of Delaware, petitioner, v. Commis-
sioner of Internal Revenue. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
United States Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit denied.
No. 839. Daniel Dugan, a Minor, by his Parents and Natural
Guardians, Daniel Dugan and Helen Dugan, his wife, et al., peti-
tioners, v. The Pennsylvania Railroad Company. Petition for writ
of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Pennsylvania, Eastern District,
denied.
No. 857. Louis B. Saperstein, petitioner, v. The People of the State
of New York. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals
of New York denied.
No. 863. Lawrence Massa, petitioner, v. Jiffy Products Co., Inc.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the Ninth Circuit denied.
No. 870. Treasure Company, petitioner, v. Herschel Bullen, Mary
H. Bullen, J. C. Hayward, et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to
the United States Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit denied.
No. 41. Amalgamated Meat Cutters and Butcher Workmen of
North America, Local No. 427, AFL, et al., petitioners, v. Fairlawn
Meats, Inc. Petition for rehearing denied. Mr. Justice Whittaker
took no part in the consideration or decision of this application.
No. 313. Brotherhood of Railroad Trainmen, etc., et al., petition-
ers, v. Chicago River and Indiana Railroad Company et al. Motion
for leave to file brief of Railway Labor Executives' Association, as
amicus curiae, in support of petition for rehearing granted. Peti-

MONDAY, APRIL 29, 1957
268
tion for rehearing denied. Mr. Justice Whittaker took no part in
the consideration or decision of this motion and application.
No. 648. The Yuchi (Euchee) Tribe of Indians, and S. W. Brown,
Legus Brown, et al., petitioners, v. The United States et al. Motion
for leave to file a second petition for rehearing denied. Mr. Justice
Black and Mr. Justice Whittaker took no part in the consideration
or decision of this motion.
No. 254, Misc. Olza Bowden, petitioner, v. The People of the State
of Michigan. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court
of Michigan denied.
No. 342, Misc. Bernard Lee Roy, petitioner, v. Ira Coiner, Warden,
West Virginia State Penitentiary. Petition for writ of certiorari to
the Supreme Court of Appeals of West Virginia denied.
No. 398, Misc. Eugene Tramaglino, petitioner, v. United States of
America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court
of Appeals for the Second Circuit denied.
No. 606, Misc. Joseph Frey, petitioner, v. The People of the State
of New York et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Appellate
Division of the Supreme Court of New York, First Judicial Depart-
ment, denied.
No. 660, Misc. Herman Devorse, petitioner, v. People of the State
of Illinois. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Criminal Court of
Cook County, Illinois, denied.
No. 642, Misc. Leslie Irvin, petitioner, v. State of Indiana. Peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Indiana denied
without prejudice to filing for federal habeas corpus after exhausting
state remedies.
No. 635, Misc. Lester Joseph Gray, petitioner, v. United States of
America; and
No. 637, Misc. Fred Davis, petitioner, v. O. B. Ellis, General Man-
ager Texas Prison System. Motion for leave to file petitions for writs
of habeas corpus denied.
No. 661, Misc. William E. Howell, petitioner, v. Arthur J. Mellott,
Judge, United States District Court for the District of Kansas; and
No. 670, Misc. Nicholas Tiscio, petitioner, v. Frank G. Martin,
Warden, et al. Motions for leave to file petitions for writs of man-
damus denied.
The Court will take a recess from Monday, May 6, until Monday,
May 13, next.

MONDAY, APRIL 29, 1957
269
No. 247. The British Transport Commission, petitioner, v. United
States of America, as Owner of the U. S. N. S. Haiti Victory, et al.
Argued by Mr. Dean Acheson for the petitioner and by Mr. Wilbur
E. Dow, Jr., for respondents, W. G. Haslam, et al., and by Mr. George
C. Doub for respondent, the United States, as Owner, etc.
No. 423. Government and Civic Employees Organizing Committee,
CIO, an Unincorporated Association, et al., appellants, v. S. F. Wind-
sor, et al. Argument commenced by Mr. Milton I. Shadur for the
appellants and continued by Mr. Gordon Madison for the appellees.
Adjourned until tomorrow at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Tuesday, April 30, will be as follows: Nos. 423,
619, 620, 466, and 403.
☑

TUESDAY, APRIL 30, 1957
270
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: Mr. Chief Justice Warren, Mr. Justice Black, Mr. Justice
Frankfurter, Mr. Justice Douglas, Mr. Justice Burton, Mr. Justice
Clark, Mr. Justice Harlan, Mr. Justice Brennan, and Mr. Justice.
Whittaker.
Thomas E. Dewey, of New York, N. Y., on motion of Mr. John
Lord O'Brian; Marvin H. Kleinberg, of Los Angeles, Calif., on mo-
tion of Mr. Warren Olney; Paul Jackson Bryan, of Palatka, Fla.,
and Wallace M. Jopling, of Lake City, Fla., on motion of Mr. Charles
E. Bennett; Nathaniel Butler Knight, Jr., of Gretna, La., on motion
of Mr. Hale Boggs; Bert Wm. Thompson, of San Antonio, Tex., on
motion of Mr. Paul J. Kilday; Patrick E. Hackett, of Detroit, Mich.,
and Barbara K. Hackett, of Garden City, Mich., on motion of Mr.
David W. Kendall; Richard St. E. Smith, of New York, N. Y., on
motion of Mr. Charles Sylvanus Rhyne; Philip Goodheim, of Glov-
ersville, N. Y., Robert E. Littlefield, of Albany, N. Y., William L.
Bedard, of Mt. Vernon, Ill., and Walter Dakin Williams, of Clayton,
Mo., on motion of Mr. Donald R. Simpson; George B. Dunn, of Chi-
cago, Ill., on motion of Mr. Ralph Simon Spritzer; Roger B. Turrell,
of Middletown, Ohio, on motion of Mr. Joseph P. Tumulty, Jr.;
James C. Wilkes, Jr., of Silver Spring, Md., Charles L. Wilkes, of
Bethesda, Md., and George Reber Littlehales, of Washington, D. C.,
on motion of Mr. James C. Wilkes; and Carl H. Smith, of Bay City,
Mich., on motion of Edwin L. Kahn, were admitted to practice.
No. 423. Government and Civic Employees Organizing Committee,
CIO, an Unincorporated Association, et al., appellants, v. S. F. Wind-
sor et al. Argument continued by Mr. Gordon Madison for the ap-
pellees and concluded by Mr. Milton I. Shadur for the appellants.
No. 619. Chester E. Jackson, petitioner, v. John C. Taylor, Acting
Warden; and
No. 620. Harriel L. Fowler, petitioner, v. Frederick H. Wilkinson,
Warden, United States Penitentiary, Atlanta, Georgia. Argued by
Mr. Urban P. Van Susteren for the petitioner in No. 619, by Mr.
Leon S. Epstein for the petitioner in No. 620, and by Mr. Ralph S.
Spritzer for the respondents in both cases.
No. 466. Securities and Exchange Commission, petitioner, v.
Louisiana Public Service Commission et al. Argument commenced
400278-57-71

TUESDAY, APRIL 30, 1957
271
by Mr. Thomas G. Meeker for the petitioner and continued by Mr.
Robert A. Ainsworth, Jr., for the respondent, Louisiana Public Serv-
ice Commission.
Adjourned until tomorrow at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Wednesday, May 1, will be as follows: Nos. 466,
403, 572, 415, and 710.
☑

WEDNESDAY, MAY 1, 1957
272
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: Mr. Chief Justice Warren, Mr. Justice Black, Mr. Justice
Frankfurter, Mr. Justice Douglas, Mr. Justice Burton, Mr. Justice
Clark, Mr. Justice Harlan, Mr. Justice Brennan, and Mr. Justice
Whittaker.
Gerald T. Bissett, of Refugio, Tex., on motion of Mr. John Young;
Robert Dhu Larsen, of Washington, D. C., on motion of Mr. Kenneth
C. Royall; Wm. I. Prewett, of El Dorado, Ark., and Glenn E. Mc-
Cann, of Kansas City, Mo., on motion of Mr. Bruce Bennett; Edward
F. L. Bruen, of New York, N. Y., and Daniel M. Kelly, of New York,
N. Y., on motion of Mr. Gerard G. McTigue; Richard L. O'Hanlon,
of Milwaukee, Wis., and Bernard J. Moser, of Kalamazoo, Mich., on
motion of Mr. Harold D. Beaton; Revere B. Gurley, of Arlington,
Va., on motion of Mr. Ralph G. Nilson; John G. Drake, of Fairfax,
Va., on motion of Mr. Claire O. Ducker, Sr.; Jack E. Woods, of
Burbank, Calif., on motion of Mr. John Dillon Fitzgerald; Archie
Hefner, of Sacramento, Calif., and Loren S. Dahl, of Sacramento,
Calif., on motion of Mr. Stewart French; Salvatore C. J. Fusco, of
San Francisco, Calif., on motion of Mr. Charles A. Horsky; and
Daniel Milenski, of Cortez, Colo., on motion of Mr. John W. Cragun,
were admitted to practice.
No. 466. Securities and Exchange Commission, petitioner, v. Lou-
isiana Public Service Commission et al. Argument continued by Mr.
Robert A. Ainsworth, Jr., for the respondent, Louisiana Public
Service Commission and by Mr. J. Raburn Monroe for the respondent,
Louisiana Power and Light Company, and concluded by Mr. Thomas
G. Meeker for the petitioner.
No. 403. Henry Ragonton Rabang, petitioner, v. John P. Boyd,
District Director, Immigration and Naturalization Service. Argued
by Mr. John Caughlan for the petitioner and by Mr. J. F. Bishop
for the respondent.
No. 572. Clemente Martinez Perez, petitioner, v. Herbert Brownell,
Jr., Attorney General of the United States of America. Argued by
Mr. Charles A. Horsky for the petitioner and by Mr. Oscar H. Davis
for the respondent.
No. 415. Mitsugi Nishikawa, petitioner, v. John Foster Dulles,
Secretary of State. Argument commenced by Mr. Fred Okrand for
the petitioner and continued by Mr. Oscar H. Davis for the respondent.
400278-57-72

WEDNESDAY, MAY 1, 1957
Adjourned until tomorrow at 12 o'clock.
273
The day call for Thursday, May 2, will be as follows: Nos. 415,
710, 430 (and 834), 426, and 445.
☑

THURSDAY, MAY 2, 1957
274
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: Mr. Chief Justice Warren, Mr. Justice Black, Mr. Justice
Frankfurter, Mr. Justice Douglas, Mr. Justice Burton, Mr. Justice
Clark, Mr. Justice Harlan, Mr. Justice Brennan, and Mr. Justice
Whittaker.
Robert E. Giles, of Raleigh, N. C., and George B. Patton, of
Raleigh, N. C., on motion of Mr. Samuel J. Ervin, Jr.; Ludwig
Teller, of New York, N. Y., on motion of Mr. Toby Morris; Perkins
Bass, of Peterborough, N. H., on motion of Mr. Henry S. Reuss;
Hugh N. Clayton, of New Albany, Miss., and Charles W. McKay,
Jr., of Sylacauga, Ala., on motion of Mr. Jamie L. Whitten; Frank
Gordon Theis, of Arkansas City, Kans., on motion of Mr. James M.
Barnes; Stanton S. Faville, of Lansing, Mich., and Raymond Scal-
len, of Minneapolis, Minn., on motion of Mr. Oscar H. Davis; George
L. Jackman, of Miami, Fla., on motion of Mr. Myron Wiener; Den-
ver H. Graham, of Washington, D. C., and Albert E. Brault, of
Washington, D. C., on motion of Mr. Fred M. Vinson, Jr.; Carson
Healy Leonard, of Albany, N. Y., and Linn K. Twinem, of New
York, N. Y., on motion of Mr. Royal E. Jackson; Harvey Allen
Jacobs, of Washington, D. C., on motion of Mr. Lewis Jacobs; H.
Barton Williams, of New York, N. Y., and William M. Kimball, of
New York, N. Y., on motion of Mr. Eugene Underwood; Chester
Murphy Culver, of Detroit, Mich., on motion of Mr. Jerome Powell;
Russell Adams Sibley, of Rochester, N. Y., on motion of Mr. B.
Jenkins Middleton; Peter Sanchez-Navarro, Jr., of Houston, Tex., on
motion of Mr. Paul D. Page, Jr.; Harvey Hirsch Posner, of Baton
Rouge, La., on motion of Mr. H. Payne Breazeale; Sondra K. Slade,
of Alexandria, Va., on motion of Mr. Samuel David Slade; John
Martin Tobin, of Columbus, Ohio, and John Richard Barrett, of
Akron, Ohio, on motion of Mr. Charles A. Webb; Mary Louise
Sabatello, of Chicago, Ill., on motion of Mr. James Joseph Mahoney;
Harriet Z. Margolies, of Silver Spring, Md., on motion of Mr. David
Ginsburg; George L. Varian, of New York, N. Y., on motion of
Mr. E. Curtis Rouse; and Joseph S. Parren, of Poughkeepsie, N. Y.,
on motion of Mr. Laurence H. Axman, were admitted to practice.
No. 415. Mitsugi Nishikawa, petitioner, v. John Foster Dulles, Sec-
retary of State. Argument continued by Mr. Oscar H. Davis for
the respondent and concluded by Mr. Fred Okrand for the petitioner.
400278-57--73

THURSDAY, MAY 2, 1957
275
No. 710. Albert L. Trop, petitioner, v. John Foster Dulles, Secre-
tary of State of the United States, et al. Argued by Mr. Osmond K.
Fraenkel for the petitioner and by Mr. Oscar H. Davis for the
respondent.
No. 430. Sam Achilli, petitioner, v. United States of America; and
No. 834. Sam Achilli, petitioner, v. United States of America.
Argued by Mr. Peter B. Atwood for the petitioner and by Mr.
Charles K. Rice for the respondent.
No. 426. Jesse Blackburn, petitioner, v. State of Alabama. Argued
by Mr. Truman Hobbs for the petitioner and by Mr. Paul T. Gish,
Jr., for the respondent.
Adjourned until Monday, May 6, next, at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Monday, May 6, will be as follows: No. 445.
Х

MONDAY, MAY 6, 1957
276
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: Mr. Chief Justice Warren, Mr. Justice Black, Mr. Justice
Frankfurter, Mr. Justice Douglas, Mr. Justice Burton, Mr. Justice
Clark, Mr. Justice Harlan, Mr. Justice Brennan, and Mr. Justice
Whittaker.
Harold G. Sodergren, of Berwyn, Ill., Robert F. Froehlke, of
Stevens Point, Wis., and Samuel R. Pierce, Jr., of New York, N. Y.,
on motion of Mr. Solicitor General James Lee Rankin; Philip Bar-
ton, of Gainesville, Fla., and Richard James Wilson, of Gainesville,
Fla., on motion of Mr. Estes Kefauver; Ervin W. Potter, of Salem,
Oreg., on motion of Mr. Walter Norblad; Frederick A. C. Hoefer, of
Alexandria, Va., on motion of Mr. Elisha K. Amos; Peter P. Woboril,
Jr., of Milwaukee, Wis., on motion of Mr. Henry S. Reuss; James
Terrel West, of Little Rock, Ark., on motion of Mr. Floyd Lee Wil-
liams, Jr.; Irving S. Freedman, of New York, N. Y., and Howard L.
Lilienthal, of New York, N. Y., on motion of Mr. Edward G. Hudon;
Charles F. Ducander, of Shreveport, La,. and Donald M. Patterson,
of Washington, D. C., on motion of Mr. John J. Courtney; William
Miller Yates, of Midland, Mich., and James B. VanderKelen, of Mid-
land, Mich., on motion of Mr. Miles Dorwin Pillars; Robert Bonynge,
of New York, N. Y., on motion of Mr. Martin T. Fisher; J. Henry
Waldman, of New York, N. Y., on motion of Mr. Benjamin Fisher
Pollack; Oran J. Von Elm, of Oklahoma City, Okla., on motion of
Mr. Clarence E. Barnes, Jr.; Ralph M. Sloan, Jr., of Little Rock,
Ark., on motion of Mr. Edwin D. DuPree, Jr.; Leon M. Cooper, of
Los Angeles, Calif., on motion of Mr. Thomas H. Carolan; Donald
M. Ream, of Indianapolis, Ind., on motion of Mr. Ray S. Donaldson;
Paul Ackerman, of Washington, D. C., on motion of Mr. Norman J.
Small; John L. Hauer, of Dallas, Tex., and Thos. R. Hartnett III,
of Dallas, Tex., on motion of Mr. George Bunn; A. James Linder, of
Hamburg, Ark., on motion of Mr. Oren Harris; Frances Thaddeus
Wolff, of Centerport, N. Y., and Paul Windels, Jr., of New York,
N. Y., on motion of Mr. Leonard P. Moore; Robert A. Neeb, Jr., of
Beverly Hills, Calif., on motion of Mr. C. Frank Reifsnyder; and
Aram Kamer Berberian, of Cranston, R. I., on motion of Mr. James
Henry Duffy, were admitted to practice.
No. 422. Office Employes International Union, Local No. 11, AFL-
CIO, petitioner, v. National Labor Relations Board. On writ of cer-
400278-57-74

MONDAY, MAY 6, 1957
277
tiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the District of
Columbia Circuit. Judgment of the Court of Appeals is reversed
and the case is remanded to the United States Court of Appeals for
the District of Columbia Circuit for remand to the National Labor
Relations Board for further proceedings in accordance with the
opinion of this Court. Opinion by Mr. Justice Clark. Separate
opinion by Mr. Justice Brennan with whom Mr. Justice Frankfurter,
Mr. Justice Burton, and Mr. Justice Harlan join, concurring in part
and dissenting in part.
No. 92. Rudolph Schware, petitioner, v. Board of Bar Examiners
of the State of New Mexico. On writ of certiorari to the Supreme
Court of New Mexico. Judgment reversed with costs and the case is
remanded to the Supreme Court of New Mexico for proceedings not
inconsistent with the opinion of this Court. Opinion by Mr. Justice
Black. Concurring opinion by Mr. Justice Frankfurter with whom
Mr. Justice Clark and Mr. Justice Harlan join. Mr. Justice Whit-
taker took no part in the consideration or decision of this case.
No. 5. Raphael Konigsberg, petitioner, v. The State Bar of Cali-
fornia and the Committee of Bar Examiners of the State Bar of
California. On writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Califor-
nia. Judgment reversed with costs and the case is remanded to the
Supreme Court of California for further proceedings not inconsistent
with the opinion of this Court. Opinion by Mr. Justice Black. Dis-
senting opinion by Mr. Justice Frankfurter. Dissenting opinion by
Mr. Justice Harlan with whom Mr. Justice Clark joins. Mr. Justice
Whittaker took no part in the consideration or decision of this case.
No. 540. Civil Aeronautics Board, petitioner, v. Ida Mae Hermann
et al. On writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the Ninth Circuit. Judgment of the Court of Appeals is re-
versed and the case is remanded to the United States District Court
for the Southern District of California with instructions to reinstate
its enforcement order of May 16, 1955. Opinion per curiam an-
nounced by Mr. Chief Justice Warren.
The Chief Justice said:
"The orders of the Court appear upon the list certified by the Chief
Justice and filed with the Clerk and will not be announced orally."
No. 849. Henry T. McKinney, petitioner, v. The Missouri-Kansas-
Texas Railroad Company et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
United States Court of Appeals for the Tenth Circuit granted and
case transferred to the summary calendar.

MONDAY, MAY 6, 1957
278
No. 816. Matt Atwood, petitioner, v. Dan E. Lydick. Petition for
writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Texas and/or Court of
Civil Appeals of Texas, Third Judicial District, denied.
No. 847. Adrian Lawrence Dudley, petitioner, v. United States of
America; and
No. 851. Eugene Fisher Londos, petitioner, v. United States of
America. Petitions for writs of certiorari to the United States Court
of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 855. Shirley-Duke Apartments, Section 1, Incorporated, et al.,
petitioners, v. Norman P. Mason, Federal Housing Commissioner,
et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of
Appeals for the Fourth Circuit denied.
No. 856. Columbia Pictures Corporation, petitioner, v. Richard
Stephens. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court
of Appeals for the Second Circuit denied.
No. 858. Kenneth Ernest Chodorski, petitioner, v. United States of
America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court
of Appeals for the Seventh Circuit denied.
No. 859. Union Pacific Railroad Company, petitioner, v. The
United States. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Court of Claims denied.
No. 860. Wiesen-Hart, Inc., petitioner, v. Advisers, Incorporated.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the Sixth Circuit denied.
No. 869. Jules S. Bache Trust for Hazel B. Beckman u/d Dated
June 1, 1921, et al., petitioners, v. Commissioner of Internal Revenue.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the Second Circuit denied.
No. 874. Robert Livingston Pomeroy, Executor of the Estate of
Elizabeth Eagan Pomeroy, petitioner, v. The Pennsylvania Railroad
Company. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court
of Appeals for the District of Columbia Circuit denied.
No. 899. Wunderlich Contracting Company, a Corporation; Cur-
lett Construction Company, a Corporation; et al., petitioners, v.
United States of America ex rel. Reischel & Cottrell, a California
Corporation, et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United
States Court of Appeals for the Tenth Circuit denied.
No. 743. John Robert Shaw, as Executor of the Estate of Anthony,
Alma Rahner, Deceased, petitioner, v. Atlantic Coast Line Railroad
Company and Southern Railway Company; and

MONDAY, MAY 6, 1957
279
No. 514, Misc. Guy N. Stafford, petitioner, v. The Superior Court
of the State California, in and for the County of Los Angeles. Peti-
tions for rehearing denied.
No. 50. San Diego Building Trades Council et al., petitioners, v.
J. S. Garmon et al.;
No. 738. Louis W. Nathan, Gaetano Alviti, Frank C. Tornabene,
et al., petitioners, v. United States of America;
No. 745. Frank Jimmy Snider, Jr., petitioner, v. Commonwealth of
Virginia ;
No. 788. Paul Ginsburg, petitioner, v. John D. Black, John C.
Slade, Guy Allen Gladson, et al.; and
No. 805. Jacob Dyner, petitioner, v. Joseph Schwartz and Francis
J. Curtis, Trustees of Marathon Foundry and Machine Company,
and Intelectron, Inc. Petitions for rehearing denied. Mr. Justice
Whittaker took no part in the consideration or decision of these
applications.
No. 145. The John Danz Charitable Trust, petitioner, v. Commis-
sioner of Internal Revenue. Petition for rehearing denied. Mr.
Justice Brennan and Mr. Justice Whittaker took no part in the con-
sideration or decision of this application.
No. 551. Joseph D. Nunan, Jr., petitioner, v. United States of
America. Petition for rehearing denied. Mr. Justice Clark and Mr.
Justice Whittaker took no part in the consideration or decision of this
application.
No. 733. McClatchy Broadcasting Company, petitioner, v. Federal
Communications Commission et al. Petition for rehearing denied.
The Chief Justice and Mr. Justice Whittaker took no part in the
consideration or decision of this application.
No. 752. Donald H. Jacobs, d/b/a The Jacobs Instrument Com-
pany, petitioner, v. United States of America. Motion to dispense
with printing of the petition for rehearing granted. Petition for
rehearing denied. Mr. Justice Whittaker took no part in the consid-
eration or decision of this motion and application.
No. 367, Misc. Calvin Tyson, petitioner, v. Charles G. Day,
Warden. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of
Pennsylvania, Eastern District, denied.
No. 655, Misc. John E. Gawron, petitioner, v. Ben Adamnoski,
State's Attorney, Cook County, Illinois. Petition for writ of cer-
tiorari to the Criminal Court of Cook County, Illinois, denied.
No. 241, Misc. Wilhelm J. Muhlenbroich, petitioner, v. Robert A.
Heinze, Warden, State Prison at Represa, California. Petition for

MONDAY, MAY 6, 1957
280
writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of California denied. The
Chief Justice took no part in the consideration or decision of this
application.
No. 445. Lake Tankers Corporation, petitioner, v. Lillian M. Henn,
Administratrix. Argued by Mr. Eugene Underwood for the peti-
tioner and by Mr. Frank C. Mason for the respondent.
Adjourned until Monday, May 13, next, at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Monday, May 13, will be as follows: No. 893.
✓

MONDAY, MAY 13, 1957
281
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: Mr. Chief Justice Warren, Mr. Justice Black, Mr. Justice
Frankfurter, Mr. Justice Douglas, Mr. Justice Burton, Mr. Justice
Clark, Mr. Justice Harlan, Mr. Justice Brennan, and Mr. Justice
Whittaker.
Wilhelmina Louise Florencourt, of Arlington, Mass., Paul W.
Harty, of Detroit, Mich., Saul Neivert, of Elizabeth, N. J., Russell
W. Baker, of Kansas City, Mo., and Charles Rudolph Nesbitt, of
Oklahoma City, Okla., on motion of Mr. Solicitor General James
Lee Rankin; Donald O. Welton, of Los Angeles, Calif., on motion of
Mr. Victor R. Hansen; William G. Watt, of Wheatland, Wyo., on
motion of Mr. Frank A. Barrett; Margaret Phelan Karr, of Webster
City, Iowa, and Lloyd Karr, of Webster City, Iowa, on motion of
Mr. Thomas Ellsworth Martin; A. Loring Primeaux, of Boston, Mass.,
on motion of Mr. Alan Bible; George E. Bridwell, of Salt Lake
City, Utah, on motion of Mr. William A. Dawson; Wm. A. Oughter-
son, of Stuart, Fla., on motion of Mr. Paul G. Rogers; Frederick
Raulston Hixson, of Chattanooga, Tenn., J. Carson Ridenour, of
Clinton, Tenn., C. C. Ridenour, of Chattanoga, Tenn., and Billy R.
Ridenour, of Sweetwater, Tenn., on motion of Mr. Howard H. Baker;
John Jason Gale, of Hollywood, Calif., on motion of Mr. Clyde Gil-
man Doyle: Thomas J. Moore, of Philadelphia, Pa., on motion of
Mr. Hugh D. Scott, Jr.; Cleo G. Clayton, Jr., of Amarillo, Tex.,
and R. A. Wilson, of Amarillo, Tex., on motion of Mr. Walter E.
Rogers: Glenn Charles Ames, of Encino, Calif., on motion of Mr.
Patrick J. Hillings; Roy Dean Burch, of Tucson, Ariz., and Hugh
William Stewart, of Tucson, Ariz., on motion of Mr. John J. Rhodes;
Bernard Kurlan, of Chicago, Ill., on motion of Mr. Charles A. Boyle;
Donald Edward Wright, of Nashville, Tenn., on motion of Mr. J.
Carlton Loser: Maurice Cathey, of Paragould, Ark., on motion of
Mr. E. C. Gathings; Louis Clemente, of New York, N. Y., and Leon-
ard F. Manning, of New York, N. Y., on motion of Mr. George
Morris Fay; James A. Kirkland, of Port Arthur, Tex., on motion of
Mr. Jack B. Brooks; Henry Martin Shine, Jr., of Dallas, Tex., on
motion of Mr. Homer Ferguson; Henry M. Fuller of Portsmouth,
N. H., on motion of Mr. John H. Pickering; Ralph Trabb, of Val-
dosta, Ga., on motion of Mr. Donald R. Simpson; James W. Lane,
of Milwaukee, Wis., on motion of Mr. Joseph E. Davies; Wyatt
Johnson, of Miami, Fla., and G. Kenneth Kemper, of Miami, Fla.,
on motion of Mr. James R. Golden; Edwin F. Jackson, of Little
400278-57--75

MONDAY, MAY 13, 1957
282
Rock, Ark., on motion of Mr. Floyd Lee Williams; Hyman Leo
Kowal, of New York, N. Y., on motion of Mr. Alfred L. Bennett;
John Bonaventure Kenkel, of Bladensburg, Md., on motion of Mr.
Neville Miller; Thomas F. Dixon, of Atlanta, Ga., on motion of Mrs.
Ruby Kettles Peterson; Jeanette H. Harris, of New York, N. Y., and
Sidney Tolmage, of New York, N. Y., on motion of Mr. Bernard
Dunau; Charles T. Weintraub, of New York, N. Y., and William
Cranch Eliot, of Phoenix, Ariz., on motion of Mr. Eugene T. Liip-
fert; Homer O. Blair, of Pittsburgh, Pa., on motion of Mr. Gordon
S. Parker; Henry Murry Jones, of Houston, Tex., on motion of Mr.
Manford Edward Nelson; C. C. Lipps, of Akron, Ohio, on motion of
Mr. John Palmer Witsil; John Philip Carlson, of Alexandria, Va.,
on motion of Mr. Clare E. Hoffman; Alan J. Rogers, of New York,
N. Y., on motion of Mr. Leonard Kommel; Paul Gregory O'Friel, of
Pittsburgh, Pa., on motion of Mr. Lawrence W. Keepnews; Barry
Golomb, of New York, N. Y., on motion of Mr. Asher H. Ende;
George Henry Blickhahn, Jr., of Alamosa, Colo., on motion of
Mr. Richard S. Farr; Robert W. Meserve, of Boston, Mass., on mo-
tion of Mr. Charles A. Horsky; Fuller Holloway, of Washington,
D. C., on motion of Mr. Charles D. Hamel; Joseph D. Feeney, Jr.,
of Chicago, Ill., on motion of Mr. Edward M. Reidy; Sydney Bernard
Smith, of Washington, D. C., on motion of Mr. Joseph H. Freehill;
Harold B. Mackenzie, of Chicago, Ill., on motion of Mr. Alben F.
Bates; Thomas O. Flack, of River Forest, Ill., on motion of Mr.
Dwight E. Rorer; Martin P. Detels, Jr., of Seattle, Wash., on motion
of Mr. Martin Detels; Jose del Castillo, of Tucson, Ariz., on motion
of Mr. Eugenio M. Fonbuena; Richard E. Ryan, of Long Beach,
Calif., on motion of Mr. Eulan I. Snyder; Rosalie S. Asher, of Sacra-
mento, Calif., and Robert E. Hannon, of Castro Valley, Calif., on
motion of Mr. George Thomas Davis; and William M. Bennett, of
San Francisco, Calif., and Arlo E. Smith, of San Francisco, Calif.,
on motion of Mr. Robert Lee McCarty, were admitted to practice.
No. 370. The Baltimore and Ohio Railway Company, petitioner, v.
Daniel T. Jackson. On writ of certiorari to the United States Court
of Appeals for the District of Columbia Circuit. Judgment affirmed
and case remanded to the United States District Court for the Dis-
trict of Columbia. Opinion by Mr. Justice Clark. Dissenting
opinion by Mr. Justice Burton with whom Mr. Justice Frankfurter,
Mr. Justice Harlan and Mr. Justice Whittaker join.
No. 162. Shirley Kremen, Samuel Irving Coleman, and Sidney
Steinberg, petitioners, v. United States of America. On writ of
certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the Ninth Cir-
cuit. Judgment reversed and case remanded to the United States

MONDAY, MAY 13, 1957
283
District Court for the Northern District of California with instruc-
tions to grant petitioners a new trial. Opinion per curiam an-
nounced by Mr. Chief Justice Warren. Mr. Justice Burton and Mr.
Justice Clark dissent. Mr. Justice Whittaker took no part in the
consideration or decision of this case.
No. 240. H. T. Arnold, petitioner, v. Panhandle and Santa Fe
Railway Co. On writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Texas
and the Court of Civil Appeals of Texas, Seventh Supreme Judicial
District. Judgement of the Court of Civil Appeals reversed with
costs and case remanded to the Court of Civil Appeals of Texas,
Seventh Supreme Judicial District, for proceedings not inconsistent
with the opinion of this Court. Opinion per curiam announced by
Mr. Chief Justice Warren. Dissenting opinion by Mr. Justice
Frankfurter. Dissenting opinion by Mr. Justice Harlan with whom
Mr. Justice Burton and Mr. Justice Whittaker join.
No. 423. Government and Civic Employees Organizing Committee,
CIO, an Unincorporated Association, et al., appellants, v. S. F. Wind-
sor et al. Appeal from the United States District Court for the
Northern District of Alabama. Judgement of the District Court is
vacated and case remanded to the United States District Court for
the Northern District of Alabama with directions to retain juris-
diction until efforts to obtain an appropriate adjudication in the state
courts have been exhausted. Opinion per curiam announced by Mr.
Chief Justice Warren. Mr. Justice Black took no part in the con-
sideration or decision of this case.
No. 466. Securities and Exchange Commission, petitioner, v. Loui-
siana Public Service Commission et al. On writ of certiorari to the
United States Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit. Judgment of
the Court of Appeals is reversed and case remanded to the United
States Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit for further proceed-
ings in conformity with the opinion of this Court. Opinion per
curiam announced by Mr. Chief Justice Warren. Mr. Justice Clark
took no part in the consideration or decision of this case.
The Chief Justice said:
"The orders of the Court appear upon the list certified by the Chief
Justice and filed with the Clerk and will not be announced orally."
No. 622, Misc. In re Frank Victor Patterson, petitioner. On peti-.
tion for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Oregon. Per
Curiam: The motion for leave to proceed in forma pauperis and the
petition for writ of certiorari are granted. The judgment of the
Supreme Court of Oregon is vacated and the case is remanded for
reconsideration in light of Konigsberg v. State Bar of California et al.,

MONDAY, MAY 13, 1957
284
No. 5, October Term, 1956, decided May 6, 1957, and Schware v. Board
of Examiners of New Mexico, No. 92, October Term, 1956, decided
May 6, 1957. See also Brinkerhoff-Faris Co. v. Hill, 281 U. S. 673.
No. 681, Misc. Charles Kubala, appellant, v. The People of the
State of Illinois. Appeal from the Supreme Court of Illinois. Per
Curiam: The appeal is dismissed.
No. 3, Original, October Term, 1921. The State of Wyoming, com-
plainant, v. The State of Colorado. Upon consideration of the joint
motion of counsel for the parties in this case to vacate the former
decree (259 U. S. 496; 260 U. S. 1), it is ordered that the joint mo-
tion be, and it is hereby, granted and the former decree, as amended,
is vacated and a new decree is entered to read as follows:
"IT IS ORDERED, ADJUDGED AND DECREED, that:
I. The State of Colorado, or anyone recognized by her as duly en-
titled thereto, shall have the right to divert from the Laramie river
and its tributaries, for use in the State of Colorado, 49,375 acre-feet
of water in each calendar year, which diversion and use shall be sub-
ject to the limitations and restrictions hereinafter set forth. The
State of Wyoming, or anyone recognized by her as duly entitled
thereto, shall have the right to divert and use all water flowing and
remaining in the Laramie river and its tributaries after such diver-
sion and use in Colorado.
II. The State of Colorado, its officers, attorneys, agents and em-
ployees be, and they are severally enjoined
(a) from diverting or permitting the diversion of more than
19,875 acre-feet of water in any calendar year from the Laramie
river and its tributaries for use in Colorado at any or all points
outside of the basin of said river, which amount may be diverted
by the present owners of transmountain water rights or by their
successors in ownership, through any ditches, canals, tunnels or
structures capable of carrying the same, as the owners of said
water rights and of such structures may from time to time agree
among themselves, or as may be determined by a court of com-
petent jurisdition:
(b) from diverting or permitting the diversion of more than
29,500 acre-feet of water in any calendar year from the Laramie
river and its tributaries for use in Colorado within the drainage
basin of said river, of which amount not more than 1,800 acre-
feet shall be diverted in any calendar year after July 31; pro-
vided, that if in any calendar year any part or all of said 19,875
acre-feet of water which may be diverted for use outside of the
drainage basin of said river is not so diverted for use outside the
drainage basin of said river, the amount not so diverted may be

MONDAY, MAY 13, 1957
285
added to the amount which may be diverted hereunder for use
in Colorado within the drainage basin of said river. Such water
diverted for use in Colorado within the drainage basin of said
river shall be diverted only through the headgates of ditches
serving, and shall only be used to irrigate, those lands within
the Laramie river basin in Colorado which are marked and de-
signed by cross-hatching on Exhibit "A" attached hereto and
hereby made a part hereof, by the present owners of said lands
and the water rights serving said lands or by their successors in
ownership, and none of said waters shall be used for the irriga-
tion of any lands not included within the boundaries of the lands
so indicated on Exhibit “A”.
III. Except as modified or restricted hereby, the relative rights to
the use of Colorado's share of the Laramie river shall continue to be
governed by the rules of appropriation and use as determined by the
laws of Colorado, and shall be administered by its water officials.
IV. This decree shall not prejudice or affect the right of the State
of Colorado or the State of Wyoming, or of anyone recognized by
either state as duly entitled thereo, to continue to exercise the right
to divert and use water from Sand Creek, sometimes spoken of as a
tributary of the Laramie river, in virtue of an existing and lawful
appropriation of the waters of such creek.
V. The Clerk of this Court shall transmit to the chief magistrates
of the States of Wyoming and Colorado copies of this decree duly
authenticated under the seal of this Court."
The motion of Ward Goodrich et al. for leave to intervene is denied.
No. 607. Freeman Taylor and Homer L. Demoss, petitioners, v.
United States of America. The motion of petitioners to remand is
denied and the case is referred to the United States District Court
for the Western District of Tennessee for consideration of the settle-
ment agreement. Hubsch v. United States, 338 U. S. 440 and 340
U. S. 804.
No. 835. Adams Newark Theater Co. and I. Hirst Enterprises, Inc.,
appellants, v. City of Newark, a Municipal Corporation, Joseph B.
Sugrue, Director of Police of the City of Newark, et al. The appli-
cation for stay is denied. Mr. Justice Brennan took no part in the
consideration or decision of this application.
No. 150, Misc. Merle Prohaska, petitioner, v. People of the State
of Illinois. The petitioner's motion to dismiss the petition for writ
of certiorari is granted.
No. 777. John Henry Harmon III, petitioner, v. Wilber M.
Brucker, Individually and as Secretary of the Department of the
Army. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of
Appeals for the District of Columbia Circuit granted.
400278-57--76

MONDAY, MAY 13, 1957
286
No. 880. United States of America, petitioner, v. R. F. Ball Con-
struction Company, Inc., and United Pacific Insurance Company.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the Fifth Circuit granted and case transferred to the summary
calendar.
No. 512, Misc. William Miller, petitioner, v. United States of
America. Motion for leave to proceed in forma pauperis and peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for
the District of Columbia Circuit granted. Case transferred to the
appellate docket.
No. 792. Robert A. Heinze, Warden of the California State Prison
at Folsom, California, petitioner, v. Paul R. Bailleaux. Petition for
writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of California denied.
No. 861. James Nasser Productions, Inc., Ressan Incorporated,
James Nasser, et al., petitioners, v. Honorable Thurmond Clarke, U. S.
District Judge. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit denied.
No. 864. John T. Menzies, President, Crosse & Blackwell Company,
et al., petitioners, v. Federal Trade Commission. Petition for writ of
certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the Fourth Cir-
cuit denied.
No. 865. Frank Collura, petitioner, v. Commonwealth of Pennsyl-
vania. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Penn-
sylvania, Western District, denied.
No. 867. United States of America for the use of Emmett J. Malloy,
petitioner, v. Leslie S. Bowden, as Trustee in Bankruptcy for the
Estate of Frank T. Hickey, Inc., Bankrupt; Fidelity & Deposit Com-
pany of Maryland, a Corporation; et al. Petition for writ of certio-
rari to the United States Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit
denied.
No. 868. Beaver Pipe Tools, Inc., petitioner, v. Thomas M. Carey.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the Sixth Circuit denied.
No. 871. Beulah Weil, petitioner, v. Commissioner of Internal
Revenue. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court
of Appeals for the Second Circuit denied.
No. 877. Gramatan-Sullivan, Inc., petitioner, v. Nathan Koslow.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the Second Circuit denied.
No. 896. Nonles Parnacher, Devet Parnacher, Nannie Parnacher,
now Johnson and Salina Scott, petitioners, v. Houston B. Mount,

MONDAY, MAY 13, 1957
287
Executor of the Estate of Liesiny Walton, Deceased. Petition for
writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Oklahoma denied.
No. 901. Myrtle Bennett, Administratrix of the Estate of A. C.
Bennett, Deceased, petitioner, v. Southern Railway Company, a Cor-
poration. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of
North Carolina denied.
No. 903. Indian Towing Company, Inc., petitioner, v. Thurston
Crawford et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 923. H. V. Hickinbotham, petitioner, v. Guy E. Williams,
Chancellor. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of
Arkansas denied.
No. 875. California State Board of Equalization, petitioner, v.
George T. Goggin, Trustee of the Estate of Columbia Stamping and
Manufacturing Corporation, Bankrupt. Petition for writ of certio-
rari to the United States Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit
denied. The Chief Justice took no part in the consideration or de-
cision of this application.
No. 898. New York Life Insurance Company, a Corporation, peti-
tioner, v. Mary Ann Atkinson. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
United States Court of Appeals for the Tenth Circuit denied. Mr.
Justice Harlan took no part in the consideration or decision of this
application.
No. 817. Whitaker Cable Corporation, petitioner, v. Federal Trade
Commission. Petition for rehearing denied. Mr. Justice Whittaker
took no part in the consideration or decision of this application.
No. 8, Misc. Francis A. Rybar, petitioner, v. Harley O. Teets,
Warden, San Quentin, California. Petition for writ of certiorari to
the Supreme Court of California denied.
No. 346, Misc. Allen Thomas Foster, petitioner, v. Joseph E.
Ragen, Warden, et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Criminal
Court of Cook County and Circuit Court of Will County of Illinois
denied.
No. 559, Misc. Eugene R. Flitcraft, petitioner, v. United States of
America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court
of Appeals for the Seventh Circuit denied.
No. 575, Misc. Louis David Lyda, petitioner, v. State of California.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of California
denied.

MONDAY, MAY 13, 1957
288
No. 581, Misc. Peter Savor, petitioner, v. Commonwealth of Penn-
sylvania. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of
Pennsylvania, Western District, denied.
No. 583, Misc. R. W. Agnew, petitioner, v. City of Compton, a
Municipal Corporation, H. R. Lindemulder, et al. Petition for writ
of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the Ninth
Circuit denied.
No. 584, Misc. Bernard Bloch, petitioner, v. United States of
America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court
of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit denied.
No. 587, Misc. Richard P. Thompson, petitioner, v. Angelo C.
Cavell, Warden. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme
Court of Pennsylvania, Western District, denied.
No. 599, Misc. William Banks, petitioner, v. United States of
America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court
of Appeals for the Seventh Circuit denied.
No. 605, Misc. Martin F. Toner, petitioner, v. United States of
America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court
of Appeals for the Third Circuit denied.
No. 619, Misc. Earl M. Hunter, Jr., petitioner, v. The State of Ohio
and Ralph W. Alvis, Warden. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
Supreme Court of Ohio denied.
No. 621, Misc. Roberto Robles, by his guardian ad litem, Pablo
Robles, petitioner, v. Marion B. Folsom, Federal Security Adminis-
trator. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of
Appeals for the Second Circuit denied.
No. 630, Misc. Clarence A. Henry, petitioner, v. The People of the
State of New York. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of
Appeals of New York denied.
No. 632, Misc. Howard William Davis, petitioner, v. United States
of America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Court of Appeals for the Seventh Circuit denied.
No. 640, Misc. Melvin H. Logan, petitioner, v. George R. Duncan,
Judge of the Circuit Court of Marion County. Petition for writ of
certiorari to the Supreme Court and the Circuit Court for Marion
County of Oregon denied.
No. 641, Misc. Leona Legg, petitioner, v. Charles Teneycke, Francis
Teneycke, et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court
of California denied.
No. 643, Misc. Gerard Dennis, petitioner, v. Robert E. Murphy,
Warden. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Appellate Division of
the Supreme Court of New York, Fourth Judicial Department,
denied.

MONDAY, MAY 13, 1957
289
No. 644, Misc. Louis Taylor, petitioner, v. United States of Amer-
ica. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of
Appeals for the Second Circuit denied.
No. 646, Misc. Louis DiMaggio, petitioner, v. J. Vernel Jackson,
Warden. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals of
New York denied.
No. 649, Misc. Henry Clay Burks, petitioner, v. Commonwealth of
Kentucky. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals of
Kentucky denied.
No. 669, Misc. Jules Hopkins, petitioner, v. Joseph E. Ragen,
Warden. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of Kan-
kakee County, Illinois, denied.
No. 685, Misc. Jesse Wilson, petitioner, v. The People of the State
of New York. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Appellate Divi-
sion of the Supreme Court of New York, First Judicial Department,
denied.
No. 676, Misc. Maurice and Melanie Kallos as parents in behalf of
their son, Paul Kallos, petitioners, v. State of New York; and
No. 688, Misc. James Robert Palmer, petitioner, v. C. H. Looney,
Warden. Motions for leave to file petitions for writs of habeas cor-
pus denied.
ORDER
It is ordered that the call of the docket, except for special assign-
ments, be suspended for the term upon the conclusion of the argu-
ment in the case listed for hearing today.
ORDER
The Court will take a recess from today until Monday, May 20,
next.
No. 893. Caryl Chessman, petitioner, v. Harley O. Teets, Warden.
Argued by Mr. George T. Davis for the petitioner and by Mr. William
M. Bennett for the respondent.
Adjourned until Monday, May 20, next, at 12 o'clock.

MONDAY, MAY 20, 1957
290
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: Mr. Chief Justice Warren, Mr. Justice Black, Mr. Justice
Frankfurter, Mr. Justice Douglas, Mr. Justice Burton, Mr. Justice
Clark, Mr. Justice Harlan, Mr. Justice Brennan, and Mr. Justice
Whittaker.
Christian J. Ehmann, of Buffalo, N. Y., and E. S. Gallon, of Day-
ton, Ohio, on motion of Mr. Solicitor General James Lee Rankin;
Joseph G. Gauthier, of Detroit, Mich., on motion of Mr. John A.
Carroll; Margaret Quill Flynn, of Nashua, N. H., and Charles J.
Flynn, of Nashua, N. H., on motion of Mr. Leverett Saltonstall;
F. R. Breen, of Reno, Nev., on motion of Mr. Alan Bible; Joseph T.
Patterson, of Jackson, Miss., on motion of Mr. John Cornelius Stennis;
Charles S. Fisher, Jr., of Topeka, Kans., and Philip H. Lewis, of
Topeka, Kans., on motion of Mr. Edward Herbert Rees; Usco A.
Gentry, of Little Rock, Ark., and William P. Hamilton, Jr., of Little
Rock, Ark., on motion of Mr. Brooks Hays; Edwin C. Podewell, of
Chicago, Ill., on motion of Mr. Emmet F. Byrne; John Edward Bart-
ley, of Findlay, Ohio, on motion of Mr. Jackson E. Betts; Kenneth
E. Roberts, of Portland, Oreg., on motion of Mr. Walter Norblad;
Eugene Bernstein, of Chicago, Ill., and Emil J. Blair, of Chicago,
Ill., on motion of Mr. Charles A. Boyle; William T. Sellers, of Mur-
freesboro, Tenn., on motion of Mr. Joe Landon Evins; Charles S.
Vigil, of Denver, Colo., on motion of Mr. Byron G. Rogers; John
M. Harrod, of Eden, Tex., on motion of Mr. O. Clark Fisher; Marjory
H. Gleason, of Boston, Mass., Nella Q. Wendell, of Belmont, Mass.,
Anna Chopek, of Boston, Mass., Katherine F. Gesmer, of Quincy,
Mass., Lucy N. Yakim, of South Deerfield, Mass., Ann W. Lake, of
Dedham, Mass., Susanne P. Shallna, of Boston, Mass., Marion D.
Gould, of Billerica, Mass., Mildred E. Bixby, of Boston, Mass., Anna
D. McInerny, of Dedham, Mass., Gladys M. Slowe, of Jamaica Plain,
Mass., Anna E. Hirsch, of Dedham, Mass., Ann Carey Curley, of
Boston, Mass., Nellie F. Malone, of Marlboro, Mass., Ethleen H.
Diver, of Lexington, Mass., Helen M. Degnan, of Boston, Mass.,
Mildred J. Hunter, of Duxbury, Mass., Elsie L. Cooper, of Boston,
Mass., Celia F. Blumerfield, of Brookline, Mass., I. Cyrille Geisinger,
of Boston, Mass., Julia Hoffman, of Chelsea, Mass., Rosalind Poll
Brooker, of New Bedford, Mass., Evelyn Hodsdon, of Belmont, Mass.,
Lillian Sorkin, of Brookline, Mass., Arlyne F. Hassett, of Boston,
Mass., Frances N. Whiting, of Haverhill, Mass., Helen M. Allen, of
Dedham, Mass., Florence P. Ferris, of Brookline, Mass., Theresa M.
Bohnenberger, of Boston, Mass., Marion L. Gaffney, of Malden, Mass.,
400278-57--77

MONDAY, MAY 20, 1957
291
Winifred B. Doherty, of Malden, Mass., Clare Stanton Nash, of Wey-
mouth, Mass., Miriam I. Flaherty, of Waltham, Mass., and Kathleen T
Ryan Dacey, of Boston, Mass., on motion of Mr. Leverett Saltonstall;
Charles Alan Wright, of Austin, Tex., and Will R. Wilson, Jr., of
Austin, Tex., on motion of Mr. Gray Thoron; J. Rainey Hancock, of
San Jose, Calif., on motion of Mr. Brice Wilson Rhyne; Joseph Mar-
shall, of Little Rock, Ark., on motion of Mr. Charles M. Munnecke;
Louis J. Goldberg, of East Orange, N. J., and Simon S. Gittleman,
of East Orange, N. J., on motion of Mr. Edward Schoen, Jr.; Chloe
E. Traylor, of Springfield, Ill., on motion of Mrs. Ida Simrall Als;
Sumter D. Marks, Jr., of New Orleans, La., on motion of Mr. James
H. McGlothlin; John S. Stevens, of Clayton, Mo., on motion of Mr.
Edward W. Garnholz; Joseph William Geary, Jr., of Dallas, Tex.,
and Donald E. Bilger, of Falls Church, Va., on motion of Mr. Harold
E. Mott; Samuel Bernard Solomon, of Atlanta, Ga., and George
Henry Tidwell, of Atlanta, Ga., on motion of Mr. Francis C. Browne;
Jerome Hillard Gerber, of Harrisburg, Pa., on motion of Mr. Gene
Edward Overbeck; James Parke Hackett, of Chicago, Ill., John W.
Dawson, Jr., of Philadelphia, Pa., and Martin Emilius Carlson, of
Arlington, Va., on motion of Mr. John W. Williams; Thomas Ran-
dolph Brooks, of Hyattsville, Md., on motion of Mr. J. Edwin Hutch-
inson; Harry Teichner, of Brooklyn, N. Y., Frank J. Santagata, of
Westbury, N. Y., Arthur Sylvester Devins, of Westbury, N. Y., and
Samuel Spevack, of Brooklyn, N. Y., on motion of Miss Fortune Rita
Vecchiarelli; John Mercer Burrell, of Newark, N. J., and Herbert
Holmes Tate, of Newark, N. J., on motion of Mr. James Theo Wright;
James Robert Baird, Jr., of Los Angeles, Calif., on motion of Mr.
George P. Lamb; Anthony R. Occhipinti, of New Orleans, La., and
Preston H. Hufft, of New Orleans, La., on motion of Mr. Albert Byrne
Litschgi; Edson Abel, of Middletown, Calif., on motion of Mr. Willis
Riley Deming; John J. Mitchell, of New York, N. Y., on motion of
Mr. Robert T. Murphy; Walter M. Newman, of Pittsburgh, Pa., on
motion of Mr. Leonard E. Ackermann; Brooks Edwin Smith, of
Westbury, N. Y., on motion of Mr. John P. Randolph; Adrian J.
O'Kane, of New York, N. Y., Elliott B. Nixon, of New York, N. Y.,
and Richard W. Palmer, of New York, N. Y., on motion of Mr. John
Franklin Fort; John R. Elliott, of Phoenix, Ariz., and Daniel F. Crac-
chiolo, of Phoenix, Ariz., on motion of Mr. Roy Dean Burch; Leonard
Francis Jansen, of Ritzville, Wash., on motion of Mr. Preston B.
Kavanagh; Herbert Young Cho Choy, of Honolulu, T. H., on motion
of Mr. Joseph A. Fanelli; Arthur S. Harrison, of Blytheville, Ark.,
and Max B. Harrison, of Blytheville, Ark., on motion of Mr. Edwin
D. Dupree, Jr.; C. W. Wellen, of Houston, Tex., and Leonard Guy
Clinton, Jr., of Houston, Tex., on motion of Mr. John C. White;
Wilbur Daniels, of New York, N. Y., on motion of Mr. Morris P.

MONDAY, MAY 20, 1957
292
Glushien; Joseph T. Higgins, of New York, N. Y., on motion of Mr.
George R. Sherriff; Morris Hodges, of Columbus, Tex., E. A. Arnim,
of Flatonia, Tex., and James M. (Mac) Umstattd, of Austin, Tex.,
on motion of Mr. Arthur C. Perry; Lea S. Singer, of Brooklyn, N. Y.,
Florence K. Dumanis, of Flushing, N. Y., Sadie Baris Turak, of
Jackson Heights, N. Y., Anita Streep, of New York, N. Y., Rose Korn
Hirschman, of Mt. Vernon, N. Y., Sylvia Gross Fuerst, of Forest
Hills, N. Y., Harriette B. Norris, of Hempstead, N. Y., Helen L.
Kirby, of Richmond Hill, N. Y., Dorothy M. Hannigan, of New
York, N. Y., Yorka Condeles, of Jamaica, N. Y., Florence Ann
Carlsson, of East Meadow, N. Y., Katherine B. Maccaro, of Wantagh,
N. Y., Sally Edith Abelman, of Kew Gardens Hills, N. Y., Eleanor
B. Zipser, of New York, N. Y., Fannie Seigartel, of New York, N. Y.,
Mildred S. Siegel, of New York, N. Y., Dolores Halonski Neway,
of New York, N. Y., Beatrice S. Burstein, of New York, N. Y., Edith
L. Hendon, of New York, N. Y., Blanche L. Livingston, of New York,
N. Y., Bernadette Dolan, of New York, N. Y., Dorothy Barko, of
New York, N. Y., Clara Fischer, of New York, N. Y., E. Sydelle
Rinadli, of Brooklyn, N. Y., and Florence G. Siegfried, of Brooklyn,
N. Y., on motion of Mr. William B. Groat, Jr., were admitted to
practice.
The Chief Justice said:
"The orders of the Court appear upon the list certified by the Chief
Justice and filed with the Clerk and will not be announced orally."
No. 728. Lewis D. Barton, District Director, United States Immi-
gration and Naturalization Service, District No. 11, appellant, v.
Antonia Sentner; and
No. 784. Antonia Sentner, appellant, v. Lewis D. Barton, District
Director, United States Immigration and Naturalization Service, Dis-
trict No. 11. Appeals from the United States District Court for the
Eastern District of Missouri. Per Curiam: The judgment is affirmed.
See United States v. Witkovich, 353 U. S. 194.
Mr. Justice Burton and Mr. Justice Clark dissent. They would
note jurisdiction of this appeal and afford the Attorney General an
opportunity to present the Government's side of this important in-
ternal security problem. United States v. Witkovich, supra, in which
they dissented, limited § 242 (d) (3) of the Immigration and Na-
tionality Act of 1952, 66 Stat. 211, as amended, 8 U. S. C. (Supp. IV.)
§ 1252 (d) (3), “to authorizing all questions reasonably calculated to
keep the Attorney General advised regarding the continued avail-
ability for departure of aliens ***" It passed on clause (3) and no
other. This appeal involves other clauses of § 242 (d), namely,
clauses (1) and (4), neither of which was passed on in Witkovich.
The Court, by summary affirmance of this appeal, without argument,

MONDAY, MAY 20, 1957
293
enlarges its holding in Witkovich and strikes down two more clauses
of § 242 (d). These two clauses are vital to the effectuation of the
purpose of the Congress in controlling subversives whose ordered de-
portation has been forestalled by technical difficulties. For a more
detailed discussion see their dissent in Witkovich.
No. 843. William R. Mestice, appellant, v. Borough of Neptune
City, a Municipal Corporation of the State of New Jersey, and Wil-
liam R. Taylor. Appeal from the United States Court of Appeals
for the Third Circuit. Per Curiam: The motion to dismiss is granted
and the appeal is dismissed for want of jurisdiction. Mr. Justice
Brennan took no part in the consideration or decision of this case.
No. 845. George F. Sack, appellant, v. The State of Oregon. Ap-
peal from the Supreme Court of Oregon. Per Curiam: The motion to
dismiss is granted and the appeal is dismissed for want of jurisdiction.
Treating the papers whereon the appeal was taken as a petition for
writ of certiorari, certiorari is denied.
No. 866. Sun Oil Company, appellant, v. State Mineral Board and
Alice J. Miller. Appeal from the Supreme Court of Louisiana. Per
Curiam: The appeal is dismissed for want of a substantial federal
question.
No. 618, Misc. Roger Touhy, appellant, v. People of the State of
Illinois. Appeal from the Supreme Court of Illinois. Per Curiam:
The appeal is dismissed for want of a substantial federal question.
No. 668. Herman A. Beilan, petitioner, v. Board of Public Educa-
tion, School District of Philadelphia. Petition for writ of certiorari
to the Supreme Court of Pennsylvania, Eastern District, granted.
No. 885. United States of America, petitioner, v. William V.
Massei. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of
Appeals for the First Circuit granted. Case transferred to the sum-
mary calendar and assigned for argument immediately following No. 794.
No. 781. Pittsburgh-Erie Saw Corporation, petitioner, v. Southern
Saw Service, Inc.; and
No. 876. Southern Saw Service, Inc., petitioner, v. Pittsburgh-Erie
Saw Corporation. Petitions for writs of certiorari to the United
States Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 879. George Atterbury petitioner, v. Joseph E. Ragen, Warden,
Illinois State Penitentiary, et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to
the United States Court of Appeals for the Seventh Circuit denied.

MONDAY, MAY 20, 1957
294
No. 882. Enterprise Industries, Inc., petitioner, v. The Texas Com-
pany. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of
Appeals for the Second Circuit denied.
No. 886. Lucille H. Burch, petitioner, v. Reading Company. Peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for
the Third Circuit denied.
No. 889. Kenneth Talley, petitioner, v. Sears, Roebuck & Co. Pe-
tition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 890. Randall J. LeBoeuf, Jr., Horace R. Lamb, Adrian C
Leiby, et al., petitioners, v. Carl J. Austrian, Surviving Trustee of
Central States Electric Corporation, a Corporation, Debtor. Peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for
the Fourth Circuit denied.
No. 930. Ira Lee Burch, petitioner, v. The Hibernia Bank, Rich-
field Oil Corporation, Hancock Oil Corporation, et al. Petition for
writ of certiorari to the District Court of Appeal of California, Sec-
ond Appellate District, denied.
No. 940. State of Tennessee Board of Education, petitioner, v.
Ruth Booker et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United
States Court of Appeals for the Sixth Circuit denied.
No. 960. William Stanger Gray, one of Lloyd's Underwriters, and
Orion Insurance Company, Ltd., Insurance Company Member of the
Institute of London Underwriters, petitioners, v. New York, New
Haven and Hartford Railroad Company. Petition for writ of cer-
tiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit
denied.
No. 878. Milton D. Hartman, George Hartman, Jane I. Hartman,
et al., petitioners, v. Fred J. Lauchli, Trustee of the Hartman Cor-
poration of America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United
States Court of Appeals for the Eighth Circuit denied. Mr. Justice
Whittaker took no part in the consideration or decision of this appli-
cation.
No. 321. Ruby Nell Thomson, petitioner, v. Texas & Pacific Rail-
way Company; and
No. 824. Stella C. Davis and Betty Horrigan, petitioners, v₂ Ray
M. Foreman and United States of America. Petitions for rehearing
denied.
No. 351, Misc. Claudio Gonzalez Rodriguez, petitioner, v. United
States of America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United
States Court of Appeals for the First Circuit denied.

MONDAY, MAY 20, 1957
295
No. 454, Misc. George Kelly, petitioner, v. State of Illinois. Pe-
tition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Illinois denied.
No. 468, Misc. Hamp Young, petitioner, v. O. B. Ellis, General
Manager, Texas Prison System. Petition for writ of certiorari to
the Court of Criminal Appeals of Texas denied.
No. 499, Misc. Monroe Robinson, petitioner, v. People of the State
of Michigan. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court
of Michigan denied.
No. 582, Misc. Henry Mashburn, petitioner, v. O. B. Ellis, General
Manager, Texas Prison System. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
Court of Criminal Appeals of Texas denied.
No. 596, Misc. William W. Harley, petitioner, v. United States of
America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court
of Appeals for the District of Columbia Circuit denied.
No. 611, Misc. Jesse Hill, petitioner, v. United States of America.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the Seventh Circuit denied.
No. 633, Misc. Anfield Bowers, petitioner, v. People of the State of
Pennsylvania. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court
of Pennsylvania, Eastern District, denied.
No. 636, Misc. Elbert Riddle, petitioner, v. H. C. McLeod, Warden.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the Tenth Circuit denied.
No. 638, Misc. Lawrence Carroll, petitioner, v. Robert E. Murphy,
Warden. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court
of Appeals for the Second Circuit denied.
No. 650, Misc. Bernard Lee Ball, petitioner, v. The State of Wash-
ington et al. Petitioner for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court
of Washington denied.
No. 653, Misc. Clarence Shell, petitioner, v. State of Missouri. Pe-
tition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Missouri denied.
No. 668, Misc. William Adolph Lempia, petitioner, v. Robert A.
Heinze, Warden, et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme
Court of California denied.
No. 672, Misc. Earl Commack, petitioner, v. The State of Michi-
gan. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Michigan
and the Circuit Court of the County of Jackson, Michigan, denied.
No. 673, Misc. John Alfred Weaver and William Thomas Mitchell,
petitioners, v. The State of Illinois. Petition for writ of certiorari
to the Supreme Court of Illinois denied.
No. 689, Misc. Tony De Angelo, petitioner, v. United States of
America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court
of Appeals for the Second Circuit denied.

MONDAY, MAY 20, 1957
296
No. 691, Misc. Patrick Halley, petitioner, v. United States of
America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court
of Appeals for the Second Circuit denied.
No. 699, Misc. Donald Douglas, petitioner, v. The People of the
State of New York. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Appellate
Division of the Supreme Court of New York, Fourth Judicial De-
partment, denied.
No. 702, Misc. Roy G. Weller, Sr., petitioner, v. State of Maryland
et al.;
No. 708, Misc. Joseph A. Horner, petitioner, v. W. Frank Smyth,
Jr., Superintendent of the Virginia State Penitentiary;
No. 712, Misc. Eugene L. Burkhart, petitioner, v. State of Mary-
land et al.;
No. 716, Misc. William R. Bell, petitioner, v. State of Maryland
et al.; and
No. 734, Misc. J. Norman Stone, petitioner, v. Norbert E. Tuck,
Sheriff of Laramie County, Wyoming. Motions for leave to file peti-
tions for writs of habeas corpus denied.
The Court will take a recess from today until Monday, May 27, next.
Adjourned until Monday, May 27, next, at 12 o'clock.
☑

MONDAY, MAY 27, 1957
297
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: Mr. Chief Justice Warren, Mr. Justice Black, Mr. Justice
Frankfurter, Mr. Justice Douglas, Mr. Justice Clark, Mr. Justice
Burton, Mr. Justice Harlan, Mr. Justice Brennan, and Mr. Justice
Whittaker.
William Maxwell MacKenzie, Jr., of Clearwater, Fla., Ralph C.
Jackson, of Meadville, Mo., James Middleton Stevens, of Tarpon
Springs, Fla., Leonard Edward Abel, of Miami Beach, Fla., Marvel
M. Taylor, of San Francisco, Calif., Myrtle Bernice Stryker, of
Chicago, Ill., Benjamin Adler, of New York, N. Y., Gustave George
Rosenberg, of New York, N. Y., Brainerd Currie, of Chicago, Ill.,
William B. Gannon, of Summit, N. J., Kathryn G. Sugrue, of New-
ark, N. J., James A. Dowd, of Newark, N. J., Douglas J. Haberstroh,
of Summit, N. J., Richard S. Rhodes, of Michigan City, Ind., John
Scott Phillips. of Chillicothe, Ohio, Robert L. Perdue, of Chillicothe,
Ohio, Howard Goldsberry, of Chillicothe, Ohio, Byron Dwight Blair,
of Chillicothe, Ohio, John Erwin Wissler, of Chillicothe, Ohio, Joseph
George Kear, of Chillicothe, Ohio, J. F. Cutright, of Chillicothe, Ohio,
Cecil Stanley Blair, of Chillicothe, Ohio, William Charles Boulger,
of Chillicothe, Ohio, Phil Delano Butler, of Chillicothe, Ohio, Alvin
W. Jones, of Chillicothe, Ohio, Frank Simpson, of Chillicothe, Ohio,
Gerald Eugene Radcliffe, of Chillicothe, Ohio, Don Charles Patter-
son, of Adelphi, Ohio, William Edward Sammons, Jr., of Chillicothe,
Ohio, William Wallace Stanhope, of Chillicothe, Ohio, James Marr
Cutright, of Chillicothe, Ohio, Harold S. Klein, of New York, N. Y.,
Laurence Bache Rossbach, Jr., of New York, N. Y., Ralph Heyman,
of New York, N. Y., Lawrence W. Silverman, of New York. N. Y.,
Harold Nordlicht, of New York, N. Y., Louis April, of New York,
N. Y., Herman Mandel Koenigsberg, of New York, N. Y., Gloria
D. R. Berkeley, of New York, N. Y., Frank C. McDermott, of Brook-
lyn, N. Y., Helene Eve Zimmerman, of New York, N. Y., Cecelia M.
Esposito, of Brooklyn, N. Y., Leonardo Richard Fodera, of New
York, N. Y., Martin M. Connors, of New York, N. Y., Rose M. Trap-
ani, of New York, N. Y., Robert A. Carroll, of New York, N. Y.,
Bertram Katz, of New York, N. Y., Rita D. Schechter, of New York,
N. Y., Samuel Newfield, of New York, N. Y., Nathan Benjamin Fogel-
sou, of New York, N. Y., Carl L. V. Exselsen, of New York, N. Y.,
Jacob Frummer, of Brooklyn, N. Y., Lucien R. LeLievre, of New
York, N. Y., Charles M. Lee, of New York, N. Y., Harry J. Hannon,
of New York, N. Y., and Hugh Huebner Harman, of New York, N. Y.,
400278-57-78

MONDAY, MAY 27, 1957
298
on motion of Mr. Solicitor General James Lee Rankin; Owen Alfred
Bartlett, of Los Angeles, Calif., and Alfredo Victor Falcone, of Los
Angeles, Calif., on motion of Mr. Victor R. Hansen; George Martin
Dell, of Los Angeles, Calif., and Don S. Willner, of Portland, Oreg.,
on motion of Mr. Wayne Lyman Morse; Paul F. Kinnare, of Chicago,
Ill., on motion of Mr. Charles A. Boyle; Gordon Brooks Wheeler,
of Grand Rapids, Mich., on motion of Mr. Lewis George Meader; Don
Martinson, of Vista, Calif., on motion of Mr. James B. Utt; Gussie
Kleiman, of New York, N. Y., on motion of Mr. Frederick Bernays
Wiener; Harry S. Baxter, of Atlanta, Ga., on motion of Mr. Jas.
C. Davis; Michael Kranson, of Detroit, Mich., on motion of Mr. John
R. Bronaugh; A. B. White, of Houston, Tex., and Walter Wm. Ells-
worth, Jr., of Lakeland, Fla., on motion of Mr. Mastin G. White;
Joe E. Covington, of Fayetteville, Ark., on motion of Mr. Floyd Lee
Williams, Jr.; Sheldon Z. Kaplan, of Boston, Mass., on motion of
Mr. Armistead I. Selden, Jr.; William Jackson Jones, of Commerce,
Ga., on motion of Mr. Charles J. Zinn; Andrew J. Dritsas, of New
York, N. Y., and Albert Barnett Klepper, of New York, N. Y., on
motion of Mr. Harry Arthur Calevas; Keesler Hart Montgomery, of
Boston, Mass., on motion of Mr. Armond W. Scott; Henry A. Lowen-
berg, of New York, N. Y., on motion of Mr. Charles E. Ford; Erwin
Magenheim, of Yonkers, N. Y., and Robert Schwab, of Sacramento,
Calif., on motion of Mr. David Peterman; Sidney Schwartzreich, of
New York, N. Y., and Bernard Sherl, of New York, N. Y., on motion
of Mr. Laurence H. Axman; George E. Lusk, Jr., of Little Rock,
Ark., on motion of Mr. Ellis N. Slack; Marjorie Squire Jaros, of
Bloomfield Hills, Mich., and Casimer S. Jaros, of Bloomfield Hills,
Mich., on motion of Mr. Leo A. Rosetta; Ralph Plofsky, of White
Plains, N. Y., on motion of Mr. Harvey Rosenberg; William R. Fred-
man, of San Luis Obispo, Calif., on motion of Mr. Sol M. Alpher;
Dale G. Casto, of Charleston, W. Va., and Robert H. C. Kay, of
Charleston, W. Va., on motion of Mr. I. Martin Leavitt; Samuel Jacob
Harris, of Buffalo, N. Y., on motion of Mr. John Lord O'Brian;
William J. McGinley, of Brooklyn, N. Y., Emanuel A. Herz, of
Brooklyn, N. Y., Vincent Salvatore De Vita, of Brooklyn, N. Y.,
Arthur E. Flood, of Brooklyn, N. Y., Joseph W. Pfister, of Brook-
lyn, N. Y., Matthew P. Brady, of Bethpage, N. Y., William T. Staple-
ton, of Brooklyn, N. Y., Armand J. Starace, of Brooklyn, N. Y., and
Hugo S. Puglia, of New York, N. Y., on motion of Mr. John Cincotta ;
Robert James Novins, of Toms River, N. J., and William E. O'Con-
nor, Jr., of Toms River, N. J., on motion of Mr. Robert F. Novins;
John William Storer, Jr., of Chicago, Ill., on motion of Mr. Harold
G. Hernly; Frederick Zazove, of Chicago, Ill., Ray Garrett, Jr., of
Evanston, Ill., and Norman D. Finkel, of Chicago, Ill., on motion of
Mr. Solomon Freedman; Ann Kimsey Frazier, of Washington, D. C.,

MONDAY, MAY 27, 1957
299
on motion of Mr. Miles Dorwin Pillars; John Howard Wrighten, of
Charleston, S. C., on motion of Mr. James W. Cobb; John R. Tozzi,
of Plainfield, N. J., and Robert M. Read, of Plainfield, N. J., on mo-
tion of Mr. George F. Hetfield; Theodore Thomas Cowgill, of Chicago,
Ill., on motion of Mr. James A. Murray; Clifford A. Davis, of Wash-
ington, D. C., on motion of Mr. Thomas J. O'Connell; Earle V. White,
of Portland, Oreg., on motion of Mr. Edward H. DeGroot, Jr.; James
L. Deegan, of LeMars, Iowa, on motion of Mr. Seymour Wenner;
Jacob J. Greenman, of Newark, N. J., and Murray G. Simon, of
Newark, N. Y., on motion of Mr. Nathan Cholodenko; Cary M.
Euwer, of Upper Marlboro, Md., on motion of Mr. William Stanley,
Jr.; Herman G. Schwarz, of New York, N. Y., Nathan Frankel, of
New York, N. Y., and Reuben Barshay, of New York, N. Y., on mo-
tion of Mr. Sidney Kelly, Jr.; James B. Pierce, of Washington, D. C.,
and Joseph A. Kurz, of Takoma Park, Md., on motion of Mr. Robert
B. Harmon; Nelson B. Alderman Hunt, of Cincinnati, Ohio, on mo-
tion of Mr. Edward Schoen, Jr.; Wayne M. Wright, of Seattle, Wash.,
on motion of Mr. John J. Mitchell; Edward M. Farrell, of Wood-
lynne, N. J., on motion of Mr. Roland A. Linger; and John A. Cas-
taldi, of New York, N. Y., Salvatore P. Conza, Jr., of New York,
N. Y., Anthony Persico, of New York, N. Y., John J. Santucci, of
New York, N. Y., Nicholas F. Dizozza, of New York, N. Y., Joseph
J. Pettinato, of Astoria, N. Y., Louis F. DeSena, of New York, N. Y.,
Joseph P. Addabbo, of New York, N. Y., Louis Cappuccio, of New
York, N. Y., Joseph L. Saladino, of New York, N. Y., Vincent Bus-
cemi, of New York, N. Y., Frank J. Losito, of New York, N. Y.,
Americus S. Vicari, of New York, N. Y., Benjamin V. Russo, of
New York, N. Y., Carl E. Tavolacci, of New York, N. Y., Salvatore
T. DeMatteo, of New York, N. Y., Joseph J. Gentile, of New York,
N. Y., David A. Haken, of New York, N. Y., Herman Haken of New
York, N. Y., Carl L. Fabbroni, of New York, N. Y., and Frank P.
DeLuca, of New York, N. Y., on motion of Mr. John F. Scileppi,
were admitted to practice.
No. 403. Henry Ragonton Rabang, petitioner, v. John P. Boyd,
District Director, Immigration and Naturalization Service. On writ
of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the Ninth
Circuit. The judgment of the Court of Appeals is affirmed and the
case is remanded to the United States District Court for the Western
District of Washington. Opinion by Mr. Justice Brennan. Dis-
senting opinion by Mr. Justice Douglas.
No. 183. Henry W. Grunewald, petitioner, v. United States of
America;

MONDAY, MAY 27, 1957
300
No. 184. Max Halperin, petitioner, v. United States of America;
and
No. 186. Daniel A. Bolich, petitioner, v. United States of America.
On writs of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the
Second Circuit. Judgments reversed and the cases remanded to the
United States District Court for the Southern District of New York
for further proceedings consistent with the opinion of this Court.
Opinion by Mr. Justice Harlan. Concurring opinion by Mr. Justice
Black with whom Mr. Chief Justice Warren, Mr. Justice Douglas,
and Mr. Justice Brennan join.
No. 64. Libson Shops, Inc., petitioner, v. Gustave F. Koehler, Dis-
trict Director of Internal Revenue. On writ of certiorari to the
United States Court of Appeals for the Eighth Circuit. Judgment
affirmed and case remanded to the United States District Court for
the Eastern District of Missouri. Opinion by Mr. Justice Burton.
Mr. Justice Douglas dissents. Mr. Justice Whittaker took no part
in the consideration or decision of this case.
No. 430. Sam Achilli, petitioner, v. United States of America; and
No. 834. Sam Achilli, petitioner, v. United States of America. On
writs of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the
Seventh Circuit. Judgments affirmed and cases remanded to the
United States District Court for the Northern District of Illinois.
Opinion by Mr. Justice Frankfurter. Mr. Chief Justice Warren and
Mr. Justice Clark concur in the result. Dissenting opinion by Mr.
Justice Douglas with whom Mr. Justice Black concurs.
The Chief Justice said:
"The orders of the Court appear upon the list certified by the Chief
Justice and filed with the Clerk and will not be announced orally."
No. 791. Stella C. Davis and Betty Horrigan, appellants, v. Elliott
W. Seymour. Appeal from the United States District Court for the
Northern District of California. Per Curiam: The motion to dismiss
is granted and the appeal is dismissed for want of jurisdiction.
No. 818. Teamsters, Chauffeurs, Helpers & Taxicab Drivers, Local
Union No. 327, et al., petitioners, v. Kerrigan Iron Works, Inc., et al.
On petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals of Ten-
nessee, Middle Division. Per Curiam: The petition for writ of cer-
tiorari is granted and the judgment of the Court of Appeals of Ten-
nessee is reversed. Weber v. Anheuser-Busch, Inc., 348 U. S. 468;
General Drivers, etc., et al. v. American Tobacco Co., Inc., 348 U. S.
978.
No. 823. Federal Trade Commission, petitioner, v. James H. Sewell,
Doing Business as Burns Cuboid Company. On petition for writ

MONDAY, MAY 27, 1957
301
of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the Ninth
Circuit. Per Curiam: The petition for writ of certiorari is granted
and the judgment is reversed. The case is remanded with directions
to affirm and enforce the order of the Federal Trade Commission.
Federal Trade Commission v. Standard Education Society, 302 U. S.
112, 113–17; Federal Trade Commission v. Algoma Lumber Co., 291
U. S. 67, 73.
No. 891. Local Union 429, International Brotherhood of Electrical
Workers, A. F. of L., an Unincorporated Labor Organization, et al.,
petitioners, v. Farnsworth & Chambers Company, Inc., a Corpora-
tion Organized under the Laws of the State of Delaware. On peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Tennessee, Middle
District. Per Curiam: The petition for writ of certiorari is granted
and the judgment of the Supreme Court of Tennessee is reversed.
Weber v. Anheuser-Busch, Inc., 348 U. S. 468; Garner v. Teamsters
Union, 346 U. S. 485.
No. 692, Misc. Charles S. White, appellant, v. People of the State
of New York. Appeal from the Court of Appeals of New York.
Per Curiam: The appeal is dismissed for want of jurisdiction.
Treating the papers whereon the appeal was taken as a petition for
writ of certiorari, certiorari is denied.
No. 11. United States Gypsum Company, appellant, v. National
Gypsum Company et al. The motion of appellee, National Gypsum
Company, to retax costs is denied. Mr. Justice Clark and Mr. Justice
Whittaker took no part in the consideration or decision of this motion.
No. 561. Aurex Corporation and Walter H. Huth, petitioners, v.
Beltone Hearing Aid Company. The motion to recall notice of denial
of certiorari and to amend order denying certiorari is denied. Mr.
Justice Whittaker took no part in the consideration or decision of this
motion.
No. 797. Cities Service Gas Company, a Corporation, appellant, v.
State Corporation Commission of Kansas et al. Appeal from the
Supreme Court of Kansas. The motion to substitute Marion Beatty,
as Chairman and Harry G. Wiles, as a Member of State Corpora-
tion Commission of Kansas, in the place and stead of Harry Snyder,
Jr., and John I. Young, respectively, is granted. In this case prob-
able jurisdiction is noted.
No. 906. Parmelee Transportation Co. et al., appellants, v. The
Atchison, Topeka and Santa Fe Railway Co., et al. Appeal from and
petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the Seventh Circuit. Further consideration of the question of
400278-57--79

MONDAY, MAY 27, 1957
302
jurisdiction is postponed to the hearing of the case on the merits.
Counsel are invited to discuss the following jurisdictional issues:
1. Whether Parmelee Transportation Co. has standing to seek re-
view here on appeal or by writ of certiorari.
2. Whether the judgment of the Court of Appeals is "final" so as
to permit review by way of appeal under 28 U. S. C. § 1254 (2). Cf.
Slaker v. O'Connor, 278 U. S. 188, 189; South Carolina Electric &
Gas Co. v. Flemming, 351 U. S. 901.
No. 846. National Association for the Advancement of Colored
People, a Corporation, petitioner, v. State of Alabama, ex rel. John
Patterson, Attorney General. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
Supreme Court of Alabama granted.
No. 897. Gilbert Green and Henry Winston, petitioners, v. United
States of America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United
States Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit granted.
No. 904. United States of America, petitioner, v. C. M. Dow. Peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for
the Fifth Circuit granted.
No. 905. City of Chicago, a Municipal Corporation, petitioner, v.
The Atchison, Topeka and Santa Fe Railway Company; the Balti-
more and Ohio Railway Company; et al. Petition for writ of cer-
tiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the Seventh Circuit
granted.
No. 744, Misc. Alvaro Alcorta, petitioner, v. The State of Texas.
Motion for stay of execution of the death sentence granted. Motion
for leave to proceed in forma pauperis and petition for writ of cer-
tiorari to the Court of Criminal Appeals of Texas granted. Case
transferred to the appellate docket and assigned for argument during
the week of October 14, 1957.
No. 881. H. H. Keeton, Sr., Trading and Doing Business as Vir-
ginia Auto Top Company, petitioner, v. United States of America.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the Fourth Circuit denied.
No. 888. First National Bank in Indiana, Pennsylvania, petitioner,
v. Bank of America National Trust and Savings Association; and
No. 975. Gilbert Parnell, petitioner, v. Bank of America National
Trust and Savings Association. Petitions for writs of certiorari to
the United States Court of Appeals for the Third Circuit denied.
No. 902. Abe Ivicola, Angelo Chieppa, Anthony Petti, and Joseph
D. Polverino, petitioners, v. United States of America. Petition for

MONDAY, MAY 27, 1957
303
writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the
Second Circuit denied.
No. 908. George Edward Leonard, petitioner, v. The United States.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Claims
denied.
No. 909. Adolphus Hohensee, an Individual, El Rancho Adolphus
Products, Inc., et al., petitioners, v. United States of America. Peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for
the Third Circuit denied.
No. 912. Krey Packing Company, petitioner, v. United States of
America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court
of Appeals for the Eighth Circuit denied.
No. 915. Blondeva Atkins, petitioner, v. United States of America.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 920. Alva G. Blanchard, petitioner, v. City of Shreveport. Pe-
tition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Louisiana denied.
No. 922. Arthur Thomas Lelles, petitioner, v. United States of
America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court
of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit denied.
No. 926. J. S. Edmunds, J. L. Edmunds, and J. W. Edmunds, Co-
Partners Doing Business as J. S. Edmunds and Sons, petitioners, v.
Ralston Purina Company. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
United States Court of Appeals for the Fourth Circuit denied.
No. 928. Richard W. Buer, petitioner, v. United States of America.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the Seventh Circuit denied.
No. 944. Add Evans, petitioner, v. United States of America. Peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for
the Sixth Circuit denied.
No. 951. Ralph Shinaberry, petitioner, v. United States of Amer-
ica, Acting Through the County Production and Marketing Adminis-
tration Committee for Hillsdale County, State of Michigan. Petition
for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the
Sixth Circuit denied.
No. 957. Joseph Cioffi, petitioner, v. United States of America. Pe-
tition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the Second Circuit denied.
No. 959. C. R. Underwood et al., petitioners, v. Knox Glass Bottle
Company et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court
of Mississippi denied.

MONDAY, MAY 27, 1957
304
No. 961. Flynn & Emrich Company, petitioner, v. Henry B. Green-
wood and Greenwood Engineering Company, Inc. Petition for writ
of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the Fourth
Circuit denied.
No. 603. H. L. Verhaagen, James E. Cross, Jr., C. F. Griffin, et al.,
petitioners, v. Sherwood Reeder, City Manager of the City of Nor-
folk, et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of
Appeals of Virginia denied. Mr. Justice Black took no part in the
consideration or decision of this application.
No. 913. American Surety Company of New York, petitioner, v.
Mrs. Thelma Weber. Motion to dispense with printing the response
granted. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court
of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 919. Morris E. Adams, petitioner, v. The United States. Mo-
tion to dispense with printing of the petition granted. Petition for
writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Claims denied.
No. 945. Newell M. Hargett, petitioner, v. Arthur E. Summerfield,
Individually and as Postmaster General of the United States of
America, et al. Motion for writ of injunction and petition for writ
of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the District
of Columbia Circuit denied.
No. 751. Mutual Shoe Company, petitioner, v. Commissioner of In-
ternal Revenue;
No. 813. Harvey Milner et al., petitioners, v. United States of
America;
No. 440, Misc. Joseph Jakalski, petitioner, v. United States of
America;
No. 523, Misc. Eugene Holloman, petitioner, v. R. L. Jarnagin,
Chairman, Board Veteran's Appeals; and
No. 625, Misc. Willie L. McClure, petitioner, v. Robert A. Heinze,
Warden. Petitions for rehearing denied.
No. 312, October Term, 1955. The United States, petitioner, v. The
Ohio Power Company. Motion for consideration by the full Court
and petition for rehearing denied. Mr. Justice Brennan and Mr.
Justice Whittaker took no part in the consideration or decision of this
motion and application.
No. 621. Anna Preisler, petitioner, v. United States of America.
Motion for leave to file petition for rehearing out of time denied. Mr.
Justice Whittaker took no part in the consideration or decision of this
motion.

MONDAY, MAY 27, 1957
305
No. 773. National Hells Canyon Association, Inc., Lewis County
Public Utility District, et al., petitioners, v. Federal Power Commis-
sion and Idaho Power Company. Motion of petitioners for leave to
file supplement to petition for rehearing granted. Petition for re-
hearing denied.
No. 852. Adrian Scott, petitioner, v. RKO Radio Pictures, a Cor-
poration. Petition for rehearing denied. Mr. Justice Clark took no
part in the consideration or decision of this application.
No. 617, Misc. Rayfield Carter, petitioner, v. United States of
America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court
of Appeals for the District of Columbia Circuit denied.
No. 651, Misc. Leonard Williams, petitioner, v. United States of
America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court
of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 662, Misc. Frank Buzzie, petitioner, v. Robert A. Heinze,
Warden. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of
California denied.
No. 703, Misc. Frank Lopez, petitioner, v. The People of the State
of Illinois. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of
Illinois and the Criminal Court of Cook County, Illinois, denied.
No. 705, Misc. James A. Tudor, petitioner, v. Merle E. Schneckloth,
Superintendent of the Washington State Penitentiary. Petition for
writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Washington denied.
No. 706, Misc. Jack E. Duncan, petitioner, v. Merle E. Schneckloth,
Superintendent of the Washington State Penitentiary. Petition for
writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Washington denied.
No. 711, Misc. Henry Baxton, petitioner, v. The People of the State
of Illinois. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of
Illinois denied.
No. 714, Misc. George Phillips, petitioner, v. Lee B. Mailler, Chair-
man, and Others Constituting the Parole Board of the State of
New York, et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court
of New York, Schenectady County, denied.
No. 731, Misc. J. C. Archie, petitioner, v. Joseph D. Bibb, Director
of the Department of Public Safety, et al. Petition for writ of cer-
tiorari to the Supreme Court of Illinois denied.
No. 657, Misc. Roy Douglas, petitioner, v. Donald F. Lybarger,
Judge Common Pleas Court of Cuyahoga County, Ohio, et al. Mo-
tion for leave to file petition for writ of mandamus denied.

MONDAY, MAY 27, 1957
306
No. 720, Misc. Hunter Ervin, petitioner, v. C. H. Looney, Warden;
No. 727, Misc. Emil Brandley, petitioner, v. Commonwealth of
Pennsylvania; and
No. 730, Misc. Charles Williams, petitioner, v. Joseph E. Ragen,
Warden. Motions for leave to file petitions for writs of habeas corpus
denied.
The Court will take a recess from today until Monday, June 3,
next.
Adjourned until Monday, June 3, next, at 12 o'clock.

MONDAY, JUNE 3, 1957
307
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: Mr. Chief Justice Warren, Mr. Justice Black, Mr. Justice
Frankfurter, Mr. Justice Douglas, Mr. Justice Burton, Mr. Justice
Clark, Mr. Justice Harlan, Mr. Justice Brennan, and Mr. Justice
Whittaker.
Victor H. Beauzay, of San Jose, Calif., John Wilmar Jensen, of
Modesto, Calif., William Cato Cramer, of St. Petersburg, Fla., John
Bodner, Jr., of Washington, D. C., Prentice Clay Wilson, of Cin-
cinnati, Ohio, E. Allen Parker, of Cincinnati, Ohio, Milton S. Zeiberg,
of New York, N. Y., Bernard Joseph Waters, of Chicago, Ill., Robert
G. Simon, of New York, N. Y., Thomas F. Meehan, of New York,
N. Y., Thomas F. Howard, of Boston, Mass., William L. Murdock, of
Shreveport, La., J. Grant Moore, of Bedford, Ind., Joseph Lewis
Greene, of Los Angeles, Calif., Harry Branch Wood, of Richmond,
Va., Yancy M. Willoughby, or Arlington, Va., Harry J. Morgan, of
Arlington, Va., Oliver Tolerton Mansfield, of Washington, D. C.,
Maurice D. duBois, of Baltimore, Md., Paul F. Dougherty, of Wash-
ington, D. C., William A. Lamb, of Washington, D. C., Nathan Hoff-
man, of Atlantic City, N. J., William A. Denny, of Milwaukee, Wis.,
Harry J. Simon, of Long Beach, Calif., and Harrison E. Cass, of Des
Moines, Iowa, on motion of Mr. Solicitor General James Lee Rankin;
Phillip Doak Anderson, of West Palm Beach, Fla., on motion of Mr.
Paul G. Rogers; Wilbur F. Denious, Jr., of Denver, Colo., on motion
of Mr. Gordon L. Allott; Thomas Mathes Seay, of Amarillo, Tex., on
motion of Mr. Walter F. Rogers; Horace William Jordan, of Chicago,
Ill., on motion of Mr. Emmet F. Byrne; Thomas A. Foley, of Las
Vegas, Nev., on motion of Mr. Alan Bible; George Alexander Mc-
Almon, of El Paso, Tex., on motion of Mr. Ralph W. Yarborough;
Herbert Everett Proctor, Jr., of Wynne, Ark., on motion of Mr. E. C.
Gathings; J. Edward Hutchinson, of Fennville, Mich., and L. Harvey
Lodge, of Pontiac, Mich., on motion of Mr. Clare E. Hoffman; Doug-
las Channing Howard, of Tucson, Ariz., on motion of Mr. Stewart L.
Udall; Orest V. Maresca, of New York, N. Y., Morris Pinsley, of
New York, N. Y., Jack Chadrjian, of New York, N. Y., and Sidney W.
Cornfield, of New York, N. Y., on motion of Mr. Herbert Zelenko;
Lola Boswell, of Washington, D. C., on motion of Mrs. Maurine
Howard Abernathy; John Trubin, of New York, N. Y., and Samuel
A. Hirshowitz, of New York, N. Y., on motion of Mr. Sidney Kelly,
Jr.; Harold E. Kohn, of Philadelphia, Pa., on motion of Mr. William
T. Coleman, Jr.; Nathaniel L. Sunshine, of Newark, N. J., and Herbert
400278-57-80

MONDAY, JUNE 3, 1957
308
J. Slater, of Brooklyn, N. Y., on motion of Mr. John F. Cooney; Wil-
liam John Cavers, of St. Louis, Mo., on motion of Mr. James M.
Fitzpatrick; Gerolama M. Pelletteri, of New York, N. Y., Doris T.
Carlson, of Brooklyn, N. Y., Mary Egan, of New York, N. Y., Salva-
tore J. Iannucci, of New York, N. Y., and Harry S. Thau, of New
York, N. Y., on motion of Mr. Jacob Newman; Basil C. Clare, of
Chester, Pa., and John A. Reilly, of Chester, Pa., on motion of Mr.
Earl Hubert Davis; Morris B. Mitchell, Jr., of Houston, Tex., on
motion of Mr. James P. Burns; Lawrence Robert Caruso, of Falls
Church, Va., on motion of Mr. Charles L. Kent; William I. Leahy, of
Bethesda, Md., on motion of Mr. Max M. Kampelman; Robert W.
Durr, of Parsons, W. Va., on motion of Mr. William H. Clarke;
Frank Maxwell Whiting, of Lynchburg, Va., on motion of PGad
Bryan Morehouse; Paul M. Stewart, Jr., of Washington, D. C., on
motion of Mr. Alfred Long Scanlan; Fleeman H. Boney, of Summer-
ville, Ga., on motion of Mr. John Williams; Sim T. Carman, of
Pawhuska, Okla., and David M. Marshall, of Stuart, Fla., on motion
of Mr. Ralph A. Barney; Galen B. Hall, of Newark, N. J., Martin
Itzikman, of Newark, N. J., Anthony Nardolilli, of Jersey City, N. J.,
Seymour E. Siegel, of Elizabeth, N. J., Raymond E. Smitke, of Scotch
Plains, N. J., David B. Zurav, of Union, N. J., Bernard P. Escandon,
of Rahway, N. J., Herman M. Wilson, of Newark, N. J., Nathaniel
Alper, of Newark, N. J., and Walter J. Hudzin, of Jersey City, N. J.,
on motion of Mr. Aristo Dallavalle; E. N. Carpenter, II, of Wilming-
ton, Del., and Robert H. Richards, Jr., of Wilmington, Del., on
motion of Mr. William A. Sutherland; Henry A. Dudley, of Wash-
ington, D. C., John L. Kilcullen, of Washington, D. C., Robert R.
Hume, of New York, N. Y., and Charles B. Nye, of Durham, N. C., on
motion of Mr. O. P. Easterwood, Jr.; Fred J. Kugler, of Washington,
D. C., on motion of Mr. Herbert W. Gediman; Edward C. Dougherty,
of Miami, Fla., on motion of Mr. Charles Robert Norberg; Bernard
Kommel, of New York, N. Y., on motion of Mr. William R. Lichten-
berg; Edward Nathan Koppelman, of Cleveland, Ohio, on motion of
Mr. Edward M. English; Samuel E. Birdsong, Jr., of Jackson, Miss;
and Frederick G. Talabach, of Walpole, Mass., on motion of Mr. Don-
ald R. Simpson; Thomas Clinton Huey, of Warren, Ark., on motion
of Mr. Floyd Lee Williams, Jr.; Daniel J. LeFevre, of Winter Park,
Fla., on motion of Mr. James R. Golden; Lionel Bennett LeBel, of
Santa Monica, Calif., and Rolland A. Truman, of South Gate, Calif.,
on motion of Mr. Stewart French; Howard M. Weiss, of New York,
N. Y., and Lawrence J. Lieberman, of New York, N. Y., on motion
of Mr. Samuel Weiss; Abe Gollob, of Houston, Tex., on motion of
Mr. Milton K. Eckert; Carl A. Earles, of Los Angeles, Calif., on
motion of Mr. Barrington D. Parker; James Carroll, of Garden City,

MONDAY, JUNE 3, 1957
309
N. Y., on motion of Mr. John P. Southmayd; Thomas Clayton McKay,
of Chicago, Ill., Robert L. Wald, of Washington, D. C., and Charles
W. Mander, of Washington, D. C., on motion of Mr. Earl W. Kintner;
Lowell B. Mason, of Washington, D. C., on motion of Mr. John W.
Gwynne; Paul H. Long, of Oklahoma City, Okla., on motion of Mr.
Robert E. May; Robert J. Nordhaus, of Albuquerque, N. Mex., on
motion of Mr. Gerhard A. Gesell; Walter B. Smith, of Louisville, Ky.,
on motion of Mr. Robert Lynn Lancefield; Eugene E. Hines, of
Paducah, Ky., on motion of Mr. Samuel E. Blackham; Byron W.
McCullagh, of Minneapolis, Minn., on motion of Mr. Robert A. For-
sythe; Felix J. Bilgrey, of New York, N. Y., on motion of Mr. Herman
A. Greenberg; Richard H. Moore, of New York, N. Y., on motion of
Mr. Robert C. Barnard; James F. Thacher, of San Francisco, Calif.,
on motion of Mr. Paul Daniel; Charles Farrand Taplin, Jr., of Cleve-
land, Ohio, on motion of Mr. Nuel D. Belnap; John Rogers Carroll,
of Philadelphia, Pa., and William J. Woolston, of Philadelphia, Pa.,
on motion of Mr. Raymond J. Bradley; Esther Shandler, of Los
Angeles, Calif., on motion of Mr. Joseph Forer; Bernard Schwartz, of
New York, N. Y., on motion of Mr. John Mitchell; James T. Glavin,
of New York, N. Y., on motion of Mr. James Joseph Duncan; Saul
Marvin Schwartzbach, of Washington, D. C., on motion of Mr. Philip
Rosenfeld; and Richard J. Hackmeyer, of Clayton, Mo., and Allen
Harvey Surinsky, of Clayton, Mo., on motion of Mr. Richard Arens,
were admitted to practice.
No. 72. John M. Lehmann, Officer in Charge Immigration and
Naturalization Service, petitioner, v. United States of America, ex rel.
Bruno Carson or Bruno Carasaniti. On writ of certiorari to the
United States Court of Appeals for the Sixth Circuit. Judgment of
the Court of Appeals is reversed and case remanded to the United
States District Court for the Northern District of Ohio for proceed-
ings in conformity with the opinion of this Court. Opinion by Mr.
Justice Whittaker. Separate opinion by Mr. Justice Black, with
whom Mr. Justice Douglas concurs, in Nos. 72 and 435.
No. 435. John F. Mulcahey, District Director of Immigration and
Naturalization Service, Detroit District, petitioner, v. Guiseppe Cata-
lanotte. On writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the Sixth Circuit. Judgment of the Court of Appeals is reversed
and case remanded to the United States District Court for the Eastern
District of Michigan for proceedings in conformity with the opinion
of this Court. Opinion by Mr. Justice Whittaker. Separate opinion
by Mr. Justice Black, with whom Mr. Justice Douglas concurs, in Nos.
72 and 435.

MONDAY, JUNE 3, 1957
310
No. 3. United States of America, appellant, v. E. I. du Pont de
Nemours and Company et al. Appeal from the United States Dis-
trict Court for the Northern District of Illinois. Judgment reversed
and the case remanded to the United States District Court for a
determination after further hearing of the equitable relief necessary
and appropriate in the public interest to eliminate the effects of the
acquisition offensive to the statute in conformity with the opinion
of this Court. The motion of the appellees Christiana Securities
Company and Delaware Realty and Investment Company for dis-
missal of the appeal as to them is denied. They are retained as parties
pending determination by the District Court of the relief to be
granted. Opinion by Mr. Justice Brennan. Dissenting opinion by
Mr. Justice Burton with whom Mr. Justice Frankfurter joins. Mr.
Justice Clark, Mr. Justice Harlan, and Mr. Justice Whittaker took
no part in the consideration or decision of this case.
No. 23. Clinton E. Jencks, petitioner, v. United States of America.
On writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the
Fifth Circuit. Judgment reversed and case remanded to the United
States District Court for the Western District of Texas for proceed-
ings in conformity with the opinion of this Court. Opinion by Mr.
Justice Brennan. Mr. Justice Frankfurter joins the opinion of the
Court, but deeming that the questions relating to the instructions to
the jury should be dealt with, since a new trial has been directed, he
agrees with the respects in which, and the reasons for which, Mr.
Justice Burton finds them erroneous. Separate opinion by Mr. Jus-
tice Burton, with whom Mr. Justice Harlan joins, concurring in the
result. Dissenting opinion by Mr. Justice Clark. Mr. Justice Whit-
taker took no part in the consideration or decision of this case.
No. 619. Chester E. Jackson, petitioner, v. John C. Taylor, Acting
Warden. On writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the Third Circuit. Judgment affirmed and case remanded to the
United States District Court for the Middle District of Pennsylvania.
Opinion by Mr. Justice Clark. Dissenting opinion by Mr. Justice
Brennan with whom Mr. Chief Justice Warren, Mr. Justice Black,
and Mr. Justice Douglas join.
No. 620. Harriel L. Fowler, petitioner, v. Frederick H. Wilkinson,
Warden, United States Penitentiary, Atlanta, Georgia. On writ of
certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit.
Judgment affirmed and case remanded to the United States District
Court for the Northern District of Georgia. Opinion by Mr. Justice
Clark. Mr. Chief Justice Warren, Mr. Justice Black, Mr. Justice
Douglas, and Mr. Justice Brennan dissent for the reasons stated in the
dissenting opinion of Mr. Justice Brennan in No. 619, Jackson v.
Taylor, decided today.

MONDAY, JUNE 3, 1957
311
No. 385. State of California, petitioner, v. Harry Taylor et al. On
writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the Sev-
enth Circuit. Judgment of the Court of Appeals affirmed and case
remanded to the United States District Court for the Northern Dis-
trict of Illinois. Opinion by Mr. Justice Burton. Mr. Chief Justice
Warren took no part in the consideration or decision of this case.
No. 408. Pan-Atlantic Steamship Corporation, appellant, v.
Atlantic Coast Line Railroad Company et al.; and
No. 424. Interstate Commerce Commission, appellant, v. Atlantic
Coast Line Railroad Company et al. Appeals from the United States
District Court for the District of Massachusetts. Judgment reversed
and case remanded to the United States District Court for the District
of Massachusetts for proceedings in conformity with the opinion of
this Court. Opinion by Mr. Justice Douglas. Dissenting opinion by
Mr. Justice Burton with whom Mr. Justice Harlan and Mr. Justice
Whittaker join.
No. 211. Textile Workers Union of America, petitioner, v. Lincoln
Mills of Alabama. On writ of certiorari to the United States Court
of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit. Judgment reversed and case
remanded to the United States Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit
for proceedings in conformity with the opinion of this Court. Opin-
ion by Mr. Justice Douglas. Mr. Justice Frankfurter filed a dissent-
ing opinion in Nos. 211, 262, and 276. Separate opinion by Mr.
Justice Burton, with whom Mr. Justice Harlan joins, concurring in
the result. Mr. Justice Black took no part in the consideration or
decision of this case.
No. 262. Goodall-Sanford, Inc., petitioner, v. United Textile
Workers of America, A. F. L. Local 1802, et al. On writ of certio-
rari to the United States Court of Appeals for the First Circuit.
Judgment affirmed and case remanded to the United States District
Court for the District of Maine. Opinion by Mr. Justice Douglas.
Mr. Justice Frankfurter filed a dissenting opinion in Nos. 211, 262,
and 276. Mr. Justice Burton, with whom Mr. Justice Harlan joins,
concurs in the result in this case for the reasons set forth in his con-
currence in No. 211, Textile Workers Union of America v. Lincoln
Mills of Alabama, decided today. Mr. Justice Black took no part in
the consideration or decision of this case.
No. 276. General Electric Company, petitioner, v. Local 205,
United Electrical, Radio and Machine Workers of America (U. E.).
On writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the
First Circuit. Judgment affirmed and case remanded to the United
States District Court for the District of Massachusetts. Opinion by
Mr. Justice Douglas. Mr. Justice Frankfurter filed a dissenting
opinion in Nos. 211, 262, and 276. Mr. Justice Burton, with whom
400278-57-81

MONDAY, JUNE 3, 1957
312
Mr. Justice Harlan joins, concurs in the result in this case for the
reasons set forth in his concurrence in No. 211, Textile Workers Union
of America v. Lincoln Mills of Alabama, decided today. Mr. Justice
Black took no part in the consideration or decision of this case.
The Chief Justice said:
"The orders of the Court appear upon the list certified by the Chief
Justice and filed with the Clerk and will not be announced orally."
No. 666. Frank Costello, petitioner, v. United States of America.
On petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of
Appeals for the Second Circuit. Per Curiam: The motion for hear-
ing is denied. The judgment is affirmed. Achilli v. United States,
Nos. 430 and 834, October Term, 1956, decided May 27, 1957. Mr.
Justice Clark and Mr. Justice Harlan took no part in the considera-
tion or decision of this case.
No. 29. Junius Irving Scales, petitioner, v. United States of Amer-
ica; and
No. 32. Claude Mack Lightfoot, petitioner, v. United States of
America. These cases are restored to the docket for reargument.
No. 590. Virginia Lambert, appellant, v. The People of the State
of California. This case is restored to the docket for reargument.
The Attorney General of California is invited to file a brief and to
participate in the oral argument, the appellee's time to be equally
divided.
No. 971. Tennessee Burley Tobacco Growers' Association et al.,
petitioners, v. Ivan Range et al. The respondent is directed to file
a brief pursuant to Rule 24 (1). The Solicitor General is invited to
file a brief expressing his views.
No. 11, Original. United States of America, plaintiff, v. State of
Louisiana. The motion for leave to file brief of the State of Texas, as
amicus curiae, is granted. The Chief Justice and Mr. Justice Clark
took no part in the consideration or decision of this motion.
-
No.
One, Inc., petitioner, v. Otto K. Olesen, Individually
and as Postmaster of the City of Los Angeles. The motion for leave
to proceed in forma pauperis by a corporation is denied.
No. 848. United States of America, appellant, v. Charles T. Hvass.
Appeal from the United States District Court for the Northern Dis-
trict of Iowa. Further consideration of the question of jurisdiction

MONDAY, JUNE 3, 1957
313
is postponed to the hearing of the case on the merits. The case is
transferred to the summary calendar.
No. 916. Leng May Ma, petitioner, v. Bruce G. Barber, District
Director, Immigration and Naturalization Service, San Francisco
District. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court
of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit granted.
No. 921. Commissioner of Internal Revenue et al., petitioners, v.
P. G. Lake, Inc. et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United
States Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit granted.
No. 917. The Denver Union Stock Yard Company, petitioner, v.
Producers Livestock Marketing Association; and
No. 981. Ezra Taft Benson, Secretary of Agriculture of the United
States, petitioner v. Producers Livestock Marketing Association. Pe-
titions for writs of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the Tenth Circuit granted. Cases consolidated and a total of two
hours allowed for oral argument.
No. 935. Federal Trade Commission, petitioner, v. C. E. Niehoff &
Co. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of
Appeals for the Seventh Circuit granted. Case transferred to the
summary calendar and assigned for argument immediately following
No. 750. Mr. Justice Whittaker took no part in the consideration or
decision of this application.
No. 464, Misc. Vincent Ciucci, Sr., petitioner, v. People of the
State of Illinois. Motion for leave to proceed in forma pauperis and
petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Illinois grant-
ed. Case transferred to the appellate docket and placed on the sum-
mary calendar.
No. 470, Misc. Milda Hopkins Ashdown, petitioner, v. State of
Utah. Motion for leave to proceed in forma pauperis and petition
for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Utah granted. Case
transferred to the appellate docket.
No. 215. The United States, petitioner, v. Koppers Company, Inc.,
Successor on Merger to Koppers United Company and Subsidiaries.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Claims
denied.
No. 216. United States of America, petitioner, v. Newmarket
Manufacturing Company. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
United States Court of Appeals for the First Circuit denied.
No. 627. Grant E. Hayes and Ronald J. McDonald, petitioners, v.
United States of America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
United States Court of Appeals for the Tenth Circuit denied.

MONDAY, JUNE 3, 1957
314
No. 820. Madeline V. Smith, petitioner, v. United States of Amer-
ica. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of
Appeals for the Sixth Circuit denied.
No. 853. A. D. Woodard and Oklahoma Furniture Mfg. Co., peti-
tioner, v. Lewis M. Robinson, Wm. M. Berry and James Malone, Com-
posing the Arkansas Public Service Commission. Petition for writ
of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Arkansas denied.
No. 907. James D. Irving, petitioner, v. United States of America.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the Seventh Circuit denied.
No. 910. R. V. Archawski et al., petitioners, v. Basil Hanioti, etc.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the Second Circuit denied.
No. 924. Dorothy Rorrison Ringele, petitioner, v. J. W. Terteling
and N. L. Terteling, Co-Partners Doing Business Under the Firm
Name and Style of J. A. Terteling and Sons. Petition for writ of
certiorari to the Supreme Court of Idaho denied.
No. 929. 222 East Chestnut Street Corporation, a Corporation of
Delaware, petitioner, v. Board of Appeals of the City of Chicago,
Samuel T. Lawton, B. Emmet Hartnett, et al. Petition for writ of
certiorari to the Supreme Court of Illinois denied.
No. 939. E. L. Markham, Jr., et al., petitioners, v. R. O. Burchfield
et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Texas
denied.
No. 943. Howard Davis, petitioner, v. Commissioner of Internal
Revenue. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court
of Appeals for the Seventh Circuit denied.
No. 946. John Elmer Ingram and Robert Stephens Poss, peti-
tioners, v. United States of America. Petition for writ of certiorari
to the United States Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 950. Eliza Jane Doby and J. Lillian Doby, petitioners, v. R. L.
Brown, Jr., John B. Morris, Jr., J. Heath Morrow, et al. Petition
for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of North Carolina denied.
No. 965. Dolcin Corporation and Victor Van Der Linde, petition-
ers, v. United States Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia
Circuit and Federal Trade Commission. Petition for writ of certio-
rari to the United States Court of Appeals for the District of Colum-
bia Circuit denied.
No. 989. George D. Prentice, Jr., Trustee of Wisconsin Builders
Supply Co., petitioner, v. Paul L. Moskowitz, Receiver of Wisconsin
Builders Supply Co. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United
States Court of Appeals for the Seventh Circuit denied.

MONDAY, JUNE 3, 1957
315
No. 842. Allied Stevedoring Corporation, John Ward, John Potter
and Michael Bowers, petitioners, v. United States of America. Peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for
the Second Circuit denied. Mr. Justice Harlan took no part in the
consideration or decision of this application.
No. 769. Commonwealth of Pennsylvania, City of Philadelphia, et
al., appellants, v. The Board of Directors of City Trusts of the City
of Philadelphia;
No. 806. Amity Estates, Inc., Ralph Spoor, Treasurer of Greene
County, et al., appellants, v. Arthur Werking;
No. 822. Hazel Anna Wolf, petitioner, v. John P. Boyd, District
Director, Immigration and Naturalization Service; and
No. 887. Olaf Pedersen's Rederi A/S, as Claimant of the M/V
Sunny Prince, petitioner, v. Motor Distributors, Ltd., et al. Petitions
for rehearing denied.
No. 36. Alleghany Corporation et al., appellants, v. Breswick &
Co., et al., as Common Stockholders of Alleghany Corporation, etc.;
No. 82. Baker, Weeks & Co., et al., appellants, v. Breswick & Co.
et al.; and
No. 114. Interstate Commerce Commission, appellant, v. Breswick
& Company et al.;
No. 89. Automobile Club of Michigan, petitioner, v. Commissioner
of Internal Revenue;
No. 412. Louis C. Smith, petitioner, v. United States of America;
No. 577. Jeanne Ansell, H. J. K. Theatre Corporation, K. B.
Theatre Corporation, et al., petitioners, v. United States of America;
and
No. 612. Milton H. Olender, petitioner, v. United States of
America. Petitions for rehearing denied. Mr. Justice Whittaker
took no part in the consideration or decision of these applications.
No. 774. Robert Broadwell and E. M. B. Ownen, petitioners, v.
State of Ohio. Motion for leave to file petition for rehearing out of
time denied. Mr. Justice Whittaker took no part in the consideration
or decision of this motion.
No. 552, Misc. Kougarok Dredging Corporation et al., petitioners,
v. E. Royce et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit denied.
No. 576, Misc. Carl Franklin Poole, petitioner, v. The State of
Mississippi. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of
Mississippi denied.

MONDAY, JUNE 3, 1957
316
No. 588, Misc. William H. Sinor, Administrator of the Estate of
Clyde Sinor, Deceased, and William H. Sinor, petitioner, v. United
States of America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United
States Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 623, Misc. Kenneth L. Hendrix, petitioner, v. State of Michi-
gan. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court for the
County of Clinton, Michigan, denied.
No. 654, Misc. George Ferguson, petitioner, v. United States of
America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court
of Appeals for the District of Columbia Circuit denied.
No. 663, Misc. Loyd Whitehead, petitioner, v. State of Texas.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 664, Misc. Michael Palladino, petitioner, v. The Common-
wealth of Pennsylvania. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Su-
preme Court of Pennsylvania, Eastern District, denied.
No. 665, Misc. David Farrow, petitioner, v. Commonwealth of
Pennsylvania. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court
of Pennsylvania, Eastern District, denied.
No. 666, Misc. George F. LaMere, petitioner, v. The State of New
York. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Appellate Division of
the Supreme Court of New York, Third Judicial Department, denied.
No. 667, Misc. Roy E. Hines, petitioner, v. O. B. Ellis, General
Manager Texas Prison System. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
Court of Criminal Appeals of Texas denied.
No. 671, Misc. Harold Berry, petitioner, v. Dan Gray, Warden.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals of Kentucky
denied.
No. 678, Misc. Roy Beach, petitioner, v. The Commonwealth of
Virginia. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of
Appeals of Virginia denied.
No. 680, Misc. James Elijah Stewart, alias Lige Stewart, petitioner,
v. Nathan Mayo, Custodian of Florida State Prison, et al. Petition
for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Florida denied.
No. 690, Misc. Arvin G. Maples, petitioner, v. Elbert V. Nash,
Warden. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of
Missouri denied.
No. 696, Misc. Stanley Simmons, petitioner, v. J. Vernel Jackson,
Warden. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court
of Appeals for the Second Circuit denied.
No. 697, Misc. Tecumseh Stewart, petitioner, v. William H.
Bannan, Warden. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Court of Appeals for the Sixth Circuit denied.

MONDAY, JUNE 3, 1957
317
No. 704, Misc. William C. Ashley, petitioner, v. The State of Wash-
ington et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court
of Washington denied.
No. 719, Misc. Robert J. Calhoun, petitioner, v. B. J. Rhay, Super-
intendent of the Washington State Penitentiary. Petition for writ
of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Washington denied.
No. 721, Misc. Burley Orr, petitioner, v. People of the State of
Illinois. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of
Illinois denied.
No. 722, Misc. J. D. Hope, petitioner, v. O. B. Ellis, General
Manager of the Texas Prison System. Petition for writ of certio-
rari to the United States Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit
denied.
No. 724, Misc. Mitchell Edward Janowicz, petitioner, v. The People
of the State of Michigan. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
Supreme Court of Michigan denied.
No. 735, Misc. Robert Fowler, petitioner, v. People of the State of
Illinois. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of
Illinois denied.
No. 736, Misc. Patrick Lee Mahoney and Robert Edward Creswell,
petitioners, v. The People of the State of California. Petition for
writ of certiorari to the District Court of Appeal of California,
Second Appellate District, denied.
No. 740, Misc. Orcee Robinson, petitioner, v. Ross V. Randolph,
Warden. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of Ran-
dolph County, Illinois, denied.
No. 749, Misc. Arthur Ricci, petitioner, v. The State of New Jersey.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of New Jersey
denied.
No. 758, Misc. Allen Jones, petitioner, v. The State of Washington
et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Wash-
ington denied.
No. 760, Misc. George Sessions, petitioner, v. The State of South
Carolina. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of
South Carolina denied.
No. 591, Misc. Philip Henry Davis Sheridan, petitioner, v. United
States of America; and
No. 620, Misc. Emanuel F. Heard, petitioner, v. United States of
America. Motions for leave to file petitions for writs of certiorari
denied.

MONDAY, JUNE 3, 1957
318
No. 725, Misc. Herman Faubert, petitioner, v. Gerald W. Groat
et al. Motion for leave to file petition for writ of mandamus and other
relief denied.
No. 741, Misc. Lawrence R. Braun, Jr., petitioner, v. Ray Belnap,
Superintendent of Washington State Reformatory;
No. 747, Misc. Jack Charles Talmage, petitioner, v. State of Mary-
land;
No. 748, Misc. John Forsythe, petitioner, v. The State of New
Jersey;
No. 754, Misc. Earl L. Jordan, petitioner, v. Walter B. Martin,
Warden;
No. 756, Misc. Florese Wade Powell, petitioner, v. O. B. Ellis,
General Manager, Texas Prison System; and
No. 757, Misc. Earnest R. Caffey, petitioner, v. Elbert V. Nash,
Warden. Motions for leave to file petitions for writs of habeas corpus
denied.
The Court will take a recess from today until Monday, June 10,
next.
Adjourned until Monday, June 10, next, at 12 o'clock.
✓

MONDAY, JUNE 10, 1957
319
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: Mr. Chief Justice Warren, Mr. Justice Black, Mr. Jus-
tice Frankfurther, Mr. Justice Douglas, Mr. Justice Burton, Mr.
Justice Clark, Mr. Justice Harlan, and Mr. Justice Whittaker.
Robert Gerard Tardif, of Miami, Fla., George J. Todaro, of New
York, N. Y., William I. Harkaway, of Nashua, N. H., Frank J. Mer-
curio, of New York, N. Y., and Robert V. Baker, of Kenosha, Wis.,
on motion of Mr. Oscar H. Davis; Charles M. Johnston, of Austin,
Tex., Paul P. Regnier, of Houston, Tex., Robert J. Hearon, Jr., of
Austin, Tex., and Charles Benton Musslewhite, of Lufkin, Tex., on
motion of Mr. Ralph W. Yarborough; John C. Siegesmund, Jr., of
Detroit, Mich., on motion of Mr. Newell W. Ellison; Joseph Brody,
of Newark, N. J., on motion of Mr. Peter W. Rodino, Jr.; Ben J.
Johnson, of Atlanta, Ga., and Henry M. Canby, of Wilmington, Del.,
on motion of Mr. William A. Sutherland; John S. Cox, of Jackson-
ville, Fla., on motion of Mr. Charles E. Bennett; Robert C. Taylor,
of Arlington, Va., on motion of Mr. John Gregory Bruce; Philip
Lloyd Evans, of Utica, N. Y., on motion of Mr. Gene Edward Over-
beck; Herbert C. Manning, of Pittsburgh, Pa., on motion of Mr.
Archie D. Gray; Charles E. Early, of Sarasota, Fla., on motion of
Mr. James R. Golden; Leon Savitch, of Los Angeles, Calif., on
motion of Mr. Thomas H. Carolan; Frank Catanzarite, of Buffalo,
N. Y., on motion of Mr. Freeman Bradford; Edgar D. Baumgartner,
of New York, N. Y., Edwin M. Stokes, of Palisades Park, N. J., and
James Barry Harper, of New York, N. Y., on motion of Mr. Jackson
R. Collins; Esther T. Earnest, of Atlanta, Ga., on motion of Mr. Wiley
S. Messick; Philip S. Cross, of Columbus, Ga., on motion of Mr.
Arthur J. Schissel; Edward D. McDougal, Jr., of Chicago, Ill., on
motion of Mr. Howard C. Westwood; Harper Johnston Elam III,
of Greensboro, N. C., on motion of Mr. Brice Wilson Rhyne; Marshall
Micon, of Los Angeles, Calif., on motion of Mr. K. Martin Worthy;
Louis Koutoulakos, of Arlington, Va., and Paul G. Varoutsos, of
Arlington, Va., on motion of Mr. Miles Spence Bray; Robert M.
Julian, of New York, N. Y., on motion of Mr. John T. Casey; Robert
W. Hadlick, of Jefferson City, Mo., on motion of Mr. Paul E. Had-
lick; William J. Torrington, of Albuquerque, N. Mex., on motion of
Mr. James T. McNelis; Warren Curtis Zwicky, of Oshkosh, Wis.,
on motion of Mr. Robert F. Jones; James R. Crook, Jr., of Wash-
ington, D. C., on motion of Mr. Paul R. Connolly; Robert A. Dreyer,
400278-57-
-82

MONDAY, JUNE 10, 1957
320
of New York, N. Y., Arthur Israel, Jr., of New York, N. Y., and
William P. Sims, Jr., of Washington, D. C., on motion of Mr. Thomas
H. Wall; Zeno B. Middleton, of Caseyville, Ill., on motion of Mr.
Ralph D. Pittman; L. Cecil Turner, of Atlanta, Ga., on motion
of Mr. John Wilson Ellis; Weldon Shouse, of Lexington, Ky., on
motion of Mr. M. H. Thatcher; Margaret Johns Ellenbogen, of Wash-
ington, D. C., on motion of Mr. Theodore Ellenbogen; George E.
Baglin, of San Francisco, Calf., on motion of Mr. N. Andrew Olsen;
and John F. Cook, of Milwaukee, Wis., on motion of Mr. John W.
Williams, were admitted to practice.
No. 893. Caryl Chessman, petitioner, v. Harley O. Teets, Warden.
On writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the
Ninth Circuit. Judgments of the United States Court of Appeals
for the Ninth Circuit and the United States District Court for the
Northern District of California vacated with costs and case remanded
to the District Court with instructions to enter such orders as may
be appropriate to allow California a reasonable time within which to
take further proceedings not inconsistent with the opinion of this
Court, failing which the petitioner shall be discharged. Opinion by
Mr. Justice Harlan. Mr. Justice Burton dissents because he believes
that, upon consideration of all the circumstances of this case, the State
of California has accorded to this petitioner due process of law within
the meaning of the Constitution of the United States. Dissenting
opinion by Mr. Justice Douglas with whom Mr. Justice Clark con-
curs. Mr. Chief Justice Warren took no part in the consideration or
decision of this case.
No. 247. The British Transport Commission, petitioner, v. United
States of America, as Owner of the U. S. N. S. Haiti Victory, et al.
On writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the
Fourth Circuit. Judgment affirmed and case remanded to the United
States District Court for the Eastern District of Virginia. Opinion
by Mr. Justice Clark. Dissenting opinion by Mr. Justice Brennan,
with whom Mr. Justice Frankfurter and Mr. Justice Harlan join, was
announced by Mr. Justice Frankfurter.
No. 445. Lake Tankers Corporation, petitioner, v. Lillian M.
Henn, Administratrix. On writ of certiorari to the United States
Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit. Judgment affirmed and
case remanded to the United States District Court for the Southern
District of New York. Opinion by Mr. Justice Clark. Dissenting
opinion by Mr. Justice Harlan with whom Mr. Justice Frankfurter
and Mr. Justice Burton join.
No. 260. Joseph Curcio, petitioner, v. United States of America.
On writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the

MONDAY, JUNE 10, 1957
321
Second Circuit. Judgment of the Court of Appeals reversed and case
remanded to the United States District Court for the Southern District
of New York with instructions to enter a judgment of acquittal.
Opinion by Mr. Justice Burton.
No. 316. Charles B. Smith, as Special Administrator of the Estate
of Edward S. Birn, Deceased, petitioner, v. Milton Sperling et al.
On writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the
Ninth Circuit. Judgment reversed with costs and case remanded to
the United States District Court for the Southern District of Cali-
fornia. Opinion by Mr. Justice Douglas. Separate opinion by Mr.
Justice Frankfurter, with whom Mr. Justice Burton, Mr. Justice
Harlan, and Mr. Justice Whittaker join, dissenting in No. 316 and
concurring in the result in No. 149.
No. 149. Ralph D. Swanson et al., petitioners, v. Glenn W. Traer
et al. On writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the Seventh Circuit. Judgment reversed with costs and case re-
manded to the United States Court of Appeals for the Seventh Cir-
cuit. Opinion by Mr. Justice Douglas. Separate opinion by Mr.
Justice Frankfurter, with whom Mr. Justice Burton, Mr. Justice
Harlan, and Mr. Justice Whittaker join, dissenting in No. 316 and
concurring in the result in No. 149.
No. 701, October Term, 1955. Curtis Reid, Superintendent of the
District of Columbia Jail, appellant, v. Clarice B. Covert. Appeal
from the United States District Court for the District of Columbia;
and
No. 713, October Term, 1955. Nina Kinsella, Warden of the Federal
Reformatory for Women, Alderson, West Virginia, petitioner, v.
Walter Krueger. On writ of certiorari to the United States Court
of Appeals for the Fourth Circuit before judgment. On reargument,
judgment of the Distict Court in No. 701 directing that Mrs. Covert
be released from custody is affirmed and case remanded to the District
Court for the District of Columbia, and judgment of the United
States District Court for the Southern District of West Virginia in
No. 713 is reversed and case remanded to the District Court with in-
structions to order Mrs. Smith released from custody. Mr. Justice
Black announced the judgment of the Court and delivered an opinion,
in which Mr. Chief Justice Warren, Mr. Justice Douglas, and Mr.
Justice Brennan join. Separate opinion by Mr. Justice Frankfurter,
concurring the result. Concurring opinion by Mr. Justice Harlan.
Dissenting opinion by Mr. Justice Clark with whom Mr. Justice
Burton joins. Mr. Justice Whittaker took no part in the consideration
or decision of these cases.
The Chief Justice said:
"The orders of the Court appear upon the list certified by the Chief
Justice and filed with the Clerk and will not be announced orally."

MONDAY, JUNE 10, 1957
322
No. 844. Boyd R. Ringhiser, petitioner, v. Chesapeake & Ohio Rail-
way Company. On petition for writ of certiorari to the United
States Court of Appeals for the Sixth Circuit. Per Curriam: The
petition for certiorari is granted, and the judgment is reversed and
the cause is remanded. The trial judge set aside the jury verdict for
the petitioner because, inter alia, it was held that the respondent "had
no duty to anticipate that a car was being used for such a purpose."
There was evidence, however, as the trial court found, that to respond-
ent's knowledge employees used gondola cars for the purpose. In that
circumstance there were probative facts from which the jury could
find that respondent was or should have been aware of conditions
which created a likelihood that the petitioner would suffer just such
an injury as he did. Rogers v. Missouri Pacific R. Co., 352 U. S. 500;
cf. Wilkerson v. McCarthy, 336 U. S. 53.
Mr. Justice Frankfurter is of the opinion that the writ of certiorari
should not be granted. Since the writ has been granted, he would
dismiss it as improvidently granted for the reasons set forth in his
opinion in Rogers v. Missouri Pacific R. Co., 352 U. S. 500, 524.
Mr. JUSTICE CLARK, dissenting.
1
As MR. JUSTICE DOUGLAS said in Wilkerson v. McCarthy, 336 U. S.
53, 68 (1949), "The liability which [the FELA] imposed was the
liability for negligence." Believing that the Congress was looking
to the courts to see that the railroads were held to strict accountability
under the Federal Employers' Liability Act ¹ for any negligence what-
ever resulting in injury to an employee, the Court has taken cases that
in ordinary course it would have denied as involving only particular
facts rather than questions "of importance to the public," Layne &
Bowler Corp. v. Western Well Works, Inc., 261 U. S. 387, 393 (1923).
As in the seamen's Jones Act 2 cases, the Court feels a duty under this
Federal Act to examine each case to make certain that its mandate is
honored. There has been no breach in this policy since its establish-
ment soon after the amendment of the Act in 1939. In my opinion,
however, the judgment today goes beyond the most generous interpre-
tation that may be given to the Act. The petitioner suffered the
grevious injury which resulted in the loss of a leg while using, as a
toilet, one of the railroad's cars standing on a switch track. While
petitioner was "answering his call of nature" in the car, it moved
slightly from a contact with two other cars that were being switched.
This contact caused some steel plates in the car to shift, crushing peti-
tioner's right leg.
135 Stat. 65, as amended, 45 U. S. C. § 51 et seq.
241 Stat. 1007, 46 U. S. C. § 688 et seq.
3 Since the October Term 1949 there have been some 17 cases, including 8 this Term, in-
volving the sufficiency of the evidence under the Federal Employers' Liability Act. In 15
of these cases we of the majority, recognizing the responsibility that the Congress has
placed on us to enforce the purpose of the Act, entered judgment for the injured employee.

MONDAY, JUNE 10, 1957
323
The Court does not find a failure on the part of the railroad to pro-
vide a safe place for the petitioner to work insofar as toilet facilities
are concerned. The railroad thus is not found negligent in this re-
spect. But the Court seizes upon a statement in the trial judge's
memorandum that "There is evidence that employees sometimes used
gondola cars in lieu of toilets. The Court must assume that this
was known to the defendant." The trial judge found, however, that
the railroad could not anticipate that this particular gondola car
would be used for that purpose because it was loaded with freight—
steel plates and was standing on a track that was being used for
normal switching operations. The judge points out that petitioner
himself thought that the car was empty when he climbed into it.
If the car had not been loaded the petitioner would not have suffered
the injury which resulted. For these reasons the trial judge found
that the railroad could not anticipate that its employee would so use
a loaded car or that the resultant injury would occur. In addition,
the petitioner had admitted that he "certainly [did] did not feel that
the yard crew was careless in any manner ..
This was a very
easy impact and the two standing cars did not move over a foot at
the most."
In the light of such a record it appears to me that negligence could
not be imputed to the railroad. Of course, if the majority is saying
that the railroad must inspect every loaded car awaiting switching, lest
an employee be using it as a toilet, then I could easily understand the
action here. But this it does not say, for it would be not only an un-
realistic but an untenable burden to place on the railroad. The court
cites two cases, neither of which appears to me to be apposite. In
Rogers v. Missouri Pacific R. Co., 352 U. S. 500, 502 (1957), “petitioner
was supplied with a crude hand torch and was instructed to burn off
the weeds and vegetation along [the railroad's track]." The mishap
occurred while he was performing these services. There was a “likeli-
hood that petitioner . . . would suffer just such an injury as he did."
Id., at 504. In Wilkerson v. McCarthy, supra, the railroad had con-
structed a pit in its yards for the repair of car wheels. It was 40 feet
long, 11 feet deep, and over 4 feet wide and was under a series of
3 or more railroad tracks. A permanent board about 22 inches wide
was constructed across the pit and was used by the employees of the
railroad to walk across it. While there was a chain placed around a
portion of the pit it was not sufficient to stop employees from using the
board for crossing purposes. An employee slipped on the board which
was greasy and oily and was injured by a fall to the bottom of the pit.
There was thus a very hazardous practice which, a jury might find,
the railroad took inadequate precautions to prohibit. The railroad
was held responsible. The practice here may be unsanitary, but it is
400278-57---83

MONDAY, JUNE 10, 1957
324
not foreseeably hazardous. This accident resulted from a combination
of freak circumstances rather than from actionable negligence.
While I was not on the Court when Wilkerson was decided, I fully
agree with its holding and likewise adhere to my joining the Court in
the Rogers case. The factual situations in those cases are far removed
from the facts here. In my opinion the decision today extends the
doctrine of these cases far beyond any theory of liability for negligence
that the Congress intended under the Federal Employers' Liability
Act.
MR. JUSTICE HARLAN, whom MR. JUSTICE WHITTAKER joins, dis-
senting.
The facts of this case, as summarized by District Judge Cecil, are
these:
"On October 7, 1950, Boyd R. Ringhiser, the plaintiff herein,
arose in the afternoon, made preparation to report for duty at
4:45 p. m., had a bowel movement, made a mental calculation'
and thereby set in motion a chain of events which created a result
both unusual and tragic.
"The sequence of these events is as follows: The plaintiff's
bowel movement was unsatisfactory; "This won't do,' said he to
himself (statement made by plaintiff at trial, but ordered
stricken); he took a dose of salts and washed it down with sweet
cider; he got in his car and drove to Parson's Yard, the switching
yard of the defendant, and had a bowel movement at the round-
house. He then got on his engine and maneuvered it to track
twelve, where it was coupled on to a train scheduled for Walbridge
Yard at Toledo. While sitting in his engine waiting for his air
brake test, he had an urgent call of nature and ‘had to go quick.'
He dismounted from his locomotive cab to go to a toilet a short
distance west. A long train of empties passed between him and
the object of his immediate attention. He could not wait for this
train to pass and went to No. 8 switch track and climbed into a
low-sided gondola car to answer his call of nature. While thus
engaged, a yard crew switched two cars into No. 8 switch track.
These cars came in contact with the car ahead of plaintiff's car
and it likewise came in contact with plaintiff's car. The gondola
car in which plaintiff had taken his position was loaded with steel
plates and when the cars made contact the plates shifted, caught
plaintiff's right leg and crushed it so that a few days later, it had
to be amputated."
On these facts I do not think the accident was a reasonably foresee-
able consequence of any act or omission of the railroad. I therefore
dissent.
No. 883. United Steelworkers of America, petitioner, v. Galland-
Henning Manufacturing Company. On petition for writ of certiorari

MONDAY, JUNE 10, 1957
325
to the United States Court of Appeals for the Seventh Circuit. Per
Curiam: The petition for writ of certiorari is granted, the judgment
is reversed on the authority of Textile Workers Union of America v.
Lincoln Mills of Alabama, No. 211, October Term, 1956, decided June
3, 1957, and the cause is remanded to the Court of Appeals. Mr.
Justice Burton, with whom Mr. Justice Harlan joins, concurs in the
result in this case for the reasons set forth in his concurrence in
Textile Workers v. Lincoln Mills, No. 211, October Term, 1956. Mr.
Justice Frankfurter dissents on the grounds of his dissenting opinion
in Textile Workers v. Lincoln Mills, No. 211, October Term, 1956.
Mr. Justice Black took no part in the consideration or decision of this
case.
No. 892. Raymond Moushon, appellant, v. National Garages, Inc.
Appeal from the Supreme Court of Illinois. Per Curiam: The motion
to dismiss is granted and the appeal is dismissed for want of a sub-
stantial federal question.
No. 925. Samuel Cabot et al., appellants, v. James H. Alphen et al.
Appeal from the Superior Court of Massachusetts. Per Curiam:
The motions to dismiss are granted and the appeal is dismissed for
want of a substantial federal question.
No. 579, Misc. John T. Delbridge, petitioner, v. United States of
America. On petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court
of Appeals for the District of Columbia Circuit. Per Curiam: The
motion for leave to proceed in forma pauperis and the petition for
writ of certiorari are granted. In the light of the memorandum of the
Solicitor General, the order of the Court of Appeals is vacated and
the cause is remanded to the District Court for reconsideration of the
application for leave to appeal in forma pauperis, and for considera-
tion of such other relief as may be proper and just, after review of the
full transcript of the criminal trial. Johnson v. United States, 352
U. S. 565. See also Berger v. United States, 295 U. S. 78, 88–89.
No. 15. Oleta O'Connor Yates, petitioner, v. United States of Amer-
ica; and
No. 570. Stefena Brown, petitioner, v. United States of America.
These cases are restored to the calendar for reargument immediately
following No. 897.
No. 733, Misc. John Pearson, petitioner, v. Dan Gray, Warden.
The motion of petitioner to dismiss motion for leave to file petition
for writ of habeas corpus is granted.

MONDAY, JUNE 10, 1957
326
No. 643. Lee You Fee, by Lee Q. Pon, His Next Friend, petitioner,
v. John Foster Dulles, Secretary of State. Petition for writ of
certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the Seventh
Circuit granted and case transferred to the summary calendar.
No. 586, Misc. Vincent Cicenia, petitioner, v. R. William Lagay.
Superintendent of New Jersey State Prison. Motion for leave to
proceed in forma pauperis and petition for writ of certiorari to the
United States Court of Appeals for the Third Circuit granted. Case
transferred to the appellate docket and placed on the summary cal-
endar. Mr. Justice Brennan took no part in the consideration or
decision of this application.
No. 707, Misc. John Russell Crooker, Jr., petitioner, v. The People
of the State of California. Motion for leave to proceed in forma
pauperis and petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of
California granted limited to questions 1 and 2 presented by the
petition for the writ which read as follows:
"1. Was the defendant denied due process of law by the refusal
of the investigation officers to allow him to consult with an attorney
upon demand being made to do so while he was in custody?
"2. Was the defendant denied due process of law by the admission
into evidence of a confession which was taken from him while in
custody and after he had been in such custody for fourteen hours and
had not been allowed to consult with his attorney?”
Case transferred to the appellate docket and placed on the summary
calendar, and assigned for argument immediately following No. 586,
Misc.
No. 937. S. E. C. Corporation, Formerly Known as Canaday
Cooler Co., Inc., petitioner, v. United States of America. Petition
for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the
Second Circuit denied.
No. 938. Pasquale Moccio, petitioner, v. United States of America.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the Second Circuit denied.
No. 941. Western Fire & Casualty Company, petitioner, v. General
Insurance Company of America et al. Petition for writ of certiorari
to the United States Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 942. Othello Washington, petitioner, v. United States of Amer-
ica. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of
Appeals for the District of Columbia Circuit denied.
No. 947. Carl Niepert, an Individual and as Executor of the Estate
of Dorothy Niepert, Deceased, petitioner, v. The Cleveland Electric
Illuminating Company. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United
States Court of Appeals for the Sixth Circuit denied.

MONDAY, JUNE 10, 1957
327
No. 958. Eddie Campbell, Jr., petitioner, v. State of South Caro-
lina. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of South
Carolina denied.
No. 963. Cecil Massey, petitioner, v. H. H. Brindley et al. Peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the Court of Civil Appeals of Texas,
Third Supreme Judicial District, denied.
No. 964. Carpinteria Lemon Association, a Corporation, et al., peti-
tioners, v. National Labor Relations Board. Petition for writ of cer-
tiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit
denied.
No. 970. Ben Hur Coal Company, a Corporation, petitioner, v. Earl
Wells and M. A. Berman, Co-Partners Doing Business as Starr Coal
Company. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court
of Appeals for the Tenth Circuit denied.
No. 974. Union Paving Company, a Corporation, petitioner, v.
Downer Corporation, a Corporation. Petition for writ of certiorari
to the District Court of Appeal of California, Third Appellate Dis-
trict denied.
No. 979. International Derrick and Equipment Company and its
Successor, Dresser Equipment Company, petitioner, v. R. L. Croix
and Texas Employers' Insurance Association. Petition for writ of
certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit
denied.
No. 991. Mary Hare Stanley, petitioner, v. Theodore Hawkins
Stanley. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Civil Appeals
of Texas, Seventh Supreme Judicial District, denied.
No. 1013. Jack C. Massengale, petitioner, v. United States of
America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court
of Appeals for the Sixth Circuit denied.
No. 1016. Hunt Tool Company, petitioner, v. Richard R. Lawrence,
Dailey Oil Tools, Inc., and Houston Oil Field Material Co., Inc. Pe-
tition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for
the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 515. The Buckeye Cotton Oil Company (now merged into the
Buckeye Cellulose Corporation), petitioner, v. Local 19, Warehouse,
Processing and Distributive Workers Union. Petition for writ of
certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the Sixth Cir-
cuit denied. Mr. Justice Black took no part in the consideration or
decision of this application.
No. 520. Signal-Stat Corporation, petitioner, v. Local 475, United
Electrical, Radio and Machine Workers of America (UE). Peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for
the Second Circuit denied. Mr. Justice Black took no part in the
consideration or decision of this application.

MONDAY, JUNE 10, 1957
328
No. 632, Misc. Howard William Davis, petitioner, v. United States
of America;
No. 635, Misc. Lester Joseph Gray, petitioner, v. United States of
America;
No. 641, Misc. Leona Legg, petitioner, v. Charles Teneycke, Francis
Teneycke, et al.; and
No. 676, Misc. Maurice and Melanie Kallos as Parents in Behalf of
Their Son, Paul Kallos, petitioners, v. State of New York. Petitions
for rehearing denied.
No. 616, Misc. Sidney A. Brodson, petitioner, v. United States of
America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court
of Appeals for the Seventh Circuit denied.
No. 674, Misc. Edward R. Cwiklinski, petitioner, v. State of New
Jersey. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of New
Jersey denied.
No. 675, Misc. James Harvey, alias Berkley McCargo, petitioner,
v. W. Frank Smyth, Jr., Superintendent of Virginia State Peniten-
tiary. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of
Appeals of Virginia denied.
No. 677, Misc. Jose Benedicto Lebron, petitioner, v. United States
of America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court
of Appeals for the First Circuit denied.
No. 682, Misc. Harry Morris Sherman, petitioner, v. United States
of America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court
of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit denied.
No. 683, Misc. Franciska T. Coles, petitioner, v. Smither and Com-
pany, Inc. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court
of Appeals for the District of Columbia Circuit denied.
No. 684, Misc. Arthur Ray Clark, petitioner, v. O. B. Ellis, General
Manager Texas Prison System. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
Court of Criminal Appeals of Texas denied.
No. 687, Misc. Joseph M. Brule, petitioner, v. United States of
America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of
Appeals for the Ninth Circuit denied.
No. 693, Misc. Olin Kitchin, petitioner, v. State of Missouri. Peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Missouri denied.
No. 694, Misc. Fruent C. Kimes, petitioner, v. United States of
America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of
Appeals for the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 698, Misc. James Morris Fletcher, petitioner, v. Common-
wealth of Pennsylvania. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Su-
preme Court of Pennsylvania, Western District, denied.

MONDAY, JUNE 10, 1957
329
No. 700, Misc. Stanley Strauch, petitioner, v. State of New York.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Appellate Division of the Supreme
Court of New York, Fourth Judicial Department, denied.
No. 701, Misc. Oliver T. Lyon, III, petitioner, v. O. B. Ellis, Gen-
eral Manager, Texas Prison System. Petition for writ of certiorari
to the Court of Criminal Appeals of Texas denied.
No. 709, Misc. James H. Woods, petitioner, v. Angelo C. Cavell,
Warden. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of
Pennsylvania, Western District, denied.
No. 715, Misc. James Bryan, petitioner, v. The People of the State
of New York. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Appellate Divi-
sion of the Supreme Court of New York, Fourth Judicial Department,
denied.
No. 728, Misc. Walter Horace Sefton, petitioner, v. State of Ne-
vada. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Nevada
denied.
No. 732, Misc. Morris E. Anglin, Jr., petitioner, v. United States
of America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court
of Appeals for the District of Columbia Circuit denied.
No. 738, Misc. Herbert W. Peters, petitioner, v. The People of the
State of New York. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of
Appeals of New York denied.
No. 739, Misc. Roy Helwig, petitioner, v. Angelo C. Cavell,
Warden. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of
Pennsylvania, Western District, denied.
No. 742, Misc. Ernest Gentner, petitioner, v. Frank G. Martin,
Warden. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of
Pennsylvania, Eastern District, denied.
No. 743, Misc. Charles Minor, petitioner, v. United States of Amer-
ica. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Ap-
peals for the District of Columbia Circuit denied.
No. 745, Misc. Nicholas Weinberger, petitioner, v. State of New
York. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals of New
York denied.
No. 746, Misc. Stanley Szocki, petitioner, v. Angelo C. Cavell,
Warden. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Common
Pleas of Erie County, Pennsylvania, denied.
No. 750, Misc. James Quon, petitioner, v. United States of Amer-
ica. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Ap-
peals for the Second Circuit denied.
No. 762, Misc. Francis Wager, petitioner, v. The People of the
State of New York. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of
Appeals of New York denied.

MONDAY, JUNE 10, 1957
330
No. 765, Misc. Joseph Sheffield, petitioner, v. State of Louisiana.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Louisiana
denied.
No. 766, Misc. Thomas W. Young, petitioner, v. People of the State
of Maryland. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals
of Maryland denied.
No. 767, Misc. Alvin Morgan, petitioner, v. The People of the State
of California. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court
of California denied.
No. 774, Misc. John James Pearson, petitioner, v. Dan Gray,
Warden. Petition for write of certiorari to the United States Court
of Appeals for the Sixth Circuit denied.
No. 752, Misc. Thomas Panariello, petitioner, v. The People of the
State of New York; and
No. 764, Misc. John C. Walker, petitioner, v. The State of Mary-
land. Motions for leave to file petitions for writs of habeas corpus
denied.
The Court will take a recess from today until Monday, June 17,
next.
Adjourned until Monday, June 17, next, at 12 o'clock.
Х

MONDAY, JUNE 17, 1957
331
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: Mr. Chief Justice Warren, Mr. Justice Black, Mr. Justice
Frankfurter, Mr. Justice Douglas, Mr. Justice Burton, Mr. Justice.
Clark, Mr. Justice Harlan, Mr. Justice Brennan, and Mr. Justice
Whittaker.
George B. Hoffman, Jr., of Hammond, Ind., Robert J. Danhof,
of Muskegon, Mich., Morris J. Oppenheim, of Asbury Park, N. J.,
and George Peternick, of New York, N. Y., on motion of Mr. Solicitor
General James Lee Rankin; Jean Brody Green, of Philadelphia, Pa.,
on motion of Hugh D. Scott, Jr.; Marion Beatty, of Topeka, Kans.,
on motion of Mr. Andrew F. Schoeppel; Carl E. Bosecker, of Evans-
ville, Ind., on motion of Mr. Winfield K. Denton; William M. Fulcher,
of Augusta, Ga., on motion of Mr. John J. Flynt, Jr.; William L.
Anderson, of Waurika, Okla., and James G. Welch, of Oklahoma City.
Okla., on motion of Mr. Toby Morris; E. Barrett Prettyman, Jr., of
Washington, D. C., on motion of Mr. E. Barrett Prettyman; David
C. Bastian, of Washington, D. C., on motion of Mr. Walter M.
Bastian; Richard K. Wilson, of Piqua, Ohio, and Harold A. Waters,
of Savannah, Ga., on motion of Mr. Will Shafroth; Ramsay Douglas
Potts, Jr., of Memphis, Tenn., and Stephen Deaderick Potts, of Nash-
ville, Tenn., on motion of Mr. Adrian S. Fisher; George Luther
Verity, of Oklahoma City, Okla., on motion of Mr. Stanley L. Temko;
Eric Julber, of Los Angeles, Calif., on motion of Mr. Isadore Jack
Politz; Hymie Nussbaum, of Washington, D. C., on motion of Mr.
Milton D. Korman; James A. O'Brien, of New York, N. Y., Law-
rence J. O'Brien, of New York, N. Y., and Gerard J. O'Brien, of
New York, N. Y., on motion of Mr. Richard L. Walsh; Sydney
Michael Eisenberg, of Milwaukee, Wis., on motion of Miss Helen F.
Humphrey; Oran W. Palmer, of Bakersfield, Calif., and W. E. James,
of Bakersfield, Calif., on motion of Mr. Robert Lee McCarty; Richey
W. Whitesell, of South Bend, Ind., James W. Oberfell, of South
Bend, Ind., Nathan Levy, of South Bend, Ind., and George N. Beamer,
of South Bend, Ind., on motion of Mr. Loftus E. Becker; John W.
Day, of Wilmette, Ill., on motion of Mr. Donald B. MacGuineas;
Harry E. McDermott, Jr., of Little Rock, Ark., on motion of Mr.
Edwin D. Dupree; John Curtis Bradley, of Washington, D. C., on
motion of Mr. Homer S. Carpenter; Michael Berman, of New York,
N. Y., on motion of Mr. Bernard Justin Greenfield; Jack E. Earnest,
of Dallas, Tex., on motion of Mr. William P. McClure; Charles Riggs
Sprowl, of Chicago, Ill., on motion of Mr. Fred W. Albertson; John
400278-57-84

MONDAY, JUNE 17, 1957
332
A. Overholt, of Kensington, Md., on motion of Mr. Thomas H.
Carolan; John W. Mitchell, of Independence, Mo., on motion of Mr.
Albert L. Reeevs, Jr., Charles Anderson Ballou, Jr., of Washington,
D. C., on motion of Mr. Donald Start Caruthers; William L. Mathis,
of Washington, D. C., on motion of Mr. Edwin Starkey Nail; Richard
Hildreth, of Washington, D. C., and Ben C. Fisher, of Washington,
D. C., on motion of Mr. John P. Southmayd; and Marion E. Shafer,
of Austin, Tex., on motion of Mr. Charles M. Johnston, were admitted
to practice.
No. 6. Oleta O'Connor Yates, Henry Steinberg, Loretta Starvus
Stack, et al., petitioners, v. United States of America;
No. 7. William Schneiderman, petitioner, v. United States of
America; and
No. 8. Al Richmond and Philip Marshall Connelly, petitioners,
v. United States of America. On writs of certiorari to the United
States Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit. Judgment of the
Court of Appeals is reversed and cases remanded to the United States
District Court for the Southern District of California for further
proceedings consistent with the opinion of this Court. Opinion by
Mr. Justice Harlan. Mr. Justice Burton concurs in the result and
with the opinion of the Court except as to its interpretation of the
term "organize" as used in the Smith Act. Separate opinion by Mr.
Justice Black, with whom Mr. Justice Douglas joins, concurring in
part and dissenting in part. Dissenting opinion by Mr. Justice Clark.
Mr. Justice Brennan and Mr. Justice Whittaker took no part in the
consideration or decision of these cases.
No. 304. United States of America, petitioner, v. Victor Calamaro.
On writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the
Third Circuit. Judgment affirmed and case remanded to the United
States District Court for the Eastern District of Pennsylvania.
Opinion by Mr. Justice Harlan. Dissenting opinion by Mr. Justice
Burton. Mr. Justice Whittaker took no part in the consideration or
decision of this case.
No. 407. John S. Service, petitioner, v. John Foster Dulles et al.
On writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the
District of Columbia Circuit. Judgment of the Court of Appeals is
reversed and case remanded to the United States District Court for
the District of Columbia for further proceedings consistent with the
opinion of this Court. Opinion by Mr. Justice Harlan. Mr. Justice
Clark took no part in the consideration or decision of this case.
No. 478. West Point Wholesale Grocery Company, appellant, v.
The City of Opelika, Alabama. Appeal from the Court of Appeals
of Alabama. Judgment reversed with costs and case remanded to the

MONDAY, JUNE 17, 1957
333
Court of Appeals of Alabama for proceedings not inconsistent with
the opinion of this Court. Opinion by Mr. Justice Harlan. Mr.
Justice Black dissents.
No. 68. Delvaille H. Théard, petitioner, v. United States of Amer-
ica. On writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for
the Fifth Circuit. Judgment of the Court of Appeals reversed and
case remanded to the United States District Court for the Eastern
District of Louisiana for disposition of the motion for disbarment
under that court's Rule 1 (f) of its General Rules, in accordance with
the standards defined in Seilling v. Radford, 243 U. S. 46, and the
opinion of this Court. Opinion by Mr. Justice Frankfurter. Mr.
Chief Justice Warren and Mr. Justice Black concur in the result. Mr.
Justice Whittaker took no part in the consideration or decision of this
case.
No. 79. International Brotherhood of Teamsters, Local 695,
A, F. L., et al., petitioners, v. Vogt, Inc. On writ of certiorari to the
Supreme Court of Wisconsin. Judgment affirmed and case remanded
to the Supreme Court of Wisconsin. Opinion by Mr. Justice Frank-
furter. Dissenting opinion by Mr. Justice Douglas with whom Mr.
Chief Justice Warren and Mr. Justice Black concur. Mr. Justice
Whittaker took no part in the consideration or decision of this case.
No. 596. United States of America, petitioner, v. Walter Korpan.
On writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the
Seventh Circuit. Judgment reversed and case remanded to the United
States District Court for the Northern District of Illinois for proceed-
ings in conformity with the opinion of this Court. Opinion by Mr.
Justice Black. Mr. Justice Douglas dissents from the conclusion that
here pinball machines are games of chance within the meaning of
the statute.
No. 261. John T. Watkins, petitioner, v. United States of America.
On writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the
District of Columbia Circuit. Judgment of the Court of Appeals re-
versed and case remanded to the United States District Court for the
District of Columbia with instructions to dismiss the indictment.
Opinion by Mr. Chief Justice Warren. Concurring opinion by Mr.
Justice Frankfurter. Dissenting opinion by Mr. Justice Clark. Mr.
Justice Burton and Mr. Justice Whittaker took no part in the con-
sideration or decision of this case.
No. 175. Paul M. Sweezy, appellant, v. State of New Hampshire
by Louis C. Wyman, Attorney General. Appeal from the Supreme
Court of New Hampshire. The appeal is dismissed for want of juris-
diction. Treating the papers whereon the appeal was taken as a peti-
tion for writ of certiorari, certiorari is granted. On writ of certiorari
to the Supreme Court of New Hampshire, judgment reversed and case

MONDAY, JUNE 17, 1957
334
remanded to the Supreme Court of New Hampshire for proceedings
not inconsistent with the judgment of this Court. Mr. Chief Justice
Warren announced the judgment of the Court and delivered an opinion
in which Mr. Justice Black, Mr. Justice Douglas, and Mr. Justice
Brennan join. Separate opinion by Mr. Justice Frankfurter, with
whom Mr. Justice Harlan joins, concurring in the result. Dissenting
opinion by Mr. Justice Clark with whom Mr. Justice Burton joins.
Mr. Justice Whittaker took no part in the consideration or decision of
this case.
No. 426. Jesse Blackburn, petitioner, v. State of Alabama. On
writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals of Alabama. Judgment va-
cated and case remanded to the Court of Appeals in order that it may
pass upon petitioner's claim to the protection of the Due Process Clause
of the Fourteenth Amendment to the United States Constitution.
Opinion per curiam announced by Mr. Chief Justice Warren. Dissent-
ing opinion by Mr. Justice Douglas with whom Mr. Chief Justice
Warren and Mr. Justice Brennan concur.
The Chief Justice said:
"The orders of the Court appear upon the list certified by the Chief
Justice and filed with the Clerk and will not be announced orally."
No. 911. James Lawrence Dooley, appellant, v. Commonwealth of
Virginia. Appeal from the Supreme Court of Appeals of Virginia.
Per Curiam: The motion to dismiss is granted and the appeal is dis-
missed for want of a substantial federal question.
No. 914. Gulf Oil Corporation, appellant, v. Corporation Commis-
sion of the State of Oklahoma, Ray C. Jones, Wilburn Cartwright, et
al. Appeal from the United States District Court for the Western
District of Oklahoma. Per Curiam: The motion to affirm is granted
and the judgment is affirmed. Mr. Justice Frankfurter, Mr. Justice
Douglas, and Mr. Justice Brennan would note probable jurisdiction
and set the case for argument.
No. 927. The Cleveland Electric Illuminating Company; The
North American Coal Corporation, et al., appellants, v. United States
of America; Interstate Commerce Commission; The Baltimore and
Ohio Railroad Company, et al. Appeal from the United States Dis-
trict Court for the Northern District of Ohio. Per Curiam: The mo-
tions to affirm are granted and the judgment is affirmed.
No. 933. Edwin B. Covey, Committee of the Person and Property
of Nora Brainard, an Incompetent, appellant, v. Town of Somers.
Appeal from the Court of Appeals of New York. Per Curiam: The
motion to dismiss is granted and the appeal is dismissed for want of
jurisdiction. Treating the papers whereon the appeal was taken as a
petition for writ of certiorari, certiorari is denied.

MONDAY, JUNE 17, 1957
335
No. 936. Mrs. Elizabeth Lyle Starr et al., appellants, v. Nashville
Housing Authority et al. Appeal from the United States District
Court for the Middle District of Tennessee. Per Curiam: The mo-
tions to affirm are granted and the judgment is affirmed. Berman v.
Parker, 348 U. S. 26.
No. 956. Carl C. Curtis, appellant, v. Thomas J. Kelly, as Sheriff
of Dade County, Florida. Appeal from the Supreme Court of Florida.
Per Curiam: The appeal is dismissed for want of jurisdiction. Treat-
ing the papers whereon the appeal was taken as a petition for writ
of certiorari, certiorari is denied.
No. 468. George R. Carr, petitioner, v. Beverly Hills Corporation,
a Corporation, et al. On petition for writ of certiorari to the United
States Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit. Per Curiam: The
petition for writ of certiorari is granted, the judgment of the Court
of Appeals is reversed on the authority of Smith, Special Adminis-
trator, v. Sperling et al., No. 316, October Term, 1956, decided June
10, 1957, and Swanson et al. v. Traer et al., No. 149, October Term,
1956, decided June 10, 1957, and the cause is remanded to the District
Court for proceedings in conformity with this opinion. Mr. Justice
Frankfurter, Mr. Justice Burton, Mr. Justice Harlan, and Mr. Justice
Whittaker dissent for the reasons stated in their dissent in Smith v.
Sperling, No. 316, October Term, 1956.
No. 781, Misc. Leonard Stanley, appellant, v. The People of the
State of New York. Appeal from the Appellate Division of the Su-
preme Court of New York, Second Judicial Department. Per
Curiam: The appeal is dismissed.
No. 9, Original. The State of Texas, plaintiff, v. The State of New
Mexico. It is ordered by this Court that John Raeburn Green,
Esquire, be and he is hereby, awarded the sum of $25,000 as compensa-
tion for his services as Special Master in this case, and that his dis-
bursements totaling $7,611.27 be allowed. It is further ordered that
the fee and disbursements of the Special Master be paid by the parties
in the following proportions: Texas, 50%; New Mexico, 25%; and
the Middle Rio Grande Conservancy District, 25%.
No. 10, Original. State of Arizona, plaintiff, v. State of California
et al. The petition for an order approving payment on account of fees
and expenses of the Special Master is granted and the parties are
ordered to make payments to cover the expenses of the Special Master
in the following proportions: Arizona, 28%; California, 28%;
United States, 28%; Nevada, 12%%; New Mexico, 2%; and Utah,
2%.
They are further ordered to make payments totaling $50,000 to
Simon H. Rifkind, Esquire, Special Master, on account of the fee to
be awarded by this Court as compensation for his services as Special
400278-57-
-85

MONDAY, JUNE 17, 1957
336
Master. Such payments are to be made in the proportions set forth
above.
This order is subject to any further award, allowance or division
of costs or fees as this Court may deem proper. The Chief Justice
took no part in the consideration or decision of this petition.
No. 50. San Diego Building Trades Council et al., petitioners, v.
J. S. Garmon et al. The motion to retax costs is denied.
No. 918. Elizabeth Donner Hanson, Individually, as Executrix of
the Will of Dora Browning Donner, Deceased, et al., appellants, v.
Katherine N. R. Denckla, Individually, and Elwyn L. Middleton, as
Guardian of the Property of Dorothy Browning Stewart, etc. Ap-
peal from the Supreme Court of Florida. Further consideration of
the question of jurisdiction is postponed to the hearing of the case on
the merits; and
No. 977. Dora Stewart Lewis, Mary Washington Stewart Borie,
and Paula Browning Denckla, petitioners, v. Elizabeth Donner Han-
son, as Executrix and Trustee Under the Last Will of Dora Brown-
ing Donner, Deceased, et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
Supreme Court of Delaware granted. Cases consolidated and a total
of two hours allowed for oral argument.
No. 862. Hoover Motor Express Co., Inc., petitioner, v. United
States of America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Court of Appeals for the Sixth Circuit granted; and
No. 932. Tank Truck Rentals, Inc., petitioner, v. Commissioner of
Internal Revenue. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Court of Appeals for the Third Circuit granted. Cases consolidated
and a total of two hours allowed for oral argument.
No. 983. Commissioner of Internal Revenue, petitioner, v. Neil
Sullivan, Grace Sullivan, James Ross, et al. Petition for writ of
certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the Seventh
Circuit granted. Case transferred to the summary calendar and
assigned for argument immediately following Nos. 862 and 932.
No. 1008. Fidelity-Philadelphia Trust Company and Robert B.
Haines, III, Executors of the Will of Mary H. Haines, Deceased,
petitioners, v. Francis R. Smith, Collector of Internal Revenue. Peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for
the Third Circuit granted. Case transferred to the summary cal-
endar.
No. 1032. Howard D. Abramowitz, petitioner, v. Wilbur M.
Brucker. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court

MONDAY, JUNE 17, 1957
337
of Appeals for the District of Columbia Circuit granted. Case trans-
ferred to the summary calendar and assigned for argument immedi-
ately following No. 777.
No. 948. United Press Associations, a Corporation, petitioner, v.
Sidney Dean Charles, Paul S. Charles, Patricia Charles, et al. Peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for
the Ninth Circuit denied.
No. 949. Monolith Portland Midwest Company, a Corporation, pe-
titioner, v. Reconstruction Finance Corporation, a Corporation. Peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the
Ninth Circuit denied.
No. 952. Jules Gordon, petitioner, v. United States of America.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the Third Circuit denied.
No. 962. W. W. Tuttle, Resident Manager, Ernst & Ernst, peti-
tioner, v. Federal Trade Commission. Petition for writ of certiorari
to the United States Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit denied.
No. 966. Wilbert Charles Schultz, Jr., petitioner, v. United States
of America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court
of Appeals for the Second Circuit denied.
No. 967. Charles A. Haskell, petitioner, v. United States of Amer-
ica. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Ap-
peals for the Tenth Circuit denied.
No. 968. Joseph P. McConnon, petitioner, v. United States of
America; and
No. 982. Peter Postma, petitioner, v. United States of America.
Petitions for writs of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the Second Circuit denied.
No. 973. Fred J. Howarth, petitioner, v. Mae K. Howarth. Peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the District Court of Appeal of Cali-
fornia, Second Appellate District, denied.
No. 978. Personal Industrial Loan Corporation (now known as
Beneficial Industrial Loan Corporation), petitioner, v. Kenneth Dick-
son Forgay. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court
of Appeals for the Tenth Circuit denied.
No. 980. Orleans Parish School Board, petitioner, v. Earl Ben-
jamin Bush et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 984. Aspen Pictures, Inc., petitioner, v. The Oceanic Steam-
ship Company and Matson Navigation Company. Petition for writ of
certiorari to the District Court of Appeal of California, Second Ap-
pellate District, denied.

MONDAY, JUNE 17, 1957
338
No. 987. Eagle Lion Films, Inc., petitioner, v. John Szekely, also
known Professionally as John Pen. Petition for writ of certiorari
to the United States Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit denied.
No. 990. Sol Gershenhorn and D. H. Caplow, petitioners, v. Walter
R. Stutz Enterprises, a Limited Partnership, Walter R. Stutz and
Louis Stutz. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of
Nevada denied.
No. 1000. Gabriel T. Martinez and Theresa Martha Martinez, pe-
titioners v. United States of America. Petition for writ of certiorari
to the United States Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit denied.
No. 1002. Solomon Fried, petitioner, v. United States of America
et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of
Appeals for the Second Circuit denied.
No. 1007. Block Drug Co., Amm-I-Dent, Inc., and F. W. Wool-
worth Co., petitioners, v. The University of Illinois Foundation. Pe-
tition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the Seventh Circuit denied.
No. 1017. The Smoot Sand & Gravel Corporation, petitioner, v.
Commissioner of Internal Revenue. Petition for writ of certiorari
to the United States Court of Appeals for the Fourth Circuit denied.
No. 1021. Harlan F. Lester, petitioner, v. Aetna Casualty and
Surety Company. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 1026. V. E. Irons, Inc., and V. E. Irons, petitioners, v. United
Statss of America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United
States Court of Appeals for the First Circuit denied.
No. 1039. Samuel C. Brody, petitioner, v. United States of Amer-
ica. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Ap-
peals for the First Circuit denied.
No. 1055. Allen D. Turner, petitioner, v. United States of America.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the Second Circuit denied.
No. 985. The Kansas City Star Company, petitioner, v. United
State of America; and
No. 986. Emil A. Sees, petitioner, v. United States of America.
Petitions for writs of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the Eighth Circuit denied. Mr. Justice Whittaker took no part
in the consideration or decision of these applications.

MONDAY, JUNE 17, 1957
339
No. 240. H. T. Arnold, petitioner, v. Panhandle and Santa Fe Rail-
way Co.;
No. 540. Civil Aeronautics Board, petitioner, v. Ida Mae Hermann
et al.;
No. 816. Matt Atwood, petitioner, v. Dan E. Lydick; and
No. 909. Adolphus Hohensee, an Individual, El Rancho Adolphus
Products, Inc., et al., petitioner, v. United States of America. Peti-
tions for rehearing denied.
No. 5. Raphael Konigsberg, petitioner, v. The State Bar of Cali-
fornia and the Committee of Bar Examiners of the State Bar of Cali-
fornia. Petition for rehearing denied. Mr. Justice Whittaker took
no part in the consideration or decision of this application.
No. 422. Office Employes International Union, Local No. 11, AFL-
CIO, petitioner, v. National Labor Relations Board. Motion of In-
ternational Brotherhood of Teamsters, etc., et al. for leave to file peti-
tions for rehearing of the order denying motion for leave to intervene
and for rehearing of the case on the merits denied.
No. 466. Securities and Exchange Commission, petitioner, v. Lou-
isiana Public Service Commission et al. Petition for rehearing denied.
Mr. Justice Clark took no part in the consideration or decision of this
application.
No. 722. George A. Landell, Executor, etc., et al., petitioners, v.
Northern Pacific Railway Company. Motion for leave to file petition
for rehearing out of time denied. Mr. Justice Whittaker took no part
in the consideration or decision of this motion.
No. 628, Misc. George Popik, petitioner, v. The State of Ohio and
Ralph W. Alvis, Warden. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court
of Appeals of Franklin County, Ohio, denied.
No. 753, Misc. Robert Thompson and Edwin Lewis, petitioners, v.
Commonwealth of Pennsylvania. Petition for writ of certiorari to
the Supreme Court of Pennsylvania, Western District, denied.
No. 759, Misc. Myrtle Mary Miller, Infant, by Edward Miller,
Her Guardian Ad litem, and Edward Miller, Individually, Petition-
ers, v. The Delaware, Lackawanna and Western Railroad Company.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the Second Circuit denied.
No. 763, Misc. Christine Curtis and Wilbert W. Gross, petitioners,
v. United States of America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
United States Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia Circuit
denied.
No. 768, Misc. William Rice, petitioner, v. Donald Clemmer, Di-
rector of the Department of Corrections, Washington, D. C., et al.

MONDAY, JUNE 17, 1957
340
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the Fourth Circuit denied.
No. 769, Misc. Robert E. Morgan, petitioner, v. Robert A. Heinze,
Warden. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of
California denied.
No. 771, Misc. Chester W. Burke, petitioner, v. The District Court.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Iowa denied.
No. 775, Misc. Francisco Cepero, petitioner, v. Pan American
World Airways et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United
States Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit denied.
No. 777, Misc. Paul Apfelbaum, petitioner, v. The People of the
State of New York. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Appellate
Division of the Supreme Court of New York, Second Judicial De-
partment, denied.
No. 778, Misc. Billy Joe Bruinsma, petitioner, v. O. B. Ellis, Gen-
eral Manager of the Texas Prison System, et al. Petition for writ of
certiorari to the Court of Criminal Appeals of Texas denied.
No. 784, Misc. George D. French, petitioner, v. The Common-
wealth of Massachusetts. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Su-
preme Judicial Court of Massachusetts denied.
No. 786, Misc. Ivan L. Cathcart, petitioner, v. United States of
America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court
of Appeals for the Tenth Circuit denied.
No. 789, Misc. Phines Kennedy, petitioner, v. The People of the
State of New York. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Appellate
Division of the Supreme Court of New York, Fourth Judicial Depart-
ment, denied.
No. 792, Misc. Nick Martin, petitioner, v. State of Indiana. Peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Indiana denied.
No. 794, Misc. Charles Leroy Hamm, petitioner, v. Commonwealth
of Kentucky. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals
of Kentucky denied.
No. 795, Misc. Luis Luciano, petitioner, v. F. T. Wilkinson,
Warden. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court
of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 796, Misc. Eugene William O'Connor, petitioner, v. The State
of California. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court
of California denied.
No. 797, Misc. Edward W. Dopkowski, petitioner, v. The People of
the State of Illinois. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme
Court of Illinois denied.

MONDAY, JUNE 17, 1957
341
No. 798, Misc. Charles Thomas Akers, petitioner, v. The People of
the State of California et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
United States Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit denied.
No. 800, Misc. Charles L. York, petitioner, v. Robert A. Heinze,
Warden. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Cali-
fornia denied.
No. 801, Misc. Joseph M. Shelton, petitioner, v. Ross V. Randolph,
Warden. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Illi-
nois denied.
No. 803, Misc. Alexander McAllister, petitioner, v. Warren Pinto,
Superintendent of the New Jersey State Prison Farm at Rahway, New
Jersey. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of New
Jersey denied.
No. 806, Misc. Joseph G. Zambrano, petitioner, v. The California
Adult Authority et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme
Court of California denied.
No. 807, Misc. Jimmie Lee Thomas, petitioner, v. State of Florida.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Florida denied.
No. 808, Misc. Isiah Brigman, petitioner, v. Vernon L. Pepersack,
Warden. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals of
Maryland denied.
No. 782, Misc. James Culver, petitioner, v. The State of New
Jersey. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of New
Jersey denied. Mr. Justice Brennan took no part in the consideration
or decision of this application.
No. 718, Misc. Edwin B. Covey, Committee of the Person and
Property of Nora Brainard, an Incompetent, petitioner, v. The Court
of Appeals of the State of New York, and the Honorable Albert Con-
way, Chief Judge, et al.; and
No. 723, Misc. Gladys Laycock, petitioner, v. The Honorable Wil-
liam C. Mathes, Sitting as Judge of the United States District Court
for the District of Oregon, et al. Motions for leave to file petitions for
writs of mandamus denied.
No. 779, Misc. Howard Dowling, petitioner, v. State of Maryland
et al;
No. 780, Misc. John P. Medley, petitioner, v. State of Maryland;
No. 788, Misc. Carlos C. Sanchez, petitioner, v. Harold R. Swenson,
Warden;
No. 793, Misc. Herman Hayman, petitioner, v. David M. Heritage,
Warden; and

MONDAY, JUNE 17, 1957
342
No. 799, Misc. Philip Ambroselli, petitioner, v. Lee B. Mailler,
Chairman of the New York Parole Board, et al. Motions for leave to
file petitions for writs of habeas corpus denied.
The Court will take a recess from today until Monday, June 24, next,
upon which day it will adjourn for the term unless otherwise ordered.
Adjourned until Monday, June 24, next, at 12 o'clock.
Х

FRIDAY, JUNE 21, 1957
343
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: Mr. Chief Justice Warren, Mr. Justice Black, Mr. Justice
Frankfurter, Mr. Justice Burton, Mr. Justice Clark, Mr. Justice
Harlan, Mr. Justice Brennan, and Mr. Justice Whittaker.
No. 1103. Charles E. Wilson, Secretary of Defense, et al., petition-
ers, v. William S. Girard, United States Army Specialist 3/C; and
No. 1108. William S. Girard, petitioner, v. Charles E. Wilson et al.
On petitions for writs of certiorari to the United States Court of
Appeals for the District of Columbia Circuit. Per Curiam: The peti-
tions for writs of certiorari are granted. The cases are consolidated
and assigned for argument on Monday, July 8, next. A maximum of
four hours is allowed for argument, to be equally divided. In each
case, the brief for petitioners will be served and filed on or before
July 1, 1957. The briefs for respondents will be served and filed
within five days from receipt of the petitioners' briefs.
Х
400278-57--86

MONDAY, JUNE 24, 1957
344
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: Mr. Chief Justice Warren, Mr. Justice Black, Mr. Justice
Frankfurter, Mr. Justice Burton, Mr. Justice Clark, Mr. Justice Har-
lan, and Mr. Justice Brennan.
Boyd Leedom, of Rapid City, S. Dak., Murray H. Sparer, of Ocean-
side, N. Y., Troy B. Conner, Jr., of Morgantown, W. Va., George H.
Cholack, of Detroit, Mich., and Vincent Edward Baker, of Kansas
City, Mo., on motion of Mr. Solicitor General James Lee Rankin;
Phineas Rosenberg, of Kansas City, Mo., on motion of Mr. Temple W.
Seay; Foster R. Herman, of New Bedford, Mass., on motion of Mr.
John C. Herberg; Joseph T. Mijich, of Seattle, Wash., Marshall Mc-
Cormick, of Tacoma, Wash., Francis L. Bannon, of Tacoma, Wash.,
and Thor C. Tollefson, of Tacoma, Wash., on motion of Mr. Henry
M. Jackson; William John Scott, of Chicago, Ill., on motion of Mr.
Everett McKinley Dirksen; Glendon Elwood Johnson, of Salt Lake
City, Utah, on motion of Mr. Arthur V. Watkins; Marshall J. Deutsch,
of New York, N. Y., on motion of Mr. Lawrence J. Gross; Glenn D.
Cogswell, of Topeka, Kans., on motion of Mr. Andrew F. Schoeppel;
Allen Brown, of Cincinnati, Ohio, on motion of Mr. Maurice Howard
Leibowitz; George H. Pratt, of Los Angeles, Calif., on motion of
Mr. H. Allen Smith; John R. Sailer, of Elizabeth, N. J., on motion of
Mr. Louis H. Mann; Elwood R. Clay, of New Orleans, La., on mo-
tion of Mr. Hale Boggs; William Kane Cavanagh, of Springfield,
Ill., on motion of Mr. John R. Foley; E. Keith Thomson, of Cheyenne,
Wyo., on motion of Mr. Benjamin H.Dorsey; Simon Tucker, of Silver
Spring, Md., on motion of Mr. John W. Williams; Lewis Reginald
McCright, of Little Rock, Ark., on motion of Mr. Edwin D. Dupree,
Jr.; Bernard Krakow, of Washington, D. C., on motion of Mr. Clar-
ence M. Dinkins; George K. Littlefield, of Sacramento, Calif., and
Thomas F. Brewer, of Stockton, Calif., on motion of Mr. Stewart
French; Donald M. Counihan, of Washington, D. C., on motion of
Mr. Thomas H. Carolan; Francis J. Bauerle, of Dallas, Tex., on mo-
tion of Mr. Parke M. Banta; Harold James Rucker, of Midland, Tex.,
on motion of Mr. Arthur C. Perry; Andrew Jackson Brent, of Rich-
mond, Va., Robert Harvey Chappell, Jr., of Richmond, Va., and
Charles Wayne Laughlin, of Richmond, Va., on motion of Mr. Robert
T. Barton, Jr.; Vincent Cullinan, of San Francisco, Calif., on mo-
tion of Mr. Herbert M. Bingham; Dick L. Lansden, of Nashville,
Tenn., on motion of Mr. John Paschall Davis; Dickinson R. Debe-
400278-57- -87

MONDAY, JUNE 24, 1957
345
voise, of Newark, N. J., on motion of Mr. John O. Dahlgren; and
George Frederick Randolph, of Phoenix, Ariz., on motion of Mr. Roy
Dean Burch, were admitted to practice.
No. 582. Samuel Roth, petitioner, v. United States of America.
On writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the
Second Circuit; and
No. 61. David S. Alberts, appellant, v. State of California. Appeal
from the Superior Court of California, Los Angeles County, Appel-
late Department. Judgments affirmed. No. 582 remanded to the
United States District Court for the Southern District of New York,
and No. 61 remanded to the Superior Court of the State of California,
Los Angeles County, Appellate Department. Opinion by Mr. Justice
Brennan. Separate opinion by Mr. Chief Justice Warren concurring
in the result. Separate opinion by Mr. Justice Harlan concurring in
the result in No. 61 and dissenting in No. 582. Dissenting opinion by
Mr. Justice Douglas with whom Mr. Justice Black concurs.
No. 475. Lloyd Morey, Auditor of Public Accounts of the State of
Illinois, et al., appellants, v. George W. Doud et al., Doing Business
as Bondified Systems, et al. Appeal from the United States District
Court for the Northern District of Illinois. Judgment affirmed and
case remanded to the United States District Court for the Northern
District of Illinois. Opinion by Mr. Justice Burton. Dissenting
opinion by Mr. Justice Black. Dissenting opinion by Mr. Justice
Frankfurter with whom Mr. Justice Harlan joins.
No. 107. Kingsley Books, Inc., Louis Finkelstein, Doing Business
as Times Book Shop, et al., appellants, v. Peter Campbell Brown,
Corporation Counsel of the City of New York. Appeal from the
Court of Appeals of New York. Judgment affirmed and case remand-
ed to the Court of Appeals of New York. Opinion by Mr. Justice
Frankfurter. Dissenting opinion by Mr. Chief Justice Warren. Dis-
senting opinion by Mr. Justice Douglas, with whom Mr. Justice Black
concurs, announced by Mr. Justice Brennan. Dissenting opinion by
Mr. Justice Brennan.
No. 521. Andrew R. Mallory, petitioner, v. United States of Amer-
ica. On writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for
the District of Columbia Circuit. Judgment reversed and case re-
manded to the United States District Court for the District of Colum-
bia for proceedings in conformity with the opinion of this Court.
Opinion by Mr. Justice Frankfurter.
No. 11, Original. United States of America, plaintiff, v. State of
Louisiana. On motion for judgment. The motions are continued.
Opinion per curiam announced by Mr. Justice Black. Mr. Chief

MONDAY, JUNE 24, 1957
346
Justice Warren and Mr. Justice Clark took no part in the consideration
or decision of this case.
No. 302. Cornelius Vanderbilt, Jr., petitioner, v. Patricia W. Van-
derbilt and Thomas F. McCoy, Receiver and Sequestrator. On writ of
certiorari to the Court of Appeals of New York and the Supreme Court
of New York, County of New York. Judgment affirmed and case
remanded to the Court of Appeals of New York. Opinion by Mr.
Justice Black. Dissenting opinion by Mr. Justice Frankfurter. Dis-
senting opinion by Mr. Justice Harlan. Mr. Chief Justice Warren
took no part in the consideration or decision of this case.
No. 571. Leon F. Carroll and Daniel J. Stewart, petitioners, v.
United States of America. On writ of certiorari to the United States
Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia Circuit. Judgment re-
versed and case remanded to the United States District Court for the
District of Columbia for proceedings consistent with the opinion of
this Court. Opinion by Mr. Chief Justice Warren.
The Chief Justice said:
"The orders of the Court appear upon the list certified by the Chief
Justice and filed with the Clerk and will not be announced orally."
ORDER
The Court appoints Mr. William Leigh Ellis, of Michigan, to be
Assistant Director of the Administrative Office of the United States
Courts, pursuant to the provisions of § 601 of Title 28 of the United
States Code.
No. 306. Talmadge Raley, Joseph Stern, and Emmett Calvin
Brown, appellants, v. State of Ohio. Appeal from the Supreme Court 7
of Ohio. Per Curiam: The judgment of the Supreme Court of Ohio
is vacated and the case is remanded for consideration in the light of
Sweezy v. New Hampshire by Wyman, Attorney General, No. 175,
October Term, 1956, decided June 17, 1957, and Watkins v. United
States, No. 261, October Term, 1956, decided June 17, 1957. Mr.
Justice Burton would note probable jurisdiction and set the case for
argument. Mr. Justice Clark dissents from this disposition of the
case for the reasons stated in his dissenting opinions in Sweezy v.
New Hampshire and Watkins v. United States, supra.
No. 674. United States of America, appellant, v. James B. Hunt
and Gopher Sales Company; and
No. 675. United States of America, appellant, v. Harold A. Ollhoff
and Gopher Sales Company. Appeals from the United States District
Court for the District of Minnesota;
t

MONDAY, JUNE 24, 1957
347
No. 723. United States of America, appellant, v. Michael D. Mack.
Appeal from the United States District Court for the District of
Arizona;
No. 724. United States of America, appellant, v. Joseph Cali. Ap-
peal from the United States District Court for the District of Arizona;
No. 725. United States of America, appellant, v. Earl R. Edwards.
Appeal from the United States District Court for the District of
Arizona;
No. 726. United States of America, appellant, v. Howard E. Hatch.
Appeal from the United States District Court for the Eastern Dis-
trict of Louisiana; and
No. 727. United States of America, appellant, v. Pete Harris and
Elizabeth Harris. Appeal from the United States District Court for
the Western District of Arkansas. Per Curiam: The judgments are
reversed. United States v. Korpan, No. 596, October Term, 1956,
decided June 17, 1957.
No. 835. Adams Newark Theater Co. and I. Hirst Enterprises,
Inc., appellants, v. City of Newark, a Municipal Corporation, Joseph
B. Sugrue, Director of Police of the City of Newark, et al. Appeal
from the Supreme Court of New Jersey. Per Curiam: The motion to
affirm is granted and the judgment is affirmed. Alberts v. California,
No. 61, October Term, 1956; Kingsley Books, Inc., et al. v. Brown,
Corporation Counsel, No. 107, October Term, 1956; and Roth v.
United States, No. 582, October Term, 1956, decided this day. The
Chief Justice would note probable jurisdiction and set the case for
argument. Mr. Justice Black and Mr. Justice Douglas dissent. Mr.
Justice Brennan took no part in the consideration or decision of this
case.
No. 931. Ola L. Bryan, Robert D. Carmichael, Essie M. David,
et al., appellants, v. M. G. Austin, Jr., as Superintendent of School
District No. 7 of Orangeburg County, of South Carolina, and W. B.
Bookhardt, et al. Appeal from the United States District Court for >
the Eastern District of South Carolina. Per Curiam: In view of the
repeal of South Carolina Act No. 741 of 1956 by Act No. 324 of 1957
after the decision below, 148 F. Supp. 563, the cause has become moot.
Accordingly, the judgment of the District Court is vacated and the
case is remanded to it, with leave to the appellants to amend their plead-
ings either to safeguard any rights that may have accrued to them by
virtue of the operation of the repealed Act or to set forth a cause of
action based on the operation of the new Act. Rule 15 of the Federal
Rules of Civil Procedure.
No. 934. Gundaker Central Motors, Inc., appellant, v. Frederick J.
Gassert, Jr., Director of Division of Motor Vehicles of the State of
New Jersey, et al. Appeal from the Supreme Court of New Jersey.
Per Curiam: The motion to dismiss is granted and the appeal is dis-

sideration or decision of these cases.
Mr. Justice Burton took no part in the con-
MONDAY, JUNE 24, 1957
348
missed for want of a substantial federal question. Mr. Justice Bren-
nan took no part in the consideration or decision of this case.
No. 462. Abram Flaxer, petitioner, v. United States of America;
No. 742. Lloyd Barenblatt, petitioner, v. United States of America ;
and
No. 884. Harry Sacher, petitioner, v. United States of America.
On petition for writs of certiorari to the United States Court of
Appeals for the District of Columbia Circuit. Per Curiam: The pe-
titions for writs of certiorari in these cases are granted. The judg-
ments of the Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia Circuit
are vacated and the cases are remanded for consideration in light of
Watkins v. United States, No. 261, October Term, 1956, decided June
17, 1957. Mr. Justice Clark dissents for the reasons stated in his dis-
senting opinion in Watkins v. United States, supra.
No. 972. Theodore C. McBride, petitioner, v. Toledo Terminal
Railroad Company. On petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme
Court of Ohio. Per Curiam: The petition for writ of certiorari is
granted, the judgment of the Supreme Court of Ohio is reversed, and
the cause is remanded. Rogers v. Missouri Pacific R. Co., 352 U. S.
500 (1957).
Mr. Justice Frankfurter, dissenting.
In Rogers v. Missouri Pacific R. Co., 352 U. S. 500, 524, I gave my
reasons for deeming it an abuse of the Court's discretionary certiorari
jurisdiction to make cases arising under the Federal Employers' Lia-
bility Act a class exception to the Court's principle against granting
certiorari when all that is involved is the evaluation of evidence. The
circumstances of the present case vividly emphasize the objections to
such an exception.
All that is to be determined in this case is whether there were suf-
ficient facts to warrant a jury in finding that the lighting in the situa-
tion in which petitioner worked, assumed to be inadequate, caused in
whole or in part the injury to petitioner. The trial judge in the Court
of Common Pleas thought not. On review, the Court of Appeals of
Lucas County reversed: two judges thought there were enough facts
to justify a jury's finding of causation while the dissenting judge
agreed with the trial court. On review of this reversal, the Supreme
Court of Ohio, with one of its seven judges not sitting, unanimously
reversed the Court of Appeals and restored the judgment of the trial
court. 166 Ohio St. 129, 140 N. E. 2d 319. Thus, this issue of the
sufficiency of evidence for a jury's finding of relevant causation was
passed on by the three courts in the hierarchy of Ohio's judiciary.
Of the ten judges, eight found the evidence insufficient for a jury to
guess at and two thought they should be allowed to guess-for deter-
mination of causation is inescapably guessing, informed guessing
if you will, but guessing.
400278-57--88

MONDAY, JUNE 24, 1957
349
Congress saw fit to give the state courts jurisdiction of the rights it
created by the Federal Employers' Liability Act. Presumably, it had
confidence in the state courts for enforcement of these rights. It em-
phasized this confidence by a special Act, passed more than forty years
ago, which withdrew from this Court what theretofore had been ap-
pealability as of right of judgments of state courts in Federal Em-
ployers' Liability Act cases. It left adjudications brought in the state
courts with the state courts, except in instances applicable generally
to the jurisdiction on writ of certiorari, to be exercised, that is, "only
where there are special and important reasons therefor." Rule 19 of
the Revised Rules of this Court.
It cannot be too often repeated. This Court has said again and
again that a difference of opinion in weighing evidence is not included
among "special and important reasons" for granting certiorari. One
would suppose that an examination of the evidence by three courts
and ten judges of Ohio would be proof that the facts in the case
have been conscientiously canvassed. A different case would be pre-
sented were this Court to find that the Ohio Supreme Court applied
wrong legal standards to the particular facts before it or evinced
hostility to the federal statute. Either one of these grounds would
present a fair basis on which to seek review here of the decision of the
Ohio Supreme Court. But that is not the basis on which review was
sought and on which it is granted. In agreeing to take the case, the
Court merely accedes to the natural desire of an unsuccessful plaintiff
to have one more court guess whether there were enough facts on which
the jury should be allowed to do its guessing. And so the nine mem-
bers of the highest tribunal in the land, preoccupied with more than
enough cases involving the gravest issues of national importance, are
asked to take on the task of making an independent study of the rec-
ord below (for I must assume that those who review the merits have
examined the 294 pages of the record), the four opinions below, and
the briefs of parties, after three courts and ten judges of Ohio have
conscientiously dealt with questions that are not specialized questions
of federal law and indeed constitute probably the most recurring
staple business of the courts throughout the country. I must respect-
fully decline to assume this task. This Court from time to time is com-
pelled to hold that a federal court has abused some discretionary
judicial power. Abuse of judicial discretion is a technical phrase
to express a misconception of the judicial function as exercised in a
particular situation. There is no appeal from such abuse of judicial
discretion by this Court. When there is such a misuse of power, as
I deem it to be in making an exception, in effect if not formally, of
cases under the Federal Employers' Liability Act that turn merely
on evaluation of evidence, only the individual conscience remains.

MONDAY, JUNE 24, 1957
350
Since this case underscores the reasons for declining to associate my-
self in what I regard as a misuse of the power properly vested in a
minority of this Court in granting certiorari, I have no choice but to
conclude that the writ of certiorari in this case has been improvidently
granted and, having been granted, should be dismissed.
Mr. Justice Burton, dissenting.
For the reasons stated by the Supreme Court of Ohio, 166 Ohio St.
129, 140 N. E. 2d 319, I believe that petitioner's injuries were not
caused, "in whole or in part," by the possible inadequacy of the
lighting.
Mr. Justice Harlan, with whom Mr. Justice Whittaker joins, dis-
sents for the reasons given in his opinion in Rogers v. Missouri Pacific
R. Co., 352 U. S. 500, 559 (1957).
No. 9, Misc. Saul Laurence Wellman, Nathan Kaplan, a/k/a Nat
Ganley, et al., petitioners, v. United States of America. On petition
for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the
Sixth Circuit. Per Curiam: The motion for leave to proceed in
forma pauperis and the petition for writ of certiorari are granted.
The judgment of the Court of Appeals for the Sixth Circuit is vacated
and the case is remanded for consideration in light of Yates et al. v.
United States; Schneiderman v. United States; and Richmond et al.
v. United States, Nos. 6, 7, and 8, October Term, 1956, decided June
17, 1957. Mr. Justice Clark dissents for the reasons given in his dis-
senting opinion in Yates et al. v. United States; Schneiderman v.
United States; and Richmond et al. v. United States, supra.
No. 206, Misc. Anna H. Morgan, appellant, v. The State of Ohio.
Appeal from the Supreme Court of Ohio. Per Curiam: The judg-
ment of the Supreme Court of Ohio is vacated and the case is re-
manded for consideration in the light of Sweezy v. New Hampshire
by Wyman, Attorney General, No. 175, October Term, 1956, decided
June 17, 1957, and Watkins v. United States, No. 261, October Term,
1956, decided June 17, 1957. Mr. Justice Burton would note probable
jurisdiction and set the case for argument. Mr. Justice Clark dis-
sents from this disposition of the case for the reasons stated in his dis-
senting opinions in Sweezy v. New Hampshire by Wyman, and Wat-
kins v. United States, supra.
No. 686, Misc. Charles Leo Farley, petitioner, v. United States of
America. On petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit. Per Curiam: The petition
for writ of certiorari is granted, as is the motion for leave to proceed
in forma pauperis.
Petitioner was convicted of bank robbery in the United States Dis-
trict Court for the Eastern District of New York and sentenced to
20 years' imprisonment. Under 28 U. S. C. § 1915 he applied to the
7

MONDAY, JUNE 24, 1957
351
District Court for leave to appeal in forma pauperis. Petitioner, who
was assisted by court-appointed counsel in preparing his application,
contended that the evidence was insufficient to justify his conviction
and that the trial court had committed reversible error by permitting
the United States Attorney to ask him irrelevant and prejudicial ques-
tions about another criminal offense. Petitioner requested that the
District Court make available a transcript of the trial record so he
could substantiate his claimed errors. In reply the United States
Attorney filed an affidavit asserting that the evidence was sufficient
to sustain petitioner's conviction. However, the affidavit did not di-
rectly controvert petitioner's claim that the prosecuting attorney
had been allowed to inject irrelevant and prejudicial matter into the
trial. Counsel for petitioner then filed an affidavit in answer support-
ing petitioner's allegation of errors.
The District Court refused the request for a transcript of the
trial record and denied the application for leave to appeal in forma
pauperis on the ground that the appeal was "not taken in good faith"
because it was "frivolous and without merit" and "[t]he evidence
amply supported the verdict." Petitioner then asked the Court of
Appeals for permission to appeal in forma pauperis but that court
denied his request indicating that his claimed errors were without
substance. 242 F. 2d 338. And see 238 F. 2d 575.
As things now stand conflicting affidavits have been introduced
concerning petitioner's contention of errors at the trial. If the al-
legations made by petitioner and his counsel are correct then it seems
quite clear to us that his appeal cannot be characterized as frivolous.
Before his allegation of errors can be accurately evaluated, however,
to ascertain if they do have any merit he should be furnished with a
transcript of the trial record-unless counsel can agree on a statement.
of the relevant facts or some other means are devised to make the
minutes of the trial available to petitioner-so that he has an op-
portunity to substantiate his allegations and point out their significance
and so that they can be appraised on a dependable record. Cf. Johnson
v. United States, 352 U. S. 565. In our judgment petitioner has
not yet been afforded an adequate opportunity to show the Court
of Appeals that his claimed errors are not frivolous so as to enable
that court to review properly the District Court's certification that
the appeal was in bad faith. Accordingly the judgment below must
be vacated and the case remanded to the Court of Appeals for further
proceedings not inconsistent with this opinion.
Mr. Justice Clark and Mr. Justice Harlan dissent.

MONDAY, JUNE 24, 1957
352
No. 34. Charles Rowoldt, petitioner, v. J. D. Perfetto, Acting
Officer in Charge, Immigration and Naturalization Service, Depart-
ment of Justice, St. Paul, Minnesota ;
No. 572. Clemente Martinez Perez, petitioner, v. Herbert Brownell,
Jr., Attorney General of the United States of America:
No. 415. Mitsugi Nishikawa, petitioner, v. John Foster Dulles,
Secretary of State;
No. 710. Albert L. Trop, petitioner, v. John Foster Dulles, Secre-
tary of State of the United States, et al; and
No. 589. Everett D. Green, petitioner, v. United States of America.
These cases are restored to the calendar for reargument.
No. 590. Virginia Lambert, appellant, v. The People of the State
of California. Warren M. Christopher, Esquire, of Los Angeles,
California, is invited to appear and present oral argument, as amicus
curiae, in support of the appellant.
No. 873. Tom Eskridge, petitioner, v. Merle E. Schneckloth, Super-
intendent of the Washington State Penitentiary. It is ordered that
Robert W. Graham, Esquire, of Seattle, Washington, a member of the
Bar of this Court, be appointed to serve as counsel for the petitioner
in this case.
No. 838, Misc. Freddie Eubanks, petitioner, v. State of Louisiana.
It is ordered that execution of the sentence of death imposed upon the
petitioner, be, and the same is hereby, stayed pending final disposition
of the petition for writ of certiorari. In the event certiorari is grant-
ed, this stay is to continue until final disposition of the case.
No. 149. Ralph D. Swanson et al., petitioners, v. Glenn W. Traer
et al. The motion to substitute B. J. Fallon, Jr., as executor of the
estate of Bernard J. Fallon, deceased, in the place and stead of Ber-
nard J. Fallon, as a party respondent, is granted.
No. 717, Misc. Yancy A. McGowen, petitioner, v. State of Texas.
The motion of petitioner to dismiss motion for leave to file petition for
writ of error coram nobis is granted.
No. 618. Spokane Building and Construction Trades Council;
Local Union 98 of Carpenters and Joiners of America, et al., petition-
ers, v. Audubon Homes, Inc. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
Supreme Court of Washington denied.
No. 837. Local Union No. 698, Retail Clerks' Union, etc., petitioner,
v. Harry Anderson, Harold D. Vernon and W. A. Seiler, a Partner-

MONDAY, JUNE 24, 1957
353
ship, etc. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Ohio
denied.
No. 997. Lumbermen's Mutual Casualty Company, petitioner, v.
Rayford J. Wright and National Surety Corporation. Petition for
writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the Fifth
Circuit denied.
No. 1003. Atlanta Printing Pressmen and Assistants Union No. 8,
International Printing Pressmen & Assistants' Union of North Ameri-
ca, AFL-CIO, petitioner, v. John L. Parks, d/b/a American Box &
Paper Co. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court
of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 1005. Leonard C. Edwards, petitioner, v. Velvac, Inc., and
Waller Carson. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Court of Appeals for the Seventh Circuit denied.
No. 1006. Barclay Home Products, Inc., Alexander Buchman, and
Louis Buchman, petitioners, v. Federal Trade Commission. Petition
for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the
District of Columbia Circuit denied.
No. 1009. Theodore B. Russell, petitioner, v. The Texas Company,
a Corporation, Frederick T. Manning Drilling Company, a Corpora-
tion, et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court
of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit denied.
No. 1010. Angela MacEvoy Woodlaw, Otis O. James, and Stephen
W. Matthieu, Executors of the Estate of G. T. Woodlaw, Deceased,
petitioners, v. Hugh H. Earle, Former Collector of Internal Revenue
for the District of Oregon. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
United States Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit denied.
No. 1011. William Berryhill, petitioner, v. Pacific Far East Line,
Inc., a Corporation. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United
States Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit denied.
No. 1012. Augusta Hill and Mamie Hill, petitioners, v. Lewis M.
Gregory. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court
of Appeals for the Seventh Circuit denied.
No. 1019. 241 Corporation, petitioner, v. Commissioner of Internal
Revenue. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court
of Appeals for the Second Circuit denied.
No. 1022. Gene Fink, Jerome Finkelstein, Charlotte Fink, et al.,
petitioners v. Continental Foundry & Machine Company, a Delaware
Corporation, Jay T. Osler, et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
United States Court of Appeals for the Seventh Circuit denied.
No. 1024. Morris Wexler and Annabel Wexler, petitioners, v. Com-
missioner of Internal Revenue. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
United States Court of Appeals for the Sixth Circuit denied.

MONDAY, JUNE 24, 1957
354
No. 1033. Dee Brown Walker and Ann G. Walker, petitioners, v.
United States of America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
United States Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 1066. J. C. Reynolds and Agnes M. Reynolds, Husband and
Wife, petitioners, v. Raymond V. Lentz and Shirley Lentz, Husband
and Wife, et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit denied.
No. 1083. Harry C. Daniels, d/b/a Harry C. Daniels and Co., pe-
titioner, v. United States of America and Ezra Taft Benson, Secretary
of Agriculture. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Court of Appeals for the Seventh Circuit denied.
No. 1089. Barkey Importing Co., petitioner, v. M. Shafi Iravani
Mottaghi. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of
Appeals for the Second Circuit denied.
No. 1090. Rosendo Scott, petitioner, v. Felipe Segarra-Serra. Pe-
tition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for
the First Circuit denied.
No. 1014. Herschel S. Green and Madge Green, petitioners, v.
Oscar L. Green, Robert A. Green, Quinton L. Green and Alice Green.
The motion of petitioners to dispense with the printing of the petition
for writ of certiorari and to incorporate prior record is granted. Mo-
tion for extension of time to file trial record denied. Petition for writ
of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the Seventh
Circuit denied.
No. 430. Sam Achilli, petitioner, v. United States of America; and
No. 834. Sam Achilli, petitioner, v. United States of America;
No. 435. John F. Mulcahey, District Director of Immigration and
Naturalization Service, Detroit District, petitioner, v. Guiseppe
Catalanotte;
No. 866. Sun Oil Company, appellant, v. State Mineral Board and
Alice J. Miller;
No. 889. Kenneth Talley, petitioner, v. Sears, Roebuck & Co.;
No. 915. Blondeva Atkins, petitioner, v. United States of America;
No. 960. William Stanger Gray, One of Lloyd's Underwriters, and
Orion Insurance Company, Ltd., Insurance Company Member of the
Institute of London Underwriters, petitioners, v. New York, New
Haven and Hartford Railroad Company;
No. 1017. The Smoot Sand & Gravel Corporation, petitioner, v.
Commissioner of Internal Revenue;
No. 591, Misc. Philip Henry Davis Sheridan, petitioner, v. United
States of America;
No. 618, Misc. Roger Touhy, appellant, v. People of the State of
Illinois;

MONDAY, JUNE 24, 1957
355
No. 725, Misc. Herman Faubert, petitioner, v. Gerald W. Groat
et al.; and
No. 765, Misc. Joseph Sheffield, petitioner, v. State of Louisiana.
Petitions for rehearing denied.
No. 64. Libson Shops, Inc., petitioner, v. Gustave F. Koehler, Dis-
trict Director of Internal Revenue. Petition for rehearing denied.
Mr. Justice Whittaker took no part in the consideration or decision of
this application.
No. 370. The Baltimore and Ohio Railway Company, petitioner, v.
Daniel T. Jackson. Motion of the Association of American Rail-
roads for leave to file brief, as amicus curiae, in support of the petition
for rehearing granted. Petition for rehearing denied.
No. 1013. Jack C. Massengale, petitioner, v. United States of
America. Motion to dispense with printing of the petition for re-
hearing and the petition for rehearing granted. Upon further con-
sideration of the petition for certiorari the Court adheres to its order
of June 10, 1957, denying the petition for writ of certiorari.
No. 390, Misc. Charles Gordon Vick, petitioner, v. The Memphis
and Shelby County Bar Association, Inc. Motion for leave to file
second petition for rehearing denied.
No. 580, Misc. Earl C. Smith, petitioner, v. Merle E. Schneckloth,
Superintendent of Washington State Penitentiary. Petition for writ
of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Washington denied.
No. 598, Misc. Clyde M. Johnson, petitioner, v. United States of
America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of
Appeals for the Sixth Circuit denied.
No. 608, Misc. Cornelius Nichols, petitioner, v. Richard A. McGee,
Director, California State Department of Corrections and Harley O.
Teets, Warden. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court
of California denied.
No. 679, Misc. Richard Erwin Sauer, petitioner, v. United States
of America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court
of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit denied.
No. 729, Misc. Ralph Alexander, petitioner, v. United States of
America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of
Appeals for the Eighth Circuit denied.
No. 737, Misc. Abraham Nirenberg, petitioner, v. United States of
America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of
Appeals for the Second Circuit denied.
No. 761, Misc. Ricardo Perez, petitioner, v. United States of Amer-
ica. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of
Appeals for the Second Circuit denied.

MONDAY, JUNE 24, 1957
356
No. 772, Misc. Alvin Kaplan, petitioner, v. United States of
America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court
of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 811, Misc. Richard Edward Gray, petitioner, v. O. B. Ellis,
General Manager, Texas Prison System. Petition for writ of certiorari
to the Court of Criminal Appeals of Texas denied.
No. 814, Misc. Harvey M. Matusow, petitioner, v. United States of
America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of
Appeals for the Second Circuit denied.
No. 815, Misc. Smart Creech, petitioner, v. The State of New York.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Appellate Division of the Supreme
Court of New York, Second Judicial Department, denied.
No. 818, Misc. Raymond Clifford Hodge, petitioner, v. The People
of the State of California. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Dis-
trict Court of Appeal of California, First Appellate District, denied.
No. 821, Misc. Jack Rogers Stokes, petitioner, v. The People of the
State of North Carolina. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United
States Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit denied.
No. 827, Misc. James Edgar Albert, petitioner, v. E. V. Nash,
Warden. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of
Missouri denied.
No. 519, Misc. John Wilber Davis, petitioner, v. Vernon L. Peper-
sack, Warden. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals
of Maryland denied without prejudice to an application for a writ of
habeas corpus in an appropriate United States District Court.
No. 802, Misc. George Dewey Stoneking, petitioner, v. United
States of America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Court of Appeals for the Eighth Circuit denied. Mr. Justice Whit-
taker took no part in the consideration or decision of this application.
No. 816, Misc. J. B. Hicks, petitioner, v. H. Russell Holland, Oak-
land County Circuit Court Judge, and People of State of Michigan.
Motion for leave to file petition for writ of mandamus denied.
No. 812, Misc. William Henry Bonds, petitioner, v. O. B. Ellis,
General Manager, Texas Prison System;
No. 819, Misc. Elyette Cornelious, petitioner, v. People of the State
of New York; and
No. 825, Misc. Massey G. Jordan, petitioner, v. W. Frank Smyth,
Jr., Superintendent, Virginia Penitentiary. Motions for leave to file
petitions for writs of habeas corpus denied.

MONDAY, JUNE 24, 1957
ORDER
357
Pursuant to the provisions of Title 28, U. S. C. § 42, It is ordered that
Mr. Justice Black be, and he is hereby, temporarily assigned to the
Ninth and District of Columbia Circuits as Circuit Justice;
That Mr. Justice Frankfurter be, and he is hereby, temporarily as-
signed to the Second and Seventh Circuits as Circuit Justice; and
That Mr. Justice Brennan be, and he is hereby, temporarily assigned
to the Fourth and Sixth Circuits as Circuit Justice.
ORDER
All cases submitted and all business before the Court at this term
in readiness for disposition having been disposed of, with the excep-
tion of Charles E. Wilson, Secretary of Defense, et al., v. William S.
Girard, No. 1103, October Term, 1956, and William S. Girard v.
Charles E. Wilson et al., No. 1108, October Term, 1956,
The Court will take a recess from today until Monday, July 8, next,
when it will reconvene for the sole purpose of hearing oral argument
and considering said cases, upon which day it will adjourn for the term
unless otherwise ordered.
Adjourned until Monday, July 8, next, at 12 o'clock.
✓

MONDAY, JULY 8, 1957
358
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: Mr. Chief Justice Warren, Mr. Justice Black, Mr. Justice
Frankfurter, Mr. Justice Burton, Mr. Justice Clark, Mr. Justice Har-
lan, Mr. Justice Brennan, and Mr. Justice Whittaker.
Madeline DeFina, of Brooklyn, N. Y., Thomas Patrick Moran, of
San Diego, Calif., and Charles A. Williams, of Paducah, Ky., on
motion of Mr. Solicitor General James Lee Rankin; Philip A. Rose,
of La Grange, Ill., on motion of Mr. Joseph P. O'Hara; Willard G.
Street, Jr., of Littlefield, Tex., on motion of Mr. George H. Mahon;
Bernard Whetstone, of El Dorado, Ark., on motion of Mr. Oren
Harris; Hugo L. Black, Jr., of Birmingham, Ala., on motion of Mr.
Marx Leva; Thomas E. Heffernan, of Newport Beach, Calif., on
motion of Mr. James B. Utt; John B. Wilson, Jr., of Dallas, Tex., on
motion of Mr. Charles M. Johnston; Arthur Edward Sheridan, of
Waukon, Iowa, and Arthur Lee Sheridan, of Waukon, Iowa, on motion
of Mr. Thomas H. Carolan; James Shaughnessy, of San Francisco,
Calif., on motion of Mr. Frank Flournoy Roberson; Theodore H.
Cominos, of Salinas, Calif., and Nathan Cohn, of San Francisco,
Calif., on motion of Mr. Harry S. Wender; Allan Edward Fulmer,
of Columbia, S. C., on motion of Mr. Harlan Wood; Glen T. Bashore,
of Clanton, Ala., and Quitman Ross, of Laurel, Miss., on motion of
Mr. Warren E. Miller; LaFayette Lionel Duckett, of El Campo, Tex.,
on motion of Mr. Everett Hutchinson; Horace J. Eggmann, Jr., of
Belleville, Ill., on motion of Mr. Robert Dhu Larsen; Howard Gray
Barker, of Fort Worth, Tex., on motion of Mr. William Wolcott
Goodrich; Otto John Munz, of Annapolis, Md., on motion of Mr.
Frank W. Dahn; George Charles Eblen, of Shelbyville, Tenn., on
motion of Mr. George Baillie Springston; Fred Karpf, of Chatta-
nooga, Tenn., on motion of Mr. William M. Burkhalter; Ephraim K.
Lawrence, Jr., of Louisville, Ky., on motion of Mr. M. H. Thatcher;
and Earl Joseph Carroll, of San Francisco, Calif., on motion of Mr.
Dayton M. Harrington, were admitted to practice.
No. 72. John M. Lehmann, Officer in Charge Immigration and
Naturalization Service, petitioner, v. United States of America, ex rel.
Bruno Carson or Bruno Carasaniti;
No. 403. Henry Ragonton Rabang, petitioner, v. John P. Boyd,
District Director, Immigration and Naturalization Service;
400278-57--89

MONDAY, JULY 8, 1957
359
No. 619. Chester E. Jackson, petitioner, v. John C. Taylor, Acting
Warden;
No. 620. Harriel L. Fowler, petitioner, v. Frederick H. Wilkinson,
Warden, United States Penitentiary, Atlanta, Georgia;
No. 820. Madeline V. Smith, petitioner, v. United States of
America;
No. 922. Arthur Thomas Lelles, petitioner, v. United States of
America;
No. 939. E. L. Markham, Jr., et al., petitioners, v. R. O. Burchfield
et al.;
No. 677, Misc. Jose Benedicto Lebron, petitioner, v. United States
of America;
No. 775, Misc. Francisco Cepero, petitioner, v. Pan American
World Airways et al.; and
No. 795, Misc. Luis Luciano, petitioner, v. F. T. Wilkinson,
Warden. Petitions for rehearing denied. Mr. Justice Douglas took
no part in the consideration or decision of these applications.
No. 445. Lake Tankers Corporation, petitioner, v. Lillian M. Henn,
Administratrix. Petition for rehearing denied. Mr. Justice Douglas
and Mr. Justice Whittaker took no part in the consideration or deci-
sion of this application.
No. 603. H. L. Verhaagen, James E. Cross, Jr., C. F. Griffin, et al.,
petitioners, v. Sherwood Reeder, City Manager of the City of Norfolk,
et al. Petition for rehearing denied. Mr. Justice Black and Mr.
Justice Douglas took no part in the consideration or decision of this
application.
ORDER
An order of the Chief Justice designating and assigning Mr. Justice
Reed (retired) to perform judicial duties in the United States Court
of Claims pursuant to 28 U. S. C. 294, is ordered entered on the
minutes of this Court pursuant to 28 U. S. C. 295.
No. 1103. Charles E. Wilson, Secretary of Defense, et al., petition-
ers, v. William S. Girard, United States Army Specialist 3/C; and
No. 1108. William S. Girard, petitioner, v. Charles E. Wilson et al.
Argued by Mr. Solicitor General Rankin for the petitioners in No.
1103 and for the respondents in No. 1108 and by Mr. Joseph S.
Robinson and Mr. Earl J. Carroll for the respondent in No. 1103 and
for the petitioner in No. 1108. Memoranda to come from petitioners
in Nos. 1103 and 1108.
Adjourned until further order of the Court.
☑

THURSDAY, JULY 11, 1957
360
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: Mr. Chief Justice Warren, Mr. Justice Black, Mr. Jus-
tice Frankfurter, Mr. Justice Burton, Mr. Justice Clark, Mr. Justice
Harlan, Mr. Justice Brennan, and Mr. Justice Whittaker.
The Chief Justice announced the following order of the Court :
No. 1103. Charles E. Wilson, Secretary of Defense, et al., petition-
ers, v. William S. Girard, United States Army Specialist 3/C; and
No. 1108. William S. Girard, petitioner, v. Charles E. Wilson et al.
On writs of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the
District of Columbia Circuit before judgment. Judgment of the
United States District Court for the District of Columbia reversed in
No. 1103 and its judgment in No. 1108 is affirmed. Cases remanded
to the United States District Court for the District of Columbia for
proceedings in conformity with the opinion of this Court. The
judgment of this Court shall issue forthwith. Opinion per curiam
announced by Mr. Chief Justice Warren. Mr. Justice Douglas took
no part in the consideration or decision of this case.
The Chief Justice said:
"The other orders of the Court appear upon the list certified
by the Chief Justice and filed with the Clerk and will not be
announced orally."
No. 79. International Brotherhood of Teamsters, Local 695,
A. F. L., et al., petitioners, v. Vogt, Inc. Petition for rehearing de-
nied. Mr. Justice Douglas and Mr. Justice Whittaker took no part
in the consideration or decision of this application.
No. 596. United States of America, petitioner, v. Walter Korpan;
No. 674. United States of America, appellant, v. James B. Hunt
and Gopher Sales Company;
No. 675. United States of America, appellant, v. Harold A. Ollhoff
and Gopher Sales Company;
No. 723. United States of America, appellant, v. Michael D. Mack;
No. 724. United States of America, appellant, v. Joseph Cali;
No. 725. United States of America, appellant, v. Earl R. Edwards;
No. 726. United States of America, appellant, v. Howard E.
Hatch; and
400278-57--90

THURSDAY, JULY 11, 1957
361
No. 727. United States of America, appellant, v. Pete Harris and
Elizabeth Harris. Petition for rehearing denied. Mr. Justice Doug-
las took no part in the consideration or decision of this application.
The Chief Justice announced the following order of the Court:
"All cases submitted and all business before the Court at this term
in readiness for disposition having been disposed of,
"It is ordered by this Court that all cases on the docket be, and
they are hereby, continued to the next term."
Adjourned to the time and place appointed by law.
☑