I
OCTOBER TERM, 1932
Number of cases on docket_
Cases disposed of ___
Remaining on docket_
STATISTICS
Original
Appellate
Total
21
1,016
1,037
4
906
910
17
110
127
Cases disposed of-
By written opinion.
By per curiam opinion _____
By denial or dismissal of petitions for certiorari_.
By motion to dismiss, per stipulation or under 35th rule_
Number of written opinions_-
Number of per curiam opinions_.
Number of admissions to bar (91, Oct. 13 and 56, Oct. 14 dur-
ing meeting of American Bar Association) _
REFERENCE INDEX
President Roosevelt, court recessed to attend inauguration of_
Homer S. Cummings, Attorney General, presented _____
J. Crawford Biggs, Solicitor General, presented _____.
Brandeis, J., noted a dissent in a per curiam (No. 589)--
John W. Davis, arguments of (No. 227) (Nos. 476-8) (Nos.
729–730) --
Disbarment, in the matter of-
Van Riper
Baff
Davis (failure to reply to clerk's letters)
190
ཙ༔ ༤
649
10
168
57
897
155
156
205
167
98, 137, 189
8,100
52, 85, 124
184, 202
192, 221, 234
102, 233
202
--- 202, 221
192
Thomas, Hackett, Whalen, McLaurin, Siegal, and Hol-
lander
Winburn.
Buckner_.
Fleming
Bankruptcy, promulgation of amendments to general orders
announced..
141905-33--88

II
Bankruptcy, promulgation of General Order LI announced_
Admonition to bar in re careful preparation of petitions
for certiorari__.
Counsel assigned to argue criminal, in forma pauperis case
(No. 138) ___
Pro hac vice argument (No. 90) (No. 718) -
Reapportionment act, Mississippi (No. 424) --
Reapportionment act, Tennessee (Ex parte James) -
Reapportionment act, Kentucky (No. 519) appeal dismissed
as moot___
Kentucky Chain Store tax cases (Nos. 27-30) per curiam___
Appalachian coal case (No. 504) remanded with instructions
to dismiss bill of complaint without prejudice and with
provision that the court below retain jurisdiction of the
cause, etc
…….
Kentucky gas case continued in order that proceedings might
be taken to make additional persons parties appellee upon
motion of such parties to dismiss, etc. (No. 779) -----
Opinion amended (No. 316) ---
Appeals dismissed and leave granted to file petitions for
certiorari (Nos. 356-7) -
Appeal from C. C. A. dismissed for want of jurisdiction
(No. 583)
Page
221
23
82
74, 216
46
58
82
51
160
216
208
58
147
Appeal from three-judge court dismissed for want of juris-
diction when it was admitted at argument that application
for interlocutory injunction was not pressed (No. 669) ---
Judgments of this court vacated on filing of stipulation as to
a mutual mistake of fact, and appeals ordered dismissed
(Nos. 300-1)
166
3
Cause remanded to District Court for findings and conclusion
(No. 733)
176
Reversal, per curiam (No. 25) ---
50
Certificate dismissed upon consideration of motion to bring
up entire record (No. 810) --
215
Certificate dismissed, ex mero motu (No. 811) -----
Certiorari granted and cause remanded with directions to dis-
215
miss as moot (No. 691) -
207
Certiorari denied, authorities cited (Nos. 236, 703, 825) -- 35, 185, 193
Certiorari denied, failure to file in time (Nos. 396, 638,
781) ___
53, 150, 185

III
Page
13, 50, 68
Certiorari denied for lack of summons and severance (Nos. 107,
13, 433)
Certiorari denied for lack of summons and severance, the time
not having expired petitioner joined the surety and again
petitioned for certiorari, which was granted (Nos. 648,
815) ___
152, 210
Certiorari, petition for, dismissed for failure to comply with
rules (counsel failed to make necessary deposit to print
record and petition) (No. 426) -
----
Certiorari dismissed as improvidently granted (No. 278) --
Motion for appointment of an officer to carry out decree of
this court (Sanitary District cases) ___
Motion for an award of damages, denied (No. 46) ----
Motion for extension of time to file petition for certiorari,
denied
62
116
1,7
75
8
Motion to amend petition for certiorari, granted (No.
741)_
185
13
62, 68
Motion to remand, denied (No. 109).
Motion of State of New Jersey to intervene, denied (Dorrance
estate) (No. 495) ….
Motion to dismiss denied after oral argument (No. 293). See
opinion. Counsel argued three separate appeals should have
been taken, as there were originally three cases.
Motion to modify decree denied (Nos. 335, 537, 104)
Motion for injunction (No. 585)
-
113
133,
139, 187, 193, 229, 236
162
Motion to diminish record (Nos. -, 943). ----- 170, 177, 229, 238
Rehearing, petition for, granted (No. 627) -
33
Rehearing, motion for leave to file petition for, in cases where
applications for certiorari denied at prior term, denied upon
authorities cited (No. 932).
208
Rehearing, time limited within which to file petition for (No.
657)
228
Rehearing, extension of time to file and extension of term
granted (No. 818) ____
228
Rule to show cause why original actions should not be dis-
missed for want of prosecution (Nos. 17 and 18, orig-
inal) ___
Rule to show cause issued and proceedings below stayed
(LaPrade)_
117, 124
167

IV
Rule to show cause why appeal should not be dismissed as
moot (No. 260) ----
In forma pauperis, leave granted to proceed (Nos. 138, 315,
191, 971)
Order suspending call of docket, etc___
Adjournment order
Page
167, 201
11, 82, 236
213
241
1
U.S. GOVERNMENT PRINTING OFFICE: 1933

MONDAY, OCTOBER 3, 1932
1
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: The Chief Justice, Mr. Justice Van Devanter, Mr. Justice
McReynolds, Mr. Justice Brandeis, Mr. Justice Sutherland, Mr. Jus-
tice Butler, Mr. Justice Stone, Mr. Justice Roberts, and Mr. Justice
Cardozo.
William Earl Smith, of Rochester, N. Y.; Arnold J. Brock, of
Scarsdale, N. Y.; Sol M. Selig, of New York City; Meyer Stein, of
New York City; Oscar Codier, of Houston, Tex.; Edwin O. Saun-
ders, of Washington, D. C.; Thomas Henry Moffatt, of Columbia,
S. C.; Fred DuPre Townsend, of Columbia, S. C.; M. Casewell Heine,
of Maplewood, N. J.; Frank A. Bull, of New York City; George
McLean Curtis, of Elkins, W. Va.; Theodore Hall, of Washington,
D. C.; Charles C. Berkeley, of Newport News, Va.; Thomas J. Her-
bert, of Columbus, Ohio; William P. MacCracken, jr., of Washing-
ton, D. C.; and Greek L. Rice, of Jackson, Miss., were admitted to
practice.
ORDER
No. 424. Walker Wood, Secretary of State of the State of Mis-
sissippi, et al., v. Stewart C. Broom. It is ordered that this case be
advanced and assigned for argument on Wednesday, October 12 next,
at the head of the call for that day. The clerk of this Court is
directed to notify the parties, by telegrams, of this order and the
appellants are also directed to give immediate notice to the appellee
of the assignment of this case for argument. Briefs of the parties
may be filed on or before the day the case is called for argument.
No. 5, original. State of Wisconsin et al., complainants, v. State of
Illinois et al.;
No. 8, original. State of Michigan, complainant, v. State of Illinois
et al.; and
No. 9, original. State of New York, complainant, v. State of Illi-
nois et al. Motion of complainants, The States of Wisconsin, Minne-
sota, Ohio, and Michigan, for the appointment of an officer to carry
out the decree of April 21, 1930, submitted by Mr. Gilbert Bettman
in that behalf.
No. 157. Continental Oil Company, petitioner, v. The Osage Oil
and Refining Company; and
141905 32-1
.

MONDAY, OCTOBER 3, 1932
2
No. 305. Continental Oil Company et al., petitioners, v. The Osage
Oil & Refining Company et al. Leave granted petitioners to file
reply brief on or before Friday next on motion of Mr. Chester I.
Long for the petitioners.
No. 400. John P. H. Chandler, appellant, v. The State of Maine.
Leave granted to file statement as to jurisdiction on motion of Mr.
John P. Deering for the appellant.
No.
-
original. Ex parte: W. S. Miles, petitioner. Motion for
leave to file petition for writ of habeas corpus submitted by Mr.
W. S. Miles, pro se.
No. 5, original. State of Wisconsin et al., complainants, v. State of
Illinois et al.;
No. 8, original. State of Michigan, complainant, v. State of Illi-
nois et al.; and
No. 9, original. State of New York, complainant, v. State of Illi-
nois et al. Semiannual report of defendant Sanitary District dated
July 1, 1932, presented.
No. 13, original. State of New Jersey, complainant, v. City of New
York. Semiannual report of defendant dated September 30, 1932,
presented.
No. 19, original. Ex Parte: The United States, petitioner. Return
to rule to show cause presented.
No. 299. Aero Mayflower Transit Company, appellant, v. E. A.
Conway, Secretary of State of the State of Louisiana and Louisiana
Highway Commission. Appeal from the District Court of the
United States for the Eastern District of Louisiana. Dismissed on
motion of counsel for appellant.
No. 349. F. C. Henderson, Inc., appellant, v. Railroad Commission
of Texas et al. Appeal from the District Court of the United States
for the Western District of Texas. Dismissed on motion of counsel
for the appellant.
No. 360. Mrs. Mary Belle Heavner, appellant, v. The Town of
Lincolnton and Maryland Casualty Company et al. Appeal from
the Supreme Court of the State of North Carolina. Dismissed on
motion of counsel for appellant.
Adjourned until Monday next at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Monday, October 10, will be as follows: Nos. 43,
97, 55, 98 (99 and 100), 81, 96, 1, 3, 21, and 4.

MONDAY, OCTOBER 10, 1932
80
3
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: The Chief Justice, Mr. Justice Van Devanter, Mr.
Justice McReynolds, Mr. Justice Brandeis, Mr. Justice Sutherland,
Mr. Justice Butler, Mr. Justice Stone, Mr. Justice Roberts, and Mr.
Justice Cardozo.
Fred Berthold, of St. Louis, Mo.; Henry I. Quinn, of Washing-
ton, D. C.; William R. Dennison, of Washington, Pa.; James M..
Douglas, of St. Louis, Mo.; Emery William Chase, of St. Louis, Mo.;
Henry Nathan Camp, jr., of Knoxville, Tenn.; Charles Edward
Royer, of Erie, Pa.; Calvin W. Rawlings, of Salt Lake City, Utah;
Thos. Seay Lawson, of Montgomery, Ala.; Guerra Everett, of New
York City; Hervey Files Crenshaw, of Montgomery, Ala.; John C.
Cooper, jr., of Jacksonville, Fla.; Harvey L. McGlothlin, of St..
Petersburg, Fla.; Donald J. Hoskins, of Columbus, Ohio; Robert J.
Odell, of Columbus, Ohio; Charles Metcalfe Spence, of Dallas, Tex.;
John H. Peach, of Sheffield, Ala.; Joe C. Barrett, of Jonesboro,.
Ark.; Will C. Hurst, of Long View, Tex.; Powell Clayton Freeman,
of Little Rock, Ark.; and John Randolph Neal, of Knoxville, Tenn.,
were admitted to practice.
The Chief Justice announced the following orders of the Court:
No. 300, October term, 1931. Southern Railway Company, appel-
lant, v. Commonwealth of Kentucky; and
No. 301, October term, 1931. Andrew W. Mellon, Director Gen-
eral of Railroads, appellant, v. Commonwealth of Kentucky.
Appeals from the Court of Appeals of the State of Kentucky. In
these cases the parties have made and lodged with the Clerk a
stipulation as follows:
"It is stipulated and agreed between the parties that, due to a
mutual mistake of fact, not discovered by either party until after the
judgment of affirmance in this Court, there is no tax involved herein
due the Commonwealth of Kentucky, and that the judgment of
affirmance in these causes as shown in the opinion of this Court.
rendered January 4, 1932, be set aside and the cases be dismissed, and
that such mandate of this Court go down as will effectuate this agree-
ment. It is further agreed that the appellants pay all taxable costs
not heretofore paid."
141905-32- -2
1

MONDAY, OCTOBER 10, 1932
4
It is ordered that the stipulation be filed; that in each case the
judgment of this Court affirming the judgment appealed from is
hereby set aside and the case is dismissed; that appellant pay all
taxable costs not heretofore paid and that the case be remanded to
the Court of Appeals of Kentucky for such proceedings as will
effectuate the above-quoted agreement.
No. 34. William H. Rhodes, Roy Hammer, and R. Y. Darnell,
appellants, v. E. L. Twing et al. Appeal from the Supreme Court of
the State of Texas. Per curiam: The appeal herein is dismissed for
the want of a properly presented federal question. Godchaux v.
Estopinal, 251 U. S. 179, 181; Jett Bros. Co. v. City of Carrollton,
252 U. S. 1, 6, 7; Citizens National Bank v. Durr, 257 U. S. 99, 106;
Rooker v. Fidelity Trust Co., 261 U. S. 114, 116, 117; Live Oak Water
Users Association v. Railroad Commission, 269 U. S. 354, 357.
No. 35. G. I. Williams, W. B. Wilson, and W. B. Powers, appel-
lants, v. H. C. Speer & Sons Company et al. Appeal from the Su-
preme Court of the State of Texas. Per curiam: The appeal herein
is dismissed for the want of a properly presented federal question.
Godchaux v. Estopinal, 251 U. S. 179, 181; Jett Bros. Co. v. City of
Carrollton, 252 U. S. 1, 6, 7; Citizens Național Bank v. Durr, 257
U. S. 99, 106; Rooker v. Fidelity Trust Co., 261 U. S. 114, 116, 117;
Live Oak Water Users Association v. Railroad Commission, 269 U. S.
354, 357.
No. 44. B. G. Savelle, appellant, v. The State Board of Dental
Examiners of the State of Colorado et al. Appeal from the Supreme
Court of the State of Colorado. Per curiam: The appeal herein is
dismissed for the want of a final judgment. Haseltine v. Central
Bank of Springfield, 183 U. S. 130, 131; Schlosser v. Hemphill, 198
U. S. 173, 175, 176; Louisiana Navigation Co. v. Oyster Commis-
sion, 226 U. S. 99, 101; California National Bank v. Stateler, 171 U. S.
447, 449; Bruce v. Tobin, 245 U. S. 18, 19, 20; Grays Harbor Log-
ging Co. v. Coats-Fordney Logging Co., 243 U. S. 251, 255, 256;
Ornstein v. Chesapeake & Ohio Ry. Co., 284 U. S. 572.
No. 45. John H. Miller, appellant, v. The State Board of Dental
Examiners of the State of Colorado et al. Appeal from the Supreme
Court of the State of Colorado. Per curiam: The appeal herein is
dismissed for the want of a substantial federal question. Waters-
Pierce Oil Co. v. Texas (No. 1), 212 U. S. 86, 108, 111; Fox v. Wash-
ington, 236 U. S. 273, 277, 278; Miller v. Strahl, 239 U. S. 426,
434; Omaechevarria v. Idaho, 246 U. S. 343, 348; Hygrade Provision
Co. v. Sherman, 266 U. S. 497, 501, 502, 503; Sprouls v. Binford, 286
U. S. 374, 393; Lavine v. California, 286 U. S. 528. In so far as the
papers whereon the appeal was allowed seek review of the ruling of

MONDAY, OCTOBER 10, 1932
20
5
the Supreme Court of Colorado upon the asserted denial of rights
under the Federal Constitution by the proceedings before the State
Board in this cause, not involving the validity of any statute of the
state, such papers are treated as a petition for writ of certiorari (sec.
237 (c), Judicial Code, as amended by the act of February 13, 1925,
43 Stat. 936, 938) and certiorari is denied.
No. 46. Mrs. L. L. Brown et al., appellants, v. Bank of Commerce
& Trust Company and Yocona-Tallahatchie Drainage District. Ap-
peal from the Supreme Court of the State of Mississippi. Per
curiam: The motion of the appellees to affirm the decree herein, and
for an award of damages pursuant to section 878, Title 28, U. S.
Code, is denied. The appeal in this cause is dismissed for the want
of a substantial Federal question. Missouri Pacific R. R. Co. v.
Western Crawford Road Improvement District, 266 U. S. 187; Miller
& Lux v. Sacramento and San Joaquin Drainage District, 256 U. S.
129; Houck v. Little River Drainage District, 239 U. S. 254.
No. 64. Roy Thomas and Annie Thomas, appellants, v. B. B. Rabb.
Appeal from the County Court of Rains County, State of Texas.
Per curiam: The appeal herein is dismissed for the want of juris-
diction. Section 237 (a), Judicial Code as amended by the act of
February 13, 1925 (43 Stat. 936, 937). Treating the papers whereon
the appeal was allowed as a petition for writ of certiorari as required
by section 237 (c) Judicial Code as amended (43 Stat. 936, 938),
certiorari is denied.
No. 243. Anna Bartsch Dunne, appellant, v. The State of Mary-
land. Appeal from the Court of Appeals of the State of Maryland.
Per curiam: The appeal herein is dismissed for the want of jurisdic-
tion. Section 237 (a) Judicial Code as amended by the act of Febru-
ary 13, 1925 (43 Stat. 936, 937). Treating the papers whereon the
appeal was allowed as a petition for writ of certiorari as required
by section 237 (c) Judicial Code as amended (43 Stat. 936, 938),
certiorari is denied.
No. 266. Robert B. Stearns, Receiver of Massachusetts North-
eastern Street Railway, et al., etc., appellants, v. Fred Lorenz, John
M. Armington, W. E. Lanch, et al. Appeal from the Supreme Court
of the State of New Hampshire. Per curiam: The appeal herein is
dismissed for the want of jurisdiction. Section 237(a), Judicial
Code as amended by the act of February 13, 1925 (43 Stat. 936, 937).
Treating the papers whereon the appeal was allowed as a petition
for writ of certiorari as required by section 237 (c) Judicial Code
as amended (43 Stat. 936, 938), certiorari is denied.
No. 123. S. S. Kresge Company, appellant, v. John J. Bennett,
Attorney General of the State of New York, et al., etc. Appeal

MONDAY, OCTOBER 10, 1932
6
from the District Court of the United States for the Southern Dis-
trict of New York. Per curiam: Decree affirmed. Gorham Mfg.
Co. v. State Tax Commission, 266 U. S. 265, 269, 270.
No. 135. American Airways, Inc., appellant, v. Roy C. Wallace,
Comptroller for the State of Tennessee, et al., etc. Appeal from
the District Court of the United States for the Middle District of
Tennessee. Per curiam: The order denying inerlocutory injunction
is affirmed. Alabama v. United States, 279 U. S. 229, 231; United
Fuel Gas Co. v. Public Service Commission, 278 U. S. 322, 326;
National Fire Insurance Co. v. Thompson, 281 U. S. 331, 338; United
Drug Co. v. Washburn, 284 U. S. 593; Binford v. J. H. McLeaish &
Co., 284 U. S. 598; South Carolina Power Co. v. South Carolina
Tax Commission, 286 U. S. 525; Odgen & Moffett Co. v. Michigan
Public Utilities Commission, 286 U. S. 525.
No. 231. L. S. Brannan, M. N. Carroll, D. O. Hamby, et al.,
appellants, v. William B. Harrison, as Comptroller General and
Ex Officio Insurance Commissioner. Appeal from the Supreme
Court of the State of Georgia. Per curiam: The appeal herein is
dismissed for the want of a substantial Federal question. State
Board of Tax Commissioners v. Jackson, 283 U. S. 527, 537, 542;
Brown-Forman Co. v. Kentucky, 217 U. S. 563, 573; Singer Sewing
Machine Co. v. Brickell, 233 U. S. 304, 315; Bradley v. City of
Richmond, 227 U. S. 477.
No. 238. New York Dock Company, appellant, v. New York and
Cuba Mail Steamship Company. Appeal from the Supreme Court
of the State of New York. Per curiam: The appeal herein is dis-
missed for the want of a substantial Federal question. Homer Rams-
dell Transportation Co. v. LaCompagnie Generale Transatlantique,
182 U. S. 406.
No. 253. Lincoln Fireproof Warehouse Company, appellant, v.
The City of Milwaukee, John I. Drew, Treasurer of the City of
Milwaukee, et al., etc. Appeal from the Supreme Court of the State
of Wisconsin. Per curiam: The appeal herein is dismissed for the
want of a substantial Federal question. Tidal Oil Co. v. Flanagan,
263 U. S. 444, 450, 451, 455, 456; American Ry. Express Co. v. Ken-
tucky, 273 U. S. 269, 273; Brinkerhoff-Faris Co. v. Hill, 281 U. S.
673, 680.
No. 285. Walter Harnischfeger, Marie E. Harnischfeger, et al.,
Executors under the Last Will and Testament of Henry Harnisch-
feger, deceased, et al., appellants, v. Wisconsin Tax Commission.
Appeal from the Supreme Court of the State of Wisconsin. Per
curiam: The appeal herein is dismissed for the want of a substan-
tial Federal question. Mobile, Jackson & Kansas City R. R. Co.
v. Turnipseed, 219 U. S. 35, 43; Bandini Petroleum Co. v. Supe-

MONDAY, OCTOBER 10, 1932
7
rior Court, 284 U. S. 8, 18, 19; Wabash R. R. Co. v. Flannigan, 192
U. S. 29.
The Chief Justice said:
"The other orders of the Court appear upon the list certified by
the Chief Justice and filed with the clerk and will not be announced
orally."
No. , original. Ex parte: W. S. Miles, petitioner. The motion
for leave to file petition for writ of habeas corpus is denied, without
prejudice to proper application to the appropriate District Court of
the United States or to the Judge of said Court.
No. 5, original. State of Wisconsin et al., complainants, v. State
of Illinois and Sanitary District of Chicago et al.;
No. 8, original. State of Michigan et al., complainants, v. State of
Illinois and Sanitary District of Chicago et al.; and
No. 9, original. State of New York et al., complainants, v. State of
Illinois and Sanitary District of Chicago et al. The report of the
defendant, Sanitary District of Chicago, dated July 1, 1932, is
received. Upon consideration of the complainants' motion,
It is ordered that a rule issue to the defendants in the above enti-
tled causes to show cause, by printed return, on or before Monday,
November 7 next, why they have not taken appropriate steps to effect
compliance with the requirements of the decree of this Court in these
causes dated April 21, 1930 (281 U. S. 696);
And it is further ordered that these causes be set for oral argument
upon the return of such rule upon Monday, November 14 next, at the
head of the call for that day, briefs to be filed by the parties at the
time of such argument.
No. 13, original. The State of New Jersey, complainant, v. The
City of New York. The report of defendant dated September 30,
1932, is received.
No. 15, original. The State of Wyoming, complainant, v. The State
of Colorado. The State of Wyoming is granted until and including
the first day of November, 1932, within which to present and file a
replication to the answer of the State of Colorado to the amended
bill filed herein.
No. 19, original. Ex parte: The United States, petitioner. It is
ordered that this case be set for argument on the return to the rule
to show cause on Monday, November 7 next. Further briefs, if de-
sired by the parties, to be filed at the time of the argument.
No. . Mrs. Antoinette Cherami et al., petitioners, v. William
Cantrelle et al.; and
No. . Mrs. Antoinette Cherami et al., petitioners, v. Ernest
Guidroz et al. The petition of Charles D. Breaux et al. for an exten-

MONDAY, OCTOBER 10, 1932
8
sion of time within which to apply for writs of certiorari in the above
entitled matters is denied. Finn v. Railroad Commission, 286 U. S.
559; Cresswell v. Tillinghast, 286 U. S. 560.
In re disbarment of Harold Van Riper:
Upon its being shown to the Court that Harold Van Riper, a mem-
ber of the Bar of this Court, has been convicted of a felony in the
District Court of the United States for the Southern District of New
York,
It is ordered that the said Harold Van Riper be, and he hereby is,
forthwith suspended from practice before this Court;
And it is further ordered that a rule issue to the said Van Riper
to show cause, within 40 days after the service of such rule upon
him, why he should not be disbarred from the practice of the law in
this Court.
No. 218. Kroger Grocery and Baking Company v. Minnie J.
Yount; and
No. 220. Rocco Catagrone v. The United States of America. It
is ordered that these cases be advanced and assigned for argument on
Monday, November 7, next.
No. 128. Wabash Valley Electric Company, appellant, v. Frank T.
Singleton, John W. McArdle, Howell Ellis, et al., etc. Upon sug-
gestion of the expiration of the term of office of Frank T. Singleton,
an appellee in this cause, as a member of the Public Service Commis-
sion of the State of Indiana, and upon consideration of the motion
of the appellant herein for the substitution of Ralph M. Young, suc-
cessor in office of the said Singleton, and it appearing that the said
Young and the counsel for the appellees herein consent to such sub-
stitution, it is ordered that the said motion be, and it is hereby,
granted, and that the said Ralph M. Young, as a member of the
Public Service Commission of the State of Indiana, be, and he is
hereby, substituted in the place and stead of Frank T. Singleton as
a party appellee in this cause.
No. 176. The Nashville, Chattanooga & St. Louis Railway, appel-
lant, v. Roy C. Wallace, Comptroller of the Treasury of the State of
Tennessee, et al., etc. Further consideration of the jurisdiction of
this Court is postponed to the hearing upon the merits. The atten-
tion of counsel is invited to the question whether a case or contro-
versy is presented, in view of the nature of the proceedings in the
state courts.
Upon suggestion of the resignation of Charles M. McCabe, an
appellee in this cause, as Commissioner of Finance and Taxation of
the State of Tennessee, and upon consideration of the motion of the
appellant herein for the substitution of George R. Dempster, suc-
cessor in office of the said McCabe, and it appearing that the said

MONDAY, OCTOBER 10, 1932
9
Dempster and the counsel for the appellees herein consent to such
substitution, it is ordered that the said motion be, and it is hereby,
granted, and that the said George R. Dempster, as Commissioner of
Finance and Taxation of the State of Tennessee, be, and he is hereby,
substituted in the place and stead of Charles M. McCabe as a party
appellee in this cause.
No. 51. Detroit International Bridge Company, appellant, v. Cor-
poration Tax Appeal Board of the State of Michigan;
No. 128. Wabash Valley Electric Company, appellant, v. Ralph
M. Young et al.;
No. 171. Mrs. J. H. Pobreslo, appellant, v. Joseph M. Boyd Com-
pany, Clarence E. Karn, et al.;
No. 194. Atlantic Coast Line Railroad Company and William
Smith, appellants, v. Katherine H. Ford;
No. 260. Elizabeth Coyne, as Secretary of State, etc., et al., appel-
lants, v. Charles M. Prouty, et al.;
No. 264. The United States of America, appellant, v. Chicago,
North Shore and Milwaukee Railroad Company;
No. 301. Louis K. Liggett Company et al., appellants, v. Ernest
Amos, as Comptroller of the State of Florida, et al.;
No. 424. Walker Wood, Secretary of State of the State of Missis-
sippi, et al., appellants, v. Stewart C. Broom. In these cases prob-
able jurisdiction is noted.
No. 217. The Guaranty Trust Company of New York, as Executor
etc., appellant, v. William H. Blodgett, Tax Commissioner. In this
case probable jurisdiction is noted. Further consideration of the
motion to affirm is postponed to the hearing of the case on the merits.
No. 282. Helen C. Johnson et al., etc., appellants, v. Arthur Star.
In this case probable jurisdiction is noted and the case is advanced
and assigned for argument immediately following No. 171.
No. 387. Albert Fouts, J. C. Fouts, Emmett Fouts, and Charlie
Fouts, appellants, v. The State of Georgia. Appeal from the Su-
preme Court of the State of Georgia. Per curiam: The motion for
leave to proceed further herein in forma pauperis is denied. The
appeal is dismissed for the want of jurisdiction. Section 237 (a)
Judicial Code as amended by the Act of February 13, 1925 (43 Stat.
936, 937). Treating the papers whereon the appeal was allowed as a
petition for writ of certiorari, as required by section 237 (c) Judicial
Code as amended (43 Stat. 936, 938), certiorari is denied.
On
No. 136. Henry Hawks, petitioner, v. The State of Iowa.
petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of the State of
Iowa. The motion for leave to proceed further herein in forma
pauperis is denied, for the reason that the Court upon examination

MONDAY, OCTOBER 10, 1932
10
of the unprinted record herein submitted, finds no ground upon
which a writ of certiorari should be granted. The petition for writ
of certiorari is therefore also denied.
No. 201. Adele T. Salisbury, petitioner, v. George R. Salisbury.
On petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court
of Appeals for the Second Circuit. The motion for leave to proceed
further herein in forma pauperis is denied, for the reason that the
Court upon examination of the unprinted record herein submitted,
finds no ground upon which a writ of certiorari should be granted.
The petition for writ of certiorari is therefore also denied.
No. 209. Charles Morris, petitioner, v. The United States of
America. On petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals
of the District of Columbia. The motion for leave to proceed
further herein in forma pauperis is denied, for the reason that the
Court upon examination of the unprinted record herein submitted,
finds no ground upon which a writ of certiorari should be granted.
The petition for writ of certiorari is therefore also denied.
No. 239. Marion Beebe, petitioner, v. Moormack Gulf Lines, Inc.,
et al. On petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit
Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit. The motion for leave to
proceed further herein in forma pauperis is denied, for the reason
that the Court upon examination of the unprinted record herein sub-
mitted, finds no ground upon which a writ of certiorari should be
granted. The petition for writ of certiorari is therefore also denied.
No. 294. Jacob D. Posner, petitioner, v. The United States of
America. On petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Circuit Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit. Per curiam: The
motion for leave to proceed further herein in forma pauperis is
denied, for the reason that the Court, upon examination of the un-
printed record herein submitted, finds no ground upon which a writ
of certiorari should be granted. The petition for writ of certiorari
is, therefore, also denied.
No. 295. Bert M. Densmore, petitioner, v. The United States of
America. On petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Circuit Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit. The motion for
leave to proceed further herein in forma pauperis is denied, for the
reason that the Court, upon examination of the unprinted record
herein submitted, finds no ground upon which a writ of certiorari
should be granted. The petition for a writ of certiorari is, there-
fore, also denied.
No. 363. Bruce B. Johnson, petitioner, v. The People of the State
of California. On petition for writ of certiorari to the Appellate
Division of the Superior Court of Los Angeles County, State of
California.

MONDAY, OCTOBER 10, 1932
11
The motion for leave to proceed further herein in forma pauperis is
denied, for the reason that the Court, upon examination of the un-
printed record herein submitted, finds no ground upon which a writ
of certiorari should be granted. The petition for a writ of certiorari
is, therefore, also denied.
No. 371. Fred Berg, petitioner, v. The State of Iowa. On petition
for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of the State of Iowa.
The motion for leave to proceed further herein in forma pauperis
is denied, for the reason that the Court, upon examination of the
unprinted record herein submitted, finds no ground upon which a
writ of certiorari should be granted. The petition for a writ of
certiorari is, therefore, also denied.
No. 375. August Swarz, petitioner, v. Sigmund Loeffler. On peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the Appellate Court of the State of
Illinois, First District. The motion for leave to proceed further
herein in forma pauperis is denied, for the reason that the Court,
upon examination of the unprinted record herein submitted, finds no
ground upon which a writ of certiorari should be granted. The
petition for a writ of certiorari is therefore also denied.
No. 138. Joseph F. Miller, petitioner, v. A. C. Aderhold, Warden,
United States Penitentiary, Atlanta, Georgia. The motion for
leave to proceed further herein in forma pauperis is granted. The
Clerk is directed to cause the petition and record to be printed and
to serve copies thereof when printed upon counsel for the respond-
ent. Brief for the respondent may be filed within twenty days after
such service.
No. 315. Karl F. Voehl, petitioner, v. Indemnity Insurance Com-
pany of North America. The motion for leave to proceed further
herein in forma pauperis is granted. The Clerk is directed to cause
the petition and record to be printed. Petitioner shall serve copies
thereof upon counsel for respondent when the printing has been
completed; and brief for the respondent may be filed within twenty
days after such service.
No. 53. Great Northern Railway Company, petitioner, v. Sunburst
Oil & Refining Company. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
Supreme Court of the State of Montana granted.
No. 63. A. P. Dickson et al., petitioners, v. Uhlmann Grain Com-
pany. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit
Court of Appeals for the Eighth Circuit granted.
No. 82. Frank Cook, petitioner, v. The United States of America.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of
Appeals for the First Circuit granted.
141905-32--3

MONDAY, OCTOBER 10, 1932
12
No. 90. Anna S. Bainbridge, petitioner, v. Merchants & Miners
Transportation Company. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
Supreme Court of the State of Pennsylvania granted.
No. 110. Alberto Costanzo, petitioner, v. Anna C. M. Tillinghast,
United States Commissioner, etc. Petition for writ of certiorari to
the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the First Circuit
granted.
No. 131. American Surety Company of New York, petitioner, v.
Teresa Marotta. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Circuit Court of Appeals for the First Circuit granted.
No. 137. Aetna Life Insurance Company, etc., et al., petitioners, v.
Samuel D Moses. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of
Appeals of the District of Columbia granted.
No. 141. The United States, petitioner, v. Factors & Finance Co.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Claims granted.
No. 147. Sam Hawks, J. F. McKeel, et al., etc., petitioners, v.
Charles H. Hamill, et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Tenth Circuit
granted.
No. 163. Atlantic City Electric Company, petitioner, v. Commis-
sioner of Internal Revenue. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit
granted.
No. 166. Johnson & Higgins of California, petitioners, v. The
United States. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Claims
granted.
No. 182. Pinellas Ice and Cold Storage Company, petitioner, v.
Commissioner of Internal Revenue. Petition for writ of certiorari
to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit
granted.
No. 191. The United States of America, petitioner, v. Clarence P.
Arzner. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit
Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit granted.
No. 192. David Burnet, Commissioner of Internal Revenue, peti-
titioner, v. Aluminum Goods Manufacturing Company. Petition
for writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals
for the Seventh Circuit granted.
No. 104. Bankers Pocahontas Coal Company, petitioner, v. Com-
missioner of Internal Revenue; and
No. 105. D. J. F. Stother, petitioner, v. Commissioner of Internal
Revenue. Petition for writs of certiorari to the United States Circuit
Court of Appeals for the Fourth Circuit granted and cases assigned
for argument immediately following No. 80.

MONDAY, OCTOBER 10, 1932
13
No. 177. C. V. Sorrells, petitioner, v. The United States of
America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Cir-
cuit Court of Appeals for the Fourth Circuit granted limited to
the question whether the evidence was sufficient to go to the jury
upon the issue of entrapment. Case is advanced and assigned
for argument on Monday, November 7 next, after the cases heretofore
assigned for that day.
No. 180. David Burnet, Commissioner of Internal Revenue, peti-
tioner, v. R. P. Clark. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court
of Appeals of the District of Columbia granted and the case is
assigned for argument immediately following No. 95.
No. 234. The United States of America, petitioner, v. Henry
Prentiss & Company, Inc. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit
granted and the case is assigned for argument immediately follow-
ing No. 141.
No. 314. Fairmount Glass Works, petitioner, v. Cub Fork Coal
Company et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Seventh Circuit
granted, and case assigned for argument immediately following No.
218 heretofore assigned for Monday, November 7 next.
No. 89. Vick Pantaze and Arthur Kaye Sykes, Administrators of
the Estate of Charles D. Pantaze, deceased, petitioners, v. John F.
Murphy, Trustee of Nugrape Bottling Company of Texas, Inc. On
petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court
of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit. Motion of Christo Jebeles and
Angelick Pantaze to be made parties petitioners granted. The peti-
tion for writ of certiorari is denied.
No. 107. Fidelity Union Casualty Company, petitioner, v. P. E.
Hanson et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court
of the State of Texas denied, upon the ground that the judgment
sought here to be reviewed is joint and the record fails to disclose
summons and severance. Hartford Accident & Indemnity Co. v.
Bunn, 285 U. S. 169; Capital National Bank v. Board of Super-
visors, 286 U. S. 550.
No. 109. Chicago, Burlington & Quincy Railroad Company, peti-
tioner, v. The United States. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
Court of Claims denied. The motion to remand is also denied.
No. 37. Maggie McHarg, petitioner, v. Grimes Savings Bank.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of the State of
Iowa denied.
No. 47. The Utah Idaho Central Railroad Company, petitioner, v.
L. H. Swaner. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Circuit Court of Appeals for the Tenth Circuit denied.

MONDAY, OCTOBER 10, 1932
14
No. 50. Union Indemnity Company et al., petitioners, v. Florida
Bank and Trust Company. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 291. Graham C. Woodward, Receiver of Bethlehem and
Nazareth Passenger Railway Company, petitioner, v. The Common-
wealth of Pennsylvania et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
Supreme Court of the State of Pennsylvania denied.
No. 54. George W. Crile, petitioner, v. Commissioner of Internal
Revenue. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Cir-
cuit Court of Appeals for the Sixth Circuit denied.
No. 56. Texas Gulf Sulphur Company et al., petitioners, v. Port-
land Gas Light Company. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the First Circuit denied.
No. 59. Frederick G. Crane et al., petitioners, v. The United States.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Claims denied.
No. 60. Eddy's Steam Bakery, Inc., petitioner, v. C. A. Rasmusson,
as Collector of Internal Revenue for the District of Montana. Peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of
Appeals for the Ninth Circuit denied.
No. 61. Grayson V. Heidt, petitioner, v. The United States of
America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Cir-
cuit Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 62. The Palmolive Company, petitioner, v. W. J. Conway,
Charles D. Rosa et al., etc. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Seventh Circuit
denied.
No. 65. Don T. Haynes, Trustee of Quicksilver Brothers, Bank-
rupt, petitioner, v. Edward Quicksilver. Petition for writ of cer-
tiorari to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Fifth
Circuit denied.
No. 66. Bartlesville Zinc Company, petitioner, v. Ogden L. Mills,
Director General of Railroads, as Agent. Petition for writ of cer-
tiorari to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Seventh
Circuit denied.
No. 67. Farmers Bank, petitioner, v. Lynn A. Hayes, Board of
Trust of Alvin C. York Agriculture Institute and National Surety
Company, et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Circuit Court of Appeals for the Sixth Circuit denied.
No. 68. A. Ten Eyck Brown, petitioner, v. Commissioner of Inter-
nal Revenue. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Circuit Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit denied.

MONDAY, OCTOBER 10, 1932
15
No. 69. H. O. Kane, Trustee in Bankruptcy of the Estate of Ware-
Remey Co., Bankrupt, et al., petitioners, v. S. O. Pottorff, Receiver
of the First National Bank of El Paso, Texas, et al. Petition for
writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for
the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 70. Roy C. Farnum, petitioner, v. Public Utilities Commission
of Rhode Island. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme
Court of the State of Rhode Island denied.
No. 71. Bentley M. McMullin, petitioner, v. R. F. Graeber and
M. E. Latta. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Circuit Court of Appeals for the Tenth Circuit denied.
No. 72. Bentley M. McMullin, petitioner, v. Samuel G. Martin.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of
Appeals for the Tenth Circuit denied.
No. 73. Liberty National Company, petitioner, v. Commissioner of
Internal Revenue. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United
States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Tenth Circuit denied.
No. 74. A. W. Higgins, as Trustee in Bankruptcy of the Estate of
Faget Engineering Company, petitioner, v. G. W. Brainard et al.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of the State of
California denied.
No. 75. Rosa A. Vogel and Josephine E. Vogel, petitioners, v. New
York Life Insurance Company and Theodore H. Thiesing. Petition
for writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals
for the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 76. The Provident Savings Bank and Trust Company, peti-
tioner, v. County of Shelby, Texas. Petition for writ of certiorari
to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit
denied.
No. 77. Maxwell H. Goldstein, as Trustee in Bankruptcy of Morris
B. Horowitz, petitioner, v. Adolph Rusch, Henry A. Rusch, Henry
Iselin, et al., etc. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Circuit Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit denied.
No. 78. Charles R. Edwards, petitioner, v. Johnston Formation
Testing Corporation et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 79. Peabody Coal Company, petitioner, v. Commissioner of
Internal Revenue. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United
States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Seventh Circuit denied.
No. 83. Ethel Clawans, petitioner, v. Roger J. Whiteford, Mina
Van Winkle, John Fowler, et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to
the Court of Appeals of the District of Columbia denied.

MONDAY, OCTOBER 10, 1932
16
No. 84. Ethel Clawans, petitioner, v. Sarah Carrick, Trading as
The Whalen Shop, and Mary E. Clarke, etc. Petition for writ of
certiorari to the Court of Appeals of the District of Columbia denied.
No. 85. William Hertzmark, petitioner, v. Eugene A. Lynch,
Trustee, etc. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Circuit Court of Appeals for the First Circuit denied.
No. 86. Herman Kramer, petitioner, v. General Paint Corporation
and Hill, Hubbell & Company. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Tenth Circuit denied.
No. 87. Grand Trunk Western Railway Company, petitioner, v.
Anya Carpenter, Administratrix of the Estate of John J. Carpenter,
deceased. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of
the State of Illinois denied.
No. 88. Fred L. Dickey, Kenneth McMullen Dickey, and William
Lawrence Dickey, Executors, etc., petitioners, v. David Burnet, Com-
missioner of Internal Revenue. Petition for writ of certiorari to
the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Eighth Circuit
denied.
No. 134. Camille M. Parker, Executrix of Estate of John J.
Parker, deceased, petitioner, v. C. F. Routzahn, Collector of Internal
Revenue. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit
Court of Appeals for the Sixth Circuit denied.
No. 91. The Texas & Pacific Railway Company, petitioner, v. C. C.
Baldwin. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of
the State of Texas denied.
No. 93. Hazel F. Self and Cora A. Self, petitioners, v. New York
Life Insurance Company. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Eighth Circuit
denied.
No. 94. The Central Railroad Company of New Jersey, petitioner,
v. Sophie Halges, as Administratrix of the Goods, Chattels, and
Credits of John Halges, deceased. Petition for writ of certiorari to
the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit
denied.
No. 101. United States of America ex rel. August Yokinen or
Augustus Jokinen, petitioner, v. Commissioner of Immigration, Ellis
Island, New York Harbor. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit
denied.
No. 102. Companhia DeNavegacao Lloyd Blasileiro, petitioner, v.
The Royal Mail Steam Packet Company, Owner of the S. S. “Sil-
arus" and as Bailee of her cargo. Petition for writ of certiorari
"
1

MONDAY, OCTOBER 10, 1932
17
to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit
denied.
No. 103. R. H. Macy & Co., Inc., petitioner, v. Michele G. De-
Simone. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit
Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit denied.
No. 106. Jessie M. Van Senden, Otto G. Van Senden, and National
Savings and Trust Company, etc., petitioners, v. Bessie A. O'Brien
and Myrtle E. Elgin, Administricies C. T. A. of the Estate of Irvin
E. Jones, deceased. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of
Appeals of the District of Columbia denied.
No. 108. Brampton Woolen Company, petitioner, v. John H.
Field, Collector of Internal Revenue. Petition for writ of certio-
rari to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the First
Circuit denied.
No. 111. Moran Towing & Transportation Company, Inc., peti-
tioner, v. P. Sanford Ross, Inc., and Astoria Light, Heat & Power
Company; and
No. 112. Moran Towing & Transportation Company, Inc., peti-
tioner, v. P. Sanford Ross, Inc., and Astoria Light, Heat & Power
Company. Petition for writs of certiorari to the United States
Circuit Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit denied.
No. 113. Dunbar A. Rosenthal, petitioner, v. West Disinfecting
Company, Inc. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Circuit Court of Appeals for the Third Circuit denied.
No. 114. Oroville-Wyandotte Irrigation District, petitioner, v.
J. E. Rutherford. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme
Court of the State of California denied.
No. 115. Mary Louis K. Perry, petitioner, v. Ella L. Wiggins.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of
Appeals for the Eighth Circuit denied.
No. 116. Westmoreland Specialty Company, petitioner, v. David
Burnet, Commissioner of Internal Revenue. Petition for writ of
certiorari to the Court of Appeals of the District of Columbia
denied.
No. 117. J. Clarendon McClure, as Administrator of the Estate of
Nathaniel D. McClure, deceased, petitioner, v. David Burnet, Com-
missioner of Internal Revenue. Petition for writ of certiorari to
the Court of Appeals of the District of Columbia denied.
No. 118. National Mortgage and Investment Company, petitioner,
v. Henry I. Quinn and Joseph Button, Receivers of the Provident
Relief Association. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of
Appeals of the District of Columbia denied.

MONDAY, OCTOBER 10, 1932
18
No. 119. Missouri Pacific Railroad Company, petitioner, v. Will
Harville. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of
the State of Arkansas denied.
No. 120. Missouri Pacific Railroad Company, petitioner, v. Bar-
tholomus Jonas. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Kansas City
Court of Appeals of the State of Missouri denied.
No. 121. The Baltimore and Ohio Railroad Company and Western
Maryland Railway Company, petitioners, v. Honorable William E.
Baker, United States District Judge for the Northern District of
West Virginia. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Circuit Court of Appeals for the Fourth Circuit denied.
No. 122. One Buick Sedan, etc., Hertz-Driv-Ur-Self Stations, Inc.,
Intervenor, petitioners, v. The United States of America. Petition
for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals of the District of
Columbia denied.
No. 124. First National Bank of Woodbine, Iowa, et al., peti-
titoners, v. Harrison County, Iowa, et al. Petition for writ of cer-
tiorari to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Eighth
Circuit denied.
No. 125. James R. Duffin, petitioner, v. Robert H. Lucas, Formerly
Collector of Internal Revenue for the District of Kentucky. Peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of
Appeals for the Sixth Circuit denied.
No. 126. Tamiami Investment Company, etc., petitioner, v. I. L.
Berk. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit
Court of Appeals for the Third Circuit denied.
No. 127. Robert B. McClellan, petitioner, v. State of California.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the District Court of Appeal, 1st
Appellate District, State of California, denied.
No. 129. George Mueller, petitioner, v. The United States of
America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit
Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 130. Pan American Petroleum Company, petitioner, v. The
United States of America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit denied.
No. 132. New England Trust Company, petitioner, v. John Farr,
Jr., et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit
Court of Appeals for the First Circuit denied.
No. 133. Peytona Lumber Company, petitioner, v. Commissioner
of Internal Revenue. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United
States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Fourth Circuit denied.

MONDAY, OCTOBER 10, 1932
19
No. 139. S. A. Woods Machine Company, petitioner, v. Commis-
sioner of Internal Revenue. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the First Circuit denied.
No. 140. St. Louis-San Francisco Railway Company, petitioner, v.
Mrs. Zetta Holt, Administratrix of the Estate of J. A. Holt, deceased.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of the State of
Oklahoma denied.
No. 142. Memphis Union Station Company and Missouri Pacific
Railroad Company, petitioners, v. M. Hartman, Judge of the Circuit
Court of the City of St. Louis, Missouri. Petition for writ of certio-
rari to the Supreme Court of the State of Missouri denied.
No. 143. Consolidated Indemnity and Insurance Company, peti-
tioner, v. W. A. Smoot & Co., Inc.; Clarence A. Heagey, etc., et al.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of
Appeals for the Fourth Circuit denied.
No. 144. Philip A. Lewis, petitioner, v. Leonard Daniel Ingram,
and
No. 145. Philip A. Lewis, petitioner, v. Leonard Daniel Ingram.
Petition for writs of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court
of Appeals for the Tenth Circuit denied.
No. 146. Frank E. Altemus and District of Columbia, petitioners,
v. Henry Hobart Talmadge, Executor of the Estate of Maude Tal-
madge Jones, deceased. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court
of Appeals of the District of Columbia denied.
No. 148. Orville E. Babcock, William F. Prindel, Robert J. Dun-
ham, et al., petitioners, v. Chicago Railways Company, Henry A.
Blair, and Frederick H. Rawson, etc., et al.;
No. 149. Sidney F. Tyler, Land Title & Trust Company, etc., et al.,
petitioners, v. Chicago Railways Company et al.; and
No. 150. Harrison B. Riley, Abel Davis, Frank G. Gardner, et al.,
petitioners, v. Chicago Railways Company, Henry A. Blair, and
Frederick H. Rawson, etc., et al. Petition for writs of certiorari to
the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Seventh Circuit
denied.
No. 151. Rosslyn Steel and Cement Company, Lorenzo Bruno, etc.,
et al., petitioners, v. Howard M. Etchison et al. Petition for writ of
certiorari to the Court of Appeals of the District of Columbia denied.
No. 152. The Blue Diamond Company, Inc., petitioner, v. Charles
M. Allen & Son, Inc. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United
States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit denied.
141905-32-4

MONDAY, OCTOBER 10, 1932
20
No. 153. Trademens National Bank, petitioner, v. Midland Sav-
ings & Loan Company. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United
States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Tenth Circuit denied.
No. 154. Yates-American Machine Company, petitioner, v. W. U.
Jury, Trustee of Newport Planing Mill Company, Bankrupt. Peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of
Appeals for the Third Circuit denied.
No. 155. American Viscose Corporation, petitioner, v. Commis-
sioner of Internal Revenue. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Third Circuit denied.
No. 156. Louis Michel, petitioner, v. Nicholas Solimine, doing
business as N. Solimine Co. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit
denied.
No. 157. Continental Oil Company, petitioner, v. The Osage Oil
and Refining Company. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Tenth Circuit denied.
No. 305. Continental Oil Company, a Maine Corporation, and
Continental Oil Company, a Delaware Corporation, petitioners, v.
The Osage Oil & Refining Company et al. Petition for writ of
certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the
Tenth Circuit denied.
No. 159. H. C. Rorick and Harry S. Kelsey, Individually and
as Copartners, doing business under the firm name and style of
Home Acres Land Corporation, petitioners, v. Central Farmers
Trust Company, as Substitute Trustee. Petition for writ of certio-
rari to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Fifth
Circuit denied.
No. 160. American Surety Company of New York, petitioner, v.
City of Santa Barbara and Municipal Band Company; and
No. 161. American Surety Company of New York, petitioner, v.
City of Santa Barbara and Municipal Bond Company. Petition
for writs of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals
for the Ninth Circuit denied.
No. 162. Clift and Goodrich, Inc., petitioner, v. The United
States of America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United
States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit denied.
No. 164. The Central Railroad Company of New Jersey, peti-
tioner, v. Harriet M. Miller, Administratrix of the Goods, Chattels,
and Credits which were of Ira V. Miller, deceased. Petition for

MONDAY, OCTOBER 10, 1932
21
writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for
the Second Circuit denied.
No. 165. Southern Surety Company of New York and Ernest D.
Davis, Receiver for the Southern Surety Company of New York,
petitioners, v. The Macmillan Company. Petition for writ of cer-
tiorari to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Tenth
Circuit denied.
No. 167. N. O. Nelson Manufacturing Company, petitioner, v.
F. E. Myers & Bro. Company. Petition for writ of certiorari to
the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Sixth Circuit
denied.
No. 168. Ollie Brown, George McCowan, and Mahaley Henry, etc.,
petitioners, v. J. M. Mayer and Hattie Mayer; and
No. 169. Ollie Brown, George McCowan, and Mahaley Henry, etc.,
petitioners, v. Magnolia Petroleum Company. Petition for writs of
certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the
Tenth Circuit denied.
No. 170. Investors Syndicate, petitioner, v. L. M. Willcuts, as
United States Collector of Internal Revenue for the Collection Dis-
trict of Minnesota. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United
States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Eighth Circuit denied.
No. 172. Charles S. Stumpf, petitioner, v. The United States of
America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Cir-
cuit Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 173. S. T. Swenson, Executor of the Estate of Mrs. Christina
Swenson, deceased, petitioner, v. Commissioner of Internal Revenue.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of
Appeals for the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 174. Maurice G. Clarke, Henry T. Clarke, John T. Clarke,
et al., petitioners, v. The Hot Springs Electric Light and Power
Company et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Circuit Court of Appeals for the Tenth Circuit denied.
No. 175. Harry C. Howard, petitioner, v. Commissioner of Inter-
nal Revenue. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Circuit Court of Appeals for the Sixth Circuit denied.
No. 178. James Ross Scott, Successor to J. H. McCallum, Trustee
etc., petitioner, v. Hamilton National Bank; and
No. 179. James Ross Scott, Successor to J. H. McCallum, Trustee
etc., petitioner, v. Chattanooga Finance Company. Petition for writs
of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the
Sixth Circuit denied.

MONDAY, OCTOBER 10, 1932
22
No. 181. Thomas J. Brady, petitioner, v. Wabash Railway Com-
pany. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of the
State of Missouri denied.
No. 183. Stone & Downer Co. et al., petitioners, v. The United
States of America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United
States Court of Customs and Patent Appeals denied.
No. 184. The Moffat Tunnel Improvement District et al., peti-
tioners, v. Herbert F. Boynton, MacMillan Hoopes, et al. Petition
for writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals
for the Tenth Circuit denied.
No. 185. Missouri-Kansas-Texas Railroad Company, petitioner, v.
Cora Elnora Demaray, Administratrix of the Estate of Theodore
Charles Demaray, deceased. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
Supreme Court of the State of Missouri denied.
No. 186. Newtown Creek Towing Company, petitioner, v. James
Baldwin, as Owner of the Barge "Harold L." Petition for writ of
certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the
Second Circuit denied.
No. 187. Van Rensselaer Halsey, Gerald V. Hollins, et al., peti-
tioners, v. Clinton D. Winant and W. A. Harriman & Co., Inc.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of the State of
New York denied.
No. 188. American Automobile Insurance Company, petitioner, v.
Lillian Benedetto, by her next friend, Patsy Benedetto, et al. Peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of
Appeals for the Third Circuit denied.
No. 189. Edwin J. Marshall, petitioner, v. Commissioner of Inter-
nal Revenue. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Circuit Court of Appeals for the Sixth Circuit denied.
No. 190. H. J. Spurway, as Receiver of the City National Bank,
petitioner, v. M. P. Lehman, as Sheriff of Dade County, Florida.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of
Appeals for the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 193. New York Trap Rock Corporation, petitioner, v. The
Long Island Railroad Company et al. Petition for writ of certiorari
to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit
denied.
No. 195. The Atchison, Topeka and Santa Fe Railway Company
petitioner, v. Leona J. Moran, as Administratrix of the Estate of
Joe E. Moran, deceased. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Su-
preme Court of the State of Missouri denied.

MONDAY, OCTOBER 10, 1932
23
No. 196. United States Fidelity & Guaranty Company, petitioner,
v. Dwight Bassinger. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United
States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Eighth Circuit denied.
No. 197. Lula D. Hutto, petitioner, v. Atlantic Life Insurance
Company. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Circuit Court of Appeals for the Fourth Circuit denied.
No. 198. Woodrow W. Jenkins, petitioner, v. The United States
of America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Circuit Court of Appeals for the Fourth Circuit denied.
No. 200. U. S. Industrial Alcohol Company, petitioner, v. Calmar
Steamship Corporation. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit
denied.
The Chief said:
"The attention of the Bar is directed to the importance of com-
plying with Rule 38, paragraph 2, and Rule 27, paragraph 2, in
presenting petitions for writs of certiorari. Such compliance is
essential as an appropriate aid to the Court in acting on such appli-
cations. Failure to comply with these Rules will be deemed suffi-
cient ground for a denial of the petition."
No. 1. Texas and Pacific Railway Company et al., appellants, v.
The United States of America et al. Motion of Gaston L. Porterie,
as Attorney General for the State of Louisiana, to substitute his
name for that of Percy Saint, formerly Attorney General, as solicitor
for the State of Louisiana and Louisiana Public Service Commis-
sion, interveners, granted, on motion of Mr. Wylie M. Barrow in that
behalf.
No. 326. J. H. Stephenson et al., appellants, v. T. Binford et al.
Joint motion to advance submitted by Mr. R. C. Fullbright in that
behalf.
-
No.
- original. Ex parte: Charles Clay James, petitioner.
Motion for leave to file petition for writ of mandamus submitted by
Mr. John Randolph Neal for the petitioner.
No. 11, original. Commonwealth of Kentucky, complainant, v.
State of Indiana et al. Report No. 5 of the defendant State of
Indiana presented.
No. 43. William Grau, petitioner, v. The United States of America.
Argued by Mr. Charlton B. Thompson for the petitioner, and by
Mr. Solicitor General Thacher for the respondent.

MONDAY, OCTOBER 10, 1932
24
No. 97. Jack Gebardi et al., petitioners, v. The United States of
America. Argued by Mr. William F. Waugh for the petitioners and
by Mr. Assistant Attorney General Richardson for the respondent.
No. 55. Cesaro Sgro, petitioner, v. The United States of America.
Argued by Mr. Irving K. Baxter for the petitioner, and by Mr.
Assistant Attorney General Youngquist for the respondent.
No. 98. Ozie Powell et al., petitioners, v. State of Alabama;
No. 99. Haywood Patterson, petitioner, v. State of Alabama; and
No. 100. Charlie Weems et al., petitioners, v. State of Alabama.
Argued by Mr. Walter H. Pollack for the petitioners, and by Mr.
Thomas E. Knight, jr., for the respondent.
No. 81. The Alton Railroad Company, appellant, v. The United
States of America et al. Argument commenced by Mr. Frank H.
Towner for the appellant.
Adjourned until to-morrow at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Tuesday, October 11, will be as follows: Nos. 81,
96, 1, 3, 21, 4, 5, 6, 7, and 9.
Х

TUESDAY, OCTOBER 11, 1932
25
25
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: The Chief Justice, Mr. Justice Van Devanter, Mr. Jus-
tice McReynolds, Mr. Justice Brandeis, Mr. Justice Sutherland, Mr.
Justice Butler, Mr. Justice Stone, Mr. Justice Roberts, and Mr.
Justice Cardozo.
W. Wallace Fry, of Mexico, Mo.; David E. Hume, of Eagle Pass,
Tex.; Edgar G. Braun, of Detroit, Mich.; Rollin W. Meeker, of
Binghamton, N. Y.; Dix H. Rowland, of Tacoma, Wash.; David S.
Atkinson, of Savannah, Ga.; Harris L. Danner, of Oklahoma City,
Okla.; Michael J. Evansha, of Washington, D. C.; William J. Fitz-
gerald, of Scranton, Pa.; Dennis A. Dooley, of Boston, Mass.;
Charles D. Atkinson, of Fayetteville, Ark.; Orin J. Wardwell, of
Northwood, Iowa; Hugh V. Wall, of Brookhaven, Miss.; James E.
King, of St. Louis, Mo.; Sybil H. Holmes, of Boston, Mass.; Eleanor
S. Burr, of Boston, Mass.; George M. Wallace, of Baton Rouge, La.;
Elmer W. Voorheis, of Detroit, Mich.; John Horace Mariano, of
New York City; Umberto D'Alessandro, of New York City; Lester
D. Summerfield, of Reno, Nev.; Peter James Keane, of New York
City; Joseph P. Blechman, of New York City; Eugene E. Brossard,
of Madison, Wis.; Francis Thornton Bartlett, of Cincinnati, Ohio;
Solomon Weiss, of New Orleans, La.; Albert W. McCollough, of
Laramie, Wyo.; Robert K. Bell, of Philadelphia, Pa.; T. Millet
Hand, of Cape May, N. J.; Charles E. Wells, of Shawnee, Okla.;
William Ernest Wells, of Prague, Okla.; Edward P. Dougherty, of
Dallas, Tex.; Fletcher Riley, of Lawton, Okla.; and Frank E.
Tressler, of New Bloomfield, Pa., were admitted to practice.
No. 1. The Texas and Pacific Railway Company et al., appellants,
v. The United States of America et al. Motion for leave to file brief
of Western Pennsylvania Coal Traffic Bureau, as amicus curiae, sub-
mitted by Mr. August L. Gutheim in that behalf, and the motion.
denied.
No. 81. The Alton Railroad Company, appellant, v. The United
States of America et al. Argument continued by Mr. Frank H.
Towner for the appellant, and concluded by Mr. J. Stanley Payne
for the appellees.
141905-32- -5

TUESDAY, OCTOBER 11, 1932
26
No. 96. The United States of America, petitioner, v. Great North-
ern Railway Company. Argued by Mr. Solicitor General Thacher
for the petitioner, and by Mr. F. G. Dorety for the respondent.
No. 1. The Texas and Pacific Railway Company et al., appellants,
v. The United States of America et al. Four hours allowed for the
oral argument of this case. Argument commenced by Mr. Charles
M. Spence for the appellants, Texas and Pacific Railway Company
et al.
Adjourned until to-morrow at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Wednesday, October 12, will be as follows: Nos.
1, 424, 3, 21, 4, 5, 6, 7, 9, and 10.

WEDNESDAY, OCTOBER 12, 1932
27
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: The Chief Justice, Mr. Justice Van Devanter, Mr. Justice
McReynolds, Mr. Justice Brandeis, Mr. Justice Sutherland, Mr.
Justice Butler, Mr. Justice Stone, Mr. Justice Roberts, and Mr.
Justice Cardozo.
Paul E. Tuthill, of New York City; Morgan F. Jones, of Jackson-
ville, Fla.; Edward A. Donnelly, of Baltimore, Md.; Joseph J.
Gravely, of St. Louis, Mo.; H. Edmund Rodgers, of Wilmington,
N. C.; Clarence R. Innis, of Seattle, Wash.; William M. Allen, of
Seattle, Wash.; John Kirkland Clark, of New York City; Truman
Sunderland Safford, of New York City; George Thornburg, of St.
Clairsville, Ohio; Grace Elmore Gibson, of Tulsa, Okla.; Milton
William Baer, of Milwaukee, Wis.; U. Andrew Bell, of Lake Charles,
La.; Lilian M. B. Rodgers, of Wilmington, N. C.; Rolla N. Carter,
of Washington, D. C.; Henry S. Boynton, of Washington, D. C.;
Frank Driscoll, of Baltimore, Md.; William Harvey Marshall, of
Baltimore, Md.; Mary-Chase Clark, of New York City; Dora Jung-
man, of Yonkers, N. Y.; Clarice Margoles Baright, of New York
City; John C. Kelley, of Honolulu, Hawaii; Harry Reynolds Hewitt,
of Honolulu, Hawaii; Herbert Emerson Munro, of Detroit, Mich.;
Claud C. Westerfeld, of Dallas, Tex.; Ralph William Liddy, of
Detroit, Mich.; John E. Coates, jr., of Little Rock, Ark.; Harry L.
Fogg, of El Reno, Okla.; Wm. P. McGinnis, of Tulsa, Okla.;
Raphael Tourover, of Washington, D. C.; Lincoln L. Kellogg, of
Asheville, N. C.; Joseph Fischer, of Yonkers, N. Y.; Eustace W.
Tomlinson, of New York City; and Leo Brewer, of San Antonio,
Tex., were admitted to practice.
No. 424. Walker Wood, Secretary of State of the State of Mis-
sissippi et al., appellants, v. Stewart C. Broom. Leave granted to
file brief of the Commonwealth of Virginia, as amicus curiae, on.
motion of Mr. Edwin H. Gibson in that behalf.
No. 1. The Texas and Pacific Railway Company et al., appellants,
v. The United States of America et al. Reargument continued by
Mr. Charles M. Spence for the appellants, Texas and Pacific Railway
141905 32-6

WEDNESDAY, OCTOBER 12, 1932
28
Company et al.; by Mr. Luther M. Walter for appellants, New
Orleans Joint Traffic Bureau et al.; by Mr. Wylie M. Barrow for
appellant, The State of Louisiana; by Mr. John St. Paul, jr., for
appellant, Board of Commissioners of the Port of New Orleans;
by Mr. Daniel W. Knowlton for appellees, The United States and
Interstate Commerce Commission; by Mr. R. S. Outlaw for appel-
lees, Missouri-Kansas-Texas R. R. Co. et al.; and by Mr. R. C.
Fulbright for appellees, Galveston Chamber of Commerce et al.
Adjourned until to-morrow at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Thursday, October 13, will be as follows: Nos.
1, 424, 3, 21, 4, 5, 6 (and 7), 9, 10, and 13.

THURSDAY, OCTOBER 13, 1932
29
29
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: The Chief Justice, Mr. Justice Van Devanter, Mr.
Justice McReynolds, Mr. Justice Brandeis, Mr. Justice Sutherland,
Mr. Justice Butler, Mr. Justice Stone, Mr. Justice Roberts, and Mr.
Justice Cardozo.
Edgar S. McKaig, of Philadelphia, Pa.; Edwin R. Bentley, of
Lakeland, Fla.; Thomas H. Fogerty, of Binghamton, N. Y.; Glenn
C. Beechler, of New York City; W. I. Evans, of Miami, Fla.; Mur-
ray Sams, of De Land, Fla.; Adolph R. Janecky, of Racine, Wis.;
Lloyd Z. Morgan, of Jacksonville, Fla.; C. B. Peeler, of Jack-
sonville, Fla.; William R. Strickland, of Newark, N. J.; Francis J.
Carney, of Boston, Mass.; John A. Canavan, of Winthrop, Mass.;
Charles S. Reed, of Omaha, Nebr.; H. P. Osborne, of Jacksonville,
Fla.; Louis S. Ashman, of Baltimore, Md.; Wm. H. Lawrence, of
Baltimore, Md.; Homer Hummel Strickler, of Hummelstown, Pa.;
William C. Pettit, of Greenville, Pa.; Milford L. McBride, of Grove
City, Pa.; Robert A. Hefner, of Oklahoma City, Okla.; Charles E.
Clark, of New Haven, Conn.; H. Kay George, of Chicago, Ill.;
Ernest J. Torregano, of San Francisco, Calif.; Ella J. Sullivan, of
Washington, D. C.; Greenberry Simmons, of Louisville, Ky.; Robert
L. Stearns, of Boulder, Colo.; Lawrence Wheeler De Muth, of
Boulder, Colo.; George Schuyler Tarbell, of Ithaca, N. Y.; George
Schuyler Tarbell, jr., of New York City, N. Y.; William P. Cary, of
San Diego, Calif.; Claude S. Hale, of St. Louis, Mo.; Wilson W.
Wyatt, of Louisville, Ky.; William G. Griffith, of Santa Barbara,
Calif.; Harry N. Pritzker, of Chicago, Ill.; Abram N. Pritzker, of
Chicago, Ill.; Jack N. Pritzker, of Chicago, Ill.; Carl V. Essery, of
Detroit, Mich.; J. E. Holmes, of Memphis, Tenn.; Harry A. Silsbee,
of Lansing, Mich.; Benjamin Bulmer, of Chester, N. Y.; Clayton F.
Jennings, of Lansing, Mich.; Charles W. Kehl, of New Orleans, La.;
Joel Reaves Wells, of Orlando, Fla.; Raymond D. Knight, of Jack-
sonville, Fla.; Samuel Jesse Buzzell, of New York City; Albert L.
Wardlaw, of Columbia, S. C.; Frank E. Trobaugh, of West Frank-
fort, Ill.; Samuel A. Montgomery, of Media, Pa.; Thomas C. Egan,
of Philadelphia, Pa.; Jerome E. Wideman, of West Palm Beach,
Fla.; J. Field Wardlaw, of West Palm Beach, Fla.; James C. Crum-
lish, of Philadelphia, Pa.; David F. Maxwell, of Philadelphia, Pa.;
Rudolph M. Hirschwald, of Philadelphia, Pa.; David D. Goff, of
Philadelphia, Pa.; David Kimmel, of Paterson, N. J.; Sam Men-
141905-32-7

THURSDAY, OCTOBER 13, 1932
30
delsohn, of Paterson, N. J.; Michael Levin, of Milwaukee, Wis.;
Wesley H. Bengel, of Newport, Ark.; Wm. H. Rogers, of Jack-
sonville, Fla.; Bertrand H. Smyers, jr., of Pittsburgh, Pa.; Charles
A. Wilson, of Superior, Wis.; John H. Sweberg, of Rhinelander,
Wis.; J. T. McGill, of Bentonville, Ark.; Harry C. Shull, of Sioux
City, Iowa; Thos. J. Guthrie, of Des Moines, Iowa; Lawrence S.
Camp, of Fairburn, Ga.; Lewis M. Poe, jr., of Tulsa, Okla.; Allen
Wood Rigsby, of Oklahoma City, Okla.; Nadia Williams, of Los
Angeles, Calif.; William T. Pridmore, of Chicago, Ill.; Delbert J.
White, of Chicago, Ill.; Samuel E. Kresch, of Bayonne, N. J.; Don-
ald C. McCarthy, of Hartford, Conn.; Benjamin Miller, of New
York City; Thomas L. Marcaccio, of Providence, R. I.; David L.
Morse, of Blue Earth, Minn.; C. Edmund Worth, of Tampa, Fla.;
Robert A. Henderson, jr., of Fort Myers, Fla.; Alfred L. McCarthy,
of Miami, Fla.; Lewis Twyman, of Miami, Fla.; Herbert C. Hirsch-
boeck, of Milwaukee, Wis.; Leland Hyzer, of Miami, Fla.; Max
Raskin, of Milwaukee, Wis.; Frank C. Haymond, of Fairmont,
W. Va.; David E. Bane, of Uniontown, Pa.; Arthur J. Kause, of
Dayton, Ohio; Hamilton Murray, of San Francisco, Calif.; Frank
M. Drake, of Louisville, Ky.; Charles H. Eyster, of Decatur, Ala.;
and Robert E. Cowden, of Dayton, Ohio, were admitted to practice.
No. 1. The Texas and Pacific Railway Company et al., appellants,
v. The United States of America et al. Reargument concluded by
Mr. Charles M. Spence for the appellants, The Texas and Pacific
Railway Company et al., and case submitted by Mr. A. L. Burford
and Mr. R. E. Milling, jr., for appellants, Louisiana and Arkansas
Railway Company et al., and by Mr. Edward R. Schowalter for
appellant, Louisiana Public Service Commission.
No. 424. Walker Wood, Secretary of State of the State of Missis-
sippi et al., appellants, v. Stewart C. Broom. Argument com-
menced by Mr. J. A. Lauderdale for the appellants, continued by Mr.
Hugh V. Wall and Mr. Cleon K. Calvert for the appellee, and
concluded by Mr. William H. Watkins for the appellants.
No. 3. American Surety Company of New York, petitioner, v.
Vivian F. Baldwin and E. R. Baldwin; and
No. 21. Vivian F. Baldwin and E. R. Baldwin, petitioners, v.
American Surety Company of New York. Argument commenced by
Mr. William Marshall Bullitt for the American Surety Company
of New York.
Adjourned until to-morrow at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Friday, October 14, will be as follows: Nos. 3
(and 21), 4, 5, 6 (and 7), 9, 10, 13, 14, 15, and 16.
☑
It

FRIDAY, OCTOBER 14, 1932
31
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: The Chief Justice, Mr. Justice Van Devanter, Mr. Justice
McReynolds, Mr. Justice Brandeis, Mr. Justice Sutherland, Mr. Jus-
tice Butler, Mr. Justice Stone, Mr. Justice Roberts, and Mr. Justice
Cardozo.
Gus O. Nations, of St. Louis, Mo.; Margaret Mary Pierce, of
Chicago, Ill.; Frank H. Mancill, of Philadelphia, Pa.; Percival H.
Granger, of Philadelphia, Pa.; J. C. Hannum, of Cleveland, Ohio;
Max M. Braun, of Detroit, Mich.; Anne M. Evans, of St. Louis, Mo.;
Ernest Everett Goodrich, of Randolph, Vt.; John U. Loomis, of
Cheyenne, Wyo.; Arthur T. Vanderbilt, of Newark, N. J.; John T.
Dwyer, of Norwalk, Conn.; Cyrus W. Lunn, of Union City, N. J.;
Wm. DeLorenzo, of Hackensack, N. J.; Harry Truax, of Freehold,
N. J.; Leighton P. Stradley, of Philadelphia, Pa.; James F. Arm-
strong, of Providence, R. I.; Charles H. Stewart, of Newark, N. J.;
I. Leonard Aronson, of Pittsburgh, Pa.; Harry M. Aronson, of
Pittsburgh, Pa.; Harvey Morton Aronson, of Pittsburgh, Pa.; George
J. Campbell, of Pittsburgh, Pa.; Schofield Andrews, of Philadel-
phia, Pa.; Max J. Spann, of Pittsburgh, Pa.; Joseph H. Sundheim,
of Philadelphia, Pa.; W. Norman Morris, of Philadelphia, Pa.;
Ralph Wesley Wescott, of Camden, N. J.; Stewart Nase, of Lans-
dale, Pa.; Thos. R. Clevenger, of Camden, N. J.; Wm. Chas. Brown,
of Philadelphia, Pa.; Francis Lyttleton Maguire, of Philadelphia,
Pa.; Vitold E. Balukiewicz, of Philadelphia, Pa.; Martin Feldman,
of Philadelphia, Pa.; Albert Smith Faught, of Philadelphia, Pa.;
Hildah Alden Johnson, of Chicago, Ill.; Ada M. Chivvis, of St.
Louis, Mo.; John Martin Doyle, of Philadelphia, Pa.; Geo. P. Wil-
liams, jr., of Philadelphia, Pa.; L. Leroy Deininger, of Philadelphia,
Pa.; G. Herbert Jenkins, of Norristown, Pa.; George Boochever,
of New York City; W. A. Lybrand, of Oklahoma City, Okla.; Irving
Schwed, of Somerville, N. J.; Thomas B. K. Ringe, of Philadelphia,
Pa.; John B. Gest, of Philadelphia, Pa.; Frank L. Shallow, of
Philadelphia, Pa.; William Horenstein, of Philadelphia, Pa.; Leo
Weinrott, of Philadelphia, Pa.; Louis E. Levinthal, of Philadelphia,
Pa.; Robert M. Bernstein, of Philadelphia, Pa.; Leon H. Rose, of
Camden, N. J.; Carl M. Gray, of Petersburg, Ind.; Kenneth B. Cope,
of Canton, Ohio; Genevieve R. Cline, of New York City; Mary B.
141905 32- -8

FRIDAY, OCTOBER 14, 1932
32
Grossman, of Cleveland, Ohio; Victor C. Mieher, of Tulsa, Okla.;
and Edward S. Delaplaine, of Frederick, Md., were admitted to
practice.
No. 362. Wallace B. Davis et al., petitioners, v. The State of
North Carolina. Leave granted to file reply brief of petitioners on
or before Thursday next on motion of Mr. Henry B. Morrow in
behalf of counsel for petitioners.
No. 3. American Surety Company of New York, petitioner, v.
Vivian F. Baldwin and E. R. Baldwin; and
No. 21. Vivian F. Baldwin and E. R. Baldwin, petitioners, v.
American Surety Company of New York. Argument continued by
Mr. William Marshall Bullitt for the American Surety Company
of New York; by Mr. James P. Ailshie, jr., for Baldwin et al.; and
concluded by Mr. Allan C. Rowe for the American Surety Company
of New York.
No. 4. Seaboard Air Line Railway Company, appellant, v. A. W.
Watson. Argued by Mr. W. J. Oven for the appellant, and case
submitted by Mr. John E. Mathews for the appellee.
No. 5. The New York Central Securities Corporation, appellant,
v. The United States of America et al. Three hours allowed for the
oral argument of this case. Argument commenced by Mr. Frederick
A. Henry for the appellant.
Adjourned until Monday next at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Monday, October 17, will be as follows: Nos. 5, 6
(and 7), 9, 10, 13, 14, 15, 16, 18, and 19.
☑

MONDAY, OCTOBER 17, 1932
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
33
Present: The Chief Justice, Mr. Justice Van Devanter, Mr.
Justice McReynolds, Mr. Justice Brandeis, Mr. Justice Sutherland,
Mr. Justice Butler, Mr. Justice Stone, Mr. Justice Roberts, and
Mr. Justice Cardozo.
Dean Alfange, of New York City; George E. Phillies, of Buffalo,
N. Y.; Cyril D. Hill, of Seattle, Wash.; F. Bascom Smith, of Wash-
ington, D. C.; Leo Guzik, of New York City; Thomas N. Tappy, of
Daytona Beach, Fla.; Ernest F. Jenkins, of Stillwater, Okla.; James
T. Guy, of Milwaukee, Wis.; D. Lynch Younger, of Washington,
D. C.; S. King Funkhouser, of Roanoke, Va.; Clive C. Handy, of
White Plains, N. Y.; Saul Schein, of Pittsburgh, Pa.; James E.
Shifflette, of Washington, D. C.; Samuel Diamond, of Philadelphia,
Pa.; Alvin D. Blieden, of Chicago, Ill.; William Mitchell, of St.
Paul, Minn.; and Walter L. Rice, of New York City, were admitted
to practice.
The Chief Justice said:
"The orders of the Court appear upon the list certified by the
Chief Justice and filed with the Clerk and will not be announced
orally."
No. 627, October Term, 1931. George P. Porter, Auditor, etc.,
appellant, v. Investors Syndicate. The petition for a rehearing is
granted and the cause is assigned for reargument on Monday,
November 14, next after the cases heretofore assigned for that
day.
No., original. Ex Parte: Charles Clay James, petitioner. A
rule is ordered to issue returnable within ten days from this date
requiring the respondent to show cause why leave to file the petition
for a writ of mandamus should not be granted.
No. 11, original. Commonwealth of Kentucky, complainant, v.
State of Indiana et al. Report No. 5 of the defendant, State of
Indiana, is received and ordered filed.
No. 417. Gertrude D. Reed, petitioner, v. Occidental Building &
Loan Association et al. On petition for writ of certiorari to the
Supreme Court of the State of Nebraska. The motion for leave to
proceed further herein in forma pauperis is denied, for the reason
that the Court, upon examination of the unprinted papers herein
submitted, finds no ground upon which a writ of certiorari should
141905-32- -9
L

MONDAY, OCTOBER 17, 1932
34
be granted. The petition for writ of certiorari is therefore also
denied.
No. 326. J. H. Stephenson et al., appellants, v. T. Binford et al.
In this case probable jurisdiction is noted. The joint motion to
advance is granted and the case is assigned for argument on Mon-
day, November 14, next after the cases heretofore assigned for that
day.
No. 378. Jimmie Burns, petitioner, v. The United States of
America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit
Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit granted and the case assigned
for argument on Monday, November 14, next after the cases hereto-
fore assigned for that day.
No. 308. The United States, petitioner, v. Memphis Cotton Oil
Company. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Claims
granted and the case assigned for argument immediately following
No. 234.
No. 202. Third National Bank and Trust Company of Spring-
field et al., executors, petitioners, v. Thomas W. White, Collector of
Internal Revenue. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Circuit Court of Appeals for the First Circuit granted.
No. 215. E. G. Palmer, petitioner, v. Mrs. Agnes B. McGraw
Bender, Administratrix, etc. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit granted.
No. 227. Richard Reid Rogers, petitioner, v. Guaranty Trust
Company of New York et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit
granted.
No. 228. George A. Ohl & Company, petitioner, v. The A. L.
Smith Iron Works; and
No. 229. George A. Ohl & Company, petitioner, v. The A. L.
Smith Iron Works. Petition for writs of certiorari to the United
States Circuit Court of Appeals for the First Circuit granted.
No. 272. Norwegian Nitrogen Products Company, petitioner, v.
The United States. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United
States Court of Customs and Patent Appeals granted.
No. 278. Fort Smith Suburban Railway Company et al., peti-
tioners, v. The Kansas City Southern Railway Company. Petition
for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of the State of Arkansas
granted.
No. 283. David Burnet, Commissioner of Internal Revenue, peti-
tioner, v. Murry Guggenheim. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit
granted.

MONDAY, OCTOBER 17, 1932
35
No. 286. The New York Central Railroad Company, as Owner,
etc., petitioner, v. Tug "Talisman" et al. Petition for writ of
certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Sec-
ond Circuit granted.
No. 304. The People of the State of New York, petitioner, v.
Irving Trust Company, as Trustee, etc. Petition for writ of certio-
rari to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Second
Circuit granted.
No. 316. The United States of America, petitioner, v. Dubilier
Condenser Corporation;
No. 317. The United States of America, petitioner, v. Dubilier
Condenser Corporation; and
No. 318. The United States of America, petitioner, v. Dubilier
Condenser Corporation. Petition for writs of certiorari to the United
States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Third Circuit granted.
No. 335. Ray Lyman Wilbur, Secretary of the Interior, peti-
tioner, v. The United States of America ex rel. Chestatee Pyrites &
Chemical Corporation. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court
of Appeals of the District of Columbia granted.
No. 319. The United States, petitioner, v. Acme Operating Cor-
poration et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Claims
granted.
No. 346. Union Bank & Trust Company, petitioner, v. R. C.
Phelps, Individually, etc. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Su-
preme Court of the State of Alabama granted.
No. 359. Mary Rocco, as Executrix, etc., petitioner, v. Lehigh
Valley Railroad Company. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
Supreme Court of the State of New York granted.
No. 379. The Pennsylvania Railroad Company, petitioner, v.
Margaret V. Chamberlain, as Administratrix, etc. Petition for writ
of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the
Second Circuit granted.
No. 236. Romeo D. Wilson and M. N. Floyd, petitioners, v. The
United States of America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit denied.
Husty v. United States, 282 U. S. 694, 702; David v. United States,
283 U. S. 859.
No. 203. The Philip Carey Manufacturing Company, petitioner,
v. Charles M. Dean, Former United States Collector, etc. Petition
for writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals
for the Sixth Circuit denied.

MONDAY, OCTOBER 17, 1932
36
No. 204. Leroy V. Scheurholz, petitioner, v. L. G. Roach, Trading
and Doing Business under and in the name of the Coca Cola Bot-
tling Works. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Circuit Court of Appeals for the Fourth Circuit denied.
No. 205. Lionel J. Ansardi, petitioner, v. The United States of
America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Cir-
cuit Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 206. Fred Thorm and Lewis Friedman, petitioner, v. The
United States of America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Third Circuit denied.
No. 207. Valentine N. Maginnis et al., petitioners, v. The United
States. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Claims
denied.
No. 208. Yasuji Fujita, Alias Yota Shima, alias Mogan Y. Fijuta,
petitioner, v. John D. Nagle, Commissioner of Immigration, etc.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court
of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit denied.
No. 210. La Salle Cement Company, petitioner, v. David Burnet,
Commissioner of Internal Revenue; and
No. 211. Alpha Portland Cement Company, petitioner, v. David
Burnet, Commissioner of Internal Revenue. Petition for writs of
certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the
Seventh Circuit denied.
No. 212. The United States of America, petitioner, v. Zack T.
Miller et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Circuit Court of Appeals for the Tenth Circuit denied.
No. 213. The United States of America, petitioner, v. George W.
Miller et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Circuit Court of Appeals for the Tenth Circuit denied.
No. 214. The United States of America, petitioner, v. George W.
Miller, etc. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Circuit Court of Appeals for the Tenth Circuit denied.
No. 216. Rust Engineering Company, petitioner, v. The Chap-
man-Stein Company. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United
States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Third Circuit denied.
No. 219. Judah Lehman, petitioner, v. Galen L. Tait, Collector,
etc. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit
Court of Appeals for the Fourth Circuit denied.
No. 221. Christian P. Jensen et al., petitioners, v. New York Life
Insurance Company;
No. 222. Christian P. Jensen, petitioner, v. New York Life In-
surance Company; and

MONDAY, OCTOBER 17, 1932
37
No. 223. Antomine Christensen, petitioner, v. New York Life In-
surance Company. Petition for writs of certiorari to the United
States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Eighth Circuit denied.
No. 224. Lehigh Structural Steel Company, petitioner, v. The
Rust Engineering Company. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
Court of Appeals of the District of Columbia denied.
No. 225. State of Ohio, on relation of William H. Millikan, peti-
tioner, v. Thomas C. Cook, Clerk of the Court of Common Pleas of
Cuyahoga County, Ohio. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
Supreme Court of the State of Ohio denied.
No. 226. Wabash Railway Company, petitioner, v. Georgie Jar-
rett, Individually, etc. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United
States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit denied.
No. 230. Robert I. Flynn, petitioner, v. The United States of
America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Cir-
cuit Court of Appeals for the Eighth Circuit denied.
No. 232. Arthur F. McCormick et al., petitioners, v. East Coast
Enterprises, Inc., et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United
States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 233. Agnes Gliwa, Katie Gliwa, et al., petitioners, v. United
States Steel Corporation et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to
the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Third Circuit
denied.
No. 235. Charles D. Kenney, Trading as the "Washington Elec-
tric Co., etc., petitioner, v. North Capitol Savings Bank. Peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals of the District of
Columbia denied.
No. 237. Wilson Jenkins and Mary M. Thompson, petitioners, v.
The United States of America. Petition for writ of certiorari to
the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit
denied.
No. 240. Erie Railroad Company, petitioner, v. Jeremiah P.
Healy, as Administrator, etc. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
Supreme Court of the State of New York denied.
No. 241. Harry Blandamer, petitioner, v. The United States of
America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court
of Customs and Patent Appeals denied.
No. 261. S. Leon & Co., petitioner, v. The United States. Peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Customs and
Patent Appeals denied.
No. 262. Fox River Butter Company, petitioner, v. The United
States. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of
Customs and Patent Appeals denied.
'
t

MONDAY, OCTOBER 17, 1932
38
No. 242. Edward F. Webster, petitioner, v. The United States of
America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit
Court of Appeals for the Eighth Circuit denied.
No. 244. Walter S. Franklin et al., petitioners, v. J. V. DeLaney.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Appellate Court of the State of
Illinois, First District, denied.
No. 245. The Procter & Gamble Manufacturing Co., petitioner, v.
The United States of America. Petition for writ of certiorari to
the United States Court of Customs and Patent Appeals denied.
No. 246. James Orabona, petitioner, v. William M. Clark, United
State Immigration Inspector. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the First Circuit denied.
No. 247. William L. Hughson, petitioner, v. The United States
of America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Circuit Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit denied.
No. 248. Tony LaFatcha, Liboria Percocco, et al., petitioners, v.
The United States of America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Sixth Circuit denied.
No. 249. The Royal Mail Steam Packet Company, petitioner, v.
Franklin Fire Insurance Company. Petition for writ of certiorari
to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit
denied.
No. 250. C. K. Logan, petitioner, v. The United States of Amer-
ica. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit
Court of Appeals for the Tenth Circuit denied.
No. 251. C. H. Smith, petitioner, v. The United States of Amer-
ica; and
No. 252. C. H. Smith, petitioner, v. The United States of Amer-
ica. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit
Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 255. John R. Ihrie, petitioner, v. Luther Reichelderfer, J. C.
Gotwals, et al., etc. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of
Appeals of the District of Columbia denied.
No. 256. Walter Winne and William J. Casey, Receivers, etc., peti-
tioners, v. Charles Silberberg. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Third Circuit denied.
No. 257. R. L. Heflin, Inc., petitioner, v. The United States.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Claims denied.
No. 258. Gilbert S. Johnson, petitioner, v. The United States of
America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit
Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit denied.
"

MONDAY, OCTOBER 17, 1932
39
No. 263. Loiza Sugar Company, petitioner, v. The People of
Porto Rico. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Circuit Court of Appeals for the First Circuit denied.
No. 265. Joseph Warner, petitioner, v. Tennessee Products Cor-
poration. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit
Court of Appeals for the Sixth Circuit denied.
No. 267. Thomas H. Tracy, petitioner, v. Commissioner of In-
ternal Revenue; and
No. 268. The Huron Building Company, petitioner, v. Commis-
sioner of Internal Revenue. Petition for writs of certiorari to the
United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Sixth Circuit denied.
No. 269. Emil J. Simon, petitioner, v. The United States. Peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the Court of Claims denied.
No. 270. National Shirt Shops, Inc., petitioner, v. The United
States. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Claims denied.
No. 271. State of Missouri ex rel. Louisville and Nashville Rail-
road Company, petitioner, v. Moses Hartman, Judge of the Circuit
Court of the City of St. Louis, Mo. Petition for writ of certiorari
to the Supreme Court of the State of Missouri denied.
No. 273. Alton L. Jordan, petitioner, v. The United States of
America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit
Court of Appeals for the Fourth Circuit denied.
No. 274. The Louisville & Nashville Railroad Company, peti-
tioner, v. Eleanor Reverman, Administratrix, etc. Petition for writ
of certiorari to the Court of Appeals of the State Kentucky denied.
No. 275. Detroit Fidelity and Surety Company, petitioner, v. The
United States of America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Eighth Circuit
denied.
No. 276. E. W. Bliss Company, petitioner, v. The United States.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Claims denied.
No. 277. Central Florida Lumber Company, petitioner, v. R. A.
Gray, as Secretary of State of the State of Florida. Petition for
writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of the State of Florida
denied.
No. 279. Parks & Woolson Machine Company, petitioner, v. The
United States. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Claims
denied.
No. 280. Missouri Pacific Railroad Company, petitioner, v. Jules
Remel. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of the
State of Arkansas denied.
1
.

MONDAY, OCTOBER 17, 1932
40
No. 281. Jim Ellis, petitioner, v. The United States of America.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of
Appeals for the Eighth Circuit denied.
No. 284. R. L. Fooshee, J. C. Fooshee, et al., petitioners, v. Ruby
S. Snavely. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Cir-
cuit Court of Appeals for the Fourth Circuit denied.
No. 287. Robert B. Dresser and Sinclair Richardson, Adminis-
trators, etc., petitioners, v. The United States. Petition for writ of
certiorari to the Court of Claims denied.
No. 288. Southern Railway Company, petitioner, v. Lucy Wil-
kins, Administratrix, etc. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Ap-
pellate Court of the State of Indiana denied.
No. 289. Carl Moring, petitioner, v. The United States of Amer-
ica. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit
Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 290. Healdton Oil & Gas Company, petitioner, v. Acel C.
Alexander, Collector, etc. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Tenth Circuit denied.
No. 292. Wallace L. Redwine, petitioner, v. Clarence E. Knox
and Lewis Stanley Wetmore. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
Court of Appeals of the District of Columbia denied.
No. 296. Benjamin Carroll Taber, petitioner, v. The United
States of America; and
No. 297. Edward Carroll Taber, petitioner, v. The United States
of America. Petition for writs of certiorari to the United States
Circuit Court of Appeals for the Eighth Circuit denied.
No. 298. First National Bank in Wichita, petitioner, v. David
Burnet, Commissioner of Internal Revenue. Petition for writ of
certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the
Tenth Circuit denied.
No. 300. Anthony J. Marinovich, petitioner, v. The United States
of America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Circuit Court of Appeals for the Seventh Circuit denied.
No. 302. Lewis Luster and J. W. Brownlow, Executors, etc., peti-
tioners, v. Adolph L. Martin and David S. Runnels. Petition for
writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for
the Seventh Circuit denied.
No. 303. B. F. Gradwohl, petitioner, v. Levi M. Willcuts, Col-
lector of Internal Revenue, etc. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Eighth Circuit
denied.

MONDAY, OCTOBER 17, 1932
41
No. 306. Frank J. Foran, petitioner, v. John P. McLaughlin, Col-
lector of Internal Revenue. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Tenth Circuit denied.
No. 309. Twin Falls Canal Company, petitioner, v. American
Falls Reservoir District No. 2, etc. Petition for writ of certiorari
to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit
denied.
No. 310. Mobile & Ohio Railroad Company, petitioner, v. Tennie
Brock, Administratrix, etc. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
Supreme Court of the State of Missouri denied.
No. 311. Myrtle E. Leiby, as Administratrix, etc., petitioner, v.
The Pennsylvania Railroad Company. Petition for writ of cer-
tiorari to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Second
Circuit denied.
No. 312. Constance Ryan Donnelly, petitioner, v. Northwestern
Life Insurance Company. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 313. Missouri Pacific Railroad Company, petitioner, v.
Whelen Springs Gravel Company et al. Petition for writ of certio-
rari to the Supreme Court of the State of Arkansas denied.
No. 320. Fidelity and Deposit Company of Maryland, petitioner,
v. The United States of America; and
No. 321. Fidelity and Deposit Company of Maryland, petitioner,
v. The United States of America. Petition for writs of certiorari to
the Court of Appeals of the District of Columbia denied.
No. 323. Frank L. Speakman, Trustee, etc., petitioner, v. Fannie
Bernstein et al., Executors, etc. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 325. Clarion River Power Co., petitioner, v. George Otis
Smith et al., etc. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Ap-
peals of the District of Columbia denied.
No. 327. The Chicago, Rock Island and Pacific Railway Com-
pany, petitioner, v. John O. Matthews. Petition for writ of certio-
rari to the Supreme Court of the State of Arkansas denied.
No. 328. Boyd Hammond, petitioner, v. A. C. Sittel, United
States Marshal, etc. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United
States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit denied.
No. 334. William Ainslie Colston, petitioner, v. David Burnet,
Commissioner of Internal Revenue. Petition for writ of certiorari
to the Court of Appeals of the District of Columbia denied.
141905-32-10
背

MONDAY, OCTOBER 17, 1932
42
No. 336. Rebecca Silverman, petitioner, v. The United States of
America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Cir-
cuit Court of Appeals for the First Circuit denied.
No. 337. Alexander Hursh, Lucile M. Head, et al., petitioners, v.
Honorable John M. Killits, United States District Judge, etc. Peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of Ap-
peals for the Ninth Circuit denied.
No. 339. Chicago Great Western Railroad Company, petitioner,
v. Public Service Commission of the State of Missouri et al., etc.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of the State of
Missouri denied.
No. 340. Estelle Keusch, Albert Falck, et al., petitioners, v. Com‍
missioner of Internal Revenue. Petition for writ of certiorari to
the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Third Circuit
denied.
No. 342. Rieker Brewing Company, Claimant, etc., petitioner, v.
The United States of America. Petition for writ of certiorari to
the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Third Circuit
denied.
No. 343. James E. Bistor et al., petitioners, v. Joseph B. McDon-
ough, County Treasurer, etc. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
Supreme Court of the State of Illinois denied.
No. 345. Irving Berlin, petitioner, v. Commissioner of Internal
Revenue. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit
Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit denied.
No. 352. Fruit Growers Express Company, petitioner, v. Plate
Ice Company. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Circuit Court of Appeals for the Fourth Circuit denied.
No. 355. Radio Corporation of America, petitioner, v. Hazeltine
Corporation. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Circuit Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit denied.
No. 370. United Fruit Company, petitioner, v. Joseph Gerradiu.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of
Appeals for the Second Circuit denied.
No. 307. Mt. Vernon, Alexandria & Washington Railway Com-
pany, petitioner, v. The United States.
v. The United States. Petition for writ of cer-
tiorari to the Court of Claims denied.
No. 324. D. Arkalian, petitioner, v. The United States of Amer-
ica. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit
Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit denied.
No. 329. Clinton Heskett and Peter J. Pirotte, petitioners, v. The
United States of America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit denied.

MONDAY, OCTOBER 17, 1932
43
No. 333. The Chickasaw Nation, petitioner, v. The United States.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Claims denied.
No. 341. H. Leslie Parker, petitioner, v. Harry F. Sinclair. Peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals of the District of
Columbia denied.
No. 344. Howard Sheep Company, petitioner, v. The United
States. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Claims denied.
No. 347. Kansas City Bridge Company, petitioner, v. Alabama
State Bridge Corporation. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 348. B. F. Kelly, jr., petitioner, v. The Texas & Pacific Rail-
way Company. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court
of the State of Texas denied.
No. 350. Continental Leather Company, petitioner, v. Lamport &
Holt, Ltd. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of
the State of New York denied.
No. 354. Anna H. Rosenberg, petitioner, v. The United States
of America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Circuit Court of Appeals for the Third Circuit denied.
No. 358. Phoenix Insurance Company of Hartford et al., peti-
tioners, v. The New York & Harlem Railroad Company et al. Peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of
Appeals for the Second Circuit denied.
No. 361. Wallace B. Davis, petitioner, v. The State of North Car-
olina. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of the
State of North Carolina denied.
No. 365. Estate of Angus Park, William G. Park, Executor, peti-
tioner, v. Commissioner of Internal Revenue. Petition for writ of
certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the
Second Circuit denied.
No. 366. The Island Petroleum Company, petitioner, v. Commis-
sioner of Internal Revenue. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Fourth Circuit
denied.
No. 367. Dallas W. Dietrich, Doing business under the firm name
and style of Atlantic Seaboard Flour Mills, petitioner, v. United
States Shipping Board Merchant Fleet Corporation. Petition for
writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for
the Second Circuit denied.
No. 368. The Chesapeake and Ohio Railway Company, peti-
tioner, v. Emma Wood, Administratrix, etc. Petition for writ of
certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the
Sixth Circuit denied.

MONDAY, OCTOBER 17, 1932
44
No. 369. William J. Cotton, Trustee in Bankruptcy of Agra B.
McKinley, Bankrupt, petitioner, v. Sallie M. Bennett. Petition for
writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for
the Fourth Circuit denied.
No. 373. Atlantic Life Insurance Company, petitioner, v. Blanche
Rhyne Pharr. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States.
Circuit Court of Appeals for the Sixth Circuit denied.
No. 376. Edward D. Untermyer, petitioner, v. Commissioner of
Internal Revenue. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United
States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit denied.
No. 380. The Pennsylvania Railroad Company, petitioner, v.
Alpine Forwarding Company. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit
denied.
No. 381. W. H. Wyer, petitioner, v. United States Fidelity and
Guaranty Company. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United
States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Tenth Circuit denied.
No. 384. Isaac E. Simons et al., Executors, petitioners, v. New
York Life Insurance Company. Petition for writ of certiorari to
the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the First Circuit
denied.
No. 389. The Huntington National Bank of Columbus et al., peti-
tioners, v. Karl H. Hoenig, as County Treasurer of Franklin County,
Ohio. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit
Court of Appeals for the Sixth Circuit denied.
The Chief Justice announced the following order:
ORDER
The Court will take a recess from Monday, October 24, until Mon-
day, November 7, next.
No. 453. R. S. Sterling, Governor of the State of Texas, et al.,
appellants, v. E. Constantin et al. Leave granted to file statement
as to jurisdiction, and the case consolidated for hearing with No. 11
on motion of Mr. John W. Ray in behalf of counsel for appellants.
Joint motion to advance granted and the cause assigned for argu-
ment on Monday, November 14, next after the cases heretofore as-
signed for that day.
No. , original. State of Wisconsin, complainant v. State of
Michigan. Motion for leave to file bill of complaint submitted by
Mr. J. E. Messerschmidt for the complainant.

Х
MONDAY, OCTOBER 17, 1932
45
No., Original. Ex Parte: International Safety Razor Corpora-
tion et al., petitioners. Motion for leave to file petition for writ of
prohibition or mandamus submitted by Mr. Martin A. Schenck for
the petitioners.
No. 5. The New York Central Securities Corporation, appellant,
v. The United States of America et al. Argument continued by Mr.
Daniel W. Knowlton, for the appellees, United States and Interstate
Commerce Commission; by Mr. Jacob Aaronson for the appellees,
New York Central Railroad Company et al.; and concluded by Mr.
Frederick A. Henry for the appellant.
No. 6. H. L. Mosher, petitioner, v. City of Phoenix; and
No. 7. H. L. Mosher, petitioner, v. City of Phoenix. Argued by
Mr. John W. Ray for the petitioner. No brief filed for respondent.
No. 9. Luther H. Reichelderfer et al., etc., petitioners, v. Henry I.
Quinn et al. Argued by Mr. Robert E. Lynch for the petitioners,
and by Mr. George E. Sullivan for the respondents.
No. 10. United States of America, ex rel. Leo Stapf, petitioner, v.
Edward Corsi, Commissioner of Immigration at the Port of New
York. Argued by Mr. Assistant Attorney General Rugg for the re-
spondent and case submitted by Mr. Leo Stapf, pro se.
No. 13. Louisville & Nashville Railroad Company, petitioner, v.
Roxie Parker, as Administratrix, etc. Argument commenced by Mr.
Charles H. Eyster for the petitioner. Argument suspended.
No. 15. Interstate Commerce Commission, petitioner, v. New
York, New Haven & Hartford Railroad Company et al. Argument
commenced by Mr. Thomas M. Ross for the petitioner.
Adjourned until to-morrow at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Tuesday, October 18, will be as follows: Nos. 15,
13, 14, 16, 18, 19, 20, 22, 24, and 25.

TUESDAY, OCTOBER 18, 1932
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
46
Present: The Chief Justice, Mr. Justice Van Devanter, Mr. Jus-
tice McReynolds, Mr. Justice Brandeis, Mr. Justice Sutherland, Mr.
Justice Butler, Mr. Justice Stone, Mr. Justice Roberts, and Mr.
Justice Cardozo.
Jacob Stewart Seidman, of New York City; Henry W. Toll, of
Denver, Colo.; George C. Levin, of New York City; and M. H.
Goldsmith, of Austin, Tex., were admitted to practice.
No. 424. Walker Wood, Secretary of State of the State of Missis-
sippi, et al., appellants, v. Stewart C. Broom. Appeal from the
District Court of the United States for the Southern District of
Mississippi. Decree reversed with costs and the cause remanded
to the said District Court with directions to dismiss the bill of com-
plaint. Mandate ordered to issue forthwith. Opinion by Mr. Chief
Justice Hughes. Mr. Justice Brandeis, Mr. Justice Stone, Mr.
Justice Roberts, and Mr. Justice Cardozo are of opinion that the
decree should be reversed and the bill dismissed for want of equity.
No. 15. Interstate Commerce Commission, petitioner, v. The New
York, New Haven & Hartford Railroad Company et al. Argument
continued by Mr. Thomas M. Ross for the petitioner, by Mr. John
L. Hall and Mr. Charles O. Pengra for the respondents, and con-
cluded by Mr. Thomas M. Ross for the petitioner.
No. 13. Louisville & Nashville Railroad Company, petitioner, v.
Roxie Parker, as Administratrix, etc. Argument continued by Mr.
Charles H. Eyster for the petitioner. The Court declined to hear
further argument.
No. 14. Morris Schoenthal and Fannie R. Schoenthal, petitioners,
v. Irving Trust Company, as Trustee, etc. Argued by Mr. Leo
Guzik for the petitioners, and by Mr. George C. Levin for the
respondent.
No. 16. Asbury Truck Company, appellant, v. Railroad Commis-
sion of the State of California. Argument commenced by Mr. War-
ren E. Libby for the appellant. The Court declined to hear further
argument.
Adjourned until to-morrow at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Wednesday, October 19, will be as follows: Nos.
18, 19, 20, 22, 24, 25, 26, 27 (28, 29, and 30), 36, and 39.
141905-32-11

WEDNESDAY, OCTOBER 19, 1932
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
47
Present: The Chief Justice, Mr. Justice Van Devanter, Mr. Justice
McReynolds, Mr. Justice Brandeis, Mr. Justice Sutherland, Mr. Jus-
tice Butler, Mr. Justice Stone, Mr. Justice Roberts, and Mr. Justice
Cardozo.
George E. Mueller, of Chicago, Ill.; M. C. Countryman, jr., of St.
Paul, Minn.; John F. Moore, of Washington, D. C.; James H. Her-
bert, of New York City; Arthur M. Geary, of Portland, Oreg.; and
Richard L. Sullivan, of New York City, were admitted to practice.
No. 18. Norfolk & Western Railway Company, appellant, v. The
United States of America et al. Argument commenced by Mr. D.
Lynch Younger for the appellant, continued by Mr. Assistant to the
Attorney General O'Brian for the appellees, and concluded by Mr.
F. Markoe Rivinus for the appellant.
No. 19. The United States of America, appellant, v. Shreveport
Grain & Elevator Company. Argued by Mr. Solicitor General
Thacher for the appellant, and by Mr. Yandell Boatner for the
appellee.
No. 20. Earle & Stoddart, Inc., et al., etc., petitioners, v. Eller-
man's Wilson Line, Ltd., etc. Argument commenced by Mr. T.
Catesby Jones for the petitioners, and continued by Mr. Cletus
Keating for the respondent.
Adjourned until to-morrow at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Thursday, October 20, will be as follows: Nos.
20, 22, 24, 25, 26, 27 (28, 29, and 30), 36, 39, 42, and 48.
141905-32-12
☑
1

☑
THURSDAY, OCTOBER 20, 1932
48
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: The Chief Justice, Mr. Justice Van Devanter, Mr. Jus-
tice McReynolds, Mr. Justice Brandeis, Mr. Justice Sutherland, Mr.
Justice Butler, Mr. Justice Stone, Mr. Justice Roberts, and Mr.
Justice Cardozo.
John Gerdes, of New York City; Kenneth S. Neal, of New York
City; Del W. Harrington, of El Paso, Tex.; Francis M. Burke, of
Frankfort, Ky.; Edmund P. Wood, of Cincinnati, Ohio; and S. H.
Brown, of Frankfort, Ky., were admitted to practice.
No. 20. Earle & Stoddard, Inc., et al., etc., petitioners, v. Eller-
man's Wilson Line, Ltd., etc. Argument concluded by Mr. T.
Catesby Jones for the petitioners.
No. 22. Washington Fidelity National Insurance Company, peti-
tioner, v. Winnie Burton. Argued by Mr. Gilbert L. Hall for the
petitioner, and by Mr. W. Gwynn Gardiner for the respondent.
No. 24. Gulf States Steel Company et al., petitioners, v. The
United States of America. Argued by Mr. John W. Drye, jr., for
the petitioners, and by Mr. Whitney North Seymour for the
respondent.
No. 25. The New York Central Railroad Company, petitioner, v.
Gladys Rose Farmer, as Administratrix, etc. Argued by Mr. Clive
C. Handy for the petitioner, and by Mr. Henry S. Miller for the
respondent.
No. 26. David Burnet, Commissioner of Internal Revenue, peti-
tioner, v. Henry Harmel. Argument commenced by Mr. Solicitor
General Thacher for the petitioner.
Adjourned until to-morrow at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Friday, October 21 will be as follows: Nos. 26,
27 (28, 29, and 30), 36, 39, 42, and 48.
141905 32--13
1
ป

FRIDAY, OCTOBER 21, 1932
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
49
Present: The Chief Justice, Mr. Justice Van Devanter, Mr. Justice
McReynolds, Mr. Justice Brandeis, Mr. Justice Sutherland, Mr.
Justice Butler, Mr. Justice Stone, Mr. Justice Roberts, and Mr.
Justice Cardozo.
Harry Kasfir, of Cincinnati, Ohio; Eugene Quay, of Chicago, Ill.;
Leslie W. Morris, of Frankfort, Ky.; Ralph E. Svoboda, of Omaha,
Nebr.; Leonard J. Ganse, of Washington, D. C.; Andrew J. Vlachos,
of Chicago, Ill.; Charles A. Bellows, of Chicago, Ill.; John J. Priest-
ley, of Chicago, Ill.; Richard H. Hildebrant, of Wilmington, Ohio;
and Lambert E. Gwinn, of Memphis, Tenn., were admitted to
practice.
No. 362. Wallace B. Davis et al., petitioners, v. The State of
North Carolina. Motion to defer consideration of petition for writ
of certiorari submitted by Mr. Lambert E. Gwinn for the petitioners.
No. 26. David Burnet, Commissioner of Internal Revenue, peti-
tioner, v. Henry Harmel. Argument continued by Mr. Solicitor
General Thacher for the petitioner; by Mr. Robert Ash and Mr.
A. H. Britain for the respondent; and concluded by Mr. Solicitor
General Thacher for the petitioner.
No. 27. The Stewart Dry Goods Company, appellant, v. John B.
Lewis et al.;
No. 28. Fred Levy et al., appellants, v. John B. Lewis et al.;
No. 29. J. C. Penney Company, appellant, v. John B. Lewis et al.;
and
No. 30. Kroger Grocery & Baking Company, appellant, v. John B.
Lewis et al. Argued by Mr. Robert S. Marx for the appellants and
by Mr. S. H. Brown for the respondents.
No. 36. Girard Life Insurance Company, appellant, v. The Com-
monwealth of Pennsylvania. Argued by Mr. Ira Jewell Williams, jr.,
for the appellant. The court declined to hear further argument.
No. 39. Brooklyn Eastern District Terminal, petitioner, v. The
United States of America. Argued by Mr. Leonard J. Matteson
for the petitioner and by Mr. Solicitor General Thacher for the
respondent.
Adjourned until Monday, October 24 next, at 12 o'clock.
141905-32-14
☑

MONDAY, OCTOBER 24, 1932
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: The Chief Justice, Mr. Justice Van Devanter, Mr. Jus-
tice Sutherland, Mr. Justice Butler, Mr. Justice Stone, Mr. Justice
Roberts, and Mr. Justice Cardozo.
George D. Wick, of Pittsburgh, Pa.; Charles H. Stoddard, of New
York City; Maurice L. Praissman, of Camden, N. J.; William E.
Anderson, of Chicago, Ill.; Albert V. Bryan, of Alexandria, Va.;
Michel Provosty, of New Orleans, La.; and Hugh Webster, of Tulsa,
Okla., were admitted to practice.
The Chief Justice announced the following orders of the Court:
No. 13. Louisville & Nashville Railroad Company, petitioner, v.
Roxie Parker, as Administratrix of the Estate of Samuel D. Parker,
deceased. On writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of the State
of Alabama. Per curiam: The writ of certiorari herein is dis-
missed, upon the ground that the judgment sought here to be
reviewed is joint and the record fails to disclose summons and
severance. Hartford Accident and Indemnity Co. v. Bunn, 285
U. S. 169; Capital National Bank v. Board of Supervisors, 286 U. S.
550; Fidelity Union Casualty Co. v. Hanson, 287 U. S.
No. 16. Asbury Truck Company, appellant, v. Railroad Commis-
sion of the State of California. Appeal from the District Court of
the United States for the Southern District of California. Per
curiam: Decree affirmed. Castillo v. McConnico, 168 U. S. 674, 683;
McDonald v. Oregon Navigation Co., 233 U. S. 665, 669, 670; Iowa
Central Ry. Co. v. Iowa, 160 U. S. 389, 392, 393; Hebert v. Louisi-
ana, 272 U. S. 312, 316, 317; Kansas City Public Service Co. v.
Ranson, 285 U. S. 528.
No. 25. The New York Central Railroad Company, petitioner, v.
Gladys Rose Farmer, as Administratrix of the Goods, Chattels, and
Credits of John Austin Farmer, deceased. On writ of certiorari to
the Supreme Court of the State of New York. Per curiam: Judg-
ment reversed. Southern Ry. Co. v. Moore, 284 U. S. 581; Atchison,
Topeka & Santa Fe Ry. Co. v. Saxon, 284 U. S. 458; Atchison, To-
peka & Santa Fe Ry. Co. v. Toops, 281 U. S. 351; New York Cen-
tral R. R. Co. v. Ambrose, 280 U. S. 486. Mr. Justice Cardozo took
no part in the consideration and decision of this case.
141905 32--15
50
50

MONDAY, OCTOBER 24, 1932
51
No. 27. The Stewart Dry Goods Co., appellant, v. John B. Lewis,
Selden R. Glenn, et al.;
No. 28. Fred Levy et al., appellants, v. John B. Lewis, Selden R.
Glenn, et al.;
No. 29. J. C. Penney Co., appellant, v. John B. Lewis, Selden R.
Glenn, et al. Appeals from the District Court of the United States.
for the Western District of Kentucky; and
No. 30. Kroger Grocery & Baking Co., appellant, v. John B. Lewis,
Selden R. Glenn, et al. Appeal from the District Court of the United
States for the Eastern District of Kentucky. Per curiam: After
interlocutory injunction had been granted, these cases went, respec-
tively, to final hearing upon motions to dismiss the bills of complaint,
and these were dismissed solely upon the ground that plaintiffs had
an adequate remedy at law. The Court is of the opinion that the
decision can not be sustained merely upon the face of the statute
invoked (Kentucky acts of 1930, chap. 149, sec. 10) in view of the
allegations of the bills of complaint that the only remedy provided
is to obtain warrants upon the general fund of the State in the hands
of the State treasurer to be paid if and when funds are available for
the payment of such warrants in the usual and orderly course; that
there are now outstanding many such warrants drawn by the auditor
of public accounts upon the general fund in the hands of the State
treasurer which have been outstanding since June, 1927, and can not
be collected by the owners or holders for lack of funds in the treas-
ury; and that there were at the time of the beginning of these suits
outstanding warrants aggregating $9,880,502.76 drawn by the auditor
of public accounts upon the State treasurer, presented for payment
but not paid for lack of funds. (See State Budget Commission v.
Lebus, 244 Ky. 700, 703, 714, as to warrants outstanding.) De-
fendants' answers denied the above-mentioned allegations, but it
does not appear that there has been a hearing upon evidence of the
issue tendered and no findings of fact upon the subject have been
made by the courts below.
The decrees are reversed and the causes remanded to the District
Courts of three judges for final hearing upon the merits, without
prejudice to a determination upon evidence with respect to the ques-
tions of the status of outstanding warrants upon the general fund
in the State treasury, and whether warrants of the sort contemplated
by section 10 of the act in question are accorded preference in pay-
ment over other warrants and the basis, if any, for the assurance
that such preference will be continued, so that in the event of actions
by the plaintiffs at law under section 10 they would be afforded a
certain, reasonably prompt, and efficacious remedy. Davis v. Wake-
lee, 156 U. S. 680, 688; Atlantic Coast Line Railroad Company v.
Daughton, 262 U. S. 413, 426.

MONDAY, OCTOBER 24, 1932
52
No. 36. Girard Life Insurance Company, appellant, v. The Com-
monwealth of Pennsylvania. Appeal from the Supreme Court of
the State of Pennsylvania. Per curiam: Judgment affirmed. Louis-
ville Gas Co. v. Coleman, 277 U. S. 32, 37, 40; Bell's Gap R. R. Co. v.
Pennsylvania, 134 U. S. 232, 237; Ohio Oil Co. v. Conway, 281 U. S.
146, 159; State Board of Tax Commissioners v. Jackson, 283 U. S.
527, 537, 538.
The Chief Justice said:
66
The other orders of the Court appear upon the list certified by
the Chief Justice and filed with the Clerk and will not be announced
orally."
―.
No. In Re Disbarment of William E. Baff. A rule having
issued November 2, 1931, against William E. Baff to show cause why
he should not be disbarred from the practice of the law in this Court
upon the ground of misconduct as shown by proceedings in the
United States Patent Office which resulted in his disbarment, March
18, 1921, from the practice of the law before the Patent Office and
the denial of his application to be reregistered, March 28, 1929, as a
member of the Patent Office Bar; and the said Baff, in response to
that rule, having filed an answer January 29, 1932, challenging the
regularity and validity of the proceedings in connection with his
disbarment in the United States Patent Office and the denial of his
application for reregistration; and this Court, in view of this chal-
lenge being desirous to be advised of the state of the record of the
proceedings in the Patent Office, having appointed by order of Feb-
ruary 15, 1932, a Committee of the Bar of this Court to examine and
report upon specific inquiries as to the state of the record of the
Patent Office in relation to said disbarment and subsequent proceed-
ings, as set forth in said order, and to submit its recommendation as
to the final action of this Court; and the report and recommendation
of the said Committee having been received and filed in this Court;
and a rule having been ordered to issue May 23, 1932, directing the
said Baff to show cause, on or before Monday, October 3, 1932, why,
upon the record of his disbarment in the United States Patent Office
and of the denial of his application for reregistration, his name
should not be stricken from the roll of attorneys admitted to practice
before the Bar of this Court; and question having arisen as to the
service of the said rule,
It is now ordered that a copy of the said report and recommenda-
tion of the said Committee be served upon the said William E. Baff,
together with this rule; and that the said Baff be, and he is hereby,
directed to show cause, on or before Monday, December 5, next,
why, upon the record of his disbarment in the United States Patent
Office and of the denial of his application for reregistration, his

MONDAY, OCTOBER 24, 1932
53
name should not be stricken from the roll of attorneys admitted to
practice before the Bar of this Court.
No. , original. The State of Wisconsin, complainant, v. The
State of Michigan. The motion for leave to file the bill of com-
plaint is granted and process is ordered to issue returnable within
sixty days from this date.
-
No. —, original. Ex Parte: International Safety Razor Corpora-
tion et al., petitioners. The motion for leave to file petition for
writ of prohibition or mandamus is denied. The Chief Justice and
Mr. Justice Roberts took no part in the consideration and decision
of this application.
No. 362. Wallace B. Davis, Luke Lea, and Luke Lea, jr., peti-
tioners, v. The State of North Carolina. The motion to defer con-
sideration of the petition for writ of certiorari and to consolidate
with a petition to be filed hereafter is denied.
No. 330. Peter L. McDonnell, petitioner, v. The United States;
and
No. 331. Dominic A. Truda, petitioner, v. The United States.
Petitions for writs of certiorari to the Court of Claims granted
limited to the question of the validity of the waiver under Section
278 (e) of the Revenue Act of 1924.
No. 364. St. Louis Southwestern Railway Company, petitioner, v.
Missouri Pacific Railroad Company. Petition for writ of certiorari
to the Supreme Court of the State of Arkansas granted.
No. 374. The People of the State of New York, petitioner, v.
Mark M. Maclay and Charles E. McWilliams, Receivers, etc., et al.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of
Appeals for the Second Circuit granted.
No. 388. Letcher Spicer, by Sam Spicer, Guardian and Committee,
petitioner, v. J. Bryan Smith, Special Deputy Banking Commis-
sioner, etc. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals
of the State of Kentucky granted.
No. 393. Federal Trade Commission, petitioner, v. Royal Milling
Company et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Circuit Court of Appeals for the Sixth Circuit granted.
No. 396. Dubilier Condenser Corporation et al., petitioners,. v.
Radio Corporation of America. Petition for writ of certiorari to
the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Third Circuit
denied because of failure to file the petition within the time pre-
scribed by the statute.
No. 332. Peter L. McDonnell and Dominic A. Truda, former
partners of the partnership of McDonnell & Truda, petitioners, v.
The United States. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of
Claims denied.

MONDAY, OCTOBER 24, 1932
54
No. 338. Glenn H. Curtiss, C. Horace Connor, Chester W. Cuthell
et al., petitioners, v. The United States. Petition for writ of certio-
rari to the Court of Claims denied.
No. 362. Wallace B. Davis, Luke Lea, and Luke Lea, jr., peti-
tioners, v. The State of North Carolina. Petition for writ of certio-
rari to the Supreme Court of the State of North Carolina denied.
No. 372. Hugo L. Goetz, petitioner, v. The United States of
America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit
Court of Appeals for the Seventh Circuit denied.
No. 383. A/S Ivarans Rederi, etc., et al., petitioners, v. William
Wrigley, jr., & Company et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to
the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit
denied.
No. 385. Frischer & Company, Inc., et al., petitioners, v. Philip
Elting. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit
Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit denied.
No. 392. Patrick McGovern, petitioner, v. The United States of
America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Circuit Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit denied.
No. 397. Dubilier Condenser Corporation and Francis W. Dun-
more, petitioners, v. Radio Corporation of America. Petition for
writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for
the Third Circuit denied.
No. 398. The Reeves Brothers Company, petitioner, v. Carl
Routzahn, Collector of Internal Revenue. Petition for writ of cer-
tiorari to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Sixth
Circuit denied.
No. 399. David B. Gann, petitioner, v. Commissioner of Internal
Revenue. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Cir-
cuit Court of Appeals for the Seventh Circuit denied.
No. 408. Kelly-Springfield Tire Company, petitioner, v. Overman
Cushion Tire Company, Inc., et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to
the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit
denied.
No. 199. Sam Hawks, J. F. McKeal, and Lew Went, etc., et al.,
appellants, v. Charles H. Hamill and Willoughby G. Walling. Ap-
peal from the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Tenth
Circuit. Dismissed with costs on motion of counsel for appellants.
Adjourned until Monday, November 7th next, at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Monday, November 7, will be as follows: Nos. 19,
original, 218, 314, 220, 177, 12, 23, 31, 32, and 33.
Х

MONDAY, NOVEMBER 7, 1932
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
55
Present: The Chief Justice, Mr. Justice Van Devanter, Mr.
Justice McReynolds, Mr. Justice Brandeis, Mr. Justice Sutherland,
Mr. Justice Butler, Mr. Justice Stone, Mr. Justice Roberts, and Mr.
Justice Cardozo.
Charles M. Fryer, of San Francisco, Calif.; Saul Wilchins, of
New York City; Murry A. Weekley, of Washington, D. C.; Norma
Hardy Britton, of Washington, D. C.; Philip Chipman, of Portland,
Oreg.; William A. Moore, of Trenton, N. J.; Robert L. Ward, of
Caruthersville, Mo.; William A. Zalesak, of Washington, D. C.;
Lynn M. Laney, of Phoenix, Ariz.; Paul Y. Davis, of Indianapolis,
Ind.; John Y. Jordan, jr., of Asheville, N. C.; and Connor Hall, of
Huntington, W. Va., were admitted to practice.
No. 96. The United States of America, petitioner, v. Great North-
ern Railway Company. On writ of certiorari to the United States
Circuit Court of Appeals for the Eighth Circuit. Judgment affirmed,
and cause remanded to the District Court of the United States for
the District of Minnesota. Opinion by Mr. Justice Cardozo.
No. 43. William Grau, petitioner, v. The United States of
America. On writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court
of Appeals for the Sixth Circuit. Judgment reversed and cause re-
manded to the District Court of the United States for the Eastern
District of Kentucky for further proceedings in conformity with the
opinion of this Court. Opinion by Mr. Justice Roberts. Mr. Justice
Stone and Mr. Justice Cardozo are of opinion that the judgment
should be affirmed.
No. 10. United States of America ex rel. Leo Stapf, petitioner,
v. Edward Corsi, Commissioner of Immigration at the Port of New
York. On writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of
Appeals for the Second Circuit. Judgment affirmed, and cause re-
manded to the District Court of the United States for the Southern
District of New York. Opinion by Mr. Justice Roberts.
No. 18. Norfolk & Western Railway Company, appellant, v. The
United States of America and Interstate Commerce Commission.
Appeal from the District Court of the United States for the Western
District of Virginia. Decree affirmed. Opinion by Mr. Justice
Roberts. Mr. Justice Butler took no part in the consideration or
decision of this case.
141905-32-16
n

MONDAY, NOVEMBER 7, 1932
56
No. 26. David Burnet, Commissioner of Internal Revenue, peti-
tioner, v. Henry Harmel. On writ of certiorari to the United
States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit. Judgment
reversed, and cause remanded to the said Circuit Court of Appeals
for further proceedings in conformity with the opinion of this Court.
Opinion by Mr. Justice Stone.
No. 97. Jack Gebardi and Louise Rolfe Gebardi, petitioners, v.
The United States of America. On writ of certiorari to the United
States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Seventh Circuit. Judgment
reversed and cause remanded to the District Court of the United
States for the Northern District of Illinois for further proceedings
in conformity with the opinion of this Court. Opinion by Mr. Jus-
tice Stone. Mr. Justice Cardozo concurs in the result.
No. 4. Seaboard Air Line Railway Company, appellant, v. A. W.
Watson. Appeal from the Supreme Court of the State of Florida.
Appeal dismissed with costs. Opinion by Mr. Justice Butler. Mr.
Justice Brandeis took no part in the consideration or decision of this
case.
No. 14. Morris Schoenthal and Fannie R. Schoenthal, petitioners,
v. Irving Trust Co., as Trustee in Bankruptcy of Leonard H. Smith,
etc. On writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of
Appeals for the Second Circuit. Decree reversed with costs, and
cause remanded to the District Court of the United States for the
Southern District of New York for further proceedings in con-
formity with the opinion of this Court. Opinion by Mr. Justice
Butler.
No. 22. Washington Fidelity National Insurance Company, peti-
tioner, v. Winnie Burton. On writ of certiorari to the Court of
Appeals of the District of Columbia. Judgment reversed with costs
and cause remanded to the said Court of Appeals for further pro-
ceedings in conformity with the opinion of this Court. Opinion by
Mr. Justice Butler. Separate opinion by Mr. Justice Stone in which
Mr. Justice Brandeis concurs.
No. 98. Ozie Powell, Willie Roberson, Andy Wright, and Olen
Montgomery, petitioners, v. State of Alabama;
No. 99. Haywood Patterson, petitioner, v. State of Alabama; and
No. 100. Charley Weems and Clarence Norris, petitioners, v. State
of Alabama. On writs of certiorari to the Supreme Court of the
State of Alabama. Judgments reversed with costs and cases re-
manded to the said Supreme Court for further proceedings not
inconsistent with the opinion of this Court. Opinion by Mr. Justice.
Sutherland. Dissenting opinion by Mr. Justice Butler in which Mr.
Justice McReynolds concurs.

MONDAY, NOVEMBER 7, 1932
57
No. 19. The United States of America, appellant, v. Shreveport
Grain & Elevator Company. Appeal from the District Court of
the United States for the Western District of Louisiana. Judgment
reversed and cause remanded to the said District Court for further
proceedings in conformity with the opinion of this Court. Opinion
by Mr. Justice Sutherland. Mr. Justice Brandeis, Mr. Justice Stone,
and Mr. Justice Cardozo concur in the result.
No. 24. Gulf States Steel Company and National Surety Com-
pany, petitioners, v. The United States of America. On writ of cer-
tiorari to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Fifth
Circuit. Judgment affirmed and cause remanded to the District
Court of the United States for the Northern District of Alabama.
Opinion by Mr. Justice McReynolds.
No. 5. The New York Central Securities Corporation, appellant,
v. The United States of America, The Interstate Commerce Commis-
sion, The New York Central Railroad Company, et al. Appeal from
the District Court of the United States for the Southern District of
New York. Decree affirmed. Opinion by Mr. Chief Justice Hughes.
No. 6. H. L. Mosher, petitioner, v. City of Phoenix; and
No. 7. H. L. Mosher, petitioner, v. City of Phoenix. On writs of
certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the
Ninth Circuit. Decrees reversed with costs and cases remanded to
the District Court of the United States for the District of Arizona
for further proceedings in conformity with the opinion of this Court.
Opinion by Mr. Chief Justice Hughes.
The Chief Justice announced the following orders of the Court:
No. 452. Lawrence A. Wagner, appellant, v. John H. Leenhouts,
etc., et al. Appeal from the Supreme Court of the State of Wis-
consin. Per curiam: The motion of the appellee to dismiss the
appeal herein is granted, and the appeal is dismissed for the reason
that the judgment of the State court here sought to be reviewed was
based upon a non-Federal ground adequate to support it. McCoy
v. Shaw, 277 U. S. 302, 303; Arneson v. United Irrigation Co., 284
U. S. 592, 593; Potter v. Maybury, 284 U. S. 593, 594; Ellison Ranch-
ing Co. v. Bartlett, 284 U. S. 598.
No. 400. John P. H. Chandler, appellant, v. The State of Maine.
Appeal from the Supreme Judicial Court of the State of Maine.
Per curiam: The appeal herein is dismissed for the want of a sub-
stantial Federal question. Storaasli v. Minnesota, 283 U. S. 57, 62,
63, 64; Sprouls v. Binford, 286 U. S. 374, 396; Hendrick v. Maryland,
235 U. S. 610; Wabash R. R. Co. v. Flannigan, 192 U. S. 29, 38.

MONDAY, NOVEMBER 7, 1932
58
No. 462. Hibernia Bank & Trust Company and Canal Bank &
Trust Company, appellants, v. Stanley L. Maxwell. Appeal from
the Supreme Court of the State of Louisiana. Per curiam: The
motion of the appellee to dismiss the appeal herein is granted, and
the appeal is dismissed for the want of jurisdiction. Section 237(a),
Judicial Code as amended by the Act of February 13, 1925 (43 Stat.
936, 937). Treating the papers whereon the appeal was allowed as
a petition for writ of certiorari as required by section 237(c),
Judicial Code as amended (43 Stat. 936, 938), certiorari is denied.
The Chief Justice said:
"The other orders of the Court appear upon the list certified by
the Chief Justice and filed with the clerk and will not be announced
orally."
No. -, original. Ex Parte: Charles Clay James, petitioner. Upon
consideration of the return of the respondent to the rule to show
cause heretofore issued in this matter, it is ordered that the motion
of the petitioner for leave to file a petition for a writ of mandamus
to require the respondent to call to his assistance two other Federal
judges, in the manner provided by section 380, title 28, U. S. Code,
to hear and determine the applications for interlocutory and final
injunction in a cause entitled Charles Clay James v. Horace Frier-
son, jr., et al., be, and the same is hereby, denied, in view of the fact
that it would be entirely impracticable to convene the specially con-
stituted District Court and to procure a hearing in time to make any
decree effective prior to the general election.
No., original. Ex Parte: Joseph Williams, petitioner. The
motion for leave to file a petition for a writ of habeas corpus is
denied without prejudice to appropriate application to the proper
District Court of the United States or Judge.
No. 586, October Term, 1927. Lulu Mignon Murphy, petitioner, v.
Eugene R. Bird, Administratrix, etc., et al. Motion for leave to
file petition for a rehearing denied. Motion of petitioner in the
matter of proposed disbarment is denied.
No. 356. Indian Territory Illuminating Oil Company, appellant,
v. Board of Equalization of Tulsa County, Oklahoma; and
No. 357. Indian Territory Illuminating Oil Company, appellant,
v. Board of County Commissioners of Payne County, Oklahoma.
Appeals from the Supreme Court of the State of Oklahoma. Per
curiam: The appeals herein are dismissed for the want of jurisdic-
tion. Sec. 237 (a), Judicial Code, as amended by the Act of Febru-
ary 13, 1925 (43 Stat. 936, 937); Citizens National Bank v. Durr,
257 U. S. 99, 106, 107; Jett Bros. Distilling Co. v. Carrollton, 252

MONDAY, NOVEMBER 7, 1932
59
U. S. 1, 4, 5, 6. Treating the papers whereon the appeals in these
causes were allowed as petitions for writs of certiorari, Sec. 237 (c),
Judicial Code, as amended (43 Stat. 936, 938), consideration thereof
is postponed and leave is granted to petitioners to file briefs support-
ing applications for certiorari within fifteen days, with ten days for
opposing counsel to reply.
No. 293. First National Bank of Shreveport, Louisiana, et al.,
appellants, v. Louisiana Tax Commission et al. Further considera-
tion of the question of the jurisdiction of this Court and of the
motion to dismiss is postponed to the hearing of the case on the
merits.
No. 395. C. A. Bradley, Doing Business as Wolverine Motor
Freight Lines, appellant, v. The Public Utilities Commission of
Ohio;
No. 412. Los Angeles Gas and Electric Corporation, appellant, v.
Railroad Commission of the State of California et al.; and
No. 453. R. S. Sterling, Governor of the State of Texas, et al.,
appellants, v. E. Constantin et al. In these cases probable jurisdic-
tion is noted.
No. 423. Levering & Garrigues Company, et al., petitioners, v.
Paul J. Morrin, Individually, etc., et al. Petition for writ of cer-
tiorari to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Second
Circuit granted limited to the question of Federal jurisdiction other
than questions relating to diversity of citizenship.
No. 322. The Massachusetts Mutual Life Insurance Company,
petitioner, v. The United States. Petition for writ of certiorari to
the Court of Claims granted.
No. 407. George B. Munroe, Receiver, petitioner, v. Louis
Raphael. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit
Court of Appeals for the First Circuit granted.
No. 254. Martin Hotel Company, M. & M. Hotel Company, et al.,
petitioners, v. The United States of America. Petition for writ of
certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the
Eighth Circuit denied.
No. 351. The Denver Rock Drill Manufacturing Company, peti-
tioner, v. The United States. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
Court of Claims denied.
No. 386. George F. Hanrahan, as Trustee in Bankruptcy of
Julius H. Reiter, Bankrupt, petitioner, v. Julius H. Reiter. Peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of
Appeals for the Second Circuit denied.
No. 394. Mary C. Young and Mary Young Moore, petitioners, v.
Commissioner of Internal Revenue. Petition for writ of certiorari

MONDAY, NOVEMBER 7, 1932
60
to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit
denied.
No. 403. Henry R. Adams and E. C. Mullendore, etc., petitioners,
v. The United States of America et al. Petition for writ of cer-
tiorari to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Tenth
Circuit denied.
No. 404. Henry R. Adams and E. C. Mullendore, petitioners, v.
Osage Tribe of Indians et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to
the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Tenth Circuit
denied.
No. 405. E. C. Mullendore, Beatrice Whitewing, et al., petitioners,
v. Osage Tribe of Indians et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to
the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Tenth Circuit
denied.
No. 406. Charles F. Yarbrough, E. C. Mullendore, et al., peti-
tioners, v. Osage Tribe of Indians et al. Petition for writ of. cer-
tiorari to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Tenth
Circuit denied.
No. 259. Maryland Casualty Company, petitioner, v. County
Court of Morgan County et al.; and
No. 409. County Court of Morgan County, petitioner, v. Mary-
land Casualty Company et al. Petitions for writs of certiorari to
the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Fourth Circuit
denied.
No. 410. United States Steel Products Company, et al., petition-
ers, v. Navigazione Libera Triestina Societa Anonima et al., and
No. 411. American Printing Ink Co., et al., petitioner, v. Naviga-
zione Libera Triestina Societa Anonima, et al. Petition for writs of
certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Sec-
ond Circuit denied.
No. 420. Clara Sielcken-Schwarz, petitioner, v. American Fac-
tors, Limited; and
No. 421. Beta Isenberg, petitioner, v. American Factors, Limited.
Petition for writs of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court
of Appeals for the Second Circuit denied.
No. 422. Insurance Building Corporation, petitioner, v. Lucken-
bach Steamship Company, Inc. Petition for writ of certiorari to
the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the First Circuit
denied.
No. 425. Frank N. Kaiser and Thomas W. McCormick, petition-
ers, v. The United States of America. Petition for writ of certiorari
to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Eighth
Circuit denied.

MONDAY, NOVEMBER 7, 1932
61
No. 353. James F. Lane, petitioner, v. Paul W. Voorhies, Attor-
ney General of the State of Michigan. Petition for writ of cer-
tiorari to the Supreme Court of the State of Michigan denied.
No. 382. James Telfer, petitioner, v. Aaron Boulton. Petition
for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of the State of Idaho
denied.
No. 413. Frank Burkis and Peter Starr, petitioners, v. The
United States of America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Third Circuit denied.
No. 416. John Gray, petitioner, v. G. H. Hecke, W. C. Jacobson,
et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of the
State of California denied.
No. 418. School District No. 22, Osage County, Oklahoma, et al.,
petitioners, v. Paul P. Prudden, Harry L. Hutchinson, et al., etc.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court
of Appeals for the Tenth Circuit denied.
No. 419. Shevlin Land Company and Fred Evans, petitioners, v.
County of Becker, in the State of Minnesota. Petition for writ of
certiorari to the Supreme Court of the State of Minnesota denied.
No. 427. W. L. Shore, petitioner, v. Shell Petroleum Corpora-
tion et al.;
No. 428. William C. Mason, petitioner, v. Shell Petroleum Cor-
poration et al.;
No. 429. Winfred C. Churchill et al., petitioners, v. Shell Pe-
troleum Corporation, et al.; and
No. 430. Otto B. Wenrich, et al., petitioners, v. Shell Petroleum
Corporation. Petition for writs of certiorari to the United States
Circuit Court of Appeals for the Tenth Circuit denied.
No. 431. Frank Gadek, petitioner, v. The United States of
America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Cir-
cuit Court of Appeals for the Third Circuit denied.
No. 432. John Shirley Ward et al., petitioners, v. Commissioner
of Internal Revenue. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United
States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit denied.
No. 435. John Strogan, petitioner, v. The United States of
America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Cir-
cuit Court of Appeals for the Third Circuit denied.
No. 436. John Strogan, petitioner, v. The United States of
America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Cir-
cuit Court of Appeals for the Third Circuit denied.
No. 473. Abraham & Straus, Inc., petitioner, v. Art Metal Works,
Inc. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit
Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit denied.

MONDAY, NOVEMBER 7, 1932
62
No. 40. Bernard L. Shapiro, petitioner, v. Horace B. Wilgus et
al. Appearance of Francis Biddle withdrawn on motion of Mr.
Francis Biddle in that behalf.
No. 335. Ray Lyman Wilbur, Secretary of the Interior, peti-
tioner, v. The United States of America, ex rel. Chestatee Pyrites &
Chemical Corporation. Motion to advance submitted by Mr. Levi
Cooke in behalf of counsel for the respondent.
No., original. State of New Jersey, complainant, v. The Com-
monwealth of Pennsylvania. Motion for leave to file bill of com-
plaint submitted by Mr. Duane E. Minard for the complainant.
No. 495. Ethel M. Dorrance, George Morris Dorrance, et al., etc.,
petitioners, v. The Commonwealth of Pennsylvania. Motion of the
State of New Jersey for leave to intervene as a party petitioner sub-
mitted by Mr. Duane E. Minard for the State of New Jersey in
support of the motion, and by Mr. William A. Schnader for the
Commonwealth of Pennsylvania in opposition thereto.
No. 5, original. State of Wisconsin et al., complainants, v. The
State of Illinois et al.;
No. 8, original. State of Michigan et al., complainants, v. The
State of Illinois et al.; and
No. 9, original. State of New York et al., complainants, v. State
of Illinois et al. Return of the defendants, the Sanitary District of
Chicago and the State of Illinois, to the rule to show cause presented.
No. 15, original. State of Wyoming, complainant, v. State of
Colorado. Replication of complainant presented.
No. 426. Carl Arkwright, Robert B. Arkwright, James Ark-
wright et al., petitioners, v. C. A. Gonser, as Executor of the Estate
of L. W. Hutton, deceased, et al. On petition for writ of certiorari
to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit.
Petition dismissed for failure to comply with the rules.
No. 19, original. Ex Parte: The United States, petitioner.
Argued on the return to the rule to show cause by Mr. Solicitor
General Thacher for the petitioner, and by Mr. Francis Biddle for
the respondents.
No. 218. Kroger Grocery and Baking Company v. Minnie J.
Yount. Argued by Mr. Walter H. Saunders for Kroger Grocery and
Baking Company, and by Mr. R. L. Ward for Yount.
Adjourned until to-morrow at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Tuesday, November 8, will be as follows: Nos.
314, 220, 177, 23, 31, 33, 40, 41, 42, and 48.
Х

TUESDAY, NOVEMBER 8, 1932
63
!
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: The Chief Justice, Mr. Justice Van Devanter, Mr. Justice
McReynolds, Mr. Justice Brandeis, Mr. Justice Sutherland, Mr.
Justice Butler, Mr. Justice Stone, Mr. Justice Roberts, and Mr.
Justice Cardozo.
Henry P. Connor, of Washington, D. C., was admitted to practice.
No. 432. John Shirley Ward et al., etc., petitioners, v. Commis-
sioner of Internal Revenue. Order denying petition for certiorari
stayed on motion of Mr. Patrick H. Loughran in behalf of counsel
for petitioners.
No. 314. Fairmount Glass Works, petitioner, v. Cub Fork Coal
Company and Paragon Colliery Company. Argued by Mr. Paul
Y. Davis for the petitioner and by Mr. Connor Hall for the re-
spondent.
No. 220. Rocco Catagrone v. The United States of America.
Argued by Mr. Anthony P. Nugent for Catagrone and by Mr.
Assistant Attorney General Youngquist for the United States.
No. 177. C. V. Sorrells, petitioner, v. The United States of Amer-
ica. Argued by Mr. John Y. Jordan, jr., for the petitioner and by
Mr. Solicitor General Thacher for the respondent.
No. 23. Interstate Commerce Commission et al., appellants, v.
Oregon-Washington Railroad & Navigation Company et al. Argu-
ment commenced by Mr. J. Stanley Payne for the Interstate Com-
merce Commission.
Adjourned until to-morrow at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Wednesday, November 9, will be as follows: Nos.
23, 31, 33, 40, 41, 42, 48, 51, 52, and 95.
141905-32--17
Х

WEDNESDAY, NOVEMBER 9, 1932
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: The Chief Justice, Mr. Justice Van Devanter, Mr. Jus-
tice Brandeis, Mr. Justice Sutherland, Mr. Justice Butler, Mr.
Justice Stone, Mr. Justice Roberts, and Mr. Justice Cardozo.
Samuel Lipschultz, of St. Paul, Minn.; Victor Walter Klein, of
Detroit, Mich.; C. Powell Fordyce, of St. Louis, Mo.; Charles B.
Belknap, of Detroit, Mich.; and Palmer L. Fales, of Portland, Oreg.,
were admitted to practice.
No. 96. The United States of America, petitioner, v. Great North-
ern Railway Company. Mandate granted on motion of Mr. R. E. L.
Smith on behalf of counsel for the respondent.
No. 23. Interstate Commerce Commission et al., appellants, v.
Oregon-Washington Railroad & Navigation Company et al. Argu-
ment continued by Mr. J. Stanley Payne for the appellant, Inter-
state Commerce Commission; by Mr. William C. McCulloch for the
appellant, Public Utility Commissioner of Oregon; by Mr. James M.
Thompson for the appellant, Public Utilities Commission of Idaho;
by Mr. Arthur C. Spencer for the appellee, Oregon-Washington
Railroad & Navigation Company; by Mr. Ben C. Dey for the
appellee, Southern Pacific Company; and concluded by Mr. J. Stan-
ley Payne for the appellant, Interstate Commerce Commission.
No. 31. J. H. Gwinn, Beneficiary of the Estate of M. A. Gwinn,
deceased, petitioner, v. Commissioner of Internal Revenue. Argu-
ment commenced by Mr. Assistant Attorney General Youngquist for
the respondent.
Adjourned until to-morrow at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Thursday, November 10, will be as follows: Nos.
31, 33, 40, 41, 42, 48, 51, 52, 95, and 180.
141905-32-
-18
Х
64

THURSDAY, NOVEMBER 10, 1932
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: The Chief Justice, Mr. Justice Van Devanter, Mr. Justice
McReynolds, Mr. Justice Brandeis, Mr. Justice Sutherland, Mr. Jus-
tice Butler, Mr. Justice Stone, Mr. Justice Roberts, and Mr. Justice
Cardozo.
Joel W. Josephson, of Detroit, Mich.; Alice E. Alexander, of
Lansing, Mich.; Lloyd O. Hart, of Washington, Pa.; John C. Judson,
of East Washington, Pa.; and Meyer Goldfarb, of Washington, Pa.,
were admitted to practice.
No. 31. J. H. Gwinn, Beneficiary of the Estate of M. A. Gwinn,
deceased, petitioner, v. Commissioner of Internal Revenue. Argu-
ment concluded by Mr. Assistant Attorney General Youngquist for
the respondent, and case submitted by Mr. Thomas A. Thatcher, Mr.
Llewellyn A. Luce, Mr. Ralph W. Davis, and Mr. R. W. Smith for
the petitioner.
No. 33. Advance-Rumely Thresher Company, Inc., appellant, v.
A. M. Jackson. Argued by Mr. Howard G. Fuller for the appellant,
and case submitted by Mr. William Lemke for the appellee.
No. 40. Bernard L. Shapiro, petitioner, v. Horace B. Wilgus and
David Bachman, Receivers of Miller Robinson Company. Argued
by Mr. Jacob Weinstein for the petitioner, and by Mr. Sidney E.
Smith for the respondents.
No. 41. Sevier Commission Company et al., petitioners, v. Wallowa
National Bank. Argued by Mr. John F. Reilly for the petitioners,
and by Mr. Palmer L. Fales for the respondent.
No. 42. Philip Elting, Collector of Customs, etc., petitioner, v.
North German Lloyd. Argument commenced by Mr. Assistant At-
torney General Rugg for the petitioner.
Adjourned until to-morrow at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Friday, November 11, will be as follows: Nos. 42,
48, 51, 52, 95, 180, 53, 57, 63, and 38.
141905-32-
-19
☑
69
65

Х
1
FRIDAY, NOVEMBER 11, 1932
66
99
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: The Chief Justice, Mr. Justice Van Devanter, Mr. Jus-
tice McReynolds, Mr. Justice Brandeis, Mr. Justice Sutherland, Mr.
Justice Butler, Mr. Justice Stone, Mr. Justice Roberts, and Mr.
Justice Cardozo.
No. 42. Philip Elting, Collector of Customs, etc., petitioner, v.
North German Lloyd. Argument continued by Mr. Assistant At-
torney General Rugg for the petitioner, and concluded by Mr. Mel-
ville J. France for the respondent.
No. 48. Lloyd Sabaudo Societa Anonima Per Azioni, petitioner, v.
Philip Elting, Collector of Customs of the Port of New York.
Argued by Mr. Delbert M. Tibbetts for the petitioner, and by Mr.
Assistant Attorney General Rugg for the respondent.
No. 51. Detroit International Bridge Company, appellant, v. Cor-
poration Tax Appeal Board of the State of Michigan. Argued by
Mr. Victor W. Klein for the appellant, and by Mrs. Alice E. Alex-
ander for the appellee.
No. 53. Great Northern Railway Company, petitioner, v. Sunburst
Oil & Refining Company. Argued by Mr. J. P. Plunkett for the
petitioner, and case submitted by Mr. George E. Hurd for the
respondent.
Adjourned until Monday next at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Monday, November 14, will be as follows: Nos. 95,
52, 180, 627 of October Term, 1931, 326, 378, 11 (and 453), 12, 38,
and 57.
141905-32-20

MONDAY, NOVEMBER 14, 1932
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
67
Present: The Chief Justice, Mr. Justice Van Devanter, Mr.
Justice McReynolds, Mr. Justice Brandeis, Mr. Justice Sutherland,
Mr. Justice Butler, Mr. Justice Stone, Mr. Justice Roberts, and
Mr. Justice Cardozo.
Du Val L. Purkins, of Warren, Ark., and Archer Wheatley, of
Jonesboro, Ark., were admitted to practice.
No. 39. Brooklyn Eastern District Terminal, petitioner, v. The
United States of America. On writ of certiorari to the United
States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit. Judgment
affirmed, and cause remanded to the District Court of the United
States for the Southern District of New York. Opinion by Mr.
Justice Cardozo.
No. 3. American Surety Company of New York, petitioner, v.
Vivian F. Baldwin and E. R. Baldwin. On writ of certiorari to
the Supreme Court of the State of Idaho; and
No. 21. Vivian F. Baldwin and E. R. Baldwin, petitioners, v.
American Surety Company of New York. On writ of certiorari to
the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit.
In No. 3, writ of certiorari dismissed with costs. In No. 21, decree
reversed with costs and cause remanded to the District Court of the
United States for the District of Idaho for further proceedings in
conformity with the opinion of this Court. Opinion by Mr. Justice
Brandeis.
The Chief Justice said:
"The orders of the Court appear upon the list certified by the
Chief Justice and filed with the Clerk and will not be announced
orally."
No. 218. Kroger Grocery and Baking Company v. Minnie J.
Yount. On certificate from the United States Circuit Court of
Appeals for the Eighth Circuit. Per curiam: The certificate herein
is dismissed, Wells v. Commissioner, 286 U. S. 529; White v. Johnson,
141905-32- -21

MONDAY, NOVEMBER 14, 1932
68
282 U. S. 367, 371; United States v. Worley, 281 U. S. 339, 340;
United States v. Mayer, 235 U. S. 55, 56.
No. 220. Rocco Catagrone v. The United States of America. On
certificate from the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the
Eighth Circuit. Per curiam: The certificate herein is dismissed.
Wells v. Commissioner, 286 U. S. 529; White v. Johnson, 282 U. S.
367, 371; United States v. Worley, 281 U. S. 339, 340; United States
v. Mayer, 235 U. S. 55, 56.
No. 41. Sevier Commission Company, Hartford Accident and In-
demnity Company of Hartford, Connecticut, petitioners, v. Wallowa
National Bank, etc. On writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of
the State of Oregon. Per curiam: The writ of certiorari herein is
dismissed for want of a substantial federal question. Wabash Ry.
Co. v. Flannigan, 192 U. S. 29; Erie R. R. Co. v. Solomon, 237 U. S.
427; C. A. King & Co. v. Horton, 276 U. S. 600; Bank of Indianola
v. Miller, 276 U. S. 605; Roe v. Kansas, 278 U. S. 191.
No. 433. Wagner Tug Boat Company, petitioner, v. Harriett
Meagher, as Administratrix of the Estate of George Harold
Meagher, deceased. On petition for writ of certiorari to the
Supreme Court of the State of Washington. The petition for writ
of certiorari in this cause is denied upon the ground that the judg-
ment sought here to be reviewed is joint and the record fails to dis-
close summons and severance. Hartford Accident & Indemnity Co.
v. Bunn, 285 U. S. 169; Capital National Bank v. Board of Super-
visors, 286 U. S. 550; Fidelity Union Casualty Co. v. Hanson, 287
U. S.; Louisville & Nashville R. R. Co. v. Parker, 287 U. S. —.
No. 494. Augusta Ernestine Proechel, as an Individual and Ad-
ministratrix of the Estate of Emil Reinhold Kronfeld, deceased,
petitioner, v. The United States of America. On petition for writ
of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the
Eighth Circuit. The motion for leave to proceed further herein
in forma pauperis is denied for the reason that the Court upon
examination of the papers submitted finds no ground upon which a
writ of certiorari should issue. The petition for writ of certiorari is
therefore also denied.
No., original. The State of New Jersey, complainant, v. The
Commonwealth of Pennsylvania. A rule is ordered to issue requir-
ing the defendant to show cause within thirty days from this date
why leave to file the bill of complaint should not be granted.
No. 495. Ethel M. Dorrance, George Morris Dorrance, et al., etc.,
petitioners, v. The Commonwealth of Pennsylvania. The motion of

MONDAY, NOVEMBER 14, 1932
69
the State of New Jersey for leave to intervene is denied. Leave is
granted to file brief as amicus curiae on the application for writ of
certiorari.
No. 335. Ray Lyman Wilbur, Secretary of the Interior, petitioner,
v. the United States of America ex rel. Chestatee Pyrites & Chem-
ical Corporation. Motion to advance granted and case assigned for
argument on Monday, December 5 next, after the cases heretofore
assigned for that day.
No. 470. The United States of America et al., appellants, v. North-
ern Pacific Railway Company et al. In this case probable jurisdic-
tion is noted.
No. 434. The United States, petitioner, v. Dakota-Montana Oil
Company. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Claims
granted.
No. 466. Esther Jackson Porter, as Executrix, et al., petitioners, v.
Commissioner of Internal Revenue. Petition for writ of certiorari
to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Second
Circuit granted.
No. 448. Petroleum Exploration, petitioner, v. David Burnet,
Commissioner of Internal Revenue. Petition for writ of certiorari to
the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Fourth Circuit
granted and the case assigned for argument immediately following
No. 434.
No. 438. Hartford-Empire Company, petitioner, v. The Nivison-
Weiskopf Company;
No. 439. Hartford-Empire Company, petitioner, v. The Kearns-
Gorsuch Bottle Company;
No. 440. Hartford-Empire Company, petitioner, v. The Lamb
Glass Company; and
No. 443. The Lamb Glass Company, petitioner, v. Hartford-
Empire Company. Petitions for writs of certiorari to the United
States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Sixth Circuit denied.
No. 442. The National Surety Company, petitioner, v. The City of
Topeka. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of the
State of Kansas denied.
No. 444. Ephraim Banning, petitioner, v. Hartman Furniture &
Carpet Company;
No. 445. Ephraim Banning, petitioner, v. Hartman Furniture &
Carpet Company;
No. 446. Hartman Furniture & Carpet Company, petitioner, v.
Ephraim Banning; and

MONDAY, NOVEMBER 14, 1932
70
70
No. 447. Hartman Furniture & Carpet Company, petitioner, v.
Ephraim Banning. Petitions for writs of certiorari to the United
States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Seventh Circuit denied.
No. 450. Douglas S. MacDonald and L. G. Balfour Company,
petitioners, v. H. W. Peters Company, Inc. Petition for writ of
certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the
Second Circuit denied.
No. 451. Leslie P. Green and Williard C. Lindsay, petitioners, v.
John A. Sauerman et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Seventh Circuit
denied.
No. 454. Angeline Kawacz, Individually and as Administratrix,
etc., petitioner, v. Delaware, Lackawanna & Western Railroad Co.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of the State
of New York denied.
The Chief Justice announced the following order of the Court:
ORDER
The Court will take a recess from Monday, November 21, until
Monday, December 5 next.
No. 138. Joseph F. Miller, petitioner, v. A. C. Aderhold, Warden,
United States Penitentiary, Atlanta, Georgia. Leave granted to
file brief for the respondent by Monday next, on motion of Mr.
Solicitor General Thacher for the respondent.
No. 481. Penny Stores, Inc., et al., appellants, v. Greek L. Rice,
Attorney General of the State of Mississippi, et al., etc. Appeal
from the District Court of the United States for the Southern Dis-
trict of Mississippi. Appeal dismissed with costs per stipulation of
counsel.
No. 95. David Burnet, Commissioner of Internal Revenue, peti-
tioner, v. Commonwealth Improvement Company. Argued by Mr.
Assistant Attorney General Youngquist for the petitioner, and by
Mr. Schofield Andrews for the respondent.
No. 52. Hubert Dalton and Florence W. Dalton, petitioners, v.
Frank C. Bowers, as Executor, etc. Argued by Mr. Arnold Lichtig
N

MONDAY, NOVEMBER 14, 1932
71
for the petitioners, and by Mr. Assistant Attorney General Young-
quist for the respondent.
No. 180. David Burnet, Commissioner of Internal Revenue, peti-
tioner, v. R. P. Clark. Argued by Mr. Assistant Attorney General
Youngquist for the petitioner, and by Mr. William S. Hammers for
the respondent.
No. 627, October Term, 1931. George P. Porter, Auditor and
Ex-Officio Investment Commissioner, etc., appellant, v. Investors
Syndicate. Reargued by Mr. T. H. MacDonald for the appellant,
and by Mr. M. S. Gunn for the appellee.
No. 326. J. H. Stephenson et al., appellants, v. T. Binford et al.
Three hours allowed for the argument of this case. Argument com-
menced by Mr. John H. Crooker for the appellants.
Adjourned until to-morrow at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Tuesday, November 15, will be as follows: Nos.
326, 378, 11 (and 453), 12, 38, 57, 63, 90, 110, and 128.
1

Х
TUESDAY, NOVEMBER 15, 1932
72
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: The Chief Justice, Mr. Justice Van Devanter, Mr. Justice
McReynolds, Mr. Justice Brandeis, Mr. Justice Sutherland, Mr.
Justice Butler, Mr. Justice Stone, Mr. Justice Roberts, and Mr.
Justice Cardozo.
Patrick Henry, of Monticello, Ark., was admitted to practice.
No. 326. J. H. Stephenson et al., appellants, v. T. Binford et al.
Argument continued by Mr. John H. Crooker for appellants; by Mr.
LaRue Brown for appellant, D. A. Beard; by Mr. Elbert Hooper for
the appellees; and concluded by Mr. John H. Crooker for the
appellants.
No. 378. Jimmie Burns, petitioner, v. The United States of
America. Argued by Mr. Otto Christensen for the petitioner, and
by Mr. Solicitor General Thacher for the respondent.
No. 11. R. S. Sterling, Governor of the State of Texas, et al.,
appellants, v. E. Constantin et al.; and
No. 453. R. S. Sterling, Governor of the State of Texas, et al.,
appellants, v. E. Constantin et al. Argument commenced by Mr.
E. F. Smith for the appellants.
Adjourned until to-morrow at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Wednesday, November 16, will be as follows: Nos.
11 (and 453), 12, 38, 57, 63, 90, 110, 128, 131, and 80.
141905-32-22
"

WEDNESDAY, NOVEMBER 16, 1932
73
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: The Chief Justice, Mr. Justice McReynolds, Mr. Justice
1 Brandeis, Mr. Justice Sutherland, Mr. Justice Butler, Mr. Justice
Stone, Mr. Justice Roberts, and Mr. Justice Cardozo.
"
George Cabot Ward, of New York City; Harold T. Kay, of
Honolulu, Hawaii; and Fred M. Bottorff, of Los Angeles, Calif.,
were admitted to practice.
No. 11. R. S. Sterling, Governor of the State of Texas, et al.,
appellants, v. E. Constantin et al.; and
No. 453. R. S. Sterling, Governor of the State of Texas, et al.,
appellants, v. E. Constantin et al. Argument continued by Mr.
Joseph W. Bailey, jr., and Mr. Luther Nickels for the appellees, and
concluded by Mr. Dan Moody for the appellants.
No. 12. Rafael Cortes, as Administrator, etc., petitioner, v. Balti-
more Insular Line, Inc. Argued by Mr. Basil O'Connor for the pe-
titioner, and by Mr. George W. Betts, jr., for the respondent.
No. 38. Sun Oil Company, petitioner, v. Dalzell Towing Com-
pany, Inc. Argued by Mr. Frank A. Bull for the petitioner, and
by Mr. Chauncey I. Clark for the respondent.
No. 63. A. P. Dickson et al., petitoners, v. Uhlmann Grain Com-
pany. Argument commenced by Mr. S. J. Jones for the peti-
tioners.
Adjourned until tomorrow at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Thursday, November 17, will be as follows: Nos.
63, 57, 90, 110, 131, 80, 104 (and 105), 137, and 163.
141905-32-23
Х

THURSDAY, NOVEMBER 17, 1932
74
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: The Chief Justice, Mr. Justice Van Devanter, Mr. Justice
Brandeis, Mr. Justice Sutherland, Mr. Justice Stone, Mr. Justice
Roberts, and Mr. Justice Cardozo.
John J. Carmody, of Washington, D. C.; U. M. Simon, of Fort
Worth, Tex.; Hastings W. Baker, of Dayton, Ohio; Howard H.
Yocum, of Philadelphia, Pa.; and Paul R. Stinson, of Kansas City,
Mo., were admitted to practice.
No. 63. A. P. Dickson et al., petitioners, v. Uhlmann Grain Com-
pany. Argument continued by Mr. S. J. Jones for the petitioners,
by Mr. Paul R. Stinson for the respondent, and concluded by Mr.
S. J. Jones for the petitioners.
No. 57. General Electric Company and Carboloy Company, Inc.,
petitioners, v. The Marvel Rare Metals Company et al. Argued by
Mr. Lawrence Bristol for the petitioners, and by Mr. William C.
McCoy for the respondents.
No. 90. Anna S. Bainbridge, petitioner, v. Merchants & Miners
Transportation Company. Leave granted Edwin J. McDermott to
appear and present oral argument for the petitioner, pro hac vice,
on motion of Mr. Thomas D. McBride.
No. 90. Anna S. Bainbridge, petitioner, v. Merchants & Miners
Transportation Company. Argued by Mr. Edwin J. McDermott for
the petitioner, pro hac vice, by special leave of Court, and by Mr.
Howard H. Yocum for the respondent.
No. 110. Alberto Costanzo, petitioner, v. Anna C. M. Tillinghast,
United States Commissioner of Immigration. Argument commenced
by Mr. William H. Lewis for the petitioner.
Adjourned until to-morrow at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Friday, November 18, will be as follows: Nos.
110, 80, 104 (and 105), 131, and 137.
141905 32-24
☑

FRIDAY, NOVEMBER 18, 1932
75
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: The Chief Justice, Mr. Justice Van Devanter, Mr. Jus-
tice McReynolds, Mr. Justice Brandeis, Mr. Justice Sutherland, Mr.
Justice Stone, Mr. Justice Roberts, and Mr. Justice Cardozo.
Edmund D. Hourigan, of Union City, N. J., and James O'Donnell
Moran, of Washington, D. C., were admitted to practice.
No. 110. Alberto Costanzo, petitioner, v. Anna C. M. Tillinghast,
United States Commissioner of Immigration. Argument continued
by Mr. William H. Lewis for the petitioner and concluded by Mr.
Whitney North Seymour for the respondent.
No. 80. Murphy Oil Company, petitioner, v. David Burnet, Com-
missioner of Internal Revenue. Argued by Mr. Randolph E. Paul
and Mr. Thomas R. Dempsey for the petitioner and by Mr. Assist-
ant Attorney General Youngquist for the respondent.
No. 104. Bankers Pocahontas Coal Company, petitioner, v. Com-
missioner of Internal Revenue; and
No. 105. D. J. F. Strother, petitioner, v. Commissioner of Internal
Revenue. Argued by Mr. Camden R. McAtee for the petitioner and
by Mr. Assistant Attorney General Youngquist for the respondent.
Adjourned until Monday, November 21 next at 12 o'clock.
141905-32-25

MONDAY, NOVEMBER 21, 1932
76
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: The Chief Justice, Mr. Justice Van Devanter, Mr. Justice
Butler, Mr. Justice Stone, Mr. Justice Roberts, and Mr. Justice
Cardozo.
Lyle M. Allen, of St. Louis, Mo.; George H. Southard, 3d, of
Pittsfield, Mass.; Wm. O. Ballard, of Toledo, Ohio; Mark L. Herron,.
of Los Angeles, Calif.; Michael J. Anuta, of Menominee, Mich.;:
C. Welmore Robinson, of New York City; Gustavus Ohlinger, of
Toledo, Ohio; Fred A. Ossanna, of Minneapolis, Minn.; Allen T..
Klots, of New York City; Joe Nickell, of Omaha, Nebr.; Alvin C..
Reis, of Madison, Wis.; and S. B. Robinson, of Los Angeles, Calif.,
were admitted to practice.
No. 15. Interstate Commerce Commission, petitioner, v. The New
York, New Haven & Hartford Railroad Company, Old Colony Rail-
road Company, Boston & Providence Railroad Corporation, et al.
On writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals of the District of
Columbia. Judgment of the Court of Appeals reversed, and the
judgment of the Supreme Court of the District of Columbia affirmed
and the cause remanded to the said Court of Appeals for further
proceedings in conformity with the opinion of this Court. Opinion
by Mr. Justice Cardozo. Mr. Justice Van Devanter, Mr. Justice
McReynolds, and Mr. Justice Sutherland are of opinion that the
judgment of the Court of Appeals should be affirmed. The Chief
Justice and Mr. Justice Butler took no part in the consideration and
decision of this case.
The Chief Justice announced the following order of the Court:
No. 414. Mrs. Roberta F. Biggs, Administratrix and Individually,
appellant, v. Missouri Pacific Railroad Company and Ed Lacy; and
No. 415. Nat J. Graves, Jr., appellant, v. Missouri Pacific Rail-
road Company and Ed Lacy. Appeals from the District Court of
the United States for the Eastern District of Arkansas. Per curiam:
The appeals herein are dismissed for the want of jurisdiction. Sec..
238, Judicial Code, as amended by the act of February 13, 1925
(43 Stat. 936, 938), U. S. Code, title 28, sec. 345; section 13, act of
February 13, 1925 (43 Stat. 936, 941).
141905-32-26
"

MONDAY, NOVEMBER 21, 1932
The Chief Justice said:
77
"The other orders of the Court appear upon the list certified by the
Chief Justice and filed with the Clerk and will not be announced
orally."
No. 377. Anglo-Chilean Nitrate Sales Corporation, appellant, v..
The State of Alabama;
No. 390. Broad River Power Company, appellant, v. Walter G.
Query et al., etc.;
No. 391. Lexington Water Power Company, appellant, v. Walter
G. Query et al., etc.; and
No. 504. Appalachian Coals, Inc., et al., appellants, v. The United
States of America. In these cases probable jurisdiction is noted.
No. 315. Karl F. Voehl, petitioner, v. Indemnity Insurance Com-
pany of North America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court
of Appeals of the District of Columbia granted.
No. 460. Charles W. Anderson, Collector of Internal Revenue,
etc., petitioner, v. Marian Steedman Wilson et al., etc.; and
No. 461. Marian Steedman Wilson et al., etc., petitioners, v.
Charles W. Anderson, Collector of Internal Revenue, etc. Petitions
for writs of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals
for the Second Circuit granted.
No. 401. Freeport Texas Company et al., petitioners, v. The
United States. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Claims
denied.
No. 437. The Scott Lumber Company, petitioner, v. Suburban Im-
provement Company. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United
States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Fourth Circuit denied.
No. 455. Irwin T. Gilruth, petitioner, v. Lewis Luster et al., etc.;
No. 456. R. B. Gillette, petitioner, v. Lewis Luster et al., etc.; and
No. 457. Ralph W. Hutchens, petitioner, v. Lewis Luster et al.,
etc. Petition for writs of certiorari to the United States Circuit
Court of Appeals for the Eighth Circuit denied.
No. 458. United States Zinc Company, petitioner, v. Central
States Power & Light Corporation. Petition for writ of certiorari to
the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Tenth Circuit
denied.
No. 468. Harry C. Cotter et al., petitioners, v. The United States
of America. Leave granted to file brief of the respondent by Decem-
ber 5 next, on motion of Mr. Solicitor General Thacher for the
respondent.

MONDAY, NOVEMBER 21, 1932
78
No. 490. Frederick A. Sansome, petitioner, v. David Burnet, Com-
missioner of Internal Revenue. Leave granted to file brief of
respondent by December 5 next, on motion of Mr. Solicitor General
Thacher for the respondent.
No. 304. The People of the State of New York, petitioner, v.
Irving Trust Company, as Trustee, etc. Motion to advance sub-
mitted by Mr. Robert P. Beyer for the petitioner.
Adjourned until Monday, December 5, next, at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Monday, December 5, will be as follows: Nos. 5,
original (8, original, and 9, original), 335, 8, 32, 58, 82, 128, 131,
137, and 141.
Х

MONDAY, DECEMBER 5, 1932
79
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: The Chief Justice, Mr. Justice Van Devanter, Mr. Justice
McReynolds, Mr. Justice Brandeis, Mr. Justice Sutherland, Mr. Jus-
tice Butler, Mr. Justice Stone, Mr. Justice Roberts, and Mr. Justice
Cardozo.
James Elden McFarland, of Los Angeles, Calif.; R. Stanley An-
derson, of Chicago, Ill.; Chas. A. Trageser, of Baltimore, Md.;
George Frederick Flentje, jr., of Baltimore, Md.; George F. Mul-
ligan, of Chicago, Ill.; Eugene A. Drumm, of New York City;
James N. Saye, of Longview, Tex.; W. Marshall Purvis, of Hot
Springs, Ark.; Benjamin Segal, of Minneapolis, Minn.; Maurice
Cheek, of Austin, Tex.; Sam J. Kroman, of Minneapolis, Minn.;
Jas. E. Kinnison, of Canton, Ohio; Earl C. Shively, of Columbus,
Ohio; and Fred M. Wylie, of Madison, Wis., were admitted to
practice.
No. 40. Bernard L. Shapiro, petitioner, v. Horace B. Wilgus and
David Bachman, Receivers of Miller Robinson Company. On writ
of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the
Third Circuit. Decree reversed with costs, and cause remanded to
the District Court of the United States for the Eastern District of
Pennsylvania for further proceedings in conformity with the opin-
ion of this Court. Opinion by Mr. Justice Cardozo.
No. 53. Great Northern Railway Company, petitioner, v. Sunburst
Oil & Refining Company. On writ of certiorari to the Supreme
Court of the State of Montana. Judgment affirmed with costs.
Opinion by Mr. Justice Cardozo.
No. 12. Rafael Cortes, as Administrator of the Goods, Chattels,
and Credits of Victor Manuel Santiago, Deceased, petitioner, v.
Baltimore Insular Line Inc. On writ of certiorari to the United
States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit. Judgment
reversed with costs, and cause remanded to the said Circuit Court
of Appeals for further proceedings in conformity with the opinion
of this Court. Opinion by Mr. Justice Cardozo.
No. 110. Alberto Costanzo, petitioner, v. Anna C. M. Tillinghast,
United States Commissioner of Immigration. On writ of certio-
rari to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the First
141905-32-―――27

MONDAY, DECEMBER 5, 1932
80
Circuit. Decree affirmed, and cause remanded to the District Court
of the United States for the District of Massachusetts. Opinion
by Mr. Justice Roberts.
No. 627. October Term, 1931. George P. Porter, Auditor, etc.,
appellant, v. Investors Syndicate, a Corporation. Appeal from the
District Court of the United States for the District of Montana.
(On rehearing.) The Court adheres to the decree heretofore
entered. Opinion by Mr. Justice Roberts.
No. 80. Murphy Oil Company, petitioner, v. David Burnet, Com-
missioner of Internal Revenue. On writ of certiorari to the United
States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit. Judgment
affirmed, and cause remanded to said Circuit Court of Appeals.
Opinion by Mr. Justice Stone.
No. 104. Bankers Pocahontas Coal Company, petitioner, v. Com-
missioner of Internal Revenue. On writ of certiorari to the United
States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Fourth Circuit. Judg-
ment affirmed, and cause remanded to the said Circuit Court of
Appeals. Opinion by Mr. Justice Stone.
No. 105. D. J. F. Strother, petitioner, v. Commissioner of Internal
Revenue. On writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court
of Appeals for the Fourth Circuit. Judgment affirmed, and cause
remanded to the said Circuit Court of Appeals. Opinion by Mr.
Justice Stone.
No. 9. Luther H. Reichelderfer, Herbert B. Crosby, and John C.
Gotwals, Commissioners of the District of Columbia, petitioners, v.
Henry I. Quinn, George J. Mueller, Jr., Henry Orth, Jr., et al. On
writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals of the District of Colum-
bia. Decree reversed with costs, and cause remanded to the said
Court of Appeals for further proceedings in conformity with the
opinion of this Court. Opinion by Mr. Justice Stone.
No. 42. Philip Elting, Collector of Customs, Port of New York,
petitioner, v. North German Lloyd. On writ of certiorari to the
United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit.
Judgment reversed, and cause remanded to the District Court of
the United States for the Southern District of New York, for further
proceedings in conformity with the opinion of this Court. Opinion
by Mr. Justice Stone.
No. 48. Lloyd Sabaudo Societa Anonima per Azioni, petitioner,
v. Philip Elting, Collector of Customs of the Port of New York.
On writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals
for the Second Circuit. Judgment reversed in part and affirmed.
in part and cause remanded to the District Court of the United

MONDAY, DECEMBER 5, 1932
81
States for the Southern District of New York for further pro-
ceeding in conformity with the opinion of this Court. Opinion
by Mr. Justice Stone.
No. 33. Advance-Rumely Thresher Company, Inc., appellant, v.
A. M. Jackson. Appeal from the Supreme Court of the State of
North Dakota. Judgment affirmed with costs. Opinion by Mr.
Justice Butler. Mr. Justice Stone and Mr. Justice Cardozo concur
in the result.
No. 38. Sun Oil Company, petitioner, v. Dalzell Towing Company,
Inc. On writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of
Appeals for the Second Circuit. Decree affirmed with costs, and
cause remanded to the District Court of the United States for the
Southern District of New York. Opinion by Mr. Justice Butler.
No. 51. Detroit International Bridge Company, appellant, v. Cor-
poration Tax Appeal Board of the State of Michigan. Appeal
from the Supreme Court of the State of Michigan. Judgment
affirmed with costs. Opinion by Mr. Justice Butler.
No. 19, Original. Ex parte: The United States, petitioner. On
petition for writ of mandamus. Rule made absolute. Opinion by
Mr. Justice Sutherland.
No. 326. J. H. Stephenson, W. S. Finnegan, P. E. Arnett et al.,
appellants, v. T. Binford, O'Brien Stevens, R. J. Martin et al.
Appeal from the District Court of the United States for the South-
ern District of Texas. Decree affirmed with costs. Opinion by
Mr. Justice Sutherland. Mr. Justice Butler dissents.
No. 90. Anna S. Bainbridge, petitioner, v. Merchants & Miners
Transportation Company. On writ of certiorari to the Supreme
Court of the State of Pennsylvania. Judgment reversed with costs,
and cause remanded to the said Supreme Court for further pro-
ceedings not inconsistent with the opinion of this Court. Opinion
by Mr. Justice Sutherland.
No. 81. The Alton Railroad Company, appellant, v. The United
States of America, Interstate Commerce Commission, Baltimore
and Ohio Railroad Company et al. Appeal from the District
Court of the United States for the Northern District of Illinois.
Decree reversed, and cause remanded to the said District Court for
further proceedings in conformity with the opinion of this Court.
Opinion by Mr. Justice Brandeis.
No. 31. J. H. Gwinn, Beneficiary of the Estate of M. A. Gwinn,
deceased, petitioner, v. Commissioner of Internal Revenue. On
writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for
the Ninth Circuit. Judgment affirmed, and cause remanded to the
1

MONDAY, DECEMBER 5, 1932
82
said Circuit Court of Appeals. Opinion by Mr. Justice Mc-
Reynolds.
No. 55. Cesaro Sgro, petitioner, v. The United States of America.
On writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals
for the Second Circuit. Judgment reversed, and cause remanded
to the District Court of the United States for the Northern District
of New York, for further proceedings in conformity with the opin-
ion of this Court. Opinion by Mr. Chief Justice Hughes. Mr. Jus-
tice Stone and Mr. Justice Cardozo dissent. Separate opinion by
Mr. Justice McReynolds.
No. 378. Jimmie Burns, petitioner, v. The United States of
America. On writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court
of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit. Judgment affirmed, and cause
remanded to the District Court of the United States for the South-
ern District of California. Opinion by Mr. Chief Justice Hughes.
The Chief Justice announced the following order of the Court:
No. 519. Sara W. Mahan, as Secretary of State of the State of
Kentucky, appellant, v. James J. Hume. Appeal from the District
Court of the United States for the Eastern District of Kentucky.
Per curiam: Decree reversed and cause remanded with directions
to dismiss the Bill of Complaint, Brownlow v. Schwartz, 261 U. S.
216; Wood v. Broom, 287 U. S.
The Chief Justice said:
"The other orders of the Court appear upon the list certified by the
Chief Justice and filed with the Clerk and will not be announced
orally."
No. 304. The People of the State of New York, petitioner, v.
Irving Trust Company, as Trustee in Bankruptcy, etc. Motion to
advance denied.
No. 516. J. T. Roberts, appellant, v. Richland Irrigation District
et al., etc. Further consideration of the question of the jurisdiction
of this Court is postponed to the hearing of the case on the merits.
No. 191. The United States of America, petitioner, v. Clarence
P. Arzner. Leave granted respondent to proceed in forma pauperis.
No. 138. Joseph F. Miller, petitioner, v. A. C. Aderhold, Warden,
etc. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit
Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit granted and case assigned

MONDAY, DECEMBER 5, 1932
83
for argument on Monday, January 9 next. The motion to admit
petitioner to bail is denied. Dean G. Acheson, Esquire, of Wash-
ington, D. C., a member of the Bar of this Court is appointed by the
Court to serve as counsel for the petitioner.
No. 475. David Burnet, Commissioner of Internal Revenue, peti-
tioner, v. S. & L. Building Corporation. Petition for writ of cer-
tiorari to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Second
Circuit granted.
No. 469. Vancouver Steamship Company, Inc., petitioner, v.
Theresa Rice, Administratrix of the Estate of Vincent Catino, de-
ceased. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit
Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit granted.
No. 476. D. B. Heiner, Collector of Internal Revenue for the
Twenty-third District of Pennsylvania, petitioner, v. Diamond Al-
kali Co.;
No. 477. D. B. Heiner, Collector of Internal Revenue for the
Twenty-third District of Pennsylvania, petitioner, v. Diamond Al-
kali Co.; and
No. 478. C. G. Lewellyn, Formerly Collector, etc., petitioner, v.
Diamond Alkali Company. Petition for writs of certiorari to the
United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Third Circuit
granted.
No. 492. The People of Porto Rico, petitioner, v. Russell & Co.,
etc., et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Cir-
cuit Court of Appeals for the First Circuit granted.
No. 496. David Burnet, Commissioner of Internal Revenue, peti-
tioner, v. Ernest Brooks, et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit
granted.
No. 513. George Weems Williams, Receiver, etc., petitioner, v.
Mayor and City Council of Baltimore; and
No. 514. George Weems Williams, Receiver, etc., petitioner, v.
Mayor, Counselor and Aldermen of the City of Annapolis. Petition
for writs of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals
for the Fourth Circuit granted.
No. 495. Ethel M. Dorrance et al., etc., petitioners, v. The Com-
monwealth of Pennsylvania. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
Supreme Court of the State of Pennsylvania denied upon the
ground that the Federal question was not properly presented to, and
was not passed upon by, the Supreme Court of Pennsylvania.

MONDAY, DECEMBER 5, 1932
84
No. 459. The People of the State of California, petitioner, v.
General Motors Acceptance Corporation. Petition for writ of
certiorari to the Supreme Court of the State of California denied.
No. 463. John A. McCoy et al., petitioners, v. Arkansas Natural
Gas Company. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court
of the State of Louisiana denied.
No. 464. Fred D. Townsend, Receiver for Gulf & Atlantic Insur-
ance Company, petitioner, v. South Carolina Insurance Company et
al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of the
State of South Carolina denied.
No. 467. Schloss Bros. & Co., Inc., petitioner, v. Monongahela
National Bank et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United
States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Third Circuit denied.
No. 471. Sidney Blumenthal, petitioner, v. Commissioner of Inter-
nal Revenue; and
No. 472. Sidney Blumenthal, petitioner, v. Commissioner of Inter-
nal Revenue. Petition for writs of certiorari to the United States
Circuit Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit denied.
No. 474. Eastern Transportation Company, petitioner, v. North-
ern Barge Corporation et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit
denied.
No. 484. Felix E. Fricke, Administrator of the Estate of Louis E.
Riddle, deceased, petitioner, v. General Accident Fire & Life Assur-
ance Corporation, Ltd. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United
States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Eighth Circuit denied.
No. 488. William Webber et al., petitioners, v. New York Life
Insurance Company. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United
States Circuit Court of Appeals for the First Circuit denied.
No. 491. Hare & Chase, Inc., Reorganization Company, petitioner,
v. National Surety Company. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit
denied.
No. 498. Union Indemnity Company, petitioner, v. Thomas C.
Hall. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit
Court of Appeals for the Eighth Circuit denied.
No. 402. Annie Littman, petitioner, v. Joseph A. Broderick,
Superintendent of Banks of the State of New York. Petition for
writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of the State of New York,
County of New York, denied.
No. 465. Federal Trade Commission, petitioner, v. James S. Kirk
& Company and Procter & Gamble Company. Petition for writ of

MONDAY, DECEMBER 5, 1932
85
certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the
Seventh Circuit denied.
No. 479. Diamond Alkali Company, petitioner, v. D. B. Heiner,
Collector of Internal Revenue, etc.; and
No. 480. Diamond Alkali Company, petitioner, v. D. B. Heiner,
Collector of Internal Revenue, etc. Petition for writs of certiorari
to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Third Circuit
denied.
No. 483. Marcus T. Lothrop and The Timken Roller Bearing
Company, petitioners, v. Thomas E. Robertson. Petition for writ
of certiorari to the Court of Appeals of the District of Columbia
denied.
No. 486. Helene M. Lafontan, petitioner, v. American Import &
Export Company et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United
States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit denied.
No. 487. Mark Boasberg, petitioner, v. The United States of
America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Cir-
cuit Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 489. Donald McMurray, petitioner, v. Marshall S. Reynolds,
Individually and as Collector of Internal Revenue. Petition for
writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for
the Tenth Circuit denied.
No. 493. Alonzo J. Docheney, petitioner, v. Pennsylvania Railroad
Company. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Cir-
cuit Court of Appeals for the Third Circuit denied.
-
No. , original. Ex parte: Adolph R. Moder, et al., petitioners.
Motion for leave to file petition for writ of mandamus and/or pro-
hibition and for leave to proceed in forma pauperis submitted by
Mr. Jesse C. Duke for the petitioners.
No. 504. Appalachian Coals, Incorporation, et al., appellants, v.
The United States of America. Motion to advance submitted by
Mr. Horace Lamb for the appellants.
-
No. In re Disbarment of William E. Baff. Return to rule
to show cause presented.
No. 5, original. State of Wisconsin et al., complainants, v. The
State of Illinois and Sanitary District of Chicago, et al.;
No. 8, original. State of Michigan et al., complainants, v. The State
of Illinois and Sanitary District of Chicago, et al.; and

Х
MONDAY, DECEMBER 5, 1932
86
No. 9, original. State of New York et al., complainants, v. State
of Illinois and Sanitary District of Chicago, et al. Three hours
allowed for oral argument. Argument on the return to rule to show
cause commenced by Mr. Henry N. Benson for the complainants;
continued by Mr. Raymond T. Jackson for the complainants; and
by Mr. Joseph B. Fleming for the defendant, Sanitary District of
Chicago.
Adjourned until to-morrow at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Tuesday, December 6, will be as follows: Nos. 5,
Original (8, Original, and 9, Original), 335, 32, 58, 82, 128, 131,
137, 141, and 234.
H

TUESDAY, DECEMBER 6, 1932
87
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: The Chief Justice, Mr. Justice Van Devanter, Mr. Justice
McReynolds, Mr. Justice Brandeis, Mr. Justice Sutherland, Mr.
Justice Butler, Mr. Justice Stone, Mr. Justice Roberts, and Mr.
Justice Cardozo.
Charles F. Werner, of Indianapolis, Ind.; James T. Dowling, of
Gary Ind.; Edward V. Buckley, of Sharon, Pa.; Arthur Gorman
Gallagher, of New York City; Grover Cleveland Young, of De Land,
Fla.; and Ralph K. Lowder, of Martinsville, Ind., were admitted to
practice.
No. 5, original. The State of Wisconsin et al., complainants, v. The
State of Illinois and Sanitary District of Chicago et al.;
No. 8, original. State of Michigan et al., complainants, v. The State
of Illinois and Sanitary District of Chicago et al.; and
No. 9, original. State of New York et al., complainants, v. State of
Illinois and Sanitary District of Chicago et al. Argument on the
return to the rule to show cause continued by Mr. William Rothman
for the defendant, Sanitary District of Chicago, and concluded by
Mr. Gilbert Bettman for complainants, and submitted by Mr. Oscar
E. Carlstrom for defendant, The State of Illinois.
No. 335. Ray Lyman Wilbur, Secretary of the Interior, petitioner,
v. The United States of America ex rel. Chestatee Pyrites & Chemical
Corporation. Argued by Mr. Assistant Attorney General Richard-
son for the petitioner, and by Mr. Edgar Watkins for the respondent.
No. 32. The Railroad Commission of Texas and C. V. Terrell et al.,
appellants, v. Alfred MacMillan, Individually, etc., et al. Argued
by Mr. Maurice Cheek for the appellants, and by Mr. J. N. Saye for
the appellees.
No. 58. David Burnet, Commissioner of Internal Revenue, peti-
tioner, v. R. E. Huff, Individually, etc., et al. Argued by Mr. Paul
D. Miller for the petitioner, and by Mr. Harry C. Weeks for the
respondent.
Adjourned until tomorrow at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Wednesday, December 7, will be as follows: Nos.
82, 128, 131, 137, 141, 234, 308, 147, 163, and 166.
141905-32-28
☑

☑
WEDNESDAY, DECEMBER 7, 1932
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: The Chief Justice, Mr. Justice Van Devanter, Mr. Justice
McReynolds, Mr. Justice Brandeis, Mr. Justice Sutherland, Mr.
Justice Butler, Mr. Justice Stone, Mr. Justice Roberts, and Mr.
Justice Cardozo.
Hobart F. Woodward, of London, Ky.; Frederick Schafer, of
Washington, D. C.; Henry S. Rademacher, of Chicago, Ill.; Mortimer
W. Newton, of Providence, R. I.; George R. Beane, of Providence,
R. I.; Franklin R. Overmyer, of Chicago, Ill.; James Frederick
Henderson, of Columbus, Ohio; and Joseph E. Fitzpatrick, of Provi-
dence, R. I., were admitted to practice.
No. 82. Frank Cook, petitioner, v. The United States of America.
Argument commenced by Mr. Joseph E. Fitzpatrick for the peti-
tioner; continued by Mr. Solicitor General Thacher for the respond-
ent; and concluded by Mr. Edmund M. Toland for the petitioner.
No. 128. Wabash Valley Electric Company, appellant, v. Ralph
M. Young et al., etc. Argued by Mr. John C. Lawyer for the appel-
lant, and by Mr. Arthur L. Gilliom and Mr. George N. Hufsmith for
the appellees.
Adjourned until to-morrow at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Thursday, December 8, will be as follows: Nos.
131, 137, 141, 234, 308, 147, 163, 166, 176, and 182.
141905-32-29
88

THURSDAY, DECEMBER 8, 1932
89
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: The Chief Justice, Mr. Justice McReynolds, Mr. Justice
Brandeis, Mr. Justice Sutherland, Mr. Justice Butler, Mr. Justice
Stone, Mr. Justice Roberts, and Mr. Justice Cardozo.
Person E. Woodall, of Norman, Okla.; James P. Barry, of San
Francisco, Calif.; Purman Wilson, of Purcell, Okla.; Edwin F. Hunt,
of Nashville, Tenn.; and Frank J. Beckwith, of Charles Town,
W. Va., were admitted to practice.
No. 131. American Surety Company of New York, petitioner, v.
Teresa Marotta. Argued by Mr. Harry LeBaron Sampson for the
petitioner, and case submitted by Mr. George I. Cohen for the
respondent.
No. 137. Aetna Life Insurance Company, etc., et al., petitioners, v.
Samuel D. Moses. Argued by Mr. Charles W. Arth and Mr. Leonard
J. Ganse for the petitioners, and by Mr. H. Clay Espey for the
respondents.
No. 141. The United States, petitioner, v. Factors & Finance Co.
Argued by Mr. Assistant Attorney General Rugg for the petitioner,
and by Mr. J. Gilmer Korner, jr., for the respondent. Leave granted
respondent to file supplemental brief within two days with leave to
petitioner to reply thereto on or before Tuesday next.
No. 234. The United States of America, petitioner, v. Henry
Prentiss & Company, Inc. Argument commenced by Mr. Assistant
Attorney General Rugg for the petitioner, and continued by Mr.
Joseph F. Murray for the respondent.
Adjourned until to-morrow at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Friday, December 9, will be as follows: Nos. 234,
308, 166, 147, 176, 182, 191, 163, 171, and 282.
141905-32-30
✓

FRIDAY, DECEMBER 9, 1932
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: The Chief Justice, Mr. Justice Van Devanter, Mr. Justice
Brandeis, Mr. Justice Sutherland, Mr. Justice Butler, Mr. Justice
Stone, Mr. Justice Roberts, and Mr. Justice Cardozo.
Morton L. Fearey, of New York City; Samuel H. Horne, of Wash-
ington, D. C.; and Solomon Goldkrand, of Boston, Mass., were
admitted to practice.
No. 234. The United States of America, petitioner, v. Henry
Prentiss & Company, Inc. Argument continued by Mr. Joseph F.
Murray for the respondent and concluded by Mr. Assistant Attorney
General Rugg for the petitioner. Leave granted petitioner to file
supplemental brief within five days.
No. 308. The United States, petitioner, v. Memphis Cotton Oil
Company. Argued by Mr. Assistant Attorney General Rugg for
the petitioner, and by Mr. Walter E. Barton for the respondent.
No. 166. John & Higgins of California, petitioner, v. The United
States. Argued by Mr. Cletus Keating for the petitioner, and by
Mr. Solicitor General Thacher for the respondent.
No. 147. Sam Hawks, et al., etc., petitioners, v. Charles H. Hamill
et al. Argument commenced by Mr. W. C. Lewis for the petitioners;
continued by Mr. Charles B. Cochran for the respondents; and con-
cluded by Mr. Purman Wilson for the petitioners.
Adjourned until Monday next at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Monday, December 12, will be as follows: Nos.
176, 182, 191, 163, 171, 282, 192, 194, 202, and 215.
141905-32-31
00
90

MONDAY, DECEMBER 12, 1932
91
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: The Chief Justice, Mr. Justice Van Devanter, Mr. Justice
McReynolds, Mr. Justice Brandeis, Mr. Justice Butler, Mr. Justice
Stone, Mr. Justice Roberts, and Mr. Justice Cardozo.
Frank E. Tyler, of Kansas City, Mo.; Onslow S. Dodd, of Palo
Alto, Calif.; Frederic Sammond, of Milwaukee, Wis.; Arthur Keith
Black, of Lake City, Fla.; Christopher S. Bradley, of Groesbeck,
Tex.; Kelly Brown, of Muskogee, Okla.; Frank A. Ross, of Madison,
Wis.; Clifford G. Mathys, of Madison, Wis.; Obie Crocker, of Tren-
ton, Fla.; and Wm. T. Andress, jr., of Dallas, Tex., were admitted
to practice.
No. 57. General Electric Company and Carboloy Company, Inc.,
petitioners, v. The Marvel Rare Metals Company, The Ohio Instru-
ment Manufacturing Company, Charles L. Gebauer et al. On writ
of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the
Sixth Circuit. Decree affirmed with costs, and cause remanded to the
District Court of the United States for the Northern District of
Ohio. Opinion by Mr. Justice Butler.
No. 20. Earle & Stoddart, Inc., et al., Owners of Cargo on Steam-
ship "Galileo," petitioners, v. Ellerman's Wilson Line, Ltd., Owner
of Steamship "Galileo." On writ of certiorari to the United States
Circuit Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit. Decree affirmed
with costs and cause remanded to the District Court of the United
States for the Southern District of New York. Opinion by Mr. Jus-
tice Brandeis.
No. 52. Hubert Dalton and Florence W. Dalton, petitioners, v.
Frank C. Bowers, as Executor of the Last Will and Testament of
Frank K. Bowers, etc. On writ of certiorari to the United States
Circuit Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit. Judgment af-
firmed with costs, and cause remanded to the District Court of the
United States for the Southern District of New York. Opinion
by Mr. Justice McReynolds.
No. 95. David Burnet, Commissioner of Internal Revenue, peti-
tioner, v. Commonwealth Improvement Company. On writ of
certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the
Third Circuit. Judgment reversed, and cause remanded to the said.
141905-32-32

MONDAY, DECEMBER 12, 1932
92
Circuit Court of Appeals for further proceedings in conformity
with the opinion of this Court. Opinion by Mr. Justice
McReynolds.
No. 180. David Burnet, Commissioner of Internal Revenue, peti-
tioner, v. R. P. Clark. On writ of certiorari to the Court of Ap-
peals of the District of Columbia. Judgment reversed, and cause
remanded to the said Court of Appeals for further proceedings in
conformity with the opinion of this Court. Opinion by Mr. Justice
McReynolds.
No. 11. R. S. Sterling, Governor of the State of Texas, et al.,
appellants, v. E. Constantin et al.; and
No. 453. R. S. Sterling, Governor of the State of Texas, et al.,
appellants, v. E. Constantin et al. Appeals from the District Court
of the United States for the Eastern District of Texas. No. 11,
appeal dismissed. No. 453, decree affirmed with costs. Opinion by
Mr. Chief Justice Hughes.
The Chief Justice announced the following orders of the Court:
No. 32. The Railroad Commission of Texas and C. V. Terrell
et al., appellants, v. Alfred Macmillan, Individually, Alfred Mac-
millan, Trustee, et al. Appeal from the District Court of the United
States for the Western District of Texas. Per curiam: Decree re-
versed and cause remanded with directions to dismiss the bill of
complaint. Brownlow v. Schwartz, 261 U. S. 216; Alejandrino v.
Quezon, 271 U. S. 528, 535, 536; U. S. ex rel. Norwegian Nitrogen
Products Co. v. Tariff Commission, 274 U. S. 106, 112.
No. 449. Frank Haskell, F. M. Tibbets, H. Phelps, et al., appel-
lants, v. The People of the State of California. Appeal from the
Superior Court of the County of Los Angeles, Appellate Depart-
ment, State of California. Per curiam: The appeal herein is dis-
missed for the want of jurisdiction. Sec. 237(a) Judicial Code as
amended by the Act of February 13, 1925 (43 Stat. 936, 937).
Treating the papers whereon the appeal was allowed as a petition
for writ of certiorari as required by Sec. 237 (c), Judicial Code as
amended (43 Stat. 936, 938), certiorari is denied.
The Chief Justice said:
"The other orders of the Court appear upon the list certified by
the Chief Justice and filed with the Clerk and will not be announced
orally."
No. -, original. Ex Parte: Adolph R. Moder et al., petitioners.
The motion for leave to proceed in forma pauperis herein is granted.

MONDAY, DECEMBER 12, 1932
93
A rule is ordered to issue requiring respondents to show cause on or
before Monday, January 9, next, why leave to file petition for writ
of mandamus and/or prohibition should not be granted.
No. 504. Appalachian Coals, Incorporated, et al., appellants, v.
The United States of America. The motion to advance is granted
and the case assigned for argument on Monday, January 9, next,
after the case heretofore assigned for that day.
No. 517. Public Service Commission of Wisconsin et al., appel-
lants, v. Wisconsin Telephone Company. In this case probable juris-
diction is noted. Further consideration of the motion to affirm is
postponed to the hearing of the case on the merits.
No. 356. Indian Territory Illuminating Oil Company, petitioner,
v. Board of Equalization of Tulsa County, Oklahoma. Petition for
writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of the State of Oklahoma
granted.
No. 357. Indian Territory Illuminating Oil Company, petitioner,
v. Board of County Commissioners of Payne County, Oklahoma.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of the State of
Oklahoma granted.
No. 534. Scranton Electric Company, petitioner, v. Commissioner
of Internal Revenue. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United
States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit granted.
No. 158. Foreign Transport & Mercantile Corporation, petitioner,
v. Moran Towing & Transportation Company. Petition for writ of
certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the
Second Circuit denied.
No. 485. John Dillon, petitioner, v. The United States of America.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of
Appeals for the Eighth Circuit denied.
No. 500. C. N. Bevan, petitioner, v. Gilson D. Light, as Sheriff
of Lucas County, Ohio. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United
States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Sixth Circuit denied.
No. 501. John W. Koehrman, petitioner, v. Gilson D. Light, as
Sheriff of Lucas County, Ohio. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Sixth Circuit denied.
No. 502. Robert A. Stranahan, petitioner, v. Gilson D. Light, as
Sheriff of Lucas County, Ohio. Petition for writ of certiorari to
the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Sixth Circuit
denied.
No. 511. Puritan Pharmaceutical Company and Beecher-Cale-
Maxwell, Inc., petitioners, v. Benjamin Ansehl. Petition for writ
of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the
Eighth Circuit denied.

MONDAY, DECEMBER 12, 1932
94
The Chief Justice announced the following order of the Court:
ORDER
The Court will take a recess from Monday, December 19, to Mon-
day, January 9, 1933.
No. 518. Pacific Coast Steel Company, petitioner, v. John P.
McLaughlin, United States Collector of Internal Revenue, etc.
Leave granted respondent to file brief by December 17 next on
motion of Mr. Solicitor General Thacher for the respondent.
No. 141. The United States, petitioner, v. Factors & Finance
Company;
No. 234. The United States of America, petitioner, v. Henry
Prentiss & Company, Inc.; and
No. 308. The United States, petitioner, v. Memphis Cotton Oil
Company. Leave granted to file brief of Percy W. Phillips as
amicus curiae, on motion of Mr. Percy W. Phillips in that behalf.
No. 15, original. State of Wyoming, complainant, v. State of
Colorado. Application for appointment of Commissioners to take
testimony, per stipulation of counsel, presented.
No. 176. The Nashville, Chattanooga & St. Louis Railway, appel-
lant, v. Roy C. Wallace, Comptroller of the Treasury of the State
of Tennessee, et al., etc. Roy H. Beeler, Attorney General successor
in office of L. D. Smith, substituted as a party appellee, on motion
of Mr. Fitzgerald Hall in that behalf.
No. 176. The Nashville, Chattanooga & St. Louis Railway, appel-
lant, v. Roy C. Wallace, Comptroller of the Treasury of the State of
Tennessee, et al., etc. Argued by Mr. Fitzgerald Hall for the ap-
pellant, and by Mr. W. F. Barry, jr., and Mr. E. F. Hunt for the
appellees.
No. 182. Pinellas Ice and Cold Storage Company, petitioner, v.
Commissioner of Internal Revenue. Argument commenced by Mr.
Albert L. Hopkins for the petitioner, and continued by Mr. Whitney
North Seymour for the respondent.
Adjourned until to-morrow at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Tuesday, December 13, will be as follows: Nos.
182, 191, 163, 171, 282, 192, 194, 202, 215, and 217.

TUESDAY, DECEMBER 13, 1932
95
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: The Chief Justice, Mr. Justice Van Devanter, Mr. Jus-
tice McReynolds, Mr. Justice Brandeis, Mr. Justice Butler, Mr. Jus-
tice Stone, Mr. Justice Roberts, and Mr. Justice Cardozo.
R. Robinson Chance, of Jersey City, N. J., and W. C. Davis, of
Manning, S. C., were admitted to practice.
No. 182. Pinellas Ice and Cold Storage Company, petitioner, v.
Commissioner of Internal Revenue. Argument continued by Mr.
Whitney North Seymour for the respondent, and concluded by Mr.
Albert L. Hopkins for the petitioner.
No. 191. The United States of America, petitioner, v. Clarence P.
Arzner. Argued by Mr. Paul D. Miller for the petitioner, and by
Mr. Samuel H. Williams for the respondent.
No. 163. Atlantic City Electric Company, petitioner, v. Commis-
sioner of Internal Revenue. Argued by Mr. Graham Sumner for the
petitioner, and by Mr. Assistant Attorney General Youngquist for
the respondent.
No. 171. Mrs. J. H. Probreslo, appellant, v. Joseph M. Boyd
Company et al. Argued by Mr. C. G. Mathys for the appellant, and
by Mr. Frank Ross for the appellees.
No. 282. Helen C. Johnson et al., appellants, v. Arthur Star.
Argued by Mr. William T. Andress, jr., for the appellee, and case
submitted by Mr. Spearman Webb for the appellants.
No. 192. David Burnet, Commissioner of Internal Revenue, peti-
tioner, v. Aluminum Goods Manufacturing Company. Argument
commenced by Mr. Assistant Attorney General Youngquist for the
petitioner.
Adjourned until to-morrow at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Wednesday, December 14, will be as follows: Nos.
192, 194, 202, 215, 217, 8, 227, 228 (and 229), 264, and 272.
141905 32 33
Х

WEDNESDAY, DECEMBER 14, 1932
96
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: The Chief Justice, Mr. Justice Van Devanter, Mr. Jus-
tice McReynolds, Mr. Justice Brandeis, Mr. Justice Butler, Mr.
Justice Stone, Mr. Justice Roberts, and Mr. Justice Cardozo.
Herman J. Goldberg of Wilkes-Barre, Pa.; Burrell Wright, of
Indianapolis, Ind.; Absalom W. Hoover, of Kansas City, Mo.; John
S. McCampbell, of Corpus Christi, Tex.; Harold W. Lewis, of
Quincy, Ill.; and Benjamin Greenspan, of New York City, were
admitted to practice.
No. 192. David Burnet, Commissioner of Internal Revenue, peti-
tioner, v. Aluminum Goods Manufacturing Company. Argument
continued by Mr. Assistant Attorney General Youngquist for the
petitioner; by Mr. Frederic Sammond for the respondent, and con-
cluded by Mr. Assistant Attorney General Youngquist for the
petitioner.
No. 194. Atlantic Coast Line Railroad Company and William
Smith, appellants, v. Katherine H. Ford. Argued by Mr. Henry E.
Davis for the appellants, and by Mr. W. C. Davis for the appellee.
No. 202. Third National Bank and Trust Company of Springfield
et al., executors, petitioners, v. Thomas W. White, Collector of In-
ternal Revenue. Argument commenced by Mr. Harold P. Small for
the petitioners. The Court declined to hear further argument.
No. 215. E. G. Palmer, petitioner, v. Mrs. Agnes B. McGrawl
Bender, Administratrix, etc. Argument commenced by Mr. John H.
Tucker, jr., for the petitioner.
Adjourned until tomorrow at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Thursday, December 15, will be as follows: Nos.
215, 217, 8, 227, 228 (and 229), 264, 272, 315, and 322.
141905-32-
-34
Х

THURSDAY, DECEMBER 15, 1932
97
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: The Chief Justice, Mr. Justice Van Devanter, Mr. Justice
McReynolds, Mr. Justice Brandeis, Mr. Justice Butler, Mr. Justice
Stone, Mr. Justice Roberts, and Mr. Justice Cardozo.
Maxwell Baxter, of Fort Lauderdale, Fla.; Joseph Glass, of New
York City; Jerome Weinstein, of New York City; Haskell Cohn, of
Boston, Mass.; Maury Hughes, of Dallas, Tex.; Lincoln Hulley, of
De Land, Fla.; Lowell W. Bassett, of Raleigh, N. C.; and Martin
Witte, of Boston, Mass., were admitted to practice.
No. 215. E. G. Palmer, petitioner, v. Mrs. Agnes B. McGrawl
Bender, Administratrix, etc. Argument continued by Mr. Assistant
Attorney General Youngquist for the respondent, and concluded by
Mr. John H. Tucker, jr., for the petitioner.
No. 217. The Guaranty Trust Company of New York, as Executor
etc., appellant, v. William H. Blodgett, Tax Commissioner. Argued
by Mr. Gregory Hankin for the appellant, and by Mr. Farwell Knapp
for the appellee.
No. 8. National Surety Company, et al., petitioners, v. Valeria E.
Coriell, et al. Argued by Mr. Charles H. Tuttle for the petitioners,
and by Mr. John S. Sheppard for the respondents.
No. 227. Richard Reid Rogers, petitioner, v. Guaranty Trust Com-
pany of New York, et al. Argument commenced by Mr. Richard
Reid Rogers for the petitioner.
Adjourned until to-morrow at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Friday, December 16, will be as follows: Nos. 227,
228 (and 229), 264, 272, 315, and 322.
141905-32-35

FRIDAY, DECEMBER 16, 1932
98
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: The Chief Justice, Mr. Justice Van Devanter, Mr. Jus-
tice McReynolds, Mr. Justice Brandeis, Mr. Justice Butler, Mr.
Justice Stone, Mr. Justice Roberts, and Mr. Justice Cardozo.
Albert Edgar Stephan. of Washington, D. C.: Raymond R. Ryan.
of Albuquerque, N. Mex.; John E. Nelson, of Augusta, Me.; Thomas
L. Bowden, of Columbus, Ga.; and Robert L. Hogg, of Point Pleas-
ant, W. Va., were admitted to practice.
No. 227. Richard Reid Rogers, petitioner, v. Guaranty Trust
Company of New York et al. Argument continued by Mr. Richard
Reid Rogers for the petitioner and concluded by Mr. John W. Davis
for the respondents.
No. 228. George A. Ohl & Company, petitioner, v. The A. L.
Smith Iron Works; and
No. 229. George A. Ohl & Company, petitioner, v. The A. L.
Smith Iron Works. Argued by Mr. Lee M. Friedman for the peti-
tioner and by Mr. Martin Witte for the respondent.
No. 264. The United States of America, appellant, v. Chicago,
North Shore and Milwaukee Railroad Company. Argued by Mr.
Assistant to the Attorney General O'Brian for the appellant and by
Mr. Robert E. Quirk for the appellee.
Adjourned until Monday, December 19, at 12 o'clock.
141905 32 36

MONDAY, DECEMBER 19, 1932
99
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: The Chief Justice, Mr. Justice Van Devanter, Mr. Jus
tice Brandeis, Mr. Justice Sutherland, Mr. Justice Butler, Mr. Jus-
tice Stone, Mr. Justice Roberts, and Mr. Justice Cardozo.
A. Melrose Lamar, of West Palm Beach, Fla.; Royal Worth
Vaughan, of New York City; Russell J. Burt, of Canton, Ohio;
Raymond G. Barnett, of Kansas City, Mo.; and Cody Fowler, of
Tampa, Fla., were admitted to practice.
No. 177. C. V. Sorrells, petitioner, v. The United States of
America. On writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court
of Appeals for the Fourth Circuit. Judgment reversed, and cause
remanded to the District Court of the United States for the Western
District of North Carolina for further proceedings in conformity
with the opinion of this Court. Opinion by Mr. Chief Justice
Hughes. Mr. Justice McReynolds is of the opinion that the judg-
ment below should be affirmed. Opinion of Mr. Justice Roberts, in
which Mr. Justice Brandeis and Mr. Justice Stone concur.
No. 166. Johnson & Higgins, of California, petitioner, v. The
United States. On writ of certiorari to the Court of Claims. Judg-
ment reversed, and cause remanded to the said Court of Claims
for further proceedings in conformity with the opinion of this Court.
Opinion by Mr. Chief Justice Hughes.
The Chief Justice announced the following orders of the Court:
No. 202. Third National Bank and Trust Company of Spring-
field et al., executors, petitioners v. Thomas W. White, Collector of
Internal Revenue. On writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit
Court of Appeals for the First Circuit. Per curiam: Judgment
affirmed. Tyler v. United States, 281 U. S. 497, 504, 505; Gwinn v.
Commissioner, 287 U. S. —.
No. 530. The Real Estate-Land Title & Trust Company, as
Trustee, appellant, v. The City of Springfield, Ohio, The Transit
Improvement Company, et al. Appeal from the Supreme Court of
the State of Ohio. Per curiam: The appeal herein is dismissed for
the reason that the judgment of the state court sought here to be
141905-32-37

MONDAY, DECEMBER 19, 1932
100
reviewed was based upon a non-federal ground adequate to support
it. New Orleans Water Works Co. v. Louisiana Sugar Co., 125 U. S.
18, 38, 39; Cross Lake Club v. Louisiana, 224 U. S. 632, 639, 640;
Long Sault Development Co. v. Call, 242 U. S. 272, 277, 278; Hardin-
Wyandot Lighting Co. v. Village of Upper Sandusky, 251 U. S. 173,
178, 179; Girard Trust Co. v. Ocean & Lake Realty Co., 286 U. S. 523.
The Chief Justice said:
"The other orders of the Court appear upon the list certified by
the Chief Justice and filed with the Clerk and will not be announced
orally."
No. In Re Disbarment of Harold Van Riper.
―.
It having been shown to the Court that Harold Van Riper of
New York, New York, a member of the Bar of this Court, has been
convicted of a felony in the District Court of the United States for
the Southern District of New York upon a plea of guilty; and this
Court having issued its order, October 10, 1932, pursuant to Rule 2,
paragraph 5, of the Rules of this Court, suspending the said Van
Riper from practice before this Court and requiring him to show
cause why he should not be disbarred from the practice of the law
in this Court; and the Court having received and considered the
response of the said Van Riper to the rule aforesaid,
It is ordered that the said Harold Van Riper be, and he is hereby,
disbarred and that his name be stricken from the roll of attorneys
admitted to practice in this Court.
No. 5, original. The State of Wisconsin et al., complainants, v.
The State of Illinois and Sanitary District of Chicago et al.;
No. 8, original. State of Michigan et al., complainants, v. The
State of Illinois and Sanitary District of Chicago et al.; and
No. 9, original. State of New York et al., complainants, v. State
of Illinois and Sanitary District of Chicago et al. Upon considera-
tion of the return of the defendants in the above-entitled causes to
the rule issued October 10, 1932, requiring them to show cause why
they have not taken appropriate steps to effect compliance with the
requirements of the decree of this Court in these causes dated April
21, 1930 (281 U. S. 696), and of the argument had thereon,
It is ordered that these causes be referred to Edward F. McClennen,
Esquire, as a Special Master, with directions and authority to make
summary inquiry and to report to the Court on or before April 1,
1933,
(1) as to the causes of the delay in obtaining approval of the
construction of controlling works in the Chicago River and the steps
which should now be taken to secure such approval and prompt
construction;

MONDAY, DECEMBER 19, 1932
101
(2) as to the causes of the delay in providing for the construction
of the Southwest Side Treatment Works, and the steps which should
now be taken for such construction or, in case of a change in site,
for the construction of an adequate substitute;
(3) as to the financial measures on the part of the Sanitary Dis-
trict or the State of Illinois which are reasonable and necessary in
order to carry out the decree of this Court.
The Special Master shall have authority to proceed promptly and
summarily in making said inquiry and (1) to employ competent
stenographic and clerical assistants, (2) to fix the times and places
of taking the evidence, and (3) to issue subpoenas to secure the
attendance of witnesses including those of his own selection, and to
administer oaths. When the report of the Special Master is filed
the Clerk of the Court shall cause the same to be printed and the
Court, without the filing of exceptions, will appoint a day for hear-
ing the parties thereon, as the Court may be advised.
The Special Master shall be allowed his actual expenses and a
reasonable compensation for his services to be fixed hereafter by
the Court. The allowances to him, the compensation paid to his
stenographic and clerical assistants, and the cost of printing his
report shall be charged against and be borne by the parties in such
proportion as the Court hereafter may direct.
If the appointment herein made of a Special Master is not ac-
cepted, or if the place becomes vacant during the recess of the Court,
the Chief Justice shall have authority to make a new designation
which shall have the same effect as if originally made by the Court
herein.
No. 15, original. The State of Wyoming, complainant, v. The
State of Colorado. On consideration of the joint motion and stipu-
lation of counsel for the respective parties in this cause for the
appointment of special commissioners to take and return the testi-
mony in this cause,
It is now here ordered by the Court that E. O. Whittington be,
and he is hereby, appointed special commissioner to take and return
the testimony in this cause offered on behalf of the complainant, and
that J. Howard Carpenter be, and he is hereby, appointed special
commissioner to take and return the testimony in this cause offered
on behalf of the defendant, and that each shall have the power of
a master in chancery, as provided in the rules of this Court, but said
commissioners shall not make any findings of fact or state any con-
clusions of law.
It is further ordered that the taking of testimony on behalf of the
complainant shall begin on April 3, 1933, at such place as counsel
for complainant may designate, ten days' notice thereof to be given
to counsel for defendant, and shall be concluded within forty days

MONDAY, DECEMBER 19, 1932
102
thereafter; and the taking of the testimony on behalf of the defend-
ant shall commence on or before fifteen days after the conclusion
of the testimony offered on behalf of complainant and shall be con-
cluded within forty days thereafter; and the testimony in rebuttal
shall be commenced on or before fifteen days after the conclusion.
of the testimony offered on behalf of the defendant, five days' notice
of the place being given, and shall be concluded within fifteen days
thereafter.
It is further ordered, in pursuance of said stipulation, that the
said commissioners shall receive as their sole compensation for all
services and for all testimony taken and transcribed the sum of
twenty cents per folio for the original transcript and the further
sum of five cents per folio for each carbon copy thereof, together
with actual and necessary travelling expenses incurred in the taking
of the testimony.
No. 535. Transit Commission and The State of New York, appel-
lants, v. The United States of America et al. In this case probable
jurisdiction is noted.
No. 468. Harry C. Cotter and Cotter Butte Mines, Inc., peti-
tioners v. The United States of America. Petition for writ of
certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the
Second Circuit denied.
No. 490. Frederick A. Sansome, petitioner, v. David Burnet, Com-
missioner of Internal Revenue. Petition for writ of certiorari to
the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit
denied.
No. 497. The State of Wyoming, on the relation of Merritt Oil
Corporation, petitioner v. The District Court of the Sixth Judicial
District of the State of Wyoming, etc. Petition for writ of cer-
tiorari to the Supreme Court of the State of Wyoming denied.
No. 503. Southern Pacific Company, petitioner, v. The United
States of America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United
States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit denied.
No. 505. Bernard W. Brink, petitioner, v. The United States of
America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Cir-
cuit Court of Appeals for the Sixth Circuit denied.
No. 506. Luke Lea and Luke Lea, Jr., petitioners, v. The State of
North Carolina; and
No. 507. Luke Lea and Luke Lea, Jr., petitioners, v. The State of
North Carolina. Petition for writs of certiorari to the Superior
Court of Buncombe County and to the Supreme Court of the State
of North Carolina denied.
No. 508. General Tube Company, petitioner, v. Steel & Tubes,
Inc.; and

MONDAY, DECEMBER 19, 1932
103
No. 509. General Tube Company, petitioner, v. Steel & Tubes,
Inc. Petition for writs of certiorari to the United States Circuit
Court of Appeals for the Third Circuit denied.
No. 510. Marquette Tool & Manufacturing Company et al., peti-
tioners v. The Hooven, Ownes, Rentschler Company. Petition for
writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for
the Sixth Circuit denied.
No. 512. Boris Topas, Anakei Naftanovich, et al., etc., petitioners,
v. National Shawmut Bank of Boston. Petition for writ of certiorari
to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the First Circuit
denied.
No. 520. Lehigh and New England Railroad Company, petitioner,
v. E. Burke Finnerty. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United
States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Third Circuit denied.
No. 533. Thomas J. Howard and Steamtug " William G. Howard,"
by Thomas J. Howard, Claimant, petitioners v. Randall & McAllis-
ter and Goodwin-Gallagher Sand & Gravel Corporation et al. Peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of
Appeals for the Second Circuit denied.
No., original. Ex Parte: Adolph R. Moder et al., petitioners.
Motion for bail submitted by Mr. Jesse C. Duke for the petitioners.
No. 374. The People of the State of New York, petitioner, v.
Mark M. Maclay et al. Motion to advance submitted by Mr. Charles
A. Schneider for the petitioner.
No., original. Ex Parte: John L. Lamkin et al., petitioners.
Motion for leave to file petition for writ of mandamus submitted by
Mr. William R. Watkins for the petitioners.
-
-
No. original. State of New Jersey, complainant, v. Common-
wealth of Pennsylvania. Return to the rule to show cause presented.
No. 549. Edmond L. Viles, petitioner, v. The United States of
America. Motion for leave to proceed in forma pauperis submitted
by Mr. Edmond L. Viles pro se.
Adjourned until Monday, January 9, 1933, at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Monday, January 9, 1933, will be as follows: Nos.
138, 504, 272, 278, 283, 286, 293, 301, 304, and 315.
×

CORRECTED CORTARY 9, 1933
104
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: The Chief Justice, Mr. Justice Van Devanter, Mr. Jus-
tice McReynolds, Mr. Justice Brandeis, Mr. Justice Sutherland, Mr.
Justice Butler, Mr. Justice Stone, Mr. Justice Roberts, and Mr. Jus-
tice Cardozo.
Leonard Belford, of New York City; Edward O'Toole, of New
York City; Robt. J. O'Neal, of Shreveport, La.; Edward T. Seay, of
Nashville, Tenn.; Henry Clay Agnew, of Seattle, Wash.; John V.
Lovitt, of Philadelphia, Pa.; Wm. Martin, of Seattle, Wash.; Charles
David Ashley, of Milwaukee, Wis.; George W. Fields, of Oklahoma
City, Okla.; and Frontis H. Moore, of Montgomery, Ala., were ad-
mitted to practice.
No. 147. Sam Hawks, J. F. McKeel, and Lew Wentz, Constituting
the State Highway Commission of Oklahoma, et al., petitioners, v.
Charles H. Hamill and Willoughby G. Walling. On writ of cer-
tiorari to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Tenth
Circuit. Decree of the said Circuit Court of Appeals reversed with
costs, and the decree of the District Court of the United States for
the Western District of Oklahoma affirmed, and cause remanded to
the said District Court for further proceedings in conformity with
the opinion of this Court. Opinion by Mr. Justice Cardozo.
No. 308. The United States, petitioner, v. Memphis Cotton Oil
Company. On writ of certiorari to the Court of Claims. Judgment
affirmed. Opinion by Mr. Justice Cardozo.
No. 234. The United States of America, petitioner, v. Henry
Prentiss & Company, Inc. On writ of certiorari to the United
States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit. Judgment.
reversed to the extent of the petitioner's objections thereto, and the
cause remanded to the District Court of the United States for the
Southern District of New York for further proceedings in con-
formity with the opinion of this Court. Opinion by Mr. Justice
Cardozo.
No. 141. The United States, petitioner, v. Factors & Finance
Company. On writ of certiorari to the Court of Claims. Judgment.
affirmed. Opinion by Mr. Justice Cardozo.
141905-33- -38
4

MONDAY, JANUARY 9, 1933
105
No. 264. The United States of America, appellant, v. Chicago
North Shore and Milwaukee Railroad Company. Appeal from the
District Court of the United States for the Northern District of
Illinois. Decree affirmed. Opinion by Mr. Justice Roberts.
No. 23. Interstate Commerce Commission, Public Utilities Com-
missioner of Oregon, etc., and Public Utilities Commission of the
state of Idaho, appellants, v. Oregon-Washington Railroad & Navi-
gation Company, Southern Pacific Company, Great Northern Rail-
way Company, et al. Appeal from the District Court of the United
States for the District of Oregon. Decree affirmed. Opinion by Mr.
Justice Roberts. Dissenting opinion by Mr. Justice Cardozo in which
Mr. Justice Brandeis and Mr. Justice Stone join.
No. 137. Aetna Life Insurance Company, etc., et al., petitioners,
v. Samuel D. Moses. On writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals
of the District of Columbia. Judgment reversed with costs, and
cause remanded to the said Court of Appeals for further proceedings
in conformity with the opinion of this Court. Opinion by Mr. Jus-
tice Stone.
No. 192. David Burnet, Commissioner of Internal Revenue, peti-
tioner, v. Aluminum Goods Manufacturing Company. On writ of
certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the
Seventh Circuit. Judgment affirmed, and cause remanded to the
said Circuit Court of Appeals. Opinion by Mr. Justice Stone.
No. 215. E. G. Palmer, petitioner, v. Mrs. Agnes B. McGrawl
Bender, Administratrix of the Estate of Jacob O. Bender, Late Col-
lector of Internal Revenue for the District of Louisiana. On writ of
certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the
Fifth Circuit. Judgment reversed with costs, and cause remanded
to the District Court of the United States for the Western District
of Louisiana for further proceedings in conformity with the opinion
of this Court. Opinion by Mr. Justice Stone.
No. 131. American Surety Company of New York, petitioner, v.
Teresa Marotta. On writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit
Court of Appeals for the First Circuit. Decree reversed with costs,
and cause remanded to the said Circuit Court of Appeals for further
consideration and proceedings in conformity with the opinion of this
Court. Opinion by Mr. Justice Butler.
No. 171. Mrs. J. H. Pobreslo, appellant, v. Joseph M. Boyd Com-
pany, Clarence E. Karn, L. D. Atkinson, et al. Appeal from the
Supreme Court of the State of Wisconsin. Judgment affirmed with
costs. Opinion of Mr. Justice Butler.

MONDAY, JANUARY 9, 1933
106
No. 282. Helen C. Johnson, Herbert F. Johnson, jr., Henrietta J.
Louis, et al., etc., appellants, v. Arthur Star. Appeal from the Su-
preme Court of the State of Texas. Judgment affirmed with costs.
Opinion by Mr. Justice Butler.
No. 128. Wabash Valley Electric Company, appellant, v. Ralph
M. Young, John W. McArdle, Howell Ellis, et al., etc. Appeal from
the District Court of the United States for the Southern District
of Indiana. Decree affirmed with costs. Opinion by Mr. Justice
Sutherland.
No. 194. Atlantic Coast Line Railroad Company and William
Smith, appellants, v. Katherine H. Ford. Appeal from the Supreme
Court of the State of South Carolina. Judgment affirmed with
costs. Opinion by Mr. Justice Sutherland.
No. 217. The Guaranty Trust Company of New York, as Executor
of the Last Will and Testament of Harriet D. Sewell, deceased,
appellant, v. William H. Blodgett, Tax Commissioner. Appeal from
the Superior Court of Fairfield County, State of Connecticut.
Judgment affirmed with costs. Opinion by Mr. Justice Sutherland.
No. 314. Fairmount Glass Works, petitioner, v. Cub Fork Coal
Company and Paragon Colliery Company. On writ of certiorari
to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Seventh Cir-
cuit. Judgment of the said Circuit Court of Appeals reversed with
costs, and the judgment of the District Court of the United States
for the Southern District of Indiana affirmed and cause remanded
to the said District Court for further proceedings in conformity with
the opinion of this Court. Opinion by Mr. Justice Brandeis. Dis-
senting opinion by Mr. Justice Stone and Mr. Justice Cardozo.
No. 182. Pinellas Ice and Cold Storage Company, petitioner, v.
Commissioner of Internal Revenue. On writ of certiorari to the
United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit. Judg-
ment affirmed and cause remanded to the said Circuit Court of
Appeals. Opinion by Mr. Justice McReynolds.
No. 191. The United States of America, petitioner, v. Clarence P.
Arzner. On writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of
Appeals for the Ninth Circuit. Judgment affirmed and cause re-
manded to the District Court of the United States for the Western
District of Washington. Opinion by Mr. Justice McReynolds.
The Chief Justice announced the following order of the Court:
No. 441. Martin A. Leach, appellant, v. The People of the State
of California. Appeal from the Supreme Court of the State of
1

MONDAY, JANUARY 9, 1933
107
California. Per curiam: The appeal herein is dismissed for the
want of a substantial Federal question. Hall v. Gieger-Jones Co.,
242 U. S. 539; Caldwell v. Sioux Falls Stock Yards Co., 242 U. S.
559; Merrick v. N. W. Halsey & Co., 242 U. S. 568; Sloman v.
Security Trust Co., 281 U. S. 704; Waters-Pierce Oil Co., v. Texas
(No. 1), 212 U. S. 86, 109; Bandini Co. v. Superior Court, 284 U. S.
8. 18; Sprouls v. Binford, 286 U. S. 374, 393.
The Chief Justice said:
"The other orders of the Court appear upon the list certified by
the Chief Justice and filed with the Clerk and will not be announced
orally."
No. -, original. The State of New Jersey, complainant, v. The
Commonwealth of Pennsylvania. On consideration of the return
to the rule to show cause it is ordered that the motion for leave to
file the bill of complaint herein be, and the same hereby is, denied.
No., original. Ex Parte: John L. Lamkin et al., petitioners.
Motion for leave to file petition for writ of mandamus denied.
No. 563. Annie Reikes, petitioner, v. William Lowenstein, as
Trustee in Bankruptcy of Meyer Reikes, Bankrupt. On petition
for writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals
for the Second Circuit. The motion for leave to proceed further
herein in forma pauperis is denied, for the reason that the Court,
upon examination of the unprinted record herein submitted, finds no
ground upon which a writ of certiorari should be issued. The
petition for writ of certiorari is therefore also denied.
No. 374. The People of the State of New York, petitioner, v.
Mark M. Maclay and Charles E. McWilliams, Receivers, etc., et al.
The motion to advance this case is denied.
No. 499. The Moffat Tunnel League et al., appellants, v. The
United States of America et al. In this case probable jurisdiction
is noted.
No. 567. The United States of America, appellant, v. Santos
Flores. In this case probable jurisdiction is noted, and the case is
advanced and assigned for argument on February 6th next.
No. 518. Pacific Coast Steel Company, petitioner, v. John P. Mc-
Laughlin, United States Collector of Internal Revenue, etc. The
petition for writ of certiorari in this case is granted, limited to the
question of the effect of Section 278(e) of the Revenue Act of 1924.
No. 531. Genevieve A. Clark, petitioner, v. The United States of
America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Cir-
1

MONDAY, JANUARY 9, 1933
108
cuit Court of Appeals for the Eighth Circuit granted and the case
advanced and assigned for argument on Monday, February 6th next,
after the case heretofore assigned for that day.
No. 523. Central Transfer Company, petitioner, v. Terminal Rail-
road Association of St. Louis, et al. Petition for writ of certiorari
to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Eighth Cir-
cuit granted.
No. 526. The Baltimore and Ohio Railroad Company and West-
ern Maryland Railway Company, petitioners, v. A. Spates Brady.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of
Appeals for the Fourth Circuit granted.
No. 537. Arthur C. Harvey Company, petitioner, v. John F.
Malley and/or Malcolm E. Nichols, Former Collectors. Petition
for writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals
for the First Circuit granted.
No. 538. Board of Trustees of the University of Illinois, peti-
tioner, v. The United States of America. Petition for writ of cer-
tiorari to the United States Court of Customs and Patent Appeals
granted.
No. 521. Agnes V. Birmingham, petitioner, v. Frank P. Graves,
as State Commissioner of Education; and
No. 522. Agnes V. Birmingham, petitioner, v. Frank P. Graves,
as State Commissioner of Education. Petition for writs of certio-
rari to the Supreme Court and to the Court of Appeals of the State
of New York denied. Mr. Justice Cardozo took no part in the con-
sideration or decision of this application.
No. 524. Manistique & Lake Superior Railroad Company, peti-
tioner, v. Elizabeth Musgrove, Administratrix of the Estate of
Thomas Musgrove, deceased. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
Supreme Court of the State of Michigan denied.
No. 525. Wellington Britton, petitioner, v. The United States of
America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Cir-
cuit Court of Appeals for the Seventh Circuit denied.
No. 527. Charles Broadway Rouss, Inc., and International Shoe
Company, petitioners, v. The First National Bank of Columbus, Ga.,
et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit
Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 528. William A. Jamison, et al., doing business under the
firm name and style of Arbuckle Bros., petitioners, v. The United
States of America, as Owner of the S. S. "Lake Galera "; and
No. 529. William A. Jamison, et al., doing business under the
firm name and style of Arbuckle Bros., petitioners, v. The United
States of America, as Owner of the S. S. "Lake Pachuta." Peti-

۱۵
MONDAY, JANUARY 9, 1933
109
tion for writs of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the Second Circuit denied.
No. 532. E. Ennalls Berl and Paul L. Hart, Receivers Lewis
Oil Corporation, petitioners, v. Mrs. M. J. Crutcher, et al. Petition
for writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals
for the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 536. Binkley Coal Company, petitioner, v. James R. Hender-
son, as Trustee in Bankruptcy of Francisco Coal, Inc., et al. Petition.
for writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals
for the Seventh Circuit denied.
No. 540. Chesapeake & Ohio Railway Company, petitioner, v.
Alliean Howard, Administratrix of the Estate of E. C. Howard,
deceased. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals
of the State of Kentucky denied.
No. 542. Frank P. Doolittle, Executor of the Estate of George A.
Hoagland, deceased, petitioner, v. A. B. Allen, Collector of Internal
Revenue for the District of Nebraska. Petition for writ of cer-
tiorari to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Eighth
Circuit denied.
No. 543. John F. Walsh, petitioner, v. The United States of
America;
No. 544. William D'Agostin, petitioner, v. The United States of
America;
No. 545. Louis Dodaro, petitioner, v. The United States of Amer-
ica; and
No. 546. Sam Capriola, petitioner, v. The United States of Amer-
ica. Petition for writs of certiorari to the United States Circuit
Court of Appeals for the Seventh Circuit denied.
No. -, original. Ex Parte: Adolph R. Moder, et al., petition-
ers. Leave granted to withdraw motion for leave to file petition
for writ of mandamus and/or prohibition on motion of Mr. Jesse C.
Duke for the petitioners.
No. original. Ex Parte: Adolph R. Moder, et al., petition-
ers. Motion for leave to file petition for writ of habeas corpus sub-
mitted by Mr. Jesse C. Duke for the petitioners.
No. 20, original. The State of Wisconsin, complainant, v. The
State of Michigan. Answer of the defendant presented.
1.

MONDAY, JANUARY 9, 1933
110
No. 138. Joseph F. Miller, petitioner, v. A. C. Aderhold, Warden,
United States Penitentiary, Atlanta, Georgia. Argued by Mr. Dean
G. Acheson for the petitioner, and by Mr. Paul D. Miller for the
respondent.
No. 504. Appalachian Coals, Incorporated, et al., appellants, v.
The United States of America. Four hours allowed for oral argu-
ment. Argument commenced by Mr. William J. Donovan for the
appellants.
Adjourned until to-morrow at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Tuesday, January 10, will be as follows: Nos.
504, 272, 278, 283, 286, 293, 301, 304, 315, and 316 (317 and
318).
☑

TUESDAY, JANUARY 10, 1933
111
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: The Chief Justice, Mr. Justice McReynolds, Mr. Justice
Brandeis, Mr. Justice Sutherland, Mr. Justice Butler, Mr. Justice
Stone, Mr. Justice Roberts, and Mr. Justice Cardozo.
Laurence A. Kahn, of New York City; John Shields Coleman, of
Birmingham, Ala.; J. Raymond Barse, of Chicago, Ill.; and Donald
B. Partridge, of Norway, Me., were admitted to practice.
No. 547. Walter H. Gant et al., appellants, v. The City of Okla-
homa City et al. Leave granted to file statement as to jurisdiction
on motion of Mr. Wesley E. Disney on behalf of counsel for appel-
lants.
No. 504. Appalachian Coals, Inc., et al., appellants, v. The United
States of America. Argument continued by Mr. William J. Dono-
van for the appellants, by Mr. John Lord O'Brian for the appellees,
and concluded by Mr. E. L. Greever for the appellants. Leave
granted appellants to file supplemental brief within three days on
motion of Mr. E. L. Greever in that behalf.
No. 272. Norwegian Nitrogen Products Company, petitioner, v.
The United States. Arguments commenced by Mr. Marion DeVries
for the petitioner.
Adjourned until to-morrow at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Wednesday, January 11, will be as follows: Nos.
272, 278, 283, 286, 293, 301, 304, 315, 316 (317 and 318), and
319.
141905-33-39

WEDNESDAY, JANUARY 11, 1933
112
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: The Chief Justice, Mr. Justice Van Devanter, Mr. Jus-
tice McReynolds, Mr. Justice Brandeis, Mr. Justice Sutherland, Mr.
Justice Butler, Mr. Justice Stone, Mr. Justice Roberts, and Mr.
Justice Cardozo.
Thos. G. Deering, of Chicago, Ill., was admitted to practice.
No. 272. Norwegian Nitrogen Products Company, petitioner, v.
The United States. Argument continued by Mr. Solicitor General
Thacher for the respondent, and concluded by Mr. Marion DeVries
for the petitioner.
No. 278. Fort Smith Suburban Railway Company et al., peti-
tioners, v. The Kansas City Southern Railway Company. Argued
by Mr. Thomas B. Pryor for the petitioners, and by Mr. Frank H.
Moore for the respondent.
No. 283. David Burnet, Commissioner of Internal Revenue, peti-
tioner, v. Muury Guggenheim. Argued by Mr. Assistant Attorney
General Youngquist for the petitioner, and by Mr. Elihu Root, jr.,
for the respondent.
No. 286. The New York Central Railroad Company, as Owner of
the Carfloat "No. 37,” petitioner, v. Tug "Talisman," The Long
Island Railroad Company. Argument commenced by Mr. Leonard
J. Matteson for the petitioner, and continued by Mr. Chauncey I.
Clark for the respondent.
Adjourned until tomorrow at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Thursday, January 12, will be as follows: Nos.
286, 293, 301, 304, 315, 316 (317 and 318), 319, 322, 330 (and
331), and 346.
141905 -33- 40
×

THURSDAY, JANUARY 12, 1933
113
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: The Chief Justice, Mr. Justice Van Devanter, Mr.
Justice Brandeis, Mr. Justice Sutherland, Mr. Justice Butler, Mr.
Justice Stone, Mr. Justice Roberts, and Mr. Justice Cardozo.
David W. Robinson, jr., of Columbia, S. C., was admitted to
practice.
No. 515. Bemis Bro. Bag Company, petitioner, v. The United
States of America. Leave granted to file supplemental brief for
petitioner by Tuesday next on motion of Mr. R. S. Doyle in that
behalf, with leave to respondent to file a reply thereto within two
days thereafter.
No. 5, original. The State of Wisconsin et al., complainants, v.
The State of Illinois and Sanitary District of Chicago et al.;
No. 8, original. The State of Michigan et al., complainants, v.
The State of Illinois and Sanitary District of Chicago et al.; and
No. 9, original. The State of New York et al., complainants, v.
The State of Illinois and Sanitary District of Chicago et al. Appli-
cation of the States of Missouri, Kentucky, Tennessee, Louisiana,
Mississippi, and Arkansas, intervening defendants, for modification
of decree and for enlargement of pending reference to report in con-
nection with such application submitted by Mr. Daniel N. Kirby for
the intervening defendants, in support thereof, and by Mr. Ralph H.
Case for the complainants, the States of Wisconsin, Minnesota, Ohio,
and Michigan, in opposition thereto.
No. 286. The New York Central Railroad Company, as Owner of
the Carfloat "No. 37," petitioner, v. Tug "Talisman," The Long
Island Railroad Company. Argument continued by Mr. Chauncey
I. Clark for the respondent, and concluded by Mr. Leonard J.
Matteson for the petitioner.
No. 293. First National Bank of Shreveport, Louisiana, et al., ap-
pellants, v. Louisiana Tax Commission et al. Argued on the motion
to dismiss by Mr. Howard B. Warren for the appellants, and by Mr.
Elias Goldstein for the appellees. Motion to dismiss denied.
141905 33 41

THURSDAY, JANUARY 12, 1933
114
No. 293. First National Bank of Shreveport, Louisiana, et al., ap-
pellants, v. Louisiana Tax Commission et al. Argument commenced
by Mr. Howard B. Warren for the appellants; continued by Mr.
Elias Goldstein for the appellees; and concluded by Mr. Lewell C.
Butler for the appellants.
No. 301. Louis K. Liggett Company et al., appellants, v. Ernest
Amos, as Comptroller of the State of Florida et al. On suggestion
of the expiration of the term of office of Ernest Amos, former Comp-
troller of the State of Florida; R. B. Council, former Tax Collector
of Leon County; and R. F. Bowden, former Tax Collector of Duval
County; J. M. Lee, present Comptroller of the State of Florida; R.
H. Mickler, present Tax Collector of Leon County; and R. H. Cars-
well, present Tax Collector of Duval County, substituted as parties
appellee, on motion of Mr. Thomas B. Adams in that behalf.
No. 301. Louis K. Liggett Company et al., appellants, v. J. M.
Lee, Comptroller of the State of Florida et al. Argument com-
menced by Mr. Thomas B. Adams for the appellants.
Adjourned until to-morrow at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Friday, January 13, will be as follows: Nos. 301,
304, 315, 316 (317 and 318), 319, 322, 330 (and 331), 346,
356, and 357.
☑

1
FRIDAY, JANUARY 13, 1933
115
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: The Chief Justice, Mr. Justice McReynolds, Mr. Justice
Brandeis, Mr. Justice Sutherland, Mr. Justice Butler, Mr. Justice
Stone, Mr. Justice Roberts, and Mr. Justice Cardoza.
George C. Baldt, of Washington, D. C.; Alexander Koehn, of Chi-
cago, Ill.; Ralph G. Pennoyer, of Washington, D. C.; Edward Vogel,
of Brooklyn, N. Y.; James I. Marsh, of Pittsburgh, Pa.; James H.
Dilley, of Pittsburgh, Pa.; E. Ennalls Berl, of Wilmington, Del.;
Alfred P. Lowell, of Boston, Mass.; and Louis E. Graham, of Pitts-
burgh, Pa.; were admitted to practice.
No. 301. Louis K. Liggett Company et al., appellants, v. J. M.
Lee, as Comptroller of the State of Florida, et al. Argument con-
tinued by Mr. Thomas B. Adams for the appellants, and concluded
by Mr. H. E. Carter for the appellees.
No. 304. The People of the State of New York, petitioners, v.
Irving Trust Company, as Trustee in Bankruptcy, etc. Argued by
Mr. Robert P. Beyer for the petitioners, and by Mr. S. John Block
for the respondent.
No. 315. Karl F. Voehl, petitioner, v. Indemnity Insurance Com-
pany of North America. Argued by Mr. Israel J. Mendelson for the
petitioner, and by Mr. G. Bowdoin Craighill for the respondent.
No. 316. The United States of America, petitioner, v. Dubilier
Condenser Corporation;
No. 317. The United States of America, petitioner, v. Dubilier
Condenser Corporation; and
No. 318. The United States of America, petitioner, v. Dubilier
Condenser Corporation. Argument commenced by Mr. Solicitor
General Thacher for the petitioner.
Adjourned until Monday next at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Monday, January 16, will be as follows: Nos.
316 (317 and 318), 319, 322, 330 (and 331), 346, 356, 357,
359, 364, and 374.
141905 33- 42
✓

MONDAY, JANUARY 16, 1933
116
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: The Chief Justice, Mr. Justice Van Devanter, Mr. Justice
McReynolds, Mr. Justice Brandeis, Mr. Justice Sutherland, Mr.
Justice Butler, Mr. Justice Stone, Mr. Justice Roberts, and Mr.
Justice Cardozo.
Henry N. Rapaport, of New York City; Joseph W. Shands, of
Jacksonville, Fla.; Daniel Willard, jr., of Baltimore, Md.; Edward
N. Perkins, of New York City; Abraham W. Feinberg, of Ithaca,
N. Y.; and Guy L. Horton, of Stillwater, Okla., were admitted to
practice.
No. 335. Ray Lyman Wilbur, Secretary of the Interior, peti-
tioner, v. The United States of America, ex rel. Chestatee Pyrites &
Chemical Corporation. On writ of certiorari to the Court of Ap-
peals of the District of Columbia. Judgment affirmed and cause
remanded to the said Court of Appeals. Opinion by Mr. Justice
McReynolds.
The Chief Justice said:
"The orders of the Court appear upon the list certified by the Chief
Justice and filed with the Clerk and will not be announced orally."
No. 278. Fort Smith Suburban Railway Company and Missouri
Pacific Railroad Company, petitioners, v. The Kansas City South-
ern Railway Company. On writ of certiorari to the Supreme
Court of the State of Arkansas. Per curiam: The writ of certiorari
herein is dismissed as improvidently granted.
No. 602. People of the State of New York, ex rel. Herman Roth-
enberg, petitioner, v. Lewis E. Lawes, as Warden of Sing Sing
Prison. On petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court
of the State of New York. The motion for leave to proceed further
herein in forma pauperis is denied for the reason that the Court,
upon consideration of the record herein submitted finds no ground
upon which a writ of certiorari should be issued. The petition for
certiorari is therefore also denied.
141905-33-43

MONDAY, JANUARY 16, 1933
117
No. -, original. Ex Parte: Adolph R. Moder et al., petitioners.
The motion for leave to file a petition for writ of habeas corpus
is denied.
No. Ex Parte: Adolph R. Moder et al. The motion for bail
or other relief is denied.
No. 609. Adolph R. Moder et al., petitioners, v. The United
States of America. On petition for writ of certiorari to the Court
of Appeals of the District of Columbia. The motion for leave to
proceed further herein in forma pauperis is denied for the reason
that the Court, upon examination of the record herein submitted,
finds no ground upon which a writ of certiorari should issue. The
petition for writ of certiorari is therefore also denied. Upon con-
sideration of the suggestion of a diminution of the record in this
cause and of the motion for writ of certiorari to correct the same, the
motion is denied.
No., original. Clarence Carvill, complainant, v. The Common-
wealth of Massachusetts. Motion for leave to file bill of complaint
denied.
No. 18, original. The State of Ohio, petitioner, v. The Chatta-
nooga Boiler and Tank Company. Rules are ordered to issue re-
quiring the parties to show cause, on or before Monday, February
6th next, why this cause should not be dismissed for want of
prosecution.
No. 5, original. The State of Wisconsin et al., complainants. v.
The State of Illinois and Sanitary District of Chicago, et al.;
No. 8, original. The State of Michigan, et al., complainants,
v. The State of Illinois and Sanitary District of Chicago, et al.; and
No. 9, original. The State of New York, et al., complainants, v.
The State of Illinois and Sanitary District of Chicago, et. al. The
motion to amend the decree herein is denied.
No. 582. The People of the State of New York, ex rel. New York
and Albany Lighterage Company, appellants, v. Thomas M. Lynch
et al., etc. Further consideration of the question of the jurisdiction
of this Court in this case is postponed to the hearing of the case.
on the merits.
No. 589. Harry J. Mortensen, as Commissioner of Insurance of
the State of Wisconsin, appellant, v. Security Insurance Company.
In this case probable jurisdiction is noted. Further consideration
of the motion to affirm is postponed to the hearing of the case on
the merits.
No. 541. David Burnet, Commissioner of Internal Revenue, peti-
tioner, v. A. T. Jergins Trust. Petition for writ of certiorari to the

MONDAY, JANUARY 16, 1933
118
United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit
granted.
No. 482. Cortland Specialty Company, Mrs. H. R. Sargent, H. R.
Sargent, petitioners, v. Commissioner of Internal Revenue. Petition
for writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals
for the Second Circuit denied.
No. 550. Wilman E. Adams, petitioner, v. E. C. Hagerott, Admin-
istrator of the estate of A. D. Gaines, deceased. Petition for writ
of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the
Eighth Circuit denied.
No. 551. Trinity Methodist Church South, petitioner, v. Federal
Radio Commission. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of
Appeals for the District of Columbia denied.
The Chief Justice announced the following order:
ORDER
The Court will take a recess from Monday, January 23, to Mon-
day, February 6 next.
No. 316. The United States of America, petitioner, v. Dubilier
Condenser Corporation;
No. 317. The United States of America, petitioner, v. Dubilier
Condenser Corporation; and
No. 318. The United States of America, petitioner, v. Dubilier
Condenser Corporation. Argument continued by Mr. John H.
Hughes, Jr., for the respondent and concluded by Mr. Solicitor Gen-
eral Thacher for the petitioner.
No. 319. The United States, petitioner, v. Acme Operating Cor-
poration et al. Argued by Mr. Assistant Attorney General Rugg
for the petitioner and by Mr. Addison C. Burnham for the
respondents.
No. 322. The Massachusetts Mutual Life Insurance Company, pe-
titioner, v. The United States. Argument commenced by Mr. Guy
Patten for the petitioner.
Adjourned until to-morrow at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Tuesday, January 17, will be as follows: Nos. 322,
330 (and 331), 346, 356, 357, 359, 364, 374, 377, and 379.
☑

TUESDAY, JANUARY 17, 1933
119
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: The Chief Justice, Mr. Justice Van Devanter, Mr. Jus-
tice McReynolds, Mr. Justice Brandeis, Mr. Justice Butler, Mr. Jus-
tice Stone, Mr. Justice Roberts, and Mr. Justice Cardozo.
Edwin F. Samuels, of Baltimore, Md., and Walter J. Carrico, of
Tulsa, Okla., were admitted to practice.
No. 322. The Massachusetts Mutual Life Insurance Company,
petitioner, v. The United States. Argument continued by Mr. Guy
Patten for the petitioner, and concluded by Mr. Whitney North
Seymour for the respondent.
No. 330. Peter L. McDonnell, petitioner, v. The United States;
and
No. 331. Dominic A. Truda, petitioner, v. The United States.
Argued by Mr. Robert Ash for the petitioners, and by Mr. Assistant
Attorney General Rugg for the respondent.
No. 346. Union Bank & Trust Company, petitioner, v. R. C.
Phelps, Individually and as Tax Collector of Montgomery County,
Alabama. Argument commenced by Mr. William B. White for the
petitioner; continued by Mr. Thomas E. Knight, jr., and Mr. Frontis
H. Moore for the respondent; and concluded by Mr. John S. Cole-
man for the petitioner.
No. 356. Indian Territory Illuminating Oil Company, petitioner,
v. Board of Equalization of Tulsa County, Oklahoma; and
No. 357. Indian Territory Illuminating Oil Company, petitioner,
v. Board of County Commissioners of Payne County, Oklahoma.
Argument commenced by Mr. John H. Miley for the petitioner, and
continued by Mr. Hugh Webster for the respondent in No. 356.
Adjourned until to-morrow at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Wednesday, January 18, will be as follows: Nos.
356 (and 357), 359, 364, 374, 377, 379, 388, 390, 391, and 393.
141905 33- -44
Х

WEDNESDAY, JANUARY 18, 1933
120
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: The Chief Justice, Mr. Justice Van Devanter, Mr. Justice
McReynolds, Mr. Justice Brandeis, Mr. Justice Sutherland, Mr.
Justice Butler, Mr. Justice Stone, Mr. Justice Roberts, and Mr.
Justice Cardozo.
Elizabeth M. Sheridan, of Philadelphia, Pa.; Solomon B. Press-
burg, of Alexandria, La.; Stanley J. Padden, of Seattle, Wash.;
and Sidney J. Graham, of Portland, Oreg., were admitted to practice.
No. 551. Trinity Methodist Church, South, petitioner, v. Federal
Radio Commission. Order denying petition for writ of certiorari
withheld on motion of Mr. Louis G. Caldwell for the petitioner.
No. 356. Indian Territory Illuminating Oil Company, petitioner,
v. Board of Equalization of Tulsa County, Oklahoma; and
No. 357. Indian Territory Illuminating Oil Company, petitioner,
v. Board of County Commissioners of Payne County, Oklahoma.
Argument continued by Mr. Hugh Webster for the respondent in
No. 356, by Mr. Ernest F. Jenkins for the respondent in No. 357,
and concluded by Mr. John H. Miley for the petitioner.
No. 359. Mary Rocco, as Executrix of the Last Will and Testa-
ment of Joseph Rocco, deceased, petitioner, v. Lehigh Valley Rail-
road Company. Argued by Mr. Abraham W. Feinberg for the
petitioner, and by Mr. Harold E. Simpson for the respondent.
No. 364. St. Louis Southwestern Railway Company, petitioner, v.
Missouri Pacific Railroad Company. Argued by Mr. Harold R.
Small for the petitioner, and by Mr. Robert E. Wiley for the
respondent.
No. 374. The People of the State of New York, petitioner, v.
Mark W. Maclay and Charles E. McWilliams, Receivers of McWil-
liams Bros., Inc., and United States of America. Argument com-
menced by Mr. Charles A. Schneider for the petitioner.
Adjourned until to-morrow at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Thursday, January 19, will be as follows: Nos.
374, 377, 379, 388, 390, 391, 393, 395, 434, and 448.
141905-33-
45
☑

THURSDAY, JANUARY 19, 1933
121
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: The Chief Justice, Mr. Justice Van Devanter, Mr. Jus-
tice McReynolds, Mr. Justice Brandeis, Mr. Justice Sutherland, Mr.
Justice Butler, Mr. Justice Stone, Mr. Justice Roberts, and Mr.
Justice Cardozo.
Leo T. Wolford, of Louisville, Ky., was admitted to practice.
No. 374. The people of the State of New York, petitioner, v. Mark
M. Maclay and Charles E. McWilliams, Receivers of McWilliams
Bros., Inc., and United States of America. Argument continued by
Mr. Charles A. Schneider for the petitioner and concluded by Mr.
Solicitor General Thacher for the respondent, The United States.
No. 377. Anglo-Chilean Nitrate Sales Corporation, appellant, v.
The State of Alabama. Argued by Mr. R. Worth Vaughan for the
appellant, and by Mr. Thomas E. Knight, jr., and Mr. Frontis H.
Moore for the appellee.
No. 379. The Pennsylvania Railroad Company, petitioner, v.
Margaret V. Chamberlain, as Administratrix, etc. Argued by Mr.
Morton L. Fearey for the petitioner, and by Mr. Sol Gelb for the
respondent.
No. 388. Letcher Spicer, by Sam Spicer, Guardian and Committee,
petitioner, v. J. Bryan Smith, Special Deputy Banking Commis-
sioner, etc. Argument commenced by Mr. William Marshall Bullitt
for the petitioner.
Adjourned until to-morrow at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Friday, January 20, will be as follows: Nos.
388, 390 (and 391), 393, 395, 434, and 448.
141905-33-46

FRIDAY, JANUARY 20, 1933
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: The Chief Justice, Mr. Justice Van Devanter, Mr. Justice
McReynolds, Mr. Justice Brandeis, Mr. Justice Sutherland, Mr. Jus-
tice Butler, Mr. Justice Stone, Mr. Justice Roberts, and Mr. Justice
Cardozo.
Harry Robert Bockoff, of Detroit, Mich.; William G. Davis, of
New York City; Cyris Granville Wyche, of Greenville, S. C.;
William W. Prager, of New York City; Bertha Vaessen Perry, of
Denver, Colo.; George B. Silton, of Boston, Mass.; David H. Green-
berg, of Boston, Mass.; Lloyd Willard Bryan, of Pittsburgh, Pa.;
and Benjamin I. Salinger, jr., of Chicago, Ill., were admitted to
practice.
No. 388. Letcher Spicer, by Sam Spicer, Guardian and Committee,
petitioner, v. J. Bryan Smith, Special Deputy Banking Commis-
sioner, etc. Argument continued by Mr. Jesse I. Miller for the
respondent, and concluded by Mr. Leo T. Wolford for the petitioner.
Leave granted the respondent to file a supplemental brief within
three days.
No. 390. Broad River Power Company, appellant, v. Walter G.
Query et al., etc.; and
No. 391. Lexington Water Power Company, appellant, v. Walter
G. Query et al., etc. Argued by Mr. George M. LePine for the ap-
pellants, and by Mr. J. Fraser Lyon for the appellee.
No. 393. Federal Trade Commission, petitioner, v. Royal Milling
Company et al. Argued by Mr. John Lord O'Brian for the peti-
tioner, and by Mr. Thomas H. Malone for the respondents.
No. 395. C. A. Bradley, Doing Business as Wolverine Motor
Freight Lines, appellant, v. The Public Utilities Commission of
Ohio. Argument commenced by Mr. LaRue Brown for the
appellant.
Adjourned until Monday next at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Monday, January 23, will be as follows: No. 395.
141905-33- 47
Х
122

MONDAY, JANUARY 23, 1933
123
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: The Chief Justice, Mr. Justice Van Devanter, Mr. Jus-
tice Brandeis, Mr. Justice Sutherland, Mr. Justice Butler, Mr. Jus-
tice Stone, Mr. Justice Roberts, and Mr. Justice Cardozo.
Joseph J. Malloy, of Washington, D. C.; C. Severin Buschmann,
of Indianapolis, Ind.; Theodore D. Parsons, of Red Bank, N. J.;
James L. Briscoe, of Tucumcari, N. Mex.; Ethelbert B. Frey, of
Washington, D. C.; and J. K. Moore, of Oklahoma City, Okla.,
were admitted to practice.
No. 227. Richard Reid Rogers, petitioner, v. Guaranty Trust Com-
pany of New York, Junius Parker, George W. Hill, et al. On writ
of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the
Second Circuit. Decree of the Circuit Court of Appeals reversed,
costs to be taxed against petitioner, and the cause remanded to the
District Court of the United States for the Southern District of New
York with directions to reinstate its decree dismissing the bills of
complaint without prejudice. Opinion by Mr. Justice Butler. Mr..
Justice Roberts took no part in the consideration or decision of this
case. Dissenting opinion by Mr. Justice Stone in which Mr. Justice
Brandeis, and Mr. Justice Cardozo concur. Dissenting opinion by
Mr. Justice Cardozo.
No. 82. Frank Cook, petitioner, v. The United States of America.
On writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals
for the First Circuit. Decree reversed and cause remanded to the
District Court of the United States for the District of Rhode Island
for further proceedings in conformity with the opinion of this
Court. Opinion by Mr. Justice Brandeis. Mr. Justice Sutherland
and Mr. Justice Butler dissent. Mr. Justice Van Devanter took no
part in the consideration or decision of this case.
The Chief Justice announced the following order of the Court.
No. 588. Dr. Bloom Dentist Inc., appellant, v. Michael J. Cruise,
as City Clerk of the City of New York. Appeal from the Supreme
Court of the State of New York. Per curiam: The appeal herein
is dismissed for the want of a substantial federal question. Dent
v. West Virginia, 129 U. S. 114; Douglas v. Noble, 261 U. S. 165;
141905-33 48

MONDAY, JANUARY 23, 1933
124
Missouri ex rel. Hurwitz v. North, 271 U. S. 40, 43; Graves v. Min-
nesota, 272 U. S. 425, 428; Lambert v. Yellowley, 272 U. S. 581, 596;
People v. Painless Parker Dentist, 85 Colo. 304, 280 U. S. 566;
Miller v. State Board of Dental Examiners, Colo.; 8 Pac. (2)
699; 287 U. S.-.
-
The Chief Justice said:
"The other orders of the Court appear upon the list certified to by
the Chief Justice and filed with the Clerk and will not be announced
orally."
No. 20, original. The State of Wisconsin, complainant, v. The State
of Michigan. The Clerk is directed to file the answer tendered by
the defendant State, and the plaintiff State is given ten days within
which to file a replication.
It is further ordered that Frederick F. Faville, of Des Moines,
Iowa, be, and he is hereby, appointed master in this cause, with au-
thority, upon the filing of the replication or a waiver thereof, to
summon witnesses, issue subpoenas, and to take such evidence as
may be introduced and such as he may deem it necessary to call for.
The master is directed to make findings of fact and conclusions of
law, and to submit the same to this Court with all convenient speed,
together with his recommendations for a decree. The findings, con-
clusions and recommendations of the master shall be subject to con-
sideration, revision or approval by the Court. The master shall be
allowed his actual expenses and a reasonable compensation for his
services to be fixed hereafter by the Court. The allowances to him,
the compensation paid to his stenographic and clerical assistants,
and the cost of printing his report shall be charged against and be
borne by the parties in such proportions as the Court hereafter may
direct. If the appointment herein made of a master is not accepted,
or if the place becomes vacant during the recess of the Court, the
Chief Justice shall have authority to make a new designation which
shall have the same effect as if originally made by the Court herein.
No. 3, original. The State of Nevada, complainant, v. The Crown
Willamette Paper Company. Rules are ordered to issue returnable
on Monday, February 13th next requiring the parties to show cause
why this cause should not be dismissed.
No. 17, original. The State of Washington, complainant, v. The
State of Oregon. Rules are ordered to issue returnable on Monday,
February 13th next requiring the parties to show cause why this
cause should not be dismissed for want of prosecution.
-.
No. In Re Disbarment of William E. Baff. A Committee of
the Bar of this Court, appointed in this matter by order of this

MONDAY, JANUARY 23, 1933
125
Court entered February 15, 1932, having reported that William E.
Baff, of Los Angeles, California, was disbarred from the practice of
the law in the United States Patent Office by an order duly entered
March 18, 1921, with the approval of the Secretary of the Interior,
made after notice and hearing, and based upon findings of gross
misconduct, and that the application of the said Baff for reregistra-
tion has been refused by the Commissioner of Patents and that such
refusal had been sustained by the Chief Justice of the Supreme
Court of the District of Columbia; and the said committee having
recommended that the said William E. Baff be disbarred from the
practice of the law in this Court unless he should show good and
sufficient cause to the contrary; and this Court having issued a rule
directing the said Baff to show cause why, upon the record of his
disbarment in the United States Patent Office and of the denial
of his application for reregistration his name should not be stricken
from the roll of attorneys admitted to practice before the Bar of
this Court; and the Court, upon consideration of the return of the
said Baff to the said rule, presented to this Court on December 5,
1932, being of the opinion that the said William E. Baff has failed
to show good and sufficient cause as in that rule required; therefore,
upon consideration of all the records and proceedings in this matter,
It is now here ordered that the said William E. Baff, be, and he is
hereby, disbarred from the practice of the law in this Court, and
that his name be stricken from the roll of attorneys admitted to
practice in this Court.
No. 547. Walter H. Gant, et al., appellants, v. The City of Okla-
homa City et al. Further consideration of the question of the juris-
diction of this Court in this case is postponed to the hearing of the
case on the merits.
No. 587. Consolidated Textile Corporation, appellant, v. John J.
Gregory, Judge of the Circuit Court of Milwaukee County. In this
case probable jurisdiction is noted. Further consideration of the
motion to affirm is postponed to the hearing of the case on the merits.
No. 515. Bemis Bro. Bag Company, petitioner, v. The United
States of America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United
States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Eighth Circuit granted.
No. 559. City of Harrisonville, Missouri, petitioner, v. W. S.
Dickey Clay Manufacturing Company. Petition for writ of certi-
orari to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Eighth
Circuit granted.
No. 564. F. E. Buffum, as Trustee in Bankruptcy of Henry Joseph
Barceloux, Bankrupt, petitioner, v. Peter Barceloux Company. Pe-
tition for writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of
Appeals for the Ninth Circuit granted.

MONDAY, JANUARY 23, 1933
126
No. 565. Philip Hurn and Percy Morgan, jr., petitioners, v. Ful-
ton Oursler et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United
States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit granted and
the case assigned for argument immediately following No. 423.
No. 568. Canadian Club Corporation, petitioner, v. Canada Dry
Ginger Ale, Inc.; and
No. 569. Canadian Club Corporation, petitioner, v. Canada Dry
Ginger Ale, Inc. Petition for writs of certiorari to the United
States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Third Circuit denied. Mr.
Justice Roberts took no part in the consideration or decision of this
application.
No. 548. Frank Palermo, petitioner, v. The United States of Amer-
ica. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit
Court of Appeals for the Eighth Circuit denied.
No. 558. Keystone Warehousing Company, petitioner, v. The Pub-
lic Service Commission of the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania, et al.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Superior Court of the State of
Pennsylvania denied.
No. 560. Mary Greer Conklin, petitioner, v. Harvey R. Ling and
The Review Ptg. Co. Petition for writ of certiorari to the District
Court of Appeals, 2nd Appellate District, State of California,
denied.
No. 561. International Silver Company, petitioner, v. United
Chromium, Inc. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Circuit Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit denied.
No. 566. Robert S. O. Lawson, petitioner, v. Whitlock Cordage
Company. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit
Court of Appeals for the Third Circuit denied.
No. 570. Lillian Clawans, Trading under the name of Adding and
Calculating Company, petitioner, v. Betty Way Carnduff. Petition
for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals of the District of
Columbia denied.
No. 573. The New York, New Haven and Hartford Railroad Com-
pany, petitioner, v. Anna Murmann, Administratrix of the Goods,
Chattels, and Credits of George J. Murmann, deceased. Petition
for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of the State of New
York denied.
No. 613. Munson Steamship Line, petitioner, v. North of England
Steamship Company, Ltd., as Owner, etc. Petition for writ of cer-
tiorari to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Second
Circuit denied.

MONDAY, JANUARY 23, 1933
127
No. 466. Esther Jackson Porter, as Executrix, and Richard L.
Davisson, as Surviving Executor, etc. Leave granted to file brief
of Reginald Washburn et al., as amici curiae, on motion of Mr.
Bradley Gillman in that behalf. Motion for leave to appear and
present oral argument denied.
No. 2, original. The State of Vermont, complainant, v. The State
State of New Hampshire. Report of the Special Master submitted
by Mr. Edmund F. Trabue.
No. 176, The Nashville, Chattanooga & St. Louis Railway, ap-
pellant, v. Roy C. Wallace, Comptroller of the Treasury of the
State of Tennessee, et al., etc. Dancey Fort, present Commissioner
of Finance and Taxation of the State of Tennessee, substituted as a
party appellee in place of George R. Dempster, on motion of Mr.
Fitzgerald Hall in that behalf.
No. 18, original. The State of Ohio, petitioner, v. The Chatta-
nooga Boiler and Tank Company. Stipulation of counsel waiving
the filing of a replication and requesting that the cause be set for
oral argument presented. Ordered that the rules to show cause
heretofore issued be discharged and the cause assigned for argument
on Monday, April 10 next.
No. 395. C. A. Bradley, Doing Business as Wolverine Motor
Freight Lines, appellant, v. The Public Utilities Commission of Ohio.
Argument continued by Mr. La Rue Brown for the appellant, and
concluded by Mr. Thomas J. Herbert for the appellee.
Adjourned until Monday, February 6, next at 2 o'clock.
The day call for Monday, February 6, will be as follows: Nos. 531,
407, 412, 423, 565, 434, 448, 460 (and 461), 466, and 469.

MONDAY, FEBRUARY 6, 1933
128
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: The Chief Justice, Mr. Justice McReynolds, Mr. Justice
Brandeis, Mr. Justice Butler, Mr. Justice Stone, Mr. Justice Roberts,
and Mr. Justice Cardozo.
William H. Neal, of Los Angeles, Calif.; Nat R. Davidson, of
Louisville, Ky.; George M. Stevens, of Camden, N. J.; T. H. Burke,
of Billings, Mont.; Edward L. Platt, of Camden, N. J.; Clyde O.
Eastus, of Fort Worth, Tex.; and Patrick Mann Estes, of Nashville,
Tenn., were admitted to practice.
No. 283. David Burnet, Commissioner of Internal Revenue, peti-
tioner, v. Murry Guggenheim. On writ of certiorari to the United
States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit. Judgment
reversed, and cause remanded to the said Circuit Court of Appeals
for further proceedings in conformity with the opinion of this Court.
Opinion by Mr. Justice Cardozo. Dissenting: Mr. Justice Suther-
land and Mr. Justice Butler. The Chief Justice took no part in the
consideration or decision of this case.
No. 374. The People of the State of New York, petitioners, v.
Mark M. Maclay and Charles E. McWilliams, Receivers of Mc-
Williams Bros., Inc., and United States of America. On writ of
certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the
Second Circuit. Decree affirmed, and cause remanded to the District
Court of the United States for the Southern District of New York.
Opinion by Mr. Justice Cardozo.
No. 272. Norwegian Nitrogen Products Company, petitioner, v.
The United States. On writ of certiorari to the United States Court
of Customs and Patent Appeals. Judgment affirmed and cause
remanded to the said Court of Customs and Patent Appeals.
Opinion by Mr. Justice Cardozo. Mr. Justice McReynolds is of the
opinion that the judgment should be reversed.
No. 322. The Massachusetts Mutual Life Insurance Company, peti-
tioner, v. The United States. On writ of certiorari to the Court of
Claims. Judgment affirmed. Opinion by Mr. Justice Roberts.
No. 359. Mary Rocco, as Executrix of the last will and testament
of Joseph Rocco, deceased, petitioner, v. Lehigh Valley Railroad
141905-33-
49

MONDAY, FEBRUARY 6, 1933
129
Company. On writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of the State
of New York. Judgment reversed with costs, and cause remanded
to the said Supreme Court for further proceedings not incon-
sistent with the opinion of this Court. Opinion by Mr. Justice
Roberts. Mr. Justice McReynolds and Mr. Justice Butler are of
opinion that the judgment should be affirmed.
No. 319. The United States, petitioner, v. Acme Operating Cor-
poration; Liberty Trust Company, Intervenor. On writ of certi-
orari to the Court of Claims. Judgment reversed, and cause re-
manded to the said Court of Claims for further proceedings in con-
formity with the opinion of this Court. Opinion by Mr. Justice
Stone.
No. 176. The Nashville, Chattanooga & St. Louis Railway, appel-
lant, v. Roy C. Wallace, Comptroller of the Treasury of the State of
Tennessee, et al., etc. Appeal from the Supreme Court of the State
of Tennessee. Decree affirmed with costs. Opinion by Mr. Justice
Stone.
No. 377. Anglo-Chilean Nitrate Sales Corporation, appellant, v.
The State of Alabama. Appeal from the Supreme Court of the
State of Alabama. Decree reversed with costs, and cause remanded
to the said Supreme Court for further proceedings not inconsistent
with the opinion of this Court. Opinion by Mr. Justice Butler.
Dissenting opinion by Mr. Justice Cardozo, in which Mr. Justice
Brandeis and Mr. Justice Stone join.
No. 286. The New York Central Railroad Company, as Owner of
the Carfloat "No. 37," petitioner, v. Tug "Talisman," The Long
Island Railroad Company. On writ of certiorari to the United
States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit. Decree re-
versed with costs, and cause remanded to the District Court of the
United States for the Southern District of New York for further
proceedings in conformity with the opinion of this Court. Opinion
by Mr. Justice Butler.
No. 63. A. P. Dickson, Joe Dickson, I. N. Calvert, et al., petitioners,
v. Uhlmann Grain Company. On writ of certiorari to the United
States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Eighth Circuit. Judgment
reversed with costs, and cause remanded to the District Court of the
United States for the Western District of Missouri, for further pro-
ceedings in conformity with the opinion of this Court. Opinion by
Mr. Justice Brandeis. Dissenting opinion by Mr. Justice Butler, in
which Mr. Justice Stone and Mr. Justice Cardozo join.
No. 346. Union Bank & Trust Company, petitioner, v. R. C.
Phelps, Individually and as Tax Collector of Montgomery County,
Alabama. On writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of the State

1
MONDAY, FEBRUARY 6, 1933
130
of Alabama. Judgment affirmed with costs. Opinion by Mr. Jus-
tice McReynolds.
No. 163. Atlantic City Electric Company, petitioner, v. Commis-
sioner of Internal Revenue. On writ of certiorari to the United
States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit. Judgment
affirmed and cause remanded to the said Circuit Court of Appeals.
Opinion by Mr. Chief Justice Hughes.
No. 58. David Burnet, Commissioner of Internal Revenue, peti-
tioner, v. R. E. Huff, Individually, and R. E. Huff and Wm. E.
Huff, Independent Executors of the estate of Mrs. E. B. Huff,
deceased. On writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court
of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit. Judgment reversed, and cause re-
manded to the said Circuit Court of Appeals, for further proceed-
ings in conformity with the opinion of this Court. Opinion by Mr.
Chief Justice Hughes.
No. 315. Karl F. Voehl, petitioner, v. Indemnity Insurance Com-
pany of North America. On writ of certiorari to the Court of Ap-
peals of the District of Columbia. Decree of the Court of Appeals
reversed with costs, and the decree of the Supreme Court of District
of Columbia affirmed, and the cause remanded to the said Court of
Appeals for further proceedings in conformity with the opinion of
this Court. Opinion by Mr. Chief Justice Hughes.
No. 228. George A. Ohl & Company, petitioner, v. The A. L. Smith
Iron Works; and
No. 229. George A. Ohl & Company, petitioner, v. The A. L. Smith
Iron Works. On writs of certiorari to the United States Circuit
Court of Appeals for the First Circuit. Judgments reversed with
costs, and the cause remanded to the said Circuit Court of Appeals
for hearing upon the merits. Opinion by Mr. Chief Justice Hughes.
No. 390. Broad River Power Company, appellant, v. Walter G.
Query, J. P. Derham, and Frank C. Robinson, as members of and
constituting the South Carolina Tax Commission; and
No. 391. Lexington Water Power Company, appellant, v. Walter
G. Query, J. P. Derham, and Frank C. Robinson, as members of and
constituting the South Carolina Tax Commission. Appeals from
the District Court of the United States for the Eastern District of
South Carolina. Decrees affirmed with costs. Opinion by Mr. Chief
Justice Hughes.
No. 138. Joseph F. Miller, petitioner, v. A. C. Aderhold, Warden,
United States Penitentiary, Atlanta, Georgia. On writ of certiorari
to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit.
Judgment affirmed, and cause remanded to the District Court of

MONDAY, FEBRUARY 6, 1933
131
the United States for the Northern District of Georgia. Opinion
by Mr. Justice Sutherland announced by Mr. Chief Justice Hughes.
No. 393. Federal Trade Commission, petitioner, v. Royal Milling
Company, et al. On writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit
Court of Appeals for the Sixth Circuit. Decree reversed, and cause
remanded to the said Circuit Court of Appeals to be disposed of in
conformity with the opinion of this Court. Opinion by Mr. Justice
Sutherland announced by Mr. Chief Justice Hughes. Mr. Justice
McReynolds and Mr. Justice Roberts are of opinion that the decree
below should be affirmed.
The Chief Justice announced the following orders of the Court:
No. 572. Eli Terrell, Thomas Franklin, and Mose Conner, appel-
lants, v. The State of Louisiana. Appeal from the Supreme Court
of the State of Louisiana. Per curiam: The appeal herein is dis-
missed for the want of jurisdiction. Sec. 237(a) Judicial Code as
amended by the Act of February 13, 1925 (43 Stat. 936, 937).
Treating the papers whereon the appeal was allowed as a petition
for writ of certiorari as required by Sec. 237 (c) Judicial Code as
amended (43 Stat. 936, 938), certiorari is denied for the want of a
properly presented federal question. Rooker v. Fidelity Trust Co.,
261 U. S. 114, 117; Wall v. Chesapeake & Ohio Ry. Co., 256 U. S.
125, 126; Godchaux Co. v. Estopinal, 251 U. S. 179, 181. The
motion for leave to proceed further herein in forma pauperis is
denied.
No. 628. Paul L. Fourchy, appellant, v. Charles F. Fletchinger,
Chairman and Attorney, Disbarment Committee, Supreme Court
of Louisiana. Appeal from the Supreme Court of the State of
Louisiana. Per curiam: The appeal herein is dismissed for the
want of jurisdiction. Sec. 237 (a) Judicial Code as amended by the
Act of February 13, 1925 (43 Stat. 936, 937). Treating the papers
whereon the appeal was allowed as a petition for writ of certiorari
as required by Sec. 237 (c) Judicial Code as amended (43 Stat. 936,
938) certiorari is denied.
No. 2, original. The State of Vermont, complainant, v. The State
of New Hampshire. The report of the Special Master is received
and ordered to be filed. Exceptions by the parties, if any, shall be
filed on or before Monday, February 27, next and the case is as-
signed for hearing on such exceptions, if any, on Monday, April
10, next, after the case heretofore assigned for that day. Briefs
for the parties shall be filed on or before Monday, March 20. Reply
briefs, if any, are to be filed on or before Monday, April 3.

MONDAY, FEBRUARY 6, 1933
The Chief Justice said:
132
"The other orders of the Court appear upon the list certified
to by the Chief Justice and filed with the Clerk and will not be an-
nounced orally."
No. , original. Ex Parte: Wilfred R. Hess, petitioner. The
motion for leave to file petition for a writ of habeas corpus is denied.
No. 627. Public Service Commission of Montana, et al., appellants,
v. Great Northern Utilities Company. In this case probable juris-
diction is noted. The motion to substitute Tom Stout and Thomas
E. Carey, as members of the Public Service Commission of Montana,
and Raymond T. Nagle, as Attorney General of the State of Mon-
tana, in place of Dan Boyle and Lee Dennis and L. A. Foot, retired,
respectively, is granted.
No. 594. Peter Rossi and Edward Ehrett, petitioners, v. The
United States of America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Seventh Circuit
granted limited to the question of the sufficiency of the evidence to
support conviction upon the third and fourth counts. The case is
advanced and assigned for argument on Monday, March 13 next.
No. 571. William H. Edelman, State Treasurer, et al., petitioners,
v. Boeing Air Transport, Inc. Petition for writ of certiorari to
the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Tenth Circuit
granted.
No. 595. Mrs. Fannie E. Lang, petitioner, v. Commissioner of
Internal Revenue. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United
States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Fourth Circuit granted.
No. 591. American Mutual Liability Insurance Company, peti-
tioner, v. Joseph B. McDonough, Treasurer and Ex officio County
Collector of Cook County, Illinois. Petition for writ of certiorari
to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Seventh Cir-
cuit denied. The motion to consolidate with case No. 590 is also
denied.
No. 539. Edward Baker, alias Ed Baker, petitioner, v. The United
States of America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United
States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit denied.
No. 584. Edward T. Blair, petitioner, v. Commissioner of Inter-
nal Revenue. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Circuit Court of Appeals for the Seventh Circuit denied.
No. 596. Fireman's Fund Insurance Company, petitioner, v. Ches-
ter L. Zechiel, as Receiver of Edward Traugott and Harry Sussman,
etc. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit
Court of Appeals for the Seventh Circuit denied.

MONDAY, FEBRUARY 6, 1933
133
No. 581. Abner Siegal, petitioner, v. The United States of Amer-
ica. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals of the
District of Columbia denied.
No. 590. Lillian Cesar, petitioner, v. The People of the State of
Illinois, ex rel. Joseph B. McDonough, etc. Petition for writ of
certiorari to the Supreme Court of the State of Illinois denied.
No. 593. Joseph Gold, petitioner, v. The United States of America.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court
of Appeals for the Seventh Circuit denied.
No. 618. Rio Bravo Oil Company et al., petitioners, v. J. F. Weed
et al.; and
No. 619. Rio Bravo Oil Company et al., petitioners, v. J. F. Weed
et al. Petitions for writs of certiorari to the Supreme Court of the
State of Texas denied.
No. 335. Ray Lyman Wilbur, Secretary of the Interior, petitioner,
v. The United States of America, ex rel. Chestatee Pyrites & Chem-
ical Corporation. Motion to modify decree submitted by Mr. Solici-
tor General Thacher for the petitioner.
No. 7, original. The Commonwealth of Pennsylvania, complain-
ant, v. The State of New Jersey et al. Dismissed with costs, on
motion of counsel for the complainant.
No. 531. Genevieve A. Clark, petitioner, v. The United States of
America. Argument commenced by Mr. Sigurd Ueland for the
petitioner.
Adjourned until tomorrow at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Tuesday, February 7, will be as follows: Nos.
531, 407, 412, 434, 448, 460 (and 461), 466, 496, 469, and 475.
×

TUESDAY, FEBRUARY 7, 1933
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: The Chief Justice, Mr. Justice McReynolds, Mr. Justice
Brandeis, Mr. Justice Butler, Mr. Justice Stone, Mr. Justice Roberts,
and Mr. Justice Cardozo.
Herbert S. Fessenden, of Washington, D. C.; Samuel E. Blackham,
of Ogden, Utah; William H. McGrath, of Washington, D. C.;
Maurice Kay, of Washington, D. C.; A. I. Diepenbrock, of Sacra-
mento, Calif.; Charles K. Hoover, of Washington, D. C.; Carl F.
Schipper, jr., of Boston, Mass.; Ira H. Rowell, of San Francisco,
Calif.; Nelson H. Carver, of Nashville, Tenn.; Walter A. Koons, of
Austin, Tex.; Thornton Lorimer, of Concord, N. H.; Alfred Page,
of Springfield, Mo.; Nugent Dodds, of Washington, D. C.; Forest
A. Harness, of Kokomo, Ind.; and Theodore Harris, of San Antonio,
Tex., were admitted to practice.
No. 531. Genevieve A. Clark, petitioner, v. The United States of
America. Argument continued by Mr. Sigurd Ueland for the peti-
tioner, by Mr. Whitney North Seymour for the respondent, and
concluded by Mr. Sigurd Ueland for the petitioner.
No. 407. George B. Munroe, receiver, petitioner, v. Louis Raphael.
Argued by Mr. Carl F. Schipper, jr., for the petitioner, and by
Mr. Mark M. Horblit for the respondent.
No. 412. Los Angeles Gas and Electric Corporation, appellant, v.
Railroad Commission of the State of California et al., etc. Argu-
ment commenced by Mr. Herman Phleger for the appellant.
Adjourned until to-morrow at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Wednesday, February 8, will be as follows: Nos.
412, 434, 448, 460 (and 461), 466, 496, 469, 475, 470, and 476
(477 and 478).
141905-33-50
Х
134

WEDNESDAY, FEBRUARY 8, 1933
135
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: The Chief Justice, Mr. Justice McReynolds, Mr. Justice
Brandeis, Mr. Justice Butler, Mr. Justice Stone, Mr. Justice Roberts,
and Mr. Justice Cardozo.
Harry C. Alberts, of Chicago, Ill.; Harry J. March, of Los Angeles,
Calif.; Guernsey Price, of New York City; Francis B. Hamlin, of
New York City; Young M. Smith, of Asheville, N. C.; W. C.
Wright, of Newman, Ga.; and Patrick H. O'Brien, of Detroit, Mich.,
were admitted to practice.
No. 412. Los Angeles Gas and Electric Corporation, appellant, v.
Railroad Commission of the State of California, et al., etc. Argu-
ment continued by Mr. Herman Phleger, for the appellant; by Mr.
Arthur T. George for the appellees, Railroad Commission of Cali-
fornia et al.; by Mr. Frederick von Schrader, for the appellee, The
City of Los Angeles; and concluded by Mr. Herman Phleger, for
the appellant.
No. 434. The United States, petitioner, v. Dakota-Montana Oil
Company. Argued by Mr. Assistant Attorney General Youngquist
for the petitioner, and by Mr. Herman J. Galloway, for the
respondent.
No. 448. Petroleum Exploration, petitioner, v. David Burnet,
Commissioner of Internal Revenue. Argued by Mr. Robert Ash for
the petitioner, and by Mr. Assistant Attorney General Youngquist,
for the respondent.
No. 460. Charles W. Anderson, Collector of Internal Revenue,
etc., petitioner, v. Marian Steedman Wilson, et al., etc.; and
No. 461. Marian Steedman Wilson, et al., etc., petitioners, v.
Charles W. Anderson, Collector of Internal Revenue, etc. Argu-
ment commenced by Mr. Charles B. Rugg, for the petitioner in No.
460 and the respondent in No. 461; and continued by Mr. George
E. Cleary, for the respondents in No. 460 and the petitioners in No.
461.
Adjourned until to-morrow at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Thursday, February 9, will be as follows: Nos.
460 (and 461), 466, 496, 469, 470, 475, 476 (477 and 478), 492,
513 (and 514), and 515.
141905-33-
-51
☑

THURSDAY, FEBRUARY 9, 1933
136
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: The Chief Justice, Mr. Justice McReynolds, Mr. Justice
Brandeis, Mr. Justice Butler, Mr. Justice Stone, Mr. Justice Roberts,
and Mr. Justice Cardozo.
George W. Perper, of New York City; W. M. Everett, of Hickory,
Miss.; Howard W. Stull, of Johnstown, Pa.; Andrew G. Haley, of
Seattle, Wash.; Homer Adolph Stebbins, of Hastings upon Hudson,
N. Y.; and Charles B. W. Aldrich, of Detroit, Mich., were admitted
to practice.
No. 460. Charles W. Anderson, Collector of Internal Revenue,
etc., petitioner, v. Marian Steedman Wilson et al., etc.; and
No. 461. Marian Steedman Wilson et al., etc., petitioners, v Charles
W. Anderson, Collector of Internal Revenue, etc. Argument con-
cluded by Mr. George E. Cleary, for the respondents in No. 460
and the petitioners in No. 461.
No. 466. Esther Jackson Porter, as Executrix, et al., etc., peti-
tioners, v. Commissioner of Internal Revenue. Argued by Mr.
Walter E. Hope for the petitioners, and by Mr. Erwin N. Griswold
for the respondent.
No. 496. David Burnet, Commissioner of Internal Revenue, peti-
tioner, v. Ernest Brooks et al., etc. Argued by Mr. Solicitor General
Thacher for the petitioner, and by Mr. Francis B. Hamlin for the
respondents.
No. 469. Vancouver Steamship Company, Inc., petitioner, v.
Theresa Rice, Administratrix of the Estate of Vincent Catino, de-
ceased. Argued by Mr. Erskine Wood for the petitioner, and case
submitted by Mr. Arthur I. Moulton for the respondent.
No. 470. The United States of America et al., appellants, v. North-
ern Pacific Railway Company et al. Argument commenced by Mr.
Edward N. Reidy for the appellants, the United States and the
Interstate Commerce Commission.
Adjourned until to-morrow at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Friday, February 10, will be as follows: Nos. 470,
475, 476 (477 and 478), 492, 513 (and 514), 515, 517, 523, 518,
and 499.
141905-33-52
☑

FRIDAY, FEBRUARY 10, 1933
137
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: The Chief Justice, Mr. Justice McReynolds, Mr. Justice
Brandeis, Mr. Justice Butler, Mr. Justice Stone, Mr. Justice Rob-
erts, and Mr. Justice Cardozo.
Hector J. Ciotti, of Baltimore, Md.; Lawrence B. Fenneman,
of Baltimore, Md.; Joseph M. Glickstein, of Jacksonville, Fla.;
Charles O. Harris, of San Angelo, Tex.; Martha Robbins Gold, of
Washington, D. C.; T. W. Davidson, of Dallas, Tex.; and Wright
Matthews, of Palestine, Tex., were admitted to practice.
No. 470. The United States of America et al., appellants, v. North-
ern Pacific Railway Company et al. Argument continued by Mr.
M. L. Countryman, jr., for the appellees, and concluded by Mr.
Karl Knox Gartner for the appellants, Northwest Petroleum Asso-
ciation et al.
No. 475. David Burnet, Commissioner of Internal Revenue, peti-
tioner, v. S. & L. Building Corporation. Argued by Mr. Whitney
North Seymour for the petitioner, and by Mr. Leo H. Hoffman for
the respondent.
No. 476. D. B. Heiner, Collector of Internal Revenue, etc., peti-
tioner, v. Diamond Alkali Company;
No. 477. D. B. Heiner, Collector of Internal Revenue, etc., peti-
tioner, v. Diamond Alkali Company; and
No. 478. C. G. Lewellyn, Formerly Collector of Internal Revenue,
etc., petitioner, v. Diamond Alkali Company. Argued by Mr. Assist.
ant Attorney General Youngquist for the petitioners, and by Mr.
John W. Davis for the respondent.
No. 492. The People of Porto Rico, petitioner, v. Russell & Co.
et al. Argument commenced by Mr. William Cattron Rigby for
the petitioner.
Adjourned until Monday next at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Monday, February 13, will be as follows: Nos.
492, 513 (and 514), 515, 523, 526, 518, 499, 541, 516, 537.
141905-33--53
☑

MONDAY, FEBRUARY 13, 1933
138
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: The Chief Justice, Mr. Justice McReynolds, Mr. Jus-
tice Brandeis, Mr. Justice Butler, Mr. Justice Stone, Mr. Justice
Roberts, and Mr. Justice Cardozo.
Daniel Austin Shirk, of New York City; George H. Koster, of
Los Angeles, Calif.; M. Henry Goldstone, of Baltimore, Md.; Fred-*
erick S. Winston, of Washington, D. C.; Wallace Ruff, of Miami,
Fla.; Morris A. Baker, of Baltimore, Md.; and Eugene S. Williams,
of Baltimore, Md., were admitted to practice.
No. 304. The People of the State of New York, petitioners, v.
Irving Trust Company, as Trustee in Bankruptcy of Experimenter
Publishing Co., Inc., Bankrupt. On writ of certiorari to the
United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit.
Decree affirmed with costs, and cause remanded to the District Court
of the United States for the Southern District of New York.
Opinion by Mr. Justice McReynolds.
No. 356. Indian Territory Illuminating Oil Company, petitioner,
v. Board of Equalization of Tulsa County, Oklahoma; and
No. 357. Indian Territory Illuminating Oil Company, petitioner,
v. Board of County Commissioners of Payne County, Oklahoma.
On writs of certiorari to the Supreme Court of the State of Okla-
homa. Judgments affirmed with costs. Opinion by Mr. Chief
Justice Hughes.
No. 379. The Pennsylvania Railroad Company, petitioner, v.
Margaret V. Chamberlain, as Administratrix of the Goods, Chat-
tels, and Credits of Charles Frederick Chamberlain, deceased. On
writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for
the Second Circuit. Judgment of the Circuit Court of Appeals
reversed with costs, and the judgment of the District Court affirmed,
and the cause remanded to the District Court of the United States
for the Southern District of New York for further proceedings
in conformity with the opinion of this Court. Opinion by Mr.
Justice Sutherland announced by Mr. Chief Justice Hughes. Mr.
Justice Stone and Mr. Justice Cardozo concur in the result.
141905-33-54

MONDAY, FEBRUARY 13, 1933
The Chief Justice announced the following order:
ORDER
139
The Court will take a recess from Monday, February 20, until
Saturday, March 4, and from that day until Monday, March 13
next.
The Chief Justice said:
"The orders of the Court appear upon the list certified to by
the Chief Justice and filed with the Clerk and will not be announced.
orally."
No. 549. Edmond L. Viles, petitioner, v. The United States of
America. On petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Circuit Court of Appeals for the Tenth Circuit. The motion for
leave to proceed further herein in forma pauperis is denied, for
the reason that the Court upon examination of the papers herein
presented finds no ground upon which a writ of certiorari should
issue. The petition for writ of certiorari is therefore also denied.
No. 652. W. O. Parrish, petitioner, v. The Chesapeake & Ohio
Railway Company. On petition for writ of certiorari to the United
States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Fourth Circuit. The mo-
tion for leave to proceed further herein in forma pauperis is denied,
for the reason that the Court, upon examination of the papers
herein presented, finds no ground upon which a writ of certiorari
should issue. The petition for writ of certiorari is therefore also
denied.
No. 643. Charles Young, appellant, v. Anthony Masci. Further
consideration of the question of the jurisdiction of this Court in
this case is postponed to the hearing of the case on the merits.
No. 653. The United States of America, appellant, v. John G.
Darby. In this case probable jurisdiction is noted. Further con-
sideration of the motion to affirm is postponed to the hearing of the
case on the merits, and the case is advanced and assigned for argu-
ment on Monday, March 13th next, after the cases heretofore
assigned for that day.
No. 335. Ray Lyman Wilbur, Secretary of the Interior, petitioner,
v. The United States of America, ex rel. Chestatee Pyrites & Chemi-
cal Corporation. The motion to modify the judgment in this case
is granted.
No. 567. The United States of America, appellant, v. Santos
Flores. It is ordered that this case be reassigned for argument on
Monday, March 13 next, after the cases heretofore assigned for that
day.

MONDAY, FEBRUARY 13, 1933
140
No. 683. The United States of America, v. Ada L. Burroughs and
James Cannon, jr. It is ordered that this case be advanced and
assigned for argument on Monday, March 13 next, after the cases
heretofore assigned for that day.
No. 601. Mabel G. Reinecke, Formerly Collector of Internal
Revenue, etc., petitioner, v. Kenneth G. Smith et al., etc. Petition
for writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals
for the Seventh Circuit granted.
No. 623. American Car and Foundry Company, petitioner, v. H.
A. Brassert. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Circuit Court of Appeals for the Seventh Circuit granted.
No. 552. Tunnel Railroad of St. Louis, petitioner, v. Commis-
sioner of Internal Revenue;
No. 553. St. Louis Bridge Company, petitioner, v. Commissioner
of Internal Revenue;
No. 554. Tunnel Railroad of St. Louis, petitioner, v. Commissioner
of Internal Revenue;
No. 555. St. Louis Bridge Company, petitioner, v. Commissioner
of Internal Revenue;
No. 556. Terminal Railroad Association of St. Louis, petitioner,
v. Commissioner of Internal Revenue; and
No. 557. Terminal Railroad Association of St. Louis, petitioner,
v. Commissioner of Internal Revenue. Petition for writs of certi-
orari to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Eighth
Circuit denied.
No. 574. The Texas Pipe Line Company et al., petitioners, v. The
United States;
No. 575. The Texas Company et al., petitioners, v. The United
States;
No. 576. The Texas Pipe Line Company, petitioner, v. The United
States; and
No. 577. The Texas Pipe Line Company of Oklahoma, petitioner,
v. The United States. Petition for writs of certiorari to the Court
of Claims denied.
No. 578. I. M. Brace, Administratrix of the Estate of James All-
mark, deceased, et al., petitioners, v. Canadian Pacific Railway Com-
pany et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Circuit Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit denied.
No. 597. Southern Railway Company, petitioner, v. J. M. Edger-
ton. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of the
State of North Carolina denied.
No. 598. Doughnut Machine Corporation, petitioner, v. Demco,
Inc., Joe-Lowe Corporation, et al.; and

.
MONDAY, FEBRUARY 13, 1933
141
No. 599. Doughnut Machine Corporation, petitioner, v. Joe-Lowe
Corporation et al. Petition for writs of certiorari to the United
States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Fourth Circuit denied.
No. 600. E. A. Nicholson, as Receiver for Interstate Mortgage and
Investment Company, petitioner, v. Western Loan and Building
Company et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Circuit Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit denied.
No. 604. Rita O'Shaughnessy, Executrix under the last will and
testament of Peter O'Shaughnessy, deceased, petitioner, v. Commis-
sioner of Internal Revenue. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Sixth Circuit denied.
No. 606. Stillwell Theatre, Inc., petitioner, v. Sam Kaplan, as
President of the International Alliance of Theatrical State Em-
ployees et al., etc.;
No. 607. Rosekay Amusement Corporation. petitioner, v. Sam
Kaplan, as President of the International Alliance of Theatrical
State Employees et al., etc.; and
No. 608. Windsor Circuit Corporation, petitioner, v. Sam Kaplan
as President of the International Alliance of Theatrical State Em-
ployees et al., etc. Petition for writs of certiorari to the Supreme
Court of the State of New York denied.
No. 610. Rudolfo Dobra, petitioner, v. Owen F. Lindsey, United
States Immigration Inspector. Petition for writ of certiorari to
the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit
denied.
No. 612. Industrial Commission of Illinois et al., petitioners, v.
Illinois Central Railroad Company. Petition for writ of certiorari
to the Supreme Court of the State of Illinois denied.
No. 622. Frank Tennyson Neely, petitioner, v. Everett Stacy,
Clifford Stacy, et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court
of Errors and Appeals of the State of New Jersey denied.
No. 633. Richmond, Fredericksburg & Potomac Railroad Co.,
petitioner, v. J. R. McCarl, Comptroller General of the United States.
Leave granted to file brief of respondent by February 27th next on
motion of Mr. Solicitor General Thacher in that behalf.
No. 515. Bemis Bro. Bag Company, petitioner, v. The United
States of America. Leave granted to file brief of Kingman Brewster,
James S. Y. Ivins, and Percy W. Phillips, as amici curiae, on motion
of Mr. Percy W. Phillips in that behalf.
No. 17, Original. The State of Washington, complainant, v. The
State of Oregon. Return of the complainant to the rule to show

MONDAY, FEBRUARY 13, 1933
142
cause and motion for the appointment of a Special Master submitted
by Mr. Blaine Mallan in behalf of counsel for complainant.
No. 3, Original. State of Nevada, complainant, v. Crown William-
ette Paper Company. Returns to rules to show cause and stipulation
to continue presented.
No. 562. Commissioner of Internal Revenue v. The Independent
Life Insurance Company. Motion to bring up the entire record and
cause submitted by Mr. J. A. Newman for the Independent Life
Insurance Company.
No. 492. The People of Porto Rico, petitioner, v. Russell & Com-
pany et al. Argument continued by Mr. William Cattron Rigby
and Mr. Fred W. Llewellyn for the petitioner, and concluded by Mr.
Francis E. Neagle for the respondents.
No. 513. George Weems Williams, Receiver of the Washington,
Baltimore and Annapolis Electric Railroad Co., petitioner, v.
Mayor and City Council of Baltimore; and
No. 514. George Weems Williams, Receiver of the Washington,
Baltimore and Annapolis Electric Railroad Co., petitioner, v. Mayor,
Counselor and Aldermen of the City of Annapolis. Argument com-
menced by Mr. William L. Rawls for the petitioner; continued by Mr.
Lawrence B. Fenneman for the respondents in No. 513, by Mr. Roscoe
C. Rowe for the respondents in No. 514; by Mr. R. E. Lee Marshall
for the respondents in No. 513; and concluded by Mr. George
Weems Williams for the petitioner.
No. 515. Bemis Bro. Bag Company, petitioner, v. The United
States of America. Argument commenced by Mr. Abraham
Lowenhaupt for the petitioner.
Adjourned until to-morrow at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Tuesday, February 14, will be as follows: Nos.
515, 523, 526, 518, 499, 541, 516, 537, 423, and 565.

TUESDAY, FEBRUARY 14, 1933
143
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: The Chief Justice, Mr. Justice McReynolds, Mr. Justice
Brandeis, Mr. Justice Sutherland, Mr. Justice Butler, Mr. Justice.
Stone, Mr. Justice Roberts, and Mr. Justice Cardozo.
Carl Clifton Owens, of Washington, D. C.; R. J. Venables, of
Seattle, Wash.; Perry Smith, of Terre Haute, Ind.; J. Frank Adams,
of Brazil, Ind.; Frank J. Maguire, of Buffalo, N. Y.; Edward N.
Mills, of Buffalo, N. Y.; and William C. Purnell, of Baltimore, Md.,
were admitted to practice.
No. 552. Tunnel Railroad of St. Louis, petitioner, v. Commissioner
of Internal Revenue;
No. 553. St Louis Bridge Company, petitioner, v. Commissioner
of Internal Revenue;
No. 554. Tunnel Railroad of St. Louis, petitioner, v. Commissioner
of Internal Revenue;
No. 555. St. Louis Bridge Company, petitioner, v. Commissioner
of Internal Revenue;
No. 556. Terminal Railroad Association of St. Louis, petitioner, v.
Commissioner of Internal Revenue; and
No. 557. Terminal Railroad Association of St. Louis, petitioner,
v. Commissioner of Internal Revenue. Orders denying petition for
writs of certiorari withheld on motion of Mr. Fred Esch for the
petitioners.
No. 515. Bemis Bro. Bag Company, petitioner, v. The United
States of America. Argument continued by Mr. Abraham Lowen-
haupt for the petitioner, by Mr. Erwin N. Griswold for the re-
spondent, and concluded by Mr. Abraham Lowenhaupt for the
petitioner.
No. 523. Central Transfer Company, petitioner, v. Terminal Rail-
road Association of St. Louis et al. Argument commenced by Mr.
Glendy B. Arnold for the petitioner, continued by Mr. C. S. Burg
and Mr. H. H. Larimore for the respondents, and concluded by
Mr. Glendy B. Arnold for the petitioner.
No. 526. The Baltimore and Ohio Railroad Company et al., peti-
titioners, v. A. Spates Brady. Argument commenced by Mr. George
M. Hoffheimer for the petitioners, and continued by Mr. George
T. Bell for the respondent.
Adjourned until to-morrow at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Wednesday, February 15, will be as follows: Nos.
526, 518, 499, 541, 516, 537, 423, 565, 538, and 582.
141905-33-55
☑

Х
WEDNESDAY, FEBRUARY 15, 1933
144
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: The Chief Justice, Mr. Justice McReynolds, Mr. Jus-
tice Brandeis, Mr. Justice Sutherland, Mr. Justice Butler, Mr. Jus-
tice Stone, Mr. Justice Roberts, and Mr. Justice Cardozo.
G. C. Mann, of Laredo, Tex.; Harold Olsen, of Minneapolis, Minn.,
and Raymond G. Mullee, of New York City, were admitted to
practice.
No. 526. The Baltimore and Ohio Railroad Company et al., peti-
tioners, v. A. Spates Brady. Argument continued by Mr. George
T. Bell for the respondent, and concluded by Mr. Eugene S. Wil-
liams for the petitioners.
No. 518. Pacific Coast Steel Company, petitioner, v. John P.
McLaughlin, United States Collector of Internal Revenue etc.
Argued by Mr. George H. Koster for the petitioner, and by Mr.
Assistant Attorney General Youngquist for the respondent.
No. 499. The Moffat Tunnel League et al., appellants, v. The
United States of America et al. Argued by Mr. Albert L. Vogl for
the appellants; by Mr. Nelson Thomas for the appellees, The United
States, and the Interstate Commerce Commission; and by Mr.
Henry McAllister for the appellee, Denver & Rio Grande Western
Railroad Company.
No. 541. David Burnet, Commissioner of Internal Revenue, peti-
tioner, v. A. T. Jergins Trust. Argument commenced by Mr. As-
sistant Attorney General Youngquist for the petitioner.
Adjourned until to-morrow at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Thursday, February 16, will be as follows: Nos.
541, 516, 537, 423, 565, 538, and 582.
141905-33-56

☑:
THURSDAY, FEBRUARY 16, 1933
145
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: The Chief Justice, Mr. Justice McReynolds, Mr. Justice
Brandeis, Mr. Justice Sutherland, Mr. Justice Butler, Mr. Justice
Stone, Mr. Justice Roberts, and Mr. Justice Cardozo.
Jess Halsted, of Chicago, Ill.; Elmer Theodore Kemper, of Lyons,
Kans. Louis Auerbacher, jr., of Newark, N. J.; Joseph H. Stein-
hardt, of Newark, N. J.; Benjamin Pepper, of New York City;
Alan S. Hays, of New York City; Peter A. Napiecinski, of Mil-
waukee, Wis.; Ira B. Burns, of Kansas City, Mo.; Isadore H. Huro-
witz, of Springfield, Mass.; Joseph Lorenz, of New York City;
John J. Walsh, jr., of Boston, Mass.; and George P. Ettenheim,
of Milwaukee, Wis., were admitted to practice.
No. 541. David Burnet, Commissioner of Internal Revenue, peti-
tioner, v. A. T. Jergins Trust. Argument continued by Mr. Assistant
Attorney General Youngquist for the petitioner; by Mr. Marc F.
Mitchell for the respondent; and concluded by Mr. A. Calder Mackay
for the respondent.
No. 516. J. T. Roberts, appellant, v. Richland Irrigation District
et al., etc. Argued by Mr. R. J. Venables for the appellant, and by
Mr. O. B. Thorgrimson for the appellees.
No. 537. Arthur C. Harvey Company, petitioner, v. John F. Malley
and/or Malcolm E. Nichols, Former Collectors. Argument com-
menced by Mr. O. Walker Taylor for the petitioner, and continued
by Mr. Paul D. Miller for the respondents.
Adjourned until to-morrow at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Friday, February 17, will be as follows: Nos. 537,
423, 565, 538, and 582.
141905-33-57

FRIDAY, FEBRUARY 17, 1933
146
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: The Chief Justice, Mr. Justice Van Deventer, Mr. Justice
McReynolds, Mr. Justice Brandeis, Mr. Justice Sutherland, Mr. Jus-
tice Butler, Mr. Justice Stone, Mr. Justice Roberts, and Mr. Justice
Cardozo.
Elsie M. Wood, of Boscobel, Wis.; Charles S. Sheppard, of Cam-
bridge, Ohio; and John Walsh, of Kansas City, Mo., were admitted
to practice.
No. 537. Arthur C. Harvey Company, petitioner, v. John F. Malley
and/or Malcolm E. Nichols, Former Collectors. Argument con-
tinued by Mr. Paul D. Miller for the respondents, and concluded by
Mr. O. Walker Taylor for the petitioner.
No. 423. Levering & Garrigues Company et al., petitioners, v.
Paul J. Morrin, Individually, etc., et al. Argued by Mr. Merritt
Lane for the petitioners, and by Mr. Frank P. Walsh for the
respondents.
No. 565. Philip Hurn and Percy Morgan, Jr., petitioners, v.
Fulton Oursler et al. Argued by Mr. Joseph Lorenz for the peti-
tioners; by Mr. Alan S. Hays for the respondent Fulton Oursler;
by Mr. Benjamin Pepper for the respondents, Albert Lewis and Sam
H. Harris; and case submitted by Emily Holt for the respondent
Lowell Brentano.
No. 538. Board of Trustees of the University of Illinois, petitioner,
v. The United States of America. Argued by Mr. Sveinbjorn John-
son for the petitioner, and by Mr. Solicitor General Thacher for the
respondent.
No. 583. The People of the State of New York ex rel. New York
and Albany Lighterage Company, appellants, v. Thomas M. Lynch
et al., etc. Submitted by Miss Winifred Sullivan for the appellants,
and by Mr. Wendell P. Brown for the appellees.
Adjourned until Monday, February 20, next at 12 o'clock.
141905-33-58
☑

MONDAY, FEBRUARY 20, 1933
147
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: The Chief Justice, Mr. Justice Van Devanter, Mr. Jus-
tice Brandeis, Mr. Justice Butler, Mr. Justice Stone, Mr. Justice
Roberts, and Mr. Justice Cardozo.
Courtland C. Gillen, of Greencastle, Ind.; Graham R. Hall, of
Little Rock, Ark.; Joseph A. Locke, of Boston, Mass.; Robert G.
Bosworth, of Denver, Colo.; George Rogers, of Omaha, Neb.; Clar-
ence W. Heyl, of Peoria, Ill.; William P. Holaday, of Danville, Ill.;
William Allen Whitfield, of Des Moines, Ia.; G. Lynn Barry, of
Washington, D. C.; T. Hoyt Davis, of Atlanta, Ga.; Sanford Bates,
of Boston, Mass.; James B. Pruitt, of Anderson, S. C.; Howard A.
Newman, of New York City; and James H. Dyer, of Hoopeston,
Ill., were admitted to practice.
The Chief Justice said:
"The orders of the Court appear upon the list certified to by the
Chief Justice and filed with the Clerk and will not be announced
orally."
No. 582. The People of the State of New York, ex rel. New York
and Albany Lighterage Company, appellants, v. Thomas M. Lynch,
John J. Merrill and Mark Graves, Tax Commissioners of the State
of New York. Appeal from the Supreme Court of the State of
New York. Per curiam: Judgment affirmed. Cornell Steamboat
Co. v. Sohmer, 235 U. S. 549, 559; Interborough Transit Co. v.
Sohmer, 237 U. S. 276, 283; Flint v. Stone Tracy Co., 220 U. S. 107,
161, 162; Ft. Smith Lumber Co. v. Arkansas, 251 U. S. 532, 533, 534;
White River Lumber Co. v. Arkansas, 279 U. S. 692, 695–699;
Lawrence v. State Tax Commission, 286 U. S. 276, 283–285.
No. 583. Victor Westling, appellant, v. The United States of
America. Appeal from the United States Circuit Court of Appeals
for the Eighth Circuit. Per curiam: The appeal herein is dismissed
for the want of jurisdiction, it appearing that the Circuit Court
of Appeals in determining this case, did not decide against the
validity of a statute of a state upon the ground of its being repug-
nant to the constitution, treaties, or laws of the United States. Sec-
141905-33--59

MONDAY, FEBRUARY 20, 1933
148
tion 240 (b) Judicial Code as amended by the act of February 13,
1925 (43 Stat. 936, 939). Public Service Commission v. Batesville.
Telephone Co., 284 U. S. 6; Baxter v. Continental Casualty Co., 284
U. S. 578; Bradford Electric Light Co. v. Clapper, 284 U. S. 221,
224, 225.
No. 662. George Morrison and H. K. Ozaki, appellants, v. The
People of the State of California. Appeal from the District Court
of Appeal, 4th Appellate District, State of California. Per curiam:
The appeal herein is dismissed for the want of a substantial Fed-
eral question. (1) Mobile, Jackson & Kansas City R. R. Co. v.
Turnipseed, 219 U. S. 35, 42, 43; Yee Hem v. United States, 268 U. S.
178, 183–185; Atlantic Coast Line R. R. Co. v. Ford, 287 U. S. —
(decided January 9, 1933). (2) Cockrill v. California, 268 U. S.
258, 261, 262; Porterfield v. Webb, 263 U. S. 225, 232, 233; Patsone v.
Pennsylvania, 232 U. S. 138, 144.
-
No. 671. Harold E. Long, appellant, v. Edward L. Kelley, Charles
D. Rosa et al. Appeal from the Supreme Court of the State of Wis-
consin. Per curiam: The appeal herein is dismissed for the want
of a substantial Federal question. Castillo v. McConnico, 168 U. S.
674, 683; Moffit v. Kelly, 218 U. S. 400, 404, 405; Nickel v. Cole,
256 U. S. 222, 226; Glenn v. Doyal, 285 U. S. 526.
No. 562. Commissioner of Internal Revenue v. The Independent
Life Insurance Company. On certificate from the United States
Circuit Court of Appeals for the Sixth Circuit. Per curiam: The
motion to bring up the entire record and cause is denied. The cer-
☐tificate herein is dismissed. United States v. Mayer, 235 U. S. 55,
66; United States v. Worley, 281 U. S. 339, 340; White v. Johnson,
282 U. S. 367, 371; Wells v. Commissioner, 286 U. S. 529; Kroger
Grocery & Baking Co. v. Yount, 287 U. S. -; Catagrone v. United
States, 287, U. S. —.
No. 3, original. The State of Nevada, complainant, v. Crown Wil-
lamette Paper Co. The returns of the parties to the rules issued
herein January 23, 1933, to show cause why this case should not be
dismissed, are received and filed. Pursuant to stipulation of the
parties, this cause is continued to the October Term, 1933; and the
parties are directed to make further report as to the status of this
cause on or before Monday, October 2, 1933.
No. 17, original. The State of Washington, complainant, v. State
of Oregon. The return of the complainant to the rule issued herein
to show cause why this case should not be dismissed for the want of
prosecution is received and filed.

MONDAY, FEBRUARY 20, 1933
149
The motion for the appointment of a Special Master is granted,
and it is ordered that William W. Ray, Esquire, of Salt Lake City,
Utah, be, and he is hereby, appointed Special Master in this cause,
with authority to summon witnesses, issue subpoenas, and to take
such evidence as may be introduced and such as he may deem it
necessary to call for. The Master is directed to make findings of
fact and conclusions of law, and to submit the same to this Court
with all convenient speed, together with his recommendations for
a decree. The findings, conclusions, and recommendations of the
Master shall be subject to consideration, revision, or approval by
the Court. The Master shall be allowed his actual expenses and a
reasonable compensation for his services to be fixed hereafter by the
Court. The allowances to him, the compensation paid to his
stenographic and clerical assistants, and the cost of printing his
report shall be charged against and be borne by the parties in such
proportion as the Court hereafter may direct. If the appointment
herein made of a Master is not accepted, or if the place becomes
vacant during the recess of the Court, the Chief Justice shall have
authority to make a new designation which shall have the same
effect as if originally made by the Court herein.
No. 673. Maude E. Bourke, as Administratrix of the Estate of
Joseph D. Bourke, deceased, petitioner, v. Pennsylvania Railroad
Company. On petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Circuit Court of Appeals for the Sixth Circuit. The motion for
leave to proceed further herein in forma pauperis is denied for the
reason that the Court, upon consideration of the record herein pre-
sented finds no ground upon which a writ of certiorari should issue.
The petition for writ of certiorari is therefore also denied.
No. 674. Ed O. Ellis, petitioner, v. The United States of America.
On petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court
of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit. The motion for leave to proceed
further herein in forma pauperis is denied for the reason that the
Court, upon examination of the papers upon which the petition for
writ of certiorari in this case is presented finds no ground upon
which a writ of certiorari should issue. The petition for writ of
certiorari is therefore also denied.
No. 663. The State of Washington on the relation of Bond &
Goodwin & Tucker, Incorporated, a Dissolved Delaware Corpora-
tion, appellant, v. Superior Court of the State of Washington for
Spokane County, et al. In this case probable jurisdiction is noted.
No. 669. Michael J. Healy, Chief of Police of the City of Man-
chester, New Hampshire, appellant, v. Louis D. Ratta. In this case
probable jurisdiction is noted. The Court desires to hear argument
upon the questions: (a) whether a case for equitable relief is shown;

MONDAY, FEBRUARY 20, 1933
150
(b) whether the amount in controversy is such as to sustain the
jurisdiction of the Court below; and (c) whether the defendant-
appellant is a state officer within the meaning of Section 266, Judicial
Code, as amended (43 Stat. 936, 938; U. S. Code, Title 28, Sec. 380).
The motion to advance is granted and the case is assigned for argu-
ment on Monday, March 13, next, after the cases heretofore assigned
for that day.
No. 585. Royal Indemnity Company et al., petitioners, v. American
Bond & Mortgage Company; and
No. 586. Royal Indemnity Company et al., petitioners, v. American
Bond & Mortgage Company. The petition for writs of certiorari
to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Seventh Cir-
cuit is granted.
No. 638. Paul Morton, petitioner, v. The United States of America.
The petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court
of Appeals for the Seventh Circuit is denied, for the reason that ap-
plication for the writ of certiorari was not made within the time
provided by law. Act of February 13, 1925, Section 8 (a), (43
Stat. 936, 940; U. S. Code, Title 28, Sec. 350).
No. 579. The Hazelett Storage Battery Company, petitioner, v.
The Western Battery and Supply Company; and
No. 580. Gordon A. Webster, petitioner, v. The Western Battery
and Supply Company. Petition for writs of certiorari to the United
States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Eighth Circuit denied.
No. 611. New Amsterdam Casualty Company, petitioner, v. Robert
J. Hoage, Deputy United States Employees' Compensation Commis-
sioner for the District of Columbia. Petition for writ of certiorari
to the Court of Appeals of the District of Columbia denied.
No. 621. Westerlin & Campbell Company, petitioner, v. Michigan
Artificial Ice Products Company et al. Petition for writ of
certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the
Sixth Circuit denied.
No. 624. Geophysical Exploration Company, petitioner, v. Henry
Klodginski and Mary Klodginski. Petition for writ of certiorari to
the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit
denied.
No. 625. W. Clyde Smith, petitioner, v. The United States of
America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Cir-
cuit Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 629. Carl A. Schug, Trustee in Bankruptcy of Winner-Franck
Baking Company, petitioner, v. Norman S. Caldwell, Joseph W.

MONDAY, FEBRUARY 20, 1933
151
Franck, Ella Fessler, etc. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Third Circuit denied.
No. 630. Southeastern Investment Company of Savannah, Georgia,
petitioner, v. William A. Tobler, and The Union & New Haven
Trust Company, as Receiver, etc. Petition for writ of certiorari to
the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit
denied.
No. 632. John Bartosik, petitioner, v. The Chicago River & Indi-
ana Railroad Company. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
Appellate Court, First District, State of Illinois, denied.
No. 20, original. The State of Wisconsin, complainant, v. The State
of Michigan. Reply to answer presented.
Adjourned until Saturday, March 4, next, at 11 o'clock.

SATURDAY, MARCH 4, 1933
152
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: The Chief Justice, Mr. Justice Van Devanter, Mr. Justice
McReynolds, Mr. Justice Brandeis, Mr. Justice Butler, Mr. Justice
Stone, Mr. Justice Roberts, and Mr. Justice Cardozo.
The Chief Justice said:
66
The orders of the Court appear upon the list certified to by the
Chief Justice and filed with the Clerk and will not be announced
orally."
No. 20, Original. The State of Wisconsin, complainant, v. The
State of Michigan. The reply to the defendant's answer is received
and ordered filed.
No. 716. W. F. H. Blanton, petitioner, v. The Great Atlantic &
Pacific Tea Company. On petition for writ of certiorari to the
United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit. The
motion for leave to proceed further herein in forma pauperis is
denied, for the reason that the Court, upon examination of the
unprinted record herein submitted, finds no ground upon which a
writ of certiorari should be issued. The petition for writ of certio-
rari is therefore also denied.
No. 648. Missouri State Life Insurance Company, petitioner, v.
Marion Johnson. On petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme
Court of the State of Arkansas. The petition for writ of certiorari
in this cause is denied upon the ground that the judgment sought
herein to be reviewed is joint and the record fails to disclose sum-
mons and severance. Hartford Accident & Indemnity Co. v. Bunn,
285 U. S. 169; Capital National Bank v. Board of Supervisors, 286
U. S. 550; Fidelity Union Casualty Co. v. Hanson, 287 U. S. —;
Louisville & Nashville R. R. Co. v. Parker, 287 U. S. -; Wagner
Tug Boat Co. v. Meagher, 287 U. S. —.
No. 694. Columbia-Deschutes Power Company, appellant, v.
Charles E. Stricklin, as State Engineer of the State of Oregon.
Further consideration of the question of the jurisdiction of this
Court in this case is postponed to the hearing of the case on the
merits.
No. 634. David Daube, petitioner, v. The United States. Petition
for writ of certiorari to the Court of Claims granted, limited to the
question raised by the assessment for the year 1919.
141905-33- -60

SATURDAY, MARCH 4, 1933
153
No. 626. Fidelity and Deposit Company of Maryland, petitioner,
v. George C. Arenz. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United
States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit granted.
No. 603. E. W. Backus, E. W. Decker, and Charles Fowler, Re-
ceivers of Minnesota and Ontario Paper Company, petitioners, v.
The United States. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of
Claims denied.
No. 614. The Western Shade Cloth Company, petitioner, v. The
United States. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Claims
denied.
No. 620. Allen Pope, petitioner, v. The United States. Petition
for writ of certiorari to the Court of Claims denied.
No. 631. Jamea A. White, petitioner, v. Portia Law School, Ar-
thur MacLean and Bessie Nadine Paige. Petition for writ of cer-
tiorari to the Supreme Judicial Court, County of Suffolk, Common-
wealth of Massachusetts, denied.
No. 635. Louis J. Castellano, as Trustee in Bankruptcy of Island
Dredging Company, petitioner, v. Globe Indemnity Company. Pe-
tition for writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of
Appeals for the Second Circuit denied.
No. 637. Wendell P. Barker, petitioner, v. Samuel Fischer, as
Trustee in Bankruptcy of the Estate of Charles H. Wilson, Bank-
rupt. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit
Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit denied.
No. 641. Maryland Casualty Company, petitioner, v. Kathleen
Kramer. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit
Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 654. Edgar P. Lewis & Sons, Inc., petitioner, v. Mars, Incor-
porated. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Cir-
cuit Court of Appeals for the First Circuit denied.
No. 605. Fulton Bag & Cotton Mills, petitioner, v. The United
States. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Claims denied.
No. 636. Radio Investment Company, Inc. (Station WNJ), peti-
tioner, v. Federal Radio Commission, New Jersey Broadcasting Cor-
poration. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals
of the District of Columbia denied.
No. 642. Anna S. Williams, Individually and as Administratrix
De Bonis Non of the Estate of Thomas Williams, Deceased, peti-
tioner, v. Frank H. Williams. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Seventh Circuit
denied.

SATURDAY, MARCH 4, 1933
154
No. 644. Hazel T. Power, petitioner, v. Commissioner of Internal
Revenue. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Cir-
cuit Court of Appeals for the Eighth Circuit denied.
No. 645. Irving Trust Company, Receiver, petitioner, v. The
United States of America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Second. Circuit
denied.
No. 646. Seward National Bank of New York, petitioner, v. Har-
old L. Fierman, as Trustee in Bankruptcy of Ralph S. McConnell.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of
Appeals for the Second Circuit denied.
No. 647. Title Insurance and Trust Company, Executor and Trus-
tee under the Last Will and Testament of Emil Firth, Deceased, peti-
tioner, v. Rex B. Goodcell, Collector of Internal Revenue for the
Sixth District of California. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit denied.
No. 651. Willie Beland James, petitioner, v. The United States
of America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Cir-
cuit Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 655. The Commonwealth of Virginia and State Corporation
Commission, petitioners, v. Appalachian Electric Power Company
(of Virginia). Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court
of Appeals of the State of Virginia denied.
No. 656. Capitol Iron & Metal Company and Commercial Stand-
ard Insurance Company, petitioners, v. Bud Rogers and the State
Industrial Commission of the State of Oklahoma. Petition for writ
of certiorari to the Supreme Court of the State of Oklahoma denied.
No. 664. Union Solvents Corporation, petitioner, v. Guaranty
Trust Company of New York, The Butacet Corporation and Com-
mercial Solvents Corporation. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Third Circuit denied.
No. 665. Relmar Holding Company, Inc., petitioner, v. Honorable
Martin T. Manton, United States Senior Circuit Judge, etc., et al.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of
Appeals for the Second Circuit denied.
No. 708. Suffern National Bank and Trust Company, petitioner,
v. Robert F. Ash, James A. Parr and Mountain View Brick Com-
pany.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit
Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit denied.
ORDER
The call for the week of March 13 shall be as follows: Nos. 594,
535, 567, 653, 669, 683, 260, 517, and 547.
1

SATURDAY, MARCH 4, 1933
155
The call for the week of March 20 shall be as follows: Nos. 559,
564, 571, 585 (and 586), 587, 589, 595, 601, 623, 627, 643 and
663.
The Court took a recess for the purpose of attending the inaug-
uration of the President of the United States.
The oath of office was administered to the Honorable Franklin
Delano Roosevelt as President of the United States by the Chief
Justice, and the Court reconvened.
Adjourned until Monday, March 13, at 12 o'clock.
Х

MONDAY, MARCH 13, 1933
156
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: The Chief Justice, Mr. Justice Van Devanter, Mr. Jus-
tice McReynolds, Mr. Justice Brandeis, Mr. Justice Sutherland, Mr.
Justice Butler, Mr. Justice Stone, Mr. Justice Roberts, and Mr.
Justice Cardozo.
Hubert T. Delany, of New York City; Henry T. Duncan, of Lex-
ington, Ky.; Harry Lashkowitz, of Fargo, N. Dak; J. S. Holt, of
Fort Smith, Ark.; Alexander J. Lindsay, of New York City; Jeff T.
Jones, of Washington, D. C.; R. W. Robins, of Conway, Ark.; and
James S. Twyford, of Oklahoma City, Okla., were admitted to
practice.
The Honorable Homer S. Cummings, of Connecticut, Attorney
General of the United States, was presented by Mr. Solicitor General
Thacher, and it was ordered that his commission be recorded.
No. 531. Genevieve A. Clark, petitioner, v. The United States of
America. On writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court
of Appeals for the Eighth Circuit. Judgment affirmed, and cause
remanded to the District Court of the United States for the District
of Minnesota. Opinion by Mr. Justice Cardozo.
No. 460. Charles W. Anderson, Collector of Internal Revenue for
the Third District of New York, petitioner, v. Marian Steedman
Wilson, Robert Goelet, and Harlem G. Rubert, as Executors of the
Estate of Richard T. Wilson, jr., deceased; and
No. 461. Marian Steedman Wilson, Robert Goelet, and Harlem
G. Rubert, as Executors of the Estate of Richard T. Wilson, jr., de-
ceased, petitioners, v. Charles W. Anderson, Collector of Internal
Revenue for the Third District of New York. On writs of certiorari
to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Second Cir-
cuit. Judgment of reversal affirmed, and cause remanded to the Dis-
trict Court of the United States for the Southern District of New
York with instructions to dismiss the complaint. Opinion by Mr.
Justice Cardozo.
141905-33- -61

MONDAY, MARCH 13, 1933
157
No. 515. Bemis Bro. Bag Company, petitioner, v. The United
States of America. On writ of certiorari to the United States Cir-
cuit Court of Appeals for the Eighth Circuit. Judgment reversed
and cause remanded to the District Court of the United States for
the Eastern District of Missouri for further proceedings in con-
formity with the opinion of this Court. Opinion by Mr. Justice
Cardozo.
No. 513. George Weems Williams, Receiver of the Washington,
Baltimore and Annapolis Electric Railroad Company, petitioner, v.
Mayor and City Council of Baltimore; and
No. 514. George Weems Williams, Receiver of the Washington,
Baltimore and Annapolis Railroad Company, petitioner, v. Mayor,
Counselor and Aldermen of the City of Annapolis. On writs of cer-
tiorari to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Fourth
Circuit. Decrees reversed with costs, and cases remanded to the Dis-
trict Court of the United States for the District of Maryland for
further proceedings in conformity with the opinion of this Court.
Opinion by Mr. Justice Cardozo.
No. 407. George B. Monroe, Receiver, petitioner, v. Louis Raphael.
On writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals
for the First Circuit. Decree reversed with costs, and cause re-
manded to the District Court of the United States for the District
of Massachusetts for further proceedings in conformity with the
opinion of this Court. Opinion by Mr. Justice Roberts.
No. 470. The United States of America, Interstate Commerce
Commission, The Northwest Petroleum Association et al., appel-
lants, v. Northern Pacific Railway Company, et al. Appeal from
the District Court of the United States for the District of Minne-
sota. Decree reversed, and cause remanded to the said District
Court for further proceedings in conformity with the opinion of
this Court. Opinion by Mr. Justice Roberts.
No. 476. D. B. Heiner, Collector of Internal Revenue for the
Twenty-third District of Pennsylvania, petitioner, v. Diamond
Alkali Company;
No. 477. D. B. Heiner, Collector of Internal Revenue for the
twenty-third District of Pennsylvania, petitioner, v. Diamond
Alkali Company; and
No. 478. C. G. Lewellyn, Formerly Collector of Internal Revenue
for the Twenty-third District of Pennsylvania, petitioner, v.
Diamond Alkali Company. On writs of certiorari to the United
States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Third Circuit. Judgments
reversed with costs, and cases remanded to the District Court of
the United States for the Western District of Pennsylvania for fur-
ther proceedings in conformity with the opinion of this Court.
Opinion by Mr. Justice Roberts.

MONDAY, MARCH 13, 1933
158
No. 541. David Burnet, Commissioner of Internal Revenue, peti-
tioner, v. A. T. Jergins Trust. On writ of certiorari to the United
States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit. Judgment
reversed with costs, and cause remanded to the said Circuit Court
of Appeals for further proceedings in conformity with the opinion
of this Court. Opinion by Mr. Justice Roberts.
No. 301. Louis K. Liggett Company et al., appellants, v. J. M.
Lee, as Comptroller of the State of Florida; R. H. Mickler, as Tax
Collector of the State of Florida et al., etc. Appeal from the
Supreme Court of the State of Florida. Decree reversed with
costs, and cause remanded to the said Supreme Court for further
proceedings not inconsistent with the opinion of this Court. Opin-
ion by Mr. Justice Roberts. Opinion by Mr. Justice Brandeis,
dissenting in part. Opinion by Mr. Justice Cardozo, dissenting in
part, in which Mr. Justice Stone concurs.
No. 434. The United States, petitioner, v. Dakota-Montana Oil
Company. On writ of certiorari to the Court of Claims. Judgment
reversed, and cause remanded to the said Court of Claims for fur-
ther proceedings in conformity with the opinion of this Court.
Opinion by Mr. Justice Stone.
No. 448. Petroleum Exploration, petitioner, v. David Burnet,
Commissioner of Internal Revenue. On writ of certiorari to the
United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Fourth Circuit.
Judgment affirmed, and cause remanded to the said Circuit Court of
Appeals. Opinion by Mr. Justice Stone.
No. 523. Central Transfer Company, petitioner, v. Terminal Rail-
road Association of St. Louis et al. On writ of certiorari to the
United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Eighth Circuit.
Decree affirmed with costs, and cause remanded to the District
Court of the United States for the Eastern District of Missouri.
Opinion by Mr. Justice Stone.
No. 492. The People of Puerto Rico, petitioner, v. Russell & Co.,
Sucrs., S. En C., Horace Havemeyer, Frank A. Dillingham, et al.
On writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals
for the First Circuit. Judgment reversed with costs, and cause
remanded to the District Court of the United States for the District
of Puerto Rico with instructions to remand said cause to the Insular
Court from which it was removed. Opinion by Mr. Justice Stone.
No. 388. Letcher Spicer, by Sam Spicer, Guardian and Committee,
petitioner, v. J. Bryan Smith, Special Deputy Banking Commis-
sioner and Liquidating Agent of Hargis Bank and Trust Company.
On writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals of the Commonwealth
of Kentucky. Judgment affirmed with costs. Opinion by Mr. Jus-
tice Butler.

MONDAY, MARCH 13, 1933
159
No. 466. Esther Jackson Porter, as Executrix, and Richard L.
Davisson, as Surviving Executor of the Estate of William H. Porter,
deceased, petitioners, v. Commissioner of Internal Revenue. On
writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for
the Second Circuit. Judgment affirmed, and cause remanded to the
said Circuit Court of Appeals. Opinion by Mr. Justice Butler.
Mr. Justice Cardozo concurs in the result.
No. 469. Vancouver Steamship Company, Ltd., petitioner, v. The-
resa Rice, Administratrix of the estate of Vincent Catino, deceased.
On writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals
for the Ninth Circuit. Decree affirmed with costs, and cause re-
manded to the District Court of the United States for the District
of Oregon. Opinion by Mr. Justice Butler.
No. 526. The Baltimore and Ohio Railroad Company and West-
ern Maryland Railway Company, petitioners, v. A. Spates Brady.
On writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals
for the Fourth Circuit. Judgment reversed with costs, and cause
remanded to the District Court of the United States for the North-
ern District of West Virginia for proceedings in conformity with
the opinion of this Court. Opinion by Mr. Justice Butler.
No. 330. Peter L. McDonnell, petitioner, v. The United States;
and
No. 331. Dominic A. Truda, petitioner, v. The United States. On
writs of certiorari to the Court of Claims. Judgments affirmed.
Opinion by Mr. Justice Brandeis.
No. 518. Pacific Coast Steel Company, petitioner, v. John P. Mc-
Laughlin, United States Collector of Internal Revenue for the First
Collection District of California. On writ of certiorari to the
United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit.
Judgment affirmed with costs, and cause remanded to the District
Court of the United States for the Northern District of California.
Opinion by Mr. Justice Brandeis.
No. 475. David Burnet, Commissioner of Internal Revenue, peti-
tioner, v. S. & L. Building Corporation. On writ of certiorari to the
United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit.
Judgment reversed, and cause remanded to the said Circuit Court of
Appeals for further proceedings in conformity with the opinion of
this Court. Opinion by Mr. Justice McReynolds.
No. 537. Arthur C. Harvey Company, petitioner, v. John F.
Malley and/or Malcolm E. Nichols, former collectors. On writ of
certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the
First Circuit. Judgment affirmed with costs, and cause remanded to
the District Court of the United States for the District of Massa-
chusetts. Opinion by Mr. Justice McReynolds.

MONDAY, MARCH 13, 1933
160
No. 504. Appalachian Coals, Incorporated, et al., appellants, v.
The United States of America. Appeal from the District Court of
the United States for the Western District of Virginia. Decree
reversed, and cause remanded to the said District Court with in-
structions to enter a decree dismissing the bill of complaint without
prejudice and with the provision that the court shall retain juris-
diction of the cause and may set aside the decree and take further
proceedings if future developments justify that course in the ap-
propriate enforcement of the Anti-Trust Act. Opinion by Mr.
Chief Justice Hughes. Mr. Justice McReynolds thinks that the
court below reached the proper conclusion and that its decree should
be affirmed.
No. 496. David Burnet, Commissioner of Internal Revenue, peti-
tioner, v. Ernest Brooks, Harold Wilson Brooks, and Walter Doug-
las Brooks, as Executors of the Will of Ernest Augustus Brooks.
On writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals
for the Second Circuit. Judgment reversed, and cause remanded to
the said Circuit Court of Appeals for further proceedings in con-
formity with the opinion of this Court. Opinion by Mr. Chief
Justice Hughes. Mr. Justice Butler dissents.
The Chief Justice said:
"The orders of the Court appear upon the list certified to by the
Chief Justice and filed with the Clerk and will not be announced
orally."
No. -, original. Ex Parte: Charles W. Atkins, petitioner. Mo-
tion for leave to file petition for writ of habeas corpus denied.
No. 657. Federal Radio Commission, petitioner, v. Nelson Brothers
Bond & Mortgage Company;
No. 658. Federal Radio Commission, petitioner, v. North Shore
Church;
No. 659. Federal Radio Commission et al., petitioners, v. Nelson
Brothers Bond & Mortgage Company; and
No. 660. Federal Radio Commission, et al., petitioners, v. North
Shore Church. Petitions for writs of certiorari to the Court of
Appeals of the District of Columbia granted.
No. 677. The United States of America, on relation of Lucien H.
Greathouse et al., petitioners, v. Patrick J. Hurley, as Secretary of
War, et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals
of the District of Columbia granted.
No. 680. Isaac Gross and Joel Gross, partners as Gross & Gross,
Solicitors for complainant in Chancery, petitioners, v. Irving Trust
Company, etc.;

MONDAY, MARCH 13, 1933
161
No. 681. J. S. S. Weisman and John Milton, Receivers in Chancery
of Crosby Stores, Inc., petitioners, v. Irving Trust Company, etc.; and
No. 682. Isaac Gross and Joel Gross, partners as Gross & Gross,
et al., petitioners, v. Irving Trust Company, etc. Petition for writs
of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the
Third Circuit granted.
No. 633. Richmond, Fredericksburg & Potomac Railroad Co.,
petitioner, v. J. R. McCarl, Comptroller General of the United
States. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals of
the District of Columbia denied.
No. 639. Consolidated Paper Company, petitioner, v. The United
States. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Claims
denied.
No. 649. O. S. Crocker, Trustee in Bankruptcy of the Estate of
Gorday Garmen Company, Bankrupt, petitioner, v. Cora M. Kay,
Administratrix of the Estate of Thomas B. Kay, deceased. Peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of Ap-
peals for the Ninth Circuit denied.
No. 650. Eugenie M. Wilson, petitioner, v. Daniel L. Borden,
M. D. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals of the
District of Columbia denied.
No. 661. Savannah Sugar Refining Corporation, petitioner, v. The
United States of America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
United States Court of Customs and Patents Appeals denied.
No. 666. Perthur Holding Corporation, petitioner, v. Commis-
sioner of Internal Revenue. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit
denied.
No. 667. Hugh E. McInes, petitioner, v. The United States of
America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Cir-
cuit Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit denied.
No. 668. Carl A. Dorland, petitioner, v. Helen Witmer, Geraldine
Freightner, and Hazel Slusser. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
Court of Appeals of Stark County, State of Ohio, denied.
No. 670. Nicholas J. Gaul, petitioner, v. The United States of
America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Circuit Court of Appeals for the First Circuit denied.
No. 672. Joseph L. Ruby, petitioner, v. The United States of
America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Circuit Court of Appeals for the Sixth Circuit denied.
No. 679. Ethel M. Dorrance, George M. Dorrance, Arthur C. Dor-
rance et al., etc., petitioners, v. The Commonwealth of Pennsyl-

MONDAY, MARCH 13, 1933
162
vania. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of the
State of Pennsylvania denied.
No. 684. The Chesapeake and Ohio Railway Company, petitioner,
v. Samuel T. Burton. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United
States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Fourth Circuit denied.
No. 640. Nathan B. Martin, Peter Marechelo, et al., petitioners, v.
The United States of America. Petition for writ of certiorari to
the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the First Circuit
denied.
No. -, original. Ex Parte: Arthur T. La Prade, petitioner.
Motion for leave to file petition for writ of prohibition and/or
mandamus submitted by Mr. Donald R. Richberg for the petitioner.
No. 733. The Public Service Commission of Indiana et al., appel-
lants, v. Northern Indiana Public Service Company. Leave granted
to file statement as to jurisdiction on motion of Mr. George W.
Hufsmith for the appellants.
No. 2, original. The State of Vermont, complainant, v. The State
of New Hampshire. Exceptions of the defendant to the report of
the Special Master presented.
No. 11, original. Commonwealth of Kentucky, complainant, v.
State of Indiana et al. Semiannual report of the defendant, State
of Indiana, presented.
No. 20, original. The State of Wisconsin, complainant, v. The State
of Michigan. Defendant's answer to affirmative allegations of com-
plainant's reply presented.
No. 585. Royal Indemnity Company et al., petitioners, v. Ameri-
can Bond & Mortgage Company; and
No. 586. Royal Indemnity Company et al., petitioners, v. Ameri-
can Bond & Mortgage Company. Motion for injunction submitted
by Mr. Selden Bacon and Mr. Saul S. Myers for the petitioners in
support thereof, and by Mr. William E. Leahy, Mr. Edmund M.
Toland, and Mr. William J. Hughes, jr., for the respondents, in
opposition thereto.
No. 698. Arthur H. Vincent, petitioner, v. John P. McLaughlin,
Collector of Internal Revenue for the First District of California.
On petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court
of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit. Dismissed on motion of counsel
for the petitioner.
No. 5, original. The State of Wisconsin et al., complainants, v.
The State of Illinois et al.;
No. 8, original. The State of Michigan et al., complainants, v. The
State of Illinois et al.; and
1

MONDAY, MARCH 13, 1933
163
No. 9, original. The State of New York et al., complainants, v.
The State of Illinois. The report of the Special Master was pre-
sented and the Chief Justice announced the following order:
ORDER
The report of Edward F. McClennen, Esquire, as Special Master
in these causes, is received and ordered to be filed.
It is further ordered that these causes be assigned for argument
on the Report of the Special Master on Monday, April 17, next, at
the head of the call for that day, without the filing of exceptions, as
provided in the order herein entered December 19, 1932. Briefs for
the parties shall be filed on or before Monday, April 10; reply briefs,
if any, may be filed on or before the day of the argument.
No. 594. Peter Rossi and Edward Ehrett, petitioners, v. The
United States of America. Argued by Mr. Paul D. Miller for the
respondent and case submitted by Mr. Harry C. Heyl for the
petitioner.
No. 535. Transit Commission and The State of New York, appel-
lants, v. The United States of America et al. Argument commenced
by Mr. George H. Stover for the appellants.
Adjourned until to-morrow at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Tuesday, March 14, will be as follows: Nos. 535,
567, 653, 669, 683, 260, 517, and 547.

TUESDAY, MARCH 14, 1933
164
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: The Chief Justice, Mr. Justice Van Devanter, Mr.
Justice McReynolds, Mr. Justice Brandeis, Mr. Justice Sutherland,
Mr. Justice Butler, Mr. Justice Stone, Mr. Justice Roberts, and
Mr. Justice Cardozo.
Fred T. Maltby, of Richmond, Va.; Meyer J. Sawyer, of Boston,
Mass.; Jonathan Piper, of Concord, N. H.; Harlan T. Deupree, of
Oklahoma City, Okla.; and Patrick D. Scannell, of St. Paul, Minn.,
were admitted to practice.
No. 535. Transit Commission and The State of New York, appel-
lants, v. The United States of America, The Long Island Railroad
Co., et al. Argument continued by Mr. George H. Stover, for the
appellants; by Mr. John Lord O'Brian for the appellees, the United
States and the Interstate Commerce Commission; by Mr. Alfred A.
Gardiner for the appellees, the Pennsylvania R. R. Co., and Long
Island R. R. Co., and concluded by Mr. George H. Stover for the
appellants.
No. 567. The United States of America, appellant, v. Santos
Flores. Argued by Mr. Solicitor General Thacher for the appellant,
and by Mr. John V. Lovett, for the appellee.
No. 653. The United States of America, appellant, v. John G.
Darby. Argued by Mr. Whitney North Seymour for the appellant,
and by Mr. Lucien H. Mercier, for the appellee.
No. 669. Michael J. Healy, Chief of Police of the City of Man-
chester, New Hampshire, appellant, v. Louis D. Ratta. Argument
commenced by Mr. H. Thornton Lorimer for the appellant. The
Court declined to hear further argument.
No. 683. The United States of America v. Ada L. Burroughs and
James Cannon, jr. Argument commenced by Mr. Solicitor General
Thacher for the United States, and continued by Mr. Levi H. David
for Burrows and Cannon.
Adjourned until to-morrow at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Wednesday, March, 15, will be as follows: Nos.
683, 260, 517, and 547.
141905-33-62
☑

WEDNESDAY, MARCH 15, 1933
165
WEDNESDAY, MARCH 15, 1933
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: The Chief Justice, Mr. Justice Van Devanter, Mr. Justice.
McReynolds, Mr. Justice Brandeis, Mr. Justice Sutherland, Mr.
Justice Butler, Mr. Justice Stone, Mr. Justice Roberts, and Mr.
Justice Cardozo.
Alma Barry, of Milwaukee, Wis.; Russell R. Kramer, of Marys-
ville, Tenn.; Maxwell M. Mahany, of Tulsa, Okla.; Jno. Boyce
McKeel, of Ada, Okla.; and George Francis, of Independence, Calif.,
were admitted to practice.
No. 683. The United States of America v. Ada L. Burroughs and
James Cannon, jr. Argument continued by Mr. Robert H. McNeill
for Burroughs and Cannon, and concluded by Mr. Solicitor General
Thacher for the United States.
No. 260. Elizabeth Coyne, as Secretary of State of State of South
Dakota, et al., etc., appellants, v. Charles M. Prouty et al. Sub-
mitted by Mr. Edward E. Wagner for the appellants. No appear-
ance for the appellees.
No. 517. Public Service Commission of Wisconsin et al., etc.,
appellants, v. Wisconsin Telephone Company. Argued by Mr.
Alvin C. Reis for the appellants, and by Mr. Edwin S. Mack for the
appellee.
No. 547. Walter H. Gant et al., appellants, v. The City of Okla-
homa City et al. Argued by Mr. James S. Twyford for the appel-
lants and by Mr. Harlan T. Deupree for the appellees.
Adjourned until Monday next at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Monday, March 20, will be as follows: Nos. 559,
564, 571, 585 (and 586), 587, 589, 595, 601, 623, and 627.
141905-33-63
1

MONDAY, MARCH 20, 1933
166
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: The Chief Justice, Mr. Justice Van Devanter, Mr. Justice
McReynolds, Mr. Justice Brandeis, Mr. Justice Sutherland, Mr.
Justice Butler, Mr. Justice Stone, Mr. Justice Roberts, and Mr.
Justice Cardozo.
Horace B. Wulff, of Sacramento, Calif.; F. E. Parrack, of King-
wood, W. Va.; Arthur C. Huston, of Woodland, Calif.; George R.
Freeman, of Willows, Calif.; Morris Karon, of Milwaukee, Wis.;
Leland Hazard, of Kansas City, Mo.; and J. F. T. O'Connor, of
Los Angeles, Calif., were admitted to practice.
No. 293. First National Bank of Shreveport, Louisiana, Com-
mercial National Bank of Shreveport, Louisiana, et al., appellants, v.
Louisiana Tax Commission, T. R. Hughes, Sheriff and Ex-officio
Tax Collector of Caddo Parish, Louisiana, et al. Appeal from the
Supreme Court of the State of Louisiana. Judgment affirmed with
costs. Opinion by Mr. Justice Brandeis.
No. 538. Board of Trustees of the University of Illinois, petitioner,
v. The United States of America. On writ of certiorari to the United
States Court of Customs and Patent Appeals. Judgment affirmed
and cause remanded to the said Court of Customs and Patent Ap-
peals. Opinion by Mr. Chief Justice Hughes.
The Chief Justice said:
"The orders of the Court appear upon the list certified to by the
Chief Justice and filed with the Clerk and will not be announced
orally."
No. 669. Michael J. Healy, Chief of Police of the City of Man-
chester, New Hampshire, appellant, v. Louis D. Ratta. Appeal
from the District Court of the United States for the District of New
Hampshire. Per curiam: The appeal herein is dismissed for the want
of jurisdiction, as it appears from the supplemental record and was
admitted at the bar that the application for interlocutory injunction
was not pressed but was waived, and there is therefore no ground
for an appeal to this Court. Smith v. Wilson, 273 U. S. 388, 391;
Stratton v. St. Louis Southwestern Ry. Co., 282 U. S. 10, 15.
141905-33-64

MONDAY, MARCH 20, 1933
167
No. original Ex parte: Arthur T. La Prade, petitioner. A
rule is directed to issue to the Hon. Curtis D. Wilbur, Judge of the
United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit, to
the Hon. Fred C. Jacobs, Judge of the District Court of the United
States for the District of Arizona, and to the Hon. Adolphus F. St.
Sure, Judge of the District Court of the United States for the North-
ern District of California, sitting as a specially constituted District
Court of the United States for the District of Arizona, directing
them to show cause, by printed return on or before Monday, April 10
next, why leave to file the petition for writ of prohibition and writ
of mandamus should not be granted in the above-entitled matter as
prayed. The cause is assigned for argument on Monday, April 17
next; briefs for the parties shall be filed on or before the day of the
argument. It is further ordered that all proceedings against the
above-named petitioner in the specially constituted District Court
be, and they are hereby, stayed; and that the respondents be, and
they are hereby, directed to continue the term of the said District
Court pending final determination of this application in this Court.
No. 11, original. The Commonwealth of Kentucky, complainant,
v. The State of Indiana, et al. Report No. 6 of the defendant, State
of Indiana, is received and ordered filed.
No. 20, original. The State of Wisconsin, complainant, v. The
State of Michigan. Defendant's answer to affirmative allegations
of complainant's reply is received and ordered filed.
No. 260. Elizabeth Coyne, as Secretary of State of the State of
South Dakota, et al., etc., appellants, v. Charles M. Prouty, Charles
E. Renaux, et al. A rule is directed to issue to the appellants in this
case to show cause, on or before Monday, April 17th next, why the
decree of the specially constituted District Court entered herein
should not be vacated and the cause remanded to that court with
directions to dismiss the case as moot.
No. 585. Royal Indemnity Company et al., petitioners, v. Ameri-
can Bond & Mortgage Company; and
No. 586. Royal Indemnity Company et al., petitioners, v. Ameri-
can Bond & Mortgage Company. Further consideration of the
motion for injunction herein is postponed to the hearing of the
cases on their merits.
No. 760. Aaron Mintz et al., etc., appellants, v. Charles H. Bald-
win, Individually, etc. In this case probable jurisdiction is noted.
The joint motion to advance is granted and the case is assigned for
argument on Monday, April 10th next, after the cases heretofore
assigned for that day.

MONDAY, MARCH 20, 1933
168
No. 693. John Factor, petitioner, v. H. C. W. Laubenheimer,
United States Marshal, et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Seventh Circuit
granted and the case assigned for argument on Monday, April 17th
next after the case heretofore assigned for that day.
No. 711. Benjamin F. Johnson, petitioner, v. Manhattan Railway
Company, et al.; and
No. 721. Lillian Boehm, petitioner, v. Manhattan Railway Com-
pany, et al. Petitions for writs of certiorari to the United States
Circuit Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit granted and the
cases assigned for argument on Monday, April 17th next after the
cases heretofore assigned for that day.
No. 675. George Moore Ice Cream Company, Inc., petitioner, v.
J. T. Rose, Collector of Internal Revenue for the District of Georgia.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of
Appeals for the Fifth Circuit granted.
No. 748. Interstate Commerce Commission, petitioner, v. The
United States of America, on the relation of J. C. Campbell, et al.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals of the District
of Columbia granted.
No. 592. Standard Lumber Company, Addison L. Gardner, jr.,
et al., petitioners, v. Florida Industrial Company, The Barnett
National Bank of Jacksonville, as Trustee. Petition for writ of
certiorari to the Supreme Court of the State of Florida denied.
No. 615. J. Jacob Krause, petitioner, v. The United States;
No. 616. J. Henry Krause, petitioner, v. The United States; and
No. 617. John O. Krause, petitioner, v. The United States. Peti-
tion for writs of certiorari to the Court of Claims denied.
No. 676. E. E. Tolman, H. D. Nusbaum, E. R. Winn, et al., etc.,
petitioners, v. Clark County Drainage District et al. Petition for
writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for
the Seventh Circuit denied.
No. 678. Fred E. Turner and Gunter M. Turner, petitioners, v.
Effie T. Kirkwood. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United
States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Tenth Circuit denied.
No. 689. S. O. Pottorff, Receiver of The First National Bank of
El Paso, Texas, petitioner, v. The Underwriters at Lloyds, America
et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit
Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 690. Chicago and Western Indiana Railroad Company and
Chicago and Eastern Illinois Railway Company, petitioners, v.
Hazel Armstrong, Administratrix of the Estate of George J. Arm-
1

MONDAY, MARCH 20, 1933
169
strong, deceased. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme
Court of the State of Illinois denied.
No. 692. United States ex rel. Clifton Manufacturing Company,
petitioner, v. David Burnet, Commissioner of Internal Revenue.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals of the District
of Columbia denied.
No. 696. Alexander Chessin, petitioner, v. Thomas E. Robertson,
Commissioner of Patents. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
1 Court of Appeals of the District of Columbia denied.
No. 699. Charles E. Richter and First National Bank of Laredo,
petitioners, v. Laredo National Bank and W. W. Collier, Receiver of
First National Bank of Laredo. Petition for writ of certiorari to
the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit
denied.
No. 700. John G. Sullivan, petitioner, v. Moses Kohn. Petition
for writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals
for the Second Circuit denied.
No. 702. J. K. Hughes Oil Company, petitioner, v. James W. Bass,
Collector of Internal Revenue. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 704. James C. Ayer, et al., etc., petitioners, v. Thomas W.
White, Collector of Internal Revenue. Petition for writ of certiorari
to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the First Circuit
denied.
No. 709. Jack Cleary, petitioner, v. The United States of America;
and
No. 710. Pete Chavez, petitioner, v. The United States of America.
Petition for writs of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court
of Appeals for the Tenth Circuit denied.
No. 715. American Safety Razor Corporation, petitioner, v. Frings
Brothers Company. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United
States Court of Appeals for the Third Circuit denied.
No. 727. Laredo National Bank, petitioner, v. Bernard Gordon.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court
of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit denied.
The Chief Justice announced the following order:
ORDER
The Court will take a recess from Monday, March 27, to Monday,
April 10 next.
i
'

MONDAY, MARCH 20, 1933
170
No. 504. Appalachian Coals, Incorporated, et al., appellants, v.
The United States of America. Mandate granted on motion of Mr.
E. C. Alvord in behalf of counsel for appellants.
-
No. Oliver W. Toll, petitioner, v. George W. Casey, et al.
Motion to diminish the record submitted by Mr. Robert Ash in be-
half of counsel for the petitioner.
No. 741. Ralston Purina Company, petitioner, v. The United
States. Motion for leave to file amendment to petition for certiorari
submitted by Mr. Wm. Cogger for the petitioner.
No. 559. City of Harrisonville, Missouri, petitioner, v. W. S.
Dickey Clay Manufacturing Company. Argued by Mr. Raymond
G. Barnett for the petitioner, and by Mr. Leland Hazard for the
respondent.
No. 564. F. E. Buffum, as Trustee in Bankruptcy of Henry Joseph
Barceloux, Bankrupt, petitioner, v. Peter Barceloux Company.
Argument commenced by Mr. Horace B. Wulff for the petitioner,
and continued by Mr. Arthur C. Huston for the respondent.
Adjourned until tomorrow at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Tuesday, March 21, will be as follows: Nos. 564,
571, 585 (and 586), 587, 589, 595, 601, 623, 627, and 643.

TUESDAY, MARCH 21, 1933
171
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: The Chief Justice, Mr. Justice Van Devanter, Mr. Jus-
tice McReynolds, Mr. Justice Brandeis, Mr. Justice Sutherland, Mr.
Justice Butler, Mr. Justice Stone, Mr. Justice Roberts, and Mr.
Justice Cardozo.
Consuelo B. Northrop, of Burlington. Vt.; Bernard J. Gallagher,
of Washington, D. C.; Deneen A. Watson, of Springfield, Ill.; John
E. Tarrant, of Louisville, Ky.; James Yearsley, of Philadelphia.
Pa.; Samuel Levin, of Chicago, Ill.; Donald A. Wallace, of Detroit.
Mich.; Samuel E. Bracegirdle, of Detroit, Mich.; J. Roland Kinzer,
of Lancaster, Pa.; and Augustus I. Hasskarl, of Lincoln, Nebr., were
admitted to practice.
No. 564. F. E. Buffum, as Trustee in Bankruptcy of Henry Joseph
Barceloux, Bankrupt, petitioner, v. Peter Barceloux Company.
Argument continued by Mr. Arthur C. Huston for the respondent,
and concluded by Mr. George R. Freeman for the petitioner.
No. 571. William H. Edelman, State Treasurer, et al., petitioners,
v. Boeing Air Transport, Inc. Argument commenced by Mr. James
A. Greenwood for the petitioners; continued by Mr. Wm. M. Allen
for the respondent; and concluded by Mr. George W. Ferguson for
the petitioners.
No. 585. Royal Indemnity Company et al., petitioners, v. Ameri-
can Bond & Mortgage Company; and
No. 586. Royal Indemnity Company et al., petitioners, v. Ameri-
can Bond & Mortgage Company. Argued by Mr. Selden Bacon for
the petitioners, and by Mr. William E. Leahy for the respondent.
Adjourned until tomorrow at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Wednesday, March 22, will be as follows: Nos.
587, 589, 595, 601, 623, 627, and 643.
141905-33-
-65
☑

WEDNESDAY, MARCH 22, 1933
172
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: The Chief Justice, Mr. Justice Van Devanter, Mr. Justice
McReynolds, Mr. Justice Brandeis, Mr. Justice Sutherland, Mr.
Justice Butler, Mr. Justice Stone, Mr. Justice Roberts, and Mr.
Justice Cardozo.
Leonard Ferris Martin, of Chicago, Ill.; Lewis C. Jesseph, of
Chicago, Ill.; Philip B. Whitaker, of Chattanooga, Tenn.; William
T. Powell, of Walters, Okla.; Joseph A. Giovannoni, of Washing-
ton, D. C.; Hugo S. Bagnulo, of Boston, Mass.; Brockenbrough
Lamb, of Richmond, Va.; Joseph F. Hall, of Richmond, Va.; and
Harry A. Lider, of New Bedford, Mass., were admitted to practice.
No. 587. Consolidated Textile Corporation, appellant, v. John J.
Gregory, Judge of the Circuit Court of Milwaukee County. Argued
by Mr. Eldon Bisbee for the appellant, and by Mr. Morris Karon
for the appellee.
No. 589. Harry J. Mortensen, as Commissioner of Insurance of the
State of Wisconsin, appellant, v. Security Insurance Company.
Argument commenced by Mr. J. E. Messerschmidt for the appellant.
The Court declined to hear further argument.
No. 595. Mrs. Fannie E. Lang, petitioner, v. Commissioner of
Internal Revenue. Argued by Mr. Washington Bowie, jr., for the
petitioner, and by Mr. Whitney North Seymour for the respondent.
No. 601. Mabel G. Reinecke, formerly Collector of Internal Rev-
enue, etc., petitioner, v. Kenneth G. Smith, and Foreman State Trust
and Savings Bank, Executors, etc. Argument commenced by Mr.
Edwin N. Griswold for the petitioner.
Adjourned until tomorrow at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Thursday, March 23, will be as follows: Nos. 601,
623, 627, and 643.
141905-33-66
☑

THURSDAY, MARCH 23, 1933
173
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: The Chief Justice, Mr. Justice Van Devanter, Mr. Jus-
tice McReynolds, Mr. Justice Brandeis, Mr. Justice Sutherland,
Mr. Justice Butler, Mr. Justice Stone, Mr. Justice Roberts, and
Mr. Justice Cardozo.
Edward A. Zimmerman, of Chicago, Ill.; Hiram M. Dow, of Ros-
well, N. Mex.; Wendell W. McCanles, of Los Angeles, Calif.; Harry
W. Blair, of Joplin, Mo.; Myron G. Blalock, of Marshall, Tex.;
Paul F. Good, of Lincoln, Nebr.; and Thomas J. Kelly, of Dayton,
Ohio, were admitted to practice.
No. 601. Mabel G. Reinecke, formerly Collector of Internal Reve-
nue, etc., petitioner, v. Kenneth G. Smith, and Foreman State Trust
and Savings Bank, Executors, etc. Argument continued by Mr.
Erwin N. Griswold for the petitioner, and concluded by Mr. Albert
L. Hopkins for the respondents.
No. 623. American Car and Foundry Company, petitioner, v. H.
A. Brassert. Argument commenced by Mr. L. F. Martin for the
petitioner; continued by Mr. Lewis C. Jesseph for the respondent;
and concluded by Mr. Paul R. Conaghan for the petitioner.
No. 627. Public Service Commission of Montana, et al., etc., ap-
pellants, v. Great Northern Utilities Company. Argument com-
menced by Mr. Francis A. Silver for the appellants, and continued
by Mr. M. S. Gunn for the appellee.
Adjourned until to-morrow at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Friday, March 24, will be as follows: Nos.
627 and 643.
141905-33-67
x

FRIDAY, MARCH 24, 1933
174
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: The Chief Justice, Mr. Justice Van Devanter, Mr. Justice
McReynolds, Mr. Justice Brandeis, Mr. Justice Sutherland, Mr.
Justice Butler, Mr. Justice Stone, Mr. Justice Roberts, and Mr.
Justice Cardozo.
Sylvia Deane, of Washington, D. C., and Archie R. McCrady, of
South Bend, Ind., were admitted to practice.
1.
No. 627. Public Service Commission of Montana et al., etc., appel-
lants, v. Great Northern Utilities Company. Argument concluded
by Mr. E. G. Toomey for the appellees.
No. 643. Charles Young, appellant, v. Anthony Masci. Argued
by Mr. Daniel Thew Wright for the appellant, and by Mr. Samuel
Kaufman for the appellee.
Adjourned until Monday, March 27 next, at 12 o'clock.
141905 33 68
Х

MONDAY, MARCH 27, 1933
175
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: The Chief Justice, Mr. Justice Van Devanter, Mr. Justice
Brandeis, Mr. Justice Sutherland, Mr. Justice Butler, Mr. Justice
Stone, Mr. Justice Roberts, and Mr. Justice Cardozo.
Henry Roberts, of Bristol, Va.; Alfonso Everette MacIntyre, of
Greensboro, N. C.; Chas. E. Shreve, of Washington, D. C.; John
P. Sorenson, of Chicago, Ill.; Donovan R. Divet, of Fargo, N. Dak.;
Adam Heronim Rudzinski, of Milwaukee, Wis.; John C. McDermott,
of New York City; C. Elmer Spedick, of Brooklyn, N. Y.; Chet A.
Keyes, of Kansas City, Mo.; Martin I. Welsh, of Sacramento, Calif.;
Dwight L. Savage, of Fayetteville, Ark.; J. E. McCadden, of Mem-
phis, Tenn.; and Louis C. Wurzer, of Detroit, Mich., were admitted
to practice.
No. 364. St. Louis Southwestern Railway Company, petitioner, v.
Missouri Pacific Railroad Company. On writ of certiorari to the
Supreme Court of the State of Arkansas. Judgment affirmed with
costs. Opinion by Mr. Justice Brandeis.
No. 516. J. T. Roberts, appellant, v. Richland Irrigation District
et al., etc. Appeal from the Supreme Court of the State of Wash-
ington. Decree affirmed with costs. Opinion by Mr. Justice Mc-
Reynolds announced by Mr. Chief Justice Hughes. Mr. Justice
Sutherland took no part in the consideration or decision of this case.
No. 517. Public Service Commission of Wisconsin, Theodore
Kronshage, jr., Individually and as a Commissioner of said Public
Service Commission of Wisconsin, et al., etc., appellants, v. Wiscon-
sin Telephone Company. Appeal from the District Court of the
United States for the Western District of Wisconsin. Decree vacated
with costs, and cause remanded to the District Court, as specially
constituted, for findings and conclusions appropriate to a decision
upon the application for an interlocutory injunction, the temporary
restraining order to remain in force pending that determination.
Opinion by Mr. Chief Justice Hughes.
The Chief Justice said:
66
The orders of the Court appear upon the list certified to by the
Chief Justice and filed with the Clerk and will not be announced
orally."
141905-33-69

1
MONDAY, MARCH 27, 1933
176
No. 2, original. State of Vermont, complainant, v. The State of
New Hampshire. Pursuant to stipulation of counsel for the parties
herein, it is ordered that the time for the filing of brief for complain-
ant in this cause be, and it is hereby, extended to and including
Monday, April 10 next; that reply brief for the defendant may be
filed on or before Monday, April 17 next; and that this cause is
reassigned for argument on Thursday, April 20 next, at the head
of the call for that day.
No. 589. Harry J. Mortensen, as Commissioner of Insurance of
the State of Wisconsin, appellant, v. Security Insurance Company.
Appeal from the District Court of the United States for the Western
District of Wisconsin. Per curiam: Decree affirmed. Terral v.
Burke Construction Co., 257 U. S. 529; Prudential Insurance Co. v.
Cheek, 259 U. S. 530, 544; National Fire Insurance Co. v. Wanberg,
260 U. S. 71, 75; Fidelity & Deposit Co. v. Tafoya, 270 U. S. 426, 434;
Hanover Fire Insurance Co. v. Harding, 272 U. S. 494, 507.
Mr. Justice Brandeis dissents upon the authority of Doyle v.
Continental Insurance Co., 94 U. S. 535, and Security Mutual Life
Insurance Co. v. Prewitt, 202 U. S. 246.
No. 733. The Public Service Commission of Indiana, John W.
McCardle, Howell Ellis, et al., appellants, v. Northern Indiana
Public Service Company. Appeal from the District Court of the
United States for the Northern District of Indiana. Per curiam:
The decree of the District Court granting interlocutory injunction
herein is vacated and the cause is remanded to the District Court,
as specially constituted, for findings and conclusions appropriate to
a decision upon the application for an interlocutory injunction, the
temporary restraining order to remain in force pending that deter-
mination. Public Service Commission of Wisconsin v. Wisconsin
Telephone Co., 288 U. S. - (decided March 27th, 1933).
No. 780. Peter Antonoplos, appellant, v. John Eichleay, Jr., Com-
pany and William J. Herbster, Trustee. Appeal from the Supreme
Court of the State of Pennsylvania. Per curiam: The appeal herein
is dismissed for the want of a substantial Federal question. Von
Hoffman v. City of Quincy, 4 Wall. 535, 550; Gunn v. Barry, 15.
Wall. 610, 623; Hendrickson v. Apperson, 245 U. S. 105, 112; Equi-
table Life Assurance Society v. Brown, 187 U. S. 308, 311; Wabash
Ry. Co. v. Flannigan, 192 U. S. 29; Wick v. Chelan Electric Co., 280
U. S. 108, 111.
No. 754. Ida Dunkell, Administratrix of the Estate of John Ken-
neth Dunkell, deceased, petitioner, v. Pennsylvania Railroad Com-
pany. On petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Common

1
MONDAY, MARCH 27, 1933
177
Pleas of Philadelphia County, State of Pennsylvania. The motion
for leave to proceed further herein in forma pauperis is denied for
the reason that the Court, upon examination of the record herein
submitted, finds no ground upon which a writ of certiorari should
be issued. The petition for writ of certiorari is therefore also
denied.
No. 775. Ammie Henderson, Individually and as next Friend of
Ruby Lee Henderson, et al., minors, petitioner, v. Maryland Casualty
Company. On petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Circuit Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit. The motion for
leave to proceed further herein in forma pauperis is denied, for the
reason that the Court, upon examination of the unprinted record
herein submitted, finds no ground upon which a writ of certiorari
should be issued. The petition for writ of certiorari is therefore
also denied.
No. 787. Wesley D. Manley, petitioner, v. W. H. Fisher, United
States Attorney Wilmington, N. C. On petition for writ of cer-
tiorari to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Fourth
Circuit. The motion for leave to proceed further herein in forma
pauperis is denied, for the reason that the Court, upon examination
of the unprinted record herein submitted, finds no ground upon
which a writ of certiorari should be issued. The petition for writ
of certiorari is therefore also denied.
No. 788. George Williams, petitioner, v. New York Central Rail-
road Company, Inc. On petition for writ of certiorari to the
Supreme Court of the State of New York. The motion for leave to
proceed further herein in forma pauperis is denied, for the reason
that the Court, upon examination of the record herein submitted,
finds no ground upon which a writ of certiorari should be issued.
The petition for writ of certiorari is therefore also denied.
-
No. Oliver W. Toll, petitioner, v. George W. Casey, et al., etc.
Upon consideration of the motion to diminish the record herein sub-
mitted, leave is granted to print a record pursuant to designations to
be filed by counsel for the respective parties.
No. 779. Central Kentucky Natural Gas Company, appellant, v.
Railroad Commission of Kentucky, et al. In this case probable ju-
risdiction is noted.
No. 685. The State of South Carolina, petitioner, v. Ray Bailey,
alias Ray Keith. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme
Court of the State of North Carolina granted.
No. 701. Angelo Quercia, petitioner, v. The United States of
America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Cir-
cuit Court of Appeals for the First Circuit granted.

MONDAY, MARCH 27, 1933
178
No. 718. Conrad, Rubin & Lesser, petitioners, v. Horace G. Pender,
Trustee in Bankruptcy. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United
States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit granted.
No. 724. The United States of America, ex rel. Anthony Volpe,
petitioner, v. S. D. Smith, District Director of Immigration. Peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of Ap-
peals for the Seventh Circuit granted.
No. 767. Harold L. Ickes, Secretary of the Interior, petitioner, v.
United States of America, ex rel. Chestatee Pyrites & Chemical Cor-
poration. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals of
the District of Columbia granted.
No. 791. Irenee du Pont, petitioner, v. Commissioner of Internal
Revenue. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit
Court of Appeals for the Third Circuit granted.
No. 792. David Burnet, Commissioner of Internal Revenue, peti-
tioner, v. Frederick B. Wells. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Eighth Circuit
granted.
No. 686. Revenue Oil Company, petitioner, v. The United States.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Claims denied.
No. 688. Narcisso Luchessi, petitioner, v. Luther Weedin, as
Commissioner of Immigration at the Port of Seattle, Washington.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of
Appeals for the Ninth Circuit denied.
No. 695. Jack Pleva, Harry Rubinfeld, and Nathan Silver, et al.,
petitioners, v. George Z. Medalie, as United States Attorney for the
Southern District of New York. Petition for writ of certiorari to
the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit
denied.
No. 705. Stanolind Oil and Gas Company, petitioner, v. Mrs. N. A.
Brown. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit
Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 706. Frank Buttram, petitioner, v. Gray County, Texas, et al.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of
Appeals for the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 707. Sam Steinberg, alias Joseph Smith, etc., petitioner, v.
The United States of America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit
denied.
No. 712. The Erie Railroad Company, petitioner, v. Cora E. Line,
Executrix of the Estate of Charles Homer Line, deceased. Petition

MONDAY, MARCH 27, 1933
179
for writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals
for the Sixth Circuit denied.
No. 713. Fritz Worm, petitioner, v. Commissioner of Internal
Revenue. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit
Court of Appeals for the Seventh Circuit denied.
No. 717. John W. Haussermann, petitioner, v. David Burnet,
Commissioner of Internal Revenue. Petition for writ of certiorari
to the Court of Appeals of the District of Columbia denied.
No. 719. Missouri Pacific Railroad Company, petitioner, v. Bose
McMahen. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of
the State of Arkansas denied.
No. 720. Lloyd Royal Belge Societe Anonyme, petitioner, v. Philip
☐ Elting, Collector of Customs of the Port of New York. Petition
for writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals.
for the Second Circuit denied.
No. 723. Direction Der Discoto Gesellschaft, a Legal Entity of
Bremen, Germany, et al., petitioners, v. William H. Sprunt, Walter
P. Sprunt, James Laurence Sprunt, et al. Petition for writ of cer-
tiorari to the Court of Appeals of the District of Columbia denied.
No. 725. Emil Louviers, petitioner, v. The United States of Amer-
ica. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit
Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit denied.
No. 726. Burr Creamery Corporation, petitioner, v. Commissioner
of Internal Revenue. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United
States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit denied.
No. 737. Clarence H. Howard, Jr., and Minnie Morey Howard,
Executors, etc., et al., petitioners, v. A. F. Howe. Petition for writ
of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the
Seventh Circuit denied.
No. 743. John U. Gardiner, petitioner, v. Washington Loan and
Trust Company et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of
Appeals of the District of Columbia denied.
No. 744. Commercial Casualty Insurance Company, petitioner, v.
Charles E. Lawhead, Receiver of Clarksburg Trust Company. Peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of
Appeals for the Fourth Circuit denied.
No. 691. C. M. Patten & Company and Grace M. Wilder, peti-
tioners, v. The United States of America. Consideration of peti-
tion for writ of certiorari deferred for two weeks on motion of Mr.
Solicitor General Thacher for the respondent.

,
MONDAY, MARCH 27, 1933
180
No. original. Ex Parte: Dominick Caparrotta, petitioner.
Motion for leave to file petition for writ of mandamus and for leave
to proceed in forma pauperis therein submitted by Mr. Jesse C. Duke
for the petitioner.
No. 677. The United States of America, on relation of Lucien H.
Greathouse et al., petitioners, v. Patrick J. Hurley, as Secretary of
War et al. George H. Dern, as Secretary of War, substituted as a
party respondent in place of Patrick J. Hurley, on motion of Mr.
Fontaine Bradley for the petitioners.
Adjourned until Monday, April 10 next at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Monday, April 10, will be as follows: Nos.
18 original, 760, 626, 634, 657 (658, 659, and 660), 677, 680
(681 and 682), 728, 729 (and 730), and 675.
Х
th

MONDAY, APRIL 10, 1933
181
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: The Chief Justice, Mr. Justice Van Devanter, Mr. Justice
McReynolds, Mr. Justice Brandeis, Mr. Justice Sutherland, Mr.
Justice Butler, Mr. Justice Stone, Mr. Justice Roberts, and Mr.
Justice Cardozo.
De Voe Tomlinson, of Newark, N.J.; Oscar A. Brown, of Colum-
bus, Ohio; Francis J. Wright, of Columbus, Ohio; Cecil W. Rotzell,
of Camden, N.J.; Albert E. Scheflen, of Camden, N.J.; George H.
Rosenstein, of Newark, N.J.; Daniel W. O'Donoghue, Jr., of Wash-
ington, D.C.; Kenneth W. Greenawalt, of New York City; Simon J.
Griffinger, of Newark, N.J.; Frank Hier, of Cincinnati, Ohio; Kath-
erine G. Learson, of Boston, Mass.; Howard C. Gilmer, of Pulaski,
Va.; Charles Franklin, of New York City; and Robert L. Holliday,
of El Paso, Texas, were admitted to practice.
No. 653. The United States of America, appellant, v. John G.
Darby. Appeal from the District Court of the United States for the
District of Maryland. Judgment reversed, and cause remanded to
the said District Court for further proceedings in conformity with
the opinion of this Court. Opinion by Mr. Justice Cardozo.
No. 564. F. E. Buffum, as Trustee in Bankruptcy of Henry Joseph
Barceloux, Bankrupt, petitioner, v. Peter Barceloux Company. On
writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for
the Ninth Circuit. Decree of the Circuit Court of Appeals reversed
with costs, and the decree of the District Court modified, and as
modified affirmed, and cause remanded to the District Court of the
United States for the Northern District of California for further
proceedings in conformity with the opinion of this Court. Opinion
by Mr. Justice Cardozo.
No. 683. The United States of America v. Ada L. Burroughs and
James Cannon, Jr. On certificate from the Court of Appeals of
the District of Columbia. Both questions answered in the affirma-
tive. Opinion by Mr. Justice Roberts. Mr. Justice Cardozo con-
curs in the result.
No. 585. Royal Indemnity Company, Parkes D. Wendell, Charles.
T. Trigg, et al., petitioners, v. American Bond & Mortgage Com-
pany; and
141905-33-70

ia
MONDAY, APRIL 10, 1933
182
No. 586. Royal Indemnity Company, Parkes D. Wendell, Charles
T. Trigg, et al., petitioners, v. American Bond & Mortgage Com-
pany. On writs of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of
Appeals for the Seventh Circuit. Decrees affirmed with costs, and
cases remanded to the District Court of the United States for the
Northern District of Illinois. Opinion by Mr. Justice Roberts.
No. 601. Mabel G. Reinecke, Formerly Collector of Internal Rev-
enue for the First District of Illinois, petitioner, v. Kenneth G.
Smith and Foreman State Trust and Savings Bank, Executors of
the will of Douglas Smith. On writ of certiorari to the United
States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Seventh Circuit. Judgment
reversed with costs, and cause remanded to the District Court of the
United States for the Northern District of Illinois for further pro-
ceedings in conformity with the opinion of this Court. Opinion
by Mr. Justice Roberts.
No. 316. The United States of America, petitioner, v. Dubilier
Condenser Corporation;
No. 317. The United States of America, petitioner, v. Dubilier
Condenser Corporation; and
No. 318. The United States of America, petitioner, v. Dubilier
Condenser Corporation. On writs of certiorari to the United States
Circuit Court of Appeals for the Third Circuit. Decrees affirmed,
and cases remanded to the District Court of the United States for
the District of Delaware. Opinion by Mr. Justice Roberts. Dis-
senting opinion by Mr. Justice Stone in which Mr. Justice Cardozo
concurs. Mr. Chief Justice Hughes dissents.
No. 567. The United States of America, appellant, v. Santos
Flores. Appeal from the District Court of the United States for
the Eastern District of Pennsylvania. Judgment reversed and
cause remanded to said District Court for further proceedings in
conformity with the opinion of this Court. Opinion by Mr. Justice
Stone.
No. 499. The Moffat Tunnel League and Uintah Basin Railroad
League, appellants, v. The United States of America, Interstate
Commerce Commission, the Denver and Rio Grande Western Rail-
road Company, et al. Appeal from the District Court of the United
States for the District of Delaware. Decree affirmed. Opinion by
Mr. Justice Butler.
No. 535. Transit Commission and The State of New York, appel-
lants, v. The United States of America, The Long Island Railroad
Company, The Pennsylvania Railroad Company, and the Interstate
Commerce Commission. Appeal from the District Court of the
United States for the Southern District of New York. Decree
affirmed. Opinion by Mr. Justice Butler.
1
1

MONDAY, APRIL 10, 1933
183
No. 627. Public Service Commission of Montana, Tom Stout,
Thomas E. Carey, et al., etc., appellants, v. Great Northern Utilities
Company. Appeal from the District Court of the United States for
the District of Montana. Decree reversed with costs, and cause
remanded to the said District Court for further proceedings in con-
formity with the opinion of this Court. Opinion by Mr. Justice
Butler.
No. 547. Walter H. Gant, Knox L. Garvin, and A. D. Hudspeth,
appellants, v. The City of Oklahoma City and J. W. Van Meter,
Superintendent of Buildings. Appeal from the Supreme Court of
the State of Oklahoma. Judgment affirmed with costs. Opinion by
Mr. Justice Sutherland.
No. 423. Levering & Garrigues Company, Hedden Iron Construc-
tion Company, McClintic-Marshall Company, et al., petitioners, v.
Paul J. Morrin, Individually and as President of International Asso-
ciation of Bridge, Structural, and Ornamental Iron Workers, et al.
On writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals
for the Second Circuit. Decree affirmed with costs, and cause re-
manded to the District Court of the United States for the Southern
District of New York. Opinion by Mr. Justice Sutherland.
No. 595. Mrs. Fannie E. Lang, petitioner, v. Commissioner of In-
ternal Revenue. On writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit
Court of Appeals for the Fourth Circuit. Judgment affirmed, and
cause remanded to the said Circuit Court of Appeals. Opinion by
Mr. Justice Sutherland.
No. 395. C. A. Bradley, Doing Business as Wolverine Motor
Freight Lines, appellant, v. The Public Utilities Commission of
Ohio. Appeal from the Supreme Court of the State of Ohio.
Judgment affirmed with costs. Opinion by Mr. Justice Brandeis.
No. 587. Consolidated Textile Corporation, appellant, v. John J.
Gregory, Judge of the Circuit Court of Milwaukee County. Appeal
from the Supreme Court of the State of Wisconsin. Judgment re-
versed with costs, and cause remanded to the said Supreme Court
for further proceedings not inconsistent with the opinion of this
Court. Opinion by Mr. Justice McReynolds.
No. 594. Peter Rossi and Edward Ehrett, petitioners, v. The
United States of America. On writ of certiorari to the United
States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Seventh Circuit. Judgment
affirmed, and cause remanded to the District Court of the United
States for the Southern District of Illinois. Opinion by Mr. Justice
McReynolds.

MONDAY, APRIL 10, 1933
The Chief Justice said:
184
"The orders of the Court appear upon the list certified to by the
Chief Justice and filed with the Clerk and will not be announced
orally."
--
No. In re Ralph C. Davis. A rule is ordered to issue return-
able on Monday, April 17 next, requiring Ralph C. Davis, of Pitts-
burgh, Pennsylvania, a member of the Bar of this Court, to show
cause why he should not be disbarred for conduct unbecoming a mem-
ber of the Bar of this Court.
No. 790. Concordia Fire Insurance Company, appellant, v. The
People of the State of Illinois. Further consideration of the ques-
tion of the jurisdiction of this Court in this case, and of the motion
to dismiss or affirm, is postponed to the hearing of the case on the
merits.
No. 784. Charles N. Bevan, appellant, v. David M. Krieger, as
Sheriff of Lucas County, Ohio;
No. 785. John W. Koehrman, appellant, v. David M. Krieger, as
Sheriff of Lucas County, Ohio; and
No. 786. Robert A. Stranahan, appellant, v. David M. Krieger, as
Sheriff of Lucas County, Ohio. Further consideration of the ques-
tion of the jurisdiction of this Court in these cases is postponed to
the hearing of the cases on the merits and they are assigned for
argument on Monday, May 8th next.
No. 732. Richard Reid Rogers, petitioner, v. George W. Hill,
A. C. Mower, Charles A. Penn, et al. Petition for writ of certiorari
to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Second Cir-
cuit granted.
No. 734. Krauss Bros. Lumber Company, petitioner, v. Dimon
Steamship Corporation, Claimant of the Steamship "Pacific Cedar",
her engines, etc. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Circuit Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit granted.
No. 735. John H. Leighton, James A. McPherson, Sue P. Leigh-
ton, et al., petitioners, v. The United States of America. Petition
for writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals
for the Ninth Circuit granted.
No. 736. Ivan E. Oakes, petitioner, v. Ben Lake, as Sheriff of
Owyhee County, Idaho. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit
granted.
No. 752. Sinclair Refining Company, petitioner, v. Jenkins Petro-
leum Process Company. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the First Circuit granted.
7

MONDAY, APRIL 10, 1933
185
No. 703. The Puerto Rico Railway, Light & Power Company, peti-
tioner, v. Rosa Julia Miranda. On petition for writ of certiorari
to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the First Circuit.
The petition for writ of certiorari in this case is denied, upon the
ground that the question presented is one of local law of Puerto
Rico. Cardona v. Quinones, 240 U.S. 83, 88; Diaz v. Gonzalez, 261
U.S. 102, 105, 106; Cami v. Central Victoria, Ltd., 268 U.S. 469, 470;
American Trading Co. v. Heacock Co., 285 U.S. 247, 261.
No. 781. Tom Salmon, petitioner, v. The United States of America.
On petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court
of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit. The petition for writ of certiorari
in this case is denied, upon the ground that the application for the
writ was not made within the time provided by law. Section 8 (a),
Act of February 13, 1925, 43 Stat. 936, 940 (U.S. Code, Title 28,
Sec. 350).
No. 741. Ralston Purina Company, petitioner, v. The United
States. On petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Claims.
The motion to amend petition for writ of certiorari in this case is
granted. The petition for writ of certiorari is denied.
No. 714. Rupert P. Ricker, petitioner, v. A. B. Shurter and E. D.
Shurter. Petition for, writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit
Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 722. Edna S. Singles, petitioner, v. The United States. Peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the Court of Claims denied.
No. 731. C. M. Root and Fidelity and Deposit Company of Mary-
land, petitioners, v. The United States of America. Petition for
writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for
the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 738. Walter Cravens, petitioner, v. The United States of
America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit
Court of Appeals for the Eighth Circuit denied.
No. 739. Fidelity Storage Company, David B. Karrick, and Harry
S. Plager, petitioners, v. Mary A. Jaques. Petition for writ of
certiorari to the Court of Appeals of the District of Columbia denied.
No. 740. Joseph Coudon, petitioner, v. Galen L. Tait, Collector of
Internal Revenue for the District of Maryland. Petition for writ
of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the
Fourth Circuit denied.
No. 745. Smith Engineering Company and American Surety Com-
pany
of New York, petitioners, v. Honorable Charles N. Pray, Dis-
trict Judge of the United States for the District of Montana, et al.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court
of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit denied.

MONDAY, APRIL 10, 1933
186
No. 746. West Virginia Northern Railroad Company, petitioner, v.
Carleton Mining and Power Company. Petition for writ of cer-
tiorari to the Supreme Court of Appeals of the State of West
Virginia denied.
No. 749. Lehigh Valley Railroad Company, petitioner, v. Peter P.
Feddock. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Cir-
cuit Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit denied.
No. 750. James Ferguson, petitioner, v. Louis Sabo et al. Peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Errors of the
State of Connecticut denied.
No. 751. Charles F. Aycock and Glen S. Jordan, petitioners, v.
The United States of America. Petition for writ of certiorari to
the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit
denied.
No. 753. United States Fidelity and Guaranty Company, peti-
tioner, v. The Commercial National Bank of Brady, Texas. Petition
for writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals
for the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 769. Culberson P. Dent, petitioner, v. The Chesapeake & Ohio
Railroad Company. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United
States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Sixth Circuit denied.
No. 757. Herman L. Rich, Fred Woodward, John Spiess, and
Arthur Woodward, petitioners, v. The United States of America.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court
of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 761. American Cyanamid Company, petitioner, v. Wilson &
Toomer Fertilizer Company. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 762. Barnard J. Hirsch, petitioner, v. The United States of
America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit
Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit denied.
No. 765. American Mutual Liability Insurance Company of Bos-
ton, Massachusetts, petitioner, v. Dr. J. B. Cooper. Petition for
writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for
the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 766. Herman Finder, petitioner, v. Ward W. Smith, as Trus-
tee, etc. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit
Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit denied.
No. 778. Chicago Bank of Commerce, petitioner, v. Charles Mc-
Pherson and Ewald J. Pfeiffer, as Executors and Trustees, etc., of
Charles F. Ruggles, deceased. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Sixth Circuit denied.

MONDAY, APRIL 10, 1933
187
No. 691. C. M. Patten & Company and Grace M. Wilder, peti-
tioners, v. The United States of America. Consideration of the
petition for writ of certiorari herein deferred until April 24 next,
on motion of Mr. Solicitor General Thacher for the respondent.
No. 537. Arthur C. Harvey Company, petitioner, v. John F. Malley
and/or Malcolm E. Nichols, Former Collectors. Motion to modify
judgment submitted by Mr. O. Walker Taylor for the petitioner.
No., original. Ex parte: Dominick Caparrotta, petitioner.
Leave granted to withdraw motion for leave to file petition for writ
of mandamus on motion of Mr. Jesse C. Duke for the petitioner.
No., original. Ex parte: Arthur T. LaPrade, petitioner. Re-
turn to the rule to show cause presented by Mr. Lawrence H. Cake.
No. 13, original. The State of New Jersey, complainant, v. The
City of New York. Report of defendant, dated April 1, 1933, pre-
sented.
No. 834. C. J. Allen et al., appellants, v. Galveston Truck Line
Corporation. Joint motion to advance submitted by Mr. James V.
Allred, Mr. T. S. Christopher, Mr. Elbert Hooper, and Mr. Claude
Pollard for the appellants, and by Mr. Mart H. Royston, and Mr. J.
Newton Rayzor for the respondent.
No. 18, original. The State of Ohio, plaintiff, v. The Chattanooga
Boiler and Tank Company. Argument commenced by Mr. John W.
Bricker for the plaintiff, continued by Mr. Francis J. Wright for
the defendant, and concluded by Mr. Oscar A. Brown for the
plaintiff.
No. 760. Aaron Mintz and Louis Mintz, Co-partners, etc., appel-
lants, v. Charles H. Baldwin, Individually and as Commissioner of
Agriculture & Markets of the State of New York. Argued by Mr.
J. E. Messerschmidt for the appellants, and by Mr. Henry S. Manley
for the appellee.
No. 634. David Daube, petitioner, v. The United States. Argu-
ment commenced by Mr. John E. Hughes for the petitioner.
Adjourned until tomorrow at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Tuesday, April 11, will be as follows: Nos. 634,
657 (658, 659, and 660), 677, 680 (681 and 682), and 728 (729
and 730).
Х

TUESDAY, APRIL 11, 1933
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
188
Present: The Chief Justice, Mr. Justice Van Devanter, Mr. Justice
McReynolds, Mr. Justice Brandeis, Mr. Justice Sutherland, Mr.
Justice Butler, Mr. Justice Stone, Mr. Justice Roberts, and Mr.
Justice Cardozo.
Hamer H. Jamieson, of Los Angeles, Calif.; Howard W. Kacy, of
Washington, D.C.; James R. Ryan, of Chicago, Ill.; Cato B. Hurd,
of Washington, D.C.; D. K. Woodward, Jr., of Dallas. Tex.; Win-
fred Lake, of De Queen, Ark.; George O. Patterson, of Clarksville,
Ark.; A. Frank Katzentine, of Miami, Fla.; George G. McCoy, of
Savannah, Ga.; Edward H. Patterson, of Little Rock, Ark.; Ben
Cravens, of Fort Smith. Ark.; Chas. E. Allen, of Seattle, Wash.;
Chauncey F. Tramutola, of San Francisco, Calif.; and Charles S.
Piepgrass, of Tulsa, Okla., were admitted to practice.
No. 634. David Daube, petitioner, v. The United States. Argu-
ment continued by Mr. John E. Hughes for the petitioner, by Mr.
Whitney North Seymour for the respondent, and concluded by Mr.
John E. Hughes, for the petitioner.
No. 657. Federal Radio Commission, petitioner, v. Nelson Brothers
Bond & Mortgage Company;
No. 658. Federal Radio Commission, petitioner, v. North Shore
Church;
No. 659. Federal Radio Commission, and Johnson-Kennedy Radio
Corporation, petitioners, v. Nelson Brothers Bond & Mortgage Com-
pany; and
No. 660. Federal Radio Commission and Johnson-Kennedy Radio
Corporation, petitioners, v. North Shore Church. Argument com-
menced by Mr. Solicitor General Thacher for the petitioner, Federal
Radio Commission; continued by Mrs. Mabel Walker Willebrandt,
for the petitioner, Johnson-Kennedy Radio Corporation; by Mr.
James M. Beck for the respondents; and concluded by Mr. Solicitor
General Thacher for the petitioner, Federal Radio Commission.
No. 677. The United States of America, on relation of Lucien H.
Greathouse et al., petitioners, v. George H. Dern, as Secretary of
War et al. Argument commenced by Mr. Spencer Gordon for the
petitioners.
Adjourned until tomorrow at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Wednesday, April 12, will be as follows: Nos. 677,
680 (681 and 682), and 728 (729 and 730).
141905-33- -71

WEDNESDAY, APRIL 12, 1933
189
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: The Chief Justice, Mr. Justice Van Devanter, Mr. Justice
McReynolds, Mr. Justice Brandeis, Mr. Justice Sutherland, Mr.
Justice Butler, Mr. Justice Stone, Mr. Justice Roberts, and Mr.
Justice Cardozo.
Anderson A. Owen, of Chicago, Ill.; William H. Spohn, of Madi-
son, Wis.; Charles E. Collett, of Sidney, Mont.; Roy E. Ayers, of
Lewistown, Mont.; James O. Reavis, of Bakersfield, Calif.; John
D. T. Bold, of Evansville, Ind.; Frank Walsh Glenn, of Washington,
D.C.; George Link, Jr., of New York City; Anthony J. Dimond, of
Valdez, Alaska; and William J. Froelich, of Chicago, Ill., were ad-
mitted to practice.
The Chief Justice announced the following order of the Court:
No. 834. C. J. Allen et al., appellants, v. Galveston Truck Line
Corporation. Joint motion to advance granted and case assigned for
argument on Monday, May 8 next, after the cases heretofore
assigned for that day.
No. 677. The United States of America, on relation of Lucien H.
Greathouse et al., petitioners, v. George H. Dern, as Secretary of
War, et al. Argument continued by Mr. Spencer Gordon for the
petitioner, by Mr. Seth W. Richardson for the respondents, and con-
cluded by Mr. Spencer Gordon for the petitioner.
No. 680. Isaac Gross and Joel Gross, partners as Gross & Gross,
et al., petitioners, v. Irving Trust Company, Trustee, etc.;
No. 681. J. S. S. Weisman and John Milton, Receivers, etc., peti-
tioners, v. Irving Trust Company, Trustee, etc.; and
No. 682. Isaac Gross and Joel Gross, partners as Gross & Gross,
et al., petitioners, v. Irving Trust Company, Trustee, etc. Argued
by Mr. Merritt Lane for the petitioners, and by Mr. Samuel Kauf-
man for the respondent.
No. 728. Thomas S. Williams v. The United States;
No. 729. Daniel D. O'Donoghue v. The United States; and
No. 730. William Hitz v. The United States. Argument com-
menced by Mr. George A. King for Thomas S. Williams, continued
by Mr. John W. Davis for Daniel W. O'Donoghue and William
141905-33--72

WEDNESDAY, APRIL 12, 1933
190
Hitz, by Mr. Solicitor General Thacher for the United States; and
concluded by Mr. John S. Flannery for Daniel W. O' Donoghue and
William Hitz.
Adjourned until Monday next at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Monday, April 17, will be as follows: Nos. 5,
original, (8, original, and 9, original), 693, 711 (and 721), 663,
675, 748, 767, and 685.
✓

MONDAY, APRIL 17, 1933
191
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: The Chief Justice, Mr. Justice Van Devanter, Mr. Jus-
tice McReynolds, Mr. Justice Brandeis, Mr. Justice Sutherland, Mr.
Justice Butler, Mr. Justice Stone, Mr. Justice Roberts, and Mr.
Justice Cardozo.
T. Baxter Milne, of Washington, D. C.; Arlington C. Harvey, of
Evanston, Ill.; Harold M. Stephens, of Salt Lake City, Utah; Mel-
ville Ehrlich, of Port Chester, N. Y.; Stanley Granger, of Miami,
Fla.; Hugh W. Darling, of Los Angeles, Calif.; Clifton Murphy, of
New York City; Herbert Goldmark, of New York City; Della Ives
Ragsdale, of St. Louis, Mo.; Leo H. Klugherz, of New York City;
1 Parker W. Kimball, of Spokane, Wash.; Adelor J. Petit, jr., of Chi-
cago, Ill.; Lambert Kaspers, of Chicago, Ill.; Allan J. Carter, of
Chicago, Ill.; Donald C. Power. of Columbus, Ohio; David C.
Haynes, of Youngstown, Ohio; Milford J. Meyer, of Philadelphia,
Pa.; Esther Melnick, of Chicago, Ill.; Abraham Teitlebaum, of Chi-
cago, Ill.; William T. Caven, of Marshall, Tex.; Charles C. Cars-
ner, of Victoria, Tex.; Charles L. Strouss, of Phoenix, Ariz.; Wen-
dell H. Ney, of Chicago, Ill.; Carl M. Owen, of Bronxville, N. Y.;
Harold J. Gallagher, of Bronxville, N. Y.; Claude A. Watson, of
Los Angeles, Calif.; George S. Gilbert, jr., of Chicago, Ill.; Arthur
T. La Prade, of Phoenix, Ariz.; Fred S. Alward, of Las Vegas,
Nev.; Augustus McCloskey, of San Antonio, Tex.; and Louis Boehm,
of New York City, were admitted to practice.
No. 571. William H. Edelman, State Treasurer; Harry R. Weston,
State Treasurer: The City of Cheyenne, et al., petitioners, v. Boeing
Air Transport, Inc. On writ of certiorari to the United States Cir-
cuit Court of Appeals for the Tenth Circuit. Decree reversed with
costs, and cause remanded to the District Court of the United States
for the District of Wyoming for further proceedings in conformity
with the opinion of this Court. Opinion by Mr. Justice Stone. Mr.
Justice Van Devanter took no part in the consideration or decision
of this case.
No. 565. Philip Hurn and Percy Morgan, jr., petitioners, v. Fulton
Oursler, Lowell Brentano, Albert Lewis, and Sam H. Harris. On
writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for
141905-33-73

MONDAY, APRIL 17, 1933
192
the Second Circuit. Decree modified, and as modified affirmed with
costs, and cause remanded to the District Court of the United States.
for the Southern District of New York for further proceedings in
accordance with the opinion of this court. Opinion by Mr. Justice
Sutherland. Mr. Justice Brandeis and Mr. Justice Stone think the
.decree should be affirmed without modification.
The Chief Justice announced the promulgation of amendments
to the General Orders in Bankruptcy effective April 24 next.
The Chief Justice said: "The orders of the Court appear upon
the list certified to by the Chief Justice and filed with the Clerk, and
will not be announced orally."
No.-. In Re Disbarment of Oscar C. Thomas; Chauncey Hackett;
Robert E. J. Whalen; Sylvester L. McLaurin; Abner Siegal; and
Harry H. Hollander. Rules are ordered to issue requiring these
members of the Bar of this Court to show cause under Rule 2 why
they should not be disbarred from the further practice of the law
in this Court.
No. In Re Disbarment of Herman Woodward Winburn. It
having been suggested to the Court that Herman Woodward Win-
burn has been guilty of conduct unbecoming a member of the Bar
of this Court in that he made application for admission, and was
admitted, to this Bar as a member in good standing of the Bar of
the Supreme Court of the State of North Carolina without disclosing
that he had been a member of the Bar of the Supreme Court of the
State of Louisiana under the name of Herman Winsberg and had,
under that name and by virtue of his membership of that Bar, a
pending application for admission to the Bar of this Court and
without disclosing that he had caused the cancellation of his license
to practice as a member of the Bar of the Supreme Court of the
State of Louisiana in order to avoid disbarment proceedings based
upon the charge of an offense involving moral turpitude.
It is ordered, that the said Herman Woodward Winburn be, and
he is hereby, suspended from practice before this Court,
And it is further ordered, that a rule issue directing the said
Herman Woodward Winburn to show cause, within forty days of
this date, why he should not be disbarred from the practice of the
law in this Court upon the ground that he has been guilty of conduct
unbecoming a member of the Bar of this Court, as aforesaid.
No., original. Ex Parte: Arthur T. La Prade, petitioner. The
return to the rule to show cause is received and ordered to be filed.

MONDAY, APRIL 17, 1933
193
No. 13, original. The State of New Jersey, complainant, v. the
City of New York. The report of the defendant dated April 1,
1933, is received and ordered to be filed.
No. 537. Arthur C. Harvey Company, petitioner, v. John F.
Malley and/or Malcolm E. Nichols, Former Collectors. The motion
to amend the judgment herein is denied.
No. 825. Herman W. Rowlette, petitioner, v. Rothstein Dental
Laboratories, Inc. On petition for writ of certiorari to the Court
of Appeals of the District of Columbia. The motion for leave to
proceed further herein in forma pauperis and the petition for writ
of certiorari are severally denied. New York Central R. R. Co. v.
White, 243 U. S. 188, 200, 202; Mountain Timber Co. v. Washington,
243 U. S. 219, 234, 235–240; Voehl v. Indemnity Ins. Co., 288 U. S.
(decided February 6, 1933; clerk's print, page 2).
-
No. 836. Samuel T. Middleton, petitioner, v. Southern Pacific
Company. On petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Circuit Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit. The motion for
leave to proceed further herein in forma pauperis is denied for the
reason that the Court, upon examination of the unprinted record
herein submitted, finds no ground upon which a writ of certiorari
should issue. The petition for writ of certiorari is therefore also
denied.
No. 819. The United States of America et al., appellants, v. The
State of Louisiana, Louisiana Public Service Commission, et al.; and
No. 834. C. J. Allen et al., appellants, v. Galveston Truck Line
Corporation. In these cases probable jurisdiction is noted.
No. 764. The State of Minnesota, petitioner, v. George Blasius.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of the State of
Minnesota granted.
No. 768. Butte, Anaconda & Pacific Railway Company, petitioner,
v. The United States of America. Petition for writ of certiorari to
the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit
granted.
No. 772. Cullen Fuel Company, Inc., Owner of Deck Scow
"Cullen No. 32", petitioner, v. W. E. Hedger, Inc., Bailee of Cargo.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of
Appeals for the Second Circuit granted.
No. 774. Charles P. Bullard et al., petitioners, v. City of Cisco,
Texas. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit
Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit granted.
No. 756. M. E. Bogle, petitioner, v. Scott C. White, United States
Marshal, et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Circuit Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit denied.

MONDAY, APRIL 17, 1933
194
No. 758. Darwin D. Martin, petitioner, v. Commissioner of Inter-
nal Revenue. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Circuit Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit denied.
No. 763. John P. Weathersbee, petitioner, v. The United States of
America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Cir-
cuit Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 770. Frank N. Hughes, Administrator, petitioner, v. George
A. Gaston et al, receiver. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
Superior Court in and for the County of Hampden, Commonwealth
of Massachusetts, denied.
No. 771. Leo Manning, petitioner, v. Pennsylvania Railroad Com-
pany. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit
Court of Appeals for the Third Circuit denied.
No. 773. Joseph Todaro, petitioner, v. O. W. Munster, District
Director of Immigration for the Port of Kansas City, et al. Peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of
Appeals for the Tenth Circuit denied.
No. 782. John Wanamaker, Philadelphia, petitioner, v. Commis-
sioner of Internal Revenue; and
No. 783. John Wanamaker, Philadelphia, petitioner, v. Commis-
sioner of Internal Revenue. Petition for writs of certiorari to the
United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Third Circuit denied.
No. 795. Charles A. Kane, Trustee in Bankruptcy of Vye-Neill
Co., petitioner, v. Manufacturers' Finance Corporation. Petition
for writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals
for the First Circuit denied.
No. 822. Margaret A. Guyton, Fannie G. Carkener, et al., etc.,
petitioners, v. Younger R. Denney, Executor, etc. Petition for writ
of certiorari to the Supreme Court of the State of Missouri denied.
No. 846. Aluminum Company of America, petitioner, v. Baush
Machine Tool Company. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit
denied.
No. 759. Manuel V. Domenech, petitioner, v. The United Puerto
Rican Sugar Company. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United
States Circuit Court of Appeals for the First Circuit denied.
The Chief Justice announced the following order:
The Court will take a recess from Monday, April 24, to Monday,
May 8, next.

MONDAY, APRIL 17, 1933
195
No. 567. The United States of America, appellant, v. Santos
Flores;
No. 594. Peter Rossi and Edward Ehrett, petitioners, v. The
United States of America;
No. 653. The United States of America, appellant, v. John G.
Darby; and
No. 683. The United States of America v. Ada L. Burroughs and
James Cannon, Jr. Mandates granted on motion of Mr. Solicitor
General Thacher for the United States.
-
No.
presented.
In Re Ralph C. Davis. Return to rule to show cause
No. 260. Elizabeth Coyne, as Secretary of State of the State of
South Dakota, et al., etc., appellants, v. Charles M. Prouty, Charles
E. Renaux, et al. Return to rule to show cause presented.
No. 697. John B. Hunt, petitioner, v. The United States. Peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the Court of Claims dismissed on mo-
tion of counsel for the petitioner.
No. 5, original. The State of Wisconsin et al., complainants, v.
The State of Illinois and Sanitary District of Chicago et al.;
No. 8, original. State of Michigan et al., complainants, v. The
State of Illinois and Sanitary District of Chicago et al.; and
No. 9, original. State of New York et al., complainants, v. State of
Illinois and Sanitary District of Chicago et al. Three hours allowed
for oral argument. Argument on the Report of the Special Master
commenced by Mr. Joseph B. Fleming for the defendant, Sanitary
District of Chicago; continued by Mr. Cornelius Lynde for the
defendant, The State of Illinois; by Mr. Raymond T. Jackson for
the complainants, The States of Wisconsin, Minnesota, Ohio and
Michigan; by Mr. Cornelius Lynde for the defendant, The State of
Illinois; and concluded by Mr. William Rothmann for the defendant,
Sanitary District of Chicago.
No. -, original. Ex Parte: Arthur T. La Prade, petitioner.
Argument on the return to the rule to show cause commenced by Mr.
Donald R. Richberg for the petitioner.
Adjourned until to-morrow at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Tuesday, April 18, will be as follows: Nos. 693,
711 (and 721), 663, 675, 748, 767, and 685.
Х

TUESDAY, APRIL 18, 1933
196
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: The Chief Justice, Mr. Justice Van Devanter, Mr. Justice
McReynolds, Mr. Justice Brandeis, Mr. Justice Sutherland, Mr. Jus-
tice Butler, Mr. Justice Stone, Mr. Justice Roberts, and Mr. Justice
Cardozo.
Daniel J. Gantt, of Atlanta, Ga.; Winfred K. Petigrue, of New
York City; and Lawrence J. Fenlon, of Chicago, Ill., were admitted
to practice.
No. -, original. Ex Parte: Arthur T. LaPrade, petitioner.
Argument on the Return to the Rule to Show Cause continued by
Mr. Donald R. Richberg for the petitioner, by Mr. Robert Brennan
and Mr. Henry C. Booth for the respondents, and concluded by Mr.
Donald R. Richberg for the petitioner.
No. 693. John Factor, petitioner, v. H. C. W. Laubenheimer,
United States Marshal and Godfrey Haggard, His Britannic Maj-
esty's Consul General. Argued by Mr. Newton D. Baker for the
petitioner, and by Mr. Franklin R. Overmyer for the respondents.
No. 711. Benjamin F. Johnson, petitioner, v. Manhattan Railway
Company et al.; and
No. 721. Lillian Boehm, petitioner, v. Manhattan Railway Com-
pany et al. Argument commenced by Mr. Charles Franklin for the
petitioner in No. 711, and continued by Mr. Nathan L. Miller for
the respondent.
Adjourned until tomorrow at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Wednesday, April 19, will be as follows: Nos. 711
(and 721), 663, 675, 748, 767, and 685.
141905 33-74

WEDNESDAY, APRIL 19, 1933
197
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: The Chief Justice, Mr. Justice Van Devanter, Mr. Jus-
tice McReynolds, Mr. Justice Brandeis, Mr. Justice Sutherland, Mr.
Justice Butler, Mr. Justice Stone, Mr. Justice Roberts, and Mr.
Justice Cardozo.
Irl F. Kennerly, of Houston, Tex.; Paris S. Russell, of New York
City; Alexander W. Parker, of Richmond, Va.; Adolphus Blair
Scott, of Richmond, Va.; Angelo J. Scampini, of San Francisco,
Calif.; John Bovill, Jr., of Detroit, Mich.; Richard F. Mitchell, of
Fort Dodge, Iowa; William R. Smith, Jr., of Odessa, Tex.; Albert
D. Hadley, of Glendale, Calif.; L. H. Browne, of San Antonio,
Tex.; Joseph E. North, of Binghamton, N.Y.; Walter E. Hettman,
of San Francisco, Calif.; Charles Kramer, of Los Angeles, Calif.;
and Julian D. James, of Joplin, Mo., were admitted to practice.
No. 711. Benjamin F. Johnson, petitioner, v. Manhattan Railway
Company et al.; and
No. 721. Lillian Boehm, petitioner, v. Manhattan Railway Co-
pany et al. Argument continued by Mr. Nathan L. Miller for
the respondents, Victor J. Dowling and Thomas E. Murray, Jr.,
Receivers, etc.; by Mr. Harold McCullom for the respondent, Central
Hanover Bank & Trust Company, as Trustee, etc.; and concluded by
Mr. Louis Boehm for the petitioner in No. 721; and cases submitted
by Mr. Cloyd LaPorte for the respondent, Committee for the Pro-
tection of the Holders of Ten Year Six Per Cent Gold Notes of In-
terborough Rapid Transit Company; by Mr. John W. Davis for the
respondents, Committee acting for Interborough Rapid Transit Com-
pany 7 percent secured notes et al.; by Mr. Charles E. Hughes, Jr.,
and Mr. Allan S. Hubbard for the rsspondent, William Roberts, as
Receiver, etc.; by Mr. Paxton Blair for the respondents, Van S.
Merle-Smith et al., etc.; by Mr. James L. Quackenbush and Mr. Louis
S. Carpenter for the respondent, Interborough Rapid Transit Com-
pany; and by Mr. Charles H. Tuttle and Mr. Paris S. Russell, for
the respondent, American Brake Shoe and Foundry Company.
No. 663. The State of Washington on the relation of Bond &
Goodwin & Tucker, Inc., etc., appellant, v. Superior Court of the
141905-33- _75

Х
WEDNESDAY, APRIL 19, 1933
198
State of Washington et al. Argued by Mr. Frank E. Holman for
the appellant, and by Mr. Parker W. Kimball for the appellees.
No. 675. George Moore Ice Cream Company, Inc., petitioner, v.
J. T. Rose, Collector of Internal Revenue for the District of Georgia.
Argument commenced by Mr. J. C. Murphy for the petitioner.
Adjourned until tomorrow at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Thursday, April 20, will be as follows: Nos.
675, 2 original, 748, 767, and 685.

THURSDAY, APRIL 20, 1933
199
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: The Chief Justice, Mr. Justice Van Devanter, Mr. Justice
McReynolds, Mr. Justice Brandeis, Mr. Justice Sutherland, Mr.
Justice Butler, Mr. Justice Stone, Mr. Justice Roberts, and Mr.
Justice Cardozo.
Marie Keil Pappenfort, of St. Louis, Mo.; James C. Pappenfort,
of Louisiana, Mo.; Lucile Donovan, of Washington, D. C.; Florence
M. Rose, of East Orange, N. J.; Mary Stewart Howarth, of De Land,
Fla.; Herbert B. Ehrmann, of Boston, Mass.; Paul Christopherson,
of Minneapolis, Minn.; Edward A. Tonjes, of Washington, D. C.;
Harry S. Rooks, of St. Louis, Mo.; Charles A. Wallace, of New
York City; Thomas L. Ennis, of New York City; Warren R. Austin,
Jr., of Burlington, Vt.; Douglas Swift, of New York City; A. F.
Barham, of Osceola, Ark.; Edwin Martenet, of Greensboro, N. C.;
and Ernest T. Miller, of Amarillo, Tex., were admitted to practice.
No. 675. George Moore Ice Cream Company, Inc., petitioner, v.
J. T. Rose, Collector of Internal Revenue for the District of Georgia.
Argument continued by Mr. J. C. Murphy for the petitioner; by Mr.
Paul D. Miller for the respondent; and concluded by Mr. J. C.
Murphy for the petitioner.
No. 2, original. The State of Vermont, complainant, v. The State
of New Hampshire. Argument on the exceptions of the defendant
to the report of the Special Master commenced by Mr. Charles E.
Hughes, Jr., for the defendant in support thereof, and continued by
Mr. Warren Austin, for the complainant, in opposition thereto.
Adjourned until to-morrow at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Friday, April 21, will be as follows: Nos. 2,
original, 748, 767, and 685.
141905-33--76

FRIDAY, APRIL 21, 1933
200
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: The Chief Justice, Mr. Justice Van Devanter, Mr. Justice
McReynolds, Mr. Justice Brandeis, Mr. Justice Sutherland, Mr.
Justice Butler, Mr. Justice Stone, Mr. Justice Roberts, and Mr.
Justice Cardozo.
Felthan Watson, of St. Louis, Mo.; Kathleen Liming, of Chick-
asha, Okla.; and John A. Liming, of Chickasha, Okla., were ad-
mitted to practice.
No. 2, original. The State of Vermont, complainant, v. The State
of New Hampshire. Argument on the exceptions of the defendant
to the report of the Special Master concluded by Mr. Warren Austin,
for the complainant, in opposition thereto.
No. 748. Interstate Commerce Commission, petitioner, v. The
United States of America, on the relation of J. C. Campbell et al.
Argued by Mr. Daniel W. Knowlton for the petitioner, and Mr. A.
Henry Walter for the respondents.
No. 767. Harold L. Ickes, Secretary of the Interior, petitioner, v.
United States of America ex rel. Chestatee Pyrites & Chemical Cor-
poration. Argued by Mr. Seth W. Richardson for the petitioner,
and by Mr. Edgar Watkins for the respondent,
No. 685. The State of South Carolina, petitioner, v. Ray Bailey,
alias Ray Keith. Argued by Mr. William C. Wolfe for the peti-
tioner, and by Mr. Clyde R. Hoey for the respondent.
Adjourned until Monday, April 24 next, at 12 o'clock.
141905-33--77
×

MONDAY, APRIL 24, 1933
201
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: The Chief Justice, Mr. Justice Van Devanter, Mr. Justice
Brandeis, Mr. Justice Sutherland, Mr. Justice Butler, Mr. Justice
Stone, Mr. Justice Roberts, and Mr. Justice Cardozo.
William P. Bair, of Des Moines, Iowa; P. C. Walters, of Albion,
Ill.; Mary Connor Myers, of Washington, D. C.; Jacob I. Spevak,
of South Bend, Ind.; Ralph Royall, of New York City; Jacob H.
Gilbert, of South Bend, Ind.; Robert E. Owens, of Oklahoma City,
Okla.; Urban A. Lavery, of Chicago, Ill.; Robert L. Pennington,
of Bristol, Va.; and Walter H. Chaveriat, of Chicago, Ill., were
admitted to practice.
No. 643. Charles Young, appellant, v. Anthony Masci. Appeal
from the Court of Errors and Appeals of the State of New Jersey.
Judgment affirmed with costs. Opinion by Mr. Justice Brandeis.
The Chief Justice announced the following orders of the Court:
No. 260. Elizabeth Coyne, as Secretary of State of State of South
Dakota, et al., etc., appellants, v. Charles M. Prouty, Charles E.
Renaux, Hanford Produce Company, et al. Appeal from the Dis-
trict Court of the United States for the District of South Dakota.
Per curiam: Decree reversed and cause remanded with directions to
dismiss the bill of complaint upon the ground that the cause is moot.
Brownlow v. Schwartz, 261 U. S. 216; Alejandrino v. Quezon, 271
U. S. 528, 535, 536; U. S. ex. rel. Norwegian Nitrogen Products Co. v.
Tariff Commission, 274 U. S. 106, 112; Railroad Commission of
Texas v. MacMillan, 287 U. S. 576.
No. 805. Jesse G. Hawkins, appellant, v. City of Red Cloud,
Nebraska, Fred E. Maurer, as Mayor, etc., et al. Appeal from the
Supreme Court of the State of Nebraska. Per curiam: The appeal
herein is dismissed for want of a substantial Federal question.
Gant v. City of Oklahoma City, 288 U. S. - (decided April 10, 1933,
clerk's print, p. 3); Standard Oil Co. v. Marysville, 279 U. S. 582,
583; Equitable Life Assurance Society v. Brown, 187 U. S. 308, 311.
141905-33--78

MONDAY, APRIL 24, 1933
The Chief Justice said:
202
"The other orders of the Court appear upon the list certified to
by the Chief Justice and filed with the clerk and will not be
announced orally."
-
No. —. In the Matter of Ralph C. Davis. The clerk of this Court
having reported that the costs taxed against the Greek Catholic
Union, respondent, in the case of American Surety Co. of New York
v. The Greek Catholic Union, No. 401, October Term, 1931, a bill
for which was rendered on March 31, 1932, to Ralph C. Davis, a
member of the Bar of this Court, counsel for the said respondent,
had not been paid; and it appearing to the Court that the said
Davis had failed to answer or respond to three letters sent him by
the clerk of this Court under dates of August 8, 1932, November
29, 1932, and February 7, 1933, with respect to the payment of the
said costs; and a rule having issued April 10, 1933, directing the
said Davis to show cause why he should not be disbarred from the
practice of the law in this Court for conduct unbecoming a mem-
ber of the Bar of this Court; and said Davis having made return
to such rule, and the costs in the above-mentioned case having been
paid.
It is ordered that the respondent, Ralph C. Davis, be, and he is
hereby, reprimanded for unjustified failure in a duty owed by
him as a member of the Bar of this Court to respond to com-
munications addressed to him by the clerk of this Court pertaining
to the business of the Court;
And it is further ordered that the rule to show cause aforesaid be,
and it is hereby, discharged.
No. In Re Disbarment of D. W. Buckner and J. E. Fleming.
Rules are ordered to issue requiring these members of the Bar of
this Court to show cause under Rule 2 why they should not be
disbarred from the further practice of the law in this Court.
No. 747. Local 167 of the International Brotherhood of Teamsters,
etc., et al., appellants, v. The United States of America. In this
case probable jurisdiction is noted.
No. 853. Dominick Caparrotta, petitioner, v. The United States of
America. On petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals
of the District of Columbia. The motion for leave to proceed fur-
ther herein in forma pauperis is denied for the reason that the
Court, upon examination of the unprinted record herein submitted
and upon examination of the record in the case of Moder et al. v.
The United States of America, No. 609, October Term, 1932, finds no
ground upon which a writ of certiorari should issue. The petition for

MONDAY, APRIL 24, 1933
203
writ of certiorari, and the motion to order up the original steno-
graphic record or for other relief, are therefore severally denied.
No. 863. Frank Goldman, Davis Pudalov, and Samuel Goldbaum,
petitioners, v. The United States of America. On petition for writ
of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the
Second Circuit. The motion for leave to proceed further herein
in forma pauperis is denied, for the reason that the Court, upon
examination of the unprinted record herein submitted, finds no
ground upon which a writ of certiorari should issue. The petition
for writ of certiorari is therefore also denied.
No. 797. The Trainor Company, petitioner, v. The Aetna Casualty
& Surety Company. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United
States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Third Circuit granted.
No. 842. Galen L. Tait, Collector of Internal Revenue, petitioner,
v. Western Maryland Railway Company. Petition for writ of
certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the Fourth
Circuit granted.
No. 742. Charles T. Murrey, petitioner, v. Winston Murrey, an
Infant by Carol Hathaway, his Guardian, ad litem. Petition for
writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of the State of California
denied.
No. 755. Lucy C. Armstrong Moltz, Executrix, Frank D. M.
Strachan, et al., Executors, etc., petitioners, v. The United States.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Claims denied.
No. 789. Albert J. Harvey, petitioner, v. David J. Bondy. Peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of
Appeals for the Second Circuit denied.
No. 794. Dora R. Gans and Charles Gans, petitioners, v. Hon.
Charles B. Faris, United States District Judge for the Eastern
Division of the Eastern District of Missouri, et al. Petition for
writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for
the Eighth Circuit denied.
No. 796. Lawrence Berenson and Arthur Berenson, petitioners, v.
John H. Woodbury and John H. Woodbury Laboratories, Inc.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of
Appeals for the Second Circuit denied.
No. 798. United States ex rel. Albert A. Frey, petitioner, v.
Thomas E. Robertson, Commissioner of Patents. Petition for writ
of certiorari to the Court of Appeals of the District of Columbia
denied.
No. 799. Elgin, Joliet and Eastern Railway Company, petitioner,
v. Industrial Commission of Illinois and Grace H. Baxter. Peti-

MONDAY, APRIL 24, 1933
204
tion for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of Will County, State
of Illinois, denied.
No. 800. New York Water Service Corporation, petitioner, v. Title
Guarantee and Trust Company and Edward Ward McMahon, Re-
ceiver of Rents, etc. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme
Court of the State of New York denied.
No. 804. Earle A. Merrill, Trustee in Bankruptcy of George E.
Thomas, Bankrupt, petitioner, v. Joseph P. Day. Petition for writ
of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the
Third Circuit denied.
No. 932, October Term 1930. Art Metal Construction Company,
petitioner, v. The United States; and
No. 933, October Term 1930. Henry C. Zeller and Edward G.
Zeller, petitioners, v. The United States of America. Motion for
leave to file petitions for rehearing submitted by Mr. Dana B. Hell-
ings for the petitioners.
Adjourned until Monday, May 8 next at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Monday, May 8, will be as follows: Nos. 784 (785
and 786), 834, 701, 718, 724, 779, 791, 792, 732, and 735.

MONDAY, MAY 8, 1933
205
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: The Chief Justice, Mr. Justice Van Devanter, Mr. Justice
McReynolds, Mr. Justice Brandeis, Mr. Justice Sutherland, Mr. Jus-
tice Butler, Mr. Justice Stone, Mr. Justice Roberts, and Mr. Justice
Cardozo.
Harold D. Le Mar, of Omaha, Nebr.; Matthew M. Levy, of New
York City; Richard M. Duncan, of St. Joseph, Mo.; Allan P. Cox,
of Detroit, Mich.; Richard G. Levy, of Ancon, Canal Zone; David
B. Tippery, of Detroit, Mich.; Glen W. Ratcliff, of Los Angeles,
Calif.; Walter H. Schulman, of New York City; Leon C. Phillips,
of Okemah, Okla.; Ellee J. Lovelace, of New York City; D. L.
Hazelrigg, of Frankfort, Ky.; John W. Cost, of Pittsburgh, Pa.;
William T. Corbett, of Pittsburgh, Pa.; Hyman W. Gamso, of New
York City; John C. Morley, of Cleveland, Ohio; Merrill S. Bernard,
of Sand Springs, Okla.; and Joseph Arthur Edge, of Lexington,
Ky., were admitted to practice.
The Honorable James Crawford Biggs, of North Carolina, Solic-
itor General of the United States, was presented by Mr. Attorney
General Cummings, and it was ordered that his commission be
recorded.
No. 634. David Daube, petitioner, v. The United States. On writ
of certiorari to the Court of Claims. Judgment affirmed. Opinion
by Mr. Justice Cardozo.
No. 675. George Moore Ice Cream Company, Inc., petitioner, v.
J. T. Rose, Collector of Internal Revenue for the District of Georgia.
On writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals
for the Fifth Circuit. Judgment reversed with costs, and cause re-
manded to the District Court of the United States for the Northern
District of Georgia for further proceedings in conformity with the
opinion of this Court. Opinion by Mr. Justice Cardozo.
No. 748. Interstate Commerce Commission, petitioner, v. The
United States of America, on the relation of J. C. Campbell, R. M.
Campbell, et al. On writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals of the
141905-33- -79
-

MONDAY, MAY 8, 1933
206
District of Columbia. Judgment reversed, and cause remanded to
the said Court of Appeals for further proceedings in conformity with
the opinion of this Court. Opinion by Mr. Justice Cardozo.
No. 663. The State of Washington on the relation of Bond &
Goodwin & Tucker, Incorporated, a dissolved Delaware corporation,
appellant, v. Superior Court of the State of Washington for Spokane
County and Honorable Joseph B. Lindsley, judge thereof. Appeal
from the Supreme Court of the State of Washington. Judgment
affirmed with costs. Opinion by Mr. Justice Roberts.
No. 677. The United States of America on relation of Lucien H.
Greathouse and Rebekah S. Greathouse, petitioners, v. George H.
Dern, as Secretary of War, and Lytle Brown, as Chief of Engineers.
On writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals of the District of
Columbia. Judgment affirmed with costs, and cause remanded to the
said Court of Appeals. Opinion by Mr. Justice Stone.
No. 760. Aaron Mintz and Louis Mintz, copartners doing business
under the firm name and style of Mintz & Mintz, appellants, v.
Charles H. Baldwin, individually and as Commissioner of Agricul-
ture and Markets of the State of New York. Appeal from the Dis-
trict Court of the United States for the Northern District of New
York. Decree affirmed with costs. Opinion by Mr. Justice Butler.
No. 680. Isaac Gross and Joel Gross, Partners as Gross & Gross,
Solicitors for Complainant in Chancery, petitioners, v. Irving Trust
Company, Trustee Crosby Stores, Inc., Bankrupt;
No. 681. J. S. S. Weisman and John Milton, Receivers in Chan-
cery of Crosby Stores, Inc., petitioners, v. Irving Trust Company,
Trustee Crosby Stores, Inc., Bankrupt; and
No. 682. Isaac Gross and Joel Gross, Partners as Gross & Gross,
and William Harris, Solicitors for Receivers in Chancery, peti-
tioners, v. Irving Trust Company, Trustee Crosby Stores, Inc., Bank-
rupt. On writs of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of
Appeals for the Third Circuit. Decrees affirmed with costs, and cases
remanded to the District Court of the United States for the District
of New Jersey. Opinion by Mr. Justice Sutherland.
No. 559. City of Harrisonville, Missouri, petitioner, v. W. S.
Dickey Clay Manufacturing Company. On writ of certiorari to the
United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Eighth Circuit. De-
cree reversed with costs, and cause remanded to the District Court
of the United States for the Western District of Missouri for further
proceedings to determine the depreciation in value of the property
on account of the nuisance, and to enter a decree withholding an in-
junction if such sum be paid within the time to be fixed by that
Court. Opinion by Mr. Justice Brandeis.

MONDAY, MAY 8, 1933
207
No. 623. American Car and Foundry Company, petitioner, v.
H. A. Brassert. On writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit
Court of Appeals for the Seventh Circuit. Decree affirmed with
costs, and cause remanded to the District Court of the United States
for the Northern District of Illinois. Opinion by Mr. Chief Justice
Hughes.
No. 657. Federal Radio Commission, petitioner, v. Nelson Broth-
ers Bond & Mortgage Company;
No. 658. Federal Radio Commission, petitioner, v. North Shore
Church;
No. 659. Federal Radio Commission and Johnson-Kennedy Radio
Corporation, petitioners, v. Nelson Brothers Bond & Mortgage Com-
pany; and
No. 660. Federal Radio Commission and Johnson-Kennedy Radio
Corporation, petitioners, v. North Shore Church. On writs of cer-
tiorari to the Court of Appeals of the District of Columbia. Judg-
ment reversed and cases remanded to the said Court of Appeals with
direction to affirm the decision of the Commission. Opinion by Mr.
Chief Justice Hughes.
No. 412. Los Angeles Gas and Electric Corporation, appellant, v.
Railroad Commission of the State of California, C. L. Seavey, and
Leon O. Whitsell, et al., etc. Appeal from the District Court of the
United States for the Southern District of California. Decree af-
firmed with costs. Opinion by Mr. Chief Justice Hughes. Dissent-
ing opinion by Mr. Justice Butler in which Mr. Justice Sutherland
joins. Mr. Justice Van Devanter did not hear the argument and took
no part in the consideration and decision of this case.
The Chief Justice said:
"The orders of the Court appear upon the list certified to by the
Chief Justice and filed with the Clerk and will not be announced.
orally."
No. 691. C. M. Patten & Company and Grace M. Wilder, peti-
tioners, v. The United States of America. On petition for writ of
certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the
Ninth Circuit. Per curiam: The petition for writ of certiorari in
this case is granted. The decree of the Circuit Court of Appeals is
reversed and the cause is remanded to the District Court with direc-
tions to vacate its decree and to dismiss the proceeding upon the
ground that the cause is moot. Brownlow v. Schwartz, 261 U.S. 216;
Alejandrino v. Quezon, 271 U.S. 528, 535, 536; U.S. ex rel. Nor-
wegian Nitrogen Products Co. v. Tariff Commission, 274 U.S. 106,
112; Railroad Commission of Texas v. MacMillan, 287 U.S. 576.

MONDAY, MAY 8, 1933
208
No. 906. August Swarz, appellant, v. Sigmund Loeffler. Appeal
from the Appellate Court of the State of Illinois. Per curiam: The
motion for leave to proceed further herein in forma pauperis is
denied. The appeal is dismissed for the want of jurisdiction. Sec.
237 (a) Judicial Code as amended by the act of February 13, 1925
(43 Stat. 936, 937).
No. 316. The United States of America, petitioner, v. Dubilier
Condenser Corporation;
No. 317. The United States of America, petitioner, v. Dubilier
Condenser Corporation; and
No. 318. The United States of America, petitioner, v. Dubilier
Condenser Corporation. Ordered that the opinion in this case be
amended as follows:
By striking out the following paragraph:
"Moreover no court could, however clear the proof of such a
contract, order the execution of an assignment. No act of Congress
has been called to our attention authorizing the United States to
take a patent or to hold one by assignment. No statutory authority
exists for the transfer of a patent to any department or officer of the
Government, or for the administration of patents, or the issuance
of licenses on behalf of the United States. In these circumstances
no public policy requires us to deprive the inventor of his exclusive
rights as respects the general public and to lodge them in a dead
hand incapable of turning the patent to account for the benefit of
the public."
now appearing on page 12 of said opinion.
No. 932, October Term, 1930. Art Metal Construction Company v.
The United States; and
No. 933, October Term, 1930. Henry C. Zeller and Edward G.
Zeller, petitioners, v. The United States of America. The motions
for leave to file petitions for rehearing in the above-entitled causes
are severally denied. Bronson v. Schulten, 105 U.S. 410, 415; United
States v. Mayer, 235 U.S. 55, 67.
No. 885. James McGregor, petitioner, v. Fred G. Zerbst, Warden,
etc. On petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit
Court of Appeals for the Tenth Circuit. The motion for leave to
proceed further herein in forma pauperis is denied, for the reason
that the Court, upon examination of the unprinted record herein sub-
mitted, finds no ground upon which a writ of certiorari should issue.
The petition for a writ of certiorari is therefore also denied.
No. 886. Sophie Ryan, W. E. Kuykendall, R. R. Raney, et al.,
petitioners, v. City of Dallas, Brook Mays, L. G. Mays, C. L. Mail-
lot. On petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit

MONDAY, MAY 8, 1933
209
Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit. The motion for leave to
proceed further herein in forma pauperis is denied, for the reason
that the Court, upon examination of the record herein submitted,
finds no ground upon which a writ of certiorari should issue. The
petition for writ of certiorari is therefore also denied.
No. 894. William Lawrence McGrory, petitioner, v. The United
States of America. On petition for writ of certiorari to the United
States Circuit Court of Appeals for the First Circuit. The motion
for leave to proceed further herein in forma pauperis is denied, for
the reason that the Court, upon examination of the record herein
submitted, finds no ground upon which a writ of certiorari should
issue. The petition for writ of certiorari is therefore also denied.
No. 843. Johnson Oil Refining Company, appellant, v. The State
of Oklahoma, ex rel. C. E. Mitchell, County Attorney, etc., et al.;
No. 844. Johnson Oil Refining Company, appellant, v. The State
of Oklahoma, ex rel. C. E. Mitchell, County Attorney, etc., et al.; and
No. 845. Johnson Oil Refining Company, appellant, v. The State
of Oklahoma, ex rel. C. E. Mitchell, County Attorney, etc., et al.
In these cases probable jurisdiction is noted. The motions to dismiss
are denied.
No. 872. Southern Railway Company, appellant, v. Common-
wealth of Virginia, at the relation of H. G. Shirley, State Highway
Commissioner of Virginia. Further consideration of the question
of the jurisdiction of this Court in this case and of the motion to
dismiss or affirm is postponed to the hearing of the case on the
merits.
No. 832. David Burnet, Commissioner of Internal Revenue, peti-
tioner, v. United States Refractories Corporation. Petition for writ
of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the
Third Circuit granted and the case is assigned for argument immedi-
ately following No. 833.
No. 802. W. A. Yarborough, petitioner, v. Sadie Yarborough by
her Guardian ad litem, R. D. Blowers. Petition for writ of certi-
orari to the Supreme Court of the State of South Carolina granted.
No. 806. E. P. Jacobs, et al., petitioners, v. The United States of
America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Circuit Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit granted.
No. 830. David Burnet, Commissioner of Internal Revenue, peti-
tioner, v. Northern Coal Company; and
No. 831. David Burnet, Commissioner of Internal Revenue, peti-
tioner, v. C. H. Sprague & Sons Company. Petition for writ of
certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the
First Circuit granted.

MONDAY, MAY 8, 1933
210
No. 851. David Burnet, Commissioner of Internal Revenue, peti-
tioner, v. Nanaline H. Duke et al., etc. Petition for writ of
certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the
Third Circuit granted.
No. 815. Missouri State Life Insurance Company, et al., petition-
ers, v. Marion Johnson. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
Supreme Court of the State of Arkansas granted.
No. 833. David Burnet, Commissioner of Internal Revenue, peti-
tioner, v. Oswego and Syracuse Railroad Company. Petition for
writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for
the Second Circuit granted.
No. 776. The Snare & Triest Company, petitioner, v. The United
States. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Claims denied.
No. 793. David Rissman, petitioner, v. The United States of
America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Cir-
cuit Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit denied.
No. 801. Western Canal Company, and Great Western Power
Company of California, petitioners, v. Railroad Commission of the
State of California. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme
Court of the State of California denied.
No. 803. American Fidelity and Casualty Company, petitioner, v.
William F. Fentress. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United
States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 816. Mobile & Ohio Railroad Company, petitioner, v. Mar-
garet Armstrong, Administratrix of the Estate of William N. Arm-
strong. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of the
State of Missouri denied.
No. 820. Consolidated Cut Stone Company, petitioner, v. Hart-
ford Accident & Indemnity Company. Petition for writ of cer-
tiorari to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Tenth
Circuit denied.
No. 821. Frank H. Moses and James T. Berney, as Executors, etc.,
petitioners, v. The United States of America. Petition for writ of
certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the
Second Circuit denied.
No. 867. Cornell Steamboat Company, petitioner, v. H. Howard
Lavender, Steamship "Winnetou ", etc.; and
No. 868. Cornell Steamboat Company, petitioner, v. Rosoff Sand
& Gravel Corporation, Steamship "Winnetou ", etc. Petition for
writ of certiorari to the United States' Circuit Court of Appeals for
the Second Circuit denied.

MONDAY, MAY 8, 1933
211
No. 777. Frank Smith, petitioner, v. The United States of Amer-
ica. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit
Court of Appeals for the Sixth Circuit denied.
No. 807. Warren B. Grant and R. W. Lewis, petitioners, v. George
T. Guernsey. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Circuit Court of Appeals for the Tenth Circuit denied.
No. 808. John Gray, petitioner, v. Walton Craig, Jr., H. E.
Schmidt, et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Third District
Court of Appeal for the State of California denied.
No. 809. John Addis and A. C. Addis, petitioners, v. The United
States of America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United
States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Tenth Circuit denied.
No. 812. Schusters Wholesale Produce Co., Inc., petitioner, v. The
Texas & Pacific Railway Company. Petition for writ of certiorari
to the Supreme Court of the State of Louisiana denied.
No. 813. Frank Grocery Co., Inc., petitioner, v. The Texas & Pa-
cific Railway Company. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
Supreme Court of the State of Louisiana denied.
No. 814. British M. S. Maskinonge, Malagash Fishing Company,
Ltd., petitioner, v. The United States of America. Petition for writ
of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the
First Circuit denied.
No. 817. Dorothy Kirkland Lowry, petitioner, v. American In-
surance Union. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Circuit Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 823. Ferrocarriles Nacionales de Mexico etc., petitioner, v.
Honorable Charles W. Rutledge, Judge of the Circuit Court of the
City of St. Louis, Missouri, et al. Petition for writ of certiorari
to the Supreme Court of the State of Missouri denied.
No. 826. Mary A. Medeiros, petitioner, v. William J. Keville,
United States Marshal. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United
States Circuit Court of Appeals for the First Circuit denied.
No. 827. K. C. Tanner, petitioner, v. Tillman D. Johnson, Judge
of the District Court of the United States in and for the District
of Utah, et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Circuit Court of Appeals for the Tenth Circuit denied.
No. 828. Gertrude D. Walker, petitioner, v. Commissioner of In-
ternal Revenue. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Circuit Court of Appeals for the Third Circuit denied.
No. 835. Myrtle Adele Spencer, petitioner, v. The State Life In-
surance Company. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United
States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit denied.

MONDAY, MAY 8, 1933
212
No. 837. I. C. Strauss, H. J. Harby, et al., petitioners, v. United
States Fidelity & Guaranty Company. Petition for writ of certiorari
to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Fourth Circuit
denied.
No. 838. Missouri Pacific Railroad Company and Union Indem-
nity Company, petitioner, v. Alex Montgomery. Petition for writ
of certiorari to the Supreme Court of the State of Arkansas denied.
No. 839. American Motor Oil Screw "Liberty " her engines, etc.,
petitioner, v. The United States of America. Petition for writ of
certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the
Second Circuit denied.
No. 840. Jerome S. Stone, petitioner, v. Morris Hirsch et al.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of
Appeals for the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 841. Irving Trust Company, petitioner, v. Harry D. Farracy,
Trustee in Bankruptcy, etc. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 850. S. R. Thrasher and Minnie Belle Thrasher et al., peti-
tioners, v. Gloria Olivia Williams and A. S. Williams. Petition for
writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for
the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 855. Radford Iron Company, Inc., petitioner, v. Appalachian
Electric Power Company. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Fourth Circuit
denied.
No. 864. John B. Hooker, petitioner, v. Aetna Life Insurance
Company. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Cir-
cuit Court of Appeals for the Sixth Circuit denied.
No. 865. American Casualty Co., petitioner, v. William Church.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of
Appeals for the Third Circuit denied.
No. 866. Pittsburgh Terminal Coal Corporation, petitioner, v.
S. A. Williams. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Circuit Court of Appeals for the Third Circuit denied.
No. 891. Ashby Williams, petitioner, v. Robert M. Foster and
Dolores Foster. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Ap-
peals of the District of Columbia denied.
い
!

MONDAY, MAY 8, 1933
The Chief Justice announced the following order:
213
ORDER
It is ordered that the call of the docket be suspended for the term
on Friday, May 12 next, and that the Court will take a recess from
Monday, May 15, until Monday, May 22, and from that day until
Monday, May 29, upon which day it will adjourn for the term.
It is further ordered that no motions, except motions for admis-
sion to practice, will be received after Monday, May 22 next.
No., original. The State of Alabama, complainant, v. State of
Arizona, et al. Motion for leave to file bill of complaint submitted
by Mr. William Logan Martin for the complainant.
No. 13, original. The State of New Jersey, complainant, v. The
City of New York. Leave granted to file application for further
relief on motion of Mr. Duane E. Minard for the complainant.
No. 13, original. The State of New Jersey, complainant, v. The
City of New York. Leave granted to file answer to complainant's
application and application for further relief on motion of Mr.
Arthur J. W. Hilly for the defendant.
No. 829. New York Dock Railway, et al., petitioners, v. The
Pennsylvania Railroad Company. Leave granted petitioners to file
reply brief by Wednesday next on motion of Mr. John F. Finerty
for the petitioners.
No. 779. Central Kentucky Natural Gas Company, appellant, v.
Railroad Commission of Kentucky, et al. Motion to dismiss sub-
mitted by Mr. Raymond M. Hudson for Mrs. George Hignight, in
support thereof, and by Mr. Henry T. Duncan for the appellant in
opposition thereto.
No. 810. Larrabee Flour Mills Company v. First National Bank
of Dublin. Motion to bring up the entire record and cause submitted
by Mr. W. W. Larsen, for the Larabee Flour Mills Company, in
support thereof, and by Mr. Maynard Ramsey, Mr. Kenneth I. Mc-
Kay, Mr. H. E. Hackney, Mr. G. P. Barse, and Mr. J. F. Anderson,
for the First National Bank of Dublin, in opposition thereto.
No. 784. Charles M. Bevan, appellant, v. David M. Kreiger, as
Sheriff, etc.;
No. 785. John W. Koehrman, appellant, v. David M. Kreiger,
as Sheriff, etc.; and

MONDAY, MAY 8, 1933
214
No. 786. Robert A. Stranahan, appellant, v. David M. Kreiger, as
Sheriff, etc. Argument commenced by Mr. Crary Davis for the
appellants; and continued by Mr. Raymond T. Jackson for the
appellee.
Adjourned until tomorrow at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Tuesday, May 9, will be as follows: Nos. 784,
(785 and 786), 834, 701, 718, 779, 724, 791, 792, 732, and 735.
×

TUESDAY, MAY 9, 1933
215
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: The Chief Justice. Mr. Justice Van Devanter, Mr. Jus-
tice McReynolds, Mr. Justice Brandeis, Mr. Justice Sutherland, Mr.
Justice Butler, Mr. Justice Stone, Mr. Justice Roberts, and Mr.
Justice Cardozo.
Leo Meltzer, of Boston, Mass.; Prentiss M. Brown, of St. Ignace,
Mich.; John C. Lehr, of Monroe, Mich.; Carl M. Weideman, of
Detroit, Mich.; Lawrence E. Duffey, of Toledo, Ohio; John Elliott
Byrne, of Chicago, Ill.; Herman Weinberger, of San Francisco,
Calif.; Louis R. Gates, of Kansas City, Kans.; H. L. Scaife, of
Union, S. C.; Thomas F. Burke, of Washington, D. C.; H. Rank
Bickel, Jr., of Baltimore, Md.; Mercer B. Tate, Jr., of Philadelphia,
Pa.; Sydney Krause, of New York City; Orlando H. Dey, of Rah-
way, N. J.; Louis M. Lissner, of Los Angeles, Calif.; Louis W.
Arnold, Jr., of New York City; John J. Finnorn, of New Orleans,
La.; Edw. I. P. Tatelman, of Cristobal, Canal Zone., W. K. Hopkins,
of Gonzales, Tex.; A. J. Wirtz, of Seguin, Tex.; Walter L. Barlow, of
Austin, Tex.; Abraham Ziegler, of Atlanta, Ga.; George E. Roewer,
of Boston, Mass.; Richard B. Barker, of Washington, D. C.; and
Samuel Rubin, of Brooklyn, N. Y., were admitted to practice.
The Chief Justice announced the following orders of the Court:
No. 810. Larabee Flour Mills Company v. First National Bank of
Dublin. On certificate from the United States Circuit Court of Ap-
peals for the Fifth Circuit. Per curiam: The motion to bring up
the whole record and cause is denied. The certificate is dismissed.
United States v. Bailey, 9 Pet. 267, 272; Chicago, B. & Q. Ry. v.
Williams, 205 U.S. 444, 451–454; The Folmina, 212 U.S. 354, 363;
United States v. Mayer, 235 U.S. 55, 66; Biddle v. Luvisch, 266 U.S.
173, 174, 175; News Syndicate Co. v. New York Central R.R. Co.,
275 U.S. 179, 188.
No. 811. The First National Bank of St. Petersburg, Florida, v.
City of Miami. On certificate from the United States Circuit Court
of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit. Per curiam: The certificate is
dismissed. United States v. Bailey, 9 Pet. 267, 272, 274; Chicago,
B. & Q. Ry. v. Williams, 205 U.S. 444, 451-454; The Folmina, 212
U.S. 354, 363; United States v. Mayer, 235 U.S. 55, 66; Biddle v.
141905-33---80

TUESDAY, MAY 9, 1933
216
Luvisch, 266 U.S. 173, 174, 175; News Syndicate Co. v. New York.
Central R.R. Co., 275 U.S. 179, 188.
No. 779. Central Kentucky Gas Company, appellant, v. Railroad
Commission of Kentucky et al. It appearing from the record on
appeal to this Court that the applicants are not parties to the appeal,
their application for leave to appear specially for the purpose of
moving to dismiss the appeal, and for leave to present such motion,
is denied. On examination of the papers submitted by the appli-
cants, and in view of the provision of the decree under review with
respect to the distribution of the impounded fund, the Court is of
the opinion that the applicants should be made parties to the appeal,
and in order that proceedings for that purpose may be taken, the
hearing of the cause is postponed and the cause is assigned for argu-
ment on October 9, 1933.
No. 784. Charles N. Bevan, appellant, v. David M. Krieger, as
Sheriff of Lucas County, Ohio;
No. 785. John W. Koehrman, appellant, v. David M. Krieger, as
Sheriff of Lucas County, Ohio; and
No. 786. Robert A. Stranahan, appellant, v. David M. Krieger, as
Sheriff of Lucas County, Ohio. Argument concluded by Mr. George
D. Welles for the appellants.
No. 834. C. J. Allen et al., appellants, v. Galveston Truck Line
Corporation. Argued by Mr. Elbert Hooper for the appellants, and
by Mr. Mart H. Royston for the appellee.
No. 701. Angelo Quercia, petitioner, v. The United States of
America. Argued by Mr. Essex S. Abbott for the petitioner, and
by Mr. Thomas D. Thacher for the respondent.
No. 718. Conrad, Rubin & Lesser, petitioners, v. Horace G. Pender,
Trustee in Bankruptcy. Leave granted Mr. Samuel Rubin to appear
and present oral argument pro hac vice, for the petitioner, on
motion of Mr. George C. Levin, in that behalf.
No. 718. Conrad, Rubin & Lesser, petitioners, v. Horace G. Pender,
Trustee in Bankruptcy. Argued by Mr. Samuel Rubin, pro hac vice
by special leave of Court for the petitioner, and by Mr. George C.
Levin for the respondent.
Adjourned until tomorrow at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Wednesday, May 10, will be as follows: Nos. 791,
792, 724, 732, 735, 752, and 842.
☑

Х
WEDNESDAY, MAY 10, 1933
217
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: The Chief Justice, Mr. Justice Van Devanter, Mr. Jus-
tice McReynolds, Mr. Justice Brandeis, Mr. Justice Sutherland, Mr.
Justice Butler, Mr. Justice Stone, Mr. Justice Roberts, and Mr.
Justice Cardozo.
Homer D. Crotty, of Los Angeles, Calif.; Gertrude Potter, of
Portland, Maine; Orell Ruben Leen, of Minneapolis, Minn.; J.
Arthur Leve, of New York City; Charles Morris Irelan, Jr., of
North Woodside, Md.; and Benjamin F. Garland, of Huntingburg.
Ind., were admitted to practice.
No. 791. Irenee Du Pont, petitioner, v. Commissioner of Internal
Revenue. Argued by Mr. James S. Y. Ivins for the petitioner, and
by Mr. Erwin N. Griswold for the respondent.
No. 792. David Burnet, Commissioner of Internal Revenue, peti-
tioner, v. Frederick B. Wells. Argued by Mr. Erwin N. Griswold
for the petitioner, and by Mr. James S. Y. Ivins for the respondent.
No. 724. The United States of America ex rel. Anthony Volpe,
petitioner, v. S. D. Smith, District Director of Immigration. Argued
by Mr. John E. Byrne for the petitioner, and by Mr. Whitney North
Seymour for the respondent.
Adjourned until tomorrow at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Thursday, May 11, will be as follows: Nos. 732,
735, 752, and 842.
141905-33-81

THURSDAY, MAY 11, 1933
218
1
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present The Chief Justice, Mr. Justice Van Devanter, Mr. Jus-
tice McReynolds, Mr. Justice Brandeis, Mr. Justice Sutherland. Mr.
Justice Butler, Mr. Justice Stone, Mr. Justice Roberts, and Mr.
Justice Cardozo.
C. I. Carey, of St. Petersburg, Fla.; George F. von Kolnitz, Jr., of
Charleston, S. C.; George W. Whiteside, of New York City; Wm. C.
Grace, of Washington, D. C.; Arthur F. Lederle, of Detroit, Mich.;
Henry L. Glenn, of New York City; G. Harry Ditter, of Philadel-
phia, Pa.; J. William Ditter, of Ambler, Pa.; and Thomas A. Foulke,
of Amber, Pa., were admitted to practice.
No. 732. Richard Reid Rogers, petitioner, v. George W. Hill, A. C.
Mower, et al. Argued by Mr. Richard Reid Rogers for the peti-
tioner, and by Mr. Nathan L. Miller for the respondents.
No. 735. John H. Leighton, James A. McPherson, et al., petition-
ers, v. The United States of America. Argued by Mr. Herman
Weinberger for the petitioners, and by Mr. Paul D. Miller for the
respondent.
No. 752. Sinclair Refining Company, petitioner, v. Jenkins Petro-
leum Process Company. Argument commenced by Mr. Dean S.
Edmonds for the petitioner.
Adjourned until to-morrow at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Friday, May 12, will be as follows: Nos. 752
and 842.
141905-33- -82
Х

x
FRIDAY, MAY 12, 1933
219
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: The Chief Justice, Mr. Justice Van Devanter, Mr. Jus-
tice McReynolds, Mr. Justice Brandeis, Mr. Justice Sutherland, Mr.
Justice Butler, Mr. Justice Stone, Mr. Justice Roberts, and Mr. Jus-
tice Cardozo.
Cosimo J. Toscano, of Worcester, Mass.; George Herbert Yag-
jian, of Worcester, Mass.; Guy C. Derry, of Billings, Mont.; Felix
Earl Hagler, of Memphis, Tenn.; Samuel B. Pettengill, of South
Bend, Ind.; Wesley Lloyd, of Tacoma, Wash.; and Walter J. Moossa,
of Worcester, Mass., were admitted to practice.
No. 752. Sinclair Refining Company, petitioner, v. Jenkins Petro-
leum Process Company. Argument continued by Mr. Dean S. Ed-
monds for the petitioner, and concluded by Mr. C. Stanley Thompson
for the respondent.
No. 842. Galen L. Tait, Collector of Internal Revenue, petitioner,
v. Western Maryland Railway Company. Argued by Mr. Whitney
North Seymour for the petitioner, and by Mr. Eugene S. Williams
and Mr. William C. Purnell for the respondent.
Adjourned until Monday, May 15, at 12 o'clock.
141905-33--83

MONDAY, MAY 15, 1933
220
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: The Chief Justice, Mr. Justice Van Devanter, Mr.
Justice Brandeis, Mr. Justice Sutherland, Mr. Justice Butler, Mr.
Justice Stone, Mr. Justice Roberts, and Mr. Justice Cardozo.
George C. Simpson, of Miami, Fla.; Lloyd W. Dinkelspiel, of
San Francisco, Calif.; Paul S. Marrin, of San Francisco, Calif.;
J. Aron Abbott, of Miami, Fla.; Wm. C. McLean, of Tampa, Fla.;
Francis C. Brooke, of Washington, D.C.; Henry H. McPike, of
San Francisco, Calif.; Arvin B. Shaw, Jr., of Los Angeles, Calif.;
Randolph V. Whiting, of San Francisco, Calif.; Ralph C. Binford,
of Tampa, Fla.; William T. Joyner, of Raleigh, N.C.; Henry L.
Walker, of Washington, D.C.; Julian T. Cromelin, of Washington,
D.C.; and Kenneth Rayner, of Memphis, Tenn., were admitted to
practice.
The Chief Justice announced the following orders of the Court:
No. 834. C. J. Allen et al., appellants, v. Galveston Truck Line
Corporation. Appeal from the District Court of the United States
for the Southern District of Texas. Per curiam: Decree affirmed.
(1) Texas & New Orleans R. Co. v. Sabine Tram Co., 227 U.S. 111;
Baltimore & Ohio S. W. R. Co. v. Settle, 260 U.S. 166, 170, 173, 174;
United States v. Erie R. Co., 280 U.S. 98, 101, 102; (2) Buck v.
Kuykendall, 267 U.S. 307, 315, 316; Bush Co. v. Maloy, 267 U.S. 317,
324, 325; Sprout v. South Bend, 277 U.S. 163, 169–171; Bradley v.
Public Utilities Comm., 288 U.S.- (decided April 10, 1933, clerk's
print, p. 2).
No. 927. A. J. Chewning, Jr., appellant, v. The Commonwealth
of Virginia. Appeal from the Supreme Court of Appeals of the
State of Virginia. Per curiam: The appeal herein is dismissed for
the want of a substantial federal question. State Board of Tax
Commissioners v. Jackson, 283 U.S. 527, 537; Castillo v. McConnico,
168 U.S. 674, 683; Moffitt v. Kelley, 218 U.S. 400, 404, 405; Nickel v.
Cole, 256 U.S. 222, 226; Glenn v. Doyall, 285 U.S. 526; Long v.
Kelley, 288 U.S. —.
The Chief Justice said:
"The other orders of the Court appear upon the list certified to
by the Chief Justice and filed with the Clerk and will not be an-
nounced orally."
141905-33-84

MONDAY, MAY 15, 1933
ORDER
221
The General Orders in Bankruptcy heretofore promulgated by this
Court are amended by including therein a new order, numbered LI,
to be immediately effective, and reading as follows:
"No ancillary receiver shall be appointed in any District Court
of the United States in any bankruptcy proceeding pending in any
other District of the United States except (1) upon the application
of the primary receiver, or (2) upon the application of any party
in interest with the consent of the primary receiver, or by leave of
the court of original jurisdiction, or a judge thereof. No applica-
tion for the appointment of such an ancillary receiver shall be
granted unless the petition contains a detailed statement of the facts
showing the necessity for such appointment, which petition shall be
verified by the party in interest, or the primary receiver, or by an
agent of the party in interest or primary receiver specifically author-
ized in writing for that purpose and having knowledge of the facts.
Such authorization shall be attached to the petition."
No.
-
,
original. The State of Alabama, complainant, v. The
States of Arizona, et al. Rules are ordered to issue returnable on
Monday, October 9th next, requiring the defendants to show cause
why leave to file the Bill of Complaint should not be granted.
No.In Re Disbarment of Chauncey Hackett. It having been
shown to the Court that Chauncey Hackett, a member of the Bar
of this Court, has been disbarred by the Supreme Court of the
District of Columbia; and this Court having issued its order, April
17, 1933, suspending the said Hackett from practice before this Court
and requiring him to show cause why he should not be disbarred
from the practice of the law in this Court; and the Court having
received and considered the response of the said Hackett to the rule
aforesaid,
It is ordered that the said Chauncey Hackett be, and he is hereby,
disbarred and that his name be stricken from the roll of attorneys
admitted to practice in this Court.
-
No. In Re J. E. Fleming. It having been shown to the Court
that J. E. Fleming, a member of the Bar of this Court, was disbarred
by the Supreme Court of the State of Oklahoma by its order dated
March 31, 1933; and this Court having issued its order, April 24,
1933, suspending the said Fleming from practice before this Court
and requiring him to show cause why he should not be disbarred
from the practice of the law in this Court; and the said Fleming,
in response to the rule aforesaid, having shown to the Court that
the Supreme Court of the State of Oklahoma, by its order dated
April 24, 1933, has recalled and set aside its order of March 31, 1933,
disbarring the said Fleming from the practice of the law,

MONDAY, MAY 15, 1933
222
It is ordered that the order suspending the said J. E. Fleming
from the practice of the law in this Court is vacated, and the rule
to show cause aforesaid is discharged.
No. 932. Leonard A. Layton, William C. Robinson, et al., peti-
tioners, v. The United States of America. On petition for writ of
certiorari to the Court of Appeals of the District of Columbia. The
motion for leave to proceed further herein in forma pauperis is de-
nied, for the reason that the Court, upon examination of the record
herein submitted finds no ground upon which a writ of certiorari
should issue. The petition for writ of certiorari is therefore also
denied.
No. 922. Board of Supervisors of Harrison County, Iowa, and
Pigeon Creek Drainage District in that County, appellants, v. Board
of Supervisors of Pottawattamie County, Iowa, et al. Further con-
sideration of the question of the jurisdiction of this Court in this
case is postponed to the hearing on the merits. The attention of
counsel is directed to the question of the right of the appellants to
raise the questions presented under the Federal Constitution.
Hunter v. City of Pittsburgh, 207 U.S. 161, 178-181; City of Paw-
huska v. Pawhuska Oil & Gas Co., 250 U.S. 394; Trenton v. New
Jersey, 262 U.S. 182, 185, 188, 191, 192; Railroad Commission v. Los
Angeles R. Co., 280 U.S. 145, 156; Chicago v. Chicago Rapid Transit
Co., 284 U.S. 577, 578; City of Greenville v. Query, 286 U.S. 472, 482.
No. 873. State of Missouri and Franklin Miller, etc., petitioners,
v. Johanna F. Fiske, Amanda F. Wheeler, et al. Petition for writ
of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the
Eighth Circuit granted.
No. 888. Frank E. Cooper, as Trustee in Bankruptcy of Wauchula
Central Pharmacy, Inc., Bankrupt, petitioner, v. R. F. Dasher.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court
of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit granted.
No. 818. Naumkeag Steam Cotton Company, petitioner, v. The
United States. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Claims
denied.
No. 824. Oliver W. Toll, petitioner, v. George W. Casey and
Wheeler S. Peck, as Public Trustee, etc. Petition for writ of cer-
tiorari to the Supreme Court of the State of Colorado denied.
No. 829. New York Dock Railway, Bush Terminal Railroad Com-
pany, et al., petitioners, v. The Pennsylvania Railroad Company.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of
Appeals for the Third Circuit denied.
No. 847. W. F. Daniel, petitioner, v. Florida Industrial Company.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Appeals of
the State of Virginia denied.

MONDAY, MAY 15, 1933
223
No. 849. J. H. Cottman & Co., petitioner, v. The United States.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Customs
and Patent Appeals denied.
No. 852. Louis Haas, Trustee in Bankruptcy of Piedmont Electric
Company, petitioner, v. D. A. Rendleman, as Receiver, etc. Petition
for writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals
for the Fourth Circuit denied.
No. 854. S. P. Rushing and J. C. Falvey, petitioners, v. Mayfield
Company, et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Circuit Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 856. Edward Lampe, petitioner, v. Burdette Smith. Petition
for writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals
for the Sixth Circuit denied.
No. 857. The Simmons Manufacturing Company, petitioner, v.
Carl F. Routzahn, Collector of Internal Revenue for the Eighteenth
District of Ohio. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Circuit Court of Appeals for the Sixth Circuit denied.
No. 858. The New York Edison Company, petitioner, v. Harry G.
Kosch, as Receiver, et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit
denied.
No. 859. W. D. Gordon et al., petitioners, v. Empire Fuel & Gas
Company, et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Circuit Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 869. James C. Ayer, Charles F. Ayer, and Frederick Ayer,
Executors, etc., petitioners, v. Commissioner of Internal Revenue.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of
Appeals for the Second Circuit denied.
No. 870. All Russian Textile Syndicate, Inc., petitioner, v. Com-
missioner of Internal Revenue. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit
denied.
No. 887. New England Fibre Blanket Company, petitioner, v. The
Portland Telegram and C. H. Brockhagen. Petition for writ of
certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the
Ninth Circuit denied.
No. 892. A. J. Wallace, petitioner, v. Commissioner of Internal
Revenue. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Cir-
cuit Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit denied.
No. 897. S. S. "Waalhaven ", her engines, etc., N. V. Maats, et al.,
petitioners, v. Potash Importing Corporation of America. Petition
for writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals
for the Second Circuit denied.
Adjourned until Monday, May 22 next, at 12 o'clock.
Х

MONDAY, MAY 22, 1933
224
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: The Chief Justice, Mr. Justice McReynolds, Mr. Justice
Brandeis, Mr. Justice Sutherland, Mr. Justice Butler, Mr. Justice
Stone, Mr. Justice Roberts, and Mr. Justice Cardozo.
Jack Marshall Seglin, of Hammond, Indiana; Edward A. Kenney,
of Cliffside Park, N.J.; James M. Hanley, of San Francisco, Calif.;
J. W. Schmied, of New York City; Arthur Dunn, of New York
City; Emery L. Frazier, of Whitesburg, Ky.; Hugo E. Hanser, of
New York City; Fred A. Eldean, of Columbia, Mo.; George W.
Ray, Jr., of New York City; John Walton Dinkelspiel, of San
Francisco, Calif.; Charles M. Stark, of San Francisco, Calif.;
Samuel Barron, Jr., of Boston, Mass.; J. G. Reisner, of San Fran-
cisco, Calif.; Richard E. Thigpen, of Charlotte, N.C.; Abram A.
Lebson, of Englewood, N.J.; Nicholas J. Cafarelli, of Union City,
N.J.; John W. Fihelly, of Washington, D.C.; Herbert W. Erskine,
of San Francisco, Calif.; Sam G. Newton, of San Antonio, Texas;
Arthur C. Dale, of Bellefonte, Pa.; J. C. Harraman, of Washington,
D.C.; Oliver L. O'Boyle, of Milwaukee, Wis.; Mildred E. Reeves,
of Washington, D.C.; Kathryn O'Loughlin McCarthy, of Hays,
Kans.; Daniel M. McCarthy, of Mankato, Kans.; Harvey L. Joyce,
of Springdale, Ark.; Jerome B. White, of San Francisco, Calif.;
Francis F. Quittner, of Los Angeles, Calif.; Royal A. Bronson, of
San Francisco, Calif.; Thomas W. Slaven, of San Francisco, Calif.;
Ernest Clyde Collins, of Miami, Fla.; Edward R. Copeland, of
Miami Beach, Fla.; Leon Watterson Wiley, of Du Quoin, Ill.; and
A. B. Bianchi, of San Francisco, Calif, were admitted to practice.
No. 784. Charles N. Bevan, appellant, v. David M. Krieger, as
Sheriff of Lucas County, Ohio;
No. 785. John W. Koehrman, appellant, v. David M. Krieger, as
Sheriff of Lucas County, Ohio; and
No. 786. Robert A. Stranahan, appellant, v. David M. Krieger, as
Sheriff of Lucas County, Ohio. Appeals from the Supreme Court of
the State of Ohio. No. 784, Judgment affirmed with costs. Nos.
785 and 786, appeals dismissed with costs. Opinion by Mr. Justice
Roberts.
141905-33-85

MONDAY, MAY 22, 1933
225
No. 21, original. Ex Parte: Arthur T. LaPrade, petitioner. On
motion for leave to file petition for a writ of mandamus. Peti-
tioner's application for leave to file is granted, the case will be
docketed and respondents' return filed, and a writ of mandamus will
issue commanding the respondents to vacate the decrees against
petitioner and to dismiss the suits as to him. Opinion by Mr.
Justice Butler.
No. 8. National Surety Company et al., petitioners, v. Valeria E.
Coriell, Morris White, Inc.; Irving Trust Company, etc. On writ
of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the
Second Circuit. Decree of the Circuit Court of Appeals reversed
with costs and that of the District Court entered February 2, 1932,
vacated, and the case remanded to the District Court of the United
States for the Southern District of New York for further proceed-
ing not inconsistent with the opinion of this Court. Opinion by
Mr. Justice Brandeis.
No. 18, original. The State of Ohio, plaintiff, v. The Chattanooga
Boiler and Tank Company. Judgment for plaintiff. Opinion by
Mr. Justice Brandeis.
No. 685. The State of South Carolina, petitioner, v. Ray Bailey,
alias Ray Keith. On writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of
the State of North Carolina. Judgment reversed with costs, and
cause remanded to the said Supreme Court for further proceedings
not inconsistent with the opinion of this Court. Opinion by Mr.
Justice McReynolds. Dissenting: Mr. Justice Brandeis and Mr.
Justice Butler.
No. 724. The United States of America ex rel. Anthony Volpe,
petitioner, v. S. D. Smith, District Director of Immigration. On
writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for
the Seventh Circuit. Judgment affirmed, and cause remanded to
the District Court of the United States for the Northern District of
Illinois. Opinion by Mr. Justice McReynolds.
No. 5, original. State of Wisconsin, et al., complainants, v. The
State of Illinois and Sanitary District of Chicago, et al.;
No. 8, original. State of Michigan, et al., complainants, v. The
State of Illinois and Sanitary District of Chicago, et al.; and
No 9, original. State of New York, et al., complainants, v. State
of Illinois and Sanitary District of Chicago, et al. Opinion and
enlargement of decree announced by Mr. Chief Justice Hughes.
The Chief Justice announced the following orders of the Court:
No. 890. Arthur Lewis, appellant, v. The People of the State of
New York. Appeal from the Childrens Court of Broome County,

MONDAY, MAY 22, 1933
226
State of New York. Per curiam: The motion for leave to file
amended statement as to jurisdiction is granted. The appeal herein
is dismissed for the want of jurisdiction. Section 237 (a), Judicial
Code as amended by the Act of February 13, 1925 (43 Stat. 936,
937); Citizens National Bank v. Durr, 257 U.S. 99, 106; Jett Bros.
Distilling Co. v. Carrollton, 252 U.S. 1, 4, 5, 6; Indian Territory
Co. v. Board of Equalization, 287 U.S. 573. Treating the papers
whereon the appeal was allowed as a petition for writ of certiorari
(Sec. 237 (c) Judicial Code as amended (43 Stat. 936, 938)), certi-
orari is denied.
No. 919. The Western Public Service Company, appellant, v. City
of Mitchell. Appeal from the Supreme Court of the State of Ne-
braska. Per curiam: The motion to dismiss the appeal herein is
granted and the appeal is dismissed for the want of a final judgment.
Grays Harbor Co. v. Coats-Fordney Co., 243 U.S. 251, 255, 256;
Ornstein v. Chesapeake & Ohio Ry. Co., 284 U.S. 572; Meagher v.
Minnesota Thresher Mfg. Co., 145 U.S. 608, 611; California National
Bank v. Statler, 171 U.S. 447, 449; Cotton v. Hawaii, 211 U.S. 162,
170, 171; Bruce v. Tobin, 245 U.S. 18.
The Chief Justice said:
"The other orders of the Court appear upon the list certified to
by the Chief Justice and filed with the Clerk and will not be
announced orally."
No. 201. Adele T. Salisbury, petitioner, v. George R. Salisbury.
The motion to vacate order denying petition for writ of certiorari
in this case is denied.
No. 905. Thomas H. Welch, petitioner, v. Commissioner of In-
ternal Revenue. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Circuit Court of Appeals for the Eighth Circuit granted.
No. 848. George E. Goodwin, petitioner, v. The United States.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Claims denied.
No. 860. The New York, Chicago & St. Louis Railroad Company,
petitioner, v. Homer H. Boulden. Petition for writ of certiorari
the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Seventh Circuit
denied.
No. 861. Charles W. Bryan, as Governor of the State of Nebraska,
etc., et al., petitioners, v. Hubbell Bank of Hubbell, Nebraska, et al.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of the State
of Nebraska denied.

MONDAY, MAY 22, 1933
227
No. 862. Victoria Materials & Gravel Company, George E. Cole,
H. S. Wilder, et al., petitioners, v. Sauerman Bros., Inc. Petition
for writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals
for the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 871. Glenmore Securities Corporation, petitioner, v. Commis-
sioner of Internal Revenue. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit
denied.
No. 876. Joseph I. Cromwell, petitioner, v. Alburn E. Skinner
and Lou G. Fellows. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United
States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Tenth Circuit denied.
No. 877. J. Leon Lascoff, William Mansfield, Willis G. Gregory,
et al., etc., petitioners, v. Hyman Pratter. Petition for writ of
certiorari to the Supreme Court of the State of New York denied.
No. 878. Thomaston Cotton Mills, petitioner, v. J. T. Rose, Col-
lector of Internal Revenue for the Collection District of Georgia.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court
of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 879. The Cincinnati Underwriters Agency Company, peti-
tioner, v. Commissioner of Internal Revenue. Petition for writ of
certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the
Sixth Circuit denied.
No. 881. Clinton Williams, petitioner, v. The United States of
America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Cir-
cuit Court of Appeals for the Fourth Circuit denied.
No. 883. John T. Barton, petitioner, v. The Automobile Insurance
Company of Hartford, Connecticut. Petition for writ of certiorari
to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the First Circuit
denied.
No. 884. Southern Transportation Company et al., petitioners, v.
Interstate Commerce Commission. Petition for writ of certiorari
to the Court of Appeals of the District of Columbia denied.
No. 893. Aetna Life Insurance Company, petitioner, v. Lucy G.
Wharton. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Cir-
cuit Court of Appeals for the Eighth Circuit denied.
No. 895. Ely Norris Safe Company, petitioner, v. The Mosler Safe
Company. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Circuit Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit denied.
No. 896. Augusta L. Voigt, petitioner, v. Jerome H. Remick,
Jerome H. Remick, Trustee, et al. Pétition for writ of certiorari
to the Supreme Court of the State of Michigan denied.

MONDAY, MAY 22, 1933
228
No. 898, District of Columbia, petitioner, v. Frank Gladson Leys;
and
No. 899. District of Columbia, petitioner, v. Robert H. Leys.
Petition for writs of certiorari to the Court of Appeals of the
District of Columbia denied.
No. 904. E. S. Chapman, petitioner, v. Memphis Press-Scimitar
Company. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Circuit Court of Appeals for the Sixth Circuit denied.
No. 913. H. Wagner and Adler Company, petitioner, v. Societe
Anonyme Iwan Simonis. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit
denied.
No. 917. Southern Holding & Securities Corporation et al., peti-
tioners, v. The Commonwealth of Kentucky. Petition for writ
of certiorari to the Court of Appeals of the Commonwealth of
Kentucky denied.
No. 724. The United States of America ex rel. Anthony Volpe,
petitioner, v. S. D. Smith, District Director of Immigration. Man-
date granted on motion of Mr. Solicitor General Biggs for the
respondent.
No. -, original. Ex Parte: B. W. Lansdown and M. W. Lans-
down and others, petitioners. Motion for leave to file petition for
writ of mandamus submitted by Mr. Erwin M. Treusch for the
petitioners.
No. 657. Federal Radio Commission, petitioner, v. Nelson Brothers
Bond & Mortgage Company;
No. 658. Federal Radio Commission, petitioner, v. North Shore
Church;
No. 659. Federal Radio Commission and Johnson-Kennedy Radio
Corporation, petitioners, v. Nelson Brothers Bond & Mortgage Com-
pany; and
No. 660. Federal Radio Commission and Johnson-Kennedy Radio
Corporation, petitioners, v. North Shore Church. Time within
which to file petitions for rehearing limited to May 26 and mandates
granted on motion of Mrs. Mabel Walker Willebrandt for the peti-
tioner, Johnson-Kennedy Radio Corporation.
No. 818. Naumkeag Steam Cotton Company, petitioner, v. The
United States. Motion for extension of term and for extension of
time to file petition for rehearing submitted by Mr. Richard B.
Barker for the petitioner in support of the motion and by Mr.
Solicitor General Biggs for the respondent in opposition thereto.

MONDAY, MAY 22, 1933
229
No. 104. Bankers Pocahontas Coal Company, petitioner, v. Com-
missioner of Internal Revenue. Motion to modify mandate sub-
mitted by Mr. Camden R. McAtee for the petitioner, and leave
granted respondent to file opposition thereto by Wednesday next on
motion of Mr. Solicitor General Biggs in that behalf.
No. 6, original. State of Louisiana, complainant, v. State of Missis-
sippi. Report of the Boundary Commissioner presented.
No. 943. William A. Schroeder, petitioner, v. State of Wisconsin.
Motion to diminish record and for an extension of time to make
service submitted by Mr. William L. Tibbs for the petitioner, in
support of the motion, and by Mr. C. Stanley Perry, for the respond-
ent, in opposition thereto.
Adjourned until Monday, May 29, at 12 o'clock.

MONDAY, MAY 29, 1933
230
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: The Chief Justice, Mr. Justice Van Devanter, Mr. Jus-
tice McReynolds, Mr. Justice Brandeis, Mr. Justice Sutherland, Mr.
Justice Butler, Mr. Justice Stone, Mr. Justice Roberts, and Mr. Jus-
tice Cardozo.
Joseph S. Robinson, of New York City; John P. McGrath, of
New York City; A. J. May, of Prestonsburg, Ky.; Henry Ellen-
bogen, of Pittsburgh, Pa.; Sam L. Collins, of Santa Ana, Calif.;
Martin J. McNamara, of Washington, D.C.; Ralph A. Ricketts, of
Washington, D.C.; William C. McCreery, of Brooklyn, N.Y.; Ma-
rion Ryan McCown, of Tryon, N.C.; Daniel L. McNamara, of
Brooklyn, N.Y.; James F. Hubbell, of Utica, N.Y.; Daniel A.
Shea, of Boston, Mass.; John J. McNaboe, of New York City;
James P. Kem, of Kansas City, Mo.; Earl J. Garey, of New York
City; Edward K. Kennedy, of New Rochelle, N.Y.; Nash R. Adams,
of Dallas, Tex.; Elmer V. Griggs, of White Plains, N.Y.; Louis J.
Carruthers, of New York City; Stanley H. Fuld, of New York City;
E. Everett Mather, Jr., of Drexel Hill, Pa.; Samuel Carliner, of Bal-
timore, Md.; W. Frank Every, of Baltimore, Md.; Daniel W. Perkins,
of Jacksonville, Fla.; Willard U. Taylor, of New York City; Burn-
ham Asch, of Charlotte, N.C.; Casimir Walter Sypniewski, of Pitts-
burgh, Pa.; John E. Cassidy, of Peoria, Ill.; Franklin Dickey, of
Indianapolis, Ind.; Louis J. Feit, of Elizabeth, N.J.; John Herron
White, of Borger, Tex.; Mac Q. Williamson, of Pauls Valley, Okla.;
Doyle Campbell, of Tampa, Fla.; Francis J. Mizell, Jr., of Florala,
Ala.; J. Bowers Campbell, of Fort Myers, Fla.; Edwin D. Hicks,
of Canyon City, Oreg.; B. K. Roberts, of Tallahassee, Fla.; Robert
Brodie, of Tampa, Fla.; Allison E. Palmer, of Orlando, Fla.; and
Raymond Howard Shanaman, of Kalkaska, Mich.; were admitted
to practice.
No. 792. David Burnet, Commissioner of Internal Revenue, peti-
tioner, v. Frederick B. Wells. On writ of certiorari to the United
States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Eighth Circuit. Judgment
reversed and cause remanded to the said Circuit Court of Appeals
for further proceedings in conformity with the opinion of this
Court. Opinion by Mr. Justice Cardozo. Dissenting opinion by
141905-33-86

MONDAY, MAY 29, 1933
231
Mr. Justice Sutherland in which Mr. Justice Van Devanter, Mr.
Justice McReynolds, and Mr. Justice Butler join.
No. 791. Irenee du Pont, petitioner, v. Commissioner of Internal
Revenue. On writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court
of Appeals for the Third Circuit. Judgment affirmed and cause
remanded to the said Circuit Court of Appeals. Opinion by Mr.
Justice Cardozo. Mr. Justice Van Devanter, Mr. Justice Mc-
Reynolds, Mr. Justice Sutherland, and Mr. Justice Butler concur.
No. 752. Sinclair Refining Company, petitioner, v. Jenkins Petro-
leum Process Company. On writ of certiorari to the United States
Circuit Court of Appeals for the First Circuit. Decree affirmed
with costs, and cause remanded to the District Court of the United
States for the District of Maine. Opinion by Mr. Justice Cardozo.
No. 842. Galen L. Tait, Collector of Internal Revenue, petitioner,
v. Western Maryland Railway Company. On writ of certiorari
to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Fourth Cir-
cuit. Judgment affirmed with costs and cause remanded to the Dis-
trict Court of the United States for the District of Maryland.
Opinion by Mr. Justice Roberts.
No. 1. The Texas and Pacific Railway Company, Louisiana and
Arkansas Railway Company, et al., appellants, v. The United States
of America, Interstate Commerce Commission, et al. Appeal from
the District Court of the United States for the Southern District
of Texas. Decree reversed, and cause remanded to said District
Court for further proceedings in conformity with the opinion of
this Court. Opinion by Mr. Justice Roberts. Dissenting opinion
by Mr. Justice Stone, in which the Chief Justice, Mr. Justice
Brandeis, and Mr. Justice Cardozo concur.
No. 2, original. The State of Vermont, complainant, v. The State
of New Hampshire. Opinion announced by Mr. Justice Stone con-
cluding that the true boundary is at the low-water mark on the
western side of the Connecticut River, as the Special Master has
found. The parties, or either of them, if so advised, may, within
thirty days, submit the form of decree to carry the opinion into
effect, failing which the Court will prepare and enter the decree.
The Chief Justice took no part in the consideration or decision of
this case.
No. 732. Richard Reid Rogers, petitioner, v. George W. Hill,
A. C. Mower, Charles A. Penn, et al. On writ of certiorari to the
United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit.
Decree of the Circuit Court of Appeals reversed with costs. Decree
of the District Court of the United States for the Southern District
of New York dismissing the bills on the merits vacated, and case
remanded to said District Court with directions to reinstate its decree

MONDAY, MAY 29, 1933
232
granting injunction pendente lite and for further proceedings in
conformity with the opinion of this Court. Opinion by Mr. Justice
Butler. Mr. Justice Roberts took no part in the consideration or
decision of this case.
No. 729. Daniel W. O'Donoghue v. The United States; and
No. 730. William Hitz v. The United States. On certificates from
the Court of Claims. Question No. 1 answered in the affirmative,
question No. 2 answered in the negative. Opinion by Mr. Justice
Sutherland. Mr. Chief Justice Hughes, Mr. Justice Van Devanter,
and Mr. Justice Cardozo dissent.
No. 728. Thomas S. Williams v. The United States. On certifi-
cate from the Court of Claims. Questions Nos. 1 and 2 are answered
in the negative, question No. 3 answered in the affirmative. Opinion
by Mr. Justice Sutherland.
No. 767. Harold L. Ickes, Secretary of the Interior, petitioner, v.
United States of America ex rel. Chestatee Pyrites & Chemical Cor-
poration. On writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals of the Dis-
trict of Columbia. Judgment reversed and cause remanded to the
said Court of Appeals for further proceedings in conformity with
the opinion of this Court. Opinion by Mr. Justice Brandeis.
No. 735. John H. Leighton, James A. McPherson, Sue P. Leigh-
ton et al., petitioners, v. The United States of America. On writ of
certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the
Ninth Circuit. Judgment affirmed and cause remanded to the Dis-
trict Court of the United States for the Northern District of Cali-
fornia. Opinion by Mr. Justice McReynolds.
No. 711. Benjamin F. Johnson, petitioner, v. Manhattan Railway
Company et al.; and
No. 721. Lillian Boehm, petitioner, v. Manhattan Railway Com-
pany et al. On writs of certiorari to the United States Circuit
Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit. Decree affirmed with
costs, and cases remanded to the District Court of the United States
for the Southern District of New York. Opinion by Mr. Justice
Van Devanter. Mr. Justice Butler concurs in the result. The Chief
Justice and Mr. Justice Brandeis did not hear the argument or
participate in the decision.
No. 701. Angelo Quercia, petitioner, v. The United States of
America. On writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court
of Appeals for the First Circuit. Judgment reversed and cause
remanded to the District Court of the United States for the District
of Massachusetts for further proceedings in conformity with the
opinion of this Court. Opinion by Mr. Chief Justice Hughes.
No. 718. Conrad, Rubin & Lesser, petitioners, v. Horace G.
Pender, Trustee in Bankruptcy. On writ of certiorari to the United

MONDAY, MAY 29, 1933
233
States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit. Order
affirmed with costs, and cause remanded to the District Court of the
United States for the Southern District of New York. Opinion by
Mr. Chief Justice Hughes.
The Chief Justice announced the following order of the Court:
No. 941. Carl A. Mueller, appellant, v. The People of the State
of Illinois. Appeal from the Supreme Court of the State of Illinois.
Per curiam: The appeal is dismissed for the want of a substantial
Federal question. Waters-Pierce Oil Co. v. Texas (No. 1), 212 U.S.
86, 108-111; Fox v. Washington, 236 U.S. 273, 277; Miller v. Strahl,
239 U.S. 426, 434; Omaechevarria v. Idaho, 246 U.S. 343, 348; Hy-
grade Provision Co. v. Sherman, 266 U.S. 497, 501-503; Bandini v.
Superior Court, 284 U.S. 8, 18; Sproles v. Binford, 286 U.S. 374,
393; Lavine v. California, 286 U.S. 528; Leach v. California, 287
U.S. 579, 580.
The Chief Justice said:
"The other orders of the Court appear upon the list certified to
by the Chief Justice and filed with the Clerk and will not be an-
nounced orally."
-
No. In Re Disbarment of Herman Woodward Winburn. It
having been suggested to the Court that Herman Woodward Win-
burn has been guilty of conduct unbecoming a member of the Bar
of this Court in that he made application for admission and was
admitted to this Bar as a member in good standing of the bar of the
Supreme Court of the State of North Carolina without disclosing
that he had been a member of the bar of the Supreme Court of the
State of Louisiana under the name of Herman Winsberg and had,
under that name and by virtue of his membership of that bar, a
pending application for admission to the Bar of this Court, and
without disclosing that he had caused the cancelation of his license
to practice as a member of the Bar of the Supreme Court of the
State of Louisiana in order to avoid disbarment proceedings based
upon the charge of an offense involving moral turpitude,
'
And this Court, by order of April 17, 1933, having suspended
the said Herman Woodward Winburn from the practice of the law
before this Court and having directed the issue of a rule requiring
the said Winburn to show cause why he should not be disbarred
from the practice of the law in this Court upon the ground that
he has been guilty of conduct unbecoming a member of the Bar of
this Court, as aforesaid,

MONDAY, MAY 29, 1933
234
And the said Winburn having filed return to said rule and having
requested the appointment of a committee of members of the Bar
of this Court to investigate his record,
It is ordered that the rule to show cause and the return aforesaid,
together with all papers which have been filed with the Clerk of
this Court in relation to this matter be, and the same are hereby,
referred to Mr. George A. King, of Washington, D.C., to Mr. Charles
Frederic Wilson, of Washington, D.C., and to Mr. Frederick W. Mc-
Reynolds, of Washington, D.C., as a committee of the Bar of this
Court, to make such inquiry into the matter as may be necessary
or appropriate and thereupon to make a report and recommendation
respecting the final action to be taken herein by this Court con-
formably to Rule 2, paragraph 5 of the Rules of this Court.
No. . In Re Disbarment of Oscar C. Thomas, Robert E. J.
Whalen, Sylvester L. McLaurin, Abner Siegal, and Harry H. Hol-
lander. It having been shown to the Court that Oscar C. Thomas,
Robert E. J. Whalen, Sylvester L. McLaurin, Abner Siegal, and
Harry H. Hollander, of Washington, D.C., members of the Bar
of this Court, have been disbarred from the practice of the law by
the Supreme Court of the District of Columbia,
And it appearing that by order of April 17, 1933, this Court
suspended the said Oscar C. Thomas, Robert E. J. Whalen, Sylvester
L. McLaurin, Abner Siegal, and Harry H. Hollander from the prac-
tice of the law in this Court and directed that rules issue requiring
these members of the Bar to show cause, under Rule 2, why they
should not be disbarred from the further practice of the law in this
Court,
And it appearing that said rules were duly issued and served
upon each of said respondents; and the return day of said rules
having passed and no return or answer to said rules having been
filed by or in behalf of said respondents or any of them,
It is now here ordered that the said Oscar C. Thomas, Robert
E. J. Whalen, Sylvester L. McLaurin, Abner Siegal, and Harry H.
Hollander, be, and they are hereby disbarred, and that their names
be stricken from the roll of attorneys admitted to practice in this
Court.
No., original. Ex Parte: B. W. Lansdown and M. W. Lans-
down and others, petitioners. The motion for leave to file petition
for writ of mandamus is denied without prejudice to application to
the United States Circuit Court of Appeals.
No. 2, original. The State of Vermont, complainant, v. The State
of New Hampshire. An order is entered fixing the amount of com-
pensation and allowing expenses incurred by the Special Master
herein.

MONDAY, MAY 29, 1933
235
No. 5, original. The State of Wisconsin et al., complainants, v.
The State of Illinois et al.;
No. 8, original. The State of Michigan et al., complainants, v. The
State of Illinois et al.; and
No. 9, original. The State of New York et al., complainants, v. The
State of Illinois et al. An order is entered fixing the amount of
compensation and allowing expenses incurred by the Special Master
herein.
No. 13, original. State of New Jersey, complainant, v. The City
of New York. May 8, 1933, complainant filed its petition repre-
senting that the defendant has failed to take action necessary to
comply with our decree entered December 7, 1931 (284 U.S. 585),
and praying an order that defendant show cause why it should not
be adjudged in contempt. On the same day defendant filed an
application asserting its inability to comply with the decree within
the time limited, and praying that the time for the taking effect of
the injunction be extended from June 1, 1933, to April 1, 1934. It
is ordered:
These applications will be heard November 6, 1933.
Edward K. Campbell is appointed Special Master, empowered
to issue subpoenas for witnesses and to take the evidence that may be
offered by the respective parties, and also such as he may deem
necessary, to show: (1) What shall have been done by defendant,
up to September 15, 1933, and the time reasonably required to en-
able it to comply with the decree; (2) The amounts that shall have
been expended, subsequent to June 1, 1933, by New Jersey and its
political subdivisions to prevent or lessen the defilement or pollu-
tion of the waters, shores or beaches within that State and the
damages respectively sustained by them as a result of defendant's
failure to comply with the decree.
The evidence shall be taken at such times and places as the
Master, by notice to counsel, shall fix. And he is directed to report
to the Court, not later than October 20, 1933, the evidence so taken,
together with his findings of fact thereon. His findings will be
subject to consideration, revision or approval by the Court. When
the report of the Special Master is filed the Clerk of the Court shall
cause the same to be printed and the Court, without the filing of
exceptions, will hear the parties thereon.
The Special Master shall be allowed his actual expenses and a
reasonable compensation for his services to be fixed hereafter by
the Court. The allowances to him, the compensation paid to his
stenographic and clerical assistants, and the cost of printing his
report shall be charged against and be borne by the parties in such
proportion as the Court hereafter may direct.

<
MONDAY, MAY 29, 1933
236
If the appointment herein made of a Special Master is not ac-
cepted, or if the place becomes vacant during the recess of the
Court, the Chief Justice shall have authority to make a new desig-
nation which shall have the same effect as if originally made by
the Court herein.
No. 818. Naumkeag Steam Cotton Company, petitioner, v. The
United States. The motion for an extension of time within which
to file petition for rehearing is granted.
No. 104. Bankers Pocahontas Coal Company, petitioner, v. Com-
missioner of Internal Revenue. The motion to modify the judg-
ment in this case is denied.
No. 693. John Factor, petitioner, v. H. C. W. Laubenheimer,
United States Marshal and Godfrey Haggard, His Britannic
Majesty's Consul General. This case is restored to the docket and
assigned for reargument on Monday, October 9 next, upon all ques-
tions involved, including the question whether the offense charged
is an extraditable offense under the Treaty of 1889, even if the of-
fense does not constitute a crime under the law of the State of
Illinois or under any acts of Congress. The attention of counsel
is directed to the interpretation placed upon Article X of the treaty
of 1842 by the Secretary of State of the United States, John C.
Calhoun, shortly after the ratification of the Treaty (August 7,
1844, January 28, 1845, MSS. Inst. Gr. Br.), and also to the avail-
able diplomatic correspondence relating to Article X of the Treaty
of 1842 and the Treaty of 1889.
No. 972. Raymond J. Funkhouser et al., etc., appellants, v. J. B.
Preston Company, Inc. In this case probable jurisdiction is noted.
The motion to dismiss is denied.
No. 989. City Bank Farmers Trust Company, Executor, etc.,
appellant, v. William A. Schnader, Attorney General, etc., et al.
In this case probable jurisdiction is noted.
No. 994. Life & Casualty Insurance Company, appellant, v. Ossie
McCray. Further consideration of the question of the jurisdiction
of this court in this case, and of the motion to dismiss or affirm
is postponed to the hearing of the case on the merits.
No. 971. Sarah Elizabeth Stringfellow, a widow, petitioner, v.
Atlantic Coast Line Railroad Company. The motion for leave to
proceed further herein in forma pauperis is granted. The Clerk is
directed to cause the petition and record to be printed. The peti-
tioner shall serve copies thereof upon the respondent or its counsel
within 10 days after such printing and the respondent may have
20 days after such service within which to file briefs opposing the
petition.

MONDAY, MAY 29, 1933
237
No. 915. J. J. Nathanson, petitioner, v. The United States of
America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit
Court of Appeals for the Third Circuit granted and case assigned
for argument on Monday, October 9 next, after the cases heretofore.
assigned for that day.
No. 942. Charles A. Shepard, petitioner, v. The United States of
America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit
Court of Appeals for the Tenth Circuit granted and case assigned
for argument on Monday, October 9 next, after the cases hereto-
fore assigned for that day.
No. 874. The United States of America, as Trustee, etc., et al.,
petitioners v. H. S. McGowan et al.; and
No. 875. The United States of America, as Trustee, etc., et al.,
petitioners, v. Bakers Bay Fish Company et al. Petition for writs
of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the
Ninth Circuit granted.
No. 900. The United States of America, petitioner, v. F. H. Reily.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court
of Appeals for the Tenth Circuit granted.
No. 903. The John K. & Catherine S. Mullen Benevolent Corpora-
tion, petitioner, v. The United States. Petition for writ of certiorari
to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit
granted.
No. 908. Keystone Driller Company, petitioner, v. General Exca-
vator Company;
No. 909. Keystone Driller Company, petitioner, v. General Exca-
vator Company;
No. 910. Keystone Driller Company, petitioner, v. The Osgood
Company; and
No. 911. Keystone Driller Company, petitioner, v. The Osgood
Company. Petition for writs of certiorari to the United States
Circuit Court of Appeals for the Sixth Circuit granted.
No. 912. Harold T. Griswold et al., etc., petitioners, v. Commis-
sioner of Internal Revenue. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Seventh Circuit
granted.
No. 962. First National Bank of Cincinnati et al, v. Rudolph B.
Flershem et al. etc.;
No. 963. First National Bank of Cincinnati et al. v. Rudolph B.
Flershem et al., etc. and
No. 964. Amy Arzt and Josephine Ramsey, petitioners, v. Rudolph
B. Flershem et al., etc. Petitions for writs of certiorari to the
United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Third Circuit
granted.

MONDAY, MAY 29, 1933
238
No. 965. Lily Clapier, petitioner, v. Rudolph B. Flershem et al.,
etc. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit
Court of Appeals for the Third Circuit granted.
No. 930. L. M. Dakin, as Receiver, etc., petitioner, v. Taver Bayly,
as Liquidator, etc. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United
States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit granted.
No. 976. David Burnet, Commissioner of Internal Revenue, peti-
tioner, v. Julia Butterworth et al., etc. Petition for writ of cer-
tiorari to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Third
Circuit granted.
No. 977. David Burnet, Commissioner of Internal Revenue, peti-
tioner, v. Fidelity-Philadelphia Trust Company, Trustee, etc. Peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of
Appeals for the Third Circuit granted.
No. 978. David Burnet, Commissioner of Internal Revenue, peti-
tioner, v. Frank Pardee et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Third Circuit
granted.
No. 979. David Burnet, Commissioner of Internal Revenue, peti-
tioner, v. Title Guarantee Loan & Trust Company, as Trustee, etc.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of
Appeals for the Fifth Circuit granted.
No. 943. William A. Schroeder, petitioner, v. State of Wisconsin.
The motion to diminish the record is denied. Petition for writ of
certiorari to the Supreme Court of the State of Wisconsin is also
denied.
No. 687. France and Canada Cie. Francaise de Navigation, peti-
tioner, v. The United States. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
Court of Claims denied.
No. 880. Stephen J. Richards, petitioner, v. The United States of
America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit
Court of Appeals for the First Circuit denied.
No. 882. Herbert D. Robinson, Executor of the Estate of Bernard
Wurzburger, petitioner, v. Commissioner of Internal Revenue. Peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of
Appeals for the Sixth Circuit denied.
No. 889. Robert Carnahan, petitioner, v. The United States of
America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit
Court of Appeals for the Eighth Circuit denied.
No. 901. John P. H. Chandler, petitioner, v. John H. Field, Col-
lector of Internal Revenue. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the First Circuit denied.
141905-33- -87

MONDAY, MAY 29, 1933
239
No. 902. Frank James Thompson, petitioner, v. The United States
of America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Circuit Court of Appeals for the Fourth Circuit denied.
No. 907. Gulf, Mobile, and Northern Railroad Company et al.,
petitioners, v. Mrs. Sadie Wood, Administratrix, etc. Petition for
writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of the State of Mississippi
denied.
No. 914. Patrick J. Commerford, petitioner, v. The United States
of America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Circuit Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit denied.
No. 918.Missouri Pacific Railroad Company, petitioner, v. Ben F.
Morrison. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court
of the State of Arkansas denied.
No. 920. Vourdon H. Fricke, petitioner, v. Morris J. Levin,
Trustee in Bankruptcy, etc. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Eighth Circuit
denied.
No. 921. Societa Anonima Cantiere Olivo, petitioner, v. Federal
Insurance Company et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit
denied.
No. 923. Alfred Martin, William J. Sandberg, et al., petitioners,
v. H. C. Miller Company. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Seventh Circuit
denied.
No. 925. Will Horwitz and Manuel C. Guerra, petitioners, v. The
United States of America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 928. The Greylock Mills, petitioner, v. Thomas W. White,
Collector of Internal Revenue. Petition for writ of certiorari to
the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the First Circuit
denied.
No. 933. Alexander Film Company, petitioner, v. H. L. Ligon.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of the State of
Texas denied.
No. 937. The People of the State of Illinois ex rel. George F.
Koester, Jr., petitioner, v. Board of Appeals of Cook County, Illi-
nois. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of the
State of Illinois denied.
No. 938. George F. Koester, Jr., petitioner, v. Joseph B. McDon-
ough, County Treasurer etc. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
Supreme Court of the State of Illinois denied.
No. 944. B. A. Baldwin and T. A. Cargill, Trading as Baldwin &
Cargill, petitioners, v. Texas & New Orleans Railroad Company.

MONDAY, MAY 29, 1933
240
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of
Appeals for the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 945. The Safe Cabinet Company, petitioner, v. The Globe-
Wernicke Company. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United
States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Seventh Circuit denied.
No. 947. The Texas & Pacific Railway Company et al., petitioners,
v. Smith Brothers, Incorporated. Petition for writ of certiorari to
the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit
denied.
No. 952. The Union Railway Company of New York City, peti-
tioner, v. Howard Jensen. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
Supreme Court of the State of New York denied.
No. 958. Southern Railway Company, petitioner, v. Mary Eliza-
beth Colonna, Administratrix, etc. Petition for writ of certiorari
to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Fourth Circuit
denied.
No. 961. Fidelity-Phenix Fire Insurance Company of New York
et al., petitioners, v. Benedict Coal Corporation. Petition for writ
of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the
Fourth Circuit denied.
No. 973. Karl Foley, petitioner, v. The United States of America.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of
Appeals for the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 981. Yenkichi Ito, petitioner, v. The United States of Amer-
ica. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit
Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit denied.
No. 984. Augustine Friscia, Peter Friscia, et al., petitioners, v.
The United States of America. Petition for writ of certiorari to
the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit
denied.
No. 926. New York Life Insurance Company, petitioner, v. Mary
Kwetkauskas. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Circuit Court of Appeals for the Third Circuit denied.
No. 953. Sun Life Assurance Company of Canada et al., petition-
tioners v. Emma D. Jensma. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit denied.
No. 980. Finance Service Company, petitioner, v. Irving Trust
Company, Trustee, etc. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United
States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit denied.
No. 988. Dave Dolff and Mike Meyers, petitioners, v. The United
States of America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United
States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Seventh Circuit denied.

MONDAY, MAY 29, 1933
241
No. 1002. John Jeznis and Constance Mack, petitioners, v. The
United States of America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Third Circuit
denied.
No. 931. Harry Kaufman, petitioner, v. The Penn Mutual Life
Insurance Company. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court
of Appeals of the District of Columbia denied.
No. 701. Angelo Quercia, petitioner, v. The United States of
America. Mandate granted on motion of Mr. Whitney North Sey-
mour for the respondent.
ORDER
All cases submitted and all business before the Court at this term
having been disposed of,
It is ordered by this Court that all cases on the docket be, and
they are hereby, continued to the next term.
Adjourned to the time and place appointed by law.
Х