P.V.
50
I
OCTOBER TERM, 1941
STATISTICS
469709
S.C.
Number of cases on docket_
Cases disposed of
Remaining on docket --
Original
Appellate
Total
12
10
220
1,290
1, 166
1, 302
124
1, 168
134
Cases disposed of-
By written opinions_
175
By per curiam opinions
201
By denial or dismissal of petitions for certiorari___.
By motion to dismiss or per stipulation ____
787
5
Number of written opinions_.
Number of admissions to bar…….
151
985
REFERENCE INDEX
Stone, C. J., announcement of nomination and confirmation___
Byrnes, J., announcement of nomination and confirmation ___
Jackson, J., announcement of nomination and confirmation
Brandeis, J., death of (October 5, 1941) announced__
Van Devanter, J., resolutions of the Bar presented by Attorney
General Biddle___.
Page
1
1
13
1
3
183
Francis Biddle, Attorney General, presented___.
Charles Fahy, Solicitor General, presented -----
38
82
Declaration of War-Court recessed to attend joint session of
Congress (December 8, 1941) ---
86
Advisory Committee on Rules of Civil Procedure designated a
continuing body----
113
Criminal Rules Advisory Committee authorized to recommend
amendments to Criminal Appeals Rules__
76
Hugh D. McLellan appointed a member of Criminal Rules
Advisory Committee ____
56
Disbarment, In the matter of-
David L. Starr___
8,89
Howard C. Hopson__.
9,107
John Duggan, Jr..
Paysoff Tinkoff
222, 267
267
Attorney-change of name__
Rules of Supreme Court-Rule 12, par. 1, amended.
420417-42-98
231,257
210

II
B
Rules for Admiralty Courts-Rule 442 promulgated___
Rules for Admiralty Courts-Rule 46 amended...
Allotment of Justices_-_
Bond of Marshal approved---
Counsel appointed (Nos. 510; 1059).
Counsel appointed from the bench at request of litigant at time
case called for hearing (No. 1169)
Page
243
275
I
39
243
52, 257
254, 268
Opinions amended (Nos. 666 O. T. 1940; 16; 28: 49; 245; 64; 238
& 251; 830; 595; 348
Judgments affirmed by equally divided court (Nos. 325; 529;
745) ____
36, 100, 176, 201, 214, 223, 262, 267, 279
Certificate to Attorney General (Nos. 964; 1252).
Damages awarded (No. 1212) ---
Costs-order permitting parties to make deposits to defray
expenses of Special Master (No. 9, Original) -
Costs mandates recalled for correction as to costs (Nos. 37;
19) ___
Printing record -expense to be borne by United States (Nos.
949; 1163)
Oral argument-Court requested oral argument following sub-
mission on briefs (No. 782)_.
Reargument ordered (Nos. 799–800; 1040: 1080: 500) ---
164, 222
202, 276
257
211
114, 211
276
222
244.
252, 268, 276
Summary docket-cases transferred to (Nos. 644 etc.) ----
Moot case certiorari to review denial of habeas corpus denied
(No. 912)
Stay order (No. 1119) ---
Stay order continued until further order of the Court (No. 713)
and subsequently an order entered prohibiting officials from
removing party from State
225
165
239
89, 100, 107
Habeas corpus denied without prejudice, it not appearing that
State remedies had been exhausted (John Botwinski) ------
Appeal dismissed as to appellant United States-prosecution
continued by I. C. C. and railroad (No. 223) ---
Appeals dismissed for want of quorum of Justices qualified to
sit (Nos. 40-41) __
Appeal from U. S. District Court dismissed. it not appearing
that questions involved were substantial (No. 950). See
amendment to Rule 12
113
85
88
200, 210
223
Appeal dismissed and certiorari granted (No. 1083) ---
Certiorari granted over opposition that application not timely
because time computed from order for mandate (2nd Circuit)
rather than opinion (No. 248) --
18
Certiorari granted on Government's consent (Nos. 50; 532) -- 88, 175
SEP 17 '42

III
Page
158
10, 11, 134, 212, 269
Certiorari addressed to a Judge of state court (No. 837). See
opinion____
Certiorari denied for failure to file within time (Nos. 284; 296;
507; 344; 586; 842; 1035; 1204; 1217) -----
Certiorari denied for failure to file within time. Time computed
from order denying rehearing in companion case (No. 122) --
Certiorari denied, it not appearing from the record that federal
question was necessarily decided below (Nos. 295; 160) 19,48
Certiorari, petition for, dismissed for failure to comply with
rules (Nos. 303; 1046) ---
48
38, 47, 262, 269
Certiorari denied for want of final judgment (No. 669) __.
Certiorari, writ of, dismissed for want of final judgment. Re-
hearing granted following further proceedings in state courts
(No. 280). See opinion____
66
148,274
Certiorari denied-three Justices dissenting (No. 894).
Certiorari denied without prejudice to application for writ of
habeas corpus to U. S. District Court (No. 1045) --
Certiorari-order of denial vacated ex mero motu (Nos. 314;
619) ___
Motion for leave to intervene granted (Ex Parte Texas)
Motion to extend time to file rehearing until next Term denied
(Nos. 325; 745) ---
Rehearing granted (Nos. 1023 O. T. 1940; 962-963-980 O. T.
1940; 901 O. T. 1940; Louisiana v. Cummins; 154-5-6; 990
O. T. 1940; 644-5-6; 280; 315; 1941) -----
166
277
195,227
– 70, 77
272
9,
46, 56, 64, 107, 176, 274, 275, 276
Rehearing granted and judgment this Court vacated on stipula-
tion showing that subsequent to entry of judgment parties had
agreed upon settlement. Judgment reversed with directions
to dismiss as moot. Opinion not withdrawn. (No. 161)-
Order suspending call of docket____
Order fixing adjournment date_
Final order…..
____
174
247
254, 273
280
11. S. GOVERNMENT PRINTING OFFICE: 1942



MONDAY, OCTOBER 6, 1941
1
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: The Chief Justice, Mr. Justice Roberts, Mr. Justice.
Black, Mr. Justice Reed, Mr. Justice Frankfurter, Mr. Justice
Douglas, Mr. Justice Murphy, Mr. Justice Byrnes, and Mr. Justice
Jackson.
Mr. Justice Roberts said:
"Since the adjournment of the last term the retirement of Mr.
Chief Justice Hughes has become effective. The President has
nominated and the Senate has confirmed Mr. Justice Stone as Chief
Justice of the United States. He has presented his commission and
has taken the oaths prescribed by law, and it is, therefore, ordered
that his commission be recorded and that his oaths be filed.”
The Chief Justice said:
"Since the adjournment of the Court in June the President has
nominated and, with the advice and consent of the Senate, has
appointed Senator James Francis Byrnes, of South Carolina, and
Attorney General Robert Houghwout Jackson, of New York, to be
Associate Justices of this Court in succession, respectively, to Associ-
ate Justice James Clark McReynolds, retired, and to Associate Jus-
tice Harlan F. Stone, appointed Chief Justice. They have presented
their respective commissions and have taken the oaths prescribed
by law. It is ordered that their commissions be recorded and that
their oaths be filed."
The commissions of Mr. Chief Justice Stone, Mr. Justice Byrnes,
and Mr. Justice Jackson are in the words and figures following, viz:
"FRANKLIN D. ROOSEVELT
"PRESIDENT OF THE UNITED STATES OF AMERICA
"To all who shall see these Presents, Greeting:
"KNOW YE: That reposing special trust and confidence in the Wis-
dom, Uprightness, and Learning of Harlan F. Stone, of New York,
I have nominated, and, by and with the advice and consent of the
Senate, do appoint him Chief Justice of the United States, and do
authorize and empower him to execute and fulfil the duties of that
Office according to the Constitution and Laws of the said United
420417-41-1

MONDAY, OCTOBER 6, 1941
2
States, and to Have and to Hold the said Office, with all the powers,
privileges, and emoluments to the same of right appertaining, unto
Him, the said Harlan F. Stone, during his good behavior.
"IN TESTIMONY WHEREOF, I have caused these Letters to be made
patent and the seal of the Department of Justice to be hereunto
affixed.
"Done at the City of Washington this third day of July, in the
year of our Lord one thousand nine hundred and forty-one, and of
the Independence of the United States of America the one hundred
and sixty-fifth.
"By the President:
"ROBERT H. JACKSON,
66
Attorney General."
"FRANKLIN D. ROOSEVELT.
"FRANKLIN D. ROOSEVELT
"PRESIDENT OF THE UNITED STATES OF AMERICA
"To all who shall see these Presents, Greeting:
"KNOW YE: That reposing special trust and confidence in the Wis-
dom, Uprightness, and Learning of James Francis Byrnes, of South
Carolina, I have nominated, and, by and with the advice and consent
of the Senate, do appoint him an Associate Justice of the Supreme
Court of the United States, and do authorize and empower him to
execute and fulfil the duties of that Office according to the Constitu-
tion and Laws of the said United States, and to Have and to Hold
the said Office, with all the powers, privileges, and emoluments to the
same of right appertaining, unto Him, the said James Francis
Byrnes, during his good behavior.
"IN TESTIMONY WHEREOF, I have caused these Letters to be made
patent and the seal of the Department of Justice to be hereunto
affixed.
"Done at the City of Washington this twenty-fifth day of June,
in the year of our Lord one thousand nine hundred and forty-one,
and of the Independence of the United States of America the one
hundred and sixty-fifth.
"By the President:
"ROBERT H. JACKSON,
"Attorney General."
"FRANKLIN D. ROOSEVELT.

66.
MONDAY, OCTOBER 6, 1941
"FRANKLIN D. ROOSEVELT
'PRESIDENT OF THE UNITED STATES OF AMERICA
"To all who shall see these Presents, Greeting:
"KNOW YE: That reposing special trust and confidence in the
Wisdom, Uprightness, and Learning of Robert H. Jackson, of
New York, I have nominated, and, by and with the advice and con-
sent of the Senate, do appoint him an Associate Justice of the Su-
preme Court of the United States, and do authorize and empower
him to execute and fulfil the duties of that Office according to the
Constitution and Laws of the said United States, and to Have and
to Hold the said Office, with all the powers, privileges, and emolu-
ments to the same of right appertaining, unto Him, the said Robert
H. Jackson, during his good behavior.
"IN TESTIMONY WHEREOF, I have caused these Letters to be made
patent and the seal of the Department of Justice to be hereunto
affixed.
"Done at the City of Washington this eleventh day of July, in the
year of our Lord one thousand nine hundred and forty-one, and
of the Independence of the United States of America the one hun-
dred and sixty-sixth.
"By the President:
"FRANCIS BIDDLE,
"Acting Attorney General."
The Chief Justice said:
"FRANKLIN D. ROOSEVELT.
"With profound sorrow I announce the death last evening of Louis
Dembitz Brandeis. For nearly twenty-three years he was in active
service as an Associate Justice of this Court, and from February 13,
1939, when he exercised his right of retirement, and until his death,
he was a retired Justice of this Court.
"Learned in the law, with wide experience in the practice of his
profession, he brought to the service of the Court and of his country
rare sagacity and wisdom, prophetic vision, and an influence which
derived power from the integrity of his character and his ardent
attachment to the highest interests of the Court as the implement of
government under a written constitution. His death brings to a
close a career of high distinction and a life of tireless devotion to the
public good.

MONDAY, OCTOBER 6, 1941
4
"The funeral service will be private. There will be a public memo-
rial service at a time and place to be later announced.
"As a mark of respect to Justice Brandeis' memory the Court will
adjourn without transacting further business.
"The papers upon all motions now ready for submission may be
filed with the Clerk and will receive the attention of the Court.
"To enable the Court to consider in conference and make appro-
priate disposition of the great number of petitions for certiorari and
other applications which have been filed during the summer, the recess
of the Court will be continued until Monday, October 13. The Court
will now adjourn."
Adjourned until Monday, October 13, next, at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Monday, October 13, will be as follows: Nos. 1, 3,
2, 4 (and 5), 10 (11, 12, and 13), 14, 15, 16, 19, 20, 24, 17, 18,
and 21.
Х

50
MONDAY, OCTOBER 13, 1941
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: The Chief Justice, Mr. Justice Roberts, Mr. Justice Black,
Mr. Justice Reed, Mr. Justice Frankfurter, Mr. Justice Douglas, Mr.
Justice Murphy, Mr. Justice Byrnes, and Mr. Justice Jackson.
John Austin Latimer, of Williston, S. C.; Joseph Belmont Jiskra,
of Petersburg, Ill.; Simon Surabian, of West Boylston, Mass.; Don-
ald Eugene Wachhorst, of Sacramento, Calif.; William Patrick
Halloran, of Anaconda, Mont.; James Delridge Dye, of Ottawa,
Kans.; Fred L. Blackmon, of Anniston, Ala.; Claude K. Wingate, of
Columbia, S. C.; Irwin William Silverman, of Washington, D. C.;
Wm. S. Hughes, of Dallas, Tex.; Sanford Solarz, of New York City;
C. Maurice Weidemeyer, of Pasadena, Md.; Austin C. Sherman, of
Los Angeles, Calif.; Arthur Pettepoole Nesbit, of Columbia, Tenn.;
George A. Cassidy, Jr., of Washington, D. C.; Charles L. Henson,
of Jefferson City, Mo.; Clarence P. LeMire, of Kansas City, Mo.;
William P. Mahedy, of San Diego, Calif.; J. H. O'Connor, of Los
Angeles, Calif.; Philip H. Hickson, of Lynchburg, Va.; V. E.
Plunkett, of Portsmouth, Va.; James W. Dorsey, of Atlanta, Ga.;
Laura E. Miller, of Louisville, Ky.; Jane Foulks Johnston, of Topeka,
Kans.; Linton S. Marshall, of Trenton, N. J.; Arthur C. Inman, of
Boise, Idaho; Robert C. Duval, Jr., of Richmond, Va.; John B. Du-
val, of Richmond, Va.; E. Milton Altfeld, of Baltimore, Md.; Robert
William Pratt, of Pittsburgh, Pa.; Sidney Kirschen, of Flemington,
N. J.; Lester Wallack Oliver, of Clinton, N. J.; Thos. C. Ryan, of
San Francisco, Calif.; Norris J. Burke, of San Francisco, Calif.;
James W. Wrape, of Memphis, Tenn.; H. Russell Bishop, of Wash-
ington, D. C.; Bryant Purteet, of Saint Louis, Mo.; Harry C. Bulk-
ley, of Detroit, Mich,; Sheldon S. Reynolds, of Cleveland, Ohio;
Heston Nelson Potts, of New Brunswick, N. J.; Herbert Lewis
Davis, Jr., of Washington, D. C.; S. Joseph Corrigan, of Washing-
ton, D. C., and Atherton G. Southworth, of Charlotte, N. C., were
admitted to practice.
The Chief Justice announced the following orders of the Court:
No. 185. Gilbert Reuter et al., appellants, v. State of Wisconsin,
ex rel. Department of Agriculture. Appeal from the Supreme
Court of the State of Wisconsin. Per curiam: The motion for leave
to file statement of jurisdiction is granted. The motion to dismiss is
420417-41-2

MONDAY, OCTOBER 13, 1941
6
also granted, and the appeal is dismissed for want of a substantial
federal question. (1) Highland Farms Dairy v. Agnew, 300 U. S. 608,
612; (2) Nebbia v. New York, 291 U. S. 502; Borden's Co. v. Ten Eyck,
297 U. S. 251; United States v. Rock Royal Co-Op., 307 U. S. 533,
562-71; Central Lumber Co. v. South Dakota, 226 U. S. 157.
No. 190. E. E. Morgan Company, Inc., appellant, v. State of
Arkansas, for use and benefit of Phillips County. Appeal from the
Supreme Court of the State of Arkansas. Per curiam: The motion
to dismiss is granted and the appeal is dismissed for want of a
substantial federal question. (1) Stewart & Co. v. Sadrakula, 309
U. S. 94, 105, James v. Dravo Contracting Co., 302 U. S. 134, 149;
General Construction Co. v. Fisher, 295 U. S. 715; Trinityfarm Con-
struction Co. v. Grosjean, 291 U. S. 466, 472; (2) International Har-
vester v. Kentucky, 234 U. S. 579, 588–89; Natural Gas Co. v. Slattery,
302 U. S. 300, 306–7.
No. 199. Empire Oil and Refining Company, known as The
Cities Service Oil Company, R. C. Ketzler, appellants, v. Della
Fields. Appeal from the Supreme Court of the State of Oklahoma.
Per curiam: The motion to dismiss is granted and the appeal is dis-
missed for want of a substantial federal question. Metropolitan Co.
v. Brownell, 294 U. S. 580, 583; Washington v. Superior Court, 289
U. S. 361, 366.
No. 313. A. N. O'Keeffe, as Surviving Executor of and under
the last will and testament and codicils thereto of Frank Adams,
deceased, et al., appellants, v. C. L. Adams, F. Claude Adams, et al.
Appeal from the Supreme Court of the State of Florida. Per
curiam: The appeal is dismissed for want of a substantial federal
question. United States v. Fox, 94 U. S. 315, 320-21; United States
v. Perkins, 163 U. S. 625, 627-28; Ferry v. Spokane, P. & S. Ry. Co.,
258 U. S. 314, 319; Stebbins v. Riley, 268 U. S. 137.
No. 331. The Morris Plan Industrial Bank of New York, appel-
lant, v. Mark Graves et al., as and constituting the State Tax Com-
mission of the State of New York. Appeal from the Supreme Court
of the State of New York. Per curiam: The motion to dismiss is
granted and the appeal is dismissed for want of a final judgment
of the highest court of the state on the constitutional question pre-
sented. The Chief Justice took no part in this decision.
No. 533. Standard Oil Company of Louisiana, appellant, v. State
of Tennessee, ex rel. George F. McCanless, Commissioner of Finance
and Taxation, et al. Appeal from the Supreme Court of the State
of Tennessee. Per curiam: The judgment is affirmed. General Oil
Co. v. Crain, 209 U. S. 211; Bacon v. Illinois, 227 U. S. 504; Susque-

MONDAY, OCTOBER 13, 1941
7
hanna Coal Co. v. South Amboy, 228 U. S. 665; Minnesota v. Blasius,
290 U. S. 1, 10–12.
No. 566. Grace Trent, Lucy McKee, et al., appellants, v. Lester
Hunt, Scott Adams, et al. Appeal from the District Court of the
United States for the Southern District of Indiana. Per curiam:
The judgment is affirmed. Beal v. Missouri Pacific R. Co., 312 U. S.
45, 49–51; Watson v. Buck, 313 U. S. 387, 400-01.
No. 567. Cecil Bevins, Austin R. Simcox, et al., appellants, v.
"Doc" Prindable, Louis P. Zerweck, et al. Appeal from the District
Court of the United States for the Eastern District of Illinois. Per
curiam: The motion to affirm is granted and the judgment is affirmed.
Beal v. Missouri Pacific R. Co., 312 U. S. 45, 49–51; Watson v. Buck,
313 U. S. 387, 400-01.
No. 568. Thomas J. Pendergast, appellant, v. The United States of
America; and
No. 569. Robert Emmett O'Malley, appellant, v. The United States
of America. Appeals from the District Court of the United States
for the Western District of Missouri. Per curiam: It does not ap-
pear that the proceedings sought to be reviewed required the pres-
ence of three judges under Section 266 of the Judicial Code as
amended, 28 U. S. C. sec. 380. Commission v. Brashear Lines, 312.
U. S. 621, 625–26; Phillips v. United States, 312 U. S. 246, 248–51.
The motion to dismiss is therefore granted and the appeals are dis-
missed. The appeals filed under Section 238 of the Judicial Code as
amended, 28 U. S. C. sec. 345, are dismissed for want of jurisdiction.
Mr. Justice Murphy and Mr. Justice Jackson took no part in this
decision.
No. 591. A. M. Whitney, doing business as Whitney Transfer Com-
pany, Incorporated, et al., appellants, v. Keen Johnson, Chief
Executive, Commonwealth of Kentucky, et al. Appeal from the
District Court of the United States for the Eastern District of
Kentucky. Per curiam: The judgment is affirmed.
(1) South
Carolina Highway Dept. v. Barnwell Bros., 303 U. S. 177; Maurer
v. Hamilton, 309 U. S. 598; Philadelphia-Detroit Lines, Inc., v.
Simpson, 312 U. S. 655; Darnall Trucking Co. v. Simpson, 313
U. S. ; (2) Sproles v. Binford, 286 U. S. 374, 395–96.
No. 596. H. H. Irvine, appellant, v. G. Howard Spaeth, Commis-
sioner of Taxation of Minnesota. Appeal from the Supreme Court
of the State of Minnesota. Per curiam: The appeal is dismissed
for want of jurisdiction. Section 237(a), Judicial Code, as
amended, 28 U. S. C. sec. 344(a). Treating the papers whereon the
appeal was allowed as a petition for writ of certiorari as required
by Section 237 (c) of the Judicial Code as amended, 28 U. S. C. sec.
344 (c), certiorari is denied.

MONDAY, OCTOBER 13, 1941
8
Nos. 360 to 496, inclusive. American Insurance Company and
others, appellants, v. Ray B. Lucas, etc., Superintendent of the In-
surance Department of the State of Missouri, et al. Appeals from
the District Court of the United States for the Western District of
Missouri. Per curiam: The decrees here sought to be reviewed
modify consent decrees for the distribution of funds theretofore
impounded by the District Court and direct a different distribution
of these funds. They are not decrees "granting or denying" an in-
junction. Therefore direct appeals to this Court do not lie. Sec-
tion 266 of the Judicial Code, as amended, 28 U. S. C. sec. 380. See
Pub. Serv. Comm'n v. Brashear Lines, 306 U. S. 204, 207, and
Phillips v. United States, 312 U. S. 246, 248–251. The appeals are
dismissed. Mr. Justice Murphy and Mr. Justice Jackson took no
part in this decision.
No. 181. Magnolia Petroleum Company and Union Producing
Company, petitioners, v. Edwin S. Hull, Joe H. Hull, et al. On peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals
for the Fifth Circuit. Per curiam: The petition for writ of certiorari
is granted. The judgment is reversed and the cause remanded to the
District Court to permit trial of the issues raised by petitioners' an-
swer and for further proceedings.
No. 168. Wade Holley, appellant, v. The State of Georgia. Ap-
peal from the Supreme Court of the State of Georgia. Per curiam:
The motion to strike the motion to dismiss is denied. The motion to
dismiss is granted, and the appeal is dismissed for want of a properly
presented federal question. McCorquodale v. Texas, 211 U. S. 432,
436-37; Forbes v. State Council of Virginia, 216 U. S. 396, 398–99;
Section 6-1607, Code of Georgia of 1933; Rule 40 (c) of the Supreme
Court of Georgia. The motion for leave to proceed further in forma
pauperis is therefore denied.
The Chief Justice said:
"The other orders of the Court appear upon the list certified by the
Chief Justice and filed with the Clerk and will not be announced
orally."
-
No. In the matter of the Disbarment of David L. Starr. It
having been reported to the Court that David L. Starr, of Pittsburgh,
Pennsylvania, has been disbarred from the practice of the law by the
Supreme Court of the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania;
It is ordered that the said David L. Starr be, and he is hereby,
suspended from the practice of the law in this Court, and that a rule
issue returnable within forty (40) days, requiring him to show cause
why he should not be disbarred from the practice of the law in this
Court.

MONDAY, OCTOBER 13, 1941
9
No. In the matter of the disbarment of Howard C. Hopson. It
having been reported to the Court that Howard C. Hopson, of Madi-
son, Wisconsin, has been disbarred from the practice of the law by
the District Court of the United States for the District of Columbia;
It is ordered that the said Howard C. Hopson be, and he is hereby,
suspended from the practice of the law in this Court, and that a rule
issue returnable within forty (40) days, requiring him to show cause
why he should not be disbarred from the practice of the law in this
Court.
No. 76. The Federal Land Bank of Saint Paul, petitioner, v. Bis-
marck Lumber Company and John Gray, as Tax Commissioner of
The State of North Dakota. This case is advanced and assigned for
argument on Wednesday, October 22 next, immediately following
Nos. 602 and 603.
No. 1023, October Term, 1940. A. J. Pickett, General Chairman of
the Brotherhood of Railway and Steamship Clerks, etc., petitioner, v.
The Union Terminal Company. The petition for rehearing is
granted. The order denying certiorari is vacated and the petition
for writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals
for the Fifth Circuit is granted. The case is assigned for argument
immediately following No. 112.
No. 101. James H. Halliday, a person non compos mentis, by his
Committee, Annie Halliday, petitioner, v. The United States of Amer-
ica. On petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit
Court of Appeals for the Fourth Circuit; and
No. 256. Dr. Maximilian Goldstein et al., petitioners, v. The
United States of America. On petition for writ of certiorari to the
United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit. The
motions for leave to proceed in forma pauperis are granted. The
petitions for writs of certiorari are also granted. Mr. Justice Jackson
took no part in the consideration and decision of these applications.
No. 510. C. H. Cochran, petitioner, v. The State of Kansas and
Milton F. Amrine, Warden, etc. On petition for writ of certiorari
to the Supreme Court of the State of Kansas. The motion for leave
to proceed in forma pauperis is granted. The petition for writ of
certiorari is also granted.
No. 177. J. O. Spaulding, petitioner, v. Joseph W. Sanford,
Warden, etc. On petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Circuit Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit. The motion for leave
to proceed in forma pauperis is denied for the reason that the Court,
upon examination of the papers herein submitted, finds no ground
upon which a writ of certiorari should be issued. The petition for
writ of certiorari is therefore also denied. Mr. Justice Douglas and
Mr. Justice Jackson took no part in the consideration and decision of
these applications.

MONDAY, OCTOBER 13, 1941
10
No. 198. Joe Vance, petitioner, v. Joseph W. Sanford, Warden,
etc. On petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit
Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit;
No. 216. Clarence Mackel Sweetney, petitioner, v. James A. John-
ston, Warden, etc. On petition for writ of certiorari to the United
States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit;
No. 273. James A. Lovvorn, petitioner, v. James A. Johnston,
Warden, etc. On petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Circuit Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit ;
No. 276. Newton H. Brown and Ethel L. Brown, Debtors, peti-
tioners, v. The Federal Land Bank of Louisville, Kentucky. On peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of
Appeals for the Seventh Circuit ;
No. 297. Louise Dean Moyer, petitioner, v. Frank Hines, as
Administrator of Veterans Affairs. On petition for writ of certiorari
to the United States Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia;
and
No. 335. William B. Jordan, petitioner, v. The United States of
America. On petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Circuit Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit. The motions for
leave to proceed further herein in forma pauperis are denied for the
reason that the Court, upon examination of the papers herein sub-
mitted, finds no ground upon which writs of certiorari should be
issued. The petitions for writs of certiorari are therefore also denied.
Mr. Justice Jackson took no part in the consideration and decision
of these applications.
No. 250. Edmond C. Fletcher, petitioner, v. A. E. Krise, Receiver,
etc. On petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of
Appeals for the District of Columbia. The motion to strike is denied.
The motion for leave to proceed further herein in forma pauperis is
denied for the reason that the Court, upon examination of the papers
herein submitted, finds no ground upon which a writ of certiorari
should be issued. The petition for writ of certiorari is therefore also
denied.
No. 284. Albert Wesley, Jr., petitioner, v. The State of Texas.
On petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Criminal Appeals of
the State of Texas;
No. 296. William Hugh Engels, petitioner, v. M. F. Amrine,
Warden, etc., et al. On petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme
Court of the State of Kansas; and
No. 507. Harry Pyle, petitioner, v. The State of Kansas and
Milton F. Amrine, Warden, etc. On petition for writ of certiorari
to the Supreme Court of the State of Kansas. The motions for leave
to proceed further herein in forma pauperis are denied for the reason

MONDAY, OCTOBER 13, 1941
11
that the Court, upon examination of the papers herein submitted,
finds that the applications for writs of certiorari were not filed within
the time provided by law. Section 8 (a), Act of February 13, 1925
(43 Stat. 936, 940). The petitions for writs of certiorari are there-
fore also denied.
No. 344. James Best, petitioner, v. The People of the State of
California. On petition for writ of certiorari to the District Court
of Appeal, State of California; and
No. 586. W. M. Hamilton, petitioner, v. The State of Texas. On
petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Criminal Appeals of
the State of Texas. The motions for leave to proceed further herein
in forma pauperis are denied for the reason that the Court, upon
examination of the papers herein submitted, finds that the applica-
tions for writs of certiorari were not filed within the time provided
by law. Section 8 (a), Act of February 13, 1925 (43 Stat. 936, 940);
Finn v. Railroad Commission of California, 286 U. S. 559. The
petitions for writs of certiorari are therefore also denied.
No. 302. J. Ralph De Marcos, petitioner, v. Dr. Winfred Over-
holser, Superintendent of St. Elizabeths Hospital. On petition for
writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the
District of Columbia. The motion for a supplemental record is
denied. The motion for leave to proceed further herein in forma
pauperis is denied for the reason that the Court, upon examination
of the papers herein submitted, finds no ground upon which a writ of
certiorari should be issued. The petition for writ of certiorari is
therefore also denied.
No. 68. Claude Wyant, petitioner, v. Samuel H. Caldwell, Receiver,
etc. On petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit
Court of Appeals for the Fourth Circuit;
No. 99. Eva Brooks, petitioner, v. Hill-Shaw Company. On peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of Ap-
peals for the Seventh Circuit ;
No. 148. Raymond Dugan, petitioner, v. Stanley P. Ashe, Warden,
etc. On petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of the
Commonwealth of Pennsylvania;
No. 158. Hazel Frances Goodale, petitioner, v. Charles S. Camp-
bell et al. On petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Circuit Court of Appeals for the Sixth Circuit;
No. 159. The People of the State of New York, ex rel. Ralph
Mark, petitioner, v. The Warden of the Attica State Prison, etc.;
No. 176. Catherine M. Carroll, petitioner, v. Raymond A. Carroll,
et al. On petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of the
State of California;

MONDAY, OCTOBER 13, 1941
12
No. 178. Frank Sweeney, petitioner, v. State Board of Public
Assistance. On petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Circuit Court of Appeals for the Third Circuit;
No. 189. Donald Conrad, petitioner, v. Stanley P. Ashe, Warden,
etc. On petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of the
Commonwealth of Pennsylvania;
No. 208. Peter Pianezzi, petitioner, v. The People of the State of
California. On petition for writ of certiorari to the District Court
of Appeal of the State of California;
No. 209. Peter Pianezzi et al., petitioners, v. The People of the
State of California. On petition for writ of certiorari to the District
Court of Appeal of the State of California;
No. 235. Everett E. Willey by Henry E. Willey, his next friend,
et al., petitioners, v. Maine Central Railroad Company. On petition
for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Judicial Court of the State of
Maine;
No. 241. James Jenkins, petitioner, v. Stanley P. Ashe, Warden,
etc. On petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of the
Commonwealth of Pennsylvania;
No. 242. Lena Grolemund, petitioner, v. Emilio Caferata et al.
On petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of the State
of California;
No. 249. Otis Donahue, petitioner, v. Frank Burns, Sheriff. On
petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of the State of
Tennessee;
No. 264. Joseph K. Nulsen, petitioner, v. Judge Everett F. John-
son. On petition for writ of certiorari to the 57th District Court
of Bexar County, State of Texas;
No. 275. J. B. King, petitioner, v. State of South Dakota and
G. Norton Jameson, Warden, etc. On petition for writ of certiorari
to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Eighth
Circuit;
No. 345. Maud L. Fenzel, as Trustee, etc., petitioner, v. R. W.
Fensterwald et al. On petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme
Court of the State of Ohio;
No. 509. Alfred Sidney Barton and Robert L. Pace, petitioners, v.
The Phelan Company. On petition for writ of certiorari to the
Court of Appeal, 1st Circuit, State of Louisiana;
No. 530. Sam Roberts, petitioner, v. Ransom Pratt et al. On peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals of the State of
New York;
No. 531. Edel M. Pullen, petitioner, v. Sun Life Insurance Com-
pany of America. On petition for writ of certiorari to the United.
States Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia;

MONDAY, OCTOBER 13, 1941
13
No. 541. Ethel Gray, petitioner, v. Eureka-Maryland Assurance
Corporation. On petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia ;
No. 546. Patrick Farren, petitioner, v. P. E. Mahoney, Acting
Warden, etc. On petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme
Court of the State of Washington; and
No. 556. Mary B. Curley, petitioner, v. Harry Paul Curley. On
petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the District of Columbia. The motions for leave to proceed
further herein in forma pauperis are denied for the reason that
the Court, upon examination of the papers herein submitted, finds
no ground upon which writs of certiorari should be issued. The
petitions for writs of certiorari are therefore also denied.
No. 110. The Alton Railroad Company et al., appellants, v. The
United States of America et al.; and
No. 267. The United States of America et al., appellants, v. The
Alton Railroad Company et al.;
No. 197. The United States of America et al., appellants, v. Caro-
lina Freight Carriers Corporation;
No. 223. The United States of America et al., appellants, v. Rail-
way Labor Executives Association and Brotherhood of Railroad
Trainmen;
No. 252. Allen-Bradley Local No. 1111, United Electrical, Radio
and Machine Workers of America, et al., appellants, v. Wisconsin
Employment Relations Board et al.;
No. 255. Walter Chaplinsky, appellant, v. State of New Hamp-
shire;
No. 283. Butler Brothers, appellant, v. Charles J. McColgan, as
Franchise Tax Commission of the State of California;
No. 318. Sampson Tulee, appellant, v. State of Washington;
No. 535. Gregg Cartage & Storage Company, Hugh Wells, Trustee,
etc., et al., appellants, . The United States of America et al.
No. 558. The United States of America, appellant, v. Dennis
Malphurs et al.; and
No. 595. Swift and Company et al., appellants, v. The United
States of America et al. In these cases probable jurisdiction is
noted.
No. 143. The Board of Trade of Kansas City, Mo., et al., appel-
lants, . The United States of America et al. In this case probable
jurisdiction is noted. The motion to advance is granted and the
case is assigned for argument on Monday, November 17th next.
No. 210. Howard Hall Company, Inc., appellant, v. The United
States of America et al. In this case probable jurisdiction is noted
and the case is assigned for argument immediately following No. 197.
420417-41-
-3

MONDAY, OCTOBER 13, 1941
14
No. 322. Pete Lubetich, an individual doing business as Pacific
Refrigerated Motor Lines, appellant, v. The United States of America
et al. In this case probable jurisdiction is noted and the case is
assigned for argument immediately following Nos. 52 and 53.
No. 184. Gene Buck, Individually and as President of the Ameri-
can Society of Composers, Authors and Publishers, et al., appellants, v.
Otto Case, Individually and as State Treasurer of Washington, et al.
Further consideration of the question of the jurisdiction of this Court
in this case is postponed to the hearing of the case on the merits.
No. 100. Illinois Natural Gas Company, appellant, v. Central
Illinois Public Service Company et al. Further consideration of the
question of the jurisdiction of this Court in this case and of the mo-
tions to dismiss or affirm is postponed to the hearing of the case on
the merits.
No. 499. Memphis Natural Gas Company, appellant, v. Roy H.
Beeler, Attorney General of the State of Tennessee, et al. Further
consideration of the question of the jurisdiction of this Court in this
case and of the motion to dismiss is postponed to the hearing of the
case on the merits.
No. 61. Harry F. Meilink, as Trustee, etc., petitioner, v. Unemploy-
ment Reserve Commission of the State of California. Petition for
writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for
the Ninth Circuit granted.
No. 78. Barker Duncan, petitioner, v. Guy A. Thompson, Trustee,
etc. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Springfield Court of Ap-
peals of the State of Missouri granted.
No. 83. Merion Cricket Club, petitioner, v. The United States of
America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit
Court of Appeals for the Third Circuit granted.
No. 91. Charles R. Fischer, Commissioner of Insurance of the
State of Iowa, as Receiver, etc., petitioner, v. American United Life
Insurance Company et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United
States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Eighth Circuit granted.
No. 95. The People of Puerto Rico, petitioner, v. Russell & Co.,
S. en C. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit
Court of Appeals for the First Circuit granted.
No. 96. The People of Puerto Rico, petitioner, v. Rubert Her-
manos, Inc., et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Circuit Court of Appeals for the First Circuit granted.
No. 112. C. L. Williams, Individually, etc., et al., petitioners, v.
Jacksonville Terminal Company. Petition for writ of certiorari to
the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit
granted.

MONDAY, OCTOBER 13, 1941
15
No. 124. Hotel & Restaurant Employee's International Alliance,
Local No. 122, et al., petitioners, v. Wisconsin Employment Relations
Board et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of
the State of Wisconsin granted.
No. 128. Bondholders Committee, Marlborough Investment Com-
pany, First Mortgage Bonds, petitioner, v. Commissioner of Internal
Revenue; and
No. 129. Marlborough House, Inc., petitioner, v. Commissioner of
Internal Revenue. Petition for writs of certiorari to the United
States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit granted.
No. 139. Charles M. Thomson, Trustee for Property of Chicago
& Northwestern Railway Company et al., petitioners, v. Barney E.
Gaskill et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Circuit Court of Appeals for the Eighth Circuit granted.
No. 151. The United States of America, petitioner, v. Joliet &
Chicago Railroad Company. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Seventh Circuit
granted.
No. 161. Clarence A. Stewart, Administrator, etc., petitioner, v.
Southern Railway Company. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Eighth Circuit granted.
No. 179. Alexander MacGregor, Jr., Executor, etc., petitioner, v.
State Mutual Life Assurance Company of Worcester, Massachusetts.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of
Appeals for the Sixth Circuit granted.
No. 186. City of Texarkana, Texas, petitioner, v. Arkansas Loui-
siana Gas Company. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United
States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit granted.
No. 206. D'Oench, Duhme & Co., Inc., petitioner, v. Federal
Deposit Insurance Corporation. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Eighth Circuit granted.
No. 229. Elizabeth Wright and Charles C. Wright, petitioners, v.
Gusto Logan et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United.
States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Seventh Circuit granted.
No. 238. The United States of America, petitioner, v. State of
New York; and
No. 251. State of New York, petitioner, v. The United States of
America. Petitions for writs of certiorari to the United States Cir-
cuit Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit granted.
No. 245. Cudahy Packing Company of Louisiana, Ltd., petitioner,
v. Philip B. Fleming, Administrator of the Wage and Hour Division,
United States Department of Labor. Petition for writ of certiorari

MONDAY, OCTOBER 13, 1941
16
to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit
granted.
No. 265. Federal Power Commission and Illinois Commerce Com-
mission, petitioners, v. Natural Gas Pipeline Company of America
et al.; and
No. 268. Natural Gas Pipeline Company of America et al., peti-
tioners, v. Federal Power Commission and Illinois Commerce Com-
mission. Petitions for writs of certiorari to the United States Circuit
Court of Appeals for the Seventh Circuit granted.
No. 277. John P. Dinan and Michael T. Dinan, petitioners, v. First
National Bank, Detroit. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Sixth Circuit granted.
No. 280. Rosco Jones, petitioner, v. City of Opelika. Petition for
writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of the State of Alabama.
granted.
No. 306. Josephine S. Pearce, petitioner, v. Commissioner of Inter-
nal Revenue. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Circuit Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit granted.
No. 320. Southern Steamship Company, petitioner, v. National
Labor Relations Board et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Third Circuit
granted.
No. 321. Stonite Products Company, petitioner, v. The Melvin
Lloyd Company et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United
States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Third Circuit granted.
No. 323. Muncie Gear Works, Inc., et al., petitioners, v. Outboard,
Marine & Manufacturing Company et al. Petition for writ of cer-
tiorari to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Seventh
Circuit granted.
No. 500. The United States of America upon the relation and for
the use of The Tennessee Valley Authority, petitioner, v. W. P. N.
Powelson, Assignee, etc., et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Fourth Circuit
granted.
No. 505. Lester A. Crancer et al., Co-partners, etc., petitioners, v.
Frank O. Lowden et al., Trustees etc. Petition for writ of certiorari
to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Eighth Circuit
granted.
No. 527. Carpenters and Joiners Union of America, Local No. 213,
et al., petitioners, v. Ritter's Cafe et al. Petition for writ of cer-
tiorari to the Court of Civil Appeals, first Supreme Judicial District,
State of Texas granted.

MONDAY, OCTOBER 13, 1941
17
No. 589. William Jacob, petitioner, v. The City of New York.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court
of Appeals for the Second Circuit granted.
No. 86. Peter Young, alias Young Lup, petitioner, v. The United
States of America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United
States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit granted. Mr.
Justice Jackson took no part in the consideration and decision of
this application.
No. 131. The United States of America, petitioner, v. Local 807
of International Brotherhood of Teamsters, etc., et al.; and
No. 132. Local 807 of International Brotherhood of Teamsters,
etc., et al., petitioners, v. The United States of America. Petitions
for writs of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals
for the Second Circuit granted. Mr. Justice Jackson took no part
in the consideration and decision of these applications.
No. 149. Great Northern Railway Company, petitioner, v. The
United States of America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit
granted. Mr. Justice Jackson took no part in the consideration and
decision of this application.
No. 188. National Labor Relations Board, petitioner, v. Automo-
tive Maintenance Machinery Company. Petition for writ of cer-
tiorari to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Seventh
Circuit granted. Mr. Justice Jackson took no part in the considera-
tion and decision of this application.
No. 281. National Labor Relations Board, petitioner, 2. Sparks-
Withington Company et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Sixth Circuit granted.
Mr. Justice Jackson took no part in the consideration and decision
of this application.
No. 311. William Schneiderman, petitioner, v. The United States
of America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Circuit Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit granted. Mr. Jus-
tice Jackson took no part in the consideration and decision of this
application.
No. 348. The Seminole Nation, petitioner, v. The United States.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Claims granted. Mr.
Justice Jackson took no part in the consideration and decision of this
application.
No. 325. Frederick Rodiek, Ancillary Executor, etc., petitioner, v.
The United States of America et al. Petition for writ of certiorari
to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit

MONDAY, OCTOBER 13, 1941
18
granted. The Chief Justice and Mr. Justice Murphy took no part
in the consideration and decision of this application.
No. 328. Guy T. Helvering, Commissioner of Internal Revenue,
petitioner, v. Alabama Asphaltic Limestone Company. Petition for
writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for
the Fifth Circuit granted and the case is assigned for argument im-
mediately following Nos. 128 and 129.
No. 286. Guy T. Helvering, Commissioner of Internal Revenue,
petitioner, v. Southwest Consolidated Corporation. Petition for writ
of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the
Fifth Circuit granted and the case is assigned for argument immedi-
ately following No. 328.
No. 503. Palm Springs Holding Corporation, petitioner, v. Com-
missioner of Internal Revenue. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit granted
and the case is assigned for argument immediately following No. 286.
No. 248. Guy T. Helvering, Commissioner of Internal Revenue,
petitioner, v. Lerner Stores Corporation (Md.). Petition for writ
of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the
Second Circuit granted and the case is assigned for argument imme-
diately following No. 57.
No. 529. Philip B. Fleming, Administrator, Wage and Hour Divi-
sion, United States Department of Labor, petitioner, v. Lowell Sun
Company. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Cir-
cuit Court of Appeals for the First Circuit granted and the case is
assigned for argument immediately following No. 245.
No. 602. State of Alabama, petitioner, v. King and Boozer, a
Partnership, etc.; and
No. 603. John C. Curry, Individually and as Commissioner of
Revenue of The State of Alabama, petitioner, v. The United States
of America et al. Petitions for writs of certiorari to the Supreme
Court of the State of Alabama granted. The joint motion to ad-
vance is granted and the cases are advanced and assigned for argu-
ment on Wednesday, October 22, next. Mr. Justice Jackson took
no part in the consideration and decision of these applications.
No. 47. A. Y. Oates and Almena Oates, his wife, petitioners, v.
New York Life Insurance Company. The motion to dispense with
the printing of the record is granted. The petition for writ of
certiorari to the Supreme Court of the State of Florida is denied.
No. 94. Board of Commissioners of San Juan, petitioner, v. Carlos
M. De Castro. The motion for leave to file opposition to the pe-
tition is granted. The petition for writ of certiorari to the United
States Circuit Court of Appeals for the First Circuit is denied.

MONDAY, OCTOBER 13, 1941
19
No. 108. Identification Devices, Inc., by James M. Rulong, peti-
tioner, v. The United States of America. The motion to proceed on
typewritten papers is granted. The petition for writ of certiorari
to the United States Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia
is denied.
No. 239. Steffen Osland, petitioner, v. Star Fish & Oyster Com-
pany. The motion to proceed on typewritten papers is granted.
The petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit
Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit is denied.
No. 295. Joseph N. Weber, as President of the American Federa-
tion of Musicians, et al., petitioners, v. Opera on Tour, Inc. It does
not appear from the record that the federal question presented by
the petition was necessarily decided by the Court of Appeals. The
petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals of the State
of New York is denied. Lynch v. New York ex rel., Pierson, 293
U. S. 52; Honeyman v. Hanan, 300 U. S. 14, 18.
No. 60. The People of Puerto Rico, petitioners, v. The Bank of
Nova Scotia. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Circuit Court of Appeals for the First Circuit denied. The Chief
Justice took no part in the consideration and decision of this ap-
plication.
No. 217. Lester W. Bailey, petitioner, v. Sears, Roebuck & Co.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of
Appeals for the Ninth Circuit denied. The Chief Justice took no
part in the consideration and decision of this application.
No. 72. George T. Mortimer, petitioner, v. The United States of
America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Cir-
cuit Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit denied. Mr. Justice
Douglas and Mr. Justice Jackson took no part in the consideration
and decision of this application.
No. 192. Joshua F. Simons, William Markowitz, and Samuel
Markowitz, petitioners, v. The United States of America. Petition
for writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals
for the Ninth Circuit denied. Mr. Justice Douglas and Mr. Justice
Jackson took no part in the consideration and decision of this
application.
No. 169. Richard W. Leche, petitioner, v. The United States of
America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit
Court of Appeals for the Fifth Cicuit denied. Mr. Justice Murphy
and Mr. Justice Jackson took no part in the consideration and deci-
sion of this application.
No. 194. George Frederick Gundelfinger, petitioner, v. The United
States of America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United

MONDAY, OCTOBER 13, 1941
20
States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Third Circuit denied. Mr.
Justice Murphy and Mr. Justice Jackson took no part in the con-
sideration and decision of this application.
No. 520. Cassius McDonald, petitioner, v. Robert H. Hudspeth,
Warden, etc. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Circuit Court of Appeals for the Tenth Circuit denied. Mr. Justice
Murphy and Mr. Justice Jackson took no part in the consideration
and decision of this application.
No. 304. Johann Carl Pfleuger, petitioner, v. The United States
of America et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United
States Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia denied. Mr.
Justice Murphy took no part in the consideration and decision of
this application.
No. 349. The Detroit Edison Company, petitioner, v. Securities
and Exchange Commission. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Sixth Circuit denied.
The Chief Justice, Mr. Justice Douglas, and Mr. Justice Jackson
took no part in the consideration and decision of this application.
No. 352. General Motors Corporation et al., petitioners, v. The
United States of America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Seventh Circuit
denied. The Chief Justice, Mr. Justice Murphy, and Mr. Justice
Jackson took no part in the consideration and decision of this appli-
cation.
No. 359. Chinese Consolidated Benevolent Association, Inc., peti-
tioner, v. Securities and Exchange Commission. Petition for writ
of certiorari to the United States Circuit of Appeals for the Second
Circuit denied. Mr. Justice Douglas took no part in the considera-
tion and decision of this application.
No. 65. J. C. Crockett, petitioner, v. The United States of America;
and
No. 66. J. C. Crockett, petitioner, v. George H. McElroy and Peter
A. Hanna. Petition for writs of certiorari to the United States
Circuit Court of Appeals for the Fourth Circuit denied. Mr. Justice
Jackson took no part in the consideration and decision of this
application.
No. 74. Mrs. Louise Harris Moore, petitioner, v. The United
States. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Claims denied.
Mr. Justice Jackson took no part in the consideration and decision
of this application.
No. 89. First National Steamship Company, Second National
Steamship Company et al., petitioners, v. United States Shipping
Board Merchant Fleet Corporation, etc. Petition for writ of cer-
tiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the District of

MONDAY, OCTOBER 13, 1941
21
Columbia denied. Mr. Justice Jackson took no part in the con-
sideration and decision of this application.
No. 97. Samuel J. Katzberg et al., petitioners, v. The United States.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Claims denied. Mr.
Justice Jackson took no part in the consideration and decision of
this application.
No. 105. Reconstruction Finance Corporation, petitioner, v. Lucius
Teter et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Circuit Court of Appeals for the Seventh Circuit denied. Mr.
Justice Jackson took no part in the consideration and decision of
this application.
No. 113. Amerex Holding Corporation, petitioner, v. Commis-
sioner of Internal Revenue. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit
denied. Mr. Justice Jackson took no part in the consideration and
decision of this application.
No. 117. Henry Pirtle, petitioner, v. H. B. Brown et al., Indi-
vidually and as Judges of Election, etc., et al. Petition for writ of
certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Sixth
Circuit denied. Mr. Justice Jackson took no part in the considera-
tion and decision of this application.
No. 119. James Doneghy and St. Louis Union Trust Company,
Residuary Trustees, etc., petitioners, v. Acel C. Alexander, Formerly
Collector of Internal Revenue; and
No. 120. James Doneghy, and St. Louis Union Trust Company,
Residuary Trustees, etc., petitioners, v. H. C. Jones, Collector of In-
ternal Revenue. Petition for writs of certiorari to the United States
Circuit Court of Appeals for the Tenth Circuit denied. Mr. Justice
Jackson took no part in the consideration and decision of this appli-
cation.
No. 125. Estate of Daniel Guggenheim, deceased, et al., petitioners,
v. Commissioner of Internal Revenue. Petition for writ of certiorari
to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit
denied. Mr. Justice Jackson took no part in the consideration and
decision of this application.
No. 150. William D. Pelley, petitioner, v. John B. Colpoys. United
States Marshal in and for the District of Columbia. Petition for
writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the Dis-
trict of Columbia denied. Mr. Justice Jackson took no part in the
consideration and decision of this application.
No. 166. May Ryan, Executrix, etc., petitioner, v. Acel C. Alex-
ander, Formerly Collector of Internal Revenue. Petition for writ of
certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Tenth
420417-41-

MONDAY, OCTOBER 13, 1941
22
Circuit denied. Mr. Justice Jackson took no part in the considera-
tion and decision of this application.
No. 171. The Haden Company, petitioner, v. Commissioner of
Internal Revenue. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United
States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit denied. Mr.
Justice Jackson took no part in the consideration and decision of this
application.
No. 180. Ralph Wagner, petitioner, v. The United States of
America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit
Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit denied. Mr. Justice Jackson
took no part in the consideration and decision of this application.
No. 193. Philip H. Simon, petitioner, v. The United States of
America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit
Court of Appeals for the Third Circuit denied. Mr. Justice Jackson
took no part in the consideration and decision of this application.
No. 196. H. W. Ferguson, petitioner, v. The United States of
America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit
Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit denied. Mr. Justice Jackson
took no part in the consideration and decision of this application.
No. 200. Pierre S. DuPont, petitioner, v. Commissioner of Inter-
nal Revenue; and
No. 201. John J. Raskob, petitioner, v. Commissioner of Internal
Revenue. Petition for writs of certiorari to the United States Circuit
Court of Appeals for the Third Circuit denied. Mr. Justice Jackson
took no part in the consideration and decision of this application.
No. 226. The United States of America, acting on the relation of
Edmond C. Fletcher, etc., petitioner, v. John H. Fahey et al. Peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for
the District of Columbia denied. Mr. Justice Jackson took no part
in the consideration and decision of this application.
No. 257. Minnesota Mining & Manufacturing Company, petitioner,
v. Conway P. Coe, Commissioner of Patents;
No. 258. Minnesota Mining & Manufacturing Company, petitioner,
v. Conway P. Coe, Commissioner of Patents; and
No. 259. Minnesota Mining & Manufacturing Company, petitioner,
v. Conway P. Coe, Commissioner of Patents. Petition for writs of
certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the District of
Columbia denied. Mr. Justice Jackson took no part in the consid-
eration and decision of this application.
No. 278. The National Life and Accident Insurance Company,
petitioner, v. L. P. Brewer, Former Collector of Internal Revenue.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of
Appeals for the Sixth Circuit denied. Mr. Justice Jackson took no
part in the consideration and decision of this application.

MONDAY, OCTOBER 13, 1941
23
No. 285. S. Elbert Pike et al., petitioners, v. Frank C. Walker
(substituted for James A. Farley) as Postmaster General of the
United States et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United
States Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia denied. Mr.
Justice Jackson took no part in the consideration and decision of this
application.
No. 300. Wilbur L. Hunt, petitioner, v. The United States of
America; and
No. 301. Glenn Henderson, petitioner, v. The United States of
America. Petition for writs of certiorari to the United States Circuit
Court of Appeals for the Seventh Circuit denied. Mr. Justice Jack-
son took no part in the consideration and decision of this application.
No. 351. Anheuser-Busch, Incorporated, et al., petitioner, v. Louis
J. Becker, Collector of Internal Revenue, etc. Petition for writ of
certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Eighth
Circuit denied. Mr. Justice Jackson took no part in the consideration
and decision of this application.
No. 355. Harvey Coal Corporation, petitioner, v. The United States
of America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Cir-
cuit Court of Appeals for the Sixth Circuit denied. Mr. Justice
Jackson took no part in the consideration and decision of this appli-
cation.
No. 498. George Polakoff and William Albert, petitioners, v. The
United States of America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit denied.
Mr. Justice Jackson took no part in the consideration and decision
of this application.
No. 501. Walter R. Dolloff, petitioner, v. The United States of
America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit
Court of Appeals for the Eighth Circuit denied. Mr. Justice Jackson
took no part in the consideration and decision of this application.
No. 502. Arthur T. Lelles, petitioner, v. The United States of
America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit
Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit denied. Mr. Justice Jackson
took no part in the consideration and decision of this application.
No. 525. Stanley R. Hemphill, petitioner, v. The United States of
America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit
Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit denied. Mr. Justice Jackson
took no part in the consideration and decision of this application.
No. 526. Hughes Robert Hilliard, petitioner, v. The United States
of America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Cir-
cuit Court of Appeals for the Fourth Circuit denied. Mr. Justice
Jackson took no part in the consideration and decision of this appli-
cation.

1
MONDAY, OCTOBER 13, 1941
24
No. 62. Julius I. Puente, petitioner, v. The Spanish National State,
as a Juristic Person. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United
States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit denied.
No. 69. C. A. Ross, Agent, Inc., petitioner, v. Louis Venuto,
Administrator, etc., et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Third Circuit de-
nied.
No. 77. John W. Lewis, petitioner, v. The People of the State of
Illinois. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of the
State of Illinois denied.
No. 79. City of Harvey et al., etc., petitioners, v. John G. Getz,
Jr. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit
Court of Appeals for the Seventh Circuit denied.
No. 80. City of Harvey, petitioner, v. John G. Getz, Jr. Petition
for writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals
for the Seventh Circuit denied.
No. 84. Sargent & Company et al., petitioners, v. Agatha L. Moore
et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit
Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit denied.
No. 85. Carl Hall, Individually, etc., et al., petitioners, v. V. E.
Barnes et al., Members of the Unemployment Compensation Com-
mission of Kentucky et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
Court of Appeals of the Commonwealth of Kentucky denied.
No. 87. The Coca-Cola Company, petitioner, v. Dixi-Cola Labora-
tories, Inc., et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United
States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Fourth Circuit denied.
No. 88. Hunter and Co., Inc., petitioner, v. Village of Bellwood.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of the State of
Illinois denied.
No. 90. Jogger Manufacturing Corporation, petitioner, v. Wendell
H. Roquemore, doing business as Multigraph Sales Agency. Peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of
Appeals for the Seventh Circuit denied.
No. 92. William M. Mitchell, Administrator, etc., petitioner, v.
New England Mutual Life Insurance Company. Petition for writ
of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the
Fourth Circuit denied.
No. 93. M. Jacobson & Sons Trust, petitioner, v. Douglass M.
Bomeisler et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Circuit Court of Appeals for the First Circuit denied.
No. 102. Christ Orfanos, as Administrator, etc., petitioner, v.
George Zolintakis, Executor etc. Petition for writ of certiorari to

MONDAY, OCTOBER 13, 1941
25
the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Tenth Circuit
denied.
No. 104. Adah Alberty, Trading as Alberty's Food Products, et al.,
petitioners, v. Federal Trade Commission. Petition for writ of cer-
tiorari to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Ninth
Circuit denied.
No. 106. State of Mississippi for the use and benefit of J. E.
Shoemaker, Administrator, etc., petitioner, v. J. F. Thames et al.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of
Appeals for the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 107. Pope Estate Company, petitioner, v. John V. Lewis,
Former Collector of Internal Revenue for the First Collection Dis-
trict of California. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United
States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit denied.
No. 109. Charles Lalor Burdick et al., petitioners, v. Commissioner
of Internal Revenue. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United
States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit denied.
No. 111. The American Brake Shoe and Foundry Company, peti-
tioner, v. Alltex Products Corporation. Petition for writ of cer-
tiorari to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the
Second Circuit denied.
No. 114. Henry A. B. Dunning, petitioner, v. Guy T. Helvering,
Commissioner of Internal Revenue. Petition for writ of certiorari
to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Fourth Cir-
cuit denied.
No. 115. D. P. Skousen et al., petitioners, v. Consolidated Motors,
Inc. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of the
State of Arizona denied.
No. 116. The Pennsylvania Railroad Company, petitioner, v.
Pierre Mistrot. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Ap-
peal, 1st District, State of Louisiana denied.
No. 118. A. B. Pittman, Trustee, National Cottonseed Products
Corporation, Bankrupt, petitioner, v. Union Planters National Bank
and Trust Company et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Sixth Circuit denied.
No. 123. Mar De Passy Corporation, petitioner, v. The United
States. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Claims denied.
No. 126. Fixler, Bros., Inc., petitioner, v. The Automobile Insur-
ance Company of Hartford, Connecticut. Petition for writ of cer-
tiorari to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Sixth
Circuit denied.

MONDAY, OCTOBER 13, 1941
26
No. 127. J. H. Hemler, petitioner, v. Hope Producing Company.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of
Appeals for the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 130. Joe C. Stephens et al., petitioners, v. St. Louis Union
Trust Company. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Circuit Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 133. John O. Krouse, petitioner, v. Frank O. Lowden et al.,
Trustees, etc. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court
of the State of Kansas denied.
No. 73. Mrs. Nannie Pyle, petitioner, v. Tennessee Central Rail-
way Company. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court
of the State of Tennessee denied.
No. 134. Arrow Distilleries, Inc., an Illinois Corporation, peti-
tioner, v. Arrow Distilleries, Inc., a Michigan Corporation. Peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of
Appeals for the Seventh Circuit denied.
No. 135. Estate of A. M. Wilder, deceased, et al., petitioners, v.
Commissioner of Internal Revenue. Petition for writ of certiorari
to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit
denied.
No. 136. The Badger Oil Company, petitioner, v. Commissioner
of Internal Revenue. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United
States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 137. Charles Pettit, petitioner, v. Commissioner of Internal
Revenue. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit
Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 138. Bertie Pettit, petitioner, v. Commissioner of Internal
Revenue. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit
Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 191. Roeser & Pendleton, Inc., petitioner, v. Commissioner of
Internal Revenue. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United
States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 140. Alma F. Birckner, petitioner, v. Robert Tilch et al. Pe-
tition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals of the State of
Maryland denied.
No. 141. Harvey Eastman et al., petitioners, v. The United States
of America et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Circuit Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit denied.
No. 144. Wm. Carnegie Ewen et al., petitioners, v. The Peoria and
Eastern Railway Company. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
District Court of the United States for the Southern District of New
York denied.

MONDAY, OCTOBER 13, 1941
27
No. 145. Nick Balabanoff, petitioner, v. R. H. Kellogg et al. Pe-
tition for writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of Ap-
peals for the Ninth Circuit denied.
No. 146. Hill-Behan Lumber Company, petitioner, v. State High-
way Commission of Missouri. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
Supreme Court of the State of Missouri denied.
No. 147. M. A. Holmes, petitioner, v. Charles J. McColgan, as
Bank and Corporation Franchise Tax Commissioner of the State of
California. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of
the State of California denied.
No. 152. Minnie Keyes, petitioner, v. The United States of
America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court
of Appeals for the District of Columbia denied.
No. 153. John J. Chickering, Administrator, petitioner, v. Com-
missioner of Internal Revenue. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the First Circuit denied.
No. 324. James C. B. Millard, as Executor, etc., petitioner, v.
Harry A. Maloney. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United
States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Third Circuit denied.
No. 154. Exhibit Supply Company, petitioner, v. Ace Patents Cor-
poration;
No. 155. Genco, Inc., petitioner, v. Ace Patents Corporation; and
No. 156. Chicago Coin Machine Company, petitioner, v. Ace Pat-
ents Corporation. Petition for writs of certiorari to the United States
Circuit Court of Appeals for the Seventh Circuit denied.
No. 157. Bernice Vince, petitioner, v. Great Northern Life Insur-
ance Company. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Circuit Court of Appeals for the Sixth Circuit denied.
No. 162. Phillips Petroleum Company, petitioner, v. C. F. Green,
as Chairman of the Iowa State Board of Assessment and Review, etc.,
et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court
of Appeals for the Eighth Circuit denied.
No. 163. Joseph Obergfell et al., petitioners, v. William Green
et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of
Appeals for the District of Columbia denied.
No. 164. Norman B. Pitcairn and Frank C. Nicodemus, Jr., Re-
ceivers, etc., petitioners, v. Richard F. Wild. Petition for writ of
certiorari to the Supreme Court of the State of Missouri denied.
No. 165. The Borin Corporation, Formerly Zero Ice Corporation,
petitioner, v. Commissioner of Internal Revenue. Petition for writ
of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the
Sixth Circuit denied.

MONDAY, OCTOBER 13, 1941
28
No. 167. Sonken-Galamba Corporation and W. C. Berry, peti-
tioners, v. Butler Iron & Steel Company, Inc. Petition for writ of
certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the
Eighth Circuit denied.
No. 172. Brigham Young University, petitioner, v. Edith Cannon
Lillywhite. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Cir-
cuit Court of Appeals for the Tenth Circuit denied.
No. 173. George H. Mason, Trustee, et al., petitioner, v. John Wylde
et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Superior Court, Worcester
County, Commonwealth of Massachusetts, denied.
No. 174. Jose Eduardo Casalduc, Trustee, petitioner, v. Antonio
Diaz Gonzalez et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United
States Circuit Court of Appeals for the First Circuit denied.
No. 175. Mary E. Chewning, petitioner, v. The District of Colum-
bia, a Municipal Corporation, Garnishee. Petition for writ of certio-
rari to the United States Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia
denied.
No. 182. Pauly Jail Building Company and Security Products
Company, petitioners . International Association of Bridge, Struc-
tural & Ornamental Iron Workers, etc., et al. Petition for writ of
certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Eighth
Circuit denied.
No. 183. Axel Hawkinson, petitioner, v. George Gaston Johnston.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of
Appeals for the Eighth Circuit denied.
No. 187. Zoilo Mendez Rios, petitioner, v. Clarence K. Bowie et al.,
Trustees. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit
Court of Appeals for the First Circuit denied.
No. 195. William H. Killoren, Trustee in Bankruptcy of Hamil-
ton-Brown Shoe Company, Bankrupt, petitioner, v. The United
States of America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United
States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Eighth Circuit denied.
No. 202. New Amsterdam Casualty Company, petitioner, v. The
Miami Conservancy District. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Sixth Circuit denied.
No. 203. H. D. Ryan and L. G. Howard, Trading as Keystone
Transfer Co., petitioners, v. The Pennsylvania Public Utility Com-
mission. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Superior Court of
the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania denied.
No. 204. Nettie Meyer, Anna Jacobson, et al., petitioners, v. Ken-
more-Granville Hotel Company, et al. Petition for writ of certiorari
to the Appellate Court, First District, State of Illinois, denied.

MONDAY, OCTOBER 13, 1941
29
No. 205. A. Crawford Greene, Guardian, etc., petitioner, v. Com-
missioner of Internal Revenue. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit, denied.
No. 207. Rubert Hermanos, Inc., et al., petitioners, v. The People
of Puerto Rico. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Circuit Court of Appeals for the First Circuit denied.
No. 211. Robert M. Hannan et al., petitioners, v. City of Haverhill
et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit
Court of Appeals for the First Circuit denied.
No. 213. George Pascone, petitioner, v. Commonwealth of Massa-
chusetts. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Judicial
Court of the Commonwealth of Massachusetts denied.
No. 212. Fred Barnett and Edna M. Barnett, petitioners, v. Re-
construction Finance Corporation. Petition for writ of certiorari
to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Seventh Circuit
denied.
No. 214. Fort Street Union Depot Company, petitioner, v. Mar-
garet M. Hillen, as Special Administratrix, etc. Petition for writ of
certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the
Sixth Circuit denied.
No. 215. S. Nathan & Company, Inc., et al., petitioners, v. Red
Cab, Incorporated, Frank Bird Transfer Company. Petition for
writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for
the Seventh Circuit denied.
No. 218. George H. Hayes, Jr., petitioner, v. C. C. Moore Con-
struction Company, Inc. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United
States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 219. Samuel Newfield, Trustee, etc., petitioner, v. East River
Savings Bank. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Circuit Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit denied.
No. 220. Freda R. Caspersen, petitioner, v. Commissioner of In-
ternal Revenue. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Circuit Court of Appeals for the Third Circuit denied.
No. 221. Mary Zacharie Brock et al., petitioners, v. Barnsdall Oil
Company et al.; and
No. 222. Frank A. Ash et al., petitioners, v. Barnsdall Oil Com-
pany et al. Petition for writs of certiorari to the United States
Circuit Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 224. Ruth Naomi Urseth, petitioner, v. Sun Life Assurance
Company of Canada. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United
States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Eighth Circuit denied.
420417-41--5

MONDAY, OCTOBER 13, 1941
30
No. 225. H. H. Wegener, petitioner, v. Guy T. Helvering, Commis-
sioner of Internal Revenue. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 227. Twin Ports Oil Company, petitioner, v. The Pure Oil
Company. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Cir-
cuit Court of Appeals for the Eighth Circuit denied.
No. 228. The S. S. White Dental Manufacturing Company, peti-
tioner, v. The United States. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
Court of Claims denied.
No. 230. R. G. Trippett and A. H. Meadows, Transferees, etc.,
et. al., petitioner, v. Commissioner of Internal Revenue. Petition for
writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for
the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 231. W. D. Gordon, petitioner, v. Cecil E. Vallee et al. Peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of
Appeals for the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 232. Charles M. Koeberlein, petitioner, v. George W. Durbin
et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of the
State of Illinois denied.
No. 233. Frederic H. Penn, Doing business under the name and
style of Superlite Company, et al., petitioners, v. Novadel-Agene
Corporation. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Circuit Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 234. Omaha Packing Company, petitioner, v. Pittsburgh, Fort
Wayne & Chicago Railway Company et al. Petition for writ of
certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the
Seventh Circuit denied.
No. 236. John T. Clarke, petitioner, v. Barclay Park Corporation.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of
Appeals for the Second Circuit denied.
No. 237. William G. Wheat, petitioner, v. Ford Motor Company.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of
Appeals for the Eighth Circuit denied.
No. 240. Harry Hanson, petitioner, v. Lehigh Valley Railroad
Company. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Cir-
cuit Court of Appeals for the Third Circuit denied.
No. 243. Maryland and Virginia Milk Producers' Association, In-
corporated, petitioner, v. District of Columbia. Petition for writ of
certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the District of
Columbia denied.
No. 246. Joseph J. Kopke and Henry Hlavacek, petitioners, v. The
State of Illinois. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme
Court of the State of Illinois denied.

MONDAY, OCTOBER 13, 1941
31
No. 247. Henderson Supplee, Jr., et al., petitioners, v. Commis-
missioner of Internal Revenue. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Third Circuit denied.
No. 253. Elstelnat Holding Corporation, petitioner, v. Aaron L.
Palmer, Trustee, etc. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United
States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit denied.
No. 254. Doris Shipman Hunteman, Individually, etc., petitioner,
v. New Orleans Public Service, Inc. Petition for writ of certiorari
to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit
denied.
No. 260. Ralph Elliott Sprinkle, petitioner, v. Mose E. Davis.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of
Appeals for the Fourth Circuit denied.
No. 261. Wm. C. Bachelder, Receiver, etc., petitioner, v. National
Labor Relations Board. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United
States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Seventh Circuit denied.
No. 263. C. D. Walker, as Trustee, etc., petitioner, v. L. Maxcy,
Inc. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court
of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 266. McClave & Company, petitioner, v. George A. Carden
et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court
of Appeals for the Second Circuit denied.
No. 269. Young Men's Christian Association, a Corporation, peti-
tioner, v. New York Casualty Company. Petition for writ of certio-
rari to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Eighth
Circuit denied.
No. 270. First Trust & Savings Bank of Oneida, Tennessee, peti-
tioner, v. Paul J. Kent, Receiver, etc. Petition for writ of certiorari to
the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Sixth Circuit
denied.
No. 271. J. T. Smith, petitioner, v. The Fourth National Bank of
Tulsa, Oklahoma. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court
of the State of Oklahoma denied.
No. 274. Massman Construction Company, petitioner, v. Harry W.
Bassett, Deputy Commissioner of United States Employees' Com-
pensation Commission, et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Eighth Circuit denied.
No. 279. White Swan Company, petitioner, v. National Labor Rela-
tions Board. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Cir-
cuit Court of Appeals for the Fourth Circuit denied.
No. 282. Legh R. Powell, Jr., and Henry W. Anderson, as Re-
ceivers, petitioners, v. J. H. Wiggins. Petition for writ of certiorari

MONDAY, OCTOBER 13, 1941
32
to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit
denied.
No. 287. Kenneth M. Keefe et al., etc., petitioners, v. Bloomfield
Village Drain District, etc., et al.; and
No. 288. Kenneth M. Keefe et al., etc., petitioners, v. Bloomfield
Village Drain District, etc., et al. Petition for writs of certiorari to
the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Sixth Circuit
denied.
No. 289. Kenneth M. Keefe et al., etc., petitioners, v. Martin
Drain and Branches Drain District, etc., et al. Petition for writ of
certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Sixth
Circuit denied.
No. 290. Kenneth M. Keefe et al., etc., petitioners, v. Center Line
Relief Drain District, etc., et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to
the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Sixth Circuit
denied.
No. 291. Kenneth M. Keefe et al., etc., petitioners, v. Nine-Mile-
Halfway Drain District, etc., et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to
the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Sixth Circuit,
denied.
No. 292. Charles A. Bahr, Sr., and George Hamman, Executors,
etc., petitioners, v. Commissioner of Internal Revenue. Petition for
writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for
the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 293. James A. Tillman, petitioner, v. The National City Bank
of New York. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Circuit Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit denied.
No. 294. Marcelino Lontok, petitioner, v. Gregorio Battung and
Canuto Fermin. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Ap-
peals of the Commonwealth of the Philippines denied.
No. 298. Fred I. Getty, petitioner, v. Kinzbach Tool Company,
Inc., et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Cir-
cuit Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 299. T. E. Stephens, petitioner, v. Richman & Samuels, Inc.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court
of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 310. Frank O. Lowden et al., Trustees, etc., petitioners, v. The
United States. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Claims
denied.
No. 312. Worthington Ames and Gertrude Ames, Husband and
Wife, petitioners, v. Empire Star Mines Company, Ltd. Petition for
writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of the State of California
denied.

MONDAY, OCTOBER 13, 1941
33
No. 314. Lois Bowden and Zada Sanders, petitioners, v. City of
Fort Smith, Arkansas. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Su-
preme Court of the State of Arkansas denied.
No. 316. E. A. Lynch, Receiver, etc., et al., petitioners, v. P. M.
Jackson, Trustee, etc., et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit denied.
No. 317. Linus C. Coggan, petitioner, v. Commissioner of Internal
Revenue. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Cir-
cuit Court of Appeals for the First Circuit denied.
No. 319. Bear Gulch Water Company, petitioner, v. Commissioner
of Internal Revenue. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United
States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit denied.
No. 326. Amanta S. Maier, petitioner, v. The Continental Oil
Company. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Cir-
cuit Court of Appeals for the Seventh Circuit denied.
No. 329. Edward A. Blair, petitioner, v. The United States. Peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the Court of Claims denied.
No. 330. Hydrolloid, Incorporated, et al., petitioners, v. L. L.
Brown Paper Company et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit
denied.
No. 333. Chicago & Eastern Illinois Railroad Company, petitioner,
v. Arthur F. Gourley. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United
States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Seventh Circuit denied.
No. 334. Joseph E. Seagram & Sons, Inc., petitioner, v. The United
States. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Claims denied.
No. 336. Fred Spikes, petitioner, v. Street & Smith Publications,
Inc. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit
Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 337. Prime Securities Corporation, petitioner, v. The United
States of America;
No. 338. Michigan Silica Company, petitioner, v. The United
States of America;
No. 339. General Chromium Corporation, petitioner, v. The United
States of America;
No. 340. Senior Investment Corporation, petitioner, v. The United
States of America;
No. 341. Udylite Company, petitioner, v. The United States of
America; and
No. 342. Standard Cotton Products Company, petitioner, v. The
United States of America. Petition for writs of certiorari to the
United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Sixth Circuit denied.

MONDAY, OCTOBER 13, 1941
34
No. 343. American National Bank at Indianapolis, as Trustee, pe-
titioner, v. The Service Life Insurance Company. Petition for writ of
certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Sev-
enth Circuit denied.
No. 346. Louisiana Delta Cattle Co., Inc., petitioner, v. The United
States. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Claims denied.
No. 347. Tasty Baking Company, petitioner, v. The United States.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Claims denied.
No. 350. Wisconsin Co-operative Milk Pool, petitioner, v. First
Wisconsin National Bank of Milwaukee et al. Petition for writ of
certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Sev-
enth Circuit denied.
No. 353. Henry S. Haskins, as Receiver, etc., petitioner, v. Roy F.
Roseberry et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Circuit Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit denied.
No. 354. George E. Morton, Trustee, etc., et al., petitioners, v.
Dardanelle Special School District No. 15 of Yell County, Arkansas.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of
Appeals for the Eighth Circuit denied.
No. 358. Emil Stein, petitioner, v. Preston Delano, Comptroller of
the Currency, et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United
States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Third Circuit denied.
No. 497. Leonard L. Edwards, petitioners, v. Bingham Pump Com-
pany. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit
Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit denied.
No. 506. System Federation No. 59 of the Railway Employees De-
partment of The American Federation of Labor, petitioner, v. Louisi-
ana & Arkansas Railway Company. Petition for writ of certiorari
to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit
denied.
No. 511. The Texas and Pacific Railway Company et al., peti-
tioners, v. The Citizens National Bank in Abilene. Petition for writ
of certiorari to the Supreme Court of the State of Texas denied.
No. 512. Board of Public Instruction for the County of Hernando,
State of Florida, petitioner, v. W. J. Meredith, James G. Martin, et al.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of
Appeals for the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 513. Outboard, Marine & Manufacturing Company, petitioner,
v. Muncie Gear Works, Inc., et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to
the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Seventh Circuit
denied.

MONDAY, OCTOBER 13, 1941
35
No. 514. Commerce Title Guaranty Company, petitioner, v. The
United States of America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Sixth Circuit denied.
No. 515. Joseph K. Sherman, Trustee, etc., petitioner, v. William
E. Buckley et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Circuit Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit denied.
No. 516. George H. Whiteley, Jr., petitioner, v. Commissioner of
Internal Revenue. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Circuit Court of Appeals for the Third Circuit denied.
No. 517. The Sirocco Company, petitioner, v. The City of Miami.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of the State of
Florida denied.
No. 519. The Camden Fire Insurance Association, petitioner, v.
Jennie M. Sundquist, Administratrix, etc. Petition for writ of cer-
tiorari to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Seventh
Circuit denied.
No. 521. Darling Stores Corporation, petitioner, v. Young Realty
Company. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Cir-
cuit Court of Appeals for the Eighth Circuit denied.
No. 522. Hercules Mining Company, petitioner, v. The United
States of America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United
States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit denied.
No. 528. The Ohio Oil Company et al., petitioners, v. Guy A.
Thompson, Trustee, etc., et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Eighth Circuit denied.
No. 534. A. B. Hall, petitioner, v. The State of Georgia. Petition
for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals of the State of Georgia
denied.
No. 537. A. Atwater Kent, petitioner, v. Walter J. Rothensies, Col-
lector of Internal Revenue, etc. Petition for writ of certiorari to
the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Third Circuit
denied.
No. 538. Harry N. Southard, petitioner, v. Harry Jackson, Warden,
etc. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of the State
of Michigan denied.
No. 539. Irving J. White, petitioner, v. Irving Steinman, as Trus-
tee, etc. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit
Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit denied.
No. 540. John Remington Nichols et al., petitioners, v. Patrick J.
Tuffy, Trustee, etc. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United
States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit denied.

MONDAY, OCTOBER 13, 1941
36
No. 542. N. S. Housman, petitioner, v. The People of the State of
California. Petition for writ of certiorari to the District Court of
Appeal, 1st Appellate District, State of California, denied.
No. 547. Benjamin Mahler and Julia F. Mahler, petitioners, v.
Commissioner of Internal Revenue. Petition for writ of certiorari
to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit
denied.
No. 560. Federal Life Insurance Company, petitioner, v. Lester
Ettman. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit
Court of Appeals for the Eighth Circuit denied.
No. 561. Steamtug "Lackawanna," Margaret A. Jameson, et al., pe-
titioners, v. Steamtug "S. & H. No. 2," Inc., as Owner, etc. Petition
for writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals
for the Second Circuit denied.
No. 565. James C. Jones, petitioner, v. Guy T. Helvering, Commis-
sioner of Internal Revenue. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Eighth Circuit denied.
No. 573. James W. Murphy, doing business as La France Toledo
Company, petitioner, v. James A. Brady, Acting Collector of Internal
Revenue for Ohio. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United
States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Sixth Circuit denied.
No. 666, October Term, 1940. Detrola Radio and Television Cor-
poration, petitioner, v. Hazeltine Corporation. The opinion is
amended by substituting the figure "8" for the figure "9" in the seventh
line of the third paragraph of the opinion. The petition for rehear-
ing is denied.
No. 90, October Term, 1940. Carlota Benitez Sampayo, petitioner,
v. The Bank of Nova Scotia. The motion for an extension of time
to file a supplement to the petition for rehearing and the motion to
recall the mandate are denied. The petition for rehearing is denied.
The Chief Justice took no part in the consideration and decision of
these applications.
No. 910, October Term, 1940. Abraham L. Shushan, petitioner, v.
The United States of America;
No. 911, October Term, 1940. Robert J. Newman and Norvin T.
Harris, Jr., petitioners, v. The United States of America;
No. 912, October Term, 1940. Henry J. Miller, petitioner, v. The
United States of America; and
No. 913, October Term, 1940. Herbert W. Waguespack, petitioner,
v. The United States of America. The petitions for rehearing are
denied. Mr. Justice Murphy took no part in the consideration and
decision of these applications.

MONDAY, OCTOBER 13, 1941
37
No. 938, October Term, 1940. Samuel D. Orwitz, appellant, v.
Board of Dental Examiners of the State of California. The motion
for a writ of certiorari to correct a diminution of the record is granted.
Treating the paragraph which the appellant seeks to include in the
record as duly certified, the petition for rehearing is denied.
No. 954, October Term, 1940. Georgia M. Spruill, petitioner, v.
William T. Ballard et al. The motion to consider new evidence is
denied. The petition for rehearing is also denied.
No. 1063, October Term, 1940. Pearl Assurance Company, Limited,
of London, England, et al., appellants, v. Charles F. J. Harrington,
as Commissioner, etc. The petition for rehearing is denied. Mr.
Justice Frankfurter took no part in the consideration and decision
of this application.
-
No. original, October Term, 1940. State of California, com-
plainant, v. The United States of America;
No.
tioner;
-
,
October Term, 1940. Ex parte Ellert L. McGrath, peti-
No. 594, October Term, 1940. City of Kansas City, Kansas, et al.,
appellants, v. The United States of America et al.;
No. 618, October Term, 1940. The United States of America, ap-
pellant, v. Patrick B. Classic et al.;
No. 640, October Term, 1940. The United States of America et al.,
appellants, v. F. O. Morgan, doing business as F. O. Morgan Sheep
Commission Company, et al.;
No. 738, October Term, 1940. General Motors Corporation, peti-
tioner, v. The United States;
No. 739, October Term, 1940. United Motor Service, Inc., peti-
tioner, v. The United States;
No. 817, October Term, 1940. The Royal Indemnity Company,
petitioner, v. The United States of America;
No. 917, October Term, 1940. John Semar Farnsworth, petitioner,
v. Joseph W. Sanford, Warden, etc.;
No. 924, October Term, 1940. Tom Wing Art, alias Wing Fook
Tom, etc., petitioner, v. William A. Carmichael, District Director,
etc.;
No. 966, October Term, 1940. Charles Beland, petitioner, v. The
United States of America;
No. 969, October Term, 1940. South Atlantic Steamship Company
of Delaware, petitioner, v, National Labor Relations Board;
No. 1045, October Term, 1940. Andrew J. Nichols et al., peti-
tioners, v. Walter A. Todd et al.;
No. 1056, October Term, 1940. The Singer Manufacturing Com-
pany, petitioner, v. National Labor Relations Board; and
420417-41
-6

MONDAY, OCTOBER 13, 1941
38
No. 1058, October Term, 1940, Frank C. Rand, petitioner, v. Guy
T. Helvering, Commissioner of Internal Revenue. The petitions for
rehearing in these cases are denied.
Mr. Acting Solicitor General Fahy presented the Honorable
Francis Biddle, of Pennsylvania, Attorney General of the United
States. The Chief Justice said:
"Mr. Attorney General, we welcome you to the performance of
the important duties which devolve upon you as the Chief Law
Officer of the Government and as an officer of this Court.
commission will be recorded."
Your
No., original. Ex parte State of Texas et al., petitioners.
Motion for leave to file petition for writ of mandamus presented.
No. 303. C. M. Lane Lifeboat Company, Inc., et al., petitioners,
v. The United States of America. Reported for failure to comply
with the rules.
No. 1. Harry Bridges, petitioner, v. State of California. Reargued
by Mr. Osmond K. Fraenkel for the petitioner and by Mr. Allen
W. Ashburn for the respondent. Leave granted respondent to file
brief by Thursday next.
No. 3. The Times-Mirror Company and L. D. Hotchkiss, peti-
tioners, v. The Superior Court of the State of California in and
for the County of Los Angeles. Reargument commenced by Mr.
T. B. Cosgrove for the petitioners.
Adjourned until tomorrow at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Tuesday, October 14, will be as follows: Nos. 3, 2,
4 (and 5), 10 (11, 12, and 13), 14, 15, 16, 19, 20, 24, 17, 18,
and 21.
☑

TUESDAY, OCTOBER 14, 1941
39
39
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: The Chief Justice, Mr. Justice Roberts, Mr. Justice Black,
Mr. Justice Reed, Mr. Justice Frankfurter, Mr. Justice Douglas,
Mr. Justice Murphy, Mr. Justice Byrnes, and Mr. Justice Jackson.
Robert E. Noelker, of Morris, Ind.; Cicero C. Sessions, of New
Orleans, La.; Jose Luis Avellanal, of Atlanta, Ga.; James Edwin
Archer, of Washington, D. C.; William Jerome Pollack, of Cleve-
land, Ohio; Franklin Joyce Cox, of Houston, Tex.; Richard M. Fen-
nemore, of Phoenix, Ariz.; Orille C. Gaudette, of Lowell, Mass.;
William Marshall Slayden II, of Waverly, Tenn.; John Lansdale,
Jr., of Cleveland, Ohio; Henry A. Hirshberg, of San Antonio, Tex.;
John Catlin Kendall, of Portland, Oreg.; and Linus A. Verzi, of
Arlington, Va., were admitted to practice.
ORDER
It is ordered that the following allotment be made of the Chief
Justice and Associate Justices of this Court among the circuits, agree-
ably to the Acts of Congress in such case made and provided, and
that such allotment be entered of record, viz :
For the First Circuit, Felix Frankfurter, Associate Justice.
For the Second Circuit, Robert H. Jackson, Associate Justice.
For the Third Circuit, Owen J. Roberts, Associate Justice.
For the Fourth Circuit, Harlan F. Stone, Chief Justice.
For the Fifth Circuit, Hugo L. Black, Associate Justice.
For the Sixth Circuit, Stanley Reed, Associate Justice.
For the Seventh Circuit, James Francis Byrnes, Associate Justice.
For the Eighth Circuit, Frank Murphy, Associate Justice.
For the Ninth Circuit, William O. Douglas, Associate Justice.
For the Tenth Circuit, Frank Murphy, Associate Justice.
For the District of Columbia, Harlan F. Stone, Chief Justice.
No. 196. H. W. Ferguson, petitioner, v. The United States of
America. Order denying petition for writ of certiorari withheld on
motion of Mr. Wm. D. Donnelly for the petitioner.
420417-41——7

1
TUESDAY, OCTOBER 14, 1941
40
No. 3. The Times-Mirror Company and L. D. Hotchkiss, petition-
ers, v. The Superior Court of the State of California in and for the
County of Los Angeles. Reargument continued by Mr. T. B. Cos-
grove for the petitioners and concluded by Mr. Allen W. Ashburn
for the respondent.
No. 2. Martin J. Bernards and Lena Bernards, petitioners, v.
M. R. Johnson et al. Reargued by Mr. William Lemke for the
petitioners and by Mr. William Brewster and Mr. H. G. Platt for
the respondents.
No. 4. Major Raymond Lisenba, appellant, v. The People of the
State of California; and
No. 5. Major Raymond Lisenba, appellant, v. The People of the
State of California. Reargument commenced by Mr. Morris Lavine
for the petitioner.
Adjourned until tomorrow at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Wednesday, October 15, will be as follows: Nos.
4 (and 5), 10 (11, 12, and 13), 14, 15, 16, 19, 20, 24, 17, 18,
and 21.
Х

WEDNESDAY, OCTOBER 15, 1941
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
41
Present: The Chief Justice, Mr. Justice Roberts, Mr. Justice Black,
Mr. Justice Reed, Mr. Justice Frankfurter, Mr. Justice Douglas, Mr.
Justice Murphy, Mr. Justice Byrnes, and Mr. Justice Jackson.
William T. Sweigert, of San Francisco, Calif.; Hiram W. Johnson
3d, of San Francisco, Calif.; Mervin Allen Ziegler, of Alexandria, Va.;
Herbert S. Miller, of Middletown, Ohio; Thomas LeBeau Fekete, of
East St. Louis, Ill.; Reginald Carl Harmon, of Urbana, Ill.; Gilberto
Concepcion, of Vega Alta, P. R.; William Page Dame, Jr., of Balti-
more, Md.; and Lawrence J. Dahlgren, of Chicago, Ill., were admitted
to practice.
No. 285. S. Elbert Pike et al., petitioners, v. Frank C. Walker
(substituted for James A. Farley), as Postmaster General of the
United States et al. Order denying certiorari withheld on motion of
Mr. Horace J. Donnelly, Jr., for the petitioners.
No. 4. Major Raymond Lisenba, petitioner, v. The People of the
State of California; and
No. 5. Major Raymond Lisenba, petitioner, v. The People of the
State of California. Reargument continued by Mr. Morris Lavine for
the petitioner; by Mr. Everett W. Mattoon for the respondent; and
concluded by Mr. Eugene D. Williams for the respondent.
No. 10. City of Indianapolis et al., petitioners, v. The Chase Na-
tional Bank of the City of New York, Trustee, etc., et al.;
No. 11. City of Indiapanolis et al., petitioners, v. The Chase Na-
tional Bank of the City of New York, Trustee, etc., et al.;
No. 12. The Chase National Bank of the City of New York, Trus-
tee, etc., petitioner, v. Citizens Gas Company of Indianapolis et al.;
and
No. 13. The Chase National Bank of the City of New York, Trus-
tee, etc., petitioner, v. The Indianapolis Gas Company et al. Reargu-
ment commenced by Mr. Howard F. Burns for the Chase National
Bank; continued by Mr. William H. Thompson for the City of
Indianapolis; by Mr. William G. Sparks for the Citizens Gas Co.;
and by Mr. William R. Higgins for the Indianapolis Gas Co.
Adjourned until tomorrow at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Thursday, October 16, will be as follows: Nos.
10 (11, 12, and 13), 14, 15, 16, 19, 20, 24, 17, 18, and 21.
420417-41-8
☑

THURSDAY, OCTOBER 16, 1941
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
42
Present: The Chief Justice, Mr. Justice Roberts, Mr. Justice
Black, Mr. Justice Reed, Mr. Justice Frankfurter, Mr. Justice
Douglas, Mr. Justice Murphy, Mr. Justice Byrnes, and Mr. Justice
Jackson.
Grant T. Anderson, of Portland, Oreg.; and Joseph V. McEnery,
of Philadelphia, Pa., were admitted to practice.
No. 354. George E. Morton, Trustee, et al., petitioners, v. Darda-
nelle Special School District No. 15 of Yell County, Arkansas.
Order denying certiorari withheld on motion of counsel for the
petitioners.
No. 10. City of Indianapolis et al., petitioners, v. The Chase Na-
tional Bank of the City of New York, Trustee, etc., et al.;
No. 11. City of Indianapolis et al., petitioners, v. The Chase Na-
tional Bank of the City of New York, Trustee, etc., et al.;
No. 12. The Chase National Bank of the City of New York, Trus-
tee, etc., petitioner, v. Citizens Gas Company of Indianapolis et al.,
and
No. 13. The Chase National Bank of the City of New York, Trus-
tee, etc., petitioner, v. The Indianapolis Gas Company et al. Re-
argument continued by Mr. William R. Higgins for the Indian-
apolis Gas Co.; by Mr. Howard F. Burns for the Chase National
Bank; and Concluded by Mr. William H. Thompson for the City
of Indianapolis.
No. 14. Commercial Molasses Corporation, petitioner, v. New
York Tank Barge Corporation, as chartered owner, etc. Reargued
by Mr. T. Catesby Jones for the petitioner and by Mr. Robert S.
Erskine for the respondent.
No. 15. New York, Chicago & St. Louis Railroad Company, appel-
lant, v. Dorothea T. Frank. Motion for leave to file brief as amicus
curiae submitted by Mr. Otto C. Sommerich and the motion denied.
Reargument commenced by Mr. William J. Donovan for the
appellant.
Adjourned until tomorrow at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Friday, October 17, will be as follows: Nos. 15,
16, 19, 20, 24, 17, 18, 21, 6, and 37.
☑
420417-41- -9

FRIDAY, OCTOBER 17, 1941
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
43
Present: The Chief Justice, Mr. Justice Roberts, Mr. Justice Black,
Mr. Justice Reed, Mr. Justice Frankfurter, Mr. Justice Douglas, Mr.
Justice Murphy, Mr. Justice Byrnes, and Mr. Justice Jackson.
Bertrand Rhine, of Los Angeles, Calif.; Jack L. Graham, of Wash-
ington, D. C.; and J. Lambert Gibson, of Salt Lake City, Utah, were
admitted to practice.
No. 150. William D. Pelley, petitioner, v. John B. Colpoys, United
States Marshal in and for the District of Columbia. Motion to with-
hold order denying petition for writ of certiorari submitted by counsel
for the petitioner.
No. 352. General Motors Corporation et al., petitioners, v. The
United States of America. Motion to withhold order denying peti-
tioner for writ of certiorari submitted by counsel for the petitioners.
No. 15. New York, Chicago & St. Louis Railroad Company, ap-
pellant, v. Dorothea T. Frank. Reargument continued by Mr. Wil-
liam J. Donovan for the appellant and concluded by Mr. Louis J. Vor-
haus for the appellee.
No. 16. Samuel R. Toucey, petitioner, v. New York Life Insur-
ance Company. Reargued by Mr. Richard S. Righter for the re-
spondent and case submitted by Mr. Samuel R. Toucey, pro se.
No. 19. Phoenix Finance Corporation, petitioner, v. Iowa-Wiscon-
sin Bridge Company. Reargument commenced by Mr. James R.
Morford for the petitioner and continued by Mr. Fred A. Ontjes for
the respondent.
Adjourned until Monday next, at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Monday, October 20, will be as follows: Nos. 19,
20, 24, 17, 18, 21, 6, 37, 24, and 22.
420417 41- 10
F

MONDAY, OCTOBER 20, 1941
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
44
Present: The Chief Justice, Mr. Justice Roberts, Mr. Justice Black,
Mr. Justice Reed, Mr. Justice Frankfurter, Mr. Justice Douglas, Mr.
Justice Murphy, Mr. Justice Byrnes, and Mr. Justice Jackson.
Oscar H. Davis, of Mount Vernon, N. Y.; William John Beer, of
Royal Oak, Mich.: Edward Gaulkin, of Newark. N. J.; Joseph W.
Conway, of Phoenix, Ariz.; Jno. F. Scott, of Knoxville, Tenn.;
Rudolph A. Huebner, of Newark, N. J.; Elmer L. Fagundus, of
Newark, N. J.; Stanley E. Macora, of Clinton, Mass.; Charles H.
Wager, of New York, N. Y.; Robert W. Allnutt, Jr., of Philadel-
phia, Pa.; D. Frederick McMullen, of Tampa, Fla.; Neil C. Mc-
Mullen, of Tampa, Fla.; Frank J. O'Connor, of Washington, D. C.;
David M. Bockenek, of Elizabeth, N. J.; Carroll Comer Gilpin. of
Saint Louis, Mo.; Robert Nagel Jones, of Saint Louis, Mo.; and
Frederick E. Hines, of Santa Monica, Calif., were admitted to
practice.
The Chief Justice announced the following orders of the Court:
No. -, original. State of Louisiana, plaintiff, v. Claude Cum-
mins et al. On motion for leave to file complaint. Per curiam:
Leave to file the complaint is denied for want of jurisdiction, it
appearing that one of the named parties defendant is a citizen of
Louisiana. California v. Southern Pacific Co., 157 U. S. 229, 256–
262; Minnesota v. Northern Securities Co., 184 U. S. 199, 238; New
Mexico v. Lane, 243 U. S. 52, 58; Texas v. Interstate Commerce
Commission, 258 U. S. 158, 163. The rule to show cause is discharged.
No. 626. Aponaug Manufacturing Company, appellant, v. Alfred
H. Stone, Chairman, State Tax Commission, et al. Appeal from
the Supreme Court of the State of Mississippi. Per curiam: The
judgment is affirmed. American Mfg. Co. v. City of St. Louis, 250
U. S. 459; Department of Treasury of Indiana v. Ingram-Richard-
son Mfg. Co., 313 U. S. 252.
420417-41-11

MONDAY, OCTOBER 20, 1941
The Chief Justice said:
45
"The other orders of the Court appear upon the list certified by
the Chief Justice and filed with the Clerk and will not be announced
orally."
No.
No.
―.
No. ―.
denied.
Meyer Middleman, petitioner, v. The United States;
Ex parte Godfrey D. Ricketts, petitioner; and
Ex parte Mrs. Jule S. Jackson, petitioner. Applications
No., original. Ex parte Virgil Current, petitioner. The motion
for leave to file petition for writ of habeas corpus is denied without
prejudice to an application to the United States District Court.
No.
-
-
original. Ex parte Lloyd Wiley, petitioner;
No., original. Ex parte David H. Johnson, petitioner;
No., original. Ex parte Andrew Frey, petitioner ;
No., original. Ex parte Ben Sims, petitioner;
-
No.
original. Ex parte Daniel Patrick Doyle, petitioner ;
No., original. Ex parte Charles Lefkowitz, petitioner;
No., original. Ex parte Homer Franks, petitioner;
No.
-
original. Ex parte William H. Padgett, petitioner;
No., original. Ex parte Fred Reger, petitioner ;
No., original. Ex parte William Barber, petitioner ;
No. original. Ex parte Frank Roberson, petitioner;
No., original. Ex parte Stanley B. Peplowski, petitioner;
original. Ex parte Herman Barmore, petitioner ;
No., original. Ex parte Kenneth Gerard, petitioner;
No.
-
-
"
No., original. Ex parte George D. Latimer, petitioner;
"
No. original. Ex parte Ernest Diefenbach, petitioner; and
No. , original. Ex parte John R. Miller, petitioner. The
motions for leave to file petitions for writs of habeas corpus are denied.
-
No. , original. Ex parte James M. Wright, petitioner. The
motion for leave to file petition for writ of prohibition is denied.
No., original. Ex parte Thomas M. McNeill, petitioner;
No., original. Ex parte Jessie E. Moore, petitioner ;
No., original. Ex parte Samuel White, petitioner; and
-
―,
No. , original. Ex parte Edward Casebeer, petitioner. The
motions for leave to file petitions for writs of mandamus are denied.
No. , original. Ex parte State of Texas et al., petitioners. A
rule is ordered to issue returnable November 10 next, requiring the
respondents to show cause why leave to file the petition for writ
of mandamus should not be granted.

MONDAY, OCTOBER 20, 1941
46
No. 10, original. Ex parte Raymond Owald Demaurez, petitioner.
The motion for leave to file petition for writ of certiorari is
granted. The motion for leave to proceed further herein in forma
pauperis is denied for the reason that the Court, upon examina-
tion of the papers herein submitted, finds no ground upon which a
writ of certiorari should be issued. The petition for writ of
certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Ninth
Circuit is therefore also denied.
No. 901, October Term, 1940. Bakery and Pastry Drivers and
Helpers Local 802 of the International Brotherhood of Teamsters
et al., petitioners, v. Hyman Wohl and Louis Platzman. The peti-
tion for rehearing is granted. The judgment entered June 2, 1941,
is vacated and the mandate is recalled. The case is assigned for
argument immediately following No. 142.
No. 962, October Term, 1940. Martin M. Goldman, petitioner, v.
The United States of America;
No. 963, October Term, 1940. Jacob P. Shulman, petitioner, v.
The United States of America; and
No. 980, October Term, 1940. Theodore Goldman, petitioner, v.
The United States of America. The motion to defer consideration
of the petition for rehearing is denied. The petition for rehearing
is granted. The order denying certiorari is vacated and the peti-
tion for writs of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of
Appeals for the Second Circuit is granted. Mr. Justice Jackson
took no part in the consideration and decision of this application.
No. 256. Dr. Maximilian Goldstein et al., petitioners, v. The
United States of America. This case is assigned for argument im-
mediately following Nos. 962, 963, and 980.
No. 527. Carpenters and Joiners Union of America, Local No. 213,
et al., petitioners, v. Ritter's Cafe et al. This case is assigned for
argument immediately following No. 901, October Term, 1940.
No. 7. The Carter Oil Company, petitioner, v. John F. Welker et al.
The motion of respondents to dismiss or affirm is denied.
No. 150. William D. Pelley, petitioner, v. John B. Colpoys, United
States Marshal, etc. The motion to withhold the order denying peti-
tion for writ of certiorari is denied. Mr. Justice Jackson took no
part in the consideration and decision of this application.
No. 352. General Motors Corporation et al., petitioners, v. The
United States of America. The motion to withhold the order denying
petition for writ of certiorari is granted. Mr. Justice Jackson took
no part in the consideration and decision of this application.
No. 305. Louis Harrison, petitioner, v. The United States of Amer-
ica. On petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit
Court of Appeals for the Third Circuit;

MONDAY, OCTOBER 20, 1941
47
No. 562. E. D. Martindale, petitioner, v. Los Angeles County
Flood Control District. On petition for writ of certiorari to the
District Court of Appeal, 2nd Appellate District, State of California;
No. 570. Clifton N. Fain, petitioner, v. The United States of
America. On petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Circuit Court of Appeals for the Eighth Circuit;
No. 574. E. C. Samples, petitioner, v. The United States of Amer-
ica. On petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit
Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit;
No. 583. John Francis Kicak, petitioner, v. Alfred Hauber, Exec-
utor, etc. On petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of
the State of Ohio; and
No. 593. Edmond C. Fletcher, petitioner, v. John P. McMahon,
Karl Kindleberger, and Thomas M. Rives. On petition for writ of
certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the District of
Columbia. The motions for leave to proceed further herein in forma
pauperis are denied for the reason that the Court, upon examination
of the papers herein submitted, finds no ground upon which writs
of certiorari should be issued. The petitions for writs of certiorari
are therefore also denied.
No. 332. The Williams Manufacturing Company, petitioner, v.
United Shoe Machinery Corporation. Petition for writ of cer-
tiorari to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Sixth
Circuit granted.
No. 581. Adolph B. Spreckels, petitioner, v. Commissioner of
Internal Revenue; and
No. 582. Adolph B. Spreckels, petitioner, v. Commissiner of In-
ternal Revenue. Petition for writs of certiorari to the United States
Circuit Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit granted.
No. 588. National Labor Relations Board, petitioner, v. Electric
Vacuum Cleaner Company, Inc., et al. Petition for writ of certiorari
to the United States Circuit of Appeals for the Sixth Circuit granted.
No. 142. Columbia River Packers Association, Inc., petitioner, v.
H. B. Hinton et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United
States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit granted and
the case is assigned for argument immediately following No. 124.
No. 523. Louis Weber, petitioner, v. The United States of Amer-
ica. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit
Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit granted. Mr. Justice Jackson
took no part in the consideration and decision of this application.
No. 303. C. M. Lane Lifeboat Company, Inc., et al., petitioners, v.
The United States of America. On petition for writ of certiorari
to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Second Cir-
cuit. Dismissed for failure to comply with the rules.

MONDAY, OCTOBER 20, 1941
48
No. 121. S. Mayner Wallace, petitioner, v. Johnanna F. Fiske et al.;
and
No. 122. S. Mayner Wallace, petitioner, v. Johnanna F. Fiske et al.
On petition for writs of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court
of Appeals for the Eighth Circuit. In No. 122, the petition for writ
of certiorari to review the judgment entered November 16, 1940, re-
hearing denied November 27, 1940, is denied on the ground that it
was not filed within the time provided by law. 28 U. S. C., sec. 350.
In No. 121, the motion for leave to dispense with the filing and
printing of unnecessary portions of the record is denied for the
reason that the Court, upon examination of the papers submitted,
finds no ground upon which a writ of certiorari should be issued.
The petition for writ of certiorari is therefore also denied.
No. 160. Springfield, Ohio, Local No. 352, of the International
Alliance of Theatrical Stage Employees, et al., petitioners, v. William
Settos, Lessee, etc. On petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme
Court of the State of Ohio. It does not appear from the record that
the federal question presented by the petition was necessarily decided
by the court below. The petition for writ of certiorari is denied.
Lynch v. New York ex rel. Pierson, 293 U. S. 52; Honeyman v. Hanan,
300 U. S. 14, 18.
No. 524. Harry Stein, Trading as Jean Chemical Company, et al.,
petitioners, v. The United States of America. Petition for writ
of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the
Third Circuit denied. Mr. Justice Jackson took no part in the con-
sideration and decision of this application.
No. 548. Ralph W. Crews, petitioner, v. Commissioner of Internal
Revenue;
No. 549. Robert E. Crews, petitioner, v. Commissioner of Internal
Revenue;
No. 550. Amy Tresner, petitioner, v. Commissioner of Internal
Revenue;
No. 551. Charles Crews, petitioner, v. Commissioner of Internal
Revenue;
No. 552. Everett J. Crews, petitioner, v. Commissioner of Internal
Revenue; and
No. 553. Marry Willis, petitioner, v. Commissioner of Internal
Revenue. Petition for writs of certiorari to the United States Cir-
cuit Court of Appeals for the Tenth Circuit denied. Mr. Justice
Jackson took no part in the consideration and decision of this
application.
No. 555. C. R. Kirk & Company, petitioner, v. The United States.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Claims, denied. Mr.

MONDAY, OCTOBER 20, 1941
49
Justice Jackson took no part in the consideration and decision of
this application.
No. 543. Andrew Grant Ilseng, Jr., petitioner, v. The United
States of America;
No. 544. Andrew G. Ilseng, petitioner, v. The United States of
America; and
No. 545. Leslie A. McKercher, petitioner, v. The United States of
America. Petition for writs of certiorari to the United States Cir-
cuit Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit denied. Mr. Justice
Douglas and Mr. Justice Jackson took no part in the consideration
and decision of this application.
No. 585. J. Edward Jones, petitioner. v. Joseph P. Kennedy et al.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the District of Columbia denied. Mr. Justice Reed, Mr. Justice
Douglas, and Mr. Justice Jackson took no part in the consideration
and decision of this application.
No. 559. L. R. Powell and Henry W. Anderson, Receivers. etc., et
al., petitioners, v. John Grant Laughter. The motion to substitute
is granted and A. B. Laughter, administrator of the estate of John
Grant Laughter, deceased, is substituted as the party respondent
herein. The petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of
the State of North Carolina is denied.
No. 356. H. S. Oliver, petitioner, v. The United States of Amer-
ica; and
No. 357. C. P. Sellers, petitioner, v. The United States of Amer-
ica. Petition for writs of certiorari to the United States Circuit
Court of Appeals for the Tenth Circuit denied.
No. 504. John C. Getz et al., petitioners, v. Town of Belleair, a
Municipal Corporation; and
No. 609. Town of Belleair, a Municipal Corporation, petitioner, v.
John C. Getz et al. Petitions for writs of certiorari to the United
States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 557. Hancock Oil Company, petitioner, v. Universal Oil Prod-
ucts Company. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Circuit Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit denied.
No. 563. A. C. Carstens et al., petitioners, v. Public Utility Dis-
trict No. 1 of Lincoln County et al., etc. Petition for writ of certi-
orari to the Supreme Court of the State of Washington denied.
No. 571. W. F. Coen, petitioner, v. American Surety Company of
New York. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Circuit Court of Appeals for the Eighth Circuit denied.
No. 572. The Creek Nation, petitioner, v. The United States. Pe-
tition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Claims denied.

MONDAY, OCTOBER 20, 1941
50
No. 575. Seymour S. Sharp, Superintendent, etc., et al., petitioners,
v. The Mitchell Irrigation District. Petition for writ of certiorari
to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Tenth Circuit
denied.
No. 576. Finsterwald Furniture Company, petitioner, v. Finster-
wald Clothing Company. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Sixth Circuit denied.
No. 577. Florence H. Ehrman et al., petitioners, v. Commissioner
of Internal Revenue. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United
States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit denied.
No. 578. Ben May, petitioner, v. The Midwest Refining Company
et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit
Court of Appeals for the First Circuit denied.
No. 579. Dionysia E. Tserioni et al., petitioners, v. The United
States. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Claims denied.
No. 580. Ford Motor Company, petitioner, v. Federal Trade Com-
mission. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit
Court of Appeals for the Sixth Circuit denied.
No. 587. J. F. Reich, doing business as Automotive Products Co.,
petitioner, v. Champion Spark Plug Company. Petition for writ of
certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the
Eighth Circuit denied.
No. 590. Standard Oil Co. of New Jersey, petitioner, v. The
United States. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Court of Customs and Patent Appeals denied.
No. 592. A. A. Sprague, Receiver, etc., petitioner, v. J. Albert
Woll, United States Attorney, etc. Petition for writ of certiorari to
the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Seventh Circuit
denied.
No. 32, October Term, 1940. Fidelity Union Trust Company et al.,
petitioners, v. Ethel Adelaide Field. Petition for rehearing denied.
The Court will take a recess from Monday, October 27, until
Monday, November 10, next.
No., original. Ex parte G. H. Burnham, petitioner. Motion for
leave to file petition for writ of mandamus presented.
No. 19. Phoenix Finance Corporation, petitioner, v. Iowa-Wis-
consin Bridge Company. Reargument concluded by Mr. Fred A.
Ontjes for the respondent.

MONDAY, OCTOBER 20, 1941
51
No. 20. The Baltimore and Ohio Railroad Company, petitioner, v.
Frederick S. Kepner. Reargued by Mr. Harry H. Bryer and Mr.
Morison R. Waite for petitioner and by Mr. Samuel T. Gaines for
the respondent.
No. 24. Southern Railway Company, petitioner, v. Ethel Painter,
Administratrix, etc. Argument commenced by Mr. Sidney S. Alder-
man for the petitioner and continued by Mr. Roberts P. Elam for the
respondent.
Adjourned until tomorrow at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Tuesday, October 21, will be as follows: Nos. 24,
17, 18, 21, 6, 37, 23, 22, 40 (and 41), and 29.

TUESDAY, OCTOBER 21, 1941
52
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: The Chief Justice, Mr. Justice Roberts, Mr. Justice
Black, Mr. Justice Reed, Mr. Justice Frankfurter, Mr. Justice
Douglas, Mr. Justice Murphy, Mr. Justice Byrnes, and Mr. Justice
Jackson.
Hazel M. Costello, of Denver, Colo.; H. C. Harper, of Sioux City,
Iowa; Bruce M. Forrester, of Kansas City, Mo.; and George S.
Wilson, of Indianapolis, Ind., were admitted to practice.
No. 668. Robert B. Fennell, petitioner, v. Jules S. Bache et al.
Time within which to file brief opposing the petition for writ of
certiorari extended to and including November 20 next, on motion
of Mr. Frank J. O'Conner for the respondent.
No. 510. C. H. Cochran, petitioner, v. The State of Kansas and
Milton F. Amrine, Warden, etc. It is ordered that H. Thomas
Austern, Esq., of Washington, D. C., a member of the bar of this
Court, be appointed to serve as counsel for the petitioner in this case.
No. 24. Southern Railway Company, petitioner, v. Ethel Painter,
Administratrix, etc. Argument concluded by Mr. Roberts P. Elam
for the respondent.
No. 17. Fred F. Edwards, appellant, v. The People of the State of
California. Reargument commenced by Mr. Samuel Slaff for the ap-
pellant; continued by Mr. John H. Tolan for the Select Committee
of the House of Representatives of the United States, appointed
pursuant to House Resolution No. 63, April 22, 1940, to investigate
Interstate Migration of Destitute Citizens, as amicus curiae, by
special leave of Court; and concluded by Mr. W. T. Sweigert for the
appellee.
No. 18. H. A. Gray, as Director of the Bituminous Coal Division
of the Department of the Interior et al., petitioner, v. Legh R.
Powell, Jr., et al. Reargument commenced by Mr. Robert L. Stern.
for the petitioners.
Adjourned until tomorrow at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Wednesday, October 22, will be as follows: Nos.
18, 21, 6, 37, 76, 602, 603, 23, 22, and 40 (and 41).
Х
420417-41- -12

WEDNESDAY, OCTOBER 22, 1941
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
53
Present: The Chief Justice, Mr. Justice Roberts, Mr. Justice Black,
Mr. Justice Reed, Mr. Justice Frankfurter, Mr. Justice Douglas, Mr.
Justice Murphy, Mr. Justice Byrnes, and Mr. Justice Jackson.
Marie Cole Berger, of Chicago, Ill.; Paul F. Mickey, of Winston-
Salem, N. C.; Frank J. Mahoney, of San Francisco, Calif.; Stanley
C. Moulton, of Elizabeth, N. J.; and Peter J. Gaylor, of Union, N. J.,
were admitted to practice.
No. 639. Austin Corcoran, petitioner, v. Montgomery Ward &
Company, Inc. Time within which to file brief opposing petition
for writ of certiorari extended to and including November 17, next,
on motion of counsel for the respondent.
No. 585. J. Edward Jones, petitioner, v. Joseph P. Kennedy et al.
Order denying petition for writ of certiorari withheld on motion of
Mr. James J. Laughlin for the petitioner.
No. 18. H. A. Gray, as Director of the Bituminous Coal Division
of the Department of the Interior, et al., petitioners, v. Legh R.
Powell, Jr., et al. Reargument continued by Mr. Robert L. Stern
for the petitioners and concluded by Mr. W. R. C. Cocke for the
respondents.
No. 21. George C. Reitz, appellant, v. Carroll E. Mealey, as Com-
missioner of Motor Vehicles of the State of New York. Reargued
by Mr. Harry A. Allan for the appellant and by Mr. Jack Goodman
for the appellee.
No. 6. The Automatic Devices Corporation, petitioner, v. Sinko
Tool & Manufacturing Company. Argued by Mr. Drury W. Cooper
for the petitioner and by Mr. Russell Wiles and Mr. Bernard A.
Schroeder for the respondent.
No. 37. The Cuno Engineering Corporation, petitioner, v. The
Automatic Devices Corporation. Argument commenced by Mr.
Robert Starr Allyn for the petitioner.
Adjourned until tomorrow at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Thursday, October 23, will be as follows: Nos. 37,
76, 602, 603, 23, 40 (and 41), 30 (31 and 32), and 33.
Х
420417-41- -13

54
THURSDAY, OCTOBER 23, 1941
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: The Chief Justice, Mr. Justice Roberts, Mr. Justice
Black, Mr. Justice Reed, Mr. Justice Frankfurter, Mr. Justice
Douglas, Mr. Justice Murphy, Mr. Justice Byrnes, and Mr. Justice
Jackson.
Joseph R. Roach, of Chicago, Ill.; Louis Young, of New York
City; Anthony John Albert, of Santa Fe, N. Mex.; Bernard A.
Grossman, of New York City; Carolyn Royall Just, of Chicago, Ill.;
Robert E. Haythorne, of Chicago, Ill.; and Solomon W. Patek, of
Ironwood, Mich., were admitted to practice.
No. 37. The Cuno Engineering Corporation, petitioner, v. The Au-
tomatic Devices Corporation. Argument continued by Mr. Robert
Starr Allyn for the petitioner; by Mr. Drury W. Cooper for the
respondent; and concluded by Mr. Carlton Hill for the petitioner.
No. 76. The Federal Land Bank of Saint Paul, petitioner, v. Bis-
marck Lumber Company et al. Argued by Mr. Warner W. Gardner
for the petitioner and by Mr. P. O. Sathre for the respondents.
No. 602. State of Alabama, petitioner, v. King and Boozer, a part-
nership, etc., et al. Argument commenced by Mr. Thomas S. Lawson
for the petitioner and continued by Mr. Acting Solicitor General
Fahy for the respondents.
Adjourned until tomorrow at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Friday, October 24, will be as follows: Nos. 602,
603, 23, 40 (and 41), and 33.
420417-41- —14
☑

FRIDAY, OCTOBER 24, 1941
55
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: The Chief Justice, Mr. Justice Roberts, Mr. Justice Black,
Mr. Justice Reed, Mr. Justice Frankfurter, Mr. Justice Douglas, Mr.
Justice Murphy, Mr. Justice Byrnes, and Mr. Justice Jackson.
Cecil B. Hamilton, of Washington, D. C.; Frank L. Blackman, of
Jackson, Mich.; Michael A. Dwyer, of Ridgewood, N. J.; Leigh
Athearn, of San Francisco, Calif.; Henry W. Allen, of Phoenix, Ariz.;
Joseph F. Sharp, of New York City; Michael H. Cardozo IV, of New
York City; and Fred A. Stiner, of San Diego, Calif., were admitted
to practice.
No. 602. State of Alabama, petitioner, v. King and Boozer, a part-
nership, etc., et al. Argument continued by Mr. Acting Solicitor
General Fahy for the respondents and concluded by Mr. John W.
Lapsley for the petitioner.
No. 603. John C. Curry, Individually, etc., petitioner, v. The
United States of America et al. Argument commenced by Mr. John
W. Lapsley for the petitioner, continued by Mr. Acting Solicitor
General Fahy for the respondents, and concluded by Mr. Thomas S.
Lawson for the petitioner.
No. 40. Chrysler Corporation et al., appellants, v. The United
States of America. Argued by Mr. Nicholas Kelley for the appellants
and by Mr. Assistant Attorney General Arnold for the appellees.
No. 41. Commercial Credit Company et al., appellants, v. The
United States of America. Submitted by Mr. Duane R. Dills and
Mr. W. Russell Mules for the appellants and by Mr. Acting Solicitor
General Fahy, Mr. Assistant Attorney General Arnold, and Mr.
Charles H. Weston for the appellee.
Adjourned until Monday, October 27 next, at 12 o'clock.
420417-41-15
✓

MONDAY, OCTOBER 27, 1941
56
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: The Chief Justice, Mr. Justice Roberts, Mr. Justice Black,
Mr. Justice Reed, Mr. Justice Frankfurter, Mr. Justice Douglas, Mr.
Justice Murphy, Mr. Justice Byrnes, and Mr. Justice Jackson.
Martin Norr, of New York City; R. Carter Tucker, of Kansas City,
Mo.; Walter W. Land, of New York City; Samuel Backer, of Atlan-
tic City, N. J.; Lawrence A. Cowen, of San Rafael, Calif.; Victor R.
Hansen, of Los Angeles, Calif.; John V. Lewis, of San Francisco,
Calif.; Clyde C. Sherwood, of San Francisco, Calif.; John N. Hughes,
Jr., of Des Moines, Iowa; Worthington Campbell, of Short Hills,
N. J.; Eugene Xavier Murphy, of Washington, D. C.; Ambler H.
Moss, of Baltimore, Md.; Ralph H. Ferrell, of Miami, Fla.; and
Ralph H. Ferrell, Jr., of Richmond, Va., were admitted to practice.
The Chief Justice announced the following order of the Court:
No., original. State of Louisiana, plaintiff, v. Claude Cum-
mins et al. On motion for leave to file complaint. Per curiam:
The motion to strike Abraham L. Shushan, the citizen of Louisiana,
as a party defendant is granted. The petition for rehearing is
granted. Leave to file the complaint is denied. Massachusetts v.
Missouri, 308 U. S. 1, 19-20.
The Chief Justice said:
"The other orders of the Court appear upon the list certified by
the Chief Justice and filed with the Clerk and will not be announced
orally."
ORDER
It is ordered by this Court that Hugh D. McLellan, of Boston,
Massachusetts, be, and he hereby is, appointed a member of the
Advisory Committee appointed February 3, 1941, to assist the Court
in the preparation of rules of pleading, practice, and procedure
with respect to proceedings prior to and including verdict, or finding
of guilty or not guilty, in criminal cases in district courts of the
United States, in place of Newman F. Baker, deceased.
No. Ex parte Robert Wright, petitioner. Application denied.
-
420417-41-16

MONDAY, OCTOBER 27, 1941
57
No., original. Ex parte J. L. Stewart. The motion for leave
to file petition for writ of mandamus is denied.
No. -, original. Ex parte G. H. Burnham, petitioner. A rule is
ordered to issue, returnable November 10, next, requiring the re-
spondent to show cause why leave to file the petition for writ of
mandamus should not be granted.
No. 287. Kenneth M. Keefe et al., petitioners, v. Bloomfield Village
Drain District, etc., et al.;
No. 288. Kenneth M. Keefe et al., petitioners, v. Bloomfield Vil-
lage Drain District, etc., et al.;
No. 289. Kenneth M. Keefe et al., petitioners, v. Martin Drain
and Branches Drain District et al.;
No. 290. Kenneth M. Keefe et al., petitioners, v. Center Line Re-
liéf Drain District et al.; and
No. 291. Kenneth M. Keefe et al., petitioners, v. Nine-Mile Half-
way Drain District et al. The motions to extend time within which
to file petitions for rehearing are denied.
No. 584. Haywood Pope, petitioner, v. Edward M. Curran and
Charles E. Stewart. On petition for writ of certiorari to the United
States Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia;
No. 598. Thomas R. Cox, petitioner, v. Joseph H. Wilson, as
Warden, etc. On petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Circuit Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit ;
No. 618. Julian W. Fretwell, petitioner, v. Peoples Service Drug
Stores, Inc. On petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Circuit Court of Appeals for the Fourth Circuit; and
No. 620. James M. Wright, petitioner, v. The Union Central Life
Insurance Company. On petition for writ of certiorari to the United
States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Seventh Circuit. The
motions for leave to proceed further herein in forma pauperis are
denied for the reason that the Court, upon examination of the papers
herein submitted, finds no ground upon which writs of certiorari
should be issued. The petitions for writs of certiorari are therefore
also denied.
No. 600. Guy T. Helvering, Commissioner of Internal Revenue,
petitioner, v. Safe Deposit and Trust Company of Baltimore, Trus-
tee, etc., et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Circuit Court of Appeals for the Fourth Circuit granted.
No. 601. M. Hampton Magruder, Collector of Internal Revenue,
petitioner, v. Washington, Baltimore and Annapolis Realty Corpora-
tion. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit
Court of Appeals for the Fourth Circuit granted.
No. 604. Mark Graves et al., as Commissioners constituting the
State Tax Commission of the State of New York, petitioners, v.

MONDAY, OCTOBER 27, 1941
58
Carl J. Schmidlapp et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
Surrogates Court of the County of New York, State of New York,
granted.
No. 622. Philip B. Fleming, Administrator, etc., petitioner, v.
A. H. Belo Corporation. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United
States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit granted.
No. 605. Wallace Groves, petitioner, v. The United States of Amer-
ica. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit
Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit denied. Mr. Justice Reed,
Mr. Justice Douglas, and Mr. Justice Jackson took no part in the
consideration and decision of this application.
No. 624. Marrs McLean, petitioner, v. Commissioner of Internal
Revenue. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Cir-
cuit Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit denied. Mr. Justice
Jackson took no part in the consideration and decision of this ap-
plication.
No. 612. The Terminal and Shaker Heights Realty Company, pe-
titioner, v. The Van Sweringen Company;
No. 613. The Terminal and Shaker Heights Realty Company, pe-
titioner, v. Van Sweringen Corporation, Debtor, et al.; and
No. 614. The Terminal and Shaker Heights Realty Company, pe-
titioner, v. The Cleveland Terminal Building Company. Petitions
for writs of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals
for the Sixth Circuit denied. Mr. Justice Reed and Mr. Justice
Douglas took no part in the consideration and decision of these
applications.
No. 606. Carroll O. Still, petitioner, v. The United States of Amer-
ica. The motion to proceed on the typewritten record is granted.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court
of Appeals for the Fourth Circuit denied.
No. 623. Charles Peyton West and Maurice John West, petition-
ers, v. American Telephone and Telegraph Company. The motion
to use the certified record in Nos. 44 and 45, October Term, 1940, and
to dispense with the printing thereof, is granted. The petition
for writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals
for the Sixth Circuit is denied.
No. 38. William S. Lovell and Douglas Gordon Lovell, petition-
ers, v. Dulac Cypress Company, Ltd., et al.; and
No. 82. Dulac Cypress Company, Ltd., et al., petitioners, v. Wil-
liam S. Lovell and Douglas Gordon Lovell. Petitions for writs
of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the
Fifth Circuit denied.

MONDAY, OCTOBER 27, 1941
59
No. 594. Takoma Park Bank, Inc., petitioner, v. Leroy Abbott.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals of the State
of Maryland denied.
No. 597. Collin & Gissel (Ludwig Baer), petitioner, v. The United
States of America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United
States Court of Customs and Patent Appeals denied.
No. 599. Clayton Lofland, petitioner, v. Clarence H. Fox, Re-
ceiver, etc. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of
the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania denied.
No. 307. Elizabeth Morgan, petitioner, v. Milton C. Potter, Super-
intendent, etc. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court
of the State of Wisconsin denied.
No. 608. Milton H. Friend et al., as Trustees, etc., petitioners, v.
Commissioner of Internal Revenue. Petition for writ of certiorari
to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Seventh Cir-
cuit denied.
No. 615. Charles W. Gammons et al., petitioners, v. Thomas B.
Hassett, Collector of Internal Revenue for the District of Massa-
chusetts. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit
Court of Appeals for the First Circuit denied.
No. 616. Justus S. Wardell, Receiver District National Bank of
Washington, petitioner, v. District of Columbia. Petition for writ
of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the District
of Columbia denied.
No. 617. Vernon J. Brown et al., petitioners, v. J. B. Simpson, Inc.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of the State of
Michigan denied.
No. 625. North Miami, Florida, petitioner, v. W. J. Meredith et al.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court
of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 627. Warehousemen's Union, Local 117, International Brother-
hood of Teamsters, Chauffeurs, Stablemen and Helpers of America,
etc., petitioner, v. National Labor Relations Board; and
No. 628. McKesson & Robbins, Inc., et al., petitioners, v. National
Labor Relations Board. Petitions for writs of certiorari to the
United States Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia denied.
No. 212. Fred Barnett and Edna M. Barnett, petitioners, v. Re-
construction Finance Corporation;
No. 296. William Hugh Engels, petitioner, v. M. F. Amrine,
Warden, etc.; and
No. 507. Harry Pyle, petitioner, v. The State of Kansas et al.
Petitions for rehearing denied.

MONDAY, OCTOBER 27, 1941
60
No. 518. John F. Moran, Receiver of the Prudential Bank, peti-
tioner, v. James A. Cobb. On petition for writ of certiorari to the
United States Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia. Dis-
missed per stipulation of counsel.
Adjourned until Monday, November 10, next, at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Monday, November 10, will be as follows: Nos.
33, 34, 29, 22, 23, 25 (and 26), 28, 30 (31 and 32), 35, and 36.
☑

MONDAY, NOVEMBER 10, 1941
61
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: The Chief Justice, Mr. Justice Roberts, Mr. Justice Black,
Mr. Justice Reed, Mr. Justice. Frankfurter, Mr. Justice Douglas, Mr.
Justice Murphy, Mr. Justice Byrnes, and Mr. Justice Jackson.
Robt. R. Mullen, Jr., of Alice, Tex.; Joseph P. O'Hara, of Glencoe,
Minn.; Joseph A. Struett, of Chicago, Ill.; Henry T. McGown, of
Fort Worth, Tex.; Rudolph L. Miller, of Emmetsburg, Iowa; Percy
C. Fewell, of Dallas, Tex.; Tom D. Lumpkin, of Amarillo, Tex.; John
T. Plunket, of Dallas, Tex.; Paul Peek, of Sacramento, Calif.; David
James Kadyk, of Chicago, Ill.; George W. Hunt, of Peoria, Ill.;
Delta Ira Jarrett, of Chicago, Ill.; George Z. Barnes, of Peoria, Ill.;
Nubar Wright, of Lovelock, Nev.; Brainerd W. LaTourette, of St.
Louis, Mo.; Malcolm K. Buckley, of Buffalo, N. Y.; Conrad Christel,
of Buffalo, N. Y.; Howard White, of Peoria, Ill.; Neil S. McCarthy, of
Los Angeles, Calif.; Rutledge Slattery, of Philadelphia, Pa.; Paul G.
Parsons, of Birmingham, Ala.; David T. Searls, of Houston, Tex.;
Frank P. Slattery, of Wilkes-Barre, Pa.; and Richard P. MacNulty, of
San Diego, Calif., were admitted to practice.
No. 76. The Federal Land Bank of Saint Paul, petitioner, v. Bis-
marck Lumber Company and John Gray, as Tax Commissioner of the
State of North Dakota. On writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court
of the State of North Dakota. Judgment reversed with costs and
cause remanded to the said Supreme Court for further proceedings
not inconsistent with the opinion of this Court. Opinion by Mr.
Justice Murphy. Mr. Justice Jackson took no part in the considera-
tion or decision of this case.
No. 37. The Cuno Engineering Corporation, petitioner, v. The Au-
tomatic Devices Corporation. On writ of certiorari to the United
States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit. Judgment
reversed with costs and cause remanded to the District Court of the
United States for the District of Connecticut for further proceedings
in conformity with the opinion of this Court. Opinion by Mr. Jus-
tice Douglas. Mr. Justice Frankfurter concurs in the result. Con-
curring opinion by the Chief Justice in which Mr. Justice Frankfurter
joins.
420417-41-17

MONDAY, NOVEMBER 10, 1941
62
No. 6. The Automatic Devices Corporation, petitioner, v. Sinko
Tool & Manufacturing Company. On writ of certiorari to the
United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Seventh Circuit.
Judgment affirmed with costs and cause remanded to the District
Court of the United States for the Northern District of Illinois.
Opinion by Mr. Justice Douglas.
No. 10. City of Indianapolis et al., petitioners, v. The Chase Na-
tional Bank of the City of New York, Trustee, etc., et al.;
No. 11. City of Indianapolis et al., petitioners, v. The Chase Na-
tional Bank of the City of New York, Trustee, etc., et al.;
No. 12. The Chase National Bank of the City of New York, Trus-
tee, etc., petitioner, v. Citizens Gas Company of Indianapolis et al.;
and
No. 13. The Chase National Bank of the City of New York, Trus-
tee, etc., petitioner, v. The Indianapolis Gas Company et al. On
writs of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for
the Seventh Circuit. Judgments reversed and cases remanded to the
District Court of the United States for the Southern District of
Indiana for further proceedings in conformity with the opinion of
this Court. Opinion by Mr. Justice Frankfurter. Dissenting opin-
ion by Mr. Justice Jackson in which the Chief Justice, Mr. Justice
Roberts, and Mr. Justice Reed join.
No. 20. The Baltimore and Ohio Railroad Company, petitioner, v.
Frederick S. Kepner. On writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court
of the State of Ohio. Judgment affirmed with costs. Opinion by
Mr. Justice Reed. Dissenting opinion by Mr. Justice Frankfurter
in which the Chief Justice and Mr. Justice Roberts join.
No. 2. Martin J. Bernards and Lena Bernards, petitioners, v. M. R.
Johnson, Catherine Collins, et al. On writ of certiorari to the
United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit. Judg-
ment affirmed and cause remanded to the District Court of the
United States for the District of Oregon. Opinion by Mr. Justice
Roberts.
No. 21. George C. Reitz, appellant, v. Carroll E. Mealey, as Com-
missioner of Motor Vehicles of The State of New York. Appeal
from the District Court of the United States for the Northern Dis-
trict of New York. Judgment affirmed with costs. Opinion by Mr.
Justice Roberts. Dissenting opinion by Mr. Justice Douglas in
which Mr. Justice Black, Mr. Justice Byrnes, and Mr. Justice Jack-
son join.
No. 602. State of Alabama, petitioner, v. King and Boozer, a part-
nership composed of Tom Cobb King and Simon Elbert Boozer,
and United States of America. On writ of certiorari to the Supreme

MONDAY, NOVEMBER 10, 1941
63
Court of the State of Alabama. Judgment reversed and cause re-
manded to the said Supreme Court for further proceedings not in-
consistent with the opinion of this Court. Opinion by Mr. Chief
Justice Stone. Mr. Justice Jackson took no part in the considera-
tion or decision of this case.
No. 603. John C. Curry, Individually and as Commissioner of
Revenue of the State of Alabama, petitioner, v. The United States
of America, Dunn Construction Company, Inc., et al. On writ of
certiorari to the Supreme Court of the State of Alabama. Judgment
reversed and cause remanded to the said Supreme Court for further
proceedings not inconsistent with the opinion of this Court. Opin-
ion by Mr. Chief Justice Stone. Mr. Justice Jackson took no part
in the consideration or decision of this case.
The Chief Justice announced the following orders of the Court:
No. 244. Ready Truck Lines, Inc., appellant, v. The United States
of America and Interstate Commerce Commission. Appeal from the
District Court of the United States for the Northern District of
Illinois. Per curiam: The motion to affirm is granted and the judg-
ment is affirmed. Sec. 209 (a) of Part II of the Interstate Commerce
Act, 49 U. S. C., Sec. 309 (a); United States v. Maher, 307 U. S.
148, 153-4. Mr. Justice Jackson took no part in the consideration
and decision of this case.
No. 701. May F. Miller, appellant, v. Wisconsin Department of
Taxation. Appeal from the Supreme Court of the State of Wis-
consin. Per curiam: The motion to dismiss is granted and the appeal
is dismissed for want of a substantial Federal question.
The Chief Justice said:
"The other orders of the Court appear upon the list certified by
the Chief Justice and filed with the Clerk and will not be announced
orally."
No.
No.
,
No.
original. Ex parte George C. Yaunt, petitioner;
original, Ex parte C. C. Crebs, petitioner;
original. Ex parte Hilliard Sanders, petitioner. The
motions for leave to file petitions for writs of habeas corpus are
denied.
-
No. . Paysoff Tinkoff, petitioner, v. Commissioner of Internal
Revenue; and
-
No. People ex rel. Paysoff Tinkoff, petitioner, v. Hon. G. W.
Bristow, Judge, etc. The motions to vacate orders denying applica-
tions for extension of time within which to file petitions for writs

MONDAY, NOVEMBER 10, 1941
64
of certiorari are denied. Mr. Justice Jackson took no part in the
consideration and decision of these applications.
No. 154. Exhibit Supply Company, petitioner, v. Ace Patents
Corporation;
No. 155. Genco, Inc., petitioner, v. Ace Patents Corporation; and
No. 156. Chicago Coin Machine Company, petitioner, v. Ace Pat-
ents Corporation. The petition for rehearing is granted. The orders
denying certiorari are vacated and the petition for writs of certiorari
to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Seventh Circuit
is granted.
No. 665. Harriett V. Pence, petitioner, v. The United States of
America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit
Court of Appeals for the Seventh Circuit granted. The motion to
proceed in forma pauperis is also granted.
No. 315. The United States of America, on the relation of Thomas
Henry Robinson, Jr., petitioner, v. James A. Johnston, Warden, etc.
On petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court
of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit; and
No. 695. John F. Clark, petitioner, v. Lester P. Barlow et al. On
petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the District of Columbia. The motions for leave to proceed
further herein in forma pauperis are denied for the reason that the
Court, upon examination of the papers herein submitted, finds no
ground upon which writs of certiorari should be issued. The petitions
for writs of certiorari are therefore also denied. Mr. Justice Jack-
son took no part in the consideration and decision of these appli-
cations.
No. 684. Leslie M. McGoldrick, petitioner, v. The Equitable Life
Assurance Society of the United States. On petition for writ of
certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the
Ninth Circuit. The motion to consider certain orders of the District
Court as a part of the record is granted. The motion for leave to
proceed further herein in forma pauperis is denied for the reason
that the Court, upon examination of the papers herein submitted,
finds no ground upon which a writ of certiorari should be issued.
The petition for writ of certiorari is therefore also denied.
No. 621. Harry Knight, petitioner, v. The People of the State of
California. On petition for writ of certiorari to the District Court
of Appeal, 2d Appellate District, State of California;
No. 647. Nehemiah Glover, petitioner, v. The State of Texas. On
petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Criminal Appeals of
the State of Texas;

MONDAY, NOVEMBER 10, 1941
65
No. 650. Fred Hartzell West, petitioner, v. State of Washington.
On petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of the State
of Washington;
No. 611. James A. Lovvorn, petitioner, v. Honorable Martin I.
Welsh, District Judge for the Northern District of California. On
petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court
of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit;
No. 677. Hugh Pierre, petitioner, v. State of Louisiana. On peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of the State of
Louisiana; and
No. 681. Fred Steffler, petitioner, v. James A. Johnston, Warden,
etc. On petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit
Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit. The motions for leave
to proceed further herein in forma paperis are denied for the reason
that the Court, upon examination of the papers herein submitted,
finds no ground upon which writs of certiorari should be issued.
The petition for writs of certiorari are therefore also denied.
No. 272. Mrs. Jesse Miles et al., petitioners, v. Illinois Central
Railroad Company. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of
Appeals of the State of Tennessee granted.
No. 658. United States of America, to the use of Noland Company,
Incorporated, petitioner, v. Alexander D. Irwin et al. Petition for
writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the
District of Columbia granted.
No. 532. Blake Centers, petitioner, v. Joseph W. Sanford, Warden,
etc. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit
Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit granted.
No. 680. U. S. Industrial Chemicals, Inc., petitioner, v. Carbide
and Carbon Chemicals Corporation. Petition for writ of certiorari
to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Fourth Circuit
granted.
No. 648. Pecheur Lozenge Co., Inc., petitioner, v. National Candy
Corporation, Inc. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United
States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Third Circuit granted.
Counsel are requested to present their views as to whether State
law governs and, if so, what the applicable State law is.
No. 649. Mishawaka Rubber and Woolen Manufacturing Com-
pany, petitioner, v. S. S. Kresge Company. Petition for writ of
certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the
Sixth Circuit granted limited to the first and second questions pre-
sented in the petition for certiorari.
No. 636. A. G. Reeves Steel Construction Company, petitioner, v.
Elizabeth Weiss, Executrix, etc. Petition for writ of certiorari to

MONDAY, NOVEMBER 10, 1941
66
the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Sixth Circuit
denied. Mr. Justice Jackson took no part in the consideration and
decision of this application.
No. 662. William (Bill) Flippin, Jack Baugh, and Tude Purkey,
petitioners, v. The United States of America. Petition for writ of
certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the
Eighth Circuit denied. Mr. Justice Jackson took no part in the con-
sideration and decision of this application.
No. 670. William C. Krueger et al., etc., petitioners, v. The United
States of America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United
States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Third Circuit denied. Mr.
Justice Jackson took no part in the consideration and decision of this
application.
No. 641. The Glidden Company et al., petitioners, v. The United
States of America; and
No. 642. The Glidden Company et al., petitioners, v. The United
States of America. Petition for writs of certiorari to the United
States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Sixth Circuit denied. Mr.
Justice Reed and Mr. Justice Jackson took no part in the considera-
tion and decision of this application.
No. 643. Charles Simus, petitioner, v. Frank E. Donoghue, Judge
of the Municipal Court of Chicago. The motion to proceed on the
typewritten record is granted. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
Supreme Court of the State of Illinois denied.
No. 654. Emmett R. Warring, petitioner, v. Ray L. Huff, General
Superintendent, District Penal Institutions; and
No. 655. Emmett R. Warring, petitioner, v. John B. Colpoys,
United States Marshal. The motion for bail is denied. Petition for
writs of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the
District of Columbia denied. Mr. Justice Murphy and Mr. Justice
Jackson took no part in the consideration and decision of these.
applications.
No. 536. Robert W. Halliday, petitioner, v. S. H. Squire, Super-
intendent of Banks of the State of Ohio etc. The motion to proceed
on typewritten copies of the record is granted. Petition for writ of
certiorari to the Supreme Court of the State of Ohio denied.
No. 629. Mrs. David A. Buckley, petitioner, v. J. Yancey Christ-
mas. The motion to dispense with the printing of parts of the record
is granted. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Circuit Court of Appeals for the Fourth Circuit denied.
No. 669. Howard Hardesty, as Receiver of the National Bank of
Fairmont, West Virginia, petitioner v. Fairmont Supply Company.

MONDAY, NOVEMBER 10, 1941
67
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Appeals of the
State of West Virginia denied for the want of a final judgment.
No. 630. Charles C. Hobart, doing business as the Hobart Cabinet
Company, petitioner, v. National Labor Relations Board. Petition
for writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals
for the Sixth Circuit denied.
No. 631. Israel A. Abrams et al., etc., petitioners, v. Henry A.
Scandrett et al., Trustees, etc., et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to
the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Seventh Circuit
denied.
No. 632. Tomlinson I. Moseley et al., petitioners, v. United States
Appliance Corporation. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United
States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit denied.
No. 633. Terminal Railroad Association of St. Louis, a Corpora-
tion, petitioner, v. William A. Staengel. Petition for writ of cer-
tiorari to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Eighth
Circuit denied.
No. 634. George Cotros et al., petitioners, v. Nashville Trust Com-
pany, Executor etc. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United
States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Sixth Circuit denied.
No. 637. Charles D. Rice et al., Trustees, petitioners, v. Abraham
S. Guterman, Trustee in Bankruptcy. Petition for writ of certi-
orari to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the First
Circuit denied.
No. 638. Argus Hosiery Mills, Inc., petitioner, v. Renso Robert-
son. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit
Court of Appeals for the Sixth Circuit denied.
No. 640. Gartland Steamship Company, petitioner, v. Interlake
Iron Corporation. Petition for writ or certiorari to the United
States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Sixth Circuit denied.
No. 651. Town of Davenport et al., petitioners, v. J. W. Hughes
et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of the
State of Florida denied.
No. 652. Ternstedt Manufacturing Company and General Motors
Corporation, petitioners, v. Motor Products Corporation. Petition
for writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals
for the Sixth Circuit denied.
No. 656. Norman Johnson, suing on behalf of himself, etc., peti-
tioner, v. Walter D. Fuller et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to
the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Sixth Circuit
denied.

MONDAY, NOVEMBER 10, 1941
68
No. 659. Moloney Electric Company, petitioner, v. Guy T. Helver-
ing, Commissioner of Internal Revenue; and
No. 660. Moloney Electric Company, petitioner, v. Guy T. Helver-
ing, Commissioner of Internal Revenue. Petition for writs of cer-
tiorari to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Eighth
Circuit denied.
No. 664. Boston and Maine Railroad, petitioner, v. James H. Cun-
ningham. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Superior Court for
the County of Hampden, Commonwealth of Massachusetts, denied.
No. 672. Southgate Nelson Corporation, petitioner, v. Elizabeth
J. Quinn. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Cir-
cuit Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit denied.
No. 674. West Production Company, petitioner, v. Commissioner
of Internal Revenue. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United
States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 675. City Investing Company, petitioner, v. 165 Broadway
Building, Inc., and the City of New York. Petition for writ of
certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the
Second Circuit denied.
No. 671. Farmers and Ginners Cotton Oil Company, petitioner, v.
Guy T. Helvering, Commissioner of Internal Revenue. Petition for
writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the
Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 673. Earle F. Wingren, Trustee, etc., petitioner, v. Minnie C.
Hanssen et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Circuit Court of Appeals for the Tenth Circuit denied.
No. 676. Carbo-Frost, Inc., et al., petitioners, v. Stanley Knight
Corporation et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United
States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Seventh Circuit denied.
No. 682. Daniel W. Hoan, petitioner, v. The Journal Company
et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of the
State of Wisconsin denied.
No. 685. West Virginia Power Company et al., petitioners, v.
The United States of America. Petition for writ of certiorari to
the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Fourth Circuit
denied.
No. 686. B. Kathryn Willis, as Executrix, etc., petitioner, v. The
Pennsylvania Railroad Company. Petition for writ of certiorari to
the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit
denied.
No. 687. United New York Sandy Hook Pilots Association et al.,
petitioners, v. The Norwegian Passenger Motor Ship “Oslofjord"
etc., et al.; and

MONDAY, NOVEMBER 10, 1941
69
No. 688. United New York Sandy Hook Pilots Association et al.,
petitioners, v. Den Norske Amerikalinje A/S, etc. Petition for writs
of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the
Second Circuit denied.
No. 689. Moore-McCormack Lines, Inc., petitioner, v. Muriel W.
Hume. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit
Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit denied.
No. 692. H. S. Richardson, petitioner, v. Commissioner of Internal
Revenue. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit
Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit denied.
No. 698. Lula W. Garland, Trustee, etc., et al., petitioners, v. The
United States of America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Fourth Circuit
denied.
No. 74. Mrs. Louise Harris Moore, petitioner, v. The United
States;
No. 196. H. W. Ferguson, petitioner, v. The United States of
America;
No. 200. Pierre S. DuPont, petitioner, v. Commissioner of Internal
Revenue;
No. 201. John J. Raskob, petitioner, v. Commissioner of Internal
Revenue;
No. 278. The National Life and Accident Insurance Company, pe-
titioner, v. L. P. Brewer, Former Collector of Internal Revenue;
No. 285. S. Elbert Pike, Ernest C. Pike, et al., petitioners, v.
Frank C. Walker (Substituted for James A. Farley) as Postmaster
General of the United States, et al.; and
No. 501. Walter R. Dolloff, petitioner, v. The United States of
America. The petitions for rehearing are denied. Mr. Justice Jack-
son took no part in the consideration and decision of these appli-
cations.
No. 352. General Motors Corporation et al., petitioners, v. The
United States of America. Petition for rehearing denied. The Chief
Justice, Mr. Justice Murphy, and Mr. Justice Jackson took no part
in the consideration and decision of this application.
No., original. Ex parte Edward Casebeer, petitioner;
No. 108. Identification Devices, Inc., by James M. Rulong, peti-
tioner, v. The United States of America;
No. 121. S. Mayner Wallace, petitioner, v. Johnanna F. Fiske et al.;
No. 122. S. Mayner Wallace, petitioner, v. Johnanna F. Fiske et al.;
No. 133. John O. Krouse, petitioner, v. Frank O. Lowden et al.,
Trustee, etc.;
No. 140. Alma F. Birckner, petitioner, v. Robert Tilch et al.;
420417-41-
―18

MONDAY, NOVEMBER 10, 1941
70
70
No. 175. Mary E. Chewning, petitioner, v. The District of Colum-
bia, a municipal corporation, garnishee;
No. 190. E. E. Morgan Company, Inc., appellant, v. State of Ar-
kansas, for use and benefit of Phillips County;
No. 191. Roeser & Pendleton, Inc., petitioner, v. Commissioner of
Internal Revenue;
No. 227. Twin Ports Oil Company, petitioner, v. The Pure Oil
Company;
No. 264. Joseph K. Nielsen, petitioner, v. Judge Everett F. John-
son;
No. 346. Louisiana Delta Cattle Co., Inc., petitioner, v. The United
States;
No. 354. George E. Morton, Trustee, et al., etc., petitioners, v.
Dardanelle Special School District No. 15 of Yell County, Arkansas;
No. 358. Emil Stein, petitioner, v. Preston Delano, Comptroller
of the Currency, et al.;
No. 513. Outboard, Marine & Manufacturing Company, petitioner,
v. Muncie Gear Works, Inc., et al.;
No. 517. The Sirocco Company, petitioner, v. The City of Miami;
and
No. 533. Standard Oil Company of Louisiana, appellant, v. State
of Tennessee, ex rel. George F. McCanless, Commissioner of Finance
and Taxation, et al. Petitions for rehearing denied.
No. -, original. Ex parte State of Texas, petitioner. Return to
rule to show cause presented.
No., original. Ex parte State of Texas, petitioner. Motion of
Lone Star Gas Company for leave to intervene presented.
No. -, original. Ex parte G. H. Burnham et al., petitioners.
Return to rule to show cause presented.
No., original. Ex parte G. H. Burnham et al,, petitioners.
Motion of Irby Dunklin, Special Master, for leave to intervene
presented.
No. 22. Massachusetts Bonding and Insurance Company, peti-
tioner, v. Madeleine Corby Webber and William J. Webber. On
writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of the State of Ohio. Dis-
missed on motion of counsel for the petitioner.
No. 33. The United States of America, petitioner, v. Harry S.
Emory, St. James Distillery, Inc., et al. Argued by Mr. Melvin H.
Siegel for the petitioner. No appearance for respondents.

MONDAY, NOVEMBER 10, 1941
71
No. 34. Textile Mills Securities Corporation, petitioner, v. Com-
missioner of Internal Revenue. Argued by Mr. Edmund S. Koch-
ersperger for the petitioner and by Mr. Arnold Raum for the
respondent.
Adjourned until Wednesday, November 12, at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Wednesday, November 12, will be as follows: Nos.
29, 23, 25 (and 26), 30 (31 and 32), 28, 35, 36, 39, 43, and 46.
Х

WEDNESDAY, NOVEMBER 12, 1941
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
72
Present: The Chief Justice, Mr. Justice Roberts, Mr. Justice Black,
Mr. Justice Reed, Mr. Justice Frankfurter, Mr. Justice Douglas, Mr.
Justice Murphy, Mr. Justice Byrnes, and Mr. Justice Jackson.
Clarence J. Brainerd, of Chesaning, Mich.; Sarah Elizabeth Fay,
of Boston, Mass.; Jeffrey Heimen, of Seattle, Wash.; Geo. B. Sjos-
elius, of Duluth, Minn.; John E. Skilling, of Bethesda, Md.; Fred-
erick Charles Bold, Jr., of San Francisco, Calif.; Laurence A. Masse-
link, of Detroit, Mich.; and George D. Gibson, of Richmond, Va., were
admitted to practice.
No. 29. American Surety Company of New York, petitioner, v. The
Bethlehem National Bank of Bethlehem, Pennsylvania, et al. Argued
by Mr. Rutledge Slattery for the petitioner and by Mr. George P.
Barse for the respondents.
No. 23. The United States of America, as Guardian of the Indians
of the Tribe of Hualpai etc., petitioner, v. Santa Fe Pacific Railroad
Company. Argument commenced by Mr. Nathan R. Margold for the
petitioner and continued by Mr. Joyce Cox for the respondent.
Adjourned until tomorrow at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Thursday, November 13, will be as follows: Nos. 23,
25 (and 26), 30 (31 and 32), 28, 35, 36, 39, 43, 46, and 48.
☑
420417-41--19

THURSDAY, NOVEMBER 13, 1941
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
73
Present: The Chief Justice, Mr. Justice Roberts, Mr. Justice Black,
Mr. Justice Reed, Mr. Justice Frankfurter, Mr. Justice Douglas, Mr.
Justice Murphy, Mr. Justice Byrnes, and Mr. Justice Jackson.
William Blackburn Barton, of Los Angeles, Calif.; Phineas Ind-
ritz, of Chicago, Ill.; and Isidore Lindenbaum, of Los Angeles, Calif.;
were admitted to practice.
No. 23. The United States of America, as Guardian of the Indians
of the Tribe of Hualpai in the State of Arizona, petitioner, v. Santa
Fe Pacific Railroad Company. Argument continued by Mr. Joyce
Cox and Mr. Max Radin for the respondent and concluded by Mr.
Nathan R. Margold for the petitioner.
No. 25. National Labor Relations Board, petitioner, v. Virginia
Electric and Power Company; and
No. 26. National Labor Relations Board, petitioner, v. The Inde-
pendent Organization of Employees of the Virginia Electric and
Power Company. Argued by Mr. Robert B. Watts for the peti-
tioner; by Mr. T. Justin Moore and Mr. George D. Gibson for the
respondent in No. 25%; and by Mr. William Earle White for the
respondent in No. 26.
No. 30. Daniel D. Glasser, petitioner, v. The United States of
America;
No. 31. Norton I. Kretske, petitioner, v. The United States of
America; and
No. 32. Alfred E. Roth, petitioner, v. The United States of
America. Argument commenced by Mr. Homer Cummings for the
petitioner in No. 30.
Adjourned until tomorrow at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Friday, November 14, will be as follows: Nos. 30
(31 and 32), 35, 36, 43, 39, 46, 48, 44, 45, and 51.
420417-41-
☑
-20

FRIDAY, NOVEMBER 14, 1941
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
74
Present: The Chief Justice, Mr. Justice Roberts, Mr. Justice Black,
Mr. Justice Reed, Mr. Justice Frankfurter, Mr. Justice Douglas, Mr.
Justice Murphy, Mr. Justice Byrnes, and Mr. Justice Jackson.
W. Wallace Kirkpatrick, of Washington, W. C.; Woodrow L. Berge,
of Lincoln, Nebr.; Richard K., Decker, of Lincoln, Nebr.; Harry
Levine, of New York City; Henry T. Moore, of Los Angeles, Calif.;
Alfred J. L'Heureux, of New York City; Herbert Morton Ball, of
Scranton, Pa.; and William Heflin Pierce, of Montgomery, Ala., were
admitted to practice.
No. 30. Daniel D. Glasser, petitioner, v. The United States of
America;
No. 31. Norton I. Kretske, petitioner, v. The United States of
America; and
No. 32. Alfred E. Roth, petitioner, v. The United States of Amer-
ica. Argument continued by Mr. Ralph M. Snyder for the petitioner
in No. 30 and concluded by Mr. Edwin D. Dickinson for the respond-
ent in Nos. 30, 31, and 32; and cases submitted by Mr. Edward M.
Keating for the petitioner in No. 31 and by Mr. Alfred E. Roth,
pro se, in No. 32.
No. 35. The United States of America, petitioner, v. Alice Gray
Kales. Argued by Mr. Arnold Raum for the petitioner and by Mr.
Hal H. Smith for the respondent.
No. 36. J. E. Pierce, petitioner, v. The United States of America.
Argument commenced by Mr. L. E. Gwinn for the petitioner.
Adjourned until Monday next at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Monday, November 17, will be as follows: Nos.
36, 58 (and 59), 43, 143, 39, 46, 48, 44, 45, and 51.
✓
420417-41--21

MONDAY, NOVEMBER 17, 1941
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
75
Present: The Chief Justice, Mr. Justice Roberts, Mr. Justice Black,
Mr. Justice Reed, Mr. Justice Frankfurter, Mr. Justice Douglas, Mr.
Justice Murphy, Mr. Justice Byrnes, and Mr. Justice Jackson.
Paul D. Page, Jr., of Houston, Tex.; Abraham L. Kaminstein, of
New York City; Leota Green, of Johnson City, Tenn.; Paul J.
LaCrosse, of Burlington, Vt.; B. E. Godfrey, of Fort Worth, Tex.;
John M. Scott, of Fort Worth, Tex.; Dan E. Lydick, of Fort Worth,
Tex.; Ugene U. Blalock, of Los Angeles, Calif.; Vincent J. Moranz, of
Philadelphia, Pa.; Mark Willcox, Jr., of Philadelphia, Pa.; Maurice
R. Weeks, of Washington, D. C.; and Milton J. Blake, of Denver,
Colo., were admitted to practice.
No. 16. Samuel R. Toucey, petitioner, v. New York Life Insurance
Company. On writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court
of Appeals for the Eighth Circuit; and
No. 19. Phoenix Finance Corporation, petitioner, v. Iowa-Wis-
consin Bridge Company. On writ of certiorari to the United States
Circuit Court of Appeals for the Eighth Circuit. Judgments reversed
with costs and cases remanded to the District Court of the United
States for the Western District of Missouri and to the District Court
of the United States for the Northern District of Iowa, respectively,
for further proceedings in conformity with the opinion of this Court.
Opinion by Mr. Justice Frankfurter; Mr. Justice Douglas took no
part in the consideration or decision of case No. 19. Dissenting
opinion by Mr. Justice Reed in which the Chief Justice and Mr.
Justice Roberts concur.
No. 24. Southern Railway Company, petitioner, v. Ethel Painter,
Administratrix of the Estate of Geoffrey L. Painter, deceased. On
writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals
for the Eighth Circuit. Judgment reversed with costs and cause
remanded to the District Court of the United States for the Eastern
District of Missouri for further proceedings in conformity with the
opinion of this Court. Opinion by Mr. Justice Frankfurter. Con-
curring: The Chief Justice, Mr. Justice Roberts, and Mr. Justice
Reed.
No. 14. Commercial Molasses Corporation, petitioner, v. New York
Tank Barge Corporation, as Chartered owner of the Tank Barge
420417-41-22

MONDAY, NOVEMBER 17, 1941
76
"T. N. No. 73". On writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit
Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit. Judgment affirmed with
costs and cause remanded to the District Court of the United States
for the Southern District of New York. Opinion by Mr. Chief
Justice Stone. Dissenting opinon by Mr. Justice Black in which
Mr. Justice Douglas, Mr. Justice Murphy, and Mr. Justice Byrnes
concur.
The Chief Justice announced the following order of the Court:
No. 710. George D. Templeton, on behalf of George Douglas Tem-
pleton, Jr., appellant, v. State of California. Appeal from the
Supreme Court of the State of California. Per curiam: The motion
to dismiss is granted and the appeal is dismissed because the record
does not show that the federal question presented was necessarily
passed on by the Supreme Court of California. Herndon v. Lowry,
301 U. S. 242, 247; Honeyman v. Hannan, 300 U. S. 14, 18; Lynch
v. New York ex rel. Pierson, 293 U. S. 52.
The Chief Justice said:
"The other orders of the Court appear upon the list certified by the
Chief Justice and filed with the Clerk and will not be announced
orally."
ORDER
The Advisory Committee appointed February 3, 1941, to assist the
Court in the preparation of rules of pleading, practice, and procedure
with respect to proceedings prior to and including verdict, or finding
of guilty or not guilty, in criminal cases in district courts of the
United States, is authorized and directed to make such recommenda-
tions as may be deemed advisable respecting amendments to the rules
promulgated by this Court pursuant to the provisions of the Act of
Congress, approved March 8, 1934, amending an Act entitled "An
Act to give the Supreme Court of the United States authority to
prescribe Rules of Practice and Procedure with respect to proceedings
in criminal cases after verdict" (Act of February 24, 1933, c. 119,
U. S. C., Title 28, Sec. 723 (a)).
No., original. Ex parte Frank Contardi, petitioner;
No., original. Ex parte Glen Wilkerson, petitioner; and
No., original. Ex parte Manuel Manzano, petitioner. The mo-
tions for leave to file petitions for writs of habeas corpus are denied.
No. -, original. Ex parte State of Texas, petitioner. This case is
assigned for argument on December 8th next, on the motion for leave
to file petition for writ of mandamus and the return to the rule to
show cause.

MONDAY, NOVEMBER 17, 1941
77
No., original. Ex parte State of Texas, petitioner. The motion
of Lone Star Gas Company for leave to intervene is granted.
No. 657. John C. Geiger, petitioner, v. The People of the State of
California. On petition for writ of certiorari to the Superior Court,
Los Angeles County, State of California; and
No. 683. John C. Geiger, petitioner, v. The People of the State of
California. On petition for writ of certiorari to the Superior Court,
Appellate Department, State of California. The motions for leave
to proceed further herein in forma pauperis are denied for the reason
that the Court, upon examination of the papers herein submitted,
finds no ground upon which writs of certiorari should be issued. The
petitions for writs of certiorari are therefore also denied.
No. 619. Walter G. Query et al., as Members of and Constituting
the South Carolina Tax Commission, petitioners, v. The United States
of America et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Circuit Court of Appeals for the Fourth Circuit denied.
No. 653. Hotel Markham, Inc., et al., petitioners, v. Edward Ball
et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit
Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 678. George E. Crandall, petitioner, v. Commonwealth of
Pennsylvania; and
No. 679. George E. Crandall, petitioner, v. Commonwealth of
Pennsylvania. Petition for writs of certiorari to the Superior Court
of the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania denied.
No. 690. Paul Patterson et ux., petitioners, v. W. E. Peel. Peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the Court of Civil Appeals, 9th Supreme
Judicial District, State of Texas, denied.
No. 691. The Bright Brooks Lumber Company, petitioner, v.
Henry Weiss, Trustee, etc. Petitioner for writ of certiorari to the
United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Third Circuit denied.
No. 696. Godfrey-Keeler Co., Inc., Debtor, petitioner, v. The
Wickes Boiler Company, Inc. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit denied.
No. 699. Terry Thompson et al., Independent Executors, etc., peti-
tioners, v. Guy T. Helvering, Commissioner of Internal Revenue. Pe-
tition for writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of Ap-
peals for the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 703. The Maytag Company and Maytag Sales Corporation,
petitioners, v. The Apex Electrical Manufacturing Company. Peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of Ap-
peals for the Seventh Circuit denied.
No. 237. William G. Wheat, petitioner, v. Ford Motor Company.
The motion for leave to file petition for rehearing is granted. The
petition for rehearing is denied.

MONDAY, NOVEMBER 17, 1941
78
No. 136. The Badger Oil Company, petitioner, v. Commissioner
of Internal Revenue;
No. 148. Raymond Dugan, petitioner, v. Stanley P. Ashe, Warden,
etc.;
No. 276. Newton H. Brown et al., petitioners, v. The Federal Land
Bank of Louisville, Kentucky; and
No. 345. Maul L. Fenzel, as Trustee, etc., petitioner, v. R. W.
Fensterwald et al. Petitions for rehearing denied.
No. 169. Richard W. Leche, petitioner, v. The United States of
America. The petition for rehearing is denied. Mr. Justice Murphy
and Mr. Justice Jackson took no part in the consideration and deci-
sion of this application.
No. 16. Samuel R. Toucey, petitioner, v. New York Life Insurance
Company. The motion of petitioner relative to New York Life Policy
No. 8,611,895 is denied.
ORDER
The Court will take a recess from Monday, November 24, until
Monday, December 8, next.
No. 667. W. W. McAllister, petitioner, v. Merle Young Woodson,
and her husband W. B. Woodson. On petition for writ of certiorari
to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit.
Dismissed per stipulation of counsel.
No. 36. J. E. Pierce, petitioner, v. The United States of America.
Argument continued by Mr. L. E. Gwinn for the petitioner and con-
cluded by Mr. Assistant Attorney General Berge for the respondent.
No. 58. District of Columbia, petitioner, v. Henry C. Murphy;
and
No. 59. District of Columbia, petitioner, v. Paul M. DeHart. Ar-
gued by Mr. Glenn Simmon for the petitioner and by Mr. Harry R.
Turkel for the respondents.
No. 43. Jim Duckworth, appellant, v. The State of Arkansas. Ar-
gument commenced by Mr. Harold R. Ratcliff for the appellant, and
continued by Mr. Jno. P. Streepey for the appellee.
Adjourned until tomorrow at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Tuesday, November 18, will be as follows: Nos.
43, 143, 39, 46, 48, 44, 45, 51, 54 (55 and 56), and 70.

TUESDAY, NOVEMBER 18, 1941
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
79
Present: The Chief Justice, Mr. Justice Roberts, Mr. Justice Black,
Mr. Justice Reed, Mr. Justice Frankfurter, Mr. Justice Douglas,
Mr. Justice Murphy, Mr. Justice Byrnes, and Mr. Justice Jackson.
Abraham David Caesar, of Philadelphia, Pa.; D. Milton Ladd, of
Washington, D. C.; Harry Mapes Kimball, of Washington, D. C.;
Vincent E. Martino, of Washington, D. C.; Estill E. Ezell, of Saint
Louis, Mo.; Carl Frederick Paul, Jr., of Rochester, N. Y.; Henry H.
Pike, of Washington, D. C.; and Clyde R. Brown, of Monroe, La.,
were admitted to practice.
No. 43. Jim Duckworth, appellant, v. The State of Arkansas.
Argument continued by Mr. Jno. P. Streepey and by Mr. Leffel Gen-
try for the appellee and concluded by Mr. Harold R. Ratcliff for the
appellant.
No. 143. The Board of Trade of Kansas City, Mo., et al., appel-
lants, v. The United States of America et al. Argument commenced
by Mr. M. W. Borders for the appellants; continued by Mr. J. Stan-
ley Payne for the appellees, United States of America and Interstate
Commerce Commission; by Mr. Frank A. Leffingwell for the appel-
lees, Texas Industrial Traffic League et al.; and concluded by Mr.
Samuel J. Wettrick for the appellants.
No. 39. Continental Casualty Company and Marie M. Short v. The
United States of America. Argument commenced by Mr. Joseph V.
McEnery for the Continental Casualty Company and Marie M.
Short.
Adjourned until tomorrow at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Wednesday, November 19, will be as follows: Nos.
39, 46, 48, 44, 45, and 51.
☑
420417-41- -23

WEDNESDAY, NOVEMBER 19, 1941
80
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: The Chief Justice, Mr. Justice Roberts, Mr. Justice Black,
Mr. Justice Reed, Mr. Justice Frankfurter, Mr. Justice Douglas, Mr.
Justice Murphy, Mr. Justice Byrnes, and Mr. Justice Jackson.
Robert M. McManigal, of Los Angeles, Calif.; Samuel A. Miller, of
Atlanta, Ga.; James N. Frazer, of Atlanta, Ga.; Virgil E. Woodcock,
of Philadelphia, Pa.; Frank A. Hooper, Jr., of Atlanta, Ga.; and
Armor M. Murdoch, of Washington, D. C., were admitted to practice.
No. 39. Continental Casualty Company and Marie M. Short v.
The United States of America. Argument continued by Mr. Joseph V.
McEnery for the Continental Casualty Company and Marie M. Short;
by Mr. Richard H. Demuth for the United States; and concluded by
Mr. Joseph V. McEnery for Continental Casualty Company and Marie
M. Short.
No. 46. E. V. Parker, Deputy Commissioner, United States Em-
ployees' Compensation Commission, petitioner, v. Motor Boat Sales,
Incorporated. Argued by Mr. Assistant Attorney General Shea for
the petitioner and by Mr. Minitree Jones Fulton for the respondent.
No. 48. Louis H. Pink, Superintendent of Insurance of the State
of New York, petitioner, v. A. A. A. Highway Express, Inc., et al.
Argued by Mr. M. F. Goldstein for the petitioner and by Mr. Frank
A. Hooper, Jr., for the respondents.
No. 44. The United States of America, petitioner, v. The State of
Texas, et al. Argument commenced by Mr. Arnold Raum for the
petitioner.
Adjourned until Friday, November 21, at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Friday, November 21, will be as follows: Nos. 44,
45, and 51.
420417-41-24

FRIDAY, NOVEMBER 21, 1941
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
81
Present: The Chief Justice, Mr. Justice Roberts, Mr. Justice Black,
Mr. Justice Reed, Mr. Justice Frankfurter, Mr. Justice Douglas, Mr.
Justice Murphy, Mr. Justice Byrnes, and Mr. Justice Jackson.
Claude D. Carson, of Bremen, Ind.; Charles Daughtry Towers, of
Jacksonville, Fla.; Dan Henry McNeal, of Moline, Ill.; Jesse James
Duckett, of El Campo, Tex.; Maryhelen Wigle, of Seattle, Wash.;
Bernard Kriegel, of Los Angeles, Calif.; Sam H. Hood, of Emory,
Tex.; George D. Rives, of Washington, D. C.; John Reid Turney, Jr.,
of Washington, D. C.; and Jack P. F. Gremillion, of Baton Rouge,
La., were admitted to practice.
No. 44. The United States of America, petitioner, v. The State
of Texas et al. Argument continued by Mr. Arnold Raum for the
petitioner; by Mr. Pat M. Neff, Jr., for the respondents; and concluded
by Mr. Arnold Raum for the petitioner.
No. 45. The United States, petitioner, v. The Kansas Flour Mills
Corporation. Argued by Mr. Warner W. Gardner for the petitioner
and by Mr. Egar Shook and Mr. Phil D. Morelock for the respondent.
Adjourned until Monday, November 24, at 12 o'clock.
420417-41-25

MONDAY, NOVEMBER 24, 1941
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
82
Present: The Chief Justice, Mr. Justice Roberts, Mr. Justice Black,
Mr. Justice Reed, Mr. Justice Frankfurter, Mr. Justice Douglas, Mr.
Justice Murphy, Mr. Justice Byrnes, and Mr. Justice Jackson.
W. J. Hulsey, of McAlester, Okla.; Lena Hulsey, of McAlester,
Okla.; Wray Bevens, of Waverly, Ohio; Wm. M. Briggs, of Black-
well, Okla.; L. Alton Denslow, of Washington, D. C.; Clarence C.
Chilcott, of Kansas City, Mo.; Arthur Hamilton Clephane, of Wash-
ington, D. C.; Marion A. Prowell, of Tuscaloosa, Ala.; Sumner W.
Elton, of Boston, Mass.; Alfred T. White, of New York City; Dixie
Dunnigan, of Los Angeles, Calif.; John F. Dooling, Jr., of New York
City; William Piel, Jr., of New York City; Carrick H. Buck, of
Lihue, T. H.; and William DuBose Sheldon, of Washington, D. C.,
were admitted to practice.
The Honorable Charles Fahy, of New Mexico, Solicitor General of
the United States, was presented by Mr. Attorney General Biddle,
and it was ordered that his commission be recorded.
No. 17. Fred F. Edwards, appellant, v. The People of the State of
California. Appeal from the Superior Court of the State of Cali-
fornia in and for the County of Yuba. Judgment reversed with costs
and cause remanded to the said Superior Court for further proceed-
ings not inconsistent with the opinion of this Court. Opinion by Mr.
Justice Byrnes. Concurring opinion by Mr. Justice Douglas in which
Mr. Justice Black and Mr. Justice Murphy join. Concurring opinion
by Mr. Justice Jackson.
The Chief Justice announced the following order of the Court:
No. 714. George F. Harrington, appellant, v. The People of the
State of California. Appeal from the Superior Court of Los Angeles
County, State of California. Per curiam: The appeal is dismissed for
want of a substantial federal question. Nicchia v. New York, 254
U. S. 228.
420417-41--26

MONDAY, NOVEMBER 24, 1941
The Chief Justice said:
83
"The other orders of the Court appear upon the list certified by
the Chief Justice and filed with the Court and will be announced
orally."
No., original. Ex parte James R. Keller, petitioner. The mo-
tion for leave to file petition for writ of habeas corpus is denied.
No. 281. National Labor Relations Board, petitioner, v. Sparks-
Withington Company et al. Further consideration of the motion to
dismiss is postponed to the hearing of the case on the merits. Mr.
Justice Jackson took no part in the consideration and decision of this
application.
No. 154. Exhibit Supply Company, petitioner, v. Ace Patents
Corporation;
No. 155. Genco, Inc., petitioner, v. Ace Patents Corporation; and
No. 156. Chicago Coin Machine Company, petitioner, v. Ace Pat-
ents Corporation. The motion of respondent to dismiss is denied.
No. 639. Austin Corcoran, petitioner, v. Montgomery Ward &
Company, Inc. On petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Circuit Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit. The motion to pro-
ceed further herein in forma pauperis is denied for the reason that
the Court, upon examination of the papers herein submitted, finds no
ground upon which a writ of certiorari should be issued. The peti-
tion for writ of certiorari is therefore also denied.
No. 723. The United States of America, appellant, v. The Masonite
Corporation et al. In this case probable jurisdiction is noted. Mr.
Justice Jackson took no part in the consideration and decision of this
question.
No. 706. City of Chicago, a municipal corporation, et al., peti-
tioners, v. Fieldcrest Dairies, Inc. Petition for writ of certiorari to
the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Seventh Circuit
granted.
No. 707. Lewis J. Valentine, Individually and as Police Commis-
sioner of the City of New York, petitioner, v. F. J. Chrestensen. Peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of
Appeals for the Second Circuit granted.
No. 708. Guy T. Helvering, Commissioner of Internal Revenue,
petitioner, v. Credit Alliance Corporation. Petition for writ of certi-
orari to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Fourth
Circuit granted.
No. 711. H. J. Gorman, City Treasurer of Kansas City, Missouri,
et al., petitioners, v. The Washington University. Petition for writ of
certiorari to the Supreme Court of the State of Missouri granted.

MONDAY, NOVEMBER 24, 1941
84
No. 697. Leon Charles Weiss, petitioner, v. The United States of
America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit
Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit denied. Mr. Justice Murphy
and Mr. Justice Jackson took no part in the consideration and decision
of this application.
No. 712. John P. Nick and Clyde A. Weston, petitioners, v. The
United States of America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Eighth Circuit de-
nied. Mr. Justice Jackson took no part in the consideration and
decision of this application.
No. 718. General Motors Corporation, petitioner, v. Conway P.
Coe, Commissioner of Patents. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
United States Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia de-
nied. The Chief Justice took no part in the consideration and deci-
sion of this application.
No. 663. Mourning Jones, petitioner, v. City of Arcadia, a munici-
pal corporation. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme
Court of the State of Florida denied.
No. 700. Margaret Harwick, Assignee of Hugh E. Van De Walker,
et al., petitioners, v. Charles V. O'Hern, as Receiver, et al. Petition
for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of the State of Illinois
denied.
No. 702. W. C. Phillips and Fred J. Day, Jr., Trustees, petitioners,
v. George Walter Baker et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit denied.
No. 704. The United States of America, ex rel. Eng Fon Sing, pe-
titioner, v. Byron H. Uhl, District Director of Immigration, etc.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of
Appeals for the Second Circuit denied.
No. 721. Isbrandtsen-Moller Company, Inc., petitioner, v. Motor-
ship "Toledo" and Wilh Wilhelmsen et al., Owners. Petition for
writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for
the Second Circuit denied.
No. 123, October Term, 1940. Harriet K. Moon, petitioner, v. The
Home Life Insurance Company of New York; and
No. 124, October Term, 1940. Harriet K. Moon, petitioner, v. Mu-
tual Health & Accident Association. The motion for leave to file
a third petition for rehearing is denied.
No., original. Ex parte J. L. Stewart, petitioner;
No., original. State of Louisiana, plaintiff, v. Claude Cummins
et al.;
No. 82. Dulac Cypress Company, Ltd., et al., petitioners, v. Wil-
liam S. Lovell and Douglas Gordon Lovell;

MONDAY, NOVEMBER 24, 1941
85
No. 584. Haywood Pope, petitioner, v. Edward M. Curran and
Charles E. Stewart. Petitions for rehearing denied.
No. 624. Marrs McLean, petitioner, v. Commissioner of Internal
Revenue. The petition for rehearing is denied. Mr. Justice Jack-
son took no part in the consideration and decision of this application.
No. 223. The United States of America, Interstate Commerce
Commission, and The Pacific Electric Railway Company, appellants,
v. Railway Labor Executives Association et al. Appeal dismissed
as to appellant The United States of America, on motion of Mr.
Solicitor General Fahy for the United States.
Adjourned until Monday, December 8, at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Monday, December 8, will be as follows: Nos. -,
original, Ex parte State of Texas, 8 (and 9), 28, 49, 75, 51, 54 (55
and 56), 57, 248, and 63.
☑

MONDAY, DECEMBER 8, 1941
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
86
Present: The Chief Justice, Mr. Justice Roberts, Mr. Justice
Black, Mr. Justice Reed, Mr. Justice Frankfurter, Mr. Justice
Douglas, Mr. Justice Murphy, Mr. Justice Byrnes, and Mr. Justice
Jackson.
Orville A. Rogers, of Los Angeles, Calif.; Myron D. Frantz, of
Chicago, Ill.; Frank J. Monaco, of Atlanta, Ga.; Terrence A. Car-
son, of Phoenix, Ariz.; R. C. Patterson, of Houston, Tex.; Harry A.
Bernbach, of New York City; P. E. McCullough, of Chicago, Ill.;
William A. Ewart, of Pontiac, Mich.; Clay Campbell, of Lansing,
Mich.; Clement T. Malan, of Indianapolis, Ind.; William Clarence
Hudson, of Royal Oak, Mich.; George Foster, Jr., of New York City;
John A. Nolan, of Webster Groves, Mo.; William Gates, Jr., of Bos-
ton, Mass.; John Harrington, of Chicago, Ill.; R. H. Whilden, of
Houston, Tex.; George Surosky, of Paterson, N. J.; Pinckney L.
Cain, of Columbia, S. C.; Thomas E. Skinner, of Birmingham, Ala.;
Donald Walker, of Orlando, Fla.; Andrew B. Reavis, of Washing-
ton, D. C.; Harold B. Whitfield, of Chicago, Ill.; Charles D. Sloan,
of Springfield, Mass.; Rudolph J. Eisinger, of Washington, D. C.;
Heba I. Aston, of McAlester, Okla.; Georgina J. Bingert, of Wash-
ington, D. C.; E. M. Gallaher, of Tulsa, Okla.; Lyman E. Latourette,
of Portland, Oreg.; James G. Holbrook, of Joliet, Ill.; Charles J.
McKeown, of Joliet, Ill.; Gerald C. Mann, of Austin, Tex.; and
James L. Noel, Jr., of Austin, Tex., were admitted to practice.
The Court took a recess for the purpose of attending the joint
session of the Congress of the United States and reconvened at
2:30 o'clock.
No. 15. New York, Chicago & St. Louis Railroad Company, appel-
lant, v. Dorothea T. Frank. Appeal from the Appellate Term of
the Supreme Court of the State of New York. Judgment affirmed
with costs. Concurring opinion by Mr. Justice Douglas. Dissent-
ing opinion by Mr. Chief Justice Stone in which Mr. Justice Reed,
Mr. Justice Frankfurter and Mr. Justice Byrnes join.
No. 34. Textile Mills Securities Corporation, petitioner, v. Com-
missioner of Internal Revenue. On writ of certiorari to the United
States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Third Circuit. Judgment
420417-41-27

MONDAY, DECEMBER 8, 1941
87
affirmed and cause remanded to the said Circuit Court of Appeals.
Opinion by Mr. Justice Douglas. Mr. Justice Jackson took no part
in the consideration or disposition of this case.
No. 23. The United States of America, as Guardian of the Indians
of the Tribe of Hualpai in the State of Arizona, petitioner, v. Santa
Fe Pacific Railroad Company. On writ of certiorari to the United
States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit. Judgment
affirmed and cause remanded to the District Court of the United
States for the District of Arizona. Opinion by Mr. Justice Douglas.
No. 29. American Surety Company of New York, petitioner, v.
The Bethlehem National Bank of Bethlehem, Pennsylvania, and
L. M. Reed, as Receiver, etc. On writ of certiorari to the United
States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Third Circuit. Judgment
reversed with costs and cause remanded to the District Court of
the United States for the Eastern District of Pennsylvania for
further proceedings in conformity with the opinion of this Court.
Opinion by Mr. Justice Frankfurter. Dissenting opinion by Mr.
Justice Douglas in which Mr. Justice Black concurs.
No. 36. J. E. Pierce, petitioner, v. The United States of America.
On writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals
for the Sixth Circuit. Judgment reversed and cause remanded to the
District Court of the United States for the Western District of Ten-
nessee for further proceedings in conformity with the opinion of this
Court. Opinion by Mr. Justice Reed. Dissenting: Mr. Justice
Douglas. Mr. Justice Black and Mr. Justice Jackson took no part
in the consideration or decision of this case.
No. 46. E. V. Parker, Deputy Commissioner, United States Em-
ployees' Compensation Commission, petitioner, v. Motor Boat Sales,
Incorporated. On writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit
Court of Appeals for the Fourth Circuit. Judgment of the Circuit
Court of Appeals reversed and that of the District Court affirmed and
cause remanded to the District Court of the United States for the
Eastern District of Virginia. Opinion by Mr. Justice Black.
No. 1. Harry Bridges, petitioner, v. State of California; and
No. 3. The Times-Mirror Company and L. D. Hotchkiss, peti-
tioners, v. The Superior Court of the State of California, in and for the
County of Los Angeles. On writs of certiorari to the Supreme Court
of the State of California. Judgments reversed with costs and cases
remanded to the said Supreme Court for further proceedings not in-
consistent with the opinion of this Court. Opinion by Mr. Justice
Black. Dissenting opinion by Mr. Justice Frankfurter, in which the
Chief Justice, Mr. Justice Roberts, and Mr. Justice Byrnes concur.

MONDAY, DECEMBER 8, 1941
88
No. 45. The United States, petitioner, v. The Kansas Flour Mills
Corporation. On writ of certiorari to the Court of Claims. Judg-
ment reversed and cause remanded to the Court of Claims for further
proceedings in conformity with the opinion of this Court. Opinion
by Mr. Justice Roberts.
No. 4. Major Raymond Lisenba, petitioner, v. The People of the
State of California; and
No. 5. Major Raymond Lisenba, petitioner, v. The People of the
State of California. On writs of certiorari to the Supreme Court of
the State of California. Judgments affirmed. Opinion by Mr. Justice
Roberts. Dissenting opinion by Mr. Justice Black in which Mr.
Justice Douglas concurs.
No. 35. The United States of America, petitioner, v. Alice Gray
Kales. On writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of
Appeals for the Sixth Circuit. Judgment affirmed and cause remanded
to the District Court of the United States for the Eastern District of
Michigan. Opinion by Mr. Chief Justice Stone. Mr. Justice Jackson
took no part in the consideration or decision of this case.
No. 48. Louis H. Pink, Superintendent of Insurance of the State
of New York, petitioner, v. A. A. A. Highway Express, Inc., H. A.
Adams, Trading as Adams Transfer Co., et al. On writ of certiorari
to the Supreme Court of the State of Georgia. Judgment affirmed
with costs. Opinion by Mr. Chief Justice Stone.
The Chief Justice announced the following orders of the Court:
No. 40. Chrysler Corporation, De Soto Motor Corporation, et al.,
appellants, v. The United States of America; and
No. 41. Commercial Credit Company, Commercial Credit Corpora-
tion, etc., et al., appellants, v. The United States of America. Ap-
peals from the District Court of the United States for the Northern
District of Indiana. Per curiam: The Court orders that the appeals
in these cases be dismissed for want of a quorum of Justices quali-
fied to sit in them. The Chief Justice, Mr. Justice Roberts, Mr.
Justice Murphy, and Mr. Justice Jackson are unable to take part in
the consideration or decision of these cases on the merits.
No. 50. Leo S. Holmes, petitioner, v. The United States of America.
On petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court.
of Appeals for the Eighth Circuit. Per curiam: The motion for
leave to proceed in forma pauperis is granted. On the Government's
consent, the petition for a writ of certiorari is granted, the judgment
is vacated, and the case is remanded to the Circuit Court of Appeals
with instructions to enter an order affording reasonable opportunity

MONDAY, DECEMBER 8, 1941
89
for the preparation, presentation, settling, and filing of a suitable bill
of exceptions, and with permission to the court to hear argument
and redetermine the case insofar as that course may be required if
such a bill is filed, or to take such further proceedings and enter such
further orders as may seem appropriate if no adequate bill can be
settled. Mr. Justice Douglas took no part in the consideration and
decision of this case.
No. 736. Laura Morris, Special Administratrix, etc., et al., appel-
lants, v. Amasa L. Clark, Joseph E. Robinson, and Box Elder County,
Utah. Appeal from the Supreme Court of the State of Utah. Per
curiam: The motion to dismiss is granted and the appeal is dis-
missed for the want of jurisdiction. Section 237 (a), Judicial Code,
as amended, 28 U. S. C. sec. 344 (a). Treating the papers whereon
the appeal was allowed as a petition for writ of certiorari as required
by section 237 (c) of the Judicial Code as amended, 28 U. S. C. sec.
344 (c), certiorari is denied.
The Chief Justice said:
"The other orders of the Court appear upon the list certified by
the Chief Justice and filed with the Clerk and will not be announced
orally."
-.
No. In re disbarment of David L. Starr. It having been re-
ported to the Court that David L. Starr of Pittsburgh, Common-
wealth of Pennsylvania, a member of the Bar of this Court, has
been disbarred from the practice of the law by the Supreme Court
of the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania; and this Court by order of
October 13, 1941, having suspended the said David L. Starr from the
practice of law in this Court and directed that a rule issue requiring
him to show cause why he should not be disbarred; and it appearing
that the said rule was issued and served upon David L. Starr, who
has not filed a return thereto, and that time to file such return has
expired;
It is ordered that the said David L. Starr be, and he hereby is, dis-
barred and that his name be stricken from the roll of attorneys
admitted to practice in this Court.
No. original. Ex parte James W. Kauffman, petitioner ;
No., original. Ex parte Frederick H. Mullins, petitioner;
No. -, original. Ex parte Thaddeus Deatherage; and
No.
-
original. Ex parte Louis Deatherage, petitioner; The
motions for leave to file petitions for writs of habeas corpus are
denied.
No. 713. Joe Tenner, petitioner, v. Charles W. Dullea, Chief of
Police of the City and County of San Francisco. The order of stay
entered herein October 27, 1941, is continued until the further order
of this Court.

MONDAY, DECEMBER 8, 1941
90
No. 271. J. T. Smith, petitioner, v. The Fourth National Bank of
Tulsa, Oklahoma. The motion of petitioner to tax costs is denied.
No. 81. Julian Riley and Hughes Spalding, Executors, etc., peti-
tioners, v. The New York Trust Company, Administrator, etc. The
motion of the Tax Commission of the State of New York for leave
to appear and present oral argument as amicus curiae is granted.
No. 668. Robert B. Fennell, petitioner, v. Jules S. Bache et al.,
Trading as J. S. Bache and Company. On petition for writ of
certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the District of
Columbia; and
No. 719. Douglas Van Horne, petitioner, v. Frank T. Hines, as
Administrator of Veterans Affairs. On petition for writ of certiorari
to the United States Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia.
The motions for leave to proceed further herein in forma pauperis
are denied for the reason that the Court, upon examination of the
papers herein submitted, finds no ground upon which writs of certiorari
should be issued. The petitions for writs of certiorari are therefore
also denied.
No. 785. Joseph R. Mickens, petitioner, v. Commonwealth of
Virginia. On petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of
Appeals of the Commonwealth of Virginia. The motion for leave to
proceed further herein in forma pauperis is denied for the reason that
the Court, upon examination of the papers herein submitted, finds no
ground upon which a writ of certiorari should be issued. The petition
for writ of certiorari is therefore also denied. The order heretofore
entered staying execution of sentence is vacated. Mr. Justice Murphy
is of opinion that the petition for writ of certiorari should be granted.
No. 720. Milcor Steel Company, petitioner, v. George A. Fuller
Company et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Circuit Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit granted.
No. 744. The United States of America, petitioner, v. Wrightwood
Dairy Company; and
No. 783. Wrightwood Dairy Company, petitioner, v. The United
States of America. Petitions for writs of certiorari to the United
States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Seventh Circuit granted.
No. 715. Charles I. Waterman et al., petitioners, v. Steamship
"Aakre" Rederi A/S Henneseid et al. Petition for writ of certiorari
to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit
denied.
No. 716. Universal Insurance Company, petitioner, v. Hall-Scott
Motor Car Company. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United
States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit denied.

MONDAY, DECEMBER 8, 1941
91
No. 717. Peter P. Corcoran, petitioner, v. Royal Development Com-
pany. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit
Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit denied.
No. 730. A. B., petitioner, v. C. D. Petition for writ of certiorari
to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Third Circuit
denied.
No. 722. A. D. Dyess, petitioner, v. H. J. Miller. Petition for
writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of the State of Texas denied.
No. 725. James Conway, Trading as Conway Negligees, et al., peti-
tioners, v. Gerald D. Stone, Trustee, et al. Petition for writ of cer-
tiorari to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Third
Circuit denied.
No. 726. Louis H. Cook, Trustee, petitioner, v. R. R. Hannah,
J. H. A. Christiansen, et al., etc. Petition for writ of certiorari to
the Supreme Court of the State of Iowa denied.
No. 727. Frederick K. Barbour, petitioner, v. Commissioner of
Internal Revenue. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Circuit Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit denied.
No. 728. Edna R. Elias, petitioner, v. Commissioner of Internal
Revenue. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit
Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit denied.
No. 737. Walgreen Co., and Allied Electric Products, Inc., peti-
tioners, v. George H. Glade, Jr. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Seventh Circuit denied.
No. 180. Ralph Wagner, petitioner, v. The United States of
America. The motion for leave to file petition for rehearing is
granted. The petition for rehearing is denied. Mr. Justice Jackson
took no part in the consideration and decision of this application.
No. 315. The United States of America, on the relation of Thomas
Henry Robinson, Jr., petitioner, v. James A. Johnston, Warden, etc.
Petition for rehearing denied. Mr. Justice Jackson took no part in
the consideration and decision of this application.
No. 354. George E. Morton, Trustee, et al., petitioners, v. Dar-
danelle Special School District No. 15 of Yell County, Arkansas.
The motion for leave to file a second petition for rehearing is
granted. The second petition for rehearing is denied.
No. 358. Emil Stein, petitioner, v. Preston Delano, Comptroller
of the Currency, et al. The motion for leave to file a second peti-
tion for rehearing is granted. The second petition for rehearing is
denied.
No. -, original. Ex parte William H. Padgett, petitioner;
No. 10. City of Indianapolis et al., petitioners, v. The Chase Na-
tional Bank of the City of New York, Trustee, etc., et al.;

MONDAY, DECEMBER 8, 1941
92
No. 11. City of Indianapolis et al., petitioners, v. The Chase Na-
tional Bank of the City of New York, Trustee, etc., et al.;
No. 12. The Chase National Bank of the City of New York,
Trustee, etc., petitioner, v. Citizens Gas Company of Indianapolis
et al.;
No. 13. The Chase National Bank of the City of New York,
Trustee, etc., petitioner, v. The Indianapolis Gas Company et al.;
No. 302. J. Ralph De Marcos, petitioner, v. Dr. Winfred Over-
holser, Superintendent of St. Elizabeths Hospital;
No. 631. Israel A. Abrams et al., etc., petitioners, v. Henry A.
Scandrett et al., Trustees, etc.;
No. 681. Fred Steffler, petitioner, v. James A. Johnston, Warden,
etc.; and
No. 692. H. S. Richardson, petitioner, v. Commissioner of Internal
Revenue. Petitions for rehearing denied.
No. 108. Identification Devices, Inc., by James M. Rulong, peti-
tioner, v. The United States of America; and
No. 584. Haywood Pope, petitioner, v. Edward M. Curran and
Charles E. Stewart. Second petitions for rehearing denied.
No., original. Ex parte George Acret, petitioner. Motion for
leave to file petition for writ of mandamus presented.
No.
-
-
original. Ex parte Don Ascanio Colonna, petitioner. Mo-
tion for leave to file petition for writs of prohibition and mandamus
presented.
No. - original. Ex parte G. H. Burnham, petitioner. Leave
granted to withdraw motion of Irby Dunklin, Special Master, for
leave to intervene.
No. 554. J. B. Spencer et al., petitioners, v. Luckenbach Gulf
Steamship Company and Swayne & Hoyt, Ltd. Motion for leave to
file narrative form of testimony submitted by Mr. J. B. Spencer, pro se.
No. -, original. Ex parte State of Texas et al., petitioners. Argu-
ment on the motion for leave to file petition for writ of mandamus and
the return to the rule to show cause commenced by Mr. James P. Hart
for the petitioners.
Adjourned until tomorrow at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Tuesday, December 9, will be as follows: Nos:
-, original, Ex parte State of Texas, 8 (and 9), 28, 49, 75, 51, 54
(55 and 56), 57, 248, and 63.
Х

TUESDAY, DECEMBER 9, 1941
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
93
Present: The Chief Justice, Mr. Justice Roberts, Mr. Justice Black,
Mr. Justice Reed, Mr. Justice Frankfurter, Mr. Justice Douglas, Mr.
Justice Murphy, Mr. Justice Byrnes, and Mr. Justice Jackson.
Barnett H. Goldstein, of Portland, Oreg.; W. D. Caldwell, of Hous-
ton, Tex.; Benjamin H. Teplitz, of Pittsburgh, Pa.; Frederic Rich-
mond, of Washington, D. C.; James R. Hodder, of Boston, Mass.;
Robert J. Barry, of St. Paul, Minn.; Victor J. Rogers, of Wichita,
Kans.; Kenneth C. Davis, of Seattle, Wash.; Charles E. Hammett,
Jr., of Boston, Mass.; Louis J. Castellano, of Brooklyn, N. Y.; Alden
T. Hill, of Fort Collins, Colo.; and Carl J. Heyser, of Port Jefferson,
N. Y., were admitted to practice.
No. 757. Prudence Realization Corporation, petitioner, v. A.
Joseph Geist, Trustee. Time within which to file brief in opposition
to petition for writ of certiorari extended to and including December
24 next, on motion of Mr. A. Joseph Geist for the respondent.
No., original. Ex parte State of Texas et al., petitioners. Argu-
ment on the motion for leave to file petition for writ of mandamus
and the return to the rule to show cause continued by Mr. James P.
Hart for the petitioners: by Mr. Charles L. Black for Lone Star Gas
Company, Intervener, by special leave of Court; and concluded by Mr.
James P. Hart for the petitioners; and case submitted by James P.
Alexander, John H. Sharp, and Richard Critz, Justices of the Su-
preme Court of Texas, pro se.
No. 8. The United States of America, petitioner, v. Bethlehem
Steel Corporation et al.; and
No. 9. United States Shipping Board Merchant Fleet Corpora-
tion, petitioner, v. Bethlehem Shipbuilding Corporation, Ltd. Argued
by Mr. Solicitor General Fahy for the petitioners and by Mr. Fred-
erick H. Wood for the respondents.
No. 28. Cloverleaf Butter Company, petitioner, v. Haygood Pater-
son, as Commissioner of Agriculture and Industries of the State of
420417-41--28

TUESDAY, DECEMBER 9, 1941
94
Alabama, et al. Argument commenced by Mr. Erle Pettus for the
petitioner.
Adjourned until tomorrow at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Wednesday, December 10, will be as follows: Nos.
28, 49, 75, 51, 54 (55 and 56), 57, 248, 63, 83, and 64.
☑

WEDNESDAY, DECEMBER 10, 1941
95
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: The Chief Justice, Mr. Justice Roberts, Mr. Justice Black,
Mr. Justice Reed, Mr. Justice Frankfurter, Mr. Justice Douglas, Mr.
Justice Murphy, Mr. Justice Byrnes, and Mr. Justice Jackson.
Bruno L. Blinstrub, of Detroit, Mich.; Wm. W. Bishop, Jr., of
Ann Arbor, Mich.; Warren Canaday, of Chicago, Ill.; Sidney R.
Zatz, of Chicago, Ill.; Frederick L. Smith, of New York City; Mel-
ville Reynolds Sands, of Kansas City, Mo.; Clark Y. Gunderson, of
Vermillion, S. Dak.; and Walter J. O'Donnel, of Washington, D. C.,
were admitted to practice.
No. 710. George D. Templeton, on behalf of George Douglas Tem-
pleton, Jr., appellant, v. State of California. Time within which to
file petition for rehearing extended thirty days on motion of Mr.
Thomas D. Aitken for the appellant.
No. 28. Cloverleaf Butter Company, petitioner, v. Haygood Pater-
son, as Commissioner of Agriculture and Industries of the State of
Alabama et al. Argument continued by Mr. Erle Pettus for the
petitioner; by Mr. Charles L. Rowe and Mr. William H. Loeb for
the respondents; and concluded by Mr. Horace C. Wilkinson for the
petitioner.
No. 49. Morton Salt Company, petitioner, v. The G. S. Suppiger
Company. Argued by Mr. Clarence E. Mehlhope for the petitioner
and by Mr. Estill E. Ezell and Mr. Lawrence C. Kingsland for the
respondent.
No. 75. B. B. Chemical Co., petitioner, v. Elmer A. Ellis and
Magic Tape Company. Argued by Mr. Harrison F. Lyman for the
petitioner and by Mr. William Gates, Jr., for the respondents.
Adjourned until tomorrow at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Thursday, December 11, will be as follows: Nos.
51, 54 (55 and 56), 57, 248, 63, 83, 64, 70, 42, and 81.
420417-41-
_ 29
☑

THURSDAY, DECEMBER 11, 1941
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
96
Present: The Chief Justice, Mr. Justice Roberts, Mr. Justice Black,
Mr. Justice Reed, Mr. Justice Frankfurter, Mr. Justice Douglas, Mr.
Justice Murphy, Mr. Justice Byrnes, and Mr. Justice Jackson.
Edward L. Scheufler, of Kansas City, Mo.; Max Schwartz, of
Brooklyn, N. Y.; Luther Ely Smith, Jr., of St. Louis, Mo.; Woodrow
M. Melvin, of Tallahassee, Fla.; Joseph E. Gillen, of Tallahassee,
Fla.; and Emery Monash, of Detroit, Mich., were admitted to practice.
No. 774. National Labor Relations Board, petitioner, v. Nevada
Consolidated Copper Corporation. Time within which to file opposi-
tion to petition for writ of certiorari extended to and including Janu-
ary 17, next, on motion of Mr. C. C. Parsons for the respondent.
No. 51. Irving Trust Company and Thomas F. McGlone, Jr., as
Executors, etc., et al., appellants, v. Chase L. Day, as Executor, etc.
Argument commenced by Mr. Philip Zierler for the appellants Irving
Trust Company et al. and continued by Mr. Arthur F. Van Thun,
Jr., for the appellee. The Court declined to hear further argument.
Submitted by Mr. Ralph L. Kaskell, Jr., for the appellants, Edward
McGlone and Robert McGlone.
No. 54. The United States of America, petitioner, v. James M.
Ragen;
No. 55. The United States of America, petitioner, v. Arnold W.
Kruse; and
No. 56. The United States of America, petitioner, v. Lester A.
Kruse. Argued by Mr. Gordon B. Tweedy for the petitioner; by
Mr. Joseph A. Struett for the respondents in Nos. 55 and 56; and
by Mr. John L. McInerney for the respondent in No. 54.
No. 57. Scaife Company, petitioner, v. Commissioner of Internal
Revenue. Argued by Mr. Samuel Kaufman for the petitioner and by
Mr. Richard H. Demuth for the respondent.
No. 248. Guy T. Helvering, Commissioner of Internal Revenue,
petitioner, v. Lerner Stores Corporation (Md.). Argued by Mr.
Richard H. Demuth for the petitioner and by Mr. Andrew B. Trud-
gian for the respondent.
Adjourned until tomorrow at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Friday, December 12, will be as follows: Nos.
63, 83, 64, 70, 42, 81, 78, 52 (and 53), 322, and 61.
☑
420417-41-30

FRIDAY, DECEMBER 12, 1941
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
97
Present: The Chief Justice, Mr. Justice Roberts, Mr. Justice Black,
Mr. Justice Reed, Mr. Justice Frankfurter, Mr. Justice Douglas, Mr.
Justice Murphy, Mr. Justice Byrnes, and Mr. Justice Jackson.
Bernard V. Brady, of Milwaukee, Wis.; C. S. Baldwin, Jr., of
Madison, Ga.; Abe Goff, of Moscow, Idaho; and John P. Carr, of
Boston, Mass., were admitted to practice.
No. 63. Thomas W. White et al., Former Collectors of Internal
Revenue, etc., petitioners, v. Winchester Country Club. Argued by
Mr. J. Louis Monarch for the petitioners and by Mr. Charles W.
Mulcahy for the respondent.
No. 83. Merion Cricket Club, petitioner, v. The United States of
America. Argued by Mr. John Lewis Evans for the petitioner and
by Mr. J. Louis Monarch for the respondent.
No. 64. Clyde Hysler, petitioner, v. The State of Florida. Argued
by Mr. Carlton C. Arnow for the petitioner and by Mr. Joseph E.
Gillen for the respondent.
Adjourned until Monday next at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Monday, December 15, will be as follows: Nos. 42,
70, 78, 81, 52 (and 53), 322, 67, 61, 86, and 91.
420417-41--
-31
☑

MONDAY, DECEMBER 15, 1941
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
98
Present: The Chief Justice, Mr. Justice Roberts, Mr. Justice Black,
Mr. Justice Reed, Mr. Justice Frankfurter, Mr. Justice Douglas,
Mr. Justice Murphy, Mr. Justice Byrnes, and Mr. Justice Jackson.
Richard S. Salant, of New York City; Robert F. Cooper, Jr., of
Louisville, Ky.; Harley M. Kilgore, of Beckley, W. Va.; Wilbur B.-
Davis, of New York City; Albert H. Bosch, of New York City;
Meyer E. Aronoff, of St. Louis, Mo.; Thomas Taylor Purdom, of
Sparta, Ga.; Edward F. Keenan, of New York City; Richard W.
Galiher, of Washington, D. C.; Robert Shields Sams, of Atlanta, Ga.;
Martin Ashton Hutchinson, of Richmond, Va.; John H. Flanigan,
of Carthage, Mo.; Ray B. Lucas, of Kansas City, Mo.; Harold T.
Halfpenny, of Chicago, Ill.; Louis Regenstein, Jr., of Atlanta, Ga.;
and Wendell L. Willkie, of New York City, were admitted to
practice.
No. 58. District of Columbia, petitioner, v. Henry C. Murphy;
No. 59. District of Columbia, petitioner, v. Paul M. DeHart. On
writs of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the
District of Columbia. Judgments reversed with costs and cases re-
manded to the Court of Appeals with direction to remand to the
Board of Tax Appeals for the District of Columbia for further
proceedings in conformity with the opinion of this Court. Opinion
by Mr. Justice Jackson. The Chief Justice, Mr. Justice Roberts, and
Mr. Justice Reed took no part in the consideration or decision of these
cases.
No. 33. The United States of America, petitioner, v. Harry S.
Emory, St. James Distillery, Inc., and St. James Distillery. On
writ of certiorari to the Springfield Court of Appeals, State of Mis-
souri. Judgment reversed and cause remanded to the said Court of
Appeals for further proceedings not inconsistent with the opinion of
this Court. Opinion by Mr. Justice Byrnes. Dissenting opinion by
Mr. Justice Reed in which Mr. Justice Roberts, Mr. Justice Douglas,
and Mr. Justice Jackson concur.
No. 18. H. A. Gray, as Director of The Bituminous Coal Division
of the Department of the Interior, et al., petitioners, v. Legh R.
Powell, Jr., and Henry W. Anderson, as Receivers of Seaboard Air
420417-41--32

MONDAY, DECEMBER 15, 1941
99
Line Railway Company. On writ of certiorari to the United States
Circuit Court of Appeals for the Fourth Circuit. Judgment reversed
and cause remanded to the Circuit Court of Appeals for further
proceedings in conformity with the opinion of this Court. Opinion
by Mr. Justice Reed. Mr. Justice Jackson took no part in the con-
sideration or decision of this case. Dissenting opinion by Mr. Justice
Roberts in which the Chief Justice and Mr. Justice Byrnes join.
No. 43. Jim Duckworth, appellant, v. The State of Arkansas. Ap-
peal from the Supreme Court of the State of Arkansas. Judgment
affirmed with costs. Opinion by Mr. Chief Justice Stone. Opinion
by Mr. Justice Jackson concurring in the result.
The Chief Justice said:
"The orders of the Court appear upon the list certified by the
Chief Justice and filed with the Clerk and will not be announced
orally."
No., original. Ex parte William Cherry, petitioner;
No., original. Ex parte Clarence M. Brummitt, petitioner;
No. -, original. Ex parte Paul B. Roubay, petitioner. The
motions for leave to file petitions for writs of habeas corpus are
denied.
No., original. Ex parte George Acret, petitioner. The motion
for leave to file petition for writ of mandamus is denied.
No. -, original. Ex parte G. H. Burnham, petitioner. The
motion for leave to file petition for writ of mandamus is denied. The
rule to show cause is discharged.
No. 755. Municipal Investors Association, appellant, v. City of
Birmingham, a municipal corporation, et al. Further consideration
of the question of the jurisdiction of this Court in this case is post-
poned to the hearing of the case on the merits.
No. 738. The United States of America, petitioner, v. Elizabeth
Kerr, Administratrix, etc. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
United States Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia granted.
No. 554. J. B. Spencer et al., petitioners, v. Luckenbach Gulf
Steamship Company and Swayne & Hoyt, Ltd. On petition for writ
of certiorari to the Supreme Court of the State of Louisiana. Peti-
tioners' motion to file a narrative form of testimony in lieu of questions
and answers is denied for the reason that the Court, upon examination
of all the papers submitted, finds no ground upon which a writ of
certiorari should be issued. The petition for a writ of certiorari is
therefore also denied.

MONDAY, DECEMBER 15, 1941
100
No. 713. Joe Tenner, petitioner, v. Charles W. Dullea, Chief of
Police of the City and County of San Francisco. On petition for
writ of certiorari to the Superior Court for the City and County of
San Francisco, State of California. The petition for writ of certi-
orari is denied in the exercise of our discretion for the reason that
petitioner has not presented his application for habeas corpus to the
highest court of the state. The stay heretofore entered is continued
until further order of this Court to afford petitioner a reasonable
opportunity to present his application for habeas corpus to the highest
court of the state, and in the event of its denial to renew in this Court
an application for a writ of certiorari.
No. 307. Newark Morning Ledger Company, petitioner, v. Na-
tional Labor Relations Board. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Third Circuit denied.
Mr. Justice Jackson took no part in the consideration and decision of
this application.
No. 743. Daniel P. Woolley, petitioner, v. Commissioner of In-
ternal Revenue. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Circuit Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit denied. Mr. Justice
Jackson took no part in the consideration and decision of this
application.
No. 724. Suburban Lumber Company, petitioner, v. National Labor
Relations Board. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Circuit Court of Appeals for the Third Circuit denied.
No. 735. The American Packing and
tioner, v. The United States of America.
orari to the United States Circuit Court
Circuit denied.
Provision Company, peti-
Petition for writ of certi-
of Appeals for the Tenth
No. 742. Axel Hawkinson, petitioner, v. George Gaston Johnston.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of
Appeals for the Eighth Circuit denied.
No. 16. Samuel R. Toucey, petitioner, v. New York Life Insurance
Company; and
No. 19. Phoenix Finance Corporation, petitioner, v. Iowa-Wiscon-
sin Bridge Company. On page 6 of the opinion in these cases, the
words "have pro tanto amended” in lines twenty-five and twenty-six
are changed to "qualify pro tanto." The petitions for rehearing are
denied.
No. 10, original. Ex parte Raymond Oswald Demaurez, petitioner.
The motion for leave to file petition for rehearing is granted. The
petition for rehearing is denied.

MONDAY, DECEMBER 15, 1941
101
No. 244. Ready Truck Lines, Inc., appellant, v. The United States
of America et al. Petition for rehearing denied. Mr. Justice Jackson
took no part in the consideration or decision of this application.
No. 1053, October Term 1940. Clarence Pearson, petitioner, v.
The People of the State of California; and
No. 682. Daniel W. Hoan, petitioner, v. The Journal Company
et al. Petitions for rehearing denied.
The Court will take a recess from Monday, December 22, until
Monday, January 5, 1942.
No. 325. Frederick Rodiek, Ancillary Executor, etc., petitioner, v.
The United States of America et al. Francis Biddle, present Attorney
General of the United States, substituted as a party respondent herein
in the place and stead of Robert H. Jackson, resigned, on motion of
Mr. Solicitor General Fahy for the respondents.
No. 744. The United States of America, petitioner, v. Wrightwood
Dairy Company; and
No. 783. Wrightwood Dairy Company, petitioner, v. The United
States of America. Motion to advance submitted by Mr. Solicitor
General Fahy for the United States.
No. 745. The Schenectady Union Publishing Company, petitioner,
v. Martin L. Sweeney. Motion of Council for Democracy, Inc., for
leave to file brief as amicus curiae submitted by Mr. Frederick R.
Gibbs in that behalf and the motion denied.
No. 42. The United States of America, petitioner, v. Louis H. Pink,
Superintendent of Insurance of the State of New York et al. Argued
by Mr. Solicitor General Fahy for the petitioner and by Mr. Alfred C.
Bennett for the respondent.
No. 70. Ira Taylor, appellant, v. The State of Georgia. Argument
commenced by Mr. Leonard Haas for the appellant and continued by
Mr. Thomas Taylor Purdom for the appellant and by Mr. C. S.
Baldwin, Jr., for the appellee.
Adjourned until tomorrow at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Tuesday, December 16, will be as follows: Nos. 70,
78, 81, 52 (and 53), 322, 67, 61, 86, 91, and 71.

TUESDAY, DECEMBER 16, 1941
102
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: The Chief Justice, Mr. Justice Roberts, Mr. Justice Black,
Mr. Justice Reed, Mr. Justice Frankfurter, Mr. Justice Douglas; Mr.
Justice Murphy, Mr. Justice Byrnes, and Mr. Justice Jackson.
Joe T. Keating, of Washington, D. C.; Solomon Freedman, of
Philadelphia, Pa.; George Weitzman, of Easton, Pa.; Gershon A.
Aronson, of New York City; Maurice P. McCaffrey, of Sacramento,
Calif.; Joseph W. Kaufman, of New York City; Orville W. Wood,
of New York City; Kelly Bell, of Houston, Tex.; M. J. Thomas, of
Helena, Mont.; Frederick C. Wardle, of Detroit, Mich.; John R.
McKim, of Pittsburgh, Pa.; Arthur James Carnes, of Malden, Mass. ;
William John Robinson, Jr., of Boston, Mass.; Manuel C. Gonzales, of
San Antonio, Tex.; Arnold John Van Borkum, of Beatrice, Nebr.;
and Eugene Gilbert Cushing, of Vancouver, Wash., were admitted to
practice.
No. 70. Ira Taylor, appellant, v. The State of Georgia. Argu-
ment concluded by Mr. C. S. Baldwin, Jr., for the appellee.
No. 78. Barker Duncan, petitioner, v. Guy A. Thompson, Trustee,
etc. Argued by Mr. Harry G. Waltner, Jr., for the petitioner and by
Mr. John H. Flanigan for the respondent. Leave granted petitioner
to file a reply brief.
No. 81. Julian Riley and Hughes Spalding, Executors, etc., peti-
tioners, v. The New York Trust Company, Administrator etc. Argued
by Mr. Dan MacDougald for the petitioners; by Mr. Marion Smith
for the respondents; and by Mr. Mortimer M. Kassell for the Tax Com-
mission of the State of New York, as amicus curiae, by special leave
of Court.
No. 52. The United States of America et al., appellants, v. N. E.
Rosenblum Truck Lines, Inc.; and
No. 53. The United States of America et al., appellants, v. J. B.
Margolies, an individual doing business as Manhattan Truck Lines.
Argument commenced by Mr. Frank Coleman for the appellants.
Adjourned until tomorrow at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Wednesday, December 17, will be as follows: Nos.
52 (and 53), 322, 61, 86, 91, 71, 100, 101, 110 (and 267), and 151.
420417-41-33
Х

WEDNESDAY, DECEMBER 17, 1941
103
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: The Chief Justice, Mr. Justice Black, Mr. Justice Reed,
Mr. Justice Frankfurter, Mr. Justice Douglas, Mr. Justice Murphy,
Mr. Justice Byrnes, and Mr. Justice Jackson.
Edmund C. Shields, of Lansing, Mich.; Joseph C. Maytnier, of
Akron, Ohio; Alvin R. Allison, of Levelland, Tex.; Russell Voertman,
of Kansas City, Mo.; Samuel Hassen, of New York City; and Ralph
B. Wertheimer, of San Francisco, Calif., were admitted to practice.
No. 52. The United States of America et al., appellants, v. N. E.
Rosenblum Truck Lines, Inc.; and
No. 53. The United States of America et al., appellants, v. J. B.
Margolies, an individual doing business as Manhattan Truck Lines.
Argument continued by Mr. Frank Coleman for the appellants; by
Mr. Gus O. Nations for the appellees; and concluded by Mr. Frank
Coleman for the appellants.
No. 322. Pete Lubetich, an individual doing business as Pacific
Refrigerated Motor Lines, appellant, v. The United States of America.
et al. Argued by Mr. Albert E. Stephan for the appellant and by Mr.
Frank Coleman for the appellees.
No. 86. Peter Young, alias Young Lup, petitioner, v. The United
States of America. Argued by Mr. Solicitor General Fahy for the
respondent and case submitted by Mr. Fred Patterson for the peti-
tioner.
No. 61. Harry F. Meilink, as Trustee, etc., petitioner, v. Unem-
ployment Reserve Commission of the State of California. Argument
commenced by Mr. W. Randolph Montgomery for the petitioner.
Adjourned until tomorrow at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Thursday, December 18, will be as follows: Nos.
61, 91, 71, 100, 110 (and 267), and 101.
420417-41-34

THURSDAY, DECEMBER 18, 1941
104
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: The Chief Justice, Mr. Justice Black, Mr. Justice Reed,
Mr. Justice Frankfurter, Mr. Justice Douglas, Mr. Justice Murphy,
Mr. Justice Byrnes, and Mr. Justice Jackson.
Elden S. Magaw, of Oklahoma City, Okla.; Samuel A. Weiss, of
Pittsburgh, Pa.; J. Walter Hall, of Orlando, Fla.; Mont Clair Spear,
of Kansas City, Mo.; George B. Searls, of Cambridge, Mass.; Stanley
I. Posner, of Medford, Mass.; Harry P. Warner, of Washington, D. C.;
Leo G. Marcollo, of Richmond, Calif.; Smith Troy, of Olympia,
Wash.; Floyd M. Reischling, of Olympia, Wash.; and William C.
Coffill, of Sonora, Calif., were admitted to practice.
No. 61. Harry F. Meilink, as Trustee, etc., petitioner, v. Unem-
ployment Reserve Commission of the State of California. Argument
continued by Mr. W. Randolph Montgomery for the petitioner, and
concluded by Mr. John J. Dailey for the respondent.
No. 91. Charles R. Fischer, Commissioner of Insurance of the
State of Iowa, as Receiver, etc., petitioner, v. American United Life
Insurance Company et al. Argument commenced by Mr. Willis J.
O'Brien for the petitioner; continued by Mr. Clayton F. Jennings for
respondent, John G. Emery et al.; by Mr. John M. Scott for respond-
ent, Dan E. Lydick; by Robert A. Adams for respondent, Ameri-
can United Life Insurance Company; and concluded by Mr. John N.
Hughes, Jr., for the petitioner.
No. 71. National Labor Relations Board, petitioner, v. P. Lorillard
Company. Argument commenced by Mr. Richard H. Demuth for the
petitioner.
Adjourned until tomorrow at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Friday, December 19, will be as follows: Nos.
71, 100, and 110 (and 267).
420417-41--35
☑

FRIDAY, DECEMBER 19, 1941
105
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: The Chief Justice, Mr. Justice Black, Mr. Justice Reed,
Mr. Justice Frankfurter, Mr. Justice Douglas, Mr. Justice Murphy,
Mr. Justice Byrnes, and Mr. Justice Jackson.
Mation Elizabeth Poole, of Washington, D. C.; E. Madison Hall,
Jr., of Washington, D. C.; Bernard A. Foster, Jr., of Washington,
D. C.; Harry Mesard, of Albany, N. Y.; John W. Kearns, of Chi-
cago, Ill.; Robert Corpening Finley, of Olympia, Wash.; Everett
A. Bogue, of Vermillion, S. Dak.; Hymen S. Gratch, of Chicago,
Ill.; Sydney Snitow, of New York City; Melvel W. Snitow, of
New York City; Lewis W. Petteway, of Tallahassee, Fla.; Law-
rence Adams Truett, of Tallahassee, Fla.; and Donald Kingery
Carroll, of Tallahassee, Fla., were admitted to practice.
No. 71. National Labor Relations Board, petitioner, v. P. Loril-
lard Company. Argument continued by Mr. Homer Cummings for
the respondent and concluded by Mr. Richard H. Demuth for the
petitioner.
No. 100. Illinois Natural Gas Company, appellant, v. Central Illi-
nois Public Service Company et al. Argued by Mr. Glenn W. Clark
for the appellant and by Mr. Albert E. Hallett, Jr., for the appellees.
No. 110. The Alton Railroad Company et al., appellants, v. The
United States of America et al.; and
No. 267. The United States of America et al., appellants, v. The
Alton Railroad Company et al. Argument commenced by Mr. Amos
M. Mathews for the Alton Railroad Company et al.
Adjourned until Monday next at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Monday, December 22, will be as follows: Nos.
110 (and 267).
420417-41—36

MONDAY, DECEMBER 22, 1941
106
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: The Chief Justice, Mr. Justice Black, Mr. Justice Reed,
Mr. Justice Frankfurter, Mr. Justice Douglas, Mr. Justice Murphy,
Mr. Justice Byrnes, and Mr. Justice Jackson.
John D. Swartz, of New York City; William F. Hanlon, of Avon,
N. J.; Raymond Krebill, of Washington, D. C.; Bertram E. Williams,
of Washington, D. C.; Miles Dorwin Pillars, of Washington, D. C.;
Joshua Egelson, of New York City; Jacob I. Weinstein, of Philadel-
phia, Pa.; Walter James Brobyn, of Washington, D. C.; and Nelson
Jones, of Houston, Tex., were admitted to practice.
No. 44. The United States of America, petitioner, v. The State of
Texas et al. On writ of certiorari to the Court of Civil Appeals,
Second Judicial District, State of Texas. Judgment reversed and
cause remanded to the said Court of Civil Appeals for further pro-
ceedings not inconsistent with the opinion of this Court. Opinion
by Mr. Justice Byrnes. Mr. Justice Jackson took no part in the
consideration or decision of this case.
No. 25. National Labor Relations Board, petitioner, v. Virginia
Electric and Power Company; and
No. 26. National Labor Relations Board, petitioner, v. The Inde-
pendent Organization of Employees of the Virginia Electric and
Power Company. On writs of certiorari to the United States Cir-
cuit Court of Appeals for the Fourth Circuit. Judgments reversed
and causes remanded to the Circuit Court of Appeals with directions
to remand to the Board for a redetermination of the issues in the
cases in the light of the opinion of this Court. Opinion by Mr.
Justice Murphy. Mr. Justice Roberts and Mr. Justice Jackson took
no part in the consideration or decision of these cases.
No. 57. Scaife Company, petitioner, v. Commissioner of Internal
Revenue. On writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of
Appeals for the Third Circuit. Judgment affirmed and cause re-
manded to the said Circuit Court of Appeals. Opinion by Mr. Jus-
tice Douglas.
No. 248. Guy T. Helvering, Commissioner of Internal Revenue,
petitioner, v. Lerner Stores Corporation (Md.). On writ of certiorari
to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit.
420417-41—37

MONDAY, DECEMBER 22, 1941
107
Judgment reversed and cause remanded to the said Circuit Court of
Appeals for further proceedings in conformity with the opinion of
this Court. Opinion by Mr. Justice Douglas.
No. —. In re disbarment of Howard C. Hopson. It having been
reported to the Court that Howard C. Hopson, of Madison, Wis., a
member of the Bar of this Court, has been disbarred from the prac-
tice of the law by the District Court of the United States for the
District of Columbia; and this Court by order of October 13, 1941,
having suspended the said Howard C. Hopson from the practice of
law in this Court and directed that a rule issue requiring him to show
cause why he should not be disbarred; and it appearing that the said
rule was issued and served upon Howard C. Hopson, who has not filed
a return thereto, and that time to file such return has expired;
It is ordered that the said Howard C. Hopson be, and he hereby is,
disbarred and that his name be stricken from the roll of attorneys
admitted to practice in this Court.
Mr. Justice Douglas and Mr. Justice Jackson did not participate
in the consideration or decision of this matter.
No. In the matter of Joe Tenner, petitioner. It is now here
ordered by this Court that the State of California, its officers, agents,
and servants and all other persons, are hereby prohibited from re-
moving Joe Tenner or permitting him to be removed from the State
of California pending the filing by him of a petition for a writ of
habeas corpus in the Supreme Court of California and pending the
disposition of that petition. The petitioner is directed to file his
petition for a writ of habeas corpus on or before January 7, 1942.
This order prohibiting the removal of Joe Tenner from the State of
California is to remain in effect until the further order of this Court.
No., original. Ex parte Thomas Contreras, petitioner; and
No. -, original. Ex parte Harley Stewart, petitioner. The mo-
tions for leave to file petitions for writs of habeas corpus are denied.
No., original. Herbert N. DeWolfe, complainant, v. The State of
California. The motion for leave to file bill of complaint is denied.
No. 744. The United States of America, petitioner, v. Wrightwood
Dairy Company; and
No. 783. Wrightwood Dairy Company, petitioner, v. The United
States of America. The motion to advance is granted and the cases.
are advanced and assigned for argument on Monday, January 12,
1942.
No. 990, October Term, 1940. The United States, petitioner, v.
Nunnally Investment Company. The petition for rehearing is

MONDAY, DECEMBER 22, 1941
108
granted. The order denying certiorari is vacated and the petition for
writ of certiorari to the Court of Claims is granted. Mr. Justice
Jackson took no part in the consideration and decision of this
application.
No. 745. The Schenectady Union Publishing Company, petitioner,
v. Martin L. Sweeney. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United
States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit granted. Mr.
Justice Jackson took no part in the consideration and decision of
this application.
No. 327. Isabelle Hammond-Knowlton, as Administratrix, etc.,
petitioner, v. The United States of America et al. Petition for writ
of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the
Second Circuit denied. Mr. Justice Jackson took no part in the con-
sideration and decision of this application.
No. 734. S. M. E. Simon, petitioner, v. The United States of
America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit
Court of Appeals for the Fourth Circuit denied. Mr. Justice Jack-
son took no part in the consideration and decision of this application.
No. 731. Raymond W. Starr, Attorney General, etc., petitioner, v.
B. C. Schram, Receiver, etc.; and
No. 732. Raymond W. Starr, Attorney General, etc., petitioner, v.
B. C. Schram, Receiver, etc. Petition for writs of certiorari to the
United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Sixth Circuit denied.
Mr. Justice Murphy took no part in the consideration and decision
of this application.
No. 729. Lina H. Halverson, Beneficiary, petitioner, v. The United
States of America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United
States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Seventh Circuit denied.
No. 661. American Tri-Ergon Corporation and Tri-Ergon Hold-
ing, A. G., petitioners, v. Radtke Patents Corporation et al.;
No. 705. Radtke Patents Corporation et al., petitioners, v. Conway
P. Coe, Commissioner of Patents, et al.; and
No. 740. Whitson Photophone Corporation et al., petitioners, v.
Conway P. Coe, Commissioner of Patents, et al. Petitions for writs
of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the District
of Columbia denied.
No. 739. William H. Killoren, Trustee, etc., petitioner, v. National
Labor Relations Board. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United
States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Eighth Circuit denied.
No. 741. Skenandoa Rayon Corporation, petitioner, v. Commis-
sioner of Internal Revenue. Petition for writ of certiorari to the

MONDAY, DECEMBER 22, 1941
109
United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit
denied.
No. 746. The Hudson Motor Car Company, petitioner, v. Gustav
C. Hertz, Administrator, etc.; and
No. 747. Motor Wheel Corporation, petitioner, v. Gustav C. Hertz,
Administrator, etc. Petitions for writs of certiorari to the United
States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Sixth Circuit denied.
No. 748. John L. Vest, petitioner, v. Federal Deposit Insurance
Corporation, Receiver, etc. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Sixth Circuit denied.
No. 749. Arthur Swall, petitioner, v. Commissioner of Internal
Revenue. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit
Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit denied.
No. 753. Norman B. Pitcairn and Frank C. Nicodemus, Jr., Re-
ceivers, etc., petitioners, v. Oliver S. Perry. Petition for writ of
certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the
Eighth Circuit denied.
No., original. Ex parte Ben Sims, petitioner;
No. 657. John C. Geiger, petitioner, v. The People of the State of
California;
No. 683. John C. Geiger, petitioner, v. The People of the State of
California;
No. 663. Mourning Jones, petitioner, v. City of Arcadia, a Munici-
pal Corporation; and
No. 690. Paul Patterson et ux., petitioners, v. W. E. Peel. Peti-
tions for rehearing denied.
No. 712. John P. Nick and Clyde A. Weston, petitioners, v. The
United States of America. Petition for rehearing denied. Mr. Jus-
tice Jackson took no part in the consideration and decision of this
application.
No. 718. General Motors Corporation, petitioner, v. Conway P.
Coe, Commissioner of Patents. Petition for rehearing denied. The
Chief Justice took no part in the consideration and decision of this
application.
No. -, original. Ex parte John Botwinski, petitioner. Motion
for leave to file petition for writ of habeas corpus presented.
No. 110. The Alton Railroad Company et al., appellants, v. The
United States of America et al.; and
No. 267. The United States of America et al., appellants, v. The
Alton Railroad Company et al. Argument continued by Mr. Amos M.

MONDAY, DECEMBER 22, 1941
110
Mathews for the Alton Railroad Company; by Mr. Daniel W. Knowl-
ton for the United States and Interstate Commerce Commission; by
Mr. George S. Dixon for John P. Fleming; and concluded by Mr.
Amos M. Mathews for the Alton Railroad Company.
Adjourned until Monday, January 5, 1942, at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Monday, January 5, 1942, will be as follows: Nos.
67, 101, 112, 1023, October Term, 1940, 131 (and 132), 139, 151,
161, 206, and 229.
☑

MONDAY, JANUARY 5, 1942
111
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: The Chief Justice, Mr. Justice Black, Mr. Justice Reed,
Mr. Justice Frankfurter, Mr. Justice Douglas, Mr. Justice Murphy,
Mr. Justice Byrnes, and Mr. Justice Jackson.
Julian Robert Wilheim, of New York City; Herbert Zelenko, of
New York City; Wilfred M. McFarland, of Omaha, Nebr.; Antonia
E. Rago, of Chicago, Ill.; J. M. Grimm, of Cedar Rapids, Iowa;
Edwin D. Franey, of St. Louis, Mo.; Clarence Manion, of South
Bend, Ind.; and Harry Dow, of Houston, Tex., were admitted to
practice.
No. 51. Irving Trust Company and Thomas F. McGlone, Jr., as
Executors under the last will and testament and codicil thereto of
John J. McGlone, deceased, et al., appellants, v. Chase L. Day, as
Executor under the last will and testament of Helena Day McGlone,
deceased. Appeal from the Surrogate's Court, Kings County, State
of New York. Judgment affirmed with costs. Opinion by Mr. Justice
Jackson. Mr. Justice Roberts took no part in the decision of this
case.
No. 61. Harry F. Meilink, as Trustee in Bankruptcy of the Estate
of United Lamp & Shade Corporation, Bankrupt, petitioner, v. Un-
employment Reserves Commission of the State of California. On
writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for
the Ninth Circuit. Judgment affirmed with costs and cause re-
manded to the District Court of the United States for the Northern
District of California. Opinion by Mr. Justice Jackson. Mr. Jus-
tice Roberts took no part in the decision of this case.
No. 91. Charles R. Fischer, Commissioner of Insurance of the
State of Iowa, as Receiver for the American Life Insurance Company,
petitioner, v. American United Life Insurance Company, et al. On
writ to certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for
the Eighth Circuit. Judgment reversed with costs and cause re-
manded to the Circuit Court of Appeals for further proceedings in
conformity with the opinion of this Court. Opinion by Mr. Justice
Douglas. Mr. Justice Roberts did not participate in the decision of
this case.
420417-42-38

MONDAY, JANUARY 5, 1942
112
No. 143. The Board of Trade of Kansas City, Mo., J. F. Leahy,
R. E. Swenson, G. A. Johnson, et al., appellants, v. The United
States of America, Interstate Commerce Commission, et al. Appeal
from the District Court of the United States for the Western District
of Missouri. Judgment affirmed. Opinion by Mr. Justice Frank-
furter. Dissenting: Mr. Justice Roberts.
No. 39. Continental Casualty Company and Marie M. Short v. The
United States of America. On certificate from the United States
Circuit Court of Appeals for the Third Circuit. Answer to Question
Answer to Question
1 is "Yes." Answer to Question 2 (a) is "No."
2 (b) is "Yes." It is not necessary to answer Questions 3 and 4.
Opinion by Mr. Justice Reed. Mr. Justice Roberts took no part in
the decision of this case.
No. 54. The United States of America, petitioner, v. James M.
Ragen;
No. 55. The United States of America, petitioner, v. Arnold W.
Kruse; and
No. 56. The United States of America, petitioner, v. Lester A.
Kruse. On writs of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court
of Appeals for the Seventh Circuit. Judgments of the Circuit Court
of Appeals reversed and judgments of the District Court affirmed and
cases remanded to the District Court of the United States for the
Northern District of Illinois. Opinion by Mr. Justice Black. Mr.
Justice Roberts, Mr. Justice Murphy, and Mr. Justice Jackson took
no part in the consideration or decision of these cases.
No. 49. Morton Salt Company, petitioner, v. The G. S. Suppiger
Company. On writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court
of Appeals for the Seventh Circuit. Judgment reversed with costs
and cause remanded to the District Court of the United States for
the Northern District of Illinois for further proceedings in con-
formity with the opinion of this Court. Opinion by Mr. Chief Jus-
tice Stone. Mr. Justice Roberts took no part in the decision of
this case.
No. 75. B. B. Chemical Co., petitioner, v. Elmer A. Ellis and
Magic Tape Company. On writ of certiorari to the United States
Circuit Court of Appeals for the First Circuit. Judgment affirmed
with costs and cause remanded to the District Court of the United
States for the District of Massachusetts. Opinion by Mr. Chief
Justice Stone. Mr. Justice Roberts took no part in the decision of
this case.
No. 100. Illinois Natural Gas Company, appellant, v. Central
Illinois Public Service Company and Illinois Commerce Commis-
sion. Appeal from the Supreme Court of the State of Illinois.

MONDAY, JANUARY 5, 1942
113
Judgment reversed with costs and cause remanded to the said Su-
preme Court for further proceedings not inconsistent with the opin-
ion of this Court. Opinion by Mr. Chief Justice Stone. Mr. Justice
Roberts took no part in the consideration or decision of this case.
No. -, original. Ex parte Don Ascanio Colonna, petitioner. The
motion for leave to file petitions for writs of prohibition and man-
damus is denied. Opinion, per curiam, announced by Mr. Chief
Justice Stone. Mr. Justice Roberts took no part in the decision of
this application.
No. 71. National Labor Relations Board, petitioner, v. P. Lorillard
Company. On writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court
of Appeals for the Sixth Circuit. Judgment reversed and cause
remanded to the Circuit Court of Appeals with directions to enforce
the order of the Board. Opinion, per curiam, announced by Mr.
Chief Justice Stone. The Chief Justice and Mr. Justice Roberts
took no part in the consideration or decision of this case.
The Chief Justice announced the following orders of the Court:
No.
- original. Ex parte John Botwinski, petitioner. Per cur-
iam: It does not appear that petitioner has exhausted his state reme-
dies by applying for a writ of error coram nobis. State ex rel. Dowd
v. LaPorte Superior Court, 36 N. E. (2d) 765; State ex rel. Kunkel
v. LaPorte Circuit Court, 209 Ind. 682. The motion for leave to
file a petition for writ of habeas corpus is therefore denied without
prejudice. Mooney v. Holohan, 294 U. S. 103.
No. 794. Fred C. Perkins, Individually and Trading as Perkins
Battery Company, appellant, v. Commonwealth of Pennsylvania.
Appeal from the Supreme Court of the Commonwealth of Pennsyl-
vania. Per curiam: The motion to affirm is granted and the judg-
ment is affirmed. Section 1606 (a) of the Internal Revenue Code
as amended, 53 Stat. 1391; Kentucky Whip & Collar Co. v. Illinois
Central Railroad Co., 299 U. S. 334.
The Chief Justice said:
"The other orders of the Court appear upon the list certified by
the Chief Justice and filed with the Clerk and will not be announced.
orally."
ORDER
It is ordered by this Court that the surviving members, or so many
of them as are willing to serve, of the Advisory Committee ap-
pointed by the orders of the Court dated June 3, 1935, and February

MONDAY, JANUARY 5, 1942
114
17, 1936, pursuant to Section 2 of the Act of June 19, 1934, c. 651, 48
Stat. 1064, are designated as a continuing Advisory Committee to
advise the Court with respect to proposed amendments or additions
to the Rules of Civil Procedure for the District Courts of the United
States.
No., original. Ex parte Stephen Rogalski, petitioner; and
No. -, original. Ex parte Kenneth Gerard, petitioner. The mo-
tions for leave to file petitions for writs of habeas corpus are denied.
No. 108. Identification Devices, Inc., by James M. Rulong, peti-
tioner, v. The United States of America. The motion for leave to
file an amended petition for writ of certiorari is denied.
No. 37. The Cuno Engineering Corporation, petitioner, v. The
Automatic Devices Corporation. It is ordered that the mandate of
this Court in the above-entitled cause on file in the District Court of
the United States for the District of Connecticut be, and the same is
hereby, recalled; and that said mandate be amended so as to give
petitioner recovery for additional costs in the sum of $70.60, being the
expense incurred in furnishing copies of certain patents for inclusion
in the record.
No. 759. Glen Wilkerson, petitioner, v. B. B. Barefoot et al.,
Judges of the Criminal Court of Appeals of the State of Oklahoma.
On petition for writ of certiorari to the Criminal Court of Appeals of
the State of Oklahoma;
No. 776. Bert Wooner, petitioner, v. Milton F. Amrine, Warden
of the Kansas State Penitentiary. On petition for writ of certiorari
to the Supreme Court of the State of Kansas;
No. 784. E. R. Fitzgerald, petitioner, v. The State of Kansas et al.
On petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of the State of
Kansas; and
No. 790. Vincent Mummiani, petitioner, v. The People of the State
of New York; and
No. 791. The People of the State of New York, ex rel. Vincent
Mummiani, petitioner, v. William E. Hunt, as Warden of Attica State
Prison, et al. On petition for writs of certiorari to the Court of Ap-
peals of the State of New York. The motions for leave to proceed
further herein in forma pauperis are denied for the reason that the
Court, upon examination of the papers herein submitted, finds no
ground upon which writs of certiorari should be issued. The petitions
for writs of certiorari are therefore also denied.
No. 635. Everett Ault Evans, alias Everett A. Troglin, alias Dutch
Evans, petitioner, v. The United States of America. On petition for
writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for

MONDAY, JANUARY 5, 1942
115
the Tenth Circuit. The motion for leave to proceed further herein in
forma pauperis is denied for the reason that the Court, upon exam-
ination of the papers herein submitted, finds no ground upon which
a writ of certiorari should be issued. The petition for writ of cer-
tiorari is therefore also denied. Mr. Justice Jackson took no part in
the consideration and decision of these applications.
No. 666. Eugene S. Gates, petitioner, v. The United States of
America; and
No. 779. Eugene S. Gates, petitioner, v. The United States of
America. On petitions for writs of certiorari to the United States Cir-
cuit Court of Appeals for the Tenth Circuit. The motions for leave
to proceed further herein in forma pauperis are denied for the reason
that the Court, upon examination of the papers herein submitted, finds
no ground upon which writs of certiorari should be issued. The peti-
tions for writs of certiorari are therefore also denied. Mr. Justice
Douglas took no part in the consideration and decision of these appli-
cations.
No. 803. Steuart Purcell et al., Constituting the Public Service
Commission of Maryland et al., appellants, v. The United States of
America et al. In this case probable jurisdiction is noted.
No. 757. Prudence Realization Corporation, petitioner, v. A. Joseph
Geist, Trustee. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Circuit Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit granted.
No. 772. Dewey Brillhart, Administrator, etc., petitioner, v. The
Excess Insurance Company of America. Petition for writ of certi-
orari to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Tenth
Circuit granted.
No. 750. Elise N. Milburn, Wife of William Palmer Biles, peti-
tioner, v. Proctor Trust Company et al. Petition for writ of certi-
orari to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Fifth
Circuit denied.
No. 751. William H. Taylor, petitioner, v. Commissioner of Inter-
nal Revenue. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Cir-
cuit Court of Appeals for the Third Circuit denied.
No. 752. Girard Investment Company, petitioner, v. Commissioner
of Internal Revenue. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United
States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Third Circuit denied.
No. 760. Estate of John Sage, deceased, Alfred D. Sage, et al.,
Executors, petitioners, v. Commissioner of Internal Revenue. Peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of
Appeals for the Third Circuit denied.

MONDAY, JANUARY 5, 1942
116
No. 761. Electro Metallurgical Company et al., petitioners, v.
Krupp Nirosta Company, Inc. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Third Circuit denied.
No. 773. Louis Daroca, petitioner, v. Metropolitan Life Insurance
Company et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Circuit Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 762. James M. Leaver, Jr., petitioner, v. Citizens National
Trust and Savings Bank of Riverside et al. Petition for writ of
certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the
Ninth Circuit denied.
No. 777. McLaughlin Land and Livestock Company, petitioner, v.
Bank of America National Trust & Savings Association. Petition for
writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for
the Ninth Circuit denied.
No. 778. Sarah I. McReynolds, petitioner, v. New York Life
Insurance Company. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United
States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Eighth Circuit denied.
No. 797. The State of Missouri, petitioner, v. St. Louis Union Trust
Company, etc., et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme
Court of the State of Missouri denied.
No. 758. North American Bond Trust, City Bank Farmers Trust
Company, Trustee, petitioner, v. Commissioner of Internal Revenue.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of
Appeals for the Second Circuit denied. Mr. Justice Douglas took
no part in the consideration and decision of this application.
No. 763. Frank Fitzgerald, Trustee for Mt. Forest Fur Farms of
America, Inc., petitioner, v. Gulf Refining Company of Louisiana;
No. 764. Frank Fitzgerald, Trustee for Mt. Forest Fur Farms of
America, Inc., petitioner, v. Gulf Refining Company;
No. 765. Frank Fitzgerald, Trustee for Mt. Forest Fur Farms of
America, Inc., petitioner, v. Humble Oil and Refining Company;
No. 766. Frank Fitzgerald, Trustee for Mt. Forest Fur Farms of
America, Inc., petitioner, v. Shell Oil Company, Inc.;
No. 767. Frank Fitzgerald, Trustee for Mt. Forest Fur Farms of
America, Inc., petitioner, v. Freeport Sulphur Company;
No. 768. Frank Fitzgerald, Trustee for Mt. Forest Fur Farms of
America, Inc., petitioner, v. Ernest Cockrell;
No. 769. Frank Fitzgerald, Trustee for Mt. Forest Fur Farms of
America, Inc., petitioner, v. Gulf Refining Company of Louisiana
et al.;
No. 770. Frank Fitzgerald, Trustee for Mt. Forest Fur Farms of
America, Inc., petitioner, v. Ernest Cockrell, his curator ad hoc, Bruce
Nunez, et al.; and

MONDAY, JANUARY 5, 1942
117
No. 771. Frank Fitzgerald, Trustee for Mt. Forest Fur Farms of
America, Inc., petitioner, v. Ernest Cockrell, Sidney L. Herold, et al.
Petition for writs of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court
of Appeals for the Sixth Circuit denied. Mr. Justice Douglas took
no part in the consideration and decision of this application.
No. 663. Mourning Jones, petitioner, v. City of Arcadia, a Munici-
pal Corporation. The motion to reconsider the petition for rehear-
ing is granted. The petition for rehearing is denied.
No. 40. Chrysler Corporation, De Soto Motor Corporation, et al.,
appellants, v. The United States of America. On consideration of
the suggestion of a diminution of the record and motion for a writ of
certiorari in that relation, the motion for a writ of certiorari is denied.
The petition for rehearing and the motion for stay of issuance of
the mandate are also denied.
No. 697. Leon Charles Weiss, petitioner, v. The United States of
America. The petition for rehearing is denied. Mr. Justice Murphy
and Mr. Justice Jackson took no part in the consideration and deci-
sion of this application.
No. 23. The United States of America, as Guardian of the Indians.
of the Tribe of Hualpai, etc., petitioner, v. Santa Fe Pacific Railroad
Company;
No. 46. E. V. Parker, Deputy Commissioner, United States Em-
ployees' Compensation Commission, petitioner, v. Motor Boat Sales,
Incorporated;
No. 48. Louis H. Pink, Superintendent of Insurance of the State
of New York, petitioner, v. A. A. A. Highway Express, Inc., et al.;
No. 295. Joseph N. Weber, as President of the American Federa-
tion of Musicians, et al., petitioners, v. Opera on Tour, Inc.;
No. 719. Douglas Van Horne, petitioner, v. Frank T. Hines, as
Administrator of Veterans Affairs; and
No. 785. Joseph R. Mickens, petitioner, v. Commonwealth of
Virginia. The petitions for rehearing are denied.
Mr. Justice Roberts took no part in the consideration and decision
of the cases appearing upon this list in which judgments or orders are
this day announced.
No. 281. National Labor Relations Board, petitioner, v. Sparks-
Withington Company and United Cooperative Society of Jackson,
Inc. On writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of
Appeals for the Sixth Circuit. Dismissed on motion of counsel for
the petitioner.

MONDAY, JANUARY 5, 1942
118
No. 67. Southport Petroleum Company, petitioner, v. National
Labor Relations Board. Argued by Mr. Harry Dow for the peti-
tioner and by Mr. Robert B. Watts for the respondent.
No. 101. James H. Halliday, a person non compos mentis, by his
Committee, Annie Halliday, petitioner, v. The United States of
America. Argument commenced by Mr. R. K. Wise for the peti-
tioner; continued by Mr. Warren E. Miller for the petitioner; by
Mr. Wilbur C. Pickett for the respondent; and concluded by Mr.
R. K. Wise for the petitioner.
Adjourned until tomorrow at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Tuesday, January 6, will be as follows: Nos. 112,
1023, October Term, 1940, 131 (and 132), 139, 151, 161, 206, 229,
124, and 142.
☑

TUESDAY, JANUARY 6, 1942
119
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: The Chief Justice, Mr. Justice Black, Mr. Justice Reed,
Mr. Justice Frankfurter, Mr. Justice Douglas, Mr. Justice Murphy,
Mr. Justice Byrnes, and Mr. Justice Jackson.
Guy W. Knight, of Philadelphia, Pa.; William F. Zearfaus, of
Philadelphia, Pa.; Harry C. Page, of Scarsdale, N. Y.; Samuel L.
Winters, of Omaha, Nebr.; Frank L. Nevius, of Springfield, Ohio;
Eugene A. Nevius, of Springfield, Ohio; Jerome A. Nevius, of Spring-
field, Ohio; and Ben Anderson, of Portland, Oreg., were admitted to
practice.
No. 112. C. L. Williams, Individually, etc., et al., petitioners, v.
Jacksonville Terminal Company. Argued by Mr. Frank F. L'Engle
for the petitioner; by Mr. Robert L. Stern for the Administrator of
the Wage and Hour Division, United States Department of Labor, as
amicus curiae, by special leave of Court; and by Mr. John Dickinson
for the respondent.
No. 1023, October Term, 1940. A. J. Pickett, General Chairman of
the Brotherhood of Railway and Steamship Clerks, etc., petitioner, v.
The Union Terminal Company. Argument commenced by Mr.
Charles M. Hay for the petitioner and continued by Mr. Robert G.
Payne for the respondent.
Adjourned until tomorrow at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Wednesday, January 7, will be as follows: Nos.
1023, October Term, 1940, 131 (and 132), 139, 151, 161, 206, 229,
124, 142, and 901, October Term, 1940.
420417-42—- -39
☑

WEDNESDAY, JANUARY 7, 1942
120
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: The Chief Justice, Mr. Justice Black, Mr. Justice Reed,
Mr. Justice Frankfurter, Mr. Justice Douglas, Mr. Justice Murphy,
Mr. Justice Byrnes, and Mr. Justice Jackson.
Jay Bowerman, of Portland, Oreg.; Newell S. Boardman, of Madi-
son, Wis.; John W. Giesecke, of St. Louis, Mo.; Arnot L. Sheppard,
of St. Louis, Mo.; Frank J. Comfort, of Des Moines, Iowa; Jesse
Slingluff, Jr., of Baltimore, Md.; Samuel Platt, of Reno, Nev.; John
P. Tarbox, of Columbia, S. C.; Joseph G. Cooper, of Washington,
D. C.; S. Thomas Simon, of New York City; William F. Kenney, of
Houston, Tex.; and Harold C. Ackert, of St. Louis, Mo., were admitted
to practice.
No. 1023, October Term, 1940. A. J. Pickett, General Chairman of
the Brotherhood of Railway and Steamship Clerks, etc., petitioner, v.
The Union Terminal Company. Argument continued by Mr. John
Dickinson for the respondent and concluded by Mr. Charles M. Hay
for the petitioner.
No. 131. The United States of America, petitioner, v. Local 807 of
International Brotherhood of Teamsters, etc., et al.; and
No. 132. Local 807 of International Brotherhood of Teamsters,
etc., et al., petitioners, v. The United States of America. Argued by
Mr. Assistant Attorney General Arnold for the United States and
by Mr. Louis B. Boudin for Local 807 of International Brotherhood
of Teamsters, etc., et al., and case submitted by Mr. John D. C. Murray
for William Campbell et al.
No. 139. Charles M. Thomson, Trustee, etc., et al., petitioners, v.
Barney E. Gaskill et al. Argument commenced by Mr. Wymer
Dressler for the petitioners and continued by Mr. S. L. Winters for
the respondents, and by Mr. Wilfred M. McFarland for the
petitioners.
Adjourned until tomorrow at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Thursday, January 8, will be as follows: Nos. 139,
151, 161, 206, 229, 124, 142, 901, October Term, 1940, 527, and
149.
Х
420417-42――40

THURSDAY, JANUARY 8, 1942
121
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: The Chief Justice, Mr. Justice Black, Mr. Justice Reed,
Mr. Justice Frankfurter, Mr. Justice Douglas, Mr. Justice Murphy,
Mr. Justice Byrnes, and Mr. Justice Jackson.
LeRoy Marceau, of Warren, Ohio; Erasmo R. Cruz, of Bocaue,
P. I.; Harold F. Lindley, of Danville, Ill.; William H. Collier, of
Dallas, Tex.; and Elbert R. Gilliom, of Indianapolis, Ind., were ad-
mitted to practice.
No. 139. Charles M. Thomson, Trustee, etc., et al., petitioners, v.
Barney E. Gaskill et al. Argument continued by Mr. Wilfred M.
McFarland for the petitioners and concluded by Mr. S. L. Winters
for the respondent.
No. 151. The United States of America, petitioner, v. Joliet &
Chicago Railroad Company. Argued by Mr. Arnold Raum for the
petition and by Mr. Arthur D. Welton, Jr., for the respondent.
No. 161. Clarence A. Stewart, Administrator, etc., petitioner, v.
Southern Railway Company. Argument commenced by Mr. William
H. Allen for the petitioner; continued by Mr. Charles M. Hay for
the petitioner and by Mr. Sidney S. Alderman for the respondent;
and concluded by Mr. William H. Allen for the petitioner.
Adjourned until tomorrow at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Friday, January 9, will be as follows: Nos. 206,
229, 124, 142, 901, October Term, 1940, 527, 149, 128 (and 129),
328, and 286.
420417 42 41
☑

FRIDAY, JANUARY 9, 1942
122
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present The Chief Justice, Mr. Justice Black, Mr. Justice Reed,
Mr. Justice Frankfurter, Mr. Justice Douglas, Mr. Justice Murphy,
Mr. Justice Byrnes, and Mr. Justice Jackson.
Benton L. Britnell, of Decatur, Ala.; Clair A. Davis, of St. Peters-
burg, Fla.; and Bernard A. Golding, of Houston, Tex., were admitted
to practice.
No. 206. D'Oench, Duhme & Co., Inc., petitioner, v. Federal
Deposit Insurance Corporation. Argument commenced by Mr. John
W. Giesecke for the petitioner; continued by Mr. Harold C. Ackert
for the petitioner and by Mr. Assistant Attorney General Shea for the
respondent; and concluded by Mr. John W. Giesecke for the petitioner.
No. 229. Elizabeth Wright and Charles C. Wright, petitioners, v.
Gusto Logan, Harriet Logan Sawyer and Exia Logan Reese. Argued
by Mr. Elmer McClain for the petitioners and by Mr. Harold F.
Lindley for the respondents.
No. 124. Hotel & Restaurant Employee's International Alliance,
Local No. 122, et al., petitioners, 2. Wisconsin Employment Relations
Board et al. Argument commenced by Mr. I. E. Goldberg for the
petitioners.
Adjourned until Monday, next, at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Monday, January 12, will be as follows: Nos. 124,
142, 901, October Term, 1940, 527, 149, 744 (and 783), 128 (and
129), 328, 286, and 503.
420417-42- 42

MONDAY, JANUARY 12, 1942
123
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: The Chief Justice, Mr. Justice Black, Mr. Justice Reed,
Mr. Justice Frankfurter, Mr. Justice Douglas, Mr. Justice Murphy,
Mr. Justice Byrnes, and Mr. Justice Jackson.
Margaret H. Brass, of Connellsville, Pa.; Hibbard Richter, of
Boston, Mass.; Robert Mack David, of Chicago, Ill.; Harold Lypski
Lipton, of Chicago, Ill.; James Woodall Rodgers, of Dallas, Tex.;
Hyman N. Roth, of Orlando, Fla.; John F. Newcomb, of Athens,
Ohio; William Z. Kerr, of Seattle, Wash.; Joseph Apfel, of New
York City; Arthur Steinberg, of New York City; George E. C.
Hayes, of Washington, D. C.; and William McKinley Gleeson, of
Chicago, Ill., were admitted to practice.
No. 63. Thomas W. White et al., Former Collectors of Internal
Revenue etc., petitioners, v. Winchester Country Club. On writ of
certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the
First Circuit. Judgment reversed with costs and cause remanded
to the District Court of the United States for the District of Massa-
chusetts for further proceedings in conformity with the opinion of
this Court. Opinion by Mr. Justice Jackson. Mr. Justice Roberts
took no part in the decision of this case.
No. 83. Merion Cricket Club, petitioner, v. The United States of
America. On writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court
of Appeals for the Third Circuit. Judgment affirmed and cause
remanded to the District Court of the United States for the Eastern
District of Pennsylvania. Opinion by Mr. Justice Jackson. Mr.
Justice Roberts took no part in the decision of this case.
No. 110. The Alton Railroad Company, The Atchison, Topeka,
and Sante Fe Railway Company, et al., appellants, v. The United
States of America et al.; and
No. 267. The United States of America et al., appellants, v. The
Alton Railroad Company et al. Appeals from the District Court
of the United States for the Eastern District of Michigan. Judg-
ment affirmed. Opinion by Mr. Justice Douglas. Mr. Justice Roberts
did not participate in the consideration or decision of this cause.
No., original. Ex parte State of Texas et al., petitioners. Mo-
tion for leave to file petition for writ of mandamus denied and rule
to show cause discharged. Opinion by Mr. Justice Frankfurter.
Mr. Justice Roberts heard the argument and agreed to the above
420417-42- -43

MONDAY, JANUARY 12, 1942
124
disposition of the case, but through absence was unable to join in
the opinion. Mr. Justice Black, Mr. Justice Douglas, and Mr. Justice
Murphy concur in the result.
No. 78. Barker Duncan, petitioner, v. Guy A. Thompson, Trustee
of Missouri Pacific Railroad Company. On writ of certiorari to
the Springfield Court of Appeals of the State of Missouri. Judg-
ment reversed with costs and cause remanded to the said Court of
Appeals for further proceedings not inconsistent with the opinion
of this Court. Opinion by Mr. Justice Black. Mr. Justice Roberts
took no part in the consideration or decision of this case.
No. 70. Ira Taylor, appellant, v. The State of Georgia. Appeal
from the Supreme Court of the State of Georgia. Judgment re-
versed with costs and cause remanded to the said Supreme Court
for further proceedings not inconsistent with the opinion of this
Court. Opinion by Mr. Justice Byrnes announced by the Chief
Justice. Mr. Justice Roberts took no part in the decision of this
case.
The Chief Justice said:
"The orders of the Court appear upon the list certified by the Chief
Justice and filed with the Clerk and will not be announced orally."
No. 803. Steuart Purcell et al., Constituting the Public Service
Commission of Maryland et al., appellants, v. The United States of
America et al. This case is advanced and assigned for argument on
Monday, February 9, next.
No. 108. Identification Devices, Inc., by James M. Rulong, peti-
tioner, v. The United States of America. The motion for leave to file
an amended petition for appeal to the United States Court of Appeals
for the District of Columbia is denied.
No. 787. W. Leamon Ralston, petitioner, v. Charles H. Cox, United
States Marshal. On petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Circuit Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit;
No. 788. Joseph Shotkin and Bernard Shotkin, petitioners, v. John
M. Beidler, Morris Drob et al. On petition for writ of certiorari to
the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Third Circuit;
No. 793. J. W. Barwick, petitioner, v. Columbus Roberts, as Com-
missioner of Agriculture of the State of Georgia, et al. On petition
for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of the State of Georgia;
No. 796. James E. Jackson, petitioner, v. Joseph O'Grady, Warden,
etc. On petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of the
State of Nebraska; and
No. 804. Caroline White, petitioner, v. City of Harrisburg. On
petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of the Common-

MONDAY, JANUARY 12, 1942
125
wealth of Pennsylvania. The motions for leave to proceed further
herein in forma pauperis are denied for the reason that the Court,
upon examination of the papers herein submitted, finds no ground upon
which writs of certiorari should be issued. The petitions for writs of
certiorari are therefore also denied.
No. 782. Jack T. Skinner, petitioner, v. The State of Oklahoma,
ex rel. Mac Q. Williamson, Attorney General of the State of Oklahoma.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of the State of
Oklahoma granted.
No. 814. The State Tax Commission of Utah, petitioner, v. Malcolm
P. Aldrich et al., etc. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme
Court of the State of Utah granted.
No. 775. Wilmington Trust Company, Executor, etc., petitioner, v.
Guy T. Helvering, Commissioner of Internal Revenue. Petition for
writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the
Third Circuit granted, limited to the question whether the Circuit
Court of Appeals should have set aside the findings of the Board of
Tax Appeals relating to question 1 (a) of the petition for writ of
certiorari.
No. 98. John J. Oughton, Charles T. Oughton, et al., etc., peti-
tioners, v. National Labor Relations Board; and
No. 170. Thomas Gibbs, Catherine V. Kilmartin, et al., etc., peti-
tioners, v. National Labor Relations Board et al. Petitions for writs
of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the
Third Circuit denied.
No. 733. Joseph Friedman, petitioner, v. The United States of
America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Cir-
cuit Court of Appeals for the Third Circuit denied. Mr. Justice
Jackson took no part in the consideration and decision of this appli-
cation.
No. 781. Royal Indemnity Company, petitioner, v. The United
States of America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Circuit Court of Appeals for the Sixth Circuit denied. Mr. Justice
Jackson took no part in the consideration and decision of this applica-
tion.
No. 792. Sallie Essary, Executrix, etc., petitioner, v. Frank O.
Lowden et al., Trustees etc., et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to
the Supreme Court of the State of Oklahoma denied. Mr. Justice
Black is of opinion that the petition should be granted.
No. -, original. Ex parte George Acret, petitioner. The petition
for rehearing is denied. The motion for leave to file a supplemental
or amended petition for writ of mandamus is also denied.

MONDAY, JANUARY 12, 1942
126
No. 257. Minnesota Mining & Manufacturing Company, petitioner,
v. Conway P. Coe, Commissioner of Patents;
No. 258. Minnesota Mining & Manufacturing Company, petitioner,
v. Conway P. Coe, Commissioner of Patents; and
No. 259. Minnesota Mining & Manufacturing Company, petitioner,
v. Conway P. Coe, Commissioner of Patents. Petition for rehearing
denied. Mr. Justice Jackson took no part in the consideration and
decision of this application.
No. 659. Moloney Electric Company, petitioner, v. Guy T. Helver-
ing, Commissioner of Internal Revenue; and
No. 660. Moloney Electric Company, petitioner, v. Guy T. Helver-
ing, Commissioner of Internal Revenue. Petition for rehearing
denied.
Mr. Justice Roberts took no part in the consideration and decision
of the cases appearing upon this list in which orders are this day
announced.
The Court will take a recess from Monday, January 19, until
Monday, February 2, next.
No. 245. Cudahy Packing Company of Louisiana, Ltd., petitioner,
v. Philip B. Fleming, Administrator, etc.;
No. 529. Philip B. Fleming, Administrator, etc., petitioner, v.
Lowell Sun Company;
No. 622. Philip B. Fleming, Administrator, etc., petitioner, v.
A. H. Belo Corporation; and
No. 805. The Cudahy Packing Company, petitioner, v. Philip B.
Fleming, Administrator, etc. Thomas W. Holland, present admin-
istrator of the Wage and Hour Division, United States Department
of Labor, substituted as a party herein in the place and stead of
Philip B. Fleming.
No. 4. Major Raymond Lisenba, petitioner, v. The People of the
State of California; and
No. 5. Major Raymond Lisenba, petitioner, v. The People of the
State of California. Mandates stayed pending consideration and
disposition of petitions for rehearing on motion of Mr. Morris Lavine
for the petitioner.
No. 710. George D. Templeton, on behalf of George Douglas
Templeton, Jr., appellant v. State of California. Time within which

MONDAY, JANUARY 12, 1942
127
to file petition for rehearing extended to and including February 11th
next on motion of Mr. Thos. D. Aitken for the appellant.
No. 184. Gene Buck, Individually, etc., et al., appellants, v. Otto
Case, Individually etc., et al. Motion of appellee Lockhart to rein-
state case on the calendar submitted by John G. Lockhart pro se.
No. 184. Gene Buck, Individually, etc., et al., appellants, v. Otto
Case, Individually etc., et al. Motion to dismiss submitted by Mr.
Louis D. Frohlich and Mr. Herman Finkelstein for the appellants.
No. 186. City of Texarkana, Texas, petitioner, v. Arkansas Loui-
siana Gas Company. Stipulation to dismiss and remand presented.
No. 124. Hotel & Restaurant Employee's International Alliance,
Local No. 122 et al., petitioners v. Wisconsin Employment Relations
Board et al. Argument continued by Mr. Joseph A. Padway for the
petitioners; by Mr. N. S. Boardman and Mr. Herman M. Knoeller for
the respondents; and concluded by Mr. Joseph A. Padway for the
petitioners.
No. 142. Columbia River Packers Association, Inc., petitioner, v.
H. B. Hinton et al. Argument commenced by Mr. Jay Bowerman for
the petitioner and continued by Mr. Ben Anderson for the respondents
and by Mr. Ralph E. Moody for the petitioner.
Adjourned until tomorrow at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Tuesday, January 13, will be as follows: Nos. 142,
901, October Term, 1940, 527, 149, 744 (and 783), 286, 328, 128
(and 129), 503, and 154 (155 and 156).
Х

TUESDAY, JANUARY 13, 1942
128
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: The Chief Justice, Mr. Justice Black, Mr. Justice Reed,
Mr. Justice Frankfurter, Mr. Justice Douglas, Mr. Justice Murphy,
Mr. Justice Byrnes, and Mr. Justice Jackson.
Samuel J. Cohen, of Albany, N. Y.; Harold A. Lockhart, of
Kansas City, Mo.; I. Stanley Rosenthal, of Brooklyn, N. Y.; Charles
I. Schottland, of Los Angeles, Calif.; John A. Russell, of Chicago,
Ill.; Roy E. Raney, of Columbus, Ohio; and Harry Elmer Fake,
of Washington, D. C., were admitted to practice.
No. 142. Columbia River Packers Association, Inc., petitioner, v.
H. B. Hinton et al. Argument concluded by Mr. Ralph E. Moody
for the petitioner.
No. 901, October Term, 1940. Bakery and Pastry Drivers and
Helpers Local 802 of the International Brotherhood of Teamsters
et al., petitioners, v. Hyman Wohl and Louis Platzman. Argued
by Mr. Edward C. Maguire for the petitioners and by Mr. Arthur
Steinberg for the respondents.
No. 527. Carpenters and Joiners Union of America, Local No. 213,
et al., petitioners, v. Ritter's Cafe et al. Argued by Mr. Sewall
Myer and Mr. Joseph A. Padway for the petitioners and by Mr.
Bernard A. Golding for the respondent.
No. 149. Great Northern Railway Company, petitioner, v. The
United States of America. Argument commenced by Mr. F. G.
Dorety for the petitioner.
Adjourned until tomorrow at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Wednesday, January 14, will be as follows: Nos.
149, 744 (and 783), 286, 328, 128 (and 129), 503, 154 (155 and
156), 197, 210, and 238 (and 251).
420417-42-44
☑

WEDNESDAY, JANUARY 14, 1942
129
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: The Chief Justice, Mr. Justice Black, Mr. Justice Reed,
Mr. Justice Frankfurter, Mr. Justice Douglas, Mr. Justice Murphy,
Mr. Justice Byrnes, and Mr. Justice Jackson.
Wm. B. Carssow, of Austin, Tex.; Margaret H. McMahon, of
Danbury, Conn.; Fred Simon, of Shreveport, La.; E. C. Gathings,
of West Memphis, Ark.; Temple W. Seay, of Lynchburg, Va.; Her-
bert Resner, of San Francisco, Calif.; Hugh D. McLellan, of Boston,
Mass.; John J. Quinn, of Red Bank, N. J.; John Felton Turner, of
Oakland, Calif.; John T. Sapienza, of Washington, D. C.: and
Genevieve E. Fredsall, of Minneapolis, Minn., were admitted to
practice.
No. 149. Great Northern Railway Company. petitioner. v. The
United States of America. Argument continued by Mr. F. G. Dorety
for the petitioner; by Mr. Vernon L. Wilkinson for the respondent;
and concluded by Mr. F. G. Dorety for the petitioner.
No. 744. The United States of America, petitioner, v. Wrightwood
Dairy Company; and
No. 783. Wrightwood Dairy Company, petitioner, v. The United
States of America. Argued by Mr. John S. L. Yost for the United
States and by Mr. Alvin E. Stein for Wrightwood Dairy Company.
No. 286. Guy T. Helvering, Commissioner of Internal Revenue,
petitioner, v. Southwest Consolidated Corporation. Argument com-
menced by Mr. Assistant Attorney General Clark for the petitioner.
Adjourned until tomorrow at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Thursday, January 15, will be as follows: Nos.
286, 328, 128 (and 129), 503, 154 (155 and 156), 197, 210, and
238 (and 251).
420417-42--45

THURSDAY, JANUARY 15, 1942
130
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: The Chief Justice, Mr. Justice Black, Mr. Justice Reed,
Mr. Justice Frankfurter, Mr. Justice Douglas, Mr. Justice Murphy,
Mr. Justice Byrnes, and Mr. Justice Jackson.
Francis R. Curran, of Wappingers Falls, N. Y.; William T.
Thurman, of Atlanta, Ga.; William Gerard Ryan, of New York
City; William J. Samford, of Opelika, Ala.; Max M. Marston, of
Detroit, Mich.; Henry E. Rice, of Detroit, Mich.; and Frank
Schwartz, of Pittsburgh, Pa., were admitted to practice.
No. 286. Guy T. Helvering, Commissioner of Internal Revenue,
petitioner, v. Southwest Consolidated Corporation. Argument con-
tinued by Mr. Assistant Attorney General Clark for the petitioner;
by Mr. A. Chauncey Newlin for the respondent; and concluded by
Mr. Assistant Attorney General Clark for the petitioner.
No. 328. Guy T. Helvering, Commissioner of Internal Revenue.
petitioner, v. Alabama Asphaltic Limestone Company. Argued by
Mr. Assistant Attorney General Clark for the petitioner and by Mr.
J. A. O'Callaghan for the respondent.
No. 128. Bondholders Committee, Marlborough Investment Com-
pany, First Mortgage Bonds, petitioner, v. Commissioner of Internal
Revenue; and
No. 129. Marlborough House, Inc., petitioner, v. Commissioner of
Internal Revenue. Argued by Mr. William Z. Kerr for the petitioners
and by Mr. Assistant Attorney General Clark for the respondent.
No. 503. Palm Springs Holding Corporation, petitioner, v. Com-
missioner of Internal Revenue. Argued by Mr. John E. Hughes for
the petitioner and by Mr. Assistant Attorney General Clark for the
respondent.
No. 154. Exhibit Supply Company, petitioner, v. Ace Patents
Corporation;
No. 155. Genco, Inc., petitioner, v. Ace Patents Corporation; and
No. 156. Chicago Coin Machine Company, petitioner, v. Ace Pat-
ents Corporation. Argument commenced by Mr. John H. Suther-
land for the petitioners and continued by Mr. Casper W. Ooms for
the respondent.
Adjorned until tomorrow at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Friday, January 16, will be as follows: Nos. 154
(155 and 156), 197, 210, and 238 (and 251).
☑
420417-42- 46

FRIDAY, JANUARY 16, 1942
131
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: The Chief Justice, Mr. Justice Black, Mr. Justice Reed,
Mr. Justice Frankfurter, Mr. Justice Douglas, Mr. Justice Byrnes, and
Mr. Justice Jackson.
Joseph A. Avery, of South Bend, Ind.; Irving H. Green, of Minne-
apolis, Minn.; Sol Andrews, of Chicago, Ill.; Wm. H. Gross, of De-
troit, Mich.; Winston B. McCall, of Birmingham, Ala.; Melber Cham-
bers, of New York City; Ben. C. Duniway, of San Francisco, Calif.;
and Reuben R. McCormack, of Arkansas City, Kans., were admitted
to practice.
No. 154. Exhibit Supply Company, petitioner, v. Ace Patents
Corporation;
No. 155. Genco, Inc., petitioner, v. Ace Patents Corporation; and
No. 156. Chicago Coin Machine Company, petitioner, v. Ace Pat-
ents Corporation. Argument continued by Mr. Casper W. Ooms for
the respondent and concluded by Mr. John H. Sutherland for the
petitioners.
No. 197. The United States of America and Interstate Commerce
Commission, appellants, v. Carolina Freight Carriers Corporation.
Argued by Mr. J. Stanley Payne for appellant, Interstate Commerce
Commission; and by Mr. Wilmer Hill for the appellee, and case sub-
mitted by Mr. Solicitor General Fahy, Mr. Assistant Attorney General
Arnold, Mr. Frank Coleman, and Mr. Smith R. Brittingham, Jr., for
appellant, The United States.
No. 210. Howard Hall Company, Inc., appellant, v. The United
States of America and Interstate Commerce Commission. Argument
commenced by Mr. Allan Watkins for the appellant and continued by
Mr. Nelson Thomas for the appellees.
Adjourned until Monday next at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Monday, January 19, will be as follows: No. 210.
420417-42-47

MONDAY, JANUARY 19, 1942
132
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: The Chief Justice, Mr. Justice Black, Mr. Justice Reed,
Mr. Justice Frankfurter, Mr. Justice Douglas, Mr. Justice Murphy,
Mr. Justice Byrnes, and Mr. Justice Jackson.
Neill Reed, of Blytheville, Ark.; Geo. H. West, of Kansas City,
Kans.; J. Donald Coffin, of Council Grove, Kans.; Joseph H. Mc-
Dowell, of Kansas City, Kans.; Harold H. Harding, of Kansas City,
Kans.; Albert C. Theis, of St. Louis, Mo.; Wilbur E. Dow, Jr., of
New York City; Paul D. Taggart, of Silver Spring, Md.; Harry
Richard Smalkin, of Towson, Md.; William Hoffenberg, of Balti-
more, Md.; Max Sokol, of Baltimore, Md.; Carlos Lindner Israels,
of New York City; Samuel S. Smalkin, of Baltimore, Md.; J. Rex
Dibble, of Los Angeles, Calif.; Maurice Jacob Hindin, of Los An-
geles, Calif.; Olive Virginia King, of Washington, D. C.; John A.
Wilson, of New York City; George Foster Longsdorf, of Oakland,
Calif.; and Frank A. Berry, of Nashville, Tenn., were admitted to
practice.
No. 67. Southport Petroleum Company, petitioner, v. National
Labor Relations Board. On writ of certiorari to the United States
Circuit Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit. Judgment affirmed
and cause remanded to the said Circuit Court of Appeals. Opinion
by Mr. Justice Jackson. Mr. Justice Roberts took no part in the
consideration or decision of this case. Dissenting opinion by Mr.
Justice Reed in which the Chief Justice concurs.
No. 101. James H. Halliday, a person non compos mentis, by his
committee, Annie Halliday, petitioner, v. The United States of
America. On writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court
of Appeals for the Fourth Circuit. Judgment reversed and cause
remanded to the District Court of the United States for the Western
District of South Carolina for further proceedings in conformity
with the opinion of this Court. Opinion by Mr. Justice Byrnes.
Mr. Justice Roberts and Mr. Justice Jackson took no part in the
consideration or decision of this case.
No. 52. The United States of America and Interstate Commerce
Commission, appellants, v. N. E. Rosenblum Truck Lines, Inc.; and
No. 53. The United States of America and Interstate Commerce
Commission, appellants, v. J. B. Margolies, an individual doing busi-
420417-42- -48

MONDAY, JANUARY 19, 1942
133
ness as Manhattan Truck Lines. Appeals from the District Court of
the United States for the Eastern District of Missouri. Judgments
reversed and cases remanded to the said District Court for further
proceedings in conformity with the opinion of this Court. Opinion
by Mr. Justice Murphy. Mr. Justice Roberts took no part in the con-
sideration or decision of these cases.
No. 322. Pete Lubetich, an individual doing business as Pacific
Refrigerated Motor Line, appellant, v. The United States of America
and Interstate Commerce Commission. Appeal from the District
Court of the United States for the Western District of Washington.
Judgment affirmed. Opinion by Mr. Justice Murphy. Mr. Justice
Roberts took no part in the consideration or decision of this case.
No. 30. Daniel D. Glasser, petitioner, v. The United States of
America;
No. 31. Norton I. Kretske, petitioner, v. The United States of
America; and
No. 32. Alfred E. Roth, petitioner, v. The United States of Amer-
ica. On writs of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of
Appeals for the Seventh Circuit. In No. 30, conviction of Glasser
set aside and cause as to him remanded to the District Court of the
United States for the Northern District of Illinois for a new trial.
In Nos. 31 and 32, convictions of Kretske and Roth upheld in all
respects. Opinion by Mr. Justice Murphy. Mr. Justice Jackson took
no part in the consideration or decision of these cases. Dissenting
opinion by Mr. Justice Frankfurter in which the Chief Justice joins.
No. 151. The United States of America, petitioner, v. Joliet &
Chicago Railroad Company. On writ of certiorari to the United.
States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Seventh Circuit. Judgment
of the Circuit Court of Appeals reversed and that of the District
Court affirmed and cause remanded to the District Court of the United
States for the Northern District of Illinois. Opinion by Mr. Justice
Douglas. Mr. Justice Roberts did not participate in the considera-
tion or decision of this case.
The Chief Justice announced the following orders of the Court:
No. 816. The C. H. Musselman Company, appellant, v. George P.
Alderson, State Tax Commissioner of West Virginia. Appeal from
the Circuit Court of Kanawha County, State of West Virginia. Per
curiam: The judgment is affirmed. American Mfg. Co. v. St. Louis,
250 U. S. 459; Aponaug Mfg. Co. v. Stone, No. 626, October Term,
1941, decided October 20, 1941; Dept. of Treasury v. Ingram-Rich-
ardson Mfg. Co., 313 U. S. 252, 254; Brown v. Houston, 114 U. S.
622; McGoldrick v. Berwin-White Co., 309 U. S. 33, 51–53.

MONDAY, JANUARY 19, 1942
134
No. 184. Gene Buck, Individually and as President of the Ameri-
can Society of Composers, Authors and Publishers, et al., appellants,
v. Otto Case, Individually and as State Treasurer of Washington,
et al. Appeal from the District Court of the United States for the
Western District of Washington. Per curiam: The motion of ap-
pellee Lockhart to reinstate this case on the calendar is denied. On
consideration of the stipulation of counsel the appeal is dismissed
without costs. Mr. Justice Jackson took no part in the considera-
tion and decision of this case.
No. 186. City of Texarkana, Texas, petitioner, v. Arkansas Loui-
siana Gas Company. On writ of certiorari to the United States
Circuit Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit. Per curiam: On
consideration of the stipulation of the parties the judgment of the
Circuit Court of Appeals is vacated and the cause is remanded to the
District Court with directions to enter appropriate orders. The costs
in this Court are to be paid by the respondent.
The Chief Justice said:
"The other orders of the Court appear upon the list certified by the
Chief Justice and filed with the Clerk and will not be announced
orally,"
-
No.
- original. Ex parte John A. Kennedy, petitioner. The
motion for leave to file petition for writ of habeas corpus is denied.
No. 756. J. L. Stewart, petitioner, v. T. W. Davidson, Judge of
the United States District Court for the Northern District of Texas.
On petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court
of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit. The motion for leave to proceed
further herein in forma pauperis is denied for the reason that the
Court, upon examination of the papers herein submitted, finds no
ground upon which a writ of certiorari should be issued. The peti-
tion for writ of certiorari is, therefore, also denied.
No. 842. Sam Ruben, James Foley, et al., petitioners, v. The United
States of America. On petition for writ of certiorari to the United
States Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia. The motion
for leave to proceed further herein in forma pauperis is denied for
the reason that the Court, upon examination of the papers herein
submitted, finds that the application for writ of certiorari was not
made within the time provided by law. Rule XI of the Criminal
Appeals Rules, 292 U. S. 665–666. The petition for writ of certiorari
is, therefore, also denied.
No. 774. National Labor Relations Board, petitioner, v. Nevada
Consolidated Copper Corporation. Petition for writ of certiorari

MONDAY, JANUARY 19, 1942
135
to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Tenth Circuit
granted.
No. 795. Plow City Steamship Company, Claimant of the Steam-
ship "Plow City," petitioner, v. Texas Gulf Sulphur Company, In-
corporated. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Circuit Court of Appeals for the Third Circuit denied. The Chief
Justice took no part in the consideration and decision of this applica-
tion.
No. 825. Helen T. Schaaf et al., petitioners, v. Eleventh Ward
Building and Loan Association of Newark, New Jersey. Petition
for writ of certiorari to the Court of Errors and Appeals of the
State of New Jersey denied.
Mr. Justice Roberts took no part in the consideration and decision
of the cases appearing upon this list in which judgments or orders
are this day announced.
No. 210. Howard Hall Company, Inc., appellant, v. The United
States of America and Interstate Commerce Commission. Argument
continued by Mr. Nelson Thomas for the appellees and concluded by
Mr. Allan Watkins for the appellant.
Adjourned until Monday, February 2, at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Monday, February 2, will be as follows: Nos. 238
(and 251), 179, 188, 223, 95, 245, 529, 255, 280, and 306.

MONDAY, FEBRUARY 2, 1942
136
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: The Chief Justice, Mr. Justice Roberts, Mr. Justice Black,
Mr. Justice Reed, Mr. Justice Frankfurter, Mr. Justice Douglas,
Mr. Justice Murphy, Mr. Justice Byrnes, and Mr. Justice Jackson.
Russell Morton Brown, of Washington, D. C.; Robert Kramer, of
Washington, D. C.; James B. Frazier, Jr., of Chattanooga, Tenn.;
Archibald Cox, of Boston, Mass.; Ernest A. Gross, of New York
City; Dolly Lee Butler, of Atlanta, Ga.; Donald R. Rankin, of
Richmond, Ind.; Leon Jaworski, of Houston, Tex.; Frank W. Bruce,
of Tuscaloosa, Ala.; Max M. Librach, of St. Louis, Mo.; David R.
Boatright, of Fort Smith, Ark.; Lemuel Campbell Bryan, of Fort
Smith, Ark.; Lawrence E. Brown, of Detroit, Mich.; G. Van Velsor
Wolf, of Baltimore, Md.; Theodore H. Little, of Ephrata, Wash.;
Clarence M. Mulholland, of Toledo, Ohio; Richard R. McGinnis, of
Evansville, Ind.; Theodore Lockyear, of Evansville, Ind.; Beverly
S. Wilkerson, of Seattle, Wash.; Harold D. Cohen, of Kingston,
N. Y.; A. Bernard Sclove, of Charleston, W. Va.; Eugene W. Test,
of Louisville, Ky.; Milford S. Zimmerman, of Kansas City, Mo.;
and Benjamin M. Brodsky, of Chicago, Ill., were admitted to
practice.
No. 86. Peter Young, alias Young Lup, petitioner, v. The United
States of America. On writ of certiorari to the United States Cir-
cuit Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit. Judgment reversed
and cause remanded to the District Court of the United States for
the Territory of Hawaii, for further proceedings as may be required
in the light of the opinion of this Court. Opinion by Mr. Justice
Murphy. Mr. Justice Roberts and Mr. Justice Jackson took no part
in the consideration or decision of this case.
No. 149. Great Northern Railway Company, petitioner, v. The
United States of America. On writ of certiorari to the United
States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit. Decree
modified as indicated in the opinion of this Court and as so modi-
fied affirmed and cause remanded to the District Court of the United
States for the District of Montana. Opinion by Mr. Justice Murphy.
Mr. Justice Roberts and Mr. Justice Jackson took no part in the
consideration or decision of this case.
No. 328. Guy T. Helvering, Commissioner of Internal Revenue,
petitioner, v. Alabama Asphaltic Limestone Company. On writ of
420417-42–
-49

MONDAY, FEBRUARY 2, 1942
137
certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the
Fifth Circuit. Judgment affirmed and cause remanded to the said
Circuit Court of Appeals. Opinion by Mr. Justice Douglas. Mr.
Justice Roberts did not participate in the consideration or decision
of this case.
No. 503. Palm Springs Holding Corporation, petitioner, v. Com-
missioner of Internal Revenue. On writ of certiorari to the United
States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit. Judgment
reversed and cause remanded to the said Circuit Court of Appeals
for further proceedings in conformity with the opinion of this Court.
Opinion by Mr. Justice Douglas. Mr. Justice Roberts did not par-
ticipate in the consideration or decision of this case.
No. 128. Bondholders Committee, Marlborough Investment Com-
pany, First Mortgage Bonds, petitioner, v. Commissioner of Internal
Revenue; and
No. 129. Marlborough House, Inc., petitioner, v. Commissioner of
Internal Revenue. On writs of certiorari to the United States Cir-
cuit Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit. Judgments affirmed and
cases remanded to the said Circuit Court of Appeals. Opinion by
Mr. Justice Douglas. Mr. Justice Roberts did not participate in the
consideration or decision of this case.
No. 286. Guy T. Helvering, Commissioner of Internal Revenue,
petitioner, v. Southwest Consolidated Corporation. On writ of
certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the
Fifth Circuit. Judgment reversed and cause remanded to the said
Circuit Court of Appeals for further proceedings in conformity
with the opinion of this Court. Opinion by Mr. Justice Douglas.
Mr. Justice Roberts did not participate in the consideration or deci-
sion of this case.
No. 42. The United States of America, petitioner, v. Louis H.
Pink, Superintendent of Insurance of the State of New York, et al.
On writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of the State of New
York. Judgment reversed and cause remanded to the said Supreme
Court for further proceedings not inconsistent with the opinion of
this Court. Opinion by Mr. Justice Douglas. Mr. Justice Reed
and Mr. Justice Jackson did not participate in the consideration
or decision of this case. Separate opinion by Mr. Justice Frank-
furter. Dissenting opinion by Mr. Chief Justice Stone in which
Mr. Justice Roberts joins.
No. 28. Cloverleaf Butter Company, petitioner, v. Haygood Pater-
son, as Commissioner of Agriculture and Industries of the State
of Alabama, et al. On writ of certiorari to the United States Cir-
cuit Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit. Judgment reversed

1.
MONDAY, FEBRUARY 2, 1942
138
with costs and case remanded to the District Court of the United
States for the Middle District of Alabama for further proceedings
in conformity with the opinion of this Court. Opinion by Mr.
Justice Reed. Dissenting opinion by Mr. Chief Justice Stone in
which Mr. Justice Frankfurter, Mr. Justice Murphy, and Mr. Justice
Byrnes join. Dissenting opinion by Mr. Justice Frankfurter.
No. 229. Elizabeth Wright and Charles C. Wright, petitioners, v.
Gusta Logan, Harriet Logan, et al. On writ of certiorari to the
United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Seventh Circuit.
Judgment reversed with costs and cause remanded to the District
Court of the United States for the Eastern District of Illinois for
further proceedings in conformity with the opinion of this Court.
Opinion by Mr. Justice Black. Mr. Justice Roberts took no part
in the consideration or decision of this case.
No. 142. Columbia River Packers Association, Inc., petitioner, v.
H. B. Hinton, George Bambrick, et al. On writ of certiorari to the
United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit. Judg-
ment reversed with costs and cause remanded to the said Circuit
Court of Appeals for further proceedings in conformity with the
opinion of this Court. Opinion by Mr. Justice Black. Mr. Justice
Roberts and Mr. Justice Douglas took no part in the consideration
or decision of this case.
No. 744. The United States of America, petitioner, v. Wrightwood
Dairy Company; and
No. 783. Wrightwood Dairy Company, petitioner, v. The United
States of America. On writ of certiorari to the United States Cir-
cuit Court of Appeals for the Seventh Circuit. Judgments reversed
and cases remanded to the said Circuit Court of Appeals for further
proceedings in conformity with the opinion of this Court. Opinion
by Mr. Chief Justice Stone. Mr. Justice Roberts took no part in the
consideration or decision of these cases.
No. 154. Exhibit Supply Company, petitioner, v. Ace Patents
Corporation;
No. 155. Genco, Inc., petitioner, v. Ace Patents Corporation; and
No. 156. Chicago Coin Machine Company, petitioner, v. Ace Pat-
ents Corporation. On writs of certiorari to the United States Circuit
Court of Appeals for the Seventh Circuit. Decrees modified as
indicated in the opinion of this Court and cases remanded to the
District Court of the United States for the Northern District of
Illinois. Opinion by Mr. Chief Justice Stone. Mr. Justice Roberts
took no part in the consideration or decision of these cases. Dis-
senting opinion by Mr. Justice Black in which Mr. Justice Douglas
concurs.

MONDAY, FEBRUARY 2, 1942
139
The Chief Justice announced the following orders of the Court:
No. 832. Alice Seago, Administratrix of the Estate of William E.
Seago, petitioner, v. The New York Central Railroad Company. On
petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of the State of
Missouri. Per curiam: The petition for writ of certiorari is granted
and the judgment is reversed on the ground that there was sufficient
evidence of negligence for submission to the jury. The case is re-
manded to the Supreme Court of Missouri for its consideration of
other questions presented on the appeal and for further proceedings
not inconsistent with this opinion.
No. 836. Karl Hoblitzelle, appellant, v. City of University Park
et al. Appeal from the Court of Civil Appeals, Fifth Supreme Judi-
cial District, State of Texas. Per curiam: The motions for leave to
file a statement as to jurisdiction and an amended opposition are
granted. The motion to dismiss is granted and the appeal is dis-
missed for the want of jurisdiction. Section 237 (a), Judicial Code,
as amended, 28 U. S. C. sec. 344 (a). Treating the papers whereon
the appeal was allowed as a petition for writ of certiorari as required
by section 237 (c) of the Judicial Code as amended, 28 U. S. C. sec.
344 (c), certiorari is denied.
!
The Chief Justice said:
"The other orders of the Court appear upon the list certified by
the Chief Justice and filed with the Clerk and will not be announced
orally."
No. -, original. Ex parte Edward Casebeer, petitioner. The
motion for leave to file petition for writ of mandamus is denied.
No. —, original. Ex parte Rufo C. Romero, petitioner. The mo-
tion for leave to file petition for writ of habeas corpus is denied
without prejudice to an application to the District Court.
No. 819. Frederick H. Ecker, John W. Stedman, et al., petitioners,
v. Western Pacific Railroad Corporation, et al.; and
No. 820. Crocker First National Bank of San Francisco et al., pe-
titioners, v. Western Pacific Railroad Corporation et al. The motion
of respondent, Irving Trust Co., to defer consideration of the petitions
for writs of certiorari and for an extension of time to file briefs in
opposition is granted.
No. 610. Earl Edward Kent, petitioner, v. Joseph W. Sanford,
Warden, etc.; and
No. 808. William Roy Miller, petitioner, v. The United States of
America. On petitions for writs of certiorari to the United States
Circuit Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit. The motions for
leave to proceed further herein in forma pauperis are denied for

MONDAY, FEBRUARY 2, 1942
140
the reason that the Court, upon examination of the papers herein
submitted, finds no ground upon which writs of certiorari should
be issued. The petitions for writs of certiorari are therefore also
denied.
No. 801. Pat Duggan, petitioner, v. Joseph O'Grady, Warden, etc.
On petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of the State
of Nebraska. Neil Olson, present Warden of the Nebraska State
Penitentiary, substituted as the party respondent in the place and
stead of Joseph O'Grady, resigned, on motion of the petitioner.
The motion for leave to proceed further herein in forma pauperis
is denied for the reason that the Court, upon examination of the
papers herein submitted, finds no ground upon which a writ of
certiorari should be issued. The petition for writ of certiorari is
therefore also denied.
No. 855. The United States of America, appellant, v. The Univis
Lens Company, Inc., et al.; and
No. 856. The Univis Lens Company, Inc., et al., appellants, v. The
United States of America. The motion for leave to file statement as
to jurisdiction in No. 856 is granted. In these cases probable juris-
diction is noted. Mr. Justice Jackson took no part in the considera-
tion and decision of this question.
No. 799. The United States of America, petitioner, v. William R.
Johnson; and
No. 800. The United States of America, petitioner, v. Jack Som-
mers et al. Petition for writs of certiorari to the United States
Circuit Court of Appeals for the Seventh Circuit granted. Mr.
Justice Murphy and Mr. Justice Jackson took no part in the con-
sideration and decision of this application.
No. 810. Frank J. Boehm, petitioner, v. The United States of
America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit
Court of Appeals for the Eighth Circuit denied. Mr. Justice Douglas,
Mr. Justice Murphy, and Mr. Justice Jackson took no part in the
consideration and decision of this application.
No. 813. William R. Skidmore, petitioner, v. The United States
of America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Cir-
cuit Court of Appeals for the Seventh Circuit denied. Mr. Justice
Murphy and Mr. Justice Jackson took no part in the consideration and
decision of this application.
No. 786. Milton Roe Sabin and Bertha Florence Sabin, petitioners,
v. Home Owners' Loan Corporation. The motion to proceed on type-
written papers is granted. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
Supreme Court of the State of Oklahoma denied.
No. 806. Paul E. Manheim, as a committee, et al., petitioners, v.
Van S. Merle-Smith et al.; and

MONDAY, FEBRUARY 2, 1942
141
No. 811. Solomon G. Salomon, petitioner, v. Van S. Merle-Smith
et al. Petitions for writs of certiorari to the United States Circuit
Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit denied.
No. 807. Sol Feinberg, petitioner, v. The United States of America.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of
Appeals for the Seventh Circuit denied.
No. 812. Christian Corporation, petitioner, v. Commonwealth of
Virginia and the City of Richmond. Petition for writ of certiorari
to the Supreme Court of Appeals of the Commonwealth of Virginia
denied.
No. 4. Major Raymond Lisenba, petitioner, v. The People of the
State of California; and
No. 5. Major Raymond Lisenba, petitioner, v. The People of the
State of California;
No. 143. The Board of Trade of Kansas City, Mo., et al., appel-
lants, v. The United States of America et al.; and
No. 618. Julian W. Fretwell, petitioner, v. Peoples Service Drug
Stores, Inc. Petitions for rehearing in these cases denied.
No. 54. The United States of America, petitioner, v. James M.
Ragen;
No. 55. The United States of America, petitioner, v. Arnold W.
Kruse; and
No. 56. The United States of America, petitioner, v. Lester A.
Kruse. Petitions for rehearing denied. Mr. Justice Roberts, Mr.
Justice Murphy and Mr. Justice Jackson took no part in the con-
sideration and decision of these applications.
No. 49. Morton Salt Company, petitioner, v. The G. S. Suppiger
Company;
No. 763. Frank Fitzgerald, Trustee, etc., petitioner, v. Gulf Re-
fining Company of Louisiana;
No. 764. Frank Fitzgerald, Trustee, etc., petitioner, v. Gulf Re-
fining Company;
No. 765. Frank Fitzgerald, Trustee, etc., petitioner, v. Humble
Oil and Refining Company;
No. 766. Frank Fitzgerald, Trustee, etc., petitioner, v. Shell Oil
Company, Inc.;
No. 767. Frank Fitzgerald, Trustee, etc., petitioner, v. Freeport
Sulphur Company;
No. 768. Frank Fitzgerald, Trustee, etc., petitioner, v. Ernest
Cockrell;
No. 769. Frank Fitzgerald, Trustee, etc., petitioner, v. Gulf Re-
fining Company of Louisiana et al.;

MONDAY, FEBRUARY 2, 1942
142
No. 770. Frank Fitzgerald, Trustee, etc., petitioner, v. Ernest
Cockrell, his curator ad hoc, Bruce Nunez, et al.; and
No. 771. Frank Fitzgerald, Trustee, etc., petitioner, v. Ernest Cock-
rell, Sidney L. Herold, et al. Petitions for rehearing denied. Mr.
Justice Roberts took no part in the consideration and decision of
these applications.
No. 875. Group of Institutional Investors and Mutual Savings
Bank Group, petitioners, v. Chicago, Milwaukee, St. Paul & Pacific
Railroad Co.;
No. 876. Group of Institutional Investors and Mutual Savings
Bank Group, petitioners, v. Union Trust Co. et al.;
No. 877. Group of Institutional Investors and Mutual Savings
Bank Group, petitioners, v. Israel A. Abrams et al.;
No. 878. Group of Institutional Investors and Mutual Savings
Bank Group, petitioners, v. H. C. Orton et al., etc.;
No. 879. Group of Institutional Investors and Mutual Savings
Bank Group, petitioners, v. Guaranty Trust Co. of New York et al.,
etc.;
No. 880. Group of Institutional Investors and Mutual Savings
Bank Group, petitioners, v. Chicago, Terre Haute & Southeastern Ry.
Co. et al.;
No. 881. Group of Institutional Investors and Mutual Savings
Bank Group, petitioners, v. United States Trust Co. of New York, as
Trustee, etc.;
No. 882. Group of Institutional Investors and Mutual Savings
Bank Group, petitioners, v. Trustees of Princeton University et al.,
etc.; and
No. 883. Group of Institutional Investors and Mutual Savings
Bank Group, petitioners, v. E. Stanely Glines et al., etc. Time within
which to file briefs in opposition to petition for writs of certiorari
extended to March 4 next on motion of counsel for the respondents.
No. 277. John P. Dinan and Michael T. Dinan, petitioners, v.
First National Bank-Detroit. On writ of certiorari to the United
States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Sixth Circuit. Dismissed on
motion of counsel for the petitioners.
No. 238. The United States of America, petitioner, v. State of
New York; and
No. 251. State of New York, petitioner, v. The United States of
America. Argued by Mr. J. Louis Monarch for the United States
and by Mr. William Gerard Ryan for the State of New York.

MONDAY, FEBRUARY 2, 1942
143
No. 179. Alexander MacGregor, Jr., Executor, etc., petitioner, v.
State Mutual Life Assurance Company of Worcester, Massachusetts.
Argument commenced by Mr. William B. Giles for the petitioner and
continued by Mr. William Marshall Bullitt for the respondent.
Adjourned until tomorrow at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Tuesday, February 3d, will be as follows: Nos.
179, 188, 223, 95, 245, 529, 255, 280, 306, and 962, October Term,
1940 (963, October Term, 1940, and 980, October Term, 1940).
☑

TUESDAY, FEBRUARY 3, 1942
144
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: The Chief Justice, Mr. Justice Roberts, Mr. Justice Black,
Mr. Justice Reed, Mr. Justice Frankfurter, Mr. Justice Douglas,
Mr. Justice Murphy, Mr. Justice Byrnes, and Mr. Justice Jackson.
Paul W. Steer, of Cincinnati, Ohio; Bert. E. Johnson, of Tulsa,
Okla.; Thomas Walsh, of St. Paul, Minn.; Frank Goldman, of Low-
ell, Mass.; Stephen C. Hartel, of New Orleans, La.; Leopold Stahl,
of New Orleans, La.; Ward Kremer, of Asbury Park, N. J.; Morton
Stavis, of New York City; and Michael S. Rehak, of Chicago, Ill.,
were admitted to practice.
No. 179. Alexander MacGregor, Jr., Executor, etc., petitioner, .
State Mutual Life Assurance Company of Worcester, Massachusetts.
Argument continued by Mr. William Marshall Bullitt for the re-
spondent and concluded by Mr. William B. Giles for the petitioner.
No. 188. National Labor Relations Board, petitioner, v. Automo-
tive Maintenance Machinery Company. Argued by Mr. Ernest A.
Gross for the petitioner and by Mr. John Harrington for the re-
spondent.
No. 223. Interstate Commerce Commission et al., appellants, v.
Railway Labor Executives Association and Brotherhood of Rail-
1oad Trainmen. Argued by Mr. Edward M. Reidy for the appel-
lant, Interstate Commerce Commission; by Mr. Frank Karr for
the appellant, Pacific Electric Railway Company; and by Mr. Willard
H. McEwen for the appellees.
No. 95. The People of Puerto Rico, petitioner, v. Russell & Co.,
S. en C. Argument commenced by Mr. William Cattron Rigby for
the petitioner.
Adjourned until tomorrow at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Wednesday, February 4, will be as follows: Nos.
95, 245, 529, 255, 280, 306, 962, October Term, 1940 (963, October
Term, 1940, and 980, October Term, 1940), 256, 96, and 272.
☑
420417-42--50

1
WEDNESDAY, FEBRUARY 4, 1942
145
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: The Chief Justice, Mr. Justice Roberts, Mr. Justice Black,
Mr. Justice Reed, Mr. Justice Frankfurter, Mr. Justice Douglas, Mr.
Justice Murphy, Mr. Justice Byrnes, and Mr. Justice Jackson.
John F. Beamis, Jr., of Somersworth, N. H.; Alfred A. Albert, of
Boston, Mass.; Stephen Cerstvik, of Newark, N. J.; Henry A. Middle-
ton, of Toledo, Ohio; Telford B. Orbison, of New Albany, Ind.;
Jaime Hernandez, of Manila, P. I.; and Ismael Mathay, of Manila,
P. I., were admitted to practice.
No. 95. The People of Puerto Rico, petitioner, v. Russell & Co.,
S. en C. Argument continued by Mr. William Cattron Rigby for
the petitioner and concluded by Mr. George M. Wolfson for the
respondent.
No. 245. Cudahy Packing Company of Louisiana, Ltd., petitioner,
2. Thomas W. Holland, Administrator, etc. Argued by Mr. Stephen
C. Hartel and Mr. Leopold Stahl for the petitioner and by Mr. Warner
W. Gardner for the respondent.
No. 529. Thomas W. Holland, Administrator, etc., petitioner, v.
Lowell Sun Company. Argument commenced by Mr. Warner W.
Gardner for the petitioner and continued by Mr. Elisha Hanson for
the respondent.
Adjourned until tomorrow at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Thursday, February 5, will be as follows: Nos.
529, 255, 280, 306, 962, October Term, 1940 (963, October Term,
1940, and 980, October Term, 1940), 256, 96, 272, 320, and 321.
420417-42--51
Х

THURSDAY, FEBRUARY 5, 1942
146
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: The Chief Justice, Mr. Justice Roberts, Mr. Justice Black,
Mr. Justice Reed, Mr. Justice Frankfurter, Mr. Justice Douglas, Mr.
Justice Murphy, Mr. Justice Byrnes, and Mr. Justice Jackson.
Reuben B. Resnik, of Dallas, Tex.; William E. Lucas, of Chicago,
Ill.; Elmo B. Hunter, of Kansas City, Mo.; Charles William King, of
Portland, Oreg.; David W. Louisell, of Washington, D. C.; Donald
Schiff, of New York City; and Jacob Greenwald, of New York City,
were admitted to practice.
No. 529. Thomas W. Holland, Administrator, etc., petitioner, v.
Lowell Sun Company. Argument concluded by Mr. Elisha Hanson
for the respondent.
No. 255. Walter Chaplinsky, appellant, v. State of New Hampshire.
Argued by Mr. Hayden C. Covington for the appellant and by Mr.
Frank R. Kenison for the appellee.
No. 280. Rosco Jones, petitioner, v. City of Opelika. Argued by
Mr. Hayden C. Covington for the petitioner and by Mr. John W.
Guider for the respondent.
No. 306. Josephine S. Pearce, petitioner, v. Commissioner of In-
ternal Revenue. Argued by Mr. Gordon S. P. Kleeberg for the peti-
tioner and by Mr. Gordon B. Tweedy for the respondent.
No. 962. October Term, 1940. Martin M. Goldman, petitioner, v.
The United States of America;
No. 963, October Term, 1940. Jacob P. Shulman, petitioner, v. The
United States of America; and
No. 980, October Term, 1940. Theodore Goldman, petitioner, v.
The United States of America. Argument commenced by Mr. Osmond
K. Fraenkel for the petitioners.
Adjourned until tomorrow at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Friday, February 6, will be as follows: Nos. 962,
October Term, 1940 (963, October Term, 1940, and 980, October
Term, 1940), 256, 96, 320, 272, 321, 265 (and 268), 252, 803,
and 283.
420417-42--52
Х

FRIDAY, FEBRUARY 6, 1942
147
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: The Chief Justice, Mr. Justice Roberts, Mr. Justice
Black, Mr. Justice Reed, Mr. Justice Frankfurter, Mr. Justice
Douglas, Mr. Justice Murphy, Mr. Justice Byrnes, and Mr. Justice
Jackson.
Morris A. Haft, of Chicago, Ill., was admitted to practice.
No. 962, October Term, 1940. Martin M. Goldman, petitioner, v.
The United States of America;
No. 963, October Term, 1940. Jacob P. Shulman, petitioner, v. The
United States of America; and
No. 980, October Term, 1940. Theodore Goldman, petitioner, v.
The United States of America. Argument continued by Mr. Osmond
K. Fraenkel for the petitioners; by Mr. Jacob W. Friedman for the
petitioners in Nos. 962 and 980; by Mr. Solicitor General Fahy for
the respondent; and concluded by Mr. Osmond K. Fraenkel for the
petitioners.
No. 256. Dr. Maximilian Goldstein et al., petitioners, v. The United
States of America. Argument commenced by Mr. Theodore Kiendl
for petitioner, Maximillian Goldstein; continued by Mr. Osmond K.
Fraenkel for petitioner, Benjamin Schwartz; by Mr. Solicitor Gen-
eral Fahy for the respondent; by Mr. Theodore Kiendl for petitioner,
Maxmillian Goldstein; and concluded by Mr. Osmond K. Fraenkel
for petitioner, Benjamin Schwartz; and case submitted by peti-
tioners Herman Rubin and Irving Elentuck, pro se.
No. 96. The People of Puerto Rico, petitioner, v. Rubert Her-
manos, Inc., et al. Argument commenced by Mr. William Cattron
Rigby for the petitioner.
Adjourned until Monday next at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Monday, February 9, will be as follows: Nos. 96,
320, 272, 321, 265 (and 268), 252, 803, 283, 318, and 323.
Х
420417-42-53

MONDAY, FEBRUARY 9, 1942
148
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: The Chief Justice, Mr. Justice Roberts, Mr. Justice Black,
Mr. Justice Reed, Mr. Justice Frankfurter, Mr. Justice Douglas, Mr.
Justice Murphy, Mr. Justice Byrnes, and Mr. Justice Jackson.
Larry Creson, of Memphis, Tenn.; Max E. Geline, of Milwaukee,
Wis.; Ernest O. Zirkalos, of Lincoln Park, Mich.; George H. Hauer-
ken, of San Francisco, Calif.; and W. H. Strickland, of Lenoir, N. C.,
were admitted to practice.
The Chief Justice said:
"The orders of the Court appear upon the list certified by the Chief
Justice and filed with the Clerk and will not be announced orally."
No. 280. Rosco Jones, petitioner, v. City of Opelika. On writ of
certiorari to the Supreme Court of the State of Alabama. Per
curiam: The writ is dismissed for want of a final judgment.
No. 868. Lewis Black et al., appellants, v. The People of the State
of California. Appeal from the District Court of Appeal, 2nd Ap-
pellate District, State of California. Per curiam: The appeal is
dismissed for want of a properly presented substantial federal ques-
tion. (1) Gorin v. United States, 312 U. S. 19, 26-28; (2) Hurtado
2. California, 110 U. S. 516; Gaines v. Washington, 277 U. S. 81, 86.
No. 898. State of Ohio, ex rel. Ellis Thompson, appellant, v. In-
dustrial Commission of Ohio. Appeal from the Supreme Court of
the State of Ohio. Per curiam: The motion to dismiss is granted
and the appeal is dismissed for want of a properly presented federal
question. Live Oak Waters Users' Association v. Railroad Com-
mission, 269 U. S. 354, 358-59; Ohio ex rel. Squire v. Brown, 312
U. S. 652.
No., original. Ex parte Robert G. Errington, petitioner; and
No. -, original. Ex parte Henry Long, petitioner. The motions
for leave to file petitions for writs of habeas corpus are denied.
No. 754. Cecil E. Hayes, petitioner, v. The United States of Amer-
ica. On petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit
Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit;
No. 817. Mary Benchick Kostecka, petitioner, v. The United States
of America; and
420417-42-
-54

MONDAY, FEBRUARY 9, 1942
149
No. 818. Live Stock National Bank of Chicago, Administrator,
etc., petitioner, v. The United States of America. On petition for
writs of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals
for the Seventh Circuit; and
No. 869. Ralph Mark, petitioner, v. The Warden of The Attica
State Prison, Attica, N. Y. On petition for writ of certiorari to
the Court of Appeals of the State of New York. The motions for
leave to proceed further herein in forma pauperis are denied for the
reason that the Court, upon examination of the papers herein sub-
mitted, finds no ground upon which writs of certiorari should be
issued. The petitions for writs of certiorari are therefore also denied.
No. 852. Mitchell Clifton Anderson et al., petitioners, v. The
United States of America. Time within which to file a brief for
the respondent in opposition to the petition for writ of certiorari
extended to and including March 11, next.
No. 875. Group of Institutional Investors et al., petitioners, v.
Chicago, Milwaukee, St. Paul & Pacific Railroad Co.;
No. 876. Group of Institutional Investors et al., petitioners, v.
Union Trust Co. et al.;
No. 877. Group of Institutional Investors et al., petitioners, v.
Israel A. Abrams et al.;
No. 878. Group of Institutional Investors et al., petitioners, v.
H. C. Orton et al., etc.;
No. 879. Group of Institutional Investors et al., petitioners, v.
Guaranty Trust Co. of New York et al., etc.;
No. 880. Group of Institutional Investors et al., petitioners, v.
Chicago, Terre Haute & Southeastern Ry. Co., et al.;
No. 881. Group of Institutional Investors et al., petitioners, v.
United States Trust Co., of New York, as Trustee, etc.;
No. 882. Group of Institutional Investors et al., petitioners, v.
Trustees of Princeton University, et al., etc.; and
No. 883. Group of Institutional Investors et al., petitioners, v.
E. Stanley Glines et al, etc. Time within which to file briefs for the
respondents in opposition to the petition for writs of certiorari ex-
tended to and including March 24th next.
No. 896. Faitoute Iron & Steel Company et al., appellants, v. City
of Asbury Park, a Municipal Corporation of the State of New Jersey.
In this case probable jurisdiction is noted. Mr. Justice Douglas took
no part in the consideration or decision of this question.
No. 798. The Sioux Tribe of Indians, petitioner, v. The United
States. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Claims granted.
No. 826. Federal Trade Commission, petitioner, v. Raladam Com-
pany. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit
Court of Appeals for the Sixth Circuit granted.

MONDAY, FEBRUARY 9, 1942
150
No. 841. Susan G. Reeves, petitioner, v. William Beardall, as
Executor, etc. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Circuit Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit granted.
No. 564. Mascot Stove Company, petitioner, v. Guy T. Helvering,
Commissioner of Internal Revenue. Petition for writ of certiorari
to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Sixth Circuit
denied.
No. 644. Guy T. Helvering, Commissioner of Internal Revenue,
petitioner, v. Cement Investors, Inc. Petition for writ of certiorari to
the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Tenth Circuit
denied.
No. 645. Guy T. Helvering, Commissioner of Internal Revenue,
petitioner, v. James Q. Newton Trust; and
No. 646. Guy T. Helvering, Commissioner of Internal Revenue,
petitioner, v. James Q. Newton, Jr. Petition for writs of certiorari
to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Tenth Circuit
denied.
No. 780. Guy T. Helvering, Commissioner of Internal Revenue,
petitioner, v. New Haven and Shore Line Railway Company, Inc.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of
Appeals for the Second Circuit denied.
No. 828. James A. Herbert, Trustee, petitioner, v. William F. Sul-
livan et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Cir-
cuit Court of Appeals for the First Circuit denied.
No. 831. Erminio Morante, petitioner, v. The People of the State
of New York. Petition for writ of certiorari to the County Court,
Westchester County, State of New York, denied.
No. 833. J. E. Stevens and McKay Stevens, petitioners, v. Sinclair
Refining Company. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United
States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Eighth Circuit denied.
No. 838. George T. Goggin, as Trustee, etc., petitioner, v. The
United States of America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit denied.
No. 839. Ray Polito, petitioner, v. William Molasky et al. Peti-
tition for writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of
Appeals for the Eighth Circuit denied.
No. 840. Charles M. Thomson, Trustee, etc., petitioner, v. William
F. Boles. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit
Court of Appeals for the Eighth Circuit denied.
No. 851. Indianapolis Power & Light Company, petitioner, v. Na-
tional Labor Relations Board. Petition for writ of certiorari to
the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Seventh Circuit
denied.

MONDAY, FEBRUARY 9, 1942
151
No. 857. Simon Durlacher, petitioner, v. Helen S. Durlacher. Pe-
tition for writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of
Appeals for the Ninth Circuit denied.
- No. 859. Frank D. Klimkiewicz, petitioner, v. The Westminister
Deposit and Trust Company et al. Petition for writ of certiorari
to the United States Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia
denied.
No. 864. The Hartford Accident and Indemnity Company, peti-
tioner v. City of Sulphur, Oklahoma. Petition for writ of certiorari
to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Tenth Circuit
denied.
No. 865. W. D. Haden Company, petitioner, v. The Mathieson
Alkali Works, Inc. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United
States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 31. Norton I. Kretske, petitioner, v. The United States of
America. Petition for rehearing denied. Mr. Justice Jackson took no
part in the consideration or decision of this application.
The Court will take a recess from Monday, February 16, until Mon-
day, March 2, next.
No. 96. The People of Puerto Rico, petitioner, v. Rubert Hermanos,
Inc., et al. Argument continued by Mr. William Cattron Rigby for
the petitioner and concluded by Mr. Henri Brown for the respondent.
No. 320. Southern Steamship Company, petitioner, v. National
Labor Relations Board et al. Argument commenced by Mr. Joseph
W. Henderson for the petitioner and continued by Mr. Robert B. Watts
for the respondent, National Labor Relations Board, and by Mr. Wil-
liam L. Standard for the respondent, National Maritime Union of
America.
Adjourned until tomorrow at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Tuesday, February 10, will be as follows: Nos.
320, 272, 321, 265 (and 268), 252, 803, 283, 323, 325, and 332.

TUESDAY, FEBRUARY 10, 1942
152
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: The Chief Justice, Mr. Justice Roberts, Mr. Justice Black,
Mr. Justice Reed, Mr. Justice Frankfurter, Mr. Justice Douglas, Mr.
Justice Murphy, Mr. Justice Byrnes, and Mr. Justice Jackson.
Joseph Sherbow, of Baltimore, Md.; Leo Mann, of Milwaukee,
Wis.; John Henry Williams, of Kansas City, Mo.; and Valentine
Brookes, of San Francisco, Calif., were admitted to practice.
No. 858. David P. Lavietes, petitioner, v. Ferro Stamping and
Manufacturing Company et al. Time within which to file brief for the
respondents in opposition to the petition for writ of certiorari
extended to and including March 2, next.
No. 320. Southern Steamship Company, petitioner, v. National
Labor Relations Board et al. Argument continued by Mr. William
L. Standard for the respondent, National Maritime Union of Amer-
ica, and concluded by Mr. Joseph W. Henderson for the petitioner.
No. 272. Mrs. Jesse Miles et al., petitioners, v. Illinois Central Rail-
road Company. Argued by Mr. W. G. Cavett for the petitioners
and by Mr. Thomas A. Evans and Mr. Larry Creson for the
respondent.
No. 321. Stonite Products Company, petitioner, v. The Melvin
Lloyd Company et al. Argued by Mr. A. D. Caesar and Mr. Charles
W. Rivise for the petitioner and by Mr. Isaac J. Silin for the
respondent.
No. 265. Federal Power Commission and Illinois Commerce Com-
mission, petitioners, v. Natural Gas Pipeline Company of America
et al.; and
No. 268. Natural Gas Pipeline Company of America et al., peti-
tioners, v. Federal Power Commission and Illinois Commerce Com-
mission. Argument commenced by Mr. George I. Haight for the
Natural Gas Pipe Line Co. of America et al., and continued by Mr.
Richard H. Demuth for the Federal Power Commission.
Adjourned until tomorrow at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Wednesday, February 11, will be as follows: Nos.
264 (and 268), 803, 283, 323, 325, 332, 508, 532, 558, and 589.
420417-42-55
Х

WEDNESDAY, FEBRUARY 11, 1942
153
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present The Chief Justice, Mr. Justice Roberts, Mr. Justice Black,
Mr. Justice Reed, Mr. Justice Frankfurter, Mr. Justice Douglas, Mr.
Justice Murphy, Mr. Justice Byrnes, and Mr. Justice Jackson.
Elliott W. Finkel, of Pittsburgh, Pa.; Donald C. Little, of Kansas
City, Kans.; John S. Dawson, of Boston, Mass.; John James Ziska, of
Chicago, Ill.; Ephraim Martin, of Boston, Mass.; Morris H. Kaufman,
of Atchison, Kans.; Harold Weiss, of New York City; Frederick R.
Bolton, of Detroit, Mich.; William Bernard Rafferty, of Baltimore,
Md.; Benjamin C. Howard, of Baltimore, Md.; John R. Norris, of
Baltimore, Md.; and Theodore G. Remer, of Chicago, Ill., were
admitted to practice.
No. 265. Federal Power Commission and Illinois Commerce Com-
mission, petitioners, v. Natural Gas Pipeline Company of America
et al.; and
No. 268. Natural Gas Pipeline Company of America et al., peti-
tioners, v. Federal Power Commission and Illinois Commerce Com-
mission. Argument continued by Mr. Richard H. Demuth and Mr.
Solicitor General Fahy for the Federal Power Commission; by Mr.
Albert E. Hallett for Illinois Commerce Commission and concluded
by Mr. S. A. L. Morgan for Natural Gas Pipe Line Company of
America et al.
No. 803. Steuart Purcell et al., constituting The Public Service
Commission of Maryland et al., appellants, v. The United States of
America et al. Argument commenced by Mr. Clarence W. Miles for
the appellants; continued by Mr. James C. Wilson for the appellees,
The United States and Interstate Commerce Commission; by Mr.
C. M. Clay for the appellees, The Confluence and Oakland Railroad
Company et al.; and concluded by Mr. Joseph Sherbow for the
appellants.
Adjourned until tomorrow at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Thursday, February 12, will be as follows: Nos.
283, 323, 325, 332, 508, and 589.
420417-42-56

THURSDAY, FEBRUARY 12, 1942
154
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: The Chief Justice, Mr. Justice Roberts, Mr. Justice Black,
Mr. Justice Reed, Mr. Justice Frankfurter, Mr. Justice Douglas, Mr.
Justice Murphy, Mr. Justice Byrnes, and Mr. Justice Jackson.
Chas. W. Rummler, of Chicago, Ill.; Lowell C. Noyes, of Chicago,
Ill.; Harry Dexter Peck, of Sharon, Mass.; Melvin R. Jenney, of
Boston, Mass.; Henry Cohen, of New York City; Thomas J. Ryan,
Jr., of Boston, Mass.; Anthony L. Montaquila, of Providence, R. I.;
G. Warren Stilson, of Washington, D. C.; Calvine W. Derringer, of
Washington, D. C.; J. Louis Bixler, of Washington, D. C.; John
Hubbard Joss, of Indianapolis, Ind.; and Milton S. Briggs, of Wash-
ington, D. C., were admitted to practice.
No. 283. Butler Brothers, appellant, v. Charles J. McColgan, as
Franchise Tax Commission of the State of California. Argued by
Mr. Leland K. Neeves for the appellant and by Mr. Valentine
Brookes for the respondent.
No. 323. Muncie Gear Works, Inc., et al., petitioners, v. Outboard,
Marine & Manufacturing Company et al. Argued by Mr. Samuel
E. Darby, Jr., for the petitioners and by Mr. Henry M. Huxley for
the respondent.
No. 325. Frederick Rodiek, Ancillary Executor, etc., petitioner, v.
The United States of America et al. Argument commenced by Mr.
Sherwood E. Silliman for the petitioner.
Adjourned until tomorrow at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Friday, February 13, will be as follows: Nos. 325,
332, and 508.
☑
420417-42--57

1
1
FRIDAY, FEBRUARY 13, 1942
155
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: The Chief Justice, Mr. Justice Roberts, Mr. Justice Black,
Mr. Justice Reed, Mr. Justice Frankfurter, Mr. Justice Douglas, Mr.
Justice Murphy, Mr. Justice Byrnes, and Mr. Justice Jackson.
William H. Merner, of Cedar Falls, Iowa; Silas Coma Garrett III,
of Grove Hill, Ala.; Arthur E. Friedland, of New York City; Samuel
Silverman, of New York City; Theodore R. Gillenwaters, of Los
Angeles, Calif.; Frank Joseph Gollins, of Decatur, Ill.; Jonathan
Bertolet Hillegass, of Norristown, Pa.; William Joseph Moran, Jr.,
of Norristown, Pa.; and Edgar Turlington, of Washington, D. C.,
were admitted to practice.
No. 325. Frederick Rodiek, Ancillary Executor, etc., petitioner, v.
The United States of America et al. Argument continued by Mr.
Sherwood E. Silliman for the petitioner; by Mr. Assistant Attorney
General Shea for the respondents and concluded by Mr. Sherwood E.
Silliman for the petitioner.
No. 332. The Williams Manufacturing Company, petitioner, v.
United Shoe Machinery Corporation. Argued by Mr. H. A. Toul-
min, Jr., for the petitioner and by Mr. Harrison F. Lyman for the
respondent.
Adjourned until Monday, February 16, at 12 o'clock.
☑
420417-42-58

MONDAY, FEBRUARY 16, 1942
156
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: The Chief Justice, Mr. Justice Roberts, Mr. Justice Reed,
Mr. Justice Frankfurter, Mr. Justice Douglas, Mr. Justice Murphy,
Mr. Justice Byrnes, and Mr. Justice Jackson.
Marvin J. Coles, of New York City; Joseph Chandler Burton, of
Birmingham, Ala.; Sol H. Shapiro, of Malden, Mass.; Fergus Belan-
ger, of Washington, D. C.; Claude Bayles Mickelwait, of San Fran-
cisco, Calif.; Daniel M. Schuyler, of Chicago, Ill.; Paul W. Rion, of
Dayton, Ohio; Robert A. Shapiro, of Dayton, Ohio; Franklin Riter,
or Salt Lake City, Utah; Harold M. Platt, of Southampton, N. Y.;
William C. Shipley, of Albuquerque, N. Mex.; E. Greig Scott, of
Phoenix, Ariz.; Allen L. Gray, of St. Paul, Minn.; and Frederick J.
Moses, of New York City, were admitted to practice.
No. 81. Julian Riley and Hughes Spalding, Executors of the estate
of Julia M. Hungerford, deceased, petitioners, v. The New York Trust
Company, Administrator C. T. A. of the estate of Julia M. Hunger-
ford, deceased, et al. On writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of
the State of Delaware. Judgment affirmed with costs. Opinion by
Mr. Justice Reed. Concurring opinion by Mr. Chief Justice Stone
in which Mr. Justice Frankfurter and Mr. Justice Jackson join.
No. 8. The United States of America, v. Bethlehem Steel Corpora-
tion, Bethlehem Shipbuilding Corporation, Ltd., Bethlehem Steel
Company et al.; and
No. 9. United States Shipping Board Merchant Fleet Corporation,
petitioner, v. Bethlehem Shipbuilding Corporation, Ltd. On writs of
certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Third
Circuit. Judgments affirmed and cases remanded. to the District
Court of the United States for the Eastern District of Pennsylvania.
Opinion by Mr. Justice Black announced by Mr. Justice Reed. The
Chief Justice, Mr. Justice Roberts, and Mr. Justice Jackson took no
part in the decision of these cases. Concurring opinion by Mr. Jus-
tice Murphy. Dissenting opinion by Mr. Justice Frankfurter. Sepa-
rate opinion by Mr. Justice Douglas for reversal of the judgments
below.
No. 161. Clarence A. Stewart, Administrator of the Estate of John
R. Stewart, deceased, petitioner, v. Southern Railway Company. On
writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for
420417-42--59

MONDAY, FEBRUARY 16, 1942
157
the Eighth Circuit. Judgment reversed with costs and cause re-
manded to the Circuit Court of Appeals for further proceedings in
conformity with the opinion of this Court. Opinion by Mr. Justice
Roberts. Dissenting opinion by Mr. Justice Black in which Mr.
Justice Reed, Mr. Justice Douglas, and Mr. Justice Murphy join.
No. 179. Alexander MacGregor, Jr., Executor of the Estate of
Alexander MacGregor, deceased, petitioner, v. State Mutual Life As-
surance Company of Worcester, Massachusetts. On writ of certiorari
to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Sixth Circuit.
Judgment affirmed with costs and cause remanded to the District
Court of the United States for the Eastern District of Michigan.
Opinion, per curiam, announced by Mr. Chief Justice Stone.
No. 188. National Labor Relations Board, petitioner, v. Automo-
tive Maintenance Machinery Company. On writ of certiorari to the
United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Seventh Circuit. Judg-
ment reversed and cause remanded to the Circuit Court of Appeals
with directions to enforce the Board's order in full, but with the modi-
fication proposed by the Board to conform to the decision in Republic
Steel Corp'n v. Labor Board, 311 U. S. 7. Opinion, per curiam, an-
nounced by Mr. Chief Justice Stone. The Chief Justice and Mr.
Justice Roberts are of opinion that the order as modified should be
enforced except with respect to the alleged discriminatory discharges
of Warner, Jr., and Jordan, which they think are without the support
of substantial evidence. Mr. Justice Jackson took no part in the
consideration or decision of this case.
The Chief Justice said:
"The orders of the Court appear upon the list certified by the Chief
Justice and filed with the Clerk and will not be announced orally."
No. 907. The Citizens National Bank of Kirksville, Missouri, pe-
titioner, v. Commissioner of Internal Revenue. Time within which to
file brief for the respondent in opposition to the petition for writ of
certiorari extended to and including March 19, next.
No. 860. The United States of America, ex rel. Louis Mainieri,
alias Louis Grubbe, etc., petitioner, v. People of the State of New York.
On petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals of the State
of New York; and
No. 888. The People of the State of New York, ex rel. Stanley
Smith, petitioner, v. William Hunt, as Warden of Attica State Prison,
Attica, New York. On petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of
Appeals of the State of New York. The motions for leave to proceed.

MONDAY, FEBRUARY 16, 1942
158
further herein in forma pauperis are denied for the reason that the
Court, upon examination of the papers herein submitted, finds no
ground upon which writs of certiorari should be issued. The petitions
for writs of certiorari are therefore also denied.
No. 848. Mary W. Stewart et al., petitioners, v. The United States
of America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Cir-
cuit Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit granted.
No. 830. The Seminole Nation, petitioner, v. The United States.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Claims granted and
case assigned for argument immediately following No. 348.
No. 837. Smith Betts, petitioner, v. Patrick J. Brady, Warden, etc.
Petition for writ of certiorari to Carroll T. Bond, a Judge of the State
of Maryland, being a judge of the Court of Appeals of Maryland from
the City of Baltimore granted. Counsel are requested on the argu-
ment of this case to discuss the jurisdiction of this Court, particularly
(1) whether the decision below is that of a court within the meaning
of section 237 of the Judicial Code, and (2) whether state remedies,
either by appeal or by application to other judges or any other state
court, have been exhausted.
No. 939. The Overnight Motor Transportation Company, Inc., pe-
titioner, v. William H. Missel. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Fourth Circuit granted
and case assigned for argument immediately following No. 622.
The motion of respondent for leave to proceed in forma pauperis is
granted.
No. 862. Pennsylvania Water & Power Company, petitioner, v.
Federal Power Commission. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
United States Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia denied.
Mr. Justice Frankfurter took no part in the consideration or decision
of this application.
No. 821. Thomas D. Aiken, Tillie Davenport, et al., petitioners,
v. Samuel Insull, Jr., Philip J. McEnroe, et al. ; and
No. 822. DeMet's, Incorporated, and Robert E. Wood, petitioners,
v. Samuel Insull, Jr., C. W. Sills, et al. Petition for writs of certiorari
to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Seventh Circuit
denied.
No. 823. Samuel Insull, Jr., et al., petitioners, v. Thomas D. Aiken
et al.;
No. 824. Samuel Insull, Jr., et al., petitioners, v. DeMet's, Incor-
porated; and
No. 827. Stanley Field, petitioner, v. DeMet's, Incorporated. Pe-
tition for writs of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of
Appeals for the Seventh Circuit denied.

MONDAY, FEBRUARY 16, 1942
159
No. 834. Wilbur E. Dow, petitioner, v. Harold L. Ickes, Secre-
tary of the Interior et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United
States Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia denied.
No. 853. Robert P. Shick, petitioner, v. William A. Goodman,
Trustee of Harry M. Albright, Bankrupt. Petition for writ of certi-
orari to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Third
Circuit denied.
No. 861. United Services Automobile Association, petitioner, v.
Katherine Harman et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court
of Civil Appeals, 4th Supreme Judicial District, State of Texas,
denied.
No. 867. Nathan Herzog and Emanuel Herzog, Individually, etc.,
petitioners, v. Jack Dorman, Trustee. Petition for writ of certiorari
to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit
denied.
No. , original. Ex parte Stanley B. Peplowski, petitioner; and
No. 710. George D. Templeton, on behalf of George Douglas Tem-
pleton, Jr., appellant, v. State of California. Petitions for rehearing
denied.
No. 32. Alfred E. Roth, petitioner, v. The United States of Amer-
ica. Petition for rehearing denied. Mr. Justice Jackson took no part
in the consideration or decision of this application.
No. 67. Southport Petroleum Company, petitioner, v. National
Labor Relations Board; and
No. 756. J. L. Stewart, petitioner, v. T. W. Davidson, Judge, etc.
Petitions for rehearing denied. Mr. Justice Roberts took no part in
the consideration or decision of these applications.
No. 792. Sallie Essary, Executrix, etc., petitioner, v. Frank O.
Lowden et al., Trustees, etc., et al. The motion for leave to file peti-
tion for rehearing is granted. The petition for rehearing is denied.
Mr. Justice Roberts took no part in the consideration or decision of
these applications.
No. 813. William R. Skidmore, petitioner, v. The United States
of America. Petition for rehearing denied. Mr. Justice Murphy and
Mr. Justice Jackson took no part in the consideration or decision of
this application.
No. 738. The United States of America, petitioner, v. Elizabeth
Kerr, Administratrix, etc. Death of Elizabeth Kerr suggested and
Citizens Loan & Trust Co., administrator de bonis non of the estate
of Joseph Kelly Kerr, deceased, substituted as the party respondent

MONDAY, FEBRUARY 16, 1942
160
herein, per stipulation of counsel, on motion of Mr. Solicitor General
Fahy in that behalf.
No. 745. The Schenectady Union Publishing Company, petitioner,
v. Martin L. Sweeney. Motion for leave to file brief of American Jew-
ish Committee, the B'nai B'rith, the Jewish Labor Committee, and the
American Jewish Congress, as amici curiae, submitted by Mr. Henry
H. Nordlinger in that behalf.
Adjourned until Monday, March 2, next, at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Monday, March 2, will be as follows: Nos. 252,
508, 318, 505, 532, 535, 558, 581 (and 582), 588 and 589.
X

MONDAY, MARCH 2, 1942
161
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: The Chief Justice, Mr. Justice Roberts, Mr. Justice Black,
Mr. Justice Reed, Mr. Justice Frankfurter, Mr. Justice Douglas, Mr.
Justice Murphy, Mr. Justice Byrnes, and Mr. Justice Jackson.
Robert E. Mitchell, of Washington, D. C.; Henry Peyton Kucera,
of Dallas, Tex.; Chas. C. Wine, of Texarkana, Ark.; Paul Washing-
ton Crutchfield, of Decatur, Ga.; Eugene Cotton, of Washington,
D. C.; Sidney S. Hein, of Far Rockaway, N. Y.; Jonathan H. Looka-
doo, of Arkadelphia, Ark.; Irl B. Rosenblum, of Saint Louis, Mo.;
Wm. J. Kirby, of Little Rock, Ark.; Bingham W. Zellmer, of Cleve-
land, Ohio; Florence E. Coughlin, of Philadelphia, Pa.; Nathan J.
Felsenberg, of Baltimore, Md.; John J. Carmody, of Painesville,
Ohio; Ira L. Shapiro, of Chicago, Ill.; Max M. Batzer, of Philadel-
phia, Pa.; George Alexander Koplow, of Sioux Falls, S. Dak.; Emil
Schlesinger, of New York City; and John F. X. Finn, of New York
City, were admitted to practice.
No. 238. The United States of America, petitioner, v. State of New
York; and
No. 251. State of New York, petitioner, v. The United States of
America. On writs of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court
of Appeals for the Second Circuit. Judgment of the Circuit Court
of Appeals reversed with respect to the claim under title VIII of the
Social Security Act, but otherwise affirmed, and case remanded to
the District Court of the United States for the Western District
of New York to permit the reinstatement of the judgment of that
court. Opinion by Mr. Justice Byrnes.
No. 131. The United States of America, petitioner, v. Local 807 of
International Brotherhood of Teamsters, Chauffeurs, Stablemen and
Helpers of America et al.; and
No. 132. Local 807 of International Brotherhood of Teamsters,
Chauffeurs, Stablemen and Helpers of America et al., petitioners, v.
The United States of America. On writs of certiorari to the United
States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit. Judgment
affirmed and cases remanded to the District Court of the United
States for the Southern District of New York. Opinion by Mr. Justice
Byrnes. Mr. Justice Roberts and Mr. Justice Jackson took no part
420417-42-60

MONDAY, MARCH 2, 1942
162
in the consideration or decision of these cases. Dissenting opinion
by Mr. Chief Justice Stone.
No. 206. D'Oench, Duhme & Co., Inc., petitioner, v. Federal De-
posit Insurance Corporation. On writ of certiorari to the United
States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Eighth Circuit. Judgment
affirmed with costs and cause remanded to the District Court of the
United States for the Eastern District of Missouri. Opinion by Mr.
Justice Douglas. Mr. Justice Roberts did not participate in the con-
sideration or decision of this case. Opinion by Mr. Justice Frank-
furter concurring in the result in which the Chief Justice joins. Con-
curring opinion by Mr. Justice Jackson.
No. 197. The United States of America and Interstate Commerce
Commission, appellants, v. Carolina Freight Carriers Corporation.
Appeal from the District Court of the United States for the Western
District of North Carolina. Judgment affirmed. Opinion by Mr.
Justice Douglas. Dissenting opinion by Mr. Justice Jackson in
which Mr. Justice Frankfurter joins.
No. 210. Howard Hall Company, Inc., appellant, v. The United
States of America and Interstate Commerce Commission. Appeal
from the District Court of the United States for the Northern
District of Alabama. Decree reversed and cause remanded to the
said District Court with directions to remand to the Interstate
Commerce Commission so that the basic or essential findings re-
quired under the rule of Florida v. United States, 282 U. S. 194,
215, may be made. Opinion by Mr. Justice Douglas. Dissenting:
Mr. Justice Frankfurter and Mr. Justice Jackson.
No. 283. Butler Brothers, appellant, v. Charles J. McColgan, as
Franchise Tax Commissioner of the State of California. Appeal
from the Supreme Court of the State of California. Judgment
affirmed with costs. Opinion by Mr. Justice Douglas.
No. 64. Clyde Hysler, petitioner, v. The State of Florida. On
writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of the State of Florida.
Judgment affirmed. Opinion by Mr. Justice Frankfurter. Dissent-
ing opinion by Mr. Justice Black in which Mr. Justice Douglas and
Mr. Justice Murphy concur.
No. 124. Hotel & Restaurant Employee's International Alliance,
Local No. 122, et al., petitioners, v. Wisconsin Employment Relations
Board et al. On writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of the
State of Wisconsin. Judgment affirmed with costs. Opinion by
Mr. Justice Frankfurter. Mr. Justice Roberts took no part in the
consideration or decision of this case.
No. 139. Charles M. Thomson, Trustee for Property of Chicago &
Northwestern Railway Company, et al., petitioners, v. Barney E.

MONDAY, MARCH 2, 1942
163
Gaskill et al. On writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit
Court of Appeals for the Eighth Circuit. Judgment reversed with
costs and cause remanded to the District Court of the United States
for the District of Nebraska without prejudice to an application for
leave to amend the bill of complaint. Opinion by Mr. Justice Frank-
furter. Mr. Justice Roberts took no part in the consideration or
decision of this case.
No. 112. C. L. Williams, Individually and as Duly Appointed and
Authorized Agent and Representative of Herbert Aiken, et al., peti-
tioners v. Jacksonville Terminal Company; and
No. 1023, October Term, 1940. A. J. Pickett, General Chairman of
the Brotherhood of Railway and Steamship Clerks, Freight Handlers,
Express and Station Employees, etc., petitioner, v. The Union Term-
inal Company. On writs of certiorari to the United States Circuit
Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit. Judgments affirmed with
costs and cases remanded to the District Courts of the United States
for the Southern District of Florida and Northern District of Texas
respectively. Opinion by Mr. Justice Reed. Mr. Justice Roberts
took no part in the consideration or decision of these cases. Dissent-
ing opinion by Mr. Justice Black in which Mr. Justice Douglas and
Mr. Justice Murphy concur.
No. 223. Interstate Commerce Commission and The Pacific Elec-
tric Railway Company, appellants, v. Railway Labor Executives As-
sociation and Brotherhood of Railroad Trainmen. Appeal from the
District Court of the United States for the District of Columbia.
Judgment affirmed. Opinion by Mr. Justice Black.
No. 803. Steuart Purcell, Edmund H. Budnitz, and Arthur H.
Brice, Constituting The Public Service Commission of Maryland, et
al., appellants, v. The United States of America, The Confluence and
Oakland Railroad Company, et al. Appeal from the District Court
of the United States for the District of Maryland. Judgment af-
firmed. Opinion by Mr. Justice Black.
No. 245. Cudahy Packing Company of Louisiana, Ltd., petitioner,
v. Thomas W. Holland, Administrator of the Wage and Hour Divi-
sion, United States Department of Labor. On writ of certiorari to
the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit.
Judgment reversed and cause remanded to the District Court of the
United States for the Eastern District of Louisiana for further pro-
ceedings in conformity with the opinion of this Court. Opinion by
Mr. Chief Justice Stone. Dissenting opinion by Mr. Justice Douglas
in which Mr. Justice Black, Mr. Justice Byrnes and Mr. Justice
Jackson join.

MONDAY, MARCH 2, 1942
164
The Chief Justice announced the following orders of the Court:
No. 325. Frederick Rodiek, Ancillary Executor of the Estate of
Johann Friedrich Hackfeld, Deceased, petitioner v. The United States
of America et al. On writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit
Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit. Per curiam: The judgment
is affirmed by an equally divided Court. The Chief Justice, Mr. Jus-
tice Murphy, and Mr. Justice Jackson took no part in the consideration
or decision of this case.
No. 529. Thomas W. Holland, Administrator, Wage and Hour Di-
vision, United States Department of Labor, petitioner, v. Lowell Sun
Company. On writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court
of Appeals for the First Circuit. Per curiam: The judgment is
affirmed by an equally divided Court. Mr. Justice Murphy took no
part in the consideration or decision of this case.
The Chief Justice said:
"The other orders of the Court appear upon the list certified by the
Chief Justice and filed with the Clerk and will not be announced
orally."
No. 2. Martin J. Bernards and Lena Bernards, petitioners, v. M.
R. Johnson, Catherine Collins, et al. The motion to recall the man-
date is denied.
No. 745. The Schenectady Union Publishing Company, petitioner,
v. Martin L. Sweeney. The motion for leave to file brief of American
Jewish Committee, the B'nai B'rith, the Jewish Labor Committee, and
the American Jewish Congress, as amici curiae is granted. Mr. Justice
Jackson took no part in the consideration or decision of this application.
No. 789. The United States of America, ex rel. Boyd L. Kithcart,
petitioner, v. Hon: A. K. Gardner et al. On petition for writ of cer-
tiorari to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Eighth
Circuit;
No. 809. Jennie Summers, petitioner, v. Paul Rice and Mabel Rice.
On petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court
of Appeals for the Eighth Circuit;
No. 884. Ted Rogoway, petitioner, v. The Warden, United States
Penitentiary, McNeil Island, Washington. On petition for writ of
certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Ninth
Circuit;
No. 891. W. C. Welch, petitioner, v. The State of Texas. On peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the Court of Criminal Appeals, of
the State of Texas;
No. 890. John M. Minnec, petitioner, v. Robert H. Hudspeth,
Warden, United States Penitentiary, Leavenworth, Kansas. On peti-

MONDAY, MARCH 2, 1942
165
tion for writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of
Appeals for the Tenth Circuit; and
No. 909. Thomas J. Adams, petitioner, v. The State of Washing-
ton. On petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of the
State of Washington. The motions for leave to proceed further
herein in forma pauperis are denied for the reason that the Court,
upon examination of the papers herein submitted, finds no ground
upon which writs of certiorari should be issued. The petitions
for writs of certiorari are therefore also denied.
No. 829. Dora Brady and Lucinda Watashe, petitioners, v. Annie
Beams, Melviney Barnett Ditzler, et al.;
No. 846. Joe H. Tiger et al., petitioners, v. Annie Beams et al.;
No. 847. Charles Barnett, Pelo Deere, et al., petitioners, v. Susie
Connor et al.;
No. 850. Bennie Barnett Scott, petitioner, v. Annie Beams, Mel-
viney Barnett Ditzler et al.; and
No. 906. Rosa Allen et al., petitioners, v. Annie Beams et al. On
petition for writs of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court
of Appeals for the Tenth Circuit. In No. 846 the motion to consider
the petition for certiorari on a typewritten record is granted. The
petition for writ of certiorari is denied. In Nos. 829, 847, 850, and
906, the motions for leave to proceed further in forma pauperis are
denied for the reason that the Court, upon examination of the
papers submitted, finds no ground upon which writs of certiorari
should be issued. The petitions for writs of certiorari are therefore
also denied.
No. 912. Max Weber, petitioner, v. P. J. Squier, Warden, U. S.
Penitentiary, McNeil Island, Washington. On petition for writ
of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the
Ninth Circuit. The petition for writ of certiorari is denied on the
ground that the cause is moot, it appearing that petitioner has
been released upon order of the United States Board of Parole and
that he is no longer in the respondent's custody. The motion for
leave to proceed further herein in forma pauperis is therefore also
denied.
No. 927. Northern Pacific Railway Company and Great Northern
Railway Company, appellants, v. The United States of America,
et al. In this case probable jurisdiction is noted.
No. 872. State of Georgia, petitioner, v. Hiram W. Evans, John
W. Greer, Jr., et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United
States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit granted.
No. 910. A. B. Kirschbaum Company, petitioner, v. Philip B. Flem-
ing, Administrator of the Wage and Hour Division, United States
420417-42-61

MONDAY, MARCH 2, 1942
166
Department of Labor. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United
States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Third Circuit granted.
No. 845. The United States, petitioner, v. Consumers Paper Com-
pany. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Claims granted.
No. 924. Arsenal Building Corporation and Spear & Co., Inc., peti-
tioners, v. Philip B. Fleming, Administrator of the Wage and Hour
Division, United States Department of Labor. Petition for writ
of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for
the Second Circuit granted.
No. 904. A. M. Landman, Superintendent of the Five Civilized
Tribes, etc., petitioner, v. Commissioner of Internal Revenue. Peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of
Appeals for the Tenth Circuit denied. Mr. Justice Jackson took no
part in the consideration or decision of this application.
No. 894. Guy T. Helvering, Commissioner of Internal Revenue,
petitioner, v. R. A. Sprouse. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit denied.
Mr. Justice Black, Mr. Justice Douglas, and Mr. Justice Murphy are
of opinion that the petition for writ of certiorari should be granted.
No. 843. Emiliano Benavides, petitioner, v. State of Texas. Peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the Court of Criminal Appeals of the
State of Texas denied.
No. 854. W. T. Stewart, Trustee etc., et al.; petitioners, v. J. P.
Dyar. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit
Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 863. I. B. Melville and H. G. Day, as Trustees etc., et al., peti-
tioners, v. Arthur Weybrew, Elmer L. Ouderkirk, et al. Petition
for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of the State of Colorado
denied.
No. 866. L. L. Skaggs, petitioner, v. Commissioner of Internal
Revenue. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit
Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 870. Samuel Bernstein, petitioner, v. The United States of
America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Cir-
cuit Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit denied.
No. 871. Philip W. Pelts, petitioner, v. Reconstruction Finance
Corporation. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Circuit Court of Appeals for the Seventh Circuit denied.
No. 873. Affiliated Enterprises, Inc., petitioner, v. Commissioner
of Internal Revenue. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United
States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Tenth Circuit denied.

MONDAY, MARCH 2, 1942
167
No. 874. Chester Chianese, petitioner, v. The United States of
America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Cir-
cuit Court of Appeals for the Third Circuit denied.
No. 886. United Block Company, Inc., petitioner, v. Commissioner
of Internal Revenue. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United
States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit denied.
No. 892. Hazeltine Corporation, petitioner, v. The Crosley Cor-
poration. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit
Court of Appeals for the Third Circuit denied.
No. 893. United States Gypsum Company, petitioner, v. Dominic
Galeota. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit
Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit denied.
No. 897. Terminal Railroad Association of St. Louis, petitioner, v.
Alice Benner, Administratrix, etc. Petition for writ of certiorari to
the Supreme Court of the State of Missouri denied.
No. 902. Harry C. Barker, petitioner, v. Morris J. Levin, Trustee,
etc. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court
of Appeals for the Eighth Circuit denied.
No. 849. Jacob Novick, petitioner, v. The United States of Amer-
ica. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court
of Appeals for the Second Circuit denied.
No. 889. Lois G. Larson, also known as L. G. Larson, etc., peti-
tioner, v. Jack Lane, Trustee, etc., et al. Petition for writ of certiorari
to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit
denied.
No. 895. Puget Sound Power & Light Company and Old Colony
Trust Company, petitioners, v. Public Utility District No. 1 of What-
com County, a municipal corporation. Petition for writ of certiorari
to the United States Circuit Court of Apeals for the Ninth Circuit
denied.
No. 899. Perry L. Davis and Claude C. Bledsoe, petitioners, v. The
State of Iowa. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court
of the State of Iowa denied.
No. 901. George Pitts, petitioner, v. Fred G. Drummond. Petition
for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of the State of Oklahoma
denied.
No. 905. Keystone Automobile Club Casualty Company et al., peti-
itioners, v. Commissioner of Internal Revenue. Petition for writ of
certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Third
Circuit denied.

MONDAY, MARCH 2, 1942
168
No. 908. New York & Long Branch Railroad Company, petitioner,
v. Thomas M. Fury. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Mon-
mouth County Court of Common Pleas, State of New Jersey, denied.
No. 915. Mary Lois McIntosh, petitioner, v. Ella L. Wiggins. Peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of
Appeals for the Eighth Circuit denied.
No. 916. Eugene Tuttle, et al., petitioners, v. James C. Bell, County
Treasurer, etc. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court
of the State of Illinois denied.
No. 154. Exhibit Supply Company, petitioner, v. Ace Patents Cor-
poration;
No. 155. Genco, Inc., petitioner, v. Ace Patents Corporation;
No. 156. Chicago Coin Machine Company, petitioner, v. Ace Pat-
ents Corporation. Petition for rehearing denied. Mr. Justice Rob-
erts took no part in the consideration or decision of this application.
No. , original. Herbert N. DeWolfe, complainant, v. The
State of California;
No. , original. Ex parte Robert G. Errington, petitioner;
No. 868. Lewis Black, Samuel Blumenberg, et al., appellants, v.
The People of the State of California. Petitions for rehearing
denied.
No. 810. Frank J. Boehm, petitioner, v. The United States of
America. Petition for rehearing denied. Mr. Justice Douglas and
Mr. Justice Jackson took no part in the consideration or decision
of this application.
No. 745. The Schenectady Union Publishing Company, petitioner,
v. Martin L. Sweeney. Motion for leave to file brief of American
Civil Liberties Union as amicus curiae submitted by Mr. Sol M.
Alpher, in that behalf.
No. 945. Hartford Fire Insurance Company, petitioner, v. Martin
Leithauser, as Administrator, etc. Time within which to file brief
for the respondent in opposition to the petition for writ of certiorari
extended to and including March 26th next, on motion of counsel for
the respondent.
No. 983. Udox H. Hankins, Receiver, etc., petitioner, v. The United
States of America. Time within which to make service under the pro-
visions of rule 38, paragraph 3, extended to and including March 30
next, on motion of Mr. Frank J. Looney for the petitioner.
No. 252. Allen-Bradley Local No. 1111, United Electrical, Radio,
and Machine Workers of America, et al., appellants, v. Wisconsin

Х
MONDAY, MARCH 2, 1942
169
Employment Relations Board and Allen-Bradley Company. Argu-
ment commenced by Mr. Max E. Geline for the appellants; continued
by Mr. N. S. Boardman and Mr. Leo Mann for the appellees; and
concluded by Mr. Eugene Cotton for the appellants.
Adjourned until tomorrow at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Tuesday, March 3, will be as follows: Nos. 508,
318, 505, 532, 535, 581 (and 582), 588, 558, 589, and 499.

TUESDAY, MARCH 3, 1942
170
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: The Chief Justice, Mr. Justice Roberts, Mr. Justice Black,
Mr. Justice Reed, Mr. Justice Frankfurter, Mr. Justice Douglas, Mr.
Justice Murphy, Mr. Justice Byrnes, and Mr. Justice Jackson.
Jack Comer, of Knoxville, Tenn.; Bentley M. McMullin, of Denver,
Colo.; Joseph Warren, Jr., of Brookline, Mass.; Herman W. Klaus-
ner, of Jersey City, N. J.; Harry E. Boe, of Chicago, Ill.; Francis
Goodall McDonald, of Hillsboro, Tex.; Daniel J. Schrull, of Phila-
delphia, Pa.; Robert E. Friedman, of New Orleans, La.; Roland
Rice, of Washington, D. C.; Floyd Edward Hoffmann, of San Mateo,
Calif.; Harold E. Schweitzer, of Los Angeles, Calif.; and Wm. L.
Greenbaum, of Newark, N. J., were admitted to practice.
No. 508. Scripps-Howard Radio, Inc. v. Federal Communications.
Commission. Argued by Mr. Paul M. Segal for Scripps-Howard
Radio, Inc., and by Mr. Thomas E. Harris for the Federal Com-
munications Commission.
No. 318. Sampson Tulee, appellant, v. State of Washington. Ar-
gued by Mr. Nathan R. Margold for the appellant and by Mr. T.
H. Little for the appellee.
No. 505. Lester A. Crancer et al., Copartners, etc., et al., peti-
tioners, v. Frank O. Lowden et al., Trustees etc. Argument com-
menced by Mr. Irl B. Rosenblum for the petitioners.
Adjourned until tomorrow at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Wednesday, March 4, will be as follows: Nos. 505,
532, 535, 581 (and 582), 588, 558, 589, 499, 595, and 523.
420417-42-62

WEDNESDAY, MARCH 4, 1942
171
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: The Chief Justice, Mr. Justice Roberts, Mr. Justice Black,
Mr. Justice Reed, Mr. Justice Frankfurter, Mr. Justice Douglas, Mr.
Justice Murphy, Mr. Justice Byrnes, and Mr. Justice Jackson.
Jesse R. Fillman, of New York City; Whitworth Stokes, of Nash-
ville, Tenn.; and William F. Fratcher, of Detroit, Mich., were admitted
to practice.
No. 505. Lester A. Crancer et al., copartners, etc., et al., petitioners,
v. Frank O. Lowden et al., Trustees, etc. Argument continued by Mr.
Irl B. Rosenblum for the petitioners; by Mr. Hale Houts for the
respondents; and concluded by Mr. Irl B. Rosenblum for the
petitioners.
No. 532. Blake Centers, petitioner, v. Joseph W. Sanford, Warden,
etc. Argued by Mr. Paul Crutchfield for the petitioner and by Mr.
Herbert Wechsler for the respondent.
No. 535. Gregg Cartage & Storage Company et al., appellants, v.
The United States of America et al. Argued by Mr. Howell Leuck
and Mr. H. Russell Bishop for the appellants and by Mr. James C.
Wilson for the appellees.
No. 581. Adolph B. Spreckels, petitioner, v. Commissioner of
Internal Revenue; and
No. 582. Adolph B. Spreckels, petitioner, v. Commissioner of
Internal Revenue. Argument commenced by Mr. Walter Slack for
the petitioner and continued by Mr. Thomas M. Wilkins for the peti-
tioner and by Mr. Arnold Raum for the respondent.
Adjourned until tomorrow at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Thursday, March 5, will be as follows: Nos. 581
(and 582), 588, 558, 589, 499, 595, 523, 600, 601, and 648.
Х
420417-42-63

THURSDAY, MARCH 5, 1942
172
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: The Chief Justice, Mr. Justice Roberts, Mr. Justice Black,
Mr. Justice Reed, Mr. Justice Frankfurter, Mr. Justice Douglas, Mr.
Justice Murphy, Mr. Justice Byrnes, and Mr. Justice Jackson.
Morris L. Forer, of Trenton, N. J.; Wilbur A. Osterling, of Wash-
ington, D. C.; Frederic Wingersky, of Boston, Mass.; Charles V. Shan-
non, of Washington, D. C.; and H. D. Addison, of Wayne, Nebr., were
admitted to practice.
No. 280. Rosco Jones, petitioner, v. City of Opelika. Time within
which to file petition for rehearing extended to and including April
20 next, and mandate stayed on motion of Mr. Hayden Covington for
the petitioner.
No. 581. Adolph B. Spreckels, petitioner, v. Commissioner of In-
ternal Revenue; and
No. 582. Adolph B. Spreckels, petitioner, v. Commissioner of In-
ternal Revenue. Argument continued by Mr. Arnold Raum for the
respondent and concluded by Mr. Walter Slack for the petitioner.
No. 588. National Labor Relations Board, petitioner, v. Electric
Vacuum Cleaner Company, Inc., et al. Argued by Mr. Robert B. Watts
for the petitioner; by Lawrence C. Spieth for the respondent, Electric
Vacuum Cleaner Co., Inc.; and by Mr. Herbert S. Thatcher for the
respondent, International Molders' Union of North America, Local
430, et al.
No. 558. The United States of America, appellant, v. Dennis Mal-
phurs et al. Argument commenced by Mr. Herbert Wechsler for the
appellant and continued by Mr. John L. Graham for the appellees.
Adjourned until tomorrow at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Friday, March 6, will be as follows: Nos. 558,
589, 499, 595, 523, 600, 601, 648, 990, October Term, 1940, and
658.
Х
420417-42-64

FRIDAY, MARCH 6, 1942
173
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: The Chief Justice, Mr. Justice Roberts, Mr. Justice
Black, Mr. Justice Reed, Mr. Justice Frankfurter, Mr. Justice
Douglas, Mr. Justice Murphy, Mr. Justice Byrnes, and Mr. Justice
Jackson.
Albert Sidney Johnston, Jr., of Biloxi, Miss.; Arthur Frankel, of
Chicago, Ill.; Hilda Marie Gowen, of Washington, D. C.; Thomas F.
Gowen, of Washington, D. C.; Leo Brady, of New York City;
William G. Stigler, of Stigler, Okla.; James K. Smith. of Commerce,
Tex.; Irwin L. Tappen, of New York City; Max Goldenthal, of
West Hartford, Conn.; Herman Seid, of New York City; and
George L. Griffin, of Chicago, Ill., were admitted to practice.
No. 558. The United States of America, appellant, . Dennis
Malphurs et al. Argument concluded by Mr. Francis P. Whitehair
for the appellees.
No. 589. William Jacob, petitioner, c. The City of New York.
Argued by Mr. Dominick Blasi for the petitioner and by Mr. Alfred
T. White for the respondent.
No. 499. Memphis Natural Gas Company, appellant, v. Roy H.
Beeler, Attorney General of the State of Tennessee, et al. Argued
by Mr. Walter P. Armstrong for the appellant and by Mr. Whit-
worth Stokes and Mr. Lewis S. Pope for the appellees.
No. 595. Swift and Company et al., appellants, v. The United
States of America et al. Argument commenced by Mr. Ross Dean
Rynder for appellants, Swift & Co. et al.
Adjourned until Monday next at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Monday, March 9, will be as follows: Nos. 595,
523, 600, 601, 648, 990, October Term, 1940, 658, 665, 604, and
814.
420417-42――65
☑

MONDAY, MARCH 9, 1942
174
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: The Chief Justice, Mr. Justice Roberts, Mr. Justice
Black, Mr. Justice Reed, Mr. Justice Frankfurter, Mr. Justice
Douglas, Mr. Justice Murphy, Mr. Justice Byrnes, and Mr. Justice
Jackson.
J. Howard Marshall, of San Francisco, Calif.; Robert L. Hyder,
of West Plains, Mo.; Byron Clayton, of West Orange, N. J.; Charles
P. Dickinson, of Orlando, Fla.; Edward D. Lucas, of Petersburg,
Va.; Christian H. Bonnin, of New York City; Garfield O. Anderson,
of Salt Lake City, Utah; John E. Lawyer, of Washington, D. C.;
Francis S. Appleby, of New York City; John B. Coman, of New
York City; and Charles S. Cutler, of New York City were admitted
to practice.
No. 321. Stonite Products Company, petitioner, v. The Melvin
Lloyd Company, and J. A. Zurn Mfg. Co. On writ of certiorari to
the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Third Circuit.
Judgment reversed with costs and cause remanded to the District
Court of the United States for the Western District of Pennsylvania
for further proceedings in conformity with the opinion of this Court.
Opinion by Mr. Justice Murphy.
No. 255. Walter Chaplinsky, appellant, v. State of New Hamp-
shire. Appeal from the Supreme Court of the State of New Hamp-
shire. Judgment affirmed with costs. Opinion by Mr. Justice
Murphy.
No. 306. Josephine S. Pearce, petitioner, v. Commissioner of In-
ternal Revenue. On writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit
Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit. Judgment affirmed and
cause remanded to the said Circuit Court of Appeals. Opinion by
Mr. Justice Douglas. Dissenting opinion by Mr. Justice Frank-
furter in which the Chief Justice joins.
The Chief Justice announced the following orders of the Court:
No. 161. Clarence A. Stewart, Administrator etc., petitioner, v.
Southern Railway Company. On writ of certiorari to the United
States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Eighth Circuit. Per curiam:
Upon petition for rehearing, it appearing that the case has been
420417-42- -66

MONDAY, MARCH 9, 1942
175
settled, the petition is granted and the judgment entered February
16, 1942, is vacated. The judgment of the Circuit Court of Appeals
is reversed with costs and the case is remanded to the District Court
with directions to dismiss the suit as moot.
No. 532. Blake Centers, petitioners, v. Joseph W. Sanford, Warden,
United States Penitentiary, Atlanta, Georgia. On writ of certiorari to
the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit.
Per Curiam: Upon consent of the Government, the judgment be-
low is vacated and the case is remanded to the District court with
permission to both parties to reopen the case for the purpose of
taking further evidence with respect to all issues in the case, and for
findings on those issues, including whether petitioner consulted with
appointed counsel, whether such counsel appeared in court with
him, or whether he waived such consultation or appearance, and
whether he understood the charge to which he pleaded guilty.
No. 805. The Cudahy Packing Company, petitioner, v. Thomas
W. Holland, Administrator of the Wage and Hour Division, United
States Department of Labor. On petition for writ of certiorari to
the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Eighth Circuit.
Per curiam: The petition for writ of certiorari is granted. The
judgment is reversed on the authority of Cudahy Packing Co. of
Louisiana v. Holland, No. 245, decided March 2, 1942. Mr. Justice
Murphy took no part in the consideration or decision of this case.
No. 967. Theresa McSweeney, appellant, v. Equitable Trust Com-
pany. Appeal from the Court of Errors and Appeals of the State
of New Jersey. Per curiam: The motion to dismiss the appeal is
granted and the appeal is dismissed for the reason that the judg-
ment was based upon a nonfederal ground adequate to support it.
Enterprise Irrig. Dist. v. Canal Co., 243 U. S. 157; Utley v. St. Peters-
burg, 292 U. S. 106, 111–112.
The Chief Justice said:
"The other orders of the Court appear upon the list certified by
the Chief Justice and filed with the Clerk and will not be announced
orally."
No.
,
original. Ex parte Daniel P. Doyle, petitioner; and
No. original. Ex parte Ralph W. Fleeman, petitioner. The
motions for leave to file petitions for writs of habeas corpus are
denied.
No. 745. The Schenectady Union Publishing Company, peti-
tioner, v. Martin L. Sweeney. The motion for leave to file brief of
American Civil Liberties Union as amicus curiae is granted.

MONDAY, MARCH 9, 1942
176
No. 903. Robert L. Peyton, petitioner, v. Railway Express Agency,
Inc., et al. The motion for leave to proceed in forma pauperis is
granted. The petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Circuit Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit is also granted.
No. 913. American Chicle Company, petitioner, v. The United
States. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Claims
granted.
No. 644. Guy T. Helvering, Commissioner of Internal Revenue,
petitioner, v. Cement Investors, Inc.;
No. 645. Guy T. Helvering, Commissioner of Internal Revenue,
petitioner v. James Q. Newton Trust; and
No. 646. Guy T. Helvering, Commissioner of Internal Revenue,
petitioner, v. James Q. Newton, Jr. The petitions for rehearing are
granted. The orders denying certiorari are vacated and the peti-
tions for writs of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of
Appeals for the Tenth Circuit are granted.
No. 835. J. A. Zachariassen & Co., petitioner, v. The United
States. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Claims
denied. Mr. Justice Reed took no part in the consideration or deci-
sion of this application.
No. 900. John E. Sheridan and Leo A. Crossen, Trustees, etc., et al.,
petitioners, v. Walter J. Rothensies, Collector of Internal Revenue,
First Collection District of Pennsylvania. Petition for writ of
certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the
Third Circuit denied.
No. 921. Black Diamond Lines, Inc., petitioner, v. United States
Navigation Co., Inc.; and
No. 922. Black Diamond Lines, Inc., petitioner, v. United States
Navigation Co., Inc. Petition for writs of certiorari to the United
States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit denied.
No. 944. Inter-Ocean Casualty Company, petitioner, v. Bessie
Brockman. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Cir-
cuit Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 911. Bull Steamship Lines, Inc., petitioner, v. Guy A. Thomp-
son, Trustee, etc. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United
States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 28. Cloverleaf Butter Company, petitioner, v. Haygood
Paterson, as Commissioner of Agriculture and Industries of the
State of Alabama, et al. The opinion of February 2, 1942, is
amended as follows:
On page 4, line 5, strike out the words "comes under" and sub-
stitute therefor the words "is subject to."

MONDAY, MARCH 9, 1942
177
On page 14, line 15, strike out the word "watches" and substi-
tute therefor the words "has authority to watch."
On page 15, line 7, strike out the word "subjected" and substitute
therefor the word "subject."
On page 15, lines 7 and 8, strike out the word "continuous."
Respondents' petition for rehearing is denied.
No. 286. Guy T. Helvering, Commissioner of Internal Revenue,
petitioner, v. Southwest Consolidated Corporation. Petition for re-
hearing denied. Mr. Justice Roberts took no part in the considera-
tion or decision of this application.
No. 780. Guy T. Helvering, Commissioner of Internal Revenue,
petitioner, v. New Haven and Shore Line Railway Company, Inc.;
No. 786. Milton Roe Sabin and Bertha Florence Sabin, petitioners,
v. Home Owners' Loan; and
No. 811. Solomon G. Salomon, petitioner, v. Van S. Merle-Smith
et al. Petitions for rehearing denied.
ORDER
The Court will take a recess from Monday, March 16, until Mon-
day, March 30, next.
No. 622. Thomas W. Holland, Administrator etc., petitioner, v.
A. H. Belo Corporation. L. Metcalfe Walling, present administra-
tor of the Wage and Hour Division, United States Department of
Labor, substituted as the party petitioner in the place and stead of
Thomas W. Holland, resigned, on motion of Mr. Solicitor General
Fahy for the petitioner.
No. 745. The Schenectady Union Publishing Company, peti-
tioner, v. Martin L. Sweeney. Motion of New York State Publish-
ers Association for leave to file brief as amicus curiae submitted by
Mr. George C. Vournas in that behalf.
No.
--
original. Ex parte Martin Wohl et al., petitioners.
Motion for leave to file petition for writ of prohibition presented.
No. 595. Swift and Company et al., appellants, v. The United
States of America et al. Argument continued by Mr. Ross Dean
Rynder for the appellant Swift Co. et al.; by Mr. Hugh B. Cox for
the appellees United States and Interstate Commerce Commission;
by Mr. Douglas F. Smith for the appellees, The Alton R. R. Co.
et al.; and concluded by Mr. Paul E. Blanchard for the appellant,
Armour & Co.

MONDAY, MARCH 9, 1942
178
No. 523. Louis Weber, petitioner, v. The United States of Amer-
ica. Argued by Mr. Archibald Cox for the respondent and case
submitted by Mr. A. L. Wirin for the petitioner.
No. 600. Guy T. Helvering, Commissioner of Internal Revenue,
petitioner, v. Safe Deposit and Trust Company of Baltimore, Trus-
tee etc., et al. Argued by Mr. Assistant Attorney General Clark
for the petitioner and by Mr. Charles McH. Howard for the respon-
dent.
No. 601. M. Hampton Magruder, Collector of Internal Revenue,
petitioner, v. Washington, Baltimore and Annapolis Realty Cor-
poration. Argument commenced by Mr. Robert L. Stern for the
petitioner.
Adjourned until tomorrow at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Tuesday, March 10, will be as follows: Nos. 601,
648, 990, October Term, 1940, 658, 665, 604, 814, 500, 680, and
706.

TUESDAY, MARCH 10, 1942
179
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: The Chief Justice, Mr. Justice Roberts, Mr. Justice Black,
Mr. Justice Reed, Mr. Justice Frankfurter, Mr. Justice Douglas, Mr.
Justice Murphy, Mr. Justice Byrnes, and Mr. Justice Jackson.
Jack R. Kirchik, of Miami, Fla.; Henry T. Kilburn, of New York
City; Russell H. Fluent, of Seattle, Wash.; Chas. W. Briggs, of
Saint Paul, Minn.; William Henry Buntin, of Norfolk, Va.; and
John W. Cavanaugh, of Chicago, Ill., were admitted to practice.
No. 852. Mitchell Clifton Anderson et al., petitioners, v. The
United States of America. Time within which to file brief for the
respondent in opposition to the petition for writ of certiorari extended
to and including March 26 next, on motion of Mr. Solicitor General
Fahy for the respondent.
No. 601. M. Hampton Magruder, Collector of Internal Revenue,
petitioner, v. Washington, Baltimore and Annapolis Realty Corpora-
tion. Argument continued by Mr. Robert L. Stern for the petitioner;
by Mr. Richard F. Cleveland and Mr. Ambler H. Moss for the
respondent; and concluded by Mr. Robert L. Stern for the petitioner.
No. 648. Pecheur Lozenge Co., Inc., petitioner, v. National Candy
Company, Inc. Argued by Mr. Alfred J. L'Heureux for the peti-
tioner and by Mr. James D. Carpenter, Jr., for the respondent.
No. 990, October Term, 1940. The United States, petitioner, v. Nun-
nally Investment Company. Argument commenced by Mr. Arnold
Raum for the petitioner and continued by Mr. W. A. Sutherland for
the respondent.
Adjourned until tomorrow at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Wednesday, March 11, will be as follows Nos. 990,
October Term, 1940, 658, 665, 604, 814, 500, 680, 706, 707, and
720.
420417-42-67
☑

WEDNESDAY, MARCH 11, 1942
180
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: The Chief Justice, Mr. Justice Roberts, Mr. Justice Black,
Mr. Justice Reed, Mr. Justice Frankfurter, Mr. Justice Douglas, Mr.
Justice Murphy, Mr. Justice Byrnes, and Mr. Justice Jackson.
Everett J. Brown, Jr., of Oakland, Calif.; James W. Foley, of
San Jose, Calif.; Ralph Winkler, of Scranton, Pa.; Toland C. Mc-
Gettigan, of Santa Rosa, Calif.; Joseph H. Broderick, of New York
City; Edward Levin, of San Francisco, Calif.; George R. Larwill,
of Los Angeles, Calif.; Thomas A. Ryan, of New York City; and
Thomas Cifelli, Jr., of Bloomfield, N. J., were admitted to practice.
No. 990, October Term, 1940. The United States, petitioner, v.
Nunnally Investment Company. Argument continued by Mr. W. A.
Sutherland for the respondent and concluded by Mr. Arnold Raum
for the petitioner.
No. 658. United States of America, to the use of Noland Company,
Inc., petitioner, v. Alexander D. Irwin et al., etc. Argued by Mr.
Alexander M. Heron for the petitioner and by Mr. Prentice E.
Edrington for the respondents.
No. 665. Harriett V. Pence, petitioner, v. The United States of
America. Argument commenced by Mr. William B. Collins for the
petitioner and continued by Mr. Richard H. DeMuth for the re-
spondent.
Adjourned until tomorrow at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Thursday, March 12, will be as follows: Nos. 665,
604, 814, 500, 680, and 707.
420417-42-68

THURSDAY, MARCH 12, 1942
181
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: The Chief Justice, Mr. Justice Roberts, Mr. Justice Black,
Mr. Justice Reed, Mr. Justice Frankfurter, Mr. Justice Douglas, Mr.
Justice Murphy, Mr. Justice Byrnes, and Mr. Justice Jackson.
Robert Edward Dickman, of Lincoln, Nebr.; Rudolph J. Jurick, of
Union, N. J.; and Hugh D. Glisson, of Portsmouth, Va., were ad-
mitted to practice.
No. 665. Harriett V. Pence, petitioner, v. The United States of
America. Argument continued by Mr. Richard H. Demuth for the
respondent and concluded by Mr. William B. Collins for the peti-
tioner.
No. 604. Mark Graves et al., as Commissioners, etc., petitioners, v.
Carl J. Schmidlapp and Elizabeth E. Gorrie, as Executors, etc.
Argued by Mr. Mortimer M. Kassell for the petitioners and by Mr.
Thomas A. Ryan for the respondents.
No. 814. The State Tax Commission of Utah, petitioner, v. Mal-
colm P. Aldrich and Mary S. Harkness, Administrators, etc. Argu-
ment commenced by Mr. J. Lambert Gibson for the petitioner; con-
tinued by Mr. Garfield O. Anderson for the petitioner, and by Mr.
Melber Chambers for the respondents; and concluded by Mr. Gar-
field O. Anderson for the petitioner.
No. 500. The United States of America upon the relation of and
for the use of The Tennessee Valley Authority, petitioner, v. W. P. N.
Powelson, Assignee etc., et al. Argument commenced by Mr. William
C. Fitts, Jr., for the petitioner.
Adjourned until tomorrow at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Friday, March 13, will be as follows: Nos. 500
and 680.
420417-42- -69

FRIDAY, MARCH 13, 1942
182
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: The Chief Justice, Mr. Justice Roberts, Mr. Justice
Black, Mr. Justice Reed, Mr. Justice Frankfurter, Mr. Justice
Douglas, Mr. Justice Murphy, Mr. Justice Byrnes, and Mr. Justice
Jackson.
Giles Henry Penstone, of Chicago, Ill.; Harry Price, of Washing-
ton, D. C.; Fleet Cooper Hathorn, Jr., of Hattiesburg, Miss.; Lud-
wig M. Wilson, of New York City; Mitchell Salem Fisher, of New
York City Bernard D. Fischman, of New York City; Adolph
Magidson, of New York City; David F. Taber, of Chicago, Ill.;
and Charles R. Denny, Jr., of Washington D. C., were admitted to
practice.
No. 500. The United States of America upon the relation and for
the use of The Tennessee Valley Authority, petitioner, v. W. P. N.
Powelson, Assignee, etc., et al. Argument continued by Mr. William
C. Fitts, Jr., and Mr. Solicitor General Fahy for the petitioner ;
and concluded by Mr. Arthur T. Vanderbilt for the respondents.
No. 680. U. S. Industrial Chemicals, Inc., petitioner, v. Carbide
and Carbon Chemicals Corporation. Argued by Mr. William H.
Davis for the petitioner and by Mr. Samuel E. Darby, Jr., for the
respondent.
Adjourned until Monday, March 16, next at 12 o'clock.
420417-42――70

MONDAY, MARCH 16, 1942
183
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: The Chief Justice, Mr. Justice Roberts, Mr. Justice Black,
Mr. Justice Reed, Mr. Justice Frankfurter, Mr. Justice Douglas,
Mr. Justice Murphy, Mr. Justice Byrnes, and Mr. Justice Jackson.
Joseph B. Quinn, of Philadelphia, Pa.; Robert C. Bassett, of Green
Bay, Wis.; Stephen Alfred Wilson, of New York City, Willard John
Stone, Jr., of Pasadena, Calif.; Samuel E. Neel, of Kansas City, Mo.;
Dick Hoblit Woods, of Kansas City, Mo.; Philip Donald DeHoff, of
Jacksonville, Fla.; Charles Sumner Moore, of Atlantic City, N. J.;
and Ray A. Heimburger, of Sandusky, Ohio, were admitted to
practice.
Mr. Attorney General Biddle addressed the Court, as follows:
May It Please the CouRT:
Members of the Bar of this Court assembled this morning in respect-
ful and affectionate tribute to the memory of Mr. Justice Van
Devanter. A Minute and resolution were adopted which I have the
honor to present, with the request that they be embodied in the
permanent records of the Court. The Minute is as follows:
"WILLIS VAN DEVANTER was of the stuff of which pioneers are made.
When he died his country lost a virile and devoted son.
The story of his eventful life is a record of faithful and distin-
guished public service. Nevertheless when the long chronicle has
been read the man himself seems even more impressive than the things
he did. The simple fact is that he stood forth a man among men.
He was a son of the Hoosier State. Born in Marion on April 17,
1859, his self-development began in the public schools. DePauw Uni-
versity claimed him as the most distinguished of its alumni. In the
law school of Cincinnati University he prepared for admission to the
bar. After a few years of practice in his home town, during which
he served as Deputy County Prosecutor, he answered the call of the
West and was among those who helped organize the Territory of
Wyoming into Statehood. After having served under appointment by
President Harrison as a Justice of the Supreme Court of the Territory,
he became Chief Justice of the new State. President McKinley made
him an Assistant to the Attorney General of the United States at-
tached to the Department of the Interior. President Theodore Roose-
velt commissioned him a Circuit Judge in the Eighth Circuit.
420417-42——71

MONDAY, MARCH 16, 1942
184
By President Taft he was appointed an Associate Justice of the
Supreme Court of the United States. He and Mr. Justice Lamar took
their seats upon the Bench on January 3, 1911. From that day to the
day of his retirement, June 2, 1937, he devoted himself assiduously to
the work of the Court. He was a colleague whose understanding, cour-
tesy, and generosity toward the other members of the Court have never
been exceeded. His personal friendliness and cordiality and his desire
to be helpful easily survived any disagreement in views. These quali-
ties enabled him to hold the warm affection and respect of every col-
league and contributed much to the esprit of the Court.
The course of his life before his elevation to the Supreme Bench
fitted him in eminent degree for the work which as an Associate
Justice he was called upon to do. His Wyoming experience had
given him an intimate knowledge and sympathetic understanding
of the people of the great western area.
As Assistant Attorney General, charged with the problems of
the Interior Department, he had acquired an unrivaled knowl-
edge of the public land law, of the law of waters as it existed in
the western portion of the United States and of the law respecting
the Indians as embodied in treaties, acts of Congress and adminis-
trative practice. It is not too much to say that, when he came upon
the Supreme Court, he was one of the most expert persons in the
United States in these fields. Throughout his service on the Court,
his counsel and advice on these matters were invaluable to his
brethren.
His experience as a lawyer and as a Judge of the Circuit Court
of Appeals for the Eighth Circuit had made him familiar with
federal practice and with the relation of the federal government
to that of the States. His opinions written for the Supreme Court
on questions of procedure and on the constitutional relationship be-
tween the States and the nation are amongst the most careful, ac-
curate and important adjudications of the Court during his term
of service. Each of his opinions was the product of hard work. It
is even said that on each of them he spent prodigious labor. His
mental processes were simple and direct and his literary style was
wholesome and unaffected. Mr. Justice Van Devanter's knowledge
in matters of procedure has been described as "perfectly extraor-
dinary." When colleagues were inclined to regard some question
of procedure as one of first impression he would go quietly to the
shelves, take down a volume of the Reports and find among the
memorandum opinions at the end of the volume a precedent exactly
in point.
When some years ago the then Chief Justice and the other Justices
were consulted in regard to general orders in bankruptcy, the Chief

MONDAY, MARCH 16, 1942
185
Justice expressed complete reliance upon Mr. Justice Van Devanter
as the strongest man in the Court to deal with such problems.
In a controversy between the United States and Canada, Mr.
Justice Van Devanter and Chief Justice Duff served as the Commis-
sioners contemplated by the Convention between the two Govern-
ments. The unprejudiced, judicious, and tactful way in which the
Commissioners discharged their delicate duty brought the contro-
versy to a fair and generally satisfactory conclusion.
Mr. Justice Van Devanter was distinguished for two great judicial
qualities. He had, in the first place, a remarkable sense of propor-
tion and never pressed a principle to the extreme in disregard of
considerations of policy and practicality. He did not lack the
courage to stand, and stand firmly, by a principle which he deemed
sound. On the other hand he recognized that reconciliation and
adjustment are quite as important, in the light of the facts and the
result, as is rigid adherence to principle. In the second place, he had
a most orderly and analytical mind. The problems presented by a
cause seemed, without effort on his part, to fall into their sequential
relation. It resulted that his exposition of his views in conference
was clear and orderly. It has been a matter of remark that, if a
stenographer could have been present and had taken down some of
his statements of cases, those statements might well have been made
the opinions of the Court, so lucid, so orderly, and so comprehensive
were they. His extreme conscientiousness and thoroughness in en-
deavoring to get to the bottom of every question of fact and law pre-
sented to him were distinguishing characteristics. He was wont to
look carefully into minute details which might conceivably have a
bearing upon the case before him and insisted on having it made
clear to him what their effect might be. Many judges have assumed
that they can ignore details of this sort; but those who practised
before Judge Van Devanter recall that often he would pick an im-
portant point out of something that counsel had not considered worth
dealing with.
If it be necessary to conform to the custom of classifying judges
as Liberal or Conservative, Mr. Justice Van Devanter must be
styled as a Conservative but this is said with a realization that there
is more than one species within each genus. His was not the con-
servatism attributable to tradition or to worldly possessions. He
acted in the living present and he preferred the simple life. Himself
no stranger to frontier experiences, he had in him the spirit of the
men who won the West and of those others who in an earlier day
fought for the liberties which have been the glory of America.
These he deemed priceless and when he conceived them to be in danger
he was vigorous in their defence. He had boundless admiration for

MONDAY, MARCH 16, 1942
186
the pioneers of that era when going was roughest. "There were
no drones in those days," he once remarked; "the country would not
support them."
Willis Van Devanter was at heart a sportsman and a lover of the
great open spaces. In early days Buffalo Bill was often his com-
panion on hunting trips and the future Justice was happy in the
companionship of men inured to hardship and danger. He was,
however, a farmer even before he was a hunter, for at fifteen he
took charge of his grandfather's farm, did the plowing, and attended
to all the work. When he retired from the Supreme Court it was
life on a farm for which he longed and when he bought a farm in
Maryland it was the realization of a long-deferred hope. On these
fertile acres he spent most of his allotted time. During his public
career he had been the recipient of many honors and the object of
much eulogy, but it is said he prized as highly as any other
tributes the testimony of a tenant on the place who said of the
retired Justice that he was "a helpful farmhand." In his youth,
before he headed westward, he had invited Dollie Burhans, of
Iona, Michigan, to live his life and share his fortunes. She ac-
cepted and they were married. Their life together was exceptionally
happy. She bore him two sons who survive their father. Her death
came in 1934 when she and her husband were traveling abroad.
Death overtook the Justice on February 8, 1941. His two surviving
sons, a brother, and two devoted sisters were among those who stood
with bowed heads when the Chaplain of the United States Senate
read the solemn words of the Burial Service.
Such was the man in honor of whom this meeting is held. Many
of those present date their friendship for him from the day when, as
young practitioners in his court, he showed them kindly considera-
tion and made them feel at home. Strong, straightforward, God-
fearing and loyal, let it be recorded of him that he represented America
at her best.
RESOLVED that the foregoing Minute be adopted, that a copy of it be
transmitted to the family of Mr. Justice Van Devanter, and that the
Attorney General of the United States be asked to present the Minute
to the Court on behalf of the Bar with the request that it be inscribed
upon the records of the Court."
For twenty-seven years Mr. Justice Van Devanter sat as a member
of this Court, serving under three Chief Justices, in six Presidencies,
during two depressions, and a major war. Prior to his appointment,
he had rendered distinguished service as a judge of the Eighth Cir-
cuit Court of Appeals as well as of State and territorial courts; as
an Assistant Attorney General, guiding the Department of the Interior

MONDAY, MARCH 16, 1942
187
through the complex problems presented in the management of the
public lands; as an active and successful attorney, conducting an excit-
ing practice in a rugged land; and as a prominent participant in the
development of Wyoming from Territory to State. Thus he brought
to the service of this Court the fruits of wide experience, happily com-
bined with a fine intellect, great learning, and ardent devotion to the
judicial office. In his opinions, in conference, and in moulding the
legislative framework of the Court's jurisdiction, he played an im-
portant part in the enduring work of the Court.
Though Mr. Justice Van Devanter was a specialist in several
phases of the Court's business, his opinions include many cases which
attracted widespread interest. Almost at the beginning of his service
he held for a divided court that defendants who cornered the cotton
market were guilty of a restraint of trade under the Sherman Act
(U. S. v. Patten, 226 U. S. 525). He delivered the judgment in the
National Prohibition Cases (253 U. S. 350). He spoke for the Court
in Pennsylvania v. West Virginia. barring under the commerce clause
the reservation by a State for the use of its inhabitants of a major
portion of the natural gas produced within its boundaries; in New
York v. Zimmerman, 278 U. S. 63, sustaining a State statute requiring
secret societies to register their membership; in Johnson v. Manhattan
Railway, 289 U. S. 479, untangling the complicated issues of jurisdic-
tion and policy in an important railroad receivership; in Wyoming v.
Colorado, resolving the recurrent problems involved in the contro-
versy between the two States over water rights in the Laramie River
(259 U. S. 419, 496; 260 U. S. 1; 298 U. S. 573); in Ex parte Bakelite
Corp., 279 U. S. 438, and Federal Radio Commission v. General Elec-
tric Company, 281 U. S. 464, distinguishing judicial from administra-
tive action with reference to the constitutional limitation of the juris-
diction of this Court to "cases" and "controversies."
On the great
issues that divided the Court in recent years, he wrote but rarely,
though his position was clear and held with firm conviction. Ref-
erence may be made, however, to Evans v. Gore, 253 U. S. 245, and
Indian Motocycle Co. v. United States, 283 U. S. 570, dealing with
the extent of immunity from federal taxation.
As a Circuit Judge, Justice Van Devanter had dealt with all the
problems of the western states during the years of his service. His
opinion in Brewster v. Lanyon Zinc Co., 140 F. 801, is famous for
the establishment of the doctrine that oil and gas leases may be
declared void for breach of an implied covenant to develop the
land. His opinions on this Court reflect his abiding interest in
public land questions and his special concern with Indian problems
and with the intricate but far-reaching issues of jurisdiction and
procedure.
420417-42- -72

MONDAY, MARCH 16, 1942
188
For the Indians he had the deepest sympathy and understanding
and in their cases, particularly in his later years on the Bench, he
was almost invariably the spokesman of the Court. Each such
decision was made the occasion for an essay in tribal history, so
that one may trace the wanderings of the Western tribes through
opinions such as those in United States v. Reily, 290 U. S. 33; United
States v. The Creek Nation, 295 U. S. 103, and others. He said of
the Pueblo tribe, in United States v. Chavez, 290 U. S. 359, 361:
"They are essentially a simple, uninformed, and dependent people,
easily victimized and ill-prepared to cope with the superior intel-
ligence and cunning of others." To the extent of his power, the
Justice protected the "ignorant" from the "cunning."
In the field of jurisdiction and procedure, Justice Van Devanter
was an acknowledged master. His opinions in the Bakelite, Radio
Commission and Manhattan Railway cases have been noted. To these
we may add, almost at random, such decisions as the Second Em-
ployers' Liability Cases, 223 U. S. 1; Wells Fargo v. Taylor, 254
U. S. 175; Lee v. Chesapeake & Ohio Ry. Co., 260 U. S. 653; and
Employers Reinsurance Corp. v. Bryant, 299 U. S. 374, dealing with
the vital issues involved in the relationship of state and federal
courts; Slocum v. New York Life Insurance Co., 228 U. S. 364 and
Baltimore & Carolina Line Inc. v. Redman, 295 U. S. 654, dealing
with procedure; and Dahnke-Walker Milling Co. v. Bondurant, 257
U. S. 282, dealing with the scope of appeal as of right on federal
questions arising in state courts.
Relatively speaking, Justice Van Devanter's opinions were not
numerous, for he wrote with great deliberation and care. Yet his
opinions, like all true artistic achievement, conceal the effort involved
in their creation. There are no waste passages, no needless quota-
tions, no superfluous citations. The argument moves from premise
to conclusion, articulate, closely reasoned, and complete, each opinion
a model of orderly reasoning and lucid expression. But it was
not only for his majority opinions, or for his very few dissenting
opinions, that Justice Van Devanter will be remembered. It is
the process of deliberation in considering cases that makes the Court
an organic entity rather than the aggregate of nine individual votes.
In this Justice Van Devanter rendered invaluable service. His
courtesy, his penetrating logic, his enormous knowledge of prece-
dent, and his capacity for oral presentation were here brought to
bear at the crucial moment. These talents led Chief Justice Taft
in 1926 to say that Justice Van Devanter "exercises more influence,
a good deal, than any other member of the Court." His service
in the conference is attested also by Chief Justice Hughes and,
upon his retirement, led to the statement by his brother Justices

MONDAY, MARCH 16, 1942
189
that his "labors have entered into the very warp and woof of the
Court."
The part that Justice Van Devanter played in the drafting and
presentation to Congress of the Judges' Bill which became the
Judiciary Act of 1925 will be a monument to his memory long after
individual cases are lost in the anonymity of time. Following the
retirement of Mr. Justice Day, Justice Van Devanter became Chair-
man of the Committee of the Court engaged in the preparation of
the bill. The original draft submitted to the Court in 1921 was
largely his work, and upon its subsequent introduction in the Con-
gress, the chief burden of explanation of the bill in the Congressional
hearings of 1922 and 1924 fell to him. The hearings happily give
us an enduring record of those qualities of Justice Van Devanter
which served so fruitfully in the conferences of the Court. On all
the phases of appellate jurisdiction of the Supreme Court and the
Circuit Courts of Appeals, he answered question after question,
simply, succinctly, precisely, exhibiting complete knowledge of every
intricacy, every detail, including peculiarities of practice even in
the territorial courts. The Act itself, serving as it did, to extend
the system of discretionary review and to provide a unified state-
ment of the appellate jurisdiction, will stand as one of the great
legislative achievements of our time.
When Justice Van Devanter retired from this Court, at the age of
seventy-eight, after thirty-four years of continuous service as a fed-
eral judge, he had earned repose. Characteristically, however, he was
ready to serve in a District Court to relieve a congested docket, saying
quite simply "I am still a judge." So in the last years of his life he
presided at the trial of several major cases. His conduct of the trial,
his charge to the jury, his treatment of counsel and of witnesses was
a model to the profession.
The success in working with others which contributed to Justice
Van Devanter's judicial career graced his entire life. His courtesy
had an earnestness which was compelling. He had great capacity for
friendship. He had the human warmth which knows no line of doc-
trine. In his personal relations, as in his judicial work, he sought an
element of perfection. When he died the Chief Justice spoke for the
Bar as well as for the Court in saying: "He was a man of sterling
character and of rare sagacity, a wise counsellor, and a faithful
friend."
As a state and federal official, as a judge and as a justice, he gave his
life to the service of his country.
The Chief Justice said:
Mr. ATTORNEY GENERAL: It is altogether fitting that the Bar
and this Court, of which Justice Van Devanter was so long a mem-

MONDAY, MARCH 16, 1942
190
ber, should now express and here record their estimate of his char-
acter and his eminent services. During most of his active life Justice
Van Devanter was a public servant, for whose services there could.
be no greater reward than recognition that they were well and
faithfully performed. Such recognition by his professional brethren
is the only reward he would have prized.
No mere catalogue of the events and achievements of his career
could give an adequate impression of the man. His distinction was
so preeminently that of character and personality, and was so rooted
in his conception of the duties and obligations of the judicial office,
that we should miss the true significance of his work as a judge
if we were to attempt to define it wholly in terms of his public
record. But his character and personality were not uninfluenced by
environment. All that he experienced in his early days in the West
and his later contacts with it did much to shape the pattern of his
life. As lawyer, legislator, and judge in Wyoming in its period
of transition from territorial government to statehood, and later
as Circuit Judge for the Eighth Circuit, exercising his jurisdiction
throughout a vast territory extending westward from the Mississippi
River to the foothills of the Rockies, he made his own something
of the tradition and outlook of the pioneer West.
He saw and was a part of the expansion of free enterprise in the
development of the new world lying beyond the Mississippi. It was
a period when, more than any other in our history, men were the
masters of their fate. They sought the great West to build homes,
acquire property, and establish orderly communities. As good citi-
zens they were zealous to put down the lawlessness of the frontier and
to establish laws and courts which would insure the safety of persons
and property. Beyond that they asked only for that most natural
and characteristic of privileges in a thinly settled country-the right
to be let alone. Theirs was the philosophy that that government
governs best which governs least, a philosophy not without its effect
upon Justice Van Devanter's appraisal of the functions of govern-
ment under the restraints of a written constitution.
As Circuit Judge his opinions in appellate cases speedily won
the recognition of Bench and Bar by the range and accuracy of the
legal knowledge which they exhibited, the care with which they were
prepared and their clarity of statement. His quick perception, his
ready command of the rules of evidence, his alert and incisive mind,
gave him special facility in the trial of jury cases. The trials over
which he presided as Circuit Judge, of which there were many of note,
were conducted with exemplary fairness, courtesy, firmness, and dis-
patch. He never lost his zest for the forensic battleground. His
last judicial service, after his retirement from this Court, was to pre-

MONDAY, MARCH 16, 1942
191
side over several trials in the District Court in New York. It was a
matter of public comment that under his sure and skillful direction
they were models for the administration of trial justice.
As Assistant Attorney General assigned to the Interior Depart-
ment and later as Judge in a western circuit, he was most frequently
concerned with the infinite variety of questions arising out of the
administration of the public-land laws. Never content with super-
ficial knowledge or performance, he devoted himself assiduously to
their mastery. He thus gained expert knowledge of mining laws
and the law of water rights in the semiarid regions of the West,
of the laws and treaties affecting the right of Indians, of the rights
of government and individuals arising out of the railroad land
grants and other grants of the public lands-all of which continued
to occupy the attention of the courts throughout his lifetime. His
acquaintance with the history and customs of the Indian tribes, his
sympathetic understanding of their inability to cope with the greed
and cunning to which they were so often exposed, made him a veri-
table citadel of justice for this hapless people. Early in his career
he had occasion to make special studies in equity jurisprudence and
of the procedure and jurisdiction of the federal courts. His knowl-
edge of these indispensable aids to the sound administration of justice
was profound.
It was with this background and experience and these special
skills that Justice Van Devanter began in 1911 his service as a
Justice of this Court, which was to continue for over twenty-six
years until his retirement in June 1937. You do well, Mr. Attorney
General, to make mention of some of the notable cases in which he
wrote opinions for the Court, for they give something of the meas-
ure of the man and the lawyer. They remind us that while he
brought to this Court the benefits of his special knowledge and
experience in particular branches of the law, he was by no means
a narrow specialist. They cover a wide range of interests. They
evidence the breadth and depth of his knowledge in many fields
of the law and reveal the vigor, sanity, and precision of his mind.
They exhibit the sense of proportion with which he adapted prin-
ciples of the law to the special facts and circumstances to which they
were to be applied. They are models of judicial exposition, never
discursive, redundant, or sprinkled with irrelevant citations. Sim-
ple and direct in statement, orderly, lucid, complete; they give a
hint, but only a hint, of the painstaking care which in fact he gave
to their preparation.
This Court often had occasion to draw on Justice Van Devanter's
exceptional knowledge of procedure and judicial administration for
purposes other than the decision of cases and the writing of opinions.

MONDAY, MARCH 16, 1942
192
A notable example was his supervision, as chairman of a committee
of the Court, over the receivership growing out of the boundary
dispute between Oklahoma and Texas, which occupied the attention
of the Court from 1920 to 1925. Another was his participation in
the drafting of the Judiciary Act of 1925. To his special familiarity
with the organization and appellate practice of the federal courts,
to his skill in draftsmanship in preparing the Act, and to his
luminous expositions of its provisions, are due in large measure
the enactment of that legislation. It gave to the Court freedom
to direct its efforts to the performance of its true function as the
highest appellate court of a nation-wide judicial system.
Those whose privilege it was to sit with Justice Van Devanter
in this Court know well that the public evidences of his judicial
activities conceal rather more than they reveal what was his great-
est service to the Court and to the public. It was a service inspired
by his high conception of the function of a Justice of this Court,
and of the part which the Court itself should play in our constitutional
system. He was profoundly aware that the true source of the strength
of the Court and the permanency of its influence is public confidence
in the thoroughness, integrity, and disinterestedness with which it
does its work. In his mind this signified, and rightly so, the need
of unremitting study by every judge of every record and application
which comes to the Court for disposition, and the free and frank
exchange of views with associates as preliminaries to decision un-
affected by extrinsic influences or nonjudicial considerations.
This faith, sustained by his natural fidelity to every task which he
undertook, and the force of his example, exercised a powerful and
wholesome influence on the deliberations of the Court. Continued
without interruption for more than twenty-six years, it would be
difficult to overestimate its importance in perpetuating and strengthen-
ing this great tradition of the Court. At the conference table he was
a tower of strength. When his turn came to present his views of the
case in hand, no point was overlooked, no promising possibility left
unexplored. His statements were characteristically lucid and com-
plete, the manifest expression of a judgment exercised with unswerv-
ing independence. Often his expositions would have served worthily,
both in point of form and substance, as the Court's opinion in the
case.
He had an abiding faith that reason would afford the solvent for
every problem of judicial cognizance. He thought and spoke of this
Court as the place for the final appeal to reason in composing the
inevitable conflicts growing out of the distribution by the Constitution
of the diverse powers of government.

MONDAY, MARCH 16, 1942
193
In the provisions of the Constitution, and particularly the Fifth
and Fourteenth Amendments, he saw safeguards to those rights and
privileges of the individual which he regarded as the chief spiritual
values of the society which he had known in his own life and experi-
ence. Those who differed with him differed not in their appraisal of
such values but in their judgment that an instrument of government,
intended to endure for ages to come, could not rightly be interpreted
as casting a dynamic society in so rigid a mold. Both were content
to resolve their differences by the appeal to reason in the course of
adjudication. Both would have regarded as inappropriate and inept
the labelling of their differing views of the appropriate boundaries of
constitutional power as either conservative or liberal.
Apart from cherished family ties and the association with friends
and colleagues, the work of the Court was his chief interest in life.
To that he gave of himself to the uttermost and without interruption
until the very day of his retirement. He was a man of simple, un-
obtrusive religious faith; modesty and simplicity were the keynotes of
his life. It was a life untouched by any interest in or desire for wealth.
He had a large capacity for friendship. He instinctively sought to find
in others the qualities which would merit his esteem. His relations
with his colleagues were marked by his uniform courtesy and helpful-
ness and by their mutual regard. In his daily intercourse with them
and in the discussion of every pending problem, his statements were
direct, forthright, and crystal clear, because they were the true reflec-
tion of his thought.
As we recall the years of association in a common endeavor, the clash
of mind with mind in the unending struggle to attain in some measure
the ideal of justice under law, there lives in memory this man's devotion
and loyalty to a great task, the integrity and sturdy independence with
which he wrought. For these are the attributes of the judge, without
which there can be no justice. They are the foundation stones of the
institution which we serve.
No. 505. Lester A. Crancer and George B. Fleischman, copartners,
doing business under the firm names of Valley Steel Products Com-
pany and Mid-Valley Steel Company, petitioners, v. Frank O. Low-
den, James E. Gorman, and Joseph B. Fleming, Trustees of the
Chicago, Rock Island and Pacific Railway Company. On writ of
certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the
Eighth Circuit. Judgment affirmed with costs and cause remanded
to the District Court of the United States for the Eastern District of
Missouri. Opinion by Mr. Justice Byrnes.
No. 96. The People of Puerto Rico, petitioner, v. Rubert Hermanos,
Inc., et al. On writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court

MONDAY, MARCH 16, 1942
194
of Appeals for the First Circuit. Judgment reversed with costs and
cause remanded to the Supreme Court of Puerto Rico for further
proceedings not inconsistent with the opinion of this Court. Opinion
by Mr. Justice Byrnes. Dissenting: The Chief Justice and Mr. Justice
Roberts.
No. 581. Adolph B. Spreckles, petitioner, v. Commissioner of
Internal Revenue; and
No. 582. Adolph B. Spreckles, petitioner, v. Commissioner of
Internal Revenue. On writs of certiorari to the United States Circuit
Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit. Judgments affirmed and
cases remanded to the said Circuit Court of Appeals. Opinion by
Mr. Justice Black. Mr. Justice Jackson took no part in the con-
sideration or decision of these cases.
No. 95. The People of Puerto Rico, petitioner, v. Russell & Co.,
S en C. On writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of
Appeals for the First Circuit. Judgment affirmed with costs and
cause remanded to the Supreme Court of Puerto Rico. Opinion by
Mr. Justice Roberts. Dissenting opinion by Mr. Justice Douglas in
which Mr. Justice Black, Mr. Justice Murphy, and Mr. Justice Byrnes
join.
No. 265. Federal Power Commission and Illinois Commerce Com-
mission, petitioners, v. Natural Gas Pipeline Company of America and
Texoma Natural Gas Company; and
No. 268. Natural Gas Pipeline Company of America and Texoma
Natural Gas Company, petitioners, v. Federal Power Commission and
Illinois Commerce Commission. On writs of certiorari to the United
States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Seventh Circuit. Judgment
reversed and cases remanded to the said Circuit Court of Appeals for
further proceedings in conformity with the opinion of this Court.
Opinion by Mr. Chief Justice Stone. Concurring opinion by Mr.
Justice Black, Mr. Justice Douglas, and Mr. Justice Murphy,
announced by Mr. Justice Black. Concurring opinion by Mr. Justice
Frankfurter.
The Chief Justice announced the following order of the Court:
No. 954. Public Service Company of Indiana and Union Trust
Company of Indianapolis, Trustee, appellants, v. City of Lebanon,
Indiana. Appeal from the Supreme Court of the State of Indiana.
Per curiam: The appeal is dismissed for want of a substantial fed-
eral question. McGovern v. New York, 229 U. S. 363; Roberts v.
New York City, 295 U. S. 264; Shriver v. Woodbine Savings Bank,
285 U. S. 467; Pennsylvania Hospital v. Philadelphia, 245 U. S. 20;
Violet Trapping Co. v. Grace, 297 U. S. 119.

MONDAY, MARCH 16, 1942
The Chief Justice said:
195
"The other orders of the Court appear upon the list certified by
the Chief Justice and filed with the Clerk and will not be announced
orally."
No., original. Ex parte Martin Wohl et al., petitioners. A rule
is ordered to issue, returnable Monday, March 30, next, requiring the
respondent to show cause why leave to file the petition for writ of
prohibition should not be granted.
No. 745. The Schenectady Union Publishing Company, petitioner,
v. Martin L. Sweeney. The motion of New York State Publishers
Association for leave to file brief as amicus curiae is granted.
No. 924. Arsenal Building Corporation and Spear & Co., Inc., pe-
titioners, v. Philip B. Fleming, Administrator etc. The motion to
substitute is granted and L. Metcalfe Walling, present Administrator
of the Wage and Hour Division, United States Department of Labor,
is substituted as the party respondent herein in the place and stead
of Philip B. Fleming, resigned.
No. 929. Norman Williams, petitioner, v. R. H. Lawrence, Super-
intendent. On petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court
of the State of Georgia;
No. 932. Edmond L. Viles and Frances N. Viles, petitioners, v.
The Prudential Insurance Company of America. On petition for
writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals
for the Tenth Circuit; and
No. 935. James M. Wright, petitioner, v. First Joint Stock Land
Bank of Fort Wayne et al. On petition for writ of certiorari to
the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Seventh Circuit.
The motions for leave to proceed further herein in forma pauperis are
denied for the reason that the Court, upon examination of the papers
herein submitted, finds no ground upon which writs of certiorari
should be issued. The petitions for writs of certiorari are there-
fore also denied.
No. 966. Charles Jobin, appellant, v. The State of Arizona;
No. 1025. National Broadcasting Company, Inc., et al., appellants,
v. The United States of America et al.;
No. 1026. Columbia Broadcasting System, Inc., appellant, v. The
The United States of America et al.; and
No. 1036. Chrysler Corporation et al., appellants, v. The United
States of America. In these cases probable jurisdiction is noted.
No. 314. Lois Bowden and Zada Sanders, petitioners, v. City of
Fort Smith, Arkansas. The order denying certiorari is vacated and
the petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of the
State of Arkansas is granted. The case is assigned for argument
immediately following No. 966.

MONDAY, MARCH 16, 1942
196
No. 947. M. Hampton Magruder, Collector of Internal Revenue,
etc., petitioner, v. Frederick M. Supplee and Elizabeth G. Supplee,
his wife. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit
Court of Appeals for the Fourth Circuit granted.
No. 948. Marine Harbor Properties, Inc., petitioner, v. Manufac-
turer's Trust Company (successor by merger to the Mortgage Cor-
poration of New York), as Trustee, etc., et al. Petition for writ
of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the
Second Circuit granted.
No. 844. Bakery Sales Drivers Local Union No. 344 (A. F. of L.)
et al., petitioners, v. Carpenter Baking Company. Petition for writ of
certiorari to the Supreme Court of the State of Wisconsin denied.
No. 858. David P. Lavietes, petitioner, v. Ferro Stamping and
Manufacturing Company et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
United States, Circuit Court of Appeals for the Sixth Circuit denied.
No. 917. United States Fidelity and Guaranty Company, peti-
tioner, v. Ethel M. Doheny, as Administratrix, etc. Petition for
writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for
the Ninth Circuit denied.
No. 928. Armand Schmoll, Inc., petitioner, v. The Federal Re-
serve Bank of New York. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
Supreme Court of the State of New York denied.
No. 930. Scherck, Richter Company, petitioner, v. Thomas N.
Dysart and Frederick W. Straus, as Members of the Central Prop-
erties First Mortgage Bondholders' Committee, et al. Petition for
writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for
the Eighth Circuit denied.
No. 931. The North Electric Manufacturing Company, petitioner,
v. National Labor Relations Board. Petition for writ of certiorari
to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Sixth Circuit
denied.
No. 936. Edward L. Corbett, petitioner, v. Lillian J. Halliwell.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of
Appeals for the Second Circuit denied.
No. 941. The D. W. Klein Company, petitioner, v. Guy T. Helver-
ing, Commissioner of Internal Revenue. Petition for writ of cer-
tiorari to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Seventh
Circuit denied.
No. 942. Bryan County, State of Oklahoma, et al., petitioners, v.
The United States of America. Petition for writ of certiorari to
the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Tenth Circuit
denied.

Х
MONDAY, MARCH 16, 1942
197
No. 951. Standard Oil Company of New Jersey, petitioner, v.
Olaf Jorgensen, James J. Shea, et al. Petition for writ of certiorari
to the Municipal Court of the City of New York, Borough of Man-
hattan, First District, State of New York, denied.
No. 953. Princeton Knitting Mills, Inc., petitioner, v. Arcadia
Knitting Mills, Inc. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United
States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Third Circuit denied.
No. 81. Julian Riley and Hughes Spalding, Executors, etc., peti-
tioners, v. The New York Trust Company, Administrator, etc., et al.;
No. 179. Alexander MacGregor, Jr., Executor, etc., petitioner, v.
State Mutual Life Assurance Company of Worcester, Massachusetts;
No. 821. Thomas D. Aiken, Tillie Davenport, et al., petitioners,
v. Samuel Insull, Jr., Philip J. McEnroe, et al.;
No. 822. DeMet's, Incorporated, and Robert E. Wood, petitioners,
v. Samuel Insull, Jr., C. W. Sills, et al.; and
No. 853. Robert P. Shick, petitioner, v. William A. Goodman,
Trustee, etc. Petitions for rehearing denied.
No. 720. Milcor Steel Company, petitioner, v. George A. Fuller
Company et al. Leave granted to file brief of Truman Sunderland
Safford as amicus curiae on motion of Mr. Truman Sunderland Saf-
ford in that behalf.
Adjourned until Monday, March 30, next at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Monday, March 30, will be as follows: Nos. 720,
706, 707, 745, 755, 757, 649, 711, 348, and 830.

MONDAY, MARCH 30, 1942
198
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: The Chief Justice, Mr. Justice Roberts, Mr. Justice Black,
Mr. Justice Reed, Mr. Justice Frankfurter, Mr. Justice Douglas, Mr.
Justice Murphy, Mr. Justice Byrnes, and Mr. Justice Jackson.
Herbert J. Kenarik, of Newark, N. J.; R. L. Wagner, of Evanston,
Ill.; William E. Russell, Jr., of New York City; Norman S. Altman,
of New York City; Frederic S. Glover, Jr., of Detroit, Mich.; Fred.
A. Gariepy, of Chicago, Ill.; Lois Goldstein Forer, of Winnetka, Ill.;
Richard C. Meissner, of Omaha, Nebr.; Reuben G. Crimm, of Atlanta,
Ga.; Arthur Morgan, of Youngstown, Ohio; Raymond S. Powers, of
Youngstown, Ohio; William W. Colson, Jr., of Miami, Fla.; Leo
Brown, of New York City; E. M. Nuckols, Jr., of Washington, D. C.;
Edwin A. Hofeld, of Chicago, Ill., and David H. Caplow, of Chicago,
Ill., were admitted to practice.
No. 323. Muncie Gear Works, Inc., and Bruns & Collins, Inc., peti-
tioners, v. Outboard, Marine & Manufacturing Company and John-
son Brothers Engineering Corporation. On writ of certiorari to
the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Seventh Circuit.
Judgment reversed with costs and cause remanded to the District
Court of the United States for the Northern District of Illinois for
further proceedings in conformity with the opinion of this Court.
Opinion by Mr. Justice Jackson.
No. 901, October Term, 1940. Bakery and Pastry Drivers and
Helpers Local 802 of the International Brotherhood of Teamsters
et al., petitioners, v. Hyman Wohl and Louis Platzman. On writ of
certiorari to the Court of Appeals of the State of New York. Judg-
ment reversed with costs and cause remanded to the Supreme Court
of the State of New York, County of Bronx, for further proceedings
not inconsistent with the opinion of this Court. Opinion by Mr.
Justice Jackson. Mr. Justice Roberts took no part in the considera-
tion or decision of this case. Concurring opinion by Mr. Justice
Douglas in which Mr. Justice Black and Mr. Justice Murphy join.
No. 589. William Jacob, petitioner, v. The City of New York.
On writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals
for the Second Circuit. Judgment reversed with costs and cause
remanded to the District Court of the United States for the Southern
District of New York for further proceedings in conformity with
420417-42-73

MONDAY, MARCH 30, 1942
199
the opinion of this Court. Opinion by Mr. Justice Murphy. Mr.
Justice Frankfurter and Mr. Justice Jackson concur in the result.
Dissenting: The Chief Justice, Mr. Justice Roberts, and Mr. Justice
Reed.
No. 252. Allen-Bradley Local No. 1111, United Electrical, Radio
and Machine Workers of America et al., appellants, v. Wisconsin
Employment Relations Board and Allen-Bradley Company. Appeal
from the Supreme Court of the State of Wisconsin. Judgment
affirmed with costs. Opinion by Mr. Justice Douglas.
No. 527. Carpenters and Joiners Union of America, Local No. 213,
et al., petitioners, v. Ritter's Cafe et al. On writ of certiorari to the
Court of Civil Appeals for the First Supreme Judicial District of
Texas. Judgment affirmed with costs. Opinion by Mr. Justice
Frankfurter. Dissenting opinion by Mr. Justice Black in which
Mr. Justice Douglas and Mr. Justice Murphy concur. Dissenting
opinion by Mr. Justice Reed.
No. 588. National Labor Relations Board, petitioner, v. Electric
Vacuum Cleaner Company, Inc., and International Molders' Union
of North America, Local 430, et al. On writ of certiorari to the
United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Sixth Circuit. Judg-
ment reversed and cause remanded to the said Circuit Court of
Appeals with directions to enforce the order of the Board except
as to reimbursement of federal, state, and local work-relief projects.
Opinion by Mr. Justice Reed. Dissenting: Mr. Justice Roberts.
No. 272. Mrs. Jesse Miles et al., petitioners, v. Illinois Central
Railroad Company. On writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals
of the State of Tennessee. Judgment reversed with costs and cause
remanded to the said Court of Appeals for further proceedings not
inconsistent with the opinion of this Court. Opinion by Mr. Justice
Reed. Concurring opinion by Mr. Justice Jackson. Dissenting
opinion by Mr. Justice Frankfurter in which the Chief Justice, Mr.
Justice Roberts, and Mr. Justice Byrnes join.
No. 318. Sampson Tulee, appellant, v. State of Washington. Ap-
peal from the Supreme Court of the State of Washington. Judg-
ment reversed and cause remanded to the said Supreme Court for
further proceedings not inconsistent with the opinion of this Court.
Opinion by Mr. Justice Black.
No. 680. U. S. Industrial Chemicals, Inc., petitioner, v. Carbide
and Carbon Chemicals Corporation. On writ of certiorari to the
United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Fourth Circuit.
Judgment reversed with costs and cause remanded to the District
Court of the United States for the District of Maryland for further
proceedings in conformity with the opinion of this Court. Opinion
by Mr. Justice Roberts.

MONDAY, MARCH 30, 1942
200
No. 499. Memphis Natural Gas Company, appellant, v. Roy H.
Beeler, Attorney General of the State of Tennessee, et al. Appeal
from the Supreme Court of the State of Tennessee. Appeal dis-
missed for want of jurisdiction and certiorari granted. Judgment
affirmed with costs. Opinion by Mr. Justice Stone. Mr. Justice
Roberts took no part in the consideration or decision of this case.
No. 604. Mark Graves, John P. Hennessee, and Joseph M. Mesnig,
as Commissioners, Constituting the State Tax Commission of the
State of New York, petitioners, v. Carl J. Schmidlapp and Elizabeth
E. Gorrie, as Executors of the last will and testament of Eugene
V. R. Thayer, deceased. On writ of certiorari to the Surrogate's
Court of the County of New York, State of New York. Judgment
reversed with costs and cause remanded to the said Surrogate's Court
for further proceedings not inconsistent with the opinion of this
Court. Opinion by Mr. Chief Justice Stone. Mr. Justice Roberts
concurs in the result.
No. 648. Pecheur Lozenge Co., Inc., petitioner, v. National Candy
Company, Inc. On writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit
Court of Appeals for the Third Circuit. Decree vacated without
costs in this Court to either party, and cause remanded to the Circuit
Court of Appeals for further proceedings in conformity with the
opinion of this Court. Opinion, per curiam, announced by Mr. Chief
Justice Stone.
The Chief Justice announced the following order of the Court:
No. 523. Louis Weber, petitioner, v. The United States of America.
On writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals
for the Ninth Circuit. Per curiam: The judgment is affirmed by an
equally divided Court. Mr. Justice Jackson took no part in the con-
sideration or decision of this case.
The Chief Justice said:
"The other orders of the Court appear upon the list certified by
the Chief Justice and filed with the Clerk and will not be announced
orally."
No. 950. Roy McArthur and G. A. McArthur, a copartnership,
doing business as Anaconda Van Lines, appellants, v. The United
States of America, et al. Appeal from the District Court of the
United States for the Northern District of Illinois. Per curiam: It
does not appear that the questions involved in this appeal are sub-
stantial. The motion to affirm is therefore granted and the judgment
is affirmed. United States v. N. E. Rosenblum Truck Lines, Inc.,
315 U. S.; Lubetich v. United States, 315 U. S. —.

MONDAY, MARCH 30, 1942
201
No. -, original. Ex parte Martin Wohl et al., petitioners. The
time within which to file return to the rule to show cause is extended
to and including April 6 next.
No.
original. Ex parte John St. Francis Slaughter, petitioner;
No., original. Ex parte Pedro E. Sanchez Tapia, petitioner.
The motions for leave to file petitions for writs of habeas corpus are
denied.
No. -, original. James DeWindt and Mabel DeWindt, plaintiffs,
v. State of South Carolina. The motion for leave to file a petition
is denied.
No., William Smith, plaintiff, v. Western Union Telegraph Co.,
et al. Application denied.
No. 49. Morton Salt Company, petitioner, v. The G. S. Suppiger
Company. Ordered that the last three lines on page 1 of the opinion
in this case be amended to read: "The Clayton Act authorizes those
injured by violations tending to monoply to main—”.
No. 245. Cudahy Packing Company of Louisiana, Ltd., peti-
tioner, v. Thomas W. Holland, Administrator etc. Ordered that the
opinion in this case be amended as follows:
1. Strike from the last line on page 5 the phrase "the Bituminous
Coal Act of 1937,”.
2. Strike from the fifth line of page 6 the phrase ", save possibly
one,"
3. Strike footnotes 6 and 9.
4. Renumber the footnotes accordingly.
No. 706. City of Chicago, a municipal corporation, et al., peti-
tioners, v. Fieldcrest Dairies, Inc. The motion of the State of Illinois
for leave to appear and present oral argument as amicus curiae is
granted.
No. 962. Esther P. Deere, Administratrix of the Estate of Amos J.
Deere, deceased, petitioner, v. Southern Pacific Company. On peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of
Appeals for the Ninth Circuit;
No. 971. Norman J. Sanford, petitioner, v. Board of Prison, Terms,
and Paroles of the State of Washington. On petition for writ of
certiorari to the Supreme Court of the State of Washington; and
No. 978. Commonwealth of Pennsylvania, ex rel. Alfred Maurice,
petitioner, v. Herbert A. Smith, Warden, et al. On petition for writ
of certiorari to the Supreme Court of the Commonwealth of Penn-
sylvania. The motions for leave to proceed further herein in forma
pauperis are denied for the reason that the Court, upon examination
of the papers herein submitted, finds no ground upon which writs of
certiorari should be issued. The petitions for writs of certiorari are
therefore also denied.

MONDAY, MARCH 30, 1942
202
No. 1080. Claude R. Wickard, Secretary of Agriculture of the
United States, et al., appellants, v. Roscoe C. Filburn. In this case
probable jurisdiction is noted.
No. 920. State Bank of Hardinsburg, petitioner, v. Chancey Ray
Brown and Mary G. Brown. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Seventh Circuit
granted.
No. 958. Henry Anton Pfister, petitioner, v. Northern Illinois
Finance Corporation et al.; and
No. 959. Henry Anton Pfister, petitioner, v. Northern Illinois
Finance Corporation et al. Petition for writs of certiorari to the
United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Seventh Circuit
granted.
No. 979. O. B. Williams and Lillie Shaver Hendrix, petitioners, v.
The State of North Carolina. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
Supreme Court of the State of North Carolina granted.
No. 980. Lawrason Riggs, Jr., Special Guardian, petitioner, v.
Giovanni Del Drago et al, etc. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
Surrogate's Court, New York County, State of New York, granted.
No. 964. The Washington Terminal Company, petitioner, v. F. E.
Boswell et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia granted. In view
of the act of August 24, 1937 (50 Stat. 751), the Court hereby certi-
fies to the Attorney General of the United States that the constitu-
tionality of the Railway Labor Act is drawn in question in this cause.
No. 919. The Fifth Avenue Bank of New York, as Trustee, etc.,
petitioner, v. The United States. Petition for writ of certiorari to
the Court of Claims denied.
No. 933. In the matter of petition of Ethyl M. Shibe for writ of
prohibition to the Orphans' Court of Philadelphia County and to
Lewis H. Van Dusen, petitioner. Petition for writ of certiorari to
the Supreme Court of the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania denied.
No. 934. Nelson Taylor, J. R. Mason, et al., petitioners, v. Provident
Irrigation District. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United
States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit denied.
No. 946. Charles F. Clise and James W. Clise, Jr., as Executors,
etc., petitioners, v. Commissioner of Internal Revenue. Petition for
writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for
the Ninth Circuit denied.
No. 952. Alice Dunn, Katie Dunn, et al., petitioners, v. Republic
Natural Gas Company. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United
States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit denied.

MONDAY, MARCH 30, 1942
203
No. 957. Alfonse Dobrusky, petitioner, v. State of Nebraska. Peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of the State of
Nebraska denied.
No. 965. Genzo Shimadzu and Northeastern Engineering Corpora-
tion, petitioners, v. The Electric Storage Battery Co. Petition for
writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for
the Third Circuit denied.
No. 969. Sonken-Galamba Corporation and The Tank Corporation,
petitioners, v. The Atchison, Topeka & Santa Fe Railway Company,
et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit
Court of Appeals for the Eighth Circuit denied.
No. 1020. Helen Van Zile Anthony, William D. Smith, et al., etc.,
petitioners, v. United States Trust Company of New York. Petition
for writ of certiorari to the Surrogates' Court, New York County,
State of New York, denied.
No. 693. George W. Covington and Kate Ellis Covington, peti-
tioners, v. Commissioner of Internal Revenue; and
No. 694. George W. Covington and Kate Ellis Covington, peti-
tioners, v. Commissioner of Internal Revenue. Petition for writs of
certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Fifth
Circuit denied.
No. 907. The Citizens National Bank of Kirksville, Missouri, peti-
tioner, v. Commissioner of Internal Revenue. Petition for writ of
certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the
Eighth Circuit denied.
No. 956. J. P. Gardzielewski, petitioner, v. The United States of
America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit
Court of Appeals for the Seventh Circuit denied.
No. 963. Sara T. Walsh, petitioner, v. School District of Philadel-
phia. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of the
Commonwealth of Pennsylvania denied.
No. 968. Massachusetts Hair & Felt Company, petitioner, v. B. F.
Sturtevant Company. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United
States Circuit Court of Appeals for the First Circuit denied.
No. 972. David O'Brien, petitioner, v. Pabst Sales Company. Peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of
Appeals for the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 975. Aetna Auto Finance, Inc., petitioner, v. Aetna Casualty
& Surety Company. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United
States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 977. Anna Lalor Burdick, Thomas Jefferson Lalor, et al., peti-
tioners, v. Charles Lalor Burdick and Chemical Bank & Trust Com-

MONDAY, MARCH 30, 1942
204
pany, Trustees, et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United
States Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia denied.
No. 992. Lloyd Brasileiro, petitioner, v. Lazzaro La Guerra. Peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of
Appeals for the Second Circuit denied.
No. 1012. Southern Steel Company, petitioner, v. Butex Gas Com-
pany and Butane Gas System Company. Petition for writ of cer
tiorari to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Fifth
Circuit denied.
No. 121. S. Mayner Wallace, petitioner, v. Johanna F. Fiske et al.;
and
No. 122. S. Mayner Wallace, petitioner, v. Johanna F. Fiske et al.
The motion for leave to file a second petition for rehearing is granted.
The second petition for rehearing is denied.
No. 1023, October Term, 1940. A. J. Pickett, General Chairman,
etc., petitioner, v. The Union Terminal Company;
No. 112. C. L. Williams, Individually, etc., et al., petitioners, v.
Jacksonville Terminal Company; and
No. 206. D'Oench, Duhme & Co., Inc., petitioner, v. Federal
Deposit Insurance Company. Petitions for rehearing denied. Mr.
Justice Roberts took no part in the consideration or decision of these
applications.
No. 287. Kenneth M. Keefe et al., etc., petitioners, v. Bloomfield
Village Drain District, etc., et al.
No. 288. Kenneth M. Keefe et al., etc., petitioners, v. Bloomfield
Village Drain District, etc., et al.;
No. 289. Kenneth M. Keefe et al., etc., petitioners, v. Martin Drain
and Branches Drain District, etc., et al.;
No. 290. Kenneth M. Keefe et al., etc., petitioners, v. Center Line
Relief Drain District, etc., et al.; and
No. 291. Kenneth M. Keefe et al., etc., petitioners, v. Nine-Mile-
Halfway Drain District, etc., et al.;
No. 829. Dora Brady and Lucinda Watashe, petitioners, v. Annie
Beams et al.;
No. 834. Wilbur E. Dow, petitioner, v. Harold L. Ickes, Secretary,
etc.;
No. 849. Jacob Novick, petitioner, v. The United States of America;
No. 863. I. B. Melville and H. G. Day, as Trustees, etc., et al.,
petitioners, v. Arthur Weybrew et al.;
No. 890. John M. Minnec, petitioner, v. Robert H. Hudspeth,
Warden, etc.;
No. 892. Hazeltine Corporation, petitioner, v. The Crosley Cor-
poration;

Х
MONDAY, MARCH 30, 1942
205
No. 894. Guy T. Helvering, Commissioner of Internal Revenue,
petitioner, v. R. A. Sprouse; and
No. 915. Mary Lois McIntosh, petitioner, v. Ella L. Wiggins.
Petitions for rehearing denied.
No. -, original. Ex parte William Doster Noland, petitioner.
Motion for leave to file petition for writ of mandamus presented.
No. 5, original. State of Colorado, complainant, v. State of Kansas
et al. Motion for appointment of a Special Master submitted by Mr.
Henry C. Vidal and Mr. Jean S. Breitenstein for the complaintant.
No. 5, original. State of Colorado, complainant, v. State of Kansas
et al. Application for an order directing the procedure for submis-
sion of the cause to the Court submitted by Mr. J. S. Parker and
Mr. W. E. Stanley for the defendants.
No. 720. Milcor Steel Company, petitioner, v. George A. Fuller
Company et al. Argued by Mr. George L. Wilkinson for the peti-
tioner and by Mr. Malcolm K. Buckley for the respondents.
No. 706. City of Chicago, a Municipal Corporation, et al., peti-
tioners, v. Fieldcrest Dairies, Inc. Argument commenced by Mr.
James A. Velde for the petitioners, and continued by Mr. Walter V.
Schaefer for the petitioners and by Mr. Fred A. Gariepy for the
respondent.
Adjourned until tomorrow at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Tuesday, March 31, will be as follows: Nos. 706,
707, 745, 755, 757, 649, 711, 348, 830, and 738.

TUESDAY, MARCH 31, 1942
206
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: The Chief Justice, Mr. Justice Roberts, Mr. Justice Black,
Mr. Justice Reed, Mr. Justice Frankfurter, Mr. Justice Douglas, Mr.
Justice Murphy, Mr. Justice Byrnes, and Mr. Justice Jackson.
Donald D. MacFarlane, of Detroit, Mich.; Henry J. Fox, of Wash-
ington, D. C.: Stanley K. Brown, of Altadena, Calif.; Hardin H. Conn,
of Springfield, Tenn.; Hugh B. Helm, of Hopkinsville, Ky.; Chester
E. Onstad, of Broadus, Mont.; Morris A. Marks, of New York City;
William F. Cusick, of Washington, D. C.; Arthur H. Kent, of San
Francisco, Calif.; and Victor M. Marin, of New York City, were ad-
mitted to practice.
No. 706. City of Chicago, A Municipal Corporation, et al., peti-
tioners, . Fieldcrest Dairies, Inc. Argument continued by Mr. Fred
A. Gariepy for the respondent; by Mr. Albert E. Hallett for the State
of Illinois, as amicus curiae, by special leave of Court; and concluded
by Mr. Walter V. Schaefer for the petitioners.
No. 707. Lewis J. Valentine, Individually and as Police Commis-
sioner of the City of New York. petitioner, v. F. J. Chrestensen. Ar-
gued by Mr. William C. Chanler for the petitioner and by Mr. Walter
W. Land for the respondent.
No. 745. The Schenectady Union Publishing Company, petitioner,
2. Martin L. Sweeney. Argument commenced by Mr. Morris L. Ernst
for the petitioner and continued by Mr. John O'Connor for the re-
spondent.
Adjourned until tomorrow at 12 o'clock.
The day call of Wednesday, April 1, will be as follows: Nos. 745,
755, 757, 649, 711, 348, 830, 738, 622, and 939.
Х
420417-42-74

WEDNESDAY, APRIL 1, 1942
207
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: The Chief Justice, Mr. Justice Roberts, Mr. Justice Black,
Mr. Justice Reed, Mr. Justice Frankfurter, Mr. Justice Douglas, Mr.
Justice Murphy, Mr. Justice Byrnes, and Mr. Justice Jackson.
Carl B. Vickers, of Fayetteville, W. Va.; Herman Eugene Klein, of
Chicago, Ill.; Thomas H. Stone, of Richmond, Va.; Fred H. Parvin, of
Greeneville, Tenn.; and Ray C. Brown, of Tampa, Fla., were admitted
to practice.
No. 745. The Schenectady Union Publishing Company, petitioner,
v. Martin L. Sweeney. Argument continued by Mr. John O'Connor
for the respondent and concluded by Mr. Morris L. Ernst for the
petitioner.
No. 755. Municipal Investors Association, appellant, v. City of
Birmingham, a municipal corporation, et al. Argument commenced
by Mr. Claude H. Stevens for the appellant. The Court declined to
hear further argument.
No. 757. Prudence Realization Corporation, petitioner, v. A.
Joseph Geist, Trustee. Argued by Mr. Irving L. Schanzer for the
petitioner and by Mr. Morris A. Marks for the respondent.
No. 649. Mishawaka Rubber and Woolen Manufacturing Company,
petitioner, v. S. S. Kresge Company. Argued by Mr. George L.
Wilkinson for the petitioner and by Mr. William B. Giles for the
respondent.
No. 348. The Seminole Nation, petitioner, v. The United States.
Argument commenced by Mr. Paul M. Niebell for the petitioner.
Adjourned until tomorrow at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Thursday, April 2, will be as follows: Nos. 348,
830, 711, 738, 622, 939, 510, 708, 723, and 855 (and 856).
420417-42-75
✓

THURSDAY, APRIL 2, 1942
208
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: The Chief Justice, Mr. Justice Roberts, Mr. Justice Black,
Mr. Justice Reed, Mr. Justice Frankfurter, Mr. Justice Douglas, Mr.
Justice Murphy, Mr. Justice Byrnes, and Mr. Justice Jackson.
Leo Jaffe, of El Paso, Tex.; Harland F. Leathers, of New York
City; John Sailer, of Philadelphia, Pa.; Harold Scott Baile, of Phila-
delphia, Pa.; J. Edgar Murdock, of Greensburg, Pa.; Fred. P. Ron-
deau, of Chicago, Ill.; Edward Vincent Broderick, of New York City:
and Guido Pantaleoni, of New York City, were admitted to practice.
No. 348. The Seminole Nation, petitioner, v. The United States.
Argument continued by Mr. Paul M. Niebell for the petitioner, con-
tinued by Mr. Charles R. Denny for the respondent, and concluded by
Mr. Paul M. Niebell for the petitioner.
No. 830. The Seminole Nation, petitioner, v. The United States.
Argued by Mr. C. Maurice Weidemeyer for the petitioner and by Mr.
Charles R. Denny for the respondent.
No. 711. H. J. Gorman, City Treasurer of Kansas City, Missouri,
et al., petitioners, v. The Washington University. Argued by Mr.
William E. Kemp for the petitioners and by Mr. George Wharton
Pepper for the respondent.
Adjourned until Monday next at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Monday, April 6, will be as follows: Nos. 738, 622,
939, 708, 510, 772, 774, 723, 855 (and 856), and 775.
420417-42-76
☑

MONDAY, APRIL 6, 1942
209
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: The Chief Justice, Mr. Justice Roberts, Mr. Justice
Black, Mr. Justice Reed, Mr. Justice Frankfurter, Mr. Justice
Douglas, Mr. Justice Murphy, Mr. Justice Byrnes, and Mr. Justice
Jackson.
Jay Kyle, of Topeka, Kans.; Andrew J. Dallstream, of Chicago,
Ill.; Arthur J. O'Deal, of Hackensack, N. J.; George A. Mahone, of
Baltimore, Md.; William O. Tydings, of Baltimore, Md.; John R.
Moberly, of Kansas City, Mo.; Irving I. Rand, of New York City;
Louis A. Otto, Jr., of Cleveland, Ohio; Samuel S. Bisgyer, of New
York City; Harold W. Mattingly, of Los Angeles, Calif.; and Wil-
liam F. Scharnikow, of Hackensack, N. J., were admitted to practice.
No. 658. United States of America to the use of Noland Company,
Incorporated, petitioner, v. Alexander D. Irwin and Archibald O.
Leighton, Trading as Irwin and Leighton, et al. On writ of cer-
tiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the District of
Columbia. Judgment reversed with costs and cause remanded to the
District Court of the United States for the District of Columbia for
further proceedings in conformity with the opinion of this Court.
Opinion by Mr. Justice Byrnes.
No. 320. Southern Steamship Company, petitioner, v. National
Labor Relations Board and National Maritime Union of America.
On writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals
for the Third Circuit. Judgment reversed and cause remanded to
the said Circuit Court of Appeals for further proceedings in con-
formity with the opinion of this Court. Opinion by Mr. Justice
Byrnes. Dissenting opinion by Mr. Justice Reed in which Mr.
Justice Black, Mr. Justice Douglas and Mr. Justice Murphy concur.
No. 508. Scripps-Howard Radio, Inc., v. Federal Communications
Commission. On certificate from the United States Court of Ap-
peals for the District of Columbia. Question certified answered
in the affirmative. Opinion by Mr. Justice Frankfurter. Mr. Justice
Black took no part in the consideration and decision of this case.
Dissenting opinion by Mr. Justice Douglas in which Mr. Justice
Murphy joins.
No. 558. The United States of America, appellant, v. Dennis Mal-
phurs, D. W. Whitehurst, and Elzie Perry. Appeal from the District.
Court of the United States for the Southern District of Florida.
420417-42―――77

'
MONDAY, APRIL 6, 1942
210
Judgment vacated and cause remanded to the said District Court for
further proceedings in conformity with the opinion of this Court.
Opinion, per curiam, announced by Mr. Chief Justice Stone. Mr.
Justice Jackson took no part in the consideration or decision of
this case.
The Chief Justice announced the following orders of the Court:
No. 1060. R. P. Duck, appellant, v. Arkansas Corporation Com-
mission. Appeal from the Supreme Court of the State of Arkansas.
Per curiam: The motion to dismiss is granted and the appeal is
dismissed for want of a substantial federal question. California v.
Thompson, 313 U. S. 109; Olson v. Nebraska, 313 U. S. 236.
No. 1067. T. E. Avent, appellant, v. Mississippi Unemployment
Compensation Commission and R. G. Ragland. Appeal from the
Supreme Court of the State of Mississippi. Per curiam: The appeal
is dismissed for want of a substantial federal question. Carmichael
v. Southern Coal Co., 307 U. S. 495, 510-13; Great A. & P. Co. v.
Grosjean, 301 U. S. 412; H. E. Butt Grocery Co. v. Sheppard, 311
U. S. 608; Helvering v. Clifford, 309 U. S. 331.
The Chief Justice said:
"The other orders of the Court appear upon the list certified by
the Chief Justice and filed with the Clerk and will not be announced
orally."
ORDER
It is ordered that paragraph 1 of Rule 12 of the rules of this
Court be amended to read as follows:
"1. Upon the presentation of a petition for the allowance of an
appeal to this court, from any court, to any judge or justice empow-
ered by law to allow it, there shall be presented by the applicant a
separate typewritten statement particularly disclosing the basis upon
which it is contended that this court has jurisdiction upon appeal to
review the judgment or decree in question. The statement shall refer
distinctly (a) to the statutory provision believed to sustain the juris-
diction, (b) to the statute of the state, or statute or treaty of the
United States, the validity of which is involved (giving the volume
and page where the statute or treaty may be found in the official edi-
tion), setting it out verbatim or appropriately summarizing its per-
tinent provisions; and (c) to the date of judgment or decree sought
to be reviewed and the date upon which the application for appeal
is presented.
"The statement shall show that the nature of the case and the
rulings of the court were such as to bring the case within the juris-

MONDAY, APRIL 6, 1942
211
dictional provisions relied on and shall cite the cases believed to
sustain jurisdiction. It shall also include a statement of the grounds
upon which it is contended that the questions involved are substan-
tial (McArthur v. United States, 315 U. S. —; Zucht v. King, 260
U. S. 174, 176–77).
"If the appeal is from a state court, the statements shall in addition
specify the stage in the proceedings in the court of first instance and
in the appellate court, at which, and the manner in which, the federal
questions sought to be reviewed were raised; the method of raising
them (e. g., by a pleading, by request to charge and exceptions, by
assignment of error); and the way in which they were passed upon
by the court; with such pertinent quotations of specific portions of the
record, or summary thereof, with specific reference to the places in
the record where the matter appears (e. g., ruling on exception, por-
tion of the court's charge and exception thereto, assignment of error)
as will support the assertion that the rulings of the court were of a
nature to bring the case within the statutory provision believed to
confer jurisdiction on this court. The provisions of this paragraph,
with appropriate record page references, must be complied with when
review of a state court judgment is sought by petition for writ of
certiorari. (See Rule 38, par. 2.)
"The applicant shall append to the statement a copy of any opinions
delivered upon the rendering of the judgment or decree sought to be
reviewed, including earlier opinions in the same case, or opinions in
companion cases, reference to which may be necessary to ascertain
the grounds of the judgment or decree.
"If the appeal is from an interlocutory decree of a specially consti-
tuted district court of the United States, the statement must also in-
clude a showing of the matters in which it is claimed that the court
has abused its discretion in granting or denying the interlocutory in-
junction (Alabama v. United States, 279 U. S. 229).”
No. -, original. Ex parte William Doster Noland, petitioner.
The motion for leave to file petition for writ of mandamus is denied.
No. 9, original. State of Kansas, complainant, v. State of Missouri.
Ordered that the States of Kansas and Missouri are permitted each
to deposit with the Clerk one thousand dollars ($1,000) to defray the
expenses of the Special Master.
No. 19. Phoenix Finance Corporation, petitioner, v. Iowa-Wiscon-
sin Bridge Company. The motion of petitioner to recall the man-
date and retax costs is granted and it is ordered that the mandate
be recalled and amended so as to give petitioner recovery for addi-
tional costs in the sum of $94.00.
No. 1062. McKinley Morris, petitioner, v. The State of Texas. The
application for stay is denied.

MONDAY, APRIL 6, 1942
212
No. 11, original. Ex parte Forrest Holiday, petitioner. The mo-
tion for leave to file petition for writ of certiorari to the United
States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit is granted.
The motion for leave to proceed further herein in forma pauperis is
denied for the reason that the Court, upon examination of the papers
herein submitted, finds no ground upon which a writ of certiorari
should be issued. The petition for writ of certiorari is therefore
also denied.
No. 1035. Commonwealth of Pennsylvania, ex rel. George R. Bus-
ser, petitioner, v. Herbert A. Smith, Warden, etc. On petition for
☐ writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of the Commonwealth of
Pennsylvania. The motion for leave to proceed further herein in
forma pauperis is denied for the reason that the Court, upon exami-
nation of the papers herein submitted, finds that the application
for writ of certiorari was not filed within the time provided by law.
Section 8 (a), Act of February 13, 1925 (43 Stat. 936,940). The
petition for writ of certiorari is therefore also denied.
No. 918. Dewey Gilmore, petitioner, v. The United States of Amer-
ica. On petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit
of Appeals for the Tenth Circuit;
No. 925. Selvie Windfield Wells, petitioner, v. The United States
of America. On petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Circuit Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit;
No. 984. Hayward Graham, petitioner, v. M. F. Amrine, Warden,
State Penitentiary. On petition for writ of certiorari to the Su-
preme Court of the State of Kansas;
No. 986. Al Campeau, petitioner, v. Milton F. Amrine, Warden,
Kansas State Penitentiary, Lansing, Kansas. On petition for writ
of certiorari to the Supreme Court of the State of Kansas;
No. 995. Fred Hartzell West, petitioner, v. P. E. Mahoney, as Su-
perintendent, Washington State Penitentiary. On petition for writ
of certiorari to the Superior Court, King County, State of Wash-
ington; and
No. 955. Alchrist Grant (alias Pompey) and Cyrus Pinckney, pe-
titioners, v. The State of South Carolina. On petition for writ of
certiorari to the Supreme Court of the State of South Carolina.
The motions for leave to proceed further herein in forma pauperis
are denied for the reason that the Court, upon examination of the
papers herein submitted, finds no ground upon which writs of cer-
tiorari should be issued. The petitions for writs of certiorari are
therefore also denied.
No. 1040. W. B. Parker, Director of Agriculture, et al., appellants,
v. Porter L. Brown. In this case probable jurisdiction is noted.

MONDAY, APRIL 6, 1942
213
No. 852. Mitchell Clifton Anderson et al., petitioners, v. The
United States of America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Sixth Circuit
granted.
No. 1016. Guy T. Helvering, Commissioner of Internal Revenue,
petitioner, v. The Ohio Leather Company;
No. 1017. Guy T. Helvering, Commissioner of Internal Revenue,
petitioner, v. The Strong Manufacturing Company; and
No. 1018. Guy T. Helvering, Commissioner of Internal Revenue,
petitioner, v. Warren Tool Company. Petition for writs of certio-
rari to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Sixth
Circuit granted.
No. 1029. Sola Electric Company, petitioner, v. Jefferson Electric
Company. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Cir-
cuit Court of Appeals for the Seventh Circuit granted. Counsel are
requested to discuss in their briefs and on the argument of this case
(1) whether federal or state law applies, and (2) in the event that
state law is held to govern, what the applicable state law is.
No. 985. Owens-Illinois Glass Company, petitioner, v. National
Labor Relations Board. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United
States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Sixth Circuit denied. The
Chief Justice and Mr. Justice Roberts took no part in the considera-
tion or decision of this application.
No. 940. Caribbean Embroidery Cooperative, Inc., et al., petition-
ers, Philip B. Fleming, Administrator of the Wage and Hour
Division, U. S. Department of Labor. Petition for writ of certio-
rari to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the First
Circuit denied.
No. 945. Hartford Fire Insurance Company, petitioner, v. Martin
Leithauser, as Administrator etc. Petition for writ of certiorari to
the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Sixth Circuit
denied.
No. 970. Great Southern Life Insurance Company et al., petition-
ers, v. Joseph Lankston Williams. Petition for writ of certiorari
to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit
denied.
No. 981. Lillian I. Randall, petitioner, v. Labaddie Bottoms River
Protection District of Franklin County, Missouri. Petition for writ
of certiorari to the Supreme Court of the State of Missouri denied.
No. 987. Federal Power Commission, petitioner, v. Safe Harbor
Water Power Corporation. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Third Circuit denied.

MONDAY, APRIL 6, 1942
214
No. 990. Josephine V. Hall, petitioner, v. The United States. Pe-
tition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Claims denied.
No. 994. William Eric Fowler, petitioner, v. Raymond H. Pilson
et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court
of Appeals for the District of Columbia denied.
No. 996. Northern Mining Corporation, petitioner, v. Max Trunz.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of
Appeals for the Ninth Circuit denied.
No. 998. The Niles Fire Brick Company, petitioner, v. National
Labor Relations Board. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United
States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Sixth Circuit denied.
No. 1007. William H. Langroise, as Executor, etc., petitioner, v.
Will Cummings, Individually, etc. Petition for writ of certiorari
to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit
denied.
No. 1013. Frank Parker and George Moran, petitioners, v. The
People of the State of Illinois. Petition for writ of certiorari to
the Supreme Court of the State of Illinois denied.
No. 1014. Charles B. Rayner, petitioner, v. United North and South
Development Company. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United
States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 1015. William H. Eisenlord, as Administrator, etc., petitioner,
v. May Ellis et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United
States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit denied.
No. 1024. Tampax Incorporated and Tampax Sales Corporation,
petitioners, v. The Personal Products Corporation et al., etc. Peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of
Appeals for the Second Circuit denied.
No. 64. Clyde Hysler, petitioner, v. The State of Florida. The
opinion of the Court is amended as follows: On page 8 of the slip opin-
ion, strike out the first five sentences of the first paragraph.
The petition for rehearing is denied.
No. 325. Frederick Rodiek, ancillary executor, etc., petitioner, v.
The United States of America et al. The motion to substitute is
granted and Leo T. Crowley, Alien Property Custodian, is substi-
tuted as a party respondent herein in the place and stead of Francis
Biddle, as Attorney General. The petition for rehearing is denied.
The Chief Justice, Mr. Justice Murphy, and Mr. Justice Jackson took
no part in the consideration or decision of these applications.
No. 870. Samuel Bernstein, petitioner, v. The United States of
America;

MONDAY, APRIL 6, 1942
215
No. 884. Ted Rogoway, petitioner, v. The Warden, United States
Penitentiary, McNeil Island, Washington; and
No. 935. James M. Wright, petitioner, v. First Joint Stock Land
Bank of Fort Wayne et al. Petitions for rehearing denied.
No., original. Ex parte Martin Wohl and Harry Wohl, peti-
tioners. Return to rule to show cause presented.
No. 738. The United States of America, petitioner, v. Citizens
Loan & Trust Co., Administrator, etc. Argued by Mr. Wilbur C.
Pickett for the petitioner and Mr. Camden R. McAtee for the
respondent.
No. 622. L. Metcalfe Walling, Administrator of the Wage and
Hour Division, United States Department of Labor, petitioner, v.
A. H. Belo Corporation. Argued by Mr. Solicitor General Fahy
for the petitioner and by Mr. Maurice E. Purnell for the respondent.
No. 939. Overnight Motor Transportation Company, Inc., peti-
titioner, v. William H. Missel. Argument commenced by Mr. J.
Ninian Beall for the petitioner.
Adjourned until tomorrow at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Tuesday, April 7, will be as follows: Nos. 939,
708, 510, 772, 774, 723, 855 (and 856), 775, 798, and 799 (and
800).
☑

TUESDAY, APRIL 7, 1942
216
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: The Chief Justice, Mr. Justice Roberts, Mr. Justice Black,
Mr. Justice Reed, Mr. Justice Frankfurter, Mr. Justice Douglas, Mr.
Justice Murphy, Mr. Justice Byrnes, and Mr. Justice Jackson.
Grayson Chandler Powell, of Swainsboro, Ga.; Lydon F. Maider,
of Gloversville, N. Y.; Walther E. Wyss, of Schenectady, N. Y.;
Neil Killough, of Wynne, Ark.; Jack J. Levinson, of New York
City; Marcus Frederick Fietz, of Jonesboro, Ark.; Frank P. Celeste,
of Cleveland, Ohio; Mathias J. Walther, of Cleveland, Ohio; Ernest
W. Maner, of Hot Springs National Park, Ark.; Glenn Earl Baird,
of Chicago, Ill.; James Arthur Lanigan, of Los Angeles, Calif.; and
I.. Byron Cherry, of New York City, were admitted to practice.
No. 939. Overnight Motor Transportation Company, Inc., peti-
tioner, v. William H. Missel. Argument continued by Mr. J. Ninian
Beall and by Mr. John R. Norris for the petitioner and concluded by
Mr. George A. Mahone for the respondent.
No. 708. Guy T. Helvering, Commissioner of Internal Revenue,
petitioner, v. Credit Alliance Corporation. Argued by Mr. J. Louis
Monarch for the petitioner and by Mr. Newell W. Ellison for the
respondent.
No. 510. C. H. Cochran, petitioner, v. The State of Kansas et al.
Argument commenced by Mr. H. Thomas Austern for the petitioner
and continued by Mr. Jay Kyle for the respondents.
Adjourned until tomorrow at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Wednesday, April 8, will be as follows: Nos. 510,
772, 774, 723, 855 (and 856), 775, 798, 799 (and 800), 826, and
841.
☑
420417-42-78

WEDNESDAY, APRIL 8, 1942
217
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: The Chief Justice, Mr. Justice Roberts, Mr. Justice
Black, Mr. Justice Reed, Mr. Justice Frankfurter, Mr. Justice
Douglas, Mr. Justice Murphy, Mr. Justice Byrnes, and Mr. Justice
Jackson.
Leslie W. Humphreys, of Portland, Oreg.; James A. Glenn, of
Coshocton, Ohio; and Frederick Waldo Teyland, Jr., of Oakland,
Calif., were admitted to practice.
No. 841. Susan G. Reeves, petitioner, v. William Beardall, as Exec-
utor, etc. Submitted by Mr. Daniel Burke for the petitioner and by
Mr. Charles R. Scott and Mr. Charles P. Dickinson for the
respondent.
No. 510. C. H. Cochran, petitioner, v. The State of Kansas and Mil-
ton F. Amrine, Warden, etc. Argument continued by Mr. Jay Kyle
for the respondents and concluded by Mr. H. Thomas Austern for the
petitioner.
No. 772. Dewey Brillhart, Administrator, etc., petitioner, v. The
Excess Insurance Company of America. Argued by Mr. Clarence
C. Chilcott for the petitioner and by Mr. Dick H. Woods and Mr.
Paul R. Stinson for the respondent.
No. 774. National Labor Relations Board, petitioner, v. Nevada
Consolidated Copper Corporation. Argued by Mr. Ernest A. Gross
for the petitioner and by Mr. C. C. Parsons for the respondent.
Adjourned until tomorrow at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Thursday, April 9, will be as follows: Nos. 723,
855 (and 856), 775, 798, 799 (and 800), 826, 837, 872, and 782.
☑
420417-42
-79

THURSDAY, APRIL 9, 1942
218
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: The Chief Justice, Mr. Justice Roberts, Mr. Justice Black,
Mr. Justice Reed, Mr. Justice Frankfurter, Mr. Justice Douglas, Mr.
Justice Murphy, Mr. Justice Byrnes, and Mr. Justice Jackson.
Roy V. Harris, of Augusta, Ga.; John F. Meck, Jr., of New Haven,
Conn.; John J. Tierney, of Portland, Maine; Frank I. Cowan, of
Portland, Maine; Frederick C. Felty, of San Antonio, Tex.; Asher
William Schwartz, of New York City; Morton E. Rome, of Balti-
more, Md.; and Robert E. Clapp, Jr., of Frederick, Md.; were admitted
to practice.
No. 855. The United States of America, appellant, v. The Univis
Lens Company, Inc., et al.; and
No. 856. The Univis Lens Company, Inc., et al., appellants, v. The
United States of America. Motion for leave to file brief of American
Optical Company, as amicus curiae, submitted by Mr. S. Milton
Simpson in that behalf and the motion denied.
No. 782. Jack T. Skinner, petitioner, v. The State of Oklahoma,
ex rel. Mac Q. Williamson, Attorney General of the State of Okla-
homa. Submitted by Mr. W. J. Hulsey, Mr. H. I. Aston, and Mr.
Guy L. Andrews for the petitioner and by Mr. Mac Q. Williamson
for the respondent.
No. 723. The United States of America, appellant, v. The Masonite
Corporation et al. Argued by Mr. Hugh B. Cox for the appellant;
by Mr. Charles H. Tuttle for the appellee, Masonite Corporation; and
concluded by Mr. Andrew J. Dallstream for the appellees, Celotex
Corporation et al.
No. 855. The United States of America, appellant, v. The Univis
Lens Company, Inc., et al.; and
No. 856. The Univis Lens Company, Inc., et al., appellants, v. The
United States of America. Argument commenced by Mr. Samuel S.
Isseks for the United States and continued by Mr. H. A. Toulmin,
Jr., for The Univis Lens Co., Inc., et al., and by Mr. Assistant Atto-
ney General Arnold for the United States in these cases and the
appellant in No. 723.
420417-42-80

THURSDAY, APRIL 9, 1942
219
The Court will take a recess at the conclusion of the argument in
case No. 872 until Monday, April 27 next.
Adojurned until tomorrow at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Friday, April 10, will be as follows: Nos. 855 (and
856), 775, 798, 799 (and 800), 826, 837, and 872.
Х

FRIDAY, APRIL 10, 1942
220
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: The Chief Justice, Mr. Justice Roberts, Mr. Justice Black,
Mr. Justice Reed, Mr. Justice Frankfurter, Mr. Justice Douglas,
Mr. Justice Murphy, Mr. Justice Byrnes, and Mr. Justice Jackson.
Bertram S. Nayfack, of New York City; Paul B. Jessup, of
Wallace, Idaho; Henry Hofheimer, of New York City; Charles C.
Evans, of New York City; William A. Porteous, Jr., of New Or-
leans, La.; Benjamin F. Rossner, of Washington, D. C.; James K.
Rankin, of Atlanta, Ga.; and David A. Howell, of Detroit, Mich.,
were admitted to practice.
No. 723. The United States of America, appellant, v. The Masonite
Corporation et al.;
No. 855. The United States of America, appellant, v. The Univis
Lens Company, Inc., et al.; and
No. 856. The Univis Lens Company, Inc., et al., appellants, v.
The United States of America. Argument concluded by Mr. As-
sistant Attorney General Arnold for the United States.
No. 775. Wilmington Trust Company, Executor, etc., petitioner, v.
Guy T. Helvering, Commissioner of Internal Revenue. Argued by
Mr. William S. Potter for the petitioner and by Mr. Richard H.
Demuth for the respondent.
No. 798. The Sioux Tribe of Indians, petitioner, v. The United
States. Argued by Mr. Ralph H. Case for the petitioner and by
Mr. Solicitor General Fahy for the respondent.
No. 799. The United States of America, petitioner, v. William R.
Johnson; and
No. 800. The United States of America, petitioner, v. Jack Somers
et al. Argument commenced by Mr. Arnold Raum for the peti-
tioner.
Adjourned until Monday next at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Monday, April 13, will be as follows: Nos. 799
(and 800), 826, 837, and 872.
☑
420417-42-81

MONDAY, APRIL 13, 1942
221
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: The Chief Justice, Mr. Justice Roberts, Mr. Justice Black,
Mr. Justice Reed, Mr. Justice Frankfurter, Mr. Justice Douglas,
Mr. Justice Murphy, Mr. Justice Byrnes, and Mr. Justice Jackson.
Robert V. Massey, Jr., of Philadelphia, Pa.; E. W. Moise, of
Atlanta, Ga.; Emil Jackson Clower, of Atlanta, Ga.; William Har-
rell Humphreys, Jr., of Lumberton, N. C.; James Gwaltney West-
warren MacClamroch, of Greensboro, N. C.; Hannah Scher Siegel,
of Brooklyn, N. Y.; Cyrus S. Gentry, of Pleasantville, N. Y.; Doug-
las M. Orr, of Atlanta, Ga.; and Edward S. Seidman, of New York
City, were admitted to practice.
No. 535. Gregg Cartage & Storage Company, Hugh Wells, Trustee
in Bankruptcy of the Gregg Cartage & Storage Company, et al.,
appellants, v. The United States of America and Interstate Com-
merce Commission. Appeal from the District Court of the United
States for the Northern District of Ohio. Judgment affirmed.
Opinon by Mr. Justice Jackson. Dissenting opinion by Mr. Justice
Douglas in which Mr. Justice Black and Mr. Justice Byrnes join.
No. 601. M. Hampton Magruder, Collector of Internal Revenue,
petitioner, v. Washington, Baltimore and Annapolis Realty Corpo-
ration. On writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of
Appeals for the Fourth Circuit. Judgment reversed with costs and
cause remanded to the District Court of the United States for the
District of Maryland for further proceedings in conformity with
the opinion of this Court. Opinion by Mr. Justice Murphy.
No. 600. Guy T. Helvering, Commissioner of Internal Revenue,
petitioner v. Safe Deposit and Trust Company of Baltimore, Trustee
under Wills of R. J. Reynolds and Katharine S. Johnston, etc., et al.
On writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals
for the Fourth Circuit. Judgment of the Circuit Court of Appeals
reversed and cause remanded to the Circuit Court of Appeals with
directions to remand to the Board of Tax Appeals for further pro-
ceedings not inconsistent with the opinion of this Court. Opinion
by Mr. Justice Black. Opinion by the Chief Justice, Mr. Justice
Roberts, Mr. Justice Frankfurter, and Mr. Justice Byrnes concurring
in part and dissenting in part announced by Mr. Justice Roberts.
No. 707. Lewis J. Valentine, individually and as Police Commis-
sioner of the City of New York, petitioner, v. F. J. Chrestensen. On
420417-42--82

MONDAY, APRIL 13, 1942
222
writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for
the Second Circuit. Decree reversed with costs and cause remanded
to the District Court of the United States for the Southern District
of New York for further proceedings in conformity with the opinion
of this Court. Opinion by Mr. Justice Roberts.
The Chief Justice announced the following orders of the Court:
No. 745. The Schenectady Union Publishing Company, petitioner,
v. Martin L. Sweeney. On writ of certiorari to the United States
Circuit Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit. Per curiam: The
judgment is affirmed by an equally divided Court. Mr. Justice Jackson
took no part in the consideration or decision of this case.
No. 1074. Ernest E. Moore, doing business as Moore Motor Freight
Lines, appellant, v. The United States of America and Interstate Com-
merce Commission. Appeal from the District Court of the United
States for the District of Minnesota. Per curiam: The motion to
affirm is granted and the judgment is affirmed. United States v.
Maher, 307 U. S. 148, 153–154; United States v. Rosenblum, 315 U. S.
-; Lubetich v. United States, 315 U. S. —.
The Chief Justice said:
"The other orders of the Court appear upon the list certified by the
Chief Justice and filed with the Clerk and will not be announced
orally."
No. In the matter of the disbarment of John Duggan, Jr. It
having been reported to the Court that John Duggan, Jr., of Union-
town, Pennsylvania, has been disbarred from the practice of the law
by the Supreme Court of the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania;
It is ordered that the said John Duggan, Jr., be, and he is hereby,
suspended from the practice of the law in this Court, and that a rule
issue returnable within forty (40) days, required him to show cause
why he should not be disbarred from the practice of the law in this
Court.
-
No. , original. Ex parte Martin Wohl et al., petitioners. The
motion for leave to file petition for writ of prohibition is denied. The
rule to show cause is discharged.
No. 782. Jack T. Skinner, petitioner, v. The State of Oklahoma,
ex rel. Mac Q. Williamson, Attorney General of the State of Okla-
homa. This case is restored to the docket for oral argument. The
Attorney General of Oklahoma, or his representative, is requested to
participate in the oral argument.

MONDAY, APRIL 13, 1942
223
No. 238. The United States of America, petitioner, v. State of New
York; and
No. 251. State of New York, petitioner, v. The United States of
America. Ordered that the opinion in these cases be amended as
follows: Strike from line 12 of page 7, the phrase "the sum of the
assets available" and insert "the total of such claims."
No. 821. Thomas D. Aiken et al., petitioners, v. Samuel Insull, Jr.,
et al.; and
No. 822. DeMet's, Incorporated, et al., petitioners, v. Samuel In-
sull et al. The motion to grant relief requested in alternative motion
filed March 13, 1942, is denied.
No. 973. The United States of America, ex rel. Bernard Paul Coy,
petitioner, v. The United States of America et al. The motion for
leave to proceed in forma pauperis is granted. The petition for writ
of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the
Sixth Circuit is also granted. Counsel are requested to discuss
whether the time for appeal to the Circuit Court of Appeals and for
petition for certiorari to this Court are governed by the Rules in
Criminal Cases, and, if not, what statute applies.
No. 1062. McKinley Morris, petitioner, v. The State of Texas. On
petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Criminal Appeals of
the State of Texas. The motion for leave to proceed further herein
in forma pauperis is denied for the reason that the Court, upon
examination of the papers herein submitted, finds no ground upon
which a writ of certiorari should be issued. The petition for writ of
certiorari is therefore also denied.
No. 1083. C. J. Hendry Company and Frank Sematovich, appel-
lants v. E. C. Moore et al., etc. Appeal from the Supreme Court of
the State of California. The appeal is dismissed for want of juris-
diction. Section 237 (a), Judicial Code, as amended, 28 U. S. C.
sec. 344 (a). Treating the papers whereon the appeal was allowed
as a petition for writ of certiorari as required by Section 237 (c) of
the Judicial Code as amended, 28 U. S. C. sec. 344 (c), certiorari is
granted.
No. 982. The United States, petitioner, v. Fred J. Rice and W.
Cameron Burton, Receivers, etc. Petition for writ of certiorari to
the Court of Claims granted.
No. 1009. Adriano Merlano Bersia, Carlo Novella, et al., petition-
ers v. The United States of America. Petition for writ of certiorari
to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Fourth Cir-
cuit denied. Mr. Justice Jackson took no part in the consideration
and decision of this application.
No. 1010. Paolo Pieraccini, Carlo Saglietto, et al., petitioners, v.
The United States of America. Petition for writ of certiorari to

MONDAY, APRIL 13, 1942
224
the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Fourth Circuit
denied. Mr. Justice Jackson took no part in the consideration and
decision of this application.
No. 1011. Luigi Schiaffino, Paolo Caltafiano, et al., petitioners, v.
The United States of America. Petition for writ of certiorari to
the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Fourth Circuit
denied. Mr. Justice Jackson took no part in the consideration and
decision of this application.
No. 1019. Charles T. Bach and Girard Trust Company, Executors,
etc., petitioners, v. Walter J. Rothensies, Individually and as United
States Collector of Internal Revenue, etc. The motion to defer con-
sideration of the petition for writ of certiorari is denied. The peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of
Appeals for the Third Circuit is denied.
No. 961. Henry Gerke, James T. Brown, et al., petitioners, v. The
United States of America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Third Circuit denied.
No. 991. Edwin L. Wiegand Company and Edwin L. Wiegand, pe-
titioners, v. Harold E. Trent Company and Harold E. Trent. Peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of
Appeals for the Third Circuit denied.
No. 993. Norristown Box Company, petitioner, v. National Labor
Relations Board. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Circuit Court of Appeals for the Third Circuit denied.
No. 997. Antoinette Coviello, petitioner, v. New York Central Rail-
road Company. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Errors
and Appeals of the State of New Jersey denied.
No. 1005. George Bohnke and Mrs. Henry T. (Eloise) Brown, pe-
titioners, v. The People of the State of New York. Petition for writ
of certiorari to the County Court of Suffolk County, State of New
York denied.
No. 1008. J. R. McDonald, J. R. Mason, et al., petitioners, v. Banta
Carbona Irrigation District. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit denied.
No. 1022. Warren Eldreth Green, petitioner, v. Donald W.
McLaren, Major, United States Army. Petition for writ of cer-
tiorari to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Second
Circuit denied.
No. 1023. Milk & Ice Cream Drivers and Dairy Employees Union,
* Local No. 225, et al., petitioners, v. Wisconsin Employment Relations
Board et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court
of the State of Wisconsin denied.

MONDAY, APRIL 13, 1942
225
No. 1056. Chestnut Securities Company, petitioner, v. Oklahoma
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Tax Commission.
Circuit Court of Appeals for the Tenth Circuit denied.
No. 95. The People of Puerto Rico, petitioner, v. Russell & Co.,
S. en C.;
No. 505. Lester A. Crancer et al., copartners, etc., et al., petitioners,
v. Frank O. Lowden et al., etc.; and
No. 932. Emond L. Viles and Frances N. Viles, petitioners, v.
The Prudential Insurance Company of America. Petitions for re-
hearing denied.
No. 644. Guy T. Helvering, Commissioner of Internal Revenue,
petitioner, v. Cement Investors, Inc.;
No. 645. Guy T. Helvering, Commissioner of Internal Revenue,
petitioner v. James Q. Newton Trust;
No. 646. Guy T. Helvering, Commissioner of Internal Revenue,
petitioner, v. James Q. Newton, Jr.;
No. 913. American Chicle Company, petitioner, v. The United
States;
No. 927. Northern Pacific Railway Company et al., appellants, v.
The United States of America et al.;
No. 947. M. Hampton Magruder, Collector of Internal Revenue,
etc., petitioner, v. Frederick M. Supplee et al.;
No. 1016. Guy T. Helvering, Commissioner of Internal Revenue,
petitioner, v. The Ohio Leather Company;
No. 1017. Guy T. Helvering, Commissioner of Internal Revenue,
petitioner, v. The Strong Manufacturing Company; and
No. 1018. Guy T. Helvering, Commissioner of Internal Revenue,
petitioner, v. Warren Tool Company. Ordered that these cases be
transferred to the summary docket. (See Rule 7, paragraph 5, and
Rule 28, paragraphs 3 and 6.)
No. 1125. Standard Oil Company of California, appellant, v.
Charles G. Johnson, as Treasurer of the State of California. Motion
to advance submitted by Mr. Earl Warren and Mr. H. H. Linney for
the appellee.
No. 799. The United States of America, petitioner, v. William R.
Johnson; and
No. 800. The United States of America, petitioner, v. Jack Som-
mers et al. Argument continued by Mr. Arnold Raum for the peti-
tioner and concluded by Mr. Floyd E. Thompson for the respondents.

MONDAY, APRIL 13, 1942
226
No. 826. Federal Trade Commission, petitioner, v. Raladam Com-
pany. Argued by Mr. Robert L. Stern for the petitioner and by Mr.
Rockwell T. Gust for the respondent.
No. 837. Smith Betts, petitioner, v. Patrick J. Brady, Warden, etc.
Argument commenced by Mr. Jesse Slingluff, Jr., for the petitioner.
Adjourned until tomorrow at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Tuesday, April 14, will be as follows: Nos. 837
and 872.
Х

TUESDAY, APRIL 14, 1942
227
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: The Chief Justice, Mr. Justice Roberts, Mr. Justice Black,
Mr. Justice Reed, Mr. Justice Frankfurter, Mr. Justice Douglas,
Mr. Justice Murphy, Mr. Justice Byrnes, and Mr. Justice Jackson.
Theodore Hollis Roche, of San Francisco, Calif.; Wilbur Wilson,
of Norman, Okla.; Alfred John Martin, of Atlanta, Ga.; James Alex-
ander Crooks, of Washington, D. C.; Frank Edward Scrivener, of
Washington, D. C.; and Douglas L. King, of Riverside, Calif., were
admitted to practice.
No. 1125. Standard Oil Company of California, appellant, v.
Charles G. Johnson, as Treasurer of the State of California. Further
consideration of the question of the jurisdiction of this Court in
this case is postponed to the hearing of the case on the merits. The
motion to advance is granted and the case is assigned for argument
on Monday, May 4 next.
No. 619. Walter G. Query et al., etc., petitioners, v. The United
States of America et al. The order denying certiorari is vacated.
The petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court
of Appeals for the Fourth Circuit is granted and the case is assigned
for argument on Monday, May 4 next, immediately following No.
1125.
No. 1027. Harry Braverman, petitioner, v. The United States of
America; and
No. 1028. Allen Wainer, petitioner, ". The United States of Amer-
ica. Petition for writs of certiorari to the United States Circuit
Court of Appeals for the Sixth Circuit granted.
No. 837. Smith Betts, petitioner, v. Patrick J. Brady, Warden, etc.
Argument continued by Mr. Jesse Slingluff, Jr., for the petitioner; by
Mr. William C. Walsh and Mr. Robert E. Clapp, Jr., for the re-
spondent; and concluded by Mr. G. Van Velsor Wolf for the peti-
tioner.
No. 872. State of Georgia, petitioner, v. Hiram W. Evans et al.
Argued by Mr. Ellis G. Arnall for the petitioner and by Mr. Edwin
W. Moise for the respondents.
Adjourned until Monday, April 27 next, at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Monday, April 27, will be as follows: Nos. 644,
645 (and 646), 845, 848, 896, 910, 924, 913, 927, and 947.
420417-42-83
☑

MONDAY, APRIL 27, 1942
228
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: The Chief Justice, Mr. Justice Roberts, Mr. Justice Black,
Mr. Justice Reed, Mr. Justice Frankfurter, Mr. Justice Douglas,
Mr. Justice Murphy, Mr. Justice Byrnes, and Mr. Justice Jackson.
Gerhard Van Arkel, of Boston, Mass.; Richard M. Davis, of Den-
ver, Colo.; James Quigg Newton, Jr., of Denver, Colo.; David
Bolton, of New York City; Lawrence F. Daly, of Milwaukee, Wis.;
Alexander McF. Mood, of Fort Worth, Tex.; Marvin T. Swann, of
Atlanta, Ga.; Marshal I. McMahon, of Chicago, Ill.; Edward Rubin,
of Los Angeles, Calif.; Orson H. Matthews, of Salt Lake City,
Utah; Roland Johnson Christy, of Philadelphia, Pa.; L. A. Goudeau,
of Baton Rouge, La.; William Mazo, of Washington, D. C.; D.
Barlow Burke, of Philadelphia, Pa.; Edward J. Griffiths, of Phila-
delphia, Pa.; Miles Henninger, of Milwaukee, Wis.; Sydney A. Luria,
of New York City; and Stephen H. Hart, of Denver, Colo., were
admitted to practice.
No. 775. Wilmington Trust Company, Executor of Alice duPont
Ortiz, deceased, petitioner, v. Guy T. Helvering, Commissioner of
Internal Revenue. On writ of certiorari to the United States Cir-
cuit Court of Appeals for the Third Circuit. Judgment reversed
and cause remanded to the said Circuit Court of Appeals for fur-
ther proceedings in conformity with the opinion of this Court.
Opinion by Mr. Justice Douglas.
No. 706. City of Chicago, a municipal corporation, Board of
Health of the City of Chicago, et al., petitioners, v. Fieldcrest Dairies,
Inc. On writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of
Appeals for the Seventh Circuit. Judgment vacated with costs and
cause remanded to the District Court of the United States for the
Northern District of Illinois with directions to retain the bill pend-
ing a determination of proceedings in the state court in conformity
with the opinion of this Court. Opinion by Mr. Justice Douglas.
Mr. Justice Roberts concurs in the result.
No. 814. The State Tax Commission of Utah, petitioner, v. Mal-
colm P. Aldrich and Mary S. Harkness, Administrators with the will
annexed of the estate of Edward S. Harkness, deceased. On writ of
certiorari to the Supreme Court of the State of Utah. Judgment re-
versed with costs and cause remanded to the said Supreme Court for
further proceedings not inconsistent with the opinion of this Court.
Opinion by Mr. Justice Douglas. Concurring opinion by Mr. Justice
420417-42- -84

MONDAY, APRIL 27, 1942
229
Frankfurter. Dissenting opinion by Mr. Justice Jackson in which
Mr. Justice Roberts concurs.
No. 872. State of Georgia, petitioner, v. Hiram W. Evans, John W.
Greer, Jr., American Bitumuls Company, et al. On writ of certiorari
to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit.
Judgment reversed with costs and cause remanded to the District
Court of the United States for the Northern District of Georgia for
further proceedings in conformity with the opinion of this Court.
Opinion by Mr. Justice Frankfurter. Mr. Justice Black concurs
in the result. Dissenting opinion by Mr. Justice Roberts.
No. 755. Municipal Investors, Association, appellant, v. City of
Birmingham, a municipal corporation, et al. Appeal from the Sup-
reme Court of the State of Michigan. Judgment affirmed with costs.
Opinion by Mr. Justice Reed.
No. 720. Milcor Steel Company, petitioner, v. George A. Fuller
Company, Neff Lathing Company, Inc., et al. On writ of certiorari
to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit.
Judgment affirmed with costs and cause remanded to the District
Court of the United States for the Southern District of New York.
Opinion by Mr. Justice Black.
No. 826. Federal Trade Commission, petitioner, v. Raladam Com-
pany. On writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of
Appeals for the Sixth Circuit. Judgment reversed and cause re-
manded to the said Circuit Court of Appeals with directions to
affirm the order of the Federal Trade Commission. Opinion by Mr.
Justice Black.
No. 708. Guy T. Helvering, Commissioner of Internal Revenue,
petitioner, v. Credit Alliance Corporation. On writ of certiorari
to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Fourth Circuit.
Judgment affirmed and cause remanded to the said Circuit Court of
Appeals. Opinion by Mr. Justice Roberts. The Chief Justice took
no part in the consideration or decision of this case. Dissenting:
Mr. Justice Black, Mr. Justice Reed, and Mr. Justice Douglas.
No. 256. Dr. Maximilian Goldstein, Dr. Benjamin Schwartz, Her-
man Rubin, and Irving Elentuch, petitioners, v. The United States
of America. On writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit
Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit. Judgment affirmed and
cause remanded to the District Court of the United States for the
Southern District of New York. Opinion by Mr. Justice Roberts.
Mr. Justice Jackson took no part in the consideration or decision of
this case. Dissenting opinion by Mr. Justice Murphy in which the
Chief Justice and Mr. Justice Frankfurter join.
No. 962, October Term, 1940. Martin M. Goldman, petitioner, v.
The United States of America;

MONDAY, APRIL 27, 1942
230
No. 963, October Term, 1940. Jacob P. Shulman, petitioner, v. The
United States of America; and
No. 980, October Term, 1940. Theodore Goldman, petitioner, v.
The United States of America. On writs of certiorari to the United
States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit. Judgments
affirmed and cases remanded to the District Court of the United
States for the Southern District of New York. Opinion by Mr.
Justice Roberts. Mr. Justice Jackson took no part in the considera-
tion or decision of this case. The Chief Justice and Mr. Justice
Frankfurter state: "Had a majority of the Court been willing at this
time to overrule the Olmstead case, we should have been happy to
join them. But as they have declined to do so, and as we think this
case is indistinguishable in principle from Olmstead's, we have no
occasion to repeat here the dissenting views in that case with which
we agree." Dissenting opinion by Mr. Justice Murphy.
No. 757. Prudence Realization Corporation, petitioner, v. A.
Joseph Geist, Trustee. On writ of certiorari to the United States
Circuit Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit. Judgment re-
versed with costs and cause remanded to the District Court of the
United States for the Eastern District of New York for further pro-
ceedings in conformity with the opinion of this Court. Opinion by
Mr. Chief Justice Stone.
No. 711. H. J. Gorman, City Treasurer of Kansas City, Missouri,
and Frank McCabe, City Assessor of Kansas City, Missouri, peti-
tioners, v. The Washington University. On writ of certiorari to the
Supreme Court of the State of Missouri. Writ of certiorari dis-
missed for want of jurisdiction. Opinion by Mr. Chief Justice Stone.
No. 1006. Harmon Metz Waley, petitioner, v. James A. Johnston,
Warden, United States Penitentiary, Alcatraz, California. On peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of Ap-
peals for the Ninth Circuit. Motion for leave to proceed in forma
pauperis granted. Petition for writ of certiorari granted. Judg-
ment vacated and cause remanded to the District Court of the United
States for the Northern District of California for further proceed-
ings in conformity with the opinion of this Court. Opinion, per
curiam, announced by Mr. Chief Justice Stone. Mr. Justice Jackson
took no part in the consideration or decision of this case.
No. 774. National Labor Relations Board, petitioner, v. Nevada
Consolidated Copper Corporation. On writ of certiorari to the United
States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Tenth Circuit. Judgment
reversed and cause remanded to the said Circuit Court of Appeals
with directions to enforce the Board's order, but with the modification
proposed by the Board to conform to this Court's decision in Re-
public Steel Corporation v. Labor Board, 311 U. S. 7. Opinion, per
curiam, announced by Mr. Chief Justice Stone.

MONDAY, APRIL 27, 1942
231
The Chief Justice announced the following order of the Court:
No. 1113. Eddie J. Viator, appellant, v. State Tax Commission,
A. H. Stone, Chairman, and J. E. Davis, Excise Commissioner. Ap-
peal from the Supreme Court of the State of Mississippi. Per curiam:
The motion for leave to file amended statement as to jurisdiction is
granted. The appeal is dismissed for the want of jurisdiction. Sec-
tion 237 (a), Judicial Code, as amended, 28 U. S. C., sec. 344 (a).
Treating the papers whereon the appeal was allowed as a petition
for writ of certiorari as required by section 237 (c) of the Judicial
Code, as amended, 28 U. S. C., sec. 344 (c), certiorari is denied.
The Chief Justice said:
"The other orders of the Court appear upon the list certified by the
Chief Justice and filed with the Clerk and will not be announced
orally."
-.
No. Ex parte Nathan Rosenberg, petitioner. The motion to
direct the Clerk to amend the roll of attorneys to show change of
name of Nathan Rosenberg to "Nathan Rosenberg Rogers” is granted.
No., original. Ex parte Harold Glass, petitioner ;
No. -, original. Ex parte Emmet H. Bozel, petitioner;
No., original. Ex parte James R. Blood, petitioner. The mo-
tions for leave to file petitions for writs of habeas corpus are denied.
No. 974. William Ward, petitioner, v. State of Texas. The mo-
tion for leave to proceed in forma pauperis is granted. The petition
for writ of certiorari to the Court of Criminal Appeals of the State
of Texas is granted, and the case is assigned for argument on Tuesday,
May 5th next.
No. 1059. Harry Pyle, petitioner, v. State of Kansas and Milton
F. Amrine, Warden, etc. The motion for leave to proceed in forma
pauperis is granted. The petition for writ of certiorari to the Su-
preme Court of the State of Kansas is also granted.
No. 926. Elmer Bently Pickens, petitioner, v. The United States
of America. On petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Circuit Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit;
No. 1030. Ella H. Tinkoff, Debtor, and Paysoff Tinkoff, Creditor-
Claimant, petitioners, v. Ben Gold, Trustee etc., et al. On petition
for writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals
for the Seventh Circuit;
No. 1032. Sam McGrew, petitioner, v. James A. Johnston, War-
den, etc. On petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Circuit Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit;
No. 1053. Lemphis Jones, alias Fred Jones, petitioner, v. Joseph
H. Brophy, as Warden of Auburn State Prison. On petition for

MONDAY, APRIL 27, 1942
232
writ of certiorari to the County Court of Cayuga County, State of
New York;
No. 1099. Bert Meredith, petitioner, v. Milton F. Amrine et al.
On petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of the State
of Kansas;
No. 960. John Mosher, petitioner, v. Robert H. Hudspeth, Warden,
United States Penitentiary, Leavenworth, Kansas. On petition for
writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for
the Tenth Circuit;
No. 1043. Arthur R. McCleary, petitioner, v. Robert H. Hudspeth,
Warden, United States Penitentiary, Leavenworth, Kansas. On
petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of
Appeals for the Tenth Circuit; and
No. 1061. Charles D. Rodgers, petitioner, v. Walter B. Martin, as
Warden of Clinton Prison, Dannemora, N. Y. On petition for writ
of certiorari to the Supreme Court of the State of New York. The
motions for leave to proceed further herein in forma pauperis are
denied for the reason that the Court, upon examination of the papers
herein submitted, finds no ground upon which writs of certiorari
should be issued. The petitions for writs of certiorari are therefore
also denied.
No. 1054. Guy T. Helvering, Commissioner of Internal Revenue,
petitioner, v. John Stuart. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Seventh Circuit
granted.
No. 1055. Guy T. Helvering, Commissioner of Internal Revenue,
petitioner, v. R. Douglas Stuart. Petition for writ of certiorari to
the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Seventh Circuit
granted and the case placed on the summary docket.
No. 819. Frederick H. Ecker, John W. Stedman, et al., etc., peti-
tioners, v. Western Pacific Railroad Corporation et al.;
No. 820. Crocker First National Bank of San Francisco et al., etc.,
petitioners, v. Western Pacific Railroad Corporation et al.;
No. 885. The Western Pacific Railroad Company, petitioner, v.
Frederick H. Ecker et al.;
No. 989. Reconstruction Finance Corporation, petitioner, v. West-
ern Pacific Railroad Corporation et al.; and
No. 1086. Irving Trust Company, as substituted trustee, etc., peti-
tioner, v. Crocker First National Bank of San Francisco et al., etc.
Petitions for writs of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court
of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit granted.
No. 1076. B. B. Guy, Jr., petitioner, v. Missouri Pacific Railroad
Company et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court
of the State of Arkansas granted.

MONDAY, APRIL 27, 1942
233
No. 1169. William A. Adams, Warden of the City Prison of Man-
hattan, et al., petitioners, v. The United States of America, ex rel.
Gene McCann. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Circuit Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit granted and case
assigned for argument on Tuesday, May 5 next.
No. 1068. Illinois Northern Utilities Company, petitioner, v. City
of Geneseo, Illinois, and Illinois Commerce Commission; and
No. 1069. Central Illinois Electric and Gas Company, petitioner,
v. Village of Heyworth, Illinois, and Illinois Commerce Commission.
Petition for writs of certiorari to the Supreme Court of the State of
Illinois denied. Mr. Justice Douglas took no part in the considera-
tion and decision of this application.
No. 1106. Otto Refior, petitioner, v. Lansing Drop Forge Com-
pany, a Michigan Corporation, et al. Petition for writ of certiorari
to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Sixth Circuit
denied. Mr. Justice Murphy took no part in the consideration and
decision of this application.
No. 1021. Legh R. Powell and Henry W. Anderson, as Receivers,
etc., petitioners, v. Maryland Trust Company, as Successor Trustee
etc.; and
No. 1075. The New York Trust Company, as surviving trustee,
etc., petitioner, v. Maryland Trust Company, as successor trustee etc.
Petitions for writs of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of
Appeals for the Fourth Circuit denied.
No. 1033. Dakota Tractor and Equipment Company, petitioner, v.
The United States of America. Petition for writ of certiorari to
the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Eighth Circuit
denied.
No. 1034. Richard E. Marine, petitioner, v. Conway P.
Coe, Com-
missioner of Patents. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United
States Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia denied.
No. 1037. The Bridgeport City Trust Company and Arthur E. All-
ing, Executors etc., petitioners, v. Commissioner of Internal Revenue.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of
Appeals for the Second Circuit denied.
No. 1044. Farm Bureau Mutual Automobile Insurance Company,
petitioner, v. Rose Violano, Administratrix, and J. Alan Partridge.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of
Appeals for the Second Circuit denied.
No. 1047. Associated Hospital Service Corporation of Massachu-
setts, petitioner, v. Thomas B. Hassett, Former Acting Collector. Pe-
tition for writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of
Appeals for the First Circuit denied.

MONDAY, APRIL 27, 1942
234
No. 1049. Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation, Receiver, etc.,
petitioner, v. S. C. White, A. J. Rew, et al. Petition for writ of
certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the
Fourth Circuit denied.
Long, et al., petitioners, v. W. B.
Petition for writ of certiorari to
No. 1050. B. W. Coyle, C. G.
Skirvin, Individually etc., et al.
the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Tenth Circuit
denied.
No. 1051. A. J. Johnson et al., petitioners, v. Kersh Lake Drainage
District et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court
of the State of Arkansas denied.
No. 1058. Midland Cooperative Wholesale, Inc., petitioner, v.
Harold L. Ickes, Secretary of the Interior, et al. Petition for writ
of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the
Eighth Circuit denied.
No. 1066. Massachusetts Bonding & Insurance Company, peti-
tioner v. Mrs. E. S. Massey et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to
the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit
denied.
No. 983. Udox N. Hankins, Receiver, etc., petitioner, v. The
United States of America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
Supreme Court of the State of Louisiana denied.
No. 1038. The United States of America, petitioner, v. American
National Bank and Trust Company of Chicago, Administrator, etc.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of
Appeals for the Seventh Circuit denied.
No. 1039. The United States of America, petitioner, v. Anna
Shepanek, individually etc. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Seventh Circuit
denied.
No. 1090. The United States of America, petitioner, v. Pearlie
Lawson, Administratrix etc., et al. Petition for writ of certiorari
to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Sixth Circuit
denied.
No. 1041. James Carlisle Baskin, petitioner, v. The United States.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Claims denied.
No. 1042. W. A. Nailling, petitioner, v. The United States of
America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit
Court of Appeals for the Sixth Circuit denied.
No. 1052. J. Frank Hogue, petitioner, v. Clinton T. Duffy, Warden,
San Quentin Penitentiary. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit denied.

MONDAY, APRIL 27, 1942
235
No. 1057. Inland Steel Company, petitioner, v. Foreman M. Le-
bold and Samuel N. Lebold. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Seventh Circuit
denied.
No. 1077. Albert I. Cassell, petitioner, v. Howard University, a
corporation. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia denied.
No. 1078. National Electric Products Corporation, petitioner, v.
Triangle Conduit & Cable Co., Inc. Petition for writ of certiorari
to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Third Circuit
denied.
No. 1095. The Pennsylvania Railroad Company, petitioner, v.
P. L. Miller. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Circuit Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 527. Carpenters and Joiners Union of America, Local No. 213,
et al., petitioners, v. Ritter's Cafe et al. The motion for leave to file
brief of National Lawyers Guild as amicus curiae is granted. The
petition for rehearing is denied.
No., original. James de Windt and Mabel de Windt, plaintiffs, v.
State of South Carolina;
No. 272. Mrs. Jessie Miles et al. petitioners, v. Illinois Central Rail-
road Company;
No. 588. National Labor Relations Board, petitioner, v. Electric
Vacuum Cleaner Company, Inc., et al.;
No. 680. U. S. Industrial Chemicals, Inc., petitioner, v. Carbide
and Carbon Chemicals Corporation;
No. 925. Selvie Windfield Wells, petitioner, v. The United States
of America;
No. 965. Genzo Shimadzu and Northeastern Engineering Corporą-
tion, petitioners, v. The Electric Storage Battery Co.;
No. 970. Great Southern Life Insurance Company et al., peti-
tioners, v. Joseph Lankston Williams;
No. 978. Commonwealth of Pennsylvania, ex rel. Alfred Maurice,
petitioner, v. Herbert A. Smith, Warden, et al.;
No. 986. Al Campeau, petitioner, v. Milton F. Amrine, Warden,
etc.; and
No. 1013. Frank Parker and George Moran, petitioners, v. The
People of the State of Illinois. Petitions for rehearing denied.
No. 1080. Claude R. Wickard, Secretary of Agriculture of the
United States, et al., appellants, v. Roscoe C. Filburn. Motion for
leave to file brief of William Lemke and others as amici curiae

MONDAY, APRIL 27, 1942
236
granted and the motion for leave to participate in the oral argument
denied.
No. 644. Guy T. Helvering, Commissioner of Internal Revenue,
petitioner, v. Cement Investors, Inc. Argued by Mr. Assistant
Attorney General Clark for the petitioner and by Mr. Stephen H.
Hart for the respondent.
No. 645. Guy T. Helvering, Commissioner of Internal Revenue,
petitioner, v. James Q. Newton Trust; and
No. 646. Guy T. Helvering, Commissioner of Internal Revenue,
petitioner, v. James Q. Newton, Jr. Argued by Mr. Assistant At-
torney General Clark for the petitioner and by Mr. Richard M. Davis
for the respondents.
No. 848. Mary W. Stewart et al., petitioners, v. The United States
of America. Argument commenced by Mr. Robert L. Lipman for
the petitioners and continued by Mr. Allan P. Matthew for the peti-
tioners and by Mr. Richard H. Demuth for the respondent.
Adjourned until tomorrow at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Tuesday, April 28, will be as follows: Nos. 848,
896, 910, 924, 913, 927, 947, 966, 314, and 1025.
420417-42-85
1

REPRINT
TUESDAY, APRIL 28, 1942
237
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: The Chief Justice, Mr. Justice Roberts, Mr. Justice Black,
Mr. Justice Reed, Mr. Justice Frankfurter, Mr. Justice Douglas, Mr.
Justice Murphy, Mr. Justice Byrnes, and Mr. Justice Jackson.
Jack F. McQuade, of Moscow, Idaho; Verling C. Enteman, of
Newark, N. J.; Henry Clifton, Jr., of New York City; Richard W.
Hall, of Cambridge, Mass.; William Joseph Webb, of Mayfield, Ky.;
Robert Edward Webb, of Mayfield, Ky.; Roland Kidder Smith, Jr.,
of Chicago, Ill.; Andrew F. Oehmann, of Washington, D. C.; Charles
J. Connolly, of Cincinnati, Ohio; Wayne H. Smith, of Indianapolis,
Ind.; Robert F. Higley, of San Diego, Calif.; Walter A. Meador, of
Nashville, Tenn.; and Ernest N. Votaw, of Philadelphia, Pa., were
admitted to practice.
No. 848. Mary W. Stewart et al., petitioners, v. The United States
of America. Argument continued by Mr. Richard H. Demuth for the
respondent and concluded by Mr. Robert L. Lipman for the peti-
tioners.
No. 896. Faitoute Iron & Steel Company et al., appellants, v. City
of Asbury Park, a municipal corporation of the State of New Jersey.
Argued by Mr. Arthur T. Vanderbilt for the appellants and by Mr.
Ward Kremer for the appellee.
No. 910. A. B. Kirschbaum Company, petitioner, v. Philip B.
Fleming, Administrator, etc. L. Metcalfe Walling, present Admin-
istrator of the Wage and Hour Division, United States Department
of Labor substituted as the party respondent herein in the place and
stead of Philip B. Fleming, resigned, on motion of Mr. William
Clarke Mason for the petitioner.
No. 910. A. B. Kirschbaum Company, petitioner, v. L. Metcalfe
Walling, Administrator, etc. Argument commenced by Mr. William
Clarke Mason for the petitioner and continued by Mr. Solicitor Gen-
eral Fahy for the respondent.
Adjourned until tomorrow at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Wednesday, April 29, will be as follows: Nos. 910,
924, 913, 927, 947, 966, 314, 1025- 1026, and 1036.
420417-42-
-86
☑

WEDNESDAY, APRIL 29, 1942
238
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: The Chief Justice, Mr. Justice Roberts, Mr. Justice Black,
Mr. Justice Reed, Mr. Justice Frankfurter, Mr. Justice Douglas, Mr.
Justice Murphy, Mr. Justice Byrnes, and Mr. Justice Jackson.
Charles J. Zinn, of New York City; Rufus A. Horn, of Tallassee,
Ala.; Halbert W. Dodd, of West Frankfort, Ill.; Max A. Mandel, of
Laredo, Tex.; John P. Blair, of Beaumont, Tex.; Arthur G. Klein,
of New York City; Santos P. Amadeo, of San Juan, P. R.; and
Meldrim Thomson, Jr., of Miami, Fla., were admitted to practice.
No. 1042. W. A. Nailling, petitioner, v. The United States of
America. Order denying certiorari withheld until May 11th next on
motion of Mr. L. E. Gwinn for the petitioner.
No. 910. A. B. Kirschbaum Company, petitioner, v. L. Metcalfe
Walling, Administrator etc. Argument continued by Mr. Solicitor
General Fahy for the respondent and concluded by Mr. William Clarke
Mason for the petitioner.
No. 924. Arsenal Building Corporation and Spear & Co., Inc., peti-
tioners, v. L. Metcalfe Walling, Administrator etc. Argued by Mr.
Walter Gordon Merritt for the petitioners and by Mr. Solicitor
General Fahy for the respondent.
No. 913. American Chicle Company, petitioner, v. The United
States. Argued by Mr. Erwin N. Griswold for the petitioner and by
Mr. J. Louis Monarch for the respondent.
No. 927. Northern Pacific Railway Company et al., appellants, v.
The United States of America et al. Argument commenced by Mr.
J. P. Plunkett for the appellants and continued by Mr. Smith R.
Brittingham, Jr., for the appellees, The United States and Interstate
Commerce Commission.
Adjourned until tomorrow at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Thursday, April 30, will be as follows: Nos. 927,
947, 966, 314, 1025, 1026, 1036, 1080, 973, and 619.
☑
420417-42-87

THURSDAY, APRIL 30, 1942
239
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: The Chief Justice, Mr. Justice Roberts, Mr. Justice Black,
Mr. Justice Reed, Mr. Justice Frankfurter, Mr. Justice Douglas, Mr.
Justice Murphy, Mr. Justice Byrnes, and Mr. Justice Jackson.
Spurgeon E. Bell, of Austin, Tex.; Hal F. Rachal, of Corpus Christi,
Tex.; Richard C. Sheppard, of Boston, Mass.; Pat Coon, of Austin,
Tex.; William A. McRae, Jr., of Jacksonville, Fla.; F. Cleveland
Hedrick, Jr., of Jacksonville, Fla.; Millard W. Cron, of Gallatin,
Tenn.; William Bryant Spohn, of Washington, D. C.; Joseph L.
Borda, of New York City; Kelly L. Taulbee, of Los Angeles, Calif.;
and Joseph A. Solovei, of New York City, were admitted to practice.
No. 1119. Henry Allen Hill, petitioner, v. The State of Texas. On
petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Criminal Appeals of
the State of Texas. The motion for leave to proceed in forma pau-
peris is granted. The petition for writ of certiorari is also granted
and the case is assigned for argument on Monday, May 11, next.
Execution of the judgment of Criminal District Court No. 2, Dallas
County, Texas, is stayed pending the final disposition of the case by
this Court.
No. 927. Northern Pacific Railway Company et al., appellants, v.
The United States of America et al. Argument concluded by Mr.
Smith R. Brittingham, Jr., for the appellees, The United States and
Interstate Commerce Commission, and case submitted by Mr. Neal E.
Williams for The Public Service Commission of North Dakota et al.
No. 947. M. Hampton Magruder, Collector of Internal Revenue,
etc., petitioner, v. Frederick M. Supplee et al. Argued by Mr. Doug-
lass B. Maggs for the petitioner and by Mr. Nathan J. Felsenberg
for the respondents.
No. 966. Charles Jobin, appellant, v. The State of Arizona. Ar-
gued by Mr. Hayden C. Covington for the appellant. No appearance
for the appellee.
No. 314. Louis Bowden and Zada Sanders, petitioners, v. City of
Fort Smith, Arkansas. Argued by Mr. Osmond K. Fraenkel and
by Mr. Hayden C. Covington for the petitioners. No appearance for
the respondent.
420417-42- -88

THURSDAY, APRIL 30, 1942
240
No. 1025. National Broadcasting Company, Inc., et al., appellants,
v. The United States of America et al. Motion for a temporary re-
straining order submitted by Mr. John T. Cahill for the appellants.
Argument commenced by Mr. John T. Cahill for the appellants and
continued by Mr. Telford Taylor for the appellees.
Adjourned until tomorrow at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Friday, May 1, will be as follows: Nos. 1025,
1026, 1036, 1080, 973, 619, 1125, 1040, 782, and 974.

FRIDAY, MAY 1, 1942
241
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: The Chief Justice, Mr. Justice Roberts, Mr. Justice Black,
Mr. Justice Reed, Mr. Justice Frankfurter, Mr. Justice Douglas,
Mr. Justice Murphy, Mr. Justice Byrnes, and Mr. Justice Jackson.
Jane Mapes Pierce, of Grand Rapids, Mich.; Robert L. Pierce of
Ann Arbor, Mich.; Francis C. Reed, of New York City; Richard
W. Hogue, Jr., of New York City; Leighton Homer Surbeck, of New
York City; Joseph H. Ream, of New York City; Robert D. Flory,
of Columbus, Nbr.; Henry Gardner Ingraham, of Brooklyn, N. Y.;
Robert S. Nevin, of Dayton, Ohio; E. K. Gubin, of San Francisco,
Calif.; George C. Sharp, of New York City; Lisle R. Van Burgh,
of Houston, Tex.; Dell King Steuart, of Minneapolis, Minn., and
J. Cookman Boyd, Jr., of Baltimore, Md., were admitted to practice.
No. 903. Robert L. Peyton, petitioner, v. Railway Express Agency,
Inc., et al. Submitted by Mr. Robert L. Peyton pro se and by Mr.
Harry S. Marx and Mr. Charles C. Evans for the respondents.
No. 1025. National Broadcasting Company, Inc., et al., appellants,
v. The United States of America et al. Argument concluded by Mr.
Telford Taylor for the appellees, The United States of America and
Federal Communications Commission.
No. 1026. Columbia Broadcasting System, Inc., appellant, v. The
United States of America et al. Motion for temporary restraining
order submitted by Mr. Charles E. Hughes, Jr., for the appellant.
Argued by Mr. Charles E. Hughes, Jr., for the appellant; by Mr.
Telford Taylor for the appellees, The United States of America and
Federal Communications Commission; and by Mr. Louis G. Cald-
well for the appellee, Mutual Broadcasting System, Inc.
No. 1036. Chrysler Corporation et al., appellants, v. The United
States of America. Argument commenced by Mr. Nicholas Kelley
for the appellants and continued by Mr. Albert Holmes Baldridge
for the appellee.
Adjourned until Monday next at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Monday, May 4, will be as follows: Nos. 1036,
1080, 973, 619, 1125, 1040, 782, and 974.
☑
420417-42-89

MONDAY, MAY 4, 1942
242
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: The Chief Justice, Mr. Justice Roberts, Mr. Justice Black,
Mr. Justice Reed, Mr. Justice Frankfurter, Mr. Justice Douglas, Mr.
Justice Murphy, Mr. Justice Byrnes, and Mr. Justice Jackson.
James E. Fahey, of Louisville, Ky.; Julius Schlezinger, of Colum-
bus, Ohio; Jerome C. Strumpf, of New York, N. Y.; Strother P. Wal-
ton, of Fresno, Calif.; George Levin Aynesworth, of Fresno, Calif.;
Walton Stanley Allen, of Marlow, Okla.; Herman Horowitz, of
New York, N. Y.; Elmer S. Tackett, of Hot Springs, Ark.; Frank
W. DeFriece, of Bristol, Tenn.; Walter S. Smith, of Knoxville, Tenn.;
Norman E. H. Deletzke, of Chicago, Ill.; Mildred Oats, of New York,
N. Y.; Adrian A. Kragen, of Oakland, Calif.; Ernest Roy Gilpin, of
New York, N. Y.; Manuel Levine, of Brookline, Mass.; Warren M.
Caro, of Brooklyn, N. Y.; Richard P. Dietzman, of Louisville, Ky.;
Gabriel A. Namen, of Worcester, Mass.; Daniel P. Loomis, of Cran-
ford, N. J.; and Nora B. Padway, of Milwaukee, Wis., were admitted
to practice.
No. 595. Swift and Company et al., appellants, v. The United States
of America, Interstate Commerce Commission et al. Appeal from
the District Court of the United States for the Northern District
of Illinois. Decree affirmed. Opinion by Mr. Justice Jackson. Dis-
senting opinion by Mr. Justice Douglas in which the Chief Justice
and Mr. Justice Murphy join.
No. 738. The United States of America, petitioner, v. Citizens Loan
& Trust Co., Administrator, etc. On writ of certiorari to the United
States Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia. Judgment
reversed and cause remanded to the District Court of the United
States for the District of Columbia for reinstatement of its judgment.
Opinion by Mr. Justice Byrnes.
No. 649. Mishawaka Rubber and Woolen Manufacturing Com-
pany, petitioner, v. S. S. Kresge Company. On writ of certiorari
to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Sixth Circuit.
Decree vacated with costs and cause remanded to the District Court
of the United States for the Eastern District of Michigan for the
entry of a decree in conformity with the opinion of this Court.
Opinion by Mr. Justice Frankfurter. Dissenting opinion by Mr.
Justice Black in which Mr. Justice Douglas and Mr. Justice Murphy
join.
420417-42-90

MONDAY, MAY 4, 1942
243
The Chief Justice announced the following orders of the Court:
No. 815. The State Tax Commission of Utah and Oliver G. Ellis,
State Treasurer of the State of Utah, petitioners, v. Alvin Unter-
myer, Irwin Untermyer, et al., etc. On petition for writ of certiorari
to the Supreme Court of the State of Utah. Per curiam: The petition
for writ of certiorari is granted and the judgment is reversed on au-
thority of No. 814, State Tax Commission of Utah v. Aldrich, de-
cided April 27, 1942.
No. 1160. Board of Trustees of the Town of Cebolleta Land Grant,
appellant, v. L Bar Cattle Company, Inc. Appeal from the Supreme
Court of the State of New Mexico. Per curiam: The appeal is dis-
missed for the want of jurisdiction. Section 237 (a), Judicial Code,
as amended, 28 U. S. C., sec. 344 (a). Treating the papers whereon
the appeal was allowed as an application for writ of certiorari as re-
quired by section 237 (c) of the Judicial Code, as amended, 28
U. S. C., sec. 344 (c), certiorari is denied.
The Chief Justice said:
"The other orders of the Court appear upon the list certified by
the Chief Justice and filed with the Clerk and will not be announced
orally."
ORDER
It is ordered by this Court that the bond of the Marshal, Thomas
E. Waggaman, dated May 2, 1942, be, and the same is, this day
approved and recorded.
ORDER
It is ordered that the Rules of Practice for the Courts of the United
States in Admiralty and Maritime Jurisdiction be, and they are
hereby, amended by adding the following new rule:
Rule 442 Pre-Trial Procedure; Formulating Issues.
Rule 16 of the Rules of Civil Procedure shall be applicable in cases
in Admiralty.
No., original. Ex parte John Weber, petitioner. Application
denied.
No. original. Ex parte Leo T. Schugsda, petitioner; and
No. -, original. Ex parte Andrew Vialva, petitioner. The mo-
tions for leave to file petitions for writs of habeas corpus are denied.
No. 5, original. State of Colorado, complainant, v. State of Kansas
et al. It is ordered that the Honorable Charles C. Cavanah, a retired
District Judge of the United States, of Boise, Idaho, be, and he is
hereby appointed Special Master in this cause, with authority to

MONDAY, MAY 4, 1942
244
summon witnesses, issue subpoenas, and to take such evidence as he
may deem it necessary to call for, or as may be introduced in the
event that the taking of additional testimony is authorized. The
motion now pending before this Court to take additional testimony
in the cause is referred to the Master, whose decision shall be final
unless a petition for its review by this Court is filed by any party
within ten days after the decision. The Master is directed to examine
the evidence already taken in the cause and any further evidence that
may be taken, to make findings of fact and conclusions of law, and to
submit the same to this Court with all convenient speed, together
with his recommendations for a decree. The findings, conclusions,
and recommendations of the Master shall be subject to consideration,
revision, or approval by the Court. In view of the fact that the
Master is a retired judge, the Court accepts his offer to serve without
compensation, but he shall be allowed his actual expenses. The al-
lowances to him, the compensation paid to his stenographic and cleri-
cal assistants, and the cost of printing his report shall be charged
against and be borne by the parties in such proportion as the Court
hereafter may direct. If the place becomes vacant during the
recess of the Court, the Chief Justice shall have authority to make
a new designation of a Master, which shall have the same effect as
if originally made by the Court herein.
No. 799. The United States of America, petitioner, v. William R.
Johnson; and
No. 800. The United States of America, petitioner, v. Jack Som-
mers, James A. Hartigan, John M. Flanagan, et al. Ordered that
this cause be restored to the docket for reargument on October 12,
next.
For purposes of the reargument the briefs, with appropriate record
citations, and arguments of counsel will be directed solely to the follow-
ing questions:
(1) What evidence warranted submission by the trial court to the
jury of the charges made as to each of the defendants (a) in each
of the four substantive counts, and (b) in the conspiracy count.
(2) In the circumstances of this cause, is proof of gross receipts
sufficient to establish that net income resulted from the operation of
any enterprise in which respondent Johnson is alleged to have been.
interested?
(3) To sustain the sentence of respondent Johnson on the first four
counts, on petitioner's "expenditure theory," must the record furnish
proof that during some one of the four years referred to in those
counts his expenditures exceeded reported income, and were made in
part from his unreported income received in that particular year?
(4) If so, does the record furnish such proof?

MONDAY, MAY 4, 1942
245
No. 976. Continental Illinois National Bank and Trust Company
of Chicago, Conservator, etc., petitioner, v. The United States of
America. On petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Cir-
cuit Court of Appeals for the Seventh Circuit;
No. 1031. Virdo Jones, petitioner, v. The State of Kansas et al. On
petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of the State of
Kansas;
No. 1081. Homer C.. Price, petitioner, v. James A. Johnston, War-
■ den, etc. On petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Cir-
cuit Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit;
No. 1108. Myrtle W. Quinn, as Administratrix, etc., petitioner, v.
American Range Lines, Inc., et al. On petition for writ of certiorari
to the Supreme Court of the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania;
No. 1153. Alfred Bauer, petitioner, v. Walter B. Martin, as War-
den of Clinton Prison, Dannemora, New York. On petition for writ
of certiorari to the Supreme Court of the State of New York;
No. 1102. John Russell Miller, petitioner, v. Clinton T. Duffy,
Warden, California State Prison. On petition for writ of certiorari
to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit;
No. 1103. John Russell Miller, petitioner, v. Clinton T. Duffy,
Warden, California State Prison. On petition for writ of certiorari
to the Supreme Court of the State of California;
No. 1117. James Harrington, petitioner, v. Dr. Walter B. Martin,
as Warden, etc. On petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme
Court of the State of New York;
No. 1129. Ed Wetzel, petitioner, v. W. F. Schaefer, as Trustee, etc.
On petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court
of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit;
No. 1134. Mary Copley, petitioner, v. The Industrial Accident
Commission of the State of California et al. On petition for writ of
certiorari to the Supreme Court of the State of California; and
No. 1149. Frank Contardi, petitioner, v. Herbert A. Smith, War-
den, etc. On petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of
the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania. The motions for leave to pro-
ceed further herein in forma pauperis are denied for the reason that
the Court, upon examination of the papers herein submitted, finds
no ground upon which writs of certiorari should be issued. The
petitions for writs of certiorari are therefore also denied.
No. 1079. Benjamin M. Perlstein and Harry Paul, petitioners, v.
The United States of America. Petition for writ of certiorari to
the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Third Circuit
denied. Mr. Justice Murphy took no part in the consideration or
decision of this application.

MONDAY, MAY 4, 1942
246
No. 1097. Odell Waller, petitioner, v. Rice M. Youell, Superintend-
ent, etc. The motion for leave to proceed on the typewritten record
is granted. The petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court
of Appeals of the State of Virginia is denied.
No. 923. Phillips Pipe Line Company, petitioner, v. The United
States. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Claims denied.
No. 1091. National Manufacture and Stores Corporation, peti-
tioner, v. Marion H. Allen, Collector of Internal Revenue, Petition
for writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals
for the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 1092. City of Oakland, a municipal corporation, petitioner, v.
The United States of America. Petition for writ of certiorari to
the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit
denied.
No. 1101. Ceval Neal, petitioner, v. The State of Maryland. Peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals of the State of
Maryland denied.
No. 709. Guy T. Helvering, Commissioner of Internal Revenue,
petitioner, v. Kay Manufacturing Corporation. Petition for writ of
certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the
Second Circuit denied.
No. 157, October Term, 1939. John Weber, petitioner, v. The
United States of America.
No. , original. Ex parte William Doster Noland, petitioner;
No. 11, original. Ex parte Forrest Holiday, petitioner;
No. 658. United States of America, to the use of Noland Company,
Incorporated, petitioner, v. Alexander D. Irwin et al.;
No. 981. Lillian I. Randall, petitioner, v. Labaddie Bottoms River
Protection District of Franklin County, Missouri;
No. 990. Josephine V. Hall, petitioner, v. The United States;
No. 1014. Charles B. Rayner, petitioner, v. United North and
South Development Company; and
No. 1024. Tampax, Incorporated, and Tampax Sales Corporation,
petitioners, v. The Personal Products Corporation et al. Petitions
for rehearing denied.
No. 523. Louis Weber, petitioner, v. The United States of America.
Petition for rehearing denied. Mr. Justice Jackson took no part in
the consideration or decision of this application.
No. 712. John P. Nick and Clyde A. Weston, petitioners, v. The
United States of America. The motion for leave to file a second
petition for rehearing is granted. The second petition for rehearing
is denied.

MONDAY, MAY 4, 1942
ORDER
247
It is ordered that the call of the docket, except for special assign-
ments, be suspended for the term upon the conclusion of the argu-
ment in case No. 974, and that the Court will then take a recess until
Monday, May 11.
No. 1180. Graver Tank & Manufacturing Corporation, petitioner,
v. New England Terminal Company. On petition for writ of cer-
tiorari to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the First
Circuit. Dismissed per stipulation of counsel.
No. 1036. Chrysler Corporation et al., appellants, v. The United
States of America. Argument concluded by Mr. Albert Holmes Bald-
ridge for the appellee.
No. 1080. Claude R. Wickard, Secretary of Agriculture, etc., et al.,
appellants, v. Roscoe C. Filburn. Argued by Mr. Solicitor General
Fahy for the appellants and by Mr. Harry N. Routzohn and Mr. Webb
R. Clark for the appellee.
No. 973. The United States of America, ex rel. Bernard Paul Coy,
petitioner, v. The United States of America et al. Argument com-
menced by Mr. James E. Fahey for the petitioner.
Adjourned until tomorrow at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Tuesday, May 5, will be as follows: Nos. 973, 619,
1125, 1040, 782, and 974.
Х

TUESDAY, MAY 5, 1942
248
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: The Chief Justice, Mr. Justice Roberts, Mr. Justice Black.
Mr. Justice Reed, Mr. Justice Frankfurter, Mr. Justice Douglas, Mr.
Justice Murphy, Mr. Justice Byrnes, and Mr. Justice Jackson.
John Howland, of Cleveland, Ohio; Herbert G. Pillen, of Washing-
ton, D. C.; Eldred E. Adams, of Louisa, Ky.; William H. Levit, of
San Francisco, Calif.; Casimir Adam Miketta. of Los Angeles, Calif.;
Charles Pergler, of Washington, D. C.; Alex W. Davis, of Los
Angeles, Calif.; Pierce Works, of Los Angeles, Calif.; James R.
Withrow, Jr., of New York City; William Power Maloney, of New
York City; William Galbally, Jr., of Los Angeles, Calif.; Joseph E.
Kehoe, of Melrose, Mass.; Thomas Winfield Blackwell, Jr., of Win-
ston-Salem, N. C.; and Richard Charles Cadwallader, of Baton
Rouge, La., were admitted to practice.
No. 973. The United States of America, ex rel. Bernard Paul Coy,
petitioner, v. The United States of America et al. Argument con-
tinued by Mr. James E. Fahey for the petitioner and concluded by
Mr. H. G. Ingraham for the respondent.
No. 619. Walter G. Query et al., etc., petitioners, v. The United
States of America et al. Argued by Mr. Claude K. Wingate for the
petitioners and by Mr. Assistant Attorney General Clark for the
respondents.
No. 1125. Standard Oil Company of California, appellant, v.
Charles G. Johnson, as Treasurer of the State of California. Argued
by Mr. Francis R. Kirkham for the appellant and by Mr. Adrian A.
Kragen for the appellee.
No. 1040. W. B. Parker, Director of Agriculture, et al., appellants,
v. Porter L. Brown. Argued by Mr. Walter L. Bowers for the appel-
lants and by Mr. G. Levin Aynesworth for the appellee.
Adjourned until tomorrow at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Wednesday, May 6, will be as follows: Nos. 782
and 974.
Х
420417-42-91

WEDNESDAY, MAY 6, 1942
249
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: The Chief Justice, Mr. Justice Roberts, Mr. Justice
Black, Mr. Justice Reed, Mr. Justice Frankfurter, Mr. Justice Doug-
las, Mr. Justice Murphy, Mr. Justice Byrnes, and Mr. Justice
Jackson.
Edward P. Chase, of Santa Fe, N. Mex.; Cecil Mignonae Roeder,
of Jacksonville, Ill.; John M. Robinson, Jr., of Los Angeles, Calif.;
Gail L. Ireland, of Denver, Colo.; William Axer Graham, of Balti-
more, Md.; and P. H. Dickerson, of Hot Springs, Ark., were ad-
mitted to practice.
No. 782. Jack T. Skinner, petitioner, v. The State of Oklahoma,
ex rel. Mac Q. Williamson, Attorney General of the State of Okla-
homa. Argued by Mr. Mac Q. Williamson for the respondent and
case submitted by Mr. W. J. Hulsey, Mr. H. I. Aston, and Mr. Guy
L. Andrews for the petitioner.
No. 974. William Ward, petitioner, v. State of Texas. Argument
commenced by Mr. Leon A. Ransom for the petitioner; continued by
Mr. Robert Ming, Jr., for the petitioner; by Mr. Pat Coon and Mr.
Spurgeon E. Bell for the respondent; and concluded by Mr. William
Robert Ming, Jr., for the petitioner.
Adjourned until Monday, next, at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Monday, May 11, will be as follows: Nos. 1169
and 1119.
Х
420417-42-92

MONDAY, MAY 11, 1942
250
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: The Chief Justice, Mr. Justice Roberts, Mr. Justice Black,
Mr. Justice Reed, Mr. Justice Frankfurter, Mr. Justice Douglas, Mr.
Justice Murphy, Mr. Justice Byrnes, and Mr. Justice Jackson.
Lorna E. Lockwood, of Phoenix, Ariz.; Joe V. Williams, Jr., of
Chattanooga, Tenn.; John Tilden Rogers, of Winston-Salem, N. C.;
James Patterson Alexander, of Austin, Tex.; Charles Louis Knight,
of Washington, D. C.; William R. Rodenberg, of Washington, D. C.;
Fred Frieman, of Newark, N. J.; William L. Craig, of Evansville,
Ind.; Fred W. Crow, of Pomeroy, Ohio; Marcus A. Hollabaugh, of
Washington, D. C.; Paul M. Strack, of Newark, N. J.; Geo. W.
Crockett, Jr., of Fairmont, W. Va.; Walter T. Nolte, of Washington,
P. C.; Edwin W. Baron, of Cheyenne, Wyo.; and R. F. Deacon
Arledge, of Albuquerque, N. Mex., were admitted to practice.
No. 665. Harriett V. Pence, petitioner, v. The United States of
America. On writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court
of Appeals for the Seventh Circuit. Judgment affirmed and cause
remanded to the District Court of the United States for the Eastern
District of Wisconsin. Opinion by Mr. Justice Jackson. Dissenting
opinion by Mr. Justice Murphy in which Mr. Justice Black and Mr.
Justice Douglas join.
No. 798. The Sioux Tribe of Indians, petitioner, v. The United
States. On writ of certiorari to the Court of Claims. Judgment
affirmed. Opinion by Mr. Justice Byrnes. The Chief Justice took
no part in the consideration or decision of this case.
No. 348. The Seminole Nation, petitioner, v. The United States.
On writ of certiorari to the Court of Claims. Judgment reversed
in part and affirmed in part and cause remanded to the Court of
Claims for further proceedings in conformity with the opinion of
this Court. Opinion by Mr. Justice Murphy. Mr. Justice Reed
took no part in the consideration or decision of this case. Dis-
senting: Mr. Justice Jackson.
No. 830. The Seminole Nation, petitioner, v. The United States.
On writ of certiorari to the Court of Claims. Judgment reversed
and cause remanded to the Court of Claims for further proceedings
in conformity with the opinion of this Court. Opinion by Mr.
420417-42- -93

MONDAY, MAY 11, 1942
251
Justice Murphy. Mr. Justice Reed took no part in the consideration
or decision of this case. Dissenting: Mr. Justice Jackson.
No. 723. The United States of America, appellant, v. The Ma-
sonite Corporation, Celotex Corporation, et al. Appeal from the
District Court of the United States for the Southern District of
New York. Judgment reversed and cause remanded to the said
District Court for further proceedings in conformity with the opin-
ion of this Court. Opinion by Mr. Justice Douglas. Mr. Justice
Roberts and Mr. Justice Jackson did not participate in the con-
sideration or decision of this case.
No. 841. Susan G. Reeves, petitioner, v. William Beardall, as
Executor of the Last Will and Testament of Susan J. Graham,
deceased. On writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court
of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit. Judgment reversed with costs and
cause remanded to the said Circuit Court of Appeals for further pro-
ceedings in conformity with the opinion of this Court. Opinion
by Mr. Justice Douglas.
No. 990, October Term, 1940. The United States, petitioner, v.
Nunnally Investment Company. On writ of certiorari to the Court
of Claims. Judgment affirmed. Opinion by Mr. Justice Frank-
furter. Mr. Justice Jackson took no part in the consideration or
decision of this case. Dissenting opinion by Mr. Justice Black,
Mr. Justice Douglas, and Mr. Justice Byrnes, announced by Mr.
Justice Douglas.
No. 510. C. H. Cochran, petitioner, v. The State of Kansas and
Milton F. Amrine, Warden, Kansas State Penitentiary. On writ
of certiorari to the Supreme Court of the State of Kansas. Judg-
ment reversed with costs and cause remanded to the said Supreme
Court for further proceedings not inconsistent with the opinion of
this Court. Opinion by Mr. Justice Black.
No. 855. The United States of America, appellant, v. The Univis
Lens Company, Inc., The Univis Corporation, Jack R. Silverman,
Myer H. Stanley, G. F. Stanley, N. M. Stanley; and
No. 856. The Univis Lens Company, Inc., The Univis Corporation,
Jack R. Silverman, Myer H. Stanley, G. F. Stanley, N. M. Stanley,
appellants, v. The United States of America. Appeals from the Dis-
trict Court of the United States for the Southern District of New
York. Decree in No. 855 reversed. Decree in No. 856 affirmed, and
both cases are remanded to the District Court for the entry of an
appropriate decree in conformity with the opinion of this Court.
Opinion by Mr. Chief Justice Stone. Mr. Justice Jackson took no
part in the consideration or decision of these cases.

MONDAY, MAY 11, 1942
The Chief Justice said:
252
"The orders of the Court appear upon the list certified by the
Chief Justice and filed with the Clerk and will not be announced
orally."
No. 1040. W. B. Parker, Director of Agriculture, et al., appellants,
v. Porter L. Brown. This cause is restored to the docket for rear-
gument on October 12 next. In their briefs and on the oral argument
counsel for the parties are requested to discuss the questions whether
the state statute involved is rendered invalid by the action of Con-
gress in passing the Sherman Act, the Agricultural Adjustment Act
as amended, or any other Act of Congress. The Solicitor General
is requested to file a brief as amicus curiae and, if he so desires, to
participate in the oral argument.
No. 1107. Wade Garrett, petitioner, v. Moore-McCormack Com-
pany, Inc., et al. The motion for leave to proceed in forma pauperis
is granted. The petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court
of the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania is granted.
No. 1142. Hazel Frances Goodale, petitioner, v. Charles S. Camp-
bell and the First National Bank and Trust Co. et al. On petition for
writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of the State of Michigan.
The motion for leave to proceed further herein in forma pauperis is
denied for the reason that the Court, upon examination of the
papers herein submitted, finds no ground upon which a writ of cer-
tiorari should be issued. The petition for writ of certiorari is there-
fore also denied.
No. 1165. William H. Dunn, Jr., and Raymond Krause, appellants,
v. The State of Ohio. Further consideration of the question of the
jurisdiction of this Court in this case is postponed to the hearing of
the case on the merits.
No. 894. Guy T. Helvering, Commissioner of Internal Revenue, pe-
titioner, v. R. A. Sprouse. The order denying certiorari is vacated.
The petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court
of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit is granted and the case is assigned
for argument immediately following No. 1100.
No. 1094. The United States, petitioner, v. Callahan Walker Con-
struction Company. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of
Claims granted.
No. 1100. Emil H. Strassburger, petitioner, v. Commissioner of
Internal Revenue. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United
States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit granted.
No. 1130. United Carbon Company and United Carbon Company,
Inc., petitioners, v. Binney & Smith Company. Petition for writ

MONDAY, MAY 11, 1942
253
of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the
Fourth Circuit granted.
No. 1111. Ludovic Pignatelli, petitioner, v. The United States of
America. The motion to proceed on typewritten papers is granted.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of
Appeals for the Second Circuit denied.
No. 1116. The United States of America ex rel. John C. McDer-
mott, petitioner, v. Arthur G. Jaeger, United States Marshal, etc.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of
Appeals for the Second Circuit denied. Mr. Justice Jackson took
no part in the consideration or decision of this application.
No. 1082. Alvah H. Weathers, petitioner, v. The United States of
America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit
Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 1104. William Milburn, petitioner, v. Martha Heald; and
No. 1105. William Milburn, petitioner, v. Orland Heald. Peti-
tion for writs of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of
Appeals for the Seventh Circuit denied.
No. 1109. Edward Montgomery, petitioner, v. The United States
of America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Circuit Court of Appeals for the Third Circuit denied.
No. 1110. Mae Huffman, petitioner, v. Home Owners' Loan Cor-
poration. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Cir-
cuit Court of Appeals for the Eighth Circuit denied.
No. 1114. Gulf Refining Company, petitioner, v. Mark C. Walker
& Son Company et al.; and
No. 1115. Gulf Refining Company, petitioner, v. Charles Weaver
& Company, Inc. Petition for writs of certiorari to the United States
Circuit Court of Appeals for the Sixth Circuit denied.
No. 1131. Phil Ryan, petitioner, v. Ione Cross, Ruby Cross, an in-
fant by her next friend, et al., etc. Petition for writ of certiorari to
the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Seventh Circuit
denied.
No. 1135. Sol Andrews et al., petitioners, v. Equitable Life Assur-
ance Society of the United States et al. Petition for writ of certiorari
to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Seventh Cir-
cuit denied.
No. 1136. Addressograph-Multigraph Corporation, petitioner, v.
American Expansion Bolt and Manufacturing Company. Petition
for writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals
for the Seventh Circuit denied.

MONDAY, MAY 11, 1942
254
No. 1144. John D. McCoach, Trustee, petitioner, v. J. Rob Griffin,
Administrator, etc. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United
States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 286. Guy T. Helvering, Commissioner of Internal Revenue,
petitioner, v. Southwest Consolidated Corporation. The motion for
leave to file a second petition for rehearing is granted. The second
petition for rehearing is denied.
No. 745. The Schenectady Union Publishing Company, petitioner,
v. Martin L. Sweeney. Petition for rehearing denied. Mr. Justice
Jackson took no part in the consideration or decision of this appli-
cation.
No. 1042. W. A. Nailling, petitioner, v. The United States of
America. Petition for rehearing denied.
ORDER
The Court will take a recess from today until Monday, May 25, and
from that day until Monday, June 1, upon which day it will adjourn
for the term unless otherwise ordered.
No motions, except motions for admission to practice, will be re-
ceived after the session next before the date fixed for adjournment
of the term.
No. 1119. Henry Allen Hill, petitioner, v. The State of Texas.
Argued by Mr. Pat Coon and Mr. Spurgeon E. Bell for the re-
spondent and case submitted by Mr. J. F. McCutcheon for the
petitioner.
No. 1169. William A. Adams, Warden, etc., et al., petitioners, v.
The United States of America, ex rel. Gene McCann. Warner W.
Gardner, Esq., of Washington, D. C., appointed counsel for the peti-
tioner in this case. Case continued until October 12 next on motion
of Mr. Warner W. Gardner, the Solicitor General not objecting.
Adjourned until Monday, May 25 next, at 12 o'clock.
Х

MONDAY, MAY 25, 1942
255
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: The Chief Justice, Mr. Justice Roberts, Mr. Justice Black,
Mr. Justice Reed, Mr. Justice Frankfurter, Mr. Justice Douglas,
Mr. Justice Murphy, Mr. Justice Byrnes, and Mr. Justice Jackson.
John Joseph Finn, of Barre, Vt.; Herbert E. Gyles, of Aiken,
S. C.; John T. Rose, Jr., of Punta Gorda, Fla.; James P. Byrnes,
of Chicago, Ill.; William Charles Kaleel, of St. Petersburg, Fla.;
James M. Wilson, of Enid, Okla.; James F. Douglas, Jr., of Wash-
ington, D. C.; Emmons M. Sanford, of Silver Spring, Md.; Henry
H. Spencer, of St. Louis, Mo.; K. Thomas Everngam, of Baltimore,
Md.; Richard H. Akers, of Bethesda, Md.; Austin L. Staley, of
Pittsburgh, Pa.; Felix C. Lourie, of New York City; Elry Stone,
of Miami, Fla.; T. Murray Robinson, of Oklahoma City, Okla.;
David G. Geffner, of Providence, R. I.; Herbert H. Lind, of Zanes-
vill, Ohio; Chas. E. Kamp, of Houston, Tex.; Aaron H. Marx, of
New York City; James J. McQuirk, Jr., of New York City; John G.
Bosche, of San Francisco, Calif.; Philip Adams, of San Francisco,
Calif.; John T. Hillis, of Logansport, Ind.; Leonard B. Marshall,
of Terre Haute, Ind.; Howard Taylor Batman, of Terre Haute, Ind.;
Frank T. Cullitan, of Cleveland, Ohio; Benjamin M. Goldstein, of
Monticello, N. Y.; Warley L. Parrott, of New York City; Sophie B.
Lyman, of Washington, D. C.; Ewing Gordon Simpson, of Washing-
ton, D. C.; Louis F. Davis, of Chicago, Ill.; Lyman M. Tondel, Jr.,
of New York City; Daniel J. Reidy, of New York City; John J.
Dolan, of Washington, D. C.; Howard A. Swartwood, of Bingham-
ton, N. Y.; William H. Pritchard, of Johnson City, N. Y.; Birney
Mills Van Benschoten, of Flint, Mich.; Charles M. Van Benschoten,
of Flint, Mich.; Clayton Lee Burwell, of Charlotte, N. C.; R. F. Hoke
Pollock, of Kinston, N. C.; Walton S. Shepherd, Jr., of Charleston,
W. Va.; Ray C. Thomas, of Gary, Ind.; John Lloyd, Jr., of Atlantic
City, N. J.; Miller Walton, of Miami, Fla.; Hubert E. Wickens, of
Greensburg, Ind.; Arthur D. Bishop, of Flora, Ind.; Charles Adolph
Williams, of Oxford, Ohio; Merl L. Gochenour, of Warsaw, Ind.;
and Wilfred Davis Graham, of Pittsburgh, Pa., were admitted to
practice.
No. 947. M. Hampton Magruder, Collector of Internal Revenue for
the District of Maryland, petitioner, v. Frederick M. Supplee and
Elizabeth G. Supplee, his wife. On writ of certiorari to the United
States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Fourth Circuit. Judgment
420417-42– -91

MONDAY, MAY 25, 1942
256
reversed with costs and cause remanded to the District Court of the
United States for the District of Maryland for further proceedings
in conformity with the opinion of this Court. Opinion by Mr. Jus-
tice Murphy.
No. 848. Mary W. Stewart et al., petitioners, v. The United States
of America. On writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit
Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit. Judgment of the Circuit
Court of Appeals reversed and judgment of the District Court affirmed
and cause remanded to the District Court of the United States for
the Northern District of California. Opinion by Mr. Justice
Roberts.
No. 332. The Williams Manufacturing Company, petitioner, v.
United Shoe Machinery Corporation. On writ of certiorari to the
United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Sixth Circuit.
Decree affirmed with costs and cause remanded to the District Court
of the United States for the Southern District of Ohio. Opinion
by Mr. Justice Roberts. Dissenting opinion by Mr. Justice Black in
which Mr. Justice Douglas and Mr. Justice Murphy concur.
No. 973. The United States of America, ex rel. Bernard Paul Coy,
petitioner, v. The United States of America et al. On writ of certi-
orari to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Sixth
Circuit. Writ of certiorari dismissed. Opinion, per curiam, an-
nounced by Mr. Chief Justice Stone.
No. 927. Northern Pacific Railway Company et al., appellants, v.
The United States of America, Interstate Commerce Commission, et
al. Appeal from the District Court of the United States for the Dis-
trict of Minnesota. Judgment affirmed. Opinion, per curiam, an-
nounced by Mr. Chief Justice Stone.
No. 903. Robert L. Peyton, petitioner, v. Railway Express Agency,
Inc., et al. On writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court
of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit. Judgment reversed with costs and
cause remanded to the District Court of the United States for the
Western District of Texas for further proceedings in conformity with
the opinion of this Court. Opinion, per curiam, announced by Mr.
Chief Justice Stone.
The Chief Justice announced the following orders of the Court:
No. 1154. Banque de France, appellant, v. The Supreme Court of
the State of New York et al. Appeal from the Supreme Court of
the State of New York. Per curiam: The appeal is dismissed for
the want of jurisdiction. Section 237 (a), Judicial Code, as
amended, 28 U. S. C., sec. 344 (a). Treating the papers whereon the
appeal was allowed as an application for writ of certiorari as re-

1
MONDAY, MAY 25, 1942
257
quired by section 237 (c) of the Judicial Code, as amended, 28
U. S. C., sec. 344 (c), certiorari is denied. The Chief Justice took
no part in the consideration or decision of this case.
No. 1202. John A. Kramer, appellant, v. Richard Sheehy, as War-
den of the State Prison of the State of Nevada. Appeal from the
Supreme Court of the State of Nevada. Per curiam: The Court has
examined all the federal questions raised by appellant. It finds that
the attack upon the validity of the state statute raises no substantial
federal question (Wolfgang v. California, 270 U. S. 627, and cases
cited), and that none of the other questions presented warrant fur-
ther review. The motion to dismiss is therefore granted and the
appeal is dismissed for want of a substantial federal question. The
motion for leave to proceed further herein in forma pauperis is
denied.
No. 1212. Edgar Bohn, appellant, v. Mrs. Elizabeth West Bohn.
Appeal from the Supreme Court of the State of Mississippi. Per
curiam: The motion to dismiss is granted and the appeal is dismissed
for want of a federal question. Under Rule 30 (2), damages of 10
percent on the amount of the judgment are awarded, it appearing
that the appeal was frivolous and taken merely for delay.
The Chief Justice said:
"The other orders of the Court appear upon the list certified by
the Chief Justice and filed with the Clerk and will not be announced
orally."
No. Ex parte Bernard Bahlhorn, petitioner;
No.. Ex parte Nicholas Parsin, petitioner;
―.
No. Robert G. Errington, petitioner, v. Robert H. Hudspeth,
Warden, etc. Applications denied.
No. Ed Wetzel, appellant, v. W. F. Schaefer. The petition
for appeal is denied.
No. Ex parte Philip A. Weinstein, petitioner. The motion
to direct the Clerk to amend the roll of attorneys to show change
of name of Philip A. Weinstein to “Philip A. Winston" is granted.
No. original. Ex parte George R. Busser, petitioner;
,
No., original. Ex parte Alfred Bauer, petitioner;
-
No. , original. Ex parte Cassius McDonald. The motions for
leave to file petitions for writs of habeas corpus are denied.
No. 1059. Harry Pyle, petitioner, v. State of Kansas et al. It is
ordered that Joseph P. Tumulty, Jr., Esq., of Washington, D. C., a
member of the Bar of this Court, be appointed to serve as counsel
for the petitioner in this case.

MONDAY, MAY 25, 1942
258
No. 914. Edward Casebeer, petitioner, v. Robert H. Hudspeth,
Warden, etc. On petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Circuit Court of Appeals for the Tenth Circuit;
No. 1215. Homer C. Price, petitioner, v. National Surety Corpora-
tion of New York. On petition for writ of certiorari to the United
States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Sixth Circuit;
No. 1224. Theophilus Ward, petitioner, v. The People of the State
of New York. On petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme
Court of the State of New York;
No. 1227. Al Campeau, petitioner, v. Milton F. Amrine, Warden,
Kansas State Penitentiary, Lansing, Kansas. On petition for writ of
certiorari to the Supreme Court of the State of Kansas;
No. 1098. Augustus H. Cottrell, petitioner, v. Joseph W. Sanford,
Warden, etc. On petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Circuit Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit;
No 1177. Louise Dean Moyer, petitioner, v. Frank Hines, as Ad-
ministrator of Veterans' Affairs. On petition for writ of certiorari
to the United States Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia;
No. 1230. Francis E. Weidhaas, petitioner, v. Loew's, Inc., and
Metro Goldwyn Pictures Corporation. On petition for writ of cer-
tiorari to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Second
Circuit; and
No. 1253. Charles Edward Rozea, petitioner, v. The People of the
State of New York. On petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme
Court of the State of New York. The motions for leave to proceed
further herein in forma pauperis are denied for the reason that the
Court, upon examination of the papers herein submitted, finds no
grounds upon which writs of certiorari should be issued. The peti-
tions for writs of certiorari are therefore also denied.
No. 1171. The United States of America, appellant, v. The Wayne
Pump Company et al.; and
No. 1172. The United States of America, appellant, v. The Wayne
Pump Company et al. Further consideration of the question of the
jurisdiction of this Court in these cases is postponed to the hearing
of the cases on the merits. Mr. Justice Jackson took no part in the
consideration or decision of this question.
No. 1137. National Labor Relations Board, petitioner, v. Indiana
& Michigan Electric Company et al. Petition for writ of certiorari
to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Sixth Circuit
granted.
No. 1138. Walter L. Mangus and Rose L. Mangus, petitioners, v.
Matthew A. Miller. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United
States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Tenth Circuit granted.

MONDAY, MAY 25, 1942
259
No. 1211. Opal Saxton Davis, petitioner, v. Department of Labor
and Industries of the State of Washington. Petition for writ of cer-
tiorari to the Supreme Court of the State of Washington granted.
No. 1132. George M. Holley, petitioner, v. The United States of
America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit
Court of Appeals for the Sixth Circuit denied. Mr. Justice Murphy
took no part in the consideration or decision of this application.
No. 1145. W. J. Lamar et al., petitioners, v. Kentenia Cumberland
Corporation et al. The motion for leave to proceed on typewritten
papers is granted. The petition for writ of certiorari to the Court
of Appeals of the Commonwealth of Kentucky is denied.
No. 1156. Mayte C. Ross, petitioner, v. Commissioner of Internal
Revenue. The motion to defer consideration of the application for
writ of certiorari is denied. The petition for writ of certiorari to
the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Third Circuit
is denied.
No. 1229. Klaxon Company, petitioner, v. Stentor Electric Manu-
facturing Company. The motion to use the certified transcript in
No. 741, October Term, 1940, and to dispense with the printing
thereof is granted. The petition for writ of certiorari to the United
States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Third Circuit is denied.
No. 1084. George R. Cooke Company, petitioner, v. Nick Maki.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of
Appeals for the Sixth Circuit denied.
No. 1093. Samuel Evans Massengill, petitioner, v. J. T. Wilson,
Administrator of the estate of Pearl Locklair, deceased. Petition
for writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals
for the Sixth Circuit denied.
No. 1096. The Nez Perce Tribe of Indians, petitioner, v. The
United States. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Claims
denied.
No 1118. Eldon Steele, petitioner, v. The State of North Carolina.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of the State of
North Carolina denied.
No. 1120. Anthony Maggio, Carl Ippolito, et al., petitioners, v.
The United States of America. Petition for writ of certiorari to
the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Third Circuit
denied.
No. 1123. Evergreen Farms Company, petitioner, v. Willacy
County Water Control & Improvement District No. 1. Petition for
writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for
the Fifth Circuit denied.

MONDAY, MAY 25, 1942
260
No. 1124. Albert Miller, Max Miller, et al., petitioners, v. The
United States of America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Sixth Circuit denied.
No. 1126. Herman E. Heflin and Edward Huell Heflin, petitioners,
v. The United States of America. Petition for writ of certiorari to
the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit
denied.
No. 1139. The First National Bank of Greeley, Colorado, as Execu-
tor etc., et al., petitioners, v. Minnesota Mines, Inc. Petition for
writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of the State of Colorado
denied.
No. 1143. Franham Distributors, Inc., petitioner, v. New York
World's Fair 1939 Inc. and Swift and Company. Petition for writ
of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the
Second Circuit denied.
No. 1146. Davenport Hosiery Mills and United Hosiery Mills, pe-
titioners, v. J. Buckner Fisher, Receiver, etc. Petition for writ of
certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Sixth
Circuit denied.
No. 1147. Frank G. Rath et al., petitioners, v. Pearl E. Crosby.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of the State of
Oregon denied.
No. 1148. Occidental Life Insurance Company, petitioner, v.
Sophie Eiler. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Circuit Court of Appeals for the Eighth Circuit denied.
No. 1151. Bernardine Warren, Administratrix, etc., petitioner, v.
Richard E. Haines, Trading as Annadale Creamery Co. Petition
for writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals
for the Third Circuit denied.
No. 1157. Robert A. Helton, Administrator, etc., petitioner, v.
Charles M. Thompson, Trustee, etc. Petition for writ of certiorari
to the Appellate Court, First Division, State of Illinois denied.
No. 1159. The State of Wyoming, petitioner, v. Yellowstone Park
Company. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of
the State of Wyoming denied.
No. 1161. Guy T. Helvering, Commissioner of Internal Revenue,
petitioner, v. Lewis B. Maytag, Alternate Executor, etc.; and
No. 1162. Guy T. Helvering, Commissioner of Internal Revenue,
petitioner, v. Ora B. Maytag et al., Executors, etc. Petition for writs
of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the
Eighth Circuit denied.

MONDAY, MAY 25, 1942
261
No 1182. Louis N. Rosenbaum, petitioner, v. Frederick Brown.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of the State of
New York denied.
No. 1141. Otto C. Berry and General Motors Corporation, peti-
tioners, v. Bohn Aluminum & Brass Corporation and Adolph L. Nel-
son. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit
Court of Appeals for the Sixth Circuit denied.
No. 1150. Manley Oil Corporation et al., petitioners, v. Shell Oil
Company, Incorporated. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Seventh Circuit
denied.
No. 1155. Estate of William S. Hull, deceased, et al., etc., peti-
tioners, v. Commissioner of Internal Revenue. Petition for writ of
certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the
Second Circuit denied.
No. 1158. J. G. Glover, petitioner, v. The United States of Amer-
ica. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit
Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 1164. Myrtle A. Garner, petitioner, v. George Alexander. Pe-
tition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of the State of
Oregon denied.
No. 1167. Robert Moody, August J. Lang, Jr., et al., petitioners, v.
Toole County Irrigation District. Petition for writ of certiorari to
the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit
denied.
No. 1174. Wardner G. Scott, State Engineer, etc., et al., petition-
ers, v. The United States of America et al. Petition for writ of
certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the
Eighth Circuit denied.
No. 1175. Gamboa, Rodriguez, Rivera & Co., Inc., petitioner, v
Imperial Sugar Company. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 1179. Community Natural Gas Company, petitioner, v. Ruth
Ravell. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit
Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 1194. J. Buckner Fisher, Receiver, etc., petitioner, v. Louise
Whiton, Executrix, etc. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court
of Appeals of the State of Tennessee denied.
No. 1213. Roy E. Ammond, petitioner, v. The Pennsylvania Rail-
road Company and H. F. Emerson. Petition for writ of certiorari
to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Sixth Circuit
denied.

MONDAY, MAY 25, 1942
262
No. 1058. Midland Cooperative Wholesale, Inc., petitioner, v.
Harold L. Ickes, Secretary of the Interior, et al. Motion to extend
time for filing petition for rehearing until October 5, 1942, denied.
No. 1014. Charles B. Rayner, petitioner, v. United North and
South Development Company; and
No. 1042. W. A. Nailling, petitioner, v The United States of
America. Motions for leave to file second petitions for rehearing
granted. The second petitions for rehearing are denied.
No., original. Ex parte Pedro E. Sanchez Tapia, petitioner;
No. 157, October Term, 1939. John Weber, petitioner, v. The United
States of America;
No. 711. H. J. Gorman, City Treasurer of Kansas City, Missouri,
et al., petitioners, v. The Washington University;
No. 960. John Mosher, petitioner, v. Robert H. Hudspeth, Warden,
etc.;
No. 1021. Legh R. Powell and Henry W. Anderson, as Receivers,
etc., petitioners, v. Maryland Trust Company, as Successor etc.;
No. 1075. The New York Trust Company, as Surviving Trustee,
etc., petitioner, v. Maryland Trust Company, as Successor Trustee;
No. 1077. Albert I. Cassell, petitioner, v. Howard University, a
corporation;
No 1099. Bert Meredith, petitioner, v. Milton F. Amrine et al.;
No. 1113. Eddie J. Viator, appellant, v. State Tax Commission
et al; and
No. 1149. Frank Contardi, petitioner, v. Herbert A. Smith, War-
den, etc. Petitions for rehearing denied.
No. 830. The Seminole Nation, petitioner, v. The United States.
Ordered that the opinion in this case be amended by adding at the
end of the first full paragraph on page 4 the following: "The Govern-
ment in this Court agrees to this proposition and suggests that the
cause be remanded to the Court of Claims."
No.
-
original. Ex parte Odell Waller, petitioner. Motion for
leave to file petition for writ of habeas corpus submitted by Mr. John
F. Finerty for the petitioner.
No. 1046. Ivan W. Mueller, petitioner, v. Eunice L. Mueller et al.
Reported for failure to comply with the rules.
Adjourned until Monday, June 1, next, at 12 o'clock.
Х

MONDAY, JUNE 1, 1942
263
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: The Chief Justice, Mr. Justice Roberts, Mr. Justice
Black, Mr. Justice Reed, Mr. Justice Frankfurter, Mr. Justice Doug-
las, Mr. Justice Murphy, Mr. Justice Byrnes, and Mr. Justice
Jackson.
Stanley F. Coar, of Scranton, Pa.; Judson H. West, of Indian-
apolis, Ind.; Walter Greig, of Austin, Tex.; Thomas A. Wheat, of
Liberty, Tex.; Harold F. Thurow, of Houston, Tex.; Robert G.
Page, of New York City; Simon M. Frank, of Houston, Tex.;
Joseph H. Bourgon, Jr., of Detroit, Mich.; Harold A. Zelinkoff, of
Wichita, Kans.; John Sparkman, of Huntsville, Ala.; Harold Town-
ley Pounders, of Florence, Ala.; Martin E. Blum, of Cleveland,
Ohio; Leon D. Latham, Jr., of Burlington, Vt.; Roy Carrington
Bragg, of Alexandria, Va.; William James Bailey, of Springfield,
Mass.; John Edward Sheridan, of Philadelphia, Pa.; Charles S.
Shotz, of Philadelphia, Pa.; Herman P. Eberharter, of Pittsburgh,
Pa.; Arthur S. Perry, of Austin, Tex.; B. S. Hollimon, Jr., of Ennis,
Tex.; Marion K. Smith, of Shreveport, La.; Christopher T. Lawless,
of Brooklyn, N. Y.; Robert K. Stuart, of Chicago, Ill.; S. Preston
Smith, of Washington, D. C.; Rowland Edwards, of Washington, D.
C.; William J. Sweeney, of Washington, D. C.; Howard T. Mitchell,
of Los Angeles, Calif.; James W. Haley, of Washington, D. C.;
Robert Hugh Rudd, of Richmond, Va.; John G. Garlinghouse, of
Detroit, Mich.; Russell William Bartels, of Wayne, Nebr.; Carrie
Abell Hodgson, of East Falls Church, Va.; Ruppert Bingham, of
Butte, Mont.; Stone E. Bush, of Washington, D. C.; John L. Cecil,
of Louisville, Ky.; J. Ray Larcombe, of Warrenton, Va.; Margaret
M. Comey, of Boston, Mass.; John B. Cunningham, of New York
City; William J. Barnes, of New York City; Eleanor H. Haley, of
Washington, D. C.; Frederick Marion Glass, of New York City;
Edmond W. Dillon, of Columbus, Ohio; Robert L. Reinhardt, of
New York City; Benson S. Telsey, of Brooklyn, N. Y.; Catherine
F. Dolan, of Washington, D. C.; Clair L. Stout, of Washington,
D. C.; John L. Gushman, of Toledo, Ohio; David E. Hinckle, of
Los Angeles, Calif.; Irving A. Lore, of Milwaukee, Wis.; Harold
N. Gast, of Perth Amboy, N. J.; John E. Toolan, of Perth Amboy,
N. J.; Arthur M. Smith, of Detroit, Mich.; Archie M. Stevenson, of
San Francisco, Calif.; Carleton B. Wood, of Los Angeles, Calif.;
Thomas Lynwood Smith, of Asheboro, N. C.; Richard Thomas
420417-42-95

MONDAY, JUNE 1, 1942
264
Maher, of Columbia, S. C.; James Guenveur Brawley, of Washington,
D. C.; and Emma Naomi Wheeler, of Washington, D. C., were
admitted to practice.
No. 974. William Ward, petitioner, v. State of Texas. On writ
of certiorari to the Court of Criminal Appeals of the State of Texas.
Judgment reversed with costs and cause remanded to the said Court
of Criminal Appeals for further proceedings not inconsistent with
the opinion of this Court. Opinion by Mr. Justice Byrnes.
No. 1036. Chrysler Corporation, De Soto Motor Corporation,
Plymouth Motor Corporation, et al., appellants, v. The United
States of America. Appeal from the District Court of the United
States for the Northern District of Indiana. Judgment affirmed.
Opinion by Mr. Justice Byrnes. Mr. Justice Roberts, Mr. Justice
Murphy, and Mr. Justice Jackson took no part in the consideration
or decision of this case. Dissenting opinion by Mr. Justice Frank-
furter in which Mr. Justice Reed joins.
No. 644. Guy T. Helvering, Commissioner of Internal Revenue,
petitioner, v. Cement Investors, Inc.;
No. 645. Guy T. Helvering, Commissioner of Internal Revenue,
petitioner, v. James Q. Newton Trust; and
No. 646. Guy T. Helvering, Commissioner of Internal Revenue,
petitioner, v. James Q. Newton, Jr. On writs of certiorari to the
United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Tenth Circuit.
Judgments affirmed and cases remanded to the said Circuit Court of
Appeals. Opinion by Mr. Justice Douglas.
No. 782. Jack T. Skinner, petitioner, v. The State of Oklahoma,
ex rel. Mac Q. Williamson, Attorney General of the State of Okla-
homa. On writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of the State of
Oklahoma. Judgment reversed with costs and cause remanded to
the said Supreme Court for further proceedings not inconsistent
with the opinion of this Court. Opinion by Mr. Justice Douglas.
Concurring opinion by Mr. Chief Justice Stone. Concurring opin-
ion by Mr. Justice Jackson.
No. 772. Dewey Brillhart, Administrator of the Estate of James
Dweight Brillhart, deceased, petitioner, v. The Excess Insurance
Company of America. On writ of certiorari to the United States
Circuit Court of Appeals for the Tenth Circuit. Judgment re-
versed with costs and cause remanded to the District Court of the
United States for the District of Kansas for further proceedings in
conformity with the opinion of this Court. Opinion by Mr. Justice
Frankfurter. Concurring opinion by Mr. Justice Douglas. Dis-

MONDAY, JUNE 1, 1942
265
senting opinion by Mr. Chief Justice Stone in which Mr. Justice
Roberts and Mr. Justice Jackson join.
No. 896. Faitoute Iron & Steel Company, The Howard Savings
Institution, et al., appellants, v. City of Asbury Park, a municipal
corporation of the State of New Jersey. Appeal from the Court
of Errors and Appeals of the State of New Jersey. Judgment
affirmed with costs. Opinion by Mr. Justice Frankfurter. Mr. Jus-
tice Reed concurs in the result.
No. 910. A. B. Kirschbaum Company, petitioner, v. L. Metcalfe
Walling, Administrator of the Wage and Hour Division, United
States Department of Labor. On writ of certiorari to the United
States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Third Circuit; and
No. 924. Arsenal Building Corporation and Spear & Co., Inc., pe-
titioners, v. L. Metcalfe Walling, Administrator of the Wage and Hour
Division, United States Department of Labor. On writ of certiorari
to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit.
Judgments affirmed and cases remanded to the District Court of the
United States for the Eastern District of Pennsylvania and the Dis-
trict Court of the United States for the Southern District of New
York respectively. Opinion by Mr. Justice Frankfurter. Dissent-
ing opinion by Mr. Justice Roberts.
No. 1125. Standard Oil Company of California, appellant, v.
Charles G. Johnson, as Treasurer of the State of California. Appeal
from the Supreme Court of the State of California. Judgment re-
versed with costs and cause remanded to the said Supreme Court for
further proceedings not inconsistent with the opinion of this Court.
Opinion by Mr. Justice Black.
No. 619. Walter G. Query, John P. Derham, et al., petitioners, v.
The United States of America et al. On writ of certiorari to the
United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Fourth Circuit. De-
cree vacated and cause remanded to the District Court of the United
States for the Eastern District of South Carolina for the entry of a
fresh decree from which a timely appeal may be taken if the peti-
tioners so desire. Opinion by Mr. Justice Black.
No. 913. American Chicle Company, petitioner, v. The United
States. On writ of certiorari to the Court of Claims. Judgment
affirmed. Opinion by Mr. Justice Roberts.
No. 837. Smith Betts, petitioner, v. Patrick J. Brady, Warden of
the Penitentiary of Maryland. On writ of certiorari to the Honorable
Carroll T. Bond, a judge of the State of Maryland, being a judge of
the Court of Appeals of Maryland from the City of Baltimore.
Judgment affirmed with costs. Opinion by Mr. Justice Roberts.

MONDAY, JUNE 1, 1942
266
Dissenting opinion by Mr. Justice Black in which Mr. Justice Doug-
las and Mr. Justice Murphy concur.
No. 1119. Henry Allen Hill, petitioner, v. The State of Texas.
On writ of certiorari to the Court of Criminal Appeals of the State
of Texas. Judgment reversed with costs and cause remanded to the
said Court of Criminal Appeals for further proceedings not incon-
sistent with the opinion of this Court. Opinion by Mr. Chief Justice
Stone.
No. 1026. Columbia Broadcasting System, Inc., appellant, v. The
United States of America et al. Appeal from the District Court of
the United States for the Southern District of New York. Judgment
reversed and cause remanded to the said District Court for further
proceedings in conformity with the opinion of this Court. Opinion
by Mr. Chief Justice Stone. Mr. Justice Black took no part in the
consideration or decision of this case. Dissenting opinion by Mr.
Justice Frankfurter in which Mr. Justice Reed and Mr. Justice
Douglas join.
No. 1025. National Broadcasting Company, Inc., et al., appellants,
v. The United States of America et al. Appeal from the District
Court of the United States for the Southern District of New York.
Judgment reversed and cause remanded to the said District Court for
further proceedings in conformity with the opinion of this Court.
Opinion by Mr. Chief Justice Stone. Mr. Justice Black took no
part in the consideration or decision of this case. Dissenting: Mr.
Justice Reed, Mr. Justice Frankfurter, and Mr. Justice Douglas.
The Chief Justice announced the following orders of the Court:
No. 1187. Ted Sanford, appellant, v. Norfleet Hill, Sheriff of
Harris County, Texas. Appeal from the Court of Criminal Appeals
of the State of Texas. Per curiam: The appeal is dismissed for
want of a substantial federal question. Gorin v. United States,
312 U. S. 19, 27-28; Hotel & Restaurant Employee's International
Alliance v. Wisconsin Employment Relations Board, decided
March 2, 1942.
No. 1239. Fifth Street Building, a corporation, appellant, v.
Charles J. McColgan, as Franchise Tax Commissioner of the State
of California. Appeal from the Supreme Court of the State of
California. Per curiam: The motion to dismiss is granted and the
appeal is dismissed for the want of jurisdiction. Section 237 (a),
Judicial Code, as amended, 28 U. S. C., sec. 344 (a). Treating
the papers whereon the appeal was allowed as an application for
writ of certiorari as required by section 237 (c) of the Judicial Code,
as amended, 28 U. S. C., sec. 344 (c), certiorari is denied.

MONDAY, JUNE 1, 1942
267
No. 1245. John C. Toole, Joseph R. Applegate, et al., appellants,
v. Michigan State Board of Dentistry et al. Appeal from the
Supreme Court of the State of Michigan. Per curiam: The motion
to dismiss is granted and the appeal is dismissed for want of a sub-
stantial federal question. Semler v. Dental Examiners, 294 U. S. 608,
and cases cited.
The Chief Justice said:
"The other orders of the Court appear upon the list certified by
the Chief Justice and filed with the Clerk and will not be announced
orally."
No. . In the matter of the disbarment of John Duggan, Jr. It
having been reported to the Court that John Duggan, Jr., of
Pittsburgh, Commonwealth of Pennsylvania, a member of the Bar
of this Court, has been disbarred from the practice of the law by
the Supreme Court of the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania; and this
Court by order of April 13, 1942, having suspended the said John
Duggan, Jr., from the practice of the law in this Court and directed
that a rule issue requiring him to show cause why he should not be
disbarred; and it appearing that the said rule was issued and served
upon the said John Duggan, Jr., who has not filed a return thereto,
and that the time to file such return has expired;
It is ordered that the said John Duggan, Jr., be, and he hereby is
disbarred and that his name be stricken from the roll of attorneys
admitted to practice in this Court.
No. . In the matter of the disbarment of Paysoff Tinkoff. It
having been reported to the Court that Paysoff Tinkoff, of Chicago,
State of Illinois, has been disbarred from the practice of the law by
the Supreme Court of the State of Illinois;
It is ordered that the said Paysoff Tinkoff, be, and he is hereby,
suspended from the practice of the law in this Court, and that a
rule issue, returnable within forty (40) days, requiring him to show
cause why he should not be disbarred from the practice of the law in
this Court.
No. ―.
James Baker, petitioner, v. State of Florida. The appli-
cation for a further stay is denied.
No. -, original. Ex parte Odell Waller, petitioner. The motion
for leave to file petition for writ of habeas corpus is denied.
No. 595. Swift and Company et al., appellants, v. The United
States of America et al. Ordered that the opinion of this Court in
this case be amended by striking from the eighth line of the second
full paragraph on page 10 of the pamphlet print the word "use"

MONDAY, JUNE 1, 1942
268
and inserting in lieu thereof the words "establish or become inter-
ested in". The petition for rehearing is denied.
No. 1169. William A. Adams, Warden, etc., et al., petitioners, v.
The United States of America ex rel. Gene McCann. It is ordered
that Robert G. Page, Esquire, of New York City, a member of the
Bar of this Court, be appointed to serve as counsel for the respondent
in this case in place of Warner W. Gardner.
No. 1216. The Public Utilities Commission of Ohio et al., appel-
lants, v. United Fuel Gas Company. In this case probable jurisdic-
tion is noted.
No. 706. City of Chicago, a municipal corporation, et al., petition-
ers, v. Fieldcrest Dairies, Inc. The motion to modify the judgment
as to costs is denied.
No. 2. Martin J. Bernards and Lena Bernards, petitioners, v. M. R.
Johnson et al. The motion to recall the mandate is denied.
No. 1080. Claude R. Wickard, Secretary of Agriculture of the
United States, et al., appellants, v. Roscoe C. Filburn. This cause
is restored to the docket for reargument on Monday, October 12, next,
following the cases heretofore assigned for that day. Reargument
will be limited to the question whether the Act, insofar as it deals
with wheat consumed on the farm of the producer, is within the power
of Congress to regulate commerce.
No. 1208. Andrew R. Hastings, petitioner, v. Robert H. Hudspeth,
Warden, etc. On petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Circuit Court of Appeals for the Tenth Circuit;
No. 1214. Weldon O. McAninch, petitioner, v. P. J. Squier, War-
den, etc. On petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Circuit Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit;
No. 1219. J. B. Walker, petitioner, v. James T. Spencer, substi-
tuted for Fount Butler, Administrator, etc., et al. On petition for
writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for
the Tenth Circuit;
No. 1238. Paysoff Tinkoff, petitioner, v. George W. Griffith, etc.,
et al. On petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of
the State of Illinois;
No. 1241. Frank Johnson, alias Bradley Johnson, petitioner, v.
State of Alabama. On petition for writ of certiorari to the Su-
preme Court of the State of Alabama;
No. 1248. Mrs. J. H. Hodges, petitioner, v. Ocean Accident & Guar-
antee Corporation. On petition for writ of certiorari to the Court
of Appeals of the State of Georgia; and
No. 1265. William Nathan Powers, petitioner, v. The United States
of America. On petition for writ of certiorari to the United States

MONDAY, JUNE 1, 1942
269
Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia. The motions for
leave to proceed further herein in forma pauperis are denied for the
reason that the Court, upon examination of the papers herein sub-
mitted, finds no ground upon which writs of certiorari should be
issued. The petitions for writs of certiorari are therefore also
denied.
No. 1204. Frank Bird, petitioner, v. The United States of Amer-
ica. On petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit
Court of Appeals for the Sixth Circuit. The motion for leave to
proceed further herein in forma pauperis is denied for the reason that
the Court, upon examination of the papers herein submitted, finds
that the application for writ of certiorari was not made within the
time provided by law. Rule XI of the Criminal Appeals Rules,
292 U. S. 665-666; U. S. ex rel. Coy v. United States, decided May
25, 1942. The petition for writ of certiorari is therefore also denied.
No. 1166. The United States of America, petitioner, v. Victor N.
Miller, also known as Vic Miller et al. Petition for writ of cer-
tiorari to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Ninth
Circuit granted.
No. 1217. George H. Keys, petitioner, v. The United States of
America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Cir-
cuit Court of Appeals for the Eighth Circuit denied for the reason
that the application therefor was not made within the time provided
by law. Rule XI of the Criminal Appeals Rules, 292 U. S. 665–666.
No. 1195. City of Salamanca et al., petitioners, v. The United
States of America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United
States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit denied.
Mr. Justice Jackson took no part in the consideration or decision
of this application.
No. 1218. Art Metal Construction Company, for its own use and
for the use of McCloskey & Co., Inc., petitioner, v. Lehigh Structural
Steel Company. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Circuit Court of Appeals for the Third Circuit denied. Mr. Justice
Jackson took no part in the consideration or decision of this appli-
cation.
No. 1046. Ivan W. Mueller, petitioner, v. Eunice L. Mueller et al.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of
Appeals for the Eighth Circuit dismissed for failure to comply with
the rules.
No. 1152. Harry Leford Miller and Samuel Eugene Crosby, peti-
tioners, v. The United States of America; and

MONDAY, JUNE 1, 1942
270
No. 1168. Jake Dees and Frank Dees, petitioners, v. The United
States of America. Petitions for writs of certiorari to the United
States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 1173. Lionel A. Goudeau, petitioner, v. Amelie Daigle, Widow
of Paul J. LeBlanc, et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 1176. L. W. Mesta, petitioner, v. Commissioner of Internal
Revenue. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit
Court of Appeals for the Third Circuit denied.
No. 1178. Ozark Chemical Company, petitioner, v. H. C. Jones,
Collector of Internal Revenue. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Tenth Circuit denied.
No. 1181. Royal Insurance Company, Ltd., petitioner, v. Robert
A. Smith. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit
Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit denied.
No. 1183. Lena L. Bush, petitioner, v. The Order of United Com-
mercial Travelers of America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit denied.
No. 1185. Canadian Pacific Railway Company, petitioner, v. Den-
nis Sullivan et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Circuit Court of Appeals for the First Circuit denied.
No. 1186. Modern Factors Company, petitioner, v. Tastyeast, Inc.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of
Appeals for the Third Circuit denied.
No. 1188. The Union Trust Company of the District of Columbia,
Executor, etc., petitioner, v. Guy T. Helvering, Commissioner of
Internal Revenue. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Circuit Court of Appeals for the Fourth Circuit denied.
No. 1192. Camille R. Gump, Executrix, Edwin Letts Oliver, Exec-
utor, etc., petitioners, v. Commissioner of Internal Revenue. Petition
for writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals
for the Ninth Circuit denied.
No. 1193. St. Francis Hospital, petitioner, v. Guy T. Helvering,
Commissioner of Internal Revenue. Petition for writ of certiorari
to the United States Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia
denied.
No. 1196. Manufacturers Trust Company, petitioner, v. Charles
H. Kelby, et al., etc. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United
States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit denied.

MONDAY, JUNE 1, 1942
271
No. 1198. J. R. Mason, petitioner, v. Anderson-Cottonwood Irriga-
tion District. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Circuit Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit denied.
No. 1203. Marguerite Levy, Executrix, etc., petitioner, v. National
Battery Company. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United
States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Eighth Circuit denied.
No. 1206. Gilbert E. Thiel, petitioner, v. Southern Pacific Com-
pany et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Circuit Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit denied.
No. 1207. Jamaica Water Supply Company, petitioner, v. Com-
missioner of Internal Revenue. Petition for writ of certiorari to
the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit
denied.
No. 1220. Frank Carmine Nardone and Nathan W. Hoffman, pe-
titioners, v. The United States of America. Petition for writ of
certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the
Second Circuit denied.
No. 1226. The Chesapeake and Curtis Bay Railroad Company
et al., petitioners, v. Richfield Oil Corporation of New York. Peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals of the State of
Maryland denied.
No. 1228. Robert R. Williams, Anna M. Williams, the wife of said
Robert R. Williams, et al., petitioners, v. Kenneth S. Keyes, Alex
M. Balfe, et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Circuit Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 1232. G. F. Howard, petitioner, v. United States, ex rel. S. S.
Alexander, et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United
States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Tenth Circuit denied.
No. 1236. Equitable Life Insurance Society of the United States,
petitioner, v. Emma R. Tucker. Petition for writ of certiorari to
the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Eighth Circuit
denied.
No. 1127. Manila Gas Corporation and the Islands Gas and Elec-
tric Company, petitioners, v. The Collector of Internal Revenue of
the Philippine Islands. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme
Court of the Commonwealth of the Philippines denied.
No. 1222. Henry D. Baker, petitioner, v. William H. Delay, State
Police Detective. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Superior
Court, County of Suffolk, Commonwealth of Massachusetts denied.
420417-42--96

MONDAY, JUNE 1, 1942
272
No. 1189. Wilson & Co., Inc., petitioner, v. National Labor Rela-
tions Board. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Circuit Court of Appeals for the Seventh Circuit denied.
No. 1201. Engineers Club of Philadelphia, petitioner, v. The
United States. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Claims
denied.
No. 1223. Daniel J. Houlihan, petitioner, v. The United States of
America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit
Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit denied.
No. 1234. The Peoples Natural Gas Company et al., petitioners, v.
Federal Power Commission. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
United States Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia denied.
No. 1235. Golden Gate Bridge and Highway District of California
(a public Corporation of the State of California), petitioner, v. The
United States of America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit denied.
No. 1254. Judson Zimmer, Substitute Trustee, etc., petitioner, v.
New York State Tax Commission; and
No. 1255. Judson Zimmer, Substitute Trustee, etc., petitioner, v.
New York State Tax Commission. Petition for writs of certiorari to
the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit
denied.
No. 1199. Heilig Brothers Co., petitioner, v. National Labor Re-
lations Board; and
No. 1200. Heilig Brothers Co., petitioner, v. National Labor Re-
lations Board. Petition for writs of certiorari to the District Court
of the United States for the Middle District of Pennsylvania and to
the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Third Circuit
denied.
No. 325. Frederick Rodiek, Ancillary Executor, etc., petitioner,
v. The United States of America et al. The motion for extension of
the term and for an extension of time within which to file petition
for rehearing is denied. The Chief Justice, Mr. Justice Murphy,
and Mr. Justice Jackson took no part in the consideration or decision
of this application.
No. 745. The Schenectady Union Publishing Company, petitioner,
v. Martin L. Sweeney. The motion for extension of the term and for
an extension of time within which to file petition for rehearing is
denied. Mr. Justice Jackson took no part in the consideration or
decision of this application.

MONDAY, JUNE 1, 1942
273
No. 121. S. Mayner Wallace, petitioner, v. Johanna F. Fiske
et al.; and
No. 122. S. Mayner Wallace, petitioner, v. Johanna F. Fiske
et al. The motion for leave to file a motion to vacate the order deny-
ing certiorari is granted. The motion to vacate the order denying
certiorari is denied.
No. 1097. Odell Waller, petitioner, v. Rice M. Youell, Superin-
tendent, etc.;
No. 809. Jennie Summers, petitioner, v. Paul Rice and Mabel
Rice:
No. 1034. Richard E. Marine, petitioner, v. Conway P. Coe, Com-
missioner of Patents;
No. 738. The United States of America, petitioner, v. Citizens
Loan & Trust Co., Administrator, etc.;
No. 923. Phillips Pipe Line Company, petitioner, v. The United
States;
No. 1058. Midland Cooperative Wholesale, Inc., petitioner, v.
Harold L. Ickes, Secretary of the Interior, et al.;
No. 649. Mishawaka Rubber and Woolen Manufacturing Com-
pany, petitioner, v. S. S. Kresge Company;
No. 665. Harriett V. Pence, petitioner, v. The United States of
America; and
No. 1081. Homer C. Price, petitioner, v. James A. Johnston, War-
den, etc. Petitions for rehearing denied.
ORDER
The Court will take a recess from today until Monday, June 8, upon
which day it will adjourn for the term unless otherwise ordered.
No motions, except motions for admission to practice, will be re-
ceived after the session next before the date fixed for adjournment
of the term.
Adjourned until Monday, June 8, next, at 12 o'clock.

MONDAY, JUNE 8, 1942
274
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: The Chief Justice, Mr. Justice Roberts, Mr. Justice
Black, Mr. Justice Reed, Mr. Justice Frankfurter, Mr. Justice Doug-
las, Mr. Justice Murphy, Mr. Justice Byrnes, and Mr. Justice
Jackson.
Doris Rita Williamson, of Washington, D. C.; M. M. Roberts, of
Hattiesburg, Miss.; Morton Liftin, of New York City; George Zolo-
tar, of New York City; Henry D. O'Connor, of Philadelphia, Pa.;
Gibbs Latimer Baker, of Washington, D. C.; Joseph Lancaster
Brent Bodfish, of San Francisco, Calif.; Charles B. Heinemann, Jr.,
of Chicago, Ill.; John E. McCullough, of Topeka, Kans.; Wm. Paul
Pinkerton, of Kansas City, Mo.; and Meyer Wolfe Meritt, of Pitts-
burgh, Pa., were admitted to practice.
No. 622. L. Metcalfe Walling, Administrator of the Wage and
Hour Division, United States Department of Labor, petitioner, v.
A. H. Belo Corporation. On writ of certiorari to the United States
Circuit Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit. Judgment affirmed
and cause remanded to the District Court of the United States for
the Northern District of Texas. Opinion by Mr. Justice Byrnes.
Dissenting opinion by Mr. Justice Reed in which Mr. Justice Black,
Mr. Justice Douglas, and Mr. Justice Murphy join.
No. 939. Overnight Motor Transportation Company, Inc., peti-
tioner, v. William H. Missel. On writ of certiorari to the United
States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Fourth Circuit. Judgment
affirmed with costs. Opinion by Mr. Justice Reed. The Chief Jus-
tice concurs in the result. Dissenting: Mr. Justice Roberts.
No. 280. Rosco Jones, petitioner, v. City of Opelika. On petition
for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of the State of Alabama;
No. 314. Lois Bowden and Zada Sanders, petitioners, v. City of
Fort Smith, Arkansas. On writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court
of the State of Arkansas;
No. 966. Charles Jobin, appellant, v. The State of Arizona. Ap-
peal from the Supreme Court of the State of Arizona. In No. 280
the petition for rehearing is granted and the judgment entered Feb-
ruary 9, 1942, is vacated. The judgments are affirmed with costs.
Opinion by Mr. Justice Reed. Dissenting opinion by Mr. Chief
Justice Stone, in which Mr. Justice Black, Mr. Justice Douglas, and
Mr. Justice Murphy join. Dissenting opinion by Mr. Justice Mur-
420417-42-97

MONDAY, JUNE 8, 1942
275
phy in which the Chief Justice, Mr. Justice Black, and Mr. Justice
Douglas concur. Dissenting opinion by Mr. Justice Black, Mr. Jus-
tice Douglas, and Mr. Justice Murphy announced by Mr. Justice
Black.
The Chief Justice announced the following order of the Court:
No. 315. The United States of America, on the relation of Thomas
Henry Robinson, Jr., petitioner, v. James A. Johnston, Warden,
United States Penitentiary, Alcatraz Island, California. On peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of
Appeals for the Ninth Circuit. Per curiam: The motion for leave
to file a second petition for rehearing is granted. The second peti-
tion for rehearing is granted. The order denying certiorari is va-
cated and the petition for writ of certiorari is granted. The motion
for leave to proceed in forma pauperis is also granted. In view of
the conflict of views which has arisen among the judges of the
Ninth Circuit with respect to the decision in this case (see Robinson
v. Johnston, 118 F. (2d) 998, 1001, and Crockett v. United States,
125 F. (2d) 547, 548, 549), and in view of this Court's decision in
Waley v. Johnston, 315 U. S. -, reversing 124 F. (2d) 587, the
judgment is vacated, and the case is remanded to the Circuit Court
of Appeals for further proceedings, including leave to petitioner to
apply for a hearing before the court en banc. See Textile Mills
Corp'n v. Commissioner, 315 U. S. 326.
The Chief Justice said:
"The other orders of the Court appear upon the list certified by
the Chief Justice and filed with the Clerk and will not be announced
orally."
ORDER
It is ordered that Rule 46 of the Rules of Practice for the Courts
of the United States in Admiralty and Maritime Jurisdiction be,
and it is hereby, amended by adding thereto the following par-
agraph:
"During time of war the court may in its discretion, upon its own
motion or that of any person, direct that any admiralty proceeding
be conducted in private and that the records, pleadings, evidence
and documents filed therein be impounded, if it has reason to believe.
that disclosure of them may be contrary to the national interest. In
any admiralty proceeding, during time of war, to which the United
States or an officer or agency thereof is not a party, the court shall
give to the Attorney General prompt notice of the pendency of the
proceeding and its nature."

MONDAY, JUNE 8, 1942
276
No. Amanda Eleanor Wold, petitioner, v. Industrial Accident
Commission of California et al. Application denied.
No. . H. D. Ryan et al., etc., petitioners, v. Pennsylvania Public
Utility Commission. The application for a stay is denied.
No., original. Ex parte Louis Burall, petitioner. The motion
for leave to file petition for writ of certiorari is denied.
No., original. Ex parte John St. Francis Slaughter, petitioner.
The motion for leave to file petition for writ of habeas corpus is denied.
No. 12, original. Ex parte Kumezo Kawato, petitioner. The mo-
tion for leave to proceed on typewritten papers is granted. The mo-
tion for leave to file a petition for writ of mandamus is granted. The
application is assigned for argument on Monday, October 12, next.
The Solicitor General is requested to file a brief and, if he so desires,
to participate in the oral argument.
No. 500. The United States of America upon the relation and for
the use of The Tennessee Valley Authority, petitioner, v. W. P. N.
Powelson, Assignee, etc., et al. This case is restored to the docket
for reargument on Monday, October 12, next. The reargument will
be limited to the questions presented in points II to VII, inclusive,
of the Goverment's brief. Counsel are requested to discuss in their
briefs the legislative history, so far as relevant, of sec. 25 of the Tennes-
see Valley Authority Act.
No. 1194. J. Buckner Fisher, Receiver, etc., petitioner, v. Louise
Whiton, Executrix, etc., et al. The petition for rehearing is granted.
The order denying certiorari is vacated and the petition for writ of
certiorari to the Court of Appeals of the State of Tennessee is granted.
No. 949. Benjamin McNabb et al., petitioners, v. The United States
of America. The motion for leave to proceed in forma pauperis
is granted. The petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Circuit Court of Appeals for the Sixth Circuit is granted. The
Court directs that the expense of printing the record be paid by the
United States, pursuant to 28 U. S. C., sec. 832.
No. 1163. Jessie William Miller, petitioner, v. The United States
of America. The motion for leave to proceed in forma pauperis is
granted. The petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Circuit Court of Appeals for the Eighth Circuit is granted. The
Court directs that the expense of printing the record be paid by the
United States pursuant to 28 U. S. C., sec. 832.
No. 1252. Ansel Higgins, petitioner, v. Carr Brothers Company.
The motion for leave to proceed in forma pauperis is granted. The
petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Judicial Court of the
State of Maine is granted. In view of the act of August 24, 1937
(28 U. S. C., sec. 401), the Court hereby certifies to the Attorney

MONDAY, JUNE 8, 1942
277
General of the United States that the constitutionality of the Fair
Labor Standards Act is drawn in question in this case.
No. 1045. William C. Crockett, petitioner, v. The United States
of America. On petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Circuit Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit. In view of the Gov-
ernment's concession that the remedy of habeas corpus is available
to petitioner to try his allegations, the petition for writ of certiorari
is denied, but without prejudice to an application for habeas corpus
to the proper district court. 28 U. S. C., sec. 452. The motion for
leave to proceed further herein in forma pauperis is denied.
No. 1197. Carlota Benitez Sampayo, petitioner, v. The Bank of
Nova Scotia. On petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Circuit Court of Appeals for the First Circuit. The motion for
leave to proceed further herein in forma pauperis is denied for the
reason that the Court, upon examination of the papers herein sub-
mitted, finds no ground upon which a writ of certiorari should be
issued. The petition for writ of certiorari is, therefore, also denied.
The Chief Justice took no part in the consideration or decision of
these applications.
No. 1266. John Sawa, petitioner, v. State of Indiana. On petition
for writ of certiorari to the Criminal Court of Lake County, State
of Indiana;
No. 937. Merrill L. Gall, petitioner, v. Patrick J. Brady, Warden
of the Maryland Penitentiary; and
No. 938. Charles Carey, petitioner, v. Patrick J. Brady, Warden
of the Maryland Penitentiary. On petitions for writs of certiorari to
the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Fourth Circuit;
No. 1085. Frank McKee and James Ryan, petitioners, v. James A.
Johnston, Warden, etc. On petition for writ of certiorari to the
United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit;
No. 1112. H. Dulaney Mitchell, alias H. D. Morton, petitioner, v.
The United States of America. On petition for writ of certiorari to
the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Tenth Circuit;
No. 1244. Oren Lester Record, petitioner, v. Robert H. Hudspeth,
Warden, etc. On petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Circuit Court of Appeals for the Tenth Circuit;
No. 1267. Sam Roberts, petitioner, v. John J. Bennett, Jr., as
Attorney General of the State of New York and Ransom Pratt. On
petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of the State of
New York;
No. 1259. Marlin N. Holton, petitioner, v. The State of Texas;
and

MONDAY, JUNE 8, 1942
278
No. 1260. Marlin N. Holton, petitioner, v. The State of Texas.
On petition for writs of certiorari to the Court of Criminal Appeals
of the State of Texas; and
No. 1284. Roydon M. Barrett v. Charles W. Williamson, petitioner.
On petition for writ of certiorari to the Superior Court of the
Commonwealth of Pennsylvania. The motions for leave to proceed
further herein in forma pauperis are denied for the reason that the
Court, upon examination of the papers herein submitted, finds no
ground upon which writs of certiorari should be issued. The peti-
tions for writs of certiorari are therefore also denied.
No. 875. Group of Institutional Investors et al., petitioners, v.
Chicago, Milwaukee, St. Paul & Pacific Railroad Co.;
No. 876. Group of Institutional Investors et al., petitioners, v.
Union Trust Co. et al;
No. 877. Group of Institutional Investors et al., petitioners, v.
Israel A. Abrams et al.;
No. 878. Group of Institutional Investors et al., petitioners, v.
H. C. Orton et al., etc.;
No. 879. Group of Institutional Investors et al., petitioners, v.
Guaranty Trust Co. of New York, et al., etc.;
No. 880. Group of Institutional Investors et al., petitioners, v.
Chicago, Terre Haute & Southeastern Ry. Co., et al.;
No. 881. Group of Institutional Investors et al., petitioners, v.
United States Trust Co., of New York, as Trustee, etc.;
No. 882. Group of Institutional Investors et al., petitioners, v.
Trustees of Princeton University, et al., etc.;
No. 883. Group of Institutional Investors et al., petitioners, v.
E. Stanley Glines et al., etc.; and
No. 988. Reconstruction Finance Corporation, petitioner, v. Chi-
cago, Milwaukee, St. Paul and Pacific Railroad Company et al.
Petitions for writs of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court
of Appeals for the Seventh Circuit granted.
No. 887. Warren-Bradshaw Drilling Company, petitioner, v. O. V.
Hall, individually, etc., et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit granted.
No. 1249. Mother Lode Coalition Mines Company, petitioner, v.
Commissioner of Internal Revenue. Petition for writ of certiorari
to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit
granted limited to the first question stated in the Government's
memorandum and the case is placed on the summary docket.
No. 1221. Ringling Brothers-Barnum & Bailey Combined Shows,
Inc., petitioner, v. George H. Sheppard, Comptroller, etc., et al.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of

MONDAY, JUNE 8, 1942
279
Appeals for the Fifth Circuit denied. Mr. Justice Murphy took
no part in the consideration or decision of this application.
No. 1275. Enterprise Box Company, petitioner, v. Thomas W.
Holland, Administrator, etc. The motion to substitute L. Metcalfe
Walling, present Administrator of the Wage and Hour Division,
United States Department of Labor, in the place and stead of
Thomas W. Holland is granted. Petition for writ of certiorari to
the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit
denied.
No. 943. Continental Baking Company, petitioner, v. Jesse Bum-
pus. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court
of Appeals for the Sixth Circuit denied.
No. 1184. O. O. Owens, petitioner, v. Commissioner of Internal
Revenue. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit
Court of Appeals for the Tenth Circuit denied.
No. 1209. Gladys M. Westphal, Widow of F. Gilbert Westphal,
et al., petitioners, v. Kansas City Life Insurance Company, Kansas
City, Missouri; and
No. 1210. Gladys M. Westphal, Widow of F. Gilbert Westphal,
petitioner, v. Kansas City Life Insurance Company, Kansas City,
Missouri. Petition for writs of certiorari to the United States Cir-
cuit Court of Appeals for the Seventh Circuit denied.
No. 1225. Joseph H. Moskowitz, petitioner, v. The United States
of America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Cir-
cuit Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit denied.
No. 1205. Guantanamo Sugar Company, petitioner, v. The United
States. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Claims denied.
No. 1237. The Concord Company, petitioner, v. Walter R. Will-
cuts et al., as Executors, etc. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Eighth Circuit
denied.
No. 1247. Aladdin Industries, Incorporated, petitioner, v. Na-
tional Labor Relations Board. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Seventh Circuit
denied.
No. 1256. Algoma Net Company, petitioner, v. National Labor Re-
lations Board. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Circuit Court of Appeals for the Seventh Circuit denied.
No. 348. The Seminole Nation, petitioner, v. The United States.
Ordered that the opinion of this Court in this case be amended by
adding after the first full paragraph on page 16 of the opinion the
following paragraph:

MONDAY, JUNE 8, 1942
280
"Upon the remand the Court of Claims will be free to consider
any legal or equitable defenses which the Government may interpose
to the claims asserted there by petitioner."
The petition for rehearing is denied. Mr. Justice Reed took no
part in the consideration or decision of this application.
No. 618. Julian W. Fretwell, petitioner, v. Peoples Service Drug
Stores, Inc.; and
No. 786. Milton Roe Sabin and Bertha Florence Sabin, petitioners,
v. Home Owners' Loan Corporation. The motions for leave to file
second petitions for rehearing are granted. The second petitions for
rehearing are denied.
No. 723. The United States of America, appellant, v. The Masonite
Corporation et al. The petition for rehearing is denied. Mr. Justice
Roberts and Mr. Justice Jackson took no part in the consideration
or decision of this application.
No. 1005. George Bohnke and Mrs. Henry T. (Eloise) Brown, peti-
tioners, v. The People of the State of New York;
No. 1030. Ella H. Tinkoff, Debtor, et al., petitioners, v. Ben Gold,
Trustee, etc., et al.;
No. 1102. John Russell Miller, petitioner, v. Clinton T. Duffy,
Warden, etc.;
No. 1103. John Russell Miller, petitioner, v. Clinton T. Duffy,
Warden, etc.;
No. 1144. John D. McCoach, Trustee, petitioner, v. J. Rob Griffin,
Administrator, etc.; and
No. 1241. Frank Johnson, alias Bradley Johnson, petitioner, v.
State of Alabama. Petitions for rehearing denied.
The Chief Justice announced the following order:
ORDER
All cases submitted and all business before the Court at this term
in readiness for disposition having been disposed of,
It is ordered by this Court that all cases on the docket be, and they
hereby are, continued to the next term.
Adjourned to the time and place appointed by law.
Х