I
OCTOBER TERM, 1964
STATISTICS
Original Appellate Miscella-
Total
neous
Number of cases on dockets___
11
Cases disposed of
1,247
1,404
2, 662
2
1,027
1, 151
2, 180
Remaining on dockets...
9
220
253
482
Cases disposed of Appellate Docket:
By written opinions__
By per curiam opinions or orders___
By motion to dismiss or per stipulation (merits cases).
By denial or dismissal of petitions for certiorari____.
Cases disposed of-Miscellaneous Docket:
By written opinions____.
By denial or dismissal of petitions for certiorari___.
By denial or withdrawal of other applications__
By granting of other applications_.
By per curiam dismissal of appeals_.
___
By other per curiam opinions or orders--
By transfer to Appellate Docket____
Number of written opinions__.
Number of printed per curiam opinions.
Number of petitions for certiorari granted (Appellate) ----
Number of appeals in which jurisdiction was noted or post-
poned____
Number of admissions to bar___
GENERAL:
REFERENCE INDEX
Court convened October 5, 1964 and adjourned June 7, 1965.
Johnson, President-Court met at 10:30 a.m., entertained
motions for admission, and adjourned for the purpose
of attending Inauguration (January 20, 1965) ---
Hoover, President, Death announced and Court adjourned
without transacting further business (October 20, 1964-
1:09 p.m.) ---
103
133
0
791
0
927
178
1
22
16
267
91
116
rm
17
34
2,735
Page
157
60

II
GENERAL Continued
Frankfurter, J., Death (February 22, 1965) announced
March 1, 1965. Court attended private memorial serv-
ices at residence in Washington__.
Burton, J., Death (October 28, 1964) announced Novem-
ber 9, 1964. Court attended memorial proceedings in
Washington__--
Burton, J., Resolutions of Bar presented_
Minton, J., Chief Justice's remarks re death. (Died April
9, 1965.) Committee of Court attended funeral in New
Albany, Indiana____.
Reed, J., Designated and assigned to U.S. Court of Claims_
Katzenbach, Nicholas deB., Attorney General presented__
Foley, William E., Appointed Deputy Director of Admin-
istrative Office of United States Courts___
Page
181
72
313
350
4
206
4
Order for posting and approval of Clerk's statutory bond
under 28 U.S.C. 671, and order approving bond ------ 81, 115
Announcement that decisions will be reported as they be-
come ready for decision at any session of the Court and
not restricted to Mondays. No announcement to be made
prior to rendition in open court (April 5, 1965). (First
such opinion-April 27, 1965) -
APPEALS:
248, 271
Motion to transfer appeal to CA granted and case re-
manded to CA under 18 U.S.C. 3731 (1015) --
ARGUMENTS:
295
Arguments pro hac vice (116, 365, 245) ––
156, 218, 269
Cases argued on day Court convened (515–543)
Cases argued same day as jurisdiction noted (Counsel had
4
prior advice) (515–543)…….
Cases advanced sua sponte (624–625)---
Motion to advance granted (291) ------
Motion to advance denied (835).
4
124
232
210
Motion to advance granted and case set for argument 37
days thereafter (300) --.
10
Joint motion to advance granted and case set for argument
17 days thereafter (178) ----
101
Motion to accelerate appeal (N.Y. Reapportionment)
denied (1218) -
328
Joint motion for acceleration of oral argument granted and
cases heard same day (515-543)
4

III
ARGUMENTS-Continued
Motion for acceleration of appeal granted and appellees
allowed 7 days to file responses to statement as to juris-
diction (1152)--
Motion to expedite filing of briefs and to set for argument
denied (948-949) ---
Motion to defer oral argument denied (46, 47, 57).
Motion to present oral argument, as amicus curiae, granted
(5 Orig., 95–578, 489) ----
Page
295
225
54
87, 137, 162
Motion to present oral argument, as amicus curiae, denied
9,87, 185
123
9, 209
(5 Orig., 42, 63, 422) --
Motion to remove from summary calendar granted (48) ---
Motion to remove from summary calendar granted and
cases allotted 1½ hours (44-65, 245)-
Motion to remove from summary calendar denied (240,
345) ___
123, 210
Motion to consolidate for oral argument granted (292–296) 224
Motion to consolidate for oral argument denied (443, 501,
789) ____
185,224
Motion to consolidate deferred to ruling on jurisdictional
aspect of cases; subsequently granted (948-949) ---- 225, 258
Two cases consolidated and 1 hour allotted for argument
(778–810) --
Counsel requested to discuss in briefs and argument ques-
tion of mootness as well as merits of case (491) ----
Argument directed to retroactivity of earlier opinion
(877) ----
Motion for hearing denied in case in which certiorari had
been granted and sanity of petitioner was questioned (1) -
Cases removed from “argument list" in view of per curiam
disposition upon stipulation of parties (624-625) ------
Case "continued" upon consideration of statement as to ju-
risdiction to subsequent Court Conference before which
parties were directed to advise Court by supplemental
briefs as to status of "reapportionment" in Idaho (617) –
Motion to enlarge time for oral argument granted (237) --
Case placed on summary calendar at time jurisdiction noted
in companion case (491) ---
---
Rule to show cause issued on petitioners as to why writ of
certiorari should not be dismissed for want of prosecu-
tion where counsel failed to appear for oral argument;
rule subsequently discharged when new counsel appeared
for argument (355)-
233
107
309
9
130
174
185
175
224, 232

IV
ATTORNEYS:
Counsel appointed on motion:
(Orville A. Harlan) (577).
(Daniel J. Meador) (843).
Page
87
175
(643-808)
(Charles J. Bloch) (1023) ---
(437, 670, 578 Misc., 657) …….
Motion to strike unauthorized appearances denied
Disbarment Suspension and rule to show cause:
258
Motions for leave to withdraw appearances granted
137, 151, 232
236
(Eldon C. Harris) (1139 Misc.).
232
(Bernard J. Hammett) (1140 Misc.) (Disbarment) – 233, 308
Resignation of member of bar (Greenberry Simmons) (See
opinion 38 O.T. 1964) ….
248
BRIEFS:
Time for filing briefs on merits fixed in order noting juris-
diction (624-625)
124
Motion to accelerate filing of briefs and to advance denied
(948 Misc.) --
185
Motion for leave to file reply brief and supplemental brief
after argument granted. Order recites that such briefs
had been received and considered prior to opinion ren-
dered same day (82) ----
Motion for leave to file supplemental brief after argument
granted (202) --
185
248
Motion to strike excerpts from motion to dismiss denied
(553)
135
Motion to strike portions of amicus curiae briefs and ap-
pendix denied (73) ……….
137
Motion to strike respondents' brief denied (641, 802)---- 145, 191
Motion to strike tardy amicus curiae brief denied but party
granted 30 days to reply to such brief (360)
161
Motion to strike portions of respondent's brief denied
(757) ---
190
Motion to strike portions of opinion of USDC denied
(757) ---
190
Motion to strike motion to dismiss or affirm for tardiness
denied (935) --
327

CERTIORARI:
Denied same date as docketed (Presidential Nominee Gold-
water sought equal television time 6 days prior to election
day). U.S. filed brief in opposition on date of filing and
Court denied certiorari on Wednesday (636) -.
Certiorari denied on Wednesday (Goldwater "equal time"
case) (636).
Page
69
69
Writs dismissed as improvidently granted (31, 60, 443, 501
355)
73, 133, 208, 283
Motion to docket petition for writ of certiorari nunc pro
tunc so as to make filing timely, denied (640) --
Motion to dismiss writ deferred to hearing on merits (906) -
COSTS AND DAMAGES:
Motion to retax costs denied (138 O.T. 1963, 17) ----
Motion to retax costs granted and judgment amended to
provide for equal division of costs (300).
Motion to retax costs denied where vacation of state court
judgment remanded to establish existence of certain
facts not an outright victory for petitioner (6) (See
also Clerk's memorandum and correspondence re 843 and
923.).
In forma pauperis. Petitioner directed to file response to
opposition to motion for leave to proceed in forma pau-
peris. No action taken on motion for leave to proceed
in forma pauperis but case to be heard on typed record
(348) _.
Motion for leave to proceed in forma pauperis (without
opposition) denied. Case ordered to be heard on typed
record (780) -.
JUDGMENTS, OPINIONS, AND MANDATES:
Judgments, etc.:
Judgment announced (240).
---
145
329
74,185
209
295
137, 210
Judgment affirmed by equally divided Court (55) ----
Judgments issued forthwith (624-625, 56, 91, 229,
635) --
329
342
100
130, 256, 344
Judgment and mandate (State) issued forthwith
(111) _____
Judgment stayed for 60 days to afford parties oppor-
tunity to proceed in USDC as outlined in opinion
(26–30)….
780-038-65
207
134

VI
JUDGMENTS, OPINIONS, AND MANDATES-Continued
Judgments, etc.—Continued
Affirmed (USDC) insofar as it decides federal ques-
tions. Insofar as other questions are concerned
judgment vacated and case remanded for further
consideration in light of supervening decisions of
highest state court (661)-
Affirmed (State)-Motion to affirm in one of two cases
granted and single judgment affirmed as to both
cases (386-412).
-----
Reversed (CA) and remanded to CA after argument
with directions to entertain petition for review upon
"submission" by Solicitor General that judgment
should be reversed for that purpose (23) ---
Reversed (CA) and case remanded to CA for entry of
judgment enforcing order of FTC (62)
Reversed (CA) and judgment (Tax Court) affirmed.
Remanded to CA for further proceedings in conform-
ity with opinion (503)--
Reversed (CA) and judgment (USDC) affirmed (17,
32-33) --
Page
174
64
63
247
276
106, 122
Reversed (CA) and judgment (USDC) affirmed but
no remand (32–33) ---
Reversed (CA) and remanded to USDC for a new trial
(761)
Reversed (CA) in case in which judgment "announced"
and remanded to USDC for further proceedings in
conformity with "judgment" of this Court (240) ---
Vacated (CA) and case remanded to CA with in-
structions to remand to NLRB for further pro-
ceedings in conformity with opinion (37-41, 98, 56,
91, 229)
122
247
342
231, 246, 256
Vacated (CA) and case remanded to CA with instruc-
tions to remand "immediately" to FTC for further
proceedings (635) …….
Vacated (CA) on motion and cases remanded to USDC
with directions to dismiss conplaint as moot (454-
455)__
344
294
Vacated (CA) and remanded to USDC for a new trial
(957)___
307
Vacated (CA) on suggestion of mootness and cases re-
manded to USDC with directions to dismiss com-
plaint as moot (950-951) ---
327

VII
JUDGMENTS, OPINIONS, AND MANDATES-Continued
Judgments, etc.—Continued
Vacated (CA) and remanded to USDC with instruc-
tions to make findings with respect to petitioner's
consent to search (397 Misc.) -
Vacated (CA) and remanded to USDC for hearing as
to whether petitioner was misled by trial judge as to
maximum sentence (476 Misc.) ----
Vacated (CA) denying mandamus and remanded to
USDC to reconsider "examination" order (Physi-
cal examination under Rule 35 (a) FRCP) (8) -----
Vacated (USDC) and remanded for further considera-
tion in light of decisions (this Court and Supreme
Court of Pennsylvania) supervening since entry of
judgment of District Court (201) ----
Vacated (USDC) insofar as it relates to Secs. 4, 5, and
9 of the Washington Job Protection Agreement and
case remanded with instructions to remand to ICC
to amend its report and order in conformity with
opinion (130) --.
Vacated (USDC) and remanded with instructions to
enter order remanding to ICC in light of determina-
tions of USDC and for further proceedings not in-
consistent with opinion (544-545).
Decree (USDC) vacated in part and remanded for
reconsideration of the desirability and need for the
on-going injunction in light of the results of the 1964
election and representations of appellees (300)
Vacated (State) and cases remanded with instructions
to order dismissal of charges as abated (2-5) ----
Vacated (State) and remanded for further proceed-
ings "as may be appropriate under state law" (111).
Vacated (State) and remanded for reconsideration in
light of supervening statute (843)----
Modified (CA) and as modified, affirmed (298) --
Modified (CA) to leave open the question of whether
damages can be recovered for pain and suffering
prior to death on facts in this case and in all other
respects affirmed (10) _
Modified (CA) so as to strike paragraph 2 of order of
USDC and case remanded to USDC with directions
to enforce the orders of FCC and subpoena without
qualification (482) ---
Page
223
224
99
99
86
107
135
134
122
207
307
86
106
307

JUDGMENTS, OPINIONS, AND MANDATES-Continued
Judgments, etc.-Continued
Modified (USDC) pursuant to joint motion of parties
after notation of jurisdiction and before argument,
and as modified, affirmed (624-625).
Case remanded for further proceedings in conformity
with "judgment" (no reference to opinions in which
case judgment was announced) (240) --
"Order" (State) denying motion to annul warrant and
return seized property vacated and case remanded
to trial court for further proceedings not inconsistent
with opinion (No judgment entered) (40) --
Opinions:
Opinion "dubitante” (307) ….
-----
Page
130
342
133
232
Opinion, per curiam, amended to correct remand (363
Misc.)
308
Opinion, per curiam, announced on Tuesday during re-
cess (624-625) ---
130
Opinion, with dissent, on dismissal of writ of certio-
rari as improvidently granted (60) --
Opinion adopting "position presented by State of
Florida" (13 Orig.)-
Dissenting opinion on denial of certiorari (636)-
Motion to expedite decision in argued case denied
(First Civil Rights case) (515) –
ORIGINAL CASES:
Leave to file bill of complaint granted and time fixed for
133
173
69
75
answer (18 Orig.) --
258
Motion for leave to file bill of complaint granted after argu-
ment (17 Orig.) -
175
Leave to file bill of complaint denied (19 Orig.).
Special Masters appointed with plenary powers (17
Orig.)
Report of Special Master approved with modifications set
out in opinion. Decree to be submitted (5 Orig.) -
Report of Special Master received and ordered filed. Time
fixed for filing exceptions (14 Orig.).
137
175,257
293
345
Opinion adopting position "presented by State of Florida"
(13 Orig.) ---
173
Decree entered (13 Orig.).
257
Case set down for argument on motion for leave to file bill
of complaint (17 Orig.).
54

IX
ORIGINAL CASES-Continued
Motion to intervene denied (17 Orig.) --
Response to motion for leave to file bill of complaint ordered
Page
87
(18 Orig.) __
137
Motion to dispense with printing of motion for leave to file
bill of complaint granted (19 Orig.) ..
Plaintiff directed to file reply to response (18 Orig.) ------
Motion for reconsideration of denial of motion for leave to
intervene denied (17 Orig.) -
137
185
153
Motion for clarification and modification of opinion denied.
Motion to modify decree denied (13 Orig.)---.
PARTIES:
329, 345
Motion to be added as a party respondent granted (391, 278,
732, 950-951)--
26, 56, 190, 327
Motion to substitute party petitioner granted (209 Misc.)--
RECORDS:
Motion for leave to proceed without certified record granted
(796)
Motion to take judicial notice of official judicial records de-
nied (Subsequent to filing of motion, events occurred in
connection with such records as to make action on mo-
tion unnecessary) (935) ---
80
191
327
Case ordered to be heard on typed record after motion for
leave to proceed in forma pauperis denied (780) --
Case ordered to be heard on typed record after Court de-
clined to act upon motion for leave to proceed in forma
pauperis (348) ---
329
210
REHEARINGS:
Response to petition for rehearing requested-
20 days (914 Misc. O.T. 1963) …….
30 days (919 O.T. 1961; 543 O.T. 1963)
Motion of respondents requesting action on motion for leave
to file a conditional petition for rehearing denied (543
O.T. 1963)
295
295
107

M
STAYS AND BAIL:
Stays:
Application for stay of order denying certiorari de-
nied by Court after denial by individual Justice and
presentation of new application to entire Court
(590)
Stay of USDC continued by this Court in order noting
jurisdiction "until further order of the Court" (624–
625)
Stay (N.Y. Reapportionment) presented to Justice,
who, after argument in chambers, referred to Court,
denied (1218) ---
Motion for leave to file petition for writ of injunction
denied (627 Misc.) -
CONCLUSION:
Order suspending call of calendar entered April 26, 1965;
arguments completed April 29, 1965--
Order fixing adjournment date (June 1, 1965) -
Final order (June 7, 1965) --
-----
Page
64
124
328
238
268,277
338
351
U.S. GOVERNMENT PRINting officE: 1968

MONDAY, OCTOBER 5, 1964
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
1
Present: Mr. Chief Justice Warren, Mr. Justice Black, Mr. Justice
Douglas, Mr. Justice Clark, Mr. Justice Harlan, Mr. Justice Brennan,
Mr. Justice Stewart, Mr. Justice White, and Mr. Justice Goldberg.
ADMISSIONS TO THE BAR
Benjamin P. Nucian, of Detroit, Mich., George C. Baldridge, of
Joplin, Mo., Walter A. Kurz, of Detroit, Mich., Robert V. Zener, of
Washington, D.C., Frederick Bruce Abramson, of New York, N.Y.,
Bernard Marshall Kaplan, of Skokie, Ill., Jacob Victor Eskenazi, of
Miami, Fla., Lester F. Murphy, Jr., of East Chicago, Ind., Gerald
Robert Miller, of Salt Lake City, Utah, and Robert M. Yeates, of Salt
Lake City, Utah, on motion of Mr. Solicitor General Archibald Cox;
William W. Wander, of Nampa, Idaho, on motion of Mr. Frank
Church; Paul D. Clayton, of Eugene Oreg., and Howard E. Speer, of
Eugene, Oreg., on motion of Mr. Wayne Lyman Morse; Carlos Cas-
tillon, of Laredo, Tex., on motion of Mr. Joe M. Kilgore; Henry
F. Womer, of Cleveland, Ohio, Ronald M. Benjamin, of Cleveland,
Ohio, Jack L. Hollingsworth, of Cleveland, Ohio, and Jay A. Hol-
lingsworth, of Cleveland, Ohio on motion of Mr. William E. Min-
shall; David Jay Morgan, of San Francisco, Calif., on motion of
Mr. Warren Olney III; Howard Samuel Smith, of Los Angeles,
Calif., on motion of Mr. William Ramsey Clark; John Lloyd Evans,
Jr., of Cincinnati, Ohio, on motion of Mr. Edward G. Hudon; More-
ton Rolleston, Jr., of Atlanta, Ga., on motion of Mr. Mac Asbill, Jr.;
Alfred W. Metzger, Jr., of Boulder, Colo., Peter L. Obremskey, of
Lebanon, Ind., Tommy Roscoe Ogletree, of Alexander City, Ala.,
Leonard Carroll Battle, of Midland, Mich., and Herbert Francis
Kelley, Jr., of Columbus, Ohio, on motion of Mr. Roy Dale Adcock;
Raymond Allen Kinzie, of Chicago, Ill., and Raymond Wyant Kin-
zie, of Oak Park, Ill., on motion of Mr. Peter N. Chumbris; William
A. Allain, of Jackson, Miss., and Peter McKenzie Stockett, Jr., of
Jackson, Miss., on motion of Mr. William Ephraim Cresswell; Harold
Vandersand Martin, of Carrollton, Ill., on motion of Mr. Frank C.
Stetson; June Lucretia Barnum, of San Francisco, Calif., and Gordon
Thompson, Jr., of San Diego, Calif., on motion of Mr. C. Emerson
Duncan II; Julius M. Klein, of Los Angeles, Calif., on motion of Mr.
Belford V. Lawson, Jr.; Julian Sothern Brewer, Jr., of Baltimore,
Md., Edward Deal Hardesty, of Lansdowne, Md., and John Grant
Rose, of Catonsville, Md., and Norman F. Summers, of Baltimore,
Md., on motion of Mr. Alexander Paul Connor; Harry M. Hunt, of
Los Angeles, Calif., Patrick A. O'Doherty, of Baltimore, Md., Ed-
750-278-64——1

MONDAY, OCTOBER 5, 1964
21
ward James Thompson, of Baltimore, Md., and Gerald Ney Klauber,
of Baltimore, Md., on motion of Mr. George P. Bowie; William H.
Gustafson, of Los Angeles, Calif., on motion of Mr. Richard David
Andrews; Alfred Donati, Jr., of New York, N.Y., on motion of Mr.
Donald M. Murtha; William G. Somerville, Jr., of Birmingham, Ala.,
on motion of Mr. Daniel J. Meador; Berne Rolston, of Beverly Hills,
Calif., on motion of Mr. John William Kopecky; Brian L. Hall, of
Reno, Nev., on motion of Mr. Patrick E. Katen; Will T. Wright, of
Enid, Okla., on motion of Mr. Charles David Ablard; J. Jackson
Wills, of Corondo, Calif., on motion of Mr. Newton Frolich; Pete
Perez, of Fort Worth, Tex., on motion of Mr. Gerald Weatherly;
Gerald E. Boltz, of Denver, Colo., on motion of Mr. Donald J. Stock-
ing; Emmet B. Hayes, of San Francisco, Calif., on motion of Mr.
E. K. Gubin; Thomas C. Thompson, Jr., of Washington, D.C., on
motion of Mr. Thomas L. C. Vail; James A. McKiel, of Hyattsville,
Md., on motion of Mr. D. B. Russell; Marlin K. McDaniel, of Rich-
mond, Ind., on motion of Mr. Harlan Kays, Jr.; M. Walter Hulkower,
of Hollywood, Calif., on motion of Mr. Robert Jordan Wager; Wil-
liam J. Mounce, of El Paso, Tex., on motion of Mr. C. Frank Rief-
snyder; Francis L. Williams, of Houston, Tex., on motion of Mr.
Herbert O. Reid; Edward F. Merrey, Jr., of Paterson, N.J., on motion
of Mr. Edward F. Merrey; Wade H. Penny, Jr., of Durham, N.C.,
on motion of Mr. Hugh Q. Alexander; Neil Mahlon Turner, of New
York, N.Y., on motion of Mr. Harry Turner; A. D. Ericksen, of
Berkeley, Calif., on motion of Mr. William R. Foley; Felix Michael
Apicella, of Cleveland, Ohio, on motion of Mr. Paul Marshall;
John Gavin, of Yakima, Wash., Frederick C. Palmer, Jr., of Yakima,
Wash., and Charles B. Roe, Jr., of Olympia, Wash., on motion of Mr.
Jerome K. Kuykendall; Charles A. Laufer, of Los Angeles, Calif.,
on motion of Mr. Richard David Andrews; Robert Lynn Bartholic,
of Denver, Colo., on motion of Mr. Clarence L. Bartholic; Robert
Lawrence Doss, of Denison, Tex., and Charles H. Bullett, of Denison,
Tex., on motion of Mr. George T. Mobile; Bertram S. Harris, of Los
Angeles, Calif., and Roland A. Childs, of Beverly Hills, Calif., on
motion of Mr. Gregg R. Potvin; John N. Hazelwood, of Claremont,
Calif., on motion of Mr. Robert B. Harmon; Vance Addicks Fisher,
of Washington, D.C., on motion of Mr. Paul C. Warnke; Melvin R.
Stidham, of San Francisco, Calif., on motion of Mr. Robert N. Roley;
Robert H. Goldman, of Lowell, Mass., on motion of Mr. Jules Fink;
Joseph W. Toti, of Youngstown, Ohio, W. Glenn Osborne, of Youngs-
town, Ohio, Michael A. Gerchak, of Youngstown, Ohio, Norman
Goldberg, of Youngstown, Ohio, Joseph W. Maxin, of Youngstown,
Ohio, Lloyd R. Haynes, of Youngstown, Ohio, Samuel W. Penrod, of
Youngstown, Ohio, Thomas R. Zebrasky, of Youngstown, Ohio,
Chester W. Horlick, of Youngstown, Ohio, Joseph P. Sontich, of
Youngstown, Ohio, Richard T. Tracy, of Youngstown, Ohio, Edward

MONDAY, OCTOBER 5, 1964
3
00
E. Lynn, of Youngstown, Ohio, Robert C. Lobdell, of Youngstown,
Ohio, John A. Reddy, of Sebring, Ohio, and Richard C. Ross, of
Sebring, Ohio, on motion of Mr. Jerry N. Griffin; William J. Ahern,
Jr., of Kenilworth, N.J., Thomas E. Durkin, Jr., of Newark, N.J.,
Norbert E. Turek, of Elizabeth, N.J., Olga Marie Springer, of Eliza-
beth, N.J., John Joseph Laffey, of Elizabeth, N.J., Edmund W. Nul-
ton, of Elizabeth, N.J., Nathan Barshay, of Elizabeth, N.J., John A.
Craner, of Elizabeth, N.J., Roger Dean Asch, of Elizabeth, N.J.,
Harry G. Hyra, of Hillside, N.J., Morton P. Weitzman, of Linden,
N.J., Abe Weitzman, of Linden, N.J., Robert J. T. Mooney, of Plain-
field, N.J., William Wright, Jr., of Plainfield, N.J., William H. Gin-
din, of Plainfield, N.J., Harvey Rothberg, of Plainfield, N.J., Myron
Weiner, of Roselle, N.J., Sidney B. Kaufman, of Roselle Park, N.J.,
Benjamin Romano, of Union, N.J., Bernard Rowe, of Westfield, N.J.,
Emma C. McGall, of Westfield N.J., and William M. Beard, of
Westfield, N.J., on motion of Mr. Philip Dean Cohen; Eli Saul Cohn,
of New York, N.Y., Sheldon Cohen, of New York, N.Y., Emanuel
Bund, of New York, N.Y., Herman Blitz, of New York, N.Y., David
S. Blatt, of New York, N.Y., Charles I. Berger, of New York, N.Y.,
Burton Bach, of New York, N.Y., Wm. R. Altman, of New York,
N.Y., Lillian Stiglitz, of New York, N.Y., Vivian P. McGowan, of
New York, N.Y., Shirley Kahn, of New York, N.Y., Michael J. Dont-
zin, of New York, N.Y., William J. Davis, of New York, N.Y., San-
ford S. Dranoff, of Bronx, N.Y., Harold N. Enten, of Bronx, N.Y.,
Fred Ehrlich, of New York, N.Y., Martin Greene, of New York,
N.Y., David S. Goodzeit, of New York, N.Y., Ronald Marc Gard-
ner, of New York, N.Y., Arthur Gross, of New York, N.Y., and
Henry Gruffi, of New York, N.Y., on motion of Mr. David Gettzoff;
and Anthony V. Magro, of New York, N.Y., Herman Litroff, of New
York, N.Y., Fredric Lewis, of New York, N.Y., Abraham D. Levy, of
Bronx, N.Y., Max Kavenoff, of New York, N.Y., Roy H. Josephson,
of Bronx, N.Y., Sol Hulnick, of Long Beach, N.Y., Donald Hulnick,
of Irvington, N.Y., Gustave Harrow, of New York, N.Y., William
J. McGowan, of New York, N.Y., Morris Musicant, of New York,
N.Y., Murray Mayer, of New York, N.Y., Joseph A. Mazur, of New
York, N.Y., Herbert L. Weisman, of New York, N.Y., Daniel H.
Rogers, of New York, N.Y., Philip Peltz, of New York, N.Y., Ber-
nard Rabin, of New York, N.Y., Oswald Vischi, of New York, N.Y.,
Norman Howard Schaumberger, of New York, N.Y., Morton Por-
wick, of New York, N.Y., and H. Gary Zaslav, of New York, N.Y., on
motion of Mr. Max Gross, were admitted to practice.
The Chief Justice announced the following orders of the Court:
APPEALS JURISDICTION NOTED
No. 515. Heart of Atlanta Motel, Inc., appellant, v. United States
et al. Appeal from the United States District Court for the North-

MONDAY, OCTOBER 5, 1964
4
ern District of Georgia. In this case probable jurisdiction is noted.
The joint motion for acceleration of oral argument is granted and the
case is set for oral argument on Monday, October 5, 1964.
No. 543. Nicholas deB. Katzenbach, as Acting Attorney General
of the United States, et al., appellants, v. Ollie McClung, Sr., et al.
Appeal from the United States District Court for the Northern Dis-
trict of Alabama. The motion of NAACP Legal Defense and Educa-
tional Fund, Inc., for leave to file a brief, as amicus curiae, is granted.
In this case probable jurisdiction is noted. The joint motion to expe-
dite briefing and oral argument is granted and the case is set for oral
argument on Monday, October 5, 1964, immediately following No. 515.
ORDER
The Court appoints William E. Foley, of Connecticut, to be Deputy
Director of the Administrative Office of the United States Courts,
pursuant to the provisions of Section 601 of Title 28 of the United
States Code.
ASSIGNMENT ORDER
An order of the Chief Justice designating and assigning Mr. Justice
Reed (Retired) to perform judicial duties in the United States Court
of Claims beginning October 5, 1964, and ending June 30, 1965, and
for such further time as may be required to complete unfinished busi-
ness, pursuant to 28 U.S.C. § 294(a), is ordered entered on the minutes
of this Court, pursuant to 28 U.S.C. § 295.
ORAL ARGUMENT
No. 515. Heart of Atlanta Motel, Inc., appellant, v. United States
et al. Argued by Mr. Moreton Rolleston, Jr., for the appellant and
by Mr. Solicitor General Cox for the appellees.
No. 543. Nicholas deB. Katzenbach, as Acting Attorney General of
the United States, et al., appellants, v. Ollie McClung, Sr., et al.
Argued by Mr. Solicitor General Cox for the appellants and by Mr.
Robert McDavid Smith for the appellees. Briefs to come within ten
days.
Adjourned until Monday, October 12, 1964, at 10 o'clock.
The day call for Monday, October 12, 1964, will be as follows: Nos.
2, 5, and 9.
✓

MONDAY, OCTOBER 12, 1964
5
07
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: Mr. Chief Justice Warren, Mr. Justice Black, Mr. Justice
Douglas, Mr. Justice Clark, Mr. Justice Harlan, Mr. Justice Brennan,
Mr. Justice Stewart, Mr. Justice White, and Mr. Justice Goldberg.
ADMISSIONS TO THE BAR
Elizabeth M. Rainsford, of San Francisco, Calif., Howard Mc-
Gregor Doty II, of Boulder, Colo., Joseph Anthony McGowan, of
Miami, Fla., Edward D. O'Cleary, of Fort Lauderdale, Fla., John
Robert Terry, of Miami, Fla., Wilburn K. DeBruler, of Winslow,
Ind., L. Minor Barnes, of Council Bluffs, Iowa, Augustine D. Riley,
of Lawrence, Mass., Maurice Schwartz, of Lawrence, Mass., Daniel
J. Mahar, Jr., of Oyster Bay, N.Y., John F. Martin, of New York,
N.Y., and Roy W. Short, of Cincinnati, Ohio, on motion of Mr.
Ralph Simon Spritzer; Ronald B. Stang, of Leawood, Kans., on
motion of Mr. Robert F. Ellsworth; Marcus L. Beckner, Jr., of Fair-
fax, Va., Weston Harris Grimsley, of Arlington, Va., John Bright
Hill, of Wilmington, N.C., William Lanier Hill II, of Wilmington,
N.C., and B. Richard Taylor, of Waco, Tex., on motion of Mr. Wil-
liam Ramsey Clark; Walter Gladstone Treanor, of San Francisco,
Calif., on motion of Mr. E. Barrett Prettyman, Jr.; Irwin H. Desser,
of Baltimore, Md., on motion of Mr. Jacob Matz; Eugene E. Hunt,
of Baltimore, Md., and T. Michael Smith, of Indianapolis, Ind., on
motion of Mr. Walter J. Myskowski; McAlister Marshall, of Cleve-
land, Ohio, and Robert B. Preston, of Cleveland, Ohio, on motion
of Mr. Thomas V. Koykka; Bernard Burlakoff, of Westbury, N.Y.,
on motion of Mr. Sydney R. Sutton; Arthur David Deckelman, of
Miami, Fla., and Ben Lipman, of Miami, Fla., on motion of Mr.
David V. Anthony; Harry S. Fenton, of Sacramento, Calif., on
motion of Mr. Herman J. Morton; August A. Conomos, of Balti-
more, Md., and Clayton A. Reid, of Baltimore, Md., on motion of Mr.
Harry Arthur Calevas; William Ward Rayner, of Washington, D.C.,
on motion of Mr. Thomas S. Markey; Robert Joel Blum, of Greens-
boro, N.C., on motion of Mr. Merlin H. Staring; David Lesem Fist,
of Tulsa, Okla., on motion of Mr. Samuel L. Zeligson; Vernon D.
Strickland, of Rich Square, N.C., and Donald Bennett Strickland, of
Rich Square, N.C., on motion of Mr. Roy Dale Adcock; Leonard
Saul Goodman, of Washington, D.C., on motion of Mr. Hyman Neil
Garson; Anna Joyce Capps, of Arlington, Va., on motion of Mr. Earl
Hubert Davis; Harold B. Anderson, of Little Rock, Ark., on motion.
750-278-64--2

MONDAY, OCTOBER 12, 1964
6
of Mr. Jack Greenberg; Jose R. Lebron-Velazquez, of San Juan, P.R.,
and Daniel E. Lopez-Pritchard, of San Juan, P.R., on motion of Mr.
Thurman Arnold; Lawrence B. Custer, of Marietta, Ga., on motion
of Mr. Mac Asbill, Jr.; Henry D. Fisher, of Waukegan, Ill., on motion
of Mr. Donald E. Deuster; John Joseph Costanzo, of Los Angeles,
Calif., and Philip L. Bradish, of Los Angeles, Calif., on motion of Mr.
William H. Clarke; Charles Edmund Sproger, of Chicago, Ill., on
motion of Mr. Albert Simon Povich; Sherwyn E. Syna, of Atlanta,
Ga., on motion of Mr. Raymond R. Dickey; Peter John Nordigian,
of Waukegan, Ill., on motion of Mr. Michael Waris, Jr.; William D.
Hall, of Indianapolis, Ind., on motion of Mr. Harlan L. Kays, Jr.;
and Jesse Lafayette Riley, Jr., of Russellville, Ky., on motion of
Mr. Emmet O'Neal, were admitted to practice.
The Chief Justice said:
"The orders of the Court have been certified by the Chief Justice
and filed with the Clerk and will not be announced orally."
OPINIONS PER CURIAM
No. 68. Thomas R. Davis, appellant, v. Ralph Neely and Virginia
Gaylord Neely. Appeal from the Supreme Court of Oklahoma. The
motion to dismiss is granted and the appeal is dismissed for want
of jurisdiction. Treating the papers whereon the appeal was taken
as a petition for writ of certiorari, certiorari is denied. Opinion per
curiam.
No. 72. City of Plantation, appellant, v. Utilities Operating Co.,
Inc. Appeal from the Supreme Court of Florida. The motion to
dismiss is granted and the appeal is dismissed for want of a substan-
tial federal question. Opinion per curiam.
No. 105. Harry Schackman and Harry Greenwald, appellants, v.
California. Appeal from the Appellate Department of the Superior
Court of California, County of Los Angeles. The motion to dismiss
is granted and the appeal is dismissed for want of a substantial federal
question. Opinion per curiam.
No. 131. Accelerated Transport-Pony Express, Inc., et al., appel-
lants, v. United States et al. Appeal from the United States District
Court for the District of Vermont. The motions to affirm are granted
and the judgment is affirmed. Opinion per curiam.
No. 152. Ampco Printing-Advertisers' Offset Corp., etal., appel-
lants, v. City of New York et al. Appeal from the Court of Appeals
of New York. The motion to dismiss is granted and the appeal is
dismissed for want of a substantial federal question. Opinion per
curiam.

MONDAY, OCTOBER 12, 1964
7
No. 159. Cooper-Jarrett, Inc., et al., appellants, v. United States
et al. Appeal from the United States District Court for the Western
District of Missouri. The motions to affirm are granted and the
judgment is affirmed. Opinion per curiam.
No. 238. Wycoff Company, Incorporated, appellant v. Public Serv-
ice Commission of Utah et al. Appeal from the Supreme Court of
Utah. The motion to dismiss is granted and the appeal is dismissed
for want of a substantial federal question. Opinion per curiam.
No. 250. Samuel William Yorty et al., appellants, v. Frank M.
Jordan, Secretary of State. Appeal from the Supreme Court of Cali-
fornia. The motion to dismiss is granted and the appeal is dismissed
for want of jurisdiction. Treating the papers whereon the appeal was
taken as a petition for writ of certiorari, certiorari is denied. Opinion
per curiam.
No. 259. Kenneth Agee, appellants, v. Columbus Bar Association.
Appeal from the Supreme Court of Ohio. The motion to dismiss is
granted and the appeal is dismissed for want of jurisdiction. Treating
the papers whereon the appeal was taken as a petition for writ of
certiorari, certiorari is denied. Opinion per curiam.
No. 260. Stanley Jurus, appellant, v. Columbus Bar Association.
Appeal from the Supreme Court of Ohio. The motion to dismiss is
is granted and the appeal is dismissed for want of jurisdiction. Treat-
ing the papers whereon the appeal was taken as a petition for writ
of certiorari, certiorari is denied. Opinion per curiam.
No. 295. Joseph Battista, et al., etc., appellants, v. Milk Control
Commission of Pennsylvania. Appeal from the Supreme Court of
Pennsylvania, Eastern District. The motion to dismiss is granted
and the appeal is dismissed for want of a substantial federal ques-
tion. Opinion per curiam.
No. 329. Charles Ford, appellant, v. Louisiana. Appeal from the
Supreme Court of Louisiana. The appeal is dismissed for want of
jurisdiction. Treating the papers whereon the appeal was taken as a
petition for writ of certiorari, certiorari is denied. Opinion per
curiam.
No. 402. Henry Wasmuth et al., etc., appellants, v. James E. Allen,
Jr., as Commissioner of Education of New York, et al. Appeal from
the Court of Appeals of New York. The motion to dismiss is granted
and the appeal is dismissed for want of a substantial federal question.
Opinion per curiam.
No. 6, Misc. Terry D. Louden, petitioner, v. Utah. On petition
for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Utah. Motion for
leave to proceed in forma pauperis and petition for writ of certiorari
granted. Judgment vacated and remanded to the Supreme Court of

MONDAY, OCTOBER 12, 1964
8
Utah for further proceedings in light of Stoner v. California, 376
U.S. 483. Opinion per curiam. Mr. Justice Harlan and Mr. Justice
White are of the opinion that certiorari should be denied.
No. 21, Misc. Daniel Edward McIlvaine and Jackie Krohn, peti-
tioners, v. Louisiana. On petition for writ of certiorari to the
Supreme Court of Louisiana. Motion for leave to proceed in forma
pauperis and petition for writ of certiorari granted. Judgment
vacated and case remanded to the Supreme Court of Louisiana for
further consideration in light of Aguilar v. Texas, 378 U.S. 108.
Opinion per curiam. Mr. Justice Black dissents.
No. 46, Misc. Joe Alvarez, appellant, v. California. Appeal from
the District Court of Appeals of California, Second Appellate District.
The appeal is dismissed for want of a substantial federal question.
Opinion per curiam.
No. 145, Misc. William J. Edeli, appellant, v. Walter Mack et al.
Appeal from the Court of Appeals of New York. The appeal is dis-
missed for want of a substantial federal question. Opinion per
curiam.
No. 163, Misc. Roy E. Lind, appellant, v. Minnesota et al. Ap-
peal from the United States District Court for the District of Minne-
sota. The motion to dismiss is granted and the appeal is dismissed.
Opinion per curiam.
No. 176, Misc. Francisco Cepero, appellant, v. Hon. President of
the United States et al. Appeal from the United States District Court
for the Southern District of New York. The appeal is dismissed.
Opinion per curiam. The Chief Justice took no part in the considera-
tion or decision of this case.
No. 181, Misc. Margaret Binz, appellant, v. Helvetia Florida
Enterprises, Inc. Appeal from the Supreme Court of Florida. The
motion to dismiss is granted and the appeal is dismissed for want of
a substantial federal question. Opinion per curiam.
No. 195, Misc. John Chapman Gager, appellant, v. Lawrence I.
Kasdon. Appeal from the Court of Appeals of Maryland. The
motion to dismiss is granted and the appeal is dismissed for want of
a substantial federal question. Opinion per curiam.
No. 225, Misc. Rolland Maloney, appellant, v. Henry L. Holden,
Judge, etc. Appeal from the Supreme Court of Ohio. The appeal
is dismissed for want of a substantial federal question. Opinion per
curiam.
No. 273, Misc. Louis Wright, appellant, v. Illinois. Appeal from
the Supreme Court of Illinois. The motion to dismiss is granted and
the appeal is dismissed for want of jurisdiction. Treating the papers

MONDAY, OCTOBER 12, 1964
9
whereon the appeal was taken as a petition for writ of certiorari, cer-
tiorari is denied. Opinion per curiam.
No. 275, Misc. Elizabeth M. Bennett, appellant, v. County of
Dade, Florida. Appeal from the Supreme Court of Florida. The
motion to dismiss is granted and the appeal is dismissed for want of
a substantial federal question. Opinion per curiam.
ORDERS IN PENDING CASES
No. 5, Orig. The United States of America, plaintiff, v. The State
of California. The motion of Carl Whitson for leave to present oral
argument, as amicus curiae, is denied. The Chief Justice and Mr.
Justice Clark took no part in the consideration or decision of this
motion.
No. 1. Henry Rogers Anderson, petitioner, v. Kentucky. The mo-
tion for a hearing is denied.
No. 13. United States, petitioner, v. Jackie Hamilton Gainey, et al.
The motion of respondent, Cleveland Johns for leave to proceed
further herein in forma pauperis, is granted.
No. 20. Walter C. Brulotte et al., petitioners, v. Thys Company.
The motion of Well Surveys, Inc., for leave to file a brief, as amicus
curiae, is granted.
No. 34. Stewart L. Udall, Secretary of the Interior, petitioner, v.
James K. Tallman et al. The motions of Marathon Oil Company et
al.; and Richfield Oil Corporation et al., for leave to file briefs, as
amici curiae, are granted.
No. 42. Mortimer Singer, petitioner, v. United States. The motion
of Joni Rabinowitz for leave to file a brief, as amicus curiae, is granted.
The motion of Nicholas Jacop Uselding to dispense with printing
motion for leave to file a brief, as amicus curiae, and the motion to file
a brief, as amicus curiae, are granted.
No. 44. American Committee for Protection of Foreign Born, peti-
tioner, v. Subversive Activities Control Board; and
No. 65. Veterans of the Abraham Lincoln Brigade, petitioner, v.
Subversive Activities Control Board. The motions to remove these
cases from the summary calendar are granted and each case is allotted
one and one-half hours for oral argument.
No. 107. Coffee County, Tennessee, petitioner, v. City of Tulla-
homa; and
No. 179. Stanley M. Corbett, Guardian of the Property of Constan-
tine Neonakis, a Minor, appellant, v. Viola Stergios, etc. The Solicitor
General is invited to file briefs in these cases expressing the views of
the United States.
750-278-64--3

MONDAY, OCTOBER 12, 1964
APPEALS JURISDICTION NOTED OR POSTPONED
10
No. 96. Reserve Life Insurance Company, appellant, v. Stanley J.
Bowers, Tax Commissioner of Ohio. Appeal from the Supreme Court
of Ohio. In this case probable jurisdiction noted and case placed on
the summary calendar.
No. 115. Warren Trading Post Company, appellant, v. Arizona
State Tax Commission et al. Appeal from the Supreme Court of
Arizona. In this case probable jurisdiction noted and case placed on
the summary calendar.
No. 178. Ben W. Fortson, Jr., as Secretary of State of Georgia,
appellant, v. James W. Dorsey et al. Appeal from the United States
District Court for the Northern District of Georgia. In this case
probable jurisdiction noted and case placed on the summary calendar.
No. 232. United States, appellant, v. Boston and Maine Railroad
et al. Appeal from the United States District Court for the District
of Massachusetts. In this case probable jurisdiction noted and case
placed on the summary calendar.
No. 360. A. M. Harman, Jr., et al., appellants, v. Lars Forssenius
et al. Appeal from the United States District Court for the Eastern
District of Virginia. In this case probable jurisdiction noted and
case placed on the summary calendar.
No. 300. Ben W. Fortson, Jr., as Secretary of State of Georgia,
et al., appellants, v. Henry J. Toombs et al. Appeal from the United
States District Court for the Northern District of Georgia. In this
case probable jurisdiction noted. Motion to advance granted and
case set for oral argument on November 18, 1964.
No. 86. Louis Zemel, appellant, v. Dean Rusk, Secretary of State,
et al. Appeal from the United States District Court for the District
of Connecticut. Further consideration of the question of jurisdiction
postponed to the hearing of the case on the merits.
CERTIORARI GRANTED
No. 82. Sergeant Herbert N. Carrington, petitioner, v. Alan V.
Rash et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of
Texas granted.
No. 123. Federal Power Commission, petitioner, v. Union Electric
Power. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court
of Appeals for the Eighth Circuit granted.
No. 61. Radio and Television Broadcast Technicians Local Union
1264, etc., et al., petitioners, v. Broadcast Service of Mobile, Inc. Pe-
tition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Alabama granted
and case placed on the summary calendar.

MONDAY, OCTOBER 12, 1964
11
No. 98. National Labor Relations Board, petitioner, v. Metropolitan
Life Insurance Company. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
United States Court of Appeals for the First Circuit granted and
case placed on the summary calendar.
No. 111. Department of Mental Hygiene of California, petitioner,
v. Evelyn Kirchner, Administratrix of the Estate of Ellinor Green
Vance. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of
California granted and case placed on the summary calendar.
No. 134. Paragon Jewel Coal Company, Inc., petitioner, v. Com-
missioner of Internal Revenue. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
United States Court of Appeals for the Fourth Circuit granted and
case placed on the summary calendar.
No. 148. Lester G. McKinnie et al., petitioners, v. Tennessee. Peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Tennessee, Middle
Division, granted and case placed on the summary calendar.
No. 149. R. Wright Armstrong, Jr., petitioner, v. Salvatore E.
Manzo et ux. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Civil
Appeals of Texas, Eighth Supreme Judicial District, granted and
case placed on the summary calendar.
No. 171. Eddie V. Hanna, petitioner, v. Edward M. Plumer, Jr.,
Executor. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court
of Appeals for the First Circuit granted and case placed on the sum-
mary calendar.
No. 138. Brotherhood of Railway and Steamship Clerks, Freight
Handlers, Express and Station Employes, petitioner, v. Association
for the Benefit of Non-Contract Employees;
No. 139. United Air Lines, Inc., petitioner, v. National Mediation
Board et al.; and
No. 369. National Mediation Board et al., petitioners, v. Associa-
tion for the Benefit of Non-Contract Employees. Petitions for writs
of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the District
of Columbia Circuit granted. Cases consolidated and a total of two
hours allotted for oral argument.
No. 240. Local Union No. 189, Amalgamated Meat Cutters, and
Butcher Workmen of North America, AFL-CIO, et al., petitioners, v.
Jewel Tea Company, Inc. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
United States Court of Appeals for the Seventh Circuit granted
limited to Questions 1 and 2 presented by the petition which read as
follows:
"1. Based on the District Court's undisturbed finding that the limi-
tation 'was imposed after arm's-length bargaining, *** and was
fashioned exclusively by the unions to serve their own interests-how
long and what members shall work, what work they shall do, and what

MONDAY, OCTOBER 12, 1964
12
pay they shall receive' (R. 672), whether the limitation upon market
operating hours and the controversy concerning it are within the labor
exemption of the Sherman Antitrust Act.
"2. Whether a claimed violation of the Sherman Antitrust Act
which falls within the regulatory scope of the National Labor Rela-
tions Act is within the exclusive primary jurisdiction of the National
Labor Relations Board?"
The case is placed on the summary calendar and set for oral argu-
ment immediately following No. 48. The motion of American Fed-
eration of Labor and Congress of Industrial Organizations for leave
to file a brief, as amicus curiae, is granted.
No. 255. The American Shipbuilding Company, petitioner, v. Na-
tional Labor Relations Board. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
United States Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia Circuit
granted limited to Question 2 presented by the petition which reads
as follows:
"2. Whether, under section 8(d) (4), the 1947 Amendment to the
National Labor Relations Act, an employer lockout is a corollary of
the employees' statutory right to strike?"
The case is placed on the summary calendar and set for oral argu-
ment immediately following No. 7.
No. 313. Jesse Elliott Douglas, petitioner, v. Alabama. Petition
for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals of Alabama granted lim-
ited to Question 1 presented by the petition which reads as follows:
"1. Is the defendant in a criminal trial deprived of due process of
law when the prosecutor knowingly calls an alleged accomplice to
the stand to secure from him a refusal to testify and when his pres-
ence on the stand is used as a pretense for reading to the jury an al-
leged confession of the witness which is inadmissible against the
defendant?"
This case is placed on the summary calendar.
No. 10, Misc. Bob Granville Pointer, petitioner, v. Texas. Motion
for leave to proceed in forma pauperis and petition for writ of certio-
rari to the Court of Criminal Appeals of Texas granted. Case trans-
ferred to the appellate docket and placed on the summary calendar.
No. 212, Misc. George Angelet, petitioner, v. Edward M. Fay,
Warden. Motion for leave to proceed in forma pauperis and petition
for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the
Second Circuit granted. Case transferred to the appellate docket and
placed on the summary calendar for oral argument immediately fol-
lowing No. 95.
CERTIORARI DENIED
No. 70. T. Smith & Son, Inc., petitioner, v. Willie Wilson et al.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the Fifth Circuit denied.

MONDAY, OCTOBER 12, 1964
13
No. 74. Katherine F. Miller, et al., petitioners, v. Commissioner of
Internal Revenue. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit denied.
No. 76. The Cortez Company, petitioner, v. Manatee County et al.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Florida denied.
No. 78. Commerce Company d/b/a Lamar Hotel, petitioner, v.
National Labor Relations Board. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
United States Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 79. American Airlines, Inc., petitioner, v. Joseph V. Manning,
etc., et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of
Appeals for the Second Circuit denied.
No. 80. T. Frank Smith, petitioner, v. United States. Petition for
writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Claims denied.
No. 84. Robert D. Kemper, petitioner, v. Dayton Bar Association.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Ohio denied.
No. 85. Paul Rhodes, petitioner, v. Erenst W. Taylor et al. Peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Nebraska denied.
No. 87. California, petitioner, v. United States. Petition for writ
of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the Ninth Cir-
cuit denied.
No. 88. Larry Robert Eddington, petitioner, v. United States.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the Seventh Circuit denied.
No. 92. Albina Engine and Machine Works et al., petitioners, v.
J. J. O'Leary, Deputy Commissioner, Bureau of Employees' Com-
pensation, Department of Labor, et al. Petition for writ of certiorari
to the United States Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit denied.
No. 94. Ralph J. Perk, County Auditor of Cuyahoga County, Ohio,
petitioner, The Park Investment Company et al. Petition for writ
of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Ohio denied.
No. 97. In re Glenn H. Rogers for Discipline of a Certain Attorney
at Law, petitioner. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme
Court of California denied.
No. 101. Charles G. Raible, petitioner, v. Puerto Rico Industrial
Development Company. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United
States Court of Appeals for the First Circuit denied.
No. 104. Norman Carl Hug, petitioner, v. United States. Petition
for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the
Sixth Circuit denied.
No. 106. Fair Share Organization, Inc., et al., petitioners, v. Philip
Nagdeman & Sons, Inc. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Appel-
late Court of Indiana denied.
750-278-64- -4

MONDAY, OCTOBER 12, 1964
14
No. 108. National Surety Corporation, petitioner, v. United States
for the Use and Benefit of Olmos Building Materials Company. Pe-
tition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 109. Zigmont J. LeTowt, Jr., et ux., petitioners, v. Commis-
sioner of Internal Revenue. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
United States Court of Appeals for the Third Circuit denied.
No. 110. Edward A. King, petitioner, v. Howard Yaeger, Warden.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of New Jersey
denied.
No. 112. West Virginia ex rel. William Dandy, petitioner, v. Wil-
liam J. Thompson, Judge of the Intermediate Court of Kanawha
County, West Virginia, et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
Supreme Court of Appeals of West Virginia denied.
No. 113. Joseph M. Thomas et ux., petitioners, v. United States.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the Ninth Circuit denied.
No. 114. Stewart B. Hopps, petitioner, v. United States. Petition
for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the
Fourth Circuit denied.
No. 117. Hattie Ray King and James Albert King, petitioners, v.
United States. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 118. Ernst Johan Jens Henriksen, et al., petitioners, v. Cory
Corporation. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Court of Appeals for the Seventh Circuit denied.
No. 119. Dorothy Dorsett Brown, petitioner, v. Orleans Parish
School Board. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court
of Louisiana denied.
No. 121. Radiator Specialty Company, petitioner, v. Richard
Micek. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of
Appeals for the Ninth Circuit denied.
No. 122. International Brotherhood of Electrical Workers, Local
Union 1377, AFL-CIO, petitioner, v. National Labor Relations Board.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the Sixth Circuit denied.
No. 124. Benjamin H. Saunders, Executor, etc., et al., petitioners,
v. Anne Baker Bien Hanson. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
United States Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia Circuit
denied.
No. 125. Morton Berkowitz, petitioner, v. United States. Petition
for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the
Third Circuit denied.

MONDAY, OCTOBER 12, 1964
15
No. 126. Harvey K. Jackson, petitioner, v. United States. Petition
for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the
Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 127. Worth Munn et al., petitioners, v. The Horvitz Company
et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Ohio
denied.
No. 128. Roy A. Dickie, Assignee of Whitaker & Co., Inc., peti-
tioner, v. Sewer Improvement District No. 1, of Dardanelle, Arkansas,
et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of
Appeals for the Eighth Circuit denied.
No. 129. Robert Laken, petitioner, v. Joan Cornmesser. Petition
for writ of certiorari to the Appellate Court of Illinois, Second Dis-
trict, denied.
No. 132. Louis H. Lewis et al., petitioners, v. Commissioner of In-
ternal Revenue. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Court of Appeals for the Seventh Circuit denied.
No. 135. Joe Delegal, petitioner, v. United States. Petition for
writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the Fifth
Circuit denied.
No. 136. Eddie Griffin, petitioner, v. United States. Petition for
writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the Fifth
Circuit denied.
No. 137. Russell J. Straight, Mary D. Evans, and Josh J. Evans,
Co-partners, doing business as Pryor Hay and Grain Company, et al.,
petitioners, v. James Talcott, Inc. Petition for writ of certiorari to
the United States Court of Appeals for the Tenth Circuit denied.
No. 141. Red Ball Motor Freight, Inc., petitioner, v. National
Labor Relations Board. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United
States Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia Circuit denied.
No. 142. Florida ex rel. Norbert Fox, etc., petitioner, v. Florence J.
Webster, etc. Petition for writ of certiorari to the District Court of
Appeal of Florida, Third District, denied.
No. 143. Charles Chramek, petitioner, v. United States. Petition
for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the
Fourth Circuit denied.
No. 144. Homer L. Woxberg, Sr., et al., petitioners, v. United
States. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of
Appeals for the Ninth Circuit denied.
No. 146. Mortimer W. H. Cox., Administrator, etc., petitioner, v.
Arthur O. Hecker et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United
States Court of Appeals for the Third Circuit denied.

MONDAY, OCTOBER 12, 1964
16
No. 147. Irving Berlin et al., petitioners, v. E. C. Publications, Inc.,
et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of
Appeals for the Second Circuit denied.
No. 150. Nicolae Malaxa, petitioner, v. Robert F. Kennedy, Attor-
ney General of the United States. Petition for writ of certiorari to
the United States Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia Cir-
cuit denied.
No. 151. Alvin Chance, petitioner, v. United States. Petition for
writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the Fifth
Circuit denied.
No. 153. Pearl E. Dilley, etc., petitioner, v. The Chesapeake & Ohio
Railway Company. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United
States Court of Appeals for the Sixth Circuit denied.
No. 154. Fidelity-Baltimore National Bank, petitioner, v. United
States. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of
Appeals for the Fourth Circuit denied.
No. 155. Maurice J. Breen, et ux., petitioners, v. Commissioner of
internal Revenue. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Court of Appeals for the Eighth Circuit denied.
No. 156. Frank Bassi, petitioner, v. United States. Petition for
writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the Sec-
ond Circuit denied.
No. 157. American Export Lines, Inc., petitioner, v. Howard Ali
Ammar. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of
Appeals for the Second Circuit denied.
No. 158. The Boston Metals Company et al., petitioners, v. Stephen
O'Hearne, Deputy Commissioner, Fourth Compensation District.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals.
for the Fourth Circuit denied.
No. 160. Harry R. Smith, petitioner, v. United States. Petition
for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the
Eighth Circuit denied.
No. 161. Albert Scolnick, et ux., petitioners, v. Louis J. Lefkowitz
et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of
Appeals for the Second Circuit denied.
No. 162. L. P. Steuart, Inc., petitioner, v. Joseph H. Matthews.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the District of Columbia Circuit denied.
No. 163. Anthony Orlando, petitioner, v. United States. Petition
for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the
Sixth Circuit denied.

MONDAY, OCTOBER 12, 1964
17
No. 167. Atlantic City, a Municipal Corporation of the State of
New Jersey, petitioner, v. Andrew Caporossi. Petition for writ of
certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the Third Cir-
cuit denied.
No. 168. Chicago & Eastern Illinois Railroad Co., et al., petitioners,
v. Paul J. Kern et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Appellate
Court of Illinois, First District, denied.
No. 170. Michael Zaffarano, petitioner, v. United States. Petition
for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the
Ninth Circuit denied.
No. 173. Mark Allen et al., petitioners, v. Millicent F. Brown et al.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the Fourth Circuit denied.
No. 174. Local 542, International Union of Operating Engineers,
AFL-CIO, petitioner, v. National Labor Relations Board. Petition
for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the
Third Circuit denied.
No. 175. Montreal Securities, Inc., petitioner, v. United States.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Claims
denied.
No. 176. Technograph Printed Circuits, Ltd., et al., petitioners, v.
The Bendix Corporation. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
United States Court of Appeals for the Fourth Circuit denied.
No. 177. American Can Company, petitioner, v. New Jersey, etc.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of New Jersey
denied.
No. 180. Henry Giordano, petitioner, v. United States. Petition
for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the
Second Circuit denied.
No. 182. Texas State AFL-CIO et al., petitioners, v. Robert F.
Kennedy, Attorney General, et al. Petition for writ of certiorari
to the United States Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia
Circuit denied.
No. 183. Henry Watson, petitioner, v. United States. Petition for
writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the Second
Circuit denied.
No. 184. Beneficial Finance Co. of North Jersey, petitioner, v.
Irwin Ray, etc. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 185. C. C. Thomas, petitioner, v. Youngstown Sheet and Tube
Company et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Court of Appeals for the Tenth Circuit denied.
750-278-64--5

MONDAY, OCTOBER 12, 1964
18
No. 186. Charles Oran Mensik et ux., petitioners, v. Commissioner
of Internal Revenue. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United
States Court of Appeals for the Seventh Circuit denied.
No. 187. Thomas Organ Company, petitioner, v. John A. Neal and
John G. Duffy, etc. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United
States Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit denied.
No. 188. Caesar A. Fiocchi and Charles Fiocchi, etc., et al., peti-
tioners, v. Robert G. Regan Co. Petition for writ of certiorari to
the Supreme Court of Illinois denied.
No. 190. Mount Holly-Burlington Broadcasting Company, Inc.,
petitioner, v. William S. Halpern and Louis N. Seltzer, etc., et al.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the District of Columbia Circuit denied.
No. 191. John J. Houlihan, petitioner, v. United States. Petition
for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the
Second Circuit denied.
No. 192. Thomas H. Keegan, petitioner, v. United States. Petition
for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the
Seventh Circuit denied.
No. 194. Frank W. Cass et al., petitioner, v. The Youngstown Sheet
and Tube Company. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United
States Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 195. American Hardware Supply Company, etc., petitioner, v.
General Warehousemen and Employees Union No. 636, etc. Petition
for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the
Third Circuit denied.
No. 196. Air Terminal Services, Inc., petitioner, v. United States.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Claims
denied.
No. 197. Diamante Urga, petitioner, v. Florida. Petition for writ
of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Florida denied.
No. 198. John T. Bourn, petitioner, v. Civil Aeronautics Board
et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of
Appeals for the District of Columbia Circuit denied.
No. 199. Luise S. Cristiani, petitioner, v. Icard, Merrill, Cullis &
Timm, et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court.
of Florida denied.
No. 200. Joseph Spatuzza et al., petitioner, v. United States. Peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for
the Seventh Circuit denied.
No. 203. Appalachian Power Company, petitioner, v. Federal
Power Commission. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United
States Court of Appeals for the Fourth Circuit denied.

MONDAY, OCTOBER 12, 1964
19
No. 204. Pearl Beer Distributing Company of Jefferson County,
Incorporated, petition, v. National Labor Relations Board. Petition
for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the
Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 206. Jacksonville Terminal Company et al., petitioners, v.
Florida East Coast Railway Company. Petition for writ of cer-
tiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit
denied.
No. 207. Retail Clerks Union, 1550, etc., et al., petitioners, v. Na-
tional Labor Relations Board. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
United States Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia Circuit
denied.
No. 208. Associated Stores, Inc., petitioner, v. Industrial Loan and
Investment Company. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United
States Court of Appeals for the Fourth Circuit denied.
No. 209. State Neon Sign Co., Inc., petitioner, v. Franklin Life
Insurance Company. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United
States Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 210. Bernard E. Berlenbach, etc., petitioner, v. Anderson and
Thompson Ski Co., Inc. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United
States Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit denied.
No. 211. Millie Vecchio, etc., petitioner, v. Anheuser-Busch, Inc.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the Second Circuit denied.
No. 212. Norman Nathan Semler, petitioner, v. United States. Pe-
tition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for
the Ninth Circuit denied.
No. 213. W. T. Grant Company, petitioner, v. Mrs. Lillian M.
Skelton. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court
of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 214. Phillips & Buttorff Corporation, petitioner, v. W. Ray-
mond Denney et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United
States Court of Appeals for the Sixth Circuit denied.
No. 215. Paul L. Temple, petitioner, v. United States. Petition for
writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the Fifth
Circuit denied.
No. 216. Terry & Wright, Inc., et al., petitioners, v. Hugh D. Blan-
chard et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court
of Appeals for the Sixth Circuit denied.
No. 217. General Bancshares Corporation, petitioner, v. Commis-
sioner of Internal Revenue. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
United States Court of Appeals for the Eighth Circuit denied.

MONDAY, OCTOBER 12, 1964
20
No. 218. Leonard Hyatt et ux., petitioners, v. Commissioner of In-
ternal Revenue. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 219. Anthony Fernandez et al., petitioner, v. United States.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the Ninth Circuit denied.
No. 220. Rooted Hair, Inc., petitioner, v. A & B Wig Co., Inc.,
et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of
Appeals for the Second Circuit denied.
No. 221. Frank Cannon, petitioner, v. United States. Petition for
writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the
Seventh Circuit denied.
v. Texas.
No. 222. William H. Dean, petitioner, v. Texas. Petition for writ
of certiorari to the Court of Criminal Appeals of Texas denied.
No. 224. Detroit Vital Foods, Inc., petitioner, v. United States.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the Sixth Circuit denied.
No. 225. Carlos Castro et al., petitioner, v. Central Aguirre Sugar
Company. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court
of Appeals for the First Circuit denied.
No. 227. Margaret Davis et al., petitioners, v. Pauline D. McLaugh-
lin, etc. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of
Appeals for the Ninth Circuit denied.
No. 230. Levin & Weintraub, petitioners, v. Alfred A. Rosenberg.
Trustee. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court
of Appeals for the Second Circuit denied.
No. 231. Eighteenth Avenue Land Co., petitioner, v. Isidore
Cherno, Trustee in Bankruptcy of Itemlab, Inc. Petition for writ of
certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit
denied.
No. 233. Mongoose Gin Company et al., petitioners, v. United
States. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of
Appeals for the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 235. International Longshoremen's Association, Local 1242,
petitioner, v. National Labor Relations Board. Petition for writ of
certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the Third Cir-
cuit denied.
No. 236. Joseph K. Taussig, Jr., petitioner, v. Robert S. McNamara,
Secretary of Defense, et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
United States Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia Circuit
denied.

MONDAY, OCTOBER 12, 1964
21
No. 239. Marion M. Pickle, Jr., petitioner, v. Tennessee. Petition
for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Tennessee, Eastern
Division, denied.
No. 241. James B. Clower et al., petitioners, v. National Labor Re-
lations Board et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United
States Court of Appeals for the Sixth Circuit denied.
No. 242. B. B. Woodson, Trustee in Bankruptcy for Sterling R.
Decker and Mary Jane Decker, partners t/a Berkeley Community
Builders, et al., petitioners, v. George Gilmer. Petition for writ of
certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the Fourth Cir-
cuit denied.
No. 243. F. E. Gooding et ux., petitioners, v. United States. Peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Claims denied.
No. 244. Chatsworth Cooperative Marketing Association et al.,
petitioners, v. Interstate Commerce Commission. Petition for writ
of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the Seventh
Circuit denied.
No. 247. Janel Sales Corp., petitioner, v. Parke, Davis & Company.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the Second Circuit denied.
No. 248. James E. Little, petitioner, v. United States. Petition for
writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the Eighth
Circuit denied.
No. 249. Scott N. Brown, petitioner, v. Tennessee. Petition for
writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Tennessee, Eastern Divi-
sion, denied.
No. 252. Dave Fleischer, etc., petitioner, v. A. A. P., Inc., et al.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the Second Circuit denied.
No. 253. John C. Long et al., petitioner, v. Johns-Manville Sales
Corporation. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Court of Appeals for the Sixth Circuit denied.
No. 257. Nellie Louise Carson, petitioner, v. United States. Peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for
the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 258. Albert Strite et al., petitioners, v. Edgar A. McGinnes,
District Director of Internal Revenue. Petition for writ of certio-
rari to the United States Court of Appeals for the Third Circuit
denied.
No. 261. Carl Michael Mirabile, petitioner, v. United States. Peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for
the Fifth Circuit denied.
750-278-64- -6

MONDAY, OCTOBER 12, 1964
22
No. 263. Oscar C. Stahl et ux., petitioners, v. Commissioner of In-
ternal Revenue. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit denied.
No. 264. O. M. Tate, Jr., Trustee, etc., petitioner, v. National Ac-
ceptance Company of America. Petition for writ of certiorari to
the United States Court of Appeals for the Sixth Circuit denied.
No. 266. Johns-Manville Corporation, petitioner, v. Italit, Inc.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 267. Clayton B. Hellner et al., petitioners, v. United States.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Claims.
denied.
No. 268. Daniel J. Leary et ux., petitioners, v. United States. Pe-
tition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for
the Second Circuit denied.
No. 269. David R. Pulliam, petitioner, v. Commissioner of Internal
Revenue. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court
of Appeals for the Tenth Circuit denied.
No. 270. Republican Engineering & Manufacturing Co., petitioner,
v. Milton A. Moskovitz et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the St.
Louis Court of Appeals of Missouri denied.
No. 271. Ellen Webster et al., petitioners, v. City of Newark et al.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of New Jersey
denied.
No. 273. John M. Kossick, petitioner, v. United States. Petition
for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the
Second Circuit denied.
No. 274. Bernard J. Korzen, County Treasurer of Cook County,
Illinois, et al., petitioners, v. Ford Motor Company and United States.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Illinois denied.
No. 276. United Furniture Workers of America, AFL-CIO, et al.,
petitioners, v. National Labor Relations Board. Petition for writ of
certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the District of
Columbia Circuit denied.
No. 277. Marvin Johnny Perry, petitioner, v. United States. Peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for
the Fourth Circuit denied.
No. 279. John Papalia, petitioner, v. United States. Petition for
writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the Second
Circuit denied.
No. 280. Irving A. Kanarek, petitioner, v. United States. Petition
for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Claims denied.

MONDAY, OCTOBER 12, 1964
23
No. 281. Frank W. Wicker, petitioner, v. National Surety Corpora-
tion. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of
Appeals for the Fourth Circuit denied.
No. 284. A. M. Byers Company, petitioner, v. Howard Jamison, etc.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the Third Circuit denied.
No. 287. People's Educational Camp Society, Inc., petitioner, v.
Commissioner of Internal Revenue. Petition for writ of certiorari to
the United States Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit denied.
No. 289. Glenn Doherty et al., petitioners, v. United States. Peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for
the Third Circuit denied.
No. 290. Archie E. Merriott, petitioner, v. United States. Petition
for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Claims denied.
No. 293. Andrew Pasha et al., petitioners, v. United States. Peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for
the Seventh Circuit denied.
No. 297. Helen Bischoff, petitioner, v. Nathan Pereles, Jr., etc.,
et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of
Wisconsin denied.
No. 299. International Organization Masters, Mates and Pilots of
America, Inc., etc., et al., petitioners, v. International Organization
Masters, Mates and Pilots of America, Local No. 2, etc., et al. Peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Pennsylvania,
Eastern District, denied.
No. 303. Samuel Melnick et ux., etc., petitioners, v. Joseph Mina
et ux. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of
Appeals for the Third Circuit denied.
No. 309. Haik Kavookjian et al., petitioners, v. Town of Darien.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Errors of Con-
necticut denied.
No. 315. Restaurant League of New York, Inc., et al., etc., peti-
tioners, v. Jack Townsend et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
Appellate Division of the Supreme Court of New York, First Judicial
Department, denied.
No. 316. Allied Chemical Corporation, petitioner, v. Hampton
Roads Carriers, Inc. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United
States Court of Appeals for the Fourth Circuit denied.
No. 317. Janet Marie Cuddy, Administratrix, etc., petitioner, v.
Western Maryland Railway. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
United States Court of Appeals for the Third Circuit denied.

MONDAY, OCTOBER 12, 1964
24
No. 318. W.R.B. Corporation et al., petitioners, v. Odell Geer,
d/b/a Odell Geer Company, et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to
the United States Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 319. Arch C. Scurlock et al., petitioners, v. Samuel Meltzer;
and
No. 326. Arthur W. Sloan et al., petitioners, v. Samuel Meltzer.
Petitions for writs of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the Fourth Circuit denied.
No. 320. Ernest L. Allen, petitioner, v. United States. Petition for
writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the First
Circuit denied.
No. 322. Robert Keith Carter et al., petitioners, v. United States.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the Eighth Circuit denied.
No. 323. John F. Ramey, petitioner, v. United States. Petition for
writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the Dis-
trict of Columbia Circuit denied.
No. 324. Local 1566, International Longshoremen's Association,
AFL-CIO, petitioner, v. National Labor Relations Board. Petition
for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the
Third Circuit denied.
No. 325. Ampto, Inc., petitioner, v. American Photocopy Equip-
ment Company, etc. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Superior
Court of New Jersey, Appellate Division, denied.
No. 330. Baltimore Transit Company et al., petitioners, v. Mary-
land, for the use of Gloria S. Geils, et al. Petition for writ of certio-
rari to the United States Court of Appeals for the Fourth Circuit
denied.
No. 331. Cecile J. Shapiro, petitioner, v. Russell Leach et al. Peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for
the Sixth Circuit denied.
No. 333. Elaine Yagoda (formerly Elaine Drechsler), et al., peti-
tioners, v. Commissioner of Internal Revenue. Petition for writ of
certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the Second Cir-
cuit denied.
No. 340. J. Paul Scott, petitioner, v. United States. Petition for
writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the Sixth
Circuit denied.
No. 341. Vernon Zimmerman, petitioner, v. Mississippi Valley
Barge Line Co. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Court of Appeals for the Third Circuit denied.

MONDAY, OCTOBER 12, 1964
25
No. 342. The Hays Corporation, petitioner, v. Commissioner of
Internal Revenue. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Court of Appeals for the Seventh Circuit denied.
No. 344. Wylie A. Campbell, Jr., et al., petitioners, v. Virginia.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Appeals of
Virginia denied.
No. 346. Fair Share Organization, Inc., petitioner, v. Morris Mit-
nick, d/b/a Central Fourth Street Drugs. Petition for writ of cer-
tiorari to the Supreme Court of Indiana denied.
No. 349. E. R. Christenson, d/b/a Christenson Electric Company,
petitioner, v. Diversified Builders Incorporated, Johnson Construc-
tion Co., and Kaiser Company, Joint Venturers, et al. Petition for
writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the Tenth
Circuit denied.
No. 351. Grace Line, Inc., petitioner, v. National Marine Engi-
neers' Beneficial Association. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
Court of Appeals of New York denied.
No. 357. Philip Charles Testa, petitioner, v. United States. Peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for
the Third Circuit denied.
No. 361. E. G. Robinson, Jr., tr/as Palmetto Broadcasting Com-
pany (WDKD), petitioner, v. Federal Communications Commission.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the District of Columbia Circuit denied.
No. 362. Sherman S. Cohen, petitioner, v. Maryland. Petition for
writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals of Maryland denied.
No. 364. Mrs. Mary Virginia Bell, etc., petitioner, v. Tug Shrike,
in rem, Southern Transportation Company, Incorporated, and South-
ern Tug Corporation, in personam. Petition for writ of certiorari to
the United States Court of Appeals for the Fourth Circuit denied.
No. 367. AMP Incorporated, petitioner, v. Burndy Corporation
et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of
Appeals for the Third Circuit denied.
No. 379. Board of School Commissioners of Mobile County et al.,
petitioners v. Birdie Mae Davis et al. Petition for writ of certiorari
to the United States Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 385. Irma Grossman et al., petitioner, v. Jeannette Stubbs
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of New
Jersey denied.
et al.
No. 394. Mendo Wood Products, Inc., petitioner, v. Albert Mulder
et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the District Court of Appeal
of California, First Appellate District denied.
750-27864——7

MONDAY, OCTOBER 12, 1964
26
No. 66. William A. Reiling, petitioner, v. Beldin H. Loftsgaarden.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Minnesota
denied. Mr. Justice Black is of the opinion that certiorari should be
granted.
No. 81. L. L. Wainwright, Director, Division of Corrections, Flor-
ida, petitioner, v. Floyd L. Cullins et al. Motion of respondents for
leave to proceed in forma pauperis granted. Petition for writ of
certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit
denied.
No. 100. International Harvester Company, petitioner, v. W. Wil-
lard Wirtz, Secretary of Labor, United States Department of Labor,
et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of
Appeals for the Fifth Circuit denied. Mr. Justice Goldberg took no
part in the consideration or decision of this petition.
No. 102. The Creek Nation East of the Mississippi, petitioner, v.
United States. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Court of Claims denied. Mr. Justice Black took no part in the con-
sideration or decision of this petition.
No. 164. Virgil D. Dardi, petitioner, v. United States;
No. 165. Charles Rosenthal, petitioner, v. United States; and
No. 166. Charles Berman, petitioner, v. United States. Petitions
for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the
Second Circuit denied. Mr. Justice White took no part in the con-
sideration or decision of these petitions.
No. 169. Cowles Magazines and Broadcasting, Inc., petitioner, v.
Orlando Cepeda. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit denied. Mr. Justice Douglas
took no part in the consideration or decision of this petition.
No. 189. The Fanner Manufacturing Company, petitioner, v. Pre-
formed Line Products Company. Petition for writ of certiorari to
the United States Court of Appeals for the Sixth Circuit denied. Mr.
Justice Douglas is of the opinion that certiorari should be granted.
No. 339. Gate Film Club, petitioner, v. Louis M. Pesce. Petition
for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the
Second Circuit denied. Mr. Justice Douglas is of the opinion that
certiorari should be granted.
No. 272. Trunkline Gas Company, petitioner, v. Hardin County.
Motion to use the record in No. 153, October Term, 1963, granted.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 391. Democratic County Committee of Philadelphia, on behalf
of Michael A. Musmanno, petitioner, v. County Board of Elections of
Philadelphia County. Motion of Genevieve Blatt to be added as a

MONDAY, OCTOBER 12, 1964
27
party respondent granted. Motion of Charles S. Helmig for leave
to file a brief, as amicus curiae, granted. Petition for writ of certio-
rari to the Supreme Court of Pennsylvania, Eastern District, denied.
No. 1, Misc. James John McDonald, petitioner, v. Ohio. Petition
for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Ohio denied.
No. 3, Misc. Alfred Aldana Ruiz, petitioner, v. California. Peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for
the Ninth Circuit denied.
No. 4, Misc. Jeddy Wilkins, petitioner, v. William J. Banmiller,
Warden. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of
Appeals for the Third Circuit denied.
No. 8, Misc. Glenn J. Miller, petitioner, v. Oklahoma. Petition
for writ of certiorari to the Court of Criminal Appeals of Oklahoma
denied.
No. 12, Misc. John D. Beeler, petitioner, v. Texas. Petition for
writ of certiorari to the Court of Criminal Appeals of Texas denied.
No. 13, Misc. United States ex rel. Alvin R. Drew, petitioner, v.
David N. Myers, Superintendent, State Correctional Institution. Pe-
tition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for
the Third Circuit denied.
No. 15, Misc. Alfred Ortega Medina, petitioner, v. Colorado.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Colorado
denied.
No. 16, Misc. Clifford Jefferson, petitioner, v. Richard A. McGee,
etc., et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court
of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit denied.
No. 17, Misc. John J. Whitney, petitioner, v. W. H. Wilkins,
Warden. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of
Appeals for the Second Circuit denied.
No. 18, Misc. Raymond Buenrostro Cortez, petitioner, v. United
States. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of
Appeals for the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 19, Misc. Clyde W. Coles, petitioner, v. Luther Thomas,
Warden. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals of
Kentucky denied.
No. 22, Misc. John E. Burke et al., petitioners, v. United States.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the First Circuit denied.
No. 23, Misc. Willie Porter, petitioner, v. Florida. Petition for
writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Florida denied.
No. 26, Misc. Julius Dwaine Perry, Sr., petitioner, v. United
States Attorney General et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
United States Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit denied.

MONDAY, OCTOBER 12, 1964
28
No. 27, Misc. Ophelia Johnson, petitioner, v. United States.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 28, Misc. Thomas Stem, petitioner, v. North Carolina. Peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of North Carolina
denied.
No. 29, Misc. Victor Morales Ortiz, Jr., petitioner, v. United
States. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of
Appeals for the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 30, Misc. Robert Lozano Garcia, petitioner, v. California.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Appellate Division of the Supe-
rior Court of California, County of Los Angeles, denied.
No. 31, Misc. Calvin Williams, petitioner, v. United States.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the Second Circuit denied.
No. 33, Misc. Anthony Paul Marullo, petitioner, v. United States.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 34, Misc. Ora E. Gaines, petitioner, v. United States. Peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Claims and/or
the United States Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 37, Misc. Benjamin M. Huffman, petitioner, v. Douglas Air-
craft Company et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme
Court of North Carolina denied.
No. 39, Misc. Bobby J. Jones, petitioner, v. Luther Thomas,
Warden. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals of
Kentucky denied.
No. 40, Misc. Laura Ella Griffin, petitioner, v. John S. Gleason,
Jr., et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court
of Appeals for the District of Columbia Circuit denied.
No. 41, Misc. George S. Hlozansky, petitioner, v. Harold A. Cox,
Warden. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of New
Mexico denied.
No. 42, Misc. Joe Hill, Jr., petitioner, v. United States. Petition
for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the
Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 44, Misc. John R. Kilbourne, Jr., petitioner, v. North Caro-
lina. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of
Appeals for the Fourth Circuit denied.
No. 45, Misc. James Ricci, petitioner, v. New York. Petition for
writ of certiorari to the Appellate Division of the Supreme Court of
New York, Fourth Judicial Department, denied.

MONDAY, OCTOBER 12, 1964
29
No. 47, Misc. Nelson Prince, petitioner, v. Workmen's Compensa-
tion Board. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals
of New York denied.
No. 48, Misc. Bernard H. Tabor, petitioner, v. Mell G. Under-
wood, U.S. District Judge. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
United States Court of Appeals for the Sixth Circuit denied.
No. 49, Misc. Lonnie Warden, petitioner, v. William C. Holman,
Acting Warden. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 50, Misc. John Thomas Fitts, petitioner, v. United States.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the Tenth Circuit denied.
No. 51, Misc. Gerald Mastracchio, petitioner, v. Superior Court
of Rhode Island for Providence County. Petition for writ of
certiorari to the Supreme Court of Rhode Island denied.
No. 54, Misc. William A. Nelson, petitioner, v. United States.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the District of Columbia Circuit denied.
No. 55, Misc. Cozzie Merrill Jones, petitioner, v. Frank Eyman,
Warden. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of
Arizona denied.
No. 56, Misc. William J. Couture, petitioner, v. United States.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States of Appeals for the
First Circuit denied.
No. 57, Misc. Nelson Robinson, petitioner, v. Anthony J. Cele-
brezze, Secretary of Health, Education, and Welfare. Petition for
writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the Fifth
Circuit denied.
No. 60, Misc. Whitney Bartie, petitioner, v. United States. Peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for
the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 62, Misc. Erwin M. Swam, petitioner, v. United States et al.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the Seventh Circuit denied.
No. 63, Misc. Robert Draper, petitioner, v. Washington et al.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the Ninth Circuit denied.
No. 64, Misc. James A. Flores, petitioner, v. United States. Peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for
the Seventh Circuit denied.
No. 66, Misc. Donald F. Hipp, petitioner, v. Isidore P. Smith
et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Ohio
denied.

MONDAY, OCTOBER 12, 1964
30
No. 67, Misc. William David Andrews, petitioner, v. Lawrence E.
Wilson, Warden. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court
of California denied.
No. 68, Misc. Wilfred G. Verney, petitioner, v. Alaska. Petition
for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Alaska denied.
No. 69, Misc. Edward Earl Brooks, petitioner, v. United States.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the Tenth Circuit denied.
No. 71, Misc. Francis J. Green, petitioner, v. Warden, Maryland
State Penitentiary. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United
States Court of Appeals for the Fourth Circuit denied.
No. 73, Misc. Lawrence Allen Baker, petitioner, v. United States.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the Tenth Circuit denied.
No. 74, Misc. Maurice N. Whittington, petitioner, v. United
States District Court et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
United States Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia Circuit
denied.
No. 75, Misc. Grant Cooper, petitioner, v. Alabama. Petition for
writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Alabama denied.
No. 76, Misc. Joseph Linwood Richards, petitioner, v. United
States. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of
Appeals for the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 77, Misc. Henry Sliva, petitioner, v. A. T. Rundle, Superin-
tendent, State Correctional Institution. Petition for writ of certiorari
to the United States Court of Appeals for the Third Circuit denied.
No. 78, Misc. Myrtie Hopkins, petitioner, v. Condon Wasson et al.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the Sixth Circuit denied.
No. 79, Misc. Charles White, petitioner, v. New Hampshire.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of New Hamp-
shire denied.
No. 80, Misc. Herman Hayman, petitioner, v. United States.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the Ninth Circuit denied.
No. 82, Misc. Ernest Calvin Johnson, petitioner, v. Dr. John P.
Shovlin, Superintendent, Farview State Hospital. Petition for writ
of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the Third Cir-
cuit denied.
No. 83, Misc. Louis Saccenti, petitioner, v. New York. Petition
for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals of New York denied.

MONDAY, OCTOBER 12, 1964
31
No. 84, Misc. Bernard Smith, petitioner, v. United States. Peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for
the District of Columbia Circuit denied.
No. 85, Misc. Hiram A. Matthewson et al., petitioners, v. Judge
Leo W. McCune et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United
States Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 86, Misc. Raymond James Yates, petitioner, v. Ohio. Peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Ohio denied.
No. 90, Misc. Ollie Jackson, petitioner, v. United States. Peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for
the Eighth Circuit denied.
No. 91, Misc. George E. Duggin, etc., petitioner, v. Tennessee.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the Sixth Circuit denied.
No. 92, Misc. Chester White, petitioner, v. United States. Peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for
the Eighth Circuit denied.
No. 94, Misc. Levy Parish, petitioner, v. United States. Petition
for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the
Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 95, Misc. Bethel S. Stevenson, petitioner, v. United States.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Claims
denied.
No. 96, Misc. Julie R. Blitz, petitioner, v. Janet M. Bogg; and
No. 97, Misc. Julie R. Blitz, petitioner, v. United States. Peti-
tions for writs of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for
the Second Circuit denied.
No. 100, Misc. Raymond E. Ferguson, petitioner, v. Alfred W.
Whitehurst, Commonwealth's Attorney for the City of Norfolk, Vir-
ginia. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of
Appeals for the Fourth Circuit denied.
No. 101, Misc. Clarence Smith, petitioner, v. New York. Petition
for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals of New York, denied.
No. 103, Misc. Minister James 15 X. C. White, petitioner, v. Com-
missioner John B. Duncan et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
United States Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia Circuit
denied.
No. 104, Misc. Arthur D. Jack, petitioner, v. Washington. Peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Washington denied.
No. 110, Misc. Wai Lau, petitioner, v. United States. Petition
for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the
Second Circuit denied.

MONDAY, OCTOBER 12, 1964
32
No. 111, Misc. Edward Wiseman, petitioner, v. Louie L. Wain-
wright, Director, Division of Corrections. Petition for writ of certio-
rari to the Supreme Court of Florida denied.
No. 112, Misc. Aileen Henig et al., petitioners, v. Rocco A. Odo-
risio et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court
of Appeals for the Third Circuit denied.
No. 113, Misc. Leon L. Hood, petitioner, v. Louie L. Wainwright,
Director, Division of Corrections. Petition for writ of certiorari to
the Supreme Court of Florida denied.
No. 116, Misc. Robert Draper, petitioner, v. William J. Reilly,
Sheriff, etc., et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United
States Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit denied.
No. 118, Misc. Oliver Rae Schumann, petitioner, v. United States.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the Ninth Circuit denied.
No. 121, Misc. Clarence L. Butler, petitioner, v. United States.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the District of Columbia Circuit denied.
No. 122, Misc. Walter Lee Johnson, petitioner, v. Pennsylvania
Board of Parole et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United
States Court of Appeals for the Third Circuit denied.
No. 124, Misc. Kiney Joseph Davis, petitioner, v. Texas. Peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the Court of Criminal Appeals of Texas
denied.
No. 126, Misc. Dorothea Erenreich, petitioner, v. United States.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Claims
denied.
No. 128, Misc. Charles William Walker, petitioner, v. Kentucky.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals of Kentucky
denied.
No. 129, Misc. Karl H. Stello, petitioner, v. United States. Peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Claims
denied.
No. 130, Misc. Robert Williams, petitioner, v. United States.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for Second Circuit denied.
No. 131, Misc. Willie Toler, petitioner, v. Frank J. Pate, Warden.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the Seventh Circuit denied.
No. 132, Misc. Leonard Ewing Scott, petitioner, v. Citizens Na-
tional Bank of Los Angeles. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
Supreme Court of California denied.

MONDAY, OCTOBER 12, 1964
33
No. 134, Misc. John Aldridge, petitioner, v. Frank J. Pate,
Warden. Petition for write of certiorari to the United States Court
of Appeals for the Seventh Circuit denied.
No. 136, Misc. William R. Mills, petitioner, v. William C. Hol-
man, Warden. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 137, Misc. K. Chandapillai Seth, petitioner, v. British Over-
seas Airways Corporation. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
United States Court of Appeals for the First Circuit denied.
No. 138, Misc. Kathleen Marra Mole, petitioner, v. United States.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the Fifts Circuit denied.
No. 139, Misc. George W. Pullite, petitioner, v. Ross V. Randolph
Warden. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Illi-
nois denied.
No. 142, Misc. Charles Clifford Moore, Jr., petitioner, v. United
States. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of
Appeals for the Eighth Circuit denied.
No. 146, Misc. Martin Legere, petitioner, v. United States. Peti-
tion for write of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for
the Second Circuit denied.
No. 148, Misc. Dwight DeWitt Robison, petitioner, v. United
States. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of
Appeals for the Ninth Circuit denied.
No. 149, Misc. Vincent Astor Williams, petitioner, v. Edward M.
Fay, Warden. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit denied.
No. 150, Misc. Ralph L. Sims, petitioner, v. United States. Peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for
the District of Columbia Circuit denied.
No. 151, Misc. John Hendricks, petitioner, v. L. L. Wainwright,
Director, Division of Corrections. Petition for writ of certiorari to
the Supreme Court of Florida denied.
No. 152, Misc. Emmett J. Stebbins, petitioner, v. John W. Macy
et al., U.S. Civil Service Commission. Petition for writ of certiorari
to the United States Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia
Circuit denied.
No. 153, Misc. Conway M. Sorrell, petitioner, v. Frank A. Eyman,
Warden. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Ari-
zona denied.
No. 157, Misc. Richard Thompson, petitioner, v. James F. Ma-
roney, Warden. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Court of Appeals for the Third Circuit denied.

MONDAY, OCTOBER 12, 1964
34
No. 161, Misc. James Wm. Carter, petitioner, v. California.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of California
denied.
No. 164, Misc. Johnnie Lee Goss, petitioner, v. Alaska et al.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Alaska denied.
No. 166, Misc. Eli De Paunto, alias R. E. Lipscomb, petitioner, v.
Michigan. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United State Court
of Appeals for the Sixth Circuit denied.
No. 167, Misc. Lee Colligan, petitioner, v. New York. Petition
for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals of New York denied.
No. 169, Misc. Louis Moorer, petitioner, v. South Carolina et al.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of South Carolina
denied.
No. 173, Misc. Jack Shields, petitioner, v. Texas. Petition for
writ of certiorari to the Court of Criminal Appeals of Texas denied.
No. 178, Misc. James Hines, petitioner, v. United States. Peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for
the District of Columbia Circuit denied.
No. 179, Misc. Nathan K. Goldberg, petitioner, v. United States.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Claims
denied.
No. 183, Misc. Freddie R. Moore, petitioner, v. New York. Peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals of New York
denied.
No. 184, Misc. James W. Vaughn, petitioner, v. E. L. Maxwell,
Warden. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Ohio
denied.
No. 185, Misc. Amado Cadena, petitioner, v. Washington et al.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the Ninth Circuit denied.
No. 186, Misc. William C. Wycoff, petitioner, v. Ward Lane,
Warden. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court
of Appeals for the Seventh Circuit denied.
No. 187, Misc. Francis Baker, petitioner, v. Frank A. Eyman,
Warden, et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court
of Arizona denied.
No. 191, Misc. Sidney E. Huddleston, Sr., petitioner, v. Ohio
River Company. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Court of Appeals for the Third Circuit denied.
No. 196, Misc. Arthur Leroy Horton, petitioner, v. Chesterfield
County et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Court of Appeals for the Fourth Circuit denied.

MONDAY, OCTOBER 12, 1964
35
No. 197, Misc. Walter Nathaniel Wiggins, petitioner, v. Mary-
land. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals of
Maryland denied.
No. 200, Misc. Grover Hill, petitioner, v. New York. Petition
for writ of certiorari to the Appellate Division of the Supreme Court
of New York, First Judicial Department, denied.
No. 202, Misc. William Lee Evans, petitioner, v. New York. Pe-
tition for writ of certiorari to the Appellate Division of the Supreme
Court of New York, First Judicial Department, denied.
No. 203, Misc. Donald Franklin McGraw, petitioner, v. Maryland.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals of Maryland
denied.
No. 204, Misc. Bernard T. Rideout, petitioner, v. United States.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the District of Columbia Circuit denied.
No. 205, Misc. Gerald Joseph Pulaski, petitioner, v. Wisconsin.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Wisconsin
denied.
No. 206, Misc. Glen E. Crow, petitioner, v. Missouri. Petition
for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Missouri denied.
No. 207, Misc. J. Howard Arnold, petitioner, v. Frances Kelly
Arnold. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Cali-
fornia denied.
No. 208, Misc. Fred D. Lovett, petitioner, v. California. Petition
for writ of certiorari to the District Court of Appeal of California,
Second Appellate District, denied.
No. 213, Misc. Verle G. Conard, petitioner, v. James F. Maroney,
Superintendent, State Correctional Institution. Petition for writ of
certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the Third Circuit
denied.
No. 214, Misc. Joseph F. Burgess, petitioner, v. District of Colum-
bia Board of Parole et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United
States Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia Circuit denied.
No. 215, Misc. Millard Dedmon, petitioner, v. Robert A. Heinze,
Warden, et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit denied.
No. 216, Misc. Charles Isaac Benson and Trevette Woody, peti-
tioners, v. United States. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United
States Court of Appeals for the Sixth Circuit denied.
No. 219, Misc. Roy Douglas, petitioner, v. Lamoyne Green, Super-
intendent, Marian Correctional Institution, et al. Petition for writ
of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the Sixth Cir-
cuit denied.

MONDAY, OCTOBER 12, 1964
36
No. 221, Misc. Robert J. Jones, petitioner, v. Civil Aeronautics
Board et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court
of Appeals for the District of Columbia Circuit denied.
No. 222, Misc. Michael Anthony Rizzitello et al., petitioners, v.
California. Petition for writ of certiorari to the District Court of
Appeal of California, Second Appellate District, denied.
No. 223, Misc. Paul Adam Gibbs, petitioner, v. Dr. George J. Beto,
Director, Texas Department of Corrections. Petition for writ of
certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit
denied.
No. 224, Misc. Jay King, petitioner, v. Washington et al. Peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the Superior Court of Washington, Walla
Walla County, denied.
No. 227, Misc. Roy Edward Kinder, petitioner, v. Otto C. Boles,
Warden. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Ap-
peals of West Virginia denied.
No. 229, Misc. Ronald O. Bisordi, petitioner, v. New York. Peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the Appellate Division of the Supreme
Court of New York, First Judicial Department, denied.
No. 230, Misc. Ned Dominguez, petitioner, v. United States.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the Ninth Circuit denied.
No. 234, Misc. Samuel Barnes, petitioner, v. Edward M. Fay,
Warden. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of
Appeals for the Second Circuit denied.
No. 235, Misc. Golden A. Frinks, petitioner, v. North Carolina.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of North Carolina
denied.
No. 236, Misc. Bennie Jones, petitioner, v. Illinois. Petition for
writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Illinois denied.
No. 238, Misc. Frank Bowie, petitioner, v. Maryland. Petition
for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals of Maryland denied.
No. 241, Misc. Louis Clarence Morrow, petitioner, v. Indiana.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Indiana denied.
No. 242, Misc. Marion Pyles, petitioner, v. Otto C. Boles, Warden.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Appeals of
West Virginia denied.
No. 245, Misc. Paul W. Welsh, petitioner, v. State Medical Board
of Ohio. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of
Ohio denied.
No. 246, Misc. Anderson Holliday, petitioner, v. Anthony J. Cele-
brezze, Secretary of Health, Education, and Welfare. Petition for
1
t

MONDAY, OCTOBER 12, 1964
37
writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the Fifth
Circuit denied.
No. 248, Misc. Jack Spada, petitioner, v. United States. Petition
for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the
Second Circuit denied.
No. 249, Misc. W. H. Naillieux, petitioner, v. Kansas. Petition
for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Kansas denied.
No. 250, Misc. Vernon Cooper et al., petitioners, v. United States.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the District of Columbia Circuit denied.
No. 251, Misc. James C. Wilkins, petitioner, v. New York. Peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the Appellate Division of the Supreme
Court of New York, First Judicial Department, denied.
No. 255, Misc. Joseph W. Miles, petitioner, v. United States.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the District of Columbia Circuit denied.
No. 256, Misc. Norbert Harris, petitioner, v. New York. Petition
for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals of New York denied.
No. 257, Misc. George Phillips, petitioner, v. New York. Peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals of New York
denied.
No. 259, Misc. H. Gael Baldwin and Catalina Baldwin, peti-
tioners, v. California. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme
Court of California denied.
No. 262, Misc. John Lee Ikerd, petitioner, v. Frank J. Pate,
Warden. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of
Appeals for the Seventh Circuit denied.
No. 265, Misc. Doyle Alva Terry, petitioner, v. California. Peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of California denied.
No. 266, Misc. Willie Charles Hill, petitioner, v. California et al.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of California
denied.
No. 267, Misc. James Douglas Latham and George Ronald York,
petitioners v. Sherman Crouse, Warden. Petition for writ of certio-
rari to the United States Court of Appeals for the Tenth Circuit
denied.
No. 269, Misc. Thomas Gerald King, petitioner, v. California.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of California
denied.
No. 274, Misc. Joseph Uhler, petitioner, v. Berks County Court.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the Third Circuit denied.

MONDAY, OCTOBER 12, 1964
38
No. 280, Misc. Pennsylvania ex rel. George Lee Rivers, peti-
tioner, v. David N. Myers, Superintendent, State Correctional Insti-
tution. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Penn-
sylvania, Eastern District, denied.
No. 283, Misc. Floyd E. Johnson, petitioner, v. Sherman H.
Crouse, Warden. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States.
Court of Appeals for the Tenth Circuit denied.
No. 285, Misc. Jeremiah P. Reed, petitioner, v. E. L. Maxwell,
Warden, et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court
of Ohio denied.
No. 286, Misc. William Clyde Wright, petitioner, v. B. J. Rhay,
Superintendent, Washington State Penitentiary. Petition for writ
of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Washington denied.
No. 290, Misc. Richard D. Roper, petitioner, v. Robert A. Heinze,
Warden, et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of
California denied.
No. 295, Misc. James Conway, petitioner, v. Robert A. Heinze,
Warden, et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of
California denied.
No. 296, Misc. R. W. Agnew, petitioner, v. Richard W. Moody
et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of
Appeals for the Ninth Circuit denied.
No. 297, Misc. Charles Price, Jr., petitioner, v. Maryland. Peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals of Maryland denied.
No. 299, Misc. Ola Belle Meredith, petitioner, v. United States.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the Ninth Circuit denied.
No. 301, Misc. Ronald J. Harris, petitioner, v. Harold V. Lang-
lois, Warden. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of
Rhode Island denied.
No. 303, Misc. Willy S. Crider, petitioner, v. E. L. Maxwell,
Warden. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of
Appeals for the Sixth Circuit denied.
No. 304, Misc. Rudolph Manasek, petitioner, v. New York. Peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals of New York denied.
No. 305, Misc. Ernest Chico McGary, petitioner, v. Florida.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Florida denied.
No. 307, Misc. Brewington C. Thomas, petitioner, v. California.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the Ninth Circuit denied.
No. 310, Misc. Roy David Tyson, petitioner, v. Edmund W. Hen-
ing, Jr., et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of
Appeals of Virginia denied.

MONDAY, OCTOBER 12, 1964
39
No. 318, Misc. William Heirens, petitioner, v. Illinois. Petition
for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Illinois denied.
No. 322, Misc. Douglas Stiltner, petitioner, v. B. J. Rhay, Super-
intendent, Washington State Penitentiary, et al. Petition for writ of
certiorari to the Superior Court of Washington, Walla Walla County,
denied.
No. 323, Misc. Earl H. Badgley, petitioner, v. George J. Beto,
Director, Texas Department of Corrections. Petition for writ of cer-
tiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the Fifth District
denied.
No. 324, Misc. Leon G. Schack, petitioner, v. Louie L. Wain-
wright, Director, Division of Corrections. Petition for writ of cer-
tiorari to the Supreme Court of Florida denied.
No. 326, Misc. Angelo Sparaco, petitioner, v. New York. Peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals of New York
denied.
No. 330, Misc. Charles E. Lawrenson, petitioner, v. United States
Fidelity and Guaranty Company. Petition for writ of certiorari to
the United States Court of Appeals for the Fourth Circuit denied.
No. 354, Misc. LeRoy James McNair, petitioner, v. New York.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals of New York
denied.
No. 2, Misc. W. E. Young, petitioner, v. South Carolina. Motion
of the American Civil Liberties Union for leave to file a brief, as ami-
cus curiae, granted. Petition for writ of ceritorari to the Supreme
Court of South Carolina denied.
No. 5, Misc. John Joseph Ryan et al., petitioners, v. New York.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals of New York
denied. Mr. Justice Douglas is of the opinion that certiorari should
be granted.
No. 61, Misc. Elmer Tahtinen, petitioner, v. California. Petition
for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of California denied. Mr.
Justice Douglas is of the opinion that certiorari should be granted.
No. 162, Misc. Roy Sanders Ashbrook, petitioner, v. United
States. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of
Appeals for the Sixth Circuit denied. Mr. Justice Douglas is of the
opinion that certiorari should be granted.
No. 277, Misc. William W. Fabian, petitioner, v. Maryland.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals of Maryland
denied. Mr. Justice Douglas is of the opinion that certiorari should
be granted.
No. 333, Misc. Ernest F. Williams, petitioner, v. New York.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals of New York
A
9
2

MONDAY, OCTOBER 12, 1964
40
denied. Mr. Justice Douglas is of the opinion that certiorari should
be granted.
No. 72, Misc. Victoria St. Pierre Lartigue, petitioner, v. R. J.
Reynolds Tobacco Co. et al. Motion to use record in No. 386 Misc.,
October Term, 1963, granted. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
United States Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 133, Misc. Robert A. Nist, petitioner, v. B. J. Rhay, Super-
intendent, Washington State Penitentiary. Petition for writ of cer-
tiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit
and for other relief denied.
No. 158, Misc. Robert B. Gravis, petitioner, v. United States.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the Second Circuit denied. Mr. Justice White took no part in the
consideration or decision of this petition.
LEAVE TO FILE PETITION FOR WRIT OF CERTIORARI DENIED
No. 24, Misc. Anibal Marin, Jr., petitioner, v. United States.
Motion for leave to file petition for writ of certiorari denied.
LEAVE TO FILE PETITIONS FOR WRITS OF HABEAS CORPUS DENIED
No. 20, Misc. Thomas J. Auflick, petitioner, v. Louie L. Wain-
wright, Director, Division of Corrections;
No. 53, Misc. Edward William Anderson, petitioner, v. Louie L.
Wainwright, Director, Division of Corrections;
No. 65, Misc. S. J. Brown, petitioner, v. Louie L. Wainwright,
Director, Division of Corrections, et al.;
No. 70, Misc. Arthur V. Sampson, petitioner, v. L. L. Wain-
wright, Director, Division of Corrections;
No. 102, Misc. Darwin Blaine Beers, petitioner, v. Florida;
No. 106, Misc. Arnold Burton Unger, petitioner, v. Howard
Yeager, Warden;
No. 114, Misc. James Holman, petitioner, v. Frank A. Eyman,
Warden, et al.;
No. 115, Misc. Charles N. Lambert, petitioner, v. B. J. Rhay,
Superintendent, Washington State Penitentiary;
No. 119, Misc. Thomas M. Grey, petitioner, v. Minnesota;
No. 193, Misc. Francis Lloyd Burke, petitioner, v. California;
No. 268, Misc. Maurice Duckett, petitioner, v. Walter Dunbar,
Director of Corrections, et al.;
No. 293, Misc. Robert Charles Garvie, petitioner, v. People of the
State of California;
No. 300, Misc. Earl Ferriera, petitioner, v. United States;
1
4

MONDAY, OCTOBER 12, 1964
41
No. 302, Misc. Frank Frederick Beck, petitioner, v. Louie L.
Wainwright, Director, Division of Corrections;
No. 338, Misc. Leon G. Schack, petitioner, v. Martin Kellenberger,
Sheriff of Palm Beach County, Florida; and
No. 344, Misc. Ruben Williams, petitioner, v. Frank J. Pate,
Warden. Motions for leave to file petitions for writs of habeas
corpus denied.
No. 182, Misc. Robert M. Lee, Jr., petitioner, v. Frank J. Pate,
Warden, et al. Motion for leave to file petition for writ of habeas
and for other relief denied.
No. 25, Misc. Benjamin Olen Christmas, petitioner, v. Florida;
No. 52, Misc. Adam Mosley, petitioner, v. Missouri; and
No. 108, Misc. Homer J. Buchanan, petitioner, v. Frank A.
Eyman, Warden. Motions for leave to file petitions for writs of
habeas corpus denied. Treating the papers submitted as petitions for
writs of certiorari, certiorari denied.
LEAVE TO FILE PETITIONS FOR WRITS OF MANDAMUS DENIED
No. 81, Misc. Glorida Parker, petitioner, v. Hon. Edward J.
Lumbard et al.;
No. 98, Misc. Robert William Crawford, petitioner, v. United
States Court of Appeals for the Sixth Circuit et al.; and
No. 314, Misc. Winckler & Smith Citrus Products Co. et al.,
petitioners, v. United States Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit
et al. Motions for leave to file petitions for writs of mandamus denied.
LEAVE TO FILE PETITION FOR WRIT OF PROHIBITION DENIED
No. 172, Misc. Thaddeus E. Tansimore, petitioner, v. United
States. Motion for leave to file petition for writ of prohibition
denied.
REHEARINGS DENIED
No. 84, October Term, 1960. Albert Martin Cohen, petitioner,
v. Denis M. Hurley. Motions of New York State Association of Trial
Lawyers; and National Lawyers Guild for leave to file briefs, as amicus
curiae, in support of motion for leave to file a second petition for
rehearing granted. Motion for leave to file a second petition for re-
hearing denied. Mr. Justice White and Mr. Justice Goldberg took
no part in the consideration or decision of these motions.
No. 467, October Term, 1962. James Alvado et al., petitioners,
v. General Motors Corporation. Motion for leave to file a third peti-
tion for rehearing denied. Mr. Justice Goldberg took no part in the
consideration or decision of this motion.
21

MONDAY, OCTOBER 12, 1964
42
No. -, October Term, 1963. Thomas T. Kawahara, petitioner,
v. Elvis J. Stahr, Jr., etc.;
No. 15, October Term, 1963. Evander Ford et al., petitioners,
v. Tennessee;
No. 23, October Term, 1963. B. A. Reynolds, etc., et al., appel-
lants, v. M. O. Sims et al.;
No. 27, October Term, 1963. David J. Vann and Robert S.
Vance, appellants, v. Agnes Baggett, Secretary of State of the State
of Alabama, et al.;
No. 35, October Term, 1963. Israel Dresner et al., petitioners,
v. City of Tallahassee;
No. 41, October Term, 1963. John W. McConnell, Jr., et al.,
appellants, v. Agnes Baggett, Secretary of State of Alabama, et al.;
No. 95, October Term, 1963. Samuel Dodd Williamson, peti-
tioner, v. California:
No. 99, October Term, 1963. Harold Eugene Wenzler, Sr., and
John Imlay, petitioners, v. California;
No. 245, October Term, 1963. Milton Berman, petitioner, v.
United States;
No. 264, October Term, 1963. James P. Donovan et al., peti-
tioners, v. City of Dallas et al.;
No. 297, October Term, 1963. Richard H. M. Swann, appel-
lant, v. Tom Adams, Secretary of State of Florida, et al.;
No. 379, October Term, 1963. Pan-American Life Insurance
Company, petitioner, v. Marie Lorido; and
No. 380, October Term, 1963. Pan-American Life Insurance
Company, petitioner, v. Marie Lorido;
No. 553, October Term, 1963. Harry Finch et al., petitioners,
v. California;
No. 556, October Term, 1963. United Mine Workers of Amer-
ica, petitioner, v. White Oak Coal Company, Inc.;
No. 608, October Term, 1963. Roy J. Neering, petitioner, v.
Florida;
No. 673, October Term, 1963. Pan-American Life Insurance
Company, petitioner, v. Augustin Goytisolo Recio;
No. 819, October Term, 1963. Irving Marder, appellant, v.
Massachusetts;
No. 930, October Term, 1963. Joseph L. Sanapaw et al., peti-
tioners, v. Wisconsin;
No. 939, October Term, 1963. Harlow Chamberlin, etc., et al.,
appellants, v. The Dade County Board of Public Instruction et al.;
No. 949, October Term, 1963. James M. Sinclair, Jr., appel-
lant, v. Glenn R. Baker, etc., et al.;
No. 993, October Term, 1963. Mitchell Bros. Truck Lines, ap-
pellant, v. United States and Interstate Commerce Commission;

MONDAY, OCTOBER 12, 1964
43
No. 1062, October Term, 1963. Felix O. Bullard, petitioner, v.
Florida;
No. 1081, October Term, 1963. Waltham Precision Instrument
Company, Inc., etc., et al., petitioners, v. Federal Trade Commission;
No. 1102, October Term, 1963. Houston Maritime Association,
Inc., et al., petitioners, v. National Labor Relations Board;
No. 1110, October Term, 1963. Pan American Life Insurance
Company, petitioner, v. Carlos Manuel Theye y Ajuria;
No. 1113, October Term, 1963. Normand Smith et al., peti-
tioners, v. Government of the Virgin Islands et al.; and
No. 1188, October Term, 1963. Jaime J. Merino, petitioner, v.
United States Marshal. Petitions for rehearing denied.
No. 115, October Term, 1963. General Motors Corporation, ap-
pellant, v. Washington et al. Motions of Automotive Service Indus-
try Association; Electronic Industries Association; Automotive
Manufacturers Association; and the National Association of Manu-
facturers for leave to file briefs, as amicus curiae, in support of petition
for rehearing granted. Petition for rehearing denied.
No. 481, October Term, 1963. Viking Theatre Corporation, pe-
titioner, v. Paramount Film Distributing Corporation et al. Petition
for rehearing denied. Mr. Justice Douglas took no part in the con-
sideration or decision of this petition.
No. 554, October Term, 1963. Popeil Brothers, Inc., petitioner,
v. Karl Zysset et al.; and
No. 991, October Term, 1963. Alfonso Spinelli, petitioner, v.
Isthmian Steamship Company et al. Motions for leave to file second
petitions for rehearing denied.
No. 636, October Term, 1963. Joseph Germano et al., appel-
lants, v. Otto Kerner et al. Petition for rehearing denied. Mr. Justice
Goldberg took no part in the consideration or decision of this petition.
No. 983, October Term, 1963. Chicago North Shore and Mil-
waukee Railway Company, petitioner, v. United States. Motion for
leave to file petition for rehearing denied.
No. 323, Misc., October Term, 1963. Frank J. Mee, petitioner,
v. United States;
No. 396, Misc., October Term, 1963. Pedro Camacho Lopez,
petitioner, v. Texas;
No. 942, Misc., October Term, 1963. Albert Edward Ray-
mond, petitioner, v. Pennsylvania;
No. 955, Misc., October Term, 1963. Alvin Maurice Parham,
petitioner, v. California;
No. 973, Misc., October Term, 1963. Wilson M. Smith, Jr.,
petitioner, v. United States;

MONDAY, OCTOBER 12, 1964
44
No. 982, Misc., October Term, 1963. Michael Reynolds, peti-
tioner, v. New Jersey;
No. 985, Misc., October Term, 1963. John Paul Herb, peti-
tioner, v. Louie L. Wainwright, Director, Division of Corrections;
No. 1011, Misc., October Term, 1963. Robert Lowell Rogers,
petitioner, v. United States;
No. 1059, Misc., October Term, 1963. George Wilson, peti-
tioner, v. Illinois;
No. 1089, Misc., October Term, 1963. James Henry Miller,
petitioner, v. United States;
No. 1115, Misc., October Term, 1963. John G. Ahlstedt, peti-
tioner, v. United States;
No. 1133, Misc., October Term, 1963. John Joseph Berry,
petitioner, v. Warden, Queens House of Detention;
No. 1139, Misc., October Term, 1963. Martin Reynolds, peti-
tioner, v. New Jersey ;
No. 1143, Misc., October Term, 1963. Gerhard Willie Ga-
wantka, petitioner, v. United States;
No. 1150, Misc., October Term, 1963. Edward Williams, peti-
tioner, v. South Carolina;
No. 1151, Misc., October Term, 1963. John Morris, petitioner,
v. South Carolina;
No. 1179, Misc., October Term, 1963. Walter E. Fisher, peti-
tioner, v. United States;
No. 1203, Misc., October Term, 1963. Kethel Osborne, peti-
tioner, v. J. C. Taylor, Warden;
No. 1228, Misc., October Term, 1963. Andrew J. Easter, peti-
tioner, v. Frederick W. Brune et al., Judges of the Court of Appeals of
Maryland;
No. 1238, Misc., October Term, 1963. S. Leon Levy, peti-
tioner, v. John W. Macy, Jr., et al., Commissioner, United States
Civil Service Commission;
No. 1245, Misc., October Term, 1963. Louis C. White, peti-
tioner, v. Fred R. Dickson, Warden;
No. 1268, Misc., October Term, 1963. Dallas O. Williams, pe-
titioner, v. United States;
No. 1281, Misc., October Term, 1963. Robert S. Van Rens-
selaer et al., petitioners, v. General Motors Corp., etc.;
No. 1310, Misc., October Term, 1963. Thomas D. Ramsey, pe-
titioner, v. National Labor Relations Board;
No. 1320, Misc., October Term, 1963. Jay R. Kurth, peti-
tioner, v. John E. Bennett, Warden;
No. 1324, Misc., October Term, 1963. Frank Hudson, peti-
tioner, v. Frank R. Dickson, Warden;

1
MONDAY, OCTOBER 12, 1964
45
No. 1328, Misc., October Term, 1963. John T. Benton, peti-
tioner, v. Arizona et al.;
No. 1333, Misc., October Term, 1963. John T. Dirring, peti-
tioner, v. United States;
No. 1347, Misc., October Term, 1963. Joe Flores, petitioner,
v. George Beto, Director, Texas Department of Corrections;
No. 1352, Misc., October Term, 1963. Winston Phillip, peti-
tioner, v. North Carolina;
No. 1404, Misc., October Term, 1963. Charles E. Horner, pe-
titioner, v. Florida; and
No. 1416, Misc., October Term, 1963. Roland J. Jackson, pe-
titioner, v. George A. Kropp, Warden. Petitions for rehearing
denied.
No. 1375, Misc., October Term, 1963. Joe Sinette, petitioner,
v. F. R. Dickson, Warden, et al. Motion for leave to file petition
for rehearing denied.
ORAL ARGUMENT
No. 2. Arthur Hamm, Jr., petitioner, v. City of Rock Hill. Argued
by Mr. Jack Greenberg for the petitioner and by Mr. Daniel R. Mc-
Leod for the respondent.
No. 5. Frank James Lupper et al., petitioners, v. Arkansas. Argued
by Mrs. Constance B. Motley for the petitioners and by Mr. Jack L.
Lessenberry for the respondent.
No. 9. Ralph D. Abernathy et al., petitioners, v. Alabama. Argu-
ment commenced by Mr. Louis H. Pollak for the petitioner.
Adjourned until tomorrow at 10 o'clock.
The day call for Tuesday, October 13, 1964, will be as follows: Nos
9, 8, 6, 10, and 11.
☑

TUESDAY, OCTOBER 13, 1964
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
46
Present: Mr. Chief Justice Warren, Mr. Justice Black, Mr. Justice
Douglas, Mr. Justice Clark, Mr. Justice Harlan, Mr. Justice Brennan,
Mr. Justice Stewart, Mr. Justice White, and Mr. Justice Goldberg.
ADMISSION TO THE BAR
James A. Hunt, of Victoria, Tex., on motion of Mr. Joe M. Kilgore;
Grey K. Nelson, of Cleveland, Ohio, Thomas Raymond Skulina, of
Cleveland, Ohio, Dene Lonier Lusby, of Kensington, Md., and Otis D.
James, of Oklahoma City, Okla., on motion of Mr. Joseph F. Spaniol,
Jr.; Robert James Kelly, of Tallahassee, Fla., and James Glennon
Mahorner, of Tallahassee, Fla., on motion of Mr. J. William Norman;
Donald M. Ladd, Jr., of Los Altos, Calif., on motion of Mr. Frederick
Bernays Wiener; Allen J. Roth, of St. Louis, Mo., on motion of Mr.
Bernard Fensterwald, Jr.; John Pope Cole, Jr., of Washington, D.C.,
on motion of Mr. Grover Collins Cooper; Erwin J. Puta, of Naper-
ville, Ill., on motion of Mr. William Ross; William Theodore King,
of Los Angeles, Calif., on motion of Mr. R. Clyde Cruit; Madison B.
Morgan, of Baltimore, Md., and Jan A. Obst, of Baltimore, Md., on
motion of Mr. Henry W. Hartlove; Joseph Rabin, of Beverly Hills,
Calif., on motion of Mr. Richard A. Mullens; Robert Bruce Corpen-
ing, of Los Angeles, Calif., on motion of Mr. John Charles Reid;
Marvin Edward Schlosser, of Washington, D.C., on motion of Mr. Lee
W. Cowan; William Thomas Dooley, Jr., of Arlington, Va., on motion
of Mr. James A. Blalock; Julius C. Jaffe, of Chicago, Ill., on motion
of Mr. Reuben G. Clark, Jr.; Barry Wendell Jackson, of Fairbanks,
Alaska, on motion of Mr. Michael J. Shea; and Sandra E. Scholnick
Swartz, of Brookline, Mass., Ida Fendel Sims, of Revere, Mass., Henry
T. Broderick, of Sterling, Mass., Ralph D. Lider, of New Bedford,
Mass., David Dexter Alperin, of Brookline, Mass., John A. Romano,
of Worcester, Mass., Nicholas S. Aiello, of Worcester, Mass., Leo
Bashara Forzley, of Worcester, Mass., Timothy J. McInerney, of Bos-
ton, Mass., and William Francis Donnelly, of Boston, Mass., on motion
of Mr. Edward M. Dangel, were admitted to practice.
ORAL ARGUMENT
No. 9. Ralph D. Abernathy et al., petitioners, v. Alabama. Argu-
ment continued by Mr. Leslie Hall for the respondent and concluded
by Mr. Louis H. Pollak for the petitioners. Memorandum by re-
spondent to come.
750-278-64-
-8
H
ג'ו

TUESDAY, OCTOBER 13, 1964
47
No. 8. Robert L. Schlagenhauf, petitioner, v. Cale J. Holder,
United States District Judge for the Southern District of Indiana.
Argued by Mr. Robert S. Smith for the petitioner and by Mr. Erle A.
Kightlinger for the respondent.
No. 6. Aaron Henry, petitioner, v. Mississippi. Argued by Miss
Barbara A. Morris for the petitioner and by Mr. G. Garland Lyell, Jr.,
for the respondent.
No. 10. Mabel Gillespie, Administratrix, etc., petitioner, v. United
States Steel Corporation. Argued by Mr. Jack G. Day for the peti-
tioner and by Mr. Thomas V. Koykka for the respondent. Memo-
randa to come.
No. 11. Dewey McLaughlin et al., appellants, v. Florida. Argu-
ment commenced by Mr. William T. Coleman for the appellants.
Adjourned until tomorrow at 10 o'clock.
The day call for Wednesday, October 14, 1964, will be as follows:
Nos. 11, 12, 54, and 13.
1
1

1
WEDNESDAY, OCTOBER 14, 1964
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: Mr. Chief Justice Warren, Mr. Justice Black, Mr. Justice
Douglas, Mr. Justice Clark, Mr. Justice Harlan, Mr. Justice Bren-
nan, Mr. Justice Stewart, Mr. Justice White, and Mr. Justice Goldberg.
ADMISSIONS TO THE BAR
Charles T. Munger, of Los Angeles, Calif., and Charles J. O'Con-
nor, of Chicago, Ill., on motion of Mr. Solicitor General Archibald
Cox; John A. Breslin, Jr., of Maysville, Ky., and John J. Quinn, Jr.,
of Los Angeles, Calif., on motion of Judge Walter Ely; Joseph Reich-
mann, of Los Angeles, Calif., on motion of Mr. Stewart French; Nor-
man Carey Amaker, of New York, N.Y., on motion of Mrs. Constance
Baker Motley; Wilber L. Rowberry, of Idaho Falls, Idaho, on motion
of Mr. J. Dean Mosher; Reagan A. Scurlock, of Bedford, Mass., on
motion of Mr. Donald H. Smith; Dexter S. Odin, of Fairfax, Va., and
Myron Charles Smith, of Fairfax, Va., on motion of Mr. Ralph G.
Louk; Mason Willrich, of San Francisco, Calif., on motion of Mr.
Frederick S. Wyle; John R. Peterson, of Boston, Mass., and Peter T.
Kennedy, of Boston, Mass., on motion of Mr. John Schulman; David
L. Ladd, of Chicago, Ill., on motion of Mr. Joseph Schimmel; Glenn
L. Shinn, of Washington, D.C., on motion of Mr. H. Neil Garson;
Bernard P. Reese, Jr., of Rockford, Ill., on motion of Mr. Charles F.
Simon; J. P. Hammond, of Tulsa, Okla., on motion of Mr. William
J. Grove; Michael L. Haun, of San Francisco, Calif., on motion of Mr.
Alan D. McArthur; J. Frank Martin, Jr., of Los Angeles, Calif., on
motion of Mr. William Wade Beckett; Jesse W. Bush, of Macon, Ga.,
on motion of Mr. Joseph H. Davis; Charles Stafford Lynch, of Toledo,
Ohio, on motion of Mr. Joseph A. DeGrandi; and John G. Hanes, of
Cheyenne, Wyo., on motion of Mr. Samuel W. Warner, were admitted
to practice.
No. 11. Dewey McLaughlin et al., appellants, v. Florida. Argu-
ment continued by Mr. William T. Coleman and Mr. Louis H. Pollak
for the appellants, by Mr. James G. Mahorner for the appellee and
concluded by Mr. William T. Coleman for the appellants.
No. 12. Bayard Edward Ryan, petitioner, v. United States.
Argued by Mr. William R. Bagby for the petitioner and by Mr. Bruce
J. Terris for the respondent.
No. 54. United States et al., petitioners, v. Max Powell et al.
Argument commenced by Mr. Bruce J. Terris for the petitioners and
continued by Mr. Bernard G. Segal for the respondents.
750-278-64--9
48
་་་ནི

WEDNESDAY, OCTOBER 14, 1964
49
Adjourned until tomorrow at 10 o'clock.
The day call for Thursday, October 15, 1964, will be as follows:
Nos. 54, 13, 18, 15, and 16.
✓

THURSDAY, OCTOBER 15, 1964
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
50
Present: Mr. Chief Justice Warren, Mr. Justice Black, Mr. Justice
Douglas, Mr. Justice Clark, Mr. Justice Harlan, Mr. Justice Brennan,
Mr. Justice Stewart, Mr. Justice White, and Mr. Justice Goldberg.
ADMISSIONS TO THE BAR
Sidney W. Provensal, Jr., of New Orleans, La., on motion of Mr.
Gillis W. Long; Wilson F. Collier, of Bethesda, Md., on motion of
Mr. Joseph F. Spaniol, Jr.; John Dickey, of New York, N.Y., on
motion of Mr. Max O. Truitt, Jr.; Frank Russell Douglass, of Austin,
Tex., and Charles D. Post, of Boston, Mass., on motion of Mr. Louis
Fenner Claiborne; Glen T. Mitchell, of Millbrae, Calif., on motion of
Mr. Stewart French; Bernard E. Mahon, of Washington, D.C., on
motion of Mrs. Ann Dodge Goodbee; Lillian Ward Long, of Cleveland,
Ohio, on motion of Mr. Jay B. White; Benjamin Louis Zelenko, of
New York, N.Y., on motion of Mr. William R. Foley; George Elwood
McCullough, of Topeka, Kans., on motion of Mr. Tim L. Bornstein;
Edward V. Cain, of Cleveland, Ohio, and Thomas J. Italiano, of
Cleveland, Ohio, on motion of Mr. James R. Willis; Anthony Victor
Leanza, of Cleveland, Ohio, and Daniel Joseph O'Loughlin, of Cleve-
land, Ohio, on motion of Mr. William Thomas McKnight; C. H. Kuhn,
of Grosse Ile, Mich., and Robert E. Dunn, of Trenton, Mich., on mo-
tion of Mr. James W. Dent; Robert George Jaros, of Chicago, Ill., and
Charles Raymond Winkler, of Chicago, Ill., on motion of Mr. Edward
R. Kenney; Theodore W. Anderson, Jr., of Chicago, Ill., on motion
of Mr. George A. Arkwright, Jr.; and Richard A. Munnecke, of Pasa-
dena, Calif., on motion of Mr. John Anthony Finken, were admitted
to practice.
ORAL ARGUMENT
No. 54. United States et al., petitioners, v. Max Powell et al.
Argument continued by Mr. Bernard G. Segal for the respondents
and concluded by Mr. Bruce J. Terris for the petitioners.
No. 13. United States, petitioner, v. Jackie Hamilton Gainey et al.
Argued by Mr. Louis F. Claiborne for the petitioner and by Mr.
Joseph H. Davis for the respondents.
No. 18. William Beck, petitioner, v. Ohio. Argued by Mr. James
R. Willis for the petitioner and by Mr. William T. McKnight for the
respondent.
750-278-64--10
1

THURSDAY, OCTOBER 15, 1964
51
No. 15. National Labor Relations Board, petitioner, v. Burnup and
Sims, Inc. Argued by Mr. Arnold Ordman for the petitioner and by
Mr. Erle Phillips for the respondent.
Adjourned until Monday, October 19, 1964, at 10 o'clock.
The day call for Monday, October 19, 1964, will be as follows: Nos.
16, 4, 14, and 17.
☑
i
1
1

MONDAY, OCTOBER 19, 1964
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
52
Present: Mr. Chief Justice Warren, Mr. Justice Black, Mr. Justice
Douglas, Mr. Justice Clark, Mr. Justice Harlan, Mr. Justice Brennan,
Mr. Justice Stewart, Mr. Justice White, and Mr. Justice Goldberg.
ADMISSIONS TO THE BAR
Thomas R. Sheridan, of Los Angeles, Calif., Timothy Martin Thorn-
ton, of Los Angeles, Calif., Paul David Lunde, of Ames, Iowa, Ber-
nard J. O'Reilly, of St. Louis, Mo., Irving Kagan, of New York, N.Y.,
Milliard Eugene Farley, of Cleveland, Ohio, Charles Douglas George,
of Miami, Fla., Richard Harold Slemmer, of Columbus, Ohio, David
Milne IV, of Philadelphia, Pa., Robert W. Hamilton, of Austin, Tex.,
James Edwin Knox, Jr., of Chicago, Ill., Robert P. Gorman, of
Newark, N.J., Thomas Cecil Wray, Jr., of New York, N.Y., Ernest
Rubenstein, of New York, N.Y., Malachy T. Mahon, of New York,
N.Y., Stuart Walker Thayer, of New York, N.Y., William D. Powell,
of Dallas, Tex., and Thomas Lawrence Tolan, Jr., of Milwaukee, Wis.,
on motion of Mr. Solicitor General Archibald Cox; Alice L. O'Donnell,
of Washington, D.C., and Larry Eugene Temple, of Austin, Tex., on
motion of Mr. William Ramsey Clark; Joseph E. Forch, of Indi-
anapolis, Ind., Dennis Leroy Runyan, of Warsaw, Ind., and Jonathan
J. Robertson, of Seymour, Ind., on motion of Mr. Birch Bayh; Charles
L. Norris, of Washington, D.C., on motion of Judge Godfrey L.
Munter; John F. Weisser, Jr., of Salem, Oreg., on motion of Mr.
William Berg, Jr.; John Sholar Langford, Jr., of Atlanta, Ga., on
motion of Mr. William A. Sutherland; Henry William McCarr, Jr.,
of Minneapolis, Minn., on motion of Mr. Theodore George Gilinsky;
Ralphine Ronald Staring, of Washington, D.C., on motion of Mr.
Merlin H. Staring; Burton Seymour Rosky, of Los Angeles, Calif.,
and David W. Slavitt, of Los Angeles, Calif., on motiton of Mr. Paul
E. Treusch; Harry L. Albrecht, of Washington, D.C., on motion of
Mr. Lawrence H. Gall; Charles Cavano, of Cleveland, Ohio, on motion
of Mr. William Tyson; Robert Joseph Robertory, of North Bergen,
N.J., on motion of Mr. Edwin R. Fischer; Arthur L. Murray, of
Boston, Mass., on motion of Mr. Beverly Singleton Simms; Benjamin
Paul, of Philadelphia, Pa., on motion of Mr. Lipman Redman; Gar-
land R. Rolling, of Metairie, La., on motion of Mr. A. Robert Thei-
bault; and James J. Foley, of Des Moines, Iowa, on motion of Mr.
Wilbur J. Smolka, were admitted to practice.
750-278-64--11

MONDAY, OCTOBER 19, 1964
The Chief Justice said:
53
"The orders of the Court have been certified by the Chief Justice
and filed with the Clerk and will not be announced orally."
OPINIONS PER CURIAM
No. 228. Safeway Trails, Inc., appellant, v. David D. Furman, etc.,
et al. Appeal from the Supreme Court of New Jersey. The motion
to dismiss is granted and the appeal is dismissed for want of jurisdic-
tion. Treating the papers whereon the appeal was taken as a petition
for writ of certiorari, certiorari is denied. Opinion per curiam.
No. 288. Alhambra Trucking Co. et al., appellants, v. Public Util-
ities Commission of California. Appeal from the Supreme Court of
California. The appeal is dismissed for want of a substantial federal
question. Opinion per curiam.
No. 311. Dixie Feed and Seed Company, Inc., et al., appellants, v.
Stanifer G. Byrd. Appeal from the Court of Appeals of Tennessee.
The motion to dismiss is granted and the appeal is dismissed for want
of a substantial federal question. Opinion per curiam.
No. 327. Nicholas Mamula, appellant, v. United Steelworkers of
America et al. Appeal from the Supreme Court of Pennsylvania,
Western District. The motion to dismiss is granted and the appeal
is dismissed for want of jurisdiction. Treating the papers whereon
the appeal was taken as a petition for writ of certiorari, certiorari is
denied. Opinion per curiam. Mr. Justice Brennan is of the opinion
that the appeal should be dismissed but in treating the papers as a
petition for writ of certiorari, certiorari should be granted Mr. Jus-
tice Goldberg took no part in the consideration or decision of this case.
No. 483. Charles E. Boineau, Jr., et al., appellants, v. O. Frank
Thornton, Secretary of State of South Carolina, et al. Appeal from
the United States District Court for the Eastern District of South
Carolina. The motion to affirm is granted and the judgment is
affirmed. Opinion per curiam.
No. 312, Misc. Isabella Bohman, appellant, v. City of Boston,
Real Estate Commission. Appeal from the Superior Court of Massa-
chusetts. The appeal is dismissed for want of a substantial federal
question. Opinion per curiam.
No. 313, Misc. Isabella Bohman, appellant, v. Peutucket Five
Cent Saving Bank. Appeal from the Supreme Judicial Court of
Massachusetts. The appeal is dismissed for want of a substantial
federal question. Opinion per
Opinion per curiam.

MONDAY, OCTOBER 19, 1964
ORDERS IN PENDING CASES
54
No. 17, Original. State of Nebraska, plaintiff, v. State of Iowa.
This case is set down for argument on the motion for leave to file a
bill of complaint.
No. 46. People of the State of California et al., petitioners, v.
Lo-Vaca Gathering Company et al.;
No. 47. Southern California Gas Company et al., petitioners, v.
Lo-Vaca Gathering Company et al.; and
No. 57. Federal Power Commission, petitioner, v. Lo-Vaca Gather-
ing Company et al. The motion of respondent, Lo-Vaca Gathering
Company, to defer oral argument is denied. Mr. Justice White took
no part in the consideration or decision of this motion.
CERTIORARI GRANTED
No. 363. Lucy C. Simons, petitioner, v. Miami Beach First Na-
tional Bank, etc. Petition for writ of certiorari to the District Court
of Appeal of Florida, Third District, granted.
No. 291. Minnesota Mining and Manufacturing Company, peti-
tioner v. New Jersey Wood Finishing Company. Petition for writ of
certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the Third
Circuit granted. The Solicitor General is invited to file a brief ex-
pressing the views of the United States.
No. 345. Maryland for the use of Nadine Y. Levin, Sydney L.
Johns et al., petitioners, v. United States. Petition for writ of certi-
orari to the United States Court of Appeals for the Third Circuit
granted and case placed on the summary calendar.
No. 347. Max Jaben, petitioner, v. United States. Petition for
writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the Eighth
Circuit granted and case placed on the summary calendar.
No. 348. Marc D. Leh, etc., et al., petitioners, v. General Petroleum
Corporation et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit granted limited to Question
6 presented by the petition which reads as follows:
"Whether the statute of limitations was tolled by Section 5 of the
Clayton Act during the pendency of the Government's action in
United States v. Standard Oil Company of California et al. (Civil
No. 11584-C)?”
The case is placed on the summary calendar.
CERTIORARI DENIED
No. 133. Maurice Steingold, Executor of the Estate of Samuel A.
Steingold, et al., petitioners, v. Capital Airlines, Inc., et al. Petition
for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of New York, Kings
County, denied.
'
#

MONDAY, OCTOBER 19, 1964
55
No. 254. Dixie Portland Flour Mills, Inc., petitioner, v. Stanifer
G. Byrd. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals of
Tennessee denied.
No. 285. Jack Baer, petitioner, v. United States. Petition for writ
of certiorari to the United States Court of Claims denied.
No. 301. Elmer J. Day, petitioner, v. Northwest Division 1055 of
the Amalgamated Association of Street, Electric Railway and Motor
Coach Employees of America, et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to
the Supreme Court of Oregon denied.
No. 305. Ana del Valle et al., petitioners, v. Hotel and Restaurant
Employees and Bartenders International Union, AFL-CIO, et al.
Petitioner for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the First Circuit denied.
No. 306. The Pennsylvania Railroad Company, petitioner, v. Chi-
cago Express, Incorporated. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
United States Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit denied.
No. 308. Nick Chournos et al., petitioners, v. United States. Peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for
the Tenth Circuit denied.
No. 310. C. Gordon Anderson, as Trustee for TMT Trailer Ferry,
Inc., et al., petitioners, v. United States. Petition for writ of cer-
tiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit
denied.
No. 328. Samuel G. Beno, petitioner, v. United States. Petition
for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the
Second Circuit denied.
No. 332. Louis Gladstein, petitioner, v. United States. Petition
for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the
Second Circuit denied.
No. 334. Local Union No. 12405, District 50, United Mine Workers,
et al., petitioners, v. Martin Marietta Corp. et al. Petition for writ
of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the Seventh
Circuit denied.
No. 335. R. H. Wright, Inc., et al., petitioners, v. United States.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 336. William Paul Krueger, petitioner, v. United States.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the Eighth Circuit denied.
No. 338. Renee Bins, petitioner, v. United States. Petition for
writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the Fifth
Circuit denied.

MONDAY, OCTOBER 19, 1964
56
No. 350. Isidore Balaban et al., petitioners, v. Max J. Rubin et al.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals of New York
denied.
No. 430. Max Manny Elgisser, petitioner, v. United States. Peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for
the Second Circuit denied.
No. 103. Twentieth Century-Fox Film Corporation et al., peti-
tioners, v. Samuel Goldwyn et al., doing business as Goldwyn Pro-
ductions, etc. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit denied. Mr. Justice Douglas
took no part in the consideration or decision of this petition.
No. 120. Rita Gottesman et al., petitioners, v. General Motors Cor-
poration et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit denied. Mr. Justice Harlan
took no part in the consideration or decision of this petition.
No. 383. Margot B. Schiff, etc., et al., petitioners, v. Honorable
Charles M. Metzner, District Judge of the United States for the
Southern District of New York, et al. Petition for writ of certiorari
to the United States Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit denied.
Mr. Justice Harlan took no part in the consideration or decision of this
petition.
No. 278. Monolith Portland Cement Company, petitioner, v. Pub-
lic Utilities Commission of California et al. The motion of The Atchi-
son, Topeka and Santa Fe Railway to be added as a party respondent
is granted. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of
California denied.
No. 302. National Labor Relations Board, petitioner, v. Wellington
Mill Division, West Point Manufacturing Company. Petition for
writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the Fourth
Circuit denied. Mr. Justice Goldberg took no part in the consideration
or decision of this petition.
No. 343. Fred A. Alexander et al., petitioners, v. Pacific Maritime
Association et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit denied. Mr. Justice Black
and Mr. Justice Douglas are of the opinion that certiorari should be
granted.
No. 7, Misc. John Kenneth Real, petitioner, v. United States.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the Tenth Circuit denied.
No. 36, Misc. James Ronald Preble, petitioner, v. Texas. Peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the Court of Criminal Appeals of Texas
denied.

MONDAY, OCTOBER 19, 1964
57
No. 43, Misc. James Berryhill, petitioner, v. Ray H. Page,
Warden, et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Crimi-
nal Appeals of Oklahoma denied.
No. 135, Misc. Joseph Pagano, petitioner, v. Walter W. Fitz-
patrick, Warden, et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United
States Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit denied.
No. 270, Misc. Willard M. Cannon, petitioner, v. Maryland. Peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals of Maryland denied.
No. 306, Misc. Edwin Codarre, petitioner, v. New York. Petition
for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals of New York denied.
No. 352, Misc. Clair D. Sullivan, petitioner, v. Frank A. Eyman,
Warden. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of
Arizona denied.
No. 361, Misc. Nicholas Logan, petitioner, v. Donald B. Peterson,
Superintendent, Fulton State Hospital. Petition for writ of certiorari
to the Supreme Court of Missouri denied.
No. 365, Misc. Isaac J. Tindle, petitioner, v. United States. Peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for
the District of Columbia Circuit denied.
No. 366, Misc. Thomas Murray Burge, etc., petitioner, v. United
States. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of
Appeals for the Eighth Circuit denied.
No. 374, Misc. Ora E. Gaines, petitioner, v. United States. Peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for
the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 117, Misc. Percy Pruitt, petitioner, v. United States. Peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for
the Seventh Circuit denied. Mr. Justice Douglas is of the opinion
that certiorari should be granted.
LEAVE TO FILE PETITIONS FOR WRITS OF HABEAS CORPUS DENIED
No. 156, Misc. Charles E. Jenkins, petitioner, v. Maryland;
No. 159, Misc. Andrew Bellue, petitioner, v. Ellis C. Mac-
Dougall, Director, Department of Corrections; and
No. 336, Misc. Albert Eugene Hawkins, petitioner, v. Director,
Patuxent Institution. Motions for leave to file petitions for writs of
habeas corpus denied.
No. 432, Misc. Robert Blackburn, petitioner, v. L. L. Wainwright,
Director, Florida Division of Corrections; and
No. 439, Misc. Benjamin Lewis Cranner, Jr., petitioner, v. L. L.
Wainwright, Director, Division of Corrections. Motions for leave to
Treating the papers
file petitions for writs of habeas corpus denied.
submitted as petitions for writs of certiorari, certiorari is denied.

MONDAY, OCTOBER 19, 1964
RECESS ORDER
58
The Court will take a recess from Monday, October 26, 1964, until
Monday, November 9, 1964.
ORAL ARGUMENT
No. 16. Elizabeth Simonson King, etc., et al., petitioners, v. United
States. Argued by Mr. David S. Bate for the petitioners and by Mr.
Alan S. Rosenthal for the respondent.
No. 4. Jim Garrison, appellant, v. Louisiana. Reargued by Mr.
Eberhard P. Deutsch for the appellant and by Mr. Jack P. F. Gremil-
lion for the appellee.
No. 14. Fibreboard Paper Products Corporation, petitioner, v.
National Labor Relations Board et al. Argued by Mr. Marion B.
Plant for the petitioner and by Mr. Solicitor General Cox and Mr.
David E. Feller for the respondents.
Adjourned until tomorrow at 10 o'clock.
The day call for Tuesday, October 20, 1964, will be as follows: Nos.
17, 20, and 22.
✓
H

TUESDAY, OCTOBER 20, 1964
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
59
Present: Mr. Chief Justice Warren, Mr. Justice Black, Mr. Justice
Douglas, Mr. Justice Clark, Mr. Justice Harlan, Mr. Justice Brennan,
Mr. Justice Stewart, Mr. Justice White, and Mr. Justice Goldberg.
ADMISSIONS TO THE BAR
Donald L. Benson, of Alva, Okla., on motion of Mr. J. Howard Ed-
mondson; Virgil H. Wedge, of Reno, Nev., on motion of Miss Eva B.
Adams; William R. Federici, of Santa Fe, N. Mex., on motion of Mr.
Robert C. McConnell; Arthur A. Kest, of Cleveland, Ohio, on motion
of Mr. Spencer B. Michael; Joseph Sacks, of Brooklyn, N.Y., on mo-
tion of Mr. Frederick Albert Tilton; George M. Chapman, of New
York, N.Y., and Mercer Logan Stockell, of New York, N.Y., on motion
of Mr. James Fulton Hoge; Charles C. Countryman, of Yakima,
Wash., and Elwood Hutcheson, of Yakima, Wash., on motion of Mr.
Edward S. Irons; Lawrence Dale Kidwell, of Wichita, Kans., and
George W. Ball, of Wichita, Kans., on motion of Mr. Richard Arnold
Mullens; Edgar Wallace Breisch, Jr., of Pittsburgh, Pa., and Terrell
Louis Ruhlman, of Pittsburgh, Pa., on motion of Mr. William D.
Hall; and Paul Firestone, of Boston, Mass., John Jay Gardner, of
Boston, Mass., Harold Karp, of Boston, Mass., and Louis Karp, of
Boston, Mass., on motion of Mr. Arthur L. Murray, were admitted to
practice.
ORAL ARGUMENT
No. 17. Jesse M. Calhoon, as President, or Herbert W. Peters, as
Secretary-Treasurer of District No. 1, National Marine Engineers'
Beneficial Association, AFL-CIO, petitioner, v. Raymond H. Harvey
et al., Individually and on Behalf of Other Persons Similarly Situ-
ated. Argued by Mr. David Scribner for the petitioner and by Mr.
Burton H. Hall for the respondents.
No. 20. Walter C. Brulotte et al., petitioners, v. Thys Company.
Argued by Mr. Edward S. Irons for the petitioners and by Mr. Elwood
Hutcheson for the respondent.
Mr. Solicitor General Cox addressed the Court as follows:
"Mr. Chief Justice:
"It is with sadness that I inform the Court of the death, late this
morning, of Herbert Hoover, the thirty-first President of the United
750-278-84--12
'

TUESDAY, OCTOBER 20, 1964
60
States. He served his country unstintingly and with great distinction
both before and after, as well as during, his Presidency. His death,
while not wholly unanticipated, will be a shock not only to his fellow
countrymen but also to millions of people in other lands whose suffer-
ing after the ravages of war he did so much to ease.
"I move that the Court do now recess as a mark of respect to the
memory of the former President."
The Chief Justice said:
"Mr. Solicitor General:
"It is with sadness that the Court receives from you the news of the
passing of this great American.
"President Hoover had a long and purposeful life-one of dedi-
cated service to this Nation and to the world. People of every race on
every continent of the earth are indebted to him for alleviating much
of their suffering which resulted from the two most devastating wars
in history.
"I am sure they, too, will mourn his passing, as we do.
"It is appropriate that you, Mr. Solicitor General, should make this
motion, and the Court takes some consolation from the fact that it can,
in granting it, pay its respect and veneration to his memory. Accord-
ingly, the Court will transact no further business today and will stand
adjourned until tomorrow."
Adjourned until tomorrow at 10 o'clock.
The day call for Wednesday, October 21, 1964, will be as follows:
Nos. 22, 24, and 49.

WEDNESDAY, OCTOBER 21, 1964
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
61
Present: Mr. Chief Justice Warren, Mr. Justice Black, Mr. Justice
Douglas, Mr. Justice Clark, Mr. Justice Harlan, Mr. Justice Brennan,
Mr. Justice Stewart, Mr. Justice White, and Mr. Justice Goldberg.
ADMISSIONS TO THE BAR
Ware Adams, of Chicago, Ill., Edward R. Lev, of Chicago, Ill.,
Glenn E. Woodard, of El Paso, Tex., and John Theodore Kipp, of
Dallas, Tex., on motion of Mr. Solicitor General Archibald Cox;
Carrington Shields, of Washington, D.C., and Viola C. Heaney, of
Santa Barbara, Calif., on motion of Mrs. Maurine Howard Abernathy;
Arnold M. Lerman, of Washington, D.C., on motion of Mr. John H.
Pickering; George R. Hillsinger, of Los Angeles, Calif., on motion
of Mr. Charles E. Pledger; Jay Martin Wordes, of Miami, Fla., on
motion of Mr. Leonard B. Sussholz; Allan George Siegel, of Wash-
ington, D.C., on motion of Mr. Stuart Rothman; Thomas E. Kennedy,
of Northbrook, Ill., on motion of Mr. Thomas V. Moore; David M.
Vaughan, of Atlanta, Ga., on motion of Mr. Charles Patrick Clark;
and Thomas M. Stewart, of Boulder, Colo., on motion of Mr. Alan
D. McArthur, were admitted to practice.
ORAL ARGUMENT
No. 22. All States Freight, Inc., et al., appellants, v. New York,
New Haven and Hartford Railroad Company, et al. Two hours and
forty minutes allowed for oral argument. Argued by Mr. Homer S.
Carpenter for the appellants, by Mr. Robert W. Ginnane for the
United States of America and the Interstate Commerce Commission,
and by Mr. Edward A. Kaier and Mr. Eugene E. Hunt for the
appellees.
No. 24. B. Elton Cox, appellant, v. Louisiana. Argued by Mr.
Carl Rachlin for the appellant and by Mr. Ralph L. Roy for the ap-
pellee. Memorandum to come.
No. 49. B. Elton Cox, appellant, v. Louisiana. Argument com-
menced by Mr. Nils Douglas for the appellant.
Adjourned until tomorrow at 10 o'clock.
The day call for Thursday, October 22, 1964, will be as follows:
Nos. 49, 31, and 34.
☑
750-278-64-13

THURSDAY, OCTOBER 22, 1964
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
62
Present: Mr. Chief Justice Warren, Mr. Justice Black, Mr. Justice
Douglas, Mr. Justice Clark, Mr. Justice Harlan, Mr. Justice Brennan,
Mr. Justice Stewart, Mr. Justice White, and Mr. Justice Goldberg.
ADMISSIONS TO THE BAR
Stephen Richard Pratt, of Kansas City, Mo., on motion of Mr.
Solictor General Archibald Cox; Turner Hudson McBaine, of San
Francisco, Calif., and Robert J. Bowman, of Laguna Beach, Calif.,
on motion of Mr. Francis R. Kirkham; Gilbert H. Weil, of New York,
N.Y., on motion of Mr. Melville Ehrlich; Mahlon F. Perkins, Jr.,
of New York, N.Y., on motion of Mr. Fred D. Turnage; Hector
Anninos, of San Francisco, Calif., and Oscar Walker, of Bangor,
Maine, on motion of Mr. John Thomas Murphy; Edward Baxter
Marsh, of Washington, D.C., on motion of Mr. Harry W. Frazee;
Arthur H. Snyder, of Hutchinson, Kans., on motion of Mr. Justin
R. Wolf; Allen M. Mesirow, of Washington, D.C., on motion of Mr.
Joshua Egelson; Rex Earl Shoop, of San Francisco, Calif., on motion
of Mr. Paul E. Hadlick; and Paul H. Cullinan, of Easton, Conn.,
on motion of Mr. Charles H. Vaughn, were admitted to practice.
ORAL ARGUMENT
No. 49. B. Elton Cox, appellant, v. Louisiana. Argument con-
tinued by Mr. Ralph L. Roy for the appellee and concluded by Mr.
Nils Douglas for the appellant.
No. 31. Brotherhood of Railway and Steamship Clerks, Freight
Handlers, Express and Station Employes, petitioner, v. United Air
Lines, Inc. Two hours allowed for oral argument. Argued by Mr.
James L. Highsaw, Jr., for the petitioner, by Mr. Solicitor General
Cox for the United States, as amicus curiae, by special leave of Court,
and by Mr. Stuart Bernstein for the respondent.
No. 34. Stewart L. Udall, Secretary of the Interior, petitioner, v.
James K. Tallman et al. Argument commenced by Mr. Wayne G.
Barnett for the petitioner.
Adjourned until Monday, October 26, 1964, at 10 o'clock.
The day call for Monday, October 26, 1964, will be as follows:
No. 34.
☑
750-278-64-14

MONDAY, OCTOBER 26, 1964
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
63
Present: Mr. Chief Justice Warren, Mr. Justice Black, Mr. Justice
Douglas, Mr. Justice Clark, Mr. Justice Harlan, Mr. Justice Brennan,
Mr. Justice Stewart, Mr. Justice White, and Mr. Justice Goldberg.
ADMISSIONS TO THE BAR
James A. Chatz, of Chicago, Ill., Harry Ander, of Brooklyn, N.Y.,
Jacob B. Tanzer, of Portland, Oreg., and Harold Sterling Fardal, of
Seattle, Wash., on motion of Mr. Solicitor General Archibald Cox;
Julian Danford Anthony, Jr., of Hartford, Conn., on motion of Judge
Bruce Miller Forrester; Margaret R. Bates, of Denver, Colo., on
motion of Mr. Kahl K. Spriggs; Philip Walter Marquardt, of Tuc-
son, Ariz., on motion of Mr. Roy Dale Adcock; William McWhorter
Cochrane, of Chapel Hill, N.C., and Philip Palmer Green, Jr., of
Chapel Hill, N.C., on motion of Mr. Hugh Q. Alexander; John
Harvey Quinn, Jr., of Washington, D.C., on motion of Mr. A. Dun-
can Whitaker; John H. Hall, of Los Angeles, Calif., on motion of
Mr. Frederick A. Ballard; Richard Aron Levin, of East Orange, N.J.,
on motion of Mr. Frank Ira Goodman; J. T. Vaughan, Jr., of Dallas,
Tex., on motion of Mr. William P. McClure; H. Richard Bixby, of
Yarmouth, Maine, on motion of Mr. J. David Mann, Jr.; Myron
Woodrum Solter, of Washington, D.C., and Alan D. Hutchison, of
Washington, D.C., on motion of Mr. James R. Sharp; James K.
Tallman, of Anchorage, Alaska, on motion of Mr. Robert L. McCarty;
Wm. E. Morrow, Jr., of Omaha, Nebr., on motion of Mr. Edward T.
Tait; Arthur Albert Marshall, Jr., of Seabrook, Md., on motion of
Mr. Richard E. Painter; Homer Earl Capehart, Jr., of Indianapolis,
Ind., on motion of Mr. Don V. Harris, Jr.; and Peter J. Adolph,
of Newton, Mass., M. David Hyman, of New York, N.Y., Leonard H.
Rossen, of Silver Spring, Md., and Stanley Sporkin, of Washington,
D.C., on motion of Mr. Irving M. Pollack, were admitted to practice.
The Chief Justice said:
"The orders of the Court have been certified by the Chief Justice
and filed with the Clerk and will not be announced orally."
OPINIONS PER CURIAM
No. 23. Filippo Giova, etc., petitioner, v. George K. Rosenberg,
District Director of Immigration and Naturalization Service, Los
750-278-64--15

MONDAY, OCTOBER 26, 1964
64
Angeles. On writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the Ninth Circuit. Upon consideration of the submission of the
United States that the judgment should be reversed and cause re-
manded with directions to entertain the petition for review, and upon
examination of the entire record, judgment reversed and case remanded
to the United States Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit with
directions to entertain the petition for review. Opinion per curiam.
No. 353. Burdwell H. Shipe et al., appellants, v. Thomas J. Bren-
nan. Appeal from the Supreme Court of Pennsylvania, Middle Dis-
trict. The motion to dismiss is granted and the appeal is dismissed
for want of a substantial federal question. Opinion per curiam.
No. 386. Gladys Quander Tancil et al., appellants, v. William P.
Woolls and Franklin P. Backus, Judges of the Corporation Court
of the City of Alexandria, Virginia; and
No. 412. Virginia State Board of Elections et al., appellants, v.
E. Leslie Hamm et al. Appeals from the United States District Court
for the Eastern District of Virginia. The motion to affirm in No. 412
is granted and the judgment is affirmed. Opinion per curiam. Mr.
Justice Harlan is of the opinion that probable jurisdiction should be
noted. Mr. Justice Brennan is of the opinion that probable jurisdic-
tion should be noted in No. 386.
ORDERS IN PENDING CASES
No. 52. James A. Dombrowski et al., appellants, v. James H.
Pfister, etc., et al. The motion of National Lawyers Guild for leave
to file a brief, as amicus curiae, is granted.
No. 590. Henry R. Ahlers, petitioner, v. United States. The peti-
tion for stay is denied.
APPEAL JURISDICTION NOTED
No. 390. Ozark Butane Company, Inc., appellant, v. Oklahoma
Liquefied Petroleum Gas Board et al. Appeal from the United
States District Court for the Western District of Oklahoma. In this
case probable jurisdiction is noted and the case is placed on the sum-
mary calendar.
CERTIORARI GRANTED
No. 355. Bernard Susser et al., petitioners, v. Carvel Corporation
et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of
Appeals for the Second Circuit granted.
No. 237. Commissioner of Internal Revenue, petitioner, v. Robert
Lee Merritt et ux., et al. Petition for a writ of certiorari to the
United States Court of Appeals for the Fourth Circuit granted.
Case consolidated with No. 134 and a total of one and one-half hours
allotted for oral argument of both cases.
Mr. Justice Black took no part
in the
consideration or decision of this motion.

MONDAY, OCTOBER 26, 1964
65
No. 352. General Motors Corporation, petitioner, v. District of
Columbia. The motions of Associated Industries of New York
State, Inc.; Bethlehem Steel Company; The National Association of
Manufacturers; Automobile Manufacturers Association, Inc.; and The
Electronic Industries Association for leave to file briefs, as amicus
curiae, are granted. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United
States Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia granted and
case placed on the summary calendar.
No. 365. Michael C. Sansone, petitioner, v. United States. Peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for
the Eighth Circuit granted limited to Questions 1 and 2 presented
by the petition which read as follows:
"1. Whether the willful delivery of a false income tax return, a
misdemeanor under section 7207 of the Internal Revenue Code of
1954, is a lesser included offense within section 7201 thereof, making
it a felony to willfully attempt in any manner to evade one's income
tax, and whether a defendant is entitled under Rule 31 (c) of this Fed-
eral Rule of Criminal Procedure to a lesser offense instruction with
respect thereto.
"2. Whether the willful failure to pay one's income tax, a mis-
demeanor under section 7203 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1954,
is a lesser included offense within section 7201 thereof making it a
felony to willfully attempt in any manner to evade one's income
tax, and whether a defendant is entitled under Rule 31(c) of the
Federal Rules of Criminal Procedure to a lesser offense instruction
with respect thereto."
The case is placed on the summary calendar.
CERTIORARI DENIED
No. 354. Thomas C. Ballagh et ux., petitioners, v. United States.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Claims
☐ denied.
No. 356. The Acro Manufacturing Company, petitioner, v. Com-
missioner of Internal Revenue. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
United States Court of Appeals for the Sixth Circuit denied.
No. 358. Buckhead Theatre Corporation et al., petitioners, v. At-
lanta Enterprises, Inc., et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
United States Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 359. Robert Mims, petitioner, v. United States. Petition for
writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the Tenth
Circuit denied.
No. 366. The Philip Carey Manufacturing Company (Miami Cabi-
net Division), petitioner, v. National Labor Relations Board et al.;
and

MONDAY, OCTOBER 26, 1964
66
No. 370. International Union, United Automobile, Aerospace and
Agricultural Implement Workers of America, UAW-AFL-CIO, and
its Local 689, petitioners, v. The Philip Carey Manufacturing Com-
pany, Miami Cabinet Division, et al. Petitions for writs of certiorari
to the United States Court of Appeals for the Sixth Circuit denied.
No. 368. Anthony P. Miller, Inc., et al., petitioners, v. Walter S.
Kozdranski Co., Inc., et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Ap-
pellate Division of the Supreme Court of New York, Fourth Judicial
Department, denied.
No. 371. Alvin H. Frankel, Guardian of the Estate of Carol Till-
man, a minor, petitioner, v. Edward Hoge Vick, M.D., et al. Petition
for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the
Third Circuit denied.
No. 373. The Great Lakes Towing Company, petitioner, v. Ameri-
can Steamship Company. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
United States Court of Appeals for the Seventh Circuit denied.
No. 374. Monroe Auto Equipment Company, petitioner, v. Hecke-
thorn Manufacturing & Supply Company. Petition for writ of certi-
orari of the United States Court of Appeals for the Sixth Circuit
denied.
No. 375. Harold A. Swanson, petitioner, v. United States. Peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Claims denied.
No. 376. Local 542, International Union of Operating Engineers,
AFL-CIO, petitioner, v. National Labor Relations Board. Petition
for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the
Third Circuit denied.
No. 378. Harold Kanter, petitioner, v. United States. Petition for
writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the Sec-
ond Circuit denied.
No. 382. Walter E. Banton, Jr., et al., petitioners, v. United States.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Claims
denied.
No. 384. George Gentilli, petitioner, v. Mortimer M. Caplin, Com-
missioner of Internal Revenue, et al. Petition for writ of certiorari
to the United States Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia
Circuit denied.
No. 389. Lionel Marquez, petitioner, v. United States. Petition
for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the
Second Circuit denied.
No. 377. Rockwell Manufacturing Company, Kearney Division,
petitioner, v. National Labor Relations Board. Petition for writ of
certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the Seventh Cir-
cuit denied. Mr. Justice Goldberg took no part in the consideration
or decision of this petition.

MONDAY, OCTOBER 26, 1964
67
No. 143, Misc. John Joseph Duffy, petitioner, v. New York.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals of New York
denied.
No. 144, Misc. Albert Harris, petitioner, v. Arkansas; and
No. 155, Misc. Orion Trotter, petitioner, v. Arkansas. Petitions
for writs of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Arkansas denied.
No. 168, Misc. George Edward Chatfield, petitioner, v. George B.
Harris, United States District Judge, et al. Petition for writ of cer-
tiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit
denied.
No. 175, Misc. Hassie Cane Martin, petitioner, v. Kentucky et al.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the Sixth Circuit denied.
No. 188, Misc. Walter Hall, petitioner, v. Illinois. Petition for
writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the Sev-
enth Circuit denied.
No. 192, Misc. Frank Anthony Carcerano, petitioner, v. Clarence
T. Gladden, Warden. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United
States Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit denied.
No. 201, Misc. Albert Dixon, petitioner, v. Frank J. Pate, Warden.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the Seventh Circuit denied.
No. 244, Misc. Andres H. Gonzalez, petitioner, v. California
Adult Authority. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court
of California denied.
No. 254, Misc. Charles Glover Warnock, petitioner, v. California.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of California
denied.
No. 261, Misc. Joseph M. Blaich, petitioner, v. California et al.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of California
denied.
No. 264, Misc. Robert E. Morgan, petitioner, v. California. Peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of California denied.
No. 284, Misc. Joseph Savage, petitioner, v. United States. Peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the
Second Circuit denied.
No. 309, Misc. Edward Cassone, petitioner, v. New York. Peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals of New York denied.
No. 396, Misc. Anthony Cappuccio, petitioner, v. New York.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals of New York
denied.

MONDAY, OCTOBER 26, 1964
68
No. 423, Misc. Francis Carbonaro and Dominick LaMonica, peti-
tioners, v. New York. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of
Appeals of New York denied.
No. 452, Misc. Martin X. Sostre, petitioner, v. Paul D. McGinnis,
Commissioner of Correction of New York. Petition for writ of cer-
tiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit
denied.
No. 58, Misc. Robert Shuler and Jerry Chatman, petitioners, v.
Florida. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of
Florida denied without prejudice to an application for a writ of habeas
corpus in the appropriate United States District Court.
LEAVE TO FILE PETITION FOR WRIT OF CERTIORARI DENIED
No. 387, Misc. Sylvester R. Winston, petitioner, v. United States
et al. Motion for leave to file petition for writ of certiorari denied.
LEAVE TO FILE PETITIONS FOR WRITS OF HABEAS CORPUS DENIED
No. 105, Misc. Booker T. Hillery, Jr., petitioner, v. Lawrence E.
Wilson, Warden;
No. 342, Misc. Gary Taylor, petitioner, v. Lawrence E. Wilson,
Warden;
No. 447, Misc. Francis Anthony Agresti, petitioner, v. O. G.
Blackwell, Warden; and
No. 471, Misc. Jesse Shanks, petitioner, v. Maryland. Motions
for leave to file petitions for writs of habeas corpus denied.
No. 271, Misc. Maurice Ferro, petitioner, v. Lawrence E. Wilson,
Warden, et al. Motion for leave to file petition for writ of habeas
corpus denied. Treating the papers submitted as a petition for writ
of certiorari, certiorari is denied.
ORAL ARGUMENT
No. 34. Stewart L. Udall, Secretary of the Interior, petitioner, v.
James K. Tallman et al. Argument continued by Mr. Charles F.
Wheatley, Jr., for the respondents and concluded by Mr. Wayne G.
Barnett for the petitioner.
Adjourned until Monday, November 9, 1964, at 10 o'clock.
The day call for Monday, November 9, 1964, will be as follows:
Nos. 13, Orig., 32 (and 33), and 55.
Х
"
་་་ ་

WEDNESDAY, OCTOBER 28, 1964
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
69
Present: Mr. Chief Justice Warren, Mr. Justice Black, Mr. Justice
Douglas, Mr. Justice Clark, Mr. Justice Harlan, Mr. Justice Brennan,
Mr. Justice Stewart, and Mr. Justice Goldberg.
CERTIORARI DENIED
No. 636. Barry M. Goldwater, petitioner, v. Federal Communica-
tions Commission et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United
States Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia Circuit denied.
Dissenting opinion by Mr. Justice Goldberg from the denial of
certiorari and application for expedited consideration, with whom
Mr. Justice Black joins:
"I would grant certiorari and the application of the petitioner to set
the case for oral argument on Thursday, October 29, 1964.
"In my view the question raised by the petition is substantial and
warrants argument, which, in view of the imminence of the election,
should be set for Thursday, if petitioner is to be given any practical re-
lief before next Tuesday's election.
"Section 315(a) of the Federal Communications Act of 1934, 47
U.S.C. § 315 (a), is as follows:
"If any licensee shall permit any person who is a legally quali-
fied candidate for any public office to use a broadcasting station,
he shall afford equal opportunities to all other such candidates for
that office in the use of such broadcasting station: Provided, that
such licensee shall have no power of censorship over the material
broadcast under the provisions of this section. No obligation is
imposed upon any licensee to allow the use of its station by any
such candidate. Appearance by a legally qualified candidate on
any―
"(1) bona fide newscast,
"(2) bona fide news interview,
"(3) bona fide news documentary (if the appearance of
the candidate is incidental to the presentation of the subject
or subjects covered by the news documentary), or
"(4) on-the-spot coverage of bona fide news events (in-
cluding but not limited to political conventions and activities
incidental thereto),
shall not be deemed to be use of a broadcasting station within
the meaning of this subsection. Nothing in the foregoing sen-
750-278-64--16

WEDNESDAY, OCTOBER 28, 1964
70
70
tence shall be construed as relieving broadcasters, in connection
with the presentation of newscasts, news interviews, news docu-
mentaries, and on-the-spot coverage of news events, from the
obligation imposed upon them under this chapter to operate in
the public interest and to afford reasonable opportunity for the
discussion of conflicting views on issues of public importance.'
"The statute on its face plainly requires that a licensee who permits
any legally qualified candidate for any public office to use its broad-
cast facilities afford equal opportunities to all other qualified candi-
dates. No exemption is made for a legally qualified candidate who
is the incumbent President of the United States. The express excep-
tions to the broad scope of the statute for bona fide broadcasts, news
interviews, news documentaries and on-the-spot coverage of bona fide
news events do not appear to apply to the address made by the Presi-
dent on Sunday, October 18, 1964, which does not seem to fit into any
of these categories.
"The Federal Communications Commission's own interpretations of
the statute have not been wholly consistent. The Commission has
ruled that a spot announcement wherein President Eisenhower, then
a candidate for re-election, appeared appealing for a Community
Fund Drive constituted a use requiring equal time to all other can-
didates. Columbia Broadcasting System, 14 Pike and Fischer Radio
Reg. 524 (1956). The Commission, in a divided decision, held, in
1956, that the Democratic candidate for President, the Honorable
Adlai E. Stevenson, was not entitled to equal time resulting from use
of the network facilities by the Republican candidate, President Eisen-
hower, to report on the Suez crisis. Columbia Broadcasting System,
14 Pike and Fischer, Radio Reg. 720 (1956). Finally, the Commission
has recently held that the full broadcasting of a presidential news con-
ference would be subject to the equal time requirement. Columbia
Broadcasting System, F.C.C. 64–887, 56865 (Sept. 30, 1964). These
varied holdings of the Commission, and the express language of the
Act, confirm my view of the substantiality of the question and the
need for immediate argument and speedy decision of this case.
"The importance of the question is, I believe, plainly apparent. The
statute reflects a deep congressional conviction and policy that in our
democratic society all qualified candidates should be given equally
free access to broadcasting facilities, regardless of office or financial
means, if any candidate is granted free time. This Court, in the recent
past, has recognized the importance of making broadcasting facilities
'available to candidates for office without discrimination.' Farmers
Educational & Cooperative Union v. WDAY, Inc., 360 U.S. 525, 529.

WEDNESDAY, OCTOBER 28, 1964
71
Perhaps on argument, considerations may be advanced which would
cast more light on what now appears to me to be a clear and unequivocal
expression of congressional intent. But, since the Court has denied.
the petition and the application for expedited argument, I am impelled
to record this dissent."
Mr. Justice White took no part in the consideration or decision of
this petition.
☑
[

MONDAY, NOVEMBER 9, 1964
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
72
Present: Mr. Chief Justice Warren, Mr. Justice Black, Mr. Justice
Douglas, Mr. Justice Clark, Mr. Justice Harlan, Mr. Justice Brennan,
Mr. Justice Stewart, Mr. Justice White, and Mr. Justice Goldberg.
The Chief Justice said:
"It is with profound regret that the Court announces the passing of
our colleague and dear friend, Harold Hitz Burton.
"Mr. Justice Burton has gone from us, but for years before passing
on he made a valiant fight against crippling disease with courage and
serenity. He retired from the Supreme Court six years ago, but
to the end of life he performed devoted service to other courts in the
District of Columbia to the extent his diminishing strength would
permit.
"He served thirteen years on the Supreme Court, and I am sure
that in its long history no Justice on the Court has been held in higher
esteem by his colleagues. His opinions written for the Court will
be a lasting memorial to him, and will long be studied as a part of the
development of American jurisprudence. A deeply religious and
kindly man, Justice Burton personified good will and devotion to duty.
"As a Senator from Ohio and an Associate Justice of the Supreme
Court, he has been a part of Washington for almost a quarter of a
century.
"Justice Burton will be remembered fondly by people in all walks
of life."
ADMISSIONS TO THE BAR
Eugene Radding, of Burbank, Calif., Richard Ellery Loughbor-
ough, of Atlanta, Ga., Ernest Ginsberg, of Syracuse, N.Y., Thomas
C. Halloran, of Stamford, Conn., Leo M. Ascherman, of Cleveland,
Ohio, George T. Forssell, Jr., of Titusville, Pa., Zane E. Finkelstein,
of Knoxville, Tenn., and David Hutchison Burrow, of Sweetwater,
Tex., on motion of Mr. Solicitor General Archibald Cox; Thomas
Herlihy, III, of Wilmington, Del., and Ruth M. Ferrell, of Wilming-
ton, Del., on motion of Mr. James Caleb Boggs; Maurice O. Georges,
of Portland, Oreg., on motion of Mr. Wayne Lyman Morse; Thomas
Hawthorne Phillips, of Austin, Tex., W. O. Shultz, II, of Austin,
Tex., Lonny Franklin Zwiener, of Austin Tex., and Robert Michael
Perry, of San Antonio, Tex., on motion of Mr. William Ramsey Clark;
Samuel H. Burr, of Birmingham, Ala., on motion of Mr. Louis F.
Oberdorfer; A. Alan Hamshaw of Christiansted, St. Croix, V.I., on
750-278-64--17

MONDAY, NOVEMBER 9, 1964
73
motion of Mr. Paul H. Cullinan; Ralph W. Oman, of Topeka, Kans.,
on motion of Mr. Charles Sylvanus Rhyne; Arthur J. Homans, of
New York, N.Y., on motion of Mr. Kalman I. Nulman; J. Martin
Almodover-Acevedo, of San Juan, P.R., and Abelardo Ruiz-Suria, of
San Juan, P.R., on motion of Mr. Raymond R. Dickey; Charles F.
Bennett, of Albuquerque, N. Mex., on motion of Mr. Roy Dale Adcock;
Joseph H. Resnick of Philadelphia, Pa., on motion of Mr. Augustus S.
Ballard; James Leon Young, of Jackson, Miss., on motion of Mr. Pen-
rose Lucas Allbright; Robert Theodore Quittmeyer, of New York,
N.Y., on motion of Mr. William E. Willis; Cyrus A. Ansary of Wash-
ington, D.C., and Gant Redmon, of Washington, D.C., on motion of
Mr. Peter V. Filpi; Lawrence K. Benson, of New Orleans, La., on
motion of Mr. John J. Wilson; Thaddeus Edward Nugent, of Kansas
City, on motion of Mr. Claude L. Rice; James Stephen Boxik, of Val-
paraiso, Ind., on motion of Mr. A. Ladd Skinner; John E. Thomason,
of Houston, Tex., on motion of Mr. Jesse H. Foster, Jr.; Raymond L.
Hagmann, of Mount Vernon, N.Y., and George E. Walton, of New
York, N.Y., on motion of Mr. Eldon Wallingford; Charles William
Lane, III, of New Orleans, La., and Arthur J. Waechter, Jr., of
New Orleans, La., on motion of Mr. Edward L. Merrigan; Donald Earl
Rohall, of Pittsburgh, Pa., on motion of Mr. Joseph A. Nacrelli; Ed-
ward C. Berkowitz, of Perth Amboy, N.J., on motion of Mr. Seymour
Strongin; and Loren E. Van Krocklin, of Youngstown, Ohio, and
Henry Charles Robinson, of Youngstown, Ohio, on motion of Mr.
Vincent A. Pepper, were admitted to practice.
OPINIONS
No. 15. National Labor Relations Board, petitioner, v. Burnup and
Sims, Inc. On writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Ap-
peals for the Fifth Circuit. Judgment reversed and case remanded
to the Court of Appeals for proceedings in conformity with the
opinion of this Court. Opinion by Mr. Justice Douglas. Opinion by
Mr. Justice Harlan concurring in part and dissenting in part.
No. 31. Brotherhood of Railway and Steamship Clerks, Freight
Handlers, Express and Station Employes, petitioner, v. United Air
Lines, Inc. On writ of certiorari to the United States Court of
Appeals for the Sixth Circuit. Writ dismissed as improvidently
granted. Opinion per curiam announced by Mr. Chief Justice War-
ren. Mr. Justice Harlan, believing that the questions which brought
this case here should be decided, dissents from the dismissal of the
writ. Mr. Justice Goldberg took no part in the consideration or deci-
sion of this case.

MONDAY, NOVEMBER 9, 1964
The Chief Justice said:
74
"The other orders of the Court have been certified by the Chief
Justice and filed with the Clerk and will not be announced orally."
OPINIONS PER CURIAM
No. 393. R. S. Hooper, appellant, v. John A. Duncan, Superin-
tendent, Department of Liquor Licenses and Control of Arizona, et al.
Appeal from the Supreme Court of Arizona. The appeal is dismissed
for want of a substantial federal question. Opinion per curiam.
No. 416. Mary Cunliffe Trautwein et al., appellants, v. Community
Redevelopment Agency of the City of Los Angeles, California; and
No. 426. Henry Goldman et al., appellants, v. Community Redevel-
opment Agency of the City of Los Angeles, California. Appeals from
the Supreme Court of California. The motion of John Swigart et al.,
for leave to file a brief, as amici curiae, in No. 426 is granted. The
motions to dismiss are granted and the appeals are dismissed for want
of jurisdiction. Treating the papers whereon the appeals were taken
as petitions for writs of certiorari, certiorari is denied. Opinion per
curiam.
No. 481. William A. Albaugh, etc., appellant, v. J. Millard Tawes,
Governor of Maryland, et al. Appeal from the United States District
Court for the District of Maryland. The judgment is affirmed. Opin-
ion per curiam.
No. 379, Misc. Nathaniel A. Denman et al., appellants, v. Kevin
H. White, Secretary of State of Massachusetts, et al. Appeal from
the United States District Court for the District of Massachusetts.
The appeal is dismissed. Opinion per curiam.
ORDERS IN PENDING CASES
No. 138, October Term, 1963. William Murphy and John
Moody, Sr., petitioners, v. The Waterfront Commission of New York
Harbor. The motion to retax costs is denied.
No. 914, Misc., October Term, 1963. Warren Hill, petitioner,
v. New York. The respondent is requested to file within twenty days.
a response to the motion for leave to file a petition for rehearing.
No. 52. James A. Dombrowski et al., appellants, v. James H. Pfister,
etc., et al. The motion of NAACP Defense and Educational Fund,
Inc., for leave to file a brief, as amicus curiae, is granted. The motion
of The American Civil Liberties Union, et al., for leave to file a brief, as
amici curiae, is granted. Mr. Justice Black took no part in the con-
sideration or decision of these motions.

MONDAY, NOVEMBER 9, 1964
75
No. 59. United States, petitioner, v. First National City Bank.
The motion for leave to file a memorandum of Attorneys for Omar,
S. A., as amicus curiae, is granted.
No. 60. Nick Jankovich and Paul Jankovich, co-partners, doing
business as Calumet Aviation Company, petitioners, v. Indiana Toll
Road Commission. The motion of The Air Transport Association for
leave to file a brief, as amicus curiae, is granted.
No. 82. Sergeant Herbert N. Carrington, petitioner, v. Alan V.
Rash et al. The motion of petitioner for leave to proceed further herein
in forma pauperis is granted.
No. 380. Ronald L. Todd et al., petitioners, v. Joint Apprenticeship
Committee, etc., et al.; and
No. 388. Amalgamated Association of Street Electric Railway and
Motor Coach Employees of America, Division 1267, petitioner, v. Dade
County Florida et al. The Solicitor General is invited to file briefs in
these cases expressing the views of the United States.
No. 515. Heart of Atlanta Motel, Inc., appellant, v. United States
et al. The motion to expedite decision is denied.
CERTIORARI GRANTED
No. 399. United States, petitioner, v. Archie Brown. Petition for
writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the Ninth
Circuit granted.
CERTIORARI DENIED
No. 205. Frank W. Babcock, petitioner, v. The Community Re-
development Agency of the City of Los Angeles, California. Peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of California denied.
No. 372. Samuel J. Marroso, petitioner, v. United States; and
No. 471. John Jacob Samarin, petitioner, v. United States. Peti-
tions for writs of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for
the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 392. Sidney C. Kleinman et al., petitioners, v. Hyman Samin-
sky et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Dela-
ware denied.
No. 395. Honorable James M. Carter, Judge of the United States
District Court for the Southern District of California, et al., petition-
ers, v. Olympic Refining Company et al. Petition for writ of certi-
orari to the United States Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit
denied.
No. 396. Bell Hosiery Mills, Inc., petitioner, v. Marvel Specialty
Company, Inc. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Court of Appeals for the Fourth Circuit denied.

MONDAY, NOVEMBER 9, 1964
76
No. 400. R. H. Wright, Inc., petitioner, v. City of Fort Lauderdale,
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 401. South Dakota, Game, Fish and Parks Department, et al.
petitioners, v. United States. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
United States Court of Appeals for the Eighth Circuit denied.
No. 403. J. C. Mount et al., petitioners, v. United States. Petition
for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the
Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 407. H. L. Hanchey, Warden, petitioner, v. Woodman J.
Collins. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of
Appeals for the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 409. William W. Turner, petitioner, v. Robert F. Kennedy et al.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the District of Columbia Circuit denied.
No. 411. Monroe Auto Equipment Company, petitioner, v. Superior
Industries, Inc. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit denied.
No. 414. Lam Tat Sin, petitioner, v. P. A. Esperdy, as District
Director of the Immigration and Naturalization Service, New York
District. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court
of Appeals for the Second Circuit denied.
No. 417. Anthony Georgiou, petitioner, v. United States. Petition
for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the
Seventh Circuit denied.
No. 418. Chester Park Apartments, Inc., petitioner, v. United
States. Petition for writ of certiori to the United States Court of
Appeals for the Eighth Circuit denied.
Pe-
No. 419. Ben Lapensohn, petitioner, v. Pennsylvania; and
No. 420. Raymond Cohen et al., petitioners, v. Pennsylvania.
titions for writs of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Pennsylvania,
Eastern District, denied.
No. 421. Solomon Halio, petitioner, v. New York. Petition for
writ of certiori to the Court of Appeals of New York denied.
No. 424. Outdoor American Corporation et al., petitioners, v. City
of Philadelphia et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United
States Court of Appeals for the Third Circuit denied.
No. 425. Herbert C. Engle, petitioner, v. United States. Petition
for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the
Sixth Circuit denied.
No. 427. R. H. Wright, Inc., petitioner, v. Hardrives Co., Inc.,
et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of
Appeals for the Fifth Circuit denied.
750-278-64--18

MONDAY, NOVEMBER 9, 1964
77
No. 428. Albert Lapin and Lapinal, Inc., petitioners, v. Shulton,
Inc., and Technique, Inc. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United
States Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit denied.
No. 429. Ashton J. Mouton, Collector of Revenue, State of Lou-
isiana, petitioner, v. International Shoe Company. Petition for writ
of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Louisiana denied.
No. 431. Thomas D. George et al., petitioners, v. Douglas Aircraft
Co., Inc. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court
of Appeals for the Second Circuit denied.
No. 433. Elmer Ruehrup, petitioner, v. United States. Petition
for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the
Seventh Circuit denied.
No. 517. Lewis W. Twombley, petitioner, v. City of Long Beach,
California, et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit denied.
No. 404. Gerardo A. Re, a/k/a Jerry A. Re, petitioner, v. United
States;
No. 405. Gerard F. Re, petitioner, v. United States;
No. 406. Charles A. Casagrande, a/k/a Charles A. Grande, peti-
tioner, v. United States; and
No. 410. Ely Batkin, petitioner, v. United States. Petitions for
writs of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the Second
Circuit denied. Mr. Justice White took no part in the consideration
or decision of these petitions.
No. 408. Western Natural Gas Company, petitioner, v. Cities Serv-
ice Gas Company; and
No. 513. Cities Service Gas Company, petitioner, v. Western Nat-
ural Gas Company. Petitions for writs of certiorari to the Supreme
Court of Delaware denied. Mr. Justice White took no part in the
consideration or decision of these petitions.
No. 88, Misc. William G. Holland, petitioner, v. Robert V. Mur-
ray, Chief, Metropolitan Police Department. Petition for writ of
certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the District of
Columbia Circuit denied.
No. 127, Misc. Richard Allen, petitioner, v. William H. Bannan,
Warden. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court
of Appeals for the Sixth Circuit denied.
No. 170, Misc. Charles Pheribo, petitioner, v. United States.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the Second Circuit denied.
No. 220, Misc. Sterling H. Nickens, petitioner, v. United States.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the District of Columbia Circuit denied.

MONDAY, NOVEMBER 9, 1964
78
No. 233, Misc. John Waldon, petitioner, v. Richard A. Chappell,
etc., et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court
of Appeals for the District of Columbia Circuit denied.
No. 252, Misc. George H. Richardson, Jr., petitioner, v. Cali-
fornia. Petition for writ of certiorari to the District Court of Appeal
of California, Second Appellate District, denied.
No. 321, Misc. Jose Mario Martinez, petitioner, v. United States.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the Second Circuit denied.
No. 327, Misc. Samuel D. Collins, petitioner, v. John Klinger.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the Ninth Circuit denied.
No. 329, Misc. James J. Finley, petitioner, v. Edward M. Fay,
Warden. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of
Appeals for the Second Circuit denied.
No. 331, Misc. Paul Goffman, petitioner, v. Illinois. Petition for
writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Illinois denied.
No. 334, Misc. Anthony Solla, petitioner, v. Dr. Ross E. Herold,
Director, Dannemora State Hospital. Petition for writ of certiorari
to the Court of Appeals of New York denied.
No. 339, Misc. Robert Draper and Raymond Lorentzen, peti-
tioners, v. Washington et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
Superior Court of Washington, Walla Walla County, denied.
No. 341, Misc. James Burks, petitioner, v. Frank J. Pate, Warden.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the Seventh Circuit denied.
No. 343, Misc. Scott Mays Emory, petitioner, v. Kansas. Peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Kansas denied.
No. 349, Misc. William Howlett Thompson, petitioner, v. Cali-
fornia. Petition for writ of certiorari to the District Court of Ap-
peal of California, Fifth Appellate District, denied.
No. 351, Misc. Marvin Don Albright, petitioner, v. United States.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the Tenth Circuit denied.
No. 357, Misc. Clarence E. Tillman, petitioner, v. South Carolina
et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of South
Carolina denied.
No. 358, Misc. Pedro Riera, petitioner, v. Edward M. Fay,
Warden. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court
of Appeals for the Second Circuit denied.
No. 362, Misc. Elizabeth Harris, petitioner, v. James B. Turner
et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of
Appeals for the Sixth Circuit denied.
}

MONDAY, NOVEMBER 9, 1964
79
No. 364, Misc. Jack Meikle, petitioner, v. New York. Petition for
writ of certiorari to the Appellate Division of the Supreme Court of
New York, First Judicial Department, denied.
No. 367, Misc. William H. Engling, petitioner, v. Sherman H.
Crouse, Warden. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Court of Appeals for the Tenth Circuit denied.
No. 368, Misc. Clayborne Bynum, petitioner, v. United States.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the District of Columbia Circuit denied.
No. 369, Misc. Hershel Quinton Nutt, petitioner, v. United States.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the Tenth Circuit denied.
No. 371, Misc. Gordon DeSimone, petitioner, v. Ross Randolph,
Warden. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court
of Appeals for the Seventh Circuit denied.
No. 377, Misc. Burnon L. McDaniel, petitioner, v. Union Tank
Car Company. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court
of Louisiana denied.
No. 383, Misc. Robert P. Sexton, petitioner, v. California. Peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of California denied.
No. 384, Misc. Gerald Byrnes, petitioner, v. New York. Petition
for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals of New York denied.
No. 386, Misc. Larry A. Russell, petitioner, v. Michigan. Peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Michigan denied.
No. 391, Misc. Ralph Nichols, petitioner, v. Illinois. Petition for
writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Illinois denied.
No. 410, Misc. Leo Grant Kissinger, petitioner, v. Ward Lane,
Warden. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court
of Appeals for the Seventh Circuit denied.
No. 413, Misc. Albert Mintzer, petitioner, v. Lazarus Joseph et al.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the Second Circuit denied.
No. 425, Misc. Thomas C. Cooper, petitioner, v. Frederick G.
Reincke, Warden. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit denied.
No. 93, Misc. Paul Kern Imbler, petitioner, v. California. Peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of California denied.
Mr. Justice Douglas is of the opinion that certiorari should be granted.
No. 231, Misc. Percy DeToro, petitioner, v. Vernon L. Pepersack,
Warden. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of
Appeals for the Fourth Circuit denied. Mr. Justice Douglas is of the
opinion that certiorari should be granted.

MONDAY, NOVEMBER 9, 1964
80
No. 426, Misc. Gerald Pate, petitioner, v. Ray Page, Warden.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the Tenth Circuit denied. Mr. Justice Douglas is of the opinion
that certiorari should be granted.
No. 209, Misc. Paul Gordon et al., etc., petitioners, v. Illinois Bell
Telephone Company et al. Motion to substitute Ann Gordon in place
of Paul Gordon is granted. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
United States Court of Appeals for the Seventh Circuit denied.
LEAVE TO FILE PETITIONS FOR WRITS OF HABEAS CORPUS DENIED
No. 392, Misc. Avery L. Lee, petitioner, v. Warden, Maryland
Penitentiary;
No. 402, Misc. Richard J. Thomas, petitioner, v. W. C. Holman,
Warden;
No. 409, Misc. Kenneth Brawley, petitioner, v. William C. Hol-
man, Warden;
No. 478, Misc. Norman Lee Rogers, petitioner, v. Harry E. Rus-
sell, Superintendent, State Correctional Institution; and
No. 483, Misc. Robert L. Gray, petitioner, v. Sam A. Anderson,
Supertintendent, District of Columbia Jail. Motions for leave to file
petitions for writs of habeas corpus denied.
REHEARINGS DENIED
No. 258. Albert Strite et al., petitioners, v. Edgar A. McGinnes,
District Director of Internal Revenue;
No. 66, Misc. Donald F. Hipp, petitioner, v. Isidore P. Smith
et al.;
No. 82, Misc. Ernest Calvin Johnson, petitioner, v. Dr. John P.
Shovlin, Superintendent, Farview State Hospital;
No. 85, Misc. Hiram A. Matthewson et al., petitioners, v. Judge
Leo W. McCune et al.;
No. 129, Misc. Karl H. Stello, petitioner, v. United States; and
No. 172, Misc. Thaddeus E. Tansimore, petitioner, v. United
States. Petitions for rehearing denied.
No. 176, Misc. Francisco Cepero, appellant, v. Hon. President of
the United States, et al. Petition for rehearing denied. The Chief
Justice took no part in the consideration or decision of this petition.
五

MONDAY, NOVEMBER 9, 1964
ORDER
81
IT IS ORDERED by this Court that the Clerk of this Court, pursuant to
28 United States Code, Section 671(b), shall furnish bond with good
and sufficient surety, or sureties, to be approved by this Court, in the
amount of $50,000 in favor of the United States of America and/or
the United States of America, for the benefit of the litigants in the
Supreme Court of the United States and of all others, as their interests
may appear, conditional for the faithful and seasonable discharge of
the duties of his office including the recording of the decrees, judg-
ments, and determinations of the Supreme Court of the United States
and, also, that he shall well and truly perform the services for which
moneys by law or under the rules of this Court are advanced or paid
to him, and shall truly and faithfully account for such moneys thus
advanced or paid, and for any excess thereof after services are ren-
dered, and also for all other moneys received by him as such Clerk
of the Supreme Court of the United States, in accordance with law or
the orders of this Court;
AND IT IS FURTHER ORDERED that the bond required by this order,
when approved, as provided herein, shall be filed in the Department of
Justice pursuant to law.
ORAL ARGUMENT
No. 55. Independent Petroleum Workers of American, Inc., peti-
tioner, v. American Oil Company. Argued by Mr. David E. Feller
for the petitioner and by Mr. Frederic D. Anderson for the respondent.
No. 13, Original. State of Texas, plaintiff, v. State of New Jersey
et al. Two hours allowed for oral argument. Argued by Mr. W. O.
Shultz for the plaintiff, by Mr. Charles J. Kehoe for the defendant,
State of New Jersey, by Mr. Fred M. Burns for the intervenor, State
of Florida, by Mr. Ralph Oman for the Life Insurance Association
of America, as amicus curiae, by Mr. Joseph H. Resnick for the de-
fendant, State of Pennsylvania, and by Mr. Augustus S. Ballard for
the defendant, Sun Oil Company.
No. 32. Howard Farmer, petitioner, v. Arabian American Oil Com-
pany; and
No. 33. Arabian American Oil Company, petitioner, v. Howard
Farmer. Argument commenced by Mr. Kalman I. Nulman for the
petitioner in No. 32 and the respondent in No. 33.
Adjourned until tomorrow at 10 o'clock.
The day call for Tuesday, November 10, 1964, will be as follows:
Nos. 32 (and 33), 35, and 26 (and 30).
☑

TUESDAY, NOVEMBER 10, 1964
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
82
Present: Mr. Chief Justice Warren, Mr. Justice Black, Mr. Justice
Douglas, Mr. Justice Clark, Mr. Justice Harlan, Mr. Justice Brennan,
Mr. Justice Stewart, Mr. Justice White, and Mr. Justice Goldberg.
ADMISSIONS TO THE BAR
Nancy A. Thompson, of Washington, D.C., and Jacqueline Shepard
Williams, of Washington, D.C., on motion of Mr. Attorney General
Nicholas deB. Katzenbach; Gordon Barry Kahn, of Mobile, Ala., on
motion of Mr. Marx Leva; Barbara Jeanne Bridge, of Fort Lauder-
dale, Fla., and Sidney Smith Whelan, Jr., of New York, N.Y., on
motion of Mr. Richard David Andrews; Eugene N. Collins, of Chat-
tanooga, Tenn., on motion of Mr. Charles Sylvanus Rhyne; Edward
L. Genn, of Washington, D.C., on motion of Mr. Lawrence Speiser;
Sheldon O. Collen, of Chicago, Ill., on motion of Mr. Milton V. Free-
man; Lloyd L. Mahone, of Larchmont, N.Y., on motion of Mr. Richard
Greeley Wynne; Larry B. Jackson, of Houston, Tex., and Floyd H.
Myers, of Webster, Tex., on motion of Mr. Francis Raymond Ham-
mill, Jr.; Walter J. Suthon III, of New Orleans, La., and Malcolm
Logan Monroe, of New Orleans, La., on motion of Mr. Brice McAdoo
Clagett; Frank Chadurjian, of Yorktown Heights, N.Y., on motion
of Mr. Maurice Klitzman; Finlay MacLennan, of Kensington, Md.,
on motion of Mr. Noble J. Allen, Jr.; Anthony D. Brosterhous, of
Beverly Hills, Calif., on motion of Mr. Alexander M. Heron; J. H.
Krug, of Washington, D.C., on motion of Mr. Lucien Hilmer; James
Fred Gruben, of Dallas, Tex., on motion of Mr. S. Wallace Kagan;
Howard J. Schellenberg, Jr., of Falls Church, Va., on motion of Mr.
Geo. Stephen Leonard; Joseph H. Kavanaugh, of Baton Rouge, La.,
and John Lanne, of New Orleans, La., on motion of Mr. Edward L.
Merrigan; J. Charles Morris, of Raleigh, N.C., and Stuart Rodney
Wolk, of New York, N.Y., on motion of Mr. Paul Sherwood; and J.
Evans Attwell, of Houston, Tex., on motion of Mr. Bernard A. Foster,
Jr., were admitted to practice.
ORAL ARGUMENT
No. 32. Howard Farmer, petitioner, v. Arabian American Oil Com-
pany; and
No. 33. Arabian American Oil Company, petitioner, v. Howard
Farmer. Argument continued by Mr. Kalman I. Nulman for the
petitioner in No. 32 and the respondent in No. 33, by Mr. Chester
750-278-64--19

TUESDAY, NOVEMBER 10, 1964
83
Bordeau for the respondent in No. 32 and the petitioner in No. 33,
and concluded by Mr. Kalman I. Nulman for the petitioner in No. 32
and the respondent in No. 33.
No. 35. Securities and Exchange Commission, petitioner, v. Ameri-
can Trailer Rentals Company. Argued by Mr. Daniel M. Friedman
for the petitioner, by Mr. Arthur W. Burke, Jr., for the respondent,
and by Mr. Marcien Jenckes for State Mutual Life Assurance Com-
pany of America et al.
Adjourned until Thursday, November 12, 1964, at 10 o'clock.
The day call for Thursday, November 12, 1964, will be as follows:
Nos. 26 (and 30), 40, and 27.

THURSDAY, NOVEMBER 12, 1964
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
84
Present: Mr. Chief Justice Warren, Mr. Justice Black, Mr. Justice
Douglas, Mr. Justice Clark, Mr. Justice Harlan, Mr. Justice Brennan,
Mr. Justice Stewart, Mr. Justice White, and Mr. Justice Goldberg.
ADMISSIONS TO THE BAR
Howard Schulman, of New York, N.Y., on motion of Mr. Saul J.
Jaffe; Thomas C. McCorkle, of Tulsa, Okla., on motion of Mr. Car-
roll Lewis Gilliam; James H. Rounsaville, of Jacksonville, Tex., on
motion of Mr. Tom Pickett; George H. Gossman, of Seymour, Ind.,
on motion of Mr. Francis James O'Hara, Jr.; James David O'Brien,
of Washington, D.C., on motion of Mr. Thomas McElrath Deb-
evoise II; and Merle M. McCurdy, of Cleveland, Ohio, Edward I. Still-
man, of Cleveland, Ohio, Bernard J. Stuplinski, of Cleveland, Ohio,
and Elmer M. Dugan, of Los Angeles, Calif., on motion of Mr. Adrian
B. Fink, Jr., were admitted to practice.
ORAL ARGUMENT
No. 26. Whitney National Bank in Jefferson Parish, petitioner, v.
Bank of New Orleans and Trust Company et al.; and
No. 30. James J. Saxon, Comptroller of the Currency, petitioner,
v. Bank of New Orleans and Trust Company et al. Argued by Mr.
Ralph S. Spritzer and Mr. Dean Acheson for the petitioners and by
Mr. Edward L. Merrigan for the respondents.
No. 40. John W. Stanford, Jr., petitioner, v. Texas. Argued by
Mr. Maury Maverick, Jr., and Mr. John J. McAvoy for the petitioner
and by Mr. James E. Barlow and Mr. Hawthorne Phillips for the
respondent.
Adjourned until Monday, November 16, 1964, at 10 o'clock.
The day call for Monday, November 16, 1964, will be as follows:
Nos. 27, 59, 50, 29, and 51.
☑
技
"
121
'
750-278-64--20

MONDAY, NOVEMBER 16, 1964
85
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: Mr. Chief Justice Warren, Mr. Justice Black, Mr. Justice
Douglas, Mr. Justice Clark, Mr. Justice Harlan, Mr. Justice Brennan,
Mr. Justice Stewart, Mr. Justice White, and Mr. Justice Goldberg.
ADMISSIONS TO THE BAR
Donald Clark Morrell, of Bethesda, Md., Giles B. Jackson, of Los
Angeles, Calif., Marvin Eugene Tincher, of Long Beach, Calif.,
Richard M. Mowry, Jr., of Boca Raton, Fla., Michael James Jeweler,
of Washington, D.C., Walter Hammond Floyd, of Whiteville, N.C.,
Angel Viera Martinez, of San Juan, P.R., Jerry Gifford Hill, of
Houston, Tex., Aaron M. Greenberg, of Oakland, Calif., and Robert
A. Rose, of Oakland, Calif., on motion of Mr. Solicitor General
Archibald Cox; Richard W. Cleveland, of Eugene, Oreg., on motion
of Mr. William Berg, Jr.; Michael John McArdle, of Chicago, Ill.,
on motion of Mr. Loren E. Beach; Robert Stuart Burk, of Chevy
Chase, Md., on motion of Mr. Robert W. Ginnane; Willard B. Wagner,
Jr., of Houston, Tex., on motion of Mr. Dennis G. Lyons; Jerome
Kenyon Fields, of Los Angeles, Calif., on motion of Mr. Fulton Bry-
lawski; Ronald Rosenberg, of Bethesda, Md., on motion of Mr. Henry
Kaiser; Robert Barry Davis, of San Antonio, Tex., Anthony Scully
Earl, of St. Ignace, Mich., and James Lyle Hoffman, Jr., of Norfolk,
Va., on motion of Mr. Gardiner M. Haight; David W. Nord, of St.
Paul, Minn., on motion of Mr. Mortimer Bernard Miley; Robert A.
Vielhaber, of Hyattsville, Md., on motion of Mr. L. Paul Winings;
Kenneth Eugene Marsh, of Baltimore, Md., on motion of Mr. John F.
Burgan; Edward J. Balzarini, of Pittsburgh, Pa., and Robert Edmund
Walsh, of Pittsburgh, Pa., on motion of Mr. Warren E. Magee;
Herbert Donald Katz, of Fort Lauderdale, Fla., Elliott Moore, of
Washington, D.C., on motion of Mr. Herman M. Levy; Joseph W.
Morris, of Tulsa, Okla., on motion of Mr. Edwin S. Nail; Richard
R. Robinson, of Milwaukee, Wis., on motion of Mr. Frank M. Long;
James Howard Coleman, Jr., of Buckhannon, W. Va., on motion of
Mr. Kenneth W. Greenawalt; Howard Paul Burak, of New York,
N.Y., on motion of Mr. John S. Walker; Edgar Armond Rimbold,
of Boston, Mass., on motion of Mr. John Joseph Stanton; and John
E. Hoffman, Jr., of New York, N.Y., on motion of Mr. Henry Harfield,
were admitted to practice.
750-278-64--21
t

MONDAY, NOVEMBER 16, 1964
OPINION
86
No. 20. Walter C. Brulotte et al., petitioners, v. Thys Company.
On writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Washington. Judg-
ment reversed and case remanded to the Supreme Court of Washing-
ton for further proceedings not inconsistent with the opinion of this
Court. Opinion by Mr. Justice Douglas. Dissenting opinion by Mr.
Justice Harlan.
The Chief Justice said:
"The other orders of the Court have been certified by the Chief
Justice and filed with the Clerk and will not be announced orally."
OPINIONS PER CURIAM
No. 201. William W. Scranton, Governor, et al., appellants, v. Ira
Walton Drew et al. Appeal from the United States District Court
for the Middle District of Pennsylvania. Judgment vacated and case
remanded to the United States District Court for the Middle District
of Pennsylvania for further consideration in light of the decisions
supervening since the entry of the judgment of the District Court.
Opinion per curiam.
No. 298. Otto C. Boles, Warden, petitioner, v. Ernest Stevenson.
On petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the Fourth Circuit. The respondent's motion to dispense with
the printing of the brief in opposition is granted. Petition for writ of
certiorari granted, judgment modified, and as modified, is affirmed.
Case remanded to the United States District Court for the Northern
District of West Virginia for further proceedings in conformity with
the opinion of this Court. Opinion per curiam. Mr. Justice Black
would affirm the judgment of the Court of Appeals.
No. 438. Winston P. Boyer et al., appellants, v. Richard L. Elkins
et al. Appeal from the Supreme Court of Colorado. The motion to
dismiss is granted and the appeal is dismissed for want of a properly
presented federal question. Opinion per curiam.
No. 449. Associated Press et al., appellants, v. Edwin A. Walker.
Appeal from the Court of Appeal of Louisiana, Second Circuit. The
motion to dismiss is granted and the appeal is dismissed for want of
jurisdiction. Treating the papers whereon the appeal was taken as a
petition for writ of certiorari, certiorari is denied. Opinion per
curiam.
3

MONDAY, NOVEMBER 16, 1964
ORDERS IN PENDING CASES
87
No. 5, Original. The United States of America, plaintiff, v. The
State of California. The motion of the State of Alaska for leave to
present oral argument, as amicus curiae, is granted and thirty min-
utes are allotted for that purpose. The Chief Justice and Mr. Justice
Clark took no part in the consideration or decision of this motion.
No. 17, Original. State of Nebraska, plaintiff, v. State of Iowa.
The motion of Roy M. Harrop et al. for leave to file a petition of inter-
vention is denied.
No. 42. Mortimer Singer, petitioner, v. United States. The motion
of Nicholas Jacop Uselding for leave to present oral argument, as
amicus curiae, is denied.
No. 300. Ben W. Fortson, Jr., as Secretary of State of Georgia,
et al., appellants, v. Henry J. Toombs et al. Further consideration of
the motion to dismiss is postponed to the hearing of the case on the
merits.
No. 577. Bob Granville Pointer, petitioner, v. Texas. The motion
for the appointment of counsel is granted, and it is ordered that
Orville A. Harlan, Esquire, of Houston, Texas, a member of the Bar
of this Court be, and he is hereby, appointed to serve as counsel for
the petitioner in this case.
CERTIORARI GRANTED
No. 422. Federal Trade Commission, petitioner, v. Consolidated
Foods Corporation. The motion of Trabon Engineering Corpora-
tion et al. for leave to file a brief, as amicus curiae, is granted. Petition
for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the
Seventh Circuit granted.
No. 437. Otto V. Burnett, petitioner, v. New York Central Railroad
Company. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court
of Appeals for the Sixth Circuit granted and case placed on the sum-
mary calendar.
No. 443. Hughes Tool Company et al., petitioners, v. Trans World
Airlines, Inc.; and
No. 501. Hughes Tool Company, petitioner, v. Trans World Air-
lines, Inc. Petitions for writs of certiorari to the United States Court
of Appeals for the Second Circuit granted and cases placed on the
summary calendar.
No. 454. Nicholas J. O'Connell, Jr., etc., et al., petitioners, v. Joseph
V. Manning, etc., et al.; and

MONDAY, NOVEMBER 16, 1964
88
No. 455. American Airlines, Inc., petitioner, v. Joseph V. Man-
ning, etc., et al. Petitions for writs of certiorari to the United States
Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit granted and cases placed on
the summary calendar. Mr. Justice Goldberg took no part in the con-
sideration or decision of these petitions.
CERTIORARI DENIED
No. 71. Bekins Moving & Storage Company, petitioner, v. Donald
Johnson. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of
Idaho denied.
No. 398. Calmar Steamship Corporation, petitioner, v. James
Thompson. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court
of Appeals for the Third Circuit denied.
No. 434. Jackson L. Boughner, petitioner, v. Paul W. Tillotson,
Special Agent, Internal Revenue Service. Petition for writ of certi-
orari to the United States Court of Appeals for the Seventh Circuit
denied.
No. 435. George A. Murdock, petitioner, v. Maryland. Petition
for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals of Maryland denied.
No. 436. Clarence J. Malone, etc., et al., petitioner, v. Hurlbut
Graves et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court
of Appeals for the Tenth Circuit denied.
No. 439. Jack Lewis Katz, petitioner, v. C. C. Peyton. Petition
for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the
Fourth Circuit denied.
No. 440. Truck Drivers and Helpers Local Union No. 728, etc.,
petitioner, v. National Labor Relations Board. Petition for writ of
certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the Fifth Cir-
cuit denied.
No. 441. John Joseph Lombardozzi et al., petitioners, v. United
States. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of
Appeals for the Second Circuit denied.
No. 444. Albert J. Wild, petitioner, v. Bennett Y. Brewer, Revenue
Agent, Internal Revenue Service. Petition for writ of certiorari to
the United States Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit denied.
No. 445. Tage E. Pearson, petitioner, v. Youngstown Sheet and
Tube Company. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Court of Appeals for the Seventh Circuit denied.
No. 446. Mooney Aircraft, Inc., petitioner, v. Delray Beach Avia-
tion Corporation et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United
States Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit denied.
i
$

MONDAY, NOVEMBER 16, 1964
89
No. 448. R. E. Hood, petitioner, v. Rudy Gay Hood. Petition for
writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the Tenth
Circuit denied.
No. 450. Paul Rhodes, petitioner, v. Clarence A. H. Meyer et al.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the Eighth Circuit denied.
No. 451. Moses Joseph, petitioner, v. United States. Petition for
writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the Sixth
Circuit denied.
No. 452. Leandro Goiricelaya Ugalde et al., petitioners, v. Confed-
eration Life Association, etc., et al. Petition for writ of certiorari
to the Supreme Court of Florida denied.
No. 453. Truck Drivers Union Local No. 413, International Broth-
erhood of Teamsters, etc., et al., petitioners, v. National Labor Rela-
tions Board. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia Circuit denied.
No. 447. Nicola Massa, petitioner, v. Ca. Venezuelan Navigacion.
The motion of John W. McGrath Corporation to be added as a party
respondent is granted. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United
States Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit denied.
No. 154, Misc. Clarence D. Rogers, petitioner, v. United States.
Petitioner for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 174, Misc. Bobby Lee Griffin, petitioner, v. Elbert V. Nash,
Warden. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of
Appeals for the Eighth Circuit denied.
No. 281, Misc. Robert Berzin, petitioner, v. United States. Peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for
the Second Circuit denied.
No. 325, Misc. James William Nunn, petitioner, v. California.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the District Court of Appeal of
California, Second Appellate District, denied.
No. 328, Misc. Floyd E. Bateman, petitioner, v. B. J. Rhay, Su-
perintendent, Washington State Penitentiary. Petition for writ of
certiorari to the Superior Court of Washington, Walla Walla County,
denied.
No. 335, Misc. Melford Elten Rasmussen, petitioner, v. Minnesota.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Minnesota
denied.
No. 355, Misc. Ralph Arnold Emanuelson, petitioner, v. Minne-
sota. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Minne-
sota denied.

MONDAY, NOVEMBER 16, 1964
90
No. 376, Misc. Michael O'Connor, petitioner, v. New Jersey.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of New Jersey
denied.
No. 382, Misc. Luis Manuel Rosario, petitioner, v. New York.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals of New York
denied.
No. 405, Misc. Horace W. Long, petitioner, v. Maryland. Peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals of Maryland denied.
No. 411, Misc. Charles Wesley Nash, petitioner, v. Michigan.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Michigan
denied.
No. 458, Misc. George Harders, petitioner, v. California. Peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of California denied.
No. 487, Misc. Johnnie Brown, petitioner, v. Vernon L. Pepersack,
Warden. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of
Appeals for the Fourth Circuit denied.
LEAVE TO FILE PETITION FOR WRIT OF CERTIORARI DENIED
No. 372, Misc. William J. Schweitzer, petitioner, v. George
Kropp, Warden, et al. Motion for leave to file petition for writ of
certiorari denied.
LEAVE TO FILE PETITIONS FOR WRIT OF HABEAS CORPUS DENIED
No. 467, Misc. Theodore M. Harper, petitioner, v. California et al.
Motion for leave to file petition for writ of habeas corpus denied.
No. 419, Misc. Dale Oliver Ross, petitioner, v. E. B. Haskins,
Superintendent, London Correctional Institution; and
No. 530, Misc. Harold Ray Gross, petitioner, v. Texas et al.
Motions for leave to file petitions for writs of habeas corpus denied.
Treating the papers submitted as petitions for writs of certiorari,
certiorari is denied.
REHEARINGS DENIED
No. 146. Mortimer W. H. Cox, Administrator, etc., petitioner, v.
Arthur O. Hecker et al.;
No. 244. Chatsworth Cooperative Marketing Association et al.,
petitioners, v. Interstate Commerce Commission;
No. 280. Irving A. Kanarek, petitioner, v. United States;
No. 330. Baltimore Transit Company et al., petitioners, v. Mary-
land for the use of Gloria S. Geils et al.;
No. 483. Charles E. Boineau, Jr., et al., appellants, v. O. Frank
Thornton, Secretary of State of South Carolina, et al.;

MONDAY, NOVEMBER 16, 1964
91
No. 166, Misc. Eli De Paunto, alias R. E. Lipscomb, petitioner, v.
Michigan;
No. 181, Misc. Margaret Binz, appellant, v. Helvetia Florida
Enterprises, Inc.; and
No. 245, Misc. Paul W. Welsh, petitioner, v. State Medical Board
of Ohio. Petitions for rehearing denied.
No. 102. The Creek Nation East of the Mississippi, petitioner, v.
United States. Petition for rehearing denied. Mr. Justice Black
took no part in the consideration or decision of this petition.
RECESS ORDER
The Court will take a recess from Monday, November 23, 1964, until
Monday, December 7, 1964.
ORAL ARGUMENT
No. 27. American Federation of Musicians, etc., et al., petitioners,
v. Eddie Wittstein et al. Argued by Mr. Henry Kaiser for the peti-
tioners and by Mr. Godfrey P. Schmidt for the respondents.
No. 59. United States, petitioner, v. First National City Bank.
Argued by Mr. Louis F. Oberdorfer for the petitioner and by Mr.
Henry Harfield for the respondent.
No. 50. United States, petitioner, v. Daniel Andrew Seeger. Argu-
ment commenced by Mr. Solicitor General Cox for the petitioner in
No. 50, the respondent in No. 29, and the petitioner in No. 51.
Adjourned until tomorrow at 10 o'clock.
The day call for Tuesday, November 17, 1964, will be as follows:
Nos. 50, 29, 51, 21, 38, and 46 (47, and 57).
✓

TUESDAY NOVEMBER 17, 1964
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
92
Present: Mr. Chief Justice Warren, Mr. Justice Black, Mr. Justice
Douglas, Mr. Justice Clark, Mr. Justice Harlan, Mr. Justice Bren-
nan, Mr. Justice Stewart, Mr. Justice White, and Mr. Justice
Goldberg.
ADMISSIONS TO THE BAR
Joseph J. Wiedemann, of Elgin, Ill., and Marshall Simonds, of
Boston, Mass., on motion of Mr. Solicitor General Archibald Cox;
Daronne R. Tate, of Columbus, Ohio, Norton Victor Goodman, of
Columbus, Ohio, and Edgar Lewis Lindley, of Columbus, Ohio, on
motion of Mr. E. Brooke Alloway; France H. Goodwin, of Newport,
R.I., and George E. Goodwin, of Newport, R.I., on motion of Mr.
Gardiner M. Haight; Charles L. Fagin, of Oklahoma City, Okla.,
and Robert J. Elfers, of Tigard, Oreg., on motion of Mr. Roy Dale
Adcock; Fred J. Hurlbut, of Kimball, Nebr., on motion of Mr.
Hubert H. Finzel; Richard E. Tuttle, of San Francisco, Calif, on
motion of Mr. James Calvin Simpson; Wm. R. Allen, of Los Angeles,
Calif., on motion of Mr. Cecil Edwin Munn; and Wayne E. Kaplan,
of Arlington, Va., on motion of Mr. Bruce E. Lovett, were admitted
to practice.
ORAL ARGUMENT
No. 50. United States, petitioner, v. Daniel Andrew Seeger. Argu-
ment concluded by Mr. Kenneth W. Greenawalt for the respondent.
No. 29. Forest Britt Peter, petitioner, v. United States. Argument
concluded by Mr. Duane B. Beeson for the petitioner.
No. 51. United States, petitioner, v. Arno Sascha Jakobson. Argu-
ment concluded by Mr. Herman Adlerstein for the respondent.
No. 21. Chicago and North Western Railway Company, appellant,
v. Chicago, Milwaukee, St. Paul & Pacific Railroad Company, et al.
Argued by Mr. John C. Danielson for the appellant and by Mr.
Frank M. Long for the appellees.
No. 38. City of El Paso, appellant, v. Greenberry Simmons.
Argued by Mr. William J. Mounce for the appellant and by Mr.
Greenberry Simmons for the appellee.
No. 46. People of the State of California et al., petitioners, v.
Lo-Vaca Gathering Company et al.;
No. 47. Southern California Gas Company et al., petitioners, v.
Lo-Vaca Gathering Company et al.; and
750-278-64--22
1

TUESDAY NOVEMBER 17, 1964
93
No. 57. Federal Power Commission, petitioner, v. Lo-Vaca Gather-
ing Company et al. Argument commenced by Mr. Richard A. Solo-
mon for the petitioners.
Adjourned until tomorrow at 10 o'clock.
The day call for Wednesday, November 18, 1964, will be as follows:
Nos. 46 (47 and 57), 42, 43, and 300.
☑
+3

WEDNESDAY, NOVEMBER 18, 1964
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
94
Present: Mr. Chief Justice Warren, Mr. Justice Black, Mr. Jus-
tice Douglas, Mr. Justice Clark, Mr. Justice Harlan, Mr. Justice Bren-
nan, Mr. Justice Stewart, Mr. Justice White, and Mr. Justice Gold-
berg.
ADMISSION TO THE BAR
Duncan S. Kemp, of Amite, La., and Leonard E. Yokum, of Ham-
mond, La., on motion of Mr. Ralph Simon Spritzer; James R. For-
man, Jr., of Birmingham, Ala., on motion of Mr. George Huddleston,
Jr.; Richard L. Jones, of Birmingham, Ala., and Edwin L. Brobston,
of Bessemer, Ala., on motion of Mr. Lewis Guy Odom, Jr.; Albert
Sidney Johnson, of Atlanta, Ga., on motion of Mr. E. Freeman Lev-
erett; Richard L. Morgan, of Washington, D.C., on motion of Mr.
Harold B. Whitmore; Edward S. White, of Atlanta, Ga., on motion
of Mr. Francis Shackelford; Paul E. Hamer, of Deerfield, Ill., on mo-
tion of Mr. Ben C. Fisher; and Thomas R. Newman, of New York,
N.Y., on motion of Mr. Calvin H. Cobb, Jr., were admitted to prac-
tice.
ORAL ARGUMENT
No. 46. People of the State of California et al., petitioners, v.
Lo-Vaca Gathering Company et al.;
No. 47. Southern California Gas Company et al., petitioners, v.
Lo-Vaca Gathering Company et al.; and
No. 57. Federal Power Commission, petitioner, v. Lo-Vaca Gather-
ing Company et al. Argument continued by Mr. Richard A. Solo-
mon, Mr. Richard E. Tuttle and Mr. John Ormasa for the petitioners,
by Mr. Sherman S. Poland for the respondents, and concluded by Mr.
Richard A. Solomon for the petitioners.
No. 42. Mortimer Singer, petitioner, v. United States. Argued by
Mr. Sidney Dorfman for the petitioner and by Miss Beatrice Rosen-
berg for the respondent.
No. 43. Republic Steel Corporation, petitioner, v. Charlie Maddox.
Argued by Mr. Samuel H. Burr for the petitioner and by Mr. Richard
L. Jones for the respondent.
No. 300. Ben W. Fortson, Jr., as Secretary of State of Georgia,
et al., appellants, v. Henry J. Toombs et al. Argument commenced
by Mr. E. Freeman Leverett for the appellants.
750-278-64-23

WEDNESDAY, NOVEMBER 18, 1964
Adjourned until tomorrow at 10 o'clock.
95
The day call for Thursday, November 19, 1964, will be as follows:
Nos. 300, 53, and 69.
✓
:

THURSDAY, NOVEMBER 19, 1964
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
96
Present: Mr. Chief Justice Warren, Mr. Justice Black, Mr. Justice
Douglas, Mr. Justice Clark, Mr. Justice Harlan, Mr. Justice Brenna“,
Mr. Justice Stewart, Mr. Justice White, and Mr. Justice Goldberg.
ADMISSIONS TO THE BAR
Walter Nathan Kaufman, of New York, N.Y., and Horace Edward
Beacham, Jr., of Palm Beach, Fla., on motion of Mr. Joseph F. Span-
iol, Jr.; Robert Krohn Eifler, of Washington, D.C., and Seymour S.
Mintz, of Washington, D.C., on motion of Mr. E. Barrett Pretty-
man, Jr.; George William Cregg, of Syracuse, N.Y., on motion of Mr.
Herbert Emerson Forrest; William J. Keating, of Harrisonburg, Pa.,
on motion of Mr. B. Edward Shlessinger, Jr.; Ward William Wad-
dell, Jr., of San Diego, Calif., on motion of Mr. Robert P. Stranahan,
Jr.; Arthur C. Schreiber, of Chicago, Ill., on motion of Mr. Peter N.
Chumbris; Robert R. Bunevich, of Passaic, N.J., and H. Gordon
Shields, of Arlington, Va., on motion of Mr. S. William Cochran;
Richard A. Wells, of Dallas, Tex., on motion of Mr. Edgar H. Bren-
ner; Curtis Lloyd Roy, of Minneapolis, Minn., on motion of Mr. Don
V. Harris, Jr.; William James Askin, of Washington, D.C., on motion
of Mr. Lloyd J. Derrickson; Robert W. Jones, of Reading, Mass., on
motion of Mr. Roy Dale Adcock; Billy L. Heskett, of Bartlesville,
Okla., and Jack D. Heskett, of Bartlesville, Okla., on motion of Mr.
Fred A. Tillman; Emmet C. Hart, of Tucumcari, N. Mex., on motion
of Mr. Claude L. Dawson; and Dickee M. Howard, of Baltimore, Md.,
Carville M. Downes, of Baltimore, Md., Donald H. Noren, of Balti-
more, Md., David T. Mason, of Baltimore, Md., Robert J. Martineau,
of Baltimore, Md., Roger Duffey Redden, of Baltimore, Md., Stuart
H. Rome, of Baltimore, Md., R. Randolph Victor, of Baltimore, Md.,
and Charles H. Wheatley III, of Baltimore, Md., on motion of Mr.
Robert C. Murphy, were admitted to practice.
ORAL ARGUMENT
No. 300. Ben W. Fortson, Jr., as Secretary of State of Georgia,
et al., appellants v. Henry J. Toombs et al. Argument continued by
Mr. E. Freeman Leverett for the appellants, by Mr. Francis Shackel-
ford for the appellees, and concluded by Mr. E. Freeman Leverett for
the appellants. Memoranda to come.
750-278-64--24

THURSDAY, NOVEMBER 19, 1964
97
No. 53. Wayne Turner, petitioner, v. Louisiana. Argued by Mr.
Allen B. Pierson, Jr., for the petitioner and by Mr. Leonard E.
Yokum for the respondent.
No. 69. Ronald L. Freedman, appellant, v. Maryland. Argued by
Mr. Felix J. Bilgrey for the appellant and by Mr. Thomas B. Finan
for the appellee.
Adjourned until Monday, November 23, 1964, at 10 o'clock.
Х

MONDAY, NOVEMBER 23, 1964.
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
98
Present: Mr. Chief Justice Warren, Mr. Justice Black, Mr. Justice
Douglas, Mr. Justice Clark, Mr. Justice Harlan, Mr. Justice Brennan,
Mr. Justice Stewart, Mr. Justice White, and Mr. Justice Goldberg.
ADMISSIONS TO THE BAR
Bertha Claire Lee, of Miami, Fla., Leonard Richard Mellon, of
Coral Gables, Fla., John Powers Crowley, of Chicago, Ill., William
Omar Bittman, of Chicago, Ill., Raymond G. Lavallee, of New York,
N.Y., and Laurier B. McDonald, of San Juan, P.R., on motion of Mr.
Ralph Simon Spritzer; Alex S. Melgun, of Los Angeles, Calif., on
motion of Mr. James C. Corman; William H. Dunn, of San Jose,
Calif., on motion of Mr. Don Edwards; L. Ralph Mecham, of Salt
Lake City, Utah, on motion of Mr. Arthur V. Watkins; Richard A.
Tilden, of New York, N.Y., on motion of Mr. Robert Ash; Albert J.
Datz, of Jacksonville, Fla., and Nathan Schevitz, of Jacksonville,
Fla., on motion of Mr. J. William Norman, Jr.; Joseph Francis Healy,
Jr., of Washington, D.C., on motion of Mr. C. Edward Leasure; Wil-
liam H. D. Cox, of St. Thomas, V.I., on motion of Mr. Harry E. Wal-
burg; Richard Lynn Collier, of Dallas, Tex., M. G. Davis, of Dallas,
Tex., and Henry E. Kerry, of Fort Worth, Tex., on motion of Mr.
Theodore Lawrence Jones; John L. Catalan, of Washington, D.C., and
Raymond H. Young, of Boston, Mass., on motion of Mr. Howard K.
Shapar; Robert I. Lainof, of Alexandria, Va., and Bernard S. Cohen,
of Alexandria, Va., on motion of Mr. John I. Pittman; Rogers M.
Doering, of Scarsdale, N.Y., and Arthur I. Settles, of New York, N.Y.,
on motion of Mr. Thomas G. Carney; Thomas Y. Minniece, of Me-
ridian, Miss., on motion of Mr. Joseph Mordecai Kittner; Ainslee R.
Ferdie, of Coral Gables, Fla., on motion of Mr. Donald Knox Duvall;
Jerome B. Blum, of Bethesda, Md., on motion of Mr. Robert E.
Mitchell; Frederick W. Bankhead, of Weatherford, Tex., W. Richard
Bernays, of Dallas, Tex., N. Alex Bickley, of Dallas, Tex., Walton P.
Bondies, Jr., of Dallas, Tex., S. B. Bradley, of Dallas, Tex., Steven
G. Condos, of Dallas, Tex., James Edgar Cowles, of Dallas, Tex.,
William D. Cox, Jr., of Dallas, Tex., Fred Russell Dicheroon, of Dal-
las, Tex., Kenneth C. Dippel, of Dallas, Tex., Christopher M. Weil, of
Dallas, Tex., Jerry Ames Wells, of Dallas, Tex., Harold W. Mc-
Cracken, of Dallas, Tex., James D. McKeithan, of Mission, Tex.,
Harry Donald Nicholson, of Corsicana, Tex., Samuel Burton Pater-
nostro, of Dallas, Tex., Robert Harris Power, of Irving, Tex., Wm. L.
750-278-64--25
"

MONDAY, NOVEMBER 23, 1964.
99
Richards, of Dallas, Tex., Gabe T. Vick, of Weatherford, Tex., and
John H. Whittington, Jr., of Irving, Tex., on motion of Mr. Robt.
H. Hare; and Lawrence Joseph Fuller, of Grand Rapids, Mich.,
Harold L. Savoie, of Lafayette, La., William Hutchinson McClen-
don III, of Baton Rouge, La., William Roland Bruce, Jr., of Memphis,
Tenn., Richard Hanley Crawford, of Memphis, Tenn., Thomas Edwin
Douglas, Jr., of Memphis, Tenn., C. Cleveland Drennon, Jr., of Mem-
phis, Tenn., Robert Grooms Drewry, of Memphis, Tenn., Marvin C.
Goff, Jr., of Memphis, Tenn., Fred Everett Jones, of Memphis, Tenn.,
Henry T. V. Miller, Jr., of Memphis, Tenn., H. Rex Moody, of Mem-
phis, Tenn., David D. Silberberg, of Memphis, Tenn., Donn Alan
Southern, of Memphis, Tenn., Robert Norfleet White, of Memphis,
Tenn., Edward Elton Crowell, Jr., of Dallas, Tex., Horace P. Guerra
III, of Rio Grande City, Tex., William H. Haight, of San Antonio,
Tex., Walter M. Kelly, of McAllen, Tex., William J. Rattikin, Jr., of
Fort Worth, Tex., Lawrence Edward Steinberg, of Dallas, Tex., and
Jack Harrell Walding, of Dallas, Tex., on motion of Mr. William S.
Fulton, Jr., were admitted to practice.
OPINIONS
No. 8. Robert L. Schlagenhauf, petitioner, v. Cale J. Holder, United
States District Judge for the Southern District of Indiana. On writ
of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the Seventh
Circuit. Judgment vacated and case remanded to the United States
District Court for the Southern District of Indiana to reconsider
the examination order and for further proceedings in conformity with
the opinion of this Court. Opinion by Mr. Justice Goldberg. Opin-
ion by Mr. Justice Black with whom Mr. Justice Clark joins concur-
ring in part and dissenting in part. Opinion by Mr. Justice Douglas
dissenting in part. Dissenting opinion by Mr. Justice Harlan.
No. 18. William Beck, petitioner, v. Ohio. On writ of certiorari
to the Supreme Court of Ohio. Judgment reversed and case re-
manded to the Supreme Court of Ohio for further proceedings not
inconsistent with the opinion of this Court. Opinion by Mr. Justice
Stewart. Dissenting opinion by Mr. Justice Clark with whom Mr.
Justice Black joins. Dissenting opinion by Mr. Justice Harlan.
No. 4. Jim Garrison, appellant, v. Louisiana. Appeal from the
Supreme Court of Louisiana. Judgment reversed and case remanded
to the Supreme Court of Louisiana for further proceedings not in-
consistent with the opinion of this Court. Opinion by Mr. Justice
Brennan. Concurring opinion by Mr. Justice Douglas with whom
Mr. Justice Black joins. Concurring opinion by Mr. Justice Black
with whom Mr. Justice Douglas joins. Concurring opinion by Mr.
Justice Goldberg.
10 1

MONDAY, NOVEMBER 23, 1964.
100
No. 54. United States et al., petitioners, v. Max Powell et al. On
writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the Third
Circuit. Judgment reversed and case remanded to the United States
District Court for the Eastern District of Pennsylvania for further
proceedings in conformity with the opinion of this Court. Opinion
by Mr. Justice Harlan. Dissenting opinion by Mr. Justice Douglas
with whom Mr. Justice Stewart and Mr. Justice Goldberg join.
No. 12. Bayard Edward Ryan, petitioner, v. United States. On
writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the Sixth
Circuit. Judgment affirmed. Opinion by Mr. Justice Harlan. Mr.
Justice Stewart and Mr. Justice Goldberg concur in the result. Mr.
Justice Douglas dissents for the reasons given in his separate opinion
in United States v. Powell, No. 54, October Term, 1964, decided
this date.
No. 55. Independent Petroleum Workers of America, Inc., peti-
tioner, v. American Oil Company. On writ of certiorari to the United
States Court of Appeals for the Seventh Circuit. Judgment affirmed
by an equally divided Court. Opinion per curiam announced by Mr.
Chief Justice Warren. Mr. Justice Goldberg took no part in the con-
sideration or decision of this case.
The Chief Justice said:
"The other orders of the Court have been certified by the Chief
Justice and filed with the Clerk and will not be announced orally."
OPINIONS PER CURIAM
No. 75. Colorado Interstate Gas Company, appellant, v. State Cor-
poration Commission of Kansas et al.;
No. 83. Northern Natural Gas Company et al., appellants, v. State
Corporation Commission of Kansas et al.; and
No. 140. Kansas-Nebraska Natural Gas Company, Inc., appellant,
v. State Corporation Commission of Kansas et al. Appeals from the
Supreme Court of Kansas. The motions to dismiss are granted and
the appeals are dismissed for want of jurisdiction. Treating the
papers whereon the appeals were taken as petitions for writs of
certiorari, certiorari is denied. Opinion per curiam. Mr. Justice
White took no part in the consideration or decision of these cases.
No. 381. Northwestern Pacific Railroad Company, appellant, v.
Interstate Commerce Commission et al. Appeal from the United
States District Court for the Northern District of California. The
motions to affirm are granted and the judgment is affirmed. Opinion
per curiam.

K
MONDAY, NOVEMBER 23, 1964.
101
No. 472. Robert P. McCulloch, appellant, v. California Franchise
Tax Board. Appeal from the Supreme Court of California. The
motion to dismiss is granted and the appeal is dismissed for want
of a substantial federal question. Opinion per curiam.
ORDERS IN PENDING CASES
No. 5, Original. The United States of America, plaintiff, v. The
State of California. The motion of John B. Ogden for leave to pre-
sent oral argument is denied. The Chief Justice and Mr. Justice
Clark took no part in the consideration or decision of this motion.
No. 44. American Committee for Protection of Foreign Born, peti-
tioner, v. Subversive Activities Control Board; and
No. 65. Veterans of the Abraham Lincoln Brigade, petitioner, v.
Subversive Activities Control Board. The motion of Marvin M.
Karpatkin and Melvin L. Wulf for leave to present oral argument,
as amici curiae, is denied.
No. 52. James A. Dombrowski et al., appellants, v. James H. Pfister,
etc., et al. The motion to dismiss is postponed pending the hearing on
the merits. Mr. Justice Black took no part in the consideration of this
motion.
No. 73. United States, appellant, v. Mississippi et al. The motion
of The American Civil Liberties Union for leave to file a brief, as
amicus curiae, is granted.
No. 178. Ben W. Fortson, Jr., as Secretary of State of Georgia,
appellant, v. James W. Dorsey et al. The joint motion to advance is
granted and the case is set for argument on Thursday, December 10,
1964.
CERTIORARI DENIED
No. 251. Frank Ursich, petitioner, v. Manuel G. Da Rosa et al.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the Ninth Circuit denied.
No. 456. Grand Lodge of the International Association of Machin-
ists et al., petitioners, v. John J. King et al. Petition for writ of
certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the Ninth Cir-
cuit denied.
No. 457. Pan-American Life Insurance Company, petitioner, v.
Abraham Raij. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court
of Florida denied.
No. 458. Diana Kearny Powell, petitioner, v. National Savings and
Trust Company. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia Circuit denied.

MONDAY, NOVEMBER 23, 1964.
102
No. 459. Pacific Insurance Associates, Ltd., petitioner, v. Fashions,
Incorporated. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit denied.
No. 460. John Lapine et al., petitioners, v. National Labor Rela-
tions Board. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit denied.
No. 461. Karl Haller et al., petitioners, v. United States. Petition
for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for
the Second Circuit denied.
No. 462. Alan B. Kuper et ux., petitioners, v. Commissioner of In-
ternal Revenue. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Court of Appeals for the Third Circuit denied.
No. 463. Raymond L. Stover et al., petitioners, v. United States.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the Ninth Circuit denied.
No. 465. Rose Katz, petitioner, v. Ira G. Katz. Petition for writ
of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Florida denied.
No. 466. Julian Ralph Robinson, petitioner, v. United States.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 467. Raymond Cohen, petitioner, v. Highway Truck Drivers
and Helpers, Local 107 of the International Brotherhood of Team-
sters, Chauffeurs, Warehousemen and Helpers of America et al.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the Third Circuit denied.
No. 468. City of New York, petitioner, v. Rose Bernstein et al.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the Second Circuit denied.
No. 469. Althimus Sigue, petitioner, v. Texas Gas Transmission
Corporation. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court
of Louisiana denied.
No. 470. National Maritime Union of America, AFL-CIO, peti-
tioner, v. Gulfcoast Transit Company. Petition for writ of cer-
tiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit
denied.
No. 476. Joseph M. Murphy, petitioner, v. United States. Petition
for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Claims denied.
No. 477. Joseph Lewis et al., petitioners, v. James E. Allen, Jr.,
Commissioner of Education of New York. Petition for writ of
certiorari to the Court of Appeals of New York denied.

MONDAY, NOVEMBER 23, 1964.
103
No. 475. Byron Paul Wolff, petitioner, v. California. The motion
to dispense with printing the petition is granted. Petition for writ
of certiorari to the District Court of Appeal of California, Second
Appellate District, denied.
No. 59, Misc. Arnold Yopps, petitioner, v. Maryland. Petition
for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals of Maryland denied.
No. 125, Misc. Anthony Richard Avellino, petitioner, v. United
States. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of
Appeals for the Second Circuit denied.
No. 165, Misc. Robert Edward Lipscomb, petitioner, v. President
Johnson et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia Circuit denied.
No. 190, Misc. Ashton B. Jones, petitioner, v. Harvey D. Teasley
et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of
Appeals for the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 210, Misc. Willis Case Rowe, petitioner, v. Maryland. Peti-
ition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals of Maryland denied.
No. 232, Misc. William Chapman, petitioner, v. United States.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the Second Circuit denied.
No. 239, Misc. Stonewall Blake, petitioner, v. Georgia. Petition
for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Georgia denied.
No. 381, Misc. Robert Draper, petitioner, v. B. J. Rhay, Superin-
tendent, Washington State Penitentiary. Petition for writ of certio-
rari to the United States Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit
denied.
No. 389, Misc. Silas S. Griffin, petitioner, v. Oregon. Petition
for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Oregon denied.
No. 395, Misc. Felix Montes Cora, petitioner, v. Edward M. Fay,
Warden. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of
Appeals for the Second Circuit denied.
No. 422, Misc. Joseph Bradford, petitioner, v. E. V. Nash,
Warden. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of
Appeals for the Eighth Circuit denied.
REHEARINGS DENIED
No. 129. Robert Laken, petitioner, v. Joan Cornmesser;
No. 144. Homer L. Woxberg, Sr., et al., petitioners, v. United
States;
No. 194. Frank W. Cass et al., petitioners, v. The Youngstown
Sheet and Tube Company;
No. 197. Diamante Urga, petitioner, v. Florida;
Stu
"

MONDAY, NOVEMBER 23, 1964.
104
No. 259. Kenneth Agee, appellant, v. Columbus Bar Association;
No. 260. Stanley Jurus, appellant, v. Columbus Bar Association;
No. 37, Misc. Benjamin M. Huffman, petitioner, v. Douglas Air-
craft Company et al.;
No. 53, Misc. Edward William Anderson, petitioner, v. Louie L.
Wainwright, Director, Division of Corrections;
No. 175, Misc. Hassie Cane Martin, petitioner, v. Kentucky et al.;
and
No. 222, Misc. Michael Anthony Rizzitello et al., petitioners, v.
California. Petitions for rehearing denied.
Adjourned until Monday, December 7, 1964, at 10 o'clock.
The day call for Monday, December 7, 1964, will be as follows:
No. 5, Orig.
Х
41
+120
717
1

MONDAY, DECEMBER 7, 1964
105
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: Mr. Chief Justice Warren, Mr. Justice Black, Mr. Justice
Douglas, Mr. Justice Clark, Mr. Justice Harlan, Mr. Justice Brennan,
Mr. Justice Stewart, Mr. Justice White, and Mr. Justice Goldberg.
ADMISSIONS TO THE BAR
R. Dickey Hamilton, of Washington, D.C., Edward M. Daley, of
Long Beach, Calif, Patrick J. McHugh, of Fort Collins, Colo., Daniel
Roy Hunter, of Chicago, Ill., Harold Arvid Johnson, of Chicago, Ill.,
Sheldon Paul Migdal, of Chicago, Ill., Jonathan B. Altschuler, of
New York, N.Y., John E. Adams, of Bismarck, N. Dak., Lynn Edwin
Erickson, of Bismarck, N. Dak., Walter J. Howdyshell, of New Lex-
ington, Ohio, David Thomas Link, of Sandusky, Ohio, William J.
Brady, Jr., of Philadelphia, Pa., Martin Green, of Philadelphia, Pa.,
and Leonard Blair Tatar, of Washington, D.C., on motion of Mr.
Solicitor General Archibald Cox; Roger F. Rice, of Birmingham,
Ala., on motion of Mr. George Huddleston, Jr.; George N. Hayes, of
Anchorage, Alaska, on motion of Mr. Ralph J. Rivers; Marcellus
Wooten, Jr., of Dallas, Tex., Larry Oubre, of Dallas, Tex., and Sam
Blakeley Hall, Jr., of Marshall, Tex., on motion of Mr. William Ram-
sey Clark; Stephen W. Shaughnessy, of Oakland, Calif., on motion of
Mr. Richard David Andrews; William J. Sauer, of La Crosse, Wis.,
on motion of Mr. Brice Wilson Rhyne; Frederick Anthony Lawrence,
of Providenec, R.I., on motion of Mr. Daniel T. Coughlin; John Man-
ning Dyer, of Washington, D.C., on motion of Mr. Dominick Manoli;
Robert A. Foster, of Orange, Calif., on motion of Mr. E. K. Gubin;
Irving M. Clark, Jr., Seattle, Wash., on motion of Mr. Robert Lee
McCarty; Andrew J. Kilcarr, of Washington, D.C., on motion of Mr.
Edward R. Kenney; Warren J. Abbott, of West Covina, Calif., and
Norman Gregory Taylor, of Los Angeles, Calif., on motion of Mr.
Richard H. Keatinge: Walter Paul Doyle, of Chicago, Ill., on motion
of Mr. Edwin Reese Fischer; Randall S. Jones, of Portland, Oreg., on
motion of Mr. Raymond Lee Jones; Robert J. Eveld, Sr., of Fort
Wayne, Ind., on motion of Mr. Alan J. Gould; Robert D. Zitko, of
Columbus, Ohio, on motion of Mr. George F. Westerman; Albion
Edward Stebbings, of Los Angeles, Calif., on motion of Mr. Wendell
Lund; Howard S. Finkelstein, of Newburgh, N.Y., and Bryant Fisch-
ler, of Newburgh, N.Y., on motion of Mr. John S. Stillman; Anthony
R. Mastromarino, of Taunton, Mass., on motion of Mr. C. William
Tayler; Arthur S. Langlie, of Seattle, Wash., on motion of Mr. Earl
Kintner; and Robert L. Achor, of Miami, Fla., and Earl Faircloth, of
750-278-64--26

MONDAY, DECEMBER 7, 1964
106
Miami, Fla., on motion of Mr. John Carmody, were admitted to
practice.
OPINIONS
No. 27. American Federation of Musicians, etc., et al., petitioners,
v. Eddie Wittstein et al. On writ of certiorari to the United States
Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit. Judgments reversed and
case remanded to the United States District Court for the Southern
District of New York for further proceedings in conformity with
the opinion of this Court. Opinion by Mr. Justice White. Mr. Chief
Justice Warren and Mr. Justice Goldberg took no part in the con-
sideration or decision of this case.
No. 11. Dewey McLaughlin et al., appellants, v. Florida. Appeal
from the Supreme Court of Florida. Judgment reversed and case
remanded to the Supreme Court of Florida for further proceedings
not inconsistent with the opinion of this Court. Opinion by Mr.
Justice White. Concurring opinion by Mr. Justice Harlan. Con-
curring opinion by Mr. Justice Stewart with whom Mr. Justice
Douglas joins.
No. 17. Jesse M. Calhoon, as President, or Herbert W. Peters, as
Secretary-Treasurer of District No. 1 National Marine Engineers'
Beneficial Association, AFL-CIO, petitioner, v. Raymond H. Harvey
et al., Individually and on behalf of other persons similarly situated.
On writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the
Second Circuit. Judgment of the Court of Appeals reversed and
judgment of the United States District Court for the Southern Dis-
trict of New York affirmed, and case remanded to the District Court
for further proceedings in conformity with the opinion of this Court.
Opinion by Mr. Justice Black. Mr. Justice Douglas would affirm
the judgment of the Court of Appeals for the reasons stated in its
opinion. Concurring opinion by Mr. Justice Stewart with whom Mr.
Justice Harlan joins.
No. 10. Mabel Gillespie, Administratrix, etc., petitioner, v. United
States Steel Corporation. On writ of certiorari to the United States
Court of Appeals for the Sixth Circuit. Judgment modified to leave
open the question of whether damages can be recovered for pain and
suffering prior to death on the facts of this case and in all other respects
judgment affirmed and case remanded to the United States District
Court for the Northern District of Ohio for further proceedings in
conformity with the opinion of this Court. Opinion by Mr. Justice
Black. Opinion by Mr. Justice Goldberg dissenting in part. Dissent-
ing opinion by Mr. Justice Harlan.
The Chief Justice said:
"The other orders of the Court have been certified by the Chief
Justice and filed with the Clerk and will not be announced orally."

i
MONDAY, DECEMBER 7, 1964
OPINIONS PER CURIAM
107
No. 130. Railway Labor Executives' Association et al., appellants,
v. United States et al. Appeal from the United States District Court
for the Eastern District of Virginia. Judgment vacated insofar as it
relates to §§ 4, 5, and 9 of the Washington Job Protection Agreement,
and case remanded to the District Court with instructions to remand
case to the Interstate Commerce Commission to amend its report and
order in conformity with the opinion of this Court. Opinion per
curiam.
No. 337. Warren J. Moity, appellant, v. Louisiana. Appeal from
the Supreme Court of Louisiana. Judgment reversed and case re-
manded to the Supreme Court of Louisiana for further proceedings
not inconsistent with the opinion of this Court. Opinion per curiam.
No. 495. Anthony Mutter, appellant, v. Wisconsin. Appeal from
the Supreme Court of Wisconsin. The motion to dismiss is granted
and the appeal is dismissed for want of a substantial federal question.
Opinion per curiam.
No. 436, Misc. Nancy Jewell Cross et al., appellants, v. John A.
Bruning et al. Appeal from the Supreme Court of California. The
appeal is dismissed for want of jurisdiction. Treating the papers
whereon the appeal was taken as a petition for writ of certiorari,
certiorari is denied. Opinion per curiam. The Chief Justice took no
part in the consideration or decision of this case.
ORDERS IN PENDING CASE
No. 543, October Term, 1963. United States, petitioner, v.
Maryland for the use of Mary Jane Meyer et al. The motion of the
respondents requesting action on the motion for leave to file a condi-
tional petition for rehearing is denied. The motion for leave to file a
brief, as amici curiae, in No. 345 is granted. The motion for leave to
participate in the oral argument, as amici curiae, of No. 345 is denied.
APPEALS JURISDICTION NOTED
No. 496. Estelle T. Griswold et al., appellants, v. Connecticut.
Appeal from the Supreme Court of Errors of Connecticut. In this
case probable jurisdiction is noted.
No. 491. Corliss Lamont, doing business as Basic Pamphlets, ap-
pellant, v. Postmaster General of the United States. Appeal from
the United States District Court for the Southern District of New
York. In this case probable jurisdiction is noted.
rected to discuss in their briefs and oral argument the question of
mootness as well as the merits of the case. Mr. Justice White took no
part in the consideration or decision of this case.
Counsel are di-

MONDAY, DECEMBER 7, 1964
CERTIORARI GRANTED
108
No. 245. Waterman Steamship Corporation, petitioner, v. United
States. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of
Appeals for the Fifth Circuit granted and case placed on the summary
calendar.
No. 294. One 1958 Plymouth Sedan, petitioner, v. Pennsylvania.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Pennsylvania,
Eastern District, granted and case placed on the summary calendar.
No. 482. Federal Communications Commission, petitioner, v. Taft
B. Schreiber et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit granted and case placed on
the summary calendar.
No. 489. United States, petitioner, v. Atlas Life Insurance Com-
pany. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of
Appeals for the Tenth Circuit granted and case placed on the sum-
mary calendar.
No. 503. Commissioner of Internal Revenue, petitioner, v. Estate of
Marshal L. Noel, Deceased, William H. Frantz and Ruth M. Noel,
Executors. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court
of Appeals for the Third Circuit granted and case placed on the
summary calendar.
No. 256. Billie Sol Estes, petitioner, v. Texas. Petition for writ
of certiorari to the Court of Criminal Appeals of Texas granted.
limited to Question 2 presented by the petition which reads as follows:
"Whether the action of the trial court, over petitioner's continued
objection, denied him due process of law and equal protection of the
laws under the Fourteenth Amendment to the Constitution of the
United States, in requiring petitioner to submit to live television of
his trial, and in refusing to adopt in this all out publicity case, as a
rule of trial procedure, Canon 35 of the Canons of Judicial Ethics
of the American Bar Association, and instead adopting and follow-
ing, over defendant's objection, Canon 28 of the Canons of Judicial
Ethics, since approved by the Judicial Section of the integrated
(State agency) State Bar of Texas."
CERTIORARI DENIED
No. 223. Ralph Arlee Poore et al., petitioners, v. James J. Mayer,
Common Pleas Judge of Richland County, Ohio, et al. Petition for
writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Ohio denied.
No. 282. Winifrede Railroad Company et al., petitioners, v. Luther
Ray Rumbaugh; and

MONDAY, DECEMBER 7, 1964
109
No. 283. Local Union 14182 United Mine Workers of America et
al., petitioners, v. Luther Ray Rumbaugh. Petitions for writs of
certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the Fourth
Circuit denied.
No. 304. Samuel D. Carthan, petitioner, v. Sheriff, City of New
York. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of
Appeals for the Second Circuit denied.
No. 413. General Electric Company, petitioner, v. International
Union of Electrical, Radio and Machine Workers, AFL-CIO. Peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for
the Second Circuit denied.
No. 473. United States, petitioner, v. Madison County Board of
Education et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 478. The Ottawa Tribe et al., petitioner, v. United States.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Claims
denied.
No. 479. John Hix Awtry, petitioner, v. United States. Petition
for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Claims denied.
No. 480. Charles S. George, petitioner, v. United States. Petition
for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Claims denied.
No. 484. Laars Engineers, Inc., petitioner, v. National Labor Rela-
tions Board Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court
of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit denied.
No. 485. Jerome Rehman, petitioner, v. California. Petition for
writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of California denied.
No. 487. Arthur E. Harris, petitioner, v. William F. Walker, Jr.,
et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of
Appeals for the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 490. Joseph E. Moses et ux., petitioners, v. North Carolina
State Highway Commission. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
Supreme Court of North Carolina denied.
No. 492. Joseph Celso, petitioner, v. United States. Petition for
writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the Third
Circuit denied.
No. 493. Irene Ethel Vinyard, petitioner, v. United States. Peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for
the Eighth Circuit denied.
No. 497. John Ruffalo, Jr., petitioner, v. Mahoning County Bar
Association. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of
Ohio denied.
750-278-64--27

MONDAY, DECEMBER 7, 1964
110
No. 498. Carl Whitson, petitioner, v. Victor H. Mino et al. Peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the District Court of Appeal of Califor-
nia, Second Appellate District, denied.
No. 499. R. P. Balkcom, Jr., Warden, petitioner, v. Phil Whitus
and Leon Davis. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 500. Sanford E. Aday, Wallace DeOrtega Maxey and Jack A.
Lindsay, petitioners, v. California. Petition for writ of certiorari to
the District Court of Appeal of California, First Appellate District,
denied.
No. 502. Union Leader Corporation, petitioner, v. The Haverhill
Gazette Company. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States.
Court of Appeals for the First Circuit denied.
No. 504. Kingsport Press, Inc., petitioner, v. Frank W. McCulloch
et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of
Appeals for the District of Columbia Circuit denied.
No. 507. Mabel Davis James, petitioner, v. United States. Petition
for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the
Ninth Circuit denied.
No. 508. Brotherhood of Locomotive Firemen and Enginemen et
al., petitioners v. Illinois Central Railroad Company. Petition for
writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the Sev-
enth Circuit denied.
No. 509. Evva Gertrude King, Administratrix, etc., petitioner, v.
Blanche J. Simmons, Administratrix, etc. Petition for writ of certi-
orari to the United States Court of Appeals for the Fourth Circuit
denied.
No. 510. Anthony Gianfrancesco, petitioner, v. Ohio. Petition for
writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Ohio denied.
No. 511. Middlesex County National Bank, petitioner, v. Edward
D. Hassan, Trustee. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United
States Court of Appeals for the First Circuit denied.
No. 512. Lawrence Roberts et al., petitioners, v. Ralph Stell et al.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 516. Bank Building and Equipment Corporation of America,
petitioner, v. Walter J. Rees. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
United States Court of Appeals for the Seventh Circuit denied.
No. 518. Russell L. Sterling et al., petitioners, v. United States.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the Ninth Circuit denied.
"

MONDAY, DECEMBER 7, 1964
111
No. 519. Lenwood Dowery, petitioner, v. United States. Petition
for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the
Seventh Circuit denied.
No. 522. Air Line Pilots Association, International, et al., peti-
tioners, v. Aaxico Airlines, Inc.; and
No. 558. Aaxico Airlines, Inc., petitioner, v. Air Line Pilots Asso-
ciation, International, et al. Petitions for writs of certiorari to the
United States Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 542. Anthony Gianfrancesco, petitioner, v. Ohio. Petition for
writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Ohio denied.
No. 596. Harold Konigsberg, petitioner, v. United States. Peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the
Third Circuit denied.
No. 488. In the Matter of Local 825, International Union of Oper-
ating Engineers and Peter W. Weber, petitioners. Petition for writ
of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the Third Cir-
cuit denied. Mr. Justice Black and Mr. Justice Douglas are of the
opinion that certiorari should be granted.
No. 494. Brotherhood of Railroad Trainmen et al., petitioners, v.
Louisville and Nashville Railroad Company. Petition for writ of
certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the Fifth Cir-
cuit denied. Mr. Justice Black is of the opinion that certiorari should
be granted.
No. 505. Warden, Maryland Penitentiary, petitioner, v. Morris
Ruckle. The motion of respondent for leave to proceed in forma
pauperis is granted. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United
States Court of Appeals for the Fourth Circuit denied.
No. 506. Ashton Bryan Jones, petitioner, v. Georgia. Petition for
writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Georgia denied. Mr. Justice
Douglas is of the opinion that certiorari should be granted.
No. 514. Henry Thomas Bailey, petitioner, v. The New York Cen-
tral Railroad Company. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court
of Appeals of Ohio, Cuyahoga County, denied. Mr. Justice Black is
of the opinion that certiorari should be granted and the judgments of
both courts below reversed.
No. 123, Misc. Homer Lewis McQuaid, petitioner, v. United
States. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of
Appeals for the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 141, Misc. Robert Benson, petitioner, v. Frank A. Eyman,
Warden. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of
Arizona denied.
Ther
1
گاد

MONDAY, DECEMBER 7, 1964
112
No. 189, Misc. Clarence Stewart, Jr., petitioner, v. Arkansas.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Arkansas
denied.
No. 253, Misc. Gloria J. Alexander, petitioner, v. United States.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the District of Columbia Circuit denied.
No. 288, Misc. Odell Parham, petitioner, v. United States. Peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for
the District of Columbia Circuit denied.
No. 308, Misc. John Calvin Smith et al., petitioners, v. United
States. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of
Appeals for the Sixth Circuit denied.
No. 315, Misc. Manuel Rivera, petitioner, v. United States; and
No. 316, Misc. Pablo Guerra, petitioner, v. United States. Peti-
tions for writs of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the Second Circuit denied.
No. 401, Misc. Guy C. Hunt, petitioner, v. United States. Peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for
the District of Columbia Circuit denied.
No. 404, Misc. Welton Vanhook, petitioner, v. California. Peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of California denied.
No. 407, Misc. Clifford Coleman Woods, petitioner, v. United
States. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of
Appeals for the Ninth Circuit denied.
No. 414, Misc. Alfonse Indelicato, alias Sonny Red, petitioner, v.
Warden of Greenhaven Prison. Petition for writ of certiorari to
the United States Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit denied.
No. 416, Misc. Lawrence Condon, petitioner, v. New York. Peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the Appellate Division of the Supreme
Court of New York, Second Judicial Department, denied.
No. 417, Misc. William Duren, petitioner, v. Ohio. Petition for
writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals of Ohio, Cuyahoga County,
denied.
No. 418, Misc. Charles Thomas, petitioner, v. Frank J. Pate,
Warden. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of
Appeals for the Seventh Circuit denied.
No. 424, Misc. Harvey Richard Froembling, petitioner, v. Oregon.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Oregon denied.
No. 431, Misc. Samuel Stewart, petitioner, v. Maryland. Petition
for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals of Maryland denied.
No. 433, Misc. Chester Banks, petitioner, v. United States. Peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for
the Ninth Circuit denied.

MONDAY, DECEMBER 7, 1964
113
No. 434, Misc. Alfred James Gary, petitioner, v. New York; and
No. 435, Misc. Maurice Bagley and John O'Dell Martin, peti-
tioners, v. New York. Petitions for writs of certiorari to the Court
of Appeals of New York denied.
No. 438, Misc. Antonio Moreno Sandoval, petitioner, v. Cali-
fornia. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Cali-
fornia denied.
No. 442, Misc. Doyle Ashby, petitioner, v. Gresham Grim, Sheriff,
et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of
Appeals for the Seventh Circuit denied.
No. 446, Misc. Gerald F. Huth, petitioner, v. E. L. Maxwell,
Warden. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of
Ohio denied.
No. 448, Misc. William DeBerry, petitioner, v. New York. Peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals of New York denied.
No. 449, Misc. Louis Berman, petitioner, v. Warden, Maryland
Penitentiary. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Court of Appeals for the Fourth Circuit denied.
No. 450, Misc. Lester Ramsey, petitioner, v. United States. Peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for
the Sixth Circuit denied.
No. 451, Misc. Frederick A. Siegle, petitioner, v. New Jersey.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of New Jersey
denied.
No. 453, Misc. James Wright, petitioner, v. New York. Petition
for writ of certiorari to the Appellate Division of the Supreme Court
of New York, First Judicial Department, denied.
No. 454, Misc. Rex Edwin Keller, Jr., petitioner, v. Harry C.
Tinsley, Warden. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Court of Appeals for the Tenth Circuit denied.
No. 459, Misc. Sam Green et al., petitioners, v. Louisiana. Peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Louisiana denied.
No. 461, Misc. Robert Melvin Brown, petitioner, v. Louie L.
Wainwright. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court
of Florida denied.
No. 462, Misc. Murray Meckler, petitioner, v. New York. Peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals of New York denied.
No. 463, Misc. Marvin Spires, petitioner, v. James L. Bottorff.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the Seventh Circuit denied.
'
铜
1
ib

MONDAY, DECEMBER 7, 1964
114
No. 466, Misc. John Wilkes, Sr., petitioner, v. Pennsylvania.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Pennsylvania,
Western District, denied.
No. 468, Misc. John Addison North, petitioner, v. Oregon. Peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Oregon denied.
No. 469, Misc. Joseph Dunn, petitioner, v. Richard J. Finley, etc.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Errors of
Connecticut denied.
No. 474, Misc. Sidney Smith, petitioner, v. Sherman H. Crouse,
Warden. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of
Kansas denied.
No. 482, Misc. Francisco Molina Del Rio, petitioner, v. New York.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals of New York
denied.
No. 488, Misc. Michael Gegenfurtner, petitioner, v. Wilbur J.
Schmidt, Director, Department of Public Welfare and Wisconsin.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Wisconsin
denied.
No. 503, Misc. David Harlow Pickett, petitioner, v. United
States. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of
Appeals for the Ninth Circuit denied.
No. 526, Misc. John Wesley Schroeder, petitioner, v. Arizona.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Arizona denied.
No. 541, Misc. Robert Epps, petitioner, v. New York. Petition
for writ of certiorari to the Appellate Division of the Supreme Court
of New York, First Judicial Department, denied.
LEAVE TO FILE PETITION FOR WRIT OF CERTIORARI DENIED
No. 508, Misc. Perry Eugene Walker, petitioner, v. Frank J. Pate,
Warden. Motion for leave to file a petition for writ of certiorari
denied.
LEAVE TO FILE PETITIONS FOR WRITS OF HABEAS CORPUS DENIED
No. 464, Misc. Carlos Rodriguez, petitioner, v. Daniel McMann,
Warden; and
No. 489, Misc. Doyle Alva Terry, petitioner, v. Peter Pitches,
Sheriff, County of Los Angeles. Motions for leave to file petitions for
writs of habeas corpus denied.
No. 501, Misc. Sebron Dandy, petitioner, v. David N. Myers,
Superintendent, State Correctional Institution;
and
No. 517, Misc. Gale C. Dickey, petitioner, v. Texas et al. Motions
for leave to file petitions for writs of habeas corpus denied. Treating

MONDAY, DECEMBER 7, 1964
115
the papers submitted as petitions for writs of certiorari, certiorari is
denied.
REHEARINGS DENIED
No. 160. Harry R. Smith, petitioner, v. United States;
No. 385. Irma Grossman et al., petitioners, v. Jeannette Stubbs
et al.;
No. 481. William A. Albaugh, etc., appellant, v. J. Millard Tawes,
Governor of Maryland, et al.;
No. 29, Misc. Victor Morales Ortiz, Jr., petitioner, v. United
States; and
No. 127, Misc. Richard Allen, petitioner, v. William H. Bannan,
Warden. Petitions for rehearing denied.
No. 120. Rita Gottesman et al., petitioners, v. General Motors Cor-
poration et al. Petition for rehearing denied. Mr. Justice Harlan
took no part in the consideration or decision of this petition.
No. 249. Scott N. Brown, petitioner, v. Tennessee. Motion to dis-
pense with printing petition for rehearing granted. Petition for re-
hearing denied.
No. 2, Misc. W. E. Young, petitioner, v. South Carolina. Motion
for leave to file a petition for rehearing denied.
RECESS ORDER
The Court will take a recess from Monday, December 14, 1964, until
Monday, January 18, 1965.
ORDER
An order is entered approving the bond of the Clerk of this Court
and directing that it be recorded.
ORAL ARGUMENT
No. 5, Original. The United States of America, plaintiff, v. The
State of California. Five hours allowed for oral argument. Argu-
ment commenced by Mr. Richard H. Keatinge for the defendant and
continued by Mr. George N. Hayes for the State of Alaska, as amicus
curiae, by special leave of Court, and by Mr. Solicitor General Cox
for the plaintiff.
Adjourned until tomorrow at 10 o'clock.
The day call for Tuesday, December 8, 1964, will be as follows:
Nos. 5, Orig., 64, 44, and 65.
E
☑

TUESDAY, DECEMBER 8, 1964
116
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: Mr. Chief Justice Warren, Mr. Justice Black, Mr. Justice
Douglas, Mr. Justice Clark, Mr. Justice Harlan, Mr. Justice Brennan,
Mr. Justice Stewart, Mr. Justice White, and Mr. Justice Goldberg.
ADMISSIONS TO THE BAR
Julius I. Friedman, of Miami, Fla., on motion of Mr. Solicitor Gen-
eral Archibald Cox; Paul Gerald Mast, of Santa Ana, Calif., on
motion of Mr. Robert L. Leggett; Clyde Burch, of Bethel, Mo., on
motion of Mr. Frank Ikard; Michael Alexander Korb, Jr., of Ports-
mouth, Va., on motion of Mr. J. Vaughan Gary; George Thompson,
of Madison, Wis., on motion of Mr. Vernon W. Thomson; Robert L.
Keuch, of Washington, D.C., on motion of Mr. Kevin T. Maroney;
Roy G. Mita, of Madison, Wis., on motion of Mr. George Brunner
Schwahn; Fred H. Drucker, of Pasadena, Calif., on motion of Mr.
Alexander M. Heron; Aaron R. Fodiman, of Washington, D.C., on
motion of Mr. William Martin Donnelly; Albert McBride, Jr., of
Pittsburgh, Pa., on motion of Mr. Edward S. Smith; and Arthur
Mermin, of New York, N.Y., on motion of Mr. Donald J. Mulvihill,
were admitted to practice.
ORAL ARGUMENT
No. 5, Original. The United States of America, plaintiff, v. The
State of California. Argument continued by Mr. Solicitor General
Cox for the plaintiff and concluded by Mr. Richard H. Keatinge for
the defendant.
No. 64. Robert Swain, petitioner, v. Alabama. Argued by Mrs.
Constance B. Motley for the petitioner and by Mr. Leslie Hall for the
respondent.
No. 44. American Committee for Protection of Foreign Born, peti-
tioner, v. Subversive Activities Control Board. One and one-half
hours allowed for oral argument. Argument commenced by Mr. Jo-
seph Forer for the petitioner and continued by Mr. Bruce J. Terris
for the respondent.
Adjourned until tomorrow at 10 o'clock.
The day call for Wednesday, December 9, 1964, will be as follows:
Nos. 44, 65, 37 (and 41), and 62.
750-278-64-
-28
☑

WEDNESDAY, DECEMBER 9, 1964
117
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: Mr. Chief Justice Warren, Mr. Justice Black, Mr. Justice
Douglas, Mr. Justice Clark, Mr. Justice Harlan, Mr. Justice Brennan,
Mr. Justice Stewart, Mr. Justice White, and Mr. Justice Goldberg.
ADMISSIONS TO THE BAR
David A. Baker, of Chicago, Ill., on motion of Mr. Robert B.
Hummel; Paul J. Spielberg, of Washington, D.C., on motion of Mr.
Bruce J. Terris; Philip J. Devine, of Albany, N.Y., on motion of Mr.
Marvin Edward Schlosser; John F. Betar, of New Iberia, La., on
motion of Mr. Zane E. Finkelstein; John B. Siefken, of New York,
N.Y., on motion of Mr. Stuart Northall Updike; Gene Allen DeLeve,
of Kansas City, Mo., on motion of Mr. A. Harry Becker; Richard
Broughton Kay, of Cleveland, Ohio, on motion of Mr. H. Douglas
Weaver; Richard Murray, of San Francisco, Calif., on motion of Mr.
Alvin Friedman; Donald Grody, of New York, N.Y., on motion of Mr.
James E. Jones, Jr.; Sherman A. Katz, of Davie, Fla., on motion of
Mr. Herman M. Levy; Michael L. Shatten, of Washington, D.C., on
motion of Mr. J. Edward Welch; James W. Newman III, of Jackson,
Miss., on motion of Mr. John Kenton Chapman; Earl E. Yates, of
Seattle, Wash., on motion of Mr. Robert Nolan Reeves; Donald R.
Johnston, of Minneapolis, Minn., on motion of Mr. Clarence J. Wag-
ner; Edwin Henkel Pewett, of Chevy Chase, Md., and Jonathan Welsh
Sloat, of Washington, D.C., on motion of Mr. Henry B. Weaver, Jr.;
and Leonard Greenwald, of New York, N.Y., Thomas T. Kilhenny, of
New York, N.Y., Everett E. Lewis, of New York, N.Y., John J.
McCarthy, of New York, N.Y., and Hyman Worthman, of New York,
N.Y., on motion of Mr. Irving Abramson, were admitted to practice.
ORAL ARGUMENT
No. 44. American Committee for Protection of Foreign Born, peti-
tioner, v. Subversive Activities Control Board. Argument continued
by Mr. Bruce J. Terris for the respondent and concluded by Mr. Joseph
Forer for the petitioner.
No. 65. Veterans of the Abraham Lincoln Brigade, petitioner, v.
Subversive Activities Control Board. One and one-half hours allowed
for oral argument. Argued by Mr. Leonard B. Boudin for the peti-
tioner and by Mr. Kevin T. Maroney and Mr. Bruce J. Terris for the
respondent.
750-278-64- -29

WEDNESDAY, DECEMBER 9, 1964
118
No. 37. Textile Workers Union of America, petitioner, v. Darling-
ton Manufacturing Company et al.; and
No. 41. National Labor Relations Board, petitioner, v. Darlington
Manufacturing Company et al. Argument commenced by Mr. Dom-
inick L. Manoli for the petitioners and continued by Mr. Irving
Abramson for the petitioners and by Mr. Sam J. Ervin, Jr., for the
respondents.
Adjourned until tomorrow at 10 o'clock.
The day call for Thursday, December 10, 1964, will be as follows:
Nos. 37 (and 41), 62, 60, and 178.
☑

THURSDAY, DECEMBER 10, 1964
119
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: Mr. Chief Justice Warren, Mr. Justice Black, Mr. Justice
Douglas, Mr. Justice Clark, Mr. Justice Harlan, Mr. Justice Brennan,
Mr. Justice Stewart, Mr. Justice White, and Mr. Justice Goldberg.
ADMISSIONS TO THE BAR
Nathan P. Feinsinger, of Madison, Wis., on motion of Mr. Henry
S. Reuss; Arthur F. Koskinas, of Worcester, Mass., and William J.
McGrath, of Dayton, Ohio, on motion of Mr. Philip B. Heymann;
George C. Carr, of Lakeland, Fla., Lawton M. Chiles, Jr., of Lake-
land, Fla., Julian D. Clarkson, of Fort Myers, Fla., and Richard B.
Keating, of Orlando, Fla., on motion of Mr. James W. Kynes; Harold
L. Folley, of Indianapolis, Ind., and Robert C. Lester, of Washing-
ton, D.C., on motion of Mr. Bernard Dunau; Henry J. Cappello, of
Arlington, Va., and William J. Durkin, of Washington, D.C., on mo-
tion of Mr. John A. Gosnell; William C. O'Kelley, of Atlanta, Ga.,
on motion of Mr. Louis V. di Donato; Edmund McIlhenny, of New
Orleans, La., on motion of Mr. Francis C. Browne; John Neil Ben-
ney, of Warrenton, Va., Charles C. Hartman, Jr., of Annapolis, Md.,
and Charles Edward Hartman II, of Annapolis, Md., on motion of
Mr. Kahl K. Spriggs; Stanley Marvin Meyer, of Brooklyn, N.Y., and
Irving Philip Seidman, of Brooklyn, N.Y., on motion of Mr. John
Page Marshall; Robert W. Healy, of Washington, D.C., on motion
of Mr. John P. Cole, Jr.; Edwin F. Hunt, of Atlanta, Ga., and Rob-
ert G. McMorrow, of Washington, D.C., on motion of Mr. Russell L.
Law; James Owen Knotts, of Denton, Md., on motion of Mr. James
Albert House, Jr.; Dale Lee, of Beverly Hills, Calif., on motion of Mr.
Maurice C. Goodpasture; Perry C. Ausbrook, of Washington, D.C., on
motion of Mr. Isaiah Guyman Martin; Harry L. Kirkpatrick, of Bos-
ton, Mass., on motion of Mr. Frank L. Neuhauser; Andrew L. Bain, of
Wayne, N.J., and Salvatore A. Giarratana, of Upper Montclair, N.J.,
on motion of Mr. Robert F. Ziems; Charles Truman Finley, of Mt.
Rainier, Md.; Heiskell Rea Gray, of Suitland, Md., and Blair Hanna
Smith, of Mt. Rainier, Md., on motion of Mr. William Britton Moore;
and Joel Robinson, of Providence, R.I., on motion of Mr. Edwin G.
Schuck, were admitted to practice.
750-278-64-―30

THURSDAY, DECEMBER 10, 1964
120
ORAL ARGUMENT
No. 37. Textile Workers Union of America, petitioner, v. Darling-
ton Manufacturing Company et al.; and
No. 41. National Labor Relations Board, petitioner, v. Darlington
Manufacturing Company et al. Argument continued by Mr. Sam J.
Ervin, Jr., and Mr. Stuart N. Updike for the respondents and con-
cluded by Mr. Irving Abramson for the petitioners.
No. 62. Federal Trade Commission, petitioner, v. Colgate-Palm-
olive Company et al. Argued by Mr. Philip B. Heymann for the
petitioner and by Mr. John F. Sonnett for the respondents.
No. 60. Nick Jankovich and Paul Jankovich, co-partners, doing
business as Calumet Aviation Company, petitioners, v. Indiana Toll
Road Commission. Argued by Mr. Bernard Dunau for the petitioners
and by Mr. Hugh B. Cox for the respondent.
No. 178. Ben W. Fortson, Jr., as Secretary of State of Georgia,
appellant, v. James W. Dorsey et al. Argued by Mr. Paul Rodgers
for the appellant and by Mr. Edwin F. Hunt for the appellees.
Adjourned until Monday, December 14, 1964, at 10 o'clock.
☑

MONDAY, DECEMBER, 14, 1964
121
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: Mr. Chief Justice Warren, Mr. Justice Black, Mr. Justice
Douglas, Mr. Justice Clark, Mr. Justice Harlan, Mr. Justice Brennan,
Mr. Justice Stewart, Mr. Justice White, and Mr. Justice Goldberg.
ADMISSIONS TO THE BAR
Thomas John McKeon, of Hartford, Conn., Mitchell Blankstein,
of Washington, D.C., Gerald Brown, of Chicago, Ill., Jerry Z. Pru-
zansky, of Chicago, Ill., John M. Reed, of Boston, Mass., Harvey R.
Blau, of New York, N.Y., Clarence M. Dunnaville, Jr., of New York,
N.Y., Laurence Vogel, of New York, N.Y., Donald Maxwell Robiner,
of Cleveland, Ohio, Robert J. Rodefer, of Hobbs, N. Mex., Harry M.
Wasserman, of Cincinnati, Ohio, Robert Willing Ryan, Jr., of Fort
Worth, Tex., and James Naber McCune, of Annandale, Va., on motion
of Mr. Solicitor General Archibald Cox; John M. McCarvel, of Great
Falls, Mont., on motion of Mr. Arnold H. Olsen; John D. Smith, of
Akron, Ohio, on motion of Mr. John H. Pratt; William H. Black-
marr, of St. Petersburg, Fla., Joseph A. Boatright, of Douglas, Ga.,
and Henry J. Olk, Jr., of Antigo, Wis., on motion of Mr. Frank
Stetson; Richard Ernest Rieder, of New York, N.Y., on motion of Mr.
John Richard DeBarr; Charles Hoffman, of Silver Spring, Md., on
motion of Mrs. Ruby Kettles Peterson; John Francis Middleton, of
Washington, D.C., and David Payne Sutton, of Washington, D.C., on
motion of Mr. Hubert B. Pair; Aaron Feibel, of New York, N.Y., on
motion of Mr. Fred W. Peel; John Tyssowski Roberts, of Alexandria,
Va., and Malcolm Livingston Sutherland, of Alexandria, Va., and
Francis James Conklin, of Spokane, Wash., on motion of Mr. Michael
Haley Bader; Meyer Scher, of Sunnyvale, Calif., on motion of Mr.
William Benson Bryant; Glenn A. Mitchell, of Washington, D.C., on
motion of Mr. Edward S. O'Neill; Samuel Lyons Sagendorph, of
Norristown, Pa., on motion of Mr. Carl Helmetag, Jr.; Lucille Snow-
den Mitchell, of Akron, Ohio, on motion of Mr. Joseph L. Rauh, Jr.;
Dale Eugene Murphy, of Brougeville, Pa., on motion of Mr. Francis
Worley; Russell Shultz, of Wichita, Kans., on motion of Mr. Neil
Bernard Kabatchnick; John Richard Brunner, of Huntington Beach,
Calif., on motion of Mr. Dayton M. Harrington; Richard E. Whit-
taker, of Salt Lake City, Utah, on motion of Mr. Edgar Harrison
Hughson; Arthur Mortimer Solomon, of Chicago, Ill., on motion of
Mr. Jack P. Blume; and Albert E. Mayer, of Atlanta, Ga., on motion
of Mr. Henry A. Dudley, were admitted to practice.
750-278-64-―31
1
1

MONDAY, DECEMBER, 14, 1964
OPINIONS
122
No. 22. All States Freight, Inc., et al., appellants, v. New York,
New Haven and Hartford Railroad Company et al. Appeal from
the United States District Court for the District of Connecticut.
Judgment affirmed. Opinion by Mr. Justice Stewart. Dissenting
opinion by Mr. Justice White with whom Mr. Chief Justice Warren,
Mr. Justice Black and Mr. Justice Brennan join.
No. 16. Elizabeth Simonson King, etc., et al., petitioners, v. United
States. On writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the Third Circuit. Judgment affirmed. Opinion by Mr. Justice
Harlan. Concurring opinion by Mr. Justice White. Mr. Justice
Black and Mr. Justice Douglas dissent.
No. 515. Heart of Atlanta Motel, Inc., appellant, v. United States
et al. Appeal from the United States District Court for the Northern
District of Georgia. Judgment affirmed. Opinion by Mr. Justice
Clark. Concurring opinions by Mr. Justice Black, Mr. Justice Doug-
las, and Mr. Justice Goldberg in this case and in No. 543, October
Term, 1964, infra.
No. 543. Nicholas deB. Katzenbach, as Acting Attorney General
of the United States, et al., appellants, v. Ollie McClung, Sr., et al.
Appeal from the United States District Court for the Northern Dis-
trict of Alabama. Judgment reversed and case remanded to the Dis-
trict Court for further proceedings in conformity with the opinion
of this Court. Opinion by Mr. Justice Clark. Concurring opinions
by Mr. Justice Black, Mr. Justice Douglas, and Mr. Justice Goldberg
in this case and in No. 515, October Term, 1964, supra.
No. 2. Arthur Hamm, Jr., petitioner, v. City of Rock Hill. On
writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of South Carolina; and
No. 5. Frank James Lupper et al., petitioners, v. Arkansas. On
writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Arkansas. Judgments
vacated and cases remanded to the Supreme Court of South Carolina
and the Supreme Court of Arkansas with instructions to order the
dismissal of the charges as abated. Opinion by Mr. Justice Clark.
Concurring opinion by Mr. Justice Douglas with whom Mr. Justice
Goldberg joins. Dissenting opinions by Mr. Justice Black, Mr.
Justice Harlan, Mr. Justice Stewart, and Mr. Justice White.
No. 32. Howard Farmer, petitioner, v. Arabian American Oil Com-
pany; and
No. 33. Arabian American Oil Company, petitioner, v. Howard
Farmer. On writs of certiorari to the United States Court of Ap-
peals for the Second Circuit. Judgment of Court of Appeals reversed
and judgment of United States District Court for the Southern Dis-
trict of New York affirmed. Opinion by Mr. Justice Black. Opinion
M

MONDAY, DECEMBER, 14, 1964
123
by Mr. Justice Goldberg concurring in the result. Dissenting opinion
by Mr. Justice Harlan with whom Mr. Justice Stewart joins.
No. 14. Fibreboard Paper Products Corporation, petitioner, v. Na-
tional Labor Relations Board et al. On writ of certiorari to the
United States Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia Circuit.
Judgment affirmed. Opinion by Mr. Chief Justice Warren. Con-
curring opinion by Mr. Justice Stewart with whom Mr. Justice
Douglas and Mr. Justice Harlan join. Mr. Justice Goldberg took no
part in the consideration or decision of this case.
The Chief Justice said:
"The other orders of the Court have been certified by the Chief
Justice and filed with the Clerk and will not be announced orally."
OPINIONS PER CURIAM
No. 535. The Piano and Musical Instrument Workers Union,
Local No. 2549 of the United Brotherhood of Carpenters and Joiners
of America, AFL-CIO, petitioner, v. W. W. Kimball Company. On
petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the Seventh Circuit. Petition for writ of certiorari granted, judg-
ment reversed, and case remanded to the United States District Court
for the Northern District of Illinois for further proceedings in con-
formity with the opinion of this Court. Opinion per curiam.
No. 87, Misc. Freddy Green, petitioner, v. Lynn Bomar, Warden.
On petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Ap-
peals for the Sixth Circuit. Motion for leave to proceed in forma
pauperis and petition for writ of certiorari granted. Judgment va-
cated and case remanded to the United States District Court for the
Middle District of Tennessee for a hearing in light of Townsend v.
Sain, 372 U.S. 293. Opinion per curiam.
ORDERS IN PENDING CASES
No. 48. United Mine Workers of America, petitioner, v. James M.
Pennington et al. The motion of the petitioner to remove this case
from the summary calendar is granted.
No. 240. Local Union No. 189, Amalgamated Meat Cutters, and
Butcher Workmen of North America, AFL-CIO, et al., petitioners,
v. Jewel Tea Company, Inc. The motion of the petitioners to re-
move this case from the summary calendar is denied. The motion of
the Solicitor General, on behalf of the United States, for leave to par-
ticipate in the oral argument, as amicus curiae, is granted and thirty
minutes are allotted for that purpose. Counsel for the petitioners

MONDAY, DECEMBER, 14, 1964
124
and counsel for the respondent are allotted an additional fifteen
minutes each for oral argument.
No. 527. The Hanna Mining Company et al., petitioners, v. District
2, Marine Engineers Beneficial Association, AFL-CIO, et al. The
Solicitor General is invited to file a brief expressing the views of the
United States.
Appeals―JURISDICTION NOTED
No. 624. Samuel A. Parsons, Town Clerk of the Town of Hub-
bardton, et al., appellants, v. T. Garry Buckley et al.; and
No. 625. Philip H. Hoff, Governor of Vermont, et al., appellants,
v. T. Garry Buckley et al. Appeals from the United States District
Court for the District of Vermont. In these cases probable jurisdic-
tion is noted. The cases are consolidated and a total of two hours is
allotted for oral argument. The appellants are directed to file their
briefs on or before January 2, 1965. The appellees are directed to file
their briefs on or before January 15, 1965. These cases are set for oral
argument on January 18, 1965. That portion of the judgment of the
United States District Court for the District of Vermont which is the
subject of these appeals is hereby stayed until further order of this
Court.
CERTIORARI GRANTED
No. 292. The Atlantic Refining Company, petitioner, v. Federal
Trade Commission. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United
States Court of Appeals for the Seventh Circuit granted and case
placed on the summary calendar.
No. 296. The Goodyear Tire & Rubber Company, petitioner, v.
Federal Trade Commission. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
United States Court of Appeals for the Seventh Circuit granted and
case placed on the summary calendar.
No. 486. W. Palmer Dixon et al., petitioners, v. United States.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the Second Circuit granted and case placed on the summary
calendar.
No. 628. United States, petitioner, v. Midland-Ross Corporation.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals.
for the Sixth Circuit granted and case placed on the summary
calendar.
No. 526. Al Harris, petitioner, v. United States. Petition for writ
of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the Second
Circuit granted limited to Questions 2, 3, and 4 presented by the peti-
tion which read as follows:
1
1

MONDAY, DECEMBER, 14, 1964
125
"2. Whether petitioner was afforded a proper and fair hearing for
criminal contempt under Rule 42(a) Federal Rules of Criminal Pro-
cedure and whether Brown v. United States, 359 U.S. 41 should be re-
considered and overruled by this Court.
"3. Whether petitioner should have been granted a trial by jury on
the charge of criminal contempt where he has been sentenced to one
year's imprisonment.
"4. Whether the sentence of one year's imprisonment imposed
against petitioner in a summary contempt proceeding is constitution-
ally permissible.”
No. 107, Misc. Melvin C. Jenkins, petitioner, v. United States.
Motion for leave to proceed in forma pauperis and petition for writ
of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the District
of Columbia Circuit granted. Case transferred to the appellate docket
and placed on the summary calendar.
CERTIORARI DENIED
No. 520. American-Hawaiian Steamship Company et al., peti-
tioners, v. C. Douglas Dillon, Secretary of the Treasury, et al. Peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for
the District of Columbia Circuit denied.
No. 521. Rebecca Simon Wolfsohn, etc., petitioner, v. Gregory
Hankin et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia Circuit denied.
No. 523. Barbara Ann Farley, petitioner, v. Ross E. Farley. Peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the District Court of Appeal of Cali-
fornia, Third Appellate District, denied.
No. 524. Gladys Jordan, petitioner, v. Louisiana. Petition for
writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Louisiana denied.
No. 525. Iowa Southern Utilities Company, petitioner, v. Commis-
sioner of Internal Revenue. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
United States Court of Appeals for the Eighth Circuit denied.
No. 528. Hy-Lan Furniture Company, Inc., petitioner, v. Thomas
J. Wilson, as Trustee in Bankruptcy of Georgetown Galleries, Inc., et
al. Petition for a writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Ap-
peals for the Fourth Circuit denied.
No. 529. Nicholas Guarracino, petitioner, v. Luckenbach Steamship
Company, Inc. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit denied.
No. 530. Mary H. Shelp et al., petitioners, v. National Surety Cor-
poration. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court
of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit denied.
750-278-64-32
1

MONDAY, DECEMBER, 14, 1964
126
No. 531. Clifford Junior Thomas, petitioner, v. California. Peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the District Court of Appeal of Cali-
fornia, Second Appellate District, denied.
No. 532. Hudson-Sharp Machine Co., petitioner, v. Erving Paper
Mills. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of
Appeals for the Seventh Circuit denied.
No. 533. International Association of Machinists et al., petitioners,
v. United Aircraft Corporation. Petition for writ of certiorari to
the United States Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit denied.
No. 537. The Oneida Tribe of Indians of Wisconsin, petitioner, v.
United States. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Court of Claims denied.
No. 534. Anthony Provenzano, petitioner, v. United States. The
motion of American Civil Liberties Union of New Jersey for leave
to file a brief, as amicus curiae, is granted. Petition for writ of cer-
tiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the Third Circuit
denied.
No. 89, Misc. Francis O'Halloran, petitioner, v. David N. Myers,
Superintendent, State Correctional Institution. Petition for writ of
certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the Third Circuit
denied.
No. 243, Misc. Richard John Stewart, petitioner, v. Ohio. Peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Ohio denied.
No. 279, Misc. Bobby C. Shaw, petitioner, v. New York. Peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the Appellate Division of the Supreme
Court of New York, Second Judicial Department, denied.
No. 282, Misc. Cleveland Roy Williams, petitioner, v. United
States. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of
Appeals for the Ninth Circuit denied.
No. 319, Misc. Joseph Dennis Zepeda, a minor, by Irma M. Flores,
his next friend, petitioner, v. Louis Raul Zepeda. Petition for writ of
certiorari to the Supreme Court of Illinois denied.
No. 337, Misc. Charles E. Dickey, petitioner, v. United States.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the Ninth Circuit denied.
No. 347, Misc. Jerry James Johnson, petitioner, v. Arkansas.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Arkansas
denied.
No. 394, Misc. John H. Barnett, petitioner, v. Clarence T. Glad-
den, Warden. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court
of Oregon denied.

MONDAY, DECEMBER, 14, 1964
127
No. 406, Misc. Richard W. Clark, petitioner, v. United States.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 408, Misc. Rosalia Laugesen, etc., petitioner, v. Ohio. Peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Ohio denied.
No. 429, Misc. Alcie Fletcher, petitioner, v. United States. Peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for
the Ninth Circuit denied.
No. 437, Misc. Leroy A. Frazier, petitioner, v. United States.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Unted States Court of Appeals
for the District of Columbia Circuit denied.
No. 445, Misc. Roberto Vargas Garcia, petitioner, v. California.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the District Court of Appeal of
California, Second Appellate District, denied.
No. 455, Misc. Irven Green, petitioner, v. United States. Peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for
the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 456, Misc. Courtie U. Blakesley, petitioner, v. Sherman H.
Crouse, Warden. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Court of Appeals for the Tenth Circuit denied.
No. 457, Misc. Emmett J. Stebbins, petitioner, v. Phillip Young
et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of
Appeals for the District of Columbia Circuit denied.
No. 480, Misc. Carolyn P. Mullen, petitioner, v. Donald D.
Brewer, Director, Department of Public Welfare, D.C. Petition for
writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the Dis-
trict of Columbia Circuit denied.
No. 484, Misc. Samuel Broyde, petitioner, v. Benjamin C. Willis
et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of
Appeals for the Seventh Circuit denied.
No. 494, Misc. Richard R. Boodry, petitioner, v. Arizona. Peti-
tioner, v. Arizona. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme
Court of Arizona denied.
No. 496, Misc. In the Matter of Emmett J. Stebbins, petitioner.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Claims
denied.
No. 502, Misc. Joel B. Cantrell, petitioner, v. United States.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the District of Columbia Circuit denied.
No. 507, Misc. Chester Clark, petitioner, v. Frank J. Pate,
Warden. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court
of Appeals for the Seventh Circuit denied.
"

MONDAY, DECEMBER, 14, 1964
128
No. 511, Misc. Warren H. Mobley, petitioner, v. New York. Peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals of New York denied.
No. 518, Misc. Harold Emerich, petitioner, v. Al Sirat Grotto,
Mystic Order of the Enchanted Realm, et al. Petition for writ of cer-
tiorari to the Supreme Court of Ohio denied.
No. 529, Misc. Lewis Michael Younce, petitioner, v. United
States. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of
Appeals for the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 545, Misc. Shelton T. Phillips, petitioner, v. Anthony J.
Celebrezze, Secretary of Health, Education, and Welfare. Petition
for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the
Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 594, Misc. William SaMarion and Thomas L. Bratcher, etc.,
petitioners, v. Paul D. McGinnis, Commissioner of Correction of New
York. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of
Appeals for the Second Circuit denied.
No. 602, Misc. William Witherspoon, petitioner, v. Richard Ogil-
vie, Sheriff of Cook County, et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to
the United States Court of Appeals for the Seventh Circuit denied.
LEAVE TO FILE PETITIONS FOR WRITS OF HABEAS CORPUS DENIED
No. 247, Misc. Hosley Berry, petitioner, v. Kermit A. Weakley,
Superintendent, Lorton Reformatory;
No. 505, Misc. Harold L. Peek, Jr., petitioner, v. United States.
and Paul J. Madigan;
No. 512, Misc. Juan A. Coronado, petitioner, v. California;
No. 534, Misc. Alexander Alexander, petitioner, v. LaMoyne
Green, Superintendent, Marion Correctional Institution;
No. 540, Misc. Ed Murphy, petitioner, v. Florida; and
No. 542, Misc. Franklin Cecil Rance, petitioner, v. Warden, U.S.
Penitentiary, Terre Haute, Indiana. Motions for leave to file peti-
tions for writs of habeas corpus denied.
No. 276, Misc. George Rexford, petitioner, v. Florida;
No. 570, Misc. In the Matter of the Application of William Bryce
Peebles, petitioner; and
No. 571, Misc. Clarence R. Edwards, petitioner, v. Donald C.
Clemmer, Director, Department of Corrections. Motions for leave to
file petitions for writs of habeas corpus denied. Treating the papers
submitted as petitions for writs of certiorari, certiorari is denied.

MONDAY, DECEMBER, 14, 1964
LEAVE TO FILE PETITION FOR WRIT OF MANDAMUS DENIED
129
No. 493, Misc. Rebecca Simon Wolfsohn, etc., petitioner, v. Hon.
David L. Bazelon, Chief Judge, United States Court of Appeals for
the District of Columbia Circuit, et al. Motion for leave to file peti-
tion for a writ of mandamus and for other relief denied.
REHEARINGS DENIED
No. 914, Misc., October Term, 1963. Warren Hill, petitioner,
v. New York; and
No. 1353, Misc., October Term, 1963. Charles Nathaniel
Johnson, petitioner, v. New York. Motions for leave to file petitions
for rehearing denied.
No. 1281, Misc., October Term, 1963. Robert S. Van Rensse-
laer et al., petitioners, v. General Motors Corp. etc. Motion for leave
to file second petition for rehearing denied.
No. 372. Samuel J. Marroso, petitioner, v. United States;
No. 471. John Jacob Samarin, petitioner, v. United States; and
No. 165, Misc. Robert Edward Lipscomb, petitioner, v. President
Johnson et al. Petitions for rehearing denied.
Adjourned until Monday, January 18, 1965, at 10 o'clock.
The day call for Monday, January 18, 1965, will be as follows: Nos.
624 (and 625), 28, and 111.
'

TUESDAY, JANUARY 12, 1965
130
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: Mr. Chief Justice Warren, Mr. Justice Black, Mr. Justice
Douglas, Mr. Justice Clark, Mr. Justice Harlan, Mr. Justice Brennan,
Mr. Justice Stewart, Mr. Justice White, and Mr. Justice Goldberg.
OPINION PER CURIAM
No. 624. Samuel A. Parsons, Town Clerk of the Town of Hubbard-
ton, et al., appellants, v. T. Garry Buckley et al.; and
No. 625. Philip H. Hoff, Governor of Vermont, et al., appellants,
v. T. Garry Buckley et al. Appeals from the United States District
Court for the District of Vermont. The joint motion to modify en-
forcement order of court below and to affirm, as modified, is granted.
Judgment modified, and as modified, affirmed. Opinion per curiam
announced by Mr. Chief Justice Warren. Memorandum by Mr.
Justice Harlan dissenting in part. The judgment shall issue forth-
with.
750 278-64-33
1
1
"

MONDAY, JANUARY 18, 1965
131
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: Mr. Chief Justice Warren, Mr. Justice Black, Mr. Justice
Douglas, Mr. Justice Clark, Mr. Justice Harlan, Mr. Justice Brennan,
Mr. Justice Stewart, Mr. Justice White, and Mr. Justice Goldberg.
ADMISSIONS TO THE BAR
Mark R. Rubin, of Miami, Fla., Beverly Bailey Bates, of Atlanta,
Ga., Talila Engel, of Chicago, Ill., Dean Edward Miller, of Chicago,
III., Richard Peter Delaney, of Boston, Mass., Abraham J. Stern, of
Bangor, Maine, Stephen R. Weidman, of Boston, Mass., Lester An-
thony Klaus, of Washington, D.C., Howard R. Levine, of New York,
N.Y., David S. Schaiman, of New York, N.Y., Bernard Turiel, of
New York, N.Y., Albert L. Wigor, of New York, N.Y., David Gerald
Glickman, of Wichita Falls, Tex., Joseph Richard Grunda, of Lorain,
Ohio, Floyd Dayton Harris, of Lorain, Ohio, Raymond Andrew Mu-
zilla, of Amherst, Ohio, Donald Eugene Gehlmann, of Lorain, Ohio,
Walter E. Jordan, of Fort Worth, Tex., Aubrey Thomas Witherington,
of Alexandria, Va., Edward Radcliffe Park, of Falls Church, Va.,
Gordon Lewis Bazelon, of Milwaukee, Wis., Chester C. Davis, of New
York, N.Y., and Dorris David Archer of Artesia, N. Mex., on motion
of Mr. Solicitor General Archibald Cox; Glenn Delaney Ramirez, of
Klamath Falls, Oreg., Joseph O. Stearns, of Portland, Oreg., on motion
of Mr. Wayne Lyman Morse; Wesley Norman Harry, of Bismarck,
N. Dak., and Leonell Walter Fraase, of Bismarck, N. Dak., on motion
of Mr. Quentin N. Burdick; W. J. Nicholas, of Lander, Wyo., on mo-
tion of Mr. Milward L. Simpson; John T. Boyce, of Dallas, Tex.,
Costine Alfred Droby, of Dallas, Tex., Clayton Fowler, of Dallas,
Tex., Thomas H. Howard, of Dallas, Tex., James Martin, of Dallas,
Tex., Bill Gene Thomas, of Dallas, Tex., and J. Hudson Moyer, of
Amarillo, Tex., on motion of Mr. Joe Richard Pool; Bryan E. Gibson,
of Woodland Hills, Calif., on motion of Mr. James C. Corman; Leland
W. Geiler of Los Angeles, Calif., on motion of Judge A. Andrew
Hauk; John P. Connarn, of Northfield, Vt., and Chester S. Ketcham,
of Essex Junction, Vt., on motion of Mr. Thurman W. Arnold; James
J. Fitzpatrick, of Melrose, Mass., on motion of Mr. Daniel T. Coughlin,
Arthur Jay England, Jr., of Miami, Fla., on motion of Mr. Brice
Wilson Rhyne; Irving B. Levenson, of Miami Beach, Fla., on motion
of Mr. I. Martin Levitt; Romolo J. DiCintio, of Philadelphia, Pa.,
and Edward W. Furia, of Philadelphia, Pa., on motion of Mr. George
Gershenfeld; Amy Scupi, of Washington, D.C., and Gary Nathan
Calkins, Jr., of Falls Church, Va., on motion of Mr. George F. Gal-
750-278-65--34
1
i
1

MONDAY, JANUARY 18, 1965
132
land; Richard Eberhart Sommer, of Milwaukee, Wis., on motion of
Mr. E. Riley Casey; George Rudiak, of Las Vegas, Nev., on motion
of Mr. Joseph Sickles; Jorge Souss, of San Juan, P.R., on motion
of Mr. Fred Suss; Robert Lodge Simmons, of Baltimore, Md., and
Edward William Smith, of Baltimore, Md., on motion of Mr. Claude
L. Callegary; John B. Breckinridge, of Lexington, Ky., and James
N. Neel, Jr., of Ashland, Ky., on motion of Mr. Don V. Harris, Jr.;
Joseph Huey O'Toole, of Houston, Tex., on motion of Mr. Arthur C.
Perry; James C. Walsh, Jr., of Oakland, Calif., on motion of Mr.
Warren Olney III; Wallace L. Duncan, of Salt Lake City, Utah, and
Edward Weinberg, of Silver Spring, Md., on motion of Mr. Frank
J. Barry; Elizabeth Palmer, of San Francisco, Calif., and John Carl
Porter, of San Francisco, Calif., on motion of Mr. Elmer E. Metz;
James Irving Collier, Jr., of Springfield, Va., and Carl Vernon Lyon,
of Springfield, Va., on motion of Mr. Edward G. Howard; Robert
Emmet O'Malley, of Washington, D.C., on motion of Mr. Lambert
S. O'Malley; William J. Donlon, of Cincinnatti, Ohio, on motion of
Mr. Edward J. Hickey, Jr.; Joseph Entzminger, of Bay City, Tex.,
on motion of Mr. Eugene M. Lock; Leonard M. Sperry, Jr., of San
Francisco, Calif., on motion of Mr. Carl V. Greenburg; Fay A.
Stender, of Berkeley, Calif., on motion of Mr. George Kauffmann;
Aaron K. Phelps, of Corona del Mar, Calif., on motion of Mr. Richard
L. Braun; Alan A. Dougherty, of Redwood City, Calif., on motion
of Mr. Charles T. Akre; Irving S. Feffer, of Los Angeles, Calif., and
Charles J. Seifert, Jr., of Palo Alto, Calif., on motion of Mr. Richard
N. Little; Raymond C. Sheppard, of Akron, Ohio, on motion of Mr.
Walter Lee Mitchell; Robert Latane Montague III, of Alexandria,
Va., on motion of Mr. Joseph W. Wyatt; John Cochran Mueller, of
New York, N.Y., Paul A. Mueller, Jr., of Lancaster, Pa., and Clive
L. DuVal 2d, of McLean, Va., on motion of Mr. John F. Grindle, Jr.;
Joseph Kase, Jr., of San Diego, Calif., on motion of Mr. Albert E.
Arent; John F. O'Laughlin, of San Diego, Calif., on motion of Mr.
Thomas Joseph Brady, were admitted to practice.
OPINIONS
No. 24. B. Elton Cox, appellant, v. Louisiana. Appeal from the
Supreme Court of Louisiana. Judgment reversed and case remanded
to the Supreme Court of Louisiana for further proceedings not
inconsistent with the opinion of this Court. Opinion by Mr. Justice
Goldberg. Opinion by Mr. Justice Black concurring in this case and
dissenting in No. 49, infra. Opinion by Mr. Justice Clark concurring
in this case and dissenting in No. 49, infra. Opinion by Mr. Justice
White with whom Mr. Justice Harlan joins concurring in part and
dissenting in part in this case and No. 49, infra.
1

MONDAY, JANUARY 18, 1965
133
No. 49. B. Elton Cox, appellant, v. Louisiana. Appeal from the
Supreme Court of Louisiana. Judgment reversed and case remanded
to the Supreme Court of Louisiana for further proceedings not in-
consistent with the opinion of this Court. Opinion by Mr. Justice
Goldberg. Opinion by Mr. Justice Black dissenting in this case and
concurring in No. 24, supra. Opinion by Mr. Justice Clark dissenting
in this case and concurring in No. 24, supra. Opinion by Mr. Justice
White with whom Mr. Justice Harlan joins concurring in part and
dissenting in part in this case and No. 24, supra.
No. 35. Securities and Exchange Commission, petitioner, v. Ameri-
ican Trailer Rentals Company. On writ of certiorari to the United
States Court of Appeals for the Tenth Circuit. Judgment reversed
and case remanded to the Court of Appeals for further proceedings
in conformity with the opinion of this Court. Opinion by Mr. Jus-
tice Goldberg.
No. 60. Nick Jankovich and Paul Jankovich, Co-partners, doing
business as Calumet Aviation Company, petitioners, v. Indiana Toll
Road Commission. On writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of
Indiana. Writ of certiorari dismissed as improvidently granted.
Opinion by Mr. Justice White. Dissenting opinion by Mr. Justice
Stewart with whom Mr. Justice Black joins.
No. 38. City of El Paso, appellant, v. Greenberry Simmons.
Appeal from the United States Court of Appeals for the Fifth Cir-
cuit. Judgment reversed and case remanded to the United States
District Court for the Western District of Texas for further proceed-
ings in conformity with the opinion of this Court. Opinion by Mr.
Justice White. Dissenting opinion by Mr. Justice Black.
No. 53. Wayne Turner, petitioner, v. Louisiana. On writ of certi-
orari to the Supreme Court of Louisiana. Judgment reversed and
case remanded to the Supreme Court of Louisiana for further pro-
ceedings not inconsistent with the opinion of this Court. Opinion
by Mr. Justice Stewart. Dissenting opinion by Mr. Justice Clark.
No. 40. John W. Stanford, Jr., petitioner, v. Texas. On writ of
certiorari to the 57th Judicial District Court of Bexar County, Texas.
Order denying motion to annul warrant and return seized property
vacated and case remanded to the 57th Judicial District Court of
Bexar County, Texas, for further proceedings not inconsistent with the
opinion of this Court. Opinion by Mr. Justice Stewart.
No. 178. Ben W. Fortson, Jr., as Secretary of State of Georgia,
appellant, v. James W. Dorsey et al. Appeal from the United States
District Court for the Northern District of Georgia. Judgment re-
versed and case remanded to the District Court for further proceedings
in conformity with the opinion of this Court. Opinion by Mr. Justice

MONDAY, JANUARY 18, 1965
134
Brennan. Concurring opinion by Mr. Justice Harlan. Dissenting
opinion by Mr. Justice Douglas.
No. 6. Aaron Henry, petitioner, v. Mississippi. On writ of certi-
orari to the Supreme Court of Mississippi. Judgment vacated and
case remanded to the Supreme Court of Mississippi for further pro-
ceedings not inconsistent with the opinion of this Court. Opinion by
Mr. Justice Brennan. Dissenting opinion by Mr. Justice Black. Dis-
senting opinion by Mr. Justice Harlan with whom Mr. Justice Clark
and Mr. Justice Stewart join.
No. 26. Whitney National Bank in Jefferson Parish, petitioner, v.
Bank of New Orleans and Trust Company et al.; and
No. 30. James J. Saxon, Comptroller of the Currency, petitioner, v.
Bank of New Orleans and Trust Company et al. On writs of certiorari
to the United States Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia
Circuit. Judgments reversed and cases remanded to the United States
District Court for the District of Columbia with directions to dismiss
the complaint. The judgment of this Court is stayed for 60 days to
afford the parties an opportunity to proceed as outlined in the opinion.
Opinion by Mr. Justice Clark. Dissenting opinion by Mr. Justice
Douglas. Dissenting opinion by Mr. Justice Black.
No. 46. People of the State of California et al., petitioners, v.
Lo-Vaca Gathering Company et al.;
No. 47. Southern California Gas Company et al., petitioners, v.
Lo-Vaca Gathering Company et al.; and
No. 57. Federal Power Commission, petitioner, v. Lo-Vaca Gather-
ing Company et al. On writs of certiorari to the United States Court
of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit. Judgment reversed and cases re-
manded to the Court of Appeals for further proceedings in conformity
with the opinion of this Court. Opinion by Mr. Justice Douglas.
Dissenting opinion by Mr. Justice Harlan. Mr. Justice White took
no part in the consideration or decision of these cases.
No. 59. United States, petitioner, v. First National City Bank. On
writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the Second
Circuit. Judgment reversed and case remanded to the United States
District Court for the Southern District of New York for further pro-
ceedings in conformity with the opinion of this Court. Opinion by Mr.
Justice Douglas. Dissenting opinion by Mr. Justice Harlan with
whom Mr. Justice Goldberg joins.
No. 300. Ben W. Fortson, Jr., as Secretary of State of Georgia,
et al., appellants, v. Henry J. Toombs et al. Appeal from the United
States District Court for the Northern District of Georgia. Decree
vacated in part and case remanded to the District Court for reconsider-
ation of the desirability and need for the on-going injunction in light
of the results of the 1964 election and the representations of appellees.

MONDAY, JANUARY 18, 1965
135
Opinion per curiam announced by Mr. Chief Justice Warren. Concur
ring opinion by Mr. Justice Clark. Opinion by Mr. Justice Harlan
with whom Mr. Justice Stewart joins concurring in part and dissenting
in part. Dissenting opinion by Mr. Justice Goldberg.
The Chief Justice said:
"The other orders of the Court have been certified by the Chief Jus-
tice and filed with the Clerk and will not be announced orally."
OPINIONS PER CURIAM
No. 25. National Labor Relations Board, petitioner, v. Adams
Dairy, Inc. On petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Court of Appeals for the Eighth Circuit. Petition for writ of certi-
orari granted, judgment vacated and case remanded to the Court of
Appeals for reconsiderations in light of Fibreboard Paper Products
Corp. v. Labor Board, No. 14, October Term, 1964, decided De-
cember 14, 1964. Opinion per curiam.
No. 544. Arrow Transportation Company et al., appellants, v. The
Cincinnati, New Orleans and Texas Pacific Railway Company et al.;
and
No. 545. Interstate Commerce Commission, appellant, v. The Cin-
cinnati, New Orleans and Texas Pacific Railway Company et al.
Appeals from the United States District Court for the Southern Dis-
trict of Ohio. Judgment vacated and cases remanded to the District
Court with instructions to enter an order remanding the case to the
Interstate Commerce Commission in light of the District Court's de-
terminations and for further proceedings not inconsistent with the
opinion of this Court. Opinion per curiam. Mr. Justice Black, Mr.
Justice Stewart, and Mr. Justice White would note probable jurisdic-
tion in these cases and set them for argument on the merits.
No. 552. Samuel C. Halpert et al., appellants, v. Stewart L. Udall,
individually and as Secretary of the Interior of the United States.
Appeal from the United States District Court for the Southern Dis-
trict of Florida. The motion to affirm is granted and the judgment is
affirmed. Opinion per curiam.
No. 553. George H. Winkle, appellant, v. William H. Bannan,
Warden. Appeal from the Supreme Court of Michigan. The mo-
tion to strike excerpts from the motion to dismiss is denied. The mo-
tion to dismiss is granted and the appeal is dismissed for want of
jurisdiction. Treating the papers whereon the appeal was taken as
a petition for writ of certiorari, certiorari is denied. Opinion per
curiam.
750-278-65--35

MONDAY, JANUARY 18, 1965
136
No. 557. Grant Thorn et al., appellants, v. Harrisburg Trust Com-
pany. Appeal from the United States Court of Appeals for the
Third Circuit. The motion to dismiss is granted and the appeal is
dismissed. Treating the papers whereon the appeal was taken as a
petition for writ of certiorari, certiorari is denied. Opinion per
curiam.
No. 563. W. L. D. Winship et al., appellants, v. City of Corpus
Christi, Texas. Appeal from the Court of Civil Appeals of Texas,
Thirteenth Supreme Judicial District. The motion to dismiss is
granted and the appeal is dismissed for want of jurisdiction. Treat-
ing the papers whereon the appeal was taken as a petition for writ of
certiorari, certiorari is denied. Opinion per curiam.
No. 564. Carmen Tisone, appellant, v. Ohio. Appeal from the
Supreme Court of Ohio. The motion to dismiss is granted and the
appeal is dismissed for want of jurisdiction. Treating the papers
whereon the appeal was taken as a petition for writ of certiorari,
certiorari is denied. Opinion per curiam.
No. 565. Kitty Hawk Development Co., appellant, v. The City of
Colorado Springs. Appeal from the Supreme Court of Colorado.
The motion to dismiss is granted and the appeal is dismissed for want
of jurisdiction. Treating the papers whereon the appeal was taken
as a petition for writ of certiorari, certiorari is denied. Opinion per
curiam.
No. 566. Morrison-Knudsen, Inc., et al., d/b/a Morrison-Kaiser-
Puger Sound-General, appellants, v. Washington. Appeal from the
Supreme Court of Washington. The motion to dismiss is granted
and the appeal is dismissed for want of jurisdiction. Treating the
papers whereon the appeal was taken as a petition for writ of cer-
tiorari, certiorari is denied. Opinion per curiam.
No. 600. Avis B. Voorhes et al., appellants, v. John Dempsey et al.
Appeal from the United States District Court for the District of Con-
necticut. The motion to affirm is granted and the judgment is affirmed.
Opinion per curiam.
No. 612. Edmund C. Sheridan, appellant, v. Alfred Gardner et al.
Appeal from the Superior Court of Massachusetts, Suffolk County.
The motions to dismiss are granted and the appeal is dismissed for
want of a substantial federal question. Opinion per curiam.
No. 263, Misc. Burl Eugene Lyles, petitioner, v. Dr. George J.
Beto, Director, Texas Department of Corrections. On petition for
writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the Fifth
Circuit. Motion for leave to proceed in forma pauperis and petition
for writ of certiorari granted. Judgment vacated and case remanded
to the Court of Appeals for reconsideration in light of Massiah v.
United States, 377 U.S. 201. Opinion per curiam.

MONDAY, JANUARY 18, 1965
ORDERS IN PENDING CASES
137
No. 18, Original. State of Illinois, plaintiff, v. State of Missouri.
The State of Missouri is directed to file a response within 30 days to the
motion for leave to file the bill of complaint.
No. 19, Original. A. R. Kelly et al., plaintiffs, v. E. H. Schmidt &
Assoc., Inc., et al. The motion to dispense with printing the motion
for leave to file the bill of complaint is granted. The motion for leave
to file the bill of complaint is denied.
No. 73. United States, appellant, v. Mississippi et al. The motion
of the appellees to strike portions of the brief and to strike the appendix
to the brief of the American Civil Liberties Union, as amicus curiae,
is denied.
No. 95. Victor Linkletter, petitioner, v. Victor G. Walker, Warden;
and
No. 578. George Angelet, petitioner, v. Edward M. Fay, Warden.
The motions of the National District Attorneys' Association for leave
to participate in oral argument, as amicus curiae, are granted.
No. 111. Department of Mental Hygiene of California, petitioner,
v. Evelyn Kirchner, Administratrix of the Estate of Ellinor Green
Vance. The motion of the National Association for Retarded Chil-
dren, Inc., et al., for leave to file a brief, as amici curiae, is granted.
No. 291. Minnesota Mining and Manufacturing Company, peti-
tioner, v. New Jersey Wood Finishing Company. The motion of
Reynolds Metals Company for leave to file a brief, as amicus curiae,
is granted.
No. 348. Marc D. Leh, etc., et al., petitioners, v. General Petroleum
Corporation et al. The petitioners are directed to file a response
within 20 days to the affidavits filed in opposition to the motion for
leave to proceed in forma pauperis.
No. 437. Otto V. Burnett, petitioner, v. New York Central Railroad
Company. The motion of Robert M. Dennis to withdraw his appear-
ance as counsel for the respondent is granted.
No. 482. Federal Communications Commission, petitioner, v. Taft
B. Schreiber et al. The motion of the Solicitor General for additional
time for oral argument is granted, and 15 additional minutes are
allotted to each side.
No. 670. Leone C. Finnell, petitioner, v. Leo Edwin Bromberg.
The motion of George N. Lieghton to withdraw his appearance as
counsel for the petitioner is granted.
No. 525, Misc. Dr. Karel Duda, etc., petitioner, v. United States
District Court for the District of Maryland. The Solicitor General is
invited to file a brief expressing the views of the United States.
1
1

MONDAY, JANUARY 18, 1965
APPEALS JURISDICTION NOTED
138
No. 538. United States, appellant, v. Huck Manufacturing Com-
pany et al. Appeal from the United States District Court for the
Eastern District of Michigan. In this case probable jurisdiction is
noted.
No. 179. Stanley M. Corbett, Guardian of the Property of Con-
stantine Neonakis, a minor, appellant, v. Viola Stergios, etc. Appeal
from the Supreme Court of Iowa. In this case probable jurisdiction
is noted and the case is placed on the summary calendar.
No. 598. The Western Pacific Railroad Company et al., appellants,
v. United States et al. Appeal from the United States District Court
for the Northern District of California. In this case probable juris-
diction is noted and the case is placed on the summary calendar.
CERTIORARI GRANTED
No. 602. Walker Process Equipment, Inc., petitioner, v. Food
Machinery and Chemical Corporation. Petition for writ of certiorari
to the United States Court of Appeals for the Seventh Circuit granted.
No. 464. L. W. Holt et al., petitioners, v. Virginia. Petition for
writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Appeals of Virginia
granted and case placed on the summary calendar.
No. 575. United States, petitioner, v. Ethel Mae Yazell. Petition
for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the
Fifth Circuit granted and case placed on the summary calendar.
No. 580. William T. Graham et al., petitioners, v. John Deere
Company of Kansas City et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to
the United States Court of Appeals for the Eighth Circuit granted
and case placed on the summary calendar.
No. 606. Interstate Commerce Commission, petitioner, v. Atlantic
Coast Line R. Co. et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United
States Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit granted and case placed.
on the summary calendar.
No. 626. Federal Trade Commission, petitioner, v. Mary Carter
Paint Co. et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit granted and case placed on
the summary calendar.
No. 646. United States, petitioner, v. Ray F. Speers, Trustee in
Bankruptcy of the Kurtz Roofing Company, etc. Petition for writ
of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the Sixth Cir-
cuit granted and case placed on the summary calendar.
No. 650. International Union, United Automobile, Aerospace and
Agricultural Implement Workers of America, AFL-CIO (Local 283),
"
1

MONDAY, JANUARY 18, 1965
139
petitioner, v. Russell Scofield et al. Petition for writ of certiorari
to the United States Court of Appeals for the Seventh Circuit granted
and case placed on the summary calendar.
No. 644. The United Gas Improvement Company, petitioner, v.
Continental Oil Company et al.; and
No. 693. Federal Power Commission, petitioner, v. M. H. Marr
et al. Petitions for writs of certiorari to the United States Court of
Appeals for the Fifth Circuit granted. Cases consolidated and a total
of two hours allotted for oral argument.
No. 652. United Steelworkers of America, AFL-CIO, petitioner,
v. R. H. Bouligny, Inc. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United
States Court of Appeals for the Fourth Circuit granted and case
placed on the summary calendar. Mr. Justice Goldberg took no part
in the consideration or decision of this petition.
No. 228, Misc. Paul V. Case, petitioner, v. Nebraska. Motion for
leave to proceed in forma pauperis and petition for writ of certiorari
to the Supreme Court of Nebraska granted. Case transferred to the
appellate docket and placed on the summary calendar.
CERTIORARI DENIED
No. 415. David A. Goldner, petitioner, v. Edward S. Silver, Dis-
trict Attorney, Kings County, New York. Petition for writ of cer-
tiorari to the Court of Appeals of New York denied.
No. 432. John McGinness, petitioner, v. Charles Luna, etc., et al.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Appellate Court of Illinois, First
District, denied.
No. 536. Andrew Cleveland Rogers III, et al., petitioners, v. United
States. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of
Appeals for the Sixth Circuit denied.
No. 539. House, Grossman, Vorhaus & Hemley, et al., petitioners,
v. Hudson & Manhattan Corporation. Petition for writ of certiorari
to the United States Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit denied.
No. 540. American Casualty Company of Reading, Pennsylvania,
petitioner, v. Line Materials Industries, etc. Petition for writ of
certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the Tenth Cir-
cuit denied.
No. 541. Benedetto Cinquegrano, petitioner, v. United States; and
No. 546. Rosario Mogavero, petitioner, v. United States. Petitions
for writs of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the
Second Circuit denied.
No. 547. Thomas J. Kehoe, etc., petitioner, v. Charles C. Boyle,
Executor of the Last Will and Testament of Michael Kehoe, etc., et al.
750-278-65- 36

MONDAY, JANUARY 18, 1965
140
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Common Pleas of Ohio,
Hamilton County, denied.
No. 548. Jasper Lee Robinson, by his Father and next friend, Willie
Robinson, petitioner, v. Illinois High School Association et al. Pe-
tition for writ of certiorari to the Appellate Court of Illinois, Second
District, denied.
No. 549. Dandy Products, Inc., et al, petitioners, v. Federal Trade
Commission. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Court of Appeals for the Seventh Circuit denied.
No. 550. Lawrence Y. S. Au et al., petitioners, v. Commissioner of
Internal Revenue. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit denied.
No. 551. The Chesapeake and Ohio Railway Company, petitioner,
v. Eugene Ludwig, etc., et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
United States Court of Appeals for the Sixth Circuit denied.
No. 556. Sakrete of Northern California, Inc., petitioner, v. Na-
tional Labor Relations Board. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
United States Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit denied.
No. 559. Edward C. Johnson 2d et al., petitioners, v. S. Harold
Levitt, Executor. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Court of Appeals for the First Circuit denied.
Commissioner of Internal
No. 569. William S. Herreshoff, petitioner, v. United States. Peti Revenue
tion for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for
the Second Circuit denied.
No. 570. Donald R. Lord et al., petitioners, v. Alvin M. Kelley, etc.,
et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of
Appeals for the First Circuit denied.
No. 572. Sidney Lefkowitz et ux., petitioners, v. Laurie W. Tom-
linson, District Director of Internal Revenue for the District of
Florida. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of
Appeals for the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 573. Harold C. Booth et al., petitioners, v. Varian Associates.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals.
for the First Circuit denied.
No. 574. Julius Garfinckel & Co., Incorporated, etc., petitioner, v.
Commissioner of Internal Revenue. Petition for writ of certiorari to
the United States Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit denied.
No. 576. William Joseph Russo, petitioner, v. United States.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the Seventh Circuit denied.
No. 579. St. Luke's Hospital Association of Cleveland, Ohio, of the
Methodist Church, petitioner, v. United States. Petition for writ of
WIF
New
"

MONDAY, JANUARY 18, 1965
141
certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the Sixth Circuit
denied.
No. 581. Harry P. Locklin and Elmer J. Brant, etc., petitioners, v.
Switzer Brothers, Inc., et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
United States Court of Appeals for the Seventh Circuit denied.
No. 582. The Purdy Company, petitioner, v. Argentina et al.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the Seventh Circuit denied.
No. 583. B & W, Inc., petitioner, v. Marvin K. Swofford et al.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 584. Camellia Apartments, Inc., et al., petitioners, v. United
States. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of
Claims denied.
No. 586. Stewart Bata Nash, etc., petitioner, v. N. V. Nederlandsche
Schoenen-Lederfabrieken Bata-Best, etc. Petition for writ of cer-
tiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the District of Colum-
bia Circuit denied.
No. 587. Ethel M. Boese et al., petitioners, v. Randolph-Wells
Building Corporation et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
United States Court of Appeals for the Seventh Circuit denied.
No. 589. Vincent Joseph, petitioner, v. Connecticut. Petition for
writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Errors of Connecticut
denied.
No. 590. Henry R. Ahlers, petitioner, v. United States. Petition
for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the
Second Circuit denied.
No. 591. South Puerto Rico Sugar Company Trading Corporation,
petitioner, v. United States. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
United States Court of Claims denied.
No. 592. Ronald J. Wojtas, etc., et al., petitioners, v. Village of
Niles, etc. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court
of Appeals for the Seventh Circuit denied.
No. 593. A. H. Karpe, petitioner, v. United States et al. Petition
for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Claims denied.
No. 594. Maryland Casualty Company, petitioner, v. Joseph P.
Jacobson. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court
of Appeals for the Eighth Circuit denied.
No. 595. Alice Schuringa et al., petitioners, v. City of Chicago
et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Illinois
denied.
No. 597. Theodore Cuff et ux., petitioners, v. Norman Van Bogart.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Ohio denied.

MONDAY, JANUARY 18, 1965
142
No. 599. O. B. Bruno et al., petitioners, v. Pennsylvania. Petition
for writ of certiorari to the Superior Court of Pennsylvania denied.
No. 601. Billie Sol Estes, petitioner, v. United States. Petition for
writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the Fifth
Circuit denied.
No. 603. Delaware Sports Service, etc., petitioner, v. The Diamond
State Telephone Company and Delaware. Petition for writ of cer-
tiorari to the Supreme Court of Delaware denied.
No. 604. Susie V. Watwood, petitioner, v. Real Estate Commission
of the District of Columbia. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
United States Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia Circuit
denied.
No. 607. Isidore Press et al., petitioners, v. United States. Petition
for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the
Second Circuit denied.
No. 608. Roger Bauman, Trustee, etc., petitioner, v. Choctaw-
Chickasaw Nations et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United
States Court of Appeals for the Tenth Circuit denied.
No. 609. Aeronautical Radio, Inc., et al., petitioners, v. United
States et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court
of Appeals for the Seventh Circuit denied.
No. 610. J. T. Jones, petitioner, v. Metzger Dairies, Inc. Petition
for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the
Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 613. Adam Clayton Powell, Jr., petitioner, v. Esther James.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals of New York
denied.
No. 614. Theodore Spector, petitioner, v. United States. Petition
for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Claims denied.
No. 615. Louie A. Falsetti, etc., et al., petitioners, v. Stella Marie
Lowman et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 618. Edward R. Godfrey et ux., petitioners, v. Commissioner
of Internal Revenue. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United
States Court of Appeals for the Sixth Circuit denied.
No. 619. S. B. Allen et al., petitioners, v. W. Lewis David et al.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 621. William H. Deck et al., petitioners, v. United States et al.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the District of Columbia Circuit denied.
་།

MONDAY, JANUARY 18, 1965
143
No. 622. Dennis J. Britt, Trustee of Frank James Damson, Bank-
rupt, petitioner, v. Alice J. Damson. Petition for writ of certiorari
to the United States Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit denied.
No. 627. The Great Atlantic & Pacific Tea Company, Inc., peti-
tioner, v. The Atchison, Topeka and Santa Fe Railway Company.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the Seventh Circuit denied.
No. 629. Grain Elevator, Flour and Fee Mill Workers, Interna-
tional Longshoremen Association, Local 418, AFL-CIO, petitioner, v.
Ross M. Madden, Regional Director of the Thirteenth Region of the
National Labor Relations Board, etc. Petition for a writ of cer-
tiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the Seventh Circuit
denied.
No. 630. Continental Casualty Company, Inc., et al., petitioners,
v. Allsop Lumber Company, Inc. et al. Petition for writ of certiorari
to the United States Court of Appeals for the Eighth Circuit denied.
No. 631. Robbins Men's & Boys' Wear Corp., petitioner, v. United
States. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of
Appeals for the Second Circuit denied.
No. 634. Linus Pauling, petitioner, v. News Syndicate Co., Inc.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the Second Circuit denied.
No. 637. Billy E. McClenny, petitioner, v. Colorado. Petition for
writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Colorado denied.
No. 638. Jays Foods, Inc., petitioner, v. National Labor Relations
Board et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court
of Appeals for the Seventh Circuit denied.
No. 639. Laura A. McClellan, petitioner, v. R. L. Phinney, District
Director of Internal Revenue, et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to
the United States Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 642. Croft-Mullins Electric Company, Inc., petitioner, v.
1 United States. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 647. Robert Borum, petitioner, v. Wisconsin on the Relation of
American Motors Corporation et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to
the Supreme Court of Wisconsin denied.
No. 648. Department of Fish and Game of the State of California,
petitioner, v. Federal Power Commission et al.; and
No. 659. Pacific Power & Light Company, petitioner, v. Federal
Power Commission. Petitions for writs of certiorari to the United
States Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit denied.
No. 651. B. R. Sheffield, petitioner, v. Ernest Brooks, Sheriff, etc.,
et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of
Appeals for the Fifth Circuit denied.
Howe

MONDAY, JANUARY 18, 1965
144
No. 653. Globe Slicing Machine Co., Inc., et al., petitioners, v. Rolf
K. Hasner et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit denied.
No. 654. Ng Sui Sang, petitioner, v. P. A. Esperdy, District Direc-
tor of the Immigration and Naturalization Service. Petition for
writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the
Second Circuit denied.
No. 656. Stanley S. Hershey et ux., petitioners, v. Commissioner
of Internal Revenue. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United
States Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit denied.
No. 658. South Dakota, petitioner, v. The National Bank of South
Dakota, Sioux Falls, et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
United States Court of Appeals for the Eighth Circuit denied.
No. 660. Edward F. Walker, petitioner, v. Pennsylvania. Petition
for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Pennsylvania, Eastern
District, denied.
No. 663. Ruth Matthews et vir., petitioners, v. Southern Pacific
Company, etc. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 664. Frank Romeo, petitioner, v. New Jersey. Petition for
writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of New Jersey denied.
No. 665. Texaco, Inc., petitioner, v. Wilmer M. Holsinger et al.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the Tenth Circuit denied.
No. 666. Mrs. Edna Britt, petitioner, v. United States. Petition
for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the
Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 667. Paul A. Gorin et al., petitioners, v. United States. Peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for
the First Circuit denied.
No. 668. Kelly Chambers, petitioner, v. Alaska. Petition for writ
of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Alaska denied.
No. 711. T. C. Fry, Jr., alias Matthew Grady, petitioner, v. United
States. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of
Appeals for the Second Circuit denied.
No. 388. Amalgamated Association of Street Electric Railway and
Motor Coach Employees of America, Division 1267, petitioner, v.
Dade County, Florida, et al. Motion for leave to supplement petition
for writ of certiorari granted. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
Supreme Court of Florida denied.
No. 554. Air Line Stewards and Stewardesses Association, Local
550, TWU, AFL-CIO, et al., petitioners, v. Transport Workers Union
of America et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States

"
MONDAY, JANUARY 18, 1965
145
Court of Appeals for the Seventh Circuit denied. Mr. Justice Gold-
berg took no part in the consideration or decision of this petition.
No. 562. The Quechan Tribe of the Fort Yuma Reservation, peti-
tioner, v. Clyde F. Thompson et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to
the United States Court of Claims denied. The Chief Justice took no
part in the consideration or decision of this petition.
No. 567. James Ramey, Jr., petitioner, v. United States. Motion
to dispense with printing the petition for writ of certiorari granted.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the Fourth Circuit denied.
No. 568. Kenneth M. Adams, petitioner, v. United States. Motion
to dispense with printing the petition for writ of certiorari granted.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the Eighth Circuit denied.
No. 605. David McReynolds et al., petitioners, v. Robert K. Chris-
tenberry, Postmaster, New York, et al. Petition for writ of certiorari
to the United States Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit denied.
Mr. Justice Black is of the opinion that certiorari should be granted
and the case set down for oral argument immediately following
Lamont v. Postmaster General of the United States, No. 491. Mr.
Justice White took no part in the consideration or decision of this
petition.
No. 616. City of Los Angeles, petitioner, v. Union Oil Company of
California. Petition for writ of certiorari to the District Court of
Appeal of California, Second Appellate District, denied. Mr. Justice
Harlan took no part in the consideration or decision of this petition.
No. 633. New York Stock Exchange, petitioner, v. William H.
Legate; and
No. 645. William H. Legate, petitioner, v. J. Joseph Maloney, Jr.,
Receiver. Motion for leave to file supplement to petition for writ of
certiorari in No. 633 granted. Petitions for writs of certiorari to the
United States Court of Appeals for the First Circuit denied.
No. 640. Ben B. Burrows, petitioner, v. Waggoner Carr, Attorney
General of Texas, et al. Motion to docket petition for writ of certi-
orari as of October 11, 1964, nunc pro tunc, or for other relief, denied.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Civil Appeals of Texas,
Fourth Supreme Judicial District, denied.
No. 641. Helene P. Pierre et al., petitioners, v. Frank M. Jordan,
Secretary of State of California, et al. Motion of petitioners' to strike
respondents' brief denied. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United
States Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit denied.
No. 649. In re Metro Holovachka, petitioner. Petition for writ of
certiorari to the Supreme Court of Indiana denied. Mr. Justice White
took no part in the consideration or decision of this petition.

MONDAY, JANUARY 18, 1965
146
No. 662. Oregon Stevedoring Company, Inc., petitioner, v. Italia
Societa per Azioni di Navigazione. Motion to use the record in No.
82, October Term, 1963, granted. Petition for writ of certiorari
to the United States Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit denied.
Mr. Justice Black is of the opinion that certiorari should be granted.
No. 11, Misc. Harold Robins, etc., petitioner, v. Martin Rarback,
etc., et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court
of Appeals for the Second Circuit denied.
No. 109, Misc. James Albert Gonzales, petitioner, v. Colorado.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Colorado
denied.
No. 160, Misc. Kenneth H. Neal, petitioner, v. E. L. Maxwell,
Warden. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of
Ohio denied.
No. 199, Misc. Elmer J. Crachy, petitioner, v. Warden of the State
Prison of Southern Michigan. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
United States Court of Appeals for the Sixth Circuit denied.
No. 211, Misc. Joseph Dailey, petitioner, v. Maryland. Petition
for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals of Maryland denied.
No. 289, Misc. Joseph Francis Newman, petitioner, v. United
States. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of
Appeals for the Eighth Circuit denied.
No. 317, Misc. Claude Williams, petitioner, v. United States. Pe-
tition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for
the Seventh Circuit denied.
No. 360, Misc. Edwin Marious Bertsch, petitioner, v. Texas. Pe-
tition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Criminal Appeals of Texas
denied.
No. 380, Misc. Robert V. Bogan, petitioner, v. Walter H. Wilkins,
Warden. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court
of Appeals for the Second Circuit denied.
No. 385, Misc. Karl H. Stello, petitioner, v. United States. Peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the
Third Circuit denied.
No. 393, Misc. Leonard S. Hirsh, petitioner, v. United States.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 412, Misc. Steve Czako, petitioner, v. James F. Maroney,
Warden. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court
of Appeals for the Third Circuit denied.
No. 460, Misc. Mae Jean Sullivan et al., petitioners, v. Anne Marie
Byrne Fouts et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme
Court of Montana denied.

MONDAY, JANUARY 18, 1965
147
No. 477, Misc. Felix S. Gamrecki, petitioner, v. United States.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the First Circuit denied.
No. 485, Misc. Valentin Ocasio Calo, petitioner, v. Supreme
Court of Puerto Rico et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
Supreme Court of Puerto Rico denied.
No. 490, Misc. Eugene H. Adams, petitioner, v. United States.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the District of Columbia Circuit denied.
No. 495, Misc. Floyd T. Stanturf, petitioner, v. Donald Sipes et al.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the Eighth Circuit denied.
No. 497, Misc. Claude M. Carpenter, petitioner, v. Sherman H.
Crouse, Warden. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Court of Appeals for the Tenth Circuit denied.
No. 499, Misc. Albert B. Crosby, petitioner, v. Alfred T. Rundle,
Superintendent, Eastern State Correctional Institution. Petition for
writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Pennsylvania, Eastern
District, denied.
No. 506, Misc. Constance A. Price, petitioner, v. United States.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Colorado
denied.
No. 516, Misc. Bobby M. Matthews, petitioner, v. United States.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 520, Misc. Gus Saunders, petitioner, v. United States. Peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the Sixth Circuit denied.
No. 522, Misc. Wilbur J. Rickert, Jr., petitioner, v. Robert G.
Smith, Warden, et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme
Court of Vermont denied.
No. 524, Misc. Johnny Lee Harris, petitioner, v. Florida. Peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Florida denied.
No. 532, Misc. Edward Abair, petitioner, v. Walter H. Wilkins,
Warden. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court
of Appeals for the Second Circuit denied.
No. 538, Misc. Miguel Rivera, petitioner, v. New York. Petition
for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals of New York denied.
No. 539, Misc. Thomas Maryanski, petitioner, v. David N. Myers,
Superintendent, State Correctional Institution. Petition for writ
of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the Third
Circuit denied.
1

MONDAY, JANUARY 18, 1965
148
No. 543, Misc. Matthew Mickens, petitioner, v. David N. Myers,
Superintendent, State Correctional Institution. Petition for writ
of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the Third
Circuit denied.
No. 544, Misc. Emanuel Brown, petitioner, v. Maryland. Peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals of Maryland denied.
No. 546, Misc. Donald R. Arbuckle, petitioner, v. Illinois. Peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of Winnebago County,
Illinois, denied.
No. 548, Misc. Robert Sanders, Jr., petitioner, v. Harold A. Cox,
Warden. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of New
Mexico denied.
No. 550, Misc. James E. Lathan, petitioner, v. George A. Kropp,
Warden. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court
of Appeals for the Sixth Circuit denied.
No. 552, Misc. Walter King, petitioner, v. Missouri. Petition for
writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Missouri denied.
No. 554, Misc. Harold Rohr, petitioner, v. New York. Petition
for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the
Second Circuit denied.
No. 556, Misc. Rocky Lupino, etc., petitioner, v. Minnesota. Pe-
tition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Minnesota denied.
No. 558, Misc. William R. Lizarraga, petitioner, v. California.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of California
denied.
No. 559, Misc. John Thomas Fitts, petitioner, v. United States.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the Tenth Circuit denied.
No. 560, Misc. Benjamin Barbaro, petitioner, v. New York. Pe-
tition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals of New York
denied.
No. 564, Misc. Clarence Mahurin, petitioner, v. James D. Carter,
Director, Division of Corrections, et al. Petition for writ of certiorari
to the United States Court of Appeals for the Eighth Circuit denied.
No. 565, Misc. Mary Nussbaum, petitioner, v. Charles K. Ware-
hime and Roadway Express, Inc. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
United States Court of Appeals for the Seventh Circuit denied.
No. 568, Misc. Harry Corbett Shafer et al., petitioners, v. Tennes-
see. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Tennessee,
Western Division, denied.
No. 569, Misc. Benjamin T. Guerrieri, petitioner, v. Ohio et al.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Ohio denied.

MONDAY, JANUARY 18, 1965
149
No. 577, Misc. Commodore Reed, Jr., petitioner, v. Frank J. Pate,
Warden. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of
Appeals for the Seventh Circuit denied.
No. 579, Misc. John A. Smith, petitioner, v. United States Fed-
eral Government. Petition of writ of certiorari to the United States
Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia Circuit denied.
No. 581, Misc. Robert Roberts, petitioner, v. Maryland. Petition
for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the
Fourth Circuit denied.
No. 582, Misc. Willie C. Engram, petitioner, v. United States.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the District of Columbia Circuit denied.
No. 583, Misc. Robert A. Jones, petitioner, v. California. Peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of California denied.
No. 584, Misc. William E. Simonton, petitioner, v. District Court
of Iowa, Lee County, Iowa, etc. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
United States Court of Appeals for the Eighth Circuit denied.
No. 585, Misc. Johnnie Clifford McDowell, petitioner, v. United
States. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of
Appeals for the Sixth Circuit denied.
No. 586, Misc. Ronald W. Metzger, petitioner, v. Illinois et al.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Illinois denied.
No. 590, Misc. Irvin C. Scarbeck, petitioner, v. United States.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the District of Columbia Circuit denied.
No. 592, Misc. George William Daegele, petitioner, v. Kansas.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Kansas denied.
No. 593, Misc. Robert A. Crump, petitioner, v. United States.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the District of Columbia Circuit denied.
No. 595, Misc. John Gwynn, petitioner, v. Edward M. Fay, War-
den. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of
Appeals for the Second Circuit denied.
No. 597, Misc. John Paul Ellis, petitioner, v. Oregon. Petition
for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Oregon denied.
No. 600, Misc. Robert Stanley Banks, petitioner, v. California.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of California
denied.
No. 601, Misc. George S. Hlozansky, petitioner, v. Harold A. Cox,
Superintendent of the Penitentiary of New Mexico. Petition for writ
of certiorari to the Supreme Court of New Mexico denied.

MONDAY, JANUARY 18, 1965
150
No. 603, Misc. Howard Wrege, petitioner, v. John C. Burke,
Warden. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of
Wisconsin denied.
No. 604, Misc. Hiram R. Brazzell, petitioner, v. E. L. Maxwell,
Warden et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court
of Ohio denied.
No. 606, Misc. Raymond Meholchick, petitioner, v. Harry E. Rus-
sell, Superintendent, State Correctional Institution. Petition for writ
of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the Third
Circuit denied.
No. 609, Misc. Karl David J. Farrell, petitioner, v. John C. Burke,
Warden. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of
Wisconsin denied.
No. 610, Misc. Richard Eugene Hickock, petitioner, v. Sherman
H. Crouse, Warden; and
No. 614, Misc. Perry Edward Smith, petitioner, v. Sherman H.
Crouse, Warden. Petitions for writs of certiorari to the United States
Court of Appeals for the Tenth Circuit denied.
No. 611, Misc. Dallas O. Williams, petitioner, v. United States.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the District of Columbia Circuit denied.
No. 615, Misc. Alfred Ravenell, petitioner, v. New Jersey. Peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of New Jersey denied.
No. 617, Misc. Ardis Oliver Smart, petitioner, v. Superior Court,
Sacramento County, Sacramento, California. Petition for writ of
certiorari to the Supreme Court of California denied.
No. 618, Misc. Cecil Ray Rinehart, petitioner, v. New Mexico.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of New Mexico
denied.
No. 620, Misc. Emanuel Gary, petitioner, v. Illinois. Petition
for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the
Seventh Circuit denied.
No. 623, Misc. Philip Craig, petitioner, v. Indiana. Petition for
writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the Sev-
enth Circuit denied.
No. 630, Misc. Wayne E. Dell, petitioner, v. New York. Petition
for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals of New York denied.
No. 639, Misc. William Lupo, petitioner, v. Edward M. Fay,
Warden. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of
Appeals for the Second Circuit denied.
No. 647, Misc. Frederick Gray, petitioner, v. Lawrence E. Wilson,
Warden, et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit denied.
W

MONDAY, JANUARY 18, 1965
151
No. 672, Misc. John Campbell, petitioner, v. United States. Peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for
the Seventh Circuit denied.
No. 673, Misc. George Levy Anthony, petitioner, v. New York.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals of New York
denied.
No. 674, Misc. William B. Sullivan, petitioner, v. Robert A.
Heinze, Warden. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit denied.
No. 680, Misc. Miguel Rivera, petitioner, v. New York. Petition
for writ of certiorari to the Appellate Division of the Supreme Court
of New York, First Judicial Department, denied.
No. 696, Misc. Edward William Porter, petitioner, v. United
States. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of
Appeals for the Ninth Circuit denied.
No. 578, Misc. Charles Townsend, petitioner, v. Richard B. Ogil-
vie, Sheriff of Cook County, et al. Motion of George N. Lieghton to
withdraw his appearance as counsel for the petitioner granted. Peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for
the Seventh Circuit denied.
No. 628, Misc. Adai Leser and Czali Leser, petitioners, v. United
States. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court
of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit and for other relief denied.
LEAVE TO FILE PETITIONS FOR WRITS OF HABEAS CORPUS DENIED
No. 607, Misc. James Eason, petitioner, v. Richard A. McGee,
Administrator of the Youth and Adult Corrections Agency of Cali-
fornia, et al.;
No. 613, Misc. Louis C. White and Frank Hudson, petitioners, v.
Lawrence E. Wilson, Warden, et al.;
No. 624, Misc. In the Matter of John Henry Roberts, petitioner;
No. 625, Misc. Charles Gratter, Jr., petitioner, v. Elbert V. Nash,
Warden;
No. 649, Misc. Walter Lee Martin, petitioner, v. Allen Cook,
Warden, et al.;
No. 654, Misc. Levi Lester Jackson, petitioner, v. Maryland;
No. 656, Misc. Honorio Adorno Lorenzana, petitioner, v. Puerto
Rico;
No. 693, Misc. Daniel Boone Hymes, petitioner, v. Walter E.
Dunbar, Director of Corrections of California, et al.;
No. 697, Misc. Maurice Ferro, petitioner, v. Walter Dunbar, Di-
rector of Corrections of California, et al.;
No. 716, Misc. Philip C. Macfadden, petitioner, v. United States
Government;
41
+

MONDAY, JANUARY 18, 1965
152
No. 717, Misc. Leon G. Schack, petitioner, v. Florida et al.; and
No. 740, Misc. William H. Jackson, petitioner, v. Maryland.
Motions for leave to file petitions for writs of habeas corpus denied.
No. 599, Misc. Charles Scott, petitioner, v. Sam A. Anderson,
Superintendent, District of Columbia Jail;
No. 626, Misc. Robert E. Leeper, Jr., petitioner, v. Sam A. Ander-
son, Superintendent, District of Columbia Jail;
No. 683, Misc. William G. Holland, petitioner, v. Sam A. Ander-
son;
No. 708, Misc. William F. Parsons, petitioner, v. Sam A. Ander-
son;
No. 719, Misc. Jerald D. Matthews, petitioner, v. Texas et al.;
and
No. 725, Misc. Jesse James Cantrell, petitioner, v. California et al.
Motions for leave to file petitions for writs of habeas corpus denied.
Treating the papers submitted as petitions for writs of certiorari,
certiorari is denied.
No. 710, Misc. William Foy Turpin, petitioner, v. E. L. Maxwell,
Warden, et al. Motion for leave to file petition for writ of habeas
corpus and for other relief denied.
LEAVE TO FILE PETITIONS FOR WRITS OF MANDAMUS DENIED
No. 533, Misc. Vondon Newman, petitioner, v. United States Dis-
trict Court for the Southern District of Ohio, etc.;
No. 598, Misc. Robert M. Williamson et al., petitioners, v. Annie
Gilmer et al.; and
No. 619, Misc. Nelson X. Canady, petitioner, v. Paul D. McGinnis,
Commissioner of Correction, etc., et al. Motions for leave to file
petitions for writs of mandamus denied.
REHEARINGS DENIED
No. 17. Jesse M. Calhoon, as President, or Herbert W. Peters, as
Secretary-Treasurer of District No. 1, National Marine Engineers'
Beneficial Association, AFL-CIO, petitioner, v. Raymond H. Harvey
et al., individually and on behalf of other persons similarly situated;
No. 137. Russell J. Straight, Mary D. Evans, and Josh J. Evans,
Co-Partners, doing business as Pryor Hay and Grain Company, et al.,
petitioners, v. James Talcott, Inc.;
No. 381. Northwestern Pacific Railroad Company, appellant, v.
Interstate Commerce Commission et al.;
No. 439. Jack Lewis Katz, petitioner, v. C. C. Peyton;
No. 449. Associated Press et al., appellants, v. Edwin A. Walker;
No. 458. Diana Kearny Powell, petitioner, v. National Savings and
Trust Company;

MONDAY, JANUARY 18, 1965
No. 461. Karl Haller et al., petitioners, v. United States;
No. 465. Rose Katz, petitioner, v. Ira G. Katz;
153
No. 472. Robert P. McCulloch, appellant, v. California Franchise
Tax Board;
No. 502. Union Leader Corporation, petitioner, v. The Haverhill
Gazette Company;
No. 517. Lewis W. Twombley, petitioner, v. City of Long Beach,
California, et al.;
No. 522. Air Line Pilots Association, International, et al., peti-
tioners, v. Aaxico Airlines, Inc.;
No. 125, Misc. Anthony Richard Avellino, petitioner, v. United
States;
No. 328, Misc. Floyd E. Bateman, petitioner, v. B. J. Rhay, Super-
intendent, Washington State Penitentiary;
No. 362, Misc. Elizabeth Harris, petitioner, v. James B. Turner
et al.;
No. 367, Misc. William H. Engling, petitioner, v. Sherman H.
Crouse, Warden;
No. 422, Misc. Joseph Bradford, petitioner, v. E. V. Nash,
Warden;
No. 463, Misc. Marvin Spires, petitioner, v. James L. Bottorff;
and
No. 488, Misc. Michael Gegenfurtner, petitioner, v. Wilbur J.
Schmidt, Director, Department of Public Welfare and Wisconsin.
Petitions for rehearing denied.
No. 17, Original. State of Nebraska, plaintiff, v. State of Iowa.
Motion of Roy M. Harrop for reconsideration of the denial of the
motion for leave to intervene denied.
No. 20. Walter C. Brulotte et al., petitioners, v. Thys Company.
Petition of petitioner for rehearing and clarification of opinion denied.
Petition of respondent for rehearing denied.
No. 55. Independent Petroleum Workers of America, Inc., peti-
tioner, v. American Oil Company. Petition for rehearing denied. Mr.
Justice Goldberg took no part in the consideration or decision of this
petition.
No. 157. American Export Lines, Inc., petitioner, v. Howard Ali
Ammar. Motion to substitute Gloria Dawn Ammar, as Adminis-
tratrix of the Estate of Howard Ali Ammar, Deceased, in the place
of Howard Ali Ammar granted. Motion for leave to file supplement
to petition for rehearing granted. Petition for rehearing denied.
No. 165. Charles Rosenthal, petitioner, v. United States. Petition
for rehearing denied. Mr. Justice White took no part in the consid-
eration or decision of this petition.
4

MONDAY, JANUARY 18, 1965
154
No. 494. Brotherhood of Railroad Trainmen et al., petitioners, v.
Louisville and Nashville Railroad Company. Petition for rehearing
denied. Mr. Justice Black is of the opinion that the petition for re-
hearing should be granted.
ORAL ARGUMENT
No. 28. United States, petitioner, v. Giacomo Ventresca. Argu-
ment commenced by Mr. Frank I. Goodman for the petitioner.
Adjourned until tomorrow at 10 o'clock.
The day call for Tuesday, January 19, 1965, will be as follows:
Nos. 28, 116, 111, 7, and 255.
☑

TUESDAY, JANUARY 19, 1965
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
155
Present: Mr. Chief Justice Warren, Mr. Justice Black, Mr. Justice
Douglas, Mr. Justice Clark, Mr. Justice Harlan, Mr. Justice Brennan,
Mr. Justice Stewart, Mr. Justice White, and Mr. Justice Goldberg.
ADMISSIONS TO THE BAR
James J. Bottomly, of Los Angeles, Calif., and Clifford E. Schleus-
ner, of Billings, Mont., on motion of Mr. Lee Metcalf; Harry E. Clair-
borne, of Las Vegas, Nev., on motion of Mr. Howard W. Cannon; Wil-
liam B. Magid, of Hollywood, Calif., on motion of Mr. James C. Cor-
man; Thomas Barr III, of New Orleans, La., on motion of Mr. Hale
Boggs; Alvin G. Khoury, of Longview, Tex., on motion of Mr. Lind-
ley G. Beckworth; Meyer M. Brilliant, of Miami, Fla., and Leon Levin,
of Miami, Fla., on motion of Mr. Dante Fascell; Ernest LaCoste, of
Modesto, Calif., on motion of Mr. John J. McFall; Vernon S. Hoium,
of Minneapolis, Minn., on motion of Mr. Donald M. Fraser; Johnston
Kimball Walker, of Bellflower, Calif., and Saul Grayson, of Los
Angeles, Calif., on motion of Mr. Richard T. Hanna; Robert D. Owen,
of Decatur, Ill., on motion of Mr. William L. Springer; James Marvin
Weinberg, of Los Angeles, Calif., on motion of Judge George Martin
Dell; Thomas C. Lynch, of Sacramento, Calif., on motion of Mr.
William H. Orrick, Jr.; Eugene A. Rerat, of Minneapolis, Minn., on
motion of Mr. Neil Brooks; David C. Black, of Farmington, Mo., on
motion of Mr. Bernard Fensterwald, Jr.; Barry I. Fredericks, of New
York, N.Y., on motion of Mr. David Campion Acheson; George J.
Mitchell, of Portland, Maine, and Jerome F. Goldberg, of Chicago, Ill.,
on motion of Mr. Edward G. Hudon; Justin Brocato, of Kalamazoo,
Mich., on motion of Mr. Harold D. Beaton; Paul P. Rao, Jr., of New
York, N.Y., on motion of Judge Joseph R. Jackson; Edgar R. Casper,
of Harrisburg, Pa., Donald James Murphy, of Scranton, Pa., and
Joseph Patrick Murphy, of Scranton, Pa., on motion of Mr. Robert
Lowe Kunzig; George I. Cline, of Morehead, Ky., and Richard S.
Weinstein, of Norwalk, Conn., on motion of Mr. Frank I. Goodman;
Harold Gruenberg, of St. Louis, Mo., on motion of Mr. Mozart G. Rat-
ner; Thomas D. Nabors, Jr., of Philadelphia, Pa., and George F. Reed,
of Philadelphia, Pa., on motion of Mr. David A. Sutherlund; Pierce
Paley, of New York, N.Y., on motion of Mr. Dexter Long Hanley;
Mark Edward Hurwitz, of Orange, Calif., on motion of Mr. Samuel
Hurwitz; Joseph Lucian Wyatt, Jr., of Pasadena, Calif., on motion of
Mr. Roger Kent; John P. Benjamin, of Tujunga, Calif., on motion of
Mr. Gordon McLean Callow; Edward A. Cazares, of Houston, Tex.,
750-278-65-37

TUESDAY, JANUARY 19, 1965
156
on motion of Mr. John Wildenthal, Jr.; LeRoy C. Corcoran, of Min-
neapolis, Minn., on motion of Mr. Michael John Galvin; David L.
Husman, of Chicago, Ill., on motion of Mr. Mitchell S. Dvoret;
Thomas Guy Watkinson, of Washington, D.C., on motion of Mr.
Lawrence Harold Hoover, Jr.; Stanley Irwin Westreich, of New York,
N.Y., on motion of Mr. Aaron R. Fodiman; Milton Horowitz, of New
York, N.Y., on motion of Mr. Saul J. Jaffe; George Allen Butler, of
Dallas, Tex., on motion of Mr. William L. Keller; George William
Fryhofer, of Waynesboro, Ga., on motion of Miss Carol Cox; William
Joseph Delany, of Silver Spring, Md., and John J. O'Donnell, Jr., of
Washington, D.C., on motion of Mr. Robert B. Gaston; George O.
Hanawalt, of Champaign, Ill., on motion of Mr. John Jay O'Donnell,
were admitted to practice.
ORAL ARGUMENT
No. 28. United States, petitioner, v. Giacomo Ventresca. Argu-
ment continued by Mr. Matthew R. McCann for the respondent and
concluded by Mr. Frank I. Goodman for the petitioner.
No. 116. Thomas J. Crider, petitioner, v. Zurich Insurance Com-
pany. Leave granted Max C. Pope to appear and present oral argu-
ment for the petitioner, pro hac vice, on motion of Mr. Foster
Etheredge. Argued by Mr. Max C. Pope for the petitioner, pro hac
vice, and by Mr. Foster Etheredge for the respondent.
No. 111. Department of Mental Hygiene of California, petitioner,
v. Evelyn Kirchner, Administratrix of the Estate of Ellinor Green
Vance. Argued by Mrs. Elizabeth Palmer for the petitioner and by
Mr. Alan A. Dougherty for the respondent.
No. 7. National Labor Relations Board, petitioner, v. John Brown
et al. Argued by Mr. Norton J. Come for the petitioner and by Mr.
William L. Keller for the respondents.
Adjourned until tomorrow at 10:30 o'clock.
1
1

WEDNESDAY, JANUARY 20, 1965
157
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: Mr. Chief Justice Warren, Mr. Justice Black, Mr. Justice
Douglas, Mr. Justice Clark, Mr. Justice Harlan, Mr. Justice Brennan,
Mr. Justice Stewart, Mr. Justice White, and Mr. Justice Goldberg.
ADMISSIONS TO THE BAR
James B. Donart, of Weiser, Idaho, on motion of Mr. Frank
Church; H. F. Patterson, of Columbia, Mo., on motion of Mr. Richard
H. Ichord; Champ Clark Gibson, of Meridian, Miss., on motion of
Mr. Wm. Ephraim Cresswell; and Daniel Albert Rezneck, of Troy,
N.Y., on motion of Mr. Frank Ira Goodman, were admitted to prac-
tice.
The Court adjourned for the purpose of attending the inaugura-
tion of the President of the United States.
The oath of office was administered to the Honorable Lyndon Baines
Johnson as President of the United States by the Chief Justice.
Adjourned until tomorrow at 10 o'clock.
The day call for Thursday, January 21, 1965, will be as follows:
Nos. 255, 171, 98, and 232.
✓
750-278-465--38

THURSDAY, JANUARY 21, 1965
158
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: Mr. Chief Justice Warren, Mr. Justice Black, Mr. Justice
Douglas, Mr. Justice Clark, Mr. Justice Harlan, Mr. Justice Brennan,
Mr. Justice Stewart, Mr. Justice White, and Mr. Justice Goldberg.
ADMISSIONS TO THE BAR
James E. Faust, of Salt Lake City, Utah, on motion of Mr. Frank E.
Moss; Benjamin Smith, Jr., of Waycross, Ga., and Israel Katz, of
Atlanta, Ga., on motion of Mr. Charles Longstreet Weltner; Paul W.
Anderson, of Marshall, Tex., on motion of Mr. Graham B. Purcell, Jr.;
Harmon S. Puckett, Jr., of Youngstown, Ariz., on motion of Mr.
Morris K. Udall; George Milton Higginbotham, of Bessemer, Ala.,
on motion of Mr. Armistead I. Selden, Jr.; Doyle John Borchers, of
Annapolis, Md., and John Granville Liebert, of Bethesda, Md., on
motion of Judge Wilson Cowen%; Phyllis Norton Cooper, of Los
Angeles, Calif., and Grant B. Cooper, of Los Angeles, Calif., on
motion of Mr. Charles E. Pledger, Jr.; Fred M. Bush, Jr., of Tupelo,
Miss., on motion of Mr. Wm. Ephraim Cresswell; Marvin Dicker, of
New York, N.Y., and Thomas F. Delaney, of New York, N.Y., on
motion of Mr. Burton A. Zorn; Manuel L. Real, of San Pedro, Calif.,
on motion of Mr. William J. Brady, Jr.; Frank Michael Covey, Jr.,
of Chicago, Ill., on motion of Mr. Donald Hugh Green; Scallan E.
Walsh, of Baton Rouge, La., on motion of Mr. Jack Norman Rogers;
John P. Ryan, of Kansas City, Mo., on motion of Mr. Maurice B.
Tobin; Mitchel Van Zicarelli, of Nashville, Tenn., on motion of Mr.
William Garrison Allen; W. Kendall Baker, of Houston, Tex., Bailey
Edgar Tynes, Jr., of Houston, Tex., and Joseph Michael Guarino, of
Houston, Tex., on motion of Mr. Walter James Kronzer; Robert J.
Clerkin, of New York, N.Y., on motion of Mr. Kevin T. Maroney;
William Arthur Jennings, of San Jose, Calif., on motion of Mr.
Mitchell Samuelson; and Irby L. Dyer, of Midland, Tex., on motion
of Mr. L. Welch Pogue, were admitted to practice.
No. 255. The American Ship Building Company, petitioner, v.
National Labor Relations Board. Argued by Mr. William S. Ty-
son for the petitioner and by Mr. Norton J. Come for the respondent.
No. 171. Eddie V. Hanna, petitioner, v. Edward M. Plumer, Jr.,
Executor. Leave granted Albert P. Zabin to appear and present oral
argument for the petitioner, pro hac vice, on motion of Mr. James J.
Fitzpatrick. Argued by Mr. Albert P. Zabin for the petitioner, pro
hac vice, by special leave of Court, and by Mr. James J. Fitzpatrick
for the respondent.
750-278-65--39
戴
{

THURSDAY, JANUARY 21, 1965
159
No. 98. National Labor Relations Board, petitioner, v. Metropolitan
Life Insurance Company. Argued by Mr. Daniel M. Friedman for
the petitioner and by Mr. Burton A. Zorn for the respondent.
No. 232. United States, appellant, v. Boston and Maine Railroad
et al. Argued by Mr. Robert B. Hummel for the appellant and by
Mr. Edward O. Proctor, Sr., for the appellees.
Adjourned until Monday, January 25, 1965, at 10 o'clock.
The day call for Monday, January 25, 1965, will be as follows: Nos.
52, 17, Orig., and 19.
☑

MONDAY, JANUARY 25, 1965
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
160
Present: Mr. Chief Justice Warren, Mr. Justice Black, Mr. Justice
Douglas, Mr. Justice Clark, Mr. Justice Harlan, Mr. Justice Bren-
nan, Mr. Justice Stewart, Mr. Justice White, and Mr. Justice Gold-
berg.
ADMISSIONS TO THE BAR
Lawrence Michael Dubin, of Chicago, Ill., Petros A. Kotsos, of
Baltimore, Md., and Marvin Richard Loewy, of Rockville, Md., on
motion of Mr. Solicitor General Archibald Cox; Charles M. Duecy,
of Scottsdale, Ariz., on motion of Mr. Henry M. Jackson; William
J. Yost, of Des Moines, Iowa, on motion of Mr. Jack R. Miller;
Bruce Charles Waltzer, of New Orleans, La., on motion of Mr. Arthur
Kinoy; Lavern Dale Harris, of Kerrville, Tex., on motion of Mr.
Charles M. Johnston; Anton Hohler, of Boise, Idaho, on motion of
Mr. Faber F. Tway; Robert Clayton McHugh, of Colorado Springs,
Colo., on motion of Mr. James Lawrence White; Raymond Joseph
Opperman, of Findley, Ohio, on motion of Mr. Harold L. Kennedy;
Eugene F. Toro, of Providence, R.I., on motion of Mr. James T.
Duffy; R. E. Van Norstrand, of Darien, Conn., and Fred O. Hull,
of Houston, Tex., on motion of Mr. Roy Dale Adcock; Graydon Dean
Luthey, of Bartlesville, Okla., on motion of Mr. Bernard A. Foster,
Jr.; Matthew White Perry, Jr., of Washington, D.C., and James
Franklin Rill, of Washington, D.C., on motion of Mr. Robert Paul
Stranahan, Jr.; Robert C. Flowers, Jr., of Austin, Tex., on motion of
Mr. Kenneth H. Burns; Paul W. Hicks, of Dallas, Tex., on motion of
Mr. Robert W. Henderson; Bernard G. Link, of Baltimore, Md., on
motion of Mr. Lowell Goerlick; and Hugh Robert Overhold, of
Eureka Springs, Ark., Peter James Kenny, of Sharon, Conn., Edgar
C. Platt, of Bethel, Conn., Henry Russell Thomas, of Winder, Ga.,
Edward Stanley Adamkewicz, Jr., of Chicago, Ill., Howard Mont-
gomery Hougen, of Cedar Falls, Iowa, Jabez Whitford Loane, IV,
of Baltimore, Md., Joseph Edward Donahue, of Newburyport, Mass.,
Bruce Edward Stevenson, of Detroit, Mich., James Edwin Toms, of
Ely, Minn., Carl Whitney Welborn, of Hattiesburg, Miss., Romulus
A. Picciotti, of Rochester, N.Y., Lionel G. Batley, Jr., of Jamaica,
N.Y., John E. Kiernan, of Jamaica, N.Y., Laurence John Beltman,
of Raleigh, N.C., Edward Allen Lassiter, of Sunbury, N.C., James
Kucera, of Yankton, S. Dak., Fred Bright, Jr., of Knoxville, Tenn.,
Robert Walter Jones, of San Antonio, Tex., Bryan Stulting Spencer,
of El Paso, Tex., and Sebert L. Trail, of Charleston, W. Va., on mo-
tion of Mr. William S. Fulton, Jr., were admitted to practice.
750-278-65--40
$

MONDAY, JANUARY 25, 1965
OPINION
161
No. 43. Republic Steel Corporation, petitioner, v. Charlie Maddox.
On writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Alabama. Judgment
reversed and case remanded to the Supreme Court of Alabama for
further proceedings not inconsistent with the opinion of this Court.
Opinion by Mr. Justice Harlan. Dissenting opinion by Mr. Justice
Black.
The Chief Justice said:
"The other orders of the Court have been certified by the Chief
Justice and filed with the Clerk and will not be announced orally."
OPINIONS PER CURIAM
No. 560. Lester Davis, petitioner, v. The Baltimore and Ohio Rail-
road Company. On petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of
Appeals of Maryland. Petition for writ of certiorari granted, judg-
ment reversed, and case remanded to the Court of Appeals of Mary-
land for further proceedings not inconsistent with the opinion of this
Court. Opinion per curiam. Concurring opinion by Mr. Justice Har-
lan. Concurring opinion by Mr. Justice Stewart.
No. 698. Lisbon Salesbook Company et al., appellants, v. Ohio.
Appeal from the Supreme Court of Ohio. The appeal is dismissed
for want of jurisdiction. Treating the papers whereon the appeal
was taken as a petition for writ of certiorari, certiorari is denied.
Opinion per curiam.
ORDERS IN PENDING CASES
No. 240. Local Union No. 189, Amalgamated Meat Cutters, and
Butcher Workmen of North America, AFL-CIO, et al., petitioners,
v. Jewel Tea Company, Inc. The motion of American Farm Bureau
Federation for leave to file a brief, as amicus curiae, is granted. The
motion of National Livestock Feeders Association et al., for leave to
file a brief, as amici curiae, is granted. The motion of The National
Independent Meat Packers Association for leave to file a brief, as
amicus curiae, is granted.
No. 360. A. M. Harman, Jr., et al., appellants, v. Lars Forssenius
et al. The motion of the Solicitor General for leave to participate
in the oral argument, as amicus curiae, is granted and fifteen min-
utes are allotted for that purpose. Counsel for the appellants is
allotted an additional fifteen minutes for oral argument. The motion
of the appellants to strike the brief, as amicus curiae, of the Solicitor
General is denied. Counsel for the appellants are allowed thirty days
from the date of service to file a reply to the brief of the Solicitor
General.

MONDAY, JANUARY 25, 1965
162
No. 489. United States, petitioner, v. Atlas Life Insurance Com-
pany. The motion of the Solicitor General to enlarge the time for
oral argument is granted and a total of one hour is allotted to the
petitioner. Counsel for the respondent is allotted a total of forty-five
minutes for oral argument. The motion of the Attorney General of
Louisiana et al. for leave to participate in the oral argument on behalf
of the respondent, as amici curiae, is granted.
No. 688. Baldo M. Kristovich, Public Administrator, petitioner, v.
Shu Tong Ng. The Solicitor General is invited to file a brief express-
ing the views of the United States.
CERTIORARI GRANTED
No. 695. United States, petitioner, v. Thomas F. Johnson. Peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for
the Fourth Circuit granted. Mr. Justice White took no part in the
consideration or decision of this petition.
CERTIORARI DENIED
No. 107. Coffee County, Tennessee, petitioner, v. City of Tullahoma.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the Sixth Circuit denied.
No. 655. Edgar F. Smith, petitioner, v. United States. Petition for
writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the
Seventh Circuit denied.
No. 669. The Klix Corporation, petitioner, v. Cable Vision, Inc.,
et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of
Appeals for the Ninth Circuit denied.
No. 670. Leone C. Finnell, petitioner, v. Leo Edwin Bromberg.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Nevada denied.
No. 672. Joseph Grandinetti et ux., petitioners, v. United States.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the Third Circuit denied.
No. 674. Jacuzzi Bros., Inc., et al., petitioners, v. Landon, Inc.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the Ninth Circuit denied.
No. 675. Port of Seattle, petitioner, v. Glenn A. Martin et al. Pe-
tition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Washington
denied.
No. 677. The Guiberson Corporation et al., petitioners, v. Jack C.
Webber et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States.
Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 686. United Mine Workers of America, petitioner, v. Sunfire
Coal Company et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United
States Court of Appeals for the Sixth Circuit denied.
E
"

MONDAY, JANUARY 25, 1965
163
No. 687. Industrial Shoe Machinery Corp., petitioner, v. United
Shoe Machinery Corporation. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
United States Court of Appeals for the First Circuit denied.
No. 689. The City of Tulsa, Oklahoma, petitioner, v. Midwestern
Developments, Inc. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United
States Court of Appeals for the Tenth Circuit denied.
No. 691. Brotherhood of Railroad Trainmen, AFL-CIO, peti-
tioner, v. Florida East Coast Railway Company. Petition for writ of
certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit
denied.
No. 697. William R. Eddleman, petitioner, v. Supreme Court of
Washington. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court
of Washington denied.
No. 699. Far East Conference et al., petitioners, v. Federal Mari-
time Commission et al.;
No. 700. Pacific Coast European Conference, petitioner, v. Federal
Maritime Commission et al.; and
No. 703. Far East Conference, petitioner, v. Federal Maritime
Commission et al. Petitions for writs of certiorari to the United
States Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia Circuit denied.
No. 701. Dr. Henry Turkel et al., petitioners, v. Food and Drug
Administration, Department of Health, Education and Welfare.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the Sixth Circuit denied.
No. 702. Louis H. Comi, petitioner, v. United States. Petition for
writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the Fourth
Circuit denied.
No. 588. C. E. Russ, petitioner, v. Southern Railway Company.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the Sixth Circuit denied. Mr. Justice Black, Mr. Justice Brennan
and Mr. Justice Goldberg are of the opinion that certiorari should be
granted.
No. 690. American International Aluminum Corp., petitioner, v.
United Steelworkers of America, AFL-CIO. Petition for writ of
certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit
denied. Mr. Justice Goldberg took no part in the consideration or
decision of this petition.
No. 177, Misc. John Edward Kirby, petitioner, v. Warden of the
Maryland Penitentiary. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court
of Appeals of Maryland denied.
No. 217, Misc. Guy J. Wright, petitioner, v. United States et al.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the District of Columbia Circuit denied.

MONDAY, JANUARY 25, 1965
164
No. 226, Misc. Melvin C. Holt, petitioner, v. United States. Peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for
the Seventh Circuit denied.
No. 292, Misc. Alastair Kyle, petitioner, v. United States. Peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for
the Second Circuit denied.
No. 294, Misc. Robert F. Urbano, petitioner, v. New Jersey. Pe-
tition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for
the Third Circuit denied.
No. 350, Misc. Robert Sanchez Suraez, petitioner, v. United
States. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of
Appeals for the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 353, Misc. Elizabeth P. Comley, petitioner, v. United States;
and
No. 399, Misc. Kenneth Eddie Chow, petitioner, v. United States.
Petitions for writs of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the Tenth Circuit denied.
No. 421, Misc. Angelo Moret et ux., petitioners, v. United States.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the Second Circuit denied.
No. 427, Misc. Willard Jones, petitioner, v. United States. Peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for
the Seventh Circuit denied.
No. 472, Misc. Edward William Stapf, petitioner, v. United
States. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of
Appeals for the District of Columbia Circuit denied.
No. 509, Misc. Melvin Leroy Mahler, petitioner, v. United States.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the Tenth Circuit denied.
No. 629, Misc. David Jacob Seiterle, petitioner, v. L. E. Wilson,
Warden. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of
California denied.
No. 633, Misc. Roy B. Smith, petitioner, v. California. Petition
for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of California denied.
No. 638, Misc. Martin Joseph Werner, petitioner, v. Pennsylvania.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Pennsylvania,
Eastern District, denied.
No. 641, Misc. Charles Edward Dorsey, petitioner, v. United
States. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of
Appeals for the Sixth Circuit denied.
No. 651, Misc. Melvin Connie-Mack Carty, petitioner, v. Florida.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the Seventh Circuit denied.
!

MONDAY, JANUARY 25, 1965
165
No. 662, Misc. Arbie Robert Cummings, petitioner, v. Vernon L.
Pepersack, Warden. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United
States Court of Appeals for the Fourth Circuit denied.
No. 666, Misc. Richard Mayberry, petitioner, v. Harry E. Russell,
Superintendent, State Correctional Institution. Petition for writ of
certiorari to the Supreme Court of Pennsylvania, Eastern District,
denied.
No. 684, Misc. Alex Jennings, petitioner, v. California. Petition
for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the
Ninth Circuit denied.
No. 705, Misc. George T. Moore, petitioner, v. United States. Pe-
tition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the Eighth Circuit denied.
No. 720, Misc. Willie Joseph Edwards, petitioner, v. United
States. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of
Appeals for the Sixth Circuit denied.
No. 652, Misc. Louis Charles Harris, petitioner, v. E. L. Maxwell,
Warden, et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Court of Appeals for the Sixth Circuit and for other relief denied.
LEAVE TO FILE PETITION FOR WRIT OF CERTIORARI DENIED
No. 430, Misc. Lee Colligan, petitioner, v. Thomas E. Rosetti,
Property Clerk, New York County, et al. Motion for leave to file
petition for writ of certiorari denied.
LEAVE TO FILE PETITION FOR WRIT OF HABEAS CORPUS DENIED
No. 531, Misc. Barney P. Bennett, petitioner, v. Frank J. Pate,
Warden. Motion for leave to file petition for writ of habeas corpus
denied.
REHEARINGS DENIED
No. 5. Frank James Lupper et al., petitioners, v. Arkansas;
No. 528. Hy-Lan Furniture Company, Inc., petitioner, v. Thomas
J. Wilson, as Trustee in Bankruptcy of Georgetown Galleries, Inc.,
et al.;
No. 457, Misc. Emmett J. Stebbins, petitioner, v. Phillip Young
et al.; and
No. 496, Misc. In the Matter of Emmett J. Stebbins, petitioner ;
No. 480, Misc. Carolyn P. Mullen, petitioner, v. Donald D.
Brewer, Director, Department of Public Welfare, D.C.;
No. 484, Misc. Samuel Broyde, petitioner, v. Benjamin C. Willis
et al.;
1

MONDAY, JANUARY 25, 1965
166
No. 493, Misc. Rebecca Simon Wolfsohn, etc., petitioner, v. Hon.
David L. Bazelon, Chief Judge, United States Court of Appeals for
the District of Columbia Circuit, et al.; and
No. 518, Misc. Harold Emerich, petitioner, v. Al Sirat Grotto,
Mystic Order of the Enchanted Realm, et al. Petitions for rehear-
ing denied.
RECESS ORDER
The Court will take a recess from Monday, February 1, 1965, until
Monday, March 1, 1965.
ORAL ARGUMENT
No. 52. James A. Dombrowski et al., appellants, v. James H. Pfister,
etc., et al. Argued by Mr. Leon Hubert and Mr. Arthur Kinoy for
the appellants and by Mr. John E. Jackson, Jr., and Mr. Jack N.
Rogers for the appellees.
No. 17, Original. State of Nebraska, plaintiff, v. State of Iowa.
Argued by Mr. Howard H. Moldenhauer for the plaintiff and by
Mr. William J. Yost for the defendant.
No. 19. The American Oil Company, appellant, v. P. G. Neill et al.
Argument commenced by Mr. Frank I. Goodman for the appellant.
Adjourned until tomorrow at 10 o'clock.
The day call for Tuesday, January 26, 1965, will be as follows: Nos.
19, 73, 67, and 48.
✓

TUESDAY, JANUARY 26, 1965
167
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: Mr. Chief Justice Warren, Mr. Justice Black, Mr. Justice.
Douglas, Mr. Justice Clark, Mr. Justice Harlan, Mr. Justice Brennan,
Mr. Justice Stewart, Mr. Justice White, and Mr. Justice Goldberg.
ADMISSIONS TO THE BAR
Frank M. Dunbaugh III, of Falls Church, Va., Hugh D. Jascourt,
of Washington, D.C., and Donald C. McDevitt, of Naperville, Ill., on
motion of Mr. Solicitor General Archibald Cox; Addison L. Strong,
of Albuquerque, N. Mex., on motion of Mr. Joseph M. Montoya; Dean
W. Borthwick, of Cheyenne, Wyo., on motion of Mr. Milward L. Simp-
son; Wayne E. Windle, of El Paso, Tex., on motion of Mr. Richard
C. White; Harry J. Kron, Jr., of Thibodaux, La., on motion of Mr.
Joseph T. Patterson; Robert Phillip Haire, of West Jefferson, N.C.,
Walter Herbert Mayo, of St. Paul, Minn., and James Zeph Howey, of
Fort Mill, S.C., on motion of Mr. Roy Dale Adcock; Walter B. Mor-
gan, of Houston, Tex., on motion of Mr. William H. Allen; Leo Segall,
of Chicago, Ill., on motion of Mr. Bernard Dunau; Grover L. Severs,
of Elyria, Ohio, and Arthur P. Steinmetz, of Cleveland, Ohio, on
motion of Mr. Earl Kintner; Vernon Henry Humbert, of Cincinnati,
Ohio, on motion of Mr. Patrick J. Regan; Andre Anthony Aversa, of
Houston, Tex., on motion of Mr. George W. Willis; Paul Vincent
Shaughnessy, of Waltham, Mass., on motion of Mr. Wm. Stanley
Tennant; Burney Walker, of Waco, Tex., on motion of Mr. Robert C.
Bruce; Richard Kent Bernstein, of New York, N.Y., and Claude
Lewy, of New York, N.Y., on motion of Mr. Joseph A. Fanelli; John
Thomas Guyton, of Shreveport, La., on motion of Mr. Stanley M.
Morley; Samuel Weisbard, of Chicago, Ill., on motion of Mr. Theodore
A. Groenke; and Melvin Carl Garbow, of Alexandria, Va., on motion
of Mr. William Lawrence McGovern, were admitted to practice.
ORAL ARGUMENT
No. 19. The American Oil Company, appellant, v. P. G. Neill et al.
Argument continued by Mr. Frank I. Goodman for the appellant, by
Mr. Allan G. Shepard for the appellees, and concluded by Mr. Frank
I. Goodman for the appellant.
No. 73. United States, appellant, v. Mississippi et al. Argued by
Mr. Solicitor General Cox for the appellant and by Mr. Charles Clark
for the appellees.
750-278-65--41

TUESDAY, JANUARY 26, 1965
168
No. 67. Louisiana et al., appellants, v. United States. Argument
commenced by Mr. Harry J. Kron, Jr., for the appellants.
Adjourned until tomorrow at 10 o'clock.
The day call for Wednesday, January 27, 1965, will be as follows:
Nos. 67, 48, and 240.
☑

WEDNESDAY, JANUARY 27, 1965
169
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: Mr. Chief Justice Warren, Mr. Justice Black, Mr. Justice
Douglas, Mr. Justice Clark, Mr. Justice Harlan, Mr. Justice Brennan,
Mr. Justice Stewart, Mr. Justice White, and Mr. Justice Goldberg.
ADMISSIONS TO THE BAR
Irving G. Breyer, of San Francisco, Calif., James S. Eaton, of
Gulfport, Miss., Charles R. Galloway, of Gulfport, Miss., Owen T.
Palmer, Jr., of Gulfport, Miss., and B. Kenneth Gatlin, of Talla-
hassee, Fla., on motion of Mr. Solicitor General Archibald Cox;
Wilkes Coffey, Jr., of Murfreesboro, Tenn., on motion of Mr. Joe L.
Evins; Arthur D. Dalessandro, of Exeter, Pa., on motion of Mr.
Daniel F. Flood; Carla Anderson Hills, of Los Angeles, Calif., on
motion of Mr. Roderick Maltman Hills; James R. Hutter, of Los
Angeles, Calif., on motion of Mr. Joseph F. Spaniol, Jr.; Preston H.
Dial, Jr., of San Antonio, Tex., on motion of Mr. Charles M. Johnston;
Jerome G. Taylor, of Knoxville, Tenn., on motion of Mr. John A.
Rowntree; Joseph T. McFadden, of Washington, D.C., on motion of
Mr. Harold H. Bacon; Paul P. Senio, of Washington, D.C., on motion
of Mr. John Y. Merrell; Robert D. Flynn, of New York, N.Y., on
motion of Mr. John Howard Lewis, Jr.; Carl J. Lorenz, Jr., of Balti-
more, Md., on motion of Mr. Robert L. May, Jr.; Mervin Yontil
Auslander, of Baltimore, Md., on motion of Mr. Gerald Ney Klauber;
Herbert Alan Johnson, of New York, N.Y., and Joseph Nicholas
Wiltgen, of Chicago, Ill., on motion of Mr. Louis V. di Donato;
Robert Emmett O'Connell, of St. Paul, Minn., and Arthur Richard
Renquist, of St. Paul, Minn., on motion of Mr. Lewis A. Rivlin;
Charles I. Hopkins, Jr., of Chicago, Ill., and James R. Wolfe, of
Chicago, Ill., on motion of Mr. W. Scott Macgill, Jr.; Norman S.
Nemser, of New York, N.Y., Stanley Nemser, of New York, N.Y., and
William E. Taylor, Jr., of Wilmington, Del., on motion of Mr. Harold
Leventhal; and Theodore J. Criares, of New Brunswick, N.J., William
Harold Saltzman, of New York, N.Y., and Emil Scheller, of New
York, N.Y., on motion of Mr. Merle J. Smith, were admitted to
practice.
ORAL ARGUMENT
No. 67. Louisiana et al., appellants, v. United States. Argument
continued by Mr. Louis F. Claiborne for the appellee and concluded
by Mr. Harry J. Kron, Jr., for the appellants.
750-278-65- 42

WEDNESDAY, JANUARY 27, 1965
170
No. 48. United Mine Workers of America, petitioner, v. James M.
Pennington et al. Argued by Mr. Harrison Combs for the petitioner,
by Mr. Theodore J. St. Antoine for the American Federation of Labor
and Congress of Industrial Organizations, as amicus curiae, and by
Mr. John A. Rowntree for the respondents.
No. 240. Local Union No. 189, Amalgamated Meat Cutters, and
Butcher Workmen of North America, AFL-CIO, et al., petitioners,
v. Jewel Tea Company, Inc. Two hours allowed for oral argument.
| Argument commenced by Mr. Bernard Dunau for the petitioners.
Adjourned until tomorrow at 10 o'clock.
The day call for Thursday, January 28, 1965, will be as follows:
Nos. 240, 82, and 86.
Х
小
Ps

THURSDAY, JANUARY 28, 1965
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
171
Present: Mr. Justice Black, Mr. Justice Douglas, Mr. Justice Clark,
Mr. Justice Harlan, Mr. Justice Brennan, Mr. Justice Stewart, Mr.
Justice White, and Mr. Justice Goldberg.
ADMISSIONS TO THE BAR
David D. Minier, of Santa Maria, Calif., on motion of Mr. James B.
Utt; Mervyn S. Gerson, of Cleveland, Ohio, on motion of Judge Bruce
M. Forrester; DePaul D. Willette, of Olivia, Minn., on motion of
Judge Noah S. Rosenbloom; William O. Goldstein, of Baltimore, Md.,
and Carl E. Weingarten, of Baltimore, Md., on motion of Mr. Eugene
Gressman; Sam S. Hays, of Birmingham, Ala., on motion of Mr.
Wiley Messick; Harry H. Rains, of Mineola, N.Y., on motion of Mr.
Herbert A. Fierst; Charles Wallace Vance, of Cleveland, Ohio, and
Alonzo Gordon Wright, of Cleveland, Ohio, on motion of Mr. Belford
Vance Lawson, Jr.; Michael Meltsner, of New York, N.Y., on motion.
of Mr. Jack Greenberg; Paul D. Hanlon, of Portland, Oreg., on mo-
tion of Mr. Gerhard Van Arkel; John F. Kerrigan, of Fremont, Nebr.,
on motion of Mr. George C. Vournas; Lewis M. Kanner, of Miami,
Fla., on motion of Mr. J. H. Krug; Herbert B. Mutter, of Baltimore,
Md., on motion of Mr. John Page Marshall; Robert L. Austin, of Chi-
cago, Ill., on motion of Mr. Sidney Neuman; Gordon Allison Phillips,
of Washington, D.C., and John R. Sims, Jr., of Arlington, Va., on mo-
tion of Mr. Wilmer S. Schantz; and James H. Cooper, Jr., of Kensing-
ton, Md., John P. Lacy, of Washington, D.C., Joseph Alfred Becker,
of Cleveland, Ohio, and S. Neil Hosenball, of Cleveland, Ohio, on
motion of Mr. Donald J. Becker, were admitted to practice.
ORAL ARGUMENT
No. 240. Local Union No. 189, Amalgamated Meat Cutters, and
Butcher Workmen of North America, AFL-CIO, et al., petitioners, v.
Jewel Tea Company, Inc. Argument continued by Mr. Bernard
Dunau for the petitioners, by Mr. Solicitor General Cox for the United
States, as amicus curiae, by special leave of Court, by Mr. George B.
Christensen for the respondent and concluded by Mr. Bernard Dunau
for the petitioners.
No. 82. Sergeant Herbert N. Carrington, petitioner, v. Alan V.
Rash et al. Argued by Mr. Wayne Windle for the petitioner and by
Mr. Hawthorne Phillips and Mrs. Mary K. Wall for the respondents.
Adjourned until Monday, February 1, 1965, at 10 o'clock.
750-278-65-43

MONDAY, FEBRUARY 1, 1965
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
172
Present: Mr. Chief Justice Warren, Mr. Justice Black, Mr. Justice
Douglas, Mr. Justice Clark, Mr. Justice Harlan, Mr. Justice Brennan,
Mr. Justice Stewart, Mr. Justice White, and Mr. Justice Goldberg.
ADMISSIONS TO THE BAR
Edward J. Driscoll, of Washington, D.C., Carlos F. Borja, Jr., of
Los Angeles, Calif., Clifford S. Bart, of Freeport, N.Y., Howard M.
Jaffe, of New York, N.Y., Bruno Lederer, of New York, N.Y., Tess
L. Segel, of New York, N.Y., Harry I. Subin, of New York, N.Y.,
Gerald Walpin, of New York, N.Y., Donald J. Williamson, of Wash-
ington, D.C., Neal Patrick Lavelle, of Cleveland, Ohio, and Bernard
L. Rosenberg, of Cincinnati, Ohio, on motion of Mr. Solicitor General
Archibald Cox; Jonathan B. Bingham, of Bronx, N.Y., on motion of
Mr. Robert F. Kennedy; Charles L. Rowe, of Chicago, Ill., on motion
of Mr. Robert McClory; T. Terrell Sessums, of Tampa, Fla., on mo-
tion of Mr. Sam M. Gibbons; Mark Anschel Weiss, of Washington,
D.C., on motion of Mr. John Lord O'Brien; Eugene B. Granof, of
Washington, D.C., on motion of Mr. Dominick Manoli; Richard G.
Finn, of Chicago, Ill., on motion of Mr. J. Albert Woll; Frank E.
Hensley, of Guymon, Okla., on motion of Mr. Jess Larson; Bernice Z.
Leaner, of Chicago, Ill., and Walter LaVon Pride, of Chicago, Ill.,
on motion of Mr. William S. Thompson; Elroy F. Wiehl, of Washing-
ton, D.C., Lloyd Graven of Minneapolis, Minn., Robert G. Douglass,
of Norris City, Ill., Karl F. Wettlaufer, of Yellow Springs, Ohio,
Timothy G. O'Shea, of Washington, D.C., and Patrick J. O'Shea, of
New York, N.Y., on motion of Mr. Roy Dale Adcock; Joseph A.
Loveland, Jr., of New York, N.Y., on motion of Mr. Robert P. Strana-
han, Jr.; Seymour Zucker, of Los Angeles, Calif., Glenn Sylvester
Roberts, of Los Angeles, Calif., Lynn D. Crandall, of Los Angeles,
Calif., and Thomas T. Roberts, of Rolling Hills, Calif., on motion of
Mr. Richard N. Little; Wayne Gordon Popham, of Minneapolis, Minn.,
on motion of Mr. Wendell Lund; Harvey M. Jame, of New York,
N.Y., on motion of Mr. Joseph M. Detrio; Sam Adam, of Chicago,
Ill., and R. Eugene Pincham, of Chicago, Ill., on motion of Mr. Earl
E. Strayhorn; Robert L. Murphy, of Alexandria, Va., and Robert
Lee Watt, of Alexandria, Va., on motion of Mr. Neville G. Hall, Jr.;
Joe E. Griffith, of Crockett, Tex., on motion of Mr. David H. Burrow;
F. Philip Kirwan, of Kansas City, Mo., on motion of Mr. Edward
Gallagher; Ronald Wayne Mayes, of Wichita, Kans., on motion of
750-278-65--44

MONDAY, FEBRUARY 1, 1965
173
Mr. Edward G. Fenwich, Jr.; Thomas E. Cinnamond, of Baltimore,
Md., on motion of Mr. Paul R. Connolly; Ronald Otto Meletzke, of
Fairview Park, Ohio, on motion of Mrs. Barbara R. Evans; Jack H.
Olender, of Washington, D.C., on motion of Mr. James P. Donovan;
John Adikes, of New York, N.Y., on motion of Mr. Park T. Adikes;
Ronald N. Cobert, of Washington, D.C., on motion of Mr. Leonard A.
Jaskiewicz; Albert G. McCarthy, Jr., of New York, N.Y., and Albert
G. McCarthy III, of Arlington, Va., on motion of Mr. Paul R. Dean;
Bernard E. Brandes, of New York, N.Y., on motion of Mr. Weaver
White Dunnan; F. Lee Bailey, of Boston, Mass., on motion of Mr.
Harold Unger; Peter Denger, of Rock Island, Ill., on motion of Mr.
Joseph Leon Nellis; and Harrison Agnew Birchmore, of Athens, Ga.,
Verner F. Chaffin, of Athens, Ga., Nicholas P. Chilivis, of Athens,
Ga., Martin Lindsey Cowen, of Athens, Ga., Eugene A. Epting, of
Athens, Ga., Howell C. Erwin, Jr., of Athens, Ga., Joseph J. Gaines, of
Athens, Ga., Denny C. Galis, of Athens, Ga., Thomas Fitzgerald
Green, Jr., of Athens, Ga., John Edwards Griffin, of Athens, Ga.,
James E. Hudson, of Athens, Ga., Herbert T. Hutto, of Athens, Ga.,
Raymond E. Lester, of Athens, Ga., George M. MacNider, of Athens,
Ga., Larry V. McLeod, of Athens, Ga., Armond O. Parks, of Athens,
Ga., Gary L. Pleger, of Athens, Ga., Lee Olin Price, Jr., of Athens,
Ga., Guy B. Scott, Jr., of Athens, Ga., Loren D. Skaggs of Athens,
Ga., Kenneth L. Stula, of Athens, Ga., Thomas W. Ridgway, of Mon-
roe, Ga., William Lee Preston, of Monroe, Ga., Goebel Lovell Owens,
of Monroe, Ga., and Grady C. Pittard, Jr., Winterville, Ga., on motion
of Mr. Robert Grier Stephens, Jr., were admitted to practice.
OPINION
No. 13, Original. State of Texas, plaintiff, v. State of New Jersey
et al. On complaint. Opinion by Mr. Justice Black adopting the
position presented by the State of Florida. The parties are invited to
submit a proposed decree. Dissenting opinion by Mr. Justice Stewart.
The Chief Justice said:
"The other orders of the Court have been certified by the Chief
Justice and filed with the Clerk and will not be announced orally."
OPINIONS PER CURIAM
No. 387. Robert Blow and Ellen Marie Davis, petitioners, v. North
Carolina. On petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of
North Carolina. Petition for writ of certiorari granted, judgments
vacated, and case remanded to the Supreme Court of North Carolina

MONDAY, FEBRUARY 1, 1965
174
for dismissal of the indictments. Opinion per curiam. Mr. Justice
Black, Mr. Justice Harlan, and Mr. Justice White would affirm the
judgments for the reasons stated in their dissenting opinions in Hamm
v. City of Rock Hill, 379 U.S. 318, 322, and 327. Mr. Justice Stewart
would vacate the judgments and remand the case to the Supreme
Court of North Carolina for the reasons stated in his dissenting opinion
in Hamm v. City of Rock Hill, 379 U.S. 326.
No. 585. Federal Power Commission, petitioner, v. Amerada Petro-
leum Corporation et al. On petition for writ of certiorari to the
United States Court of Appeals for the Eighth Circuit. Petition for
writ of certiorari granted, judgment reversed, and case remanded to
the Court of Appeals for further proceedings in conformity with the
opinion of this Court. Opinion per curiam. Concurring opinion by
Mr. Justice Goldberg with whom Mr. Justice Stewart joins. Opinion
by Mr. Justice Harlan concurring in the opinion of Mr. Justice
Goldberg.
No. 617. Walter R. Hearne et al., appellants, v. Robert E. Smylie,
Governor of Idaho, et al. Appeal from the United States District
Court for the District of Idaho. This cause is continued on the
docket until the Court Conference of May 21, 1965, before which
time the parties are asked to advise the Court by supplemental briefs
as to the progress made in reapportioning the Idaho Legislature.
Opinion per curiam.
No. 623. John H. Hughes and Lawrence M. Rulison, appellants, v.
WMCA, Inc., et al. Appeal from the United States District Court
for the Southern District of New York; and
No. 718. Levin Nock Davis, Secretary, State Board of Elections,
et al., appellants, v. Harrison Mann et al. Appeal from the United
States District Court for the Eastern District of Virginia. The mo-
tions to affirm are granted and the judgments are affirmed. Opinion
per curiam. Mr. Justice White and Mr. Justice Goldberg join in the
affirmance in No. 623. Dissenting opinion by Mr. Justice Harlan with
whom Mr. Justice Clark joins.
No. 661. The Forty-Fourth General Assembly of the State of Colo-
rado et al., appellants, v. Andres Lucas and Archie L. Lisco, etc.
Appeal from the United States District Court for the District of
Colorado. Insofar as the judgment of the District Court decides
federal questions, judgment affirmed. Insofar as the judgment decides
other questions, judgment vacated and case remanded to the District
Court for further consideration in light of the supervening decision of
the Colorado Supreme Court in White v. Anderson,
Colo.,
394 P. 2d 333 (1964). Opinion per curiam. Concurring: Mr. Justice
Clark, Mr. Justice Harlan, Mr. Justice Stewart, and Mr. Justice
Goldberg.
·

MONDAY, FEBRUARY 1, 1965
ORDERS IN PENDING CASES
175
No. 17, Original. State of Nebraska, plaintiff, v. State of Iowa.
IT IS ORDERED that the motion of the State of Nebraska for leave to
file a bill of complaint is granted.
IT IS FURTHER ORDERED that the Honorable Joseph W. Madden,
Senior Judge of the United States Court of Claims, be, and he is hereby
appointed Special Master in this case with authority to fix the time
and conditions for the filing of additional pleadings and to direct
subsequent proceedings, and with authority to summon witnesses,
issue subpoenas, and take such evidence as may be introduced and
such as he may deem it necessary to call for. The master is directed
to submit such reports as he may deem appropriate.
The master shall be allowed his actual expenses. The allowances
to him, the compensation paid to his technical, stenographic, and
clerical assistants, the cost of printing his report, and all other proper
expenses shall be charged against and be borne by the parties in
such proportion as the Court hereafter may direct.
IT IS FURTHER ORDERED that if the position of Special Master in
this case becomes vacant during a recess of the Court, the Chief Justice
shall have authority to make a new designation which shall have the
same effect as if originally made by the Court herein.
No. 843. Paul V. Case, petitioner, v. Nebraska. The motion for the
appointment of counsel is granted, and it is ordered that Daniel J.
Meador, Esquire, of Charlottesville, Virginia, a member of the Bar of
this Court be, and he is hereby, appointed to serve as counsel for the
petitioner in this case.
APPEALS JURISDICTION NOTED OR POSTPONED
No. 848. John F. Fixa, Individually and as Postmaster, San Fran-
cisco, California, et al., appellants, v. Leif Heilberg. Appeal from the
United States District Court for the Northern District of California.
In this case probable jurisdiction is noted and the case is placed on the
summary calendar. This case is set for oral argument immediately
following No. 491, which case is likewise placed on the summary
calendar. Mr. Justice White took no part in the consideration or de-
cision of this case.
No. 571. Swift & Company, Inc., et al., appellants, v. Don J. Wick-
ham, Commissioner of Agriculture and Markets of New York. Appeal
from the United States District Court for the Southern District of New
York. Further consideration of the question of jurisdiction is post-
poned to the hearing of the case on the merits. The Solicitor General
is invited to file a brief on the merits.

MONDAY, FEBRUARY 1, 1965
CERTIORARI GRANTED
176
No. 679. Fribourg Navigation Company, Inc., petitioner, v. Com-
missioner of Internal Revenue. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
United States Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit granted and
case placed on the summary calendar.
No. 711, Misc. Eddie J. Hicks, petitioner, v. District of Columbia.
Motion for leave to proceed in forma pauperis and petition for writ of
certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the District of
Columbia Circuit granted. Case transferred to the appellate docket.
CERTIORARI DENIED
No. 226. Ben W. Fortson, Jr., as Secretary of State of Georgia, pe-
tioner, v. James W. Dorsey et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to
the United States Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 555. River Brand Rice Mills, Inc., petitioner, v. General Foods
Corporation. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court
of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 673. Giacomo D'Andrea, petitioner, v. United States Immigra-
tion and Naturalization Service. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
United States Court of Appeals for the Sixth Circuit denied.
No. 684. Langhorne Carter Rorer, petitioner, v. United States; and
No. 724. Francis A. Simpson, Jr., petitioner, v. United States. Pe-
titions for writs of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the Fourth Circuit denied.
No. 694. United States, petitioner, v. C. O. Mason, Inc., et al. Peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Customs and
Patent Appeals denied.
No. 696. R. D. McAllister & Son, et al., petitioners, v. City of Erie.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Pennsylvania,
Western District, denied.
No. 704. Mary Kay Born, petitioner, v. Oklahoma. Petition for
writ of certiorari to the Court of Criminal Appeals of Oklahoma
denied.
No. 706. Milton M. Levin, petitioner, v. United States. Petition
for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the
District of Columbia Circuit denied.
No. 707. Alaska Aggregate Corporation, petitioner, v. George
Beeler. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of
Appeals for the Ninth Circuit denied.
750-278-65--45
rel

MONDAY, FEBRUARY 1, 1965
177
No. 708. International Brotherhood of Carpenters and Joiners of
America (AFL-CIO), et al., petitioners, v. C. J. Montag & Sons, Inc.,
et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of
Appeals for the Ninth Circuit denied.
No. 709. Wittich Memorial Church, etc., petitioner, v. George H.
Richterberg. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Court of Appeals for the Tenth Circuit denied.
No. 712. United States, petitioner, v. Bossier Parish School Board
et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of
Appeals for the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 716. Industrial Instrument Corporation, petitioner, v. The Fox-
boro Company. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 717. Lewes Dairy, Inc., petitioner, v. Orville L. Freeman, Sec-
retary of Agriculture et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
United States Court of Appeals for the Third Circuit denied.
No. 719. Albert Edwards and S. Frank Edwards, petitioners, v.
United States. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 720. Arthur A. Peisner, petitioner, v. Maryland. Petition for
writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals of Maryland denied.
No. 721. Claudine McFarlin and Leonard McFarlin, petitioners, v.
Chicago, Rock Island and Pacific Railroad Company. Petition for
writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the Tenth
Circuit denied.
No. 705. Sam Giancana, petitioner, v. Marlin W. Johnson, Agent
in Charge, etc. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Court of Appeals for the Seventh Circuit denied. Mr. Justice Douglas
is of the opinion that certiorari should be granted.
No. 710. Joseph A. Lorent, petitioner, v. Martin L. Tozer, Sheriff,
City of St. Louis, Missouri. Motion to dispense with printing the
petition for writ of certiorari granted. Petition for writ of certiorari
to the Supreme Court of Missouri denied.
No. 14, Misc. James H. Moody, petitioner, v. William C. Holman,
Warden. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court
of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 311, Misc. Clinton McLester, petitioner, v. United States.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the Tenth Circuit denied.

MONDAY, FEBRUARY 1, 1965
178
No. 332, Misc. John F. Hinrichs, petitioner, v. Florida. Petition
for writ of certiorari to the District Court of Appeal of Florida, First
Appellate District, denied.
No. 378, Misc. Walter Otto, petitioner, v. Hon. Frank R. Somers,
Mayor, etc., et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Court of Appeals for the Sixth Circuit denied.
No. 390, Misc. Theresa Milliken, petitioner, v. J. F. Gleason, Jr.,
etc. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of
Appeals for the First Circuit denied.
No. 403, Misc. William Ross Phillips, petitioner, v. United States.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the Ninth Circuit denied.
No. 470, Misc. Otto A. Gensburg, petitioner, v. Robert A. Heinze,
Warden, et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit denied.
No. 473, Misc. Lee Daniels, Jr., petitioner, v. New Jersey. Peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for
the Third Circuit denied.
No. 475, Misc. Bernard E. La Clair, petitioner, v. United States.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the Seventh Circuit denied.
No. 491, Misc. Albert A. Williams, petitioner, v. United States.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the District of Columbia Circuit denied.
No. 492, Misc. Antonio Fuentes, petitioner, v. New York. Peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the Appellate Division of the Supreme
Court of New York, First Judicial Department, denied.
No. 510, Misc. Robert Lee Hunter, petitioner, v. California. Pe-
tition for writ of certiorari to the District Court of Appeal of Cali-
fornia, Second Appellate District, denied.
No. 553, Misc. Clifford K. Schellin, petitioner, v. California. Pe-
tition for writ of certiorari to the District Court of Appeal of Cali-
fornia, First Appellate District, denied.
No. 557, Misc. James David Williams, petitioner, v. United States.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the Second Circuit denied.
No. 621, Misc. Raymond Casias, petitioner, v. United States. Pe-
tition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for
the Tenth Circuit denied.
No. 634, Misc. Paul Hunter, petitioner, v. Frank J. Pate, Warden.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Illinois denied.
1
1

MONDAY, FEBRUARY 1, 1965
179
No. 648, Misc. W. L. Nolen, etc., petitioner, v. California. Peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the District Court of Appeal of Cali-
fornia, First Appellate District, denied.
No. 667, Misc. Douglas Stiltner, petitioner, v. Washington. Peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Washington denied.
No. 675, Misc. Donald L. Shumate, petitioner, v. Louisiana et al.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Louisiana
denied.
No. 676, Misc. Charles Richard Rowe, petitioner, v. Ross V. Ran-
dolph, Warden. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court
of Illinois denied.
No. 681, Misc. Alexander J. Woykovsky, petitioner, v. United
States. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of
Appeals for the Ninth Circuit denied.
No. 685, Misc. Roy E. Harbaugh, petitioner, v. James F. Maroney,
Superintendent, State Correctional Institution, et al. Petition for
writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the Third
Circuit denied.
No. 687, Misc. Jerry L. Crump, petitioner, v. United States. Pe-
tition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for
the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 689, Misc. Larry Zane Curry, petitioner, v. Maryland. Peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals of Maryland denied.
No. 690, Misc. Andrew H. Burgess, petitioner, v. Farrell Lines,
Inc. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Ap-
peals for the Fourth Circuit denied.
No. 691, Misc. Henry Paul Alvarado, petitioner, v. California et
al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of California
denied.
No. 695, Misc. John Stevenson, petitioner, v. Texas. Petition for
writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the Third
Circuit denied.
No. 698, Misc. Thomas E. Tennant, petitioner, v. Maryland. Pe-
tition for writ of certiorari to the Seventh Judicial Circuit Court of
Maryland denied.
No. 700, Misc. John Cobb, petitioner, v. Illinois. Petition for
writ of certiorari to the Appellate Court of Illinois, Cook County,
denied.
No. 701, Misc. Arthur Herbert Browne, petitioner, v. Wisconsin.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Wisconsin
denied.
14

MONDAY, FEBRUARY 1, 1965
180
No. 706, Misc. Edgar H. Smith, petitioner, v. New Jersey. Peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of New Jersey denied.
No. 707, Misc. Marvin Ford, petitioner, v. Alabama. Petition for
writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Alabama denied.
No. 721, Misc. Calvin C. Green, petitioner, v. United States. Pe-
tition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for
the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 731, Misc. Julian Beck et al., petitioners, v. United States.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the Second Circuit denied.
No. 732, Misc. John J. Ching, petitioner, v. United States. Peti-
tioner for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for
the Tenth Circuit denied.
No. 567, Misc. Clarence White, petitioner, v. North Carolina.
Motion of Brainerd Currie for leave to file a brief, as amicus curiae,
granted. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of
North Carolina denied.
No. 704, Misc. Edward C. Whited, petitioner, v. Peter J. Pitchess,
Sheriff. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of
Appeals for the Ninth Circuit and for other relief denied.
LEAVE TO FILE PETITIONS FOR WRITS OF HABEAS CORPUS DENIED
No. 726, Misc. Amado Cadena, petitioner, v. Washington et al.;
No. 735, Misc. Edward J. Farrant, petitioner, v. John E. Bennett,
Warden, et al.;
No. 736, Misc. Domingo Rivera Gonzalez, petitioner, v. Depart-
ment of Welfare, City of New York; and
No. 783, Misc. Robert Corbin, petitioner, v. David N. Meyers, Su-
perintendent, State Correctional Institution. Motions for leave to
file petitions for writs of habeas corpus denied.
No. 537, Misc. Robert Earl McCoy, petitioner, v. Ross V. Ran-
dolph, Warden; and
No. 551, Misc. Charlie H. Holley, petitioner, v. United States.
Motions for leave to file petitions for writs of habeas corpus denied.
Treating the papers submitted as petitions for writs of certiorari,
certiorari is denied.
Adjourned until Monday, March 1, 1965, at 10 o'clock.
The day call for Monday, March 1, 1965, will be as follows: Nos.
86, 360, and 123.
Х
14

MONDAY, MARCH 1, 1965
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
181
Present: Mr. Chief Justice Warren, Mr. Justice Black, Mr. Justice
Douglas, Mr. Justice Clark, Mr. Justice Harlan, Mr. Justice Brennan,
Mr. Justice Stewart, Mr. Justice White, and Mr. Justice Goldberg.
The Chief Justice said:
"It is on a note of sadness that we open this session of the Court
because, since we last met, our friend and brother, Felix Frankfurter,
has passed away.
"It was twenty-six years ago on January 30th that Mr. Justice
Frankfurter took his seat on this Court. One week ago he died after
a gallant fight for the restoration of the health which he had lost
three years ago. In more than 23 years of service here, he had one
of the longest and, without doubt, one of the most brilliant careers
in the history of the Court.
"He was one of the most knowledgeable of men. He came to his
high position with a combination of scholarship and public experi-
ence rarely equalled. As a scholar, teacher, public servant, man of
letters, patron of the arts, and the confidant of Presidents, he had
already made great contributions to the life of our Nation. But,
notwithstanding his manifold activities, the law was always his
preoccupation. He caught its spirit early in life, and to his very last
day devoted himself fervently to its development under the Consti-
tution which he revered.
"His death leaves a great void in the communities of scholars and
jurists, but fortunately his written words, so pregnant with meaning,
will be a heritage for all who love the law and believe in it as the
sheet anchor of our civilization.
"We of the Supreme Court who knew him so well mourn his pass-
ing, both as our associate and friend, but we also know that his
ebullient spirit would want us to get on with our always unfinished
work."
ADMISSIONS TO THE BAR
Frederick G. Smithson, of Washington, D.C., Ronald C. Roesch-
laub, of Los Angeles, Calif., Joe Sherman Everett, of Clearwater,
Fla., John E. Ryan, of Alexandria, Va., Robert J. Bates, of Chicago,
Ill., Edward Berlin, of New York, N.Y., Nathan Lewin, of New York,
N.Y., G. L. Schilling, of Wilmington, Ohio, and Elihu Hurwitz, of
Seattle, Wash., on motion of Mr. Solicitor General Archibald Cox;
750-278-65-
--
-46

MONDAY, MARCH 1, 1965
182
Benjamin Lawrence O'Brien, of Pacoima, Calif., Harry Edgar Rice
III, of San Francisco, Calif., and William C. Jordan, of Santa Ana,
Calif., on motion of Mr. James C. Corman; Howard Henry Harcha,
Jr., of Portsmouth, Ohio, and Jack David Young, of Portsmouth,
Ohio, on motion of Mr. William H. Harsha, Jr.; Richard Dalton
Schreiber, of Clayton, Mo., on motion of Mr. Robert F. Ellsworth;
Robert J. Owens, of Boston, Mass., on motion of Mr. Stanley R. Tup-
per; Joseph A. Sims, of Hammond, La., on motion of Mr. James H.
Morrison; Thomas A. Handley, of St. Louis, Mo., Thomas C. Alfsen,
of Minneapolis, Minn., Donald W. Brewer, of Germantown, Ohio,
and Murray E. Taggart, of Walla Walla, Wash., on motion of Mr.
Roy Dale Adcock; Grant LaVere Young, of Rigby, Idaho, Elvin W.
Keller, of Bethany, Okla., Robert B. Park, of Chickasha, Okla., Wil-
liam C. McCoy, of Duncan, Okla., Max Carder, of Hobart, Okla.,
Turner Odies Primrose, of Norman, Okla., David Milton Cook, of
Oklahoma City, Okla., James G. Caster, of Oklahoma City, Okla.,
James G. Hamill, of Oklahoma City, Okla., J. Ralph Moore, of Pryor,
Okla., Charles Elder, of Purcell, Okla., Thomas R. Brett, of Tulsa,
Okla., Ollie W. Gresham, of Tulsa, Okla., David Hall, of Tulsa, Okla.,
Russell L. Sohn, of Tulsa, Okla., Robert H. Tips, of Tulsa, Okla., and
Ward Victor Williams, of Lynden, Wash., on motion of Mr. William S.
Fulton, Jr.; Morril B. Spaulding, Jr., of Wood Acres, Md., and
Leonard S. Blondes, of Silver Spring, Md., on motion of Mr. Philip H.
Herrick Charles J. Dougherty, of St. Louis, Mo., Robert G. McClin-
tock, of St. Louis, Mo., and Duane Allen Patterson, of St. Louis, Mo.,
on motion of Mr. Robert J. Keefe; L. Robert Driver, Jr., of New
York, N.Y., on motion of Mr. Stanley L. Temko; Marshall H. Cox,
Jr., of New York, N.Y., on motion of Mr. Donald J. Mulvihill; Martin
Lester Glass, of Washington, D.C., on motion of Mr. Frederick Sass,
Jr.,; Robert E. Born, of Atlanta, Ga., and Paul M. Daniell, of Atlanta,
Ga., on motion of Mr. James E. Wilson, Jr.; Howard Martin Grube, of
Denver, Colo., on motion of Mr. Loran Paul Winings; Victor John
Yannacone, Jr., of Patchogue, N.Y., on motion of Mr. Robert Irving
Dennison; William H. Kinsey, of Portland, Oreg., on motion of Mr.
Garrett Fuller; Marvin I. Friedman, of Washington, D.C., on motion
of Mr. Henry B. Keiser; Samuel Gruber, of Stamford, Conn., on
motion of Mr. Leonard B. Boudin; Bentley Hite, of Christiansburg,
Va., on motion of Mr. James C. Turk; Gunter A. Hauptman, of
Scarsdale, N.Y., on motion of Mr. Maurice H. Klitzman; Lloyd Wil-
liam Peterson, of Olympia, Wash., and Morton M. Tytler, of Olympia,
Wash., on motion of Mr. Stanton P. Sender; Robert E. Simpson, of
St. Louis, Mo., and John P. Downes, of Washington, D.C., on motion
of Mr. Gerald J. O'Rourke, Jr.; and Francis G. Molinaro, of Arling-
ton, Va., on motion of Mr. Eugene C. Adkins, were admitted to
practice.
4-
חי

MONDAY, MARCH 1, 1965
OPINIONS
183
No. 28. United States, petitioner, v. Giacomo Ventresca. On writ
of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the First Cir-
cuit. Judgment reversed and case remanded to the Court of Appeals
for further proceedings in conformity with the opinion of this Court.
Opinion by Mr. Justice Goldberg. Dissenting opinion by Mr. Justice
Douglas with whom Mr. Chief Justice Warren joins.
No. 13. United States, petitioner, v. Jackie Hamilton Gainey et al.
On writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the
Fifth Circuit. Judgment reversed and case remanded to the Court
of Appeals for further proceedings in conformity with the opinion
of this Court. Opinion by Mr. Justice Stewart. Dissenting opinion
by Mr. Justice Black. Opinion by Mr. Justice Douglas dissenting
in part.
No. 82. Sergeant Herbert N. Carrington, petitioner, v. Alan V.
Rash et al. On writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Texas.
Judgment reversed and case remanded to the Supreme Court of
Texas for further proceedings not inconsistent with the opinion of this
Court. Opinion by Mr. Justice Stewart. Dissenting opinion by Mr.
Justice Harlan. Mr. Chief Justice Warren took no part in the con-
sideration or decision of this case.
No. 69. Ronald L. Freedman, appellant, v. Maryland. Appeal from
the Court of Appeals of Maryland. Judgment reversed and case
remanded to the Court of Appeals of Maryland for further pro-
ceedings not inconsistent with the opinion of this Court. Opinion
by Mr. Justice Brennan. Concurring opinion by Mr. Justice Douglas
with whom Mr. Justice Black joins.
No. 116. Thomas J. Crider, petitioner, v. Zurich Insurance Com-
pany. On writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the Fifth Circuit. Judgment reversed and case remanded to the
United States District Court for the Northern District of Alabama
for further proceedings in conformity with the opinion of this Court.
Opinion by Mr. Justice Douglas. Dissenting opinion by Mr. Justice
Goldberg with whom Mr. Justice Harlan and Mr. Justice Stewart
join.
No. 34. Stewart L. Udall, Secretary of the Interior, petitioner, v.
James K. Tallman et al. On writ of certiorari to the United States
Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia Circuit. Judgment
reversed and case remanded to the United States District Court for
the District of Columbia for further proceedings in conformity with
the opinion of this Court. Opinion by Mr. Chief Justice Warren.
Mr. Justice Douglas and Mr. Justice Harlan took no part in the
decision of this case.
'
'

1.
MONDAY, MARCH 1, 1965
184
No. 42. Mortimer Singer, petitioner, v. United States. On writ of
certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the Ninth Cir-
cuit. Judgment affirmed. Opinion by Mr. Chief Justice Warren.
The Chief Justice said:
"The other orders of the Court have been certified by the Chief
Justice and filed with the Clerk and will not be announced orally."
OPINIONS PER CURIAM
No. 740. John Blaauw, a minor, et al., petitioners, v. Grand Trunk
Western Railroad Company. On petition for writ of certiorari to
the United States Court of Appeals for the Seventh Circuit. Petition
for writ of certiorari granted, judgment vacated and case remanded
to the Court of Appeals for reconsideration in light of the opinion
of the Appellate Court of Illinois, First District, in Edwards v.
Pennsylvania Railroad Company, No. 42221. Opinion per curiam.
No. 748. In the Matter of the Application of Joseph A. Ryan,
appellant. Appeal from the Supreme Court of Hawaii. The motion
to dispense with printing the jurisdictional statement is granted.
The appeal is dismissed for want of a substantial federal question.
Opinion per curiam.
No. 759. James H. Mason et ux., appellants, v. Midwestern Gas
Transmission Company. Appeal from the Supreme Court of Illinois.
The motion to dismiss is granted and the appeal is dismissed. Treat-
ing the papers whereon the appeal was taken as a petition for writ
of certiorari, certiorari is denied. Opinion per curiam.
No. 763. City of Coronado et al., appellants, v. The San Diego
Unified Port District et al. Appeal from the District Court of Ap-
peal of California, Fourth Appellate District. The motions to dis-
miss are granted and the appeal is dismissed for want of a substantial
federal question. Opinion per curiam.
No. 772. Frederick G. Drueding et al., appellants, v. Gerard F.
Devlin et al. Appeal from the United States District Court for the
District of Maryland. The judgment is affirmed. Opinion per
curiam.
No. 653, Misc. Embra Maddox, appellant, v. Dr. Alfred A. Birz-
galis, Medical Superintendent, Ionia State Hospital. Appeal from
the Supreme Court of Michigan. The motion to dismiss is granted
and the appeal is dismissed. Treating the papers whereon the appeal
was taken as a petition for writ of certiorari, certiorari is denied.
Opinion per curiam.
No. 728, Misc. Peter Bonanno, appellant, v. Louisiana. Appeal
from the Supreme Court of Louisiana. The appeal is dismissed for
want of a substantial federal question. Opinion per curiam.
H
1

MONDAY, MARCH 1, 1965
ORDERS IN PENDING CASES
185
No. 18, Original. State of Illinois, plaintiff, v. State of Missouri.
The State of Illinois is directed to file a reply to the response within
30 days.
No. 17. Jesse M. Calhoon, as President, or Herbert W. Peters, as
Secretary-Treasurer of District No. 1 National Marine Engineers'
Beneficial Association, AFL-CIO, petitioner, v. Raymond H. Harvey
et al., Individually and on behalf of other persons similarly situated.
The motion of respondents to retax costs is denied.
No. 63. Commissioner of Internal Revenue, petitioner, v. Clay B.
Brown et al. The motion of Dana Latham for leave to participate in
oral argument, as amici curiae, is denied.
No. 82. Sergeant Herbert N. Carrington, petitioner, v. Alan V.
Rash et al. The motions of respondent Carr to file a reply brief and
a supplemental brief are granted, the said briefs having been lodged
with the Court on February 10, 1965, and having been fully considered
by the Court in the disposition of this case. The Chief Justice took
no part in the consideration or decision of these motions.
No. 237. Commissioner of Internal Revenue, petitioner, v. Robert
Lee Merritt et ux., et al. The motion of respondents to enlarge time
for oral argument is granted and 30 additional minutes are allotted
for that purpose.
No. 291. Minnesota Mining and Manufacturing Company, peti-
tioner, v. New Jersey Wood Finishing Company. The motion of
Highland Supply Corporation for leave to file a brief, as amicus
curiae, is granted.
No. 422. Federal Trade Commission, petitioner, v. Consolidated
Foods Corporation. The motion of Trabon Engineering Corporation
et al., for leave to participate in oral argument, as amici curiae, is
denied.
No. 443. Hughes Tool Company et al., petitioners, v. Trans World
Airlines, Inc.; and
No. 501. Hughes Tool Company, petitioner, v. Trans World Air-
lines, Inc., et al. The motion of petitioners to consolidate cases for
oral argument is denied.
No. 948, Misc. Lee E. Weissenborn, petitioner, v. Warren L. Jones
et al. The motion to accelerate the filing of briefs and to advance
is denied.
CERTIORARI GRANTED
No. 423. Fred L. Shuttlesworth, petitioner, v. City of Birmingham.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals of Alabama
granted.
750-278-65-47
19

MONDAY, MARCH 1, 1965
186
No. 657. Carnation Company, petitioner, v. Pacific Westbound Con-
ference et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit granted and case placed on
the summary calendar.
No. 733. F. J. Gunther, petitioner, v. San Diego & Arizona Eastern
Railway Company. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United
States Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit granted and case
placed on the summary calendar.
No. 754. Idaho Sheet Metal Works, Inc., petitioner, v. W. Willard
Wirtz, Secretary of Labor, United States Department of Labor.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the Ninth Circuit granted limited to Question 2 presented by the
petition which reads as follows:
"2. Is the employer's shop a retail establishment and entitled to
the exemption as such under Section 13 (a) of the Fair Labor Stand-
ards Act?" The case is placed on the summary calendar. Mr.
Justice Goldberg took no part in the consideration or decision of
this petition.
No. 755. W. Willard Wirtz, Secretary of Labor, petitioner, v.
Steepleton General Tire Company, Inc., et al. Petition for writ of
certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the Sixth Circuit
granted and case placed on the summary calendar. Mr. Justice
Goldberg took no part in the consideration or decision of this petition.
CERTIORARI DENIED
No. 680. Vincent Gigante, petitioner, v. United States;
No. 681. Vito Genovese, petitioner, v. United States;
No. 682. Natale Evola, petitioner, v. United States;
No. 683. Nicholas Lessa, petitioner, v. United States; and
No. 692. Salvatore Santora, petitioner, v. United States. Petitions
for writs of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the
Second Circuit denied.
No. 713. Forster Mfg. Co., Inc., et al., petitioners, v. Federal Trade
Commission. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Court of Appeals for the First Circuit denied.
No. 715. Loy W. Sockman et al., petitioners, v. Robert C. Switzer
et al.; and
No. 826. Robert C. Switzer et al., petitioners, v. Loy W. Sockman
et al. Petitions for writs of certiorari to the United States Court of
Customs and Patent Appeals denied.
No. 722. Schwartz-Torrance Investment Corporation, petitioner, v.
Bakery & Confectionery Workers Union, Local No. 31. Petition for
writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of California denied.

MONDAY, MARCH 1, 1965
187
No. 723. Lake Brady Spiritualist Camp Association, petitioner, v.
Margaret Diss Dix et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court
of Appeals of Ohio, Portage County, denied.
No. 725. Jacob Molinas, petitioner, v. New York. Petition for
writ of certiorari to the Appellate Division of the Supreme Court of
New York, First Judicial Department, denied.
No. 727. Stanker and Galetto, Inc., et al., petitioners, v. Earth
Movers, Inc. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Superior Court of
New Jersey, Appellate Division, denied.
No. 728. Don Fleming, d/b/a Green Valley Feed Mill, petitioner,
v. United States. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Court of Appeals for the Tenth Circuit denied.
No. 729. Nate Stein, petitioner, v. United States. Petition for writ
of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the Ninth
Circuit denied.
No. 730. V. H. Carroll, Trustee, Holliman Drilling Company, peti-
tioner, v. Lorena Morris Holliman. Petition for writ of certiorari to
the United States Court of Appeals for the Tenth Circuit denied.
No. 731. National Lead Company, petitioner, v. Commissioner of
Internal Revenue. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit denied.
No. 734. Estate of Mervin G. Pierpont, Deceased, et al., petitioners,
v. Commissioner of Internal Revenue. Petition for writ of certiorari
to the United States Court of Appeals for the Fourth Circuit denied.
No. 735. Rivoli Trucking Corporation, petitioner, v. United States.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Claims
denied.
No. 736. J. Weingarten, Inc., petitioner, v. Federal Trade Commis-
sion, et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court
of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 737. Charles E. Craig, petitioner, v. United States. Petition
for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the
Eighth Circuit denied.
No. 738. Cascade County Consumers Association et al., petitioners,
v. Public Service Commission of Montana et al. Petition for writ
of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Montana denied.
No. 739. Colgate-Palmolive Company, petitioner, v. Honorable
Frederick van Pelt Bryan, Judge, United States District Court for
the Southern District of New York. Petition for writ of certiorari
to the United States Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit denied.
No. 741. Elbert Moore, Inc., petitioner, v. Honorable Ray E. Green,
etc. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Florida
denied.
8.
'
豆丝
། ་
KL
וי

MONDAY, MARCH 1, 1965
188
No. 744. The Atchison, Topeka, and Santa Fe Railway Company,
petitioner, v. Arthur W. Horn. Petition for writ of certiorari to
the Supreme Court of California denied.
No. 745. Alfred Bishop, petitioner, v. Supreme Court of New York
et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals of New
York denied.
No. 747. United Aircraft Corporation (Hamilton Standard Divi-
sion), petitioner, v. National Labor Relations Board. Petition for
writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the
Second Circuit denied.
No. 749. United Aircraft Corporation, petitioner, v. Lodge 743,
International Association of Machinists, AFL-CIO, et al. Petition
for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the
Second Circuit denied.
No. 751. Frank J. Richards and Julius Frederick Spindler, peti-
tioners, v. United States. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United
States Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit denied.
No. 752. New York Foreign Freight Forwarders and Brokers Asso-
ciation, Inc., et al., petitioners, v. United States et al. Petition for
writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the Sec-
ond Circuit denied.
No. 753. Kit Manufacturing Company, Inc., petitioner, v. National
Labor Relations Board. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United
States Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit denied.
No. 758. Convers E. Marsh, petitioner, v. Kansas. Petition for writ
of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Kansas denied.
No. 760. The Florida National Bank of Jacksonville, Florida, and
Herbert T. Ballard, Jr., as Co-Executors, etc., petitioners, v. United
States. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of
Appeals for the Third Circuit denied.
No. 762. Jules I. Littwin, petitioner, v. United States. Petition for
writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the Sixth
Circuit denied.
No. 764. L. I. Combs & Sons, Inc., et al., petitioners, v. Paul M.
Schreibman. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Court of Appeals for the Seventh Circuit denied.
No. 766. Clifford J. Hynning, petitioner, v. Daniel Partridge, III.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the District of Columbia Circuit denied.
No. 771. James A. Peterson, petitioner, v. United States. Petition
for write of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the
Seventh Circuit denied.
转

MONDAY, MARCH 1, 1965
189
No. 773. KWK Radio, Inc., petitioner, v. Federal Communications
Commission. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia Circuit denied.
No. 777. Raymond W. Fleming, petitioner, v. Michael S. Wolke,
Sheriff of Milwaukee County. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
Supreme Court of Wisconsin denied.
No. 779. Spanos Painting Contractors, Inc., petitioner, v. Union
Building and Construction Corporation. Petition for writ of cer-
tiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit
denied.
No. 781. Duo-Bed Corporation, petitioner, v. National Labor Rela-
tions Board. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Court of Appeals for the Tenth Circuit denied.
No. 782. The Tuscaloosa and Vicinity District Council of Tusca-
loosa and Selma, Alabama, et al., petitioners, v. National Labor Rela-
tions Board. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court
of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 783. Gloria Stollar, petitioner, v. Illinois. Petition for writ
of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Illinois denied.
No. 784. Franklin L. Batten, petitioner, v. United States. Petition
for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the
District of Columbia Circuit denied.
No. 786. The Sweetlake Land and Oil Company, Inc., petitioner, v.
National Labor Relations Board. Petition for writ of certiorari to
the United States Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 790. National Flexitized Corporation et al., petitioners, v. Flex-
itized, Inc., et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit denied.
No. 791. United Mine Workers of America, petitioner, v. R. P.
Price et al., etc. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Court of Appeals for the Sixth Circuit denied.
No. 792. Monterey County Building & Construction Trades Coun-
cil, petitioner, v. National Labor Relations Board. Petition for writ
of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the Ninth
Circuit denied.
No. 794. Andrew Geoly et al., petitioner, v. New York et al. Peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals of New York
denied.
No. 795. Lucian J. Rossi, petitioner, v. William Marx et al. Peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals of New York denied.
750-278-65--48
ומרי

MONDAY, MARCH 1, 1965
190
No. 798. Frank M. Tack et al., petitioners, v. Mellon National Bank
and Trust Company et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
Supreme Court of Pennsylvania, Western District, denied.
No. 799. Richard K. Gordon and Richard C. Simmers, petitioners,
v. Massachusetts. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Judi-
cial Court of Massachusetts denied.
No. 837. National Customs Brokers & Forwarders Association of
America, Inc., petitioner, v. Federal Maritime Commission et al. Peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for
the Second Circuit denied.
No. 380. Ronald L. Todd et al., petitioners, v. Joint Apprenticeship
Committee, etc., et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United
States Court of Appeals for the Seventh Circuit denied. Mr. Justice
Douglas is of the opinion that certiorari should be granted.
No. 785. Ernest Leon Downs et al., petitioners, v. The Board of
Education of the City of Kansas City, Kansas, et al. Petition for writ
of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the Tenth Cir-
cuit denied. Mr. Justice Douglas is of the opinion that certiorari
should be granted.
No. 787. Switzerland Company et al., petitioners, v. Stewart L.
Udall et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court
of Appeals for the Fourth Circuit denied. Mr. Justice Douglas is
of the opinion that certiorari should be granted.
No. 732. Bernard Reich et al., etc., petitioners, v. Eugene Webb, Jr.,
et al. Motion of Beverly Hills Federal Savings and Loan Association
to be added as a party respondent granted. Petition for writ of certio-
rari to the United States Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit
denied.
No. 743. George Levine, petitioner, v. United States. Motion to
waive timeliness of filing petition for writ of certiorari denied. Peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for
the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 746. Joseph Alexander et al., petitioners, v. Henrita Todman,
Supervisor of Elections, et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
United States Court of Appeals for the Third Circuit denied. Mr.
Justice Goldberg took no part in the consideration or decision of this
petition.
No. 757. Helen Corinne Scales Trice, Executrix, petitioner, v. Com-
mercial Union Assurance Company, Ltd., et al. Motion of petitioner
to strike portions of respondents' brief denied. Motion of Fyke
Farmer to strike portions of opinion of District Court denied. Peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for
the Sixth Circuit denied.
THIN
141.
י

MONDAY, MARCH 1, 1965
191
"
Mo-
No. 796. Aware Inc., et al., petitioners, v. John Henry Faulk.
tions of petitioners for leave to proceed without certifying record and
to dispense with printing the petition for writ of certiorari granted.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals of New York
denied. Mr. Justice Black and Mr. Justice Douglas are of the opinion
that certiorari should be granted.
No. 802. Kinnear-Weed Corporation, petitioner, v. Hon. Joe M.
Ingraham, etc. Motion to strike respondents' brief denied. Petition
for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the
Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 32, Misc. Bernard Cyril Meaton, petitioner, v. United States.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 272, Misc. Alexander J. Woykovsky, petitioner, v. Richard A.
Chappell, Chairman, United States Board of Parole, et al. Petition.
for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the
District of Columbia Circuit denied.
No. 398, Misc. Chester Garelli and Eugene Leonard, petitioners,
v. United States. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Court of Appeals for the Seventh Circuit denied.
No. 441 Misc. Nathaniel Burdette, petitioner, v. Jesse D. Harris,
Warden. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court
Court of Appeals for the Eighth Circuit denied.
No. 479, Misc. Eddie P. Brady, Sr., petitioner, v. Dale C. Cam-
eron, Superintendent, Saint Elizabeths Hospital, et al. Petition for
writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the
District of Columbia Circuit denied.
No. 535, Misc. Wilbert Lee, petitioner, v. Florida. Petition for
writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Florida denied.
No. 563, Misc. Joe David Murray, petitioner, v. United States.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the Ninth Circuit denied.
No. 596, Misc. Clarence Duke McGann, petitioner, v. Federal
Prison Industries, et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United
States Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia Circuit denied.
No. 622, Misc. Joseph Vance Shrout, petitioner, v. United States.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the Tenth Circuit denied.
No. 636, Misc. Francis T. Proctor, petitioner, v. United States.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the District of Columbia Circuit denied.
w
V

MONDAY, MARCH 1, 1965
192
No. 640, Misc. Joseph W. Di Silvestro, petitioner, v. United States.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the Second Circuit denied.
No. 645, Misc. John E. Jones, petitioner, v. United States. Peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for
the District of Columbia Circuit denied.
No. 646, Misc. Lawrence J. Nutley and Richard Nickl, petitioners,
v. Wisconsin. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court
of Wisconsin denied.
No. 658, Misc. Donald Norman Mertz, petitioner, v. Minnesota.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Minnesota
denied.
No. 659, Misc. Ralph Polizzano, petitioner, v. United States;
No. 660, Misc. Charles Barcellona, petitioner, v. United States;
No. 712, Misc. Rocco Mazzie, petitioner, v. United States; and
No. 798, Misc. Charles Di Palermo et al., petitioners, v. United
States. Petitions for writs of certiorari to the United States Court
of Appeals for the Second Circuit denied.
No. 661, Misc. Joseph W. Hunter, petitioner, v. United States.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the District of Columbia Circuit denied.
No. 663, Misc. Robert Thompson, petitioner, v. Sam A. Anderson.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the District of Columbia Circuit denied.
No. 664, Misc. Patrick J. Huffman, petitioner, v. James F. Ma-
roney, Superintendent, State Correctional Institution, et al. Petition
for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the
Third Circuit denied.
No. 669, Misc. Halcott A. Bradley, petitioner, v. United States.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the District of Columbia Circuit denied.
No. 670, Misc. Gerald Joseph Pulaski, petitioner, v. Wisconsin.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Wisconsin
denied.
No. 677, Misc. Lloyd Odin Lawson, petitioner, v. United States.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the Third Circuit denied.
No. 688, Misc. John E. Blair, petitioner, v. District of Columbia
et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of
Appeals for the District of Columbia Circuit denied.
No. 694, Misc. Curtis Gale Doby, petitioner, v. Texas. Petition
for writ of certiorari to the Court of Criminal Appeals of Texas
denied.

1
MONDAY, MARCH 1, 1965
193
No. 699, Misc. Walter E. Nolan, petitioner, v. William P. Stein-
hauser, Acting Warden. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United
States Court of Appeals for the Eighth Circuit denied.
No. 703, Misc. William H. Gilcrease, petitioner, v. B. J. Rhay,
Superintendent, Washington State Penitentiary, et al. Petition for
writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the Ninth
Circuit denied.
No. 713, Misc. Edward Basilone, petitioner, v. E. L. Maxwell,
Warden. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Ohio
denied.
No. 718, Misc. James William Putnam, petitioner, v. Warden,
Maryland State Penitentiary. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
United States Court of Appeals for the Fourth Circuit denied.
No. 729, Misc. Henry Ford Swicegood, petitioner, v. Alabama.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Alabama
denied.
No. 733, Misc. Ronald Raymond Barron, petitioner, v. Oregon.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Oregon denied.
No. 734, Misc. Eugene Myles, petitioner, v. United States. Peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for
the District of Columbia Circuit denied.
No. 738, Misc. Willard Wayland Carey, petitioner, v. California.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of California
denied.
No. 739, Misc. Morris C. Jordan, petitioner, v. Kansas. Petition
for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Kansas denied.
No. 742, Misc. Eugene Underwood and Marvin Holbrook, peti-
tioners, v. Lynn Bomar, Warden. Petition for writ of certiorari to
the United States Court of Appeals for the Sixth Circuit denied.
No. 746, Misc. Theodis McCoy, petitioner, v. E. L. Maxwell,
Warden. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of
Appeals for the Sixth Circuit denied.
No. 747, Misc. Henry E. Hansen, petitioner, v. John C. Burke,
Warden. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of
Wisconsin denied.
No. 752, Misc. Douglas Stiltner, petitioner, v.
intendent, Washington State Penitentiary, et al.
B. J. Rhay, Super-
Petition for writ
of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Washington denied.
No. 753, Misc. Jean Edward Lehman, petitioner, v. Illinois. Peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the Appellate Court of Illinois, Fourth
District, denied.
No. 754, Misc. William Lawrence, petitioner, v. Illinois. Petition
for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Illinois denied.

MONDAY, MARCH 1, 1965
194
No. 756, Misc. David Joseph Rawls, petitioner, v. United States.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 758, Misc. Daniel Teel, petitioner, v. New York. Petition for
writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals of New York denied.
No. 759, Misc. Alfredo Ray Bryan, Jr., petitioner, v. United
States. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court
of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit denied.
No. 760, Misc. James C. Oppel, petitioner, v. Maryland. Petition
for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the
Fourth Circuit denied.
No. 761, Misc. Thomas Carlton Wansley, petitioner, v. Virginia.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Appeals of
Virginia denied.
No. 762, Misc. Frank G. James, petitioner, v. Maine et al. Peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Judicial Court of Maine
denied.
No. 763, Misc. Chester R. Morris, petitioner, v. Paul White et al.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Civil Appeals of Texas,
Fourth Supreme Judicial District, denied.
No. 764, Misc. Jim Fair, petitioner, v. Olivia Fair. Petition for
writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Florida denied.
No. 766, Misc. William J. Welter, petitioner, v. Wisconsin. Peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Wisconsin denied.
No. 767, Misc. Jim Fair, petitioner, v. Olivia Fair. Petition for
writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Florida denied.
No. 768, Misc. Jim Fair, petitioner, v. Olivia Fair. Petition for
writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Florida denied.
No. 769, Misc. Jim Fair, petitioner, v. Olivia Fair. Petition for
writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Florida denied.
No. 770, Misc. Anderson Stone, Jr., petitioner, v. United States.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the Sixth Circuit denied.
No. 771, Misc. Frank Anthony Carcerano, petitioner, v. Oregon.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Oregon denied.
No. 772 Misc. Harold W. Greenwell, petitioner, v. Sam A. Ander-
son. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of
Appeals for the District of Columbia Circuit denied.
No. 773, Misc. Miles La Rose, petitioner, v. William J. McCauley,
District Attorney of Milwaukee County. Petition for writ of cer-
tiorari to the Supreme Court of Wisconsin denied.
ľ
1

MONDAY, MARCH 1, 1965
195
No. 774, Misc. Jim Fair, petitioner, v. Olivia Fair. Petition for
writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Florida denied.
No. 776, Misc. Jim Fair, petitioner, v. Olivia Fair. Petition for
writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Florida denied.
No. 777, Misc. Dominick Carlucci, petitioner, v. J. Edwin La-
Vallee, Warden. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit denied.
No. 780, Misc. Elwood Duncan Taylor, petitioner, v. Florida.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Florida
denied.
No. 781, Misc. David Charles Bickley et al., petitioners, v. Walter
Dunbar, Director, California Department of Corrections. Petition
for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of California denied.
No. 782, Misc. L. Gilbert Cohen, petitioner, v. Curtis Publishing
Company et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Court of Appeals for the Eighth Circuit denied.
No. 787, Misc. Eugene Silva, petitioner, v. Harold A. Cox,
Warden. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of
New Mexico denied.
No. 789, Misc. Garfield J. Kelly, petitioner, v. United States Dis-
trict Court for the Northern District of Indiana denied.
No. 793, Misc. Benjamin Jerrel Brown, petitioner, v. California.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the District Court of Appeal of
California, First Appellate District, denied.
No. 795, Misc. Richard Thomas Gorecki, petitioner, v. John C.
Burke, Warden. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court
of Wisconsin denied.
No. 796, Misc. Paul V. Case, petitioner, v. Nebraska. Petition
for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Nebraska denied.
No. 797, Misc. James McGrane, petitioner, v. Warden, Clinton
Prison. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of
Appeals for the Second Circuit denied.
No. 799, Misc. Wayne Peterson, petitioner, v. Ward Lane,
Warden. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court
of Appeals for the Seventh Circuit denied.
No. 800, Misc. Max Benjamin Berger, et al., petitioners, v. United
States. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court
of Appeals for the Second Circuit denied.
No. 803, Misc. William M. Thomas, petitioner, v. Texas. Petition
* for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the
Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 805, Misc. Paul Vonzo Brady, petitioner, v. David N. Myers,
Superintendent, State Correctional Institution. Petition for writ of
"
#11
་

MONDAY, MARCH 1, 1965
196
certiorari to the Supreme Court of Pennsylvania, Eastern District,
denied.
No. 806, Misc. Robert Lee Haynes, petitioner, v. United States.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 809, Misc. John Charles Brady, petitioner, v. California. Pe-
tition for writ of certiorari to the District Court of Appeal of Cali-
fornia, Second Appellate District, denied.
No. 810, Misc. Ex parte James W. Hinton, petitioner. Petition
for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of New Mexico denied.
No. 812, Misc. Alfred Turner, petitioner, v. New York. Petition
for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals of New York denied.
No. 817, Misc. Howard Frye, petitioner, v. United States. Peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for
the Seventh Circuit denied.
No. 819, Misc. Douglas Stiltner, petitioner, v. Washington et al.
Petition for write of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Washington
denied.
No. 820, Misc. Eddie Lomax, petitioner, v. Harry E. Russell, Su-
perintendent, State Correctional Institution. Petition for writ of
certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the Third Circuit
denied.
No. 826, Misc. Floyd Smith, petitioner, v. Illinois et al. Petition
for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of Edgar County, Illinois,
denied.
No. 833, Misc. Pearl Bradshaw Schluttig, petitioner, v. Conti-
nental Hotel et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia Circuit denied.
No. 840, Misc. William L. Marion et al., petitioners, v. City of
Lander, Wyoming, et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Su-
preme Court of Wyoming denied.
No. 846, Misc. Stephen J. Dulacy, petitioner, v. Pennsylvania.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Pennsylvania,
Western District, denied.
No. 847, Misc. Milton George, petitioner, v. Ross V. Randolph,
Warden. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court
of Appeals for the Seventh Circuit denied.
No. 855, Misc. Delphos B. Burns, petitioner, v. Sherman H.
Crouse, Warden. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Court of Appeals for the Tenth Circuit denied.
No. 9, Misc. William Cabey, petitioner, v. Pennsylvania. Petition
for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Pennsylvania, Eastern
लेग के
41.
1. H
☐☐

MONDAY, MARCH 1, 1965
197
District, denied. Mr. Justice Douglas is of the opinion that certiorari
should be granted.
No. 566, Misc. William Ralph, petitioner, v. Vernon Pepersack,
Warden. Petition for writ of certiori to the United States Court of
Appeals for the Fourth Circuit denied. Mr. Justice Douglas is of the
opinion that certiorari should be granted.
No. 291, Misc. Mauro C. Cantu, Jr., petitioner, v. United States.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the Fifth Circuit and for other relief denied.
No. 642, Misc. Claudia Walker, petitioner, v. Internal Revenue
Service et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court
of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit denied. The Chief Justice took no
part in the consideration or decision of this petition.
LEAVE TO FILE PETITION FOR WRIT OF CERTIORARI DENIED
No. 873, Misc. Charles Thomas, petitioner, v. Frank J. Pate. Mo-
tion for leave to file petition for writ of certiorari denied.
LEAVE TO FILE PETITION FOR WRITS OF HABEAS CORPUS DENIED
No. 561, Misc. Robert Lee Allen, petitioner, v. E. B. Haskins,
Superintendent, London Correctional Institution;
No. 562, Misc. Jack D. Lester, petitioner, v. E. B. Haskins, Super-
intendent, London Correctional Institution;
No. 859, Misc. Joel B. Cantrell, petitioner, v. Kermit A. Weakley,
Superintendent, Lorton Reformatory;
No. 872, Misc. Benjamin Thomas Guerrieri, petitioner, v. E. L
Maxwell, Warden, et al.;
No. 892, Misc. Jesse B. Moore, petitioner, v. Ross V. Randolph,
Warden; and
No. 894, Misc. Earl I. Penrice, petitioner, v. John H. Klinger,
Superintendent. Motions for leave to file petitions for writs of habeas
corpus denied.
No. 814, Misc. John Herring, petitioner, v. California et al.;
No. 834, Misc. Eddie Spells, petitioner, v. Lawrence E. Wilson,
Warden;
No. 877, Misc. In the Matter of Orlando W. Hodge, petitioner;
and
No. 897, Misc. James Conway, petitioner, v. Lawrence E. Wilson
et al. Motions for leave to file petitions for writs of habeas corpus
denied. Treating the papers submitted as petitions for writs of cer-
tiorari, certiorari is denied.

MONDAY, MARCH 1, 1965
LEAVE TO FILE PETITIONS FOR WRITS OF MANDAMUS DENIED
198
No. 775, Misc. Warehouse Union Local 6, International Long-
shoremen's and Warehousemen's Union, petitioner, v. Albert C. Wol-
lenberg, Judge; and
No. 801, Misc. Jimmy L. Davis, petitioner, v. Lester L. Cecil,
Chief Judge, United States Court of Appeals for the Sixth Circuit.
Motions for leave to file petitions for writs of mandamus denied.
No. 671, Misc. John L. Shields et ux., petitioners, v. Hon. Neal S.
Blaisdell, Mayor of the City and County of Honolulu, State of Hawaii,
et al. Motion for leave to proceed on typewritten papers granted.
Motion for leave to file petition for writ of mandamus denied.
No. 702, Misc. Calvin J. Smith, petitioner, v. United States Court
of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit et al. Motion for leave to file
petition for writ of mandamus and/or prohibition denied.
REHEARINGS DENIED
No. 456, October Term, 1963. Frederic Wayne Etcheverry,
petitioner, v. United States. Motion for leave to file third petition
for rehearing denied.
No. 6. Aaron Henry, petitioner, v. Mississippi;
No. 38. City of El Paso, appellant, v. Greenberry Simmons;
No. 40. John W. Stanford, Jr., petitioner, v. Texas;
No. 49. B. Elton Cox, appellant, v. Louisiana;
No. 415. David A. Goldner, petitioner, v. Edward S. Silver, District
Attorney, Kings County, New York;
No. 510. Anthony Gianfrancesco, petitioner, v. Ohio; and
No. 542. Anthony Gianfrancesco, petitioner, v. Ohio;
No. 547. Thomas J. Kehoe, etc., petitioner, v. Charles C. Boyle,
Executor of the last will and testament of Michael Kehoe, etc., et al.;
No. 556. Sakrete of Northern California, Inc., petitioner, v. Na-
tional Labor Relations Board;
No. 581. Harry P. Locklin and Elmer J. Brant, etc., petitioners, v.
Switzer Brothers, Inc., et al.;
No. 601. Billie Sol Estes, petitioner, v. United States;
No. 614. Theodore Spector, petitioner, v. United States;
No. 641. Helene P. Pierre et al., petitioners, v. Frank M. Jordan,
Secretary of State of California, et al.;
No. 687. Industrial Shoe Machinery Corp., petitioner, v. United
Shoe Machinery Corporation;
No. 701. Dr. Henry Turkel et al., petitioners, v. Food and Drug
Administration, Department of Health, Education, and Welfare.
1.

MONDAY, MARCH 1, 1965
199
No. 711. T. C. Fry, Jr., alias Matthew Grady, petitioner, v. United
States; and
No. 716. Industrial Instrument Corporation, petitioner, v. The
Foxboro Company. Petitions for rehearing denied.
No. 418. Chester Park Apartments, Inc., petitioner, v. United
States. Motion for leave to file petition for rehearing denied.
No. 597. Theodore Cuff et ux., petitioners, v. Norman Van Bogart;
and
No. 604. Susie V. Watwood, petitioner, v. Real Estate Commission
of the District of Columbia. Motions to dispense with printing peti-
tions granted. Petitions for rehearing denied.
No. 22, Misc. John E. Burke et al., petitioners, v. United States;
No. 317, Misc. Claude Williams, petitioner, v. United States;
No. 380, Misc. Robert V. Bogan, petitioner, v. Walter H. Wilkins,
Warden;
No. 385, Misc. Karl H. Stello, petitioner, v. United States;
No. 470, Misc. Otto A. Gensburg, petitioner, v. Robert A. Heinze,
Warden, et al.;
No. 506, Misc. Constance A. Price, petitioner, v. United States;
No. 537, Misc. Robert Earl McCoy, petitioner, v. Ross V. Ran-
dolph, Warden;
No. 541, Misc. Robert Epps, petitioner, v. New York;
No. 546, Misc. Donald R. Arbuckle, petitioner, v. Illinois;
No. 598, Misc. Robert M. Williamson et al., petitioners, v. Annie
Gilmer et al.;
No. 599, Misc. Charles Scott, petitioner, v. Sam A. Anderson, Su-
perintendent, District of Columbia Jail;
No. 601, Misc. George S. Hlozansky, petitioner, v. Harold A. Cox,
Superintendent of the Penitentiary of New Mexico;
No. 609, Misc. Karl David J. Farrell, petitioner, v. John C. Burke,
Warden;
No. 610, Misc. Richard Eugene Hickock, petitioner, v. Sherman
H. Crouse, Warden;
No. 614, Misc. Perry Edward Smith, petitioner, v. Sherman H.
Crouse, Warden;
No. 625, Misc. Charles Gratter, Jr., petitioner, v. Elbert V. Nash,
Warden;
No. 626, Misc. Robert E. Leeper, Jr., petitioner, v. Sam A. Ander-
son, Superintendent, District of Columbia Jail; and
No. 693, Misc. Daniel Boone Hymes, petitioner, v. Walter E. Dun-
bar, Director of Corrections of California, et al. Petitions for re-
hearing denied.

MONDAY, MARCH 1, 1965
200
No. 628, Misc. Adai Leser and Czali Leser, petitioners, v. United
States. Petition for rehearing and for other relief denied.
ORAL ARGUMENT
No. 86. Louis Zemel, appellant, v. Dean Rusk, Secretary of State,
et al. Argued by Mr. Leonard B. Boudin for the appellant and by
Mr. Solicitor General Cox for the appellees.
No. 360. A. M. Harman, Jr., et al., appellants, v. Lars Forssenius
et al. One and one-half hours allowed for oral argument. Argument
commenced by Mr. Joseph C. Carter, Jr., for the appellants.
Adjourned until tomorrow at 10 o'clock.
The day call for Tuesday, March 2, 1965, will be as follows: Nos.
360, 123, 61, and 63.
Х
NO

TUESDAY, MARCH 2, 1965
201
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: Mr. Chief Justice Warren, Mr. Justice Black, Mr. Justice
Douglas, Mr. Justice Clark, Mr. Justice Harlan, Mr. Justice Brennan,
Mr. Justice Stewart, Mr. Justice White, and Mr. Justice Goldberg.
ADMISSIONS TO THE BAR
David C. Stripling, of Newnan, Ga., on motion of Mr. John J.
Flynt, Jr.; Alfred P. Chamie, of Los Angeles, Calif., Gerald Mager,
of Tallahassee, Fla., George Nicholas Jonson, of Hamilton, Ohio, and
Alfred E. Lawson, of Pittsburgh, Pa., on motion of Mr. Richard N.
Little; Iver E. Skjeie, of Sacramento, Calif., on motion of Mr. John
M. Cleary; John R. Nesbitt, of Rensselaer, Ind., on motion of Mr.
Robert Eugene Harris; Jack Malkin, of Washington, D.C., on motion
of Mr. Karl George Feissner; John H. Keriakedes, of Omaha, Nebr.,
on motion of Mr. Alan D. McArthur; Frederick F. Butzi, of Wilming-
ton, Del., on motion of Mr. Frederick Schafer; W. Frederick Mayer,
Jr., of Belle Mead, N.J., on motion of Mr. William L. Mathis; and
Vincent James Riley, of Arlington, Va., on motion of Mr. Richard H.
Demuth, were admitted to practice.
ORAL ARGUMENT
No. 360. A. M. Harman, Jr., et al., appellants, v. Lars Forssenius
et al. Argument continued by Mr. Joseph C. Carter, Jr., for the
appellants, by Mr. H. E. Widener, Jr., for the appellees, by Mr. Harold
H. Greene for the United States, as amicus curiae, by special leave of
Court, and concluded by Mr. Joseph C. Carter, Jr., for the appellants.
No. 123. Federal Power Commission, petitioner, v. Union Electric
Company. Argued by Mr. Ralph S. Spritzer for the petitioner and
by Mr. Robert J. Keefe for the respondent.
No. 61. Radio and Television Broadcast Technicians Local Union
1264, etc., et al., petitioners, v. Broadcast Service of Mobile, Inc.
Argument commenced by Mr. J. R. Goldthwaite, Jr., for the peti-
tioners.
Adjourned until tomorrow at 10 o'clock.
The day call for Wednesday, March 3, 1965, will be as follows: Nos.
61, 63, 443, 501, and 96.
☑
750-278-65-49

WEDNESDAY, MARCH 3, 1965
202
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: Mr. Chief Justice Warren, Mr. Justice Black, Mr. Justice
Douglas, Mr. Justice Clark, Mr. Justice Harlan, Mr. Justice Brennan,
Mr. Justice Stewart, Mr. Justice White, and Mr. Justice Goldberg.
ADMISSIONS TO THE BAR
Maxwell E. Cox, of New York, N.Y., Lola S. Lea, of New York,
N.Y., and John G. Robertson, of St. Paul, Minn., on motion of Mr.
Solicitor General Archibald Cox; Thomas D. Barr, of New York,
N.Y., Robert S. Rifkind, of New York, N.Y., Eugene P. Souther,
of New York, N.Y., and Donald I. Strauber, of New York, N.Y., on
motion of Mr. Bruce Ditmas Bromley; Philip A. Gragan, of Wash-
ington, D.C., on motion of Mr. Charles A. Miller; William Jackson
Rattikin, of Fort Worth, Tex., and Arthur Burch Waldron, Jr., of
Fort Worth, Tex., on motion of Mr. William J. Rattikin, Jr.; Ralph
H. Dwan, Jr., of Washington, D.C., on motion of Mr. Ralph H. Dwan;
Robert Morton Duncan, of Columbus, Ohio, on motion of Mr. Edgar
Lewis Lindley; Calvin L. Hamilton, of Annandale, Va., on motion of
Mr. Raymond F. Newkirk; Horace E. Hill, of Daytona Beach, Fla.,
on motion of Mr. Herbert O. Reid; Carl S. Rowe, of New York, N.Y.,
on motion of Mr. Warren E. Baker; Alex L. Arguello, of San Fran-
cisco, Calif., and Marvin G. Giometti, of San Francisco, Calif., on
motion of Mr. Jerome Christian Muys; A. H. Evans, of Houston,
Tex., and Jack R. Springgate, of Houston, Tex., on motion of Mr. Joe
E. Edwards; Frederick P. Furth, of Battle Creek, Mich., David
Ingraham, of New York, N.Y., and Abraham Philip Ordover, of New
York, N.Y., on motion of Mr. Donald J. Mulvihill; John J. Mooney,
of New York, N.Y., on motion of Mr. Robert J. Fitzsimmons; William
A. Knoeller, of Green Bay, Wis., on motion of Mr. Davidson Church
Miller; and William Lawson Auld, of Atlanta, Ga., on motion of Mr.
Joseph A. De Grandi, were admitted to practice.
ORAL ARGUMENT
No. 61. Radio and Television Broadcast Technicians Local Union
1264, etc., et al., petitioners, v. Broadcast Service of Mobile, Inc.
Argument continued by Mr. J. R. Goldthwaite, Jr., for the petitioners,
by Mr. Willis C. Darby, Jr., for the respondent, and concluded by Mr.
J. R. Goldthwaite, Jr., for the petitioners.
750-278-65--50
1

WEDNESDAY, MARCH 3, 1965
203
No. 63. Commissioner of Internal Revenue, petitioner, v. Clay B.
Brown et al. Argued by Mr. Wayne G. Barnett for the petitioner
and by Mr. William H. Kinsey for the respondents.
No. 443. Hughes Tool Company et al., petitioners, v. Trans World
Airlines, Inc. Argued by Mr. Chester C. Davis for the petitioners
and by Mr. John F. Sonnett for the respondent.
Adjourned until tomorrow at 10 o'clock.
The day call for Thursday, March 4, 1965, will be as follows: Nos.
501, 96, 138 (139 and 369), and 148.
☑
18

THURSDAY, MARCH 4, 1965
204
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: Mr. Chief Justice Warren, Mr. Justice Black, Mr. Justice
Douglas, Mr. Justice Clark, Mr. Justice Harlan, Mr. Justice Bren-
nan, Mr. Justice Stewart, Mr. Justice White, and Mr. Justice Gold-
berg.
ADMISSIONS TO THE BAR
Thomas E. Fox, of Columbia, Tenn., on motion of Mr. George
Folsom McCanless; Alexus L. Fricke, of Cleveland, Ohio, Paul Con-
ant Hopkins, of Cleveland, Ohio, and Lester George Renard, of New
York, N.Y., on motion of Mr. Joseph F. Spaniol, Jr.; H. Randall
Bixler, of Washington, D.C., James T. Lewis, of Fairfax, Va., and
Roy Shaw Mitchell, of Washington, D.C., on motion of Mr. Geoffrey
Creyke, Jr.; John L. Murphy, Jr., of Boston, Mass., on motion of
Mr. Nathan Lewin; James A. Larpenteur, Jr., of Portland, Oreg., on
motion of Mr. William H. Kinsey; William C. Stewart, of Los
Angeles, Calif., on motion of Mr. John Anthony Finken; Alan Y.
Naftalin, of Washington, D.C., on motion of Mr. Bernard Koteen; M.
Edwin Prud'homme, of Texarkana, Tex., on motion of Mr. Robert
Michael Perry; Lawrence Vincent Cregan, of Youngstown, Ohio, and
Benjamin F. Kelly, of Youngstown, Ohio, on motion of Mr. Jerry N.
Griffin; Stephen A. Weiner, of New York, N.Y., on motion of Mr.
William C. Chanler; and Joseph Augustus Jordan, Jr., of Norfolk,
Va., on motion of Mr. Len W. Holt, were admitted to practice.
ORAL ARGUMENT
No. 501. Hughes Tool Company, petitioner, v. Trans World Air-
lines, Inc., et al. Argued by Mr. Chester C. Davis for the petitioner
and by Mr. Bruce Bromley for the respondents.
No. 96. Reserve Life Insurance Company, appellant, v. Stanley J.
Bowers, Tax Commissioner of Ohio. Argued by Mr. Harris K. Wes-
ton for the appellant and by Mr. Edgar L. Lindley for the appellee.
No. 138. Brotherhood of Railway and Steamship Clerks, Freight
Handlers, Express and Station Employes, petitioner, v. Association
for the Benefit of Non-Contract Employees;
No. 139. United Air Lines, Inc., petitioner, v. National Mediation
Board et al.; and
No. 369. National Mediation Board et al., petitioners, v. Associa-
tion for the Benefit of Non-Contract Employees. Argued by Mr.
750-278-65--51

THURSDAY, MARCH 4, 1965
205
Solicitor General Cox for the respondents in No. 139 and the peti-
tioners in No. 369, by Mr. James L. Highsaw, Jr., for the petitioner
in No. 138, by Mr. Stuart Bernstein for the petitioner in No. 139 and
by Mr. Alex L. Arguello for the respondent in Nos. 138 and 369.
Adjourned until Monday, March 8, 1965, at 10 o'clock.
The day call for Monday, March 8, 1965, will be as follows: Nos.
148, 134 (and 237), 347, and 115.
✓

MONDAY, MARCH 8, 1965
206
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: Mr. Chief Justice Warren, Mr. Justice Black, Mr. Jus-
tice Douglas, Mr. Justice Clark, Mr. Justice Harlan, Mr. Justice Bren-
nan, Mr. Justice Stewart, Mr. Justice White, and Mr. Justice
Goldberg.
Mr. Solicitor General Cox presented the Honorable Nicholas deB.
Katzenbach, Attorney General of the United States.
The Chief Justice said:
"Mr. Attorney General, the Court welcomes you to the performance
of the important duties which devolve upon you as the chief law officer
of the Government, and as an officer of this Court. Your commission
will be recorded with the Clerk.”
ADMISSIONS TO THE BAR
Josh Rephun, of Miami Beach, Fla., Richard A. Knock, of Park-
ersburg, Iowa, Edward Everett Phillips, of Weston, Mass., John D.
Gautier, of Pascagoula, Miss., William Bryan Jones, of Pascagoula,
Miss., Carl A. Megehee, of Pascagoula, Miss., Nicholas R. Alessandro,
of Bronx, N.Y., Victor E. De Curtis, of New York, N.Y., Manuel
Epstein, of New York, N.Y., Arthur M. Handler, of New York, N.Y.,
Robert E. Kushner, of New York. N.Y., Martin A. Danoff, of New
York, N.Y., Morton Y. Reeves, of Columbus, Ohio, Claude R. Wilson,
Jr., of Dallas, Tex., David M. Woolley, of Dallas, Tex., and Robert
Sherrill Bersch, of Alexandria, Va., on motion of Mr. Solicitor Gen-
eral Archibald Cox; Harry Malcolm Mackay, of Denver, Colo., and
John Ewing Archibold, of Arlington, Va., on motion of Mr. Gordon
Allott; Donald P. Callaway, of Fort Smith, Ark., Ike Allen Laws,
Jr., of Russellville, Ark., and John Alfred Terry, of Washington,
D.C., on motion of Mr. John L. McClellan; Norton M. Furman, of
Minneapolis, Minn., and Ronald James Werner, of Minneapolis,
Minn., on motion of Mr. Clark MacGregor; Philip M. Haggerty, of
Phoenix, Ariz., on motion of Mr. John J. Rhodes; William B. Dun-
can, of El Paso, Tex., and W. Barton Boling, of El Paso, Tex., on
motion of Mr. Richard C. White; Ed Hoover, Jr., of Canadian, Tex.,
on motion of Mr. Walter Rogers; David You Mar, of Honolulu,
Hawaii, on motion of Mr. Spark M. Matsunaga; Raymond L. Brown,
of Pascagoula, Miss., on motion of Miss Alice L. O'Donnell; Betty
Jean Hancock, of Baltimore, Md., on motion of Mr. Edward G.
Hudon; Howard Thomas Markey, of Winnetka, Ill., and Irving
'
N
31
1
750-278-65--52

MONDAY, MARCH 8, 1965
207
Lewis, of Lincolnwood, Ill., on motion of Mr. Roy Dale Adcock;
Carl. C. Gillespie, of Tazewell, Va., on motion of Mr. Frederick Ber-
nays Wiener; James A. Stemmler, of St. Louis, Mo., on motion of Mr.
Edwin Shaffer Rockefeller III; George G. Burke II, of Quincy,
Mass., and Richard W. Barry, of Quincy, Mass., on motion of Mr.
Daniel T. Coughlin; Eugene E. Cole, of Philadelphia, Pa., Joseph W.
Monsanto, of Miami, Fla., and Newton T. Jones, of Collingswood,
N.J., on motion of Mr. Luke Edward White; Albert W. Harris, Jr.,
of San Francisco, Calif., Derald Edwin Granberg, of San Francisco,
Calif., and Eugene B. Jacobs, Jr., of Los Angeles, Calif., on motion of
Mr. Jerome C. Muys; Frederick G. Von Huben, of Fort Worth, Tex.,
on motion of Mr. Paul H. Cullinan; Ed M. Brown, of Dallas, Tex.,
and Eugene Loyd Smith, Jr., of Dallas, Tex., on motion of Mr. Ewell
Lee Smith; Emanuel Shapiro, of St. Louis, Mo.; on motion of Mr.
Morris A. Shenker; Earl G. Schneider, of Chicago, Ill., and Michael
R. Galasso, of Chicago, Ill., on motion of Mr. Norman Miller; Lloyd
Francis Engle, Jr., of Pittsburgh, Pa., on motion of Mr. Almon S.
Nelson; Robert H. Fraser, of Los Angeles, Calif., on motion of Mr.
Richard Winn; Leon Thomas Knauer, of Granby, Conn., and Arthur
E. McInerney, of Brooklyn, N.Y., on motion of Mr. Claron Chip-
man Spencer; John Hardwick Haley, Jr., of Belleville, Ill., on mo-
tion of Mr. Milton Kramer; and Thomas A. Latta, of Phoenix, Ariz.,
on motion of Mr. Edward Jacobson, were admitted to practice.
OPINIONS
No. 64. Robert Swain, petitioner, v. Alabama. On writ of certio-
rari to the Supreme Court of Alabama. Judgment affirmed. Opinion
by Mr. Justice White. Concurring opinion by Mr. Justice Harlan.
Mr. Justice Black concurs in the result. Dissenting opinion by Mr.
Justice Goldberg with whom Mr. Chief Justice Warren and Mr. Justice
Douglas join.
No. 111. Department of Mental Hygiene of California, petitioner,
v. Evelyn Kirchner, Administratrix of the Estate of Ellinor Green
Vance. On writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of California.
Judgment vacated and case remanded to the Supreme Court of Cali-
fornia for further proceedings as may be appropriate under state law.
The judgment and mandate of this Court shall issue forthwith.
Opinion by Mr. Justice Harlan. Mr. Justice Douglas, believing it
clear that the Supreme Court of California did not rest solely on the
Fourteenth Amendment of the Constitution of the United States,
would dismiss the writ.
No. 50. United States, petitioner, v. Daniel Andrew Seeger; and
No. 51. United States, petitioner, v. Arno Sascha Jakobson. On
writs of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the Sec-
ond Circuit; and
:1

MONDAY, MARCH 8, 1965
208
No. 29. Forest Britt Peter, petitioner, v. United States. On writ
of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the Ninth
Circuit. Judgments in Nos. 50 and 51 affirmed. Judgment in No. 29
reversed and case remanded to the United States District Court for
the Northern District of California for further proceedings in con-
formity with the opinion of this Court. Opinion by Mr. Justice
Clark. Concurring opinion by Mr. Justice Douglas.
No. 232. United States, appellant, v. Boston and Maine Railroad
et al. Appeal from the United States District Court for the District
of Massachusetts. Judgment vacated and case remanded to the Dis-
trict Court for further proceedings in conformity with the opinion
of this Court. Opinion by Mr. Justice Douglas.
No. 67. Louisiana et al., appellants, v. United States. Appeal from
the United States District Court for the Eastern District of Louisiana.
Judgment affirmed. Opinion by Mr. Justice Black. Mr. Justice
Harlan considers that the constitutional conclusions reached in the
opinion can properly be based only on the provisions of the Fifteenth
Amendment. In all other respects, he fully subscribes to the opinion.
No. 73. United States, appellant, v. Mississippi et al. Appeal from
the United States District Court for the Southern District of Missis-
sippi. Judgment reversed and case remanded to the District Court for
further proceedings in conformity with the opinion of this Court.
Opinion by Mr. Justice Black. Mr. Justice Harlan considers that the
constitutional conclusions reached in the opinion can properly be based
only on the provisions of the Fifteenth Amendment. In all other
respects, he fully subscribes to the opinion.
No. 443. Hughes Tool Company et al., petitioners, v. Trans World
Airlines, Inc. On writ of certiorari to the United States Court of
Appeals for the Second Circuit. Writ of certiorari dismissed as im-
providently granted. Opinion per curiam announced by Mr. Chief
Justice Warren.
No. 501. Hughes Tool Company, petitioner, v. Trans World Air-
lines, Inc., et al. On writ of certiorari to the United States Court of
Appeals for the Second Circuit. Writ of certiorari dismissed as im-
providently granted. Opinion per curiam announced by Mr. Chief
Justice Warren.
The Chief Justice said:
"The other orders of the Court have been certified by the Chief Jus-
tice and filed with the Clerk and will not be announced orally."
OPINIONS PER CURIAM
No. 774. Charles G. Davis, etc., et al., appellants, v. James R. Mabry
et al. Appeal from the United States District Court for the Western
☐

MONDAY, MARCH 8, 1965
209
District of Texas. The judgment is affirmed. Opinion per curiam.
Mr. Justice Harlan would reverse the judgment of the District Court
for the reasons stated in his dissenting opinion in Carrington v. Rash,
No. 82, October Term, 1964, decided March 1, 1965.
No. 797. Giles W. Stadler et al., etc., appellants, v. State Board of
Equalization of the State of California. Appeal from the District
Court of Appeal of California, Second Appellate District. The mo-
tion to dismiss is granted and the appeal is dismissed for want of a sub-
stantial federal question. Opinion per curiam.
No. 346, Misc. Wanda Jean Barnes, petitioner, v. Texas. On pe-
tition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Criminal Appeals of Texas.
Motion for leave to proceed in forma pauperis and petition for writ of
certiorari granted. Judgment reversed and case remanded to the
Court of Criminal Appeals of Texas for further proceedings not in-
consistent with the opinion of this Court. Opinion per curiam.
No. 465, Misc. Willie Seals, Jr., petitioner, v. Alabama. On peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Alabama. Motion
for leave to proceed in forma pauperis and petition for writ of cer-
tiorari granted. Judgment reversed and case remanded to the Supreme
Court of Alabama for further proceedings not inconsistent with the
opinion of this Court. Opinion per curiam.
No. 486, Misc. Samuel Arthur, petitioner, v. Colorado. On peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Colorado. Motion
for leave to proceed in forma pauperis and petition for writ of certio-
rari granted. Judgement reversed and case remanded to the Supreme
Court of Colorado for further proceedings not inconsistent with the
opinion of this Court. Opinion per curiam.
No. 848, Misc. Frederick Hall, appellant, v. Illinois. Appeal
from the Supreme Court of Illinois. The appeal is dismissed for
want of jurisdiction. Treating the papers whereon the appeal was
taken as a petition for writ of certiorari, certiorari is denied. Opinion
per curiam.
ORDERS IN PENDING CASES
No. 245. Waterman Steamship Corporation, petitioner, v. United
States. The joint motion to remove this case from the summary
calendar is granted and 15 additional minutes are allotted to each side
for oral argument.
No. 300. Ben W. Fortson, Jr., as Secretary of State of Georgia,
et al., appellants, v. Henry J. Toombs et al. The motion of the ap-
pellees to retax costs is granted and it is ordered that the judgment of
this Court be amended to provide that the appellants shall recover
one-half of their costs.
Hillt
لطائر

MONDAY, MARCH 8, 1965
210
No. 345. Maryland for the use of Nadine Y. Levin, Sydney L.
Johns, et al., petitioners, v. United States. The motion of the peti-
tioners to remove this case from the summary calendar is denied.
No. 348. Marc D. Leh, etc., et al., petitioners, v. General Petroleum
Corporation et al. Upon consideration of the motion of the petitioner,
Leh, for leave to proceed further herein in forma pauperis, it is ordered
that the case be heard on the typewritten record.
No. 355. Bernard Susser et al., petitioners, v. Carvel Corporation
et al. The motion of International Franchise Association, Inc., for
leave to file a brief, as amicus curiae, is granted.
No. 422. Federal Trade Commission, petitioner, v. Consolidated
Foods Corporation. The motion of Eaton Manufacturing Company
for leave to file a brief, as amicus curiae, is granted.
No. 814. Alf M. Landon, petitioner, v. Northern Natural Gas Com-
pany;
No. 815. Comisaria General de Abastecimientos y Transportes,
petitioner, v. Victory Transport Incorporated; and
No. 819. William C. Linn, petitioner, v. United Plant Guard Work-
ers of America, Local 114, et al. The Solicitor General is invited to
file briefs in these cases expressing the views of the United States.
APPEAL JURISDICTION NOTED
No. 835. Annie E. Harper et al., appellants, v. Virginia State
Board of Elections et al. Appeal from the United States District
Court for the Eastern District of Virginia. The motion to advance is
denied. In this case probable jurisdiction is noted.
CERTIORARI GRANTED
No. 632. Sgt. Jesse E. Snapp, petitioner, v. Honorable W. D. Neal,
State Auditor, et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme
Court of Mississippi granted and case placed on the summary calendar.
No. 817. Gerald Segal, individually and d/b/a Segal Cotton Prod-
ucts, et al., petitioners, v. William J. Rochelle, Jr., Trustee. Petition
for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the
Fifth Circuit granted and case placed on the summary calendar.
No. 803. California, petitioner, v. Lyman E. Buzard. Petition for
writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of California granted. Case
placed on the summary calendar and set for oral argument immedi-
ately following No. 632.
No. 671. The United Gas Improvement Company et al., petitioners,
v. Callery Properties, Inc., et al.;
No. 678. Public Service Commission of the State of New York, pe-
titioner, v. Callery Properties, Inc., et al.;
750-278-65- 53

MONDAY, MARCH 8, 1965
211
No. 714. Ocean Drilling & Exploration Company, petitioner, v.
Federal Power Commission et al.; and
No. 756. Federal Power Commission, petitioner, v. Callery Prop-
erties, Inc., et al. The motion of Consolidated Edison Company of
New York, Incorporated, et al., for leave to file a brief, as amici curaie,
in No. 671, is granted. Petitions for writs of certiorari to the United
States Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit granted. Cases con-
solidated and a total of four hours allotted for oral argument.
CERTIORARI DENIED
No. 804. Transocean Air Lines et al., petitioners, v. Irving Ben
Cooper, United States District Judge for the Southern District of
New York. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court
of Appeals for the Second Circuit denied.
No. 805. Richard A. Woodring, petitioner, v. United States. Peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for
the Ninth Circuit denied.
No. 809. Peter Goldberg, petitioner, v. United States. Petition for
writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the
Second Circuit denied.
No. 811. Charles Wilson Tennant, etc., petitioner, v. John R.
Shriver, Trustee. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Court of Appeals for the Sixth Circuit denied.
No. 812. Billy Farrell Thomerson, petitioner, v. Tennessee. Peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Tennessee, Middle
Division, denied.
No. 813. Edythe Rice Dyer, petitioner, v. Edward P. Murray, etc.,
et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Judicial Court of
Maine denied.
No. 816. William F. Waite, petitioner, v. Virginia. Petition for
writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Appeals of Virginia denied.
No. 818. Jack H. Scott et al., petitioners, v. United States. Peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for
the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 821. Richard F. Savelli, petitioner, v. Board of Medical Ex-
aminers of the State of California. Petition for writ of certiorari
to the District Court of Appeal of California, First Appellate District,
denied.
No. 822. David Grossman, petitioner, v. Jeannette Stubbs & Harold
Rugg. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of New
Jersey denied.

MONDAY, MARCH 8, 1965
212
No. 823. Llewellyn McGavic, petitioner, v. United States. Petition
for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the
Sixth Circuit denied.
No. 824. Pan American-Grace Airways, Inc., et al., petitioners, v.
Civil Aeronautics Board et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
United States Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia Circuit
denied.
No. 827. Chase Capital Corporation, dba Quail Valley Country
Club, petitioner, v. A. J. Bumb, Receiver-Trustee, etc. Petition for
writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the Ninth
Circuit denied.
No. 828. M. S. Chambliss et al., petitioners, v. Coca Cola Bottling
Corporation. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Court of Appeals for the Sixth Circuit denied.
No. 830. Local 25, Marine Division, International Union of Oper-
ating Engineers, AFL-CIO, et al., petitioners, v. American Dredging
Company. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court
of Appeals for the Third Circuit denied.
No. 218, Misc. Walter Edwards, petitioner, v. Walter H. Wilkins,
Warden. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court
of Appeals for the Second Circuit denied.
No. 356, Misc. Clyde Johnson, petitioner, v. United States. Pe-
tition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for
the Sixth Circuit denied.
No. 591, Misc. Murray Kirk, petitioner, v. Hon. Henry E. Santo,
etc., et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of
Colorado denied.
No. 635, Misc. John W. Jackson, Jr., petitioner, v. United States.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the District of Columbia Circuit denied.
No. 655, Misc. Jerry Erving, petitioner, v. Maurice H. Sigler,
Warden. Petition for writ of certiorari to the District Court of
Lancaster County, Nebraska denied.
No. 757, Misc. Elmer Krepel, petitioner, v. California. Petition
for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of California denied.
No. 779, Misc. Herbert Boone, petitioner, v. New York. Petition
for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the
Second Circuit denied.
No. 788, Misc. Elias Cisneros, petitioner, v. Harold A. Cox,
Warden. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of New
Mexico denied.
1
"
H

MONDAY, MARCH 8, 1965
213
No. 804, Misc. Dennis P. Kelly, petitioner, v. New Jersey et al.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the Third Circuit denied.
No. 807, Misc. Sylvester Lockhart, Jr., petitioner, v. David N.
Myers, Superintendent, State Correctional Institution. Petition for
writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Pennsylvania, Eastern Dis-
trict, denied.
No. 808, Misc. Banister J. Williams, petitioner, v. Frank J. Pate,
Warden. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Criminal Court of Cook
County, Illinois, denied.
No. 811, Misc. Burton N. Pugach, petitioner, v. New York. Peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals of New York denied.
No. 815, Misc. John A. Geeter, petitioner, v. Walter Dunbar, Di-
rector of Corrections. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme
Court of California, denied.
No. 821, Misc. Eugene L. Sturges, petitioner, v. California. Pe-
tition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of California denied.
No. 823, Misc. Charles Minchella, petitioner, v. Honorable Theo-
dore Levin, etc. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Court of Appeals for the Sixth Circuit denied.
No. 829, Misc. Victoria Fritz, petitioner, v. Wisconsin. Petition
for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Wisconsin denied.
No. 831, Misc. Samuel A. Thomas, petitioner, v. Illinois. Peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Illinois denied.
No. 837, Misc. Charles Joseph Luft, petitioner, v. George Kropp,
Warden. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of
Michigan denied.
No. 841, Misc. Carl W. Lamborn, petitioner, v. Pennsylvania et
al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Ap-
peals for the Third Circuit denied.
No. 844, Misc. Harry Mencher, petitioner, v. The Warden, Queens
House of Detention for Men. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
Court of Appeals of New York denied.
No. 850, Misc. William James Hensler, petitioner, v. Warden,
Queens House of Detention. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
United States Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit denied.
No. 852, Misc. Roy "X" 9 Ross, Jr., petitioner, v. John S. Court-
ney, Postmaster, et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United
States Court of Appeals for the Sixth Circuit denied.
No. 858, Misc. Foster Dash, petitioner, v. New York. Petition
for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals of New York denied.
"
my

MONDAY, MARCH 8, 1965
214
No. 864, Misc. Peter Corso, petitioner, v. Robert E. Murphy,
Warden. Petitioner for writ of certiorari to the United States Court
of Appeals for the Second Circuit denied.
| No. 879, Misc. William M. Miller, petitioner, v. United States.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the Ninth Circuit denied.
No. 899, Misc. George P. Dobranski, petitioner, v. Long Island
Railroad Company. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United
States Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit denied.
No. 904, Misc. William C. Rindgo, Jr., petitioner, v. United
States. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of
Appeals for the District of Columbia Circuit denied.
No. 528, Misc. Earl LeRoy Blackburn, petitioner, v. Maryland.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals of Maryland
denied. Mr. Justice Douglas is of the opinion that certiorari should
be granted.
No. 849, Misc. Donald Ray Carson, petitioner, v. Kentucky. Pe-
tition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals of Kentucky
denied. Mr. Justice Douglas is of the opinion that certiorari should
be granted.
REHEARINGS DENIED
No. 647. Robert Borum, petitioner, v. Wisconsin on the relation of
American Motors Corporation et al.;
No. 674. Jacuzzi Bros., Inc., et al., petitioners, v. Landon, Inc.;
No. 378, Misc. Walter Otto, petitioner, v. Hon. Frank R. Somers,
Mayor, etc., et al.;
No. 475, Misc. Bernard E. La Clair, petitioner, v. United States;
and
No. 706, Misc. Edgar H. Smith, petitioner, v. New Jersey. Peti-
tions for rehearing denied.
No. 588. C. E. Russ, petitioner, v. Southern Railway Company.
Motion of The Railway Labor Executives' Association for leave to file
a brief, as amicus curiae, denied. Petition for rehearing denied.
RECESS ORDER
The Court will take a recess from Monday, March 15, 1965, until
Monday, March 29, 1965.
ORAL ARGUMENT
No. 148. Lester G. McKinnie et al., petitioners, v. Tennessee. Ar-
gued by Mr. James M. Nabrit III for the petitioners and by Mr.
Thomas E. Fox for the respondent.

MONDAY, MARCH 8, 1965
215
No. 134. Paragon Jewel Coal Company, Inc., petitioner, v. Com-
missioner of Internal Revenue; and
No. 237. Commissioner of Internal Revenue, petitioner, v. Robert
Lee Merritt, et ux., et al. Argued by Mr. Frederick Bernays Wiener
for the petitioner in No.
134, by Mr. Philip B. Heymann for the
respondent in No. 134 and the petitioner in No. 237, and by Mr. John
Y. Merrell for the respondents in No. 237.
Adjourned until tomorrow at 10 o'clock.
The day call for Tuesday, March 9, 1965, will be as follows: Nos.
347, 115, 149, 202, 313, and 352.
☑
1
'
1
1
1

TUESDAY, MARCH 9, 1965
216
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: Mr. Chief Justice Warren, Mr. Justice Black, Mr. Justice
Douglas, Mr. Justice Clark, Mr. Justice Harlan, Mr. Justice Brennan,
Mr. Justice Stewart, Mr. Justice White, and Mr. Justice Goldberg.
ADMISSIONS TO THE BAR
Chesterfield Harvey Smith, of Bartow, Fla., on motion of Mr.
Spessard L. Holland; Ainard Gelbond, of Clifton, N.J., on motion of
Mr. Charles S. Joelson; William T. Plumb, Jr., of Washington, D.C.,
on motion of Mr. E. Barrett Prettyman, Jr.; Oscar B. Kleinfeld, of
Stockton, Calif., on motion of Mr. Richard N. Little; Angelo T.
Cometa, of New York, N.Y., on motion of Mr. Nathan Lewin; Charles
Trynin, of New York, N.Y., on motion of Mr. Ernest Schein; Randal
F. Dickey, Jr., of Oakland, Calif., on motion of Mr. Benjamin Louis
Zelenko; Leo Patrick Ferris, of Fort Worth, Tex., on motion of Mr.
W. Barton Boling; and Warren O. Smith, of Oakland, Calif., Joseph
M. Palermo, of Chicago, Ill., John Edward Softcheck, of Joliet, Ill.,
Eugene Ensing Stevens III, of Rockville, Md., Arthur J. Caron, Jr.,
of New Bedford, Mass., Charles Francis Murphy, of Natick, Mass.,
Arthur J. O'Keefe, of Boston, Mass., John P. Trayers, of Canton,
Mass., John Smith Crandell, of Oak Park, Mich., Allan McDowell
Goodloe, of Webster Groves, Mo., Charles H. Haggerty, of Eaton-
town, N.J., Walter E. Schroeder, of Loch Arbour, N.J., Dorothy G.
Postver, of Watervliet, N.Y., John Lenker Tuckerman, of Cleveland,
Ohio, Charles Clyde Allshouse, Jr., of Arlington, Va., Morton W.
Bachrach, of Alexandria, Va., Robert Paul Gibson, of Fairfax, Va.,
John H. Glowacki, of Arlington, Va., and Eugene C. Gott, Jr., of
Washington, D.C., on motion of Mr. S. Stewart Wilson, were ad-
mitted to practice.
ORAL ARGUMENT
No. 347. Max Jaben, petitioner, v. United States. Argued by Mr.
Morris A. Shenker for the petitioner and by Mr. Nathan Lewin for
the respondent.
No. 115. Warren Trading Post Company, appellant, v. Arizona
State Tax Commission et al. Argued by Mr. Edward Jacobson for
the appellant and by Mr. Philip M. Haggerty for the appellees.
No. 149. R. Wright Armstrong, Jr., petitioner, v. Salvatore E.
Manzo et ux. Argued by Mr. Ewell Lee Smith, Jr., for the peti-
tioner and by Mr. William Duncan for the respondents.
750-278-65--54
t

TUESDAY, MARCH 9, 1965
217
No. 202. Eddie Dean Griffin, petitioner, v. California. Argued by
Mr. Morris Lavine for the petitioner and by Mr. Albert W. Harris,
Jr., for the respondent.
No. 313. Jesse Elliott Douglas, petitioner, v. Alabama. Argument
commenced by Mr. Charles Cleveland for the petitioner and con-
tinued by Mr. Paul T. Gish, Jr., for the respondent.
Adjourned until tomorrow at 10 o'clock.
The day call for Wednesday, March 10, 1965, will be as follows:
Nos. 313, 352, 363, 365, and 422.
Х
141
1
P
יין .

WEDNESDAY, MARCH 10, 1965
218
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: Mr. Chief Justice Warren, Mr. Justice Black, Mr. Justice.
Douglas, Mr. Justice Clark, Mr. Justice Harlan, Mr. Justice Brennan,
Mr. Justice Stewart, Mr. Justice White, and Mr. Justice Goldberg.
ADMISSIONS TO THE BAR
John F. O'Mara, of Tempe, Ariz., on motion of Mr. Morris K. Udall;
Ross L. Jones, of Seymour, Tex., on motion of Mr. Roy Dale Adcock;
Sherman K. Levine, of New Castle, Pa., and Morton A. Lewis, of
Dallas, Tex., on motion of Mr. Nathan Lewin; Frederic L. Ballard, Jr.,
of Philadelphia, Pa., Tyson W. Coughlin, of Philadelphia, Pa., and
Harry W. Gill, Jr., of Philadelphia, Pa., on motion of Mr. Charles I.
Thompson, Jr.; Jerome K. Walsh, Jr., of New York, N.Y., on motion
of Mr. Norris Darrell; Harry Heher, Jr., of Princeton, N.J., on motion
of Mr. John Hurford Sharon; John Leslie White, of Falls Church, Va.,
on motion of Mr. M. Ted Raptes; Douglas G. Cole, of Cincinnati,
Ohio, on motion of Mr. Melvin C. Garbow; and Jack H. Kaufman,
of San Antonio, Tex., on motion of Mr. Charles M. Johnston, were
admitted to practice.
ORAL ARGUMENT
No. 313. Jesse Elliott Douglas, petitioner, v. Alabama. Argument
continued by Mr. Paul T. Gish, Jr., for the respondent and concluded
by Mr. Charles Cleveland for the petitioner.
No. 352. General Motors Corporation, petitioner, v. District of
Columbia. Argued by Mr. Donald K. Barnes for the petitioner and
by Mr. Henry E. Wixon for the respondent.
No. 363. Lucy C. Simons, petitioner, v. Miami Beach First National
Bank, etc. Argued by Mr. Robert C. Ward for the petitioner and by
Mr. Marion E. Sibley for the respondent.
No. 365. Michael C. Sansone, petitioner, v. United States. Leave
granted Mr. Paul Bender to appear and present oral argument for the
respondent, pro hac vice, on motion of Mr. Solicitor General Cox.
Argued by Mr. Merle L. Silverstein for the petitioner and by Mr. Paul
Bender for the respondent, pro hac vice, by special leave of Court.
750-278-65- 55
り

WEDNESDAY, MARCH 10, 1965
219
No. 422. Federal Trade Commission, petitioner, v. Consolidated
Foods Corporation. Argument commenced by Mr. Solicitor General
Cox for the petitioner.
Adjourned until tomorrow at 10 o'clock.
The day call for Thursday, March 11, 1965, will be as follows: Nos.
422, 437, 95, and 578.
☑
།་
12'
1

THURSDAY, MARCH 11, 1965
220
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: Mr. Chief Justice Warren, Mr. Justice Black, Mr. Justice
Douglas, Mr. Justice Clark, Mr. Justice Harlan, Mr. Justice Brennan,
Mr. Justice Stewart, Mr. Justice White, and Mr. Justice Goldberg.
ADMISSIONS TO THE BAR
Grady Nelson Forrester, of Tullahoma, Tenn., on motion of Mr.
Joe L. Evins; Samuel L. Devine, of Columbus, Ohio, on motion of Mr.
James Francis Reilly; Betty D. Friedlander, of Waverly, N.Y., on
motion of Mr. Gray Thoron; Euel A. Screws, Jr., of Montgomery,
Ala., on motion of Mr. Donald Joseph Cronin; T. E. Drucker, of
Rockville, Md., on motion of Mr. Joseph A. Nacrelli; D. Ted Farrell,
of Los Angeles, Calif., on motion of Mr. Richard N. Little; Thomas G.
Shack, Jr., of Boston, Mass., on motion of Mr. E. Stratford Smith;
Harper Laimbeer Abbot, of Pueblo, Colo., on motion of Mr. Warren G.
Elliott; Bernard F. Ashe, of Detroit, Mich., on motion of Mr. Victor J.
Ashe; Robert Hillard Doyle, of Washington, D.C., on motion of Mr.
Michael F. X. Dolan; Clement L. MaHale, of Pittsburgh, Pa., on
motion of Mr. Gordon S. Parker; and Ronald J. Offenkrantz, of New
York, N.Y., and Gerald Zuckerman, of New York, N.Y., on motion of
Mr. Leon B. Polsky, were admitted to practice.
ORAL ARGUMENT
No. 422. Federal Trade Commission, petitioner, v. Consolidated
Foods Corporation. Argument continued by Mr. Solicitor General
Cox for the petitioner, by Mr. Daniel Walker for the respondent, and
concluded by Mr. Solicitor General Cox for the petitioner.
No. 437. Otto V. Burnett, petitioner, v. New York Central Rail-
road Company. Argued by Mr. Douglas G. Cole for the petitioner
and by Mr. Roy W. Short for the respondent.
No. 95. Victor Linkletter, petitioner, v. Victor G. Walker, Warden.
Argued by Mr. Euel A. Screws, Jr., for the petitioner, by Mr. Teddy
W. Airhart, Jr., for the respondent, and by Mr. H. Richard Uviller
for the National District Attorneys' Association, as amicus curiae.
Memorandum to come.
No. 578. George Angelet, petitioner, v. Edward M. Fay, Warden.
Argued by Mr. Leon B. Polsky for the petitioner, by Mr. Gray Thoron
for the respondent, and by Mr. Michael Juviler for the National
District Attorneys' Association, as amicus curiae.
750-278-65--56
1
1

THURSDAY, MARCH 11, 1965
Adjourned until Monday, March 15, 1965, at 10 o'clock.
221
The day call for Monday, March 15, 1965, will be as follows: Nos.
345, 355, and 577.
☑
"
1

MONDAY, MARCH 15, 1965
222
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: Mr. Chief Justice Warren, Mr. Justice Black, Mr. Justice
Douglas, Mr. Justice Clark, Mr. Justice Harlan, Mr. Justice Brennan,
Mr. Justice Stewart, Mr. Justice White, and Mr. Justice Goldberg.
ADMISSIONS TO THE BAR
Nicolaus Bruns, Jr., of Washington, D.C., James H. Walsh, of
Jacksonville, Fla., Carl L. Campbell, of Dearborn Heights, Mich.,
Gerald Kadish, of Washington, D.C., and John F. Webster, of St.
Albans, Vt., on motion of Mr. Solicitor General Archibald Cox; Clem-
ent Murphy Moss, Jr., of New Orleans, La., on motion of Mr. Hale
Boggs: David N. Andrews, of Eugene Oreg., and Clifford D. Quel-
lette, of Eugene Oreg., on motion of Mr. Robert B. Duncan; Dan W.
Duffy, of Cleveland Ohio, and Sydney A. Hesse, of Cleveland, Ohio,
on motion of Mr. Michael V. DiSalle; Darrell F. Smith, of Mesa,
Ariz., on motion of Mr. Edwin A. Mooers; William D. Matthews, of
Washington, D.C., and Kenneth Eugene Scranton, of Chicago, Ill., on
motion of Mr. Edward T. Tait; Hans Harnik, of New York, N.Y., on
motion of Mr. Monroe Karasik; Ernest Maurice Shalowitz, of Wash-
ington, D.C., on motion of Mr. Jerry Z. Pruzansky; E. J. Spielman,
of Los Angeles, Calif., on motion of Mr. Carl Frederick Paul, Jr.;
Roger S. Borovoy, of San Francisco, Calif., on motion of Mr. J. Har-
old Kilcoyne; Doris Carroll, of New York, N.Y., on motion of Mr.
Herbert F. Roth; Edwin Henry Nordlinger, of New York, N.Y., on
motion of Mr. Arthur G. Kaplan; Haskell Edelstein, of New York,
N.Y., on motion of Mr. Hanno D. Mott; Albert E. Seligman, of New
York, N.Y., on motion of Mr. Harry Turner; John Wesley Benoit, Jr.,
of Augusta, Maine, on motion of Mr. Roland Rice; George William
Gray III, of Austin, Tex., on motion of Mr. Frank P. Jones, Jr.;
Joseph R. O'Connor, of Bloomington, Ill., and Gary L. Pauley, of
Normal, Ill., on motion of Mr. Charles C. Collins; Charles Emmet
Lucey, of Chevy Chase, Md., on motion of Mr. Perry S. Patterson;
David V. Kahn, of Chicago, Ill., on motion of Mr. Sigmund Timberg;
Everett L. Buckmaster, of Baltimore, Md., on motion of Mr. Richard
W. Galiher; Paul C. Valentine, of Palo Alto, Calif., on motion of Mr.
Leonard Niederlehner; Herman L. Weisman, of New York, N.Y., on
motion of Mr. John A. Wilson; Louis Alfred Fuselier, of Jackson,
Miss., John Hobart Hector, Jr., of Jackson, Miss., and John Calhoun
Sullivan, of Jackson, Miss., on motion of Mr. C. Arthur Sullivan; and
John J. Browne, of Houston, Tex., Bill Schlomann, of Houston, Tex.,
750-278-65- -57
1

1
MONDAY, MARCH 15, 1965
223
and Gilbert J. Pena, of Austin, Tex., on motion of Mr. Orville A.
Harlan, were admitted to practice.
OPINIONS
No. 61. Radio and Television Broadcast Technicians Local Union
1264, etc., et al., petitioners, v. Broadcast Service of Mobile, Inc. On
writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Alabama. Judgment re-
versed and case remanded to the Supreme Court of Alabama for
further proceedings not inconsistent with the opinion of this Court.
Opinion per curiam announced by Mr. Chief Justice Warren.
No. 96. Reserve Life Insurance Company, appellant, v. Stanley J.
Bowers, Tax Commissioner of Ohio. Appeal from the Supreme Court
of Ohio. Judgment reversed and case remanded to the Court of Ap-
peals of Ohio, First Appellate District, for further proceedings not
inconsistent with the opinion of this Court. Opinion per curiam
announced by Mr. Chief Justice Warren. Mr. Justice Black dis-
sents. Mr. Justice Stewart took no part in the decision of this case.
The Chief Justice said:
"The other orders of the Court have been certified by the Chief Jus-
tice and filed with the Clerk and will not be announced orally."
OPINIONS PER CURIAM
No. 314. Trans-Lux Distributing Corp., appellant, v. The Board
of Regents of the University of New York. Appeal from the Court
of Appeals of New York. Judgment reversed and case remanded to
the Court of Appeals of New York for further proceedings not in-
consistent with the opinion of this Court. Opinion per curiam.
No. 849. Sam E. Baker and Frank W. Ford, d/b/a Baker and
Ford, a partnership, appellant, v. Alaska. Appeal from the Supreme
Court of Washington. The appeal is dismissed for want of a substan-
tial federal question. Opinion per curiam. Mr. Justice Black and
Mr. Justice Douglas are of the opinion that probable jurisdiction
should be noted.
No. 340, Misc. Genevieve Florence Santos, petitioner, v. Texas.
On petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Criminal Appeals
of Texas. Motion for leave to proceed in forma pauperis and petition
for writ of certiorari granted. Judgment vacated and case remanded
to the Court of Criminal Appeals of Texas for further consideration
in light of Aguilar v. Texas, 378 U.S. 108. Opinion per curiam.
No. 397, Misc. Ralph Martinez, petitioner, v. United States. On
petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
"
12
1

MONDAY, MARCH 15, 1965
224
for the Ninth Circuit. Motion for leave to proceed in forma pauperis
and petition for writ of certiorari granted. Judgment vacated and
case remanded to the United States District Court for the Northern
District of California with instructions to make findings with respect
to petitioner's consent to the search. Opinion per curiam.
No. 476, Misc. Wayne Gilbert Marvel, petitioner, v. United States.
On petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of
Appeals for the Fifth Circuit. Motion for leave to proceed in forma
pauperis and petition for writ of certiorari granted. Judgment
vacated and case remanded to the United States District Court for the
Middle District of Alabama for a hearing as to whether petitioner
was misled by the trial judge as to the maximum sentence. Opinion
per curiam.
No. 527, Misc. John Christopher Harrison, appellant, v. Robert
S. McNamara, Secretary of Defense, et al. Appeal from the United
States District Court for the District of Connecticut. The motion to
affirm is granted and the judgment is affirmed. Opinion per curiam.
No. 794, Misc. Joseph Genovese, appellant, v. Ohio. Appeal
from the Supreme Court of Ohio. The motion to dismiss is granted
and the appeal is dismissed for want of jurisdiction. Treating the
papers whereon the appeal was taken as a petition for writ of cer-
tiorari, certiorari is denied. Opinion per curiam.
ORDERS IN PENDING CASES
No. 292. The Atlantic Refining Company, petitioner, v. Federal
Trade Commission; and
No. 296. The Goodyear Tire & Rubber Company, petitioner, v.
Federal Trade Commission. The motion of the respondent to consoli-
date these cases for oral argument is granted.
No. 355. Bernard Susser et al., petitioners, v. Carvel Corporation
et al. The petitioners are ordered to show cause on or before Thurs-
day, March 25, 1965, why the writ in this proceeding should not be dis-
missed for want of prosecution.
No. 496. Estelle T. Griswold et al., appellants, v. Connecticut.
The motion of Dr. John M. Adams et al., for leave to file a brief, as
amici curiae, is granted. The motion of The Catholic Council on Civil
Liberties for leave to file a brief, as amicus curiae, is granted. The
motion of Planned Parenthood Federation of America, Inc., for leave
to file a brief, as amicus curiae, is granted. The motion of Planned
Parenthood Federation of America, Inc., for leave to participate in
oral argument, as amicus curiae, is denied.
No. 789. Raymond D. Howell, petitioner, v. Ohio. The motion of
1
Н

MONDAY, MARCH 15, 1965
225
the petitioner to consolidate for argument with No. 202, or for alter-
native relief, is denied.
No. 948. United States, appellant, v. Cecil Ray Price et al.; and
No. 949. United States, appellant, v. Cecil Ray Price et al. The
motion of the United States as to consolidating these cases is deferred
awaiting the timely filing of responses to the jurisdictional statement;
in all other respects the motion is denied.
APPEAL JURISDICTION NOTED
No. 820. United States, appellant, v. General Motors Corporation
et al. Appeal from the United States District Court for the Southern
District of California. In this case probable jurisdiction is noted.
CERTIORARI GRANTED
No. 172. United States, petitioner, v. Frank Romano et al. Peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for
the Second Circuit granted and case placed on the summary calendar.
No. 527. The Hanna Mining Company et al., petitioners, v. Dis-
trict 2, Marine Engineers Beneficial Association, AFL-CIO, et al.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Wisconsin
granted and case placed on the summary calendar.
No. 780. Alfred D. Rosenblatt, petitioner, v. Frank P. Baer. Peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of New Hampshire
granted and case placed on the summary calendar. Counsel are di-
rected in addition to argue the question whether, at the time of
respondent's employment as supervisor of the recreation area, he was
a "public official" under the decisions of this Court in New York Times
Co. v. Sullivan, 376 U.S. 254 and Garrision v. Louisiana, 379 U.S. 64.
CERTIORARI DENIED
No. 145. Honorable Michael L. Igoe, United States District Judge,
etc., petitioner, v. United States. Petition for writ of certiorari to
the United States Court of Appeals for the Seventh Circuit denied.
No. 193. Frank Romano et al., petitioners, v. United States. Peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for
the Second Circuit denied.
No. 234. Harold Roth et al., petitioners, v. United States. Peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for
the Second Circuit denied.
No. 286. L. Buford Hall et al., petitioners, v. United States. Peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for
the Fifth Circuit denied.
"
1114

MONDAY, MARCH 15, 1965
226
No. 561. Dudley Dupleshin, petitioner, v. Louisiana. Petition for
writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Louisiana denied.
No. 788. Minnesota ex rel. Roger W. Jenson, petitioner, v. Civil
Service Commission of the City of Minneapolis et al. Petition for
writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Minnesota denied.
No. 833. Lyon Tyler Matthew et al., petitioners, v. Commissioner
of Internal Revenue. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United
States Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 836. Doris M. Brown et al., petitioners, v. Ohio Power Com-
pany. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Ohio
denied.
No. 839. Patricia R. Smith, petitioner, v. The Louisville Trust
Company et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Court of Appeals for the Sixth Circuit denied.
No. 840. Noble Drilling Corporation, petitioner, v. Eunick P.
Saunier, Jr. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court
of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 841. Louisa Mariano, petitioner, v. Connecticut. Petition for
writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Errors of Connecticut de-
nied.
No. 842. Pan-American Life Insurance Company, petitioner, v.
Rolando Menendez Botana. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Dis-
trict Court of Appeal of Florida, Third Appellate District, denied.
No. 845. Northern Metal Company, petitioner, v. Pennsylvania
Board of Finance and Revenue. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
Supreme Court of Pennsylvania, Middle District, denied.
No. 846. Matson Navigation Company, petitioner, v. Eddie Huff.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the Ninth Circuit denied.
No. 850. Continental Grain Company, petitioner, v. City of Buf-
falo et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court
of Appeals for the Second Circuit denied.
No. 800. Gate Film Club, petitioner, v. Louis M. Pesce. Petition
for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the
Second Circuit denied. Mr. Justice Douglas is of the opinion that
certiorari should be granted.
No. 844. Floyd B. Harmon, petitioner, v. United States. Petition
for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the
Sixth Circuit denied. Mr. Justice Douglas is of the opinion that
certiorari should be granted.
No. 171, Misc. William Sorenson, petitioner, v. United States.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the Second Circuit denied.
2

MONDAY, MARCH 15, 1965
227
No. 258, Misc. Robert McClure et al., petitioners, v. United States.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the Ninth Circuit denied.
No. 348, Misc. John Scifo, petitioner, v. New York. Petition for
writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals of New York denied.
No. 498, Misc. Oswald Godfrey Jordan, petitioner, v. United
States. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court
of Appeals for the Fourth Circuit denied.
No. 547, Misc. Victor E. Stadter, petitioner, v. United States;
No. 555, Misc. Roy Ehlen, petitioner, v. United States; and
No. 644, Misc. Marvin Wright, petitioner, v. United States.
Petitions for writs of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the Second Circuit denied.
No. 631, Misc. Troy Lee Cochran, petitioner, v. United States.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the Sixth Circuit denied.
No. 813, Misc. William D. Blue, petitioner, v. United States.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the District of Columbia Circuit denied.
No. 816, Misc. Benjamin T. Guerrieri, petitioner, v. Ohio et al.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Ohio denied.
No. 822, Misc. Donald Arbuckle, petitioner, v. Illinois. Petition
for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Illinois denied.
No. 828, Misc. Leroy Lemons, petitioner, v. United States. Peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for
the Ninth Circuit denied.
No. 830, Misc. Edward Christopher Borsey, petitioner, v. Wash-
ington. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Wash-
ington denied.
No. 866, Misc. Nasser Haghighi and Mansour Haghighi, peti-
tioners, v. Arizona et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Su-
preme Court of Arizona denied.
No. 867, Misc. Detluf L. Schlueter, petitioner, v. Frank A. Eyman
et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Arizona
denied.
No. 868, Misc. David D. Taylor, petitioner, v. J. Edwin La Vallee,
Warden. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court
of Appeals for the Second Circuit denied.
No. 907, Misc. Booker T. Hillery, Jr., petitioner, v. Lawrence E.
Wilson, Warden. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court
of California denied.

MONDAY, MARCH 15, 1965
228
No. 910, Misc. Ralph Leon Gandy, petitioner, v. John C. Watkins,
Warden. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court
of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 920, Misc. Theodore C. Ruark, petitioner, v. Colorado. Peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Colorado denied.
LEAVE TO FILE PETITIONS FOR WRITS OF HABEAS CORPUS DENIED
No. 856, Misc. Perry Eugene Walker, petitioner, v. Frank J. Pate,
Warden, et al.;
No. 871, Misc. Ernest Gibson, petitioner, v. E. L. Maxwell,
Warden;
No. 919, Misc. Oliver Rae Schumann, petitioner. v. United States;
No. 921, Misc. Howard Leon Pennington, petitioner, v. Warden,
United States Penitentiary, Terre Haute, Indiana; and
No. 969, Misc. In the Matter of Guy Auguste Duval, petitioner.
Motions for leave to file petitions for writs of habeas corpus denied.
No. 857, Misc. Henry Bowens, petitioner, v. Frank J. Pate,
Warden;
No. 922, Misc. Ben Hitchcock, petitioner, v. Frank A. Eyman,
Warden; and
No. 952, Misc. William A. Tarpley, petitioner, v. Walter H.
Wilkins, Warden. Motions for leave to file petitions for writs of
habeas corpus denied. Treating the papers submitted as petitions
for writs of certiorari, certiorari is denied.
REHEARINGS DENIED
No. 548. Jasper Lee Robinson, by his father and next friend, Willie
Robinson, petitioner, v. Illinois High School Association et al.; and
No. 564. Carmen Tisone, appellant, v. Ohio. Petitions for rehear-
ing denied.
No. 104, Misc. Arthur D. Jack, petitioner, v. Washington. Motion
for leave to file petition for rehearing denied.
ORAL ARGUMENT
No. 345. Maryland for the use of Nadine Y. Levin, Sydney L.
Johns et al., petitioners, v. United States. Argued by Mr. Theodore
E. Wolcott for the petitioners and by Mr. David Rose for the
respondent.
No. 577. Bob Granville Pointer, petitioner, v. Texas. Argued by
| Mr. Orville A. Harlan for the petitioner and by Mr. Gilbert J.
Pena for the respondent. Memorandum to come.
1
萬
1
1
'

MONDAY, MARCH 15, 1965
Adjourned until Monday, March 29, 1965, at 10 o'clock.
229
The day call for Monday, March 29, 1965, will be as follows: Nos.
399, 496, and 292 (and 296).
Х

MONDAY, MARCH 29, 1965
230
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: Mr. Chief Justice Warren, Mr. Justice Black, Mr. Justice
Douglas, Mr. Justice Clark, Mr. Justice Harlan, Mr. Justice Brennan,
Mr. Justice Stewart, Mr. Justice White, and Mr. Justice Goldberg.
ADMISSIONS TO THE BAR
George W. Grider, of Memphis, Tenn., James Elliott Bondurant, of
Hodgenville, Ky., Lawrence A. Klinger, of Arlington, Va., Daniel
Edward Leach, of Alexandria, Va., Alvin B. Lebar, of Perth Amboy,
N.J., Arthur H. Maslansky, of New York, N.Y., Forrest B. Ashcraft,
of Newark, Ohio, Donald M. Byrd, of Alexandria, Ohio, and Rupert
J. Groh, Jr., of Alexandria, Va., on motion of Mr. Solicitor General
Archibald Cox; Jack L. Ferguson, of Napa, Calif., on motion of Mr.
Robert L. Leggett; William R. Mitchell, of Modesto, Calif., on motion
of Mr. John J. McFall; Owen Calvin Neff, of Cleveland, Ohio, on
motion of Mr. William E. Minshall; Phill Silver, of Hollywood,
Calif., on motion of Mr. Richard T. Hanna; William Jefferson Mar-
shall, Jr., of Chicago, Ill., and Charles Louis Michod, Jr., of Chicago,
Ill., on motion of Judge Craig S. Atkins; Edgar G. Merson, of Madi-
son, Wisc., and Rex Howard Reed, of Washington, D.C., on motion of
Mr. Roy Dale Adcock; Thomas J. Singleton, of Mount Kisco, N.Y.,
on motion of Mr. Charles Sylvanus Rhyne; Robert Graham Sulli-
van, of San Diego, Calif., and Raymond A. Koltys, of Detroit, Mich.,
on motion of Mr. Richard N. Little; Thomas Michael Foglietta, of
Philadelphia, Pa., R. Anthony Toto, of Philadelphia, Pa., and Joseph
S. Ziccardi, of Philadelphia, Pa., on motion of Mr. Robert Lowe
Kunzig; Dixon L. Pyles, of Jackson, Miss., on motion of Mr. Louis
Sherman; Arden E. Firestone, of Akron Ohio, on motion of Mr.
Robert Crafts; Gordon F. Basler, of Cleveland, Ohio, and Craig
Spangenberg, of Chagrin Falls, Ohio, on motion of Mr. Oliver W.
Hasenflue; Charles L. Bucy, of Alexandria, Va., on motion of Mr.
Jerome Powell; Eleanor M. Fox, of New York, N.Y., on motion of
Mr. Thomas I. Emerson; Joseph P. Nigon, of Silver Spring, Md., on
motion of Mr. George R. Douglas, Jr.; George R. Kucik, of Wash-
ington, D.C., on motion of Mr. Robert B. Hummel; Theodore Cecil
Brown, Jr., of Raleigh, N.C., on motion of Mr. Jerome O. Hendrick-
son; Theodore M. Garver, of Cleveland, Ohio, on motion of Mr. Theo-
dore R. Colborn; Robert Franklin Custard, of Hyattsville, Md., and
Thomas Ira Davenport, of Lower Gwynedd, Pa., on motion of
Thomas J. Greer, Jr.; and Julius Maretz, of New Haven, Conn.,
750-278-65- -58

MONDAY, MARCH 29, 1965
231
Albert R. Annunziata, of New Haven, Conn., and George J. Jaser, of
Milford, Conn., on motion of Mr. Joseph B. Clark, were admitted
to practice.
OPINIONS
No. 365. Michael C. Sansone, petitioner, v. United States. On
writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the Eighth
Circuit. Judgment affirmed. Opinion by Mr. Justice Goldberg. Mr.
Justice Black and Mr. Justice Douglas dissent.
No. 255. The American Ship Building Company, petitioner, v.
National Labor Relations Board. On writ of certiorari to the United
States Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia Circuit. Judg-
ment reversed and case remanded to the Court of Appeals for further
consideration in conformity with the opinion of this Court. Opinion
by Mr. Justice Stewart. Opinion by Mr. Justice White concurring
in the result. Opinion by Mr. Justice Goldberg with whom Mr. Chief
Justice Warren joins concurring in the result.
No. 7. National Labor Relations Board, petitioner, v. John Brown
et al. On writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the Tenth Circuit. Judgment affirmed. Opinion by Mr. Justice
Brennan. Concurring opinion by Mr. Justice Goldberg with whom
Mr. Chief Justice Warren joins. Dissenting opinion by Mr. Justice
White.
No. 37. Textile Workers Union of America, petitioner, v. Darling-
ton Manufacturing Company et al.; and
No. 41. National Labor Relations Board, petitioner, v. Darlington
Manufacturing Company et al. On writs of certiorari to the United
States Court of Appeals for the Fourth Circuit. Judgments vacated
and cases remanded to the Court of Appeals with instructions to
remand to the National Labor Relations Board for further proceed-
ings in conformity with the opinion of this Court. Opinion by Mr.
Justice Harlan. Mr. Justice Stewart took no part in the decision of
these cases. Mr. Justice Goldberg took no part in the consideration
or decision of these cases.
The Chief Justice said:
"The other orders of the Court have been certified by the Chief Jus-
tice and filed with the Clerk and will not be announced orally."
OPINIONS PER CURIAM
No. 89. Aaron E. Henry, petitioner, v. Benford C. Collins; and
No. 90. Aaron E. Henry, petitioner, v. Thomas H. Pearson. On
petitions for writs of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Mississippi.
Petitions for writs of certiorari granted, judgments reversed, and
"
+

MONDAY, MARCH 29, 1965
232
cases remanded to the Supreme Court of Mississippi for further pro-
ceedings not inconsistent with the opinion of this Court. Opinion per
curiam. Mr. Justice Black, Mr. Justice Douglas, and Mr. Justice
Goldberg concur in the reversal of these judgments.
No. 307. William M. O'Keeffe, Deputy Commissioner, Bureau of
Employees' Compensation, United States Department of Labor, peti-
tioner v. Smith, Hinchman & Grylls Associates, Inc., et al. On peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for
the Fifth Circuit. Petition for writ of certiorari granted, judgment
reversed, and case remanded to the United States District Court for
the Middle District of Florida for further proceedings in conformity
with the opinion of this Court. Opinion per curiam. Dissenting
opinion by Mr. Justice Harlan with whom Mr. Justice Clark and Mr.
Justice White join. Opinion by Mr. Justice Douglas, dubitante.
No. 770. Chicago, Rock Island and Pacific R. Co., et al., appellants,
v. United States et al. Appeal from the United States District Court
for the Eastern District of Missouri. The motions to affirm are granted
and the judgment is affirmed. Opinion per curiam.
ORDERS IN PENDING CASES
No. 291. Minnesota Mining and Manufacturing Company, peti-
tioner v. New Jersey Wood Finishing Company. The motion of
respondent to advance is granted and the case is set for argument
during the week of April 26th.
No. 292. The Atlantic Refining Company, petitioner, v. Federal
Trade Commission. The motion of Automotive Service Industry As-
sociation for leave to file a brief, as amicus curiae, is granted.
No. 355. Bernard Susser et al., petitioners, v. Carvel Corporation
et al. The rule to show cause is discharged. The case is returned to
the argument calendar and set for argument on Thursday, April 29,
1965.
No. 496. Estelle T. Griswold et al., appellants, v. Connecticut.
The motion of The American Civil Liberties Union, et al., for leave
to file a brief, as amici curiae, is granted.
No. 657. Carnation Company, petitioner, v. Pacific Westbound
Conference et al. The motion of Herman Goldman for leave to with-
draw his appearance as counsel for the respondents is granted.
No. 1139, Misc. In the Matter of the Disbarment of Eldon C.
Harris. It is ordered that Eldon C. Harris of West Yellowstone,
Montana, be suspended from the practice of the law in this Court
and that a rule issue, returnable within forty days, requiring him
to show cause why he should not be disbarred from the practice of
the law in this Court.

L
233
MONDAY, MARCH 29, 1965
No. 1140, Misc. In the Matter of the Disbarment of Bernard J.
Hammett. It is ordered that Bernard J. Hammett of Washington,
District of Columbia, be suspended from the practice of the law in
this Court and that a rule issue, returnable within forty days, requir-
ing him to show cause why he should not be disbarred from the prac-
tice of the law in this Court.
CERTIORARI GRANTED
No. 778. Calmar, Inc., petitioner, v. Cook Chemical Company; and
No. 810. Colgate-Palmolive Company, petitioner, v. Cook Chemi-
cal Company. Petitions for writs of certiorari to the United States.
Court of Appeals for the Eighth Circuit granted. Cases consolidated
and one hour allotted for oral argument for both cases. Cases set for
argument immediately following No. 580.
No. 883. International Union, United Automobile, Aerospace and
Agricultural Implement Workers of America, Local 133, UAW,
AFL-CIO, petitioner, v. The Fafnir Bearing Company et al. Peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for
the Second Circuit granted and case placed on the summary calendar.
Case set for oral argument immediately following No. 650.
No. 906. United States, petitioner, v. Bert N. Adams et al. Peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Claims
granted and case placed on the summary calendar. Case set for oral
argument immediately following Nos. 778 and 810.
No. 909. United States et al., petitioners, v. Wilson & Co., Inc.,
et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of
Appeals for he Seventh Circuit granted and case placed on the sum-
mary calendar.
CERTIORARI DENIED
No. 474. Pan-American World Airways, Incorporated, et al., peti-
tioners, v. Stephen O'Hearne, Deputy Commissioner, Fifth Compen-
sation District, U.S. Department of Labor, Bureau of Employees'
Compensation. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Court of Appeals for the Fourth Circuit denied.
No. 765. Wilson & Co., Inc., et al., petitioners, v. United States
et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of
Appeals for the Seventh Circuit denied.
No. 825. Eber Bros. Wine & Liquor Corporation, petitioner, v.
United States. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Court of Claims denied.
No. 851. E. M. Piper, petitioner, v. United States. Petition for
writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the Fifth
Circuit denied.
"1

MONDAY, MARCH 29, 1965
234
No. 852. Pan American World Airways, Inc., et al., petitioners, v.
William M. O'Keeffe, Deputy Commissioner, United States Depart-
ment of Labor. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 853. Thomas Sterger et al., petitioners, v. Wisconsin. Petition
for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Wisconsin denied.
No. 854. Lorene M. Swain, as Executrix of the Last Will and Testa-
ment of William T. Swain, Deceased, et al., petitioners, v. Boeing Air-
plan Company. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit denied.
No. 855. Humble Oil and Refining Company, petitioner, v. Inde-
pendent Industrial Workers' Union. Petition for writ of certiorari
to the United States Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 857. Seneca Nation of Indians, petitioner, v. United States.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the Second Circuit denied.
No. 860. Woodmar Realty Company, petitioner, v. Walter A. Mc-
Lean, Trustee, et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United
States Court of Appeals for the Seventh Circuit denied.
No. 861. Albert J. Minichello, Nicholas Mauriello and Ygnatz
Yuchnis, etc., petitioners, v. James J. Saxon, Comptroller of Currency
for the United States, et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
United States Court of Appeals for the Third Circuit denied.
No. 863. Mercury Metalcraft Company, petitioner, v. Joseph O.
McCarty. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of
Michigan denied.
No. 865. Athanasios Patsis a/k/a Thomas Nickas, petitioner, v.
Immigration and Naturalization Service. Petition for writ of cer-
tiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the Eighth Circuit
denied.
No. 866. John Walsh, Trustee in Bankruptcy for Basic Mining,
Inc., etc., petitioner, v. Lockhart Associates. Petition for writ of
certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit
denied.
No. 868. Jamy Corporation, petitioner, v. Robert A. Riddell, Indi-
vidually and as District Director of Internal Revenue, Los Angeles,
California. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court
of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit denied.
No. 871. Karoline Cauer et al., etc., petitioners, v. Edward J.
Brenner, Commissioner of Patents. Petition for writ of certiorari
to the United States Court of Customs and Patent Appeals denied.
No. 874. Ralph R. Benson, petitioner, v. California et al. Petition
for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the
Ninth Circuit denied.
750-278-65-59

MONDAY, MARCH 29, 1965
235
Petition
No. 875. Michael C. Mays, petitioner, v. Washington.
for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Washington denied.
No. 876. Athenian Realty Corporation, petitioner, v. Southwestern
Bell Telephone Company et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to
the United States Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 878. J. Minor Sullivan, III, petitioner, v. New Jersey. Peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of New Jersey denied.
No. 880. Morton Lifshutz, petitioner, v. Maryland. Petition for
writ of certiorari to the court of Appeals of Maryland denied.
No. 881. Eugene Alexander Graham, Jr., petitioner, v. California.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Appellate Department of the
Superior Court of California, County of Los Angeles, denied.
No. 884. In the Matter of Miguel Vega Andrada, petitioner. Peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of California denied.
No. 885. Coro, Inc., petitioner, v. Federal Trade Commission.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the First Circuit denied.
No. 887. The New York Central Railroad Company, petitioner, v.
Southern Railway Company. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
United States Court of Appeals for the Seventh Circuit denied.
No. 888. Crawford Transport Company, Incorporated, petitioner,
v. Chrysler Corporation et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
United States Court of Appeals for the Sixth Circuit denied.
No. 889. Zim Israel Navigation Co., Ltd., as Owner of Steamship
Israel, petitioner, v. United States Lines Company. Petition for writ
of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the Second
Circuit denied.
No. 890. Village on the Hill, Inc., petitioner, v. Massachusetts
Turnpike Authority et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
Supreme Judicial Court of Massachusetts denied.
No. 892. Heavenly Creations, Inc., et al., petitioners, v. Federal
Trade Commission. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United
States Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit denied.
No. 895. Michaels Enterprises, Inc., et al., petitioners, v. United
States. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of
Appeals for the Eighth Circuit denied.
No. 896. Frank D'Angiolillo, a/k/a Frank Buick, and Louis
D'Angiolillo, petitioners, v. United States. Petition for writ of cer-
tiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit
denied.
No. 897. James M. Casida et al., petitioners, v. International Union
of Operating Engineers, AFL-CIO, et al. Petition for writ of cer-
1420
$ 1

MONDAY, MARCH 29, 1965
236
tiorari to the Court of Civil Appeals of Texas, Seventh Supreme
Judicial District, denied.
No. 898. John Alan Appleman et ux., petitioners, v. United States.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the Seventh Circuit denied.
No. 643. Pioche Mines Consolidated, Inc., et al., petitioners, v.
Helen Dolman et al.; and
No. 808. Helen Dolman et al., petitioners v. Pioche Mines Consoli-
dated, Inc., et al. Motions of Katherine Hansbrough and Lawrence
Rust Lee to strike unauthorized appearances and for other relief are
denied. Petitions for writs of certiorari to the United States Court of
Appeals for the Ninth Circuit denied.
No. 140, Misc. Ernest John Williams, petitioner, v. United States.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the Fourth Circuit denied.
No. 443, Misc. Preston R. Tucker, petitioner, v. California De-
partment of Corrections et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
Supreme Court of California denied.
No. 500, Misc. Sidoro Agnello, petitioner, v. Frank J. Pate,
Warden. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court
of Appeals for the Seventh Circuit denied.
No. 504, Misc. Robert L. Ferrario, petitioner, v. Maurice H. Sig-
ler, Warden. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of
Nebraska denied.
No. 536, Misc. Morris Stalvey, petitioner, v. Louie L. Wain-
wright, Director, Division of Corrections. Petition for writ of cer-
tiorari to the Supreme Court of Florida denied.
No. 679, Misc. Stanley B. Parker, petitioner, v. California. Peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of California denied.
No. 709, Misc. John Willard Blann, petitioner, v. Director of
Patuxent Institution. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of
Appeals of Maryland denied.
No. 724, Misc. Comer Blocker, petitioner, v. United States. Peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for
the District of Columbia Circuit denied.
No. 727, Misc. Frank Beuf, petitioner, v. New York. Petition
for writ of certiorari to the Appellant Division of the Supreme Court
of New York, Second Judicial Department, denied.
No. 765, Misc. Miguel Cura, petitioner, v. United States. Peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for
the Ninth Circuit denied.
INT

MONDAY, MARCH 29, 1965
237
No. 818, Misc. Pedro E. Sanchez Tapia, petitioner, v. United
States et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court
of Appeals for the Second Circuit denied.
No. 862, Misc. Edward Charles Curtis, petitioner, v. John E.
Bennett, Warden, et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
Supreme Court of Iowa denied.
No. 863, Misc. Philip M. Cali, petitioner, v. United States. Peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for
the First Circuit denied.
No. 870, Misc. R. R. Thompson, petitioner, v. Norfolk & Western
Railway Company. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme
Court of Appeals of Virginia denied.
No. 880, Misc. Emmett J. Stebbins, petitioner, v. United States.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Claims
denied.
No. 881, Misc. Charles Hampton, petitioner, v. Colorado. Peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Colorado denied.
No. 898, Misc. Palmer Giles, petitioner, v. Ohio. Petition for
writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Ohio denied.
No. 902, Misc. Roger Williams, petitioner, v. United States. Peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for
the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 903, Misc. Charles Elwood Hipp, petitioner, v. Franklin K.
Brough, Warden. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Court of Appeals for the Fourth Circuit denied.
No. 905, Misc. Robert William Smith, petitioner, v. United States.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the Sixth Circuit denied.
No. 913, Misc. Leroy Baker, petitioner, v. Ward Lane, Warden.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the Seventh Circuit denied.
No. 915, Misc. Victor Ardelean, petitioner, v. Ruan Transport
Company of Lemont, Illinois, et al. Petition for writ of certiorari
to the United States Court of Appeals for the Seventh Circuit denied.
No. 917, Misc. David Berry, petitioner, v. United States. Peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the Seventh Circuit denied.
No. 925, Misc. Bernard Rohrlich, petitioner, v. Edward M. Fay,
Warden. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court
of Appeals for the Second Circuit denied.
No. 929, Misc. Frank Doran Huizar, petitioner, v. United States.
Petition for a writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the Fifth Circuit denied.

MONDAY, MARCH 29, 1965
238
LEAVE TO FILE PETITIONS FOR WRITS OF HABEAS CORPUS DENIED
No. 643, Misc. Albert Junior Ledford, petitioner, v. North Caro-
lina; and
No. 974, Misc. Joseph A. Blake, petitioner, v. Louie L. Wain-
wright, Director, Division of Corrections. Motions for leave to file
petitions for writs of habeas corpus denied.
No. 519, Misc. Mulford H. Meadows, petitioner, v. Otto C. Boles,
Warden; and
No. 938, Misc. L. V. Bowens, petitioner, v. California Department
of Corrections. Motions for leave to file petitions for writs of habeas
corpus denied. Treating the papers submitted as petitions for writs
of certiorari, certiorari is denied.
LEAVE TO FILE PETITION FOR WRIT OF INJUNCTION DENIED
No. 627, Misc. Herman Jackson, Jr., petitioner, v. DeWitt Sin-
clair, Superintendent, Florida State Prison. Motion for leave to file
petition for writ of injunction denied.
LEAVE TO FILE PETITIONs for Writs OF MANDAMUS DENIED
No. 521, Misc. Mervin A. Gajewski, petitioner, v. U.S. Court of
Appeals for the Eighth Circuit;
No. 605, Misc. James Emory Cline, petitioner, v. United States
District Court for the Southern District of Ohio, Eastern Division;
and
No. 786, Misc. Ralph Keene, petitioner, v. Alabama. Motions for
leave to file petitions for writs of mandamus denied.
REHEARINGS DENIED
No. 585. Federal Power Commission, petitioner, v. Amerada Petro-
leum Corporation et al.;
No. 32, Misc. Bernard Cyril Meaton, petitioner, v. United States;
No. 640, Misc. Joseph W. Di Silvestro, petitioner, v. United
States; and
No. 701, Misc. Arthur Herbert Browne, petitioner, v. Wisconsin.
Petitions for rehearing denied.
RECESS ORDER
The Court will take a recess from Monday, April 5, 1965, until
Monday, April 26, 1965.

MONDAY, MARCH 29, 1965
ORAL ARGUMENT
239
No. 399. United States, petitioner, v. Archie Brown. Argued by
Mr. Solicitor General Cox for the petitioner and by Mr. Richard
Gladstein for the respondent.
No. 496. Estelle T. Griswold et al., appellants, v. Connecticut.
Argument commenced by Mr. Thomas I. Emerson for the appellants
and continued by Mr. Joseph B. Clark for the appellee.
Adjourned until tomorrow at 10 o'clock.
The day call for Tuesday, March 30, 1965, will be as follows: Nos.
496, 292 (and 296), 486, 628, and 489.
✓

TUESDAY, MARCH 30, 1965
240
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: Mr. Chief Justice Warren, Mr. Justice Black, Mr. Justice
Douglas, Mr. Justice Clark, Mr. Justice Harlan, Mr. Justice Brennan,
Mr. Justice Stewart, Mr. Justice White, and Mr. Justice Goldberg.
ADMISSIONS TO THE BAR
Andrew James Zafis, of Oconomowoc, Wis., on motion of Miss
Nancy Murry; Philip L. Charles, of Washington, D.C., on motion of
Mr. Eugene J. Kaplan; William Ford, of Salisbury, Conn., on motion
of Miss Catherine G. Roraback; Charles F. Nichols, of San Antonio,
Tex., on motion of Mr. Kenneth H. Burns; Howard L. Hyde, of
Akron, Ohio, on motion of Mr. Robert Crafts; John Loomis Peterson,
of Aurora, Ill., on motion of Mr. William Joseph Delany; William W.
Sturges, of Charlotte, N.C., on motion of Mr. E. Riley Casey; Cyril F.
Hetsko, of New York, N.Y., on motion of Mr. Abe Krash; Macdonald
Flinn, of New York, N.Y., on motion of Mr. Thomas S. Markey; John
Stuart Riedel, of New York, N.Y., on motion of Mr. Harold Leven-
thal; Brian D. Forrow, of Greenwich, Conn., on motion of Mr. Henry
Roemer McPhee; Ernest Constant Raskauskas, of Washington, D.C.,
on motion of Mr. Edward John Skeens, David Teschner, of Norris-
town, Pa., on motion of Mr. James D. Stokes, Jr.; Charles Buchanan
Smith, of New York, N.Y., on motion of Mr. George W. Porter and
Philip S. Day, of Washington, D.C., on motion of Mr. Walter A.
Slowinski, were admitted to practice.
ORAL ARGUMENT
No. 496. Estelle T. Griswold et al., appellants, v. Connecticut.
Argument continued by Mr. Joseph B. Clark for the appellee and
concluded by Mr. Thomas I. Emerson for the appellants.
No. 292. The Atlantic Refining Company, petitioner, v. Federal
Trade Commission; and
No. 296. The Goodyear Tire & Rubber Company, petitioner, v.
Federal Trade Commission. Argued by Mr. Frederic L. Ballard, Jr.,
and Mr. John F. Sonnett for the petitioners and by Mr. Daniel M.
Friedman for the respondent.
No. 486. W. Palmer Dixon et al., petitioners, v. United States.
Argument commenced by Mr. Bernard E. Brandes for the petitioners
and continued by Mr. Frank I. Goodman for the respondent.
Adjourned until tomorrow at 10 o'clock.
The day call for Wednesday, March 31, 1965, will be as follows:
Nos. 486, 628, 489, 294, and 503.
☑
750-278-65-60
4
1
رنا

WEDNESDAY, MARCH 31, 1965
241
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: Mr. Chief Justice Warren, Mr. Justice Black, Mr. Justice
Douglas, Mr. Justice Clark, Mr. Justice Harlan, Mr. Justice Brennan,
Mr. Justice Stewart, Mr. Justice White, and Mr. Justice Goldberg.
ADMISSIONS TO THE BAR
Bayard Harry Friedman, of Fort Worth, Tex., Fred Lane, of
Chicago, Ill., and Bernard Goldstein, of Milwaukee, Wis., on motion
of Mr. Solicitor General Archibald Cox; Edwin Lloyd Meeds, of
Everett Wash., on motion of Mr. Henry M. Jackson; Meyer M. Ueoka,
of Wailuku, Hawaii, on motion of Mr. Daniel K. Inouye; Paul Patrick
Boyle, of Sullivan, Ind., on motion of Mr. Vance Hartke; John Garber
Bookout, of Montgomery, Ala., Robert Winston Huddleston, of Mont-
gomery, Ala., and Charles G. Reynolds, of Alexander City, Ala., on
motion of Mr. Armistead Selden; Lucius E. Burch, Jr., of Memphis,
Tenn., on motion of Mr. George W. Grider; John Thomas Montag, of
Pittsburgh, Pa., on motion of Mr. Marx Leva; Samuel Saliterman, of
Minneapolis, Minn., on motion of Mr. Charles Tignor Duncan; Sam
L. Darden, of Bandera, Tex., on motion of Mr. Robert M. Perry;
Mitchell Brock, of New York, N.Y., Norris W. Darrell, of New York,
N.Y., Kendyl Kurth Monroe, of New York, N.Y., and Dickson M.
Saunders, of Tulsa, Okla., on motion of Mr. Norris Darrell; Hardy B.
Jackson, Jr., of Arab, Ala., on motion of Mr. S. Stuart Wilson;
Thomas J. Schwab, of Washington, D.C., on motion of Mr. Bernard
K. Shapiro; William Milne Holton, of Washington, D.C., on motion
of Mr. Thaddeus Good Holt, Jr.; Louis Lipschitz, of Philadelphia,
Pa., on motion of Mr. Stanford Shmukler; Albert B. Gins, of New
York, N.Y., on motion of Mr. Barney Joseph Karen; James L. Fox,
of Chicago, Ill., and Robert Cameron Williams, of Chicago, Ill., on
motion of Mr. Jack Y. Dinsmore; David Peter Simerman, of New
York, N.Y., on motion of Mr. Joel E. Hoffman; George E. Wright, of
Des Moines, Iowa, on motion of Mr. David Kammerman; and Philip
Shinberg, of Washington, D.C., on motion of Mr. Leon M. Shinberg,
were admitted to practice.
ORAL ARGUMENT
No. 486. W. Palmer Dixon et al., petitioners, v. United States.
Argument continued by Mr. Frank I. Goodman for the respondent
and concluded by Mr. Bernard E. Brandes for the petitioners.
750-278-65--61
+

WEDNESDAY, MARCH 31, 1965
242
No. 628. United States, petitioner, v. Midland-Ross Corporation.
Argued by Mr. Frank I. Goodman for the petitioner and by Mr.
Theodore R. Colborn for the respondent.
No. 489. United States, petitioner, v. Atlas Life Insurance Com-
pany. Argued by Mr. Solicitor General Cox for the petitioner, by Mr.
Norris Darrell for the respondent, and by Mr. Daniel B. Goldberg for
the Attorney General of Louisiana, et al., as amici curiae.
No. 294. One 1958 Plymouth Sedan, petitioner, v. Pennsylvania.
Argued by Mr. Stanford Shmukler for the petitioner and by Mr.
Thomas J. Shannon for the respondent.
Adjourned until tomorrow at 10 o'clock.
The day call for Thursday, April 1, 1965, will be as follows: Nos.
503, 256, and 761.
☑

h
THURSDAY, APRIL 1, 1965
243
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: Mr. Chief Justice Warren, Mr. Justice Black, Mr. Justice
Douglas, Mr. Justice Clark, Mr. Justice Harlan, Mr. Justice Brennan,
Mr. Justice Stewart, Mr. Justice White, and Mr. Justice Goldberg.
ADMISSION TO THE BAR
Harry K. Schwartz, of Philadelphia, Pa., on motion of Mr. Joseph
S. Clark; Carl I. Klekers, of Omaha, Nebr., on motion of Mr. Carl T.
Curtis; Grady F. Smith, of Chamblee, Ga., on motion of Mr. Charles
Longstreet Weltner; Ronald H. Bevins, of Anaheim, Calif., on motion
of Mr. Richard T. Hanna; Henry O. Lienhard, of San Leandro, Calif.,
on motion of Mr. Don Edwards; Thomas Alfred Shannon, of San
Diego, Calif., on motion of Mr. Richard N. Little; Ruth August Bard,
of Beverly Hills, Calif., on motion of Mr. William H. Allen; Karl S.
Hay, of Akron, Ohio, Malcolm M. Gaynor, of Wilmette, Ill., and Jere-
miah S. Jeremiah, Jr., of Cranston, R.I., on motion of Mr. John B.
Jones, Jr.; Ronald A. Jacks, of Washington, D.C., and Rolland R.
O'Hare, of Detroit, Mich., on motion of Mr. Lawrence Speiser; Alton
F. Curry, of Houston, Tex., and Howard Martin Fender, of Austin,
Tex., on motion of Mr. Leon Jaworski; H. Donald Busch, of Phila-
delphia, Pa., on motion of Mr. Harry Norman Ball; Lawrence Bilder,
of East Orange, N.J., on motion of Mr. Richard Bruce Bilder;
Edward Thayer Clary, of Washington, D.C., on motion of Mr.
Thomas Francis Quinn, Jr.; Thomas E. Kellett, of Los Angeles, Calif.,
on motion of Mr. John Whyte; Merrill Kerr Gee, of Pocatello, Idaho,
on motion of Mr. John A. Carver, Jr.; William D. Lynch, of San
Antonio, Tex., on motion of Mr. Donald M. Murtha; and George E.
Hamilton III, of Washington, D.C., and Stephen Asbury Trimble,
of Washington, D.C., on motion of Mr. Thomas A. Flannery, were
admitted to practice.
ORAL ARGUMENT
No. 503. Commissioner of Internal Revenue, petitioner, v. Estate
of Marshal L. Noel, Deceased, William H. Frantz and Ruth M. Noel,
| Executors. Argued by Mr. John B. Jones for the petitioner and by
Mr. Harry Norman Ball for the respondents.
No. 256. Billie Sol Estes, petitioner, v. Texas. Argued by Mr.
John D. Cofer and Mr. Hume Cofer for the petitioner and by Mr.
750-278-65--62

THURSDAY, APRIL 1, 1965
244
Waggoner Carr and Mr. Leon Jaworski for the respondent.
Memorandum to come.
No. 761. Melvin C. Jenkins, petitioner, v. United States. Argued
by Mr. H. Thomas Sisk for the petitioner and by Mr. Philip B.
Heymann for the respondent.
Adjourned until Monday, April 5, 1965, at 10 o'clock.
☑

1
MONDAY, APRIL 5, 1965
245
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: Mr. Chief Justice Warren, Mr. Justice Black, Mr. Justice
Clark, Mr. Justice Harlan, Mr. Justice Brennan, Mr. Justice Stewart,
Mr. Justice White, and Mr. Justice Goldberg.
ADMISSIONS TO THE BAR
Martin N. Whyman, of New York, N.Y., William F. Sondericker,
of New York, N.Y. Mervyn Hamburg, of Philadelphia, Pa., and
Edmund J. Dunning, of Oakland, Calif., on motion of Mr. Solicitor
General Archibald Cox; Charles Arthur Jens, of Salem, Oreg., on
motion of Mr. Wayne Lyman Morse; James E. Canaris, of Cleveland,
Ohio, on motion of Mr. Charles A. Vanik; Richard H. Goetz, of
Tucson, Ariz., on motion of Mr. Morris K. Udall; Lloyd G. Hendry,
of Fort Myers, Fla., Robert Tinsley Shafer, Jr., of Fort Myers, Fla.,
Frank A. Pavese, of Fort Myers, Fla., and Douglas L. Waldorf, of
Fort Myers, Fla., on motion of Mr. Paul G. Rogers; Robert Temple
Keeler, of Cincinnati, Ohio, on motion of Mr. Robert Taft, Jr.; Ryan
Mark Polstra, of Sacramento, Calif., on motion of Mr. Roy Dale Ad-
cock; C. Peter R. Gossels, of Wayland, Mass., on motion of Mr. J.
William Doolittle, Jr.; John Quincy Brown, Jr., of Sacramento,
Calif., and Robert G. Gyger, of Los Angeles, Calif., on motion of Mr.
Richard N. Little; Joseph Allen Cook, of Washington, D.C., on mo-
tion of Mr. Forrest Johnston Prettyman; S. John Insalata, of Chicago,
Ill., on motion of Mr. Thomas P. Kerester; Pauline R. Moore, of
Washington, D.C., on motion of Mr. Richard Edward Streeter;
Irving Achtenberg, of Kansas City, Mo., on motion of Mr. Bernard
Fensterwald; Phillip Dean Bostwick, of Washington, D.C., on mo-
tion of Mr. Murdaugh Stuart Madden; Francis Joseph Steiner, Jr.,
of Nashville, Tenn., on motion of Mr. William H. Allen; Eugene B.
Shapiro, of Beverly Hills, Calif., on motion of Mr. Robert C. Garber;
William Taylor Sutphin, of Princeton, N.J., on motion of Mr. John R.
Benney; Paul H. Buchanan, Jr., of Indianapolis, Ind., on motion
of Mr. Robert Thomas Ainslie Molloy; Cloyd Lee Arney, of Nash-
ville, Tenn., on motion of Mr. Richard L. Mitchell; Walter D. Ames,
of Chappaqua, N.Y., on motion of Mr. Thomas J. Greer, Jr.; Richard
Leon Bonello, of Monmouth Beach, N.J., and John J. Theiler, of
New Orleans, La., on motion of Mr. John Richard DeBarr; Arline
Rossi, of San Diego, Calif., Robert E. Woodward, of Sacramento,
Calif., Edwin D. Breland, of Decatur, Ala., Hugh M. Caldwell, of
750-278-65- 63

'
:
MONDAY, APRIL 5, 1965
246
Tucson, Ariz., Vincent D. Maggiore, of Tempe, Ariz., W. Homer
Drake, Jr., of Newnan, Ga., Charles H. McCraine, Jr., of Houston,
Miss., Raymond J. Pellman, of Cincinnati, Ohio, William E. Rut-
ledge, of Tulsa, Okla., Robert K. Rodibaugh, of South Bend, Ind.,
William B. Washabaugh, Jr., of Erie, Pa., and J. Edward Houston,
of Fort Lauderdale, Fla., on motion of Mr. Royal E. Jackson; and
Charles J. Weaver, of North Bergen, N.J., Scipio L. Africano, of
Union City, N.J., Joseph N. Falbo, of Union City, N.J., Robert S.
Feder, of Union City, N.J., Frank G. Hahn, of Union City, N.J.,
George P. Moser, Jr., of Union City, N.J., William V. Roveto, of
Union City, N.J., Bernard A. Schwarz, of Union City, N.J., Richard
Frank Simeone, of Union City, N.J., John C. Stritehoff, Jr., of Union
City, N.J., Louis L. Cronson, of West New York, N.J., D. Jas. Orlando,
of West New York, N.J., and Sydney Isadore Turtz, of West New
York, N.J., on motion of Mr. Dominick V. Daniels, were admitted
to practice.
OPINIONS
No. 437. Otto V. Burnett, petitioner, v. New York Central Rail-
road Company. On writ of certiorari to the United States Court of
Appeals for the Sixth Circuit. Judgment reversed and case remanded
to the United States District Court for the Southern District of Ohio
for further proceedings in conformity with the opinion of this Court.
Opinion by Mr. Justice Goldberg. Concurring opinion by Mr. Justice
Douglas with whom Mr. Justice Black joins.
No. 98. National Labor Relations Board, petitioner, v. Metropoli-
tan Life Insurance Company. On writ of certiorari to the United
States Court of Appeals for the First Circuit. Judgment vacated and
case remanded to the Court of Appeals with instructions to remand the
case to the National Labor Relations Board for further proceedings in
conformity with the opinion of this Court. Opinion by Mr. Justice
Goldberg. Dissenting opinion by Mr. Justice Douglas.
No. 313. Jesse Elliott Douglas, petitioner, v. Alabama. On writ
of certiorari to the Court of Appeals of Alabama. Judgment reversed
and case remanded to the Court of Appeals of Alabama for further
proceedings not inconsistent with the opinion of this Court. Opinion
by Mr. Justice Brennan. Concurring opinion by Mr. Justice Harlan.
Concurring opinion by Mr. Justice Stewart.
No. 577. Bob Granville Pointer, petitioner, v. Texas. On writ of
certiorari to the Court of Criminal Appeals of Texas. Judgment
reversed and case remanded to the Court of Criminal Appeals of Texas
for further proceedings not inconsistent with the opinion of this Court.
Opinion by Mr. Justice Black. Opinion by Mr. Justice Harlan con-
1
1

1
MONDAY, APRIL 5, 1965
247
curring in the result. Concurring opinion by Mr. Justice Stewart.
Concurring opinion by Mr. Justice Goldberg.
No. 62. Federal Trade Commission, petitioner, v. Colgate-Palm-
olive Company et al. On writ of certiorari to the United States Court
of Appeals for the First Circuit. Judgment reversed and case re-
manded to the Court of Appeals for the entry of a judgment enforcing
the order of the Federal Trade Commission. Opinion by Mr. Chief
Justice Warren. Opinion by Mr. Justice Harlan, with whom Mr.
Justice Stewart joins, dissenting in part.
No. 9. Ralph D. Abernathy et al., petitioners, v. Alabama. On writ
of certiorari to the Court of Appeals of Alabama. Judgment reversed
and case remanded to the Court of Appeals of Alabama for further
proceedings not inconsistent with the opinion of this Court. Opinion
per curiam announced by Mr. Chief Justice Warren. Mr. Justice
Black and Mr. Justice White took no part in the consideration or
decision of this case.
No. 21. Chicago and North Western Railway Company, appellant,
v. Chicago, Milwaukee, St. Paul & Pacific Railroad Company, et al.
Appeal from the United States District Court for the Eastern Dis-
trict of Wisconsin. Judgment reversed and case remanded to the
United States District Court for the Eastern District of Wisconsin
for further proceedings in conformity with the opinion of this Court.
Opinion per curiam announced by Mr. Chief Justice Warren.
No. 761. Melvin C. Jenkins, petitioner, v. United States. On writ
of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the District of
Columbia Circuit. Judgment reversed and case remanded to the
United States District Court for the District of Columbia for a new
trial. Opinion per curiam announced by Mr. Chief Justice Warren.
Mr. Justice Clark and Mr. Justice Harlan dissent.
No. 148. Lester G. McKinnie et al., petitioners, v. Tennessee. On
writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Tennessee, Middle Division.
Judgment reversed and case remanded to the Supreme Court of Ten-
nessee, Middle Division, for further proceedings not inconsistent with
the opinion of this Court. Opinion per curiam announced by Mr. Chief
Justice Warren. Mr. Justice Stewart would vacate the judgment and
remand the case to the Supreme Court of Tennessee for reconsidera-
tion in light of supervening federal legislation, in accordance with the
views expressed in his dissenting opinion in Hamm v. City of Rock
Hill, 379 U.S. 306, 326. Mr. Justice Black, Mr. Justice Harlan, and
Mr. Justice White would affirm the judgment of the Supreme Court
of Tennessee for the reasons stated in their dissenting opinion in
Hamm v. City of Rock Hill, 379 U.S. 306.

MONDAY, APRIL 5, 1965
The Chief Justice said:
248
"The Court announces that commencing the week of Monday, April
26, 1965, it will no longer adhere to the practice of reporting its deci-
sions only at Monday sessions, and that in the future they will be re-
ported as they become ready for decision at any session of the Court.
As in the past, no announcement of decisions to be reported will be
made prior to their rendition in open Court.
The Chief Justice said:
"The other orders of the Court have been certified by the Chief Jus-
tice and filed with the Clerk and will not be announced orally."
OPINION PER CURIAM
No. 856. U.S.A.C. Transport, Inc., appellant, v. United States et al.
Appeal from the United States District Court for the District of
Delaware. The motion to affirm is granted and the judgment is
affirmed. Opinion per curiam.
-
ORDERS IN PENDING CASES
No. In the Matter of Greenberry Simmons. Greenberry Sim-
mons, Esquire, of Louisville, Kentucky, having resigned as a member
of the Bar of this Court, it is ordered that his name be stricken from
the roll of attorneys admitted to practice in this Court.
No. 202. Eddie Dean Griffin, petitioner, v. California. The mo-
tion of the petitioner to file a supplemental brief, after argument, is
granted. The Chief Justice took no part in the consideration or deci-
sion of this motion.
APPEAL JURISDICTION NOTED.
No. 858. Edward Mishkin, appellant, v. New York. Appeal from
the Court of Appeals of New York. In this case probable jurisdic-
tion is noted. Case placed on the summary calendar and set for oral
argument immediately following No. 807.
CERTIORARI GRANTED
No. 807. Ralph Ginzburg et al., petitioners, v. United States. The
motion of Lillian Maxine Serett for leave to file a brief, as amicus
curiae, is granted. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Unted States
Court of Appeals for the Third Circuit granted and case placed on
the summary calendar.
#

MONDAY, APRIL 5, 1965
249
No. 919. Hazeltine Research, Inc., et al., petitioners, v. David L.
Ladd, Commissioner of Patents. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
United States Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia Circuit
granted and case placed on the summary calendar.
CERTIORARI DENIED
No. 829. George Neff Rowe, petitioner, v. United States. Petition
for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Claims denied.
No. 859. William D. Frazell et ux., petitioners, v. United States.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 872. Earline Allen, Individually and as Administratrix of the
Estate of Jessie Delton Allen, Deceased, petitioner, v. United States.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the Ninth Circuit denied.
No. 873. China Liquor Distributing Co., et al., petitioners, v.
United States. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Court of Customs and Patent Appeals denied.
No. 894. Robert Hartgraves, petitioner, v. Illinois. Petition for
writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Illinois denied.
No. 900. Keller & Goetz, Inc., petitioner, v. United States. Peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for
the Second Circuit denied.
Peti-
No. 903. Ross Biggers et al., petitioners, v. City of Houston.
tion for writ of certiorari to the Court of Civil Appeals of Texas, First
Supreme Judicial District, denied.
No. 905. United States, petitioner, v. National Presto Industries,
Inc. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of
Claims denied.
No. 907. Abraham Dobkin, petitioner, v. District of Columbia.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the District of Columbia Circuit denied.
No. 908. Joseph A. Gargano, petitioner, v. United States. Petition
for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the
Sixth Circuit denied.
No. 911. Hylas N. Hastings, petitioner, v. Carl D. Mann, t/a
Mann's Harbor Marina. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United
States Court of Appeals for the Fourth Circuit denied.
No. 912. Olympic Finance Co., petitioner, v. Thomas R. Thyret,
Trustee in Bankruptcy for Azure Hills Club, Inc., Bankrupt. Peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for
the Ninth Circuit denied.
141
'
1

MONDAY, APRIL 5, 1965
250
No. 913. Anthony Roma, Individually, etc., et al., petitioners, v.
Municipal Civil Service Commission, City of New York, et al. Peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals of New York denied.
No. 915. Ruth Louise Scovile, petitioner, v. Richard Watson et al.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the Seventh Circuit denied.
No. 916. Lucian J. Rossi, petitioner, v. Peter L. Malkin et al., etc.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals of New York
denied.
No. 917. Paul Pauling, by Arthur Pauling, his brother and next
friend, petitioner, v. Gabriel Misevic, Superintendent, Kankakee State
Hospital. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of
Illinois denied.
No. 920. Gennaro J. Angiulo, petitioner, v. Patrick J. Mullins,
Special Agent, Internal Revenue Service. Petition for writ of cer-
tiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the First Circuit
denied.
No. 928. D. Gordon Rupe and Sylvan Lang, etc., et al., petitioners,
v. Helen G. Wallace et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Ap-
pellate Court of Illinois, First District, denied.
No. 931. State Corporation Commission of Kansas et al., peti-
tioners, v. Bartlett and Company, Grain. Petition for writ of cer-
tiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the Tenth Circuit
denied.
No. 936. James F. Bird et al., petitioners, v. Estelle S. McCord
et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of
Appeals for the District of Columbia Circuit denied.
No. 944. F. & W. Corporation, petitioner, v. Charles M. Lokey,
Trustee in Bankruptcy for Capitol Tobacco Company. Petition for
writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the Fifth
Circuit denied.
No. 945. States Steamship Company, petitioner, v. American
Smelting & Refining Company. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
United States Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit denied.
No. 1030. Covey Oil Company et al., petitioners, v. Continental
Oil Company et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United
States Court of Appeals for the Tenth Circuit denied.
No. 910. Burton Mercantile and Gin Company, Inc., petitioner, v.
W. Willard Wirtz, Secretary of Labor. Petition for writ of certiorari
to the United States Court of Appeals for the Eighth Circuit denied.
Mr. Justice Goldberg took no part in the consideration or decision of
this petition.
1

MONDAY, APRIL 5, 1965
251
No. 921. Curtis B. Dall, petitioner, v. Drew Pearson et al. Peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for
the District of Columbia Circuit denied. Mr. Justice Goldberg took
no part in the consideration or decision of this petition.
No. 99, Misc. J. P. Chastain et al., petitioners, v. Vulcan Material
Company et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court
of Tennessee, Eastern Division, denied.
No. 523, Misc. Donald E. Lowder, petitioner, v. Iowa. Petition
for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Iowa denied.
No. 572, Misc. Robert C. Rhoads, petitioner, v. Ross V. Randolph,
Warden. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of Ran-
dolph County, Illinois, denied.
No. 573, Misc. Floyd W. Sitton, petitioner, v. Eunice M. Sitton.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of California
denied.
No. 589, Misc. Howard Dee Hassell, petitioner, v. United States.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the Sixth Circuit denied.
No. 632, Misc. Arthur J. Watson, petitioner, v. Colorado. Peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Colorado denied.
No. 825, Misc. Earl Guy, petitioner, v. Ralph H. Tahash et al.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the Eighth Circuit denied.
No. 861, Misc. Richard C. Brown, petitioner, v. Superior Court
of the County of Los Angeles. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
Supreme Court of California denied.
No. 874, Misc. Louis Jackson, petitioner, v. Frank J. Pate,
Warden. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court
of Appeals for the Seventh Circuit denied.
No. 876, Misc. Joseph Samuel Griffin, Jr., petitioner, v. Iowa.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Iowa denied.
No. 882, Misc. Alfred Glen Symons, petitioner, v. California.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the District Court of Appeal of Cali-
fornia, Second Appellate District, denied.
No. 883, Misc. Walter Clyde Davis, Jr., petitioner, v. Maryland.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals of Maryland
denied.
No. 886, Misc. Richard M. James, petitioner, v. S. A. Anderson,
Superintendent, District of Columbia Jail, et al. Petition for writ
of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the District of
Columbia Circuit denied.

MONDAY, APRIL 5, 1965
252
No. 888, Misc. Joseph Nastasio, etc., petitioner, v. Illinois. Peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for
the Seventh Circuit denied.
No. 893, Misc. James Edward Graves, petitioner, v. Texas. Peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the Court of Criminal Appeals of Texas
denied.
No. 895, Misc. James Jedby, petitioner, v. Col. James D. Carter,
etc. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Missouri
denied.
No. 896, Misc. Horace Lee Yarbrough, petitioner, v. Illinois.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Illinois denied.
No. 909, Misc. Sidney J. Stamper, petitioner, v. Dr. Edward F.
Schubert, Superintendent, Central State Hospital. Petition for writ
of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the Seventh
Circuit denied.
LEAVE TO FILE PETITIONS FOR WRITS OF HABEAUS CORPUS DENIED
No. 939, Misc. Delmar E. Lee, petitioner, v. Ross V. Randolph,
Warden. Motion for leave to file petition for writ of habeas corpus
denied.
No. 953, Misc. Joseph J. Welsh, petitioner, v. George A. Kropp,
Warden. Motion for leave to file petition for writ of habeas corpus
denied. Treating the papers submitted as a petition for writ of
certiorari, certiorari is denied.
REHEARINGS DENIED
No. 553. George H. Winkle, appellant, v. William H. Bannan,
Warden;
No. 743. George Levine, petitioner, v. United States;
No. 759, Misc. Alfredo Ray Bryan, Jr., petitioner, v. United
States; and
No. 823, Misc. Charles Minchella, petitioner, v. Honorable Theo-
dore Levin, etc. Petitions for rehearing denied.
Adjourned until Monday, April 26, 1965, at 10 o'clock.
The day call for Monday, April 26, 1965, will be as follows: Nos.
491, 848, 245, and 482.
☑

253
MONDAY, APRIL 26, 1965
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: Mr. Chief Justice Warren, Mr. Justice Black, Mr. Justice
Douglas, Mr. Justice Clark, Mr. Justice Harlan, Mr. Justice Bren-
nan, Mr. Justice Stewart, Mr. Justice White, and Mr. Justice Goldberg.
ADMISSIONS TO THE BAR
Barber B. Conable, Jr., of Alexander, N.Y., Samuel A. Chaitovitz,
of Kensington, Md., V. Frank Cline, of Middletown, N.Y., William
K. Condrell, of Bethesda, Md., Paul F. Eaton, of Walton, N.Y.,
Pierre Lee Stewart, of Winter Park, Fla., George Kaye, of Chicago,
Ill., Frank Joseph Schumacher, Jr., of Chicago, Ill., James H. Jeffries
III, of Lexington, Ky., Bernard E. Bradley, Jr., of Watertown, Mass.,
J. Shane Creamer, of Philadelphia, Pa., Leonard Clifton Staisey, of
Duquesne, Pa., Paul A. Village, of Duquesne, Pa., and Ronald J.
Chisholm, of Boston, Mass., on motion of Mr. Solicitor General Archi-
bald Cox; William Clarence Thornton, of Reno, Nev., on motion of
Mr. Howard W. Cannon; John Joseph McFadden, of Kansas City,
Mo., on motion of Mr. Edward V. Long; William D. Hathaway, of
Auburn, Maine, Fred F. Wolf, of Washington, D.C., and Donald T.
Brackett, of Wiscasset, Maine, on motion of Mr. Stanley R. Tupper;
Jerome L. Jager, of Seattle, Wash., on motion of Mr. Thomas Stephen
Foley; James Tharp Flynt, of Mineola, Tex., on motion of Mr. Lind-
ley G. Beckworth; Donald E. Prevallet, of Blytheville, Ark., and
Richard A. Reid, of Blytheville, Ark., on motion of Mr. E. C. Gath-
ings; David J. Pree, of Anchorage, Alaska, on motion of Mr. Ralph
J. Rivers; Thomas L. Mui, of Honolulu, Hawaii, and David S. Nahm,
of Bethesda, Md., on motion of Mr. Spark M. Matsunaga; Howard W.
Harper, of Junction City, Kans., on motion of Mr. Garner E. Shriver;
Robert L. Loesch, of Detroit, Mich., on motion of Mr. John D. Dingel;
Jeffrey L. Nagin, of Beverly Hills, Calif., and Allen E. Susman, of
Beverly Hills, Calif., on motion of Mr. Frank Ira Goodman; Paul S.
Berger, of Washington, D.C., on motion of Mr. Thurman Arnold;
James H. Pilkinton, Sr., of Hope, Ark., on motion of Mr. Floyd Lee
Williams; Burton T. Gans, of Perth Amboy, N.J., and Francis J.
Lutz, of Perth Amboy, N.J., on motion of Mr. Glenn A. Mitchell;
Norman Lewis Paul, of San Antonio, Tex., Charles Edward French,
of Belton, Mo., Milford H. Knutson, of Portland, Oreg., Richard
Underwood Lea, of Orange Tex., Paul Kibler Lewis, Jr., of Poca-
hontas, Ark., and Richard None Joseph Cleary, of Boston, Mass., on
motion of Mr. David Leib; William F. McAleer, of Washington, D.C.,
750-278-65- -64

MONDAY, APRIL 26, 1965
254
on motion of Mr. James H. Shelton; Dean Gardner Ostrum, of Cleve-
land, Ohio, and William C. Pryor, of Washington, D.C., on motion
of Mr. Samuel D. McIlwain; H. Stewart Dunn, Jr., of Washington,
D.C., and Thomas A. Frazier, Jr., of Washington, D.C., on motion of
Mr. Joseph E. McAndrews; Louis Fox, of Boston, Mass., on motion of
Mr. William H. Collins; John E. Terzis, of New York, N.Y., on mo-
tion of Mr. Thomas G. Carney; Lee G. Williams, of Austin, Tex., on
motion of Mr. J. Fielding Jones; Barry Sidman, of Washington, D.C.,
on motion of Mr. Martin S. Thaler; Presley E. Werlein, Jr., of Hous-
ton, Tex., on motion of Mr. G. Kibby Munson; George Basye, of
Sacramento, Calif., on motion of Mr. Timothy V. A. Dillon; Lonnie
C. McGuire, Jr., of Dallas, Tex., on motion of Mr. Warren Woods;
Phillip Steve Dandos, of Sioux City, Iowa, on motion of Mr. Bernard
Gordon; Richard E. Wray III, of Brooklyn, N.Y., on motion of Mr.
John Richard DeBarr; Robert Maurice Phipps, of Lewiston, N.Y.,
on motion of Mr. Theodore J. Criares; William Randolph Klein, of
Brookline, Mass., on motion of Mr. William E. Neely; William J.
Sullivan, of North Providence, R.I., on motion of Mr. Gordon F.
Harrison; John G. Gent, of Erie, Pa., on motion of Mr. Gilbert Hahn,
Jr.; Jack Berman, of New York, N.Y., on motion of Mr. Ernest Allen
Cohen; Marvin Moses Karpatkin, of New York, N.Y., and Rhoda
Hendrick Karpatkin, of New York, N.Y., on motion of Mr. Harry N.
Rosenfield; G. Weldon Johnson, of Indianapolis, Ind., on motion of
Mr. Larry A. Conrad; Richard H. Zahm, Jr., of Los Angeles, Calif.,
on motion of Mr. Francis J. Robinson; Clinton W. Chapman, of Wash-
ington, D.C., Erich Reisch, of New York, N.Y., Eugene A. Tomei, of
Brooklyn, N.Y., Donald P. McCullum, of Oakland, Calif., and Richard
A. Bancroft, of San Francisco, Calif., on motion of Mr. Belford V.
Lawson, Jr.; James F. Birmingham, of Rockville Centre, N.Y., and
Cornelius J. Coughlan, of New York, N.Y., on motion of Mr. George
E. McMurray, Jr.; William H. Armbrecht, of Mobile, Ala., on motion
of Mr. John W. McConnell, Jr.; Joseph Goldberg, of New York, N.Y.,
Sol A. Dann, of Detroit, Mich., and Marshall Warren Krause, of San
Francisco, Calif., on motion of Mr. Lawrence Speiser; Richard Louis
Unis, of Portland, Oreg., on motion of Mr. Charles Sylvanus Rhyne;
Louise Carp Gelber, of El Monte, Calif., Milton Gelber, of El Monte,
Calif., Andrew Castellano, of Orange, Calif., Marlin W. Haley, of
Hayward, Calif., Robert Oscar Wilhelm, of Woodside, Calif., Dennis
L. Woodman, of Redwood City, Calif., and Leslie Mann, Jr., of Po-
mona, Calif., on motion of Mr. Richard N. Little; Ivan J. Potts, of
Washington, D.C., on motion of Mr. Dominick Manoli; Henry A.
Babcock, of Hyattsville, Md., and Irving B. Ribstein, of Chicago, Ill.,
on motion of Mr. Charles Aubrey Dukes, Jr.; and Simon Liberman, of
New Rochelle, N.Y., on motion of Mr. Max O. Truitt, Jr., were ad-
mitted to practice.

MONDAY, APRIL 26, 1965
OPINIONS
255
No. 52. James A. Dombrowski et al., appellants, v. James H.
Pfister, etc., et al. Appeal from the United States District Court for
the Eastern District of Louisiana. Judgment reversed and case re-
manded to the United States District Court for the Eastern District of
Louisiana for further proceedings in conformity with the opinion of
this Court. Opinion by Mr. Justice Brennan. Dissenting opinion
by Mr. Justice Harlan with whom Mr. Justice Clark joins. Mr. Jus-
time Black took no part in the consideration or decision of this case.
Mr. Justice Stewart took no part in the decision of this case.
No. 19. The American Oil Company, appellant, v. P. G. Neill et al.
Appeal from the Supreme Court of Idaho. Judgment reversed and
case remanded to the Supreme Court of Idaho for further proceedings
not inconsistent with the opinion of this Court. Opinion by Mr. Chief
Justice Warren. Mr. Justice Black dissents.
No. 171. Eddie V. Hanna, petitioner, v. Edward M. Plumer, Jr.,
Executor. On writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Ap-
peals for the First Circuit. Judgment reversed and case remanded to
the United States District Court for the District of Massachusetts for
further proceedings in conformity with the opinion of this court.
Opinion by Mr. Chief Justice Warren. Mr. Justice Black concurs
in the result. Concurring opinion by Mr. Justice Harlan.
No. 44. American Committee for Protection of Foreign Born, peti-
tioner, v. Subversive Activities Control Board. On writ of certiorari
to the United States Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia
Circuit. Judgment vacated and case remanded to the United States
Court of Appeals
for further proceedings
in conformity with the opinion of this Court. Opinion per curiam an-
nounced by Mr. Chief Justice Warren. Dissenting opinion by Mr.
Justice Douglas with whom Mr. Justice Black and Mr. Justice Harlan
join. Dissenting opinion by Mr. Justice Black in this case and in
No. 65, infra. Mr. Justice White took no part in the decision of this
case.
No. 65. Veterans of the Abraham Lincoln Brigade, petitioner, v.
Subversive Activities Control Board. On writ of certiorari to the
United States Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia Circuit.
Judgment vacated and case romanded to the United States District.
Court of Appeals
for further proceedings in con-
formity with the opinion of this Court. Opinion per curiam an-
nounced by Mr. Chief Justice Warren. Dissenting opinion by Mr.
Justice Douglas with whom Mr. Justice Black and Mr. Justice Harlan
join. Dissenting opinion by Mr. Justice Black in this case and in No.
44, supra. Mr. Justice White took no part in the decision of this case.
'

MONDAY, APRIL 26, 1965
The Chief Justice said:
256
"The other orders of the Court have been certified by the Chief
Justice and filed with the Clerk and will not be announced orally."
OPINIONS PER CURIAM
No. 56. Metropolitan Life Insurance Company, petitioner v. Na-
tional Labor Relations Board. On petition for writ of certiorari to
the United States Court of Appeals for the Third Circuit. Petition
for writ of certiorari granted, judgment vacated, and case remanded
to the Court of Appeals with instructions to remand to the National
Labor Relations Board for further proceedings consistent with the
opinion of this Court in Labor Board v. Metropolitan Ins. Co., 380 U.S.
438. The judgment shall issue forthwith. Opinion per curiam.
No. 58. Herbert E. Callender et al., petitioners, v. Florida. On
petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Florida. Peti-
tion for writ of certiorari granted, judgments reversed, and case re-
manded to the Supreme Court of Florida for further proceedings not
inconsistent with the opinion of this Court. Opinion per curiam.
No. 91. The Western and Southern Life Insurance Company, peti-
tioner, v. National Labor Relations Board. On petition for writ of
certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the Third Circuit.
Petition for writ of certiorari granted, judgment vacated, and case
remanded to the Court of Appeals with instructions to remand to the
National Labor Relations Board for further proceedings consistent
with the opinion of this Court in Labor Board v. Metropolitan Ins. Co.,
380 U.S. 438. The judgment shall issue forthwith. Opinion per
curiam.
No. 181. Henry J. Thomas et al., petitioners, v. Mississippi. On
petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Mississippi.
Petition for writ of certiorari granted, judgments reversed, and case
remanded to the Supreme Court of Mississippi for further proceedings
not inconsistent with the opinion of this Court. Opinion per curiam.
Mr. Justice White took no part in the consideration or decision of
this case.
No. 229. Metropolitan Life Insurance Company, petitioner, v. Na-
tional Relations Board. On petition for writ of certiorari to the
United States Court of Appeals for the Sixth Circuit. Petition for
writ of certiorari granted, judgment vacated, and case remanded to
the Court of Appeals with instructions to remand to the National
Labor Relations Board for further proceedings consistent with the
opinion of this Court in Labor Board v. Metropolitan Ins. Co., 380 U.S.
438. The judgment shall issue forthwith. Opinion per curiam.
No. 838. Carolina & Northwestern Railway Company et al., appel-
lants, v. United States et al. Appeal from the United States District
"

MONDAY, APRIL 26, 1965
257
Court for the Western District of North Carolina. The motions to
affirm are granted and the judgment is affirmed. Opinion per curiam.
No. 901. Joey Gold et al., appellants, v. Joseph C. DiCarlo, as Com-
missioner of Licenses of the City of New York, et al. Appeal from the
United States District Court for the Southern District of New York.
The motions to affirm are granted and the judgment is affirmed.
Opinion per curiam.
No. 904. Cumberland Farms Northern, Inc., appellant, v. Maine
Milk Commission. Appeal from the Supreme Judicial Court of
Maine. The motion to dismiss is granted and the appeal is dismissed
for want of a substantial federal question. Opinion per curiam.
No. 934. Robert Corpora, appellant, v. New York. Appeal from
the Court of Appeals of New York. The motion to dismiss is granted
and the appeal is dismissed for want of a substantial federal question.
Opinion per curiam.
No. 194, Misc. Jimmy Lee Brown, appellant, v. California. Ap-
peal from the Supreme Court of California. The motion to dismiss is
granted and the appeal is dismissed for want of jurisdiction. Treat-
ing the papers whereon the appeal was taken as a petition for writ of
certiorari, certiorari is denied. Opinion per curiam.
No. 260, Misc. Willie B. Murray, petitioner, v. United States.
On petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Ap-
peals for the Tenth Circuit. Motion for leave to proceed in forma
pauperis and petition for writ of certiorari granted. Judgment va-
cated and case remanded to the Court of Appeals for further proceed-
ings in conformity with the opinion of this Court. Opinion per
curiam.
ORDERS IN PENDING CASES
No. 13, Original. State of Texas, plaintiff, v. State of New Jersey
et al. On complaint. Decree entered.
No. 17, Original. State of Nebraska, plaintiff, v. State of Iowa.
IT IS ORDERED that the Honorable Walter L. Pope, Senior Judge
of the United States Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit, be, and
he is hereby appointed Special Master in this case in the place of the
Honorable J. Warren Madden, Resigned. The Special Master shall
have authority to fix the time and conditions for the filing of additional
pleadings and to direct subsequent proceedings, and authority to
summon witnesses, issue subpoenas, and take such evidence as they
may be introduced and such as he may deem it necessary to call for.
The Master is directed to submit such reports as he may deem appro-
priate.
The Master shall be allowed his actual expenses. The allowances
to him, the compensation paid to his technical, stenographic, and
750-278-65-65

MONDAY, APRIL 26, 1965.
258
clerical assistants, the cost of printing his report, and all other proper
expenses shall be charged against and be borne by the parties in
such proportion as the Court hereafter may direct.
IT IS FURTHER ORDERED that if the position of Special Master in this
case becomes vacant during a recess of the Court, the Chief Justice
shall have authority to make a new designation which shall have the
same effect as if originally made by the Court herein.
No. 18, Original. State of Illinois, plaintiff, v. State of Missouri.
The motion for leave to file the bill of complaint is granted and the
State of Missouri is allowed sixty days to answer.
No. 644. The United Gas Improvement Company, petitioner, v.
Continental Oil Company et al.; and
No. 693. Federal Power Commission, petitioner, v. M. H. Marr
et al. The motion of The Southern California Gas Company, et al.,
for leave to file a brief, as amici curiae, is granted.
for
No. 693. Federal Power Commission, petitioner, v. M. H. Marr
et al. The motion of the People of the State of California, et al.,
leave to file a brief, as amici curiae, is granted.
No. 1023. United States, appellant, v. Herbert Guest et al. The
motion of appellee, Lackey, for the appointment of counsel is granted
and Charles J. Bloch, Esquire, of Macon, Georgia, a member of the
Bar of this Court, is appointed to serve as counsel for the appellee,
Lackey, in this case.
APPEALS JURISDICTION POSTPONED
No. 948. United States, appellant, v. Cecil Ray Price et al.; and
No. 949. United States, appellant, v. Cecil Ray Price et al. Ap-
peals from the United States District Court for the Southern District
of Mississippi. Further consideration of the question of jurisdiction
is postponed to the hearing of these cases on the merits. The motion
to consolidate is granted and a total of two hours allotted for oral
argument.
CERTIORARI GRANTED
No. 932. Edward J. Brenner, Commissioner of Patents, petitioner,
v. Andrew John Manson. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United
States Court of Customs and Patent Appeals granted.
No. 959. E. S. Evans et al., petitioners, v. Charles E. Newton et al.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Georgia
granted.
No. 742. Louis Katchen, petitioner, v. Hyman D. Landy, Trustee
in Bankruptcy, etc. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United
States Court of Appeals for the Tenth Circuit granted and case placed
on the summary calendar.

MONDAY, APRIL 26, 1965
CERTIORARI DENIED
259
No. 397. Cyril T. Faneca, Jr., petitioner, v. United States et al.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 726. Anthony Marderosian, petitioner, v. United States. Pe-
tition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for
the First Circuit denied.
No. 801. Edward Ward et al., petitioners, v. Louisiana. Petition
for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Louisiana denied.
No. 847. Brotherhood of Railroad Trainmen et al., petitioners, v.
The Denver and Rio Grande Western Railroad Company; and
No. 993. The Denver and Rio Grande Western Railroad Company,
petitioner, v. Brotherhood of Railroad Trainmen et al. Petitions for
writs of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the Tenth
Circuit denied.
No. 869. In the Matter of the Application of Homer G. Thomson,
petitioner. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court
of Customs and Patent Appeals denied.
No. 870. Mary E. Seebach, petitioner, v. Joseph M. Cullen, District
Director of Internal Revenue, et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to
the United States Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit denied.
No. 879. Mamie Bishop et al., petitioners, v. Ohio. Petition for
writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Ohio denied.
No. 882. Joseph B. White et al., petitioners, v. Stephen O'Hearne,
Deputy Commissioner, Bureau of Employees' Compensation, Fourth
Compensation District, et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
United States Court of Appeals for the Fourth Circuit denied.
No. 886. The Boeing Company, petitioner, v. United States. Peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Claims denied.
No. 893. Arthur Hoffman, petitioner, v. Chrysler Corporation et
al.; and
No. 954. Erwin H. Ezzes, petitioner, v. Sol A. Dann et al. Peti-
tions for writs of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Delaware denied.
No. 929. Gulfport Shipbuilding Corporation et al., petitioners, v.
Maxime Vallot et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United
States Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 930. Paulyne B. McCall, etc., petitioner, v. United States. Pe-
tition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for
the Ninth Circuit denied.
No. 937. Arthur Bennett, petitioner, v. Co-ordinating Committee
of Discipline. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals
of New York denied.
1

MONDAY, APRIL 26, 1965,
260
No. 939. Carlos M. Aulet, petitioner, v. United States. Petition
for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the
Seventh Circuit denied.
No. 940. Local 780, International Alliance of Theatrical Stage Em-
ployees, etc., et al., petitioners, v. Radio Corporation of America. Pe-
tition for writ of certiorari to the District Court of Appeal of
Florida, Second Appellate District, denied.
No. 942. Gilvin-Terrill, Inc., petitioner, v. National Labor Rela-
tions Board. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 943. Leroy Cooks et al., petitioners, v. Brotherhood of Railway
Carmen of America, Local No. 991 and Local No. 783, et al. Petition
for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the
Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 947. William Sams et al., petitioners, v. United States. Peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for
the Third Circuit denied.
No. 952. John P. Spomar, petitioner, v. United States. Petition
for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the
Seventh Circuit denied.
No. 953. Earl Hunter, petitioner, v. United States. Petition for
writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the Ninth
Circuit denied.
No. 955. Henry J. Larkin d/b/a Larkin Company, petitioner, v.
United Association of Journeymen and Apprentices of the Plumbing
and Pipefitting Industry of United States and Canada, AFL-CIO,
Local 53, etc., et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Court of Appeals for the First Circuit denied.
No. 956. United Packinghouse, Food and Allied Workers, AFL-
CIO, petitioner, v. Wilson & Co., Inc. Petition for writ of certiorari
to the United States Court of Appeals for the Seventh Circuit denied.
No. 960. Pennco Engineering Company, petitioner, v. Allied Chem-
ical Corporation. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Court of Appeals for the Fourth Circuit denied.
No. 961. Calvin Kovens et al., petitioners, v. United States. Peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for
the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 962. Edward J. Donovan, petitioner, v. United States. Peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for
the Seventh Circuit denied.
No. 963. International Brotherhood of Pulp, Sulphite and Paper
Mill Workers, AFL-CIO, et al., petitioners, v. Solo Cup Company.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals of Maryland
denied.

MONDAY, APRIL 26, 1965
261
No. 964. Welfare Finance Corporation et al., petitioners, v. Tanen-
baum Textile Co., Inc. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme
Court of Ohio denied.
No. 965. John T. Clark and Son, petitioner, v. The Cunard Steam-
Ship Company Limited, et al.; and
No. 970. David Crystal, Inc., petitioner, v. The Cunard Steam-
Ship Company, Limited, et al. Petitions for writs of certiorari to the
United States Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit denied.
No. 966. Everett S. Hamman et ux., petitioners, v. United States.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the Ninth Circuit denied.
No. 969. Edith R. Reynolds, petitioner, v. United States. Petition
for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the
Second Circuit denied.
No. 973. Allan W. Bath, petitioner, v. Massachusetts. Petition for
writ of certiorari to the Supreme Judicial Court of Massachusetts
denied.
No. 974. James J. D'Elia, Jr., petitioner, v. New York, New Haven
& Hartford Railroad, et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
United States Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit denied.
No. 976. Joseph Scaduto, petitioner, v. Anthony J. Orlando, d/b/a
A. J. Orlando Contracting Co. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
United States Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit denied.
No. 977. Mary Bendelari, petitioner, v. United States. Petition
for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Claims denied.
No. 980. Robert Hall Lewis, Jr., petitioner, v. United States. Pe-
tition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for
the Sixth Circuit denied.
No. 985. Walter Ely et al., petitioners, v. The Official Creditors'
Committee of Fox Markets, Inc. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
United States of Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit denied.
No. 990. Milton A. Galamison et al., petitioners, v. New York.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the Second Circuit denied.
No. 996. Gregory Comulada, petitioner, v. United States. Peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for
the Second Circuit denied.
No. 1020. Chryssoula Giannakouros, etc., et al., petitioners, v.
Oriental Tankers Corporation, S. A., etc. et al. Petition for writ of
certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the Fourth Circuit
denied.
750-278-65-66

MONDAY, APRIL 26, 1965
262
No. 891. Austin L. Wyman, Jr., Court-Appointed Counsel for
Richard Zuniga, petitioner, v. Illinois. Motion to dispense with print-
ing the petition for writ of certiorari granted. Petition for writ of
certiorari to the Supreme Court of Illinois denied.
No. 922. Peter T. Siopes, petitioner, v. United States. Motion to
dispense with printing petition for writ of certiorari granted. Peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Claims denied.
No. 941. Myles Stewart, Trustee of the Estate of Arthur Peabody
and Olive Peabody, petitioner, v. Phoenix Title & Trust Company.
Motion to dispense with printing petition for writ of certiorari
granted. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court
of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit denied.
No. 899. Murphy Oil Corporation, petitioner, v. United States.
Motions of Ashland Oil & Refining Company and Richard A. Freling
for leave to file briefs, as amicus curiae, are granted. Petition for writ
of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the Eighth
Circuit denied.
No. 914. Matt M. Kotula, d/b/a Albany Motor Sales, petitioner, v.
Ford Motor Company. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United
States Court of Appeals for the Eighth Circuit denied. Mr. Justice
Black is of the opinion that certiorari should be granted.
No. 975. Mary W. Coy, petitioner, v. United States. Motions to
dispense with printing the petition for writ of certiorari and peti-
tioner's reply brief granted. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
United States Court of Claims denied.
No. 979. Dyke Water Company et al., petitioners, v. Public Utili-
ties Commission of California et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to
the Supreme Court of California denied. Mr. Justice Black and Mr.
Justice Douglas are of the opinion that certiorari should be granted.
No. 35, Misc. Newberry Truman, petitioner, v. Otto C. Boles,
Warden. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of
Appeals of West Virginia denied.
No. 237, Misc. Wendell Odell Stephens, petitioner, v. Texas. Pe-
tition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Criminal Appeals of
Texas denied.
No. 240, Misc. Raymond Ralph Roberts, petitioner, v. United
States. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of
Appeals for the Eighth Circuit denied.
No. 278, Misc. Theodore Green, petitioner, v. United States. Pe-
tition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for
the First Circuit denied.
No. 320, Misc. Peter Macon, petitioner, v. Indiana. Petition for
writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Indiana denied.
"

MONDAY, APRIL 26, 1965
263
No. 359, Misc. Virgil Norton, James Chapman, and Virgil Wes-
ley, petitioners, v. James P. McShane et al. Petition for writ of cer-
tiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit
denied.
No. 375, Misc. Burton Junior Post, petitioner, v. Otto C. Boles,
Warden. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court
of Appeals for the Fourth Circuit denied.
No. 420, Misc. Sam Miller, petitioner, v. Dr. Joseph R. Blalock,
Superintendent, Southwestern State Hospital. Petition for writ of
certiorari to the Supreme Court of Appeals of Virginia denied.
No. 428, Misc. Henry Thomas, petitioner, v. New York. Petition
for writ of certiorari to the Appellate Division of Supreme Court of
New York, Third Judicial Department, denied.
No. 444, Misc. Richard Mora Gonzalez, petitioner, v. Texas.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Criminal Appeals of
Texas denied.
No. 514, Misc. John Joseph Boyle, petitioner, v. New York. Pe-
tition for writ of certiorari to the Appellate Division of Supreme
Court of New York, Second Judicial Department, denied.
No. 574, Misc. Clark B. Huber, Jr., petitioner, v. California. Pe-
tition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of California denied.
No. 575, Misc. Eugene McCormick, petitioner, v. California. Pe-
tition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of California denied.
No. 616, Misc. John F. McBride, petitioner, v. Edward M. Fay,
Warden. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals of
New York denied.
No. 650, Misc. Ernest "Duke" Arnold, petitioner, v. United
States. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of
Appeals for the Ninth Circuit denied.
No. 668. Misc. Albert Vanleeward, petitioner, v. Georgia. Peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Georgia denied.
No. 682, Misc. Voris P. Connor, petitioner, v. Sam A. Anderson,
et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of
Appeals for the District of Columbia Circuit denied.
No. 714, Misc. William E. Baker, alias Jake Gray, petitioner, v.
United States Board of Parole. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
United States Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 723, Misc. Chauncey W. Whitt, petitioner, v. Kermit A.
Weakley. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court
of Appeals for the Fourth Circuit denied.
No. 744, Misc. Clarence S. Cox, petitioner, v. Kansas. Petition
for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Kansas denied.

MONDAY, APRIL 26, 1965
264
No. 745, Misc. Jesse James Conklin, petitioner, v. J. E. La Vallee,
Warden. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court
of Appeals for the Second Circuit denied.
No. 792, Misc. Freeman Ray Stanford, petitioner, v. J. C. Taylor,
Warden. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court
of Appeals for the Tenth Circuit denied.
No. 832, Misc. Richard Robert Mitchell, petitioner, v. Minnesota.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Minnesota
denied.
No. 836, Misc. Carnie Simmons, a/k/a Harold, petitioner, v.
United States. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit denied.
No. 842, Misc. John Halasz, petitioner, v. John C. Burke, War-
den. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Wiscon-
sin denied.
No. 854, Misc. Daniel Jackson Oliver Wendel Holmes Morgan,
petitioner, v. United States. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
United States Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia Circuit
denied.
No. 887, Misc. Clyde L. Hardy and Lee Roy Ferguson, peti-
tioners, v. United States. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United
States Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia Circuit denied.
No. 900, Misc. Leroy Lemons, petitioner, v. United States. Peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for
the Ninth Circuit denied.
No. 906, Misc. Benjamin Prostok, petitioner, v. John C. Burke,
Warden. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of
Wisconsin denied.
No. 908, Misc. Luke Burton, petitioner, v. R. C. Tartar, Judge.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals of Kentucky
denied.
No. 911, Misc. Jim Fair, petitioner, v. District Court of Appeal
of Florida, Second District. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
Supreme Court of Florida denied.
No. 916, Misc. William Caldwell, petitioner, v. United States.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the Eighth Circuit denied.
No. 918, Misc. Albert J. Kostal, petitioner, v. Harry C. Tinsley,
Warden. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court
of Appeals for the Tenth Circuit denied.
No. 923, Misc. Willmore Knight, petitioner, v. Joseph E. Ragen,
Director of Public Safety, et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to
the United States Court of Appeals for the Seventh Circuit denied.

MONDAY, APRIL 26, 1965
265
No. 926, Misc. John P. O'Keefe, petitioner, v. North Carolina.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of North Caro-
lina denied.
No. 935, Misc. Edwin Johnson, petitioner, v. California. Peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for
the Ninth Circuit denied.
No. 936, Misc. Willis Levi Stanmore, petitioner, v. Colorado.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Colorado
denied.
No. 937, Misc. Donald R. Head, petitioner, v. Robert A. Heinze,
Warden, et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit denied.
No. 940, Misc. Gene Streeter, petitioner, v. Illinois. Petition for
writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Illinois denied.
No. 943, Misc. Jim Fair, petitioner, v. Olivia Fair. Petition for
writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Florida denied.
No. 944, Misc. In the Matter of George L. Ginger, petitioner.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Michigan
denied.
No. 945, Misc. Carleton Chandler Wood, petitioner, v. Maine et
al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Judicial Court of
Maine denied.
No. 956, Misc. George Warren Holmes, petitioner, v. Tennessee.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Tennessee,
Eastern Division, denied.
No. 958, Misc. Americo Lluveras, petitioner, v. New York. Peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the Appellate Division of the Supreme
Court of New York, First Judicial Department, denied.
No. 959, Misc. Frank George Rose, petitioner, v. California. Pe-
tion for writ of certiorari to the Appellate Department of the Superior
Court of California, County of Los Angeles, denied.
No. 962, Misc. Jerome Jess Regalado, petitioner, v. California.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the District Court of Appeal of Cali-
fornia, First Appellate District, denied.
No. 963, Misc. Randolph P. McCoy, petitioner, v. Maryland. Pe-
tition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals of Maryland
denied.
No. 970, Misc. Joseph A. Peel, Jr., petitioner, v. Florida. Peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the District Court of Appeal of Florida,
Second Appellate District, denied.
No. 971, Misc. Joseph A. Peel, Jr., petitioner, v. Florida. Peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the District Court of Appeal of Florida,
Second Appellate District, denied.

MONDAY, APRIL 26, 1965
266
No. 973, Misc. Claude Herman Morphew, petitioner, v. Indiana.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Indiana denied.
No. 978, Misc. Richard O. Tyson, petitioner, v. New Jersey. Pe-
tition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of New Jersey
denied.
No. 980, Misc. Louis Van Duyne, petitioner, v. New Jersey. Pe-
tition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of New Jersey
denied.
No. 985, Misc. Rudolfo Prieto Vejar, petitioner, v. Walter Dun-
bar, Director of Corrections, et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to
the Supreme Court of California denied.
No. 987, Misc. Lillian Horney and James G. Horney, petitioners,
v. World Island Estates, Inc. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
Court of Appeals of New York denied.
No. 988, Misc. Edward James, petitioner, v. United States. Pe-
tition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for
the District of Columbia Circuit denied.
No. 1004, Misc. James Douglas Latham and George Ronald York,
petitioners, v. Sherman Crouse, Warden. Petition for writ of cer-
tiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the Tenth Circuit
denied.
No. 1006, Misc. Stanford Yates, petitioner, v. Kentucky. Peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals of Kentucky denied.
No. 1010, Misc. Douglas L. Champagne, petitioner, v. Lawrence
E. Wilson, Warden. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United
States Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit denied.
No. 1011, Misc. Jim Fair, petitioner, v. Olivia Fair. Petition for
writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Florida denied.
No. 1013, Misc. William V. Ficek, petitioner, v. Southern Pacific
Company. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court
of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit denied.
No. 1014, Misc. Allen Glynn Peeples, petitioner, v. United States.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 1018, Misc. Jerry Zane Nelson, petitioner, v. B. J. Rhay, Su-
perintendent, Washington State Penitentiary, et al. Petition for writ
of certiorari to the Superior Court of Washington, Walla Walla
County, denied.
No. 1019, Misc. Theodore Thalis, petitioner, v. Anneliese Thalis
and Amos G. Ewers. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United
States Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia Circuit denied.
'
"

MONDAY, APRIL 26, 1965
267
No. 1024, Misc. Voris Patrick Connor, petitioner, v. United
States. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of
Appeals for the District of Columbia Circuit denied.
No. 1027, Misc. Nathaniel Vincent, petitioner, v. United States.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the Eighth Circuit denied.
No. 843, Misc. Clarence E. Whaley, petitioner, v. Superior Court
of the City and County of San Francisco, et al. Petition for writ of
certiorari to the District Court of Appeal of California, First Appel-
late District, denied. The Chief Justice took no part in the consider-
ation or decision of this petition.
LEAVE TO FILE PETITION FOR WRIT OF CERTIORARI DENIED
No. 722, Misc. Richard E. Crawford, petitioner, v. United States.
Motion for leave to file petition for writ of certiorari denied.
LEAVE TO FILE PETITIONS FOR WRITS OF HABEAS CORPUS DENIED
No. 981, Misc. William B. Sullivan, petitioner, v. Robert A.
Heinze, Warden;
No. 1002, Misc. Honorio Adorno Lorenzana, petitioner, v. Victor
M. Garcia Rodriguez, Warden;
No. 1020, Misc. Alphonso Morgan, petitioner, v. United States;
No. 1022, Misc. Marion Bush, petitioner, v. E. L. Maxwell, War-
den; and
No. 1029, Misc. Carlos Lee Gibson, petitioner, v. Florida et al.
Motions for leave to file petitions for writs of habeas corpus denied.
No. 120, Misc. Tommy Albert Sheffield, petitioner, v. Frank A.
Eyman et al. Motion for leave to file petition for writ of habeas
corpus denied. Treating the papers submitted as a petition for writ
of certiorari, certiorari is denied.
LEAVE TO FILE PETITIONS FOR WRITS OF MANDAMUS DENIED
No. 948, Misc. Lee E. Weissenborn, petitioner, v. Warren L.
Jones et al.; and
No. 955, Misc. Lloyd Brulotte et al., petitioners, v. Hon. Charles
L. Powell, Judge, etc. Motions for leave to file petitions for writs of
mandamus denied.
LEAVE TO FILE PETITION FOR WRIT OF PROHIBITION DENIED
No. 525, Misc. Dr. Karel Duda, etc., petitioner, v. United States
District Court for the District of Maryland. Motion for leave to file
petition for writ of prohibition and/or mandamus denied.

MONDAY, APRIL 26, 1965
REHEARINGS DENIED
268
No. 145. Honorable Michael L. Igoe, United States District Judge,
etc., petitioner, v. United States;
No. 796. Aware, Inc., et al., petitioners, v. John Henry Faulk;
No. 813. Edythe Rice Dyer, petitioner, v. Edward P. Murray, etc.,
et al.;
No. 822. David Grossman, petitioner, v. Jeannette Stubbs & Harold
Rugg;
No. 844. Floyd B. Harmon, petitioner, v. United States;
No. 677, Misc. Lloyd Odin Lawson, petitioner, v. United States;
No. 728, Misc. Peter Bonanno, appellant, v. Louisiana;
No. 782, Misc. L. Gilbert Cohen, petitioner, v. Curtis Publishing
Company et al.;
No. 822, Misc. Donald Arbuckle, petitioner, v. Illinois; and
No. 840, Misc. William L. Marion et al., petitioners, v. City of
Lander, Wyoming, et al. Petitions for rehearing denied.
No. 34. Stewart L. Udall, Secretary of the Interior, petitioner, v.
James K. Tallman et al. Petition for rehearing denied. Mr. Justice
Douglas and Mr. Justice Harlan took not part in the consideration or
decision of this petition.
No. 585. Federal Power Commission, petitioner, v. Amerada Pe-
troleum Corporation et al. Motion for leave to file a second petition
for rehearing denied.
No. 827. Chase Capital Corporation, d/b/a Quail Valley Country
Club, petitioner, v. A. J. Bumb, Receiver-Trustee, etc. Motion to dis-
pense with printing petition for rehearing granted. Petition for
rehearing denied.
No. 642, Misc. Claudia Walker, petitioner, v. Internal Revenue
Service et al. Petition for rehearing denied. The Chief Justice took
no part in the consideration or decision of this petition.
ORDER
It is ordered that the call of the calendar, except for special assign-
ments, be suspended for the term upon the conclusion of the arguments
in the cases listed for hearing this week.
RECESS ORDER
The Court will take a recess from Monday, May 3, 1965, until
Monday, May 17, 1965.
ORAL ARGUMENT
No. 491. Corliss Lamont, doing business as Basic Pamphlets, ap-
pellant, v. Postmaster General of the United States; and
1

MONDAY, APRIL 26, 1965
269
No. 848. John F. Fixa, Individually and as Postmaster, San Fran-
cisco, California, et al., appellants, v. Leif Heilberg. Two hours al-
lowed for oral argument. Argued by Mr. Leonard B. Boudin for the
appellant in No. 491, by Mr. Solicitor General Cox for the appellee in
No. 491 and the appellants in No. 848 and by Mr. Marshall W.
Krause for the appellee in No. 848.
No. 245. Waterman Steamship Corporation, petitioner, v. United
States. One and one-half hours allowed for oral argument. Leave
granted Paul Bender to appear and present oral argument for the
respondent, pro hac vice, on motion of Mr. Solicitor General Cox.
Argument commenced by Mr. John W. McConnell, Jr., for the peti-
tioner and continued by Mr. Paul Bender for the respondent, pro hac
vice, by special leave of Court.
Adjourned until tomorrow at 10 o'clock.
The day call for Tuesday, April 27, 1965, will be as follows: Nos.
245, 482, 179, and 464.
✓

TUESDAY, APRIL 27, 1965
270
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: Mr. Chief Justice Warren, Mr. Justice Black, Mr. Justice
Douglas, Mr. Justice Clark, Mr. Justice Harlan, Mr. Justice Brennan,
Mr. Justice Stewart, Mr. Justice White, and Mr. Justice Goldberg.
ADMISSIONS TO THE BAR
Walter Wible Faner, of Los Angeles, Calif., Erwin M. Pearl, of
Chicago, Ill., John E. Purdy, Jr., of Cleveland, Ohio, Ernest C. T.
Santora, of Cleveland, Ohio, and James R. Bakker, of Littleton, Mass.,
on motion of Mr. Solicitor General Archibald Cox; Kelley D. Robinson,
of Auburn, Calif., and Charles Edward Wiggins, of El Monte, Calif.,
on motion of Mr. Thomas H. Kuchel; Philip Michael Bagley, of
Portland, Oreg., on motion of Mr. Wayne Lyman Morse; Alfred
Reese Crisp, of Lenoir, N.C., on motion of Mr. Samuel J. Ervin, Jr.;
David Thomas Price, of Fort Lauderdale, Fla., on motion of Mr.
Paul G. Rogers; Earl B. Mitchell, Jr., of Enid, Okla., and Jack A.
Forsbach, of Tulsa, Okla., on motion of Mr. Page Belcher; James
Walter Stenglein, of Saginaw, Mich., and Harvey D. Walker, of
Saginaw, Mich., on motion of Mr. Russell James Harvey; R. J. Ellis,
of Phoenix, Ariz., on motion of Mr. Morris K. Udall; Byron M.
Knoblauch, of El Monte, Calif., on motion of Mr. Howard W. Cannon;
John A. Young, of Fort Wayne, Ind., on motion of Mr. Robert B.
Harmon; Richard Harding Shaw, of Denver, Colo., on motion of Mr.
John W. Cragun; Lloyd F. Thanhouser, of Houston, Tex., on motion
of Mr. David T. Searls; Norman Bristol, of Battle Creek, Mich., on
motion of Mr. Harold D. Beaton; Lawrence B. Smith, of Phoenix,
Ariz., on motion of Mr. Jerome C. Muys; James D. King, Jr., of
Atlanta, Ga., on motion of Mr. James R. Golden; David I. Granger, of
Washington, D.C., on motion of Mr. John B. Jones, Jr.; H. T. Herrick,
of New York, N.Y., on motion of Mr. Arnold Ordman; Donley C.
Wertz, of Dallas, Tex., on motion of Mr. Robert E. May; Robert R.
Eidsmoe, of Sioux City, Iowa, on motion of Mr. George S. Porikos;
Robert L. Kay, of Bethesda, Md., and Harry Protas, of Bethesda, Md.,
on motion of Mr. Harvey L. Zuckerman; David W. Hays, of Boston,
Mass., on motion of Mr. Harold B. Putnam, Jr.; Paul H. Leonard III,
of Duncan, Okla., on motion of Mr. Leo A. Rosetta; Robert J. Mack,
of Hammond, La., and Thomas J. Malik, of Laplace, La., on motion of
Mr. Will E. Leonard; Peter Hearn, of Philadelphia, Pa., on motion
of Mr. William T. Coleman, Jr.; Donald R. Lackey, of Export, Pa.,
on motion of Mr. Gordon S. Parker; Finton J. Phelan, Jr., of Agana,
750-278-65--67

TUESDAY, APRIL 27, 1965
271
Guam, on motion of Mr. Paul M. Rhodes; Richard M. Halsey, of
Rochester, N.Y., on motion of Mr. John P. Lacy; Alan Levenson, of
Long Beach, N.Y., on motion of Mr. Frederick Moss; and Thomas
Whitney Kroetz, of Fort Lauderdale, Fla., James Daniel McDade, of
Topeka, Kans., Frank Howard Weston, of Miami, Fla., Earl E.
Weathersby, of San Angelo, Tex., and Thomas William diZerega, of
Leesburg, Va., on motion of Mr. Roy Dale Adcock, were admitted to
practice.
OPINIONS
No. 63. Commissioner of Internal Revenue, petitioner, v. Clay B.
Brown et al. On writ of certiorari to the United States Court of
Appeals for the Ninth Circuit. Judgments affirmed. Opinion by Mr.
Justice White. Concurring opinion by Mr. Justice Harlan. Dissent-
ing opinion by Mr. Justice Goldberg with whom Mr. Chief Justice
Warren and Mr. Justice Black join.
No. 149. R. Wright Armstrong, Jr., petitioner, v. Salvatore E.
Manzo et ux. On writ of certiorari to the Court of Civil Appeals of
Texas, Eighth Supreme Judicial District. Judgment reversed and
case remanded to the Court of Civil Appeals of Texas, Eighth Supreme
Judicial District, for further proceedings not inconsistent with the
opinion of this Court. Opinion by Mr. Justice Stewart.
No. 352. General Motors Corporation, petitioner, v. District of
Columbia. On writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Ap-
peals for the District of Columbia Circuit. Judgment reversed and
case remanded to the Court of Appeals for further proceedings in con-
formity with the opinion of this Court. Opinion by Mr. Justice
Stewart. Mr. Justice Black and Mr. Justice Douglas, agreeing with
the Court of Appeals that the tax here is authorized by the controlling
statute, would affirm the judgment.
No. 360. A. M. Harman, Jr., et al., appellants, v. Lars Forssenius
et al. Appeal from the United States District Court for the Eastern
District of Virginia. Judgment affirmed. Opinion by Mr. Chief Jus-
tice Warren. Mr. Justice Harlan agrees with the opinion insofar as
it rests on the proposition that the Twenty-fourth Amendment forbids
the use of a state poll tax for any purpose whatever in determining
voter qualifications in all elections for federal office. He also agrees
that this is not a case for application of the abstention doctrine.
ORAL ARGUMENT
No. 245. Waterman Steamship Corporation, petitioner, v. United
States. Argument continued by Mr. Paul Bender for the respond-
ent, pro hac vice, by special leave of Court, and concluded by Mr. John
W. McConnell, Jr., for the petitioner.

TUESDAY, APRIL 27, 1965
272
No. 482. Federal Communications Commission, petitioner, v. Taft
B. Schreiber et al. One and one-half hours allowed for oral argu-
ment. Argued by Mr. John W. Douglas for the petitioner and by
Mr. Allen E. Susman for the respondents.
No. 179. Stanley M. Corbett, Guardian of the Property of Con-
stantine Neonakis, a minor, appellant, v. Viola Stergios, etc. Argued
by Mr. Robert R. Eidsmoe for the appellant and by Mr. Phillip S.
Dandos for the appellee.
No. 464. L. W. Holt et al., petitioners, v. Virginia. Argument
commenced by Mr. Marvin M. Karpatkin for the petitioners.
Adjourned until tomorrow at 10 o'clock.
The day call for Wednesday, April 28, 1965, will be as follows: Nos.
464, 644 (and 693), 843, and 291.
☑

WEDNESDAY, APRIL 28, 1965
273
Wednesday, April 28, 1965
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: Mr. Chief Justice Warren, Mr. Justice Black, Mr. Justice
Douglas, Mr. Justice Clark, Mr. Justice Harlan, Mr. Justice Brennan,
Mr. Justice Stewart, Mr. Justice White, and Mr. Justice Goldberg.
ADMISSIONS TO THE BAR
James French Hoge, Jr., of Fort Worth, Tex., Mitchell L. Flint,
of Los Angeles, Calif., Elliott Leighton, of San Francisco, Calif., and
Joseph Harold Radensky, of Anaheim, Calif., on motion of Mr. Solici-
tor General Archibald Cox; James Armstrong Mackay, of Decatur,
Ga., on motion of Mr. Robert Grier Stephens, Jr.; Sandra Kay Stal-
cup, of Lubbock, Tex., on motion of Mr. George H. Mahon; Lloyd H.
Butterfield, of Brockport, N.Y., on motion of Mr. Barber B. Conable,
Jr.; Emmett Colvin, Jr., of Dallas, Tex., on motion of Mr. Harold
Barefoot Sanders, Jr.; Ira H. Holley, of New York, N.Y., on motion
of Mr. Eugene Gressman; Robert M. Diggs, of Olean, N.Y., on motion
of Mr. Charles E. Pledger, Jr.; Robert Gordon Smith, of Atlanta,
Ga., Jerome Simone Ventra, of North Valley Stream, N.Y., and Ken-
neth Anthony Pels, of Sarasota, Fla., on motion of Mr. Roy Dale
Adcock, De Witt W. Clinton, of Los Angeles, Calif., on motion of
Mr. Lee F. Dante; Jack F. C. Gillard, of Albert Lea, Minn., on motion
of Mr. John J. Flynn; William G. Line, of Fremont, Nebr., on motion
of Mr. Melvin Kammerlohr; Wm. Francis Corson, of New York, N.Y.,
on motion of Mr. Edwin F. X. Silk; and Erwin G. Krasnow, of
Washington, D.C., on motion of Mr. Thomas P. Kerester, were ad-
mitted to practice.
OPINIONS
No. 134. Paragon Jewel Coal Company, Inc., petitioner, v. Com-
missioner of Internal Revenue; and
No. 237. Commissioner of Internal Revenue, petitioner, v. Robert
Lee Merritt, et ux., et al. On writs of certiorari to the United States
Court of Appeals for the Fourth Circuit. Judgment reversed and
cases remanded to the Court of Appeals for further proceedings in
conformity with the opinion of this Court. Opinion by Mr. Justice
Clark. Dissenting opinion by Mr. Justice Goldberg with whom Mr.
Justice Black joins.
No. 138. Brotherhood of Railway and Steamship Clerks, Freight
Handlers, Express and Station Employes, petitioner, v. Association
for the Benefit of Non-Contract Employees;
750-278-65-68
L

WEDNESDAY, APRIL 28, 1965
274
No. 139. United Air Lines, Inc., petitioner, v. National Mediation
Board et al.; and
No. 369. National Mediation Board et al., petitioners, v. Associa-
ation for the Benefit of Non-Contract Employees. On writs of certi-
orari to the United States Court of Appeals for the District of
Columbia Circuit. Judgments in Nos. 138 and 369 reversed and
cases remanded to the United States District Court for the District
of Columbia for further proceedings in conformity with the opinion
of this Court. Judgment in No. 139 affirmed. Opinion by Mr. Jus-
tice Clark. Mr. Justice Black concurs in the result. Dissenting
opinion by Mr. Justice Stewart.
No. 422. Federal Trade Commission, petitioner, v. Consolidated
Foods Corporation. On writ of certiorari to the United States Court
of Appeals for the Seventh Circuit. Judgment reversed and case
remanded to the Court of Appeals for further proceedings in con-
formity with the opinion of this Court. Opinion by Mr. Justice
Douglas. Concurring opinion by Mr. Justice Harlan. Concurring
opinion by Mr. Justice Stewart.
No. 202. Eddie Dean Griffin, petitioner, v. California. On writ of
certiorari to the Supreme Court of California. Judgment reversed
and case remanded to the Supreme Court of California for further
proceedings not inconsistent with the opinion of this Court. Opinion
by Mr. Justice Douglas. Concurring opinion by Mr. Justice Harlan.
Dissenting opinion by Mr. Justice Stewart with whom Mr. Justice
White joins. Mr. Chief Justice Warren took no part in the decision
of this case.
ORAL ARGUMENT
No. 464. L. W. Holt et al., petitioners, v. Virginia. Argument
continued by Mr. Marvin M. Karpatkin for the petitioners, by Mr.
Francis C. Lee for the respondent, and concluded by Mr. Marvin M.
Karpatkin for the petitioners.
No. 644. The United Gas Improvement Company, petitioner, v.
Continental Oil Company et al.; and
No. 693. Federal Power Commission, petitioner, v. M. H. Marr
et al. Argued by Mr. Solicitor General Cox and Mr. William T.
Coleman, Jr., for the petitioners and by Mr. David T. Searls for the
respondents.
No. 843. Paul V. Case, petitioner, v. Nebraska. Argued by Mr.
Daniel J. Meador for the petitioner and by Mr. Melvin Kent Kammer-
lohr for the respondent.
Adjourned until tomorrow at 10 o'clock.
The day call for Thursday, April 29, 1965, will be as follows: Nos.
291 and 355.

THURSDAY, APRIL 29, 1965
275
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: Mr. Chief Justice Warren, Mr. Justice Black, Mr. Justice
Douglas, Mr. Justice Clark, Mr. Justice Harlan, Mr. Justice Brennan,
Mr. Justice Stewart, Mr. Justice White, and Mr. Justice Goldberg.
ADMISSIONS TO THE BAR
William John Nellis, of Chicago, Ill., John P. Ryan, Jr., of Chicago,
Ill., Alan S. Gratch, of Chicago, Ill., and Charles T. Emmett, Jr., of
New York, N.Y., on motion of Mr. Solicitor General Archibald Cox;
Daniel C. Kuzman, of Gary, Ind., on motion of Mr. Birch Bayh; Rich-
ard A. Case, of Sacramento, Calif., and Douglas R. Greer, of Sacra-
mento, Calif., on motion of Mr. Robert L. Leggett; James M. Fullan,
Jr., of Birmingham, Ala., on motion of Mr. Wiley Messick; Donald
Richard Jolliffe, of Washington, D.C., and Michael Joseph, of Wash-
ington, D.C., on motion of Mr. David Ferber; Paul Francis McArdle,
of Washington, D.C., on motion of Mr. Hugh Baker Cox; James David
Williams, of Meridian, Miss., on motion of Mr. William Ephriam
Cresswell; John Howard Bickley, Jr., of Chicago, Ill., Edward A.
Bogucki, of Chicago, Ill., and Richard F. Peterson, of Chicago, Ill.,
on motion of Mr. Bernard Joseph Waters; Scott Heuer, Jr., of Wash-
ington, D.C., on motion of Mr. Harry Tyson Carter; John Alton Boyer,
of Washington, D.C., Harrison Darden Hutson, of Washington, D.C.,
and Benjamin W. Yancey, of New Orleans, La., on motion of Mr.
Robert S. Hope; Herman W. Lutz, of Alexandra, Va., and Dikran
V. Kavaljian, Jr., of Alexandria, Va., on motion of Mr. Henry C. Bol-
ling; William Thomas Kvetkas, Jr., of Washington, D.C., on motion
of Mr. William D. Roberson; Winn Irving Newman, of Washington,
D.C., on motion of Mr. Benjamin C. Sigal; Norman S. Isko, of Mount
Vernon, N.Y., and Leonard Toboroff, of Jeffersonville, N.Y., on mo-
tion of Mr. Lester G. Renard; Robert Gene Levy, of Baltimore, Md.,
on motion of Mr. Arnold Fleischmann; Albert Saint Clair Millar, Jr.,
of Jacksonville, Fla., on motion of Mr. William Trueman McInarnay;
Alan Litchfield Hyde, of Cleveland, Ohio, on motion of Mr. Richard
Edward Streeter; Edward Earl McAmis, of New York, N.Y., on mo-
tion of Mr. Sidney P. Howell, Jr.; Robert E. Staed, of St. Louis, Mo.,
on motion of Mr. Thomas A. Ziebarth; Eser Paul Rustin, of Chicago,
Ill., on motion of Mr. David Parson; George H. Carley, of Decatur,
Ga., James Vining Malcolm, Jr., of Decatur, Ga., Henry Raiford
Hodges, Jr., of Decatur, Ga., Walter P. McCurdy, Jr., of Decatur, Ga.,
Charles A. Pemberton, of Decatur, Ga., Richard Allen Thibadeau, of
750-278-65-69
1

THURSDAY, APRIL 29, 1965
276
Decatur, Ga., and Kelsey D. Howington, of Lithonia, Ga., on motion
of Mr. James Armstrong Mackay; and Charles Herbert Kahn, of
Beverly Hills, Calif., Mayer Chapman, of Los Angeles, Calif., Patrick
Eugene Hughes, of Los Angeles, Calif., William R. Pardee, of Los
Angeles, Calif., Seymour J. Gaynes, of Chicago, Ill., Glenn Green-
wood, of Chicago, Ill., Harry George Mann, of Chicago, Ill., Richard
Peter Micun, of Chicago, Ill., Charles Orlove, of Chicago, Ill., Richard
Samuel Weinberg, of Chicago, Ill., Harland W. Downard, of Louis-
ville, Ky., James F. Kemp, of Louisville, Ky., Howard D. Barger, of
Holyoke, Mass., Richard S. Moskow, of Boston, Mass., Philip A.
Brine, Jr., of Boston, Mass., Erwin Elling Cooper, of Newton, Mass.,
Richard P. King, of Newton, Mass., Lawrence A. Wright, of Concord,
Mass., Robert Widman Appleford, of Birmingham, Mich., Jacquelson
A. Jennewein, of Cincinnati, Ohio, William Walter Beuhler, Jr., of
San Antonio, Tex., Richard W. Harris, of San Antonio, Tex., William
Stern Fields, of Madison, Wis., James W. Moll, of Milwaukee, Wis.,
and Edward D. Schneiderman, of Milwaukee, Wis., on motion of Mr.
William S. Fulton, Jr., were admitted to practice.
OPINIONS
No. 294. One 1958 Plymouth Sedan, petitioner, v. Pennsylvania.
On writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Pennsylvania, Eastern
District. Judgment reversed and case remanded to the Supreme
Court of Pennsylvania, Eastern District, for further proceedings not
inconsistent with the opinion of this Court. Opinion by Mr. Justice
Goldberg. Concurring opinion by Mr. Justice Black.
No. 503. Commissioner of Internal Revenue, petitioner, v. Estate
of Marshal L. Noel, Deceased, William H. Frantz and Ruth M. Noel,
Executors. On writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Ap-
peals for the Third Circuit. Judgment of the Court of Appeals re-
versed and judgment of the United States Tax Court affirmed. Case
remanded to the Court of Appeals for further proceedings in con-
formity with the opinion of this Court. Opinion by Mr. Justice
Black. Mr. Justice Douglas dissents.
No. 115. Warren Trading Post Company, appellant, v. Arizona
State Tax Commission et al. Appeal from the Supreme Court of
Arizona. Judgment reversed and case remanded to the Supreme
Court of Arizona for further proceedings not inconsistent with the
opinion of this Court. Opinion by Mr. Justice Black.
ORAL ARGUMENT
No. 291. Minnesota Mining and Manufacturing Company, peti-
tioner, v. New Jersey Wood Finishing Company. Argued by Mr.

THURSDAY, APRIL 29, 1965
277
Sidney P. Howell, Jr., for the petitioner and by Mr. Albert G. Besser
for the respondent.
No. 355. Bernard Susser et al., petitioners, v. Carvel Corporation
et al. Argued by Mr. Arnold Fleischmann for the petitioners and by
Mr. Herman L. Weisman and Mr. John A. Wilson for the respondents.
Adjourned until Monday, May 3, 1965, at 10 o'clock.
✓

MONDAY, MAY 3, 1965
278
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: Mr. Chief Justice Warren, Mr. Justice Black, Mr. Justice
Clark, Mr. Justice Harlan, Mr. Justice Brennan, Mr. Justice Stewart,
Mr. Justice White, and Mr. Justice Goldberg.
ADMISSIONS TO THE BAR
Dennis Charles DeBerry, of Denver, Colo., Bernard Isaac Kaplan,
of Boston, Mass., John F. Reilly, of New York, N.Y., Samuel Theo-
dore Reiner, of Southampton, Pa., Ronald A. Hoverson, of Lafayette,
La., Arnold Miller, of Newark, N.J., Frederick Clifford Cohen, of
Boston, Mass., Willy Nordwind, Jr., of Lynn, Mass., Howard J.
Bueche, of Flint, Mich., and Samuel Locke Highleyman, of New
York, N.Y., on motion of Mr. Solicitor General Archibald Cox; Jack
Richard Hall, of Des Moines, Iowa, on motion of Mr. Jack R. Miller;
Donald E. Campbell, of Pueblo, Colo., and Weldon Murphy Tarter,
of Colorado Springs, Colo., on motion of Mr. Gordon Allott; Deanl
Tooker, of Stuart, Fla., William Frederick Crary, of Stuart, Fla., and
Lawrence Evans Crary, Jr., of Stuart, Fla., on motion of Mr. Paul G.
Rogers; Charles W. Arnason, of Minneapolis, Minn., on motion of
Mr. Carlton J. King; Robert Shearer Zimmerman, of Glenwood
Springs, Colo., on motion of Mr. G. Mennen Williams; Carl A. Skibell,
of Dallas, Tex., on motion of Mr. Harold Barefoot Sanders; Jack
Irwin Orlove, of Silver Spring, Md., on motion of Mr. Charles Dona-
hue; Janet Calvert Brown, of New York, N.Y., on motion of Mr.
Abraham Krash; Marshall Patner, of Chicago, Ill., on motion of Mr.
Barry Sidman; Albert Averbach, of Seneca Falls, N.Y., on motion of
Mr. Frederick Bernays Wiener; Claude Daniel Carter, of Roanoke,
Va., and Thomas F. Call, of Los Angeles, Calif., on motion of Mr. Asa
V. Call; Marian Mayer Berkett, of New Orleans, La., on motion of
Mrs. Carolyn Royall Just; Bascom T. Perkins, of Mt. Pleasant, Tex.,
on motion of Mr. John L. Barr, Jr.; Robert Lee Milby, of London,
Ky., on motion of Mr. George F. Galland; Wilford R. Young, of New
York, N.Y., on motion of Mr. George E. McMurray; Charles Augustus
Robinson, Jr., of Vienna, Va., on motion of Mr. S. David Freeman;
Donald P. Lay, of Omaha, Neb., on motion of Mr. Stanley E. Siegel;
Woodward Lee Carter, Jr., of New York, N.Y., George Henry Hen-
derson, of Brooklyn, N.Y., Peter Joseph Lumia, of Matawan, N.J.,
and Robert Yaeger Peters, of Washington, D.C., on motion of Mr.
Robert Coe; William D. Stokes, of Washington, D.C., on motion of
Mr. Charles Fellows Wheatley, Jr.; Thomas H. Crush, of Cincinnati,
750-278-65--70

MONDAY, MAY 3, 1965
279
Ohio, on motion of Mr. Harry J. Boyles; Thomas Burch Moorhead, of
New York, N.Y., on motion of Mr. Harry A. Inman; Jay L. Cooper, of
Beverly Hills, Calif., on motion of Mr. Leo A. Rosetta; George S. Bar-
nard, of Ozark, Ala., on motion Mr. Philip Ershler; Elias D. Rees, of
Arlington, Va., on motion of Mr. Frederick C. Heiken; Roscoe B.
Hogan, of Birmingham, Ala., William Richard Bremer, of San Fran-
cisco, Calif., Jerome Berg, of San Francisco, Calif., Franklin J. Potter,
of Los Angeles, Calif., James G. Butler, of Los Angeles, Calif., Bennet
Olan, of Los Angeles, Calif., Ralph Nader, of Winsted, Conn., Wil-
liam G. Applestein, of Washington, D.C., Anival J. Grillo, of Wash-
ington, D.C., Irwin B. Lipman, of Washington, D.C., William Mc-
Kamey, of Washington, D.C., William A. Mann, of Washington, D.C.,
John Joseph Leahy, of Washington, D.C., Warren M. Goodrich, of
Bradenton, Fla., Al. J. Cone, of West Palm Beach, Fla., Philip H.
Corboy, of Chicago, Ill., William E. Gainer, of Chicago, Ill., Alvin
George Brooks, of Evanston, Ill., Leonard J. Dunn, of West Frank-
fort, Ill., Carl L. Compton, of Indianapolis, Ind., Hyman Harold Sosh-
nick, of Shelbyville, Ind., Richard Chrisler Ver Wiebe, of Fort Wayne,
Ind., Benjamin C. Piser, of South Bend, Ind., W. T. Barnes, of Ot-
tumwa, Iowa, Lex Hawkins, of Des Moines, Iowa, John C. Frank, of
Wichita, Kans., Manny H. Frockt, of Louisville, Ky., Anthony R.
Hellmann, of Louisville, Ky., Michael M. Hellmann, of Louisville, Ky.,
Harold J. Lamy, of New Orleans, La., John P. Godfrey, of Many, La.,
Peter N. Kyros, of Portland, Maine, Norman S. Reef, of Portland,
Maine, Herbert H. Bennett, of Portland, Maine, E. K. Collins, of
Laurel, Miss., Thomas Jefferson Stephens, Jr., of Grant City, Ohio,
Howard A. Goldberger, of Newark, N.J., Jerry M. Finn, of Newark,
N.J., Shelley J. Lashkowitz, of Fargo, N. Dak., Raymond J. Finley,
of Akron, Ohio, Joseph C. DaPore, of Lima, Ohio, Moran B. Jenkins,
of Lima, Ohio, Jefferson G. Greer, of Tulsa, Okla., Michael F. Mor-
rissey, of Denver, Colo., Julius Bronstein, of Baltimore, Md. James D.
Laudeman, Jr., of Glyndon, Md., Irving M. Einbinder, of Hagerstown,
Md., Maurice J. Pressman, of Baltimore, Md., John Victor Calabrese,
of Baltimore, Md., William Sinsky, of Baltimore, Md., Sidney Wald-
man, of Baltimore, Md., J. Mayer Willen, of Baltimore, Md., Melvin
S. Bernstein, of Baltimore, Md., Fred Ginsberg, of Baltimore, Md.,
Eugene Victor Chircus, of Baltimore, Md., David Lewis Saltzman, of
Baltimore, Md., Gordon H. Levy, of Baltimore, Md., Norman Harold
Katz, of Baltimore, Md., Herman Shapiro, of Baltimore, Md., Jack H.
Bindes, of Detroit, Mich., Carl Gussin, of Detroit, Mich., Irving Kroll,
of Detroit, Mich., Harry M. Philo, of Detroit, Mich., Sherman E. Fein,
of Springfield, Mass., Paul R. Sugarman, of Boston, Mass., Abner R.
Sisson, of Boston, Mass., L. Barry Tinkoff, of Fall River, Mass., Sey-
mour A. Sikov, of Pittsburgh, Pa., Albert Walter Buford, Jr., of

MONDAY, MAY 3, 1965
280
Memphis, Tenn., Richard Ray Ford, of Knoxville, Tenn., Marion Foy
McDavid, of Harriman, Tenn., David S. Kunz, of Ogden, Utah, J.
Westwood Smithers, of Richmond, Va., Hudson Branham, of Rich-
mond, Va., Willard James Moody, of Portsmouth, Va., Lois H. Miller,
of Vienna, Va., Bryan Bailey Palmer, of Newport News, Va., Bernard
Lisman, of Burlington, Vt., Maurice Schmerling, of Kenosha, Wis.,
Donald M. Gorectke, of Milwaukee, Wis., Joseph Abner Morgan, Jr.,
of El Paso, Tex., Bob Huff, of Lubbock, Tex., Howard C. Sadler, of
Port Arthur, Tex., John Guest Patterson, of Houston, Tex., and James
Jackson Hultgren, of Dallas, Tex., on motion of Mr. William Ramsey
Clark; Anthony J. Brosco, of Johnston, R.I., Daniel R. Brenna, of
Trenton, N.J., Charles J. D'Arrigo, of Staten Island, N.Y., Donald P.
Muccigrosso, of Mamaroneck, N.Y., Gerald J. Muccigrosso, of Mamar-
oneck, N.Y., Peter A. Piscitelli, of Bronx, N.Y., Cesar F. Sena, of
Bronx, N.Y., Remo J. Acito, of New York, N.Y., Joseph J. Barbera,
of New York, N.Y., Fred Baroni, of New York, N.Y., Louis C. Benza,
of New York, N.Y., John J. Bower, of New York, N.Y., Nicholas A.
Bruckner, of New York, N.Y., James A. Cardiello, of New York, N.Y.,
Joseph A. Cascione, of New York, N.Y., Mary E. Cerbone, of New
York, N.Y., Joseph A. Cerbone, of New York, N.Y., Daniel K. Et-
tinger, of New York, N.Y., Eugene P. Frasca, of New York, N.Y.,
Francis X. Galdi, of New York, N.Y., Paul A. Liggio, of New York,
N.Y., Philip T. Lombardo, of New York, N.Y., Thomas J. Mazza, of
New York, N.Y., Richard F. Mele, of New York, N.Y., Saverio Perri,
of New York, N.Y., Anthony J. Stella, of New York, N.Y., Julius
Stern, of New York, N.Y., Mark A. Varrichio, of New York, N.Y.,
Louis S. Zappulla, Jr., of New York, N.Y., and Neil Ira Zipkin, of
New York, N.Y., on motion of Mr. Alfred E. Santangelo; John D.
Adams, of Enfield, Conn., Joseph B. Buckley, of Ansonia, Conn.,
Robert T. Casey, of Southington, Conn., James G. Englis, of Fairfield,
Conn., Ivan A. Hirsch, of Bridgeport, Conn., Robert L. Hurney, of
Middletown, Conn., Charles G. Iosco, of Newington, Conn., Bernard
F. Joy, of Milford, Conn., Louis Kiefer, of Simsbury, Conn., JoAnne
Marie Kiely, of Ansonia, Conn., Robert L. Krechevsky, of West Hart-
ford, Conn., Joseph Levinson, of Westport, Conn., William I. Mark,
of Meriden, Conn., Robert H. Montgomery, of Madison, Conn., Albert
Raymond Moquet, of Orange, Conn., John F. Mulcahy, Jr., of West
Hartford, Conn., Frederick Pope, Jr., of Fairfield, Conn., Robert E.
Quish, of Milford, Conn., Stephen Edmund Ronai, of Milford Conn.,
Jerome Allen Rosen, of Willimantic, Conn., Robert P. Scholl, of West-
port, Conn., James Warren Sherman, of Somers, Conn., James Hart
Talcott, of Greenwich, Conn., Richard Aquinas Walsh, of West Hart-
ford, Conn., Jack Waltuch, of Norwalk, Conn., Robert Morris Zeisler,
of Fairfield, Conn., William A. Bader, of Bridgeport, Conn., Sidney

MONDAY, MAY 3, 1965
281
Leonard Dworkin, of Bridgeport, Conn., Burton J. Jacobson, of
Bridgeport, Conn., Robert K. Lesser, of Bridgeport, Conn., Jordan R.
Lustig, of Bridgeport, Conn., Noel R. Newman, of Bridgeport, Conn.,
Edmund Joseph Ramos, of Bridgeport, Conn., James F. Stapleton, of
Bridgeport, Conn., Lucian E. Baldwin, of Hartford, Conn., Samuel
S. Goldstein, of Hartford, Conn., Fannie Himmelstein, of Hartford,
Conn., Donald Lee Rome, of Hartford, Conn., Donald George Rosen-
berg, of Hartford, Conn., Ronald G. Tormey, of Hartford, Conn.,
Irving Milton Widem, of Hartford, Conn., Anthony P. DeLio II, of
Hamden, Conn., Morris Gamm, of Hamden, Conn., William L. Had-
den, Jr., of Hamden, Conn., Malcolm L. Rashba, of Hamden, Conn.,
Anthony G. Apicella, of New Haven, Conn., Morris Berkowitz, of
New Haven, Conn., John J. Buckley, of New Haven, Conn., Stanley
H. Burdick, of New Haven, Conn., Milton I. Caplan, of New Haven,
Conn., Robert S. Evans, of New Haven, Conn., Gary R. Ginsberg,
of West Haven, Conn., Irving Groob, of New Haven, Conn., Stephen
L. Hilcoff, of New Haven, Conn., Morton D. Kaplan, of New Haven,
Conn., John Vernon Leffingwell, of New Haven, Conn., Howard R.
Moskof, of New Haven, Conn., Richard Joseph Parrett, of New
Haven, Conn., Irving Smirnoff, of New Haven, Conn., Gerald Max-
well Still, of New Haven, Conn., Joseph Fred Trotta, of New Haven,
Conn., Sherman A. Zitomer, of New Haven, Conn., M. Lewis Chaplowe,
of Stratford, Conn., Leonard E. Cookney, of Stamford, Conn., Gordon
R. Erickson, of Stamford, Conn., John E. Hanrahan, of Stamford,
Conn., John S. McGeeney, of Stamford, Conn., Richard Paul Mc-
Grath, of Stamford, Conn., Alfred E. Munrow III, of Stamford,
Conn., Samuel V. Schoonmaker III, of Stamford, Conn., Everett P.
Sherwood, of Stamford, Conn., Richard Anthony Silver, of Stamford,
Conn., and John E. Smyth, of Stamford, Conn., on motion of Mr.
Donald J. Irwin; and Alfred J. Anastasi, of Jackson Heights, N.Y.,
Anthony F. Bellucci, of Corona, N.Y., Harold F. Berg, of Westbury,
N.Y., Stanley J. Beyer of Island Park, N.Y., Irving Raymond
Bykofsky, of Bayside, N.Y., Emanuel J. Caiati, of East Meadow,
N.Y., Burton Citak, of Whitestone, N.Y., Edward C. Clarke, of
Jackson Heights, N.Y., Peter J. Conza, of Rosedale, N.Y., Luther
Vaughn Dye, of Hollis, N.Y., Harry P. Emery, of Maspeth, N.Y.,
Thomas Francis Fallon, of Astoria, N.Y., Timothy J. Flaherty, of
Astoria, N.Y., Leonard Gordon, of Far Rockaway, N.Y., Horatio
K. Hawkins, of Corona, N.Y., Stuart Kessler, of Ardsley, N.Y.,
Armin John Kikel, of Ridgewood, N.Y., Harold Jerome Klein, of
Valley Stream, N.Y., Melvin M. Lebetkin, of Kew Gardens, N.Y.,
Herbert Lichterman, of Far Rockaway, N.Y., Joseph F. Lisa, of
Corona, N.Y., Jerrold I. Lupoff, of Roslyn, N.Y., Eugene T. Matthews,
of Maspeth, N.Y., Anthony Matturro, of Woodside, N.Y., Edward C.

MONDAY, MAY 3, 1965
282
Montell, of Long Island City, N.Y., Joseph P. Muscarella, of Elmont,
N.Y., Anthony D. Pistone, of Roslyn Heights, N.Y., James D. Robert-
son, of Ridgewood, N.Y., Ralph Rubel, of Mineola, N.Y., J. Bernard
Slutsky, of South Hempstead, N.Y., Guy R. Vitacco, of Elmhurst,
N.Y., Maurice Weingold, of Cedarhurst, N.Y., Louis J. Bacotti, of
Brooklyn, N.Y., Benjamin A. Demos, of Brooklyn, N.Y., Samuel D.
Duke, of Brooklyn, N.Y., Morris Greenstein, of Brooklyn, N.Y.,
Sheldon G. Rappaport, of Brooklyn, N.Y., Leonard E. Ruisi, of
Brooklyn, N.Y., Harry S. Taubenfeld, of Brooklyn, N.Y., Louis R.
Teig, of Brooklyn, N.Y., Harold I. Venokur, of Brooklyn, N.Y.,
Francis Gerald Creamer, of Flushing, N.Y., John Gentile, of Flush-
ing, N.Y., Fredric Scheinfeld, of Flushing, N.Y., Sanford David
Silverstein, of Flushing, N.Y., Joseph Albanese, of Jamaica, N.Y.,
Gerald Alan Bloomgarden, of Jamaica, N.Y., Leonard Bloomgarden,
of Jamaica, N.Y., Anthony Michael Dattoma, of Jamaica, N.Y., Leo
Dikman, of Jamaica, N.Y., Michael Dikman, of Jamaica, N.Y., Joseph
A. Fiore, of Jamaica, N.Y., Irwin E. Goldwein, of Jamaica, N.Y.,
Irving Jerome Klein, of Jamaica, N.Y., Albert J. Magioncalda, of
Jamaica, N.Y., Gerald Murray, of Jamaica, N.Y., Herman C. Rosen-
berg, of Jamaica, N.Y., Sigmond F. Sarnowski, of Jamaica, N.Y.,
Michael Bruce Solomon, of Jamaica, N.Y., Anthony S. Bottitta, of
Queens, N.Y., Bernard I. Scherer, of Queens, N.Y., Michael R.
Silberstein, of Queens, N.Y., Melvin Jonathan Slade, of Queens, N.Y.,
Peter F. Vallone, of Queens, N.Y., Elliot Wohl, of Queens, N.Y.,
Michael Angelo Buonora, of New York, N.Y., Dominic J. Calabrese,
of New York, N.Y., Joseph P. Dorsa, of New York, N.Y., Andrew
Fontanetta, of New York, N.Y., Joseph Adrian Fontanetta, of New
York, N.Y., James D. Gabler, of New York, N.Y., Anthony V.
Gazzara, of New York, N.Y., Marvin E. Goldberg, of New York, N.Y.,
Joseph Hausman, of New York, N.Y., Daniel King, of New York,
N.Y., Monroe J. Korn, of New York, N.Y., Nicholas S. Maltese, of
New York, N.Y., Jordan Mandel, of New York, N.Y., Alfonse George
Marano, of New York, N.Y., David George Mendelsohn, of New
York, N.Y., James J. Power, of New York, N.Y., Malcolm Rosenberg,
of New York, N.Y., Stephen Ross, of New York, N.Y., Emil J.
Rucigay, of New York, N.Y., Jay S. Watnick, of New York, N.Y.,
Saul Israel Weinstein, of New York, N.Y., Leonard Weinstock, of
New York, N.Y., Milton G. Winston, of New York, N.Y., and Robert
M. Yates, of New York, N.Y., on motion of Mr. John J. Scileppi, were
admitted to practice.
OPINIONS
No. 123. Federal Power Commission, petitioner, v. Union Electric
Company. On writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Ap-
peals for the Eighth Circuit. Judgment reversed and case remanded
750-278-65--71

MONDAY, MAY 3, 1965
283
to the Court of Appeals for further proceedings in conformity with
the opinion of this Court. Opinion by Mr. Justice White. Dissent-
ing opinion by Mr. Justice Goldberg with whom Mr. Justice Harlan
and Mr. Justice Stewart join.
No. 628. United States, petitioner, v. Midland-Ross Corporation.
On writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the
Sixth Circuit. Judgment reversed and case remanded to the United
States District Court for the Northern District of Ohio for further
proceedings in conformity with the opinion of this Court. Opin-
ion by Mr. Justice Brennan.
No. 486. W. Palmer Dixon et al., petitioners, v. United States. On
writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the
Second Circuit. Judgment affirmed. Opinion by Mr. Justice Bren-
nan.
No. 363. Lucy C. Simons, petitioner, v. Miami Beach First Na-
tional Bank, etc. On writ of certiorari to the District Court of Ap-
peal of Florida, Third District. Judgment affirmed. Opinion by
Mr. Justice Brennan. Concurring opinion by Mr. Justice Harlan.
Concurring opinion by Mr. Justice Black with whom Mr. Justice
Douglas joins. Dissenting opinion by Mr. Stewart with whom Mr.
Justice Goldberg joins.
No. 345. Maryland, for the use of Nadine Y. Levin, Sydney L.
Johns, et al., petitioners, v. United States. On writ of certiorari to
the United States Court of Appeals for the Third Circuit. Judg-
ment affirmed. Opinion by Mr. Justice Harlan. Mr. Justice Doug-
las dissents.
No. 86. Louis Zemel, appellant, v. Dean Rusk, Secretary of State,
et al. Appeal from the United States District Court for the District
of Connecticut. Judgment affirmed. Opinion by Mr. Chief Justice
Warren. Dissenting opinion by Mr. Justice Black. Dissenting
opinion by Mr. Justice Douglas with whom Mr. Justice Goldberg
joins. Dissenting opinion by Mr. Justice Goldberg.
No. 179. Stanley M. Corbett, Guardian of the Property of Con-
stantine Neonakis, a minor, appellant, v. Viola Stergios, etc. Appeal
from the Supreme Court of Iowa. Judgment reversed and case
remanded to the Supreme Court of Iowa for further proceedings not
inconsistent with the opinion of this Court. Opinion per curiam
announced by Mr. Chief Justice Warren.
No. 355. Bernard Susser et al., petitioners, v. Carvel Corporation
et al. On writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for
the Second Circuit. Writ of certiorari dismissed as improvidently
granted. Opinion per curiam announced by Mr. Chief Justice Warren.
Mr. Justice Goldberg took no part in the decision of this case.

MONDAY, MAY 3, 1965
The Chief Justice said:
284
"The other orders of the Court have been certified by the Chief
Justice and filed with the Clerk and will not be announced orally."
OPINIONS PER CURIAM
No. 923. James A. Watts et al., petitioners, v. Seward School Board
et al. On petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of
Alaska. Petition for writ of certiorari granted, judgment vacated,
and case remanded to the Supreme Court of Alaska for further con-
sideration not inconsistent with the opinion of this Court. Opinion
per curiam.
No. 958. John Parrot et al., petitioners, v. City of Tallahassee,
Florida. On petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of
the Second Judicial Circuit of Florida, Leon County. Petition for
writ of certiorari granted, judgment reversed, and case remanded to
the Second Judicial Circuit of Florida, Leon County, for further
proceedings not inconsistent with the opinion of this Court. Opinion
per curiam.
No. 994. Robert McClellan, appellant, v. Chesapeake & Ohio Rail-
way Company. Appeal from the Court of Appeals of Ohio, Cuya-
hoga County. The motion to dismiss is granted and the appeal is dis-
missed for want of a substantial federal question. Opinion per
curiam.
CERTIORARI GRANTED
No. 806. Henry Brown et al., petitioners, v. Louisiana. Petition
for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Louisiana granted and
case placed on the summary calendar.
No. 824, Misc. Morris A. Kent, Jr., petitioner, v. United States.
Motion of Elyce Zenoff Ferster, et al., for leave to file brief, as amici
curiae, granted. Motion for leave to proceed in forma pauperis and
petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the District of Columbia Circuit granted. Case transferred to the
appellate docket and placed on the summary calendar.
CERTIORARI DENIED
No. 688. Baldo M. Kristovich, Public Administrator, petitioner, v.
Shu Tong Ng. Petition for writ of certiorari to the District Court
of Appeal of California, Second Appellate District, denied.
No. 981. Loring J. Whiteside, petitioner, v. Connecticut. Petition
for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Errors of Connecticut
denied.

MONDAY, MAY 3, 1965
285
No. 982. Nicholas A. Stirone, petitioner, v. United States. Peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for
the Third Circuit denied.
No. 984. Felix Ferina, petitioner, v. United States. Petition for
writ of certoriari to the United States Court of Appeals for the
Eighth Circuit denied.
No. 986. Aaron Rosenzweig, petitioner, v. United States. Petition
for writ of certoriari to the United States Court of Appeals for the
Ninth Circuit denied.
No. 988. Allied Central Stores, Inc., petitioner, v. Commissioner of
Internal Revenue. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United
States Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit denied.
No. 989. Albert N. Shahadi, petitioner, v. United States. Petition
for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the
Third Circuit denied.
No. 991. Jerry G. Summerlin, petitioner, v. United States. Peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for
the District of Columbia Circuit denied.
No. 998. Teamsters, Chauffeurs, Warehousemen & Helpers, Local
Union 612, petitioner, v. National Labor Relations Board. Petition
for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the
Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 999. Julius Godeny et ux., petitioners, v. Commissioner of In-
ternal Revenue. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Court of Appeals for the Third Circuit denied.
No. 1001. Frederick Moynihan, petitioner, v. New York Central
Railroad Company. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United
States Court of Appeals for the First Circuit denied.
No. 1005. Wade McNeil, petitioner, v. Stewart Udall, etc. Peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for
the District of Columbia Circuit denied.
No. 1007. Robert V. Ferry et al., petitioners, v. Stewart L. Udall,
Secretary of the Interior, et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
United States Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit denied.
No. 1013. Louis J. Schwartz, petitioner, v. Rubenia Tanner. Peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Ohio denied.
No. 1014. Cities Service Oil Company, etc., petitioner, v. The
Arundel Corporation. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United
States Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit denied.
No. 971. Susie Ann Graham, petitioner, v. The Pennsylvania Rail-
road et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court
of Appeals for the District of Columbia Circuit denied. Mr. Justice

MONDAY, MAY 3, 1965
286
Black and Mr. Justice Goldberg are of the opinion that certiorari
should be granted and the judgment reversed based on the dissenting
opinion below of Judge J. Skelly Wright.
No. 481, Misc. James D. Brady, petitioner, v. Ohio. Petition for
writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Ohio denied.
No. 686, Misc. Edward J. Kern, petitioner, v. Alfred T. Rundle,
Superintendent, State Correctional Institution. Petition for writ of
certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the Third Circuit
denied.
No. 860, Misc. John Dean, petitioner, v. L. Green, Superintendent,
et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Ohio
denied.
No. 932, Misc. Billy Ferguson, petitioner, v. Georgia. Petition
for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Georgia denied.
No. 942, Misc. Howard Ogletree, petitioner, v. United States. Pe-
tion for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for
the Sixth Circuit denied.
No. 946, Misc. Leroy Boaz Dorton, petitioner, v. New York. Pe-
tition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals of New York
denied.
No. 950, Misc. Charles A. Armstrong, petitioner, v. United States.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the Seventh Circuit denied.
No. 951, Misc. Donald W. Paul, petitioner, v. Anthony J. Cele-
brezze, Secretary of the Department of Health, Education and Wel-
fare. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of
Appeals for the Ninth Circuit denied.
No. 984, Misc. Sally Jean Rood, petitioner, v. United States. Pe-
tition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for
the Eighth Circuit denied.
No. 991, Misc. Eugene A. Williams, petitioner, v. Thomas J. Mac-
Bride, Judge, United States District Court, Northern District of
California. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court
of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit denied.
No. 1000, Misc. James Leo Kirby, petitioner, v. United States.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the Ninth Circuit denied.
No. 1003, Misc. William H. Jackson, petitioner, v. Warden, Mary-
land Penitentiary. Petition for writ for certiorari to the United States
Court of Appeals for the Fourth Circuit denied.

MONDAY, MAY 3, 1965
287
No. 1035, Misc. Thomas Goins, petitioner, v. Victor G. Walker,
Warden. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court
of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 1069, Misc. Gordon Fink, petitioner, v. New York. Petition
for writ for certiorari to the Court of Appeals of New York denied.
LEAVE TO FILE PETITIONS FOR WRITS OF HABEAS CORPUS DENIED
No. 1044, Misc. Arnold T. Foster, petitioner, v. Otto C. Boles,
Warden;
No. 1072, Misc. Louis Hayward White, petitioner, v. Robert A.
Heinze, Warden;
No. 1087, Misc. Douglas Stiltner, petitioner, v. B. J. Rhay, Su-
perintendent, Washington State Penitentiary, et al.; and
No. 1104, Misc. Iva Kroeger, petitioner, v. California. Motions
for leave to file petitions for writs of habeas corpus denied.
No. 1054, Misc. Charles Arthur Gonzales, petitioner, v. Cali-
fornia;
No. 1089, Misc. Chester L. Edgerton, petitioner, v. North Caro-
lina;
No. 1090, Misc. Harvey Robert Downer, petitioner, v. California;
and
No. 1108, Misc. Ray C. Stevenson, petitioner, v. Richard A. Chap-
pell, Chairman of the Board of Paroles, et al. Motions for leave to
file petitions for writs of habeas corpus denied. Treating the papers
submitted as petitions for writs of certiorari, certiorari is denied.
LEAVE TO FILE PETITION FOR WRIT OF MANDAMUS DENIED
No. 941, Misc. Sherman H. Skolnick, petitioner, v. John S. Has-
tings et al. Motion for leave to file petition for a writ of mandamus
and/or prohibition and for other relief denied.
REHEARINGS DENIED
No. 21. Chicago and North Western Railway Company, appellant,
v. Chicago, Milwaukee, St. Paul & Pacific Railroad Company, et al.;
No. 887. The New York Central Railroad Company, petitioner, v.
Southern Railway Company; and
No. 504, Misc. Robert L. Ferrario, petitioner, v. Maurice H. Sig-
ler, Warden. Petitions for rehearing denied.
Adjourned until Monday, May 17, 1965, at 10 o'clock.
Х

MONDAY, MAY 17, 1965
288
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: Mr. Chief Justice Warren, Mr. Justice Black, Mr. Justice.
Douglas, Mr. Justice Clark, Mr. Justice Harlan, Mr. Justice Brennan,
Mr. Justice Stewart, Mr. Justice White, and Mr. Justice Goldberg.
ADMISSIONS TO THE BAR
Earl Levy, of Springfield, Va., John D. Schuyler, of Los Angeles,
Calif., Herbert Ashley Bernhard, of Los Angeles, Calif., Frederick J.
Whisman, of San Francisco, Calif., Eugene L. Wilpon, of Miami,
Fla., Rolfe D. Duggar, of St. Petersburg, Fla., James Louis Kelley,
of Washington, D.C., Joseph S. Mangano, of Delran, N.J.,
Louis Bindell, of New York, N.Y., Jack B. Ehrich, of New
York, N.Y., Edward Webb Keane, of New York, N.Y., Raymond S.
Troubh, of New York, N.Y., Martin S. Wagner, of New York, N.Y.,
Robert M. Draper, of Columbus, Ohio, Herbert L. Moody, Jr., of
Florence, S.C., Leon M. Kerry, of New York, N.Y., and Lee A.
Kamp, of Spokane, Wash., on motion of Mr. Solicitor General Archi-
bald Cox; William R. Butler, of Little Rock, Ark., and Omar Fairley
Greene, of Little Rock, Ark., on motion of Mr. John L. McClellan;
William O. E. Henry, of Bartow, Fla., on motion of Mr. Spessard L.
Holland; Laurier T. Raymond, Jr., of Lewiston, Maine, on motion of
Mr. William D. Hathaway; Jerome C. Gropman, of Detroit, Mich., and
George Gregory Mantho, of Detroit, Mich., on motion of Mr. John D.
Dingell; Edward J. Eng, of Los Angeles, Calif., on motion of Mr.
H. Allen Smith; John R. Lee, of Kermit, Tex., on motion of Mr.
Richard C. White; Lewis C. Carter, of Holton, Kans., Robert D.
Hecht, of Topeka, Kans., and George D. Wagstaff, of Tecumseh,
Kans., on motion of Mr. Joseph Skubitz; Reynolds C. Seitz, of Mil-
waukee, Wis., on motion of Judge Oscar H. Davis; John A. Mmahat,
of Metairie, La., on motion of Mr. Gillis W. Long; John Whitney
Pettit, of Washington, D.C., on motion of Mr. Gerald D. Morgan;
Michael L. Clements, of Louisville, Ky., on motion of Mr. Frank J.
Whalen, Jr.; Alfonso A. Aliberti, of Portland, Maine, on motion of
Mr. Edward G. Hudon; Ronald H. Bonaparte, of Los Angeles,
Calif., and Jerome H. Rhodes, of Los Angeles, Calif., on motion of
Mr. Robert Jordan Wager; John L. Crawford, of Kensington, Md.,
on motion of Mr. Paul E. Treusch: Oakley Webster Melton, Jr., of
(Montgomery, Ala., on motion of Mr. Wiley Messick; Grover B. Cobb,
Jr., of Houston, Tex., on motion of Mr. James D. McKinney, Jr.;
Walter Werner, of Redding, Conn., on motion of Mr. Bennett.
Boskey; Abraham Nemrow, of Boston, Mass., and Jack Norton, of
750-278-65-
--
72

MONDAY, MAY 17, 1965
289
Miami, Fla., on motion of Mr. Talmadge L. Bartelle; Michael Jon
Basford, of Detroit, Mich., Robert Winthrop Culver, of Detroit,
Mich., Robert G. Cutler, of Birmingham, Mich., Eugene L. Hartwig,
of Detroit, Mich., and Stuart D. Willson, of Detroit, Mich., on motion
of Mr. Harry S. Benjamin, Jr.; Nathalie V. Black, of Los Angeles,
Calif., on motion of Mr. Harold A. Black; Charles B. Roscopf, of
Helena, Ark., and David Solomon, of Helena, Ark., on motion of Mr.
Floyd Lee Williams; Richard L. Everson, of Viroqua, Wis., on
motion of Mr. Eugene J. Kaplan; Bruce David Patner, of Chicago,
Ill., on motion of Mr. Victor A. Altman; Ralph H. Eisendrath, of
Chicago, Ill., on motion of Mr. Bernard Joseph Waters; Bruce W.
Kauffman, of Philadelphia, Pa., on motion of Mr. Joseph B. Kauff-
man; Elias Abelson, of Princeton, N.J., on motion of Mr. Daniel
Goldstein; Raymond K. McKenzie, of Florence, S.C., on motion of Mr.
George R. Douglas, Jr.; David R. Cole, of Nashville, Tenn., on
motion of Mr. Stephen D. Potts; William Landau, of Boston, Mass.,
and Robert B. Milgroom, of Boston, Mass., on motion of Mr. Daniel
T. Coughlin; Victor Myer, of Chicago, Ill., on motion of Mr. Frank
L. Neuhauser; James Dewey Evans, of Birmingham, Ala., on motion
of Mr. Jess Larson; Carlton Glen Conkey, of Walla Walla, Wash.,
George Gordon Dowd, of Bellingham, Wash., Kenneth Wayne Drew,
of Corsicana, Tex., Frank A. Nelson, of Louisville, Ky., and Richard
Leonard Wilkins, of Providence, R.I., on motion of Mr. Anthony J.
DeVico; Leo Waldman, of Youngstown, Ohio, on motion of Mr. Earl
H. Davis; Glendon Bruce Boothe, of Bellevue, Wash., on motion of
Mr. Stanley Sender; Joseph Goldberg, of Bethesda, Md., and James
R. Beaird, of Alexandria, Va., on motion of Mr. Charles Donahue;
John Palmer Arness, of Washington, D.C., on motion of Mr. Frank
F. Roberson; Seymour Kanter, of Philadelphia, Pa., on motion of
Mr. A. Fred Freedman; John F. Kelly, of Chicago, Ill., on motion of
Mr. Fuller Holloway; Mason Lillard Hampton, Jr., of Lynbrook,
N.Y., and James Michael Marrin, of Floral Park, N.Y., on motion of
Mr. Berton V. Kramer; Thomas M. Macioce, of New York, N.Y., on
motion of Mr. John Hurford Sharon; I. Joseph Berger. of Cleveland,
Ohio, David Kirschenbaum, of Cleveland, Ohio, and Charles S. Tri-
carichi, of Cleveland, Ohio, on motion of Mr. Frederic J. Ball; David
Earl Seidelson, of Washington, D.C., Samuel Y. Stroh, of Pitts-
burgh, Pa., and Charles R. Whitehill, of Lewistown, Pa., on motion
of Mr. Monroe H. Freedman; Charles B. Thies, of St. Louis, Mo., on
motion of Mr. John H. Zentay; Donald C. Simpson, of Washington,
D.C., on motion of Mr. William Wade Beckett; Thomas Francis
Molanphy, of New York, N.Y., and John Joseph Hearn, of New
York, N.Y., on motion of Mr. George H. Hearn; F. John Karr, of
Fresno, Calif., on motion of Mr. Timothy V. A. Dillon; Walter M.

MONDAY, MAY 17, 1965
290
Nicholson, Jr., of Washington, D.C., on motion of Mr. Louis Fenner
Claiborne; Saul Blau, of Atlanta, Ga., Nancy S. Cheves, of Atlanta,
Ga., Carl E. Cone, of Atlanta, Ga., John H. David, Jr., of Atlanta,
Ga., James R. Dollar, Jr., of Atlanta, Ga., Frazer Durrett, Jr., of
Atlanta, Ga., Jack Paul Etheridge, of Atlanta, Ga., David Henry
Gambrell, of Atlanta, Ga., George H. Kasper, Jr., of Atlanta, Ga.,
John Somerville Knox, Jr., of Atlanta, Ga., Marie Leachman, of
Atlanta, Ga., Robert J. Lipshutz, of Atlanta, Ga., Kirk M. McAlpin,
of Atlanta, Ga., John Preston McKinley, of Atlanta, Ga., John H.
Mobley, II, of Atlanta, Ga., John J. O'Connor, of Atlanta, Ga.,
Edward C. Ownby, of Atlanta, Ga., Vester M. Ownby, of Atlanta,
Ga., Walter M. Rodgers, Jr., of Atlanta, Ga., Clifford N. Sears, of
Atlanta, Ga., Roland P. Smith, of Atlanta, Ga., Virgil H. Smith, of
Atlanta, Ga., Ted D. Spears, of Atlanta, Ga., Walter L. Susong, of
Atlanta, Ga., Robert G. Young, of Atlanta, Ga., Charles Thomas
Bass, Jr., of Avondale Estates, Ga., and R. Hopkins Kidd, of
Decatur, Ga., on motion of Mr. Charles Longstreet Weltner; Robert
E. Fulton, Jr., of Glenshaw, Pa., David R. Gold of Jeannette, Pa.,
John S. Wellington, of Meadville, Pa., Richard P. Anton, of Pitts-
burgh, Pa., Lorraine L. Bieno, of Pittsburgh, Pa., Cyril D. Brain, of
Pittsburgh, Pa., Alan Louis Ackerman, of Pittsburgh, Pa., Marvin J.
Apple, of Pittsburgh, Pa., David J. Armstrong, of Pittsburgh, Pa.,
Anton W. Bigman, of Pittsburgh, Pa., Abraham A. Bluestone, of
Pittsburgh, Pa., William G. Boyle, of Pittsburgh, Pa., Thomas H.
Cauley, of Pittsburgh, Pa., John J. Cohen, of Pittsburgh, Pa., Robert
Earl Dauer, of Pittsburgh, Pa., Samuel P. Delisi, of Pittsburgh. Pa.,
A. Ralph Ellis, of Pittsburgh, Pa., William L. Dornenburg, of Pitts-
burgh, Pa., John A. DeMay, of Pittsburgh, Pa., William J. Fahey, of
Pittsburgh, Pa., Andrew Newell Farley, of Pittsburgh, Pa., David B.
Fawcett, Jr., of Pittsburgh, Pa., Abraham S. Fingold, of Pittsburgh,
Pa., Reuben Fingold, of Pittsburgh, Pa., John R. Gavin, of Pitts-
burgh, Pa., Harold H. Goldman, of Pittsburgh, Pa., Morris B.
Greenberg, of Pittsburgh, Pa., Robert S. Grigsby of Pittsburgh, Pa.,
Joseph Kline, of Pittsburgh, Pa., Nathan Lipson, of Pittsburgh, Pa.,
Joseph Mark Maurizi, of Pittsburgh, Pa., Charles F. McKenna, of
Pittsburgh, Pa., Robert McKenzie, of Pittsburgh, Pa., William W.
McVay, of Pittsburgh, Pa., Gordon E. Neuenschwander, of Pitts-
burgh, Pa., Clarence B. Nixon, Jr., of Pittsburgh, Pa., David McNeil
Olds, of Pittsburgh, Pa., Robert T. Randig, of Pittsburgh, Pa.,
Sidney J. Sable, of Pittsburgh, Pa., Bessie K. Sack, of Pittsburgh,
Pa., Harton S. Semple, of Pittsburgh, Pa., Leo Ira Shapiro, of Pitts-
burgh, Pa., Herbert G. Sheinberg, of Pittsburgh, Pa., Silvestri Sil-
vestri, of Pittsburgh, Pa., J. Leonard Smith, Jr., of Pittsburgh. Pa.,
Thomas L. Snyder, of Pittsburgh, Pa., Thomas D. Thomson, of Pitts-

MONDAY, MAY 17, 1965
291
burgh, Pa., Richard L. Thornburgh, of Pittsburgh, Pa., Frank
Fleisher Troup, of Pittsburgh, Pa., John M. Webb, of Pittsburgh,
Pa., Andrew L. Weil, of Pittsburgh, Pa., and I. Martin Wekselman,
of Pittsburgh, Pa., on motion of Mr. Solicitor General Archibald
Cox; James M. Mulligan, Jr., of Wilmington, Del., Brereton Sturte-
vant, of Wilmington, Del., Bernard Hessler, Jr., of Wilmington, Del.,
Arthur J. Sullivan, of Wilmington, Del., Gerald Z. Berkowitz, of
Wilmington, Del., H. Alfred Tarrant, Jr., of Wilmington, Del.,
Donald C. Taylor, of Wilmington, Del.; James J. Walsh, of Wil-
mington, Del., Robert M. High, of Wilmington, Del., Peter Warren
Green, of Wilmington, Del., E. D. Griffenberg, Jr., of Wilmington,
Del., B. Wilson Redfearn, III, of Wilmington, Del., Henry Newton
Herndon, Jr., of Wilmington, Del., Edward W. Cooch, Jr., of Wil-
mington, Del., John Edward Wilson, Sr., of Wilmington, Del.,
Clarence W. Taylor, of Wilmington, Del., William F. Lynch, II, of
Wilmington, Del., William D. Bailey, Jr., of Wilmington, Del.,
David Nicol Williams, of Wilmington, Del., F. L. Peter Stone, of
Wilmington, Del., William F. Taylor, of Wilmington, Del., Richard
H. May, of Wilmington, Del., O. V. Suddard, of Wilmington, Del.,
Eugene H. Ballard, of Wilmington, Del., George L. Sands, of Wil-
mington, Del., Harvey Porter, of Wilmington, Del., Ottavio F.
Biondi, of Wilmington, Del., James T. McKinstry, of Wilmington,
Del., Howard M. Berg, of Wilmington, Del., Russell J. Willard, Jr.,
of Wilmington, Del., Robert W. Wakefield, of Wilmington, Del.,
Frederick Knecht, Jr., of Wilmington, Del., Robert V. Huber, of
Wilmington, Del., Douglas W. Troll, of Wilmington, Del., Donald
W. Booker, of Wilmington, Del., Thomas S. Lodge, of Wilmington,
Del., Jacob Balick, of Wilmington, Del., George C. Hering, III, of
Wilmington, Del., Morton E. Evans, of Wilmington, Del., Max S.
Bell, Jr., of Wilmington, Del., Philip Cohen, of Wilmington, Del.,
Joseph M. Kwiatkowski, of Wilmington, Del., Alfred M. Isaacs, of
Wilmington, Del., John F. Hyde, of Wilmington, Del., Joseph A.
Rosenthal, of Wilmington, Del., Edward J. Wilson, of Wilmington,
Del., Clyde M. England, Jr., of Wilmington, Del., James F. Kelleher,
of Wilmington, Del., Edward R. Kimmel, of Wilmington, Del.,
Albert F. Bower, of Wilmington, Del., Courtney H. Cummings, Jr.,
of Wilmington, Del., Warren B. Burt, of Wilmington, Del., Howard
T. Ennis, Jr., of Rehoboth, Del., and A. Dean Betts, of Seaford, Del.,
on motion of Mr. James Caleb Boggs; and William Patrick Doyle, of
Fort Lauderdale, Fla., Raymond I. Bruttomesso, of Park Ridge, Ill.,
Albert W. Frost, of West Hartford, Conn., Frederick T. Finigan, of
Riverside, Conn., Victor W. Dahar, of Manchester, N.H., Earl F. Gage,
of Berlin, N.H., William D. Tribble, of Jaffrey, N.H., Kenneth M.
Curtis, of Cape Elizabeth, Maine, John V. Keaney, of Portland, Maine,

MONDAY, MAY 17, 1965
292
Frank A. Carter, Jr., of Lincoln, R.I., Abraham Goldstein, of Cran-
ston, R.I., Earl F. Pasbach, of Providence, R.I., Irwin Norman Alberts,
of Woodside, N.Y., Edw. John Roder, of Rochester, N.Y., L. John
Cain, of Burlington, Vt., Clarke A. Gravel, of Burlington, Vt., Charles
1 A. Regan, of Washington, D.C., Vincent Henry Walker, of Bethesda,
Md., Charles A. Tobin, of Bethesda, Md., George Gomes, of Alexan-
dria, Va., Richard A. Francis, Jr., of Philadelphia, Pa., Paul K.
Duffey, of Philadelphia, Pa., Julian J. D'Agostine, Jr., of Acton,
Mass., John F. J. Reardon, of Arlington, Mass., Albert E. Boyle, of
Bedford, Mass., William F. Chisholm, of Belmont, Mass., Jeanne M.
Maloney, of Boston, Mass., Augustine P. Turnbull, of Boston, Mass.,
James J. Doherty, of Boston, Mass., Benjamin S. Freeman, of Bos-
ton, Mass., Edward I. Masterman, of Boston, Mass., Joseph J. Hur-
ley, of Boston, Mass., Ronald Robert Popeo, of Boston, Mass., Francis
J. DiMento, of Boston, Mass., Paul J. Burns, of Boston, Mass.,
Robert S. Lappin, of Boston, Mass., John F. Glynn, of Boston,
Mass., Joseph J. Galligan, of Boston, Mass., Anna M. Di Genio, of
Boston, Mass., James T. Grady, of Boston, Mass., John F. X. Gaquin,
of Boston, Mass., Frederick W. Roche, of Boston, Mass., Francis X.
Moran, of Boston, Mass., Colin W. Gillis, of Boston, Mass., Maurice
W. Silber, of Brookline, Mass., Cornelius F. Daly, Jr., of Brookline,
Mass., Donald N. Sleeper, Jr., of Burlington, Mass., Andrew T.
Trodden, of Cambridge, Mass., John M. Furlong, of Charlestown,
Mass., Richard D. Fountain, of Chelmsford, Mass., Robert P. Sulli-
van, of Chelmsford, Mass., Francis T. O'Malley, of Clinton, Mass.,
Francis C. Reynolds, of Everett, Mass., Neil J. Roche, of Franklin,
Mass., Irving L. Greenbaum, of Framingham, Mass., Richard T.
Hall, of Lowell, Mass., Robert G. Phelan, of Lynn, Mass., Bruce N.
Sachar, of Lynn, Mass., Shirley A. Phelan, of Lynn, Mass., Anthony
R. DiPietro, of Malden, Mass., Robert C. Currivan, of Mansfield,
Mass., Robert A. Donovan, of Medford, Mass., Harold Felix Ber-
tolucci, of Medford, Mass., Anthony P. Mondello, of Medford, Mass.,
Elwynn J. Miller, of Medford, Mass., James H. Noonan, of Need-
ham, Mass., Francis W. Murthur, of Newton, Mass., Melvin Norris, of
Newton, Mass., James P. D. Waters, of Newton Centre, Mass., Martin
J. Dolan, Jr., of Newtonville, Mass., Harold Katz, of Newtonville,
Mass., Grace M. Kendrigan, of Norwood, Mass., Ronald E. Oliveira,
of Pittsfield, Mass., Francis X. Bellotti, of Quincy, Mass., Joseph A.
Lombardi, of Randolph, Mass., Thomas M. Sullivan, of Randolph,
Mass., Richard E. Daly, of Salem, Mass., Anthony J. DiPerna, of
Somerville, Mass., Margaret J. Haney, of South Weymouth, Mass.,
Robert M. Casey, of Waltham, Mass., Margaret M. Heckler, of
Wellesley Hills, Mass., Eugene X. Giroux, of Weston, Mass., John
Warren Heffernan, of Weymouth, Mass., William H. McBain, of
750-278-65-73
1

1
293
MONDAY, MAY 17, 1965
Winchester, Mass., and Darald R. Libby, of Worcester, Mass., on
motion of Mr. Robert F. Drinan, were admitted to practice.
OPINIONS
No. 245. Waterman Steamship Corporation, petitioner, v. United
States. On writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the Fifth Circuit. Judgment affirmed. Opinion by Mr. Justice
Goldberg.
No. 489. United States, petitioner, v. Atlas Life Insurance Com-
pany. On writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the Tenth Circuit. Judgment reversed and case remanded to the
United States District Court for the Northern District of Oklahoma
for further proceedings in conformity with the opinion of this Court.
Opinion by Mr. Justice White.
No. 5, Original. The United States of America, plaintiff, v. The
State of California. Bill in equity. The report of the Special Master
is approved with the modifications set out in the opinion of this
Court. The parties, or either of them, may, before September 1,
1965, submit a proposed decree to carry the opinion into effect, fail-
ing which the Court will prepare and enter an appropriate decree at
the next Term of Court. Opinion by Mr. Justice Harlan. Dissent-
ing opinion by Mr. Justice Black with whom Mr. Justice Douglas
joins. Mr. Chief Justice Warren and Mr. Justice Clark took no part
in the consideration or decision of this case.
No. 347. Max Jaben, petitioner, v. United States. On writ of
certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the Eighth Cir-
cuit. Judgment affirmed. Opinion by Mr. Justice Harlan. Opinion
by Mr. Justice White with whom Mr. Justice Black joins concurring
the judgment. Opinion by Mr. Justice Goldberg with whom Mr.
Chief Justice Warren and Mr. Justice Douglas join concurring in
part and dissenting in part.
No. 464. L. W. Holt et al., petitioners, v. Virginia. On writ of
certiorari to the Supreme Court of Appeals of Virginia. Judgments
reversed and case remanded to the Supreme Court of Appeals of
Virginia for further proceedings not inconsistent with the opinion
of this Court. Opinion by Mr. Justice Black. Dissenting opinion
by Mr. Justice Harlan.
The Chief Justice said:
"The other orders of the Court have been certified by the Chief
Justice and filed with the Clerk and will not be announced orally."

MONDAY, MAY 17, 1965
OPINIONS PER CURIAM
294
No. 262. Commissioner of Internal Revenue, petitioner, v. Ray-
mond E. Cooper et al. On petition for writ of certiorari to the
United States Court of Appeals for the Fourth Circuit. Petition for
writ of certiorari granted, judgment reversed, and case remanded to
the Court of Appeals for further proceedings in conformity with the
opinion of this Court. Opinion per curiam. Mr. Justice Black and
Mr. Justice Goldberg dissent for the reasons stated in Mr. Justice
Goldberg's dissenting opinion in Paragon Jewel Coal Co. et al. v.
Comm'r Internal Revenue et al., Nos. 134 and 237, October Term,
1964, decided April 28, 1965.
No. 454. Nicholas J. O'Connell, Jr., etc., et al., petitioners, v.
Joseph V. Manning, etc., et al.; and
No. 455. American Airlines, Inc., petitioner, v. Joseph V. Manning,
etc., et al. On writs of certiorari to the United States Court of Ap-
peals for the Second Circuit. Motions of petitioners to vacate
granted. Judgment vacated and cases remanded to the United States
District Court for the Southern District of New York with directions
to dismiss the complaint as moot. Opinion per curiam. Mr. Justice
Goldberg took no part in the consideration or decision of these cases.
No. 789. Raymond D. Howell, petitioner, v. Ohio. On petition for
writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Ohio. Petition for writ
of certiorari granted, judgment vacated and case remanded to the
Supreme Court of Ohio for further consideration in light of Griffin
v. California, No. 202, October Term, 1964, decided April 28,
1965. Opinion per curiam. Mr. Chief Justice Warren took no part
in the consideration or decision of this case.
No. 967. Henry Turney, appellant, v. Arkansas. Appeal from the
Supreme Court of Arkansas. The motion to dismiss is granted and
the appeal is dismissed for want of jurisdiction. Treating the papers
whereon the appeal was taken as a petition for writ of certiorari,
certiorari is denied. Opinion per curiam.
No. 1000. Clarence H. McKinley, appellant, v. Chris A. Reilly
et al., etc. Appeal from the Supreme Court of Arizona. The motion
to dismiss is granted and the appeal is dismissed for want of a sub-
stantial federal question. Opinion per curiam.
No. 363, Misc. James Lanyon Killgore, petitioner, v. Olin G.
Blackwell, Warden. On petition for writ of certiorari to the United
States Court of Appeals for the Third Circuit. Motion to proceed in
forma pauperis and petition for writ of certiorari granted. Judgment
reversed and case remanded to the United States District Court for
the Middle District of Pennsylvania for further proceedings in con-
formity with the opinion of this Court. Opinion per curiam.
"

MONDAY, MAY 17, 1965
295
No. 994, Misc. Richard Allen, appellant, v. Stuart Hoffius et al.
Appeal from the United States Court of Appeals for the Sixth Cir-
cuit. The appeal is dismissed for want of jurisdiction. Treating the
papers whereon the appeal was taken as a petition for writ of
certiorari, certiorari is denied. Opinion per curiam.
No. 1031, Misc. George Watson, appellant, v. Missouri. Appeal
from the Supreme Court of Missouri. The appeal is dismissed for
want of jurisdiction. Treating the papers whereon the appeal was
taken as a petition for writ of certiorari, certiorari is denied. Opinion
! per curiam.
ORDERS IN PENDING CASES
No. 919, October Term, 1961. Jeanette E. Gondeck, petitioner,
v. Pan American World Airways, Inc., et al.; and
No. 543, October Term, 1963. United States, petitioner, v.
Maryland, for the use of Mary Jane Meyer et al. The respondents
are requested to file responses to the petitions for rehearing in these
cases within 30 days.
No. 6. Aaron Henry, petitioner, v. Mississippi. The motion of the
respondent to retax costs is denied.
No. 1015. United States, appellant, v. Lewis Food Company, Inc.
The motion to transfer this case to the United States Court of Ap-
peals for the Ninth Circuit is granted and the case is remanded to
that court pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 3731.
No. 1016. Eastern Air Lines, Inc., petitioner, v. Flight Engineers'
International Association et al.; and
No. 1027. Albert A. List, petitioner, v. Louis C. Lerner, etc., et al.
The Solicitor General is invited to file briefs in these cases expressing
the views of the United States.
No. 1152. William J. Scott, Treasurer of the State of Illinois and
member of the Illinois Electoral Board, et al., appellants, v. Joseph
Germano et al. The motion of the appellants for accelerated consid-
eration of this appeal is granted and the appellees are allowed seven
days to file responses to the statement as to jurisdiction. Mr. Justice.
Goldberg took no part in the consideration or decision of this motion.
APPEALS JURISDICTION NOTED
No. 750. United States, appellant, v. Clarence Ewell and Ronald
K. Dennis. Appeal from the United States District Court for the
Southern District of Indiana. The motion of the appellees for leave
to proceed in forma pauperis is granted. In this case probable juris-
diction noted and case placed on the summary calendar.
'

MONDAY, MAY 17, 1965
296
No. 1081. United States, appellant, v. Grinnell Corporation et al.;
No. 1083. Grinnell Corporation, appellant, v. United States;
No. 1084. American District Telegraph Company, appellant, v.
United States;
No. 1085. Holmes Electric Protective Company, appellant, v.
United States; and
No. 1086. Automatic Fire Alarm Company of Delaware, appellant,
v. United States. Appeals from the United States District Court for
the District of Rhode Island. In these cases probable jurisdiction
noted. Cases consolidated and a total of two hours allowed for oral
argument.
CERTIORARI GRANTED
No. 265. William Albertson et al., petitioners, v. Subversive Activ-
ities Control Board. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United
States Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia Circuit granted.
1 Mr. Justice White took no part in the consideration or decision of
this petition.
CERTIORARI DENIED
No. 620. Real Estate Investment Trust of America et al., peti-
tioners, v. Commissioner of Internal Revenue. Petition for writ of
certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the First Circuit
denied.
No. 864. Nels Irwin, petitioner, v. United States. Petition for
writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the Ninth
Circuit denied.
No. 924. James Allegretti, petitioner, v. United States;
No. 925. Louis Darlak, petitioner, v. United States; and
No. 926. David Falzone, petitioner, v. United States. Petitions
for writs of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the
Seventh Circuit denied.
No. 927. Jack E. Fore, petitioner, v. United States. Petition for
writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the Fifth
Circuit denied.
No. 933. Andrew J. Easter et ux., petitioners, v. Commissioner of
Internal Revenue. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Court of Appeals for the Fourth Circuit denied.
No. 946. AAA Con Drivers Exchange, Inc., et al., petitioners, v.
Interstate Commerce Commission. Petition for writ of certiorari to
the United States Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit denied.
No. 978. B. Ray Robbins Co., Inc., petitioner, v. Valley National
Bank of Arizona. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit denied.
'
"

'
MONDAY, MAY 17, 1965
No. 997. Lenine Strollo, petitioner, v. United States; and
297
No. 1011. Vincent Serman, petitioner, v. United States. Petitions
for writs of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the
Sixth Circuit denied.
No. 1003. Lois Betty Boundy, petitioner, v. California. Petition
for writ of certiorari to the District Court of Appeal of California,
Second Appellate District, denied.
No. 1008. Amil A. Dinsio, petitioner, v. Ohio. Petition for writ
of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Ohio denied.
No. 1018. A. G. V. Associates, Inc, petitioner, v. Jeremiah F. Cross,
etc. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of
Appeals for the Second Circuit denied.
No. 1019. John Kent Smith, petitioner, v. United States. Petition
for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the
Fourth Circuit denied.
No. 1021. Haney Mims, petitioner, v. United States. Petition for
writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the
Seventh Circuit denied.
No. 1022. Brotherhood of Railroad Trainmen Insurance Depart-
ment, Inc., petitioner, v. William Charles Ellgass. Petition for writ
of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the Ninth
Circuit denied.
No. 1029. Pacific National Insurance Company, petitioner, v.
Transport Insurance Company. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
United States Court of Appeals for the Eighth Circuit denied.
No. 1031. Capitol Airways, Inc., petitioner, v. The Airline Pilots
Association, International. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
United States Court of Appeals for the Sixth Circuit denied.
No. 1036. Allan Herschell Co., Inc., et al., petitioners, v. United
States Fidelity and Guaranty Company et al. Petition for writ of
certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit
denied.
No. 1037. Janaf, Incorporated, petitioner, v. Victor J. Orsinger.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the District of Columbia Circuit denied.
No. 1038. Plaza Liquor Store, Inc., petitioner, v. City of Atlanta.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Georgia
denied.
No. 1051. District Council of Painters, No. 48, etc., petitioner, v.
National Labor Relations Board. Petition for writ of certiorari to
the United States Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit denied.

MONDAY, MAY 17, 1965
298
No. 1058. H. M. Harrington, Jr., petitioner, v. Texaco, Inc.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 1064. Regine Irene Calef, petitioner, v. George K. Rosenberg,
District Director, etc., et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
United States Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit denied.
No. 814. Alf M. Landon, petitioner, v. Northern Natural Gas Com-
pany. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of
Appeals for the Tenth Circuit denied. Mr. Justice White took no
part in the consideration or decision of this petition.
No. 938. Monolith Portland Cement Co., petitioner, v. R. A. Rid-
dell, District Director of Internal Revenue, Los Angeles District.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the Ninth Circuit denied. Mr. Justice White took no part in the
consideration or decision of this petition.
No. 834. Frank Nick Zizzo et al., petitioners, v. United States.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the Seventh Circuit denied. Mr. Justice Douglas is of the opinion
that certiorari should be granted. Mr. Justice White took no part in
the consideration or decision of this petition.
No. 1006. T. B. Harms Company, petitioner, v. Edward Eliscu
et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of
Appeals for the Second Circuit denied. Mr. Justice Goldberg took
no part in the consideration or decision of this petition.
No. 1028. Melvin Jones et al., petitioners, v. United States. Motion
to dispense with printing petition for certiorari granted. Petition
for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the
Fifth Circuit denied. Mr. Justice Douglas is of the opinion that
certiorari should be granted.
No. 388, Misc. Joseph Marchese, petitioner, v. New York. Peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals of New York
denied.
No. 440, Misc. Roland Spencer, petitioner, v. New York. Petition
for writ of certiorari to the Appellate Division of the Supreme Court
of New York, Second Judicial Department, denied.
No. 692, Misc. Benny Peoples, petitioner, v. United States. Peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for
the Tenth Circuit denied.
No. 749, Misc. Mike Romanello, petitioner, v. Florida; and
No. 750, Misc. John Aaron Peacock, petitioner, v. Florida. Peti-
tions for writs of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Florida denied.

MONDAY, MAY 17, 1965
299
No. 755, Misc. Ralph Michael Lepiscopo, petitioner, v. Donald A.
MacGrath. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court
of Appeals for the Third Circuit denied.
No. 791, Misc. Robert William Losieau, petitioner, v. Maurice H.
Sigler, Warden. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Court of Appeals for the Eighth Circuit denied.
No. 802, Misc. Alexander Henry Smith, petitioner, v. United
States. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of
Appeals for the Fourth Circuit denied.
No. 865, Misc. Jimmie W. Sullivan, petitioner, v. J. C. Taylor,
Warden. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of
Appeals for the Tenth Circuit denied.
No. 869, Misc. Frank Cook, petitioner, v. E. L. Maxwell, Warden.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Ohio denied.
No. 875, Misc. Clarence Tucker, petitioner, v. Indiana. Petition
for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Indiana denied.
No. 889, Misc. Earl A. Leyde, petitioner, v. B. J. Rhay, Super-
intendent, Washington State Penitentiary. Petition for writ of
certiorari to the Superior Court of Washington, Walla Walla County,
denied.
No. 891, Misc. Francis Haines, petitioner, v. Ross V. Randolph,
Warden. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of
Appeals for the Seventh Circuit denied.
No. 954, Misc. Oscar Bjornsen, petitioner, v. New York. Petition
for writ of certiorari to the Appellate Division of the Supreme Court
of New York, First Judicial Department, denied.
No. 961, Misc. George E. Dunford, petitioner, v. Virginia. Peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Appeals of
Virginia denied.
No. 964, Misc. Ernest F. Boruski, Jr., petitioner, v. Securities and
Exchange Commission. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United
States Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit denied.
No. 977, Misc. Manuel Lee Matysek, petitioner, v. United States.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the Ninth Circuit denied.
No. 986, Misc. Kenneth Basha, petitioner, v. Michigan. Petition
for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Michigan denied.
No. 999, Misc. Robert Middleton, petitioner, v. Edward M. Fay,
Warden. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of
Appeals for the Second Circuit denied.

MONDAY, MAY 17, 1965
300
No. 1001, Misc. Clarence Reeves, petitioner, v. Louie L. Wain-
wright, Director, Division of Corrections. Petition for writ of
certiorari to the Supreme Court of Florida denied.
No. 1005, Misc. Otis Loper, petitioner, v. John Connally et al.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Criminal Appeals of
Texas denied.
No. 1012, Misc. William Leon Wallace, petitioner, v. United
States. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of
Appeals for the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 1017, Misc. Lewis O. Dutton, petitioner, v. Warden, Tennes-
see State Prison. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Court of Appeals for the Sixth Circuit denied.
No. 1028, Misc. Jesse B. Ellis, petitioner, v. Supreme Court of
California. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit denied.
No. 1030, Misc. Luis Manuel Rosario, petitioner, v. New York.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals of New York
denied.
No. 1032, Misc. Salvador Gallegos, petitioner, v. Harold A. Cox,
Warden. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court
of Appeals for the Tenth Circuit denied.
No. 1034, Misc. John F. Kerns, petitioner, v. United States. Peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for
the Ninth Circuit denied.
No. 1036, Misc. Milton Carl Justus, petitioner, v. New Mexico.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of New Mexico
denied.
No. 1039, Misc. Robert S. Watts, petitioner, v. C. C. Peyton,
Superintendent, Virginia State Penitentiary. Petition for writ of
certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the Fourth
Circuit denied.
No. 1041, Misc. Eddie B. Parker, petitioner, v. E. L. Maxwell,
Warden. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court
of Appeals for the Sixth Circuit denied.
No. 1042, Misc. Benjamin Thomas Guerrieri, petitioner, v. E. L.
Maxwell, Warden, et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
Supreme Court of Ohio denied.
No. 1049, Misc. John Robert Ballay, petitioner, v. Harry C. Tins-
ley, Warden. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court
of Colorado denied.
No. 1050, Misc. Eddie B. Santos, petitioner, v. California. Peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of California denied.

MONDAY, MAY 17, 1965
301
No. 1081, Misc. Robert E. Greene, Jr., petitioner, v. Michigan
Department of Corrections et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to
the United States Court of Appeals for the Sixth Circuit denied.
No. 1092, Misc. Henry Valles Borbon, petitioner, v. Clerk, Su-
perior Court, County of Kings, Hanford, California, et al. Petition
for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of California denied.
No. 1111, Misc. Harold Konigsberg, petitioner, v. Warden Koson,
Bellevue Hospital Prison Ward, New York, New York. Petition
for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the
Second Circuit denied.
No. 1131, Misc. Audry Mack Lane, petitioner, v. United States.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 198, Misc. Thomas Kling, petitioner, v. New York. Petition
for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals of New York denied.
Mr. Justice Douglas is of the opinion that certiorari should be
granted.
No. 298, Misc. Joel Smith, petitioner, v. New York. Petition for
writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals of New York denied.
Mr. Justice Douglas is of the opinion that certiorari should be
granted.
No. 785, Misc. Joseph E. Lewis, petitioner, v. United States.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the District of Columbia Circuit denied. Mr. Justice Douglas is
of the opinion that certiorari should be granted.
No. 665, Misc. Rudolph Jerome Austin, petitioner, v. Florida.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Florida
denied without prejudice to an application for a writ of habeas corpus
in the appropriate United States District Court.
No. 982, Misc. Joseph Edward Evans, petitioner, v. Nicholas deB.
Katzenbach, etc., et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United
States Court of Appeals for the Third Circuit and for other relief
denied.
LEAVE TO FILE PETITIONS FOR WRITS OF HABEAS CORPUS DENIED
No. 608, Misc. Wilber E. Farrington, petitioner, v. Ralph H.
Tahash, Warden;
No. 1123, Misc. James Fisher, alias James Mueller, petitioner, v.
'Illinois; and
No. 1143, Misc. Walter Eugene Joseph, petitioner, v. Joseph C.
Vitek, Warden. Motions for leave to file petitions for writs of
habeas corpus denied.
1
1
1

1
MONDAY, MAY 17, 1965
302
No. 1162, Misc. Larry Gunter, petitioner, v. George A. Kropp,
Warden; and
No. 1166, Misc. Samuel J. Dixon, petitioner, v. Lawrence E. Wil-
son, Warden. Motions for leave to file petitions for writs of habeas
corpus denied. Treating the papers submitted as petitions for writs
of certiorari, certiorari is denied.
LEAVE TO FILE PETITIONS FOR WRITS OF MANDAMUS DENIED
No. 1023, Misc. Gerald L. Stone, petitioner, v. United States
Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit; and
No. 1045, Misc. Frank Chase, petitioner, v. Superior Court for
Grays Harbor County, Washington, et al. Motions for leave to file
petitions for writs of mandamus denied.
REHEARINGS DENIED
No. 113. Joseph M. Thomas et ux., petitioners, v. United States;
No. 193. Frank Romano et al., petitioners, v. United States;
No. 865. Athanasios Patsis a/k/a Thomas Nickas, petitioner, v.
Immigration and Naturalization Service;
No. 897. James M. Casida et al., petitioners, v. International Union
of Operating Engineers, AFL-CIO, et al.;
No. 886, Misc. Richard M. James, petitioner, v. S. A. Anderson,
Superintendent, District of Columbia Jail, et al.; and
No. 893, Misc. James Edward Graves, petitioner, v. Texas. Peti-
tions for rehearing denied.
No. 64. Robert Swain, petitioner, v. Alabama. Motion of the
American Civil Liberties Union for leave to file a brief, as amicus
curiae, in support of rehearing, granted. Petition for rehearing
denied.
RECESS ORDER
The Court will take a recess from today until Monday, May 24,
1965.
Adjourned until Monday, May 24, 1965, at 10 o'clock.
Х

MONDAY, MAY 24, 1965
303
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: Mr. Chief Justice Warren, Mr. Justice Black, Mr. Justice
Douglas, Mr. Justice Clark, Mr. Justice Harlan, Mr. Justice Brennan,
Mr. Justice Stewart, Mr. Justice White, and Mr. Justice Goldberg.
ADMISSIONS TO THE BAR
Frank J. Huckaba, of Mountain Home, Ark., Joseph William Goss,
of Oxnard Beach, Calif., George Zucker, of Beverly Hills, Calif.,
Jerome Pastor, of Beverly Hills, Calif., James L. Allen, of Spring-
field, Mass., Tatum R. Stacy, of Jackson, Miss., Bedros Odian, of
Buffalo, N.Y., John F. Skahen, of Stony Point, N.Y., Phillip A.
Thielman, of Buffalo, N.Y., Keith W. Brannock, of Columbus, Ohio,
Robert N. Gygi, of Portland, Oreg., Jack B. Peden, of San Antonio,
Tex., I. Daniel Stewart, Jr., of Washington, D.C., John F. Keeley, of
Chicago, Ill., and Loyd M. Starrett, of Boston, Mass., on motion of
Mr. Ralph Simon Spritzer; Ross D. Copenhaver, of Powell, Wyo., on
motion of Mr. Milward L. Simpson; Adam M. Duncan, of Salt Lake
City, Utah, on motion of Mr. Frank E. Moss; Frances Catherine
Royce, of Mount St. Joseph, Ohio, on motion of Mr. Philip A. Hart;
Kathleen Handley Sauerbrunn, of McKinney, Tex., on motion of Mr.
Graham Purcell; Andrew A. Semmelman, of Lake Forest, Ill., and
Bruno W. Stanczak, of Libertyville, Ill., on motion of Mr. Robert
McClory; Seabury Hurd Ford, of Ravenna, Ohio, on motion of Mr.
William E. Minshall; Ida E. Campbell, of Fresno, Calif., and Louis
Lee Abbott, of Los Angeles, Calif., on motion of Mr. John J. McFall;
Winston Mills Fisk, of Claremont, Calif., on motion of Mr. John W.
Cragun; Portia F. Schaefer, of Covington, Ky., and Frank Dana
Emerson, of Cincinnati, Ohio, on motion of Mr. Manuel F. Cohen;
Craig Lee Austin, of San Antonio, Tex., on motion of Mr. William S.
Fulton, Jr.; Joseph Charles Daley, of Matawan, N.J., on motion of
Mr. David Ferber; James Andrew Mitchell, of Washington, D.C., on
motion of Mr. Bernard Fensterwald, Jr.; Patrick Neil McTeague, of
Brunswick, Maine, on motion of Mr. William R. Newsome; Charles
J. Zaloudek, of Champaign, Ill., Arthur L. Roule, Jr., of LaPorte,
Ind., and Thomas Leonidas White, of Miami, Fla., on motion of Mr.
David Leib; John Eugene Walheim, of Philadelphia, Pa., George
Ronald Specter, of Pittsburgh, Pa., Robert W. Cunliffe, of Lansford,
Pa., Edward Cohen, of Philadelphia, Pa., and Robert H. Knight, of
New York, N.Y., on motion of Mr. Francis P. Cadran; Anthony G.
Amsterdam, of Philadelphia, Pa., on motion of Mr. Philip Benjamin
Heymann; Alvin John Savinell, of Steubenville, Ohio, on motion of
750-278-65-—74
1
1

MONDAY, MAY 24, 1965
304
Mr. Philip B. Billings; William Jackson Garber, of Washington,
D.C., on motion of Mr. James J. Laughlin; William L. Guilfoyle, of
San Francisco, Calif., on motion of Mr. Jerome C. Muys; John Wil-
liam Colleran, of New Haven, Conn., on motion of Mr. George A.
Avery; Teresa Cecelia Campbell, of New York, N.Y., and Wallace R.
Baker, of Chicago, Ill., on motion of Mr. Walter Slowinski; William
E. Gray, of Houston, Tex., on motion of Mr. Bernard J. Waters;
Clyde L. Griffith, of Arlington, Va., on motion of Mr. Edward S.
Whitaker; Lester L. Bates, Jr., of Columbia, S.C., on motion of Mr.
Frank Slatinshek; John F. McGrath, of Duluth, Minn., on motion of
Mr. Samuel K. Abrams; Edward Stehl III, of Bowling Green, Va.,
on motion of Mr. Quinlan H. Hancock; William M. Lewers, of Notre
Dame, Ind., on motion of Mr. Vincent T. Wasilewski; Paul A. Nalty,
of New Orleans, La., on motion of Mr. Will Ernest Leonard, Jr.;
James Edward Harvey, Jr., of Herndon, Va., on motion of Mr. Albert
Raby, Jr.; Robert Allen Eastman, of Costa Mesa, Calif., on motion of
Mr. Herbert J. Jacobi, Sr.; Newman Thorbus Halvorson, Jr., of
Washington, D.C., and Richard Alan Brady, of Washington, D.C., on
motion of Mr. John T. Sapienza; John James Geraghty, of Raleigh,
N.C., on motion of Mr. William McWhorter Cochrane; Morton Brum-
ley Stewart, of Richmond, Va., on motion of Mr. Marion Maxwell
Caskie, Jr.; George N. Van Fleet, of Syracuse, N.Y., on motion
of Mr. Courtney E. Whitney, Jr.; Jeffrey Peter Kuklin, of New
York, N.Y., and Anthony Bennett Kuklin, of New York, N.Y.,
on motion of Mr. Norman Bennett Kuklin; Francis M. Cooper, of
Chicago, Ill., on motion of Mr. Edwin G. Schuck; John Robert
Cohan, of Beverly Hills, Calif., on motion of Mr. William C.
Golden; Stephen M. Schwebel, of New York, N.Y., on motion of Mr.
Herbert K. Reis; George Alexander Bartlett, of Jefferson City, Mo.,
and Robert W. Letendre, of Ithaca, N.Y., on motion of Mr. Albert J.
Esgain; Narcisse A. Brown, of Chicago, Ill., and Richard B. Sobol,
of New York, N.Y., on motion of Mr. Frederick M. Rowe; Raymond
E. Gallagher, Jr., of Brooklyn, N.Y., on motion of Mr. A. Kenneth
Pye; Cade Lee Austin, of Greensboro, N.C., on motion of Mr. Alfred
W. Trueax; James E. Hogan, of Rockville, Md., on motion of Mr.
Arthur J. Hilland; Robert J. Carson, of Havre de Grace, Md., Ben-
jamin R. Civiletti, of Baltimore, Md., J. Edward Davis, of Baltimore,
Md., Robert W. Kernan, of Berwyn Heights, Md., J. Hardin Marion,
of Baltimore, Md., Daniel F. McMullen, Jr., of Baltimore, Md., Daniel
W. Moylan, of Hagerstown, Md., Arthur G. Murphy, Sr., of Balti-
more, Md., and Stephen H. Sachs, of Baltimore, Md., on motion of Mr.
Joseph Davies Tydings; H. Hayden Morgan, of Adrian, W. Va.,
Robert Wesley Hite, of Denver, Colo., Maitland Guy Freed, of Greens-
boro, N.C., Dan Donato, Jr., of Springfield, Va., Thomas Fleetwood
Hairston, of Stuart, Va., Edward Allen Rote, of Los Angeles, Calif.,

MONDAY, MAY 24, 1965
305
and Manley Burt Wade, of Waimea, Kauai, Hawaii, on motion of Mr.
Anthony J. DeVico; Bruce G. Booth, of Bloomfield Hills, Mich.,
George Cherpelis, of Detroit, Mich., Donald A. Knapp, of Dearborn,
Mich., John Patrick Raleigh, of Detroit, Mich., Julius L. Russu, of
Detroit, Mich., John K. Schuesler, of Dearborn, Mich., and Charles R.
Sharp, of Detroit, Mich., on motion of Mr. Edward J. McGratty, Jr.;
Carl Knute Carlsen, of Taylor, Mich., Patrick G. Casey, of Lincoln
Park, Mich., Roy B. Cicotte, of Allen Park, Mich., Raymond P.
Franks, of Franklin, Mich., Arthur J. Heidt, Jr., of Dearborn Heights,
Mich., William R. Kliber, of Taylor, Mich., John H. McCartney, of
Inkster, Mich., Roy A. McGinty, of Melvindale, Mich., Walter LeRoy
Morrison, of Melvindale, Mich., John A. Mowatt, of Allen Park, Mich.,
Ralph F. Pagnucco, of Allen Park, Mich., George R. Perry, of
Inkster, Mich., Theodore J. Sura, of Beverly Hills, Mich., Bruce R.
Tamsen, of Allen Park, Mich., Victor Targonski, of Wyandotte,
Mich., Michael W. Bradley, of Wayne, Mich., Douglas W. Craig, of
Wayne, Mich., Adam J. Dadaou, of Wayne, Mich., Murray J. Millar,
of Wayne, Mich., William K. Necker, of Wayne, Mich., and Richard
B. Weinberg, of Wayne, Mich., on motion of Mr. William David
Ford; Joseph A. Bongiorno, of New York, N.Y., Bernard N. Del
Bello, Jr., of Garden City, N.Y., John Gardner, of Riverdale, N.Y.,
Richard M. Sussman, of Tarrytown, N.Y., Alfred B. Del Bello, of
Yonkers, N.Y., Bernard N. Del Bello, of Yonkers, N.Y., Nicholas M.
Di Costanzo, of Yonkers, N.Y., M. Victor Di Fede, of Yonkers, N.Y.,
James Lloyd Gifford, of Yonkers, N.Y., Charles A. Glick, of Yonkers,
N.Y., Robert Greenwald, of Yonkers, N.Y., Robert G. Hayduk, of
Yonkers, N.Y., Gerald Joseph Hurwitz, of Yonkers, N.Y., Charles J.
Macellaro, of Yonkers, N.Y., Nazareth Magarian, of Yonkers, N.Y.,
Peter P. Rosato, of Yonkers, N.Y., Daniel Sunshine, of Yonkers, N.Y.,
and James J. Tubridy, of Yonkers, N.Y., on motion of Mr. Richard
Lawrence Ottinger; Robert Alan Kelly, of Jersey City, N.J., George
H. Larned, of Ridgewood, N.J., Robert C. Johnston, of New York,
N.Y., Donald F. McCarthy, of New York, N.Y., John O'Callahan, of
New York, N.Y., Judson A. Parsons, Jr., of New York, N.Y., Ben-
jamin T. Richards, Jr., of New York, N.Y., Edward N. Sherry, of
New York, N.Y., Robert W. Wilson, of New York, N.Y., Leonard P.
Larrabee, Jr., of New Rochelle, N.Y., and Walter W. Kocher, of Tar-
rytown, N.Y., on motion of Mr. Charles C. MacLean, Jr.; and William
Newton Bower, of Swarthmore, Pa., Reese A. Davis, of Wayne, Pa.,
Francis Patrick Desmond, of Wallingford, Pa., F. Martin Duus, of
Swarthmore, Pa., F. D. Hennessy, Jr., of Lansdowne, Pa., Alphonsus
R. Romeika, of Philadelphia, Pa., Ione T. Romeika, of Rosemont, Pa.,
6 Gerald I. Roth, of Allentown, Pa., Robert M. Seibert, of Lansdowne,
Pa., Donald J. Swanick, of Havertown, Pa., Albert M. Weitzmann, of
i

MONDAY, MAY 24, 1965
306
Broomall, Pa., James C. Brennan, of Chester, Pa., Esther F. Clark,
of Chester, Pa., John H. Clark, Jr., of Chester, Pa., Joseph W.
deFuria, of Chester, Pa., Murray S. Eckell, of Chester, Pa., Donald
Snyder Guthrie, of Chester, Pa., Edward Kassab, of Chester, Pa.,
Charles C. Keeler, of Chester, Pa., Charles P. Larkin, Jr., of Chester,
Pa., Clement J. McGovern, Jr., of Chester, Pa., Francis Gabriel
Pileggi, of Chester, Pa., Morris Smith, of Chester, Pa., William Don-
ald Sparks, of Chester, Pa., Anna Iwachiw Vadino, of Chester, Pa.,
Francis P. Connors, of Media, Pa., John P. Currie, of Media, Pa.,
Joseph T. Doyle, of Media, Pa., Harry F. Dunn, Jr., of Media, Pa.,
Charles F. Knapp, of Media, Pa., Robert J. Levis, of Media, Pa., John
J. Maffei, of Media, Pa., George J. McConchie, of Media, Pa., James
Nelson Robertson, of Media, Pa., Edward Rocap, of Media, Pa.,
Arnold E. Rubin, of Media, Pa., Ivan B. Sinclair, of Media, Pa., Wil-
liam Howard Turner, of Media, Pa., Bernard P. Carey, Jr., of Upper
Darby, Pa., John J. Crane, of Upper Darby, Pa., Thomas C. Dick, of
Upper Darby, Pa., Thomas J. Feeney, Jr., of Upper Darby, Pa.,
James B. Frederick, of Upper Darby, Pa., Ernest Thomas Kardas, of
Upper Darby, Pa., John B. Lynch, of Upper Darby, Pa., Stephen
McEwen, Jr., of Upper Darby, Pa., John T. Mulligan, of Upper
Darby, Pa., Littleton Waller Roberts, Jr., of Wayne, Pa., Douglas D.
Royal, of Wayne, Pa., and Henry L. Smaltz, of Wayne, Pa., on motion
of Mr. Mervyn Russell Turk, were admitted to practice.
OPINIONS
No. 291. Minnesota Mining and Manufacturing Company, peti-
tioner, v. New Jersey Wood Finishing Company. On writ of cer-
tiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the Third Circuit.
Judgment affirmed. Opinion by Mr. Justice Clark. Dissenting opin-
ion by Mr. Justice Black. Dissenting opinion by Mr. Justice Gold-
berg. Mr. Justice Harlan and Mr. Justice Stewart took no part in
the decision of this case.
No. 491. Corliss Lamont, doing business as Basic Pamphlets, ap-
pellant, v. Postmaster General of the United States. Appeal from the
United States District Court for the Southern District of New York;
and
No. 848. John F. Fixa, individually and as Postmaster, San Fran-
cisco, California, et al., appellants, v. Leif Heilberg. Appeal from the
United States District Court for the Northern District of California.
Judgment in No. 491 reversed and case remanded to the United States
District Court for the Southern District of New York for further
proceedings in conformity with the opinion of this Court. Judgment
in No. 848 affirmed. Opinion by Mr. Justice Douglas. Concurring

MONDAY, MAY 24, 1965
307
opinion by Mr. Justice Brennan with whom Mr. Justice Goldberg
joins. Mr. Justice Harlan concurs in the judgment of the Court on
the grounds set forth in the concurring opinion. Mr. Justice White
took no part in the consideration or decision of these cases.
No. 482. Federal Communications Commission, petitioner, v. Taft
B. Schreiber et al. On writ of certiorari to the United States Court
of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit. Judgment of Court of Appeals
modified so as to strike paragraph 2 of the order of the United States
District Court for the Southern District of California and case re-
manded to the District Court with directions to enforce the orders of
the Federal Communications Commission and subpoena without quali-
fication. Opinion by Mr. Chief Justice Warren.
No. 843. Paul V. Case, petitioner, v. Nebraska. On writ of cer-
tiorari to the Supreme Court of Nebraska. Judgment vacated and
case remanded to the Supreme Court of Nebraska for reconsideration
in light of the supervening statute. Opinion per curiam announced
by Mr. Chief Justice Warren. Concurring opinion by Mr. Justice
Clark. Concurring opinion by Mr. Justice Brennan.
The Chief Justice said:
"The other orders of the Court have been certified by the Chief Jus-
tice and filed with the Clerk and will not be announced orally."
OPINIONS PER CURIAM
No. 775. Columbia Artists Management et al., appellants, v. United
States et al. Appeal from the United States District Court for the
Southern District of New York. The motion to affirm is granted and
the judgment is affirmed. Opinion per curiam. Dissenting: Mr.
Justice Harlan, Mr. Justice Stewart, and Mr. Justice Goldberg. Mr.
Justice Douglas took no part in the consideration or decision of this
case.
No. 957. James Fred Baxa et al., petitioners, v. United States. On
petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the Seventh Circuit. Petition for writ of certiorari granted,
judgment vacated, and case remanded to the United States District
Court for the Southern District of Illinois for a new trial. Opinion
per curiam.
No. 1002. J. G. Samara et al., appellants, v. The Oklahoma Capitol
Improvement Authority. Appeal from the Supreme Court of Okla-
homa. The motion to dismiss is granted and the appeal is dismissed
for want of jurisdiction. Treating the papers whereon the appeal
was taken as a petition for writ of certiorari, certiorari is denied.
Opinion per curiam.
750-278-65--75

MONDAY, MAY 24, 1965
308
No. 1034. Haskell Billy, appellant, v. Oklahoma. Appeal from
the Court of Criminal Appeals of Oklahoma. The appeal is dismissed
for want of jurisdiction. Treating the papers whereon the appeal
was taken as a petition for writ of certiorari, certiorari is denied.
Opinion per curiam.
No. 1072. Mardon R. Walker, petitioner, v. Georgia. On petition
for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Georgia. Petition for
writ of certiorari granted, judgment reversed, and case remanded to
the Supreme Court of Georgia for further proceedings not incon-
sistent with the opinion of this Court. Opinion per curiam. Mr.
Justice Stewart would vacate judgment and remand case to the Su-
preme Court of Georgia for reconsideration in the light of super-
vening federal legislation, in acordance with the views expressed in his
dissenting opinion in Hamm v. City of Rock Hill, 379 U.S. 306, 326.
Mr. Justice Black, Mr. Justice Harlan, and Mr. Justice White would
affirm the judgment of the Supreme Court of Georgia for the reasons
stated in their dissenting opinions in Hamm v. City of Rock Hill, 379
U.S. 306.
No. 363, Misc. James Lanyon Killgore, petitioner, v. Olin G.
Blackwell, Warden. On petiton for writ of certiorari to the United
States Court of Appeals for the Third Circuit. The per curiam
opinion heretofore issued in this case on May 17, 1965, is hereby
amended to read as follows: "Motion for leave to proceed in forma
pauperis and petition for writ of certiorari granted. Judgment re-
versed and case remanded to the United States District Court for the
Middle District of Pennsylvania with instructions to reinstate peti-
tioner's adult sentence of October 19, 1962, and release him in accord-
ance with the terms of that sentence." Opinion per curiam.
No. 1117, Misc. Joseph T. McLeod, petitioner, v. Ohio. On peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Ohio. Motion for
leave to proceed in forma pauperis and petition for writ of certiorari
granted. Judgment reversed and case remanded to the Supreme Court
of Ohio for further proceedings not inconsistent with the opinion of
this Court. Opinion per curiam.
ORDER IN PENDING CASE
No. 1140, Misc. In the Matter of the Disbarment of Bernard J.
Hammett.
It having been reported to the Court that Bernard J. Hammett of
Silver Spring, State of Maryland, has been disbarred from the prac-
tice of the law by judgment of the United States Court of Appeals for
the District of Columbia Circuit, duly entered on the 12th day of
March 1965, and this Court by order of March 29, 1965, having sus-
1

MONDAY, MAY 24, 1965
309
pended the said Bernard J. Hammett from the practice of law in this
Court and directed that a rule issue requiring him to show cause why
he should not be disbarred;
And it appearing that the said rule was duly issued and served upon
the respondent, and that the time within which to file a return to the
rule has expired;
It is ordered that the said Bernard J. Hammett be, and he is hereby,
disbarred and that his name be stricken from the roll of attorneys
admitted to practice before the Bar of this Court.
APPEAL JURISDICTION NOTED
No. 831. Jay Giaccio, appellant, v. Pennsylvania. Appeal from
the Supreme Court of Pennsylvania, Eastern District. In this case
probable jurisdiction is noted and the case is placed on the summary
calendar.
CERTIORARI GRANTED
No. 819. William C. Linn, petitioner, v. United Plant Guard Work-
ers of America, Local 114, et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to
the United States Court of Appeals for the Sixth Circuit granted
and case placed on the summary calendar.
No. 877. Dan Tehan, Sheriff of Hamilton County, Ohio, petitioner,
v. United States ex rel. Edgar I. Shott, Jr. Petition for writ of cer-
tiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the Sixth Circuit
granted and case placed on the summary calendar. The parties are
requested to brief and argue the question of the retroactivity of the
doctrine announced in Griffin v. California, No. 202, October
Term, 1964, decided by this Court on April 28, 1965. Mr. Justice
Douglas dissents, being of the view that the case should be remanded
to the District Court for a finding on allegation that the respondent
at the trial waived any objection to the comment made on his failure
to testify. The Chief Justice took no part in the consideration or
decision of this petition.
CERTIORARI DENIED
No. 832. Pete Avgikos, petitioner, v. Louisiana. Petition for writ
of certiorari to to Supreme Court of Louisiana, denied.

MONDAY, MAY 24, 1965
310
No. 972. Holland Furnace Company, petitioner, v. Elmer J.
Schnackenberg et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United
States Court of Appeals for the Seventh Circuit denied.
No. 1026. Ahtanum Irrigation District et al., petitioners, v. United
States; and
No. 1035. United States, petitioner, v. Ahtanum Irrigation District
et al. Petitions for writs of certiorari to the United States Court of
Appeals for the Ninth Circuit denied.
No. 1041. Abraham F. Zimmerman, petitoiner, v. John M. Leh-
mann, District Director, Immigration and Naturalization Service.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the Seventh Circuit denied.
No. 1042. Allied Air Freight, Inc., et al., petitioners, v. Pan Amer-
ican World Airways, Inc., et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to
the United States Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit denied.
No. 1045. William Leighton, etc., petitioner, v. Paramount Pic-
tures Corporation et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United
States Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit denied.
No. 1048. Joseph L. Poresky, petitioner, v. Carl E. Wahlstrom et
al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Judicial Court of
Massachusetts denied.
No. 1049. Oman Construction Co., Inc., petitioner, v. National La-
bor Relations Board. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United
States Court of Appeals for the Sixth Circuit denied.
No. 1052. Norma Mooney, petitioner, v. Stainless, Inc., et al. Peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for
the Sixth Circuit denied.
No. 1056. Emilius August Tjonaman, petitioner, v. A/S Glittre et
al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Ap-
peals for the Second Circuit denied.
No. 1065. Nicholas A. Stirone, petitioner, v. W. C. Hurtt, Trustee,
etc. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Pennsyl-
vania, Western District, denied.
No. 1069. Sherman H. Skolnick, petitioner, v. Charles T. Martin
et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Illinois
denied.
No. 1094. Edwin K. Atwood et al., petitioners, v. Humble Oil &
Refining Company. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 1100. Southwestern Life Insurance Company et al., petitioners,
v. Pan American Petroleum Corporation et al. Petition for writ of
certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit
denied.
1

MONDAY, MAY 24, 1965
311
No. 1046. Evertt W. Thompson, petitioner, v. United States. Mo-
tion of Earl N. Stokes to be added as a party petitioner denied. Peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for
the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 657, Misc. Robert Gray, petitioner, v. United States. Peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for
the District of Columbia Circuit denied.
No. 730, Misc. Marcos Valcarcel, petitioner, v. United States. Pe-
tition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the Second Circuit denied.
No. 778, Misc. James F. O'Callahan, petitioner, v. The Attorney
General of the United States et al. Petition for writ of certiorari
to the United States Court of Appeals for the First Circuit denied.
No. 912, Misc. Francisco Salinas, a/k/a Frank Salinas, petitioner,
v. Harold A. Cox, Warden. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
Supreme Court of New Mexico denied.
No. 947, Misc. Louis Y. Wilson, petitioner, v. Sam A. Anderson.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the District of Columbia. Circuit denied.
No. 960, Misc. Orlando W. Hodge, petitioner, v. T. W. Markley,
Warden. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court
of Appeals for the Seventh Circuit denied.
No. 998, Misc. Frederick E. Wells, petitioner, v. United States.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the District of Columbia Circuit denied.
No. 1040, Misc. Albert Houston Carter, petitioner, v. United
States. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of
Appeals for the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 1046, Misc. George C. Carrington, petitioner, v. Civil Aero-
nautics Board et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United
States Court of Appeals for the Fourth Circuit denied.
No. 1052, Misc. James T. Cunningham, petitioner, v. David N.
Myers, Superintendent, State Correctional Institution. Petition for
writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the Third
Circuit denied.
No. 1058, Misc. Ronald M. Halyshyn, petitioner, v. United States.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the District of Columbia Circuit denied.
No. 1078, Misc. Clyde Douglas Goins, petitioner, v. Tennessee.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Tennessee,
Eastern Division, denied.
750-278-65--76
い

MONDAY, MAY 24, 1965
312
No. 1079, Misc. Clyde Douglas Goins, petitioner, v. Tennessee.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Tennessee,
Eastern Division, denied.
No. 1086, Misc. Ernest F. Boruski, Jr., petitioner, v. Securities
and Exchange Commission. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
United States Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit denied.
No. 1093, Misc. Alfred Walker, petitioner, v. Lawrence E. Wil-
son, Warden. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of
California denied.
No. 1094, Misc. Leroy Jefferson, petitioner, v. United States.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the Ninth Circuit denied.
No. 1095, Misc. Forrest Bronaugh, petitioner, v. California. Pe-
tition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of California denied.
No. 1096, Misc. Vernal Frederick Seymour, petitioner, v. Walter
H. Wilkins, Warden. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United
States Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit denied.
No. 1097, Misc. Benito Saenz Firo, petitioner, v. United States.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 1100, Misc. James Castle, petitioner, v. United States. Peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for
the District of Columbia Circuit denied.
No. 1105, Misc. Nevin E. Lindenmuth, petitioner, v. Prothono-
tary, Chester County, Pennsylvania. Petition for writ of certiorari
to the Court of Common Pleas of Pennsylvania, Chester County,
denied.
No. 1113, Misc. Lee Linares, petitioner, v. United States. Peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for
the Ninth Circuit denied.
No. 1118, Misc. Leopold J. Gunston, petitioner, v. United States.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Claims
denied.
No. 1119, Misc. Jacob Eugene Weinreich, petitioner, v. Warden,
Missouri State Penitentiary. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
Supreme Court of Missouri denied.
No. 1125, Misc. Kenneth J. Maddock, petitioner, v. Robert F.
Lewis, et al., etc. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme
Court of Missouri denied.
No. 1127, Misc. Carl Junior Hackathorn, petitioner, v. Texas.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Criminal Appeals of
Texas denied.

MONDAY, MAY 24, 1965
313
No. 1137, Misc. Carleton Chandler Wood, petitioner, v. Maine et
al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Judicial Court of
Maine denied.
No. 1152, Misc. Charles Glinton, petitioner, v. Wilfred L. Denno,
Warden. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court
of Appeals for the Second Circuit denied.
No. 580, Misc. Kenneth Hall, petitioner, v. Warren Pinto, Super-
intendent, New Jersey State Prison Farm. Petition for writ of cer-
tiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the Third Circuit
denied. The Chief Justice took no part in the consideration or deci-
sion of this petition.
LEAVE TO FILE PETITIONS FOR WRITS OF HABEAS CORPUS DENIED
No. 1163, Misc. Aileen Henig et al., petitioners, v. Paul Gesregan.
Motion for leave to file petition for writ of habeas corpus denied.
No. 1167, Misc. Oliver Dwight Lishey, petitioner, v. California
et al. Motion for leave to file petition for writ of habeas corpus
denied. Treating the papers submitted as a petition for writ of
certiorari, certiorari is denied.
REHEARINGS DENIED
No. 784. Franklin L. Batten, petitioner, v. United States;
No. 900, Misc. Leroy Lemons, petitioner, v. United States;
No. 940, Misc. Gene Streeter, petitioner, v. Illinois; and
No. 1000, Misc. James Leo Kirby, petitioner, v. United States.
Petitions for rehearing denied.
RECESS ORDER
The Court will take a recess from today until Tuesday, June 1, 1965.
Mr. Solicitor General Cox addressed the Court as follows:
"May it please the Court:
"At a meeting of the Members of the Bar of the Supreme Court
held at 11:00 o'clock this morning, resolutions expressing their pro-
found sorrow at the death of Justice Harold Hitz Burton were offered
by a Committee, of which Dean Erwin N. Griswold was Chairman.
Addresses on the resolutions were made by the Honorable Kingsley A.
Taft, Chief Justice of the Supreme Court of Ohio; Raymond S.
Troubh, Esquire, of New York, New York; and the Honorable Robert
Hale, formerly U.S. Representative from the State of Maine.
"The resolutions unanimously adopted are as follows:

MONDAY, MAY 24, 1965
""RESOLUTIONS
314
""On behalf of the Bar of the Supreme Court, we have met to record
our regard for Harold Hitz Burton, Justice of the Supreme Court
of the United States for thirteen active years from 1945 to 1958. He
died October 28, 1964, and is mourned by members of the profession,
his many friends, and citizens everywhere.
66
'Harold Hitz Burton was born in Jamaica Plain, Massachusetts,
on June 22, 1888. His great-grandfather, John Hitz, was the first
Swiss Consul General to the United States, and his home was within
what is now the Capitol Plaza diagonally across the street from the
present Supreme Court building.
66
'Harold Burton's early education was in Switzerland where his
mother had returned for her health. As a result, he was bilingual in
English and in French and this undoubtedly contributed to his broad
outlook. His mother died when he was seven years old, and he re-
turned to the United States. He attended the Newton High School,
and then went on to Bowdoin College, where he received the A.B.
degree in 1909. His roommate at Bowdoin was Owen Brewster, later
Senator of the United States from the State of Maine. Both Brewster
and Burton proceeded to the Harvard Law School, and received their
LL. B. degrees in the class of 1912. Other members of that class in-
cluded John G. Buchanan of the Pittsburgh bar, Charles Evans
Hughes, Jr., formerly Solicitor General of the United States, and
later of the New York bar, and Ivan Cleveland Rand, who became a
Justice of the Supreme Court of Canada.
"Justice Burton was married on June 15, 1912, immediately after
his graduation from Law School to Selma Florence Smith, of West
Newton, Massachusetts, then a recent graduate of Wellesley College.
This was a happy union, and Mrs. Burton was a constant support and a
source of strength to the Justice. They had four children, two daugh-
ters and two sons. Both of the sons are graduates of the Harvard
Law School, and members of the bar of this Court.
"After leaving Law School, Harold Burton headed west, and
was in practice in Cleveland for two years. Then he went still far-
ther west, and worked as a lawyer in Salt Lake City, and Boise, Idaho,
from 1914 to 1917. With the outbreak of war, in 1917, he entered
officers' training. He was commissioned a First Lieutenant, and
eventually a Captain. From June 1918, he served in France, partici-
pating in the St. Mihiel offensive in September, in the Meuse-Argonne,
and later in Belgium as operations officer of his regiment. His Colonel
recorded that "much of the success of the operations of the regiment
was due to his careful analysis of all situations as they arose, and
thorough preparation of the command for whatever emergency was
to be met." He was awarded the Belgian Croix de Guerre, and the
'

MONDAY, MAY 24, 1965
315
United States Army Meritorious Service citation. When the order of
the Purple Heart was established in 1932, he received its medal.
""With the close of the war, he returned to Cleveland, and spent
the next ten years in private practice. During this period, however,
he carried on many other activities. He taught Corporation Law at
the Western Reserve University Law School. He was President of
the First Unitarian Church of Cleveland, and Chairman of the Re-
search Committee of the Citizens Committee on Regional Government.
He was also active in important posts in the American Legion.
"At the close of this period, his character, outlook, and standing
are clearly shown by a perceptive passage in a letter written to him
by a leading citizen of Cleveland, Newton D. Baker. Some members
of the bar had advanced Harold Burton for appointment to the United
States District Court. As things worked out, it was perhaps fortunate
that this did not succeed. At any rate, when the appointment went
elsewhere, Mr. Baker wrote to him: "My own mind leaned to you
because you are young, studious, educated and have a desire to serve
your day and generation measured by other standards than the mere
monetary reward. There is a long career of fine usefulness ahead of
you and I shall watch with delight the successful steps you take in
accomplishing it."
66 'In 1928, Harold Burton became a member of the Board of Educa-
tion of East Cleveland. In November of that year, he was elected a
member of the Ohio House of Representatives. On October 15, 1929,
he was appointed Director of Law of the City of Cleveland, an office
which he held until November 9, 1931. For a part of this time, he
was Acting City Manager of Cleveland. On November 9, 1931, he
became Acting Mayor of Cleveland, a post which he held until Febru-
ary 20 of the following year. For the next three years, he resumed
private practice specializing in municipal law, but continued his active
interest in public affairs. He was Associate Counsel for the City of
Cleveland in its gas rate litigation. He was Chairman of the Intercity
Committee of Lake Erie Ports. He was Chairman of the Cleveland
Board of Education on Citizenship Training, a member of the Gov-
ernor's Commission on County Government, and Chairman of the
County Charter Commission of Cuyahoga County.
66
“In 1935, Harold Burton was elected Mayor of Cleveland. He was
reelected in 1937 and 1939. Thus, he was Mayor of this great and com-
plex city during one of its most difficult periods in history, a service
which he performed with devotion and skill, and with the acclaim of
all elements in the community.
"'In November 1940, Harold Burton was elected United States
Senator from Ohio, and he resigned as Mayor in December 1940. On
his last day as Mayor, the Cleveland News wrote:
11
"
1

MONDAY, MAY 24, 1965
316
"""We consider this to be the most unusual man in American poli-
tics, and the most unusual Mayor any city has had in these times.
Other cities can take their LaGuardias, Kelleys, Hoans. We'll take
you; the outstanding exponent of a city government that is honest, high
minded, and right in step with all its people, common and uncommon."
"He took office as Senator on January 3, 1941. As a Senator, he
quickly made himself known as a quiet and effective worker for the
public interest. He was a member of the Senate's Committee on the
Conduct of the War, of which then Senator Truman was Chairman.
During the same time, he was Moderator of the American Unitarian
Association.
"'In September 1945, President Truman appointed him as Associate
Justice of the Supreme Court of the United States, and he took his seat
on the bench on October 1, 1945.
"When Justice Burton was appointed to the Court, the Minister
of his church in Cleveland, the Reverend Dilworth Lupton, summed
up his qualities in a way which future events fulfilled. He said: "He
will bring to the office a sportsmanship that will win him the respect
of both adherents and opponents; a plodding intellectual penetration
that will search out the heart of great issues; a faculty for creative
listening that is a prime requisite of a judicial mind; and a sense of
quiet humor that marks a matured man.
"""And he will bring to the office a spirit of dedication to eternal
principles a dedication that few men possess.'
"
"'In his work on the Court, he continued to show the qualities which
had distinguished him in his earlier career. Few men, even among
our greatest judges, have achieved the quality of disinterestedness so
completely and effectively as Harold Burton did. He was quiet and
thorough in his work, devoted to the Court and to the law, and wholly
dispassionate in his reasoning and in his conclusions. He always had
the warm respect of his colleagues, and the high regard of the mem-
bers of the bar.
""His first opinion was a concurring opinion in the case of Markham
v. Cabell, 325 U.S. 404, 413, involving the Trading with the Enemy
Act. His final opinion was in Ashdown v. Utah, 357 U.S. 426, a first
degree murder case. In between, were many notable opinions, includ-
ing his opinion for the Court in Henderson v. United States, 339 U.S.
816 (1950), where in his characteristic logical and dispassionate way
he reached the conclusion that all persons are entitled to be free of
discrimination on racial or other grounds in the operation of a carrier
regulated by Federal statute. Other opinions which may be men-
tioned are his concurring opinion in the Steel Seizure case (Youngs-
town Sheet and Tube Co. v. Sawyer, 343 U.S. 579, 655), where he
decided against the validity of President Truman's action, and his
powerful dissenting opinion in United States v. E. I. duPont de
1

MONDAY, MAY 24, 1965
317
Nemours & Co., 353 U.S. 586, 608. All of his opinions show great
craftsmanship and thoroughness. They are simple, direct and unas-
suming, without verbal adornment or glittering phrase. They do not
proceed by the broad sweep, or in generalities, but deal specifically
with the case at hand. They are the work of a careful man whose
mind penetrated deeply, step by step, and who reached his conclusions
through painstaking effort. They reflect clearly the deep interest
of Justice Burton in the viable administration of government in the
interest of all the people. In this way, as well as in their professional
skill, they are important contributions to our law.
""While on the Court, Harold Burton wrote a number of articles
which expressed his point of view. He wrote about leading cases
in the Court's history,¹ about John Marshall,² and about the Supreme
Court and its independence.³
"In his work on the Court, as in his previous public career, Harold
Burton could not be catalogued. He was never cynical, acid or vitri-
olic. He was always mild and unassuming. He was always hard-
working and self-effacing. He proceeded through the force of his
ideas, and not the strength of his words. As a commentator in the
New York Times said at the time of his retirement: "He has never
been found among those public figures who automatically seem to give
off sparks. It has been a long time since the Justice created headlines;
he has been too busy and too earnest for that."
"Just before his retirement in 1958, Justice Burton received the
Bowdoin Prize, the highest award of his alma mater, made in recog-
nition "of his distinctive contribution through his outstanding service
to his nation and his fellow man." At that time, his eight colleagues
on the Court wrote: "Justice Burton has regarded his position on the
Court as a trusteeship, and has dedicated himself to it wholly and
without stint. His indefatigable energies for keen analysis have
earned the respect of those who served with him, as his gentle, under-
standing, and undemanding nature has earned their deep affection
and esteem." And in the letter which the members of the Court wrote
to Justice Burton at the time of his retirement, they said: "Without
exception, we believe that of all the Justices who have sat on this
Bench, not one has adhered more closely than you to the ideal for
which we strive 'Equal Justice under Law.'" 358 U.S. x, xi.
1 "The Cornerstone of Constitutional Law: The Extraordinary Case of Marbury v.
Madison," 36 A.B.A.J. 805 (1950); "The Dartmouth College Case-A Dramatization," 38
A.B.A.J. 991 (1952); “Ex parte Mulligan and Ex Parte McCardle," 41 A.B.A.J. 121 (1955);
and "The Legal Tender Cases," 42 A.B.A.J. 231 (1956).
2 "John Marshall at the Trial of Aaron Burr," 37 A.B.A.J. 735 (1951); “John Marshall-
The Man," 104 U. of Pa. L. Rev. 3 (1955).
8 "The Supreme Court," 33 A.B.A.J. 645 (1947); "The Keystone of our Freedom-An
Independent Judiciary," 39 A.B.A.J. 1067 (1953); "The Independence and Continuity of
the Supreme Court of the United States," delivered in the National Convention of the Phi
Alpha Delta Law Fraternity on June 22, 1956, at Cleveland, Ohio.

MONDAY, MAY 24, 1965
318
"With these words, which take on the character of res judicata, we
close these remarks about the career of Justice Burton. Much of his
contribution during his service on the Court was made in ways which
will be fully appreciated only by those who are professionally the
officers of the Court. His was a life of service, through which he made
important contributions to the nation and to the law. It is accordingly
fitting that we members of the bar of the Court should submit the fol-
lowing Resolutions.
"'We do
"Resolve that we, the bar of the Supreme Court of the United
States, express our profound sorrow at the death of Justice Harold
Hitz Burton, and our deep appreciation for his contributions of pub-
lic service, where he served with equal distinction and effectiveness in
the Executive, Legislative and Judicial branches of the government,
in the armed forces, and in civil life at all levels of our governmental
system as an officer of his city, state, and nation, and as a Justice of
the Supreme Court who was in all places unexcelled in his dispas-
sionate search for light and truth:
66 6
"It is further Resolved
""That the Attorney General be asked to present these Resolutions
to the Court, and to request that they be inscribed upon its permanent
records, and that copies of these Resolutions be forwarded to the
widow and children of Justice Burton." "
Mr. Attorney General Katzenbach addressed the Court as follows:
"Mr. Chief Justice, May It Please the Court:
"The Bar of this Court met today to honor the memory of Harold
Hitz Burton and to recall for posterity, as vividly as dry words per-
mit, the many admirable qualities of the man, the distinguished capaci-
ties in which he served his community and his country, and, of par-
ticular importance to those assembled here, the contribution he made
to the rule of law during his thirteen years as an Associate Justice of
this Court.
"Those who knew him most intimately have already paid fitting
tribute to the traits of mind and character which transformed Harold
Burton's acquaintances to friends and his friends to admirers. They
have, in a sense, reaffirmed what was known by all who were ever
affected by his public or private endeavors-that the private citizen,
like the public servant, embodied qualities of courage, dedication and
fairness which placed him in the front rank of men.
"As an infantry captain, Ohio state legislator, Mayor of Cleveland
and Senator from Ohio, he was well served by these powerful personal
attributes. On many different battlefields, his quiet fortitude en-
abled him to face hostile forces with equanimity.
ちょ

MONDAY, MAY 24, 1965
319
"Coming to this Court from the rough-and-tumble of politics and
legislative compromise, Harold Burton succeeded, swiftly and with
remarkable ease, in channeling the talents which had contributed to his
earlier success into the more contemplative cast required of members of
this Court. During each of his many eventful terms on this Court,
Mr. Justice Burton demonstrated anew the qualities of fairness,
tenacity and devotion to principle which had marked his earlier career.
"His appointment to this Court was itself a tribute to his judicious
and dispassionate temper. For his political affiliation was different
from that of President Truman, who nominated Harold Burton for
the first opening on the Court during his tenure in office. The Presi-
dent's choice was particularly striking in the light of his own commit-
ment to vigorous rivalry between our major political parties; it must
have been influenced by the qualities of fairness and openmindedness
which he saw demonstrated by Harold Burton during their association
in the Senate of the United States and in their joint service upon its
committees. Justice Burton's nomination was, in every sense, a non-
partisan one because it placed upon this Court a man who was singu-
larly free of preconceptions, prejudices, or predilections.
"President Truman's judgment of his fairness was by no means the
first. From the outset men had appreciated in him a disarming sim-
plicity, objectivity of judgment and directness of expression. In
politics, as later on this Court, these qualities stood him in good stead.
He was first elected Mayor of Cleveland in 1935 as an Independent-
Republican candidate when the city was overwhelmingly Democratic.
In the major battle of his administration four years later, Mayor Bur-
ton-then an avowed Republican-did not hesitate to take on the Re-
publican governor of Ohio on the urgent question of relief.
"Again, repeatedly, as a Senator, Mr. Burton's independent convic-
tions led him against the current of his party's leadership and what
others read as popular opinion-most particularly in the Senate debate
over Lend Lease and, in 1943 in a bipartisan resolution which he
drafted calling for American leadership in forming a United Nations
organization.
"From the inception of his judicial career, Justice Burton devoted
to the business of deciding cases and writing opinions the same care
and energy that had made him an outstanding legislator and admin-
istrator. His first opinion for the Court concerned the application of
the Fair Labor Standards Act to a corporation engaged in electrical
contracting and in the sale of motors and generators. In determining
that the Act applied to the corporation's employees, Justice Burton
wove his way, in great detail, through the relevant history of the
statute including the debates on the floor of the Congress-and
meticulously defining ambiguous statutory terms by reference to au-

MONDAY, MAY 24, 1965
320
thorities ranging from the unabridged dictionary and the Encyclo-
pedia of Social Sciences to industrial manuals issued by the Bureau of
the Budget and the Social Security Board.
"The precision manifested by this maiden effort emerged time and
again in his opinions on questions of statutory construction. As a
former legislator, he knew that legislative intent is a restless and shift-
ing creature which almost never stands still long enough to be identi-
fied; but he persisted in the dominant concern of searching out the real
wish of Congress by placing the statute in historical perspective and
determining how Congress resolved the problem before it. He would
then reconcile and align statutory provisions in a manner calculated
to carry out that wish as applied to the facts of the case before him
without intruding his own view of policy.
"Justice Burton left behind him in the legislative chambers all
a priori notions of what statutes should say or what proper legislative
policy might be. His judgment invariably rested upon an exhaustive
examination of all available material casting light upon the meaning
of legislation at hand. "He would not," as the poet said, "make his
judgment blind." And yet, Justice Burton was wary lest finely drawn
lines frustrate the purpose for which legislation was enacted. In
his first Term on the Court, he alone dissented from the holding in
Commissioner v. Wilcox that embezzled money did not constitute in-
come within the meaning of the Internal Revenue Code; in his next-
to-last Term, he wrote a majority opinion rejecting the argument that
a certain federal criminal statute should be limited in its application
to persons committing acts which would have been crimes under the
common law. In each instance, it was his view that the very fine line
sought to be drawn could not be harmonized with the will of Con-
gress. And his dissent in Wilcox was, of course, vindicated by subse-
quent decisions.
"When, in his view, fine lines were warranted, Justice Burton could
draw them with the adeptness of the most skillful attorney. His
carefully limited opinion in Joint Anti-Fascist Refugee Committee v.
McGrath, in which his vote was the necessary one for reversal, is proof
enough of that. 'And the hallmark of his opinions for the Court-an
introductory sentence beginning: "This case presents two questions
***" or "The issue here is whether ***" or "The question before
us is ***"-epitomized his careful lawyerlike attitude towards
the decision-making responsibility which resides with this Court. In
Justice Burton's view, cases heard by this Court invariably narrowed
themselves down to precise issues, and it was on the merits of those
issues of law alone that they were to be decided. To him, who the
parties were was irrelevant.

MONDAY, MAY 24, 1965
321
"Justice Burton enriched our law with opinions ranging over a wide
range of subject matter. He was the author of seminal opinions in
the field of labor law, as well as cases defining the scope of the pre-
emption doctrine. He also wrote opinions for the Court in several
major antitrust cases, and manifested his independent spirit in numer-
ous forceful dissents.
"At the conclusion of the 1957 Term, a crippling illness which had
struck Justice Burton became too severe to permit him to carry on
the heavy day-to-day labors required of members of this Court. Upon
his retirement, however, he offered and was assigned by the Chief
Justice to serve on the Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia
Circuit; he did so for the following five years to the extent that his
health and energy permitted.
"His interest in the business of this Court never flagged. Despite
the obvious incapacitating effect of his illness, Justice Burton would
regularly attend session of the Court on Monday mornings to hear
decisions rendered and would appear for the argument of important
cases. His conduct on these occasions made observers of the Court
marvel at his courage and dedication to the Court as an institution.
"May it please this Honorable Court: In the name of the lawyers
of this Nation, and particularly of the Bar of this Court, I respect-
fully request that the resolution presented to you in memory of the
late Justice Harold H. Burton be accepted by you, and that it, to-
gether with the chronicle of these proceedings, be ordered kept for
all time in the records of this Court."
The Chief Justice said:
"Mr. Attorney General:
"Your statement concerning our Brother Burton is music to our ears.
In honoring him, you honor the Court. We agree with everything
you have said, and need only add to it a few remarks from our hearts.
to indicate what he meant to us as individuals and to the Court as an
institution through the years of intimate association we had with him.
"I think it is not beyond the spirit of our democratic institutions to
say that Harold Burton was a nobleman, not in a patriarchal sense but
in the sense that he was essentially a man of noble character, stamped
by both integrity and humility. He was in all respects a friend of
man, not of some men, but of all men. He was as free from animosity,
prejudice and all other fetishes, which are a common fault of human
nature, as any of us in our varied experiences have come in contact
with. Because of these rare qualities, he was able to engage in the
judging process with an equanimity that has been given to few men.
Our feeling concerning him may be epitomized in our joint statement
on the occasion of his retirement from the Court.
"In our letter of farewell to him, we said:
i

MONDAY, MAY 24, 1965
322
""We believe that all of the Justices who have sat on this
Bench, not one has adhered more closely than you to the ideal for
which we all strive—“Equal Justice Under Law."
"No higher praise could be given to any Justice by his colleagues,
and I am sure that none of the ninety-four Justices of this Court could
have been more worthy of it. In addition, I think it might as prop-
erly be said that no one who has ever sat on the Court was a more leav-
ening influence than was he-gentle, kindly, self-effacing, but with
complete dedication to the principles of justice, he strove diligently
and understandingly always for that which he believed to be right.
His one overwhelming desire was to be helpful to everyone, on and
off the Court.
"He was the good Samaritan in every phase of his life-in public
office, in his home, and on the streets. He made no show of this lovable
trait of character, but occasionally his acts of kindness, which were so
well known by his friends, came to the attention of the public through
the press. I will read one article concerning an incident which never
would have been told by him, but which was brought to public atten-
tion by the beneficiary of his good deed. It was thus reported:
6
"A crippled beggar was pushing his wheel chair along a rainy
Washington street. The pavement was wet. Crossing the street,
the rubber tires of the wheel chair slipped, finally stalled at the
curb. The chair wouldn't budge.
"A stranger hurrying through the drizzle, stepped over to the
wheel chair and gave it a push.
""The cripple wiped his face with a soiled service cap and
thanked the stranger, who asked where he was going. "To the
Union Station," was the reply, "to get out of the rain.""
"
"The well-dressed stranger offered to push the wheel chair to
the station. "We'll go there together," said the stranger pushing
the wheel chair ahead of him.
66 6 66
"""Work for the Government?" asked the cripple as they pro-
ceeded. "Yes."
"""Veterans Administration?" "No."
"""Where do you work?" persisted the wheel chair passenger.
"Over in the court."
"""Which Court?" "The Supreme Court."
""The beggar twisted his head around for a good look at the
man who was pushing him through the rain.
"""Which one are you?" he asked. The man who had rescued
him was Justice Harold Burton.'
"Such acts of kindness were a way of life with Justice Burton.
I am sure this way of life was natural to him, but it was also accentu-
ated and made more meaningful by Selma, his wife of 52 years, whose
1

MONDAY, MAY 24, 1965
323
benefactions and service in behalf of good causes have been well
known to the people of Washington throughout the 25 years of their
residence here. Those facets of the lives of these two generous souls
permeated their community, their church, and their family lives.
With their four children, ten grandchildren and two great grand-
children, they made the ideal family.
"As a man of God, Justice Burton found the time to serve as Na-
tional Moderator of his church.
"Justice Burton was one of the few Justices of the Supreme Court
who served in all three Branches of the Government, thus bringing
to the Court a profound understanding of the prerogatives of each
of them and the relationships between them.
"As Mayor of the great City of Cleveland, as United State Senator
from the State of Ohio, and as a Justice of this Court, he brought his
rare qualities and broad experience to all the complex and emotion-
packed issues which were presented to the Court in his time. In all
of these important offices which he held, his acts were marked with
the label of simple honesty.
"I shall never forget the statement of one of our colleagues who
was endeavoring to give the strongest recommendation he was capable
of for a man some of us did not know. He ended by saying he would
trust this man as he would Harold Burton. We all realized what a
recommendation that was.
"This common honesty was made more meaningful throughout his
life by the calm courage which brought him distinction both as a sol-
dier in France and Belgium during World War I, as a reform Mayor
of his city, and as a member of the Senatorial Committee on the prose-
cution of the War.
"But, of course, he is best known to us by that same quiet, dignified
courage as a Justice of this Court and during the long illness which
necessitated his retirement. For this, he will always be remembered.
"About two weeks before our Brother Frankfurter passed away, he
came to my chambers and told me he would like to have a few moments
at this ceremony to express his feeling toward Justice Burton. He said
he could best do this by merely reading a letter he had written to
Justice Burton in 1964. I told him I was sure that all present would
be happy to hear it. Unfortunately, Justice Frankfurter also went
to his reward before these services could be held, but I now read his
letter with the assurance that it expresses the sentiment we all have
for Harold Burton:
""To you and to Selma and to many others I have often ex-
pressed my admiration to you as a member of the Supreme Court,
for no member of the Supreme Court deserves admiration more
•

MONDAY, MAY 24, 1965
324
than you for exercising with exquisite and unqualified fidelity the
judicial power entrusted to members of the Court.
""What I have just said I would be writing if I were writing
a formal history of the Court, namely, that no one who knows
the history and behavior of individual Justices during the whole
history of the Court as well as I do could single out any Justice
who has been more conscientious in his duties while on the Court
than you. You were a Judge in all that the term implies for
you have never allowed any considerations except those relevant
to a conscientious decision of issues before the Court to determine
how litigations that came before you should be determined. May
all your remaining days give you the satisfaction of having been
so conspicuously good a Justice of our highest tribunal and may
you not merely live in the past but also may you find comfort and
strength from all your past as well as from the happy blessings
that the good Lord has showered upon you in your family life.
""This brings you the best wishes and the most respectful
admiration of your old friend and colleague.'
"I will not discuss at this time the important decisions which
Justice Burton wrote or participated in during his 13 years of service
on the Court, but they are recorded in Volumes 326 through 357 of the
United States Reports, and will always be a living part of our juris-
prudence.
"Mr. Attorney General, on behalf of the Court, I desire to thank
you for your generous words concerning our Brother, and we accept
with pleasure the Resolutions of the Bar which you have presented
to us. In return, may I ask you to communicate our appreciation to
the Bar of this Court and express our thanks for the interest which
prompts them to have their sentiments preserved in our records for
all time.
"Let the Resolutions and your statement be spread upon the Minutes
of this Court.”
Adjourned until Tuesday, June 1, 1965, at 10 o'clock.
i

TUESDAY, JUNE 1, 1965
325
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: Mr. Chief Justice Warren, Mr. Justice Black, Mr. Justice
Douglas, Mr. Justice Clark, Mr. Justice Harlan, Mr. Justice Brennan,
Mr. Justice Stewart, Mr. Justice White, and Mr. Justice Goldberg.
ADMISSIONS TO THE BAR
William Jones Bartle, of Washington, D.C., Ashbrook Parker
Bryant, of Washington, D.C., Alan G. Marer, of Washington, D.C.,
James P. Timony, of Washington, D.C., Ernest W. Schmidt, of Palo
Alto, Calif., William H. Adams III, of Jacksonville, Fla., Michael K.
Cavanaugh, of Fort Dodge, Iowa, Ralph Joseph Carrigan, of Boston,
Mass., Walter A. Hilgendorf, of St. Louis, Mo., Giora Ben-Horin, of
New York, N.Y., James Dewey Cunningham, of Washington, D.C.,
Richard I. Chira, of New York, N.Y., Mercer David Distler, of Hemp-
stead, N.Y., Simon Judah Eilenberg, of Chevy Chase, Md., George
W. Masterton, Jr., of Washington, D.C., Richard N. Countiss, of
Midland, Tex., William Albert Jackson, of Houston, Tex., Lawrence
Gunnels, of Chicago, Ill., and Earl B. Hadlow, of Jacksonville, Fla., on
motion of Mr. Solicitor General Archibald Cox; Hugh D. Brauer, of
Gary, Ind., on motion of Mr. Birch E. Bayh, Jr.; James Tamio Funaki,
of Honolulu, Hawaii, and Eugene Wing Iu Lau, of Honolulu, Hawaii,
on motion of Mr. Spark M. Matsunaga; Joan Dempsey Klein, of Los
Angeles, Calif., Conrad Lee Klein, of Los Angeles, Calif., and Richard
T. Tosaw, of Modesto, Calif., on motion of Mr. John J. McFall; Tom
King, of Dallas, Tex., and Ben D. Sudderth, of Comanche, Tex., on
motion of Mr. Joe Richard Pool; Albert Edward Harum, of Miami,
Fla., on motion of Mr. Claude Pepper; Frank H. Edwards, of Atlanta,
Ga., and Charles E. Tidwell, of Atlanta, Ga., on motion of Mr. James
Armstrong Mackay; Rourke J. Sheehan, of Rockville, Md., on motion
of Judge Charles Fahy; Frank Randall Nye, Jr., of Rio Grande
City, Tex., on motion of Mr. Arthur C. Perry; Edward G. Finnegan,
of Chicago, Ill., on motion of Mr. Carl E. Bagge; Clifford L.
Alexander, Jr., of New York, N.Y., on motion of Mr. Norbert A.
Schlei; Charles Read Best, of San Francisco, Calif., Truman F. Camp-
bell, of Fresno, Calif., and John T. McDonald, of San Jose, Calif.,
on motion of Mr. Richard N. Little; Sanford Lee Mervis, of Baltimore,
Md., on motion of Mr. Floyd Lee Williams; Howard K. Berry, Jr.,
of Oklahoma City, Okla., and Thomas J. Kenan, of Washington, D.C.,
on motion of Mr. William Pitt Shattuck; Martin I. Bierman, of
Detroit, Mich., on motion of Mr. Eugene J. Kaplan; Harry Lee Arkin,
750-278-65――77

TUESDAY, JUNE 1, 1965
326
of Denver, Colo., and Leslie G. Houston, of Meally, Ky., on motion
of Mr. David Leib; Courtlandt Nicoll, of New York, N.Y., on motion
of Mr. Rufus King; Neil D. Heily, of Oxnard, Calif., on motion of
Mrs. Jessie Walton Karsted; Hanan Landau, of Boston, Mass., on
motion of Mr. Daniel T. Coughlin; Charles Edgar Rice, Jr., of
Birmingham, Ala., on motion of Mr. Gardiner M. Haight; George
E. Helfers, of St. Louis, Mo., and William C. Myers, Jr., of Webb
City, Mo., on motion of Mr. Bernard Fensterwald, Jr.; Robert Moore,
of Harrisburg, Pa., and Thomas Atcheson Beckley, of Harrisburg,
Pa., on motion of Mr. Richard B. Hutchinson; Donald Maxwell, of
Scottsdale, Ariz., on motion of Mr. Charles Aubrey Dukes, Jr.; D.
Pierre G. Cameron, Jr., of Riverside, Conn., on motion of Mr. John T.
Miller, Jr.; James L. Harkins, Jr., of Cleveland, Ohio, on motion
of Mr. Jacob Goldberg; Elwyn Loomis Cady, Jr., of Independence,
Mo., on motion of Mr. Morris Tobin; W. Neal Writer, of Los Angeles,
Calif., on motion of Mr. George Kaufmann; Arthur Aaron Karp, of
Boston, Mass., on motion of Mr. Abraham Nemrow; Proctor Patterson
Jones, of San Francisco, Calif., on motion of Mr. William H. Thomas;
Solomon Weinstein, of New York, N.Y., Isidore Drimmer, of New
York, N.Y., Marvin Margolis, of New York, N.Y., and Philip R.
Edelbaum, of New York, N.Y., on motion of Mr. Daniel H. Greenberg:
Kent V. Lukingbeal, of New York, N.Y., on motion of Mr. Franklin
M. Schultz; Robert A. Gerlin, of New York, N.Y., and Arthur H.
Miller, of Metuchen, N.J., on motion of Mr. Hugh Latimer; John La-
tané Melnick, of Arlington, Va., on motion of Mr. Frank Livingston
Ball; Edward L. Carlson, of Pikesville, Md., and James Carlton
McGohan, of Baltimore, Md., on motion of Mr. Irwin H. Desser;
William C. Hillman, of Barrington, R.I., on motion of Mr. John
LeMoyne Ellicott; Thomas Francis Howder, of Washington, D.C., on
motion of Mr. Gerald J. Thain; William H. Alper, of Baltimore, Md.,
on motion of Mr. Woodrow W. Storey; and Vernon C. Maulson, of
Metuchen, N.J., on motion of Mr. Jerome Donald Meeker, were ad-
mitted to practice.
OPINIONS
No. 644. The United Gas Improvement Company, petitioner, ?.
Continental Oil Company et al.; and
No. 693. Federal Power Commission, petitioner, v. M. H. Marr et
al. On writs of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for
the Fifth Circuit. Judgments reversed and cases remanded to the
Court of Appeals for further proceedings in conformity with the
opinion of this Court. Opinion by Mr. Justice Harlan. Dissenting
opinion by Mr. Justice Douglas.
No. 292. The Atlantic Refining Company, petitioner, v. Federal
Trade Commission; and

TUESDAY, JUNE 1, 1965
327
No. 296. The Goodyear Tire & Rubber Company, petitioner, v.
Federal Trade Commission. On writs of certiorari to the United
States Court of Appeals for the Seventh Circuit. Judgments
affirmed. Opinion by Mr. Justice Clark. Dissenting opinion by Mr.
Justice Stewart with whom Mr. Justice Harlan joins. Dissenting
opinion by Mr. Justice Goldberg.
The Chief Justice said:
"The other orders of the Court have been certified by the Chief
Justice and filed with the Clerk and will not be announced orally."
OPINIONS PER CURIAM
No. 617. Walter R. Hearne et al., appellants, v. Robert E. Smylie,
Governor of Idaho, et al. Appeal from the United States District
Court for the District of Idaho. The motions to dismiss are granted
and the appeal is dismissed. Opinion per curiam.
No. 935. Frank M. Jordan, as Secretary of State of California,
et al., appellants, v. Phill Silver. Appeal from the United States
District Court for the Southern District of California. The motion
of the appellant, The Senate of the Legislature of California, to take
judicial notice of official judicial records is denied. The motion to
strike the motion to dismiss or affirm is also denied. The motion to
affirm is granted and the judgment is affirmed. Opinion per curiam.
Concurring opinion by Mr. Justice Harlan with whom Mr. Justice
Clark and Mr. Justice Stewart join.
No. 950. United States, petitioner, v. Leiter Minerals, Inc.; and
No. 951. California Company et al., petitioners, v. Leiter Minerals,
Inc. On petitions for writs of certiorari to the United States Court of
Appeals for the Fifth Circuit. The motion of Alma Buras et al. to
be added as parties respondents is granted. Petitions for writs of
certiorari granted, judgment vacated, and cases remanded to the United
States District Court for the Eastern District of Louisiana with di-
rections to dismiss the complaint as moot. Opinion per curiam.
No. 987. The Motor Convoy, Inc., et al., appellants, v. United States
et al. Appeal from the United States District Court for the Northern
District of Georgia. The motions to affirm are granted and the judg-
ment is affirmed. Opinion per curiam.
No. 995. Kennecott Copper Corporation, appellant, v. United
States. Appeal from the United States District Court for the South-
ern District of New York. The motion to affirm is granted and the
judgment is affirmed. Opinion per curiam. Dissenting: Mr. Justice
Harlan and Mr. Justice Goldberg.

TUESDAY, JUNE 1, 1965
328
No. 1004. Air Dispatch, Inc., et al., appellants, v. United States
et al. Appeal from the United States District Court for the Eastern
District of Pennsylvania. The motions to affirm are granted and the
judgment is affirmed. Opinion per curiam.
No. 1010. Dale H. Drews et al., appellants, v. Maryland. Appeal
from the Court of Appeals of Maryland. The motion to dismiss is
granted and the appeal is dismissed for want of jurisdiction. Treat-
ing the papers whereon the appeal was taken as a petition for writ
of certiorari, certiorari is denied. Opinion per curiam. Mr. Chief
Justice Warren, with whom Mr. Justice Douglas joins, dissents from
the denial of certiorari.
No. 1032. Mary Ethel Fox, appellant, v. United States. Appeal
from the United States District Court for the Eastern District of
Louisiana. The motion to affirm is granted and the judgment is af-
firmed. Opinion per curiam.
No. 1152. William J. Scott, Treasurer of the State of Illinois and
member of the Illinois Electoral Board, et al., appellants, v. Joseph
Germano et al. Appeal from the United States District Court for the
Northern District of Illinois. The motion to dispense with printing
of the jurisdictional statement is granted. Judgment vacated and
case remanded to the United States District Court for the North-
ern District of Illinois for further proceedings in conformity with the
opinion of this Court. Opinion per curiam. Mr. Justice Harlan
concurs in the result. Mr. Justice Goldberg took no part in the con-
sideration or decision of this case.
No. 1218. Anthony J. Travia et al., appellants, v. John P. Lomenzo,
Secretary of State of the State of New York, et al. Appeal from
the United States District Court for the Southern District of New
York. The motion to accelerate the appeal is denied. The applica-
tion for a stay, addressed to Mr. Justice Harlan as Circuit Justice and
referred by him to the Court for consideration under Rule 50(6),
is denied. Opinion per curiam. Dissenting opinion by Mr. Justice
Harlan.
No. 934, Misc. Richard J. Smith, appellant, v. Warden, State
Prison, Somers, Connecticut. Appeal from the Superior Court of
Connecticut, Hartford County. The appeal is dismissed for want of
jurisdiction. Treating the papers whereon the appeal was taken as a
petition for writ of certiorari, certiorari is denied. Opinion per curiam.
No. 1158, Misc. Theophilus Ward, appellant, v. New York.
Appeal from the Court of Appeals of New York. The appeal is dis-
missed for want of jurisdiction. Treating the papers whereon the
appeal was taken as a petition for writ of certiorari, certiorari is denied.
Opinion per curiam.

TUESDAY, JUNE 1, 1965
ORDERS IN PENDING CASES
329
No. 13, Original. State of Texas, plaintiff, v. State of New Jersey
et al. The motion for clarification and modifications of the opinion
is denied.
No. 780. Alfred D. Rosenblatt, petitioner, v. Frank P. Baer. The
motion of the petitioner for leave to proceed further herein in forma
pauperis is denied. It is ordered that the case be heard on the type-
written record.
No. 906. United States, petitioner, v. Bert N. Adams et al. Further
consideration of the motion of the respondents to dismiss the writ of
certiorari is postponed to the hearing of the case on the merits.
APPEAL JURISDICTION POSTPONED
No. 1023. United States, appellant, v. Herbert Guest et al. Appeal
from the United States District Court for the Middle District of
Georgia. Further consideration of the question of jurisdiction is
postponed to the hearing of the case on the merits. The case is set for
argument immediately following Nos. 948 and 949.
CERTIORARI GRANTED
No. 992. Philip R. Consolo, petitioner, v. Federal Maritime Com-
mission et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia Circuit granted.
Case placed on the summary calendar and set for argument immedi-
ately following No. 606.
No. 1157. Margaret L. Holt et al., petitioners, v. Alleghany Cor-
poration et al.; and
No. 1158. Margaret L. Holt et al., petitioners, v. Allan P. Kirby
et al. Petitions for writs of certiorari to the United States Court of
Appeals for the Second Circuit granted. Cases consolidated and a
total of two hours allotted for oral argument.
CERTIORARI DENIED
No. 246. National Bulk Carriers, Inc., petitioner, v. United States.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the Third Circuit denied.
No. 815. Comisaria General de Abastecimientos y Transportes,
petitioner, v. Victory Transport Incorporated. Petition for writ of
certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the Second Cir-
cuit denied.
No. 918. Sunset Realty Corp., petitioner, v. Tax Assessor of Lee
750-278-65-78
11

TUESDAY, JUNE 1, 1965
330
County, Florida et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the District
Court of Appeal of Florida, Second Appellate District denied.
No. 968. William H. Simmons, petitioner, v. Washington. Peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Washington denied.
No. 1009. Ronald W. Keiser, petitioner, v. Richard Hartman et al.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the Third Circuit denied.
No. 1017. The Interlake Steamship Company, petitioner, v. Mar-
cella R. Nielsen et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United
States Court of Appeals for the Sixth Circuit denied.
No. 1039. Jean Cobb Krum, petitioner, v. Michigan. Petition for
writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Michigan denied.
No. 1040. James Alvin Baxter, petitioner, v. United States. Peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the
Sixth Circuit denied.
No. 1047. Power Authority of the State of New York, petitioner,
v. Federal Power Commission. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
United States Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit denied.
No. 1050. Carleton D. Beh, petitioner, v. City of West Des Moines,
Iowa. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Iowa
denied.
No. 1053. Donald D. Randall et ux., et al., petitioners, v. Commis-
sioner of Internal Revenue. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
United States Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit denied.
No. 1055. W. Harold Cox, United States District Judge of the
United States District Court for the Southern District of Mississippi,
petitioner, v. Robert E. Hauberg, United States Attorney for the
Southern District of Mississippi. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
United States Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 1059. Alfred D. Laurence, petitioner, v. United States. Peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for
the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 1060. District of Columbia for the use and benefit of Capital
Lighting and Supply, Inc., petitioner, v. Merando, Inc. et al. Peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for
the District of Columbia Circuit denied.
No. 1061. William Grosh et al., petitioners, v. United States.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the Second Circuit denied.
No. 1063. H. Clay Espey, petitioner, v. James J. Laughlin. Peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for
the District of Columbia Circuit denied.

TUESDAY, JUNE 1, 1965
331
No. 1066. The Poster Exchange, Inc., petitioner, v. Paramount
Film Distributing Corporation et al. Petition for writ of certiorari
to the United States Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 1067. W. M. R. Watch Case Corporation et al., petitioners, v.
Federal Trade Commission. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
United States Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia Circuit
denied.
No. 1068. I-T-E Circuit Breaker Company, petitioner, v. City of
Philadelphia et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United
States Court of Appeals for the Third Circuit denied.
No. 1071. Bob G. Shupe, petitioner, v. New York Central System.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the Seventh Circuit denied.
No. 1074. Ralph E. McGregor, petitioner, v. Virginia. Petition
for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Appeals of Virginia
denied.
No. 1075. William J. Brucker, petitioner, v. United States. Peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for
the Ninth Circuit denied.
No. 1076. Deane Hill Country Club, Inc., et al., petitioners, v.
United States. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Court of Appeals for the Sixth Circuit denied.
No. 1077. David M. Levy, petitioner, v. New York. Petition for
writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals of New York denied.
No. 1078. S. B. Heininger, petitioner, v. Department of Registra-
tion and Education of Illinois et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to
the Appellate Court of Illinois, First District, denied.
No. 1079. Western Radio Corporation et al., petitioners, v. Federal
Trade Commission. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United
States Court of Appeals for the Seventh Circuit denied.
No. 1080. Gerald M. Lukasik, petitioner, v. United States. Peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for
the Seventh Circuit denied.
No. 1088. John Joseph Lombardozzi et al., petitioners, v. United
States. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of
Appeals for the Second Circuit denied.
No. 1095. Robert Quagliato et al., petitioners, v. United States.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the Seventh Circuit denied.
No. 1106. David Ratke et al., petitioners, v. United States. Peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for
the Sixth Circuit denied.

TUESDAY, JUNE 1, 1965
332
No. 1156. United States for the use and benefit of The Robertson
Lumber Co., petitioner, v. Continental Casualty Company et al. Pe-
tition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for
the Eighth Circuit denied.
No. 1012. California, petitioner, v. Robert B. Dorado. Motion of
respondent for leave to proceed in forma pauperis granted. Petition
for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of California denied.
No. 715, Misc. Rev. Lendell W. Chase et al., petitioners, v. Eugene
G. McCain et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Court of Appeals for the Fourth Circuit denied.
No. 790, Misc. Marion Stevenson, petitioner, v. Walter H. Wil-
kins, Warden. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit denied.
No. 845 Misc. Robert G. Schuman, petitioner, v. California et al.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of California
denied.
No. 927, Misc. Don B. Cook, petitioner, v. United States. Peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the
Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 967, Misc. Bernard R. Barkan, petitioner, v. United States.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the Tenth Circuit denied.
No. 992, Misc. James V. Conlan, petitioner, v. E. B. Haskins,
Superintendent, London Correctional Institution. Petition for writ
of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Ohio denied.
No. 993, Misc. Mathew Hairston, Jr., petitioner, v. Louie L. Wain-
wright, Director, Division of Corrections. Petition for writ of certio-
rari to the Supreme Court of Florida denied.
No. 995, Misc. Clyde Dewain Feyrer, petitioner, v. George A.
Boldt, Judge, et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United
States Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit denied.
No. 997, Misc. Joseph Murray and Ernest B. Wells, petitioners, v.
Maryland. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals of
Maryland denied.
No. 1009, Misc. Peter Di Palermo, petitioner, v. United States.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the Second Circuit denied.
No. 1047, Misc. Hyman Goldberg, petitioner, v. Office Employes
International Union, Local 153, et al. Petition for writ of certiorari
to the Court of Appeals of New York denied.
No. 1048, Misc. Ruben Dario Sanchez, petitioner, v. United
States. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of
Appeals for the First Circuit denied.

TUESDAY, JUNE 1, 1965
333
No. 1055, Misc. Robert Dewey Hilbrich, petitioner, v. United
States; and
No. 1159, Misc. Nicholas Jacop Uselding, petitioner, v. United
States. Petitions for writs of certiorari to the United States Court of
Appeals for the Seventh Circuit denied.
No. 1060, Misc. Lawrence C. Pope, petitioner, v. United States.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 1065, Misc. Larry C. Glouser and Raymond P. Gearhart,
petitioners, v. United States. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
United States Court of Appeals for the Eighth Circuit denied.
No. 1067, Misc. Earl Vandyne Worley, petitioner, v. Edward E.
Haynes, Superintendent, Moberly Medium Security Prison. Petition
for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Missouri denied.
No. 1068, Misc. Charles Henry Hall, petitioner, v. Sherman H.
Crouse, Warden. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Court of Appeals for the Tenth Circuit denied.
No. 1073, Misc. Clifford Jefferson, petitioner, v. Richard A.
McGee, Administrator, etc., et al. Petition for writ of certiorari
to the Supreme Court of California denied.
No. 1074, Misc. Tony Anthony James, petitioner, v. Tennessee.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Tennessee,
Eastern Division, denied.
No. 1084, Misc. Ralph M. Carbone, petitioner, v. United States.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the Second Circuit denied.
No. 1098, Misc. John M. Douglas, petitioner, v. B. J. Rhay, Super-
intendent, Washington State Penitentiary. Petition for writ of cer-
tiorari to the Superior Court of Washington, Walla Walla County,
denied.
No. 1103, Misc. In the Matter of Israel Schawartzberg, petitioner.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the Second Circuit denied.
No. 1110, Misc. Sam Bellitto et al., petitioners, v. Ohio. Petition
for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Ohio denied.
No. 1112, Misc. Servando Fernandez, petitioner, v. United States.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 1114, Misc. Karl L. Hoerler, petitioner, v. Robert A. Heinze,
Warden. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of
California denied.

TUESDAY, JUNE 1, 1965
334
No. 1116, Misc. James R. Evans, petitioner, v. Board of Embalm-
ers and Funeral Directors of Ohio. Petition for writ of certiorari to
the Supreme Court of Ohio denied.
No. 1120, Misc. Willis L. Ganger, petitioner, v. Virginia. Peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Appeals of Virginia
denied.
No. 1122, Misc. Freda Clark, petitioner, v. Catherine Payne.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the Third Circuit denied.
No. 1126, Misc. Leonard R. Smith, petitioner, v. Crain Brothers,
Inc. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of
Appeals for the Third Circuit denied.
No. 1128, Misc. Ernest F. Boruski, Jr., petitioner, v. Securities
and Exchange Commission. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
United States Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit denied.
No. 1129, Misc. Curtis Madison, petitioner, v. E. L. Maxwell,
Warden. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Ohio.
denied.
No. 1130, Misc. Cora S. Nelms, petitioner, v. United States.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Claims
denied.
No. 1133, Misc. Eugene Hairston, petitioner, v. David N. Myers,
Superintendent, State Correctional Institution. Petition for writ of
certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the Third
Circuit denied.
No. 1135, Misc. Andrew R. Mallory, petitioner, v. David N.
Myers, Superintendent, State Correctional Institution. Petition for
writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the Third
Circuit denied.
No. 1136, Misc. Arnold C. Watson, petitioner, v. Commercial
Credit Corporation et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United
States Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 1138, Misc. John Frank Azzone, petitioner, v. United States.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the Eighth Circuit denied.
No. 1144, Misc. Paul E. Francis, petitioner, v. Hon. Edmund G.
Brown, Governor of California, et al. Petition for writ of certiorari
to the Supreme Court of California denied.
No. 1145, Misc. Gilbert Salas Coronado, petitioner, v. United
States. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of
Appeals for the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 1149, Misc. Paul D. O'Neill, petitioner, v. Alfred T. Rundle,

TUESDAY, JUNE 1, 1965
335
Warden. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court
of Appeals for the Third Circuit denied.
No. 1150, Misc. Philip C. Macfadden, petitioner, v. Robert A.
Heinze, Warden, et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United
States Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit denied.
No. 1153, Misc. Albert Houston Carter, petitioner, v. Jesse D.
Harris, Warden. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Court of Appeals for the Eighth Circuit denied.
No. 1154, Misc. Ernest F. Boruski, Jr., petitioner, v. Securities
& Exchange Commission. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United
States Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit denied.
No. 1160, Misc. Clifford C. Carroll, petitioner, v. Frank A.
Eyman, Warden, et al. Petition for writ of certorari to the Supreme
Court of Arizona denied.
No. 1161, Misc. James K. Herring, petitioner, v. New York.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals of New York
denied.
No. 1164, Misc. James Alvin Howard, petitioner, v. Colorado.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Colorado
denied.
No. 1174, Misc. Richard E. Blake, petitioner, v. Robert A. Heinze,
Warden, et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court
of California denied.
No. 1176, Misc. C. L. Forester et ux., petitioners, v. Texas &
Pacific Railway Co. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United
States Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 1177, Misc. Samuel Headrick, petitioner, v. Illinois. Peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the Appellate Court of Illinois, Second
District, denied.
No. 1186, Misc. Hoover Dewitt Heard, petitioner, v. Florida.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Florida denied.
No. 1191, Misc. William Dunn, petitioner, v. United States; and
No. 1256, Misc. Fiore John Luciano, petitioner, v. United States.
Petitions for writs of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the Fourth Circuit denied.
No. 1193, Misc. Isaac Robinson, petitioner, v. United States.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the First Circuit denied.
No. 1196 Misc. Frank Finley, petitioner, v. Robert A. Heinze,
Warden. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of
Appeals for the Ninth Circuit denied.

TUESDAY, JUNE 1, 1965
336
No. 1197, Misc. Virginia McMorris, petitioner, v. Superior Court
of California, in and for the County of Sacramento, Appellate De-
partment, et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the District Court
of Appeal of California, Third Appellate District, denied.
No. 1201, Misc. Robert Jewell Landman, petitioner, v. Elliott
Marshall, Judge of the Circuit of Frederick County, et al. Petition
for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Appeals of Virginia
denied.
No. 1203, Misc. Arthur Meyer, petitioner, v. John H. Klinger,
Warden. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of
California denied.
No. 1205, Misc. Ernest F. Williams, petitioner, v. Edward M.
Fay, Warden. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit denied.
No. 1206, Misc. Elmer Gonzales, Jr., petitioner, v. Colorado.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Colorado
denied.
No. 1207, Misc. James Newkirk, petitioner, v. New York. Peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals of New York denied.
No. 1208, Misc. Charles Lawson, petitioner, v. Kentucky. Peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals of Kentucky denied.
No. 1213, Misc. Corinne Silverman, petitioner, v. United States.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the Second Circuit denied.
No. 1214, Misc. Charles Cooper, petitioner, v. James F. Maroney,
Superintendent, State Correctional Institution. Petition for writ of
certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the Third Cir-
cuit denied.
No. 1219, Misc. James Pompey, petitioner, v. Illinois. Petition
for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Illinois denied.
No. 1230, Misc. John Campbell, petitioner, v. United States.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the Seventh Circuit denied.
No. 1251, Misc. Marion Johnson, petitioner, v. California. Peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the District Court of Appeal of Califor-
nia, Second Appellate District, denied.”
No. 1252, Misc. Herbert Edward Bland, petitioner, v. Maryland.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals of Maryland
denied.
No. 1253, Misc. Samuel Green, petitioner, v. A. T. Rundle, Super-
intendent, State Correctional Institution. Petition for writ of cer-

TUESDAY, JUNE 1, 1965
337
tiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the Third Circuit
denied.
No. 1255, Misc. Ira Raymond DeMoss, petitioner, v. Robert A.
Heinze. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of
California denied.
No. 1258, Misc. Lenny Bruce, petitioner, v. Frank Hogan, Dis-
trict Attorney of New York County, et al. Petition for writ of
certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the Second
Circuit denied.
No. 1264, Misc. Robert B. Dorado, petitioner, v. California. Peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of California denied.
No. 1303, Misc. Darrell Devere Poulson, petitioner, v. Utah.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Utah denied.
No. 1106, Misc. Charles Lee McIntosh, petitioner, v. United
States. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of
Appeals for the Eighth Circuit and for other relief denied.
LEAVE TO FILE PETITIONS FOR WRITS OF HABEAS CORPUS DENIED
No. 1190, Misc. Arthur Michael Schruder, petitioner, v. B. J.
Rhay, Superintendent, Washington State Penitentiary, et al.;
No. 1199, Misc. James Lawrence Caruth, petitioner, v. James Don
Keller, District Attorney of San Diego County, California;
No. 1229, Misc. Charles Edward Dorsey, petitioner, v. Joe Kear-
ney, Warden;
No. 1237, Misc. William W. Stewart, petitioner, v. Michigan
et al.;
No. 1259, Misc. Robert Draper, petitioner, v. Washington et al.;
No. 1278, Misc. Felix G. Hernandez, petitioner, v. Frank A.
Eyman, Warden;
No. 1288, Misc. Charles E. Horner, petitioner, v. Florida;
No. 1295, Misc. Grover Nelson Schwartz, petitioner, v. Kansas;
No. 1296, Misc. Gordon Shepherd, petitioner, v. George J. Beto,
Director, Texas Department of Corrections, et al.; and
No. 1301, Misc. Albert Ross Brown, petitioner, v. L. L. Wain-
wright, Director, Division of Corrections. Motions for leave to file
petitions for writs of habeas corpus denied.
No. 1224, Misc. Verne Merwin Cottom, petitioner, v. California
et al.;
No. 1270, Misc. Ollie Patrick Johnson, petitioner, v. John C.
Burke, Warden:
No. 1294, Misc. Jack T. Copestick, petitioner, v. B. J. Rhay,
Superintendent, Washington State Penitentiary;

TUESDAY, JUNE 1, 1965
338
No. 1302, Misc. Frederick A. Hunter, petitioner, v. Arthur T.
Prasse, Commissioner, etc., et al.; and
No. 1330, Misc. Ralph Jerome Selz, petitioner, v. California.
Motions for leave to file petitions for writs of habeas corpus denied.
Treating the papers submitted as petitions for writs of certiorari,
certiorari is denied.
LEAVE TO FILE PETITIONS FOR WRITS OF MANDAMUS DENIED
No. 1134, Misc. Vernon E. Goodson, petitioner, v. United States
Court of Appeals for the Fourth Circuit; and
No. 1227, Misc. Ex parte Earl Guy, petitioner. Motions for
leave to file petitions for writs of mandamus denied.
No. 968, Misc. Claudia Walker, petitioner, v. Superior Court of
California, City and County of San Francisco, et al. Motion for
leave to file petition for writ of mandamus denied. The Chief Jus-
tice took no part in the consideration or decision of this motion.
No. 1147, Misc. John Ray, petitioner, v. United States District
Court for the Northern District of California. Motion for leave to
file petition for writ of mandamus and for other relief denied.
No. 1170, Misc. Eusebius James Biggs, petitioner, v. Justices of
the Supreme Court of Illinois, et al. Motion for leave to file petition
for writ of mandamus and/or prohibition denied.
REHEARINGS DENIED
No. 839. Patricia R. Smith, petitioner, v. The Louisville Trust
Company et al.;
No. 879. Mamie Bishop et al., petitioners, v. Ohio; and
No. 1027, Misc. Nathaniel Vincent, petitioner, v. United States.
Petitions for rehearing denied.
RECESS ORDER
The Court will take a recess from today until Monday, June 7,
1965, upon which day it will adjourn for the term unless otherwise
ordered.
Adjourned until Monday, June 7, 1965, at 10 o'clock.
Х

MONDAY, JUNE 7, 1965
339
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: Mr. Chief Justice Warren, Mr. Justice Black, Mr. Justice
Douglas, Mr. Justice Clark, Mr. Justice Harlan, Mr. Justice Brennan,
Mr. Justice Stewart, Mr. Justice White, and Mr. Justice Goldberg.
ADMISSIONS TO THE BAR
Philip Regis Sheridan, of Washington, D.C., Ernest Youle Sevier,
of San Francisco, Calif., William T. Swigert, of Ocala, Fla., James
Andrew Durkin, of Washington, D.C., Robert A. Maloney, of Chicago,
Ill., Robert Lynn Beck, of Rochester, N.Y., Herbert Nelson Bernhardt,
of Brooklyn, N.Y., Donald J. Cohn, of New York, N.Y., Paul A.
Sciortino, of Bellerose, N.Y., Allan J. Weiss, of Washington, D.C.,
Donald Norton Krosin, of Cleveland, Ohio, Esther S. Weissman, of
Cleveland, Ohio, Lawrence Robert Schneider, of Cleveland, Ohio,
Jules N. Mazis, of Philadelphia, Pa., Victor Miguel Casal, of San
Juan, P.R., John Thomas Jones, of Decherd, Tenn., James Black-
burn Adams, of Mexia, Tex., Samuel Darke Engle, Jr., of Charles
Town, W. Va., Clifford Burton Hearn, Jr., of Annandale, Va., John
David Jackson, of Arlington, Va., Charles Laban Abernethy, Jr.,
of New Bern, N.C., Harry A. Johnston, Jr., of Shreveport, La.,
Jack S. Levin of Chicago, Ill., and Edward Haynes Hill, of Ama-
rillo, Tex., on motion of Mr. Solicitor General Archibald Cox;
William I. Byrd, of Alexander City, Ala., and Tom Radney, of Alex-
ander City, Ala., on motion of Mr. John L. Sparkman; Thomas E.
Towe, of Circle, Mont., on motion of Mr. Lee Metcalf; R. John Swan-
son, Jr., of Red Oak, Iowa, on motion of Mr. Jack R. Miller; Frederick
Siegfried Geihs, of Omaha, Nebr., on motion of Mr. Carl T. Curtis;
Charles Edgar Martin, of Kearney, Nebr., on motion of Mr. Roman
L. Hruska; Elmer Benjamin Allmeroth, of Long Beach, Calif., John
Victor Malouf, of Long Beach, Calif., and Victor Samuel Zahn, of
Long Beach, Calif., on motion of Mr. Craig Hosmer; Thomas E.
Ticen, of Bloomington, Minn., on motion of Mr. Clark MacGregor;
Clifford R. Hope, Jr., of Garden City, Kans., on motion of Mr. Robert
J. Dole; Sewell E. Allen, of Onawa, Iowa, and Michael Murray, of
Logan, Iowa, on motion of Mr. Neal Smith; Sidney I. Hashimoto, of
Honolulu, Hawaii, on motion of Mrs. Patsy Takemoto Mink; Thomas
R. Kennedy, of Washington, D.C., on motion of Mr. Arnold H. Olsen;
Frank W. Calhoun, of Abilene, Tex., on motion of Mr. George H.
Mahon; Philip Saltz, of Los Angeles, Calif., and June Teecher, of
Hollywood, Calif., on motion of Mr. James C. Corman; Bernard
Arbuse, of Palm Beach, Fla., on motion of Mr. Paul G. Rogers; Dalton
750-278-65-79

MONDAY, JUNE 7, 1965
340
G. Seymour, of Benton Harbor, Mich., on motion of Mr. J. Edward
Hutchinson; Edward T. Conroy, of Bowie, Md., and Paul Walter, of
Baltimore, Md., on motion of Mr. Joseph Davies Tydings; Irving C.
Evers, of Hackensack, N.J., Patrick Raleigh Kelly, of San Francisco,
Calif., and Walter T. Wittman, of Hackensack, N.J., on motion of Mr.
Brice Wilson Rhyne; James S. Blaine, of Oakland, Calif., William C.
Howard, of Oakland, Calif., James R. Kostoff, of Pomona, Calif.,
William Lorenzo White, of Long Beach, Calif., Hyman Gold, of Van
Nuys, Calif., and William Poms, of Los Angeles, Calif., on motion of
Mr. Richard N. Little; Lee H. Hamilton, of Columbus, Ind., on
motion of Mr. Ray J. Madden; John I. Loy, of San Clemente, Calif.,
on motion of Mr. John R. DeBarr; Gordon D. Schmidt, of Kansas
City, Mo., on motion of Mr. Carl George Love; Raymond E. LaPorte,
of Tampa, Fla., on motion of Mr. Herbert S. Thatcher; Robert N.
Kharasch, of Washington, D.C., on motion of Mr. George F. Galland;
John Phillip Isaacs, of Gallup, N. Mex., on motion of Mr. Robert T.
Reynolds; Austin Pendleton Frum, of Washington, D.C., and James
Rintoul Treese, of Alexandria, Va., on motion of Mr. Thomas Searing
Jackson; J. Cordell Moore, of Washington, D.C., on motion of Mrs.
Pauline R. Moore; Raymond A. Brown, of Jersey City, N.J., and
Irving I. Vogelman, of Jersey City, N.J., on motion of Mr. Cornelius
E. Gallagher; Gerald Arthur Alfveby, of St. Paul, Minn., on motion
of Mr. Donald M. Fraser; Frank Payne Fullerton, of El Paso, Tex.,
on motion of Mr. Richard C. White; W. Risque Harper, of Washing-
ton, D.C., and Reginald Harrison Pledger, Jr., of Washington, D.C.,
on motion of Judge David Andrew Pine; Harriet R. Taylor, of Wash-
ington, D.C., and William L. Taylor, of Washington, D.C., on motion
of Mr. Joseph L. Rauh, Jr., Jack E. Zagrans, of Elyria, Ohio, Kosma
J. Glavas, of Elyria, Ohio, and Russell A. Sherman, of Elyria, Ohio,
on motion of Mr. George T. Mobille; William Oscar Green, Jr., of
Austell, Ga., and Robert S. Dennis, of Atlanta, Ga., on motion of Mr.
John W. Ellis; Benjamin Albert DiGiacomo, of River Forest, Ill., on
motion of Mr. Peter N. Chumbris; Bernard Wells Gorman, of Tarkio,
Mo., on motion of Mr. Royal E. Jackson; Benjamin A. Ritchie, of
Charleston, W. Va., and Charles William Yeager, of Charleston,
W. Va., on motion of Mr. I. Martin Leavitt; Frank Gervis Whalen, of
Chicago, Ill., on motion of Judge Edward R. Finnegan; Edmond J.
Dilworth, Jr., of Detroit, Mich., William A. Hayes, of Birmingham,
Mich., Ralph I. Heikkinen, of Grosse Pointe Woods, Mich., R. Perry
Innes, of Ann Arbor, Mich., Stuart McCallum, of Bloomfield Hills,
Mich., Charles J. Pinto, of Livonia, Mich., and Joseph M. Rozek, of
Detroit, Mich., on motion of Mr. Harry S. Benjamin, Jr.; James B.
Clark, of Sumner, N.J., David Jerchower, of Irvington, N.J., Ned
Kirsch, of Newark, N.J., Charles L. Marabondo, of Jersey City, N.J.,

MONDAY, JUNE 7, 1965
341
Karl R. Meyertons, of South River, N.J., M. Marvin Soperstein, of
East Orange, N.J., Clarence Talisman, of Millburn, N.J., Solomon
Golat, of Newark, N.J., and Alfred A. Porro, Jr., of Lynhurst, N.J.,
on motion of Mr. Aristo Dallavalle; Jerome Balch, of New York, N.Y.,
on motion of Mr. James A. Travis; Joseph Elihu Frank, of Burling-
ton, Vt., on motion of Mr. Milton A. Kallis: Robert N. Miser, of
Arlington, Va., on motion of Mr. Donald J. Mulvihill; Neal R. Allen,
of Amarillo, Tex., on motion of Mr. Donald W. Markham; J. Leonard
Walker, of Louisville, Ky., on motion of Mr. John Mourer Bixler;
Lorence L. Bravenec, of Houston, Tex., on motion of Mr. Robert V.
Shirley; Amos Jenkins Peaslee, Jr., of New York, N.Y., on motion of
Mr. Edwin R. Schneider; Warren B. Leach, Jr., of Houston, Tex., and
Harry Allison Thompson, of Casper, Wyo., on motion of Mr. Harold
L. Kennedy; Daniel Hartnett, of Accomac, Va., on motion of Mr.
Frank J. Martell; Donald L. Young, of Green River, Wyo., on motion
of Mr. Theodore French; Roy Masaru Miyamoto, of Honolulu, Ha-
waii, on motion of Mr. David S. Nahm; Edward Patrick Joseph Mc-
Carthy of Bridgeport, Conn., on motion of Mr. Paul H. Cullinan;
John B. Goodrich, of Chicago, Ill., on motion of Mr. Andrew F.
Oehmann: Raymond E. Porter, Jr., of Sheboygan, Wis., and Edward
Albert Stierberger, of Sheboygan, Wis., on motion of Mr. Daniel Le-
Roy Monson; Stanley Dimock Clark, of San Marino, Calif., on motion
of Mr. Calvin H. Cobb, Jr.; John William Myers Montgomery, of
Malden, Mo., on motion of Mr. Thomas Hart Taylor; Richard Louis
Pollay, of Chicago, Ill., on motion of Mr. Alan S. Ward; John
Andrew Kennedy, Jr., of Washington, D.C., on motion of Mr. Nelson
A. Stitt; Nicholas N. Kittrie, of Washington, D.C., Paul E. Clouser,
of Harrisburg, Pa., Gerald Hillard Goldberg, of Harrisburg, Pa.,
Francis B. Haas, Jr., of Harrisburg, Pa., Joseph Nissley, of Harris-
burg, Pa., and Leonard Tintner, of Harrisburg, Pa., on motion of Mr.
Philip Bergson; Eugene Isaak Lambert, of Washington, D.C., on
motion of Mr. Stanley L. Temko; Theodore S. Perry, of Logan, Utah,
on motion of Mr. Keith Howard Jaques; Jan Alton Walker, of Salinas,
Calif., on motion of Mr. Rufus Peckham; Jacob Joseph Edelman, of
Baltimore, Md., on motion of Mr. Harry O. Levin; Augusto Burgos
Mundo, of San Juan, P.R., on motion of Mr. Philip F. Herrick; Henry
H. Bellinger, of New York, N.Y., on motion of Mr. Remmel Dudley;
Frederick T. Sadler, of Washington, D.C., on motion of Mr. Robert
Yaeger Peters; James S. Dixon, of Peoria, Ill., on motion of Mr. Kin-
sey Thomas James; Cornelius P. Callahan, of Chicago, Ill., and Calvin
Keith Hubbell, of Valparaiso, Ind., on motion of Mr. Robert P. Mc-
Ardle; Alfred Perez Chasuk, of Mountain View, Calif., on motion of
Mrs. LuVerne Conway; Harold Jay Siegel, of San Diego, Calif., on
motion of Mr. Clyde L. Griffith; Donald F. Johnston, Jr., of New

MONDAY, JUNE 7, 1965
342
York, N.Y., Charles McCauley Waygood, of New York, N.Y., and
Harry F. Wehyer, of New York, N.Y., on motion of Mr. William F.
Sondericker; Michael C. D'Amelio, of Frankfort, N.Y., and Philip
Prior Leadbetter, of Chicago, Ill., on motion of Mr. Edwin A. Mooers;
John F. Xaphes, of Biddeford, Maine, on motion of Mr. Edward G.
Hudon; James E. Murray, of Washington, D.C., on motion of Mr. J.
Bruce Kellison; Antonia Handler Chayes, of Washington, D.C., and
Louise E. Sagalyn, of Washington, D.C., on motion of Mr. Abram
Chayes; George Wayne Long, of San Antonio, Tex., on motion of Mr.
David Leib; William A. Gibbs, of Salt Lake City, Utah, on motion
of Mr. Paul Edmund McNulty; Harlan Hobart Grooms, Jr., of Bir-
mingham, Ala., on motion of Mr. Mitchell Rogovin; and Sergius M.
Boikan, of Chicago, Ill., on motion of Mr. David Ferber, were
admitted to practice.
OPINIONS
No. 48. United Mine Workers of America, petitioner, v. James M.
Pennington et al. On writ of certiorari to the United States Court of
Appeals for the Sixth Circuit. Judgment reversed and case remanded
to the United States District Court for the Eastern District of Ten-
nessee for further proceedings in conformity with the opinion of this
Court. Opinion by Mr. Justice White. Concurring opinion by Mr.
Justice Douglas with whom Mr. Justice Black and Mr. Justice Clark
join. Opinion by Mr. Justice Goldberg with whom Mr. Justice Har-
lan and Mr. Justice Stewart join dissenting from the opinion but con-
curring in the reversal and concurring in the judgment of the Court
in No. 240, post.
No. 240. Local Union No. 189, Amalgamated Meat Cutters, and
Butcher Workmen of North America, AFL-CIO, et al., petitioners, v.
Jewel Tea Company, Inc. On writ of certiorari to the United States
Court of Appeals for the Seventh Circuit. Judgment reversed and
case remanded to the United States District Court for the Northern
District of Illinois for further proceedings in conformity with the
gment opinion of this Court. Mr. Justice White announced the judgment of
the Court and delivered an opinion in which Mr. Chief Justice Warren
and Mr. Justice Brennan join. Opinion by Mr. Justice Goldberg
with whom Mr. Justice Harlan and Mr. Justice Stewart join dissent-
ing from the opinion but concurring in the reversal in No. 48, ante, and
concurring in the judgment of the Court in No. 240. Dissenting opin-
ion by Mr. Justice Douglas with whom Mr. Justice Black and Mr.
Justice Clark join.
No. 256. Billie Sol Estes, petitioner, v. Texas. On writ of certio-
rari to the Court of Criminal Appeals of Texas. Judgment reversed
and case remanded to the Court of Criminal Appeals of Texas for
further proceedings not inconsistent with the opinion of this Court.

MONDAY, JUNE 7, 1965
343
Opinion by Mr. Justice Clark. Concurring opinion by Mr. Chief
Justice Warren with whom Mr. Justice Douglas and Mr. Justice Gold-
berg join. Concurring opinion by Mr. Justice Harlan. Dissenting
opinion by Mr. Justice Stewart with whom Mr. Justice Black, Mr.
Justice Brennan, and Mr. Justice White join. Dissenting opinion by
Mr. Justice White with whom Mr. Justice Brennan joins. Separate
opinion by Mr. Justice Brennan.
No. 95. Victor Linkletter, petitioner, v. Victor G. Walker, Warden.
On writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the
Fifth Circuit. Judgment affirmed. Opinion by Mr. Justice Clark.
Dissenting opinion by Mr. Justice Black with whom Mr. Justice
Douglas joins.
No. 578. George Angelet, petitioner, v. Edward M. Fay, Warden.
On writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the
Second Circuit. Judgment affirmed. Opinion by Mr. Justice Clark.
Mr. Justice Black and Mr. Justice Douglas would reverse the judg-
ment for the reasons stated in Mr. Justice Black's dissenting in Link-
letter v. Walker, ante.
No. 496. Estelle T. Griswold et al., appellants, v. Connecticut.
Appeal from the Supreme Court of Errors of Connecticut. Judg-
ment reversed and case remanded to the Supreme Court of Errors
of Connecticut for further proceedings not inconsistent with the
opinion of this Court. Opinion by Mr. Justice Douglas. Concur-
ring opinion by Mr. Justice Goldberg with whom Mr. Chief Justice
Warren and Mr. Justice Brennan join. Opinion by Mr. Justice
Harlan concurring in the judgment. Opinion by Mr. Justice White
concurring in the judgment. Dissenting opinion by Mr. Justice Black
with whom Mr. Justice Stewart joins. Dissenting opinion by Mr.
Justice Stewart with whom Mr. Justice Black joins.
No. 399. United States, petitioner, v. Archie Brown. On writ of
certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the Ninth Cir-
cuit. Judgment affirmed. Opinion by Mr. Chief Justice Warren.
Dissenting opinion by Mr. Justice White with whom Mr. Justice Clark,
Mr. Justice Harlan, and Mr. Justice Stewart join.
The Chief Justice said:
"The other orders of the Court have been certified by the Chief
Justice and filed with the Clerk and will not be announced orally."
OPINIONS PER CURIAM
No. 45. California, petitioner, v. Arthur Lee Hurst. On petition
for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the
Ninth Circuit. Motion of respondent for leave to proceed in forma
pauperis granted. Petition for writ of certiorari granted, judgment
750-278-65- -80

MONDAY, JUNE 7, 1965
344
reversed, and case remanded to the United States District Court for
the Northern District of California for further proceedings in con-
formity with the opinion of this Court. Opinion per curiam. Mr.
Justice Black and Mr. Justice Douglas dissent for the reasons stated
in their dissenting opinion in Linkletter v. Walker, No. 95, October
Term, 1964, decided this date.
No. 321. Associated Food Retailers of Greater Chicago, Inc., et al.,
petitioners, v. Jewel Tea Company, Inc. On petition for writ of cer-
tiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the Seventh Cir-
cuit. Petition for writ of certiorari granted, judgment reversed, and
case remanded to the United States District Court for the Northern
District of Illinois for further proceedings in conformity with the
opinion of this Court. Opinion per curiam. Mr. Justice Harlan,
Mr. Justice Stewart, and Mr. Justice Goldberg concur in the judg-
ment of this Court for the reasons stated in Mr. Justice Goldberg's
opinion in United Mine Workers of America v. Pennington, No. 48,
October Term, 1964, and Local Union No. 189 v. Jewel Tea Co., No.
240, October Term, 1964, decided this date. Mr. Justice Black,
Mr. Justice Douglas, and Mr. Justice Clark dissent.
No. 635. Federal Trade Commission, petitioner, v. Texaco, Inc.,
et al. On petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court
of Appeals for the District of Columbia Circuit. Petition for writ
of certiorari granted, judgment vacated, and case remanded to the
Court of Appeals with instructions to remand immediately to the
Federal Trade Commission for further proceedings in conformity
with the opinion of this Court. The judgment shall issue forthwith.
Opinion per curiam. Mr. Justice Goldberg would vacate judgment
and remand case for reconsideration by the Federal Trade Commis-
sion in accordance with the views expressed in his dissenting opinion
in Atlantic Refining Co. v. Federal Trade Comm'n, No. 292, October
Term, 1964, decided June 1, 1965. Mr. Justice Harlan and Mr. Jus-
tice Stewart would affirm the judgment for the reasons stated in Mr.
Justice Stewart's dissenting opinion in Atlantic Refining Co. v. Fed-
eral Trade Comm'n, No. 292, October Term, 1964, decided June 1,
1965.
No. 1024. Federal Power Commission, petitioner, v. Pan American
Petroleum Corporation; and
No. 1025. Pennsylvania Public Utility Commission, petitioner, v.
Pan American Petroleum Corporation. On petitions for writs of
certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the Tenth Cir-
cuit. Petitions for writs of certiorari granted, judgment reversed,
and cases remanded to the Court of Appeals for further proceedings
in conformity with the opinion of this Court. Opinion per curiam.

MONDAY, JUNE 7, 1965
345
No. 1082. John Thomas Redmond, appellant, v. Virginia. Appeal
from the Supreme Court of Appeals of Virginia. The appeal is
dismissed for want of jurisdiction. Treating the papers whereon
the appeal was taken as a petition for a writ of certiorari, certiorari is
denied. Opinion per curiam.
No. 587, Misc. Reverend John Earl Cameron et al., appellants,
Paul Johnson, individually and as Governor of the State of Missis-
sippi, et al. Appeal from the United States District Court for the
Southern District of Mississippi. Motion for leave to proceed in
forma pauperis granted. Judgment vacated and case remanded to
the United States District Court for the Southern District of Missis-
sippi for reconsideration in light of Dombrowski v. Pfister, 380 U.S.
479. Opinion per curiam. Dissenting opinion by Mr. Justice Black
with whom Mr. Justice Harlan and Mr. Justice Stewart join. Dis-
senting opinion by Mr. Justice White.
On
Pe-
No. 884, Misc. Walter Frank Knowles, petitioner, v. Florida.
petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Florida.
tition for writ of certiorari granted, judgment dismissing the appeal
reversed, and case remanded to the Supreme Court of Florida for
further proceedings not inconsistent with the opinion of this Court.
Opinion per curiam. Mr. Justice Stewart would deny certiorari.
Mr. Justice Clark and Mr. Justice Harlan dissent.
ORDERS IN PENDING CASES
No. 13, Original. State of Texas, plaintiff, v. State of New Jersey
et al. The motion of the State of New Jersey for modification of the
final decree is denied.
No. 14, Original. State of Louisiana, plaintiff, v. State of Missis-
sippi et al. The Report of the Special Master is received and ordered
filed. Exceptions, if any, with supporting briefs, to the Report of the
Special Master may be filed by the parties on or before August 25,
1965. Reply briefs, if any, to such exceptions may be filed on or before
September 24, 1965.
No. 515, Misc. Edward H. Milne, petitioner, v. Elizabeth B.
Milne. The Attorney General of the State of Maryland is invited to
file a brief expressing the views of the State of Maryland.
APPEALS JURISDICTION NOTED
No. 1054. Brotherhood of Locomotive Engineers et al., appellants,
v. Chicago, Rock Island and Pacific Railroad Company et al.; and
No. 1070. Robert N. Hardin, Prosecuting Attorney for the Seventh
Judicial Circuit of Arkansas, etc., et al., appellants v. Chicago, Rock
Island and Pacific Railroad Company et al. Appeals from the United
Florida, 1st Appellate District
District Court of Appeal of

MONDAY, JUNE 7, 1965
346
States District Court for the Western District of Arkansas. In these
cases probable jurisdiction is noted. Cases consolidated and a total of
two hours allotted for oral argument.
CERTIORARI GRANTED
No. 838, Misc. Johnnie K. Baxstrom, petitioner, v. R. E. Herold,
Director, Dannemora State Hospital. Motion for leave to proceed
in forma pauperis and petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of
Appeals of New York granted. Case transferred to the appellate
docket and placed on the summary calendar.
CERTIORARI DENIED
No. 39. James M. Pennington et al., petitioners, v. John L. Lewis
et al., as Trustees of the United Mine Workers of America Welfare
and Retirement Fund. Petition for write of certiorari to the United
States Court of Appeals for the Sixth Circuit denied.
No. 1062. Marvin R. Cole et al., petitioners, v. United States. Pe-
tition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for
the Second Circuit denied.
No. 1089. Ralston Steel Corporation, Assignee of Morgan Manu-
facturing Corporation, petitioner, v. United States. Petition for writ
of certiorari to the United States Court of Claims denied.
No. 1091. Jerrold K. Cook, petitioner, v. Republic Steel Corpora-
tion. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of
Appeals for the Fourth Circuit denied.
No. 1092. Jack Marrin Williamson, petitioner, v. United States.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 1093. Tennessee Gas Transmission Company, petitioner, v.
Federal Power Commission. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
United States Court of Appeals for the Tenth Circuit denied.
No. 1096. Hair Industry, Ltd., et al., petitioners, v. United States.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the Second Circuit denied.
No. 1097. Eastern Die Company, petitioner, v. National Labor Re-
lations Board. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Court of Appeals for the First Circuit denied.
No. 1105. Abraham L. Koolish et al., petitioners, v. United States.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the Eighth Circuit denied.

MONDAY, JUNE 7, 1965
347
No. 1129. Diversified Development Corporation et al., petitioners,
v. Security Trust Company. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
United States Court of Appeals for the Seventh Circuit denied.
No. 1131. The Airline Pilots Association, International, petitioner,
v. Capitol Airways, Inc. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United
States Court of Appeals for the Sixth Circuit denied.
No. 1184. Myron M. Sparber, petitioner, v. New York. Petition
for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals of New York denied.
No. 442. J. Edwin La Vallee et al., petitioners, v. James P. Carafas
et al. Motions of respondents, Wilson and West, for leave to pro-
ceed in forma pauperis granted. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
United States Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit denied.
No. 180, Misc. Stanley Ford, petitioner, v. New York. Petition
for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals of New York denied.
No. 400, Misc. Price J. Draper, petitioner, v. Maryland. Peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals of Maryland
denied.
No. 678, Misc. Reginald J. Adams, petitioner, v. United States.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the District of Columbia Circuit denied.
No. 743, Misc. Albert Lloyd, petitioner, v. United States. Peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for
the District of Columbia Circuit denied.
1
No. 827, Misc. Eugene Wright, petitioner, v. David N. Myers, Su-
perintendent, State Correctional Institution. Petition for writ of
certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the Third Cir-
cuit denied.
No. 835, Misc. Vincent F. Hernandez, petitioner, v. California.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of California
denied.
No. 853, Misc. Joseph John Randazzo, petitioner, v. New York.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals of New York
denied.
No. 885, Misc. Tennison Madison, petitioner, v. North Carolina.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the Fourth Circuit denied.
No. 890, Misc. James Castle, petitioner, v. United States. Peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for
the District of Columbia Circuit denied.
No. 901, Misc. Ruben R. Cortez, petitioner, v. United States.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the Ninth Circuit denied.

MONDAY, JUNE 7, 1965
348
No. 924, Misc. Elver Lawrence Hickok, petitioner, v. California.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the District Court of Appeals of
California, First Appellate District, denied.
No. 933, Misc. David J. Tucker, petitioner, v. United States. Pe-
tition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for
the District of Columbia Circuit denied.
No. 966, Misc. James Gilbert Ware, petitioner, v. United States.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the Seventh Circuit denied.
No. 975, Misc. James Wilson Jones, petitioner, v. Virginia. Peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Appeals of Vir-
ginia denied.
No. 979, Misc. Robert F. Smith, petitioner, v. United States; and
No. 990, Misc. J. B. Smith, petitioner, v. United States. Petition
for writs of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for
the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 1071, Misc. Dennie Ray Murphy, petitioner, v. E. L. Max-
well, Warden. Petition for write of certiorari to the Supreme Court
of Ohio denied.
No. 1076, Misc. Joseph Sumpter, petitioner, v. New York. Peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals of New York denied.
No. 1121, Misc. Murl D. White, petitioner, v. Sherman H. Crouse,
Warden. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of
Kansas denied.
No. 1169, Misc. Louis Roberts, petitioner, v. New York. Petition
for writ of certiorari to the Appellate Division of the Supreme Court
of New York, Second Judicial Department, denied.
No. 1183, Misc. George A. Mount, petitioner, v. Pennsylvania.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Pennsylvania,
Eastern District, denied.
No. 373, Misc. Matthew Carney, petitioner, v. J. E. La Vallee,
Warden;
No. 415, Misc. Cuthbert Eastman, petitioner, v. Edward M. Fay,
Warden; and
No. 612, Misc. Nathan Berman, petitioner, v. Edward M. Fay,
Warden. Petitions for writs of certiorari to the United States Court
of Appeals for the Second Circuit denied. Mr. Justice Black and Mr.
Justice Douglas are of the opinion that certiorari should be granted
and the judgments reversed for the reasons stated in their dissenting
opinion in Linkletter v. Walker, No. 95, October Term, 1964, de-
cided this date.

MONDAY, JUNE 7, 1965
349
No. 513, Misc. Robert William Crawford, petitioner, v. William
H. Bannan, Warden. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United
States Court of Appeals for the Sixth Circuit and for other relief
denied. Mr. Justice Black and Mr. Justice Douglas are of the opinion
that certiorari should be granted and the judgment reversed for the
reasons stated in their dissenting opinion in Linkletter v. Walker, No.
95, October Term, 1964, decided this date.
No. 748, Misc. Ralph William Southerland, petitioner, v. Georgia.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Georgia denied
without prejudice to an application for a writ of habeas corpus in the
appropriate United States District Court.
LEAVE TO FILE PETITIONS FOR WRITS OF HABEAS CORPUS DENIED
No. 147, Misc. John F. Beltowski, petitioner, v. Ralph H. Tahash,
Warden. Motion for leave to file petition for writ of habeas corpus
denied. Treating the papers submitted as a petition for writ of cer-
tiorari, certiorari is denied. Mr. Justice Black and Mr. Justice
Douglas dissent from the denial of certiorari for the reasons stated in
their dissenting opinion in Linkletter v. Walker, No. 95, October
Term, 1964, decided this date.
No. 1038, Misc. In the Matter of Tom James Blevins, petitioner.
Motion for leave to file petition for writ of habeas corpus denied.
Treating the papers submitted as petition for writ of certiorari, cer-
tiorari is denied.
LEAVE TO FILE PETITION FOR WRIT OF MANDAMUS DENIED
No. 1308, Misc. Ike Leaf, on behalf of the Pit River Indians,
petitioner, v. Indian Claims Commission. Motion for leave to file
petition for writ of mandamus denied.
REHEARINGS DENIED
No. 123. Federal Power Commission, petitioner, v. Union Electric
Company;
No. 363. Lucy C. Simons, petitioner, v. Miami Beach First Na-
tional Bank, etc.;
No. 871. Karoline Cauer et al., etc., petitioners, v. Edward J. Bren-
ner, Commissioner of Patents;
No. 899. Murphy Oil Corporation, petitioner, v. United States;
No. 924. James Allegretti, petitioner, v. United States; and
No. 925. Louis Darlak, petitioner, v. United States;
No. 952. John P. Spomar, petitioner, v. United States;
No. 956. United Packinghouse, Food and Allied Workers, AFL-
CIO, petitioner, v. Wilson & Co., Inc.;

MONDAY, JUNE 7, 1965
No. 977. Mary Bendelari, petitioner, v. United States;
350
No. 988. Allied Central Stores, Inc., petitioner, v. Commissioner of
Internal Revenue;
No. 991. Jerry G. Summerlin, petitioner, v. United States;
No. 1013. Louis J. Schwartz, petitioner, v. Rubenia Tanner;
No. 1094. Edwin K. Atwood et al., petitioners, v. Humble Oil &
Refining Company;
No. 237, Misc. Wendell Odell Stephens, petitioner, v. Texas;
No. 481, Misc. James D. Brady, petitioner, v. Ohio;
No. 932, Misc. Billy Ferguson, petitioner, v. Georgia;
No. 982, Misc. Joseph Edward Evans, petitioner, v. Nicholas deB.
Katzenbach, etc., et al.;
No. 994, Misc. Richard Allen, appellant, v. Stuart Hoffius et al.;
and
No. 1050, Misc. Eddie B. Santos, petitioner, v. California. Peti-
tions for rehearing denied.
No. 202. Eddie Dean Griffin, petitioner, v. California. Petition
for rehearing denied. The Chief Justice took no part in the considera-
tion or decision of this petition.
No. 677, Misc. Lloyd Odin Lawson, petitioner, v. United States.
Motion for leave to file second petition for rehearing denied.
The Chief Justice said:
"Before rising for the Term, the Court records with sadness the
passing of Retired Justice Sherman Minton. He is the third of our
Retired Justices to have gone to his reward during this 1964 Term of
Court. The deaths of Mr. Justice Burton and Mr. Justice Frankfur-
ter have already been recorded in our proceedings.
"Justice Minton died peacefully at his home in New Albany, In-
diana, at the age of 74 on April 9, 1965, after a long debilitating illness
that had caused his retirement from this Court on October 15, 1956.
Prior to that date, he had devoted most of his adult life to the service
of his native State and Nation.
"As a gallant combat officer in World War I, as public counselor for
the Public Service Commission of Indiana, as United States Senator
from that State, as Presidential Assistant, as Judge of the United.
States Court of Appeals for the Seventh Circuit, and for seven years
before his retirement as an Associate Justice of this Court, he made im-
portant contributions in each of the offices he held to the history of
our time. For this devoted public service, he will be long re-
membered.

MONDAY, JUNE 7, 1965
351
"Those of us who had the privilege of serving with him on the
Supreme Court mourn his loss as we would a brother."
The Chief Justice announced the following order of the Court:
"All cases submitted and all business before the Court at this term
in readiness for disposition having been disposed of,
"It is ordered by this Court that all cases on the docket be, and they
are hereby, continued to the next term."
Adjourned to the time and place appointed by law.
✓