I
OCTOBER TERM, 1933
STATISTICS
Number of cases on docket_
Cases disposed of……….
Remaining on docket_
Original
Appellate
Total
19
1, 113
4
1,025
15
88
1, 132
1,029
103
Cases disposed of-
By written opinions_
180
By per curiam opinions___
96
By denial or dismissal of petitions for certiorari_
By motion to dismiss or per stipulation.
732
21
Number of written opinions--
Number of per curiam opinions_.
Number of admissions to bar…….
REFERENCE INDEX
Mrs. Edward Douglass White, The Chief Justice announced
that members of the Court would attend funeral of…………….
Disbarment, in the matter of-
Winburn___.
Buckner
Fletcher___
Woulfe
Wampler_.
Harris__
158
86
843
Page
126
2,6
7
8,53
. 160, 190, 217, 224
211
211
223
250
Criminal cases, promulgation of Rules of Practice and Pro-
cedure in, announced_____
Rules, amendment to Rule 38 announced --
No admissions to the bar-April 5, 1934.
Dominion of Canada, appearing pursuant to the provisions of
the protocol accompanying convention to regulate the level
of the Lake of the Woods (Nos. 580–2) --
13563-34-95
176

II
Kentucky Gas case-motion to dismiss made on day of argu-
ment by certain appellees on ground that they had not
properly been made parties-case passed until next day-
motion to dismiss denied and case assigned for argument
at a later date in order that parties might agree upon addi-
tional parts of record necessary to argument of case
(No. 11)__
New York Telephone case-appeal allowed in March 1930, but
by orders enlarging time date of filing was extended to
November 1933 to allow counsel to condense record. Case
submitted before printing of record on statement as to
jurisdiction and motion to dismiss. By per curiam, appeal
dismissed on ground appellant, having obtained relief
sought in court below, not entitled to prosecute an appeal
from decree in its favor for purpose of reviewing portions
of decree fixing value of its property, and rate of return to
be allowed (No. 586) ___.
Columbus Gas case (No. 608) dismissed for want of final
judgment. Appellant went into State Supreme Court and
had judgment made final by nunc pro tunc order and then
prosecuted and filed appeal (No. 937) from that order.
Petition for rehearing was filed in No. 608. Court noted
jurisdiction in No. 937 and denied petition for rehearing in
No. 608
Page
32, 33
159
185,207
216
71, 168, 224
238
103
N.R.A. case (oil code) motion to continue granted (No. 869) –
Opinions amended (Nos. 5, 128, 731) ----
Opinion, per curiam, amended (No. 843) _.
Decree amended (Nos. 551-2).
Equally divided Court, cases affirmed by (Nos. 18, 19, 20, 21,
25, 361)
Original exhibits, order to send up pursuant to Rule 10, par.
4 (No. 576).
Appeal dismissed for failure to comply with Rules 12, par.
1, and 13, par. 9 (No. 70) ---
Appeal dismissed, application therefor not made within time
(No. 3) ---
Appeal from Court of Claims-Special jurisdictional act—dis-
missed (No. 874)_.
Appeal, Ex parte: (No. 1004) --
52, 185
111
2,6
,
39
224
238

III
Page
93
Appeal, dismissed as moot; appellant desired his appeal dis-
missed, the cause having become moot after the taking of
appeal. Not desiring that the judgment against him should
stand because of its being a possible bar to future litigation,
he secured a stipulation from appellee to the effect that
cause was moot and then filed in this Court along with the
stipulation, a motion to reverse with directions to dismiss
the bill as moot-this was done. (No. 566) –
Appeal dismissed, motion of appellant. Government took the
appeal but failed to docket the case within the return day.
Appellee, desiring a decision, filed the record and docketed
the case. Government then moved orally to dismiss, with-
out notice. Appeal dismissed. Appellee by printed motion
moved to reinstate-motion denied from bench (No. 779) - 154, 163
Certiorari denied, authorities cited (Nos. 219, 269, 414) 17,41
Certiorari, cause assigned for argument on questions raised in
petition for. Action on petition withheld meanwhile.
(No. 655) __
----
137, 155, 161
Certiorari dismissed, lack of showing of summons and sever-
ance (No. 655).
Certiorari, order to show cause why writ should not be dis-
missed (No. 815), dismissed because of effect of recent
legislation on injunction
203
228, 237
244
Certiorari denied, failure to comply with rule 38 (No. 1046) --
Declaration (original action) motion for leave to file, Monaco
v. Mississippi, denied ____
112, 118, 144, 152, 172
Bill to perpetuate testimony (original action) motion for leave
to file denied, see opinion ___
156
Mandamus, motion for leave to file denied, authorities cited_ 103, 117
Mandamus, interested parties permitted to appear and argue
when judge, against whom rule issued, declined to litigate
(No. 19 orig.) ---
128
Reversal, per curiam (No. 358) ---
151
Stay order, judgment and sentence (Snyder case, No. 241)
stayed by order of court___
35
Stay, petition for, referred to entire court, denied...
Stay order, motion to abate (Ohio bituminous coal rate case),
District Court refused injunction and dismissed bill but
granted a stay of 60 days, pending perfecting of appeal to
this Court-appellees being hurt by such order applied to
and were granted appeal therefrom by Mr. Justice McRey-
nolds. Without docketing case they appeared after notice
and presented printed papers to this Court, asking that
order of stay be vacated—this was done. (Cases later dock-
eted as Nos. 868 and 886) --
251
146, 151

IV
Page
Restraining order, application for, denied (No. 990) ---211, 220, 224
Equity Rule 75 (b), suggestion of failure to comply with.
I.C.C. rate order, appellant prepared narrative of testi-
mony which was stricken on motion of Government-Evi-
dence sent to this Court in original form and no request
made to have same included in record-appellant attached
as appendix to his brief evidence deemed material to hear-
ing case submitted without argument-Court affirmed case
on merits no action on suggestion' re Equity Rule 75 (b)
(No. 867) ---
Diminution of record, suggestion of and motion for certio-
rari, granted (No 184) _.
Motion to pass, denied (No. 9).
Motion to consider petition on typewritten papers, granted.
Petitioner was an alien and could not proceed in forma
pauperis under Statute (No. 408) --
Motion to proceed on typewritten record, granted (Nos. 594,
495)
216
4
9
9
96, 103
Motion to dispense with printing record, granted (No. 741) - 144, 152
Motion as to printing record, granted. Counsel had refused
to stipulate (No. 859) --
Motion to recall mandate, denied. (No. 34) ---
---
187
171, 179
Motion to return record to lower court, granted (No. 801,
October Term, 1932).
Motion to proceed in forma pauperis, granted (Nos. 241, 95,
106, 152, 597, 734) _
12, 54, 94, 142
Motion to file brief as amicus curiæ, granted, although counsel
for one party did not consent (No. 240) ---
Motion to substitute, denied. Solicitor General moved to
substitute Commissioner of Internal Revenue in a number
of cases after Court had denied petitions, and orders evi-
dencing denial had been transmitted to lower courts (Nos.
45, etc.)
Motion to strike brief, granted (No. 672) ---
13
57,58
144, 152
Motion to amend assignments of error, granted. (No. 609) --
Rehearing, petition for denied, authorities cited (No. 824) --
Rehearing, petition for “entertained" (No. 18 etc.) --
Rehearing, petition for granted and case assigned for argu-
ment on question raised therein. Petitioner raised in this
petition for first time effect of repeal of 18th Amendment
(No. 707) ---
Order suspending call of docket, etc___
Adjournment order
182
215
243
161, 177
227
255
U. S. GOVERNMENT PRINTING OFFICE: 1934

MONDAY, OCTOBER 2, 1933
1
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: The Chief Justice, Mr. Justice Van Devanter, Mr. Justice
McReynolds, Mr. Justice Brandeis, Mr. Justice Sutherland, Mr.
Justice Butler, Mr. Justice Stone, Mr. Justice Roberts, and Mr.
Justice Cardozo.
Michael Halperin, of New York City; William Stanley, of Laurel,
Md.; George C. Sweeney, of Gardner, Mass.; Angus D. MacLean, of
Washington, N.C.; Jas. W. Morris, of Tampa, Fla.; Irving Lemov,
of New York City; Elmo H. Conley, of Los Angeles, Calif.;
Jordan R. Bentley, of Washington, D.C.; Alvin Gerlack, of San
Francisco, Calif.; Richard J. Mackey, of New York City; Stanis-
laus A. Riley, of San Francisco, Calif.; Herbert H. Dyke, of New
York City; John F. Reinhardt, of Kansas City, Mo.; Russell G.
Lucas, of Salt Lake City, Utah; Thomas F. Mount, of Philadelphia,
Pa.; Ethelbert Warfield, of New York City; John A. Jorgenson, of
Los Angeles, Calif.; Stanley J. Wallace, of Erie, Pa.; Henry J.
Smith, of New York City; James Morgan Sheen, of New York City;
Tyler Berry, of Franklin, Tenn.; Carroll Walker, of Frankfort,
Kans.; Florence E. Moore, of St. Johnsbury, Vt.; Maurice J.
Zucker, of Newark, N.J.; Louis D. Goldberg, of Newark, N.J.; Ollie
Collins, of Rogers, Ark.; and Moreau P. Estes, of Nashville, Tenn.,
were admitted to practice.
No. 363. The Arrow-Hart & Hegeman Electric Company, peti-
tioner, v. Federal Trade Commission. Consideration of the petition
for writ of certiorari deferred for thirty days on motion of Mr.
Solicitor General Biggs for the respondent.
No., original. Ex Parte: Herman K. Heussler and Joseph F.
Ott, petitioners. Motion for leave to file petition for writ of man-
damus submitted by Mr. Challen B. Ellis on behalf of counsel for
petitioners.
No., original. Ex Parte: W. Bissell Thomas et al., petitioners.
Motion for leave to file petition for writ of mandamus submitted by
Mr. W. Bissell Thomas for the petitioners.
No., original. Ex Parte: Edmond C. Fletcher, petitioner.
Motion for leave to file petition for writ of mandamus submitted by
Mr. Edmond C. Fletcher, pro se.
13563-33-1

MONDAY, OCTOBER 2, 1933
2
No. 222. State of Montana, Board of Railroad Commissioners,
et al., etc., appellants, v. The United States of America et al. Motion
to advance submitted by Mr. John E. Benton for the appellants.
No., original. Ex Parte: State of Colorado, petitioner. Motion
for leave to file petition for writ of mandamus submitted by Mr.
Paul P. Prosser for the petitioner.
―
No. In Re Disbarment of Herman Woodward Winburn. Re-
port of the Committee of the Bar presented by Mr. George A. King.
No. 66. The Life & Casualty Insurance Company, petitioner, v.
The City of Florala, Alabama, et al. Leave granted to file additional
brief for the petitioner on motion of Mr. Moreau P. Estes for the
petitioner.
No. 2, original. The State of Vermont, complainant, v. The State
of New Hampshire. Proposed forms of decree presented.
No. 5, original. The State of Wisconsin et al., complainants, v.
The State of Illinois et al.;
No. 7, original. State of Michigan et al., complainants, v. The
State of Illinois et al.; and
No. 8, original. State of New York et al., complainants, v. The
State of Illinois et al. Semiannual Report of the defendant Sanitary
District presented.
No. 5, original. The State of Wisconsin et al., complainants, v.
The State of Illinois et al.;
No. 7, original. The State of Michigan et al., complainants, v. The
State of Illinois et al.; and
No. 8, original. The State of New York et al., complainants, v.
The State of Illinois et al. Report of the defendant, The State of
Illinois, presented.
No. 6, original. The State of Louisiana, complainant, v. The State
of Mississippi. Report of Commissioner as to work done, time em-
ployed, and expenses incurred, presented.
No. 10, original. Commonwealth of Kentucky, complainant, v.
The State of Indiana. Report No. 7 of the defendant, State of
Indiana, presented.
No. 70. R. C. Cobb, H. C. Curtis, et al., appellants, v. Department
of Public Utilities of the State of Washington et al. Reported for
failure to comply with the rules.
No. 157. Emanuel Baer, petitioner, v. Bena Hexter Askenase et al.
On petition for a writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit
Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit. Dismissed on motion of
counsel for petitioner.

MONDAY, OCTOBER 2, 1933
The Chief Justice said:
3
"The Court will now adjourn to meet upon Monday, next, Octo-
ber 9, when arguments in cases especially set and cases on the regular
docket will be commenced. The Court will thus be enabled to devote
time during the next week to the disposition of petitions for certio-
rari which have been distributed."
Adjourned until Monday, October 9, next, at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Monday, October 9, will be as follows: Nos. 11,
2, 39, 50, 1, 3, 4, 5, 7, and 9.
☑

4
MONDAY, OCTOBER 9, 1933
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: The Chief Justice, Mr. Justice Van Devanter, Mr. Justice
McReynolds, Mr. Justice Brandeis, Mr. Justice Sutherland, Mr. Jus-
tice Butler, Mr. Justice Stone, Mr. Justice Roberts, and Mr. Justice
Cardozo.
L. Stanley Ford, of Cleveland, Ohio; J. M. Muth, of Dennison,
Ohio; Louis C. Greenwood, of Canton, Ohio; Lloyd M. Kagey, of
Wichita, Kans.; Claude E. Wakefield, of Seattle, Wash.; Wm. A.
Van Siclen, of Balboa, Canal Zone; Charles P. Pfarrer, of Dayton,
Ohio; Francis T. White, of Brooklyn, N.Y.; George Henry Toole,
of Boston, Mass.; B. G. Watson, of Columbus, Ohio; Cable M.
Gibson, of Columbus, Ohio; H. Brian Holland, of Philadelphia, Pa.;
George H. Craven, of New York City; Claude M. Houchins, of
Louisiana, Mo.; Roy M. Sayre, of Los Angeles, Calif.; Ralph D.
Paonessa, of Los Angeles, Calif.; Charles Leland Bagley, of Los
Angeles, Calif; Chauncey A. Weaver, of Des Moines, Iowa; O. R.
Folsom-Jones, of Washington, D.C.; and Curtis L. Walker, of
Tallahassee, Fla., were admitted to practice.
The Chief Justice announced the following orders of the Court:
No. 138. Jack Lewis, Inc., appellant, v. Mayor and City Council
of Baltimore et al., etc. Appeal from the Court of Appeals of the
State of Maryland. Per curiam: The motion to dismiss the appeal
herein is granted and the appeal is dismissed for the want of a
substantial Federal question. Euclid v. Ambler Realty Co., 272 U.S.
365, 388; Cusack Co. v. City of Chicago, 242 U.S. 526; Hadacheck v.
Los Angeles, 239 U.S. 394; Reinman v. Little Rock, 237 U.S. 171,
176, 177.
No. 184. First Union Trust and Savings Bank, Trustee, petitioner,
v. Consumers Company, Goodrich Transit Company, et al., etc. On
petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of
Appeals for the Seventh Circuit. Per curiam: The petition for
writ of certiorari herein is granted. On consideration of the sug-
gestion of the respondent of a diminution of the record and of the
motion for writ of certiorari to correct the same, it is ordered that
such writ be, and it is hereby, granted. It having been shown to the
Court that this cause is moot (Mills v. Green, 159 U.S. 651, 653–658;
Jones v. Montague, 194 U.S. 147; Alejandrino v. Quezon, 271 U.S.
13563-33--2

MONDAY, OCTOBER 9, 1933
5
528, 535, 536; Railroad Commission v. MacMillan, 287 U.S. 576), the
decree of the Circuit Court of Appeals is reversed, and the cause is
remanded to the District Court with directions to vacate the orders
appealed from and to dismiss the proceedings as moot. Brownlow
v. Schwartz, 261 U.S. 216; U.S. ex rel. Norwegian Nitrogen Prod-
ucts Co. v. Tariff Commission, 274 U.S. 106, 112; Coyne v. Prouty,
289 U.S. 704.
No. 189. Dewey R. Hunt, appellant, v. The State of Texas. Ap-
peal from the Court of Criminal Appeals, State of Texas. Per
curiam: The motion of the appellant for leave to file statement as
to jurisdiction is granted. The appeal herein is dismissed for want
of jurisdiction. Section 237 (a) Judicial Code, as amended by the
act of February 13, 1925 (43 Stat. 936, 937). Treating the papers.
whereon the appeal was allowed as a petition for writ of certiorari
as required by section 237 (c) Judicial Code, as amended (43 Stat.
936, 938), certiorari is denied.
No. 339. Emma Miller, Roland Miller, Victor A. Miller, et al.,
appellants, v. The Board of County Commissioners of the City and
County of Denver et al. Appeal from the Supreme Court of the
State of Colorado. Per curiam: The appeal herein is dismissed for
the want of jurisdiction. Section 237 (a) Judicial Code, as amended
by the act of February 13, 1925 (43 Stat. 936, 937); Jett Bros. Co. v.
Carrollton, 252 U.S. 1, 5, 6. Treating the papers whereon the appeal
was allowed as a petition for writ of certiorari as required by section
237 (c) Judicial Code, as amended (43 Stat. 936, 938), certiorari is
denied.
No. 366. Carroll E. Diven, Executor of the Estate of John H.
Sieling, deceased, and Rose A. Sieling, appellants, v. Anna A. Siel-
ing. Appeal from the Court of Appeals of the State of Maryland.
Per curiam: The motion for leave to proceed further herein in
forma pauperis is denied. The motion to dismiss is granted, and the
appeal is dismissed for the want of jurisdiction. Section 237 (a)
Judicial Code, as amended by the act of February 13, 1925 (43 Stat.
936, 937). Treating the papers whereon the appeal was allowed as
a petition for writ of certiorari as required by section 237 (c) Judi-
cial Code, as amended (43 Stat. 936, 938), certiorari is denied.
No. 404. Carrie B. Aker, appellant, v. Leslie J. Aker and Dora
M. Aker. Appeal from the Supreme Court of the State of Idaho.
Per curiam: The motion for leave to proceed further herein in
forma pauperis is denied. The motion to dismiss is granted, and the
appeal is dismissed for the want of jurisdiction. Section 237 (a)
Judicial Code, as amended by the act of February 13, 1925 (43 Stat.
936, 937). Treating the papers whereon the appeal was allowed as
a petition for writ of certiorari as required by section 237 (c) Judi-
cial Code, as amended (43 Stat. 936, 938), certiorari is denied.

MONDAY, OCTOBER 9, 1933
6
No. 426. Spur Distributing Company, appellant, v. R. C. Lindsey,
County Court Clerk. Appeal from the Supreme Court of the State
of Tennessee. Per curiam: The appeal herein is dismissed for the
want of a substantial Federal question. Nashville, Chattanooga &
St. Louis Ry. Co. v. Wallace, 288 U.S. 249, 265–268; Gregg Dyeing
Co. v. Query, 286 U.S. 472, 478, 479, 481, 482; Eastern Air Transport,
Inc., v. South Carolina Tax Commission, 285 U.S. 147, 152; Edelman
v. Boeing Air Transport, Inc., 289 U.S. 249, 251, 252.
No. 70. R. C. Cobb, H. C. Curtis, and A. H. Cramer, appellants, v.
Department of Public Utilities of the State of Washington et al.
Appeal from the District Court of the United States for the Western
District of Washington. Per curiam: The appeal herein is dis-
missed for failure of the appellants to comply with Rule 12, para-
graph 1, and with Rule 13, paragraph 9, of the rules of this Court.
The Chief Justice said:
"The other orders of the Court appear upon the list certified to
by the Chief Justice and filed with the clerk and will not be an-
nounced orally."
No. . In re disbarment of Herman Woodward Winburn. The
report and recommendation of the committee of the bar of this
Court appointed to act in this matter by order of May 29, 1933, is
received and filed, and the committee is discharged with the thanks
of the Court.
No. In re disbarment of Herman Woodward Winburn. It
having been suggested to the Court that Herman Woodward Win-
burn had been guilty of conduct unbecoming a member of the bar
of this Court in that he had made application for admission, and
was admitted, to this bar as a member in good standing of the bar
of the Supreme Court of the State of North Carolina without dis-
closing that he had been a member of the bar of the Supreme Court
of the State of Louisiana under the name of Herman Winsberg and
had, under that name and by virtue of his membership of that bar,
a pending application for admission to the bar of this Court, and
without disclosing that he had caused the cancellation of his license
to practice as a member of the bar of the Supreme Court of the
State of Louisiana in order to avoid disbarment proceedings based
upon the charge of an offense involving moral turpitude;
And this Court, by order of April 17, 1933, having suspended the
said Herman Woodward Winburn from the practice of the law before
this Court and having directed the issue of a rule requiring the said
Winburn to show cause why he should not be disbarred from the

MONDAY, OCTOBER 9, 1933
7
practice of the law in this Court upon the ground that he had been
guilty of conduct unbecoming a member of the bar of this Court,
as aforesaid;
And the said Winburn, in his return to the said rule, having re-
quested the appointment of a committee of members of the bar of
this Court to investigate his record; and this Court having, by
order of May 29, 1933, referred the rule to show cause and the re-
turn, together with all papers relating to the matter, to Mr. George
A. King, of Washington, District of Columbia, to Mr. Charles Fred-
erick Wilson, of Washington, District of Columbia, and to Mr. Fred-
erick W. McReynolds, of Washington, District of Columbia, as a
committee of the bar of this Court, to make such inquiry into the
matter as should be necessary or appropriate and thereupon to make
a report and recommendation respecting the final action to be taken.
herein by this Court conformably to Rule 2, paragraph 5, of the
rules of this Court;
And the report and recommendation of the said committee having
been received and filed, and it appearing therefrom that the com-
mittee has found that the said Herman Woodward Winburn is an
unfit person to practice at the bar of this Court and that his admis-
sion to the bar of this Court was gained by a violation of the rules
of this Court, and the committee having recommended that the rule
to show cause heretofore issued herein be made absolute and the
respondent disbarred from the further practice of the law before
the bar of this Court;
And the Court being of the opinion that the said Herman Wood-
ward Winburn has been guilty of conduct unbecoming a member
of the bar of this Court, and that he is an unfit person to practice
at the bar of this Court,
Now, therefore, it is ordered that the said Herman Woodward
Winburn be, and he is hereby, disbarred from the further practice
of the law in this Court, and that his name be, and it is hereby,
stricken from the roll of attorneys admitted to practice before the
bar of this Court.
No. In re disbarment of D. W. Buckner. It having been
shown to the Court that D. W. Buckner, a member of the bar of
this Court, had been disbarred from the practice of the law in the
Supreme Court of the State of Oklahoma; and this Court having
issued its rule, April 24, 1933, directing the said Buckner to show
cause, pursuant to Rule 2 of the rules of this Court, why he should.
not be disbarred from the practice of the law in this Court; and
the said rule to show cause having been duly issued and served; and
the return day of the said rule having passed and no return or
answer by or on behalf of the said Buckner having been received
or filed;

MONDAY, OCTOBER 9, 1933
00
8
It is now ordered that the said D. W. Buckner, be, and he is
hereby, disbarred from the further practice of the law in this Court,
and that his name be, and it is hereby, stricken from the roll of
attorneys admitted to practice before the bar of this Court.
No. In re disbarment of Edmond C. Fletcher. It having been
shown to the Court that Edmond C. Fletcher, a member of the bar
of this Court, has been disbarred from the practice of the law in
the Supreme Court of the District of Columbia;
It is ordered that the said Edmond C. Fletcher be, and he is
hereby, suspended from the further practice of the law in this Court,
and that a rule issue requiring the said Fletcher to show cause under
Rule 2 why he should not be disbarred from the further practice
of the law in this Court.
-
No. , original. Ex parte: W. Bissel Thomas et al., petitioners.
A rule is ordered to issue returnable on Monday, November 6 next,
requiring the respondents to show cause why leave to file the petition
for writ of mandamus herein should not be granted.
No., original. Ex parte: Adele T. Salisbury, petitioner. Mo-
tion for leave to file petition for writ of mandamus denied.
-
,
No. original. Ex parte: Herman K. Heussler and Joseph F.
Ott. petitioners. Motion for leave to file petition for writ of man-
damus denied.
No., original. Ex parte; State of Colorado, petitioner. Mo-
tion for leave to file petition for writ of mandamus denied.
No., original. Ex parte: Edmond C. Fletcher, petitioner.
Motion for leave to file petition for writ of mandamus denied.
No., original. Ex parte: Jehudah Benjamin, petitioner. Mo-
tion for leave to file petition for writ of habeas corpus denied.
No., original. Ex parte: Joseph Williams, petitioner. Motion
for leave to file petition for writ of habeas corpus denied.
No. —, original. Ex parte: Lloyd Rubin, petitioner. Motion for
leave to file petition for writ of habeas corpus denied.
No. -, original. Ex parte: Harry Jordon, petitioner. Motion
for leave to file petition for writ of habeas corpus denied.
,
No. original. Ex parte: Milford B. Martin, petitioner. Mo-
tion for leave to file petition for writ of habeas corpus denied.
No. 5, original. The State of Wisconsin et al., complainants, v.
The State of Illinois et al.;
No. 7, original. State of Michigan et al., complainants, v. The
State of Illinois et al.; and
No. 8, original. State of New York et al., complainants, v. The
State of Illinois et al. The semiannual report of the defendant Sani-

MONDAY, OCTOBER 9, 1933
9
tary District of Chicago, dated July 1, 1933, is received and ordered
filed.
No. 10, original. Commonwealth of Kentucky, complainant, v.
State of Indiana et al. Report No. 7 of defendant, State of Indiana,
is received and ordered filed.
No. 9. Cullen Fuel Company, Inc., etc., petitioner, v. W. E.
Hedger, Inc., Bailee of Cargo. Motion to pass denied.
No. 41. Board of Supervisors of Harrison County et al., appel-
lants, v. Board of Supervisors of Pottawattamie County et al. The
motion to dismiss or affirm is denied.
No. 351. Larabee Flour Mills Company v. First National Bank of
Dublin; and
No. 352. The First National Bank of St. Petersburg, Fla., et al., v.
City of Miami. It is ordered that these cases be advanced and
assigned for argument on Monday, November 6, next after the cases
heretofore assigned for that day.
No. 408. Elinor Jorgensen, petitioner, v. N. W. Thornberg. The
motion to consider the petition for writ of certiorari on typewritten
papers is granted.
No. 801. October term, 1932. Western Canal Company, petitioner,
v. Railroad Commission of the State of California. The motion for
the return of the record herein is granted.
No. 103. Norumbega Company, appellant, v. John J. Bennett, Jr.,
as an individual, etc.;
No. 114. The State Corporation Commission for the State of Kan-
sas et al., appellants, v. The Wichita Gas Company et al.;
No. 124. Missouri Pacific Railroad Company, appellant, v. Hal
Norwood, Attorney General of the State of Arkansas et al;
No. 126. Pigeon River Improvement, Slide & Boom Company,
appellant, v. Charles W. Cox, Ltd.;
No. 166. Federal Compress & Warehouse Company et al., appel-
lants, v. E. R. McLean, Sheriff and Tax Collector, et al.;
No. 344. Puget Sound Power & Light Company, appellant, v. The
City of Seattle;
No. 359. Seattle Gas Company, appellant, v. The City of Seattle;
No. 364. The Pacific Telephone and Telegraph Company, appel-
lant, v. The City of Seattle et al.;
No. 347. Standard Oil Company, of California, appellanť, v. The
People of the State of California;
No. 355. Trinityfarm Construction Company, appellant, v. Alice
Lee Grosjean, Supervisor, etc.;

MONDAY, OCTOBER 9, 1933
10
No. 422. The United States of America et al., appellants, v. Illi-
nois Central Railroad Company et al.; and
No. 428. H. Chassaniol et al., appellants, v. City of Greenwood.
In these cases probable jurisdiction is noted.
No. 293. Ernest C. Atkins, appellant, v. Hertz Drivurself Stations,
Inc.;
No. 294. Kent-Coffee Manufacturing Company, appellant, v. A. J.
Maxwell, Commissioner of Revenue, etc.; and
No. 298. S. M. Nickey, W. E. Nickey, et al., appellants, v. The
State of Mississippi. Further consideration of the question of the
jurisdiction of this Court in these cases is postponed to the hearing
of the cases on the merits.
No. 203. P. F. Peterson Baking Company et al., appellants, v.
Charles W. Bryan, as Governor, etc.;
No. 239. Hartford Accident & Indemnity Company et al., appel-
lants, v. N. O. Nelson Manufacturing Company, Assignee; and
No. 342. State of Florida, Eugene S. Matthews, et al., appellants,
v. The United States of America et al. In these cases probable juris-
diction is noted. Further consideration of the motions to dismiss or
affirm is postponed to the hearing of the cases on the merits.
No. 222. State of Montana, Board of Railroad Commissioners of
the State of Montana, et al., etc,, appellants, v. The United States of
America et al.; and
No. 370. Home Building and Loan Association, appellant, v. John
H. Blaisdell et al. In these cases probable jurisdiction is noted. The
motions to advance are granted and the cases are assigned for argu-
ment on Monday, November 6, next after the cases heretofore
assigned for that day.
No. 440. Benjamin F. Lindheimer et al., appellants, v. Illinois
Bell Telephone Company. In this case probable jurisdiction is noted.
The motion to advance is granted and the case is assigned for argu-
ment on Monday, January 15, 1934.
No. 274. Clark's Ferry Bridge Company, appellant, v. The Public
Service Commission of the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania. In this
case probable jurisdiction is noted. The motion to dismiss or affirm
is denied.
No. 94. M. D. Hicklin, Individually, etc., et al., appellants, v. J. C.
Coney et al. Further consideration of the question of the jurisdic-
tion of this Court in this case and of the motion to dismiss or affirm
is postponed to the hearing of the case on the merits.
No. 117. Hunter A. Gibbes, representing himself and other de-
positors, etc., appellant, v. Simpson J. Zimmerman, individually, etc.,

MONDAY, OCTOBER 9, 1933
11
et al. The motion for leave to file statement as to jurisdiction is
granted. Further consideration of the question of the jurisdiction of
this Court in this case and of the motion to dismiss or affirm is post-
poned to the hearing of the case on the merits.
No. 162. The United States of America, appellant, v. Gregorio
Chavez et al. Further consideration of the question of the jurisdic-
tion of this Court in this case is postponed to the hearing of the case
on the merits. The case is advanced and assigned for argument on
Monday, November 6, next after the cases heretofore assigned for
that day. The motion of the appellees for leave to proceed in forma
pauperis is granted.
No. 168. J. M. Jannett and J. A. Skipper, appellants, v. Dan
Hardie, as Sheriff of Dade County, Florida, etc.; and
No. 399. National Linen Service Corporation, etc., appellant, v.
City of Lynchburg et al. The motions for leave to file statements as
to jurisdiction are granted. Further consideration of the question of
the jurisdiction of this Court in these cases is postponed to the hear-
ing of the cases on the merits.
No. 104. William R. Mestice, petitioner, v. Ohrbach's Affiliated
Stores, Inc. On petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Circuit Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit. The motion for
leave to proceed further herein in forma pauperis is denied for the
reason that the Court, upon examination of the papers herein sub-
mitted, finds no ground upon which a writ of certiorari should be
granted. The petition for writ of certiorari is therefore also denied.
No. 154. Georgia M. Spruill, petitioner, v. Leo A. Rover; and
No. 155. Georgia M. Spruill, petitioner, v. John P. McMahon and
May H. Dickinson. On petition for writs of certiorari to the Court
of Appeals of the District of Columbia. The motion for leave to
proceed further herein in forma pauperis is denied for the reason
that the Court, upon examination of the papers herein submitted,
finds no ground upon which writs of certiorari should be granted.
The petition for writs of certiorari is therefore also denied.
No. 198. George Jackson, petitioner, v. Atlanta Goodwill Indus-
tries, Inc. On petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Ap-
peals of the State of Georgia. The motion for leave to proceed fur-
ther herein in forma pauperis is denied for the reason that the
Court, upon examination of the papers herein submitted, finds no
ground upon which a writ of certiorari should be granted. The
petition for writ of certiorari is therefore also denied.
No. 288. Joseph James Jackson, Irving Murray, and Ralph Ed-
ward Holmes, petitioners, v. The United States of America. On
petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals of the Dis-
trict of Columbia. The motion for leave to proceed further herein

MONDAY, OCTOBER 9, 1933
12
in forma pauperis is denied for the reason that the Court, upon
examination of the papers herein submitted, finds no ground upon
which a writ of certiorari should be granted. The petition for writ
of certiorari is therefore also denied.
No. 304. David Threatt, petitioner, v. The United States. On
petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Claims. The motion
for leave to proceed further herein in forma pauperis is denied for
the reason that the Court, upon examination of the papers herein
submitted, finds no ground upon which a writ of certiorari should
be granted. The petition for writ of certiorari is therefore also
denied.
No. 437. Joseph Miller, petitioner, v. A. D. Aderholdt, Warden
of the United States Penitentiary, Atlanta, Georgia. On petition
for writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals
for the Fifth Circuit. The motion for leave to proceed further
herein in forma pauperis is denied for the reason that the Court,
upon examination of the papers herein submitted, finds no ground
upon which a writ of certiorari should be granted. The petition for
writ of certiorari is therefore also denied.
No. 479. Floyd Dunbar, Verna Dunbar, Leo Carpenter, and Arlo
Norton, petitioners, v. The United States of America. On petition
for writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals
for the Seventh Circuit. The motion for leave to proceed further
herein in forma pauperis is denied for the reason that the Court,
upon examination of the papers herein submitted, finds no ground
upon which a writ of certiorari should be granted. The petition for
writ of certiorari is therefore also denied.
No. 88. The United States of America, petitioner, v. Harry Mur-
dock. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit
Court of Appeals for the Seventh Circuit is granted and the case is
advanced and assigned for argument on Monday, November 6, next,
after the cases heretofore assigned for that day.
No. 241. Herman Snyder, petitioner, v. Commonwealth of Mas-
sachusetts. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Superior Court in
and for the County of Middlesex, Commonwealth of Massachusetts,
granted and the case is advanced and assigned for argument on Mon-
day, November 6, next, after the cases heretofore assigned for that
day. The motion for leave to proceed in forma pauperis is granted.
No. 171. The United States, petitioner, v. Jefferson Electric Man-
ufacturing Company. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of
Claims granted. Further consideration of the motion to remand is
postponed to the hearing of the case on the merits.
No. 187. Arthur M. Brown, petitioner, v. Commissioner of Inter-
nal Revenue. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
13563-33- -3

MONDAY, OCTOBER 9, 1933
13
Circuit Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit granted limited to
the question of the deduction on account of reserve.
No. 240. Federal Trade Commission, petitioner, v. Algoma Lum-
ber Company, et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United
States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit granted.
The motion for leave to file the brief of Edward S. Rogers, as
amicus curiae, is granted.
No. 51. William Miller, Administrator, etc., petitioner, v. Union
Pacific Railroad Company. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Eighth Circuit
granted.
No. 54. Acel C. Alexander, Collector, etc., petitioner, v. Cosden
Pipe Line Company. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United
States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Tenth Circuit granted.
No. 56. Alaska Steamship Company, petitioner, v. The United
States of America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United
States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit granted.
No. 71. Sarah Elizabeth Stringfellow, a widow, petitioner, v.
Atlantic Coast Line Railroad Company; and
No. 95. Atlantic Coast Line Railroad Company, petitioner, v.
Sarah Elizabeth Stringfellow, a widow. Petitions for writs of
certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the
Fifth Circuit granted.
No. 79. J. T. Trotter, Guardian, etc., petitioner, v. State of Ten-
nessee, in its own behalf, etc. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
Supreme Court of the State of Tennessee granted.
No. 80. Louis H. May, Indemnity Insurance Company of North
America, et al., petitioners, v. Hamburg-Amerikanische Packetfahrt
Aktien-Gesellschaft. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United
States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit granted.
No. 101. Laura Ormsby and B. Rush Field, Executors, etc., peti-
tioners, v. Louise Chase, by Jesse Blythe, et al. Petition for writ
of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the
Third Circuit granted.
No. 112. Federal Land Bank of Columbia, S.C., petitioner, v. Mrs.
Will Gaines. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court
of the State of North Carolina granted.
No. 128. The Texas & Pacific Railway Company, petitioner, v.
S. O. Pottorff, Receiver, etc. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit
granted.
No. 129. John Freuler, Administrator, etc., petitioner, v. David
Burnet, Commissioner of Internal Revenue;

MONDAY, OCTOBER 9, 1933
14
No. 130. John Freuler, Administrator, etc., petitioner, v. David
Burnet, Commissioner of Internal Revenue; and
No. 131. John Freuler, Administrator, etc., petitioner, v. David
Burnet, Commissioner of Internal Revenue. Petition for writs of
certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the
Ninth Circuit granted.
No. 139. Marguerite T. Whitcomb, petitioner, v. David Burnet,
Commissioner of Internal Revenue;
No. 140. Charlotte A. W. Lepic, petitioner, v. David Burnet,
Commissioner of Internal Revenue;
No. 141. Marie M. E. G. T. Whitcomb, petitioner, v. David Bur-
net, Commissioner of Internal Revenue;
No. 142. Charlotte Andree Whitcomb Lepic, petitioner, v. David
Burnet, Commissioner of Internal Revenue;
No. 143. Charlotte Andree Whitcomb Lepic, petitioner, v. David
Burnet, Commissioner of Internal Revenue; and
No. 144. Marie M. E. G. Whitcomb, petitioner, v. David Burnet,
Commissioner of Internal Revenue. Petition for writs of certiorari
to the Court of Appeals of the District of Columbia granted.
No. 145. Louise A. Whitcomb, petitioner, v. David Burnet, Com-
missioner of Internal Revenue;
No. 146. Lydia L. Whitcomb, petitioner, v. David Burnet, Com-
missioner of Internal Revenue;
No. 147. Louis A. F. E. Whitcomb, petitioner, v. David Burnet,
Commissioner of Internal Revenue;
No. 148. Lydia L. I. Whitcomb, petitioner, v. David Burnet, Com-
missioner of Internal Revenue;
No. 149. Lydia Louise Ida Whitcomb, petitioner, v. David Burnet,
Commissioner of Internal Revenue; and
No. 150. Louise A. F. E. Whitcomb, petitioner, v. David Burnet,
Commissioner of Internal Revenue. Petition for writs of certiorari
to the Court of Appeals of the District of Columbia granted.
No. 133. R. H. Stearns Company, Boston, Massachusetts, peti-
tioner, v. The United States. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
Court of Claims granted.
No. 152. Newton W. Lumbra, petitioner, v. The United States of
America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Cir-
cuit Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit granted.
No. 153. Albert H. Ladner, Jr., Collector, etc., petitioner, v. Phila-
delphia Barge Company et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Third Circuit
granted.

MONDAY, OCTOBER 9, 1933
15
No. 158. David Burnet, Commissioner of Internal Revenue, peti-
tioner, v. Charles J. Canfield. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Seventh Circuit
granted.
No. 212. William R. Thorsen, petitioner, v. Commissioner of In-
ternal Revenue. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Circuit Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit granted.
No. 163. Northwestern Pacific Railroad Company, petitioner, v.
Josephine Bobo, as Administratrix, etc. Petition for writ of cer-
tiorari to the District Court of Appeals, First Appellate District,
Division 1, State of California granted.
No. 329. C. F. Routzahn, Collector of Internal Revenue, etc., peti-
tioner, v. Willard Storage Battery Company. Petition for writ of
certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Sixth
Circuit granted and the case assigned for argument immediately fol-
lowing No. 171.
No. 196. American Chain Company, Inc., petitioner, v. Robert O.
Easton, Collector of Internal Revenue, etc. Petition for writ of cer-
tiorari to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Second
Circuit granted and the case assigned for argument immediately fol-
Jowing No. 329.
No. 173. James B. Moore, petitioner, v. The Chesapeake & Ohio
Railway Company. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United
States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Seventh Circuit granted.
No. 178. Augustus P. Norton, Deputy Commissioner, etc., peti-
tioner, v. Vesta Coal Company. Petition for writ of certiorari to
the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Third Circuit
granted.
No. 194. Federal Trade Commission, petitioner, v. R. F. Keppel,
& Brother, Inc. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Circuit Court of Appeals for the Third Circuit granted.
No. 200. Missouri Pacific Railroad Company, petitioner, v. Hart-
ley Brothers, a copartnership, etc. Petition for writ of certiorari
to the Supreme Court of the State of Oklahoma granted.
No. 208. Nannie May Williams, petitioner, v. The Union Central
Life Insurance Company. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit
granted.
No. 224. The United States, petitioner, v. Provident Trust Com-
pany, as Administrator, etc. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
Court of Claims granted.
No. 257. E. H. Ferree Company et al., petitioners, v. United Shoe
Machinery Corporation. Petition for writ of certiorari to the

MONDAY, OCTOBER 9, 1933
16
United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit
granted.
No. 290. Chase National Bank of the City of New York, Successor,
Trustee, etc., petitioner, v. The City of Norwalk, Ohio. Petition
for writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals
for the Sixth Circuit granted.
No. 295. Florence Samuels Landress, petitioner, v. Phoenix Mutual
Life Insurance Company et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to
the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Sixth Circuit
granted.
No. 308. Maxine Murray, on her own behalf, etc., petitioner, v.
Joe Gerrick & Company et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to
the Supreme Court of the State of Washington granted.
No. 311. Ida A. Van Dyke, petitioner, v. Commissioner of Internal
Revenue. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit
Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit granted.
No. 312. Cleve W. Van Dyke, petitioner, v. Commissioner of Inter-
nal Revenue. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Circuit Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit granted.
No. 325. Inger Juliane Hansen, petitioner, v. Edward L. Haff,
Acting Commissioner of Immigration, etc. Petition for writ of
certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the
Ninth Circuit granted.
No. 343. Hamburg-American Line, petitioner, v. The United
States of America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United
States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit granted.
No. 349. David Burnet, Commissioner of Internal Revenue, peti-
tioner, v. American Chicle Company. Petition for writ of certiorari
to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Second Cir-
cuit granted.
No. 225. David Burnet, Commissioner of Internal Revenue, peti-
tioner, v. Otto H. Falk et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Seventh Circuit
granted and the case is assigned for argument immediately following
Nos. 145 to 150, inclusive.
No. 227. Marshall S. Reynolds, Individually, etc., petitioner, v.
Richard F. Cooper;
No. 228. Marshall S. Reynolds, Individually, etc., petitioner, v.
Barbara V. Cooper; and
No. 229. Marshall S. Reynolds, Individually, etc., petitioner, v.
Richard F. Cooper et al. Petition for writs of certiorari to the
United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Tenth Circuit granted,
and cases assigned for argument immediately following No. 225.

MONDAY, OCTOBER 9, 1933
17
No. 219. Daniel Busch, Joseph Melodia, and Thomas Musumeci,
petitioners, v. The United States of America. Petition for writ of
certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the
Second Circuit denied. Husty v. United States, 282 U.S. 694, 702;
Davis v. United States, 283 U.S. 859; Wilson v. United States, 287
U.S. 623.
No. 269. Cleveland, Cincinnati, Chicago, & St. Louis Railway
Company, petitioner, v. Ethel R. Henry, Administratrix, etc. Peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of the State of
Missouri denied for the want of a final judgment. Bruce v. Tobin,
245 U.S. 18, Johnson v. Keith, 117 U.S. 199%; Houston v. Moore,
3 Wheat. 433.
No. 40. Globe Excelsior Oak Tanning Company, a body corporate
of the State of Kentucky, petitioner, v. The United States. Petition
for writ of certiorari to the Court of Claims denied.
No. 42. Irving Trust Company, Trustee, petitioner, v. B. & O.
Highway Transportation Company. Petition for writ of certiorari
to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit
denied.
No. 43. Winchester Manufacturing Company, petitioner, v. The
United States. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Claims
denied.
No. 45. Canal-Commercial Trust & Savings Bank, petitioner, v.
Commissioner of Internal Revenue; and
No. 46. Canal-Commercial National Bank, petitioner, v. Commis-
sioner of Internal Revenue. Petition for writs of certiorari to the
United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 47. The Automobile Abstract and Title Company, petitioner,
v. Frank D. Fitzgerald, Individually. Petition for writ of certiorari
to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Sixth Circuit
denied.
No. 48. American-West African Line, Inc., petitioner, v. The
United States. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Claims
denied.
No. 49. Morris D. Solow, petitioner, v. General Motors Truck Com-
pany. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit
Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit denied.
No. 52. A. N. Hopkins, petitioner, v. The Texas Company. Peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of
Appeals of the Tenth Circuit denied.
No. 53. Estela Romualdez, petitioner, v. The People of the Philip-
pine Islands. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court
of the Philippine Islands denied.

MONDAY, OCTOBER 9, 1933
18
No. 55. Bodine & Clark Livestock Commission Company, peti-
tioner, v. Great Northern Railway Company. Petition for writ of
certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the
Ninth Circuit denied.
No. 57. John T. Clarke, petitioner, v. Chicago, Burlington &
Qunicy Railroad Company et al.;
No. 58. John T. Clarke, petitioner, v. Chicago, Burlington &
Quincy Railroad Company; and
· No. 59. Ella R. Clarke et al., petitioners, v. Chicago, Burlington
& Quincy Railroad Company. Petition for writ of certiorari to
the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Tenth Circuit
denied.
No. 60. G. W. Ingram, Trustee in Bankruptcy, etc., petitioner, v.
State of Oregon. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Circuit Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit denied.
No. 61. Zurich General Accident & Liability Insurance Co.,
Limited, petitioner, v. Charles J. O'Keefe. Petition for writ of
certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the
Eighth Circuit denied.
No. 66. The Life & Casualty Insurance Company, petitioner, v.
The City of Florala, Alabama, et al. Petition for writ of certiorari
to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit
denied.
No. 67. Hannah Blum, petitioner, v. H. R. Davis, as Trustee in
Bankruptcy etc. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Circuit Court of Appeals for the Sixth Circuit denied.
No. 68. Bryant Paper Company, petitioner, v. Marie Sprague
Holden, Executrix, etc. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United
States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Sixth Circuit denied.
No. 73. Wabash Railway Company, petitioner, v. Thomas P. Con-
roy. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Appellate Court, First Dis-
trict, State of Illinois, denied.
No. 74. First National Bank of Greenville, Mississippi et al., peti-
tioners, v. Ben H. Gildart, Tax Collector, etc. Petition for writ of
certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the
Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 81. Chicago, Milwaukee, St. Paul and Pacific Railroad Com-
pany, petitioner, v. A. W. Tate. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
Supreme Court of the State of Washington, denied.
No. 82. William E. Greenawalt, petitioner, v. The Stearns-Roger
Manufacturing Company. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Tenth Circuit denied.

MONDAY, OCTOBER 9, 1933
19
No. 83. Verne W. Fugate, petitioner, v. Toledo, Peoria and West-
ern Railroad Company. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Ap-
pellate Court, First District, State of Illinois, denied.
No. 85. Standard Oil Company, petitioner, v. The United States.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Claims denied.
No. 86. Southern Railway Company and J. P. Mims, petitioner, v.
T. T. Barton, as Administratrix, etc. Petition for writ of certiorari
to the Supreme Court of the State of South Carolina denied.
No. 87. Clark's Ferry Bridge Company, petitioner, v. The Public
Service Commission of the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania. Peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the Superior Court of the State of Penn-
sylvania denied.
No. 90. The United States of America, ex rel. Arcata and Mad
River Railroad Company, petitioner, v. Interstate Commerce Com-
mission. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals of
the District of Columbia denied.
No. 91. The Home Insurance Company of New York, petitioner, v.
Sullivan Machinery Company. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Tenth Circuit
denied.
No. 92. Columbia Casualty Company, petitioner, v. Jacob J.
Tipma. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit
Court of Appeals for the Seventh Circuit denied.
No. 93. Sears, Roebuck & Co., petitioner, v. The United States.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Cus-
toms and Patent Appeals denied.
No. 96. Flemmon E. Gloyd, petitioner, v. Commissioner of Inter-
nal Revenue. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Circuit Court of Appeals for the Eighth Circuit denied.
No. 97. The New York Central Railroad Company, petitioner, v.
Hugh J. Brown. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Circuit Court of Appeals for the Sixth Circuit denied.
No. 98. Ed S. Michelson, Inc., petitioner, v. Nebraska Tire & Rub-
ber Company. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Circuit Court of Appeals for the Eighth Circuit denied.
No. 99. Missouri Pacific Railroad Company, petitioner, v. Chicago
Great Western Railroad Company. Petition for writ of certiorari
to the Supreme Court of the State of Kansas denied.
No. 100. Birmingham Belt Railroad Company, petitioner, v.
Eilleen Bennett, as Administratrix, etc. Petition for writ of cer-
tiorari to the Supreme Court of the State of Alabama denied.

MONDAY, OCTOBER 9, 1933
20
No. 102. Penick & Ford, Ltd., Inc., petitioner, v. Corn Products
Refining Company. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United
States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Seventh Circuit denied.
No. 105. Munson Steamship Line, petitioner, v. Bergen Lloyd;
and
No. 202. Bergen Lloyd, petitioner, v. Munson Steamship Line.
Petition for writs of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court
of Appeals for the Second Circuit denied.
. No. 107. Taylor Eli, James Eli, et al., petitioners, v. The Carter
Oil Company et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme
Court of the State of Oklahoma denied.
No. 108. United Business Corporation of America, petitioner, v.
Commissioner of Internal Revenue. Petition for writ of certiorari
to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit
denied.
No. 109. Norman T. Whitaker, petitioner, v. The United States of
America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Cir-
cuit Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 110. Spinks Realty Company, petitioner, v. Commissioner of
Internal Revenue. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of
Appeals of the District of Columbia denied.
No. 111. The Chicago, Rock Island and Pacific Railway Company,
petitioner, v. Leo Benson. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
Supreme Court of the State of Illinois denied.
No. 113. Charles A. Kip et al., etc., petitioners, v. The New York
Central Railroad Company et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to
the Supreme Court of the State of New York denied.
No. 115. B. J. Kline, petitioner, v. T. J. Blackwell and W. L.
Gray, Jr., doing business as Blackwell & Gray et al. Petition for
writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for
the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 116. Quanah, Acme & Pacific Railway Company, petitioner, v.
F. M. Gray. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Circuit Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 118. Coalinga-Mohawk Oil Company, petitioner, v. Commis-
sioner of Internal Revenue. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit denied.
No. 119. Halsey McGovern, petitioner, v. Moultrie Hitt et al.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals of the District
of Columbia denied.
No. 120. Elmer W. Kelley and The General Street Signal Corpora-
tion, petitioners, v. The City of New York and John A. Harrison.
13563-33-4

MONDAY, OCTOBER 9, 1933
21
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of
Appeals for the Second Circuit denied.
No. 121. Employer's Liability Assurance Corporation, Ltd., peti-
tioner, v. William H. Kerper et al. Petition for writ of certiorari
to the Court of Appeals of the District of Columbia denied.
No. 122. Earlston Coal Company, petitioner, v. Huntington Na-
tional Bank of Columbus, Ohio. Petition for writ of certiorari to
the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Sixth Circuit
denied.
No. 125. Tillman & Bendel, Inc., petitioner, v. California Packing
Corporation; and
No. 201. California Packing Corporation, petitioner, v. Tillman
& Bendel, Inc. Petitions for writs of certiorari to the United States
Circuit Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit denied.
No. 127. Lorena May Levi, by Louis Daffern, etc., petitioner, v.
Mazie Lea Murrell et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit
denied.
No. 132. National Surety Company, petitioner, v. Ernest L. Gar-
retson et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Circuit Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 233. Frederick T. Fleitmann, petitioner, v. Guy T. Helvering,
Commissioner of Internal Revenue;
No. 234. Marie J. J. Fleitmann et al., petitioners, v. Guy T. Helver-
ing, Commissioner of Internal Revenue; and
No. 235. Marie J. J. Fleitmann et al., petitioners, v. Guy T. Helver-
ing, Commissioner of Internal Revenue. Petitions for writs of cer-
tiorari to the Court of Appeals of the District of Columbia denied.
No. 134. John Taylor and Olive Taylor, petitioners, v. The United
States Casualty Company. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Fourth Circuit
denied.
No. 136. Euel Lee, alias Orphan Jones, petitioner, v. The State of
Maryland. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals
of the State of Maryland denied.
No. 137. Atlantic Coast Line Railroad Company, petitioner, v.
Janie Primus, as Administratrix, etc. Petition for writ of certiorari
to the Supreme Court of the State of South Carolina denied.
No. 151. Western Knitting Mills, Wallace G. Kay, et al., petition-
ers, v. The United States. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
Court of Claims denied.

MONDAY, OCTOBER 9, 1933
22
No. 156. Southern Shipyard Corporation, petitioner, v. The United
States. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Claims
denied.
No. 159. The United States, petitioner, v. Frank R. Pitt. Peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the Court of Claims denied.
No. 160. F. T. Dooley Lumber Company, petitioner, v. The United
States of America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United
States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Eighth Circuit denied.
No. 164 Margaret W. Long and George M. Cushing, Trustee for
Margaret W. Long, petitioner, v. John Stites et al.; and
No. 165. John S. Deering and Harvey M. Graybill, for themselves
and as Trustee, etc., et al., petitioners, v. John Stites et al. Petition
for writs of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals
for the Sixth Circuit denied.
No. 167. W. A. Whitaker, Dona W. Hammel, et al., petitioners, v.
Alameda County Home Investment Co. Petition for writ of cer-
tiorari to the Supreme Court of the State of California denied.
No. 169. Florence B. Fawsett, petitioner, v. Commissioner of Inter-
nal Revenue. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Circuit Court of Appeals for the Seventh Circuit denied.
No. 170. United Order of Good Samaritans, petitioner, v. Carrie
Bryant. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of the
State of Arkansas denied.
No. 174. C. F. Routzahn, Collector of Internal Revenue, petitioner,
v. Fayette Brown, Executor, etc. Petition for writ of certiorari to
the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Sixth Circuit
denied.
No. 175. Kosmos Portland Cement Company, petitioner, v. Ben
Johnson, Administrator, etc., et al.; and
No. 176. Kosmos Portland Cement Company, petitioner, v. Rose
Sauer, Executrix, etc. Petition for writs of certiorari to the United
States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Sixth Circuit denied.
No. 177. Louis Freedman, petitioner, v. The United States of
America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Cir-
cuit Court of Appeals for the First Circuit denied.
No. 179. Edward Muscarelle et al., petitioners, v. The United
States of America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United
States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit denied.
No. 180. Sam Conoscente et al., petitioners, v. The United States
of America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Circuit Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit denied.

MONDAY, OCTOBER 9, 1933
23
No. 181. Grace Torrance Clark, Administratrix, etc., et al., peti-
tioners, v. Helen Moffett et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
Supreme Court of the State of Kansas denied.
No. 182. Cornelius W. Paxson, petitioner, v. Willie A. Davis; and
No. 183. Cornelius W. Paxson, petitioner, v. James B. Davis.
Petition for writs of certiorari to the Court of Appeals of the District
of Columbia denied.
No. 185. Walter R. Mayne and Frank E. Williams, petitioners, v.
St. Louis Union Trust Company. Petition for writ of certiorari to
the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Eighth Circuit
denied.
No. 186. Josiah E. Brill, as Receiver of Foshay Investors Corpora-
tion, petitioner, v. W. B. Foshay Co., a Delaware Corporation, et al.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of
Appeals for the Eighth Circuit denied.
No. 188. Pacific Atlantic Steamship Company, petitioner, v.
Mooremack Gulf Lines, Inc., et al. Petition for writ of certiorari
to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Second
Circuit denied.
No. 190. The Pennsylvania Railroad Company, petitioner, v.
Frank A. Deptula. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of
Errors and Appeals of the State of New Jersey denied.
No. 191. Walter E. Corwin, Collector of Internal Revenue, peti-
tioner, v. George Gliss Lane.; and
No. 192. Walter E. Corwin, Collector of Internal Revenue, peti-
tioner, v. James W. Lane, Jr. Petition for writs of certiorari to
the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit
denied.
No. 193. Mary G. Mulqueen, as Executrix, etc., petitioner, v. Com-
missioner of Internal Revenue. Petition for writ of certiorari to
the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit
denied.
No. 195. Milton C. McGreevy and Milton W. McGreevy, copart-
ners, etc., petitioners, v. National Surety Company. Petition for
writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals
for the Eighth Circuit denied.
No. 197. Ed Kasch and Theodora Kasch, petitioners, v. Commis-
sioner of Internal Revenue. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 199. Corning Glass Works, petitioner, v. Thomas E. Robert-
son, Commissioner of Patents. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
Court of Appeals of the District of Columbia denied.

MONDAY, OCTOBER 9, 1933
24
No. 204. Bernard C. McGuire and Frank E. Hering, petitioners,
v. The United States of America; and
No. 265. Conrad H. Mann, petitioner, v. The United States of
America. Petitions for writs of certiorari to the United States
Circuit Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit denied.
No. 205. Southern Railway-Carolina Division, petitioner, v. Will
Lytle, as Administrator, etc. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
Supreme Court of the State of South Carolina denied.
. No. 206. Midland Finance Corporation, petitioner, v. Clarence M.
Busch. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit
Court of Appeals for the Eighth Circuit denied.
No. 207. Meredith Publishing Company, Successor, etc., petitioner,
v. Commissioner of Internal Revenue. Petition for writ of cer-
tiorari to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Eighth
Circuit denied.
No. 209. Harry M. Martin, petitioner, v. The United States of
America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Cir-
cuit Court of Appeals for the Sixth Circuit denied.
No. 210. Claiborne-Reno Company, petitioner, v. E. I. DuPont
De Nemours & Company. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Eighth Circuit
denied.
No. 213. Max L. Friedberg and James B. Wilson, petitioners, v.
The United States of America. Petition for writ of certiorari to
the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit
denied.
No. 214. The Baltimore & Ohio Railroad Company et al., peti-
tioners, v. Domestic Hardwoods, Inc., et al. Petition for writ of
certiorari to the Court of Appeals of the District of Columbia denied.
No. 215. Virginia D. Simmons, Anna L. Rozzelle, et al., petition-
ers, v. Fidelity National Bank and Trust Company of Kansas City
et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit
Court of Appeals for the Eighth Circuit denied.
No. 216. South Carolina Asparagus Growers Association, peti-
tioner, v. Southern Railway Company et al. Petition for writ of
certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the
Fourth Circuit denied.
No. 217. Radio-Keith-Orpheum Corporation et al., petitioners, v.
Howard S. Cullman, as Receiver, etc. et al. Petition for writ of
certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the
Second Circuit denied.

MONDAY, OCTOBER 9, 1933
25
No. 218. The New York Central Railroad Company, petitioner, v.
Charles Modica. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme
Court of the State of New York denied.
No. 220. Weatherford, Crump & Company, petitioner, v. James
W. Bass, Collector of Internal Revenue, etc. Petition for writ of
certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the
Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 221. Chemische Fabrik Von Heyden, Aktien-Gesellschaft and
Howard Sutherland, Alien Property Custodian, petitioners, v. Galen
L. Tait, Collector of Internal Revenue, etc. Petition for writ of
certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the
Fourth Circuit denied.
No. 223. The First National Bank & Trust Company of Oklahoma
City, Oklahoma, petitioner, v. Stock Yards Loan Company. Peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of
Appeals for the Eighth Circuit denied.
No. 226. The United States of America, Owner of the SS.
"Arizpa", petitioner. v. The Consolidation Coal Company. Peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of
Appeals for the Fourth Circuit denied.
No. 230. Gillette Safety Razor Company, petitioner, v. Standard
Safety Razor Company. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
United States to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the
Second Circuit denied.
No. 272. Gillette Safety Razor Company, petitioner, v. Hawley
Hardware Company. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United
States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit denied.
No. 273. Gillette Safety Razor Company, petitioner, v. Standard
Safety Razor Company. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit
denied.
No. 231. Bank of California, N.A., petitioner, v. International
Mercantile Marine Company. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit
denied.
No. 232. Bank of California, N.A., Petitioner, v. International
Mercantile Marine Company. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit
denied.
No. 264. M. & T. Trust Company, petitioner, v. Export Steamship
Corporation. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court
of the State of New York denied.

MONDAY, OCTOBER 9, 1933
26
No. 236. Southern Cities Distributing Company, petitioner, v.
City of Texarkana, Arkansas, et al. Petition for writ of certiorari
to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Eighth Cir-
cuit denied.
No. 237. Christine Lidstrom, as Administrator, etc., petitioner, v.
Ernest A. Spongberg, Administrator. Petition for writ of certio-
rari to the Supreme Court of the State of Minnesota denied.
No. 238. Louis M. Bourne, petitioner, v. Commissioner of Internal
Revenue. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Cir-
cuit Court of Appeals for the Fourth Circuit denied.
No. 242. A. F. Luse, petitioner, v. The United States of America.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of
Appeals for the Ninth Circuit denied.
No. 243. Brooks D. Gist et al., petitioners, v. New York Life Insur-
ance Company. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Circuit Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit denied.
No. 244. Philadelphia Storage Battery Company, petitioner, v.
Kelly-How-Thomson Company. Petition for writ of certiorari to
the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Eighth Circuit
denied.
No. 245. H. C. Walker, Jr., petitioner, v. Commissioner of Internal
Revenue;
No. 246. Mrs. H. C. Walker, Jr., petitioner, v. Commissioner of
Internal Revenue;
No. 247. Elias Goldstein, petitioner, v. Commissioner of Internal
Revenue; and
No. 248. Mrs. Elias Goldstein, petitioner, v. Commissioner of
Internal Revenue. Petitions for writs of certiorari to the United
States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 249. Roy M. Johnson et al., petitioners, v. United States of
America; and
No. 250. Roy M. Johnson et al., petitioners, v. The United States
of America. Petitions for writs of certiorari to the United States
Circuit Court of Appeals for the Tenth Circuit denied.
No. 251. Fidelity Savings and Loan Association, petitioner, v.
David Burnet, Commissioner of Internal Revenue. Petition for writ
of certiorari to the Court of Appeals of the District of Columbia
denied.
No. 252. David Burnet, Commissioner of Internal Revenue, peti-
tioner, v. Hutchinson Coal Company. Petition for writ of cer-
tiorari to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Fourth
Circuit denied.

MONDAY, OCTOBER 9, 1933
27
No. 253. Comar Oil Company, petitioner, v. David Burnet, Com-
missioner of Internal Revenue. Petition for writ of certiorari to
the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Eighth Circuit
denied.
No. 254. The First National Bank of Kansas City, Missouri, peti-
tioner, v. The United States of America. Petition for writ of cer-
tiorari to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Eighth
Circuit denied.
No. 255. David L. Galbraith et al., petitioners, v. Bay Trust Com-
pany, Trustee, etc.; and
No. 256. David L. Galbraith et al., petitioner, v. Bay Trust Com-
pany, Trustee, etc. Petitions for writs of certiorari to the United
States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Sixth Circuit denied.
No. 258. Tropic-Aire, Inc., petitioner, v. E. A. Wildermuth. Peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of
Appeals for the Second Circuit denied.
No. 259. Charles L. Surprise, Trustee, etc., petitioner, v. First
Trust & Savings Bank of Hammond, Indiana, et al. Petition for
writ of certiorari to the Appellate Court of the State of Indiana
denied.
No. 261. Foshay Trust & Savings Bank, petitioner, v. Public
Utilities Consolidated Corporation. Petition for writ of certiorari
to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Eighth Circuit
denied.
No. 262. Seas Shipping Company, Inc., petitioner, v. Approxi-
mately 3,251,000 feet board measure of lumber laden or lately laden
on board of the S.S. "Robin Gray" et al. Petition for writ of
certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the
Second Circuit denied.
No. 263. Oil Transfer Corporation et al., petitioner, v. C. F.
Harms Co., Inc., et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United
States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit denied.
No. 266. Aaron Mosheik, petitioner, v. The United States of
America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit
Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 267. Barlett Frazier Company et al., petitioners, v. Henry A.
Wallace, Secretary of Agriculture, et al. Petition for writ of cer-
tiorari to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Seventh
Circuit denied.
No. 270. Louisville & Nashville Railroad Company et al., peti-
tioners, v. W. W. Bumpass. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
Supreme Court of the State of Tennessee denied.

MONDAY, OCTOBER 9, 1933
28
No. 271. Ignacio Nabong, petitioner, v. The People of the Philip-
pine Islands. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court.
of the Philippine Islands denied.
No. 275. Texas Electric Service Company, petitioner, v. Fairbanks,
Morse & Company. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United
States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 276. Bedford Mills, Inc., petitioner, v. The United States.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Claims denied.
No. 277. Harjim, Inc., et al., petitioners, v. James M. Owens, Jr.,
etc. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit
Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 278. Mobile and Ohio Railroad Company et al., petitioners, v.
Myrtle Williams, Administratrix, etc. Petition for writ of cer-
tiorari to the Supereme Court of the State of Alabama denied.
No. 279. Harriet S. Shoemaker, Trustee, individually and as
Administratrix, etc., petitioner, v. Enos S. Newman et al., trustees,
etc. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals of the
District of Columbia denied.
No. 281. Missouri Pacific Railroad Corporation in Nebraska, peti-
tioner, v. Nebraska State Railway Commission et al. Petition for
writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals
for the Eighth Circuit denied.
No. 282. David Burnet, Commissioner of Internal Revenue, peti-
tioner, v. Marian B. Pringle;
No. 283. David Burnet, Commissioner of Internal Revenue, peti-
tioner, v. Phyllis B. Brunson. Petitions for writs of certiorari to
the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit
denied.
No. 284. Moran Towing & Transportation Company, Inc., peti-
tioner, v. Robins Dry Dock & Repair Company et al. Petition for
writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals of the State of New York
denied.
No. 285. Moran Towing & Transportation Company, Inc., peti-
tioner, v. Robins Dry Dock & Repair Company et al. Petition for
writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of the State of New York
denied.
No. 286. Johnny Klinge, petitioner, v. Southern Pacific Company.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court
of Appeals for the Tenth Circuit denied.
No. 287. Charles G. Wiggins, petitioner, v. The United States of
America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit
Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit denied.
13563-33-5

MONDAY, OCTOBER 9, 1933
29
No. 289. Gans Steamship Line, petitioner, v. The United States of
America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit
Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit denied.
No. 291. London & Lancashire Indemnity Company, petitioner, v.
Elizabeth Stefus et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
Supreme Court of the State of New Jersey denied.
No. 292. Glogora Coal Company, petitioner, v. Chesapeake & Ohio
Railway Company. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme
Court of Appeals of the State of West Virginia denied.
No. 296. Margaret A. Darcey, petitioner, v. Thomas W. O'Brien,
Trustee. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals of
the District of Columbia denied.
No. 297. Sheer Pharmacal Corporation, etc., petitioner, v. Joseph
Donner. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit
Court of Appeals for the Eighth Circuit denied.
No. 299. Ernest Whitworth Marland, petitioner, v. The United
States. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Claims denied.
No. 300. William G. Werth, etc., petitioner, v. Fire Companies'
Adjustment Bureau, Inc. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
Supreme Court of Appeals of the State of Virginia denied.
No. 301. Michael Tessitore, petitioner, v. The United States of
America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Cir-
cuit Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 302. Roderick J. Seals, petitioner, v. The United States of
America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit
Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 303. Bank of Italy National Trust & Savings Association,
petitioner, v. G. J. Bentley et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to
the Supreme Court of the State of California denied.
No. 305. Antoine M. Trudeau, petitioner, v. Charles S. Barnes.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of
Appeals for the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 306. Benjamin H. Kessler, petitioner, v. Buick Motor Com-
pany. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit
Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 307. Will N. Terry et al., petitioners, v. The Midland Refining
Company. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Cir-
cuit Court of Appeals for the Tenth Circuit denied.
No. 309. A. O. Newberry et al., petitioners, v. Davison Chemical
Company; and
No. 310. A. O. Newberry et al., petitioners, v. Davison Chemical
Company. Petitions for writs of certiorari to the United States
Circuit Court of Appeals for the Fourth Circuit denied.

MONDAY, OCTOBER 9, 1933
30
No. 314. Intertype Corporation et al., petitioners, v. Frank F.
Pulver. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit
Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 315. Joseph H. Adams, petitioner, v. Commissioner of Inter-
nal Revenue. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Circuit Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 316. Isaac Chapman, petitioner, v. Washington Railway &
Electric Company. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of
Appeals of the District of Columbia denied.
No. 317. Ruwin Kowal, petitioner, v. Frances Perkins, Secretary
of Labor;
No. 318. Haroutian Kabadian, etc., petitioner, v. Frances Perkins,
Secretary of Labor;
No. 319. Mohamed Abraham, etc., petitioner, v. Frances Perkins,
Secretary of Labor;
No. 320. Celestino Guiseppe Polombo, petitioner, v. Frances
Perkins, Secretary of Labor;
No. 321. Giovanni Spica, petitioner, v. Frances Perkins, Secretary
of Labor; and
No. 322. Peter Petikas, petitioner, v. Frances Perkins, Secretary of
Labor. Petitions for writs of certiorari to the Court of Appeals of
the District of Columbia denied.
No. 323. The Curtis Publishing Company, petitioner, v. Harry
Neyland. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Cir-
cuit Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit denied.
No. 324. Pennsylvania Coal & Coke Corporation, petitioner, v.
The United States. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of
Claims denied.
No. 326. Emmet Queen, petitioner, v. Commonwealth Trust Com-
pany et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Circuit Court of Appeals for the Third Circuit denied.
No. 327. Baltimore Equitable Society, petitioner, v. The United
States. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Claims de-
nied.
No. 328. Angel Vargas, petitioner, v. Petronila Chua et al. Peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of the Philippine
Islands denied.
No. 330. City of Corsicana, petitioner, v. John A. Hulen, Receiver,
etc. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit
Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 331. Louis Gatto, petitioner, v. The United States of America;
and

MONDAY, OCTOBER 9, 1933
31
No. 332. Dorothy Gatto, petitioner, v. The United States of
America. Petitions for writs of certiorari to the United States Cir-
cuit Court of Appeals for the Seventh Circuit denied.
No. 333. The Continental Illinois Bank and Trust Company,
Executor, etc., petitioner, v. The United States of America. Peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of
Appeals for the Seventh Circuit denied.
No. 334. The Northern Trust Company et al., Executors, peti-
tioners, v. The United States of America. Petition for writ of cer-
tiorari to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Sev-
enth Circuit denied.
No. 335. William D. Dean, Administrator, etc., petitioner, v. The
United States of America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Seventh Circuit
denied.
No. 336. August Kadow et al., petitioners, v. Thomas E. Robert-
son, Commissioner of Patents. Petition for writ of certiorari to
the Court of Appeals of the District of Columbia denied.
No. 337. Consolidated Coppermines Corporation, petitioner, v.
Nevada Consolidated Copper Company. Petition for writ of cer-
tiorari to United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Ninth Cir-
cuit denied.
No. 340. The National Park Bank of New York, petitioner, v. The
United States of America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit
denied.
No. 341. W. J. Rutledge, Jr., Receiver, etc., petitioner, v. L. L.
Bristol, Trustee, etc. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United.
States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 345. Paul Rabkin, petitioner, v. The United States of America.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of
Appeals for the Second Circuit denied.
No. 346. George E. Robson, petitioner, v. The United States of
America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Cir-
cuit Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit denied.
No. 348. George Curtis Treadwell et al., Executors, etc., peti-
tioners, v. Herbert Putnam. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
Court of Appeals of the District of Columbia denied.
No. 350. C. Dale Wolf, petitioner, v. The Bass Furniture & Carpet
Company. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of
the State of Oklahoma denied.
No. 417. George L. Squier Manufacturing Co., petitioner, v. Man-
uel V. Domenech, Treasurer. Consideration of petition for writ of

MONDAY, OCTOBER 9, 1933
32
certiorari deferred until after November 24 next, on motion of Mr.
William Catron Rigby in that behalf.
No. 13, original. The State of New Jersey, complainant, v. The
State of Delaware. Report of the Special Master submitted by Mr.
William L. Rawls, Special Master.
No., original. State of Alabama, petitioners, v. State of Arizona
et al. Returns to the rules to show cause presented.
No. 69. J. H. Merriam, as Executor of the Will and Estate of Alice
E. Day, deceased, petitioner, v. The United States District Court in
and for the District of Arizona. On petition for writ of certiorari
to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit.
Dismissed per stipulation of counsel.
No. 268. Plaza Amusement Company and Saenger Theatres, Inc.
petitioners, v. Levi Rothenberg et al. On petition for writ of cer-
tiorari to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Fifth
Circuit. Dismissed per stipulation of counsel.
No. 11. Central Kentucky Natural Gas Company, appellant, v.
Railroad Commission of Kentucky et al. Passed until tomorrow.
No. 2. John Factor, petitioner, v. H. C. W. Laubenheimer, United
States Marshal et al. Reargued by Mr. Newton D. Baker for the
petitioner, and by Mr. William D. Mitchell for respondent, Godfrey
Haggard, His Brittanic Majesty's Consul General.
No. 39. J. J. Nathanson, petitioner, v. The United States of Amer-
ica. Argued by Mr. Frederic M. P. Pearse for the petitioner, and
by Mr. Assistant Solicitor General MacLean for the respondent.
No. 50. Charles A. Shepard, petitioner, v. The United States of
America. Argument commenced by Mr. Harry W. Colmery for the
petitioner, and continued by Mr. Solicitor General Biggs for the
respondent.
Adjourned until tomorrow at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Tuesday, October 10, will be as follows: Nos. 50,
11, 1, 3, 4, 5, 7, 9, 10, and 12.

TUESDAY, OCTOBER 10, 1933
33
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: The Chief Justice, Mr. Justice Van Devanter, Mr. Jus-
tice McReynolds, Mr. Justice Brandeis, Mr. Justice Sutherland, Mr.
Justice Butler, Mr. Justice Stone, Mr. Justice Roberts, and Mr.
Justice Cardozo.
John Lichty, of Portland, Oreg.; Harry F. Morton, of Anchorage,
Alaska; W. B. Woodson, of Washington, D.C.; H. Eugene Gardner,
of Glenside, Pa.; Thomas H. Middleton, of New York City; George
B. Guthrie, of Portland, Oreg.; Frank H. Patton, of Santa Fe,
N.Mex.; Herbert M. Bingham, of Butte, Mont.; and F. D. Wright,
of Cisco, Tex., were admitted to practice.
The Chief Justice announced the following orders of the Court:
No. 2, original. The State of Vermont, complainant, v. The State
of New Hampshire. The Court, being advised that the parties
hereto desire that the decree to be entered herein shall provide for
the appointment of a commissioner to mark upon the ground such
parts of the boundary line between the State of Vermont and the
State of New Hampshire, settled and determined by this Court, as
shall be designated by the parties hereto.
It is now ordered that before entry of the decree herein, and
within sixty days from the date hereof, each State shall give written
notice to the other State of the points between which such State
desires that such boundary line shall be definitively marked by monu-
ments, with proper inscriptions, and within said time shall file
proof of said notice with the Clerk of this Court. If the two States
so elect they may within such sixty days file with the Clerk of this
Court, in lieu of such notices, a stipulation containing an agreed
designation of the parts of the boundary to be so marked.
No. 11. Central Kentucky Natural Gas Company, appellant, v.
Railroad Commission of Kentucky et al. Motion to dismiss denied
and case reassigned for argument on Monday, November 6, next,
after the cases heretofore assigned for that day.
No. 50. Charles A. Shepard, petitioner, v. The United States of
America. Argument continued by Mr. Solicitor General Biggs
13563-33——7

TUESDAY, OCTOBER 10, 1933
34
for the respondent, and concluded by Mr. Charles L. Kagey for the
petitioner.
No. 1. Fidelity and Deposit Company of Maryland, petitioner, v.
George C. Arenz. Argued by Mr. John Lichty for the petitioner,
and case submitted by Mr. John C. Veatch for the respondent.
No. 3. Columbia-Deschutes Power Company, appellant, v. Charles
E. Stricklin, as State Engineer of the State of Oregon. Argued
on the motion to dismiss by Mr. Willis S. Moore, for the appellee,
in support thereof, and by Mr. Arthur L. Veazie, for the appellant,
in opposition thereto. Motion to dismiss granted.
No. 4. Krauss Bros. Lumber Company, petitioner, v. Dimon
Steamship Corporation, claimant, etc. Argument commenced by
Mr. Lane Summers, for the petitioner, continued by Mr. Claude E.
Wakefield for the respondent, and by Mr. Lane Summers, for the
petitioner.
Adjourned until tomorrow at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Wednesday, October 11, will be as follows: Nos.
4, 5, 7, 9, 10, 12, 13, 14, 15, and 17.

WEDNESDAY, OCTOBER 11, 1933
35
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: The Chief Justice, Mr. Justice Van Devanter, Mr. Jus-
tice McReynolds, Mr. Justice Brandeis, Mr. Justice Sutherland, Mr.
Justice Butler, Mr. Justice Stone, Mr. Justice Roberts, and Mr.
Justice Cardozo.
Edward E. Dicker, of Philadelphia, Pa.; David L. Ullman, of
Philadelphia, Pa.; Dexter Hamilton, of Dallas, Tex.; Charles Lorin
Clark, of Fresno, Calif.; Henry Herzbrun, of New York City; Bert
H. Miller, of Boise, Idaho; Mortimer C. Lyddane, of Washington,
D.C.; Herbert W. Hirsh, of Chicago, Ill.; Samuel A. Boorstin, of
Tulsa, Okla.; James Messer, Jr., of Tallahassee, Fla.; Harold E. Stas-
sen, of South Saint Paul, Minn.; Simon Fleishman, of Washington,
D.C.; Jones T. Prowell, of New Orleans, La.; and Bolivar Pagan,
of San Juan, Puerto Rico, were admitted to practice.
No. 241. Herman Snyder, petitioner, v. Commonwealth of Massa-
chusetts. This Court having granted the petition for writ of cer-
tiorari in the above-entitled cause on October 9, 1933.
It is now ordered that the stay of the judgment and sentence in
this cause granted by Mr. Justice Brandeis on July 1, 1933, be, and
the same is hereby, continued in full force and effect until the final
disposition of the case in this Court or further order which this
Court may deem proper.
No. 4. Krauss Bros. Lumber Company, petitioner, v. Dimon Steam-
ship Corporation, claimant, etc. Argument concluded by Mr. Lane
Summers for the petitioner.
No. 5. Ivan E. Oakes, petitioner, v. Ben Lake, as Sheriff, etc.
Argued by Mr. George B. Guthrie for the petitioner, and case sub-
mitted by Mr. William Healy for the respondent.
No. 7. The State of Minnesota, petitioner, v. George Blasius.
Argument commenced by Mr. Harry H. Peterson for the petitioner ;
continued by Mr. Harold E. Stassen for the petitioner; and by Mr.
D. L. Grannis for the respondent; and concluded by Mr. Harry H.
Peterson for the petitioner.
13563-33- -8

WEDNESDAY, OCTOBER 11, 1933
36
No. 9. Cullen Fuel Company, Inc., owner, etc., petitioner, v. W. E.
Hedger, Inc., Bailee of Cargo. Argued by Mr. Horace L. Cheyney
for the petitioner, and by Mr. Thomas H. Middleton for respondent.
Leave granted to file reply brief for petitioner.
No. 12. Concordia Fire Insurance Company, appellant, v. The
People of the State of Illinois. Argument commenced by Mr.
George Wharton Pepper for the appellant, and continued by Mr.
Hiram T. Gilbert for the appellee.
· Adjourned until tomorrow at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Thursday, October 12, will be as follows: Nos. 12,
10, 13, 14, 15, 17, 18 (and 19), 21, 20, and 22 (23 and 24).

THURSDAY, OCTOBER 12, 1933
37
THURSDAY, OCTOBER 12, 1933
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: The Chief Justice, Mr. Justice Van Devanter, Mr. Justice
McReynolds, Mr. Justice Brandeis, Mr. Justice Sutherland, Mr.
Justice Butler, Mr. Justice Stone, Mr. Justice Roberts, and Mr.
Justice Cardozo.
Lester H. Loble, of Helena, Mont.; Carl R. Perkins, of Nashville,
Tenn.; Budd Samuel Weisser, of New York City; Thos. M. Lyles,
of Spartansburg, S.C.; B. F. Paty, of West Palm Beach, Fla.;
George A. Gordon, of Chicago, Ill.; Francis B. Winthrop, of Talla-
hassee, Fla.; and Stephen Nettles, of Greenville, S.C., were admitted
to practice.
No. 12. Concordia Fire Insurance Company, appellant, v. The
People of the State of Illinois. Argument continued by Mr. Hiram
T. Gilbert for the appellee, and concluded by Mr. George Wharton
Pepper for the appellant.
No. 10. Charles P. Bullard et al., petitioners. v. City of Cisco,
Texas. Argued by Mr. Dexter Hamilton for the petitioners, and
by Mr. F. D. Wright for the respondent.
No. 13. The Trainor Company, petitioner, v. The Aetna Casualty
& Surety Company. Argued by Mr. David L. Ullman for the
petitioner, and by Mr. Joseph W. Henderson for the respondent.
Leave granted petitioner to file additional brief by tomorrow.
No. 14. W. A. Yarborough, petitioner, v. Sadie Yarborough, by
her guardian ad litem, R. D. Blowers. Argument commenced by
Mr. Stephen Nettles for the petitioner.
Adjourned until tomorrow at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Friday, October 13, will be as follows: Nos. 14,
15, 17, 18 (and 19), 20, 21, 22 (23 and 24), 25, 26, and 27.
☑
13563-33-9
U.S. GOVERNMENT PRINTING OFFICE: 1933

FRIDAY, OCTOBER 13, 1933
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
38
Present: The Chief Justice, Mr. Justice Van Devanter, Mr. Jus-
tice McReynolds, Mr. Justice Brandeis, Mr. Justice Sutherland, Mr.
Justice Butler, Mr. Justice Stone, Mr. Justice Roberts, and Mr.
Justice Cardozo.
Harry Spencer Snyder, of Sioux City, Iowa; William H. Bur-
well, of Miami, Fla.; Sidney J. Watts, of Pittsburgh, Pa.; and
Lloyd H. Dopp, of Laredo, Tex., were admitted to practice.
No. 14. W. A. Yarborough, petitioner, v. Sadie Yarborough, by
her guardian ad litem, R. D. Blowers. Argument continued by Mr.
Stephen Nettles for the petitioner, and concluded by Mr. Thomas
M. Lyles for the respondent.
No. 15. E. P. Jacobs and Augustus Gunter, Executor of the Last
Will of Mrs. S. B. Gunter, decedent, petitioners, v. The United States
of America. Argued by Mr. Charles C. Moore for the petitioner,
and by Mr. Solicitor General Biggs for the respondent.
No. 17. The United States of America et al., appellants, v. The
State of Louisiana et al. Argued by Mr. Daniel W. Knowlton for
the appellants, The United States and The Interstate Commerce
Commission, and by Mr. Wylie M. Barrow, for the appellees, and
case submitted by Mr. J. Blanc Monroe for the appellant, New
Orleans & Northeastern Railroad Company, and by Mr. Harry
McCall, for the appellants, The Texas & New Orleans Railroad
Company et al.
No. 18. David Burnet, Commissioner of Internal Revenue, peti-
tioner, v. Northern Coal Company;
No. 19. David Burnet, Commissioner of Internal Revenue, peti-
tioner, v. C. H. Sprague & Son Company; and
No. 21. David Burnet, Commissioner of Internal Revenue, peti-
tioner, v. Oswego and Syracuse Railroad Company. Argument com-
menced by Mr. Erwin N. Griswold for the petitioner, and continued
by Mr. Paul F. Myers for the respondents in Nos. 18 and 19.
Adjourned until Monday next at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Monday, October 16, will be as follows: Nos.
18 (19 and 21), 20, 8, 22 (23 and 24), 25, 26, 27, 30, 31, and 33.
13563-33-10

MONDAY, OCTOBER 16, 1933
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
39
Present: The Chief Justice, Mr. Justice Van Devanter, Mr. Justice
McReynolds, Mr. Justice Brandeis, Mr. Justice Sutherland, Mr. Jus-
tice Butler, Mr. Justice Stone, Mr. Justice Roberts, and Mr. Justice
Cardozo.
Fanney Neyman, of Washington, D.C.; Edgar Waite Clark, of
Pawnee, Okla.; Edmond M. Cook, of Davenport, Iowa; William
John Kenney, of San Francisco, Calif.; C. Brewster Rhoads, of
Philadelphia, Pa.; Michael Edward Cassidy, of Phoenix, Ariz.; and
John A. Groeneveld, of Butte, Mont., were admitted to practice.
The Chief Justice announced the following order of the Court:
No. 3. Columbia-Deschutes Power Company, appellant, v. Charles
E. Stricklin, as State Engineer of the State of Oregon. Per curiam:
The appeal herein is dismissed for the want of jurisdiction, upon the
ground that the application for allowance of the appeal was not
made within the time provided by law. Sec. 8 (a), Act of February.
13, 1925 (c. 229, 43 Stat. 936, 940; U.S. Code, Title 28, Sec. 350).
The Chief Justice said:
The other orders of the Court appear upon the list certified to by
the Chief Justice and filed with the clerk, and will not be announced
orally.
No. 6, original. The State of Louisiana, complainant, v. The State
of Mississippi. And now, October 16, 1933, the Court having con-
sidered the statement dated June 19, 1933, filed by Samuel S. Gan-
nett, Commissioner, showing the work done, time employed, and
expenses incurred by him in running, locating, and marking the
boundary line between the States of Louisiana and Mississippi, as
directed by the decree herein of April 13, 1931 (283 U.S. 793), by
which it was, inter alia, ordered, adjudged, and decreed that the costs
of its execution, including the compensation and expenses of the
Commissioner, should be borne in equal parts by the two States; and
it appearing thereby that the amount expended by the said Commis-
sioner in the premises is $2,819.62, and that the same has been repaid
to the Commissioner in equal parts by the two States; the said report
is hereby approved and adopted.
13563-33--11

MONDAY, OCTOBER 16, 1933
40
The compensation of the Commissioner for the work done by him
as shown in such report is hereby fixed at $2,600.00.
It is ordered that the action of the two States in paying the ex-
penses incurred by the Commissioner be approved.
It is further ordered that the two States shall pay in equal shares
the amount hereby fixed as compensation of the Commissioner for
the work done by him.
No., original. The State of Alabama, complainant, v. The States
of Arizona et al. The returns to the rules to show cause are received
and ordered filed. The case is assigned for argument on the rules
and returns on Monday, January 8 next. Briefs for the complain-
ant to be filed two weeks before the date fixed for argument, and
briefs for the defendants to be filed one week before that date.
No. 13, original. The State of New Jersey, complainant, v. The
State of Delaware. The report of the Special Master is received and
ordered to be filed. Exceptions, if any, to the report of the Special
Master are to be filed on or before November 27 next. Briefs, if any,
are to be filed on or before December 18 next. Reply briefs, if any,
are to be filed on or before January 2 next, and the case is assigned
for argument on exceptions to the report of the Special Master, if
any, on Monday, January 8 next.
No. 374. Howard C. Dickerson, alias Harry C. Wimbley, alias
John C. Dickerson, etc., petitioner, v. The United States of America.
On petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals of the Dis-
trict of Columbia. The motion for leave to proceed further herein
in forma pauperis is denied for the reason that the Court, upon ex-
amination of the papers herein submitted, finds no ground upon
which a writ of certiorari should be granted. The petition for writ
of certiorari is therefore also denied.
No. 394. John S. Funk, petitioner, v. The United States of Amer-
ica. The motion for leave to proceed further herein in forma pau-
peris is granted. The petition for writ of certiorari to the United
States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Fourth Circuit is granted
limited to the question as to what law is applicable to the determi-
nation of the competency of the wife of the petitioner as a witness.
The case is advanced and assigned for argument on Monday,
November 13 next.
No. 338. Conrad Wolfle, petitioner, v. The United States of
America. The petition for writ of certiorari to the United States.
Circuit Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit is granted limited
to the question as to what law is applicable to the determination of
the question of privilege which was raised at the trial. The case is
advanced and assigned for argument immediately following No. 394
on Monday, November 13 next.

MONDAY, OCTOBER 16, 1933
41
No. 400. City of Marion, Illinois, et al., petitioner, v. Ben Sneeden,
as Receiver of the City National Bank of Herrin, Illinois. The
petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of
Appeals for the Seventh Circuit is granted and the case is assigned
for argument immediately following No. 128.
No. 361. Interstate Commerce Commission, petitioner, v. The
Pennsylvania Railroad Company and Pennsylvania Company. Peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of
Appeals for the Third Circuit granted.
No. 414. M. D. Chandler, Receiver of Diamond Motor Parts Com-
pany, petitioner, v. Jesse E. Manifold. Petition for writ of certi-
orari to the Supreme Court of the State of Colorado denied upon
the ground that the alleged federal question was not properly pre-
sented to the Supreme Court of Colorado. Caperton v. Bowyer, 14
Wall. 216, 236; Hulburt v. Chicago, 202 U.S. 275, 280, 281; Hiawasee
River Power Co. v. Carolina-Tennessee Co., 252 U.S. 341, 343.
No. 313. Joseph McReynolds and Ellen McReynolds, petitioners,
v. Federal-American National Bank and Trust Company of Wash-
ington. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals of
the District of Columbia denied.
No. 353. Nicholas Pizzitolo, petitioner, v. The United States of
America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit
Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 354. John Vinkemulder, petitioner, v. The United States of
America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit
Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 356. H. L. Williford, petitioner, v. Kansas City Southern
Railway Company. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United
States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 357. Becker Steel Company of America, petitioner, v. Fred-
erick C. Hicks, as Alien Property Custodian et al. Petition for writ
of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the
Second Circuit denied.
No. 360. Norma A. Martin, petitioner, v. Royal Mail Steam Packet
Company et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Circuit Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit denied.
No. 362. Detroit Fidelity and Surety Company, petitioner, v.
The Third National Bank of Miami. Petition for writ of certiorari
to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit
denied.
No. 365. New Orleans and Great Northern Railroad Company et
al., petitioners, v. Mrs. Vivian Branton, Administratrix of the Estate
of M. M. Branton, deceased. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
Supreme Court of the State of Mississippi denied.

MONDAY, OCTOBER 16, 1933
42
No. 367. Wabash Railway Company, petitioner, v. The City of St.
Louis, Missouri. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Circuit Court of Appeals for the Eighth Circuit denied.
No. 368. M. E. Garrison, as Trustee of Henry J. Tiemeier, Bank-
rupt, petitioner, v. Charles W. Johnson and E. F. Nelson, Receiver,
etc. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit
Court of Appeals for the Tenth Circuit denied.
No. 369. Plibrico Jointless Firebrick Company, petitioner, v.
·Israel Caigan. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Circuit Court of Appeals for the First Circuit denied.
No. 371. Empire Storage & Ice Company, petitioner, v. National
Match Company. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Kansas City
Court of Appeals, State of Missouri, denied.
No. 372. Grace Line, Inc., petitioner, v. Edwin A. Toulon. Peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of the State of New
York denied.
No. 373. Independent Taxi Owners Association, Inc., petitioner,
v. James Callas. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of
Appeals of the District of Columbia denied.
No. 375. Crompton & Knowles Loom Works, petitioner, v. Thomas
W. White, Collector. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United
States Circuit Court of Appeals for the First Circuit denied.
No. 376. Dorothy Karl, petitioner, v. New York Central Railroad
Company. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of
the State of Michigan denied.
No. 377. American Tobacco Company, petitioner, v. The United
States. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Claims denied.
No. 378. P. Lorillard and Company, petitioner, v. The United
States. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Claims denied.
No. 379. S. Anargyros, petitioner, v. The United States. Petition
for writ of certiorari to the Court of Claims denied.
No. 380. The Delaware & Hudson Company, petitioner, v. Com-
missioner of Internal Revenue. Petition for writ of certiorari to
the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit
denied.
No. 381. Marshal Stearns, Ancillary Administrator C.T.A. of the
Estate of Carl Richard Hieronymus, deceased, petitioner, v. David
Burnet, Commissioner of Internal Revenue. Petition for writ of
certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the
Second Circuit denied.
No. 382. David Burnet, Commissioner of Internal Revenue, peti-
tioner, v. Mutual Life Insurance Company of New York. Petition

MONDAY, OCTOBER 16, 1933
43
for writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals
for the Second Circuit denied.
No. 383. The United States, petitioner, v. Ernest C. Whitbeck,
Receiver of L-W-F Engineering Company, Inc. Petition for writ
of certiorari to the Court of Claims denied.
No. 384. The United States, petitioner, v. Highland Milk Con-
densing Company. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of
Claims denied.
No. 385. The United States, petitioner, v. Helvetia Milk Condens-
ing Company. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Claims
denied.
No. 386. The United States, petitioner, v. Chicago, Indianapolis
& Louisville Railway Company. Petition for writ of certiorari to
the Court of Claims denied.
No. 387. The Lamson Company, Inc., petitioner, v. O. C. Ingalls,
Trustee for the Armbruster Store Company, Bankrupt. Petition
for writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals
for the Sixth Circuit denied.
No. 389. David Burnet, Commissioner of Internal Revenue, peti-
tioner, v. Chicago and North Western Railway Company; and
No. 390. David Burnet, Commissioner of Internal Revenue, peti-
tioner, v. Chicago and North Western Railway Company. Petition
for writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals
for the Seventh Circuit denied.
No. 391. David Burnet, Commissioner of Internal Revenue, peti-
tioner, v. Norfolk Southern Railroad Company. Petition for writ
of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the
Fourth Circuit denied.
No 392. The Texas and Pacific Railway Company, petitioner, v.
The United States. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of
Claims denied.
No. 395. The United States, petitioner, v. The White Motor Com-
pany. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Claims denied.
No. 397. W. R. Ramsey, petitioner, v. Guy T. Helvering, Com-
missioner of Internal Revenue. Petition for writ of certiorari to
the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Tenth Circuit
denied.
No. 398. Louis Zuckerkandel and Abraham Lieberman, petitioners,
v. The United States of America. Petition for writ of certiorari to
the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit
denied.
No. 401. Lew Lysle Harr, Jr., as Executor of the Estate of Lew
Lysle Harr, deceased, et al., etc., petitioners, v. Pioneer Mechanical

MONDAY, OCTOBER 16, 1933
44
Corporation. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Circuit Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit denied.
No. 402. Columbo Company, petitioner, v. The United States.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Customs
and Patent Appeals denied.
No. 403. Marvel Carburetor Company, petitioner, v. William C.
Carter. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of the
State of Michigan denied.
No. 405. George Crawford, petitioner, v. Frank G. Hale, Lieu-
tenant Detective, Massachusetts State Police. Petition for writ of
certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the
First Circuit denied.
No. 406. Globe Indemnity Company, petitioner, v. C. H. Earle,
Inc. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit
Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit denied.
No. 407. Rose Fitz Gerald, petitioner, v. The Equitable Life As-
surance Society of the United States. Petition for writ of cer-
tiorari to the Court of Appeals of the State of New York denied.
No. 409. Eloise Fain, petitioner, v. Cady Lumber Company.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of
Appeals for the Ninth Circuit denied.
No. 410. Vito Luppino, petitioner, v. The United States of Amer-
ica. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit
Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit denied.
No. 411. J. Henry Neal et al., Trustees of First People's Trust,
petitioners, v. Commissioner of Internal Revenue. Petition for writ
of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the
First Circuit denied.
No. 412. Tower Hill Connellsville Coke Company, of West Vir-
ginia, etc., petitioner, v. Piedmont Coal Company, etc., et al. Peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of
Appeals for the Fourth Circuit denied.
No. 413. The Chesapeake and Ohio Railway Company, petitioner,
v. Arthur B. Anderson. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Su-
preme Court of the State of Illinois denied.
No. 415. Abe Weinberg, petitioner, v. The United States of Amer-
ica. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit
Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit denied.
No. 416. Rocco Delarmi, petitioner, v. The United States of
America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Cir-
cuit Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit denied.

MONDAY, OCTOBER 16, 1933
The Chief Justice also announced the following order:
ORDER
45
The Court will take a recess from Monday, October 23, until
Monday, November 6 next.
No. 18. David Burnet, Commissioner of Internal Revenue, peti-
tioner, v. Northern Coal Company;
No. 19. David Burnet, Commissioner of Internal Revenue, peti-
tioner, v. C. H. Sprague & Son Company;
No. 20. David Burnet, Commissioner of Internal Revenue, peti-
tioner, v. United States Refractories Corporation;
No. 21. David Burnet, Commissioner of Internal Revenue, peti-
tioner, v. Oswego and Syracuse Railroad Company;
No. 25. David Burnet, Commissioner of Internal Revenue, peti-
tioner, v. Nanaline H. Duke et al.;
No. 75. David Burnet, Commissioner of Internal Revenue, peti-
tioner, v. Julia Butterworth et al.;
No. 76. David Burnet, Commissioner of Internal Revenue, peti-
tioner, v. Fidelity-Philadelphia Trust Company, Trustee, etc.;
No. 77. David Burnet, Commissioner of Internal Revenue, peti-
tioner, v. Frank Pardee et al.;
No. 78. David Burnet, Commissioner of Internal Revenue, peti-
tioner, v. Title Guarantee Loan & Trust Company, as Trustee, etc.;
No. 158. David Burnet, Commissioner of Internal Revenue, peti-
tioner, v. Charles J. Canfield;
No. 225. David Burnet, Commissioner of Internal Revenue, peti-
tioner, v. Otto H. Falk et al., etc.;
No. 349. David Burnet, Commissioner of Internal Revenue, peti-
tioner, v. American Chicle Company;
No. 382. David Burnet, Commissioner of Internal Revenue, peti-
tioner, v. Mutual Life Insurance Company of New York; and
No. 515. David Burnet, Commissioner of Internal Revenue, peti-
tioner, v. The Newport Company. Guy T. Helvering, present Com-
missioner of Internal Revenue, substituted as the party petitioner in
place of David Burnet, on motion of Mr. Solicitor General Biggs in
that behalf.
No. 33. Thomas H. Welch, petitioner, v. Commissioner of Internal
No. 38. Harold T. Griswold et al., petitioners, v. Commissioner of
Internal Revenue;
No. 129. John Freuler, Administrator, etc., petitioner, v. David
Burnet, Commissioner of Internal Revenue;
No. 130. John Freuler, Administrator, etc., petitioner, v. David
Burnet, Commissioner of Internal Revenue;

MONDAY, OCTOBER 16, 1933
46
No. 131. John Freuler, Administrator, etc., petitioner, v. David
Burnet, Commissioner of Internal Revenue;
No. 139. Marguerite T. Whitcomb, petitioner, v. David Burnet,
Commissioner of Internal Revenue;
No. 140. Charlotte A. W. Lepic, petitioner, v. David Burnet,
Commissioner of Internal Revenue;
No. 141. Marie M. E. G. T. Whitcomb, petitioner, v. David Burnet,
Commissioner of Internal Revenue;
No. 142. Charlotte Andree Whitcomb Lepic, petitioner, v. David
Burnet, Commissioner of Internal Revenue;
No. 143. Charlotte Andree Whitcomb Lepic, petitioner, v. David
Burnet, Commissioner of Internal Revenue;
No. 144. Marie M. E. G. Whitcomb, petitioner, v. David Burnet,
Commissioner of Internal Revenue;
No. 145. Louise A. Whitcomb, petitioner, v. David Burnet, Com-
missioner of Internal Revenue;
No. 146. Lydia L. Whitcomb, petitioner, v. David Burnet, Com-
missioner of Internal Revenue;
No. 147. Louise A. F. E. Whitcomb, petitioner, v. David Burnet,
Commissioner of Internal Revenue;
No. 148. Lydia L. I. Whitcomb, petitioner, v. David Burnet,
Commissioner of Internal Revenue;
No. 149. Lydia Louise Ida Whitcomb, petitioner, v. David Burnet,
Commissioner of Internal Revenue;
No. 150. Louise A. F. E. Whitcomb, petitioner, v. David Burnet,
Commissioner of Internal Revenue;
No. 187. Arthur M. Brown, petitioner, v. Commissioner of Internal
Revenue;
No. 212. William R. Thorsen, petitioner, v. Commissioner of
Internal Revenue;
No. 311. Ida A. Van Dyke, petitioner, v. Commissioner of Internal
Revenue; and
No. 312. Cleve W. Van Dyke, petitioner, v. Commissioner of
Internal Revenue. Guy T. Helvering, present Commissioner of
Internal Revenue, substituted as the party respondent, in place of
David Burnet, on motion of Mr. Solicitor General Biggs, in that
behalf.
No. 153. Albert H. Ladner, Jr., Collector of Internal Revenue,
etc., petitioner, v. Philadelphia Barge Company et al. Alvin F. Fix,
present Collector of Internal Revenue for the First Collection Dis-
trict of Pennsylvania, substituted as the party petitioner in place of
Albert H. Ladner, Jr., on motion of Mr. Solicitor General Biggs in
that behalf.

MONDAY, OCTOBER 16, 1933
47
No 455. The Celotex Company and Colin C. Bell and Hobart P.
Young, Receivers of The Celotex Company, petitioners, v. Masonite
Corporation. On petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Circuit Court of Appeals for the Third Circuit. Dismissed per
stipulation of counsel.
No. 18. Guy T. Helvering, Commissioner of Internal Revenue,
petitioner, v. Northern Coal Company;
No. 19. Guy T. Helvering, Commissioner of Internal Revenue,
petitioner, v. C. H. Sprague & Son Company; and
No. 21. Guy T. Helvering, Commissioner of Internal Revenue,
petitioner, v. Oswego and Syracuse Railroad Company. Argument
continued by Mr. Paul F. Myers for the respondents in Nos. 18 and
19; by Mr. Douglas Swift for the respondent in No. 21; and con-
cluded by Mr. Erwin N. Griswold for the petitioner.
No. 20. Guy T. Helvering, Commissioner of Internal Revenue,
petitioner, v. United States Refractories Corporation. Argued by
Mr. Erwin N. Griswold for the petitioner, and by Mr. W. W. Mont-
gomery, Jr., for the respondent.
No. 8. Butte, Anaconda & Pacific Railway Company, petitioner, v.
The United States of America. Argument commenced by Mr.
Daniel M. Kelly for the petitioner, and continued by Mr. Harold M.
Stephens for the respondent.
Adjourned until tomorrow at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Tuesday, October 17th, will be as follows: Nos.
8, 22 (23 and 24), 25, 26, 27, 30, 31, 33, 34 (35, 36, and 37).
and 38.
13563-33--12
✓

TUESDAY, OCTOBER 17, 1933
48
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: The Chief Justice, Mr. Justice Van Devanter, Mr. Justice
McReynolds, Mr. Justice Brandeis, Mr. Justice Sutherland, Mr.
Justice Butler, Mr. Justice Stone, Mr. Justice Roberts, and Mr.
Justice Cardozo.
Will G. Beardslee, of Seattle, Wash.; F. H. Reily, of Shawnee,
Okla.; Louis H. Pink, of New York City; David Asch, of New York
City; James S. Hays, of New York City; Burton G. Henson, of
Tampa, Fla.; and Alfred Voyce, of San Francisco, Calif., were
admitted to practice.
No. 8. Butte, Anaconda & Pacific Railway Company, petitioner,
v. The United States of America. Argument concluded by Mr.
Assistant Attorney General Stephens for the respondent.
No. 22. Johnson Oil Refining Company, appellant, v. The State
of Oklahoma, ex rel. C. E. Mitchell, County Attorney, etc., et al.;
No. 23. Johnson Oil Refining Company, appellant, v. The State
of Oklahoma, ex rel. C. E. Mitchell, County Attorney, etc., et al.;
and
No. 24. Johnson Oil Refining Company, appellant, v. The State
of Oklahoma, ex rel. C. E. Mitchell, County Attorney, etc., et al.
Argued by Mr. A. A. Davidson for the appellant, and by Mr. Ed.
Waite Clark for the appellees.
No. 25. Guy T. Helvering, Commissioner of Internal Revenue,
petitioner, v. Nanaline H. Duke et al. Argument commenced by
Mr. Solicitor General Biggs for the petitioner; continued by Mr.
John W. Davis for the respondents; and concluded by Mr. Erwin
N. Griswold for the petitioner.
No. 26. Southern Railway Company, appellant, v. Commonwealth
of Virginia, ex rel. H. G. Shirley, State Highway Commissioner.
Argument commenced by Mr. Sidney S. Alderman for the appellant.
Adjourned until tomorrow at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Wednesday, October 18, will be as follows: Nos.
26, 27, 30, 31, 33, 34 (35, 36, and 37), 38, 44, 28 (and 29),
and 32.
13563-33-13
☑

WEDNESDAY, OCTOBER 18, 1933
49
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: The Chief Justice, Mr. Justice Van Devanter, Mr. Justice
McReynolds, Mr. Justice Brandeis, Mr. Justice Sutherland, Mr.
Justice Butler, Mr. Justice Stone, Mr. Justice Roberts, and Mr.
Justice Cardozo.
Wm. N. Haddad, of Chicago, Ill.; M. A. McMullen, of Clearwater,
Fla.; Dean Emery, of New York City; Edwin P. Corbett, of Co-
lumbus, Ohio; John J. Mahoney, of Columbus, Ohio; and Vernon
Cruickshank, of Los Angeles, Calif., were admitted to practice.
No. 26. Southern Railway Company, appellant, v. Commonwealth
of Virginia, ex rel. H. G. Shirley, State Highway Commissioner of
Virginia. Argument continued by Mr. J. F. Hall and by Mr. Brock-
enbrough Lamb for the appellee, and concluded by Mr. Thomas B.
Gay for the appellant.
No. 27. State of Missouri and Franklin Miller, etc., petitioners, v.
Johanna F. Fiske et al. Argued by Mr. G. A. Buder, Jr., for the
respondents, and case submitted by Mr. Gilbert Lamb for the peti-
tioner.
No. 30. Frank E. Cooper, as Trustee, etc., petitioner, v. R. F.
Dasher. Argued by Mr. C. Edmund Worth for the petitioner, and
by Mr. Burton G. Henson for the respondent.
No. 31. The United States of America, petitioner, v. F. H. Reily.
Argument commenced by Mr. Assistant Attorney General Sweeney
for the petitioner, and continued by Mr. F. H. Reily for the
respondent.
Adjourned until tomorrow at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Thursday, October 19, will be as follows: Nos.
31, 33, 34 (35, 36, and 37), 38, 44, 28 (and 29), 32, 41, and 72.
13563-33--14
"1 C GOVERNMENT ORINTING OFFICE.1988

THURSDAY, OCTOBER 19, 1933
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
50
Present: The Chief Justice, Mr. Justice Van Devanter, Mr. Justice
McReynolds, Mr. Justice Brandeis, Mr. Justice Sutherland, Mr.
Justice Butler, Mr. Justice Stone, Mr. Justice Roberts, and Mr.
Justice Cardozo.
Lee D. Hall, of Columbia, Miss.; Luther A. Smith, of Hatties-
burg, Miss.; Branch Bird, of Gooding, Idaho; Edwin De T. Bechtel,
of New York City; William H. Shure, of Fargo, N. Dak.; Francis
R. Taylor, of Philadelphia, Pa.; and Alfred W. Bressler, of New
York City, were admitted to practice.
No. 12, original. The State of New Jersey, complainant, v. The
City of New York. Report of the Special Master submitted by Mr.
Edward K. Campbell, Special Master.
No. 31. The United States of America, petitioner, v. F. H. Reily.
Argument continued by Mr. F. H. Reily for the respondent and
concluded by Mr. Assistant Attorney General Sweeney for the
petitioner.
No. 33. Thomas H. Welch, petitioner, v. Guy T. Helvering, Com-
missioner of Internal Revenue. Argued by Mr. Edward S. Stringer
for the petitioner and by Mr. H. Brian Holland for the respondent.
No. 34. Keystone Driller Company, petitioner, v. General Exca-
vator Company;
No. 35. Keystone Driller Company, petitioner, v. General Exca-
vator Company;
No. 36. Keystone Driller Company, petitioner, v. The Osgood
Company; and
No. 37. Keystone Driller Company, petitioner, v. The Osgood
Company. Argument commenced by Mr. William H. Boyd for the
petitioner, continued by Mr. Edwin P. Corbett for the respondents,
and concluded by Mr. F. O. Richey for the petitioner.
No. 38. Harold T. Griswold et al., petitioners, v. Guy T. Hel-
vering, Commissioner of Internal Revenue. Argument commenced
by Mr. William N. Haddad for the petitioners and continued by
Mr. Erwin N. Griswold for the respondent.
Adjourned until tomorrow at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Friday, October 20, will be as follows: Nos. 38,
44, 28 (and 29), 32, and 41.
13563-33- -15
Х

FRIDAY, OCTOBER 20, 1933
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
51
Present: The Chief Justice, Mr. Justice Van Devanter, Mr. Justice
McReynolds, Mr. Justice Brandeis, Mr. Justice Sutherland, Mr. Jus-
tice Butler, Mr. Justice Stone, Mr. Justice Roberts, and Mr. Justice
Cardozo.
Edward Randolph Walton, Jr., of Washington, D.C.; Paul An-
thony Sweeney, of Tulsa, Okla.; Albert Louis Greenberg, of Pitts-
burgh, Pa.; and Stanley Farrar Brewster, of Washington, D.C., were
admitted to practice.
No. 38. Harold T. Griswold et al., petitioners, v. Guy T. Helver-
ing, Commissioner of Internal Revenue. Argument continued by
Mr. Erwin N. Griswold for the respondent, and concluded by Mr.
William N. Haddad for the petitioners.
No. 44. L. M. Dakin, as Receiver, etc., petitioner, v. Taver Bayly,
as Liquidator, etc. Argument commenced by Mr. Don C. McMullen
for the petitioner, continued by Mr. Melvin A. McMullen for the
respondent, and concluded by Mr. George B. Springston for the
petitioner.
No. 28. The United States of America, as Trustee, etc., et al., peti-
tioners, v. H. S. McGowan et al.; and
No. 29. The United States of America, as Trustee, etc., et al., peti-
tioners, v. Bakers Bay Fish Company et al. Argued by Mr. Assist-
ant Solicitor General MacLean for the petitioners, and by Mr. Guy
E. Kelly for the respondents.
No. 32. The John K. & Catherine S. Mullen Benevolent Corpora-
tion, petitioner, v. The United States of America. Argued by Mr.
Branch Bird for the petitioner, and by Mr. Assistant Attorney
General Wideman for the respondent.
Adjourned until Monday, October 23 next, at 12 o'clock.
13563-33-16
☑

MONDAY, OCTOBER 23, 1933
52
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: The Chief Justice, Mr. Justice Van Devanter, Mr. Justice
Brandeis, Mr. Justice Sutherland, Mr. Justice Butler, Mr. Justice
Stone, Mr. Justice Roberts, and Mr. Justice Cardozo.
Nathan Susskind, of Bayonne, N.J.; Philip Ralph Pastore, of
New Haven, Conn.; Lewis J. Wallace, of Ogden, Utah; Robt. B.
Porter, of Salt Lake City, Utah; Emmett E. Doherty, of Los
Angeles, Calif.; O. Max Gardner, of Raleigh, N.C.; and William
B. McKesson, of Los Angeles, Calif., were admitted to practice.
The Chief Justice announced the following orders of the Court:
No. 18. Guy T. Helvering, Commissioner of Internal Revenue,
petitioner, v. Northern Coal Company;
No. 19. Guy T. Helvering, Commissioner of Internal Revenue,
petitioner, v. C. H. Sprague & Son Company. On writs of certiorari
to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the First Circuit;
and
No. 21. Guy T. Helvering, Commissioner of Internal Revenue,
petitioner, v. Oswego and Syracuse Railroad Company. On writ of
certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the
Second Circuit. Per curiam: Decrees affirmed by an equally divided
Court. Mr. Justice Roberts took no part in the consideration or
decision of these cases.
No. 20. Guy T. Helvering, Commissioner of Internal Revenue,
petitioner, v. United States Refractories Corporation. On writ of
certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the
Third Circuit. Per curiam: Decree affirmed by an equally divided
Court. Mr. Justice Roberts took no part in the consideration or
decision of this case.
No. 25. Guy T. Helvering, Commissioner of Internal Revenue,
petitioner, v. Nanaline H. Duke, George G. Allen, and William R.
Perkins, etc. On writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit
Court of Appeals for the Third Circuit. Per curiam: Decree af-
firmed by an equally divided Court. The Chief Justice took no part
in the consideration or decision of this case.
13563-33--17

MONDAY, OCTOBER 23, 1933
53
No. 28. The United States of America, as Trustee and Guardian
of the Different Tribes and Bands of the Quinaielt & Quillehute
Indians, et al., petitioners, v. H. S. McGowan, Bakers Bay Fish Com-
pany, and The State of Washington; and
No. 29. The United States of America, as Trustee and Guardian
of the Different Tribes and Bands of the Quinaielt & Quillehute
Indians, et al., petitioners, v. Bakers Bay Fish Company and The
State of Washington. On writs of certiorari to the United States
Circuit Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit. Per curiam: De-
crees affirmed. Bodkin v. Edwards, 255 U.S. 221, 223; Texas & New
Orleans R.R. Co. v. Railway Clerks, 281 U.S. 548, 558; Keating v.
Public National Bank, 284 U.S. 587; United States v. Commercial
Credit Co., 286 U.S. 63, 67; Page v. Arkansas Natural Gas Corp.,
286 U.S. 269, 271.
The Chief Justice said:
"The other orders of the Court appear upon the list certified to by
the Chief Justice and filed with the clerk, and will not be announced
orally."
-
No. In Re Disbarment of Edmond C. Fletcher. It having
been shown to the Court that Edmond C. Fletcher, a member of the
Bar of this Court, had been disbarred from the practice of law in the
Supreme Court of the District of Columbia; and this Court having
issued its rule, October 9, 1933, directing the said Fletcher to show
cause, pursuant to rule 2 of the Rules of this Court, why he should
not be disbarred from the practice of the law in this Court; and the
said Fletcher having filed his return and response to the said rule;
and the Court being of opinion, upon consideration of the return,
that the said Fletcher has failed to show good cause why he should
not be disbarred, as provided in rule 2, paragraph 5, of the Rules
of this Court,
It is now ordered that the said Edmond C. Fletcher be, and he is
hereby, disbarred from further practice of the law in this Court, and
that his name be, and it is hereby, stricken from the roll of attorneys
admitted to practice before the Bar of this Court.
No., original. Ex Parte: J. W. McCarthy, petitioner. The
motion for leave to file petition for writ of habeas corpus is denied.
No. 12, original. The State of New Jersey, complainant, v. The
City of New York. The report of the Special Master is received and
ordered to be filed. Pursuant to the order of this Court entered
May 29, 1933, this cause is set for argument on Monday, November 6,
next.

MONDAY, OCTOBER 23, 1933
54
No. 95. Atlantic Coast Line Railroad Company, petitioner, v.
Sarah Elizabeth Stringfellow. The motion of the respondent for
leave to proceed in forma pauperis in this case is granted.
No. 106. W. D. Sanders, petitioner, v. Armour Fertilizer Works
et al. The motion for leave to proceed further herein in forma
pauperis is granted.
No. 427. Elwood Grissinger, petitioner, v. The United States. On
petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Claims. The motion
for leave to proceed further herein in forma pauperis is denied for
the reason that the Court, upon examination of the papers herein sub-
mitted finds no ground upon which a writ of certiorari should be
granted. The petition for writ of certiorari is therefore also denied.
The motion to remand is also denied.
No. 123. Martin R. Cuff, petitioner, v. The United States of
America et al. On petition for writ of certiorari to the United
States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit. The motion
for leave to proceed further herein in forma pauperis is denied for
the reason that the Court, upon examination of the papers herein
submitted, finds no ground upon which a writ of certiorari should
be granted. The petition for writ of certiorari is therefore also
denied.
No. 260. J. C. Spivey, petitioner, v. Gulf, Colorado & Santa Fe
Railway Company. On petition for writ of certiorari to the Court
of Civil Appeals, Third Supreme Judicial District, State of Texas.
The motion for leave to proceed further herein in forma pauperis
is denied for the reason that the Court, upon examination of the
papers herein submitted, finds no ground upon which a writ of
certiorari should be granted. The petition for writ of certiorari is
therefore also denied.
No. 527. William J. Reid, petitioner, v. A. C. Aderhold, Warden,
United States Penitentiary, Atlanta, Georgia. On petition for writ
of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the
Fifth Circuit. The motion for leave to proceed further herein in
forma pauperis is denied for the reason that the Court, upon exami-
nation of the papers herein submitted, finds no ground upon which a
writ of certiorari should be granted. The petition for writ of cer-
tiorari is therefore also denied.
No. 152. Newton W. Lumbra, petitioner, v. The United States of
America. The motion for leave to proceed further herein in forma
pauperis is granted.
No. 212. William R. Thorsen, petitioner, v. Guy T. Helvering,
Commissioner of Internal Revenue. This case is assigned for argu-
ment immediately following No. 158.

MONDAY, OCTOBER 23, 1933
55
No. 531. Leo Nebbia, appellant, v. The People of the State of New
York. In this case probable jurisdiction is noted. The joint motion
to advance is granted, and the case assigned for argument on
Monday, December 4, next.
No. 434. Ada L. Burroughs and James Cannon, Jr., petitioners, v.
The United States of America. The petition for writ of certiorari
to the Court of Appeals of the District of Columbia granted, and
the case is advanced and assigned for argument on Monday,
December 4, next.
No. 419. Globe Indemnity Company, petitioner, v. The United
States of America, to the use of Steacy-Schmidt Manufacturing
Company, Inc. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Circuit Court of Appeals for the Third Circuit granted.
No. 421. Joseph Falbo, petitioner, v. The United States of Amer-
ica. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit
Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit granted.
No. 429. The Travelers Protective Association of America, peti-
tioner, v. Uluetta Prinsen. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Tenth Circuit
granted.
No. 435. Santos Miquel, petitioner, v. J. Raymond McCarl, Comp-
troller General, et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court
of Appeals of the District of Columbia granted.
No. 449. E. W. Clark, as Receiver, petitioner, v. Harry O. Wil-
liard et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of
the State of Montana granted.
No. 418. Martha Virginia Rhoderick, Executrix of the Estate of
Elbridge P. Rhoderick, deceased, et al., petitioners, v. Luther A.
Swartzell et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of
Appeals of the District of Columbia denied.
No. 420. J. W. Hosier and Joe Reno, petitioners, v. The United
States of America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United
States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 423. George W. Johnson, petitioner, v. The United States.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Claims denied.
No. 424. Beneficial Loan Society, petitioner, v. Commissioner of
Internal Revenue. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United
States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Third Circuit denied.
No. 425. William C. Atwater & Company, Inc., petitioner, v. The
United States of America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit
denied.
No. 430. Everett J. Esselstyn, as Executor, etc., petitioner, v. Guy
T. Helvering, Commissioner of Internal Revenue. Petition for writ

MONDAY, OCTOBER 23, 1933
56
of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the
Second Circuit denied.
No. 431. The United States Fidelity and Guaranty Company et
al., petitioners, v. State of Mississippi for the use and benefit of
Leflore County, Mississippi, et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to
the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit
denied.
No. 436. John H. Spurlock, Ted Dempsey, et al., petitioners, v.
Security Building & Loan Association et al. Petition for writ of
certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the
Ninth Circuit denied.
No. 439. Paul Little, petitioner, v. Cox & Carpenter, Inc., and
United States Fidelity & Guaranty Co., Garnishee. Petition for
writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for
the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 441. New York Underwriters Insurance Company, petitioner,
v. The Central Union Bank of South Carolina. Petition for writ of
certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the
Fourth Circuit denied.
No. 442. P. A. Tate, petitioner, v. Nike G. Sevier, Judge of the
Circuit Court of Cole County, Missouri. Petition for writ of cer-
tiorari to the Supreme Court of the State of Missouri denied.
No. 443. Fiorentino Yengo, petitioner, v. The United States of
America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit
Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit denied.
No. 444. Utah Home Fire Insurance Company, petitioner, v. Com-
missioner of Internal Revenue. Petition for writ of certiorari to
the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Tenth Circuit
denied.
No. 446. Boston Broadcasting Company, petitioner, v. Federal
Radio Commission. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of
Appeals of the District of Columbia denied.
No. 447. William S. Pote, petitioner, v. Federal Radio Commis-
sion. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals of the
District of Columbia denied.
No. 448. Rudolph Jackson, E. T. Anderson, et al., petitioners, v.
The City of El Paso, Texas, et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to
the Supreme Court of the State of Texas denied.
No. 450. The Travelers Insurance Company, petitioner, v. Morva
Allen Bancroft and Elsie Alice Bancroft, as Minor, etc. Petition
for writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals
for the Tenth Circuit denied.

MONDAY, OCTOBER 23, 1933
57
No. 172. Charles H. Whitehead, Executor, etc., petitioner, v. Com-
missioner of Internal Revenue;
No. 396. Boston Safe Deposit and Trust Company, et al., peti-
tioners, v. Commissioner of Internal Revenue;
No. 475. Security Trust Company, etc., petitioner, v. Commis-
sioner of Internal Revenue;
No. 494. W. H. Hill Company, by Union Guardian Trust Com-
pany, Receiver, petitioner, v. Commissioner of Internal Revenue;
and
No. 528. Crucible Steel Casting Company, petitioner, v. Commis-
sioner of Internal Revenue. Guy T. Helvering, present Commis-
sioner of Internal Revenue, substituted as the party respondent in
place of David Burnet, on motion of Mr. Solicitor General Biggs in
that behalf.
No. 453. David Burnet, Commissioner of Internal Revenue, peti-
tioner, v. New York Life Insurance Company. Guy T. Helvering,
present Commissioner of Internal Revenue, substituted as the party
petitioner, on motion of Mr. Solicitor General Biggs in that behalf.
No. 45. Canal-Commercial Trust & Savings Bank, petitioner, v.
Commissioner of Internal Revenue;
No. 46. Canal Commercial National Bank, petitioner, v. Commis-
sioner of Internal Revenue;
No. 96. Flemmon E. Gloyd, petitioner, v. Commissioner of In-
ternal Revenue;
No. 108. United Business Corporation of America, petitioner, v.
Commissioner of Internal Revenue;
No. 110. Spinks Realty Company, petitioner, v. Commissioner of
Internal Revenue;
No. 118. Coalinga-Mohawk Oil Company, petitioner, v. Commis-
sioner of Internal Revenue;
No. 169. Florence B. Fawsett, petitioner, v. Commissioner of In-
ternal Revenue;
No. 193. Mary G. Mulqueen, as Executrix, etc., petitioner, v. Com-
missioner of Internal Revenue;
No. 197. Ed Kasch et al., petitioners, v. Commissioner of Internal
Revenue;
No. 207. Meredith Publishing Company, petitioner, v. Commis-
sioner of Internal Revenue;
No. 238. Louis M. Bourne, petitioner, v. Commissioner of Inter-
nal Revenue;
No. 245. H. C. Walker, Jr., petitioner, v. Commissioner of Inter-
nal Revenue;
No. 246. Mrs. H. C. Walker, jr., petitioner, v. Commissioner of
Internal Revenue;

MONDAY, OCTOBER 23, 1933
58
No. 247. Elias Goldstein, petitioner, v. Commissioner of Internal
Revenue;
No. 248. Mrs. Elias Goldstein, petitioner, v. Commissioner of In-
ternal Revenue;
No. 251. Fidelity Savings and Loan Association, petitioner, v..
David Burnet, Commissioner of Internal Revenue;
No. 253. Comar Oil Company, petitioner, v. David Burnet, Com-
missioner of Internal Revenue;
No. 315. Joseph H. Adams, petitioner, v. Commissioner of Inter-
nal Revenue;
No. 380. The Delaware and Hudson Company, petitioner, v. Com-
missioner of Internal Revenue;
No. 381. Marshal Stearns, Ancillary Administrator, etc., peti-
tioner, v. David Burnet, Commissioner of Internal Revenue;
No. 411. J. Henry Neal et al., petitioners, v. Commissioner of
Internal Revenue;
No. 424. Beneficial Loan Society, petitioner, v. Commissioner of
Internal Revenue; and
No. 444. Utah Home Fire Insurance Company, petitioner, v. Com-
missioner of Internal Revenue. Motion to substitute Guy T. Helver-
ing, present Commissioner of Internal Revenue, as the party re-
spondent in place of David Burnet, submitted by Mr. Solicitor
General Biggs in that behalf, and the motion denied.
No. 252. David Burnet, Commissioner of Internal Revenue, peti-
tioner, v. Hutchinson Coal Company;
No. 282. David Burnet, Commissioner of Internal Revenue, peti-
tioner, v. Marian B. Pringle;
No. 283. David Burnet, Commissioner of Internal Revenue, peti-
tioner, v. Phyllis B. Brunson;
No. 389. David Burnet, Commissioner of Internal Revenue, peti-
tioner, v. Chicago and North Western Railway Company;
No. 390. David Burnet, Commissioner of Internal Revenue, peti-
tioner, v. Chicago and North Western Railway Company; and
No. 391. David Burnet, Commissioner of Internal Revenue, peti-
tioner, v. Norfolk Southern Railroad Company. Motion to substi-
tute Guy T. Helvering, present Commissioner of Internal Revenue,
as the party petitioner, submitted by Mr. Solicitor General Biggs in
that behalf and the motion denied.
Adjourned until Monday, November 6 next, at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Monday, November 6, will be as follows: Nos. 12
original, 88, 162, 241, 11, 16, 222, 351, 352, and 370.

MONDAY, NOVEMBER 6, 1933
59
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: The Chief Justice, Mr. Justice Van Devanter, Mr. Justice
McReynolds, Mr. Justice Brandeis, Mr. Justice Sutherland, Mr. Jus-
tice Butler, Mr. Justice Stone, Mr. Justice Roberts, and Mr. Justice
Cardozo.
Edward I. Fitzpatrick, of San Francisco, Calif.; Peter W. Quinn,
of New York City; Richard Mayer, of Chicago, Ill.; George J.
Hirsch, of New York City; Allen May, of Saint Louis, Mo.; Pat
Mehaffy, of Little Rock, Ark.; George B. Lourie, of Newton, Mass.;
Edward L. Wood, of Denver, Colo.; John M. Keating, of Denver,
Colo.; Abraham C. Webber, of Newton, Mass.; Lewis H. Weinstein,
of Boston, Mass.; Frank G. Volpe, of Arlington, Mass.; Charles J.
O'Brien, of Rochester, N.Y.; Lewis C. Westwood, of Tecumseh,
Nebr.; Mitchell Long, of Knoxville, Tenn.; Karl Hall Covell, of
Minneapolis, Minn.; and W. L. Pope, of Little Rock, Ark., were
admitted to practice.
No. 50. Charles A. Shepard, petitioner, v. The United States of
America. On writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court
of Appeals for the Tenth Circuit. Judgment reversed, and cause
remanded to the District Court of the United States for the District
of Kansas for further proceedings in conformity with the opinion
of this Court. Opinion by Mr. Justice Cardozo.
No. 30. Frank E. Cooper, as Trustee in Bankruptcy of Wauchula
Central Pharmacy, Inc., Bankrupt, petitioner, v. R. F. Dasher. On
writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for
the Fifth Circuit. Decree reversed with costs, and cause remanded
to the District Court of the United States for the Southern District
of Florida for further proceedings in conformity with the opinion
of this Court. Opinion by Mr. Justice Cardozo.
No. 33. Thomas H. Welch, petitioner, v. Guy T. Helvering, Com-
missioner of Internal Revenue. On writ of certiorari to the United
States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Eighth Circuit. Decree
affirmed, and cause remanded to the said Circuit Court of Appeals.
Opinion by Mr. Justice Cardozo.
No. 9. Cullen Fuel Company, Inc., Owner of Deck Scow "Cullen
No. 32", petitioner, v. W. E. Hedger, Inc., Bailee of Cargo. On
writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for
the Second Circuit. Decree affirmed with costs, and cause remanded.
13563-33-
18

MONDAY, NOVEMBER 6, 1933
60
to the District Court of the United States for the Southern District
of New York. Opinion by Mr. Justice Roberts.
No. 32. The John K. & Catherine S. Mullen Benevolent Corpora-
tion, petitioner, v. The United States of America. On writ of cer-
tiorari to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Ninth
Circuit. Judgment affirmed, and cause remanded to the District
Court of the United States for the District of Idaho. Opinion by
Mr. Justice Roberts.
No. 17. The United States of America, Interstate Commerce Com-
mission, Texas & New Orleans Railroad Company, et al., appel-
lants, v. The State of Louisiana, Louisiana Public Service Commis-
sion and Louisiana Highway Commission. Appeal from the District
Court of the United States for the Eastern District of Louisiana.
Decree reversed, and cause remanded to the said District Court for
further proceedings in conformity with the opinion of this Court.
Opinion by Mr. Justice Stone.
No. 1. Fidelity and Deposit Company of Maryland, petitioner, v.
George C. Arenz. On writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit
Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit. Judgment reversed with
costs, and cause remanded to the District Court of the United States
for the District of Oregon for further proceedings in conformity
with the opinion of this Court. Opinion by Mr. Justice Butler.
No. 13. The Trainor Company, petitioner, v. The Aetna Casualty
& Surety Company. On writ of certiorari to the United States Cir-
cuit Court of Appeals for the Third Circuit. Judgments of the Cir-
cuit Court of Appeals and of the District Court of the United States
for the Eastern District of Pennsylvania reversed, and cause re-
manded to the said District Court with directions to enter judgment
in the amount of $14,973.98. Opinion by Mr. Justice Sutherland.
No. 38. Harold T. Griswold, W. W. S. Carpenter, and Laird Bell,
Executors of the Estate of William H. Redington, deceased, petition-
ers, v. Guy T. Helvering, Commissioner of Internal Revenue. On
writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for
the Seventh Circuit. Decree affirmed, and cause remanded to the
said Circuit Court of Appeals. Opinion by Mr. Justice Sutherland.
No. 5. Ivan E. Oakes, petitioner, v. Ben Lake, as Sheriff of
Owyhee County, Idaho. On writ of certiorari to the United States
Circuit Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit. Judgments reversed
with costs, and cause remanded to the District Court of the United
States for the District of Idaho for further proceedings in con-
formity with the opinion of this Court. Opinion by Mr. Justice
☐ Sutherland.
No. 39. J. J. Nathanson, petitioner, v. The United States of
America. On writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court

MONDAY, NOVEMBER 6, 1933
61
of Appeals for the Third Circuit. Judgment reversed, and cause
remanded to the District Court of the United States for the District
of New Jersey for further proceedings in conformity with the
opinion of this Court. Opinion by Mr. Justice McReynolds.
No. 31. The United States of America, petitioner, v. F. H. Reily.
On writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals
for the Tenth Circuit. Decree reversed, and cause remanded to the
District Court of the United States for the Western District of Okla-
homa for further proceedings in conformity with the opinion of this
Court. Opinion by Mr. Justice Van Devanter.
No. 7. The State of Minnesota, petitioner, v. George Blasius. On
writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of the State of Minnesota.
Judgment reversed with costs, and cause remanded to the said Su-
preme Court for further proceedings not inconsistent with the
opinion of this Court. Opinion by Mr. Chief Justice Hughes.
No. 15. E. P. Jacobs and Augustus Gunter, Executor of the Last
Will of Mrs. S. B. Gunter, deceased, petitioners, v. The United
States of America. On writ of certiorari to the United States Cir-
cuit Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit. Judgment reversed,
and cause remanded to the District Court of the United States for
the Northern District of Alabama for further proceedings in con-
formity with the opinion of this Court. Opinion by Mr. Chief Jus-
tice Hughes.
No. 27. State of Missouri and Franklin Miller, etc., petitioners, v.
Johanna F. Fiske, Amanda F. Wheeler, Henrietta A. Holdoway,
et al. On writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of
Appeals for the Eighth Circuit. Decree of the Circuit Court of
Appeals reversed, and the cause remanded to the District Court of
the United States for the Eastern District of Missouri with direc-
tions to dismiss the ancillary and supplemental bill. Opinion by
Mr. Chief Justice Hughes.
No. -, original. Ex Parte: Joseph Poresky, petitioner. On mo-
tion for leave to file petition for writ of mandamus. Motion for
leave to file petition for writ of mandamus denied. Per curiam
opinion announced by Mr. Chief Justice Hughes.
The Chief Justice announced the following orders of the Court:
No. 472. Public Service Commission of Indiana et al., appellants,
v. Northern Indiana Public Service Company. Appeal from the
District Court of the United States for the Northern District of
Indiana. Per curiam: The order granting an interlocutory injunc-
tion is affirmed. (1) Ex parte: Young, 209 U.S. 123, 159; Ex parte:
LaPrade, 289 U.S. 444, 455, 456; (2) Alabama v. United States, 279
U.S. 229; Binford v. McLeaish, 284 U.S. 598.

MONDAY, NOVEMBER 6, 1933
62
No. 493. Paul Klopstock & Company, Inc., appellant, v. United
Fruit Company. Appeal from the Supreme Court of the State of
Louisiana. Per curiam: The motion of appellant to strike the state-
ment opposing jurisdiction is denied. The appeal is dismissed for
the want of jurisdiction. Sec. 237 (a) Judicial Code as amended by
the Act of February 13, 1925 (43 Stat. 936, 937). Treating the
papers whereupon the appeal was allowed as a petition for writ of
certiorari as required by Sec. 237 (c) Judicial Code as amended (43
Stat. 936, 938), certiorari is denied.
The Chief Justice said:
"The other orders of the Court appear upon the list certified to
by the Chief Justice and filed with the Clerk and will not be an-
nounced orally."
No., original. Ex Parte: Irwin J. Bernstein, petitioner. Motion
for leave to file petition for writ of habeas corpus denied.
No. 487. George Morrison and H. Doi, appellants, v. The People
of the State of California. Further consideration of the question of
the jurisdiction of this Court in this case and of the motion to dis-
miss is postponed to the hearing of the case on the merits. The case
is advanced and assigned for argument on Monday, December 11
next, after the cases heretofore assigned for that day.
No. 509. Life & Casualty Insurance Company, appellant, v. Albert
Barefield. In this case probable jurisdiction is noted and the case is
assigned for argument immediately following No. 89.
No. 541. Seldon Glenn et al., individually, etc., appellants, v.
Field Packing Company. In this case probable jurisdiction is noted.
The motion to advance is granted and the case is assigned for argu-
ment on Wednesday, November 15 next.
No. 463. Hans Elliot and United States Fidelity and Guaranty
Company, petitioners, v. Thomas R. Lombard. Petition for writ
of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the
Fifth Circuit granted.
No. 477. Noah Best, Administrator of the Estate of Albert Ed-
ward Best, deceased, petitioner, v. District of Columbia. Petition
for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals of the District of
Columbia granted.
No. 473. Royal Indemnity Company et al., petitioners, v. The
American Bond & Mortgage Company, Inc., et al. Petition for
writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for
the First Circuit denied. The Chief Justice took no part in the
consideration or decision of this application.

MONDAY, NOVEMBER 6, 1933
63
No. 393. Cohen Goldman & Company, Inc., petitioner, v. The
United States. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of
Claims denied.
No. 432. Lilla H. Glenn and Chemical Bank and Trust Company,
as Executors, etc., petitioners, v. Frank Collis Bowers, as Executor,
etc.; and
No. 433. Lilla H. Glenn and Chemical Bank and Trust Company,
as Executors, etc., petitioners, v. William H. Edwards, Collector of
Internal Revenue, etc. Petition for writs of certiorari to the United
States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit denied.
No. 445. Goodyear Tire & Rubber Co., Inc., petitioner, v. Over-
man Cushion Tire Company, Inc. Petition for writ of certiorari to
the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit
denied.
No. 465. The Goodyear Tire & Rubber Company, petitioner, v.
Overman Cushion Tire Company, Inc., and Kelly-Springfield Tire
Company. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Circuit Court of Appeals for the Sixth Circuit denied.
No. 451. Joseph Frankel, petitioner, v. The United States of
America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Cir-
cuit Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit denied.
No. 452. Inecto, Inc., petitioner, v. Federal Trade Commission.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court
of Appeals for the Second Circuit denied.
No. 453. Guy T. Helvering, Commissioner of Internal Revenue,
petitioner, v. New York Life Insurance Company. Petition for writ
of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the
Second Circuit denied.
No. 454. Richard J. Mackey and/or Mackey & Marchisio, peti-
tioners, v. Irving Trust Company, as Trustee, etc. Petition for writ
of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the
Second Circuit denied.
No. 456. The Century Indemnity Company, petitioner, v. G. Nel-
son. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit
Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit denied.
No. 457. Rhetherford B. Martin, petitioner, v. Tennessee Copper
& Chemical Corporation. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Third Circuit denied.
No. 458. Jack E. O'Hearne, petitioner, v. The United States of
America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals of
the District of Columbia denied.
No. 459. The First National Bank of Boston, Executor, etc., peti-
tioner, v. J. Dan Talbott, Auditor of Public Accounts of the Com-

MONDAY, NOVEMBER 6, 1933
64
monwealth of Kentucky. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court
of Appeals of the State of Kentucky denied.
No. 460. United States Trust Company of New York, as Execu-
tor, etc., petitioner, v. Charles W. Anderson, Collector of Internal
Revenue, etc. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Circuit Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit denied.
No. 461. Opelousas-St. Landry Securities Co., Inc., et al., peti-
tioners, v. The United States of America et al. Petition for writ
of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the
Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 462. State of Iowa ex rel. Board of Railroad Commissioners
of the State of Iowa, petitioner, v. Stanolind Pipe Line Company.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of the State of
Iowa denied.
No. 464. Howard O. McMillan, petitioner, v. The H. W. Roos
Company. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Cir-
cuit Court of Appeals for the Sixth Circuit denied.
No. 466. Eugenio Aquilera y Kindelan, etc., petitioner, v. Harold
L. Ickes, Secretary of the Interior. Petition for writ of certiorari
to the Court of Appeals of the District of Columbia denied.
No. 467. Texas Electric Service Company, petitioner, v. City of
Seymour et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Circuit Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 468. Orville Livingston, Trustee, etc., petitioner, v. The Mort-
gage Loan Company and Repps B. Goodson, as Trustee, etc. Peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of
Appeals for the Eighth Circuit denied.
No. 469. Cleveland, Cincinnati, Chicago & St. Louis Railway
Company, petitioner, v. O. D. Taylor. Petition for writ of cer-
tiorari to the Supreme Court of the State of Missouri denied.
No. 470. Lester Wallace Cunningham et al., petitioners, v. The
Pacific Mutual Life Insurance Company of California. Petition
for writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals
for the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 471. Vaughn A. Hall, petitioner, v. George G. Cronkleton,
Receiver of the First National Bank of Hastings, Nebraska. Peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of
Appeals for the Eighth Circuit denied.
No. 474. Roy Burlew, petitioner, v. The Fidelity & Casualty Com-
pany of New York. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United
States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Sixth Circuit denied.
No. 475. Security Trust Company, now Detroit Trust Company,
and Anna Dodge Dillman, as Trustee, etc., petitioner, v. Guy T.

MONDAY, NOVEMBER 6, 1933
65
Helvering, Commissioner of Internal Revenue. Petition for writ of
certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the
Sixth Circuit denied.
No. 476. The Atchison, Topeka, and Santa Fe Railway Company,
petitioner, v. Union Wire Rope Corporation. Petition for writ of
certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the
Eighth Circuit denied.
No. 478. Detroit Trust Company and Matilda R. Wilson, as
Trustees, etc., petitioners, v. Commissioner of Internal Revenue.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of
Appeals for the Sixth Circuit denied.
No. 480. New York, Ontario & Western Railway Company, peti-
tioner, v. Eugene McHale. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Third Circuit denied.
No. 481. New York, Ontario & Western Railway Company, peti-
tioner, v. Willard Jones. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Third Circuit denied.
No. 482. Old Dominion Stages, petitioner, v. R. I. Cates, Admin-
istrator of the Estate of A. J. Cates, deceased. Petition for writ of
certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the
Sixth Circuit denied.
,
No. 483. The Duncanson-Harrelson Company, petitioner, v. Lyle
A. Davidson, Claimant of the Tugboat "Marian", etc. Petition for
writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for
the Ninth Circuit denied.
No. 484. Albert Y. Gowen, petitioner, v. Commissioner of Internal
Revenue. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit
Court of Appeals for the Sixth Circuit denied.
No. 485. E. A. Heiden, Receiver of the Sioux National Bank of
Sioux City, Iowa, petitioner, v. Wm. J. S. Cremin, Trustee. Peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of
Appeals for the Eighth Circuit denied.
No. 488. Chicago and Eastern Illinois Railway Company, peti-
tioner, v. Public Service Commission of Indiana. Petition for writ
of certiorari to the Supreme Court of the State of Indiana denied.
No. 490. Carolina Contracting Company, petitioner, v. Standard
Accident Insurance Company. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Fourth Circuit
denied.
No. 491. Rubsam Corporation, Charles F.
tioners, v. General Motors Corporation et al.
certiorari to the United States Circuit Court
Sixth Circuit denied.
Rubsam, et al., peti-
Petition for writ of
of Appeals for the

MONDAY, NOVEMBER 6, 1933
66
No. 499. Guy T. Helvering, Commissioner of Internal Revenue,
petitioner, v. Eva Follett Warner. Petition for writ of certiorari
to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit
denied.
No. 504. L. C. Sorensen, M. J. Dée, and Turco Products, Inc.,
petitioners, v. The Pyrate Corporation. Petition for writ of cer-
tiorari to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Ninth
Circuit denied.
No. 363. The Arrow-Hart & Hegeman Electric Company, peti-
tioner, v. Federal Trade Commission. Consideration of the petition
for writ of certiorari deferred for a period of 30 days from this
date on motion of Mr. Arthur E. Mullen in behalf of counsel for
petitioner.
No. 222. State of Montana, Board of Railroad Commissioners of
the State of Montana, et al., etc., appellants, v. The United States
of America et al. Motion of the National Association of Railroad
and Utilities Commissioners for leave to participate in the oral argu-
ment as amicus curiae submitted by Mr. John E. Benton in that
behalf, and the motion denied.
No. 400. City of Marion, Illinois, a Municipal Corporation, et al.,
petitioners, v. Ben Sneeden, as Receiver, etc. Motion of the People
of the Philippine Islands for leave to participate in the oral argu-
ment as amicus curiae submitted by Mr. William Cattron Rigby in
that behalf.
No., original. The Commonwealth of Pennsylvania, complain-
ant, v. The State of Arkansas. Motion for leave to file bill of com-
plaint submitted by Mr. Philip S. Moyer for the complainant.
No. —, original. The Commonwealth of Pennsylvania, complain-
ant, v. The State of Arkansas. Motion for leave to file a response
to the motion for leave to file bill of complaint submitted by Mr.
W. L. Pope for the defendant.
No., original. Ex Parte: W. Bissell Thomas, petitioner. Re-
turn to the rule to show cause presented.
No., original. State of Alabama, complainant, v. State of Ari-
zona et al. Return of the Commonwealth of Kentucky to rule to
show cause presented.
No. 12, original. The State of New Jersey, complainant, v. The
City of New York. Argued on (1) Motion of complainant for a
rule in contempt; (2) Motion of defendant for modification of decree

MONDAY, NOVEMBER 6, 1933
67
of December 7, 1931; and (3) Report of the Special Master upon the
Second Rereference, by Mr. Duane E. Minard for the complainant
and by Mr. Arthur J. W. Hilly for the defendant.
No. 88. The United States of America, petitioner, v. Harry Mur-
dock. Argued by Mr. Solicitor General Biggs for the petitioner,
and by Mr. Harold J. Bandy for the respondent.
No. 162. The United States of America, appellant, v. Gregorio
Chavez and Jose Maria Chavez. Argument commenced by Mr.
Solicitor General Biggs for the appellant.
Adjourned until tomorrow at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Tuesday, November 7, will be as follows: Nos.
162, 241, 11, 16, 222, 351, 352, 370, 41, and 62 (63 and 64).
×
13563-33-
19

TUESDAY, NOVEMBER 7, 1933
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
68
Present: The Chief Justice, Mr. Justice Van Devanter, Mr. Justice
McReynolds, Mr. Justice Brandeis, Mr. Justice Sutherland, Mr. Jus-
tice Butler, Mr. Justice Stone, Mr. Justice Roberts, and Mr. Justice
Cardozo.
Phoebe J. O'Donnell, of Omaha, Nebr.; George F. Shea, of New
York City; William S. Ervin, of Minneapolis, Minn.; You Chung
Hong, of Los Angeles, Calif.; Charles E. Fairman, of Washington,
D.C.; and Theodore Stubbs, of Galveston, Tex., were admitted to
practice.
No. 162. The United States of America, appellant, v. Gregorio
Chavez and Jose Maria Chavez. Argument concluded by Mr. So-
licitor General Biggs for the appellant, and case submitted by Mr.
George R. Craig for the appellees.
No. 241. Herman Snyder, petitioner, v. Commonwealth of Massa-
chusetts. Argued by Mr. A. C. Webber for the petitioner, and by
Mr. Joseph E. Warner for the respondent.
No. 11. Central Kentucky Natural Gas Company, appellant, v.
Railroad Commission of Kentucky et al. Argued by Mr. Henry T.
Duncan for the appellants; by Mr. Robert H. Winn for the appellees
Railroad Commission of Kentucky and the City of Lexington; and
by Mr. Joseph A. Edge for the appellees Mrs. George Hignight et al.
Adjourned until tomorrow at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Wednesday, November 8, will be as follows: Nos.
16, 222, 351, 352, 370, 41, 62 (63 and 64), 65, 84, and 51.
×
13563-33-20

WEDNESDAY, NOVEMBER 8, 1933
69
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: The Chief Justice, Mr. Justice Van Devanter, Mr. Justice
McReynolds, Mr. Justice Brandeis, Mr. Justice Sutherland, Mr. Jus-
tice Butler, Mr. Justice Stone, Mr. Justice Roberts, and Mr. Justice
Cardozo.
David M. Palley, of New York City; Lawrence Bennett, of New
York City; G. Franklin Ludington, of New York City; Louis Cap-
lan, of Pittsburgh, Pa.; and Carlos Gustave Nordquist, of Seattle,
Wash., were admitted to practice.
No. 16. Missouri State Life Insurance Company and Hartford
Accident & Indemnity Company, petitioners, v. Marion Johnson.
Jester Jones, Administrator of the Estate of Marion Johnson, sub-
stituted as the party respondent on motion of Mr. Tom Poe.
No. 16. Missouri State Life Insurance Company and Hartford
Accident & Indemnity Company, petitioners, v. Jester Jones, Admin-
istrator, etc. Argued by Mr. Allen May for the petitioners and by
Mr. Tom Poe for the respondent.
No. 222. State of Montana et al., appellants, v. The United States,
Interstate Commerce Commission, Northern Pacific Railway Com-
pany, et al. Submitted on briefs per stipulation of counsel by Mr.
Francis A. Silver for the appellants; by Mr. Solicitor General Biggs
and Mr. Elmer B. Collins for appellee, The United States; by Mr.
Daniel W. Knowlton and Mr. Edward M. Reidy for appellee, The
Interstate Commerce Commission; by Mr. M. L. Countryman, Jr.,
Mr. D. F. Lyon, Mr. F. G. Dorety, Mr. J. N. Davis, and Mr. Walter
McFarland for appellees, Northern Pacific Railway Company et al.
No. 351. Larabee Flour Mills Company v. First National Bank of
Dublin; and
No. 352. First National Bank of St. Petersburg, Florida, et al., v.
City of Miami. Argued by Mr. Kenneth I. McKay for First Na-
tional Bank of Dublin; by Mr. C. I. Carey for City of Miami; and
by Mr. H. E. Hackney for Comptroller of Currency of the United
States, and case submitted by Mr. C. C. Crockett for Larabee Flour
Mills Company.
No. 370. Home Building & Loan Association, appellants, v. John
H. Blaisdell and Rosella Blaisdell, his wife. Argument commenced
13563-33-21

WEDNESDAY, NOVEMBER 8, 1933
70
by Mr. Karl H. Covell for the appellants; continued by Mr. Alfred
W. Bowen for the appellants; and by Mr. Harry H. Peterson and
Mr. William S. Ervin for the appellees.
Adjourned until tomorrow at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Thursday, November 9, will be as follows: Nos.
370, 41, 62 (63, 64, and 65), 84, 72, 51, 54, 75, 76, and 77.
Х

THURSDAY, NOVEMBER 9, 1933
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
71
Present: The Chief Justice, Mr. Justice Van Devanter, Mr. Justice
McReynolds, Mr. Justice Brandeis, Mr. Justice Sutherland, Mr. Jus-
tice Butler, Mr. Justice Stone, Mr. Justice Roberts, and Mr. Justice
Cardozo.
George H. Barber, of Albany, N.Y.; Charles V. Garnett, of Kansas
City, Mo.; F. F. Thomas, Jr., of San Francisco, Calif.; I. K. Lewis,
of Duluth, Minn.; Richard Ford, of Detroit, Mich.; James H. Hyer,
of Athens, N.Y.; Lawrence Duncan Lloyd, of Chicago, Ill.; Wm. P.
Lane, Jr., of Baltimore, Md.; Willis R. Jones, of Baltimore, Md.;
Frederick E. S. Morrison, of Philadelphia, Pa.; Raymond K. Den-
worth, of Philadelphia, Pa.; Harris C. Arnold, of Lancaster, Pa.;
Leslie M. Swope, of Philadelphia, Pa.; and Wolcott P. Robbins, of
New York City, were admitted to practice.
Order
No. 5. Ivan E. Oakes, petitioner, v. Ben Lake, as Sheriff of
Owyhee County, Idaho. Ordered, that the opinion in this case be
amended as follows: By striking out the following, now appearing
on page 4 of said opinion:
"The true rule is stated in Robertson v. Staed, supra, at page 137,
by the Supreme Court of Missouri:
"Independently of the matter of comity a receiver who has been
appointed by a foreign court, and who by virtue of such appoint-
ment has taken into his possession and custody within said juris-
diction property belonging to an insolvent debtor, thereby acquires
a special property in said chattel, and when the same, upon being
sent or removed into this State or any other jurisdiction is there
seized and detained by a creditor of said insolvent, he is thereby
entitled, as a matter of right, to institute and maintain in the courts
of this State an action of replevin for its recovery.'”
And by inserting in lieu thereof:
66
The true rule is stated in Robertson v. Staed, supra, by the
supreme court of Missouri, where it was held that where the receiver
has taken possession of property in pursuance of his appointment, a
special property is thereby vested in him which enables him to
maintain a suit for the recovery of the property in a foreign jurisdic-
13563-33--22

THURSDAY, NOVEMBER 9, 1933
72
tion; and that the principle upon which that may be done is one of
law and not of comity.""
6
No. 72. Raymond J. Funkhouser and Elmer M. Funkhouser, doing
business under the firm name and style of R. J. Funkhouser & Co.,
appellants, v. J. B. Preston Company, Inc. Submitted by Mr.
George Link, Jr., for the appellants, and by Mr. Jeremiah A. O'Leary
for the appellee, with leave to appellant to file an additional brief
within five days.
No. 370. Home Building and Loan Association, appellant, v. John
H. Blaisdell and Rosella Blaisdell, his wife. Argument concluded
by Mr. Wm. S. Ervin for the appellees.
No. 41. Board of Supervisors of Harrison County, Iowa, and
Pigeon Creek Drainage District in that County, appellants, v. Board
of Supervisors of Pottawattamie County, Iowa, et al. Argued by
Mr. Ellsworth C. Alvord for the appellants, and case submitted by
Mr. George S. Wright for the appellees.
No. 84. City Bank Farmers Trust Company, Executor, etc., ap-
pellant, v. William A. Schnader, Attorney General of Pennsylvania,
et al. Argued by Mr. Henry S. Drinker, Jr., for the appellant, and
by Mr. William A. Schnader for the appellees. Leave granted
appellant to file an additional brief within five days.
No. 62. First National Bank of Cincinnati et al., petitioners, v.
Rudolph B. Flershem et al., etc.;
No. 63. First National Bank of Cincinnati et al., petitioners, v.
Rudolph B. Flershem et al., etc.;
No. 64. Amy Arzt and Josephine Ramsey, petitioners, v. Rudolph
B. Flershem et al., etc.; and
No. 65. Lily Clapier, petitioner, v. Rudolph B. Flershem et al.,
etc. Argument commenced by Mr. Ralph Royall for the petitioner,
First National Bank of Cincinnati, in Nos. 62 and 63; and con-
tinued by Mr. James F. Hubbell for petitioner International Heater
Co. in Nos. 62 and 63; and by Mr. David M. Palley for the peti-
tioners in Nos. 64 and 65.
Adjourned until tomorrow at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Friday, November 10, will be as follows: Nos.
62 (63, 64, and 65), 51, 54, 75, 76, 77, 78, 71 (and 95), 79, and
80.

FRIDAY, NOVEMBER 10, 1933
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
73
Present: The Chief Justice, Mr. Justice Van Devanter, Mr. Justice
McReynolds, Mr. Justice Brandeis, Mr. Justice Sutherland, Mr. Jus-
tice Butler, Mr. Justice Stone, Mr. Justice Roberts, and Mr. Justice
Cardozo.
Corydon Bushnell Dunham, of New York City; Leland K. Neeves,
of Chicago, Ill.; Daniel E. McGrath, of Amarillo, Tex.; Morris
Gogolick, of New York City; and David Charness, of Milwaukee,
Wis., were admitted to practice.
No. 62. First National Bank of Cincinnati and International
Heater Company, petitioners, v. Rudolph B. Flershem et al., etc.;
No. 63. First National Bank of Cincinnati and International
Heater Company, petitioners, v. Rudolph B. Clershem et al., etc.;
No. 64. Amy Arzt and Josephine Ramsey, petitioners, v. Rudolph
B. Flershem et al., etc.; and
No. 65. Lily Clapier, petitioner, v. Rudolph B. Flershem et al.,
etc. Argument continued by Mr. Lawrence Bennett for the re-
spondent, Reorganization Committee, in Nos. 62, 63, 64, and 65:
and concluded by Mr. Grandin Tracy Vought for respondent,
Bankers Trust Company, in Nos. 62, 63, and 64.
No. 51. William Miller, Administrator, etc., petitioner, v. Union
Pacific Railroad Company. Argued by Mr. Martin J. O'Donnell
for the petitioner, and by Mr. Charles V. Garnett for the respondent.
No. 54. Acel C. Alexander, Collector of Internal Revenue, peti-
tioner, v. Cosden Pipe Line Company. Argument commenced by
Mr. Solicitor General Biggs for the petitioner.
Adjourned until Monday next at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Monday, November 13, will be as follows: Nos.
54, 75, 76, 77, 78, 394, 71 (and 95), 79, 80, and 56.
13563-33--22
☑

MONDAY, NOVEMBER 13, 1933
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
74
Present: The Chief Justice, Mr. Justice Van Devanter, Mr. Justice
McReynolds, Mr. Justice Brandeis, Mr. Justice Sutherland, Mr. Jus-
tice Butler, Mr. Justice Stone, Mr. Justice Roberts, and Mr. Justice
Cardozo.
Jno. W. Carter, Jr., of Danville, Va.; Hobart Huson II, of San
Antonio, Tex.; Jas. A. Steele, of Refugio, Tex.; Sam Johnson, of
Maryville, Tenn.; F. Herbert Prem, of New York City; Wm. Bur-
net Wright, of Baltimore, Md.; Henry F. Butler, of Cambridge,
Mass.; Chas. D. Welch, of Coffeyville, Kans.; and J. Martin Mc-
Donough, of Baltimore, Md., were admitted to practice.
No. 4. Krauss Bros. Lumber Company, petitioner, v. Dimon
Steamship Corporation, Claimant of the Steamship "Pacific Cedar ",
her engines, etc. On writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit
Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit. Decree reversed with costs.
and cause remanded to the District Court of the United States for
the Western District of Washington for further proceedings in con-
formity with the opinion of this Court. Opinion by Mr. Justice
Stone. Dissenting: Mr. Justice McReynolds, Mr. Justice Suther-
land, Mr. Justice Butler, and Mr. Justice Roberts.
The Chief Justice announced the following orders of the Court:
No. 222. State of Montana, Board of Railroad Commissioners of
the State of Montana, et al., etc., appellants, v. The United States
of America, Interstate Commerce Commission, et al. Appeal from
the District Court of the United States for the District of Montana.
Per curiam: Decree affirmed. United States v. Louisiana, 290 U.S.
-, decided November 6, 1933.
No. 351. Larabee Flour Mills Company v. First National Bank of
Dublin; and
No. 352. The First National Bank of St. Petersburg, Fla., et al.,
. City of Miami. On certificates from the United States Circuit
Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit. Per curiam: The certificates
are dismissed. Baltimore & Ohio R.R. Co. v. Interstate Commerce
Commission, 215 U.S. 216, 221; Waterville v. Van Slyke, 116 U.S.
13563-33--23

MONDAY, NOVEMBER 13, 1933
75
699, 703-704; Jewell v. Knight, 123 U.S. 426, 432, 433, 434; Chicago,
Burlington & Quincy Ry. Co. v. Williams, 205 U.S. 444, 451, 454;
Hallowell v. The United States, 209 U.S. 101, 106, 107; United
States v. Mayer, 235 U.S. 55, 66; Biddle v. Luvisch, 266 U.S. 173,
174, 175.
No. 41. Board of Supervisors of Harrison County, Iowa, and
Pigeon Creek Drainage District in that County, appellants, v. Board
of Supervisors of Pottawattamie County, Iowa, et al. Appeal from
the Supreme Court of the State of Iowa. Per curiam: The appeal
herein is dismissed for the want of a substantial Federal question.
Boston & Maine R.R. Co. v. Armburg, 285 U.S. 234, 240; O'Gorman
& Young v. Hartford Insurance Co., 282 U.S. 251, 257, 258; Hard-
ware Dealers Mutual Fire Insurance Co. v. Glidden Co., 284 U.S.
151, 158; Lawrence v. State Tax Commission, 286 U.S. 276, 283.
No. 525. American Baseball Club of Philadelphia et al., appel-
lants, v. City of Philadelphia et al. Appeal from the Supreme Court
of the State of Pennsylvania. Per curiam: The appeal herein is dis-
missed for the want of a substantial Federal question. (1) Ex parte:
Poresky, 290 U.S. -, decided November 6, 1933; Levering & Gar-
rigues Co. v. Morrin, 289 U.S. 103, 105; Equitable Life Assurance
Society v. Brown, 187 U.S. 308, 311; Pennsylvania Hospital v. Phila-
delphia, 245 U.S. 20, 24; Roe v. Kansas, 278 U.S. 191. (2) Patsone
”. Pennsylvania, 232 U.S. 138, 144; Silver v. Silver, 280 U.S. 117,
123; Sproles v. Binford, 286 U.S. 374, 396. (3) United States v.
Grimaud, 220 U.S. 506, 516, 518; United States v. Chemical Founda-
tion, 272 U.S. 1, 11, 12; Hampton & Co. v. United States, 276 U.S.
394, 406, 407.
No. 546. American Airways, Inc., appellant, v. Alice Lee Gros-
jean, Supervisor of Public Accounts of the State of Louisiana. Ap-
peal from the District Court of the United States for the Eastern
District of Louisiana. Per curiam: Decree affirmed. Edelman v.
Boeing Air Transport, Inc., 289 U.S. 249, 251, 252.
No. 551. Wald Transfer & Storage Company, appellant, v. Lon A.
Smith et al. Appeal from the District Court of the United States
for the Southern District of Texas. Per curiam: Decree affirmed.
Bradley v. Public Utility Commission, 289 U.S. 92, 95–98.
No. 552. D. A. Beard, appellant, v. Lon A. Smith et al. Appeal
from the District Court of the United States for the Southern Dis-
trict of Texas. Per curiam: Decree affirmed. Bradley v. Public
Utility Commission, 289 U.S. 92, 95–98.

MONDAY, NOVEMBER 13, 1933
The Chief Justice said:
76
76
"The other orders of the Court appear upon the list certified to by
the Chief Justice and filed with the Clerk and will not be announced
orally."
No., original. Ex parte: Garland Latta, petitioner. The mo-
tion for leave to file petition for writ of habeas corpus is denied.
No., original. Commonwealth of Pennsylvania, complainant, v.
State of Arkansas. The motion for leave to file a bill of complaint
herein is granted and process is ordered to issue returnable on Mon-
day, January 15, next.
No. -, original. Ex parte: W. Bissell Thomas et al., petitioners.
The rule to show cause herein is discharged and the motion for leave
to file petition for writ of mandamus is denied.
No. 400. City of Marion, Illinois, a Municipal Corporation, et al.,
petitioners, v. Ben Sneeden, as Receiver, etc. The motion on behalf
of the People of the Philippine Islands for leave to participate in
the oral argument as amicus curiae is denied.
No. 560. John W. Laramore, petitioner, v. The State of Florida.
On petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of the State
of Florida. The motion for leave to proceed further herein in forma
pauperis is denied for the reason that the Court, upon examination.
of the papers herein submitted, finds no ground upon which a writ
of certiorari should be granted. The petition for writ of certiorari
is therefore also denied.
No. 563. Ralph Mark, petitioner, v. Joseph Wilson, Warden of
Great Meadow Prison, Comstock, N.Y. On petition for writ of
certiorari to the Supreme Court of New York, Appellate Division,
3rd Department. The motion for leave to proceed further herein
in forma pauperis is denied for the reason that the Court, upon
examination of the papers herein submitted, finds no ground upon
which a writ of certiorari should be granted. The petition for writ
of certiorari is therefore also denied.
No. 548. Illinois Bell Telephone Company, appellant, v. Benjamin
F. Lindheimer et al., etc. Further consideration of the question of
the jurisdiction of this Court in this case is postponed to the hearing
of the case on the merits, and the case is assigned for argument
with No. 440 heretofore assigned for argument on Monday, Janu-
ary 15, next.
No. 505. Manhattan Properties, Inc., petitioner, v. Irving Trust
Company, as Trustee, etc.; and
No. 506. Samuel R. Brown et al., petitioners, v. Irving Trust
Company, as Trustee, etc. Petitions for writs of certiorari to the
United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit
granted. The motion to consolidate and advance is granted and the

MONDAY, NOVEMBER 13, 1933
77
cases are assigned for argument on Monday, January 8, next, after
the cases heretofore assigned for that day.
No. 507. Dooley Improvements, Inc., petitioner, v. Motor Im-
provements, Inc., and Ernest J. Sweetland. Petition for writ of
certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the
Third Circuit denied. The Chief Justice took no part in the con-
sideration or decision of this application.
No. 280. Atlantic Oil Transit Corporation and National Surety
Company, petitioners, v. Proctor & Gamble Company. Petition for
writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for
the Second Circuit denied.
No. 172. Charles H. Whitehead, Executor of the Estate of Mary
H. Whitehead, deceased, petitioner, v. Guy T. Helvering, Commis-
sioner of Internal Revenue. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Eighth Circuit
denied.
No. 486. George O. Baird, petitioner, v. The United States of
America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit
Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 489. Katherine Bogan, as Special Administratrix of the Es-
tate of John Arthur Eddy, deceased, petitioner. v. Letitia Hynes,
sometimes known as Latitia Hynes, and Harry Hynes. Petition for
writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for
the Ninth Circuit denied.
No. 492. Giovanni Impiriale, alias Andrea Burricei, petitioner,
v. Frances Perkins, Secretary of Labor. Petition for writ of cer-
tiorari to the Court of Appeals of the District of Columbia denied.
No. 494. W. H. Hill Company, by Union Guardian Trust Com-
pany, Receiver, petitioner, v. Guy T. Helvering, Commissioner of
Internal Revenue. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United
States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Sixth Circuit denied.
No. 496. Navigazione Generale Italiana, petitioner, v. Philip
Elting, Collector of Customs of the Port of New York. Petition for
writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for
the Second Circuit denied.
No. 497. Transatlantica Italiana, petitioner, v. Philip Elting, Col-
lector of Customs of the Port of New York. Petition for writ of
certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the
Second Circuit denied.
No. 500. Esther Pine, petitioner, v. The Columbian National Life
Insurance Company. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United
States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit denied.

MONDAY, NOVEMBER 13, 1933
78
No. 501. Derolice D. Cobb, petitioner, v. National Surety Com-
pany. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit
Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 502. Lafayette Worsted Company, petitioner, v. Frank A.
Page, Collector of Internal Revenue. Petition for writ of certiorari
to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the First Circuit
denied.
No. 503. Rosenbloom Finance Corporation, petitioner, v. Guy T.
Helvering, Commissioner of Internal Revenue. Petition for writ of
certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the
Third Circuit denied.
No. 508. Southern Realty Corporation et al., petitioners, v. W. W.
Heath, Secretary of State, et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to
the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit
denied.
No. 510. Compagnie Francaise De Navigation A Vapeur, peti-
tioner, v. Philip Elting, Collector of Customs, Port of New York.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of
Appeals for the Second Circuit denied.
No. 511. Compagnie Francaise De Navigation A Vapeur, peti-
tioner, v. Philip Elting, Collector of Customs, Port of New York.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court
of Appeals for the Second Circuit denied.
No. 512. Compagnie Francaise De Navigation A Vapeur, peti-
tioner, v. Philip Elting, Collector of Customs, Port of New York.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court
of Appeals for the Second Circuit denied.
No. 513. Compagnie Francaise De Navigation A Vapeur, peti-
tioner, v. Philip Elting, Collector of Customs, Port of New York.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of
Appeals for the Second Circuit denied.
No. 514. Compagnie Francaise De Navigation A Vapeur, peti-
tioner, v. Philip Elting, Collector of Customs, Port of New York.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of
Appeals for the Second Circuit denied.
No. 517. State ex rel. Theodore Cotonio, petitioner, v. Italo-
American Homestead Association. Petition for writ of certiorari to
the Supreme Court of the State of Louisiana denied.

MONDAY, NOVEMBER 13, 1933
The Chief Justice also announced the following order:
ORDER
79
72
The Court will take a recess from Monday, November 20, until
Monday, December 4 next.
No. 547. New Colonial Ice Company, Inc., petitioner, v. Commis-
sioner of Internal Revenue; and
No. 554. Thomas A. O'Donnell, petitioner, v. Commissioner of
Internal Revenue. Guy T. Helvering, present Commissioner of In-
ternal Revenue, substituted as party respondent in place of David
Burnet, on motion of Mr. Solicitor General Biggs in that behalf.
No. 168. J. M. Jannett and J. A. Skipper, appellants, v. Dan
Hardie, as Sheriff of Dade County, Florida, etc. Motion on behalf
of the Russell Sage Foundation for leave to participate in the oral
argument as amicus curial submitted by Mr. Sam A. Syme and the
motion denied.
No. 233. Frederick T. Fleitmann, petitioner, v. Guy T. Helvering,
Commissioner of Internal Revenue. Leave granted to file petition
for rehearing on motion of Mr. Thomas J. Reilly in behalf of
counsel for petitioner.
No. 54. Acel C. Alexander, Collector of Internal Revenue, peti-
tioner, v. Cosden Pipe Line Company. Argument continued by
Mr. Solicitor General Biggs for the petitioner, by Mr. R. H. Wills
for the respondent, and concluded by Mr. Solicitor General Biggs
☐ for the petitioner.
No. 75. Guy T. Helvering, Commissioner of Internal Revenue,
petitioner, v. Julia Butterworth et al. Argued by Mr. Erwin N.
Griswold for the petitioner and by Mr. John Hampton Barnes for
the respondent.
No. 76. Guy T. Helvering, Commissioner of Internal Revenue,
petitioner, v. Fidelity-Philadelphia Trust Company, Trustee, etc.
Argued by Mr. Erwin N. Griswold for the petitioner and by Mr.
Robert T. McCracken for the respondent.
No. 77. Guy T. Helvering, Commissioner of Internal Revenue,
petitioner, v. Frank Pardee et al., etc. Argued by Mr. Erwin N.
Griswold for the petitioner, and case submitted by Mr. Ralph B.
Evans for the respondent.
No. 78. Guy T. Helvering, Commissioner of Internal Revenue,
petitioner, v. Title Guarantee Loan & Trust Company, as Trustee,
☐ etc. Argued by Mr. Erwin N. Griswold for the petitioner and by
Mr. H. C. Kilpatrick for the respondent.

MONDAY, NOVEMBER 13, 1933
80
No. 394. John S. Funk, petitioner, v. The United States of
America. Argument commenced by Mr. John W. Carter, Jr., for
the petitioner.
Adjourned until tomorrow at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Tuesday, November 14, will be as follows: Nos.
394, 71 (and 95), 79, 80, 56, 101, 103, 114, 112, and 94.
Х

TUESDAY, NOVEMBER 14, 1933
81
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: The Chief Justice, Mr. Justice Van Devanter, Mr. Justice
McReynolds, Mr. Justice Brandeis, Mr. Justice Butler, Mr. Justice
Stone, Mr. Justice Roberts, and Mr. Justice Cardozo.
Vincent L. Toomey, of Washington, D.C.; Daniel P. Galen, of
Miami, Fla.; Thomas F. Fennell, of Elmira, N.Y.; Martin W. Meyer,
of Washington, D.C.; William H. Leahy, of Framingham, Mass.;
Charles P. Dorr, of Morgantown, W.Va.; Melvin L. Krulewitch, of
New York City; Charles E. Moore, of Stamford, Conn.; Katherine
M. Littell, of New Orleans, La.; Norman M. Littell, of Seattle,
Wash.; Paul H. Burns, of New York City; and Marion B. Knight,
of Blountstown, Fla., were admitted to practice.
No. 394. John F. Funk, petitioner, v. The United States. Argu-
ment continued by Mr. John W. Carter, Jr., for the petitioner, and
concluded by Mr. Assistant Solicitor General MacLean for the
respondent.
No. 71. Sarah Elizabeth Stringfellow, a Widow, petitioner, v.
Atlantic Coast Line Railroad Company; and
No. 95. Atlantic Coast Line Railroad Company, petitioner, v.
Sarah Elizabeth Stringfellow, a Widow, etc. Argued by Mr. Wil-
liam C. McLean for Sarah Elizabeth Stringfellow, etc., and by Mr.
McKinney Barton for the Atlantic Coast Line Railroad Company.
No. 79. J. T. Trotter, Guardian, etc., petitioner, v. State of Ten-
nessee, in its own behalf and for the use and benefit of Blount County.
Argued by Mr. Russell R. Kramer for the petitioner and by Mr.
Sam Johnson for the respondent.
No. 80. Louis H. May et al., petitioners, v. Hamburg-Amerikan-
ische Aktien-Gesellschaft. Argument commenced by Mr. D. Roger
Englar for the petitioner.
Adjourned until tomorrow at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Wednesday, November 15, will be as follows: Nos.
80, 541, 56, 101, 114, 103, 112, 94, 117, and 89.
13563-33-24
☑

WEDNESDAY, NOVEMBER 15, 1933
82
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: The Chief Justice, Mr. Justice Van Devanter, Mr. Justice
McReynolds, Mr. Justice Brandeis, Mr. Justice Butler, Mr. Justice
Stone, Mr. Justice Roberts, and Mr. Justice Cardozo.
James W. Huffman, of Columbus, Ohio; Paul Carter, of Mari-
anna, Fla.; Howe P. Cochran, of Washington, D.C.; Laurence H.
Eldredge, of Philadelphia, Pa.; John L. Davies, of Columbus, Ohio;
Frank C. Leslie, of Akron, Ohio; Charles C. Norris, Jr., of Phila-
delphia, Pa.; Florence M. Selander, of Minneapolis, Minn.; and
Edward J. Fox, Jr., of Easton, Pa., were admitted to practice.
No. 80. Louis H. May et al., petitioner, v. Hamburg-Amerika-
nische Packetfahrt Aktien-Gesellschaft. Argument continued by Mr.
D. Roger Englar for the petitioner, and concluded by Mr. John W.
Griffin for the respondent.
No. 541. Seldon Glenn et al., Individually, etc., appellants, v.
Field Packing Company. Argued by Mr. S. H. Brown for the
appellants, and by Mr. William Marshall Bullitt for the appellee.
No. 56. Alaska Steamship Company, petitioner, v. The United
States of America. Argued by Mr. Norman M. Littell for the peti-
tioner, and by Mr. Assistant Solicitor General MacLean for the
respondent.
No. 101. Laura Ormsby et al., Executors, etc., petitioners, v.
Louise Chase, by Jesse Blythe et al. Argument commenced by Mr.
C. Brewster Rhoads for the petitioner, and continued by Mr. Edward
J. Fox for the respondents.
Adjourned until tomorrow at 12 o'clock.
The day call. for Thursday, November 16, will be as follows: Nos.
101, 114, 103, 89, 509, 112, 94, 117, 133, and 152.
13563-33-25

THURSDAY, NOVEMBER 16, 1933
83
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: The Chief Justice, Mr. Justice Brandeis, Mr. Justice
Butler, Mr. Justice Stone, Mr. Justice Roberts, and Mr. Justice
Cardozo.
Harry D. Reed, of Columbia, S.C.; Irving Reynolds, of New York
City; Julian L. Hagen, of New York City; Robert E. Cullison, of
Bartlesville, Okla.; Paul P. Massey, of Omaha, Nebr.; William A.
Challener, of Pittsburgh, Pa.; B. Wofford Wait, of Tampa, Fla.;
J. Winfield Hendry, of Tampa, Fla.; Philip Lutz, Jr., of Indian-
apolis, Ind.; Herbert J. Patrick, of Tell City, Ind.; and Herbert K.
Hyde, of Oklahoma City, Okla., were admitted to practice.
No. 101. Laura Ormsby and B. Rush Field, Executors, etc., peti-
tioners, v. Louise Chase, by Jesse Blythe et al. Argument concluded
by Mr. Edward J. Fox for the respondents.
No. 114. The State Corporation Commission for the State of
Kansas et al., appellants, v. The Wichita Gas Company et al. Ar-
gument commenced by Mr. E. H. Hatcher for the appellants;
continued by Mr. Robert D. Garver for the appellees, Wichita Gas
Company et al.; by Mr. Charles D. Welch for the appellants; and
concluded by Mr. J. W. Finley for the appellee, Cities Service Gas
Company.
No. 103. Norumbega Company, appellant, v. John J. Bennett, Jr.,
as an individual, etc. Argument commenced by Mr. Bernhard
Knollenberg for the appellant. The Court declined to hear further
argument.
No. 112. Federal Land Bank of Columbia, S.C., petitioner, v. Mrs.
Will Gaines. Argument commenced by Mr. Peyton R. Evans for
the petitioner.
Adjourned until tomorrow at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Friday, November 17, will be as follows: Nos.
112, 94, 117, 89, 509, 133, 152, and 153.
13563-33--26

FRIDAY, NOVEMBER 17, 1933
84
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: The Chief Justice, Mr. Justice Van Devanter, Mr. Jus-
tice McReynolds, Mr. Justice Brandeis, Mr. Justice Butler, Mr.
Justice Roberts, and Mr. Justice Cardozo.
Helen Louise Bowman, of Dayton, Ohio; C. Horace Tuttle, of
New York City; Harold E. Wallace, of Salt Lake City, Utah;
Thomas Gallagher, of Minneapolis, Minn.; and Thomas P. Mikell,
of Philadelphia, Pa., were admitted to practice.
No. 153. Alvin F. Fix, Jr., Collector of Internal Revenue, etc.,
petitioner, v. Philadelphia Barge Company et al. Motion respect-
ing substitution of petitioner submitted by Mr. Solicitor General
Biggs for the petitioner.
No. 112. Federal Land Bank of Columbia, S.C., petitioner, v.
Mrs. Will Gaines. Argument continued by Mr. M. R. McCown for
the respondent, and concluded by Mr. Peyton R. Evans for the
petitioner.
No. 94. M. D. Hicklin, Individually, etc., et al., appellants, v.
J. C. Coney et al., etc. Argued by Mr. B. Wofford Wait for the
appellants, and by Mr. Irvine F. Belser for the appellees.
No. 117. Hunter A. Gibbs, Representing himself, etc., appellant,
v. Simpson J. Zimmerman, Individually, etc., et al. Argued by Mr.
D. W. Robinson for the appellant, and by Mr. Irvine F. Belser for
the appellees.
No. 152. Newton W. Lumbra, petitioner, v. The United States of
America. Argued by Mr. Warren E. Miller for the petitioner, and
by Mr. Will G. Beardslee for the respondent.
Adjourned until Monday, November 20, next at 12 o'clock.
☑
13563-33-27

MONDAY, NOVEMBER 20, 1933
85
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: The Chief Justice, Mr. Justice Brandeis, Mr. Justice
Sutherland, Mr. Justice Butler, Mr. Justice Stone, Mr. Justice
Roberts, and Mr. Justice Cardozo.
Samuel F. Beach, of Washington, D.C.; Charles O. Bruce, of San
Francisco, Calif.; Roswell W. Chandler, of Caldwell, N.J.; William
I. Jones, of Omaha, Nebr.; Samuel P. Weaver, of Spokane, Wash.;
and Albert Whiting Fox, of Washington, D.C., were admitted to
practice.
No. 44. L. M. Dakin (Successor to A. M. Anderson), as Receiver
of the First National Bank of St. Petersburg, petitioner, v. Taver
Bayly, as Liquidator of the Peoples Bank of Clearwater. On writ
of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the
Fifth Circuit. Judgment reversed with costs, and cause remanded
to the District Court of the United States for the Southern District
of Florida for further proceedings in conformity with the opinion
of this Court. Opinion by Mr. Justice Roberts. Dissenting opinion
by Mr. Justice Stone.
No. 8. Butte, Anaconda & Pacific Railway Company. petitioner, v.
The United States of America. On writ of certiorari to the United
States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit. Judgment
reversed, and cause remanded to the District Court of the United
States for the District of Montana for further proceedings in
conformity with the opinion of this Court. Opinion by Mr. Justice
Brandeis.
The Chief Justice announced the following orders of the Court:
No. 529. Ennis H. Coale, by Howard Cronin Coale, His Father
and Next Friend, and Howard Cronin Coale, Individually, appel-
lants, v. Raymond A. Pearson, President and Executive Head of the
University of Maryland, et al., etc. Appeal from the Court of
Appeals of the State of Maryland. Per curiam: The appeal herein
is dismissed for the want of a substantial Federal question.
Equitable Life Assurance Society v. Brown, 187 U.S. 308, 311; Roe
v. Kansas, 278 U.S. 191; American Baseball Club v. Philadelphia.
290 U.S.; Atkin v. Kansas, 191 U.S. 207, 222, 223; Heim v. McCall,
239 U. S. 175, 191; Stephenson v. Binford, 287 U.S. 251, 275, 276:
Waugh v. Mississippi University, 237 U.S. 589, 596, 597; United
States v. MacIntosh, 283 U.S. 605, 623, 624.
13563-33--28

MONDAY, NOVEMBER 20, 1933
86
No. 562. John N. Lukens, appellant, v. The Commonwealth of
Pennsylvania. Appeal from the Supreme Court of the State of
Pennsylvania. Per curiam: The appeal herein is dismissed for the
want of a substantial Federal question. Wabash Railroad Co. v.
Flannigan, 192 U.S. 29; Equitable Life Assurance Society v. Brown,
187 U.S. 308, 311; American Baseball Club v. Philadelphia, 290
U.S. State Board of Tax Commissioners v. Jackson, 283 U.S.
527, 537; Heisler v. Thomas Colliery Co., 260 U.S. 245, 255–257.
-
No. 569. Jefferson County, appellant, v. J. H. Hard, Jr., as State
Comptroller of the State of Alabama, and S. R. Butler, as State Tax
Commissioner of the State of Alabama. Appeal from the Supreme
Court of the State of Alabama. Per curiam: The appeal herein is
dismissed for the want of a substantial Federal question. (1) Paw-
huska v. Pawhuska Oil Co., 250 U.S. 394, 397-399; Trenton v. New
Jersey, 262 U.S. 182, 188, 191, 192; Chicago v. Chicago Rapid Tran-
sit Co., 284 U.S. 577, 578. (2) Quong Ham Wah Co. v. Industrial
Accident Commission, 255 U.S. 445, 448, 449; Knights of Pythias v.
Meyer, 265 U.S. 30, 32, 33; American Railway Express Co. v.
Royster Guano Co., 273 U.S. 274, 280; Swiss Oil Corp. v. Shanks,
273 U.S. 392, 411, 412.
The Chief Justice said:
"The other orders of the Court appear upon the list certified to by
the Chief Justice and filed with the Clerk and will not be announced
orally."
No. 555. Mona Motor Oil Company, appellant, v. Ray E. Johnson,
Treasurer of the State of Iowa, et al., In this case probable juris-
diction is noted.
No. 524. Peter Malavazos et al., petitioners, v. Irving Trust Com-
pany, Trustee, etc. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United
States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit granted, and
the case is assigned for argument immediately following Nos. 505
and 506, heretofore assigned for Monday, January 8 next.
No. 498. The Federal Land Bank of Berkeley, petitioner, v. Sam-
uel S. Warner, et ux., et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
Supreme Court of the State of Arizona granted.
No. 515. Guy T. Helvering, Commissioner of Internal Revenue,
petitioner, v. The Newport Company. Petition for writ of certiorari
to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Seventh Cir-
cuit granted.
No. 526. Ebba Pagel et al., petitioners, v. Edward Pagel, as Ad-
ministrator, etc., et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme
Court of the State of Minnesota granted.

MONDAY, NOVEMBER 20, 1933
87
No. 535. Grace Lewis Connell et al., petitioners, v. Eva S. Walker.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of the State of
North Dakota granted.
No. 408. Elinor Jorgensen, petitioner, v. N. W. Thornberg. Peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of
Appeals for the Third Circuit denied.
No. 495. H. G. Ferguson, petitioner, v. The United States. Peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the Court of Claims denied.
No. 518. The United States of America, petitioner, v. Henry F.
Norcott;
No. 519. The United States of America, petitioner, v. Harold D.
Bennett;
No. 520. The United States of America, petitioner, v. Charles P.
Packer, Jr.;
No. 521. The United States of America, petitioner, v. W. Scott
Carroll; and
No. 522. The United States of America, petitioner, v. Leslie A.
Needham. Petition for writs of certiorari to the United States
Circuit Court of Appeals for the Seventh Circuit denied.
No. 523. The Brown Shoe Company, petitioners, v. Henry A.
Carns, as Trustee, etc. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United.
States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Eighth Circuit denied.
No. 528. Crucible Steel Casting Company, petitioner, v. Guy T.
Helvering, Commissioner of Internal Revenue. Petition for writ of
certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the
Seventh Circuit denied.
No. 530. Myron H. Wells, Receiver in Involuntary Bankruptcy of
Maier Brewing Company, Inc., petitioner, v. Frank L. Simons.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of
Appeals for the Ninth Circuit denied.
No. 532. Max Greenhut, Trustee in Bankruptcy of Morris Weiss,
petitioner, v. The National Commercial Title and Mortgage Guar-
anty Company. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Circuit Court of Appeals for the Third Circuit denied.
No. 533. Max Greenhut, Trustee in Bankruptcy of Morris Weiss,
petitioner, v. Associated Company. Petition for writ of certiorari
to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Third Circuit
denied.
No. 536. Arthur W. Altvater, and Western Supplies Company,
petitioners, v. Benjamin W. Freeman and The Louis G. Freeman
Company. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Circuit Court of Appeals for the Eighth Circuit denied.

MONDAY, NOVEMBER 20, 1933
88
No. 537. Edgar D. Rosenberg, Helen Rosenberg Kahn, et al., peti-
tioners, v. John V. Lewis, Collector of Internal Revenue for the
First District of California. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit denied.
No. 540. Curtiss-Wright Flying Service, Inc., petitioner, v. Kath-
leen I. Glose, Widow of C. William Glose, deceased. Petition for
writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for
the Third Circuit denied.
No. 543. The Delaware and Hudson Company et al., petitioners,
v. Glens Falls Portland Cement Company. Petition for writ of
certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the
Second Circuit denied.
No. 257. E. H. Ferree Company and Reece Shoe Machinery Com-
pany, petitioners, v. United Shoe Machinery Corporation. On writ
of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the
Second Circuit. Dismissed per stipulation of counsel.
Adjourned until Monday, December 4, at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Monday, December 4, will be as follows: Nos.
531, 434, 133, 124, 126, 128, 400, 129, 145, and 225.
Х

MONDAY, DECEMBER 4, 1933
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
89
Present: The Chief Justice, Mr. Justice Van Devanter, Mr. Justice
McReynolds, Mr. Justice Brandeis, Mr. Justice Sutherland, Mr. Jus-
tice Butler, Mr. Justice Stone, Mr. Justice Roberts, and Mr. Justice
Cardozo.
Carlton S. Dargusch, of Columbus, Ohio; John D. Jenswold, of
Duluth, Minn.; W. D. Jackson, of Little Rock, Ark.; Arthur Gold-
blatt, of Chicago, Ill.; M. E. Clinton, of Dallas, Tex.; Richard A.
Werneke, of Terre Haute, Ind.; Jacob E. Yaffe, of Chicago, Ill.;
Hosea V. Ferrell, of Marion, Ill.; Chas. G. Williams, of Columbus,
Ohio; John Allen Hay, of Marion, Ill.; Robert Peacock, of Mount
Holly, N.J.; Samuel D. Weissbuch, of Miami, Fla.; Isadore Topper,
of Columbus, Ohio; Reese McCloskey, of Durango, Colo.; Orlin A.
Weede, of Kansas City, Mo.; Geo. S. McCarthy, of Amarillo, Tex.;
and Arthur E. Sutherland, Jr., of Rochester, N.Y., were admitted to
practice.
No. 80. Louis H. May, Indemnity Insurance Company of North
America, and Royal Indemnity Company, petitioners, v. Hamburg-
Amerikanische Packetfahrt Aktien-Gesellschaft. On writ of cer-
tiorari to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Second
Circuit. Decree reversed with costs, and cause remanded to the
District Court of the United States for the Southern District of
New York for further proceedings in conformity with the opinion
of this Court. Opinion by Mr. Justice Cardozo. Dissenting: Mr.
Justice McReynolds and Mr. Justice Butler.
No. 79. J. T. Trotter, Guardian of Joseph A. Leake, petitioner, v.
State of Tennessee in its own behalf and for the use and benefit of
Blounty County, Tennessee. On writ of certiorari to the Supreme
Court of the State of Tennessee. Judgment affirmed with costs.
Opinion by Mr. Justice Cardozo,
No. 71. Sarah Elizabeth Stringfellow, a Widow, petitioner, v.
Atlantic Coast Line Railroad Company; and
No. 95. Atlantic Coast Line Railroad Company, petitioner, v.
Sarah Elizabeth Stringfellow, a Widow, and as Administratrix,
On writs of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of
Appeals for the Fifth Circuit. Judgments reversed and the cases
remanded to the Circuit Court of Appeals with instructions to de-
termine whether the evidence justified the direction of verdicts on
the ground that the deceased husband's negligence was the sole
13563-33--29

MONDAY, DECEMBER 4, 1933
90
proximate cause of the collision, or required a submission of that
question, and the question of concurrent negligence to the jury; and
to enter judgments accordingly. Opinion by Mr. Justice Roberts.
No. 117. Hunter A. Gibbes, representing himself and all other de-
positors of the Central Union Bank of South Carolina, etc., appel-
lant, v. Simpson J. Zimmerman, Individually and as Conservator of
the Central Union Bank of South Carolina, et al. Appeal from the
Supreme Court of the State of South Carolina. Judgment affirmed
with costs. Opinion by Mr. Justice Roberts.
No. 112. Federal Land Bank of Columbia, S.C., petitioner, v. Mrs.
Will Gaines. On writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of the
State of North Carolina. Judgment reversed with costs, and cause
remanded to the said Supreme Court for further proceedings not
inconsistent with the opinion of this Court. Opinion by Mr. Justice
Stone.
No. 56. Alaska Steamship Company, petitioner, v. The United
States of America. On writ of certiorari to the United States Cir-
cuit Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit. Judgment reversed,
and cause remanded to the District Court of the United States for
the Western District of Washington for further proceedings in con-
formity with the opinion of this Court. Opinion by Mr. Justice
Stone.
No. 11. Central Kentucky Natural Gas Company, appellant, v.
Railroad Commission of Kentucky, Moses R. Glenn, Oscar Vest, and
James Hatcher, Members Constituting said Railroad Commission,
et al. Appeal from the District Court of the United States for the
Eastern District of Kentucky. Decree reversed with costs, and cause
remanded to the said District Court with instructions to enter a
decree in conformity with the opinion of this Court. Opinion by
Mr. Justice Stone. Mr. Justice Sutherland took no part in the con-
sideration or decision of this case.
No. 2. John Factor, petitioner, v. H. C. W. Laubenheimer, United
States Marshal, and Godfrey Haggard, his Britannic Majesty's Con-
sul General. On writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit
Court of Appeals for the Seventh Circuit. Judgment affirmed with
costs, and cause remanded to the District Court of the United States
for the Northern District of Illinois. Opinion by Mr. Justice Stone.
Dissenting opinion by Mr. Justice Butler in which Mr. Justice
Brandeis and Mr. Justice Roberts join.
No. 12, original. State of New Jersey, plaintiff, v. The City of
New York. Decree announced by Mr. Justice Butler.
No. 34. Keystone Driller Company, petitioner, v. General Exca-
vator Company;

1
MONDAY, DECEMBER 4, 1933
91
No. 35. Keystone Driller Company, petitioner, v. General Exca-
vator Company;
No. 36. Keystone Driller Company, petitioner, v. The Osgood
Company; and
No. 37. Keystone Driller Company, petitioner, v. The Osgood
Company. On writs of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court
of Appeals for the Sixth Circuit. Decrees affirmed with costs, and
cases remanded to the District Court of the United States for the
Northern District of Ohio. Opinion by Mr. Justice Butler.
No. 51, William Miller, Administrator of the Estates of Marcus
Andlauer and Ellanore Andlauer, petitioner, v. Union Pacific Rail-
road Company. On writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit
Court of Appeals for the Eighth Circuit. Judgment reversed with
costs, and cause remanded to the District Court of the United States
for the Western District of Missouri for further proceedings in
conformity with the opinion of this Court. Opinion by Mr. Justice
Sutherland.
No. 14. W. A. Yarborough, petitioner, v. Sadie Yarborough, by
her guardian ad litem, R. D. Blowers. On writ of certiorari to the
Supreme Court of the State of South Carolina. Judgment reversed
with costs, and cause remanded to the said Supreme Court for further
proceedings not inconsistent with the opinion of this Court. Opinion
by Mr. Justice Brandeis. Dissenting opinion by Mr. Justice Stone
in which Mr. Justice Cardozo concurs.
No. 26. Southern Railway Company, appellant, v. Commonwealth
of Virginia at the relation of H. G. Shirley, State Highway Com-
missioner of Virginia. Appeal from the Supreme Court of Appeals
of the State of Virginia. Judgment reversed with costs, and cause
remanded to the said Supreme Court of Appeals for further pro-
ceedings not inconsistent with the opinion of this Court. Opinion
by Mr. Justice McReynolds. Dissenting: The Chief Justice, Mr.
Justice Stone, and Mr. Justice Cardozo.
No. 16. Missouri State Life Insurance Company and Hartford
Accident & Indemnity Company, petitioners, v. Jester Jones, Admin-
istrator of the Estate of Marion Johnson, deceased. On writ of
certiorari to the Supreme Court of the State of Arkansas. Judg-
ment reversed with costs, and cause remanded to the said Supreme
Court for further proceedings not inconsistent with the opinion of
this Court. Opinion by Mr. Justice McReynolds.
No. 10. Charles P. Bullard et al., petitioners, v. City of Cisco,
Texas. On writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of
Appeals for the Fifth Circuit. Judgments of the District Court of
the United States for the Northern District of Texas and of the
Circuit Court of Appeals reversed with costs, and cause remanded to

MONDAY, DECEMBER 4, 1933
92
the said District Court for further proceedings in conformity with
the opinion of this Court. Opinion by Mr. Justice Van Devanter.
No. 22. Johnson Oil Refining Company, appellant, v. The State
of Oklahoma ex rel. C. E. Mitchell, County Attorney of Pawnee
County, Oklahoma, et al.;
No. 23. Johnson Oil Refining Company, appellant, v. The State
of Oklahoma ex rel. C. E. Mitchell, County Attorney of Pawnee
County, Oklahoma, et al.; and
No. 24. Johnson Oil Refining Company, appellant, v. The State
of Oklahoma ex rel. C. E. Mitchell, County Attorney of Pawnee
County, Oklahoma, et al. Appeals from the Supreme Court of the
State of Oklahoma. Judgments reversed with costs, and cases re-
manded to the said Supreme Court for further proceedings not
inconsistent with the opinion of this Court. Opinion by Mr. Chief
Justice Hughes.
No. 72. Raymond J. Funkhouser and Elmer N. Funkhouser, doing
business under the firm name and style of R. J. Funkhouser & Com-
pany, appellants, v. J. B. Preston Company, Inc. Appeal from the
Supreme Court of the State of New York. Judgment affirmed with
costs. Opinion by Mr. Chief Justice Hughes.
No. 94. M. D. Hicklin, Individually, etc., and Blalock Motor Ex-
press, Inc., appellants, v. J. C. Coney, Earle R. Ellerbe, Sam C.
Blease, et al., etc. Appeal from the Supreme Court of the State of
South Carolina. Judgment affirmed with costs. Opinion by Mr.
Chief Justice Hughes.
No. 541. Seldon Glenn, Pat Sullivan, and John B. Lewis, Indi-
vidually and as Commissioners Constituting the State Tax Commis-
sion of Kentucky, and the State Tax Commission, appellants, v. Field
Packing Company. Appeal from the District Court of the United
States for the Western District of Kentucky. Decree modified as
stated in the opinion, and as so modified affirmed with costs. Per
curiam opinion announced by Mr. Chief Justice Hughes.
The Chief Justice announced the following orders of the Court:
No. 103. Norumbega Company, appellant, v. John J. Bennett, Jr.,
as an Individual and as Attorney General of the State of New York,
et al. Appeal from the District Court of the United States for the
Eastern District of New York. Per curiam: The decree of the
District Court herein is reversed, and the cause is remanded to the
District Court, as specially constituted, with directions to dismiss
the bill of complaint for the want of jurisdiction, upon the ground
that the allegations of the bill do not set forth a substantial Federal
question. Newburyport Water Co. v. Newburyport, 193 U.S. 561,

MONDAY, DECEMBER 4, 1933
576, 579; Levering & Guarrigues Co. v. Morrin, 289 U.S. 103,
Ex parte: Poresky, 290 U.S. -, decided November 6, 1933.
93
105;
No. 566. Danciger Oil & Refining Company of Texas and Petro-
leum Refractionating Corporation, appellants, v. Lon A. Smith et al.
Appeal from the District Court of the United States for the Northern
District of Texas. Per curiam: The motion of the appellant for
leave to file statement as to jurisdiction is granted. On considera-
tion of a stipulation of the parties that this cause has become moot
and of a motion by the appellant to reverse the decree of the Dis-
trict Court and to remand the cause to that Court with directions
to dismiss the bill as moot, it is ordered that the said motion be,
and it is hereby, granted, and that the decree of the specially con-
stituted District Court rendered in this case is reversed, and the
cause is remanded to that Court with directions to dismiss the bill
of complaint upon the ground that the cause is moot. Brownlow v.
Schwartz, 261 U.S. 216; Alejandrino v. Quezon, 271 U.S. 528, 535,
536; U.S. ex rel. Norwegian Nitrogen Products Co. v. Tariff Com-
mission, 274 U.S. 106, 112; Railroad Commission of Texas v. Mac-
Millan, 287 U.S. 576; Coyne v. Prouty, 289 U.S. 704; First Union
Trust & Savings Bank v. Consumers Co., 290 U.S. —. All costs
in this Court and in the court below are to be taxed against the
appellant as stipulated.
No. 574. KFAB Broadcasting Company, appellant, v. C. A.
Sorensen. Appeal from the Supreme Court of the State of Ne-
braska. Per curiam: The appeal herein is dismissed for the reason
that the judgment of the State court sought here to be reviewed was
based upon a non-Federal ground adequate to support it. Cleveland
v. Chamberlain, 1 Black 419, 425, 426; East Tennessee, etc., Railroad
Company v. Southern Telegraph Co., 125 U.S. 695; Mills v. Green,
159 U.S. 651, 654; Love v. Griffith, 266 U.S. 32; Live Oak Water
Users Association v. Railroad Commission, 269 U.S. 354, 359; Gerard
Trust Co. v. Ocean & Lake Realty Co., 286 U.S. 523; Wagner v.
Leenhouts, 287 U.S. 571; Real Estate Land Title & Trust Co. v.
Springfield, 287 U.S. 577.
No. 3, original. The State of Nevada, complainant, v. The Crown
Willamette Paper Company. Pursuant to a stipulation filed in this
Court by the parties to the above-entitled cause on November 22,
1933,
It is ordered that the bill of complaint herein be, and it is hereby,
dismissed. This order is made subject to the agreement of the par-
ties as set forth in the stipulation aforesaid, which, it is agreed, shall
not operate as a retraxit; and this order is without prejudice to the
right of the complainant, The State of Nevada, to renew this litiga-
tion in such form as it shall deem proper if it shall determine that

MONDAY, DECEMBER 4, 1933
94
the provisions of the said stipulation, or of any prior stipulation re-
cited and confirmed therein, has been or are being violated by the
defendant.
The Chief Justice said:
"The other orders of the Court appear upon the list certified to
by the Chief Justice and filed with the Clerk and will not be an-
nounced orally."
No. 12, original. The State of New Jersey, complainant, v. The
City of New York. An order is entered fixing the amount of com-
pensation and allowing the expenses of the Special Master herein.
No. 589. A. Magnano Company, appellant, v. G. W. Hamilton as
Attorney General, etc. In this case probable jurisdiction is noted.
No. 597. Robert J. McKnett, petitioner, v. St. Louis & San Fran-
cisco Railway Company. The motion for leave to proceed further
herein in forma pauperis is granted. The petition for writ of cer-
tiorari to the Supreme Court of the State of Alabama is also granted.
No. 358. L. J. Bosworth, Receiver of the McCartney National
Bank of Green Bay, Wisconsin, petitioner, v. Continental Illinois
Bank and Trust Company. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Seventh Circuit
granted.
No. 547. New Colonial Ice Company, Inc., petitioner, v. Guy T.
Helvering, Commissioner of Internal Revenue. Petition for writ
of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the
Second Circuit granted.
No. 565. Ruth Loughran, petitioner, v. John Loughran et al.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals of the Dis-
trict of Columbia granted.
No. 544. Z. & F. Assets Realization Corporation et al., petitioners,
v. Richard W. Doerschuck et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to
the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit
denied. The Chief Justice took no part in the consideration or
decision of this application.
No. 438. American Indemnity Company et al., petitioners, v. Hale
County, Texas, et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United
States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 534. Southern Pacific Company, petitioner, v. George Miller.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of the State of
Utah denied.
No. 538. Southern Pacific Railroad Company, petitioner, v.
Ambler Grain & Milling Company. Petition for writ of certiorari

MONDAY, DECEMBER 4, 1933
95
to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit
denied.
No. 539. Allen Gasoline Company, petitioner, v. The Franklin
Fire Insurance Company of Philadelphia. Petition for writ of cer-
tiorari to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Ninth
Circuit denied.
No. 545. Charles A. Buckley, as Chamberlain of the City of New
York, etc., petitioner, v. Commissioner of Internal Revenue. Peti-
|tion for writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of
Appeals for the Second Circuit denied.
No. 549. The Employers' Liability Assurance Corporation, Ltd.,
of London, England, Garnishee, et al., petitioners, v. Sarah Wadie
Bodron. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit
Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 556. William B. Taylor and Curtis Kirk Taylor, doing busi-
ness under the name of Taylor Bros., et al., etc., petitioners, v. De-
troit Motor Appliance Company. Petition for writ of certiorari to
the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Seventh Circuit
denied.
No. 557. S. Mayner Wallace, petitioner, v. Ehrhardt W. Franz.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of
Appeals for the Eighth Circuit denied.
No. 554. Thomas A. O'Donnell, petitioner, v. Commissioner of
Internal Revenue. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United
States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit denied.
No. 558. American Cigar Company, petitioner, v. Commissioner
of Internal Revenue. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United
States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit denied.
No. 559. St. Joseph Loan & Trust Co., Individually, etc., v. The
Studebaker Corporation. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Seventh Circuit
denied.
No. 567. The Goodyear Tire & Rubber Company, Inc., petitioner,
v. Jamaica Truck Tire Service, Inc., et al.; and
No. 568. Sears, Roebuck and Company, petitioners, v. Jamaica
Truck Tire Service, Inc., et al. Petition for writs of certiorari to
the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Seventh Circuit
denied.
No. 181. Grace Torrance Clark, Administratrix, etc., et al., peti-
tioners, v. Helen Moffett et al. Motion for leave to file petition for
rehearing submitted by Mr. Martin J. O'Donnell for the petitioner

MONDAY, DECEMBER 4, 1933
96
in support of the motion, and by Mr. Orlin A. Weede for the respond-
ent in opposition thereto.
No. 443. Fiorentino Yengo, petitioner, v. The United States of
America. Motion for leave to file petition for rehearing submitted
by Mr. Irving K. Baxter for the petitioner.
No., original. Ex Parte: Western Loan & Securities Company,
petitioner. Motion for leave to file petition for writ of mandamus
submitted by Mr. Geo. S. McCarthy for the petitioner.
No., original. Ex Parte: Ed. R. Mayer, petitioner. Motion for
I leave to file petition for writ of mandamus submitted by Mr. Geo. S.
McCarthy for the petitioner.
No. 417. George L. Squier Manufacturing Company, petitioner, v.
Manuel V. Domenech, Treasurer. On petition for writ of certiorari
to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the First Circuit.
Dismissed on motion of counsel for the petitioner.
No. 524. Peter Malavazos, John Malavazos, et al., petitioners, v.
Irving Trust Company, Trustee in Bankruptcy of Metropolitan
Chain Stores, Inc. On writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit
Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit. Dismissed on motion of
counsel for the petitioner.
No. 594. Lucas T. Harter, Receiver, etc., petitioner, v. Warrack
Wallace, Trustee, et al.; and
No. 595. Lucas T. Harter, Receiver, etc., petitioner, v. Warrack
Wallace, Trustee, et al. Motion to proceed on typewritten record
submitted by Mr. Elmer T. Bell for the petitioner.
No. 535. Grace Lewis Connell et al., petitioners, v. Eva S. Walker.
Submitted on briefs pursuant to Rule 25.
No. 531. Leo Nebbia, appellant, v. The People of the State of
New York. Argument commenced by Mr. Arthur E. Sutherland,
Jr., for the appellant.
Adjourned until tomorrow at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Tuesday, December 5, will be as follows: Nos.
531, 434, 133, 124, 126, 128, 400, 129, 145, and 225.
✓

TUESDAY, DECEMBER 5, 1933
97
97
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: The Chief Justice, Mr. Justice Van Devanter, Mr. Justice
McReynolds, Mr. Justice Brandeis, Mr. Justice Sutherland, Mr. Jus-
tice Butler, Mr. Justice Stone, Mr. Justice Roberts, and Mr. Justice
Cardozo.
Allan E. Smith, of Washington, D.C.; John D. Murphy, of Wash-
ington, D.C.; Sam Costen, of Memphis, Tenn.; Henry F. Driemeyer,
of East Saint Louis, Ill.; Henry Jerome Gorin, of Seattle, Wash.;
Joseph F. Mann, of New York City; J. C. Floyd, of Meridian, Miss.;
Frank W. Kuehl, of Madison, Wis.; Thomas E. Sandidge, of Owens-
boro, Ky.; and DeWitt C. Chastain, of Butler, Mo., were admitted
to practice.
No. , original. Ex Parte: L. W. Baldwin and Guy A. Thomp-
son, Trustees, et al., petitioners. Motion for leave to file petition for
writ of mandamus submitted by Mr. Robert H. Kelley for the
petitioner.
No. 531. Leo Nebbia, appellant, v. The People of the State of New
York. Argued by Mr. Arthur E. Sutherland, Jr., for the appellant,
and by Mr. Henry S. Manley for the appellee.
No. 434. Ada L. Burroughs and James Cannon, Jr., petitioners, v.
The United States of America. Argued by Mr. Robert H. McNeill
for the petitioners, and by Mr. Solicitor General Biggs for the
respondent.
No. 133. R. H. Stearns Company, petitioner, v. The United States.
Argument commenced by Mr. Howe P. Cochran for the petitioner.
Adjourned until tomorrow at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Wednesday, December 6th, will be as follows:
Nos. 133, 124, 126, 128, 400, 129, 145, 225, 227 (228 and
229), and 153.
13563-33--30
✓

WEDNESDAY, DECEMBER 6, 1933
98
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: The Chief Justice, Mr. Justice Van Devanter, Mr. Justice
McReynolds, Mr. Justice Brandeis, Mr. Justice Sutherland, Mr. Jus-
tice Butler, Mr. Justice Stone, Mr. Justice Roberts, and Mr. Justice
Cardozo.
Albion W. Knight, of Jacksonville, Fla.; Daniel Stubbs, of Lin-
coln, Nebr.; Howard O. Rogers, of Pittsburgh, Pa.; Sidney J. H.
White, of Detroit, Mich.; Isadore Jack Politz, of Washington, D.C.;
W. W. Pierce, of Jackson, Miss.; George Coffing Warner, Jr., of
Washington, D.C.; Herbert A. Kuvin, of Newark, N.J.; and Horace
H. Powers, of St. Albans, Vt., were admitted to practice.
No. 124, Missouri Pacific Railroad Company, Appellant, v. Hal
Norwood, Attorney General of the State of Arkansas, et al. Harrell
Harper, Prosecuting Attorney of the Twelfth Judicial District of
Arkansas, and Alvin Stevens, Prosecuting Attorney for the Thir-
teenth Judicial District of Arkansas, substituted as parties appellee
in place of Chester Holland and W. D. McKay, respectively, on
motion of Mr. John C. Grover in that behalf.
No. 133. R. H. Stearns Company, petitioner, v. The United States.
Argument commenced by Mr. Howe P. Cochran for the petitioner ;
continued by Mr. Erwin P. Griswold for the respondent; and con-
cluded by Mr. James S. Y. Ivins for the petitioner.
No. 124. Missouri Pacific Railroad Company, appellant, v. Hal
Norwood, Attorney General of the State of Arkansas, et al. Argued
by Mr. Edward J. White for the appellant, and by Mr. Frank L.
Mulholland for the appellees.
No. 126. Pigeon River Improvement, Slide & Boom Company,
appellant, v. Charles W. Cox, Ltd. Argument commenced by Mr.
John D. Jenswold for the appellant.
Adjourned until tomorrow at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Thursday, December 7, will be as follows: Nos.
126, 128, 400, 129, 145, 225, 227 (228 and 229), 203, 153,
and 158.
13563-33- -31
☑

THURSDAY, DECEMBER 7, 1933
99
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: The Chief Justice, Mr. Justice Van Devanter, Mr. Justice
McReynolds, Mr. Justice Brandeis, Mr. Justice Sutherland, Mr.
Justice Butler, Mr. Justice Stone, Mr. Justice Roberts, and Mr.
Justice Cardozo.
Beauford H. Jester, of Corsicana, Tex., and Barry Gilbert, of
Chicago, Ill., were admitted to practice.
No. 126. Pigeon River Improvement, Slide & Boom Company,
appellant, v. Charles W. Cox, Ltd. Argument continued by Mr.
Edward L. Boyle for the appellee, and concluded by Mr. John D.
Jenswold for the appellant.
No. 128. The Texas & Pacific Railway Company, petitioner, v.
S. O. Pottorff, Receiver, etc. Argument commenced by Mr. M. E.
Clinton for the petitioner, continued by Mr. Henry S. Hackney and
Mr. Thornton Hardie for the respondent, and concluded by Mr.
M. E. Clinton for the petitioner.
No. 400. City of Marion, Illinois, et al., petitioners, v. Ben
Sneeden, as Receiver, etc. Argument commenced by Mr. Richard
Mayer for the petitioners, and continued by Mr. William Catron
Rigby for the petitioner, and by Mr. H. V. Ferrell for the respondent.
Adjourned until tomorrow at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Friday, December 8, will be as follows: Nos. 400,
203, 129, 145, 225, 227 (228 and 229), 168, 153, 158, and 212.
13563-33-32
✓

FRIDAY, DECEMBER 8, 1933
100
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: The Chief Justice, Mr. Justice McReynolds, Mr. Justice
Brandeis, Mr. Justice Sutherland, Mr. Justice Butler, Mr. Justice
Stone, Mr. Justice Roberts, and Mr. Justice Cardozo.
George I. Puhak, of Hazleton, Pa., and James S. Howie, of Los
Angeles, Calif., were admitted to practice.
No. 400. City of Marion et al., petitioners, v. Ben Sneeden, as
Receiver, etc. Argument continued by Mr. H. V. Ferrell and by
Mr. John Hay for the respondent, and concluded by Mr. Henry F.
Driemeyer for the petitioners.
No. 203. P. F. Peterson Baking Company et al., appellants, v.
Charles W. Bryan, as Governor, etc., et al. Argument commenced
by Mr. Harold D. Le Mar for the appellants, continued by Mr. Paul
F. Good for the appellees, and concluded by Mr. John C. Grover for
the appellants.
No. 129. John Freuler, Administrator, etc., petitioner, v. Guy T.
Helvering, Commissioner of Internal Revenue. Argued by Mr.
Claude R. Branch and Mr. Felix T. Smith for the petitioner, and by
Mr. Erwin N. Griswold for the respondent.
No. 145. Louise A. Whitcomb, petitioner, v. Guy T. Helvering,
Commissioner of Internal Revenue. Submitted by Mr. Claude R.
Branch, Mr. W. W. Spalding, Mr. Robert A. Littleton, and Mr.
Felix T. Smith for the petitioner, and by Mr. Solicitor General
Biggs, Mr. Erwin N. Griswold, Mr. Sewall Key, and Mr. John
MacC. Hudson for the respondent.
Adjourned until Monday next at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Monday, December 11, will be as follows: Nos.
225, 227 (228 and 229), 168, 166, 338, 487, 153, 158, 212, and
187.
13563-33-33
✓

MONDAY, DECEMBER 11, 1933
101
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: The Chief Justice, Mr. Justice McReynolds, Mr. Justice
Brandeis, Mr. Justice Sutherland, Mr. Justice Butler, Mr. Justice
Stone, Mr. Justice Roberts, and Mr. Justice Cardozo.
Emil Hersh, of Milwaukee, Wis.; Charles Gibbs, of San Angelo,
Tex.; Harris O. Williams, of San Angelo, Tex.; George E. Flood, of
Seattle, Wash.; and John A. Farber, of Omaha, Nebr., were admitted
to practice.
No. 88. The United States of America, petitioner, v. Harry Mur-
dock. On writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of
Appeals for the Seventh Circuit. Judgment affirmed, and cause
remanded to the District Court of the United States for the Southern
District of Illinois. Opinion by Mr. Justice Roberts. Dissenting:
Mr. Justice Stone and Mr. Justice Cardozo.
No. 101. Laura Ormsby and B. Rush Field, Executors of the
Estate of Frank G. Ormsby, Deceased, petitioners, v. Louise Chase,
by Jesse Blythe, Prochein Ami, and Louise Chase, in her own right.
On writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals
for the Third Circuit. Judgment reversed with costs, and cause
remanded to the District Court of the United States for the Eastern
District of Pennsylvania for further proceedings in conformity with
the opinion of this Court. Opinion by Mr. Justice Butler. Mr. Jus-
tice Roberts took no part in the consideration or decision of this case.
No. 394. John S. Funk, petitioner, v. The United States of Amer-
ica. On writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of
Appeals for the Fourth Circuit. Judgment reversed and cause re-
manded to the District Court of the United States for the Middle
District of North Carolina for further proceedings in conformity
with the opinion of this Court. Opinion by Mr. Justice Sutherland.
Mr. Justice Cardozo concurs in the result. Mr. Justice McReynolds
and Mr. Justice Butler are of opinion that the judgment of the court
below is right and should be affirmed.
No. 75. Guy T. Helvering, Commissioner of Internal Revenue,
petitioner, v. Julia Butterworth, Henry W. Butterworth, and Girard
Trust Company, Trustees under the will of William B. Butterworth,
deceased;
No. 76. Guy T. Helvering, Commissioner of Internal Revenue,
petitioner, v. Fidelity-Philadelphia Trust Company, Trustee under
the will of William L. DuBois, deceased;
13563-33-
-34

MONDAY, DECEMBER 11, 1933
102
No. 77. Guy T. Helvering, Commissioner of Internal Revenue,
petitioner, v. Frank Pardee, Ario Pardee, and Girard Trust Com-
pany, Trustees under the will of Calvin Pardee. On writs of cer-
tiorari to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Third
Circuit and
No. 78. Guy T. Helvering, Commissioner of Internal Revenue,
petitioner, v. Title Guarantee Loan & Trust Company, as Trustee of
the Estate of J. H. Woodward. On writ of certiorari to the United
States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit. Judgments
in Nos. 75, 76, and 78 affirmed, and judgment in No. 77 reversed
and the case remanded to the Circuit Court of Appeals for the Third
Circuit for further proceedings in conformity with the opinion of
this Court. Opinion by Mr. Justice McReynolds. Dissenting
opinion in No. 77 by Mr. Chief Justice Hughes.
No. 162. The United States of America, appellant, v. Gregorio
Chavez and Jose Maria Chavez. Appeal from the District Court of
the United States for the District of New Mexico. Judgment re-
versed, and cause remanded to the District Court of the United
States for the District of New Mexico for further proceedings in
conformity with the opinion of this Court. Opinion by Mr. Justice
Van Devanter, announced by The Chief Justice.
The Chief Justice announced the following orders of the Court:
No. 124. Missouri Pacific Railroad Company, appellant, v. Hal
Norwood, Attorney General of the State of Arkansas, et al. Appeal
from the District Court of the United States for the Western Dis-
trict of Arkansas. Per curiam: The Court sees no reason to disagree
with the determinations of fact reached by the District Court. The
decree is affirmed.
No. 598. Isaac J. Rosenberg, appellant, v. The State of Wiscon-
sin. Appeal from the Municipal Court of Milwaukee County, State
of Wisconsin. Per curiam: The motion to dismiss the appeal herein
is granted, and the appeal is dismissed for the want of a substantial
Federal question. (1) Meuller v. Illinois, 289 U.S. 711; Leach v.
California, 287 U.S. 579. 580; Lavine v. California, 286 U.S. 528;
Sproles v. Binford, 286 U.S. 374, 393; Bandini v. Superior Court,
284 U.S. 8, 18: Hygrade Provision Co. v. Sherman, 266 U.S. 497,
501-503. (2) Durland v. United States, 161 U.S. 306, 315; Husty v.
United States, 282 U.S. 694, 702. (3) Portland Ry. Co. v. Oregon
Railroad Commission, 229 U.S. 397, 411, 412; Pure Oil Co. v. Minne-
sota, 248 U.S. 158, 164: Aetna Life Ins. Co. v. Dunken, 266 U.S.
389, 394.

MONDAY, DECEMBER 11, 1933
103
No. 600. People of the State of New York on relation of Northern
Finance Corporation, appellant, v. Thomas M. Lynch, John J. Mer-
rill, and Mark Graves, as Tax Commissioners of the State of New
York; and
No. 601. People of the State of New York on relation of Northern
Finance Corporation, appellant, v. Thomas M. Lynch, John J. Mer-
rill, and Mark Graves, as Tax Commissioners of the State of New
York. Appeals from the Supreme Court, County of Albany, State
of New York. Per curiam: The motion to dismiss the appeals here-
in is denied. The motion to affirm is granted, and the judgments are
affirmed. Pacific Co., Ltd., v. Johnson, 285 U.S. 480, 490.
The Chief Justice said:
"The other orders of the Court appear upon the list certified to
by the Chief Justice and filed with the Clerk and will not be
announced orally."
No., original. Ex parte: L. W. Baldwin and Guy A. Thompson,
Trustees, et al., petitioners. The motion for leave to file petition for
writ of mandamus herein is granted and a rule to show cause is
ordered to issue returnable on Monday, January 8 next.
No., original. Ex parte: Western Loan & Securities Company,
petitioner; and
No., original. Ex parte: Ed. R. Mayer, petitioner. Motions for
leave to file petitions for writs of mandamus in these causes are
denied. Ex parte: United States, 287 U.S. 241, 248.
No. 594. Lucas T. Harter, Receiver, etc., petitioner, v. Warrack
Wallace, Trustee, etc., and
No. 595. Lucas T. Harter, Receiver, etc., petitioner, v. Warrack
Wallace, Trustee, etc. Motion for leave to proceed on typewritten
record granted.
No. 181. Grace Torrance Clark, Administratrix, etc., et al., peti-
tioners, v. Helen Moffett et al. Motion for leave to file petition for
rehearing denied.
No. 551. Wald Transfer & Storage Company, appellant, v. Lon
A. Smith et al.; and
No. 552. D. A. Beard, appellant, v. Lon A. Smith et al. Upon
consideration of the petitions for rehearing, the decrees entered
herein by this Court on November 13, 1933, are amended so as to
provide that the decrees entered in these causes by the District Court,
as specially constituted, be modified by providing that the appellants
may apply at any time to the District Court, by bill or otherwise, as
they may be advised, for a further order or decree, in case it shall
appear that the state court shall have construed the applicable state
statute as not authorizing the state commission to enter the orders
challenged in this proceeding (Glenn v. Field Packing Co., 290

MONDAY, DECEMBER 11, 1933
104
U.S., decided December 4, 1933). As so modified, the decrees of
the District Court are affirmed. Bradley v. Public Utility Commis-
sion, 289 U.S. 92, 95-98. The petitions for rehearing are denied.
No. 363. The Arrow-Hart & Hegeman Electric Company, peti-
tioner, v. Federal Trade Commission. Petition for writ of certiorari
to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit
granted.
No. 561. International Milling Company, petitioner, v. Columbia
Transportation Company. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
Supreme Court of the State of Minnesota granted.
No. 575. John L. Gilvary, petitioner, v. Cuyahoga Valley Rail-
way Company. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court
of the State of Ohio granted.
No. 578. Alice Aschenbrenner, petitioner, v. United States Fidel-
ity & Guaranty Company. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit
granted.
No. 580. Elias A. Olson, petitioner, v. The United States of
America;
No. 581. Randor G. Karlson, petitioner, v. The United States of
America; and
No. 582. Harry Brewster, petitioner, v. The United States of
America. Petitions for writs of certiorari to the United States Cir-
cuit Court of Appeals for the Eighth Circuit granted.
No. 396. Boston Safe Deposit and Trust Company et al., peti-
tioners, v. Guy T. Helvering, Commissioner of Internal Revenue.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of
Appeals for the First Circuit denied.
No. 553. Frank Giannini, petitioner, v. M. W. Brashears. Peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the District Court of Appeals, 4th Ap-
pellate District, State of California, denied.
No. 564. Ashby Turner, Trustee of Bastanchury Corporation,
Ltd., petitioner, v. John Deere Plow Company of Moline. Petition
for writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals
for the Ninth Circuit denied.
No. 570. Clarence W. Morris, petitioner, v. Harry L. Hussman
and Caroline Hussman. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United
States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit denied.
No. 572. Bisbee Linseed Company, petitioner, v. Paragon Paint &
Varnish Corporation. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United
States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit denied.
No. 573. The Missouri Pacific Railroad Company, petitioner, v.
G. M. Alcorn. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court
of the State of Missouri denied.

MONDAY, DECEMBER 11, 1933
105
No. 577. Ralph L. Peck, petitioner, v. The United States of Amer-
ica. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit
Court of Appeals for the Seventh Circuit denied.
No. 583. Ida K. Hoefer, petitioner, v. Atlantic Life Insurance
Company. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Cir-
cuit Court of Appeals for the Fourth Circuit denied.
No. 592. The Atchison & Eastern Bridge Company, petitioner, v.
Charles F. Clark. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme
Court of the State of Missouri denied.
The Chief Justice also announced the following order:
ORDER
The Court will take a recess from Monday, December 18, to Mon-
day, January 8 next.
No. 2, original. The State of Vermont, complainant, v. The State
of New Hampshire. Stipulation of the parties designating parts of
boundary to be marked presented.
No. 225. Guy T. Helvering, Commissioner of Internal Revenue.
petitioner, v. Otto H. Falk et al., Executors, etc. Argued by Mr.
Erwin N. Griswold for the petitioner, and by Mr. Charles F. Faw-
sett for the respondents.
No. 227. Marshall S. Reynolds, Individually, etc., petitioner, v.
Richard F. Cooper;
No. 228. Marshall S. Reynolds, Individually, etc., petitioner, v.
Barbara V. Cooper; and
No. 229. Marshall S. Reynolds, Individually, etc., petitioner, v.
Richard F. Cooper et al. Argued by Mr. Erwin N. Griswold for
the petitioner, and by Mr. N. E. Corthell for the respondents.
No. 168. J. M. Jannett and J. A. Skipper, appellants, v. Dan
Hardie, as Sheriff, etc. Argument commenced by Mr. John M.
Murrell for the appellants. The Court declined to hear further
argument.
No. 166. Federal Compress & Warehouse Company et al., appel-
lants, v. E. R. McLean, Sheriff and Tax Collector, et al. Argument
commenced by Mr. Garner W. Green for the appellants.
Adjourned until tomorrow at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Tuesday, December 12, will be as follows: Nos.
166, 338, 487, 153, 158, 212, 187, 163, 200, and 240.
☑

TUESDAY, DECEMBER 12, 1933
106
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: The Chief Justice, Mr. Justice Van Devanter, Mr. Jus-
tice McReynolds, Mr. Justice Brandeis, Mr. Justice Sutherland, Mr.
Justice Butler, Mr. Justice Stone, Mr. Justice Roberts, and Mr.
Justice Cardozo.
William L. Curtis, of Fort Smith, Ark.; H. D. Moreland, of Clare-
mont, Okla.; Arthur B. Dunne, of San Francisco, Calif.; and Albert
C. Reed, of Washington, D.C., were admitted to practice.
No. 163. Northwestern Pacific Railroad Company, petitioner, v.
Josephine Bobo, as Administratrix, etc. Submitted by Mr. W. H.
Orrick for the petitioner, and by Mr. Robert B. Duke for the
respondent.
No. 166. Federal Compress & Warehouse Company et al., appel-
lants, v. E. R. McLean, Sheriff and Tax Collector, et al. Argument
continued by Mr. Garner W. Green for the appellants, and con-
cluded by Mr. W. W. Pierce for the appellees.
No. 338. Conrad Wolfle, petitioner, v. The United States of Amer-
ica. Argued by Mr. George E. Flood for the petitioner, and by
Mr. Assistant Solicitor General MacLean for the respondent.
No. 487. George Morrison and H. Doi, appellants, v. The People
of the State of California. Argument commenced by Mr. J. Marion
Wright for the appellants, and continued by Mr. James S. Howie
for the appellee.
Adjourned until tomorrow at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Wednesday, December 13 will be as follows:
Nos. 487, 153, 158 (and 212), 187, 200, 208, 240, 171, 329, and
196.
13563-33- -35

WEDNESDAY, DECEMBER 13, 1933
107
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: The Chief Justice, Mr. Justice Van Devanter, Mr. Justice
McReynolds, Mr. Justice Brandeis, Mr. Justice Sutherland, Mr.
Justice Butler, Mr. Justice Stone, Mr. Justice Roberts, and Mr.
Justice Cardozo.
Maurice E. Purnell, of Dallas, Tex., and David S. Day, of Bridge-
port, Conn., were admitted to practice.
No. 487. George Morrison and H. Doi, appellants, v. The People
of the State of California. Argument continued by Mr. James S.
Howie for the appellee, and concluded by Mr. J. Marion Wright for
the appellants.
No. 153. Alvin F. Fix, Collector of Internal Revenue, etc., peti-
tioner, v. Philadelphia Barge Company et al. Argued by Mr.
Solicitor General Biggs for the petitioner, and by Mr. Thomas P.
Mikell for the respondents.
No. 158. Guy T. Helvering, Commissioner of Internal Revenue,
petitioner, v. Charles J. Canfield; and
No. 212. William R. Thorsen, petitioner, v. Guy T. Helvering,
Commissioner of Internal Revenue. Argued by Mr. H. Brian Hol-
land for the petitioner in No. 158 and respondent in No. 212, and
by Mr. Edwin H. Cassels for the respondent in No. 158 and the
petitioner in No. 212.
No. 187. Arthur M. Brown, petitioner, v. Guy T. Helvering, Com-
missioner of Internal Revenue. Argument commenced by Mr.
Arthur B. Dunne for the petitioner.
Adjourned until tomorrow at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Thursday, December 14, will be as follows: Nos.
187, 200, 208, 240, 171, 329, 196, 178, 224, 274, and 293.
13563-33-36
☑
:

THURSDAY, DECEMBER 14, 1933
108
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: The Chief Justice, Mr. Justice Van Devanter, Mr. Jus-
tice McReynolds, Mr. Justice Brandeis, Mr. Justice Sutherland, Mr.
Justice Butler, Mr. Justice Stone, Mr. Justice Roberts, and Mr.
Justice Cardozo.
L. W. Powers, of Denison, Iowa; Stanley K. Henshaw, of Cin-
cinnati, Ohio; Wallace Haynes Walker, of Cambridge, Mass.; Wil-
liam A. Sherwin, of Los Angeles, Calif.; Samuel Biern, of Hunting-
ton, W.Va.; Albert E. James, of Washington, D.C.; Gordon A.
Block, of Philadelphia, Pa.; Hermon J. Wells, of New Haven,
Conn.; Carl McFarland, of Helena, Mont.; and Theodore Hale, of
San Francisco, Calif., were admitted to practice.
No. 187. Arthur M. Brown, petitioner, v. Guy T. Helvering, Com-
missioner of Internal Revenue. Argument continued by Mr. Arthur
B. Dunne for the petitioner and concluded by Mr. Solicitor General
Biggs for the respondent.
No. 200. Missouri Pacific Railroad Company, petitioner, v. Hartley
Brothers, a Co-partnership, etc. Argued by Mr. Wm. L. Curtis for
the petitioner and by Mr. H. D. Moreland for the respondent.
No. 208. Nannie May Williams, petitioner, v. The Union Central
Life Insurance Company. Argued by Mr. Harris O. Williams for
the petitioner and by Mr. Eugene P. Locke for the respondent.
No. 240. Federal Trade Commission, petitioner, v. Algoma Lum-
ber Company et al. Argument commenced by Mr. Assistant At-
torney General Stephens for the petitioner.
Adjourned until tomorrow at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Friday, December 15, will be as follows: Nos.
240, 171, 329, and 196.
☑
13563-33--37

FRIDAY, DECEMBER 15, 1933
109
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: The Chief Justice, Mr. Justice Van Devanter, Mr. Justice
Brandeis, Mr. Justice Sutherland, Mr. Justice Butler, Mr. Justice
Stone, Mr. Justice Roberts, and Mr. Justice Cardozo.
Harry Thomas Burn, of Sweetwater, Tenn.; Robert G. Gordon, of
Louisville, Ky.; Golden W. Bell, of San Francisco, Calif.; Ashley
Sellers, of Austin, Tex.; and J. Bernays Lowrey, of San Antonio,
Tex., were admitted to practice.
No. 659. The United States of America, appellant, v. Claude
Chambers and Byrum Gibson. Motion to advance submitted by Mr.
Solicitor General Biggs for the appellant.
No. 240. Federal Trade Commission, petitioner, v. Algoma Lum-
ber Company et al. Argument continued by Mr. Assistant Attorney
General Stephens for the petitioner; by Mr. Allan P. Matthew for
the respondent; and concluded by Mr. Assistant Attorney General
Stephens for the petitioner.
No. 171. The United States, petitioner, v. Jefferson Electric Man-
ufacturing Company. Argued by Mr. Assistant Attorney General
Wideman for the petitioner, and by Mr. Newton K. Fox for the
respondent.
No. 329. C. F. Routzahn, Collector of Internal Revenue, etc., peti-
tioner, v. Willard Storage Battery Company. Argument com-
menced by Mr. Assistant Attorney General Wideman for the
petitioner, and continued by Mr. Charles C. Norris, Jr., for the
respondent.
Adjourned until Monday next at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Monday, December 18, will be as follows: Nos.
329 and 196.
☑
13563-33-
-
-38

MONDAY, DECEMBER 18, 1933
110
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: The Chief Justice, Mr. Justice Van Devanter, Mr. Jus-
tice McReynolds, Mr. Justice Brandeis, Mr. Justice Sutherland, Mr.
Justice Butler, Mr. Justice Stone, Mr. Justice Roberts, and Mr. Jus-
tice Cardozo.
Robert H. Dunlap, of Los Angeles, Calif.; Harold A. Elliott, of
Phoenix, Ariz.; Leon Edelson, of Philadelphia, Pa.; T. Jack Foster,
of Norman, Okla.; Charles A. Houston, of New York City; Edwin
M. Otterbourg, of New York City; and George J. Rosenthal, of
Miami, Fla., were admitted to practice.
The Chief Justice announced the following orders of the Court:
No. 168. J. M. Jannett and J. A. Skipper, appellants, v. Dan
Hardie, as Sheriff of Dade County, Florida, etc. Appeal from the
Supreme Court of the State of Florida. Per curiam: The Supreme
Court of Florida entertained on rehearing and decided the constitu-
tional question as to the denial of the equal protection of the laws
under the Fourteenth Amendment. The judgment is affirmed. Mis-
souri v. Lewis, 101 U.S. 22, 30, 31; Hayes v. Missouri, 120 U.S. 68,
71, 72; Budd v. New York, 143 U.S. 517, 548; Griffith v. Connecti-
cut, 218 U.S. 563; Engel v. O'Malley, 219 U.S. 128, 137, 138; Mu-
tual Loan Co. v. Martell, 222 U.S. 225, 235, 236; Toyota v. Hawaii,
226 U.S. 184, 191, 192; Northwestern Laundry Co. v. Des Moines, 239
U.S. 486, 495; Packard v. Banton, 264 U.S. 140, 143, 144; Radice v.
New York, 264 U.S. 292, 296; Dillingham v. McLaughlin, 264 U.S.
370; Ohio v. Akron Park District, 281 U.S. 74, 81.
No. 613. Lida M. Ross, appellant, v. Dancey Fort, Commissioner
of Finance and Taxation of the State of Tennessee. Appeal from
the Supreme Court of the State of Tennessee. Per curiam: The ap-
peal herein is dismissed for the want of a substantial Federal ques-
tion. (1) Maguire v. Trefry, 253 U.S. 12: (2) Klein v. Board of
Supervisors, 282 U.S. 19, 22–24; Magoun v. Illinois Trust & Savings
Bank, 170 U.S. 283, 298, 299; Keeney v. New York, 222 U.S. 525,
535, 536; Standard Stock Food Co. v. Wright, 225 U.S. 540, 550.
The Chief Justice said:
66
The other orders of the Court appear upon the list certified to
by the Chief Justice and filed with the Clerk, and will not be an-
nounced orally."
13563-33--39

MONDAY, DECEMBER 18, 1933
111
No., original. Ex parte: Benjamin A. Boyce, petitioner. Mo-
tion for leave to file petition for writ of mandamus denied.
No., original. Ex parte: R. F. Dasher, petitioner. Motion for
leave to file petition for writ of habeas corpus denied.
No. 308. Maxine Murray, on her own behalf and as Guardian,
etc., petitioner, v. Joe Gerrick & Company et al. Motion to dismiss
denied.
No. 659. The United States of America, appellant, v. Claude
Chambers and Byrum Gibson. In this case probable jurisdiction is
noted. The motion to advance is granted and the case is assigned
for argument on Monday, January 15 next, after the cases heretofore
assigned for that day.
No. 608. The Columbus Gas and Fuel Company, appellant, v. The
Public Utilities Commission of Ohio et al.; and
No. 609. The Dayton Power and Light Company, appellant, v.
The Public Utilities Commission of Ohio. In these cases probable
jurisdiction is noted.
No. 588. M. C. Hinderlider, as State Engineer, etc., et al., appel-
| lants, v. The La Plata River et al. Further consideration of the
question of the jurisdiction of this Court in this case and of the
motion to dismiss is postponed to the hearing of the case on the
merits.
No. 656. Wilbur F. Booth v. The United States; and
No. 657. Charles F. Amidon v. The United States. It is ordered
that these cases be advanced and assigned for argument on Monday,
January 15 next, after the cases heretofore assigned for that day.
No. 576. United States of America ex rel. Frank or Franjo Boric
or Borich, petitioner, v. William H. Marshall, District Director of
Immigration. The petition for a writ of certiorari to the United
States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Third Circuit is granted.
It is ordered that the original Department of Labor File, with
the exhibits contained therein or attached thereto, offered in the
deportation proceedings, which was presented to the Circuit Court
of Appeals upon the appeal of this cause to that court, pursuant
to the stipulation of the parties herein appearing in the record,
and dated June 19, 1933, be certified to this Court for consideration
on this writ of certiorari along with the usual transcript of record,
as provided in Rule 10, paragraph 4, of the rules of this Court.
No. 106. W. D. Sanders, petitioner, v. Armour Fertilizer Works
et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit
Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit granted.
No. 579. Charles Ilfeld Company, petitioner, v. B. C. Hernandez,
Collector of Internal Revenue, etc. Petition for writ of certiorari to

MONDAY, DECEMBER 18, 1933
112
the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Tenth Circuit
granted.
No. 585. John Pokora, petitioner, v. The Wabash Railway Com-
pany. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit
Court of Appeals for the Seventh Circuit granted.
No. 584. Maryland Casualty Company, petitioner, v. Board of
Water Commissioners of the City of Dunkirk et al. Petition for
writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for
the Second Circuit denied.
No. 587. John Speroni and T. J. Costello, petitioners, v. The
United States of America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Seventh Circuit
denied.
No. 591. Harriet Hosey et al., petitioners, v. Mid-Continent Pe-
troleum Corporation. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United
States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Tenth Circuit denied.
No. 610. American-Hawaiian Steamship Company, petitioner, v.
Hans Musaus. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court
of New York, Kings County, denied.
No., original. Ex parte: C. Wilbur Miller and Ernest B. Miller,
petitioners. Motion for leave to file petition for writ of mandamus
submitted by Mr. Wm. Burnet Wright for the petitioners.
No., original. The Principality of Monaco, plaintiff, v. The
State of Mississippi. Motion for leave to file declaration submitted
by Mr. Ethelbert Warfield for the plaintiff.
No. 329. C. F. Routzahn, Collector of Internal Revenue, etc., peti-
tioner, v. Willard Storage Battery Company. Argument continued
by Mr. Charles C. Norris, Jr., for the respondent, and concluded by
Mr. Assistant Attorney General Wideman for the petitioner.
No. 196. American Chain Company, Inc., petitioner, v. Robert
O. Eaton, Collector, etc. Argued by Mr. David S. Day and Mr.
Chester I. Long for the petitioner, and by Mr. Assistant Attorney
General Wideman for the respondent.
Adjourned until Monday, January 8, 1934, at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Monday, January 8, will be as follows: Nos. —,
original. Alabama v. Arizona, 13 original, 505 (and 506), 173, 178,
194, 224, 239, 274, and 347.

MONDAY, JANUARY 8, 1934
113
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: The Chief Justice, Mr. Justice Van Devanter, Mr. Justice
McReynolds, Mr. Justice Brandeis, Mr. Justice Sutherland, Mr.
Justice Butler, Mr. Justice Stone, Mr. Justice Roberts, and Mr.
Justice Cardozo.
Arthur M. Moritz, of New York City; Fabian R. Tenebro, of
Angola, Ind.; Edward Davidson, of Youngstown, Ohio; Francis J.
Sullivan, of New York City; Alanson W. Willcox, of New York
City; Paul E. Lockwood, of New York City; William S. Evatt, of
Columbus, Ohio; Bailey P. Wootton, of Hazard, Ky.; John C. Goins,
of Chattanooga, Tenn.; A. W. Little, of Cushing, Okla.; Raymond
T. Nagle, of Helena, Mont.; Joseph G. Hirschberg, of Madison,
Wis.; A. J. Bieberstein, of Madison, Wis.%; Hester W. Webb, of
San Francisco, Calif.; R. F. Baynes, of New Madrid, Mo.; S. J.
Berton, of Cushing, Okla.; and Joseph D. Mitchell, of Pawhuska,
Okla., were admitted to practice.
No. 133. R. H. Stearns Company, Boston, Massachusetts, peti-
tioner v. The United States. On writ of certiorari to the Court of
Claims. Judgment affirmed. Opinion by Mr. Justice Cardozo.
Mr. Justice Stone took no part in the consideration or decision of
this case.
No. 240. Federal Trade Commission, petitioner, v. Algoma Lum-
ber Company, Big Lakes Box Company, California Fruit Exchange
et al. On writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of
Appeals for the Ninth Circuit. Decree reversed and case remanded
to the said Circuit Court of Appeals for further proceedings in con-
formity with the opinion of this Court. Opinion by Mr. Justice
Cardozo.
No. 487. George Morrison and H. Doi, appellants, v. The People
of the State of California. Appeal from the Supreme Court of the
State of California. Judgment reversed with costs, and cause re-
manded to the said Supreme Court for further proceedings not in-
consistent with the opinion of this Court. Opinion by Mr. Justice
Cardozo.
No. 241. Herman Snyder, petitioner, v. Commonwealth of Massa-
chusetts. On writ of certiorari to the Superior Court in and for the
13563-34--40

MONDAY, JANUARY 8, 1934
114
County of Middlesex, Commonwealth of Massachusetts. Judgment
affirmed with costs. Opinion by Mr. Justice Cardozo. Dissenting
opinion by Mr. Justice Roberts in which Mr. Justice Brandeis, Mr.
Justice Sutherland, and Mr. Justice Butler concur.
No. 84. City Bank Farmers Trust Company, Executor under the
will of Thomas B. Clarke, Deceased, appellant, v. William A. Schna-
der, Attorney General of the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania, and
Leon D. Metzger, Secretary of Revenue of the Commonwealth of
Pennsylvania. Appeal from the District Court of the United States
for the Eastern District of Pennsylvania. Decree reversed with
costs and cause remanded to said District Court with instructions
to reinstate the bill and proceed to a hearing upon the merits.
Opinion by Mr. Justice Roberts.
No. 129. John Freuler, Administrator of the Estate of Louise P.
V. Whitcomb, deceased, petitioner, v. Guy T. Helvering, Commis-
sioner of Internal Revenue. On writ of certiorari to the United
States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit. Judgment
reversed, and cause remanded to the said Circuit Court of Appeals
for further proceedings in conformity with the opinion of this
Court. Opinion by Mr. Justice Roberts. Dissenting opinion by Mr.
Justice Cardozo in which Mr. Justice Brandeis, and Mr. Justice
Stone join.
No. 145. Louise A. Whitcomb, petitioner, v. Guy T. Helvering,
Commissioner of Internal Revenue. On writ of certiorari to the
Court of Appeals of the District of Columbia. Judgment reversed,
and cause remanded to the said Court of Appeals for further pro-
ceedings in conformity with the opinion of this Court. Opinion by
Mr. Justice Roberts. Mr. Justice Brandeis, Mr. Justice Stone, and
Mr. Justice Cardozo dissent.
No. 535. Grace Lewis Connell, Myrle C. Adams, and Mary Adams,
petitioners, v. Eva S. Walker. On writ of certiorari to the Supreme
Court of the State of North Dakota. Judgment affirmed with costs.
Opinion by Mr. Justice Stone.
No. 338. Conrad Wolfle, petitioner, v. The United States of Amer-
ica. On writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of
Appeals for the Ninth Circuit. Judgment affirmed, and cause re-
manded to the District Court of the United States for the Western
District of Washington. Opinion by Mr. Justice Stone.
No. 166. Federal Compress & Warehouse Company and New
Amsterdam Casualty Company of New York, appellants, v. E. R.
McLean, Sheriff and Tax Collector, et al. Appeal from the Supreme
Court of the State of Mississippi. Judgment affirmed with costs.
Opinion by Mr. Justice Stone.

MONDAY, JANUARY 8, 1934
115
No. 152. Newton W. Lumbra, petitioner, v. The United States of
America. On writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court
of Appeals for the Second Circuit. Judgment affirmed, and cause
remanded to the District Court of the United States for the District
of Vermont. Opinion by Mr. Justice Butler.
No. 114. The State Corporation Commission for the State of
Kansas, Homer Hoch, Jesse W. Greenleaf, et al., appellants, v. The
Wichita Gas Company, The Hutchinson Gas Company, The Newton
Gas Company, et al. Appeal from the District Court of the United
States for the District of Kansas. Decree modified and as modified,
affirmed with costs and cause remanded to the said District Court
for further proceedings in conformity with the opinion of this
Court. Opinion by Mr. Justice Butler.
No. 203. P. F. Petersen Baking Company, Schulze Baking Com-
pany, Continental Baking Company, et al., appellants, v. Charles W.
Bryan, as Governor of the State of Nebraska, et al. Appeal from
the Supreme Court of the State of Nebraska. Decree affirmed with
costs. Opinion by Mr. Justice Butler.
No. 200. Missouri Pacific Railroad Company, a corporation, peti-
tioner, v. Hartley Brothers, a Copartnership Composed of F. M.
Hartley and T. H. Hartley. On writ of certiorari to the Supreme
Court of the State of Oklahoma. Judgment affirmed with costs.
Opinion by Mr. Justice Butler.
No. 153. Alvin F. Fix, Collector of Internal Revenue for the First
Collection District of Pennsylvania, petitioner, v. Philadelphia
Barge Company and National Surety Company. On writ of cer-
tiorari to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Third
Circuit. Judgment reversed with costs, and cause remanded to the
District Court of the United States for the Eastern District of
Pennsylvania for further proceedings in conformity with the
opinion of this Court. Opinion by Mr. Justice Sutherland.
No. 434. Ada L. Burroughs and James Cannon, Jr., petitioners,
v. The United States of America. On writ of certiorari to the
Court of Appeals of the District of Columbia. Judgment affirmed
in respect of the ninth and tenth counts of the indictment only, and
the cause remanded to the Supreme Court of the District of Colum-
bia for further proceedings in conformity with the opinion of this
Court. Opinion by Mr. Justice Sutherland. Separate opinion by
Mr. Justice McReynolds.
No. 62. First National Bank of Cincinnati and International
Heater Company, petitioners, v. Rudolph B. Flershem, Charles O.
Cornell, John H. Waters, et al., etc.;

MONDAY, JANUARY 8, 1934
116
No. 63. First National Bank of Cincinnati and International
Heater Company, petitioners, v. Rudolph B. Flershem, Charles O.
Cornell, John H. Waters, et al., etc.;
No. 64. Amy Arzt and Josephine Ramsey, petitioners, v. Rudolph
B. Flershem, Charles O. Cornell, John H. Waters, et al., etc.; and
No. 65. Lily Clapier, petitioner, v. Rudolph B. Flershem, Charles
O. Cornell, John H. Waters, et al., etc. On writ of certiorari to the
United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Third Circuit. In
Nos. 62, 63, and 64, decree reversed as to petitioners with costs. In
No. 65, decree modified, and as modified affirmed with costs. Cases
remanded to the District Court of the United States for the Western
District of Pennsylvania for further proceedings in conformity with
the opinion of this Court. Opinion by Mr. Justice Brandeis.
No. 163. Northwestern Pacific Railroad Company, petitioner, v.
Josephine Bobo, as Administratrix of the Estate of Perry E. Bobo,
deceased. On writ of certiorari to the District Court of Appeal of
the State of California, First Appellate District, Division One.
Judgment reversed with costs and cause remanded to the said Dis-
trict Court of Appeal for further proceedings not inconsistent with
the opinion of this Court. Opinion by Mr. Justice McReynolds.
No. 54. Acel C. Alexander, Collector of Internal Revenue, peti-
tioner, v. Cosden Pipe Line Company. On writ of certiorari to the
United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Tenth Circuit. Judg-
ments of the District Court and of the Circuit Court of Appeals
reversed with costs as to the first and second claims and the cause
remanded to the District Court of the United States for the Western
District of Oklahoma with directions to render judgment on the
findings as to these claims in conformity with the views expressed
in the opinion of the court and to respect the decision of the Circuit
Court of Appeals on the third and fourth claims and the remittitur
given thereunder. Opinion by Mr. Justice Van Devanter.
No. 370. Home Building and Loan Association, appellant, v. John
H. Blaisdell and Rosella Blaisdell, his wife. Appeal from the Su-
preme Court of the State of Minnesota. Judgment affirmed with
costs. Opinion by Mr. Chief Justice Hughes. Dissenting opinion
by Mr. Justice Sutherland in which Mr. Justice Van Devanter,
Mr. Justice McReynolds, and Mr. Justice Butler concur.
The Chief Justice announced the following orders of the Court:
No. 602. Charles R. Archerd, appellant, v. The State of Oregon.
Appeal from the Supreme Court of the State of Oregon. Per cu-

MONDAY, JANUARY 8, 1934
117
riam: The appeal herein is dismissed (1) for the want of a prop-
erly presented Federal question. Godchaux v. Estopinal, 251 U.S.
179; Rooker v. Fidelity Trust Co., 251 U.S. 114, 117; Live Oak Water
Users Association v. Railroad Comm'n, 269 U.S. 354, 357, 358; (2)
for the want of a reviewable judgment by the highest court of the
State in which a decision could have been had. John v. Paullin,
231 U.S. 583, 587; Newman v. Gates, 204 U.S. 89, 95; Chesapeake &
Ohio Ry. Co. v. McDonald, 214 U.S. 101; Harrington v. Holler, 111
U.S. 796; and (3) for the want of a substantial Federal question,
Equitable Life Assurance Society v. Brown, 187 U.S. 300, 311; Wa-
bash R.R. Co. v. Flannigan, 192 U.S. 29; Roe v. Kansas, 278
U.S. 191.
No. 665. Charles Agles, appellant, v. Stolze Lumber Company.
Appeal from the Supreme Court of the State of Illinois. Per cu-
riam: The motion of the appellee to dismiss the appeal herein is
granted, and the appeal is hereby dismissed for the want of juris-
diction. Sec. 237 (a), Judicial Code, as amended by the Act of Feb-
ruary 13, 1925 (43 Stat. 936, 937). Treating the papers whereon
the appeal was allowed as an application for writ of certiorari
as required by Sec. 237 (c), Judicial Code, as amended (43 Stat. 936,
938), certiorari is denied.
No. 664. Della Schmeling, appellant, v. The F. W. Woolworth
Company. Appeal from the Supreme Court of the State of Kansas.
Per curiam: The motion of the appellee to dismiss the appeal herein
is granted, and the appeal is dismissed for the want of a substantial
federal question. New York Central R.R. Co. v. White, 243 U.S.
188; Mountain Timber Co. v. Washington, 243 U.S. 219; Lower
Vein Co. v. Industrial Board, 255 U.S. 144; Madera Sugar Pine Co.
v. Industrial Commission, 262 U.S. 499; Castillo v. McConnico, 168
U.S. 674, 683; McDonald v. Oregon Navigation Co., 233 U.S. 665,
669, 670; Hebert v. Louisiana, 272 U.S. 312, 316, 317; Glenn v. Doyal,
285 U.S. 526.
No. 2, original. The State of Vermont v. The State of New Hamp-
shire. Decree entered.
The Chief Justice said:
"The other orders of the Court appear upon the list certified to
by the Chief Justice and filed with the clerk and will not be
announced orally."
No., original. Ex parte: W. Wilbur Miller, et al., petitioners.
The motion for leave to file petition for writ of mandamus or prohi-
bition is denied. Ex parte: United States, 287 U.S. 241, 248, 249.
No., original. Ex parte: Rocco Di Pippa, petitioner. The
motion for leave to file petition for writ of habeas corpus is denied.

MONDAY, JANUARY 8, 1934
118
No., original. Principality of Monaco, plaintiff, v. The State
of Mississippi. A rule is ordered to issue, returnable on Monday,
February 5 next, requiring the defendant to show cause why the
motion for leave to file the declaration herein should not be granted.
No. 675. Fred Poffenbarger, petitioner, v. A. C. Aderhold,
Warden, etc. On petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Circuit Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit. The motion for
leave to proceed further herein in forma pauperis is denied, for the
reason that the Court, upon examination of the papers herein sub-
mitted, finds no ground upon which a writ of certiorari should be
granted. The petition for writ of certiorari is therefore also denied.
No. 677. James Davis, petitioner, v. T. P. Hollowell, Warden, etc.
On petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of the State
of Iowa. The motion for leave to proceed further herein in forma
pauperis is denied, for the reason that the Court, upon examination
of the papers herein submitted, finds no ground upon which a writ
of certiorari should be granted. The petition for writ of certiorari
is therefore also denied.
No. 651. J. B. Gully, State Tax Collector, et al., appellants, v. In-
terstate Natural Gas Company. In this case probable jurisdiction
is noted.
No. 650. Hartford Accident & Indemnity Company et al., appel-
lants, v. Delta & Pine Land Company; and
No. 627. F. J. Utley and D. T. Utley, appellants, v. City of St.
Petersburg, Florida. Further consideration of the question of the
jurisdiction of this Court in these cases is postponed to the hearing
of the cases on the merits.
No. 635. William J. McGarrity, Administrator C. T. A., etc., ap-
pellant, v. Delaware River Bridge Commission et al. Further con-
sideration of the question of the jurisdiction of this Court in this
case and of the motion to dismiss is postponed to the hearing of
the case on the merits.
No. 619. Radio Corporation of America, American Telephone and
Telegraph Company, et al., petitioners, v. Radio Engineering Labora-
tories, Inc. The petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Circuit Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit is granted. The
Chief Justice took no part in the consideration or decision of this
application.
No. 611. Electric Cable Joint Company, petitioner, v. Brooklyn
Edison Company, Inc. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United
States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit granted.
No. 614. Chris Larsen, petitioner, v. Northland Transportation
Company, Charterer, etc. Petition for writ of certiorari to the

MONDAY, JANUARY 8, 1934
119
United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit
granted.
No. 590. Philadelphia Fire & Marine Insurance Company, peti-
tioner, v. The United States. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
Court of Claims denied.
No. 622. Cable Radio Tube Corporation, petitioner, v. Radio Cor-
poration of America et al.; and
No. 623. Cable Radio Tube Corporation, petitioner, v. Radio Cor-
poration of America et al. Petition for writs of certiorari to the
United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit
denied.
No. 571. E. L. Junod, petitioner, v. Court Smith, Warden, etc.
Petitioner for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of the State
of California denied.
No. 593. Langdon Cheves et al., petitioners, v. E. B. Whitehead,
as United States Game Protector. Petition for writ of certiorari to
the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit
denied.
No. 596. State Consolidated Oil Company, petitioner, v. Guy T.
Helvering, as Commissioner of Internal Revenue. Petition for writ
of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the
Ninth Circuit denied.
No. 599. Children's Home Society of West Virginia, petitioner, v.
James M. Swan, Receiver of the Union National Bank of Fairmont,
et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit
Court of Appeals for the Fourth Circuit denied.
No. 603. Standard Dredging Company and National Dredging
Company, petitioners, v. Julius Kristiansen. Petition for writ of
certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the
Second Circuit denied.
No. 604. John D. Roney, petitioner, v. Guy T. Helvering, Commis-
sioner of Internal Revenue; and
No. 605. Morris Schapiro, petitioner, v. Guy T. Helvering Com-
missioner of Internal Revenue. Petitioner for writs of certiorari to
the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Fourth Circuit
denied.
No. 612. Highway Engineering & Construction Company, Inc.,
petitioner, v. Hillsborough County, Florida. Petition for writ of
certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the
Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 607. James S. Darcy, Archibald B. Gwathmey, et al., Ex-
ecutors, etc., v. Commissioner of Internal Revenue. Petition for

MONDAY, JANUARY 8, 1934
120
writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for
the Second Circuit denied.
No. 615. Gabriel Vigorito, petitioner, v. The United States of
America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Cir-
cuit Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit denied.
No. 620. Frank X. Pfaffinger, petitioner, v. The United States of
America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Circuit Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit denied.
No. 621. Mutual Lumber Company, petitioner, v. Burns Poe, Col-
lector of Internal Revenue, etc. Petition for writ of certiorari to
the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit
denied.
No. 624. Elijah W. Jamerson and Otto F. Leman, petitioners, v.
The United States of America. Petitioner for writ of certiorari to
the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Seventh Circuit
denied.
No. 628. Standard Oil Company of Indiana, petitioner, v. The
City of Sedalia, at the relation and to the use of George Bauman;
No. 629. Shell Petroleum Corporation, petitioner, v. The City of
Sedalia, at the relation and to the use of George Bauman:
No. 630. Skelly Oil Company, petitioner, v. The City of Sedalia,
at the relation and to the use of George Bauman;
No. 631. Sinclair Refining Company, petitioner, v. The City of
Sedalia, at the relation and to the use of George Bauman;
No. 632. White Eagle Oil and Refining Company, et al., petit-
tioners, v. the City of Sedalia, at the relation and to the use of
George Beauman;
No. 633. Mid-Continent Petroleum Corporation, petitioner, v. The
City of Sedalia, at the relation and to the use of George Bauman;
and
No. 634. National Refining Company, petitioner, v. The City of
Sedalia, at the relation and to the use of George Bauman. Peti-
tion for writs of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of
Appeals for the Eighth Circuit denied.
No. 5, original. The State of Wisconsin et al., complainants, v. The
State of Illinois et al.;
No. 7, original. The State of Michigan et al., complainants, v. The
State of Illinois et al.; and
No. 8, original. The State of New York et al., complainants, v. The
State of Illinois et al. Semiannual report of the defendant Sanitary
District of Chicago dated January 1, 1934, presented.

MONDAY, JANUARY 8, 1934
121
No. 18, original. The Commonwealth of Pennsylvania, complain-
ant, v. The State of Arkansas. Motion of defendant for additional
time within which to file answer submitted by Mr. Hal L. Norwood
and Mr. Walter L. Pope for the defendant.
No. 19, original. Ex parte: L. W. Baldwin, et al., petitioners. Re-
turn to rule to show cause presented.
No. 576. United States of America, ex rel. Frank or Franjo Boric
or Borich, petitioner, v. William H. Marshall, District Director of
Immigration. On writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit
Court of Appeals for the Third Circuit. Dismissed on motion of
counsel for the petitioner.
Adjourned until tomorrow at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Tuesday, January 9, will be as follows: Nos. —,
original, Alabama v. Arizona, 13 original, 505 (and 506), 173, 178,
194, 224, 239, 274, and 347.
13563-34-41

TUESDAY, JANUARY 9, 1934
122
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: The Chief Justice, Mr. Justice Van Devanter, Mr. Justice
McReynolds, Mr. Justice Brandeis, Mr. Justice Sutherland, Mr.
Justice Butler, Mr. Justice Stone, Mr. Justice Roberts, and Mr.
Justice Cardozo.
Floyd F. Toomey, of Seattle, Wash.; Bernard A. Schroeder, of
☐ Chicago, Ill.; Thos. Gibson Hobbs, of Lynchburg, Va.; Alfred
Petsch, of Fredericksburg, Tex.; Charles H. Brown, of New York
City; Wm. F. Way, of St. Petersburg, Fla.; Miles Ventress, of
Miami, Fla.; and Albert E. Lewis, of Boston, Mass., were admitted
to practice.
No., original. State of Alabama, complainant, v. State of Ari-
zona et al. Argued on the Rules and Returns by Mr. William
Logan Martin for the complainant, and by Mr. William A. Schnader
and Mr. Raymond T. Nagle for the defendants. Motion to amend
bill of complaint submitted by Mr. William Logan Martin for the
complainant.
No. 13, original. State of New Jersey, complainant, v. State of
Delaware. Four hours allowed for oral argument. Argument on
the exceptions to the Report of the Special Master commenced by
Mr. Duane E. Minard for the complainant and continued by Mr.
George S. Hobart for the complainant and by Mr. Clarence A.
Southerland for the defendant.
Adjourned until tomorrow at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Wednesday, January 10, will be as follows: Nos.
13, original, 505 (and 506), 173, 178, 194, 224, 239, 274, 347,
and 344.
13563-34- -42

WEDNESDAY, JANUARY 10, 1934
123
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: The Chief Justice, Mr. Justice Van Devanter, Mr. Justice
McReynolds, Mr. Justice Brandeis, Mr. Justice Sutherland, Mr.
Justice Butler, Mr. Justice Stone, Mr. Justice Roberts, and Mr.
Justice Cardozo.
Leonard L. Cowan, of Chicago, Ill.; DeWolfe Emory, of Seattle,
Wash.; Pedro P. Semsem, of Washington, D.C.; and Irvin C. Levin,
of Omaha, Nebr., were admitted to practice.
No. 13, original. State of New Jersey, complainant, v. State of
Delaware. Argument on the exceptions to the Report of the Special
Master continued by Mr. Clarence A. Southerland for the defendant,
and concluded by Mr. Duane E. Minard for the complainant.
No. 505. Manhattan Properties, Inc., petitioner, v. Irving Trust
Company as Trustee etc.; and
No. 506. Samuel R. Brown, et al., petitioners, v. Irving Trust
Company as Trustee etc. Argued by Mr. William D. Mitchell for
the petitioners, and by Mr. Frederick H. Wood for the respondent.
No. 173. James B. Moore, petitioner, v. The Chesapeake & Ohio
Railway Company. Argument commenced by Mr. Edward David-
son for the petitioner.
Adjourned until tomorrow at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Thursday, January 11, will be as follows: Nos.
173, 178, 194, 224, 239, 347, 344 (and 359), 364, 274, and 290.
13563-34-
-43
☑

THURSDAY, JANUARY 11, 1934
124
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: The Chief Justice, Mr. Justice Van Devanter, Mr. Jus-
tice McReynolds, Mr. Justice Brandeis, Mr. Justice Sutherland, Mr.
Justice Butler, Mr. Justice Stone, Mr. Justice Roberts, and Mr.
Justice Cardozo.
Walter L. Baumgartner, of Seattle, Wash.; Joseph Merrick Jones,
of New Orleans, La.; and Maurice E. Cohen, of Philadelphia, Pa.;
were admitted to practice.
No. 173. James B. Moore, petitioner, v. The Chesapeake & Ohio
☐ Railway Company. Argument continued by Mr. Albert H. Cole
for the respondent and concluded by Mr. Edward Davidson for the
petitioner.
No. 178. Augustus P. Norton, Deputy Commissioner, United
States Employees' Compensation Commission, petitioner, v. Vesta
Coal Company. Argued by Mr. Assistant Solicitor General Mac-
Lean for the petitioner, and by Mr. Wm. A. Challener for the
respondent.
No. 194. Federal Trade Commission, petitioner, v. R. F. Keppel
& Brother, Inc. Argued by Mr. Assistant Attorney General Ste-
phens for the petitioner, and by Mr. George E. Elliott for the
respondent.
No. 224. The United States, petitioner, v. Provident Trust Com-
pany, as Administrator, etc. Argument commenced by Mr. Solicitor
General Biggs for the petitioner, and continued by Mr. Joseph
Carson for the respondent.
Adjourned until tomorrow at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Friday, January 12, will be as follows: Nos.
224, 239, 347, 344 (and 359), 364, 274, 290, 293, 294, and 295.
13563-34-
-44
✓

FRIDAY, JANUARY 12, 1934
125
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: The Chief Justice, Mr. Justice Van Devanter, Mr. Justice
McReynolds, Mr. Justice Brandeis, Mr. Justice Sutherland, Mr. Jus-
tice Butler, Mr. Justice Stone, Mr. Justice Roberts, and Mr. Justice
Cardozo.
William F. Denman, of Prescott, Ark.; Hubbard Scott Caven, of
Marshall, Tex.; Dwight L. Shouse, of Indianapolis, Ind.; and Willis
J. O'Brien, of Des Moines, Iowa, were admitted to practice.
No. 224. The United States, petitioner, v. Provident Trust Com-
pany, as Administrator etc. Argument continued by Mr. Joseph
Carson for the respondent, and concluded by Mr. Solicitor General
Biggs for the petitioner.
No. 239. Hartford Accident & Indemnity Company et al., appel-
lants, v. N. O. Nelson Manufacturing Company. Argued by Mr. L.
Barrett Jones for the appellants, and by Mr. Gerard H. Brandon for
the appellee.
No. 347. Standard Oil Company of California, appellant, v. The
People of the State of California. Argued by Mr. V. K. Butler, Jr.,
for the appellant, and by Mr. H. H. Linney and Mr. U. S. Webb for
the appellee.
No. 344. Puget Sound Power & Light Company, appellant, v.
The City of Seattle; and
No. 359. Seattle Gas Company, appellant, v. The City of Seattle.
Argument commenced by Mr. Clarence R. Innis for the appellant in
No. 344; and continued by Mr. De Wolfe Emory for the appellant
in No. 359.
Adjourned until Monday next at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Monday, January 15, will be as follows: Nos.
344 (and 359), 364, 440 (and 548), 659, 656 (and 657), 6, 274,
290, 293, and 294.
13563-34-
-45
Х

MONDAY, JANUARY 15, 1934
126
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: The Chief Justice, Mr. Justice McReynolds, Mr. Justice
Brandeis, Mr. Justice Sutherland, Mr. Justice Butler, Mr. Justice
Stone, Mr. Justice Roberts, and Mr. Justice Cardozo.
Leslie N. Jones, of Chicago, Ill.; David Nelson Sutton, of West
Point, Va.; Stella Akin, of Savannah, Ga.; John J. Kennett, of
Seattle, Wash.; Lester Rabbino, of Brooklyn, N.Y.; Zenobian Ilmer
Walser, of High Point, N.C.; Wm. H. Bobbitt, of Charlotte, N.C.;
Don A. Walser, of Lexington, N.C.; John Raymond McCrary, of
Lexington, N.C.; and Frederic White Shepard, of Woodmere, N.Y.,
were admitted to practice.
The Chief Justice said:
"The Court learns with deep sorrow of the death of Mrs. Edward
Douglass White, widow of the late Chief Justice of this Court. The
Court is advised that funeral ceremonies will be held in Washington
Wednesday next at 10 o'clock in the forenoon. The members of the
Court will be present to show appropriate respect to her memory."
No. 187. Arthur M. Brown, petitioner, v. Guy T. Helvering, Com-
missioner of Internal Revenue. On writ of certiorari to the United
States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit. Judgment
affirmed, and cause remanded to the said Circuit Court of Appeals.
Opinion by Mr. Justice Brandeis.
No. 225. Guy T. Helvering, Commissioner of Internal Revenue,
petitioner, v. Otto H. Falk et al., Executors of the estate of Charles
F. Pfister, deceased. On writ of certiorari to the United States
Circuit Court of Appeals for the Seventh Circuit. Judgment
affirmed, and cause remanded to the said Circuit Court of Appeals.
Opinion by Mr. Justice McReynolds. Dissenting opinion by Mr.
Justice Stone in which Mr. Justice Brandeis and Mr. Justice
Cardozo concur.
No. 227. Marshall S. Reynolds, Individually and as Collector of
Internal Revenue, petitioner, v. Richard F. Cooper;
No. 228. Marshall S. Reynolds, Individually and as Collector of
Internal Revenue, petitioner, v. Barbara V. Cooper; and
13563-34-46

MONDAY, JANUARY 15, 1934
127
No. 229. Marshall S. Reynolds, Individually and as Collector of
Internal Revenue, petitioner, v. Richard F. Cooper and Barbara V.
Cooper. On writs of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court
of Appeals for the Tenth Circuit. Judgments affirmed with costs,
and cases remanded to the District Court of the United States for
the District of Wyoming. Opinion by Mr. Justice McReynolds.
Mr. Justice Brandeis, Mr. Justice Stone, and Mr. Justice Cardozo
concur in the result.
No. 126. Pigeon River Improvement, Slide & Boom Company,
appellant, v. Charles W. Cox, Limited. Appeal from the United
States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Eighth Circuit. Judgment
reversed with costs, and cause remanded to the District Court of the
United States for the District of Minnesota for further proceedings.
in conformity with the opinion of this Court. Opinion by Mr. Chief
Justice Hughes.
No. 158. Guy T. Helvering, Commissioner of Internal Revenue,
petitioner, v. Charles J. Canfield. On writ of certiorari to the
United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Seventh Circuit; and
No. 212. William R. Thorsen, petitioner, v. Guy T. Helvering,
Commissioner of Internal Revenue. On writ of certiorari to the
United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit.
Judgment in No. 158 reversed and cause remanded to the Circuit
Court of Appeals for the Seventh Circuit for further proceedings in
conformity with the opinion of this Court. Judgment in No. 212
affirmed, and cause remanded to the Circuit Court of Appeals for the
Ninth Circuit. Opinion by Mr. Chief Justice Hughes.
No. 208. Nannie May Williams, petitioner, v. The Union Central
Life Insurance Company. On writ of certiorari to the United States.
Circuit Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit. Judgment affirmed
with costs, and cause remanded to the District Court of the United
States for the Northern District of Texas. Opinion by Mr. Chief"
Justice Hughes.
The Chief Justice said:
66
The other orders of the Court appear upon the list certified to.
by the Chief Justice and filed with the Clerk and will not be an-
nounced orally."
No. 178. Augustus P. Norton, Deputy Commissioner, United States
Employees' Compensation Commission, petitioner, v. Vesta Coal
Company. On writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court
of Appeals for the Third Circuit. Per curiam: As it appears that the
Government has now adopted the conclusion that the decision below

MONDAY, JANUARY 15, 1934
128
is correct and no substantial controversy is presented at the bar of
this Court, the writ of certiorari herein is dismissed.
No. 5, original. The State of Wisconsin et al,, complainants, v. The
State of Illinois et al.;
No. 7, original. The State of Michigan et al., complainants, v. The
State of Illinois et al.; and
No. 8, original. The State of New York et al., complainants, v.
The State of Illinois et al. The semiannual report of the Sanitary
District of Chicago dated January 1, 1934, is received and ordered
to be filed.
No. 18, original. The Commonwealth of Pennsylvania, com-
plainant, v. The State of Arkansas. Motion of defendant for thirty
days additional time within which to file its answer is granted.
No. 19, original. Ex parte: L. W. Baldwin and Guy A. Thompson,
Trustees, etc., et al., petitioners. Upon consideration of the return
of the respondent, Honorable Thomas M. Kennerly, Judge of the
District Court of the United States for the Southern District of
Texas, to the rule to show cause heretofore issued herein, it is ordered
that this cause be assigned for oral argument upon the rule and
return on Monday, February 12, next. It is further ordered that
Tyrell & Garth Investment Co., the plaintiff in the District Court of
Harris County, sixty-first judicial District of Texas, in the cause
there pending entitled Tyrell & Garth Investment Co. v. Houston
North Shore Railway Company et al., be, and it is hereby, granted,
leave to appear in this Court in this cause, to file briefs, and to
participate in the oral argument.
No. 674. Harry Hackworth, petitioner, v. A. C. Aderhold, Warden
U.S. Penitentiary, Atlanta, Georgia. On petition for writ of cer-
tiorari to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Fifth
Circuit. The motion for leave to proceed further herein in forma
pauperis is denied, for the reason that the Court upon examination
of the papers herein submitted finds no ground upon which a writ
of certiorari should be granted. The petition for writ of certiorari
is therefore also denied.
No. 704. The United States of America, ex rel. Alfred R. Ner-
bonne, petitioner, v. Henry C. Hill, as Warden, United States
Northeastern Penitentiary, Lewisburg, Pa. On petition for writ of
certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the
Third Circuit. The motion for leave to proceed further herein in
forma pauperis is denied for the reason that the Court, upon exami-
nation of the papers herein submitted, finds no ground upon which
a writ of certiorari should be granted. The petition for writ of
certiorari is therefore also denied.

MONDAY, JANUARY 15, 1934
129
No. 667. Gilbert Franklin Poole, an Insane Person, by Charles
Lee Coggin, His General Guardian, petitioner, v. The United States
of America. On petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Circuit Court of Appeals for the Fourth Circuit. The motion for
leave to proceed further herein in forma pauperis is denied, for the
reason that the Court upon examination of the papers herein sub-
mitted finds no ground upon which a writ of certiorari should be
granted. The petition for writ of certiorari is therefore also denied.
No. 663. Charles E. Gay, Jr., Receiver of Savannah & Atlanta
Railway, petitioner, v. Major Ruff. Petition for writ of certiorari
to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit
granted and case assigned for argument on Monday, February 12,
next, immediately following No. 19, original.
No. 669. John N. Minnich, petitioner, v. Russell Gardner, et al.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court
of Appeals for the Third Circuit granted.
No. 594. Lucas T. Harter, Receiver, Hawkins Mortgage Company,
petitioner, v. Warrack Wallace, Trustee, Hawkins Mortgage Com-
pany, et al.; and
No. 595. Lucas T. Harter, Receiver, Hawkins Mortgage Company,
petitioner, v. Warrack Wallace, Trustee, Hawkins Mortgage Com-
pany, et al. Petition for writs of certiorari to the United States
Circuit Court of Appeals for the Seventh Circuit denied.
No. 626. Missouri-Kansas-Texas Railroad Company, petitioner, v.
Walter Pleasant, Rodney A. Elward, and Walter Huxman, Tax
Commissioners of the State of Kansas, etc., et al. Petition for writ
of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the
Tenth Circuit denied.
No. 636. Traders Limited, Claimant of British Auxiliary Schooner
"Thorndyke", her tackle etc., petitioner, v. The United States of
America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Cir-
cuit Court of Appeals for the Third Circuit denied.
No. 638. Central Eastern Power Company, petitioner, v. Manu-
facturers Trust Company et al., and
No. 639. Ohio Electric Power Company, petitioner, v. The Colum-
bus, Delaware & Marion Electric Company et al. Petition for writs
of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the
Sixth Circuit denied.
No. 646. H. T. Cook, Henry N. Young, and Trenton Trust Com-
pany, Executors etc., petitioners, v. Commissioner of Internal Rev-
enue. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit
Court of Appeals for the Third Circuit denied.

MONDAY, JANUARY 15, 1934
130
No. 647. J. Edgar Hustead, Receiver of The Monongahela Na-
tional Bank of Brownsville, Pennsylvania, petitioner, v. The School
District of the Borough of Brownsville. Petition for writ of cer-
tiorari to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Third
Circuit denied.
No. 648. Robert K. Cassatt, W. Plunket Stewart, et al., etc., peti-
tioners, v. The First National Bank of West New York, New Jersey.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Errors and Appeals
of the State of New Jersey denied.
No. 649. Thomas A. Groover, Arthur C. Christie, et al., peti-
tioners, v. Dora E. Grubb. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
Court of Appeals of the District of Columbia denied.
No. 654. Irving Trust Company, as Receiver of Island Refining
Company, petitioner, v. Compania Mexicana De Petroleo "La
Libertad ", S.A., et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United
States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit denied.
No. 542. Harry D. McCleary, petitioner, v. The United States of
America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit
Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit denied.
No. 550. Harry L. Alvord, petitioner, v. The United States of
America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit
Court of Appeals for the First Circuit denied.
The Chief Justice announced the following order:
ORDER
The Court will take a recess from Monday, January 22, to Mon-
day, February 5, next.
No. 586. New York Telephone Company, appellant, v. Milo R.
Maltbie et al., etc. Time extended to February 1, next, to file brief
in opposition to the motion to dismiss on motion of Mr. Edward L.
Blackman in that behalf.
No. 659. The United States of America, appellant, v. Claude
Chambers and Byrum Gibson. Motion for leave to file brief of
Frederic White Shepard as amicus curiae and for leave to partici-
pate in the oral argument submitted by Mr. Frederic White Shep-
ard in that behalf and the motion denied.
No. 659. The United States of America, appellant, v. Claude
Chambers and Byrum Gibson. Motion for leave to file brief of

MONDAY, JANUARY 15, 1934
131
Wm. Sheafe Chase, as amicus curiae submitted by Mr. Frederic
White Shepard in that behalf and the motion denied.
No. 344. Puget Sound Power & Light Company, appellant, v. The
City of Seattle; and
No. 359. Seattle Gas Company, appellant, v. The City of Seattle.
Argument continued by Mr. DeWolfe Emory for the appellant in
No. 359; by Mr. Walter L. Baumgartner and Mr. A. C. Van Soelen
for the appellee; by Mr. Clarence R. Innis, for the appellant in No.
344; and concluded by Mr. DeWolfe Emory for the appellant in
No. 359.
No. 364. The Pacific Telephone and Telegraph Company, appel-
lant, v. The City of Seattle, et al. Argued by Mr. Otto B. Rupp
for the appellant, and by Mr. Walter L. Baumgartner for the
appellees.
No. 440. Benjamin F. Lindheimer, and others constituting the
Illinois Commerce Commission etc., et al., appellants, v. Illinois Bell
Telephone Company; and
No. 548. Illinois Bell Telephone Company, appellant, v. Benjamin
F. Lindheimer, and others constituting the Illinois Commerce Com-
mission etc., et al. Five hours allowed for the argument of this
case. Argument commenced by Mr. George I. Haight for Lind-
heimer et al., and continued by Mr. Benjamin F. Goldstein for
Lindheimer et al.
Adjourned until tomorrow at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Tuesday, January 16, will be as follows: Nos.
440 (and 548). 659, 656 (and 657), 6, 274, 290, 293, 294, 308,
and 399.

TUESDAY, JANUARY 16, 1934
132
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: The Chief Justice, Mr. Justice Van Devanter, Mr. Jus-
tice Brandeis, Mr. Justice Sutherland, Mr. Justice Butler, Mr. Justice.
Stone, Mr. Justice Roberts, and Mr. Justice Cardozo.
Otto C. Stegemann, of Miami, Fla.; Max L. Bernsteen, of Cleve-
land, Ohio; Robert V. Gleason, of Minneapolis, Minn.; Edgar G.
Martin, of Norwalk, Ohio; and Rex F. Bracy, of Norwalk, Ohio,
were admitted to practice.
No. 399. National Linen Service Corporation, Trading as Rich-
mond Linen Supply Company, appellant, v. City of Lynchburg,
Virginia, its Mayor, et al. Submitted by Mr. Henry A. Alexander
for the appellant and by Mr. T. G. Hobbs for the appellees.
No. 440. Benjamin F. Lindheimer and others, constituting the
Illinois Commerce Commission, etc., et al., appellants, v. Illinois Bell
Telephone Company; and
No. 548. Illinois Bell Telephone Company, appellant, v. Benjamin
F. Lindheimer and others, constituting the Illinois Commerce Com-
mission, etc., et al. Argument continued by Mr. Benjamin F. Gold-
stein for Lindheimer et al.; by Mr. Wm. H. Thompson and Mr.
Charles M. Bracelen for Illinois Bell Telephone Company; and
concluded by Mr. Benjamin F. Goldstein for Lindheimer et al.
No. 659. The United States of America, appellant, v. Claude
Chambers and Byrum Gibson. Argument commenced by Mr. Solic-
itor General Biggs for the appellant.
Adjourned until tomorrow at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Wednesday, January 17, will be as follows: Nos.
659, 656 (and 657), 6, 274, 290, 293, 294, 308, 311 (and 312),
and 325.
13563-34--47
Х

WEDNESDAY, JANUARY 17, 1934
133
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES.
Present: The Chief Justice, Mr. Justice Van Devanter, Mr. Justice
Brandeis, Mr. Justice Sutherland, Mr. Justice Butler, Mr. Justice
Stone, Mr. Justice Roberts, and Mr. Justice Cardozo.
Emil Weitzner, of New York City; Arthur A. Gammell, of New
York City; Earl F. Boxell, of Toledo, Ohio; Neal Powers, of Aus-
tin, Tex.; Henry H. Bank, of Minneapolis, Minn.; Hugh C. Laugh-
lin, of Toledo, Ohio; Samuel J. Ervin, Jr., of Morganton, N.C.;
Frazier Reams, of Toledo, Ohio; and Joel S. Rhinefort, of Toledo,
Ohio, were admitted to practice.
No. 659. The United States of America, appellant, v. Claude
Chambers and Byrum Gibson. Argument continued by Mr. Solicitor
General Biggs for the appellant; by Mr. Z. I. Walser and Mr.
William M. Hendren, for the appellees; and concluded by Mr. Solic-
itor General Biggs for the appellant.
No. 656. Wilbur F. Booth v. The United States; and
No. 657. Charles F. Amidon v. The United States. Argument
commenced by Mr. William D. Mitchell for Booth and Amidon;
continued by Mr. Solicitor General Biggs for The United States;
and concluded by Mr. John Spalding Flannery for Booth and
Amidon.
No. 6, Local 167 of the International Brotherhood of Teamsters,
etc., et al., appellants, v. The United States of America. Argument
commenced by Mr. Samuel H. Kaufman for the appellants.
Adjourned until tomorrow at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Thursday, January 18, will be as follows: Nos.
6, 274, 290, 293, 294, 308, 311 (and 312), 325, 343, and 349.
13563-34-48

Х
THURSDAY, JANUARY 18, 1934
134
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: The Chief Justice, Mr. Justice Van Devanter, Mr. Jus-
tice Brandeis, Mr. Justice Butler, Mr. Justice Stone, Mr. Justice
Roberts, and Mr. Justice Cardozo.
Sigmund H. Steinberg, of Philadelphia, Pa.; and Harry Green-
wald, of Yonkers, N.Y., were admitted to practice.
No. 6. Local 167 of the International Brotherhood of Teamsters,
etc., et al., appellants, v. The United States of America. Argument
continued by Mr. Samuel H. Kaufman for the appellants, and con-
cluded by Mr. Assistant Attorney General Stephens for the
appellee.
No. 274. Clark's Ferry Bridge Company, appellant, v. The Public
Service Commission of the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania. Ar-
gued by Mr. George Ross Hull for the appellant, and by Mr. E.
Everett Mather, Jr., for the appellee.
No. 290. Chase National Bank of the City of New York, Suc-
cessor Trustee etc., petitioner, v. The City of Norwalk, Ohio. Argu-
ment commenced by Mr. George D. Welles for the petitioner, and
continued by Mr. G. Ray Craig for the respondent.
Adjourned until tomorrow at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Friday, January 19, will be as follows: Nos. 290,
293, 294, 308, 311 (and 312), 325, and 343.
13563-34-49

FRIDAY, JANUARY 19, 1934
135
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: The Chief Justice, Mr. Justice Van Devanter, Mr. Jus-
tice Brandeis, Mr. Justice Butler, Mr. Justice Stone, Mr. Justice
Roberts, and Mr. Justice Cardozo.
Eldred N. Mahoney, of Washington, D.C.; R. Gray Williams, of
Winchester, Va.; John J. Malloy, of Washington, D.C.; Bernard L.
Sheridan, of Paola, Kans.; L. Robinson Maddox, of Washington,
D.C.; Aaron Kaufman, of Elizabeth, N.J.; Wm. I. Traeger, of Los
Angeles, Calif.; John H. Burke, of Long Beach, Calif.; Isidore G.
Stone, of Detroit, Mich.; Mark H. Birnkrant, of Detroit, Mich.;
and Leighton C. Taylor, of Washington, D.C., were admitted to
practice.
No. 290. Chase National Bank of the City of New York, Suc-
cessor Trustee etc., petitioner, v. The City of Norwalk, Ohio. Argu-
ment continued by Mr. G. Ray Craig and Mr. H. C. Laughlin for
the respondent, and concluded by Mr. George D. Welles for the
petitioner.
No. 293. Ernest C. Atkins, appellant, v. Hertz Drivurself Sta-
tions, Inc. Argument commenced by Mr. John P. McGrath for the
appellant. The Court declined to hear further argument.
No. 294. Kent-Coffey Manufacturing Company, appellant, v. A. J.
Maxwell, Commissioner of Revenue of the State of North Carolina.
Argument commenced by Mr. Mark Squires for the appellant; con-
tinued by Mr. Dennis G. Brummitt for the appellee; and concluded
by Mr. Samuel J. Ervin, Jr., for the appellant.
No. 308. Maxine Murray, on her own behalf, etc., petitioner, v.
Joe Gerrick & Company, et al. Argued by Mr. M. M. Doyle for the
petitioner, and by Mr. Roszel C. Thomsen and Mr. Walter L. Clark
for the respondent.
No. 311. Ida A. Van Dyke, petitioner, v. Guy T. Helvering, Com-
missioner of Internal Revenue; and
No. 312. Cleve W. Van Dyke, petitioner, v. Guy T. Helvering,
Commissioner of Internal Revenue. Argued by Mr. H. Brian Hol-
land for the respondent, and case submitted by Mr. R. A. Bartlett
and Mr. Wm. E. Brooks for the petitioner.
Adjourned until Monday, January 22, at 12 o'clock.
13563-34- -50
Х

MONDAY, JANUARY 22, 1934
136
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: The Chief Justice, Mr. Justice Van Devanter, Mr. Jus-
tice Brandeis, Mr. Justice Sutherland, Mr. Justice Butler, Mr. Jus-
tice Stone, Mr. Justice Roberts, and Mr. Justice Cardozo.
Carlyle Barton, of Baltimore, Md.; Henry A. Onofrio, of Brad-
ford, Pa.; Wm. N. Keeler, of Fresno, Calif.; Dewey Johnson Ed-
wards, of Washington, D.C.; Thomas Randolph Reyburn, of St.
Louis, Mo.; Herbert Alloway Huebner, of Forest Hills, N.Y.; Edwin
W. Hunter, of South Bend, Ind.; W. H. Poe, of Orlando, Fla.; Rice
Lardner, of Garnett, Kans.; Joseph H. Schneider, of Little Rock,
Ark.; P. L. Robinson, of Little Rock, Ark.; and W. P. Dumas, of
Dallas, Tex., were admitted to practice.
The Chief Justice announced the following orders of the Court:
No. 399. National Linen Service Corporation, trading as Rich-
mond Linen Supply Company, appellant, v. City of Lynchburg,
Virginia, its Mayor, et al. Appeal from the Supreme Court of
Appeals of the State of Virginia. Per curiam: Judgment affirmed.
State Board of Tax Commissioners v. Jackson, 283 U.S. 527, 537;
Ohio Oil Co. v. Conway, 281 U.S. 146, 159; Brown-Forman Co. v.
Kentucky, 217 U.S. 563, 573; Lawrence v. State Tax Commission,
286 U.S. 276, 283, 284.
No. 293. Ernest C. Atkins, appellant, v. Hertz Drivurself Sta-
tions, Inc. Appeal from the Supreme Court of the State of New
York. Per curiam: Judgment affirmed. Magoun v. Illinois Trust
& Savings Bank, 170 U.S. 283, 293–301; Quong Wing v. Kirkendall,
223 U.S. 59, 62, 63; Packard v. Banton, 264 U.S. 140, 144; Silver v.
Silver, 280 U.S. 117, 122–124; Hardware Dealers Mutual Fire Ins.
Co. v. Glidden, 284 U.S. 151, 158; Hodge Drive-It Yourself Co. v.
Cincinnati, 284 U.S. 335, 338; Lawrence v. State Tax Commission,
286 U.S. 276, 283, 284; Continental Baking Co. v. Woodring, 286 U.S.
352, 373; Sproles v. Binford, 286 U.S. 374, 396.
No. 294. Kent-Coffey Manufacturing Company, appellant, v. A.
J. Maxwell, Commissioner of Revenue of the State of North Carolina.
13563-34-51

MONDAY, JANUARY 22, 1934
137
Appeal from the Supreme Court of the State of North Carolina.
Per curiam: This case is controlled by the decision in Underwood
Typewriter Co. v. Chamberlain, 254 U.S. 113, and not by the decision
in Hans Rees' Sons v. North Carolina, 283 U.S. 123. The judgment
is affirmed.
No. 311. Ida A. Van Dyke, petitioner, v. Guy T. Helvering, Com-
missioner of Internal Revenue; and
No. 312. Cleve W. Van Dyke, petitioner, v. Guy T. Helvering,
Commissioner of Internal Revenue. On writs of certiorari to the
United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit. Per
curiam: Judgments affirmed. Burnet v. Clark, 287 U.S. 410; Dalton
v. Bowers, 287 U.S. 404.
The Chief Justice said:
"The other orders of the Court appear upon the list certified
to by the Chief Justice and filed with the Clerk and will not be
announced orally."
No., original. Ralph Marks, petitioner. The motion for leave
to file petition for writ of habeas corpus is denied.
No. 710. Willie Peterson, petitioner, v. The State of Alabama.
On petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of the State
of Alabama. The motion for leave to proceed further herein in
forma pauperis is denied, for the reason that the Court, upon ex-
amination of the papers herein submitted, finds no ground upon
which the petition for writ of certiorari should be granted. The
petition for writ of certiorari is therefore also denied.
No. 655. Roland Boynton, Attorney General of the State of
Kansas, petitioner, v. The Hutchinson Gas Company. On petition
for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of the State of Kansas.
The Court desires to hear argument upon the questions presented
by the petition for writ of certiorari. Action upon the petition will
be withheld meanwhile, and the petition is set down for oral argu-
ment on Monday, February 12, next, after the cases heretofore
assigned for that day.
No. 660. Annie Sauder, Administratrix of the Estate of Philip
Sauder, deceased, et al., petitioners, v. Mid-Continent Petroleum
Corporation. The petition for writ of certiorari to the United
States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Tenth Circuit is granted.
No. 652. St. Louis-San Francisco Railway Company, petitioner,
v. J. H. McCommon. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme
Court of the State of Arkansas denied.

MONDAY, JANUARY 22, 1934
138
No. 653. New Amsterdam Casualty Company, petitioner, v. The
United States of America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Third Circuit denied.
No. 658. John O. Bender, John F. Bender, et al., petitioners, v.
Theodore P. Lamb. Petition for writ of certiorari to the District
Court of Appeal, Fourth Appellate District, State of California,
denied.
No. 661. William Downey and John F. Gallagher, petitioners, v.
Frank G. Hale, Lieutenant Detective, etc. Petition for writ of cer-
tiorari to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the First
Circuit denied.
No. 670. James J. McCormick, petitioner, v. The United States
of America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Circuit Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit denied.
No. 671. Munson Inland Water Lines, Inc., as Charterer of the
Steam Barge "Albany ", etc., petitioner, v. Wilhelm Kunkel. Peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of
Appeals for the Second Circuit denied.
No. 676. Continental Illinois National Bank and Trust Company
of Chicago, Trustee, etc., petitioner, v. The United States of Amer-
ica. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit
Court of Appeals for the Seventh Circuit denied.
No. 693. United States Fidelity and Guaranty Company, peti-
tioner, v. W. K. Howard, Receiver of First National Bank of San-
dersville. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Cir-
cuit Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 602. Charles R. Archerd, appellant, v. The State of Oregon.
Time within which to file petition for a rehearing extended to and
including February 9th next. Leave granted to present petition for
rehearing in typewritten form, and Mandate stayed pending action
on the petition for rehearing on motion of Mr. Samuel W. McIntosh
in behalf of counsel for the appellant.
Adjourned until Monday, February 5, at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Monday, February 5, will be as follows: Nos. 89,
509, 106, 295, 298, 325, 428, 343, 349, and 355.
Х

MONDAY, FEBRUARY 5, 1934
139
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: The Chief Justice, Mr. Justice Van Devanter, Mr. Jus-
tice McReynolds, Mr. Justice Brandeis, Mr. Justice Sutherland,
Mr. Justice Butler, Mr. Justice Stone, Mr. Justice Roberts, and
Mr. Justice Cardozo.
Samuel Zirn, of New York City; Robert M. Hair, of Cincinnati,
Ohio; Milner F. Little, of Cincinnati, Ohio; Squire R. Ogden, of
Louisville, Ky.; David L. Samuels, of New York City; Harry N.
Connaughton, of Washington, D.C.; Edmund H. Parry, Jr., of
Washington, D.C.; Oscar W. Giese, of Minneapolis, Minn.; John
P. Rice, of Dallas, Tex.; William T. Van Alstyne, of New York
City; Justin C. Daspit, of Baton Rouge, La.; Henry S. McCluskey,
of Phoenix, Ariz.; Samuel H. Morris, of Globe, Ariz.; Bryan F.
Williams, of Galveston, Tex.; Robert J. Pleus, of Orlando, Fla.;
Morris Fromkin, of Milwaukee, Wis.; J. F. Finlay, of Chattanooga,
Tenn.; and Weaver E. Gore, of Jackson, Miss., were admitted to
practice.
No. 239. Hartford Accident & Indemnity Company and Aetna
Casualty & Surety Company, appellants, v. N. O. Nelson Manufac-
facturing Company, Assignee. Appeal from the Supreme Court of
the State of Mississippi. Decree affirmed with costs. Opinion by
Mr. Justice Cardozo.
No. 13, original. State of New Jersey, complainant, v. State of
Delaware. Opinion confirming report of Special Master announced
by Mr. Justice Cardozo.
No. 308. Maxine Murray, on her own behalf and as Guardian ad
litem of Maxine Lois Murray, a Minor, petitioner, v. Joe Gerrick &
Company, Industrial Brown Hoist Corporation, R. W. Kaltenbach
Corporation, et al. On writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of
the State of Washington. Judgment affirmed with costs. Opinion
by Mr. Justice Roberts.
No. 505. Manhattan Properties, Inc., petitioner, v. Irving Trust
Company, as Trustee in Bankruptcy of Oliver A. Olson Co., Inc.,
and
No. 506. Samuel R. Brown, Almira B. Millard, et al., petitioners,
v. Irving Trust Company, as Trustee in Bankruptcy of United Cigar
Stores Company. On writs of certiorari to the United States Cir-
13563-34 - 52

MONDAY, FEBRUARY 5, 1934
140
cuit Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit. Judgments affirmed
with costs, and cases remanded to the District Court of the United
States for the Southern District of New York. Opinion by Mr.
Justice Roberts.
No. 656. Wilbur F. Booth v. The United States; and
No. 657. Charles F. Amidon v. The United States. On certificates
from the Court of Claims. Questions answered in the affirmative.
Opinion by Mr. Justice Roberts.
No. 364. The Pacific Telephone and Telegraph Company, ap-
pellant, v. The City of Seattle and Harry W. Carroll, as Comptroller,
etc. Appeal from the Supreme Court of the State of Washington.
Judgment affirmed with costs. Opinion by Mr. Justice Stone.
No. 194. Federal Trade Commission, petitioner, v. R. F. Keppel &
Brother, Inc. On writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit
Court of Appeals for the Third Circuit. Decree reversed, and case
remanded to the said Circuit Court of Appeals for further proceed-
ings in conformity with the opinion of this Court. Opinion by Mr.
Justice Stone.
-
No. , original. State of Alabama, complainant, v. State of
Arizona, et al. Motion for leave to file bill of complaint denied.
Opinion by Mr. Justice Butler. Mr. Justice Stone concurs in the
result.
No. 6. Local 167 of the International Brotherhood of Teamsters,
Chauffeurs, etc., et al., appellants, v. The United States of America.
Appeal from the District Court of the United States for the Southern
District of New York. Decree affirmed. Opinion by Mr. Justice
Butler.
No. 224. The United States, petitioner, v. Provident Trust Com-
pany, as Administrator of the estate of George Theodore Roberts,
deceased. On writ of certiorari to the Court of Claims. Judgment
affirmed. Opinion by Mr. Justice Sutherland.
No. 128. The Texas & Pacific Railway Company, petitioner, v.
S. O. Pottorff, Receiver of the First National Bank of El Paso, Texas.
On writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals
for the Fifth Circuit. Decree affirmed with costs, and cause re-
manded to the District Court of the United States for the Western
District of Texas. Opinion by Mr. Justice Brandeis.
No. 400. City of Marion, Illinois, a Municipal Corporation; Con-
tinental Illinois Bank and Trust Company, et al., petitioners, v. Ben
Sneeden, as Receiver of the City National Bank of Herrin, Illinois.
On writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals
for the Seventh Circuit. Decree affirmed with costs, and cause re-
manded to the District Court of the United States for the Eastern
District of Illinois. Opinion by Mr. Justice Brandeis.

I
MONDAY, FEBRUARY 5, 1934
141
No. 347. Standard Oil Company of California, appellant, v. The
People of the State of California. Appeal from the Supreme Court
of the State of California. Judgment reversed with costs, and
cause remanded to the said Supreme Court for further proceedings
not inconsistent with the opinion of this Court. Opinion by Mr.
Justice McReynolds.
No. 173. James B. Moore, petitioner, v. The Chesapeake & Ohio
Railway Company. On writ of certiorari to the United States Cir-
cuit Court of Appeals for the Seventh Circuit. Judgment reversed
with costs, and cause remanded to the said Circuit Court of Ap-
peals for further proceedings in conformity with the opinion of this
Court. Opinion by Mr. Chief Justice Hughes.
No. 659. The United States of America, appellant, v. Claude
Chambers and Byrum Gibson. Appeal from the District Court of
the United States for the Middle District of North Carolina. Judg-
ment affirmed. Opinion by Mr. Chief Justice Hughes.
No. 274. Clark's Ferry Bridge Company, appellant, v. The Public
Service Commission of the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania. Ap-
peal from the Superior Court of the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania.
Judgment affirmed with costs. Opinion by Mr. Chief Justice
Hughes.
The Chief Justice said:
"The orders of the Court appear upon the list certified to by the
Chief Justice and filed with the Clerk and will not be announced
orally."
No. 731. Michael J. Healy, Chief of Police of Manchester, N.H.,
appellant, v. Louis D. Ratta. In this case probable jurisdiction is
noted. The attention of counsel is directed to the question, among
the other questions presented by the appeal, whether the amount in
controversy is such as to sustain the jurisdiction of the District
Court.
No. 597. Robert J. McKnett, petitioner, v. St. Louis & San Fran-
cisco Railway Company. Motion to dismiss denied.
No. 732. Abraham Somerman, Max Markowitz, Nathan Mansdorf,
et al., petitioners, v. The United States of America. On petition
for writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals
for the Second Circuit. The motion for leave to proceed further
herein in forma pauperis is denied, for the reason that the Court,
upon examination of the papers herein submitted, finds no ground
upon which a writ of certiorari should be granted. The petition
for writ of certiorari is therefore also denied.

MONDAY, FEBRUARY 5, 1934
142
No. 734. Lewis Reynolds, petitioner, v. The United States. On
petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Claims. The motion
for leave to proceed further herein in forma pauperis on petition for
writ of certiorari is granted.
No. 689. Guy T. Helvering, Commissioner of Internal Revenue,
petitioner, v. The Independent Life Insurance Company. Petition
for writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals
for the Sixth Circuit granted.
No. 709. Eastman Kodak Company, et al., petitioners, v. Charles
B. Gray. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit
Court of Appeals for the Third Circuit granted.
No. 722. Rockford Life Insurance Company, petitioner, v. Com-
missioner of Internal Revenue. 、 Petition for writ of certiorari to
the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Seventh Circuit
granted and the case assigned for argument immediately following
No. 689.
No. 681. Alfred E. Clegg, as Ancillary Executor of the Estate
of Henry F. Kerr, deceased, petitioner, v. Frank Collis Bowers, as
Executor of the estate of Frank K. Bowers, deceased, formerly
United States Collector of Internal Revenue, etc.; and
No. 682. Alfred E. Clegg, petitioner, v. Frank Collis Bowers, as
Executor of the Estate of Frank K. Bowers, deceased, formerly
United States Collector of Internal Revenue, etc. Petition for writs
of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the
Second Circuit denied. The Chief Justice took no part in the con-
sideration or decision of this application.
No. 606. Fred M. Harden, et al., in their own behalf and in behalf
of all other Stockholders of the Balatoc Mining Company, peti-
tioners, v. Benguet Consolidated Mining Co. et al. Petition for writ
of certiorari to the Supreme Court of the Philippine Islands denied.
No. 616. Crawford County Trust and Savings Bank, Trustee, peti-
tioner, v. Crawford County, Iowa, et al.;
No. 617. Farmers State Bank of Dow City, Iowa, etc., et al., peti-
tioners, v. Crawford County, Iowa, et al.; and
No. 618. Crawford County Trust and Savings Bank of Dennison,
Iowa, petitioner, v. Crawford County, Iowa, et al. Petitions for
writs of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for
the Eighth Circuit denied.
No. 625. Charles H. Wiltsie, petitioner, v. The United States.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Claims denied.
No. 668. Max B. Shubin and Sara C. Shubin, on behalf of Reliable
Coal Company, petitioners, v. Guy T. Helvering, Commissioner of
Internal Revenue. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United
States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Third Circuit denied.

MONDAY, FEBRUARY 5, 1934
143
No. 678. The Louisville Trust Company, petitioner, v. National
Bank of Kentucky and A. M. Anderson, Receiver, etc. Petition for
writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for
the Sixth Circuit denied.
No. 691. The Bank of United States and Fletcher G. Crane, peti-
tioners, v. William R. Cuthbertson, Trustee in Bankruptcy of the
Estate of Charlotte Hotel Company, bankrupt. Petition for writ of
certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the
Fourth Circuit denied.
No. 695. Sully C. Pecot, petitioner, v. The People of the State of
New York. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Special
Sessions of the City of New York, State of New York, denied.
No. 673. Glenn Snyder, by La Vare Snyder, his Guardian ad
Litem, petitioner, v. National Union Indemnity Company. Petition
for writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals
for the Tenth Circuit denied.
No. 683. Norwich Union Fire Insurance Society, Ltd., et al., peti-
tioners, v. Fannie Cohn. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United
States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Tenth Circuit denied.
No. 684. C. J. Rockwood, as Receiver of W. B. Foshay Company,
petitioner, v. Wilbur B. Foshay and Henry H. Henley; and
No. 685. C. J. Rockwood, as Receiver of W. B. Foshay Company,
petitioner, v. Wilbur B. Foshay and Henry H. Henley. Petition
for writs of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals
for the Eighth Circuit denied.
No. 686. Aluminum Company of America, petitioner, v. The
United States of America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Third Circuit denied.
No. 688. Midway Chemical Company, petitioner, v. O'Cedar Cor-
poration; and
No. 699. F. W. Woolworth Company, et al., petitioners, v. O'Cedar
Corporation. Petitions for writs of certiorari to the United States
Circuit Court of Appeals for the Seventh Circuit denied.
No. 692. Harry W. Meeham, Trustee, petitioner, v. Commonwealth
of Massachusetts. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United
States Circuit Court of Appeals for the First Circuit denied.
No. 713. The United States, petitioner, v. Manufacturers Aircraft
Association, Inc. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of
Claims denied.
No. original. Ex Parte: United Engineering and Foundry
Company, petitioner. Motion for leave to file petition for writ of
mandamus submitted by Mr. Melville Church for the petitioner.
10

MONDAY, FEBRUARY 5, 1934
144
No. -, original. The Principality of Monaco, plaintiff, v. The
State of Mississippi. Return to the rule to show cause presented.
No. 672. The National Refining Company et al., petitioners, v.
Pennsylvania Petroleum Company. Motion to strike brief of re-
spondent from files submitted by Mr. I. J. Ringolsky and Mr.
Harry L. Jacobs for the petitioners.
No. 705. The United States of America, on relation of Oscar E.
Voigt, petitioner, v. H. E. L. Toombs, United States Marshal for
the Southern District of Texas. On petition for writ of certiorari
to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Fifth Cir-
☐ cuit. Petition for writ of certiorari dismissed on motion of counsel
for the petitioner.
No. 741. Edwin J. Miller, as Executor, etc., et al., petitioners, v.
Security First National Bank of Los Angeles, Trustee, etc. Motion
to dispense with printing of record submitted by Mr. Will R. King
for the petitioners.
No. 106. W. D. Sanders, petitioner, v. Armour Fertilizer Works
and National Fire Insurance Company. Submitted by Mr. Thomas
D. Gresham for the petitioner, by Mr. Mark McMahon and Mr.
Chas. J. Faulkner, Jr., for the respondent, Armour Fertilizer
Works, and by Mr. George S. Wright for the respondent, National
Fire Insurance Co.
No. 89. Life & Casualty Insurance Company, appellant, v. Ossie
McCray; and
No. 509. Life & Casualty Insurance Company of Tennessee, ap-
pellant, v. Albert Barefield. Argued by Mr. Moreau P. Estes for the
appellant and case submitted by Mr. Joseph M. Hill and Mr. Henry
L. Fitzhugh for the appellee in No. 89. No appearance for the
appellee in No. 509.
No. 295. Florence Samuels Landress, petitioner, v. Phoenix Mutual
Life Insurance Company and Travelers Insurance Company. Ar-
gued by Mr. William L. Frierson for the petitioner, by Mr. Vaughn
Miller for the respondent, Phoenix Mutual Life Insurance Com-
pany; and by Mr. J. F. Finlay for respondent, Travelers Insurance
Company.
No. 298. S. M. Nickey, W. E. Nickey, et al., appellants, v. The
State of Mississippi. Argument commenced by Mr. W. E. Gore for
the appellants.
Adjourned until tomorrow at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Tuesday, February 6, will be as follows: Nos.
298, 325, 428, 349, 343, 355, 358, 361, 363, and 422.
☑

TUESDAY, FEBRUARY 6, 1934
145
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: The Chief Justice, Mr. Justice Van Devanter, Mr. Jus-
tice McReynolds, Mr. Justice Brandeis, Mr. Justice Sutherland, Mr.
Justice Butler, Mr. Justice Stone, Mr. Justice Roberts, and Mr.
Justice Cardozo.
Edith S. Sampson, of Chicago, Ill.; Aubrey H. Bell, of Green-
wood, Miss.; Ernest J. Goppert, of Cody, Wyo., Edgar N. Eisen-
hower, of Tacoma, Wash.; Rufus J. Lackland, of Fort Worth. Tex.;
Victor A. Sachse, of Baton Rouge, La.; J. G. Driscoll, Jr., of San
Diego, Calif.; Arch E. Ekdale, of San Pedro, Calif.; Ambrose E.
Kountz, of Pittsburgh, Penna.; and William Albert McClellan, of
Muncie, Ind., were admitted to practice.
No. 298. S. M. Nickey, W. E. Nickey, et al., appellants, v. The
State of Mississippi. Argument continued by Mr. W. E. Gore for
the appellants, and concluded by Mr. J. A. Lauderdale for the
appellee.
No. 325. Inger Juliane Hansen, petitioner, v. Edward L. Haff,
Acting Commissioner of Immigration for the Port of San Francisco.
Argued by Mr. Roger O'Donnell for the petitioner, and by Mr.
Assistant Attorney General Sweeney for the respondent.
No. 428. H. Chassaniol et al., appellants, v. City of Greenwood.
Argued by Mr. Edward W. Smith for the appellants, and by Mr.
J. A. Lauderdale and Mr. A. H. Bell for the appellees.
No. 349. Guy T. Helvering, Commissioner of Internal Revenue,
petitioner, v. American Chicle Company. Argued by Mr. Erwin N.
Griswold for the petitioner, and by Mr. Wm. C. Breed for the
respondent.
Adjourned until tomorrow at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Wednesday, February 7, will be as follows: Nos.
343, 355, 358, 361, 363, 422, 429, 435, 477, and 342.
13563-34-53

WEDNESDAY, FEBRUARY 7, 1934
146
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: The Chief Justice, Mr. Justice McReynolds, Mr. Justice
Brandeis, Mr. Justice Sutherland, Mr. Justice Butler, Mr. Justice
Stone, Mr. Justice Roberts, and Mr. Justice Cardozo.
Thomas W. Lain, of Galveston, Tex.; Lynn Watson Ferris, of
Mount Pleasant, Mich.; Edward R. Adams, of Chicago, Ill.; Robert
W. Wales, of Chicago, Ill.; Frank P. Farrell, of Medford, Oreg.;
Cyrus B. Frost, of Eastland, Tex.; Earl Conner, of Eastland, Tex.;
Clarence B. Heiserman, of Haverford, Pa.; William L. Kinter, of
Philadelphia, Pa.; Harry Kirshbaum, of New York City; Wallace
W. Brown, of West Hartford, Conn.; and Guernsey Orcutt, of Pitts-
burgh, Pa., were admitted to practice.
-
No. The United States of America, Interstate Commerce Com-
mission et al., appellants, v. State of Ohio and Public Utilities Com-
mission of Ohio et al.; and
No. The United States of America, Interstate Commerce Com-
mission et al., appellants, v. The Wheeling & Lake Erie Railway
Company et al. Motion to abate the stay order of the District Court
entered in these cases submitted by Mr. Frederic D. McKenney for
the appellants in support of the motion, with leave to appellees to
file an opposition thereto by Thursday next on motion of Mr. Clan
Crawford in that behalf.
No. 343. Hamburg-American Line, petitioner, v. The United
States of America. Argued by Mr. Roger O'Donnell for the peti-
tioner, and by Mr. J. W. Morris for the respondent.
No. 355. Trinityfarm Construction Company, appellant, v. Alice
Lee Grosjean, Supervisor of Public Accounts for the State of Louisi-
ana. Argument commenced by Mr. D. K. Woodward, Jr., for the
appellant; continued by Mr. Peyton R. Sandoz and Mr. Justin C.
Daspit for the appellee; and concluded by Mr. Victor A. Sachse for
the appellant.
No. 358. L. J. Bosworth, Receiver of the McCartney National
Bank of Green Bay, Wisconsin, petitioner, v. Continental Illinois
Bank and Trust Company. Argued by Mr. Edward R. Adams for
13563-34-54

WEDNESDAY, FEBRUARY 7, 1934
147
the petitioner, and case submitted by Mr. Isaac H. Mayer and Mr.
David F. Rosenthal for the respondent.
No. 361. Interstate Commerce Commission, petitioner, v. The
Pennsylvania Railroad Company and Pennsylvania Company.
Argument commenced by Mr. Daniel W. Knowlton for the petitioner.
Adjourned until tomorrow at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Thursday, February 8, will be as follows: Nos.
361, 363, 422, 429, 477, 547, 342, 419, 421, and 435.

Х
THURSDAY, FEBRUARY 8, 1934
148
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: The Chief Justice, Mr. Justice McReynolds, Mr. Justice
Brandeis, Mr. Justice Sutherland, Mr. Justice Butler, Mr. Justice
Stone, Mr. Justice Roberts, and Mr. Justice Cardozo.
Goldsmith B. Oliver, Jr., of Corning, Ark.; Harry R. Jones, of
Houston, Tex.; Ralph W. Doty, of Toledo, Ohio; Moses S. Huber-
man, of New York City; Joseph Walsh McAuliffe, of Battle Creek,
Mich.; Robert M. Heth, of Washington, D.C.; and Benj. F. J. Odell,
of Chicago, Ill., were admitted to practice.
No. 361. Interstate Commerce Commission, petitioner, v. The
Pennsylvania Railroad Company and Pennsylvania Company.
Argument continued by Mr. Daniel W. Knowlton for the petitioner,
and concluded by Mr. Henry Wolf Bikle for the respondents.
No. 363. The Arrow-Hart & Hegeman Electric Company, peti-
tioner, v. Federal Trade Commission. Argued by Mr. Charles
Neave for the petitioner, and by Mr. Solicitor General Biggs for the
respondent.
No. 422. The United States of America, Interstate Commerce
Commission, et al., appellants, v. Illinois Central Railroad Com-
pany, et al. Argument commenced by Mr. Assistant Solicitor Gen-
eral MacLean for appellants, the United States and Interstate
Commerce Commission.
Adjourned until tomorrow at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Friday, February 9, will be as follows: Nos. 422,
429, 477, 342, 419, 421, 435, 449, 515, and 498.
13563-34-55

FRIDAY, FEBRUARY 9, 1934
149
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: The Chief Justice, Mr. Justice Van Devanter, Mr. Justice
McReynolds, Mr. Justice Brandeis, Mr. Justice Sutherland, Mr.
Justice Butler, Mr. Justice Stone, Mr. Justice Roberts, and Mr.
Justice Cardozo.
Elmer A. Smith, of Chicago, Ill.; J. A. Heder, of Bismarck, N.D.,
and A. Lewis Oswald, of Hutchinson, Kans., were admitted to
practice.
No. 422. The United States of America, Interstate Commerce
Commission, et al., appellants, v. Illinois Central Railroad Com-
pany, et al. Argument continued by Mr. Assistant Solicitor General
MacLean for the appellants, the United States and Interstate Com-
merce Commission; by Mr. R. S. Outlaw and Mr. H. H. Larimore
for the appellees; and concluded by Mr. A. K. Shipe, for the
appellants, American Barge Line Co., et al.
No. 429. The Travelers Protective Association of America, peti-
tioner, v. Uluetta Prinsen. Argued by Mr. Emmett M. Bagley for
the petitioner, and by Mr. Joseph H. Peterson for the respondent.
No. 477. Noah Best, Administrator of the Estate of Albert Ed-
ward Best, Deceased, petitioner, v. District of Columbia. Argued
by Mr. John H. Burnett for the petitioner, and by Mr. Robert E.
Lynch for the respondent.
Adjourned until Monday next at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Monday, February 12, will be as follows: Nos.
19 original, 663, 655, 342, 419, 421, 435, 449, 515, and 498.
13563-34-56

MONDAY, FEBRUARY 12, 1934
150
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: The Chief Justice, Mr. Justice Van Devanter, Mr. Jus-
tice McReynolds, Mr. Justice Brandeis, Mr. Justice Sutherland,
Mr. Justice Butler, Mr. Justice Stone, Mr. Justice Roberts, and
Mr. Justice Cardozo.
Kirke W. Dale, of Arkansas City, Kan.; John H. Moran, of
Boston, Mass.; Samuel Gottlieb, of Boston, Mass.; Murtha J. Hack-
ett, of Saint Louis, Mo.; Wm. Hart Sibley, of Marietta, Ga.; Clar-
ence G. Ashby, of Jacksonville, Fla.; John F. Garvin, of Washing-
ton, D.C.; Graham K. Betts, of Seattle, Wash.; E. Chas. Eichen-
baum, of Little Rock, Ark.; Don R. Carrigan, of Port Huron, Mich.;
and H. Leonard DeKalb, of Lewistown, Mont., were admitted to
practice.
No. 171. The United States, petitioner, v. Jefferson Electric
Manufacturing Company. On writ of certiorari to the Court of
Claims;
No. 196. American Chain Company, Inc., petitioner, v. Robert O.
Eaton, Collector of Internal Revenue, District of Connecticut. On
writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals
for the Second Circuit; and
No. 329. C. F. Routzahn, Collector of Internal Revenue of the
United States for the Eighteenth District of Ohio, petitioner, v.
Willard Storage Battery Company. On writ of certiorari to the
United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Sixth Circuit. In
No. 171, judgment reversed and cause remanded to the Court of
Claims for a new trial and full and specific findings. In No. 196,
judgments of the District Court and Circuit Court of Appeals
reversed with costs, and cause remanded to the District Court of
the United States for the District of Connecticut with direction to
vacate its findings and grant a new trial in each suit. In No. 329,
judgments of the District Court and Circuit Court of Appeals
reversed with costs and cause remanded to the District Court of the
United States for the Northern District of Ohio with directions
to set aside the findings, and to sustain the motion to dismiss―but
without prejudice to the exercise by that court of its discretion in
permitting amendments of the petitions. Opinion by Mr. Justice
Van Devanter.
13563-34--57

MONDAY, FEBRUARY 12, 1934
151
The Chief Justice announced the following orders of the Court:
No. 358. L. J. Bosworth, Receiver of The McCartney National
Bank of Green Bay, Wisconsin, petitioner, v. Continental Illinois
Bank and Trust Company. On writ of certiorari to the United
States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Seventh Circuit. Per
curiam: Judgment reversed. Dakin v. Bayly, 290 U.S. (de-
cided November 20, 1933).
_
No. 740. State of Ohio, ex rel. LeRoy E. Eastman, appellant, v.
Roy R. Stuart, Scott C. Stahl, James S. Martin, et al, etc. Appeal
from the Supreme Court of the State of Ohio. Per curiam: The
appeal herein is dismissed for the reason that the judgment sought
here to be reviewed is based upon a non-federal ground adequate to
support it. Yesler v. Washington Harbor Line Commissioners, 146
U.S. 646, 657; Farson Son & Co. v. Bird, 248 U.S. 268, 271; Doyle v.
Atwell, 261 U.S. 590; Howat v. Kansas, 258 U.S. 181, 189, 190;
McCoy v. Shaw, 277 U.S. 302, 303.
No. 753. Catherine McCormack Craft, H. J. McCormack, and
P. R. McCormack, appellants v. J. E. Hirsh. Appeal from the
Supreme Court of the State of Alabama. Per curiam: The appeal
herein is dismissed for the want of jurisdiction. Sec. 237(a) Ju-
dicial Code as amended by the Act of February 13, 1925 (43 Stat.
936, 937). Treating the papers whereon the appeal was allowed
as a petition for writ of certiorari, as required by sec. 237 (c),
Judicial Code, as amended (43 Stat. 936, 938), certiorari is denied.
No. The United States et al., appellants v. State of Ohio,
et al.; and
-
No. The United States, et al., appellants v. The Wheeling &
Lake Erie Railway Company, et al. On consideration of the motion
of the defendants and cross-appellants in the above entitled causes,
it is ordered that the orders of the District Court, entered in these
causes on January 19, 1934, be and the same are hereby vacated
in so far as they stay the operation and enforcement of the order
of the Interstate Commerce Commission. Virginian Railway Com-
pany v. The United States, 272 U.S. 658, 672–675.
The Chief Justice said:
"The other orders of the Court appear upon the list certified to
by the Chief Justice and filed with the Clerk and will not be
announced orally.”"
No. 751. Leslie Beard, petitioner, v. A. C. Aderhold, Warden,
U.S. Penitentiary, Atlanta, Georgia. On petition for writ of cer-

MONDAY, FEBRUARY 12, 1934
152
tiorari to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Fifth
Circuit. The motion for leave to proceed further herein in forma
pauperis is denied for the reason that the Court, upon examination
of the papers herein submitted finds no ground upon which a writ
of certiorari should be granted. The petition for writ of certiorari
is therefore also denied.
No. , original. Principality of Monaco, plaintiff v. State of
Mississippi. This cause is assigned for argument on the rule and
return on Monday, March 5, next.
No. 741. Edwin J. Miller, as Executor of the last will and testa-
ment of Walter Eden, deceased, et al., petitioners, v. Security First
National Bank of Los Angeles, Trustee, etc. On petition for writ
of certiorari to the Supreme Court of the State of California. The
motion of petitioners to dispense with the printing of the record is
granted. Upon consideration of the petition and brief, and upon
examination of the certified record, the Court finds no ground upon
which a writ of certiorari should be granted, and the petition there-
for is accordingly denied.
No. 672. The National Refining Company, et al., petitioners, v.
Pennsylvania Petroleum Company. On petition for writ of cer-
tiorari to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Eighth
Circuit. On consideration of the motion of counsel for the peti-
tioners, it is ordered that the passage in respondent's brief, at pages
50 to 53 thereof, of which complaint is made, be and it is hereby
stricken from the files. National Surety Co. v. Jarvis, 278 U.S. 610,
611. The petition for writ of certiorari is denied.
No. 516. Illinois Central Railroad Company, petitioner, v. A. F.
Rawlings, Receiver of the Planters National Bank in Liquidation.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of
Appeals for the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 637. A. C. Schmidt, Trustee in Bankruptcy of National
Credit Clothing Company, petitioner, v. Lloyd Investment Company.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court
of Appeals for the Seventh Circuit denied.
No. 662. Michaud Realty Company, petitioner, v. Roy A. Hey-
mann, Chandler Hovey et al., etc. Petition for writ of certiorari
to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit
denied.
No. 680. L. M. Winn, Administrator of the Estate of Nannie Lee
Winn, deceased, petitioner, v. Consolidated Coach Corporation. Pe-
tition for writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of
Appeals for the Sixth Circuit denied.

MONDAY, FEBRUARY 12, 1934
153
No. 697. Coleman Furniture Corporation, petitioner, v. The Home
Insurance Company of New York. Petition for writ of certiorari
to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Fourth Circuit
denied.
No. 700. S. J. Sirmans, petitioner, v. L. E. Brock and G. L. Lyda.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of
Appeals for the Sixth Circuit denied.
No. 701. M. Coppard, Trustee in Bankruptcy of the Estate of
Joseph Howard LeSage, Bankrupt, petitioner, v. American Finance
Company of Galveston and Alamo National Bank. Petition for
writ of certiorari to the Court of Civil Appeals, 9th Supreme Judicial
District, State of Texas, denied.
No. 702. Henry P. Talmadge, Individually and as Sole Surviving
Partner of the Firm of Henry Talmadge & Company, petitioner, v.
United States Shipping Board Merchant Fleet Corporation. Peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of
Appeals for the Second Circuit denied.
No. 707. Frank Massey, petitioner, v. The United States of
America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit
Court of Appeals for the Seventh Circuit denied.
No. 708. John Hansen, petitioner, v. The United States of Amer-
ica. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit
Court of Appeals for the Seventh Circuit denied.
No. 714. Pan American Petroleum Corporation, petitioner, v..
State of Alabama. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United
States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 716. F. E. Buffum, as Trustee in Bankruptcy of Henry Joseph
Barceloux, Bankrupt, petitioner v. Cora Gelinas. Petition for writ
of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the
Ninth Circuit denied.
No. 720. Salvatore Moretti, petitioner, v. The United States of
America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit
Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit denied.
No. 723. Copal Mintz, petitioner, v. Irving Trust Company, as
Trustee in Bankruptcy of Evenod Perfumes, Inc., Bankrupt. Peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of
Appeals for Second Circuit denied.
No. 602. Charles R. Archerd, appellant, v. The State of Oregon.
Petition for rehearing denied.
No. 664. Della Schmeling, appellant, v. The F. W. Woolworth
Company. Petition for rehearing denied.

MONDAY, FEBRUARY 12, 1934
The Chief Justice also announced the following order:
ORDER
154
The Court will take a recess from Monday, February 19, to
Monday, March 5, next.
No. 779. The United States of America, appellant, v. Frederick
B. Campbell. Appeal from the District Court of the United States
for the Southern District of New York. Appeal dismissed, and
mandate granted on motion of Mr. Solicitor Biggs for the appellant.
No. 19, original. Ex Parte: L. W. Baldwin and Guy A. Thomp-
son, Trustees, et al., petitioners. Argument on the return to the
rule to show cause commenced by Mr. Robert H. Kelley for the
petitioners; continued by Mr. L. E. Blankenbecker for the respond-
ents; and concluded by Mr. Harry R. Jones for the petitioners.
No. 663. Charles E. Gay, Jr., Receiver of Savannah & Atlanta
Railway, petitioner, v. Major Ruff. Argument commenced by Mr.
Archibald B. Lovett for the petitioner, and continued by Mr. Thomas
W. Hardwick for the respondent.
Adjourned until tomorrow at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Tuesday, February 13, will be as follows: Nos.
663, 655, 342, 419, 421, 435, 449, 515, 498, and 561.

TUESDAY, FEBRUARY 13, 1934
155
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: The Chief Justice, Mr. Justice Van Devanter, Mr. Justice
McReynolds, Mr. Justice Brandeis, Mr. Justice Sutherland, Mr.
Justice Butler, Mr. Justice Stone, Mr. Justice Roberts, and Mr.
Justice Cardozo.
Samuel Earl Welch, of Antlers, Okla.; George Monk, of Wash-
ington, D.C.; Harold W. Norman, of Chicago, Ill.; Morris Cheston,
of Philadelphia, Pa.; Rouel Bridge Cook, of Davenport, Iowa;
Robert Brigham, of Philadelphia, Pa.; and Thomas Huser, of
Wewoka, Okla., were admitted to practice.
No. 663. Charles E. Gay, Jr., Receiver of Savannah & Atlanta
Railway, petitioner, v. Major Ruff. Argument concluded by Mr.
Thomas W. Hardwick for the respondent. Leave granted to file
supplemental briefs this week.
No. 655. Roland Boynton, Attorney General of the State of
Kansas, petitioner, v. The Hutchinson Gas Company. Argued on
petition for writ of certiorari by Mr. John G. Egan for the peti-
tioner, and by Mr. Robert Stone for the respondent.
No. 342. State of Florida, Eugene S. Matthews, et al., appellants,
v. The United States of America, Interstate Commerce Commission,
Georgia Public Service Commission et al. Three hours allowed
for oral argument. Argument commenced by Mr. Henry P. Adair
for the appellant, the Wilson Cypress Company; continued by Mr.
Theodore T. Turnbull for the appellants, the State of Florida and
Railroad Commission of Florida; by Mr. J. Stanley Payne for the
appellees, The United States and Interstate Commerce Commission;
by Mr. Robert C. Alston for the appellee, Atlantic Coast Line Rail-
road Company; and concluded by Mr. J. V. Norman for the appel-
lant, Wilson Lumber Company; and case submitted by Mr. F. C.
Hillyer and Mr. Julian E. Fant for the appellant, F. S. Buffum
Co., Inc.
No. 419. Globe Indemnity Company, petitioner, v. The United
States of America, to the use of Steacy-Schmidt Manufacturing
Company, Inc. Argument commenced by Mr. Frederick L. Ballard
for the petitioner.
Adjourned until tomorrow at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Wednesday, February 14, will be as follows: Nos.
419, 421, 435, 449, 515, 498, 561, 526, 547, and 565.
13563-34-58

WEDNESDAY, FEBRUARY 14, 1934
156
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: The Chief Justice, Mr. Justice Van Devanter, Mr. Justice
McReynolds, Mr. Justice Brandeis, Mr. Justice Sutherland, Mr. Jus-
tice Butler, Mr. Justice Stone, Mr. Justice Roberts, and Mr. Justice
Cardozo.
Edwin Farrand Livingston, of North Troy, Vt.; Thomas H.
Adams, of Detroit, Mich.; Thomas M. Carlson, of Richmond, Calif.;
Richard W. Younr, of Berkeley, Calif.; Leslie W. Irving, of Berke-
ley, Calif.; William Randolph Carpenter, of Marion, Kan.; Edward
R. Burke, of Omaha, Neb.; Sterling F. Mutz, of Lincoln, Neb.; J. P.
Mandl, of King City, Calif.; Chas. A. Carson, Jr., of Phoenix, Ariz.;
and James G. Nye, of Duluth, Minn., were admitted to practice.
No. , original, State of Arizona, complainant, v. State of
California, et al. Motion for leave to file bill to perpetuate testi-
mony submitted by Mr. Charles A. Carson for the complainant.
No. 419. Globe Indemnity Company, petitioner, v. The United
States of America, to the use of Steacy-Schmidt Manufacturing
Company, Inc. Argument continued by Mr. Frederic L. Ballard for
the petitioner, by Mr. Samuel W. Cooper for the respondent, and
concluded by Mr. Frederic L. Ballard for the petitioner.
No. 421. Joseph Falbo, petitioner, v. The United States of Amer-
ica. Argued by Mr. Graham K. Betts for the petitioner, and by
Mr. Will G. Beardslee for the respondent.
No. 435. Santos Miguel, petitioner, v. J. Raymond McCarl, Comp-
troller General of the United States, et al. Argument commenced
by Mr. Samuel T. Ansell for the petitioner, and continued by Mr.
Solicitor General Biggs for respondent, Frederick W. Coleman,
Chief of Finance, U.S. Army.
Adjourned until tomorrow at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Thursday, February 15, will be as follows: Nos.
435, 449, 515, 498, 561, 526, 547, 565, and 575.
13563-34-
-59
☑

THURSDAY, FEBRUARY 15, 1934
157
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: The Chief Justice, Mr. Justice Van Devanter, Mr. Justice
Brandeis, Mr. Justice Sutherland, Mr. Justice Butler, Mr. Justice
Stone, Mr. Justice Roberts, and Mr. Justice Cardozo.
Wilbur LaRoe, Jr., of Washington, D.C.; Thomas Harvey Hedge-
peth, of New Orleans, La.; J. Louis Kohl, of Cincinnati, Ohio;
Henry G. Van Veen, of New York City; Clarence W. Meadows, of
Beckley, W.Va.; and Carlton Custer Sanders, of Beckley, W.Va.,
were admitted to practice.
No. 435. Santos Miguel, petitioner, v. J. Raymond McCarl, Comp-
troller General of the United States, et al. Arguments continued
by Mr. Harrell O. Hoagland for the respondent, J. Raymond Mc-
Carl, Comptroller General of the United States, and concluded by
Mr. Samuel T. Ansell for the petitioner.
No. 449. E. W. Clark, as Receiver, petitioner, v. Harry O. Williard,
W. W. Wheaton, and C. W Hay, as Trustees, etc., et al. Argument
commenced by Mr. Reuel B. Cook for the petitioner; continued by
Mr. H. Leonard DeKalb for the respondents; and concluded by Mr.
Edmond M. Cook for the petitioner.
No. 515. Guy T. Helvering, Commissioner of Internal Revenue,
petitioner, v. The Newport Company. Argument commenced by Mr.
Erwin N. Griswold for the petitioner, and continued by Mr. Charles
F. Fawsett for the respondent.
Adjourned until tomorrow at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Friday, February 16, will be as follows: Nos.
515, 498, 561, 526, and 565.
13563-34-60

FRIDAY, FEBRUARY 16, 1934
158
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: The Chief Justice, Mr. Justice Van Devanter, Mr. Jus-
tice McReynolds, Mr. Justice Brandeis, Mr. Justice Sutherland, Mr.
Justice Butler, Mr. Justice Stone, Mr. Justice Roberts, and Mr.
Justice Cardozo.
Joseph J. Geary, of San Francisco, Calif.; Gordon C. Mack, of
Akron, Ohio; Frank E. Karelsen, Jr., of New York City; Geo. L.
Barnard, of Willmar, Minn.; Richard G. Waters, of Austin, Tex.;
Hamp P. Abney, Jr., of Fort Worth, Tex., and Hamp Parton Abney,
of Sherman, Tex., were admitted to practice.
No. 515. Guy T. Helvering, Commissioner of Internal Revenue,
petitioner, v. The Newport Company. Argument continued by Mr.
Charles F. Fawsett for the respondent, and concluded by Mr. Erwin
N. Griswold for the petitioner.
No. 498. The Federal Land Bank of Berkeley, petitioner, v.
Samuel S. Warner, et ux., et al. Argued by Mr. Peyton R. Evans for
the petitioner. No appearance for the respondents.
No. 561. International Milling Company, petitioner, v. Columbia
Transportation Company. Argued by Mr. James G. Nye for the
petitioner, and by Mr. Edgar W. MacPharran for the respondent.
No. 526. Ebba Pagel, Annie Corey, et al., petitioners, v. Edward
Pagel, as Administrator of the Estate of Jacob E. Hallbom, et al.
Argued by Mr. George L. Barnard for the petitioners, and by Mr.
Charles A. Swenson for the respondents.
Adjourned until Monday, February 19 next, at 12 o'clock.
13563-34-61

MONDAY, FEBRUARY 19, 1934
159
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: The Chief Justice, Mr. Justice Van Devanter, Mr.
Justice Brandeis, Mr. Justice Sutherland, Mr. Justice Butler, Mr.
Justice Stone, Mr. Justice Roberts, and Mr. Justice Cardozo.
R. Welton Whann, of Los Angeles, Calif.; Archie M. Smith, of
Pender, Nebr.; Linwood L. Brickhouse, of Little Rock, Ark.; Paul-
ine May Hoffmann, of Los Angeles, Calif.; Lloyd A. Faxon, of Chi-
cago, Ill.; Frederick W. Murphy, of New York City; Lounsbury D.
Bates, of Brooklyn, N.Y.; Dan H. Hughes, of Montrose, Colo.; Far-
rington R. Carpenter, of Hayden, Colo.; Geo. C. Mackay, of St.
Louis, Mo.; Walton H. Bachrach, of Cincinnati, Ohio; and Elmer
F Hunsicker, of Cincinnati, Ohio, were admitted to practice.
The Chief Justice announced the following orders of the Court:
No. 586. New York Telephone Company, appellant, v. Milo R.
Maltbie, George R. Van Namee, George R. Lunn, et al., etc. Appeal
from the District Court of the United States for the Southern Dis-
trict of New York. Per curiam: The District Court, specially con-
stituted as required by statute (28 U.S.C. 380), permanently en-
joined, as confiscatory, the enforcement of the rate orders which are
the subject of this suit. The injunction is unqualified. Appellant,
having obtained this relief, is not entitled to prosecute an appeal
from the decree in its favor, for the purpose of reviewing the por-
tions of the decree fixing the value of appellant's property as of the
years 1924, 1926, and 1928, and the rate of return to be allowed.
The matters set forth in these portions of the decree are not to be
regarded as res judicata in relation to subsequent legislative action
by the Public Service Commission in fixing rates for the future or
in any judicial proceeding relating to such rates. The motion to
dismiss the appeal is granted. Los Angeles Gas & Electric Cor-
poration v. Railroad Commission, 289 U.S. 287, 304, 305; State Cor-
poration Commission v. Wichita Gas Co., 290 U.S.- (decided Jan-
uary 8, 1934); Lewis v. United States, 216 U.S. 611, 612, 613; Anglo-
American Provision Co. v. Davis Provision Co., 191 U.S. 376, 377,
378; New Orleans v. Emsheimer, 181 U.S. 153, 154.
No. 421. Joseph Falbo, petitioner, v. The United States of Amer-
ica. On writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of
13563-34- -62

MONDAY, FEBRUARY 19, 1934
160
Appeals for the Ninth Circuit. Per curiam: Judgment affirmed.
Lumbra v. United States, 290 U.S. (decided January 8, 1934).
-
No. 748. Iuppa & Battle Company and Great American Indem-
nity Company, appellants, v. State Industrial Board of the State of
New York and John Dalberth. Appeal from the Supreme Court,
Appellate Division, State of New York. Per curiam: The appeal
herein is dismissed for the want of a substantial federal question.
Dahlstrom Metallic Door Co. v. Industrial Board of New York, 284
U.S. 594; Equitable Life Assurance Society v. Brown, 187 U.S. 308,
311; Wabash R.R. Co. v. Flannigan, 192 U.S. 29; Roe v. Kansas,
278 U.S. 191; American Baseball Club v. Philadelphia, 290 U.S.
No. 749. Miller Cabinet Company, appellant, v. State Industrial
Board of the State of New York and John Boscarino. Appeal from
the Supreme Court, Appellate Division, State of New York. Per
curiam: The appeal herein is dismissed for the want of a substan-
tial federal question. Dahlstrom Metallic Door Co. v. Industrial
Board of New York, 284 U.S. 594; Equitable Life Assurance Society
v. Brown, 187 U.S. 308, 311; Wabash R. R. Co. v. Flannigan, 192
U.S. 29; Roe v. Kansas, 278 U.S. 191; American Baseball Club v.
Philadelphia, 290 U.S.
The Chief Justice said:
66
The other orders of the Court appear upon the list certified to by
the Chief Justice and filed with the Clerk and will not be announced
orally."
No. 361. Interstate Commerce Commission, petitioner, v. The
Pennsylvania Railroad Company and Pennsylvania Company. This
case is restored to the docket and assigned for reargument on Mon-
day, March 5 next, after the case heretofore assigned for that day.
The court desires to hear further argument with respect to the con-
struction of the provision of Section 7 of the Clayton Act that "This
section shall not apply to corporations purchasing such stock solely
for investment and not using the same by voting or otherwise to
bring about, or in attempting to bring about, the substantial lessening
of competition ".
No., original. State of Arizona, complainant, v. State of Cali-
fornia et al. A rule is ordered to issue returnable on Monday, April
2 next, requiring the defendants to show cause why leave to file the
bill to perpetuate testimony should not be granted.
No., original. Ex Parte: Georgia M. Spruill, petitioner. Mo-
tion for leave to file petition for writ of enjoinder is denied.
-
No. In Re Disbarment of Maurice R. Woulfe. It having been
shown to the Court that Maurice R. Woulfe, a member of the Bar

MONDAY, FEBRUARY 19, 1934
161
of this Court, has been disbarred from the practice of the law by
the District Court of the United States for the Eastern District
of Louisiana,
It is ordered, pursuant to rule 2, paragraph 5 of the Rules of
this Court that the said Maurice R. Woulfe be, and he is hereby,
suspended from practice before this Court, and that he show cause,
by written return, within forty days of this date, why he should
not be disbarred from the further practice of the law before this
Court.
No. 13, original. State of New Jersey, complainant, v. State of
Delaware. An order is entered fixing the compensation and allowing
the expenses of the Special Master herein.
No. 771. Ernest Washington, petitioner, v. Charles Carter, Agent
for the State of Indiana. On petition for writ of certiorari to the
Court of Appeals of the District of Columbia. The motion for
leave to proced further herein in forma pauperis is denied for the
reason that the Court, upon examination of the papers herein sub-
mitted, finds no ground upon which a writ of certiorari should be
granted. The petition for writ of certiorari is therefore also denied.
No. 774. Dr. W. D. Hankins, petitioner, v. The United States of
America. On petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Circuit Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit. The motion for
leave to proceed further herein in forma pauperis is denied for the
reason that the Court, upon examination of the papers herein sub-
mitted finds no ground upon which a writ of certiorari should be
granted. The petition for writ of certiorari is therefore also denied.
No. 707. Frank Massey, petitioner, v. The United States of Amer-
ica. The order entered February 12 denying petition for writ of cer-
tiorari in this case is revoked. The petition for writ of certiorari
to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Seventh Cir-
cuit is granted, limited to the question presented upon the petition
for rehearing and the case is assigned for argument on Monday,
March 5 next, after the cases heretofore assigned for that day.
No. 655. Roland Boynton, Attorney General of the State of
Kansas, petitioner, v. The Hutchinson Gas Company. Petition for
writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of the State of Kansas
granted, and the case assigned for argument on Monday, March 5
next, after the cases heretofore assigned for that day.
No. 640. The United States, petitioner, v. United States Light &
Heat Corporation;
No. 641. The United States, petitioner, v. United States Light &
Heat Corporation; and
No. 642. The United States, petitioner, v. United States Light &
Heat Corporation. Petition for writs of certiorari to the Court of
Claims denied.

MONDAY, FEBRUARY 19, 1934
162
No. 643. The United States, petitioner, v. M. and M. Company.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Claims denied.
No. 644. The United States, petitioner, v. Englert Manufacturing
Company. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Claims
denied.
No. 645. The United States, petitioner, v. Universal Battery Com-
pany. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Claims denied.
No. 687. Morse Dry Dock & Repair Company, petitioner, v. The
United States. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Claims
denied.
No. 694. North Dakota-Montana Wheat Growers Association,
petitioner, v. The United States of America. Petition for writ of
certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the
Eighth Circuit denied.
No. 703. Columbian Carbon Company, Southern Carbon Com-
pany, and Midland Carbon Company, petitioners, v. The United
States. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Claims denied.
No. 715. City of Owatonna, petitioner, v. Interstate Power Com-
pany and Donovan Construction Company. Petition for writ of
certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the
Eighth Circuit denied.
No. 717. William J. Stratton, Secretary of State of the State of
Illinois, petitioner, v. St. Louis Southwestern Railway Company.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of the State
of Illinois denied.
No. 718. William J. Stratton, Secretary of State of the State of
Illinois, petitioner, v. United States Pipe and Foundry Company.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of the State
of Illinois denied.
No. 719. Southern Pacific Company, petitioner, v. G. A. Gibson,
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of
Appeals for the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 721. Commercial Credit Corporation of Baltimore, petitioner,
v. Central Auto Renting Corporation. Petition for writ of certiorari
to the Supreme Court of the State of New York denied.
No. 729. Appalachian Electric Power Company, petitioner, v.
George Otis Smith, Frank R. McNinch, et al, etc. Petition for writ
of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the
Fourth Circuit denied.
No. 730. The C. Pardee Works, petitioner, v. Charles V. Duffy,
formerly collector of Internal Revenue. Petition for writ of certio-
rari to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Third
Circuit denied.

1
MONDAY, FEBRUARY 19, 1934
163
No. 399. National Linen Service Corporation, trading as Rich-
mond Linen Supply Company, appellant, v. City of Lynchburg, Vir-
ginia, its mayor, et al. Petition for rehearing denied.
No. 693. United States Fidelity and Guaranty Company, peti-
tioner, v. W. K. Howard, Receiver of First National Bank of
Sandersville. Petition for rehearing denied.
No. 779. The United States of America, appellant, v. Frederick
B. Campbell. Motion to reinstate appeal submitted by Mr. Frederick
B. Campbell for the appellee, and the motion denied.
No. 18, original. The Commonwealth of Pennsylvania, complain-
ant, v. The State of Arkansas. Answer of the defendant presented.
Adjourned until Monday, March 5, at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Monday, March 5, will be as follows: Nos. -,
original, Principality of Monaco v. State of Mississippi, 361, 707,
655, 463, 547, 555, 565, 575, and 578.

MONDAY, MARCH 5, 1934
164
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: The Chief Justice, Mr. Justice Van Devanter, Mr. Justice
McReynolds, Mr. Justice Brandeis, Mr. Justice Sutherland, Mr.
Justice Butler, Mr. Justice Stone, Mr. Justice Roberts, and Mr.
Justice Cardozo.
William L. Hunter, of Chicago, Ill.; Kenneth Lyddane, of Rock-
ville, Md.; Philip D. Macbride, of Seattle, Wash.; M. D. Kirk,
of Tulsa, Okla.; Paul E. Roadifer, of Council Bluffs, Iowa; Wm. H.
McClendon, Jr., of New Orleans, La.; J. Leonard Townsend, of
Chevy Chase, Md.; Catherine A. McKenna, of Los Angeles, Calif.;
J. Irving McKenna, of Los Angeles, Calif.; James F. Shepherd, of
Cheboygan, Mich.; Joseph Sterling, of New York City; Marvin J.
Laronge, of Cleveland, Ohio; David Baron, of Saint Louis, Mo.;
Dalton Dwyer, of New York City; Emanuel Redfield, of New York
City; W. H. Peters, Jr., of Knoxville, Tenn.; Albert E. Kane, of
New York City; Lucius A. Buck, of West Palm Beach, Fla.; and
Harold Davis, of New York City, were admitted to practice.
No. 89. Life & Casualty Insurance Company of Tennessee, ap-
pellant, v. Ossie McGray. Appeal from the Supreme Court of the
State of Arkansas. Judgment affirmed with costs. Opinion by
Mr. Justice Cardozo. Mr. Justice Van Devanter, Mr. Justice Suth-
erland, and Mr. Justice Butler dissent in respect of the 12% penalty
or damages.
No. 509. Life & Casualty Insurance Company of Tennessee, ap-
pellant, v. Albert Barefield. Appeal from the Supreme Court of
the State of Arkansas. Judgment affirmed, with costs. Opinion
by Mr. Justice Cardozo.
No. 429. The Travelers Protective Association of America, peti-
tioner, v. Uluetta Prinsen. On writ of certiorari to the United
States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Tenth Circuit. Judgment
of the Circuit Court of Appeals reversed with costs and judgment
of the District Court of the United States for the District of Utah
affirmed, and cause remanded to said District Court for further
proceedings in conformity with the opinion of this Court. Opinion
by Mr. Justice Cardozo. Dissenting opinion by Mr. Justice Stone.
13563-34- -63

MONDAY, MARCH 5, 1934
165
No. 531. Leo Nebbia, appellant, v. The People of the State of
New York. Appeal from the County Court of Monroe County,
State of New York. Judgment affirmed with costs. Opinion by
Mr. Justice Roberts. Separate opinion by Mr. Justice McReynolds
in which Mr. Justice Van Devanter, Mr. Justice Sutherland, and Mr.
Justice Butler concur.
No. 325. Inger Juliane Hansen, petitioner, v. Edward L. Haff,
Acting Commissioner of Immigration for the Port of San Fran-
cisco. On writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of
Appeals for the Ninth Circuit. Judgment reversed and cause re-
manded to the District Court of the United States for the Northern
District of California for further proceedings in conformity with
the opinion of this Court. Opinion by Mr. Justice Roberts. Dis-
senting opinion by Mr. Justice Butler.
No. 419. Globe Indemnity Company, petitioner, v. The United
States of America to the use of Steacy-Schmidt Manufacturing
Company, Incorporated. On writ of certiorari to the United States
Circuit Court of Appeals for the Third Circuit. Judgment re-
versed with costs, and cause remanded to the District Court of the
United States for the Eastern District of Pennsylvania for further
proceedings in conformity with the opinion of this Court. Opinion
by Mr. Justice Stone.
No. 515. Guy T. Helvering, Commissioner of Internal Revenue,
petitioner, v. The Newport Company. On writ of certiorari to the
United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Seventh Circuit.
Judgment reversed, and cause remanded to the said Circuit Court
of Appeals for further proceedings in conformity with the opinion
of this Court. Opinion by Mr. Justice Stone.
No. 295. Florence Samuels Landress, petitioner, v. Phoenix Mu-
tual Life Insurance Company and Travelers Insurance Company.
On writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals
for the Sixth Circuit. Judgment affirmed with costs, and cause
remanded to the District Court of the United States for the Eastern
District of Tennessee. Opinion by Mr. Justice Stone. Dissenting
opinion by Mr. Justice Cardozo.
No. 355. Trinityfarm Construction Company, appellant, v. Alice
Lee Grosjean, Supervisor of Public Accounts for the State of Loui-
siana. Appeal from the District Court of the United States for the
Eastern District of Louisiana. Decree affirmed with costs. Opinion
by Mr. Justice Butler. Mr. Justice Cardozo concurs in the result.
No. 526. Ebba Pagel, Annie Corey, Clara Hallbom, and Charles
Hallbom, petitioners, v. Edward Pagel, as Administrator of the

MONDAY, MARCH 5, 1934
166
Estate of Jacob E. Hallbom, et al. On writ of certiorari to the
Supreme Court of the State of Minnesota. Judgment affirmed with
costs. Opinion by Mr. Justice Butler.
No. 435. Santos Miguel, petitioner, v. J. Raymond McCarl, Comp
troller General of the United States, and Frederick W. Coleman,
Chief of Finance, United States Army. On writ of certiorari to the
Court of Appeals of the District of Columbia. Decree reversed as to
respondent Coleman and affirmed as to the Comptroller General, and
cause remanded to the said Court of Appeals for further proceedings
in conformity with the opinion of this Court. Opinion by Mr.
Justice Sutherland.
No. 422. The United States of America, Interstate Commerce
Commission, et al., appellants, v. Illinois Central Railroad Company,
et al. Appeal from the District Court of the United States for the
District of Delaware. Decree reversed, and cause remanded to the
said District Court for further proceedings in conformity with the
opinion of this Court. Opinion by Mr. Justice Sutherland. Con-
curring opinion by Mr. Justice Stone in which Mr. Justice Brandeis,
Mr. Justice Roberts, and Mr. Justice Cardozo join.
No. 290. Chase National Bank of the City of New York, Successor
Trustee to the Equitable Trust Company of New York, N.Y., peti-
tioners, v. The City of Norwalk, Ohio. On writ of certiorari to the
United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Sixth Circuit.
Decree reversed with costs, and cause remanded to the said Circuit
Court of Appeals for further proceedings in conformity with the
opinion of this Court. Opinion by Mr. Justice Brandeis.
No. 349. Guy T. Helvering, Commissioner of Internal Revenue,
petitioner v. American Chicle Company. On writ of certiorari to
the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit.
Judgment reversed, and cause remanded to the said Circuit Court
of Appeals for further proceedings in conformity with the opinion
of this Court. Opinion by Mr. Justice McReynolds.
No. 477. Noah Best, Administrator of the Estate of Albert Ed-
ward Best, deceased, petitioner v. District of Columbia. On writ of
certiorari to the Court of Appeals of the District of Columbia.
Judgment reversed with costs, and cause remanded to the said
Court of Appeals for further proceedings in conformity with the
opinion of this Court. Opinion by Mr. Chief Justice Hughes.
No. 343. Hamburg-American Line, petitioner, v. The United
States of America. On writ of certiorari to the United States Cir-
cuit Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit. Judgment affirmed,
and cause remanded to the District Court of the United States for

MONDAY, MARCH 5, 1934
167
the Southern District of New York. Opinion by Mr. Chief Justice
Hughes.
The Chief Justice announced the following orders of the Court:
No. 726. Leo F. Jarvis and W. J. Simpson, appellants. v. People
of the State of California. Appeal from and on petition for writ of
certiorari to the District Court of Appeal, 4th Appellate District,
State of California. Per curiam: The appeal herein is dismissed for
the want of a substantial Federal question. Federal Compress &
Warehouse Co. v. McLean, 290 U.S. - (decided January 8, 1934; pp.
3-4 pamphlet print); Southern Ry. Co. v. King, 217 U.S. 524, 534;
Darnell v. Indiana, 226 U.S. 390, 398; Dahnke-Walker Co. v. Bon-
durant, 257 U.S. 282, 289; Roberts & Schaefer Co. v. Emmerson, 271
U.S. 50, 54–55; Liberty Warehouse Co. v. Burley Tobacco Growers
Association, 276 U.S. 71, 88. The petition for writ of certiorari is
denied.
No. 768. Western & Atlantic Railroad, appellant, v. Mrs. Vinnie
Michael. Appeal from the Supreme Court of the State of Georgia.
Per curiam: The motion of the appellee to dismiss the appeal herein
is granted, and the appeal is dismissed for the want of a substantial
Federal question. Pizitz v. Yeldell, 274 U.S. 112, 116; Staten
Island Ry. Co. v. Phoenix Indemnity Co., 281 U.S. 98, 107, 108; Silver
v. Silver, 280 U.S. 117, 123; Sproles v. Binford, 286 U.S. 374, 396.
The Chief Justice said:
"The other orders of the Court appear upon the list certified to by
the Chief Justice and filed with the Clerk and will not be announced
orally."
No. 782. Mrs. C. D. Gillen, petitioner, v. American Employers'
Insurance Company. On petition for writ of certiorari to the
United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit.
The motion for leave to proceed further herein in forma pauperis
is denied for the reason that the Court, upon examination of the
papers herein submitted, finds no ground upon which a writ of cer-
tiorari should be granted. The petition for writ of certiorari is
therefore also denied.
No. 805. Wilbur B. Foshay and Henry H. Henley, petitioners, v.
The United States of America. On petition for writ of certiorari
to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Eighth Cir-
cuit. The motion for leave to proceed further herein in forma
pauperis is denied, for the reason that the Court, upon examination
of the papers herein submitted finds no ground upon which a writ

MONDAY, MARCH 5, 1934
168
of certiorari should be granted. The petition for writ of certiorari
is therefore also denied.
No. 809. Mrs. J. S. Connor, petitioner, v. Alabama Great South-
ern Railroad Company et al. On petition for writ of certiorari to
the Supreme Court of the State of Alabama. The motion for leave
to proceed further herein in forma pauperis is denied for the reason
that the Court upon examination of the papers herein submitted,
finds
no ground upon which a writ of certiorari should be granted.
The petition for writ of certiorari is therefore also denied.
No. 18, original. Commonwealth of Pennsylvania, complainant, v.
State of Arkansas. The answer of the defendant is received and
ordered to be filed.
No. 787. Illinois Commerce Commission et al., appellants, v. The
United States of America et al. In this case probable jurisdiction
is noted. The motion to advance is granted and the case is as-
signed for argument on Monday, April 30, next.
No. 128. The Texas & Pacific Railway Company, petitioner, v.
S. O. Pottorff, Receiver of the First National Bank of El Paso,
Texas. Ordered, that the opinion in this case be amended as fol-
lows: By striking out the following now appearing in note 15 on
page 8 of said opinion:
To insure fulfilment of this function the Government subjects
national banks to close and constant supervision so as to maintain
the solvency of the bank. It is made a crime to accept a deposit
with knowledge of insolvency. Only when the bank's condition
measures up to the prescribed standards of safety and liquidity may
deposits be received.
No. 727. Spring City Foundry Company, petitioner, v. Commis-
sioner of Internal Revenue; and
No. 728. Spring City Foundry Company, petitioner, v. Commis-
sioner of Internal Revenue. The petition for writs of certiorari
to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Seventh
Circuit is granted limited to the question whether a debt ascertained
to be partially worthless in 1920 was deductible in that year under
either Section 234 (a) (4) or Section 234 (a) (5) and to the ques-
tion whether the debt was returnable as taxable income in that year
to the extent that it was then ascertained to be worthless.
No. 742. Bertha Meyer Smith, petitioner, v. The United States
of America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Circuit Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit granted.
No., original. Ex Parte: The United Engineering and Foundry
Co. The motion for leave to file petition for writ of mandamus is
denied.

MONDAY, MARCH 5, 1934
169
No. 766. United Engineering and Foundry Co., petitioner, v. The
Cold Medal Process Company. Petition for writ of certiorari to
the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Third Circuit
denied.
No. 711. Mahoning Investment Company, petitioner, v. The
United States. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of
Claims denied. The motion to remand is also denied.
No. 712. Rochester & Pittsburgh Coal & Iron Company, peti-
tioner, v. The United States. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
Court of Claims denied. The motion to remand is also denied.
No. 706. Atlantic Mills of Rhode Island, petitioner, v. The United
States. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Claims
denied.
No. 724. W. W. Wheelock and William G. Bierd, as Receivers of
the Chicago & Alton Railroad Company, petitioners, v. Gladys M.
Young, as Administratrix, etc. Petition for writ of certiorari to
the Supreme Court of the State of Missouri denied.
No. 725. The Mutual Life Insurance Company of New York,
petitioner, v. Wells Fargo Bank & Union Trust Company. Petition
for writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals
for the Ninth Circuit denied.
No. 735. John Hugart, petitioner, v. A. C. Aderhold, Warden
United States Penitentiary, Atlanta, Georgia. Petition for writ of
certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Fifth
Circuit denied.
No. 737. George H. Wigton, petitioner, v. Conway P. Coe, U.S.
Commissioner of Patents. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
Court of Appeals of the District of Columbia denied.
No. 738. Big Lake Oil Company, petitioner, v. D. B. Heiner,
Collector of Internal Revenue of the United States for the Twenty
Third District of Pennsylvania. Petition for writ of certiorari to
the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Third Circuit
denied.
No. 739. Joel T. Boone, petitioner, v. Virginia B. Phelps. Peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals of the District
of Columbia denied.
No. 746. Arthur G. Previn, petitioner, v. Tenacre Incorporated,
George Barmore et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United
States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Third Circuit denied.
No. 747. Henry Siefke, Samuel Holland, and George Rosenblum,
petitioners, v. George D. Wick, et al. Petition for writ of certiorari
to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Third Circuit
denied.

MONDAY, MARCH 5, 1934
170
No. 750. The Buffalo Dry Dock Company, petitioner, v. Victor
Salkeld and Dorr E. Warner. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit
denied.
No. 756. The General Chemical Company, petitioner, v. The Sel-
den Company. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States.
Circuit Court of Appeals for the Third Circuit denied.
No. 757. American Surety Company of New York, petitioner, v.
The Bankers Savings & Loan Association of Omaha, Nebraska. Pe-
tition for writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of
Appeals for the Eighth Circuit denied.
No. 759. The Southern Railway Company, petitioner, v. David
Sevier Wilbanks. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United
States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 760. The Southern Railway Company, petitioner, v. Mrs.
Daisy Lawrence. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Circuit Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 769. Mrs. Mary Price Orr, Rees Price Orr, and James W.
Orr, petitioners, v. William C. Neilly, Trustee of Lane Drug Stores,
Inc., Bankrupt. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Circuit Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 698. Rucks-Brandt Construction Company, petitioner, v.
Chas. Price, Sheriff of Tulsa County, Oklahoma, and C. C. Silver.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of the State of
Oklahoma denied.
No. 736. The United States of America, ex rel. Lizzie Dean, in
Behalf of Mohamed Mahfood, alias Albert Mohfus, petitioner, v.
E. P. Reynolds and C., A. Palmer, United States Immigration In-
spector, etc. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Circuit Court of Appeals for the Seventh Circuit denied.
No. 745. Revere Sugar Refinery, American Sugar Refinery Com-
pany, et al., petitioners, v. Pennsylvania Trust Company of Pitts-
burgh, Receiver, etc., et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Third Circuit denied.
No. 752. Benrus Watch Company and S. H. Pomerance Co., Inc.,
petitioners, v. The United States. Petition for writ of certiorari
to the United States Court of Customs and Patent Appeals denied.
No. 754. Henry A. Wallace, Secretary of Agriculture, et al., peti-
tioners, v. The Board of Trade of the City of Chicago; and
No. 755. Farmers National Grain Corporation, petitioner, v. Board
of Trade of the City of Chicago. Petitions for writs of certiorari
to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Seventh Cir-
cuit denied.

MONDAY, MARCH 5, 1934
171
No. 758. Baltimore and Ohio Railroad Company, petitioner, v.
Joseph Zahrobsky. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United
States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Fourth Circuit denied.
No. 761. Peerless Motor Car Corporation, petitioner, v. George
Taylor, on behalf of himself and on behalf of all other stockholders
of Peerless Motor Car Corporation. Petition for writ of certiorari
to the Supreme Court of the State of Ohio denied.
No. 764. The Centmont Corporation, petitioner, v. John Marsch.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court
of Appeals for the First Circuit denied.
No. 765. The Union National Bank of Pittsburgh and Scott H.
Nesbit, Trustees, etc., et al., petitioners, v. Fidelity Trust Company,
Administrator, etc. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme
Court of the State of Pennsylvania denied.
No. 770. Columbian National Life Insurance Company, petitioner,
v. Morton Halsband. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United
States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit denied.
No. 777. H. H. Miller, petitioner, v. R. L. Van Zandt, Receiver of
the Texas National Bank. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 311. Ida A. Van Dyke, petitioner, v. Guy T. Helvering, Com-
missioner of Internal Revenue; and
No. 312. Cleve W. Van Dyke, petitioner, v. Guy T. Helvering,
Commissioner of Internal Revenue. Petition for rehearing denied.
No. 347. Standard Oil Company of California, appellant, v. The
People of the State of California. Petition for rehearing denied.
No. 653. New Amsterdam Casualty Company, petitioner, v. The
United States of America. Petition for rehearing denied.
No. 838. The United States of America, appellant, v. James B.
Brown, Charles F. Jones, et al. Appeal from the District Court of
the United States for the Western District of Kentucky. Dismissed
and mandate granted on motion of Mr. Solicitor General Biggs for
the appellant.
No., original. Ex parte: Richfield Oil Company of California,
et al., petitioners. Motion for leave to file petitions for writs of
mandamus submitted by Mr. George B. Springston for the
petitioners.
No. 34. Keystone Driller Company, petitioner, v. General Exca-
vator Company;

MONDAY, MARCH 5, 1934
172
No. 35. Keystone Driller Company, petitioner, v. General Exca-
vator Company;
No. 36. Keystone Driller Company, petitioner, v. The Osgood
Company; and
No. 37. Keystone Driller Company, petitioner, v. The Osgood
Company. Motion to recall mandates submitted by Mr. Challon
B. Ellis for the respondents in support of the motion, and by Mr.
Frank O. Richey and Mr. William H. Boyd, for the petitioner in
opposition thereto.
No. 128. The Texas & Pacific Railway Company, petitioner, v.
S. O. Pottorff, Receiver of the First National Bank of El Paso,
Texas. Time within which to file petition for rehearing extended
for two weeks on motion of Mr. John C. Donnally in behalf of
counsel for the petitioner.
No. 10, original. Commonwealth of Kentucky, complainant, v.
State of Indiana et al. Report No. 8 of defendant State of Indiana
presented.
No. 18, original. Commonwealth of Pennsylvania, complainant, v.
State of Arkansas. Bill of complaint dismissed without prejudice
on motion of Mr. William A. Schnader for the complainant.
No. original. Ex Parte: Principality of Monaco, plaintiff, v.
State of Mississippi. Argument on the rule and return commenced
by Mr. Frederic R. Coudert for the plaintiff; continued by Mr. Dean
Emery for the plaintiff; by Mr. J. A. Lauderdale and Mr. Greek L.
Rice for the defendant; and concluded by Mr. Frederic R. Coudert
for the plaintiff. Leave granted plaintiff to file additional brief by
Friday, March 9th.
No. 707. Frank Massey, petitioner, v. The United States of
America. Argued by Mr. Edward F. Colladay for the petitioner,
and by Mr. Solicitor General Biggs for the respondent.
No. 547. New Colonial Ice Company, Inc., petitioner, v. Commis-
sioner of Internal Revenue. Argument commenced by Mr. Joseph
Sterling for the petitioner.
Adjourned until tomorrow at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Tuesday, March 6, will be as follows: Nos. 547,
463, 588, 589, 565, 555, 575, 578, 579, and 580 (581 and 582).
13563-34-64
Х

TUESDAY, MARCH 6, 1934
173
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: The Chief Justice, Mr. Justice Van Devanter, Mr. Justice
McReynolds, Mr. Justice Brandeis, Mr. Justice Sutherland, Mr.
Justice Butler, Mr. Justice Stone, Mr. Justice Roberts, and Mr.
Justice Cardozo.
Thos. J. Dixon, of Los Angeles, Calif.; Don F. Tyler, of Los
Angeles, Calif.; Patrick A. McCarran, of Reno, Nev.; Abraham M.
Davis, of New York City; Blake A. Williamson, of Kansas City,
Kan.; Edward J. Robins, of Fremont, Nebr.; John C. Noonan, of
Philadelphia, Pa.; Randell Larson, of San Francisco, Calif.; George
A. Work, of San Francisco, Calif.; Charles F. Metteer, of Sacra-
mento, Calif.; James W. McAfee, of St. Louis, Mo.; Charles E.
Mason, of Waukegan, Ill.; Wallace Streeter, of Washington, D.C.;
John F. Dockweiler, of Los Angeles, Calif.; and Ralph R. Eltse, of
Berkeley, Calif., were admitted to practice.
No. 547. New Colonial Ice Company, Inc., petitioner, v. Guy T.
Helvering, Commissioner of Internal Revenue. Argument contin-
ued by Mr. Joseph Sterling for the petitioner, and concluded by
Mr. H. Brian Holland for the respondent.
No. 463. Hans Elliot and United States Fidelity and Guaranty
Company, petitioners, v. Thomas R. Lombard. Argued by Mr.
Wm. H. McClendon, Jr., for the petitioners, and by Mr. Purnell M.
Milner for the respondent. Leave granted respondent to file addi-
tional brief by Friday next.
No. 588. M. C. Hinderlider, as State Engineer of the State of
Colorado, et al., etc., appellants, v. The La Plata River and Cherry
Creek Ditch Company. Argument commenced by Mr. Ralph L.
Carr for the appellants, and continued by Mr. Reese McCloskey for
the appellee.
Adjourned until tomorrow at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Wednesday, March 7th, will be as follows: Nos.
588, 589, 565, 555, 575, 579, 578, 585, 580 (581 and 582), and
597.
13563-34- -65
☑

WEDNESDAY, MARCH 7, 1934
174
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: The Chief Justice, Mr. Justice Van Devanter, Mr. Jus-
tice McReynolds, Mr. Justice Brandeis, Mr. Justice Sutherland, Mr.
Justice Butler, Mr. Justice Stone, Mr. Justice Roberts, and Mr.
Justice Cardozo.
Alex G. McKnight, of Duluth, Minn.; Sanford Trippet, of Prince-
ton, Ind.; James B. Hodges, of Lake City, Fla.; Linton M. Collins,
of Miami, Fla.; William A. Dougherty, of Cleveland, Ohio; Floyd
L. Knight, of Miami, Fla.; Ralph G. Boyd, of Boston, Mass.; Frank
H. Wang, of Balboa Heights, Canal Zone; Roy A. Cheney, of Wash-
ington, D.C.; and Jno. E. Shepard, of Covington, Ky., were ad-
mitted to practice.
No. 588. M. C. Hinderlider, as State Engineer of the State of
Colorado, et al., etc., appellants, v. The La Plata River and Cherry
Creek Ditch Company. Argument continued by Mr. Reese McClos-
key for the appellee, and concluded by Mr. Paul P. Prosser for the
appellants.
No. 589. A. Magnano Company, appellant, v. G. W. Hamilton, as
Attorney General of the State of Washington, et al., etc. Argued
by Mr. Otto B. Rupp for the appellant, and by Mr. E. P. Donnelly
and Mr. Philip D. MacBride for the appellees.
No. 565. Ruth Loughran, petitioner, v. John Loughran, et al., etc.
Argued by Mr. Robert H. McNeill for the petitioner, and by Mr. Wm.
E. Leahy for the respondents. Leave granted petitioner to file an
additional brief within two days.
No. 555. Mona Motor Oil Company, appellant, v. Ray E. Johnson,
Treasurer of the State of Iowa, et al. Argument commenced by Mr.
Paul E. Roadifer for the appellant.
Adjourned until tomorrow at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Thursday, March 8, will be as follows: Nos. 555,
575, 579, 578, 585, 580 (581 and 582), 597, 627, 635, and 650.
13563-34--66

THURSDAY, MARCH 8, 1934
175
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: The Chief Justice, Mr. Justice McReynolds, Mr. Justice
Brandeis, Mr. Justice Sutherland, Mr. Justice Butler, Mr. Justice
Stone, Mr. Justice Roberts, and Mr. Justice Cardozo.
William St. John Wines, of Springfield, Ill.; and Marshall S.
Snyder, of Minneapolis, Minn., were admitted to practice.
No. 555. Mona Motor Oil Company, appellant, v. Ray E. Johnson,
Treasurer of the State of Iowa, et al. Argument continued by Mr.
Paul E. Roadifer for the appellant; by Mr. L. W. Powers for the
appellees; and concluded by Mr. M. D. Kirk for the appellant.
No. 575. John L. Gilvary, petitioner, v. Cuyahoga Valley Railway
Company. Argued by Mr. M. L. Bernsteen for the petitioner, and
by Mr. W. T. Kinder for the respondent.
No. 579. Charles Ilfeld Company, petitioner, v. B. C. Hernandez,
Collector of Internal Revenue, etc. Argued by Mr. A. T. Hannett
for the petitioner, and by Mr. Erwin N. Griswold for the respondent.
No. 578. Alice Aschenbrenner, petitioner, v. United States Fidelity
& Guaranty Company. Argued by Mr. Randell Larson for the peti-
tioner, and by Mr. George A. Work for the respondent.
No. 585. John Pokora, petitioner, v. The Wabash Railway Com-
pany. Argument commenced by Mr. Wm. St. J. Wines for the
petitioner.
Adjourned until tomorrow at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Friday, March 9, will be as follows: Nos. 585,
580 (581 and 582), 597, 627, 635, 650, 651, 614, 608, and 609.
13563-34-
-67
X

FRIDAY, MARCH 9, 1934
176
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: The Chief Justice, Mr. Justice Van Devanter, Mr. Jus-
tice McReynolds, Mr. Justice Brandeis, Mr. Justice Sutherland, Mr.
Justice Butler, Mr. Justice Stone, Mr. Justice Roberts, and Mr. Jus-
tice Cardozo.
James Kirkman Jackson, of Birmingham, Ala.; Lucien D. Gard-
ner, Jr., of Birmingham, Ala.; David J. Erickson, of Duluth, Minn.;
John T. Pearson, of Parsons, Kans.; Theodore Sherman Class, of
New York City; John S. Boyden, of Salt Lake City, Utah; and
J. L. Shaver, of Wynne, Ark., were admitted to practice.
No. 585. John Pokora, petitioner, v. The Wabash Railway Com-
pany. Argument continued by Mr. Wm. St. John Wines for the
petitioner; by Mr. Homer Hall for the respondent; and concluded
by Mr. Wm. St. John Wines for the petitioner. Leave granted
respondent to file an additional brief within one week.
No. 580. Elias A. Olson, petitioner, v. The United States of
America;
No. 581. Randor G. Karlson, petitioner, v. The United States of
American; and
No. 582. Harry Brewster, petitioner, v. The United States of
America. Three hours allowed for oral argument. Argument com-
menced by Mr. I. K. Lewis for the petitioners; continued by Mr.
Charles Bunn for the respondent; by Mr. George Wharton Pepper
for the Government of the Dominion of Canada, appearing pursuant
to the Provisions of the Protocol accompanying Convention to Regu-
late the Level of the Lake of the Woods, February 24, 1925; and
concluded by Mr. I. K. Lewis for the petitioners.
Adjourned until Monday next at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Monday, March 12, will be as follows: Nos. 597,
627, 361, 635, 608, 609, 614, 650, 651, and 611.
13563-34-
-68

MONDAY, MARCH 12, 1934
177
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: The Chief Justice, Mr. Justice Van Devanter, Mr. Justice
McReynolds, Mr. Justice Brandeis, Mr. Justice Sutherland, Mr. Jus-
tice Butler. Mr. Justice Stone, Mr. Justice Roberts, and Mr. Justice
Cardozo.
Harold D. Saylor, of Philadelphia, Pa.; Paul G. Eckelberry, of
Columbus, Ohio; Edward G. Dobrin, of Seattle, Wash.; Douglas M.
Moffat, of New York City; and Sidney J. Hayles, of Atlanta, Ga.,
were admitted to practice.
No. 363. The Arrow-Hart & Hegeman Electric Company, peti-
tioner, v. Federal Trade Commission. On writ of certiorari to the
United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit.
Decree reversed and cause remanded to said Circuit Court of Appeals
for further proceedings in conformity with the opinion of this
Court. Opinion by Mr. Justice Roberts. Dissenting opinion by
Mr. Justice Stone in which the Chief Justice, Mr. Justice Brandeis,
and Mr. Justice Cardozo concur.
No. 428. H. Chassaniol et al., appellants, v. City of Greenwood.
Appeal from the Supreme Court of the State of Mississippi. Judg-
ment affirmed with costs. Opinion by Mr. Justice Brandeis.
The Chief Justice announced the following orders of the Court:
No. 707. Frank Massey, petitioner, v. The United States of
America. On writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court
of Appeals for the Seventh Circuit. Per curiam: It appeared, on
rehearing, that the petitioner and others were indicted on March 4,
1932, in the District Court of the United States for the Southern
District of Indiana for conspiring to violate the National Prohibi-
tion Act; that the petitioner was found guilty by a jury on May
20, 1932, and, with others, was sentenced to fine and imprisonment
by a judgment entered in that court on June 3, 1932; that, on appeal,
the judgment, as to the petitioner, was affirmed by the United States
Circuit Court of Appeals for the Seventh Circuit on August 7, 1933,
and that a petition for rehearing duly filed by him in that court was
denied on October 10, 1933. It further appeared that on October
11, 1933, the Circuit Court of Appeals, upon consideration of a
motion by the petitioner for a stay of mandate pending a petition
13563-34-69

MONDAY, MARCH 12, 1934
178
to this Court for writ of certiorari, stayed its mandate until its
further order, and ordered that the petitioner proceed with diligence
and promptly file the petition for writ of certiorari in this Court.
Petition for writ of certiorari was filed in this Court on January
6, 1934, and within the time provided by law.
The Solicitor General appeared on behalf of the Government upon
the rehearing and stated his view to be that this case is controlled
by the decision in United States v. Chambers, 290 U.S. — (decided
February 5, 1934), and that the judgment of the court below should
be reversed.
The Court is of the opinion that it appears from the record that
no final judgment was renderd herein against the petitioner prior
to the ratification of the Twenty-first Amendment. The judgment
of the Circuit Court of Appeals, as entered in the cause of this peti-
tioner, is accordingly reversed, and the cause is remanded to the
District Court with direction to vacate that part of its judgment
which sentences this petitioner, and to dismiss the indictment as
to him. United States v. Chambers, 290 U.S. — (decided February
5, 1934; p. 5, pamphlet print). It is so ordered.
No. 588. M. C. Hinderlider, as State Engineer of the State of
Colorado, et al., etc., appellants, v. The La Plata River and Cherry
Creek Ditch Company. Appeal from the Supreme Court of the
State of Colorado. Per curiam: The appeal herein is dismissed
for the want of a final judgment. Haseltine v. Central National
Bank, 183 U.S. 130; Schlosser v. Hemphill, 198 U.S. 173, 175;
Louisiana Navigation Co. v. Oyster Commission, 226 U.S. 99, 101;
Gulf Refining Co. v. United States, 269 U.S. 125, 135, 136; Georgia
Ry. Co. v. Decatur, 262 U.S. 432, 437.
The Chief Justice said:
"The other orders of the Court appear upon the list certified to
by the Chief Justice and filed with the Clerk and will not be
announced orally."
No., original. Ex parte: Richfield Oil Company of California
et al., petitioners. The motions for leave to file petitions for writs
of mandamus are denied.
,
No. original. Ex parte: H. Ely Goldsmith, petitioner. The
motion for leave to file petition for writ of habeas corpus is denied.
No. 827. H. Ely Goldsmith, petitioner, v. The United States of
America. On petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Circuit Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit. The motion for
leave to proceed further herein in forma pauperis is denied for the
reason that the Court, upon examination of the papers herein sub-
mitted, finds no ground upon which a writ of certiorari should be
granted. The petition for writ of certiorari is therefore also denied.

MONDAY, MARCH 12, 1934
179
No. 10, original. Commonwealth of Kentucky, complainant, v.
State of Indiana. Report No. 8 of the defendant, State of Indiana,
is received and ordered to be filed.
No. 34. Keystone Driller Company, petitioner, v. General Exca-
vator Company;
No. 35. Keystone Driller Company, petitioner, v. General Exca-
vator Company;
No. 36. Keystone Driller Company, petitioner, v.
v. The Osgood
Company; and
No. 37. Keystone Driller Company, petitioner, v. The Osgood
Company. The motion to recall the mandates in these cases is denied.
No. 807. Mississippi Valley Barge Line Company, appellant, v.
The United States of America, et al. In this case probable juris-
diction is noted.
No. 783. Local Loan Company, petitioner, v. William Hunt.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of
Appeals for the Seventh Circuit granted.
No. 388. Audley Robinson Allen, petitioner, v. Connecticut Gen-
eral Life Insurance Company, of Hartford, Connecticut. Petition
for writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals
for the Eighth Circuit denied.
No. 743. Fred H. Cole, Sr., petitioner, v. Raymond Van Horn,
Sheriff of Yuma County, State of Colorado; and
No. 744. M. I. Stebbins, petitioner, v. Raymond Van Horn,
Sheriff of Yuma County, State of Colorado. Petition for writs of
certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the
Tenth Circuit denied.
No. 762. Edward B. Leisenring, Daniel B. Wentz, Jr., et al.,
executors, etc., petitioners, v. The United States. Petition for writ
of certiorari to the Court of Claims denied.
No. 767. Anna E. Robison and Earl Robison, Administrators,
etc., petitioners, v. Chicago & Eastern Illinois Railway Company.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of the State of
Missouri denied.
No. 781. Boston & Maine Railroad, petitioner, v. Edward S.
Hopkins. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Cir-
cuit Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit denied.
No. 400. City of Marion, Illinois, et al., petitioners, v. Ben
Sneeden, as Receiver of the City National Bank of Herrin, Illinois.
Petition for rehearing denied.
No. 680. L. M. Winn, Administrator of the estate of Nannie Lee
Winn, deceased, petitioner, v. Consolidated Coach Corporation. Pe-
tition for rehearing denied.

MONDAY, MARCH 12, 1934
The Chief Justice also announced the following order:
ORDER
180
The Court will take a recess from Monday, March 19, to Monday,
April 2, next.
No. 597. Robert J. McKnett, petitioner, v. St. Louis & San Fran-
cisco Railway Company. Argued by Mr. J. K. Jackson for the
petitioner, and by Mr. L. V. Gardner, Jr., for the respondent.
No. 627. F. J. Utley and D. T. Utley, appellants, v. City of St.
Petersburg, Florida. Argued by Mr. Lloyd D. Martin for the
appellants, and by Mr. W. F. Way for the appellee.
No. 361. Interstate Commerce Commission,
Commission, petitioner, v. The
Pennsylvania Railroad Company, and Pennsylvania Company. Re-
argument commenced by Mr. Daniel W. Knowlton for the petitioner,
and continued by Mr. Henry Wolf Bikle for the respondent.
Adjourned until tomorrow at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Tuesday, March 13, will be as follows: Nos. 361,
635, 608, 609, 614, 650, 651, 611, 669, and 731.
☑

TUESDAY, MARCH 13, 1934
181
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: The Chief Justice, Mr. Justice Van Devanter, Mr. Justice
McReynolds, Mr. Justice Brandeis, Mr. Justice Sutherland, Mr.
Justice Butler, Mr. Justice Stone, Mr. Justice Roberts, and Mr.
Justice Cardozo.
Harry Clayton Cook, of Canton, Ohio; Vincent Paul Russo, of
Washington, D.C.; Chas. D. Rose, of Cincinnati, Ohio; Mount K.
Wild, of Fresno, Calif.; D. R. Bullard, of Houston, Tex.; Jacob
Stone, of Boston, Mass.; Julius Stone, of Boston, Mass.; Thomas
A. McEachern, Jr., of Memphis, Tenn.; Charles Ginsberg, of Denver,
Colo.; Robert F. Klepinger, of Dayton, Ohio; Beverly B. Neal, of
Dallas, Tex.; and Robert Edgar Shook, of Kansas City, Mo., were
admitted to practice.
No. 361. Interstate Commerce Commission, petitioner, v. The
Pennsylvania Railroad Company and Pennsylvania Company. Re-
argument continued by Mr. Henry Wolf Bikle for the respondents,
and concluded by Mr. Daniel W. Knowlton for the petitioner.
No. 635. William J. McGarrity, Administrator C.T.A. of the
Estate of Marcius O. Raiguel, appellant, v. Delaware River Bridge
Commission and the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania. Argued by
Mr. John Robert Jones for the appellant, and by Mr. Harold D.
Saylor for the appellee.
No. 608. The Columbus Gas and Fuel Company, appellant, v.
The Public Utilities Commission of Ohio and the City of Columbus,
Ohio. Three hours allowed for oral argument. Argued by Mr.
Edward C. Turner for the appellant, and by Mr. John L. Davies
and Mr. James W. Huffman for the appellees.
No. 609. The Dayton Power and Light Company, appellant, v.
The Public Utilities Commission of Ohio. Argument commenced
by Mr. John E. Mullin for the appellant.
Adjourned until tomorrow at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Wednesday, March 14, will be as follows: Nos.
609, 614, 650, 651, 611, and 669.
13563-34-70
Х

WEDNESDAY, MARCH 14, 1934
182
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: The Chief Justice, Mr. Justice Van Devanter, Mr. Justice
McReynolds, Mr. Justice Brandeis, Mr. Justice Sutherland, Mr. Jus-
tice Butler, Mr. Justice Stone, Mr. Justice Roberts, and Mr. Justice
Cardozo.
William L. Connor, of Los Angeles, Calif.; J. Colvin Wright, of
Bedford, Pa.; L. V. Orton, of Pawnee, Okla.; William B. Jaspert, of
Pittsburgh, Pa.; Clarence W. Miles, of Baltimore, Md.; and Sey-
mour O'Brien, of Baltimore, Md., were admitted to practice.
No. 609. The Dayton Power and Light Company, appellant, v.
The Public Utilities Commission of Ohio. Motion to amend As-
signment of errors and Statement of Points to be relied upon sub-
mitted by Mr. John E. Mullin for the appellant.
No. 609. The Dayton Power and Light Company, appellant, v.
The Public Utilities Commission of Ohio. Argument continued
by Mr. John E. Mullin for the appellant; by Mr. Don C. Power for
the appellee; and concluded by Mr. John E. Mullin for the appellant.
No. 614. Chris Larsen, petitioner, v. Northland Transportation
Company, Charterer, etc. Argued by Mr. Samuel B. Bassett for the
petitioner, and by Mr. Edward G. Dobrin for the respondent.
Adjourned until tomorrow at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Thursday, March 15, will be as follows: Nos. 650,
651, 611, and 669.
13563-34-71
×

THURSDAY, MARCH 15, 1934
183
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: The Chief Justice, Mr. Justice Van Devanter, Mr. Jus-
tice McReynolds, Mr. Justice Brandeis, Mr. Justice Sutherland,
Mr. Justice Butler, Mr. Justice Stone, Mr. Justice Roberts, and
Mr. Justice Cardozo.
John N. Minnich, of Bedford, Pa.; Elpidio Quirino, of Manila,
P.I.; Henry F. Turner, of Paducah, Ky.; and Abraham Shamos, of
New York City, were admitted to practice.
-
No. original. Ex parte: Sarah R. Heilbronen and Frank E.
Hirshstein, petitioners. Motion for leave to file petition for writ
of prohibition and/or mandamus submitted by Mr. Abraham Shamos
for the petitioners.
No. 650. Hartford Accident & Indemnity Company et al., ap-
pellants, v. Delta & Pine Land Company. Argued by Mr. Garner
W. Green for the appellee, and case submitted by Mr. William H.
Hall for the appellants.
No. 651. J. B. Gully, State Tax Collector, et al., appellants, v. In-
terstate Natural Gas Company. Argument commenced by Mr.
Edward W. Smith for the appellants; and continued by Mr. David
Clay Bramlette and Mr. Garner W. Green for the appellee. The
Court declined to hear further argument.
No. 611. Electric Cable Joint Company, petitioner, v. Brooklyn
Edison Company, Inc. Argument commenced by Mr. Melville
Church for the petitioner; continued by Mr. Charles Neave for the
respondent; and concluded by Mr. D. Anthony Usina for the peti-
tioner.
No. 669. John N. Minnich, petitioner, v. Russell Gardner et al.,
Intervening creditors et al., etc. Argument commenced by Mr. John
N. Minnich for the petitioner.
Adjourned until tomorrow at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Friday, March 16, will be as follows: No. 669.
13563-34-72
Х

FRIDAY, MARCH 16, 1934
184
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: The Chief Justice, Mr. Justice Van Devanter, Mr. Jus-
tice McReynolds, Mr. Justice Brandeis, Mr. Justice Sutherland, Mr.
Justice Butler, Mr. Justice Stone, Mr. Justice Roberts, and Mr.
Justice Cardozo.
John Livingstone McCrea, of Marlette, Mich.; Joseph H. Morgan,
of Prescott, Ariz., and Nicholas M. Curcio, of Wilkes-Barre, Pa.,
were admitted to practice.
No. 669. John N. Minnich, petitioner, v. Russell Gardner et al.,
Intervening creditors et al., etc. Argument continued by Mr. A. E.
Kountz for the respondents, and concluded by Mr. John N. Minnich
for the petitioner.
Adjourned until Monday, March 19, next, at 12 o'clock.
13563-34-
-73
☑

MONDAY, MARCH 19, 1934
185
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: The Chief Justice, Mr. Justice Van Devanter, Mr. Jus-
tice Brandeis, Mr. Justice Sutherland, Mr. Justice Butler, Mr. Justice
Stone, Mr. Justice Roberts, and Mr. Justice Cardozo.
J. L. Fuller, of McAlester, Okla., was admitted to practice.
No. 344. Puget Sound Power & Light Company, appellant, v.
The City of Seattle. Appeal from the Supreme Court of the State
of Washington. Judgment affirmed with costs. Opinion by Mr.
Justice Stone. Specially concurring opinion by Mr. Justice Van
Devanter in which Mr. Justice McReynolds, Mr. Justice Sutherland,
and Mr. Justice Butler concur.
No. 359. Seattle Gas Company, appellant, v. The City of Seattle.
Appeal from the Supreme Court of the State of Washington. Judg-
ment affirmed with costs. Opinion by Mr. Justice Stone. Mr. Jus-
tice Van Devanter, Mr. Justice McReynolds, Mr. Justice Suther-
land, and Mr. Justice Butler concur in the result.
No. 19, original. Ex parte: L. W. Baldwin and Guy A. Thomp-
son, Trustees, etc., et al., petitioners. On petition for writ of man-
damus. Rule discharged. Opinion by Mr. Justice Brandeis.
The Chief Justice announced the following orders of the Court:
No. 361. Interstate Commerce Commission, petitioner, v. The
Pennsylvania Railroad Company and Pennsylvania Company. On
writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for
the Third Circuit. Per curiam: Decree affirmed, by an equally di-
vided Court. Mr. Justice Roberts took no part in the consideration
or decision of this case.
No. 608. The Columbus Gas and Fuel Company, appellant, v.
The Public Utilities Commission of Ohio and The City of Columbus,
Ohio. Appeal from the Supreme Court of the State of Ohio. Per
curiam: The appeal herein is dismissed for the want of a final judg-
ment. Haseltine v. Central National Bank, 183 U.S. 130; Schlosser
v. Hemphill, 198 U.S. 173, 175, 176; Louisiana Navigation Co. v.
13563-34-74

MONDAY, MARCH 19, 1934
186
Oyster Comm'n., 226 U.S. 99, 101, 102; Gulf Refining Co. v. United
States, 269 U.S. 125, 135, 136; Georgia Ry. Co. v. Decatur, 262 U.S.
432, 437; Hinderlider v. LaPlata River and Cherry Creek Ditch Co.,
291 U.S. (decided March 12, 1934).
No. 814. The People of the State of New York, on the relation of
Harry P. Sackett, appellant, v. Thomas M. Lynch, et al., constitut-
ing the State Tax Commission of the State of New York. Appeal
from the Supreme Court of the State of New York. Per curiam:
The motion of the appellees to dismiss the appeal herein is granted,
and the appeal is dismissed for the want of a properly presented
Federal question. Kipley v. Illinois, 170 U.S. 182, 186, 187; Layton
v. Missouri, 187 U.S. 356, 358; Jacobi v. Alabama, 187 U.S. 133,
135; Saltonstall v. Saltonstall, 276 U.S. 260, 267, 268.
No. 804. John H. Betts, doing business under the Fictitious Style
and Firm name of John H. Betts Transportation Co., appellant, v.
Railroad Commission of the State of California. Appeal from the
District Court of the United States for the Southern District of
California. Per curiam: The motion of the appellee to affirm is
granted, and the decree is affirmed. Napa Valley Electric Co. v.
Railroad Commission of California, 251 U.S. 366; Grubb v. Public
Utilities Commission, 281 U.S. 470, 475–479; American Surety Co.
v. Baldwin, 287 U.S. 156, 164, 165.
No. 840. Liggett & Myers Tobacco Company, appellant, v. The
State of South Carolina. Appeal from the Supreme Court of the
State of South Carolina. Per curiam: The motion of the appellee to
dismiss the appeal herein is granted, and the appeal is dismissed
for the reason that the judgment of the Supreme Court of the State
of South Carolina, insofar as the appellant seeks here to review it,
was based upon a nonfederal ground adequate to support it. Quong
Ham Wah Co. v. Industrial Commission, 255 U.S. 445, 448, 449;
Knights of Pythias v. Meyer, 265 U.S. 30, 32, 33; Swiss Oil Corpora-
tion v. Shanks, 273 U.S. 392, 411, 412; Hicklin v. Coney, 290 U.S.—
(decided December 4, 1933, p. 2 pamphlet print); Live Oak Water
Users Association v. Railroad Commission, 269 U.S. 354, 359; Gerard
Trust Co. v. Ocean & Lake Realty Co., 286 U.S. 523; Real Estate-
Land Title & Trust Co. v. Springfield, 287 U.S. 577.
No. 780. William H. Griffin, appellant, v. Timothy H. McCarthy.
Appeal from the Supreme Court of the State of Washington. Per
curiam: The motion of the appellant for leave to file statement as to
jurisdiction is granted. The motion of the appellee to dismiss the
appeal herein is granted, and the appeal is dismissed for the want of
jurisdiction. Sec. 237 (a) Judicial Code, as amended by the Act of

MONDAY, MARCH 19, 1934
187
February 13, 1925 (43 Stat. 936, 937). Treating the papers whereon
the appeal was allowed as a petition for writ of certiorari, as re-
quired by Sec. 237 (c) Judicial Code as amended (43 Stat. 936, 938),
the petition for writ of certiorari is denied.
The Chief Justice said:
"The other orders appear upon the list certified to by the Chief
Justice and filed with the Clerk and will not be announced orally."
No. , original. Ex parte: Dock Holmes, petitioner. The mo-
tion for leave to file petition for writ of mandamus is denied.
-
-
-
,
No. original. Ex parte: Joseph Poresky, petitioner. The
motion for leave to file petition for writ of mandamus is denied.
No., original. Ex parte: Sarah R. Heilbroner et al. The mo-
tion for leave to file petition for writ of prohibition and/or
mandamus is denied.
No. 859. W. D. Striplin, petitioner, v. Lawrenceburg Warehouse
Company et al. The motion of the petitioner for leave to print an
abbreviated record is granted as prayed: Provided, that the petition-
er's designation of parts of the record to be printed shall be served
upon respondents within five days of this date, and that the respond-
ents shall have five days from such service within which to file with
the Clerk a designation of such additional portions of the record
to be printed as may be necessary to the consideration of the petition
for writ of certiorari. If it shall appear to the Court that the
respondents have caused unnecessary parts of the record to be
printed, such order as to printing and Clerk's costs shall be made as
the Court shall think proper. Rule 13, par. 9. The service required
by rule 38, par. 3, shall be made within 10 days after the completion
of the printing of the record.
No. 847. William Langer, as Governor of the State of North
Dakota, et al., appellants, v. Grandin Farmers Co-operative Eleva-
tor Company of Grandin, North Dakota, et al. In this case probable
jurisdiction is noted and the case is assigned for argument on Mon-
day, April 30, next after the cases heretofore assigned for that day.
No. 832. Oklahoma Gas and Electric Company, et al., etc., appel-
lants, v. Oklahoma Packing Company et al.;
No. 843. Gypsy Oil Company, appellant, v. Oklahoma Tax Com-
mission et al.; and
No. 869. The United States of America, appellant, v. J. W. Smith
et al. In these cases probable jurisdiction is noted.

MONDAY, MARCH 19, 1934
188
No. 791. Sewell Lee Avery, petitioner, v. Commissioner of Inter-
nal Revenue; and
No. 792. Sewell L. Avery, petitioner, v. Commissioner of Internal
Revenue. Petition for writs of certiorari to the United States Cir-
cuit Court of Appeals for the Seventh Circuit granted.
No. 795. Urey Woodson, as Alien Property Custodian, etc., et al.,
petitioners, v. Deutsche Gold und Silber Scheideanstalt Vormals
Roessler, etc. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals
of the District of Columbia granted.
No. 786. Burns Mortgage Company, Inc., petitioner, v. Erwin M.
Fried. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit
Court of Appeals for the Third Circuit granted.
No. 820. The Fairport, Painesville & Eastern Railroad Company,
petitioner, v. Mayme F. Meredith. Petition for writ of certiorari to
the Court of Appeals, 7th Judicial District, State of Ohio, granted.
No. 802. John C. Lewis, as Receiver of the Hancock National
Bank of Sparta, Georgia, petitioner, v. Fidelity & Deposit Company
of Maryland. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Circuit Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit granted.
No. 666. Dr. L. H. Ferguson, Mayor of the City of Monett, Mis-
souri, petitioner, v. The State of Missouri on the Information of
Royle Ellis, Prosecuting Attorney for Barry County, Missouri, et al.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of the State of
Missouri denied.
No. 733. Amplus Storage Battery Company, petitioner, v. The
United States. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Claims
denied.
No. 772. Charles K. Cregier, petitioner, v. Conway P. Coe, Com-
missioner of Patents. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court
of Appeals of the District of Columbia denied.
No. 773. Ford Motor Company, a corporation, to the use and ben-
efit of Jewel Tea Co., Inc., petitioner, v. The United States. Petition
for writ of certiorari to the Court of Claims denied.
No. 776. Patrick J. Lucey, Receiver of National Life Insurance
Company of the United States of America, petitioner, v. The United
States. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Claims denied.
No. 778. The Missouri Pacific Railroad Company, petitioner, v.
Mildred Homan. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme
Court of the State of Missouri denied.
No. 785. Northwest Utilities Securities Corporation, petitioner,
v. Guy T. Helvering, Commissioner of Internal Revenue. Petition
for writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals
for the Eighth Circuit denied.

MONDAY, MARCH 19, 1934
189
No. 793. Hidalgo County Drainage District No. 1, petitioner, v.
H. D. Creath, Receiver of First National Bank of Smithville. Peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of
Appeals for the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 788. Eva C. Kensey, Administratrix of the Estate of John
Kensey, deceased, petitioner, v. Central Railroad Company of New
Jersey. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit
Court of Appeals for the Third Circuit denied.
No. 797. George R. Benson, petitioner, v. R. C. Sullivan, Receiver
of the Inland-Irving National Bank of Chicago. Petition for writ
of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the
Seventh Circuit denied.
No. 810. The Springfield Fire and Marine Insurance Company,
petitioner, v. The J. T. Wilson Company. Petition for writ of
certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the
Sixth Circuit denied.
No. 763. The United States, petitioner, v. Fidelity Investment
Association. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Claims
denied.
No. 784. Maryland Casualty Company, petitioner, v. O. M. Seay,
T. P. Hull, et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United
States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 794. Felicia DeLuca, as Administratrix of the Goods, Chat-
tels and Credits which were of Giovani DeLuca, deceased, petitioner,
v. Shepard Steamship Company, Inc. Petition for writ of certiorari
to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit
denied.
No. 796. Illinois Bankers Life Association of Monmouth, Illinois,
et al., petitioners, v. S. L. Talley, Administrator of the Estate of
Thomas F. Scoggins, deceased. Petition for writ of certiorari to
the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit
denied.
No. 798. General Securities Corporation, petitioner, v. City of
Homewood, a. Municipal Corporation. Petition for writ of certiorari
to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit
denied.
No. 800. Katharine Minot Channing, petitioner, v. The United
States of America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United
States Circuit Court of Appeals for the First Circuit denied.
No. 738. Big Lake Oil Company, petitioner, v. D. B. Heiner, Col-
lector of Internal Revenue of the United States for the Twenty
Third District of Pennsylvania. Petition for rehearing denied.

MONDAY, MARCH 19, 1934
190
No. 768. Western & Atlantic Railroad, appellant, v. Mrs. Vinnie
Michael. Petition for rehearing denied.
No. In Re Disbarment of Maurice R. Woulfe. Thirty days
additional time granted within which to file return to rule to show
cause.
No. 355. Trinityfarm Construction Company, appellant, v. Alice
Lee Grosjean, Supervisor of Public Accounts for the State of
Louisiana. Time within which to file petition for rehearing ex-
tended thirty days and mandate stayed on motion of Mr. John C.
White in behalf of counsel for appellant.
Adjourned until Monday, April 2 next, at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Monday, April 2, will be as follows: Nos. 655,
660, 727 (and 728), 731, 689 (and 722), 783, 791 (and 792), and
807.

MONDAY, APRIL 2, 1934
191
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: The Chief Justice, Mr. Justice Van Devanter, Mr. Jus-
tice McReynolds, Mr. Justice Brandeis, Mr. Justice Sutherland, Mr.
Justice Butler, Mr. Justice Stone, Mr. Justice Roberts, and Mr.
Justice Cardozo.
Ray S. Pierson, of Burlington, Kan.; W. F. Norrell, of Monti-
cello, Ark.; Richard H. Tyrrell, of Milwaukee, Wis.; Lionel B.
Browne, of San Francisco, Calif.; W. G. Paul, of Los Angeles,
Calif.; Clement F. Springer, of Chicago, Ill.; Henry Jadd, of Buf-
falo, N.Y.; Thos. M. Darnall, of Roanoke, Va.; Marcy Finkelstein,
of New York City; and Paul L. Selby, of Columbus, Ohio, were
admitted to practice.
No. 585. John Pokora, petitioner, v. The Wabash Railway Com-
pany. On writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of
Appeals for the Seventh Circuit. Judgment reversed with costs,
and cause remanded to the District Court of the United States for
the Southern District of Illinois for further proceedings in con-
formity with the opinion of this Court. Opinion by Mr. Justice
Cardozo.
No. 627. F. J. Utley and D. T. Utley, appellants, v. City of St.
Petersburg, Florida. Appeal from the Supreme Court of the State
of Florida. Dismissed for want of jurisdiction. Opinion by Mr.
Justice Cardozo.
No. 449. E. W. Clark, as Receiver, petitioner, v. Harry O. Wil-
liard, W. W. Wheaton, and C. W. Hay, as Trustees of Gordon
Campbell-Kevin Syndicate et al. On writ of certiorari to the Su-
preme Court of the State of Montana. Decree vacated with costs
insofar as it adjudges the validity and priority of respondents'
execution and cause remanded to the said Supreme Court for further
proceedings not inconsistent with the opinion of this Court.
Opinion by Mr. Justice Cardozo. Separate opinion by Mr. Justice
McReynolds.
No. 555. Monamotor Oil Company, appellant, v. Ray E. Johnson,
Treasurer of the State of Iowa, et al. Appeal from the District
Court of the United States for the Southern District of Iowa.
Decree affirmed with costs. Opinion by Mr. Justice Roberts.
No. 611. Electric Cable Joint Company, petitioner, v. Brooklyn
Edison Company, Inc. On writ of certiorari to the United States
13563-34 75

MONDAY, APRIL 2, 1934
192
Circuit Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit. Decree affirmed
with costs, and cause remanded to the District Court of the United
States for the Eastern District of New York. Opinion by Mr.
Justice Stone.
No. 578. Alice Aschenbrenner, petitioner, v. United States Fidelity
& Guaranty Company. On writ of certiorari to the United States
Circuit Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit. Judgment reversed
with costs, and cause remanded to the District Court of the United
States for the Northern District of California for further proceed-
ings in conformity with the opinion of this Court. Opinion by Mr.
Justice Stone.
No. 498. The Federal Land Bank of Berkeley, petitioner, v.
Samuel S. Warner et ux, et al. On writ of certiorari to the Supreme
Court of the State of Arizona. Judgment reversed with costs, and
cause remanded to the said Supreme Court for further proceedings
not inconsistent with the opinion of this Court. Opinion by Mr.
Justice Butler.
No. 575. John L. Gilvary, petitioner, v. Cuyahoga Valley Railway
Company. On writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of the State
of Ohio. Judgment affirmed with costs. Opinion by Mr. Justice
Butler. Mr. Justice Stone and Mr. Justice Cardozo concur in the
result.
On
No. 579. Charles Ilfeld Company, petitioner, v. B. C. Hernandez,
Collector of Internal Revenue for the District of New Mexico.
writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for
the Tenth Circuit. Judgment affirmed with costs, and cause re-
manded to the District Court of the United States for the District of
New Mexico. Opinion by Mr. Justice Butler.
No. 589. A. Magnano Company, appellant, v. G. W. Hamilton, as
Attorney General of the State of Washington, et al., etc. Appeal
from the District Court of the United States for the Western Dis-
trict of Washington. Decree affirmed with costs. Opinion by Mr.
Justice Sutherland.
No. 669. John N. Minnich, petitioner, v. Russell Gardner et al.,
Intervening Creditors, and D. C. Reiley, Trustee of King Motor
Co., Bankrupt. On writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit
Court of Appeals for the Third Circuit. Decree reversed with costs,
and cause remanded to the District Court of the United States for
the Western District of Pennsylvania for further proceedings in
conformity with the opinion of this Court. Opinion by Mr. Justice
Sutherland.
No. 663. Charles E. Gay, Jr., Receiver of Savannah & Atlanta
Railway, petitioner, v. Major Ruff. On writ of certiorari to the

MONDAY, APRIL 2, 1934
193
United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit. Judg-
ment affirmed with costs, and cause remanded to the District Court
of the United States for the Southern District of Georgia. Opinion
by Mr. Justice Brandeis.
No. 614. Chris Larsen, petitioner, v. Northland Transportation
Company, Charterer of the American Motor Vessel "Norco." On
I writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for
the Ninth Circuit. Decree affirmed with costs, and cause remanded
to the District Court of the United States for the Western District
of Washington. Opinion by Mr. Justice McReynolds.
No. 342. State of Florida, Eugene S. Matthews, Mamie Eaton
Greene, and W. B. Douglass, etc., et al., appellants, v. The United
States of America, Interstate Commerce Commission, Georgia Public
Service Commission, and Atlantic Coast Line Railroad Company.
Appeal from the District Court of the United States for the North-
ern District of Georgia. Decree affirmed. Opinion by Mr. Chief
Justice Hughes.
No. 824. State of Missouri, appellant, v. Missouri Pacific Railway
Company, Missouri Pacific Railroad Company and L. W. Baldwin,
Receiver. Appeal from the District Court of the United States for
the Eastern District of Missouri. Dismissed for want of jurisdic-
tion. Opinion, per curiam, announced by Mr. Chief Justice Hughes.
No. 651. J. B. Gully, State Tax Collector, et al., appellants, v.
Interstate Natural Gas Company. Appeal from the District Court
of the United States for the Southern District of Mississippi. De-
cree reversed with costs, and cause remanded for further proceedings
in conformity with opinion of this Court.
No. 635. William J. McGarrity, Administrator C.T.A. of the
Estate of Marcius O. Raiguel, appellant, v. Delaware River Bridge
Commission and The Commonwealth of Pennsylvania. Appeal from
the Court of Common Pleas No. 1, Philadelphia County, Common-
wealth of Pennsylvania. Appeal dismissed for want of properly
presented substantial federal question. Opinion, per curiam, an-
nounced by Mr. Chief Justice Hughes.
The Chief Justice announced the following orders of the Court:
No. 885. Frank Silsby, appellant, v. The State of Louisiana. Ap-
peal from the Supreme Court of the State of Louisiana. Per
curiam: The motion for leave to proceed further herein in forma
pauperis is denied. The appeal is dismissed for the want of juris-
diction. Sec. 237 (a) Judicial Code, as amended by the Act of
February 13, 1925 (43 Stat. 936, 937). Treating the papers whereon

MONDAY, APRIL 2, 1934
194
the appeal was allowed as a petition for writ of certiorari as re-
quired by Sec. 237 (c) Judicial Code as amended (43 Stat. 936, 938),
certiorari is denied.
No. 857. Ralph Sollitt & Sons Construction Company, appellant,
v. The Commonwealth of Virginia. Appeal from the Supreme
Court of Appeals of the State of Virginia. Per curiam: The ap-
peal herein is dismissed for the want of a substantial federal ques-
tion. Ohio River Contract Co. v. Gordon, 244 U.S. 68, 71, 72;
Gromer v. Standard Dredging Co., 224 U.S. 362, 371, 372; Equitable
Life Assurance Society v. Brown, 187 U.S. 308, 311; Wabash R.R.
Co. v. Flannigan, 192 U.S. 29; Roe v. Kansas, 278 U.S. 191;
American Baseball Club v. Philadelphia, 290 U.S. —.
No. 863. Frank Knass and Dina Knass, appellants, v. Madison
and Kedzie State Bank, Will H. Wade, Receiver of Madison and
Kedzie State Bank, et al. Appeal from the Supreme Court of the
State of Illinois. Per curiam: The motions of the appellees to dis-
miss the appeal herein are granted, and the appeal is dismissed for
the want of a substantial federal question. Quong Ham Wah Co.
v. Industrial Commission, 255 U.S. 445, 448, 449; Tidal Oil Co. v.
Flanagan, 263 U.S. 444, 451; Knights of Pythias v. Meyer, 265 U.S.
30, 32, 33; Hicklin v. Coney, 290 U.S. 169, 172.
No. 862. Sarah Braverman, appellant, v. Terrill Bond & Mortgage
Co., Arthur B. Knight et al. Appeal from the Supreme Court of
the State of Illinois. Per curiam: The motion of the appellees to
dismiss the appeal herein is granted, and the appeal is dismissed for
the want of jurisdiction. Sec. 237 (a) Judicial Code as amended by
the Act of February 13, 1925 (43 Stat. 936, 937). Treating the
papers whereon the appeal was allowed as a petition for writ of cer-
tiorari, as required by Sec. 237 (c) Judicial Code as amended (43
Stat. 936, 938), certiorari is denied.
The Chief Justice said:
"The other orders of the Court appear upon the list certified to
by the Chief Justice and filed with the Clerk and will not be an-
nounced orally."
No. 742. Bertha Meyer Smith, petitioner, v. The United States of
America. The motion for leave to proceed further here in in forma
pauperis is granted.
No. 860. Lawrence M. Fine, petitioner, v. The United States of
America. On petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Circuit Court of Appeals for the Seventh Circuit. The motion for
leave to proceed further herein in forma pauperis is denied for the
reason that the Court, upon examination of the papers herein sub-
mitted, finds no ground upon which a writ of certiorari should be
granted. The petition for writ of certiorari is therefore also denied.

MONDAY, APRIL 2, 1934
195
No. 872. John Marshall, petitioner, v. The People of the State of
New York. On petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court
of the State of New York. The motion for leave to proceed further
herein in forma pauperis is denied for the reason that the Court,
upon examination of the papers herein submitted, finds no ground
upon which a writ of certiorari should be granted. The petition for
writ of certiorari is therefore also denied.
No. 679. Elizabeth Rubio, a Minor, etc., petitioner, v. Filemon
Sotto. On petition for writ of ceritorari to the Supreme Court of
the Philippine Islands. The motion for leave to proceed further
herein in forma pauperis is denied for the reason that the Court,
upon examination of the papers herein submitted, finds no ground
upon which a writ of certiorari should be granted. The petition for
writ of certiorari is therefore also denied.
No. 884. Joseph M. Prevette, Administrator of the Estate of Carl
Ervin Creedmore, deceased, et al., petitioners, v. The United States
of America. On petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Circuit Court of Appeals for the Fourth Circuit. The motion for
leave to proceed further herein in forma pauperis is denied for the
reason that the Court, upon examination of the papers herein sub-
mitted, finds no ground upon which a writ of certiorari should be
granted. The petition for writ of certiorari is therefore also denied.
No. 856. W. B. Worthen Company, Agent, et al., appellants, v.
Mrs. W. D. Thomas. In this case probable jurisdiction is noted.
The motion of appellee to dismiss is denied. Further consideration
of the motion to affirm is postponed to the hearing of the case on
the merits.
No. 867. Indian Valley Railroad Company, appellant, v. The
United States of America, et al.
No. 868. State of Ohio, Public Utilities Commission of Ohio, et al.,
appellants, v. The United States of America, et al.; and
No. 886. The United States of America, et al., appellants, v. State
of Ohio, Public Utilities Commission of Ohio, et al. In these cases
probable jurisdiction is noted.
No. 815. John F. O'Ryan, as Commissioner of Police, etc., et al.,
petitioners, v. Mills Novelty Company. Petition for writ of certi-
orari to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Second
Circuit granted and the case assigned for argument on Monday,
April 30, next after the cases heretofore assigned for that day.
No. 734. Lewis Reynolds, petitioner, v. The United States. Peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the Court of Claims granted.
No. 831. Thomas M. Lynch, et al., etc., petitioners, v. The People
of the State of New York, upon the relation of Elizabeth Pierson.

MONDAY, APRIL 2, 1934
196
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of the State
of New York granted.
No. 790. W. J. Savage Company, petitioner, v. City of Knoxville,
et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of the
State of Tennessee denied.
No. 821. Douglas C. Findlay, et al., petitioners, v. Florida East
Coast Railway Company, et al., etc. Petition for writ of certiorari
to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit
denied.
No. 789. General Paint Corporation, petitioner, v. Herman
Kramer. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit
Court of Appeals for the Tenth Circuit denied.
No. 803. Dinuba Associates, Ltd., petitioner, v. Killefer Manufac-
turer Company. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Circuit Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit denied.
No. 806. Pacific Mutual Life Insurance Company of California
et al., petitioners, v. Cleone R. McCombs et al., etc. Petition for writ
of certiorari to the Supreme Court of the State of Arkansas denied.
No. 811. Harpers Ferry and Potomac Bridge Company, peti-
tioner, v. Public Service Commission of West Virginia. Petition
for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Appeals of the State
of West Virginia denied.
No. 813. George Ulmen, petitioner, v. National Surety Company
of New York. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Circuit Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit denied.
No. 817. The West Shore Railroad Company and the New York
Central Railroad Company, Lessee, petitioners, v. The Board of
Public Utility Commissioners of the State of New Jersey. Petition
for writ of certiorari to the Court of Errors and Appeals of the
State of New Jersey denied.
No. 818. Terre Haute Electric Company, Inc., petitioner, v. Guy
T. Helvering, Commissioner of Internal Revenue; and
No. 819. Terre Haute Electric Company, Inc., petitioner, v. Guy
T. Helvering, Commissioner of Internal Revenue. Petition for
writs of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals
for the Seventh Circuit denied.
No. 822. Indemnity Insurance Company of North America, peti-
tioner, v. Dixon C. Sloan. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Fourth Circuit
denied.
No. 825. New York Trust Company as Trustee, petitioner, v. J. S.
Cargile, Dave Block, et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the

MONDAY, APRIL 2, 1934
197
United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Eighth Circuit
denied.
No. 828. The New England Newspaper Publishing Company, peti-
tioner, v. Frank E. Bonner; and
No. 846. Frank E. Bonner, petitioner, v. The New England News-
paper Publishing Company. Petitions for writs of certiorari to the
United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the First Circuit denied.
No. 829. The New England Newspaper Publishing Company, peti-
tioner, v. F. W. Griffith. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United
States Circuit Court of Appeals for the First Circuit denied.
No. 835. Atlantic Coast Line Railroad Company, petitioner, v.
Sarah Elizabeth Stringfellow, a Widow, etc. Petition for writ of
certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the
Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 836. Missouri Pacific Railroad Company and United States
Fidelity and Guaranty Company, petitioners, v. J. A. Treece. Peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of the State of
Arkansas denied.
No. 837. John Hill, petitioner, v. Carl Brewer, et al. Petition for
writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of the State of Louisiana
denied.
No. 845. Henry B. Willis, petitioner, v. The First Real Estate and
Investment Company, et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 853. Guy T. Helvering, Commissioner of Internal Revenue,
petitioner, v. St. Louis Southwestern Railway Company. Petition
for writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals
for the Eighth Circuit denied.
No. 816. Continental Oil Company, petitioner, v. Guy T. Helver-
ing, Commissioner of Internal Revenue. Petition for writ of cer-
tiorari to the Court of Appeals of the District of Columbia denied.
No. 841. Edward J. Posselius and Frank J. Posselius, Executors,
etc., petitioners, v. First National Bank-Detroit and Ernst Kern
Company. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of
the State of Michigan denied.
No. 842. James F. Huteson, petitioner, v. The United States of
America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit
Court of Appeals for the Seventh Circuit denied.
No. 850. The Northwestern Mutual Life Insurance Co., petitioner,
v. Florence H. West. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court
of Appeals of the District of Columbia denied.

MONDAY, APRIL 2, 1934
198
No. 812. Commercial Standard Insurance Company, petitioner, v.
Early Davis, et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United
States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 826. Irving Trust Company, as Trustee in Bankruptcy of
Broomhall, Killough & Co., Inc., petitioner, v. The Bank of America
National Association. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United
States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit denied.
No. 844. Bondholders' Committee of which J. Lester Fierman is
Chairman et al., petitioners, v. Realty Associates Securities Corpora-
tion, et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Circuit Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit denied.
No. 849. Title Guarantee and Trust Company, petitioner, v. Frank
Collis Bowers, Executor etc. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit
denied.
No. 852. Mary Foley Noakes, petitioner, v. Standard Oil Company
of Kentucky and S. McLemore. Petition for writ of certiorari to
the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Sixth Circuit
denied.
No. 876. The Nashville, Chattanooga & St. Louis Railway, peti-
tioner, v. Mrs. Effie Byars. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
Court of Appeals of the State of Kentucky denied.
No. 775. J. C. Myers, as Administrator of the estate of F. E.
Myers, deceased, petitioner, v. The United States. Petition for
writ of certiorari to the Court of Claims denied. The motion to
remand is also denied.
No. 89. Life & Casualty Insurance Company of Tennessee, appel-
lant, v. Ossie McCray; and
No. 509. Life & Casualty Insurance Company of Tennessee, appel-
lant, v. Albert Barefield;
No. 128. The Texas & Pacific Railway Company, petitioner, v. S.
O. Pottorff, Receiver etc.;
No. 428. Chassaniol et al., appellants, v. City of Greenwood; and
No. 725. The Mutual Life Insurance Company of New York, peti-
tioner v. Wells Fargo Bank & Union Trust Company. Petitions
for hearing denied.
The Chief Justice also announced the following order:
The Court will take a recess from Monday April 9 to Monday
April 30, next.

MONDAY, APRIL 2, 1934
199
No. original. Ex parte: Jesse C. Duke, petitioner. Motion
for leave to file petition for writ of mandamus submitted.
No. original. State of Ohio, complainant v. Guy T. Helver-
ing, Commissioner of Internal Revenue et al. Motion for leave to
file bill of complaint submitted by Mr. John W. Bricker for the
complainant.
No. -, original. State of Arizona, complainant v. State of Cali-
fornia, et al. Returns to rules to show cause presented.
No. 12, original. State of New Jersey, complainant, v. The City
of New York. Report of the defendant, presented.
No. 655. Roland Boynton, Attorney General of the State of
Kansas, petitioner, v. The Hutchinson Gas Company. Argument
commenced by Mr. John G. Egan for the petitioner, and continued
by Mr. Robert Stone for the respondent.
Adjourned until tomorrow at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Tuesday, April 3, will be as follows: Nos. 655,
660, 727, (and 728), 731, 689 (and 722), 783, 791 (and 792), and
808.
13563-34--76
☑

TUESDAY, APRIL 3, 1934
200
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: The Chief Justice, Mr. Justice Van Devanter, Mr. Jus-
tice McReynolds, Mr. Justice Brandeis, Mr. Justice Sutherland, Mr.
Justice Butler, Mr. Justice Stone, Mr. Justice Roberts, and Mr.
Justice Cardozo.
Lowry N. Coe, of Washington, D.C.; F. Ryan Duffy, of Fond du
Lac, Wisc.; Joseph R. Cook, of Ashtabula, Ohio; Geo. A. Butler, of
Philadelphia, Penna.; John N. Wheelock, of Chattanooga, Tenn.;
Roy L. Talbott, of Gaithersburg, Md.; Harry Benoit, of Twin Falls,
Idaho; Frederic Burnham, of Chicago, Ill.; Leonard B. Levy, of
New Orleans, La.; Orville W. Lee, of Chicago, Ill.; Miles G. Seeley,
of Chicago, Ill.; Marion G. Stahl, of New York City; Dorothee
Scarbrough, of Olympia, Wash.; Joseph H. White, of Douglas,
Ariz.; Jospek L. Peirce, of Nahant, Mass.; Linton B. West, of Cuth-
bert, Ga.; and F. Melville Milby, of Norfolk, Va., were admitted
to practice.
No. 655. Roland Boynton, Attorney General of the State of
Kansas, petitioner, v. The Hutchinson Gas Company. Argument
concluded by Mr. Robert Stone for the respondent. Leave granted
parties to file additional briefs on or before Friday next.
No. 660. Annie Sauder, Administratrix of the estate of Philip
Sauder, deceased, et al., petitioners, v. Mid-Continental Petroleum
Corporation. Argued by Mr. Harry W. Colmery for the petitioners,
and by Mr. Richard H. Wills for the respondent.
No. 727. Spring City Foundry Company, petitioner, v. Commis-
sioner of Internal Revenue; and
No. 728. Spring City Foundry Company, petitioner, v. Commis-
sioner of Internal Revenue. Argument commenced by Mr. Richard
H. Tyrell for the petitioner; continued by Mr. Erwin N. Griswold
for the respondent; and concluded by Mr. Edgar L. Wood for the
petitioner.
Adjourned until tomorrow at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Wednesday, April 4, will be as follows: Nos. 731,
689 (and 722), 783, 791 (and 792), and 807.
13563-34-77

WEDNESDAY, APRIL 4, 1934
201
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: The Chief Justice, Mr. Justice Van Devanter, Mr. Justice
McReynolds, Mr. Justice Brandeis, Mr. Justice Sutherland, Mr.
Justice Butler, Mr. Justice Stone, Mr. Justice Roberts, and Mr.
Justice Cardozo.
James R. Van Slyke, of St. Louis, Mo.; Charles P. Schwartz, of
Chicago, Ill.; Edwin J. C. Joerg, of Newark, N. J.; Samuel Shapero,
of Detroit, Mich.; Samuel J. Tennant, Jr., of New Orleans, La.;
Arthur W. Sullivan, of Boston, Mass.; and James H. Flanagan, of
Boston, Mass., were admitted to practice.
No. 731. Michael J. Healy, Chief of Police of Manchester, N.H.,
appellant, v. Louis D. Ratta. Argued by Mr. Thornton Lorimer
for the appellant and by Mr. Fred C. Demond for the appellee.
No. 689. Guy T. Helvering, Commissioner of Internal Revenue,
petitioner, v. The Independent Life Insurance Company; and
No. 722. Rockford Life Insurance Company, petitioner, v. Com-
missioner of Internal Revenue. Argued by Mr. Solicitor General
Biggs for the petitioner in No. 689 and the respondent in No. 722,
and by Mr. William Marshall Bullitt for the respondent in No. 689
and the petitioner in No. 722.
No. 783. Local Union Company, petitioner, v. William Hunt.
Argument commenced by Mr. Frederic Burnham for the petitioner.
Adjourned until tomorrow at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Thursday, April 5, will be as follows: Nos. 783,
791 (and 792), and 807.
☑
13563-34-78

THURSDAY, APRIL 5, 1934
202
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: The Chief Justice, Mr. Justice Van Devanter, Mr. Jus-
tice McReynolds, Mr. Justice Brandeis, Mr. Justice Sutherland, Mr.
Justice Butler, Mr. Justice Stone, Mr. Justice Roberts, and Mr.
Justice Cardozo.
No. 783. Local Loan Company, petitioner, v. William Hunt.
Argument continued by Mr. Frederic Burnham for the petitioner,
and concluded by Mr. Lloyd A. Faxon for the respondent.
No. 791. Sewell Lee Avery, petitioner, v. Commissioner of In-
ternal Revenue; and
No. 792. Sewell L. Avery, petitioner, v. Commissioner of Internal
Revenue. Argued by Mr. Leland K. Neeves for the petitioner, and
by Mr. Assistant Solicitor General MacLean for the respondent.
No. 807. Mississippi Valley Barge Line Company, appellant, v.
The United States of America, Interstate Commerce Commission,
Illinois Central Railroad Company, et al. Argued by Mr. James
R. Van Slyke for the appellant; by Mr. J. Stanley Payne for the
appellees, The United States and the Interstate Commerce Commis-
sion; and by Mr. Elmer A. Smith, for the appellees, Illinois Central
Railroad Company, et al. Leave granted appellant to file a reply
brief within five days.
Adjourned until Monday, April 9, next at 12 o'clock.
13563-34-79

MONDAY, APRIL 9, 1934
203
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: The Chief Justice, Mr. Justice Van Devanter, Mr. Justice
McReynolds, Mr. Justice Brandeis, Mr. Justice Sutherland, Mr.
Justice Butler, Mr. Justice Stone, Mr. Justice Roberts, and Mr.
Justice Cardozo.
Ralph M. Snyder, of Chicago, Ill.; Irving A. Fish, of Milwaukee,
Wis.; Markley Frankham, of New York City; Ormie C. Lance, of
Minneapolis, Minn.; Stanley Weiss, of St. Louis, Mo.; Frank J.
Dougherty, of Louisville, Ky.; Julius T. Long, of Shreveport, La.;
. Joseph I. Winslow, of Pittsburgh, Pa.; Raymond B. Tobias, of
Mount Carmel, Pa.; G. Ernest Jones, of Birmingham, Ala.; Robert
H. Gerdes, of San Francisco, Calif.; Felix L. Smith, of Hot Springs,
Ark.; Merritt A. Vickery, of Cleveland, Ohio.; Philip Pendleton
Gibson, of Huntington, W.Va.; Truman Henson, of New York City;
and Herbert L. Hanson, of New York City, were admitted to
practice.
No. 650. Hartford Accident & Indemnity Company and United
States Fidelity & Guaranty Company, appellants, v. Delta & Pine
Land Company. Appeal from the Supreme Court of the State of
Mississippi. Judgment reversed with costs, and cause remanded to
the said Supreme Court for further proceedings not inconsistent
with the opinion of this Court. Opinion by Mr. Justice Roberts.
No. 463. Hans Elliot and United States Fidelity and Guaranty
Company, petitioners, v. Thomas R. Lombard. On writ of certiorari
to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Fifth Cir-
cuit. Judgment reversed with costs, and cause remanded to the
said Circuit Court of Appeals for further proceedings in conform-
ity with the opinion of this Court. Opinion by Mr. Justice Van
Devanter.
The Chief Justice announced the following orders of the Court:
No. 655. Roland Boynton, Attorney General of the State of
Kansas, petitioner, v. The Hutchinson Gas Company. On writ of
certiorari to the Supreme Court of the State of Kansas. Per curiam:
The writ of certiorari herein is dismissed for the lack of showing of
service of summons and severance upon those appellees in the State
13563-34-80

MONDAY, APRIL 9, 1934
204
court who are not parties to the proceedings in this Court. Garcia v.
Vela, 216 U.S. 598; Journeymen Stone Cutters Ass'n v. United
States, 278 U.S. 566; Newton v. Consolidated Gas Co., 264 U.S. 571,
572; 265 U.S. 78, 81, 82.
No. 905. The People of the State of New York, ex rel. Dexter
Blagden, appellant, v. Thomas M. Lynch, John J. Merrill, and John
P. Hennessey, as Tax Commissioners of the State of New York.
Appeal from the Supreme Court of the State of New York, Albany
County. Per curiam: The appeal is dismissed for the want of juris-
diction. Section 237 (a), Judicial Code, as amended by the Act of
February 13, 1925 (43 Stat. 936, 937). Treating the papers whereon
the appeal was allowed as a petition for writ of certiorari, as re-
quired by Section 237 (c), Judicial Code, as amended (43 Stat.
936, 938), certiorari is denied.
No. 906. City of South Pasadena, appellant, v. City of San
Gabriel, Glenn Evans, James M. Fisk, et al., etc. Appeal from the
District Court of Appeal, 2nd Appellate District, State of Cali-
fornia. Per curiam: The appeal is dismissed for the want of
jurisdiction. Section 237(a), Judicial Code as amended by the
Act of February 13, 1925 (43 Stat. 936, 937). Treating the papers
whereon the appeal was allowed as a petition for writ of certiorari,
as required by Section 237 (c), Judicial Code as amended (43 Stat.
936, 938), certiorari is denied.
The Chief Justice said:
"The other orders of the Court appear upon the list certified
to by the Chief Justice and filed with the Clerk and will not be
announced orally."
No., original. Ex parte: Jesse C. Duke, petitioner. Motion
for leave to file petition for writ of mandamus is denied. The mo-
tion for leave to proceed in forma pauperis is also denied.
No.
- original. State of Ohio, complainant, v. Guy T. Helver-
ing, Commissioner of Internal Revenue, et al. A rule is ordered to
issue, returnable April 30 next, requiring defendants to show cause
why leave to file the bill of complaint should not be granted.
No. 12, original. State of New Jersey, complainant, v. City of
New York. Report of defendant is received and ordered to be filed.
No. 897. John O. Keys, petitioner, v. Samuel H. Keets and
Lumina Keets, his wife, and
No. 898. John O. Keys, petitioner, v. Bessie Hansborough, et al.
On petition for writs of certiorari to the Court of Appeals of the
District of Columbia. The motion for leave to proceed further

MONDAY, APRIL 9, 1934
205
herein in forma pauperis is denied for the reason that the Court,
upon examination of the papers herein submitted, finds no ground
upon which writs of certiorari should be granted. The petition for
writs of certiorari is therefore also denied.
No. 911. Lucinda V. Bodenheimer, petitioner, v. Confederate
Memorial Association. On petition for writ of certiorari to the
United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Fourth Circuit.
The motion for leave to proceed further herein in forma pauperis is
denied for the reason that the Court, upon examination of the papers
herein submitted, finds no ground upon which a writ of certiorari
should be granted. The petition for writ of certiorari is therefore
also denied.
No. 920. The State of Texas, Railroad Commission of the State
of Texas, et al., appellants, v. The United States of America, et al.
In this case probable jurisdiction is noted.
No. 834. The United States, petitioner, v. The Creek Nation.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Claims granted.
No. 873. Guy T. Helvering, Commissioner of Internal Revenue,
petitioner, v. New York Trust Company, Trustee, etc.; and
No. 899. The New York Trust Company, as Trustee, etc., peti-
tioner, v. Guy T. Helvering, Commissioner of Internal Revenue.
Petitions for writs of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court
of Appeals for the Second Circuit granted.
No. 855. Mrs. Margaret Shea Lynch, petitioner, v. The United
States of America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United
States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit granted.
No. 861. Sam Wilner, in his own right and as Administrator, etc.,
petitioner, v. The United States of America. Petition for writ of
certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the
Seventh Circuit granted.
No. 870. Claire A. Warner, Administratrix, etc., petitioner, v.
Edward F. Goltra, doing business under the style and name of The
Goltra Barge Line. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme
Court of the State of Missouri granted.
No. 823. D. H. Burnham, petitioner, v. Arcola Sugar Mills Com-
pany. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit
Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 830. Emerson E. Rossmoore, petitioner, v. Charles W. Ander-
son, Individually and as Collector of Internal Revenue for the
Third District of New York. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit
denied.

MONDAY, APRIL 9, 1934
206
No. 839. Kansas City Structural Steel Company et al., petitioners,
v. Jewell McWhirter Daggett, Widow, et al. Petition for writ of
certiorari to the Supreme Court of the State of Missouri denied.
No. 851. Robert L. May, petitioner, v. District of Columbia.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals of the District
of Columbia denied.
No. 877. St. Paul Bridge & Terminal Railway Company, peti-
tioner, v. Esther Genova, Special Administratrix of the estate of
Charles Genova, deceased. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
Supreme Court of the State of Minnesota denied.
No. 878. St. Paul Bridge & Terminal Railway Company, peti-
tioner, v. Oresto Natalino. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
Supreme Court of the State of Minnesota denied.
No. 690. The Apartment Corporation, petitioner, v. Guy T..
Helvering, Commissioner of Internal Revenue. Petition for writ
of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the
Fourth Circuit denied.
No. 696. Standard Oil Company of New Jersey and J. C. King,
petitioners, v. Frank R. Thompson. Petition for writ of certiorari
to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Fourth Cir-
cuit denied.
No. 848. Standard Oil Company, petitioner, v. John P. McLaugh-
lin, United States Collector of Internal Revenue, etc. Petition for
writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for
the Ninth Circuit denied.
No. 875. Otto J. Bauman, as County Treasurer of Douglas County,
Nebraska, etc., et al., petitioners, v. Chicago and North Western
Railway Company. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United
States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Eighth Circuit denied.
No. 858. William F. Perry et al., Trustees, petitioners, v. Frank
A. Page, Collector of Internal Revenue. Petition for writ of cer-
tiorari to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the First
Circuit denied.
Eldredge Price, etc., petitioner,
Petition for writ of certiorari
No. 799. Eldredge S. Price, alias
v. The United States of America.
to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Fifth Cir-
cuit denied.
No. 833. The United States of America, ex relatione Thaddeus R.
Wilkinson and George J. Coleman, petitioners, v. Frank T. Hines,
Administrator of Veterans' Affairs. Petition for writ of certiorari.
to the Court of Appeals of the District of Columbia denied.

MONDAY, APRIL 9, 1934
207
No. 866. Alfred C. Blumenthal, petitioner, v. Albert M. Green-
field. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit
Court of Appeals for the Third Circuit denied.
No. 937. The Columbus Gas and Fuel Company, appellant, v. The
Public Utilities Commission of Ohio and the City of Columbus,
Ohio. Motion to note jurisdiction and to assign for argument sub-
mitted by Mr. Albert M. Calland for the appellant and position of
appellee, City of Columbus, in regard thereto stated by Mr. John L.
Davies.
The Chief Justice announced the following orders of the Court:
No. 608. The Columbus Gas and Fuel Company, appellant, v. The
Public Utilities Commission of Ohio et al. Petition for rehearing
denied.
No. 937. The Columbus Gas and Fuel Company, appellant, v. The
Public Utilities Commission of Ohio et al. In this case probable
jurisdiction is noted and the case is assigned for argument on Mon-
day, April 30 next after the cases heretofore assigned for that day.
Adjourned until Monday, April 30 next at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Monday, April 30 will be as follows: Nos. 787,
709, 847, 815, 937, 734, 832, 843, 786, and 795.

MONDAY, APRIL 30, 1934
208
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: The Chief Justice, Mr. Justice Van Devanter, Mr.
Justice McReynolds, Mr. Justice Brandeis, Mr. Justice Sutherland,
Mr. Justice Butler, Mr. Justice Stone, Mr. Justice Roberts, and
Mr. Justice Cardozo.
Milton Hertz, of New York City; Samuel Rubinton, of New
York City; George A. Dondero, of Royal Oak, Mich.; Edward
Marcu, of Philadelphia, Pa.; J. Irwin Shapiro, of New York City;
Eustis Myres, of Dallas, Tex.; Charles Rosenbaum, of Denver,
Colo.; James L. Skerritt, of New York City; Herbert F. Horner,
of Minneapolis, Minn.; John H. Jackson, of New York City; J..
Donald MacKnight, of New York City; Donald Malcolm, of New
York City; Louis J. Holther, of Ogden, Utah; J. C. Hall, of San
Antonio, Tex.; Herldon Bowen, of Evanston, Ill.; Lyman Stansky,
of New York City; Chas. J. Hoover, of Washington, D.C.; Oscar
S. Mann, of New York City; Walter C. Woodward, of Coleman,
Tex.; Calhoun Yancey Byrd, of Delray Beach, Fla.; Perse L.
Gaskins, of Jacksonville, Fla.; Hyman G. Gould, of Rochester, N.Y.;
Max Cohen, of Rochester, N.Y.; David Rosenthal, of Wilkes-Barre,
Pa.; Peter P. Jurchak, of Wilkes-Barre, Pa.; Peter O. Sathre, of
Bismarck, N.D.; and Claude G. Krause, of Minneapolis, Minn.,
were admitted to practice.
No. 807. Mississippi Valley Barge Line Company, appellant, v.
The United States of America, Interstate Commerce Commission,
Illinois Central Railroad Company, et al. Appeal from the District
Court of the United States for the Eastern Division of Missouri.
Decree affirmed. Opinion by Mr. Justice Cardozo.
No. 609. The Dayton Power and Light Company, appellant, v.
The Public Utilities Commission of Ohio. Appeal from the Su-
preme Court of the State of Ohio. Motion to amend assignments
or error granted. Decree affirmed with costs. Opinion by Mr. Jus-
tice Cardozo. Mr. Justice Van Devanter and Mr. Justice Sutherland
took no part in the consideration or decision of this case. Mr.
Justice McReynolds and Mr. Justice Butler concur in the result.
No. 660. Annie Sauder, Administratrix of the Estate of Philip
Sauder deceased, et al., petitioners, v. Mid-Continent Petroleum
13563-34-81

MONDAY, APRIL 30, 1934
209
Corporation. On writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit
Court of Appeals for the Tenth Circuit. Decree reversed with costs,
and case remanded to the District Court of the United States for the
District of Kansas for further proceedings in conformity with the
opinion of this Court. Opinion by Mr. Justice Roberts. Mr. Jus-
tice Stone took no part in the consideration or decision of this case.
No. 731. Michael J. Healy, Chief of Police of Manchester, N.H.,
appellant v. Louis D. Ratta. Appeal from the United States Cir-
cuit Court of Appeals for the First Circuit. Decree reversed with
costs, and cause remanded to the District Court of the United States
for the District of New Hampshire with directions to dismiss the
cause for want of jurisdiction. Opinion by Mr. Justice Stone.
No. 580. Elias A. Olson, petitioner, v. The United States of
America;
No. 581. Randor G. Karlson, petitioner, v. The United States of
America; and
No. 582. Harry Brewster, petitioner, v. The United States of
America. On writs of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court
of Appeals for the Eighth Circuit. Judgments affirmed and cases
remanded to the District Court of the United States for the District
of Minnesota. Opinion by Mr. Justice Butler.
No. 783. Local Loan Company, petitioner, v. William Hunt. On
writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals
for the Seventh Circuit. Decree affirmed with costs, and cause
remanded to the District Court of the United States for the North-
ern District of Illinois. Opinion by Mr. Justice Sutherland.
No. 565. Ruth Loughran, petitioner, v. John Loughran, Joseph
Loughran, and Charles Loughran, Trustees of the Estate of Daniel
Loughran, Sr. On writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals of
the District of Columbia. Decree reversed with costs, and cause
remanded to the said Court of Appeals for further proceedings not
inconsistent with the opinion of this Court. Opinion by Mr.
Justice Brandeis.
No. 597. Robert J. McKnett, petitioner, v. St. Louis & San Fran-
cisco Railway Company. On writ of certiorari to the Supreme
Court of the State of Alabama. Judgment reversed with costs, and
cause remanded to the said Supreme Court for further proceedings
not inconsistent with the opinion of this Court. Opinion by Mr.
Justice Brandeis.
No. 106. W. D. Sanders, petitioner, v. Armour Fertilizer Works
and National Fire Insurance Company. On writ of certiorari to
the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit.
Judgment affirmed, and cause remanded to the District Court of the

MONDAY, APRIL 30, 1934
210
United States for the Eastern District of Texas. Opinion by Mr.
Justice McReynolds. Dissenting opinion by Mr. Justice Cardozo
in which the Chief Justice, Mr. Justice Brandeis and Mr. Justice
Stone join.
No. 791. Sewell Lee Avery, petitioner, v. Commissioner of In-
ternal Revenue; and
No. 792. Sewell L. Avery, pétitioner, v. Commissioner of Internal
Revenue. On writs of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court
of Appeals for the Seventh Circuit. Judgments reversed and cases
remanded to the said Circuit Court of Appeals for further proceed-
ings in conformity with the opinion of this Court. Opinion by Mr.
Justice McReynolds.
No. 440. Banjamin F. Lindheimer, and others Constituting the
Illinois Commerce Commission of the State of Illinois, Otto Kerner,
Attorney General of the State of Illinois and City of Chicago, appel-
lants, v. Illinois Bell Telephone Company; and
No. 548. Illinois Bell Telephone Company, appellant, v. Ben-
jamin F. Lindheimer, and others, Constituting the Illinois Com-
merce Commission of the State of Illinois; Otto Kerner, Attorney
General of the State of Illinois and the City of Chicago. Appeals
from the District Court of the United States for the Northern Dis-
trict of Illinois. In No. 440, decree reversed with costs and cause
remanded with direction to dissolve the interlocutory injunction,
to provide for the refunding, in accordance with the terms of that
injunction and of the bonds given pursuant thereto, of the amounts
charged by the Company in excess of the rates in suit, and to dis-
miss the bill of complaint. In No. 548, appeal dismissed. Opinion
by Mr. Chief Justice Hughes. Concurring opinion by Mr. Justice
Butler.
No. 727. Spring City Foundry Company, petitioner, v. Commis-
sioner of Internal Revenue; and
No. 728. Spring City Foundry Company, petitioner, v. Commis-
sioner of Internal Revenue. On writs of certiorari to the United
States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Seventh Circuit. Judg-
ments affirmed, and cases remanded to the said Circuit Court of
Appeals. Opinion by Mr. Chief Justice Hughes.
The Chief Justice announced the following orders of the Court:
No. 919. George Lutz, appellant, v. Frank S. Houck, as President,
and others, as Members Constituting the New York State Board of
Pharmacy. Appeal from the Supreme Court of the State of New
York. Per curiam: The motion of the appellees to dismiss the ap-
peal herein is granted, and the appeal is dismissed for the want

MONDAY, APRIL 30, 1934
211
of a substantial federal question. Hayes v. Missouri, 120 U.S. 68,
71, 72; Budd v. New York, 143 U.S. 517, 548; Toyota v. Hawaii,
226 U.S. 184, 191, 192; Packard v. Banton, 264 U.S. 140, 143, 144;
Radice v. New York, 264 U.S. 292, 296; Miller v. Wilson, 236 U.S.
373, 384; Price v. Illinois, 238 U.S. 446, 453; Silver v. Silver, 280
U.S. 117, 123, 124; Sproles v. Binford, 286 U.S. 374, 396.
No. 990. Northwest Bancorporation, appellant, v. Elmer A. Ben-
son, Commissioner of Banks of the State of Minnesota, et al., etc.
Application for restraining order pending appeal is denied. Mr.
Justice Butler took no part in the consideration or decision of this
application.
The Chief Justice said:
"The other orders of the Court appear upon the list certified to
by the Chief Justice and filed with the Clerk and will not be
announced orally."
-.
No. —, original. Ex parte: Milford B. Martin, petitioner. The
motion for leave to file petition for writ of habeas corpus is denied.
No. In Re Disbarment of T. Morris Wampler and Mortimer
M. Harris. Rules are ordered to issue requiring these members of
the Bar of this Court to show cause under Rule 2 why they should
not be disbarred from further practice of the law in this Court.
No. 918. Grant O. Beale, petitioner, v. The People of the State
of New York. On petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme
Court of the State of New York. The motion for leave to proceed.
further herein in forma pauperis is denied for the reason that the
Court, upon examination of the papers herein submitted, finds no
ground upon which a writ of certiorari should be granted. The peti-
tion for writ of certiorari is therefore also denied.
No. 927. Parker H. Lee, petitioner, v. A. C. Aderhold, Warden,
U.S. Penitentiary, Atlanta, Georgia. On petition for writ of certi-
orari to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Fifth
Circuit. The motion for leave to proceed further herein in forma
pauperis is denied, for the reason that the Court, upon examina-
tion of the papers herein submitted, finds no ground upon which a
writ of certiorari should be granted. The petition for writ of certi-
orari is therefore also denied.
No. 931. C. W. Upton, petitioner, v. J. Frank Harrison, Executor,
etc., et al. On petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Circuit Court of Appeals for the Fourth Circuit. The motion for
leave to proceed further herein in forma pauperis is denied for the
reason that the Court, upon examination of the papers herein sub-
mitted, finds no ground upon which a writ of certiorari should be
granted. The petition for writ of certiorari is therefore also denied.

MONDAY, APRIL 30, 1934
212
No. 943. R. A. Bridges, petitioner, v. State of Alabama. On peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals of the State of
Alabama. The motion for leave to proceed further herein in forma
pauperis is denied for the reason that the Court, upon examination
of the papers herein submitted, finds no ground upon which a writ
of certiorari should be granted. The petition for writ of certiorari
is therefore also denied.
No. 935. Cephas F. Perkins and His Wife, Louise E. Perkins,
petitioners, v. Honorable Frank Harrison, Presiding Judge of the
Superior Court of the State of Arizona, etc. On petition for writ
of certiorari to the Supreme Court of the State of Arizona. The
motion for leave to proceed further herein in forma pauperis is
denied for the reason that the Court, upon examination of the
papers herein submitted, finds no ground upon which a writ of
certiorari should be granted. The petition for writ of certiorari
is therefore also denied.
No. 971. Agnes E. Lewis, Testamentary Executor etc., petitioner,
v. James D. Simon, Judge of the Sixteenth Judicial District Court
in and for the Parish of Iberia, State of Louisiana. On petition for
writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of the State of Louisiana.
The motion for leave to proceed further herein in forma pauperis is
denied for the reason that the Court, upon examination of the papers
herein submitted, finds no ground upon which a writ of certiorari
should be granted. The petition for writ of certiorari is therefore
also denied.
No. 984. George Small, petitioner, v. The People of the State of
New York. On petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court
of the State of New York. The motion for leave to proceed further
herein in forma pauperis is denied for the reason that the Court,
upon examination of the papers herein submitted, finds no ground
upon which a writ of certiorari should be granted. The petition for
writ of certiorari is therefore also denied.
No. 989. United States ex rel. Alfred R. Nerbonne, petitioner, v.
Henry C. Hill, Warden, etc. On petition for writ of certiorari to
the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Third Circuit.
The motion for leave to proceed further herein in forma pauperis is
denied for the reason that the Court, upon examination of the papers
herein submitted, finds no ground upon which a writ of certiorari
should be granted. The petition for writ of certiorari is therefore
also denied.
No. 944. J. M. Lee, as Comptroller of the State of Florida, ap-
pellant v. John P. Bickell, et al., etc. In this case probable jurisdic-
tion is noted. The motion to advance is granted and the case is
assigned for argument on Wednesday, May 9, next.

MONDAY, APRIL 30, 1934
213
No. 959. Missouri Pacific Railroad Company et al., appellants, v.
The United States of America, et al. In this case probable juris-
diction is noted.
No. 988. Hegeman Farms Corporation, appellant, v. Charles H.
Baldwin, et al. In this case probable jurisdiction is noted. The case
is assigned for agument on Monday, October 8, 1934.
No. 901. George W. McCandless, as receiver of Duquesne Gas
Corporation, petitioner, v. Maxine H. Furlaud, et al. Petition for
writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for
the Second Circuit granted limited to the questions pertaining to the
validity of the appointment of the petitioner as ancillary receiver,
and his right as such to maintain this suit.
No. 887. Guy T. Helvering, Commissioner of Internal Revenue,
petitioner, v. Susan Dwight Bliss. Petition for writ of certiorari to
the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit
granted.
No. 888. Guy T. Helvering, Commissioner of Internal Revenue,
petitioner, v. William Albert Harbison; and
No. 889. Guy T. Helvering, Commissioner of Internal Revenue,
petitioner, v. Mary Colgate. Petitions for writs of certiorari to the
United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit
granted.
No. 895. Guy T. Helvering, Commissioner of Internal Revenue,
petitioner, v. Stockholms Enskilda Bank. Petition for writ of
certiorari to the Court of Appeals of the District of Columbia
granted.
No. 904. Guy T. Helvering, Commissioner of Internal Revenue,
petitioner, v. Morgan's, Incorporated, et al. Petition for writ of
certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the
First Circuit granted.
No. 892. Thomas C. Rowley, as Treasurer of Converse County,
State of Wyoming, et al., petitioners, v. Chicago and Northwestern
Railway Company. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United
States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Tenth Circuit granted.
No. 883. The City of Waco, Texas, petitioner, v. United States
Fidelity & Guaranty Company, et al. Petition for writ of certiorari
to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit
granted.
No. 909. Detroit Trust Company, Trustee, petitioner, v. Steamer
"Thomas Barlum ", her engines, etc., et al.; and
No. 910. Detroit Trust Company, Trustee, petitioner, v. Steamer
"John J. Barlum " her engines, etc., et al. Petitions for writs of

MONDAY, APRIL 30, 1934
214
certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the
Second Circuit granted.
No. 854. Mike George, alias Mike Kouchoucos, petitioner, v. The
United States of America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit
denied.
No. 864. Winthrop Ames, petitioner, v. Guy T. Helvering, Com-
missioner of Internal Revenue. Petition for writ of certiorari to
the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the First Circuit
denied.
No. 871. Jimmie Beck Owsley, petitioner, v. The United States
of America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Circuit Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 893. Scow "Gildersleeve No. 325", by Gildersleeve Ship-
building Company, Claimant, petitioner, v. Thomas J. Howard, as
Owner etc; and
No. 894. Northwestern Fire & Marine Insurance Company, as In-
surer and Assignee, etc., petitioner, v. Seaboard Sand & Gravel Com-
pany. Petition for writs of certiorari to the United States Circuit
Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit denied.
No. 865. Lillie C. Pomeroy, George S. Pomeroy, Jr., et al., peti-
tioners, v. Guy T. Helvering, Commissioner of Internal Revenue.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals of the Dis-
trict of Columbia denied.
No. 879. Meseck Towing & Transportation Company, et al., peti-
tioners, v. Annie Baker, as Owner of the Barge "Elizabeth M.
Baker", et al.;
No. 880. Meseck Towing & Transportation Company, et al., peti-
tioners, v. Smith-Murphy Co., Inc., as Owner of a Cargo of Wheat,
etc.; and
No. 881. Meseck Towing & Transportation Company, et al., peti-
tioners, v. Joseph A. Ryan, as Owner of the Barge "Marion Ryan",
et al. Petition for writs of certiorari to the United States Circuit
Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit denied.
No. 882. Nathan Amchanitzky, petitioner, v. Francis J. Sinnott,
Substituted for John A. T. Carrougher, as Acting Postmaster of
Brooklyn. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Cir-
cuit Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit denied.
No. 890. Robert O. Eaton, Collector of Internal Revenue, peti-
tioner, v. Benjamin E. Harwood. Petition for writ of certiorari to
the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit.
denied.

MONDAY, APRIL 30, 1934
215
No. 891. Guy T. Helvering, Commissioner of Internal Revenue,
petitioner, v. Western Union Telegraph Company. Petition for writ
of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the
Second Circuit denied.
No. 900. Johanna F. Fiske, et al., petitioners, v. State of Missouri,
et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit
Court of Appeals for the Eighth Circuit denied.
No. 925. Stoody Company, petitioner, v. Mills Alloys, Inc., and
Oscar L. Mills. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Circuit Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit denied.
No. 896. Fred S. Olson, petitioner, v. Guy T. Helvering, Com-
missioner of Internal Revenue. Petition for writ of certiorari to
the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Seventh Circuit
denied.
No. 902. The Chevrolet Motor Company of St. Louis, petitioner,
v. Tom Watson. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Circuit Court of Appeals for the Eighth Circuit denied.
No. 912. Lehigh Valley Railroad Company, petitioner, v. Myra
McGrath, as Administratrix, etc. Petition for writ of certiorari to
the Supreme Court of the State of New York denied.
No. 913. Wade L. Street, Minnie Livingston, and Jennie L.
Mahon, as Executors, etc., petitioners, v. Commissioner of Internal
Revenue. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit
Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit denied.
No. 923. Lehigh & New England Railroad Company, petitioner, v.
Laurine Heister, as Administratrix, etc. Petition for writ of cer-
tiorari to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Second
Circuit denied.
No. 956. Parker Brothers, a Corporation, petitioner, v. Harry
Fagan, as Receiver of First National Bank of Arcadia, Florida.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of
Appeals for the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 958. The Delaware and Hudson Railroad Corporation, peti-
tioner, v. Olita Cottrell. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Third Circuit denied.
No. 916. State of Tennessee, ex rel. Luke Lea and Luke Lea, Jr.,
petitioners, v. Laurence E. Brown and Frank Lakey, Agents of the
State of North Carolina. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
Supreme Court of the State of Tennessee denied.
No. 824. State of Missouri, appellant, v. Missouri Pacific Railway
Company, et al. Petition for rehearing denied. Act of February
13, 1925, sec. 13 (43 Stat. 936, 942).

MONDAY, APRIL 30, 1934
216
No. 344. Puget Sound Power & Light Company, appellant, v. The
City of Seattle;
No. 355. Trinityfarm Construction Company, appellant, v. Alice
Lee Grosjean, Supervisor, etc.;
No. 796. Illinois Bankers Life Association of Monmouth, Illinois,
et al., petitioners, v. S. L. Talley, Administrator, etc.;
No. 797. George R. Benson. petitioner, v. R. C. Sullivan, Receiver.
etc.;
No. 804. John H. Betts. Doing Business under the Fictitious Style
and Firm name of John H. Betts Transportation Co., appellant, v.
Railroad Commission of the State of California;
No. 814. The People of the State of New York, on the relation of
Harry P. Sackett, appellant, v. Thomas M. Lynch, et al., etc.;
No. 857. Ralph Sollitt & Sons Construction Company, appellant,
v. The Commonwealth of Virginia;
No. 863. Frank Knass and Dina Knass, appellants, v. Madison
and Kedzie State Bank, et al.;
No. 627. F. J. Utley and D. T. Utley, appellants, v. City of St.
Petersburg, Florida;
No. 772. Charles K. Cregier, petitioner, v. Conway P. Coe, Com-
missioner of Patents;
No. 845. Henry B. Willis, petitioner, v. The First Real Estate
and Investment Company et al.; and
No. 848. Standard Oil Company, petitioner, v. John P. McLaugh-
lin, United States Collector of Internal Revenue, etc. Petitions for
rehearing denied.
No. 903. United States of America, ex rel. New York Warehouse,
Wharf and Terminal Association, Inc., et al., petitioners, v. George
H. Dern, Secretary of War. Consideration of petition for writ of
certiorari deferred for one week on motion of Mr. John Philip Hill
for the petitioner.
No. 867. Indian Valley Railroad Company, appellant, v. The
United States of America et al. Suggestion of failure of appellant
to comply with provisions of Equity Rule 75 (b) presented by Mr..
Solicitor General Biggs for the appellee, The United States of
America.
No. 869. The United States of America, appellant, v. J. W. Smith
et al. Motion to continue to October 1934 granted on motion of Mr..
Solicitor General Biggs for the appellant.
13563-34- -82

MONDAY, APRIL 30, 1934
217
No., original. State of Ohio, complainant, v. Guy T. Helver-
ing, Commissioner of Internal Revenue et al. Return to rule to
show cause presented.
-
No. In Re Disbarment of Maurice R. Woulfe. Return to rule
to show cause presented.
No. 801. Joe X. Newcomb and Crystal Ice Company, petitioners,
v. York Ice Machinery Corporation. On petition for writ of certi-
orari to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Fifth
Circuit. Dismissed on motion of counsel for the petitioners.
No. 787. Illinois Commerce Commission et al., appellants, v. The
United States of America et al. Three hours allowed for oral argu-
ment. Argument commenced by Mr. Luther M. Walter for the ap-
pellants, Acme Steel Company et al.; and continued by Mr. Herbert
J. Campbell for the appellant, Board of Trade of the City of
Chicago; and Mr. Daniel W. Knowlton for the appellees, The United
States and Interstate Commerce Commission.
Adjourned until tomorrow at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Tuesday, May 1, will be as follows: Nos. 787,
709, 847, 815, 937, 734, 832, 843, 786, and 795.

TUESDAY, MAY 1, 1934
218
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present The Chief Justice, Mr. Justice Van Devanter, Mr. Jus-
tice McReynolds, Mr. Justice Brandeis, Mr. Justice Sutherland, Mr.
Justice Butler, Mr. Justice Stone, Mr. Justice Roberts, and Mr.
Justice Cardozo.
Gladys Moran Chenery, of Boston, Mass.; Thomas Haywood
Brown, of Washington, D.C.; William L. Murphey, of Los Angeles,
Calif.; James R. Breaker, Jr., of Ypsilanti, Mich.; John Henderson
Hoffman, of Washington, D.C.; Douglas L. Hatch, of Washington,
D.C.; William J. Kane of Washington, D.C.; Otto F. Walter, of
Columbus, Nebr.; Vinson L. Smathers, of Washington, D.C.; John
O. Jackson, of Jacksonville, Fla.; Minnie E. Kehoe, of Miami, Fla.;
Peter G. May, of Washington, D.C.; John T. Donovan, of Washing-
ton, D.C.; W. Ernest C. Huthwaite, of Pontiac, Mich.; Scott P.
Squyres, of Oklahoma City, Okla.; David R. Milsten, of Tulsa,
Okla.; and J. M. Inman, of Sacramento, Calif., were admitted to
practice.
No. 787. Illinois Commerce Commission et al., appellants, v. The
United States of America, Interstate Commerce Commission, et al.
Argument continued by Mr. J. N. Davis for appellees, Alton Rail-
road Co. et al., and concluded by Mr. Luther M. Walter for appel-
lants, Acme Steel Co. et al.
No. 709. Eastman Kodak Company et al., petitioners, v. Charles
B. Gray. Argued by Mr. Dean S. Edmonds for the petitioners, and
by Mr. Thomas Raeburn White for the respondent.
No. 847. William Langer, as Governor of the State of North
Dakota et al., appellants, v. Grandin Farmers Co-Operative Ele-
vator Company of Grandin, North Dakota, et al: Argument com-
menced by Mr. P. O. Sathre for the appellants. The Court declined
to hear further argument.
No. 815. John F. O'Ryan, as Commissioner of Police, etc., et al,
petitioners, v. Mills Novelty Company. Argued by Mr. Paxton Blair
for the petitioners, and by Mr. Howard Ellis for the respondent.
No. 937. The Columbus Gas and Fuel Company, appellant, v. The
Public Utilities Commission of Ohio et al. Argument commenced by
Mr. Edward C. Turner for the appellant.
Adjourned until tomorrow at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Wednesday, May 2, will be as follows: Nos. 937,
619, 734, 786, 795, 832, 843, 802, 820, and 856.
13563-34-
-83
☑

WEDNESDAY, MAY 2, 1934
219
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: The Chief Justice, Mr. Justice Van Devanter, Mr. Jus-
tice McReynolds, Mr. Justice Brandeis, Mr. Justice Sutherland,
Mr. Justice Butler, Mr. Justice Stone, Mr. Justice Roberts, and
Mr. Justice Cardozo.
Hugh P. McFadden, of Bethlehem, Pa.; David A. Wolff, of De-
troit, Mich.; Eugene Earl Tincher, of Long Beach, Calif.; Simon
Sverdlik, of New York City; Diller B. Groff, of Washington, D.C.;
Samuel S. McCahill, of Miami, Fla.; William B. Bostian, of Kan-
sas City, Mo.; Abel E. Blackmar, Jr., of Scarsdale, N.Y.; Markell
V. Baer, of Oakland, Calif.; Harry Rickel, of Detroit, Mich.; Wm.
D. Reilly, of Leavenworth, Kans.; Wynne James, Jr., of Doyles-
town, Pa.; Frank H. Lee, of Joplin, Mo.; John H. Backus, of New
Bedford, Mass.; Dora Shaw Heffner, of Los Angeles, Calif.; and
Malcolm Lindsey, of Denver, Colo., were admitted to practice.
No. 815. John F. O'Ryan, as Commissioner of Police, etc., et al.,
petitioners, v. Mills Novelty Company. Leave to file brief of the
City of Milwaukee, as amicus curiae, providing consent of counsel
is obtained, granted, on motion of Mr. Daniel W. Hoan in that
behalf.
No. 856. W. B. Worthen Company, Agent, et al., appellants, v.
Mrs. W. D. Thomas. Submitted by Mr. Henry M. Armistead for
the appellants, and by Mr. Kenneth W. Coulter for the appellee,
with leave to appellants to file an additional brief within one week.
No. 937. The Columbus Gas and Fuel Company, appellant, v.
The Public Utilities Commission of Ohio, et al. Argument con-
tinued by Mr. Edward C. Turner for the appellant; by Mr. John
L. Davies for the appellees, and concluded by Mr. James W. Huff-
man for the appellees. Leave granted the parties to file additional
briefs.
No. 619. Radio Corporation of America et al., petitioners, v.
Radio Engineering Laboratories, Inc. Argument commenced by
Mr. Thomas G. Haight for the petitioners; continued by Mr. Wil-
liam H. Davis for the respondent; and by Mr. Samuel E. Darby,
Jr., for the petitioners.
Adjourned until tomorrow at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Thursday, May 3, will be as follows: Nos. 619,
734, 786, 795, 832, 843, 802, 820, 855, and 861.
13563-34-
-84
☑

THURSDAY, MAY 3, 1934
220
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: The Chief Justice, Mr. Justice Van Devanter, Mr. Jus-
tice McReynolds, Mr. Justice Brandeis, Mr. Justice Sutherland,
Mr. Justice Butler, Mr. Justice Stone, Mr. Justice Roberts, and Mr.
Justice Cardozo.
Leonard Poretsky, of Revere, Mass.; Fred Hansen, of Oklahoma
City, Okla.; George W. Selinger, of Tulsa, Okla.; S. Ashley Guthrie,
of Chicago, Ill.; C. D. Bennett, of Oklahoma City, Okla.; Leslie C.
Strickland, of Pittsburgh, Pa.; Boone T. Coulter, of Little Rock,
Ark.; William R. Brown, of Chicago, Ill.; Oswald Ryan, of Ander-
son, Ind.; Elbert F. Blakely, of Painesville, Ohio; Harry T. Nolan,
of Painesville, Ohio; Dixwell L. Pierce, of Sacramento, Calif.; Carl
B. Callaway, of Dallas, Tex.; Geo. A. Critchlow, of Salt Lake City,
Utah; and Wallace Miller, of Macon, Ga., were admitted to practice.
No. 990. Northwest Bancorporation, appellant, v. Elmer A. Ben-
son, Commissioner of Banks of the State of Minnesota, et al., etc.
Motion to reconsider motion for restraining order; to consider ques-
tion of jurisdiction forthwith; and to advance submitted by Mr.
George M. Morris in behalf of counsel for appellants, in support
of the motion, and by Mr. Harry H. Peterson for the appellees, in
opposition thereto.
No. 619. Radio Corporation of America, et al., petitioners, v.
Radio Engineering Laboratories, Inc. Argument concluded by Mr.
Samuel E. Darby, Jr., for the petitioners.
No. 734. Lewis Reynolds, petitioner, v. The United States.
Argued by Mr. Francis W. Hill, Jr., for the petitioner, and by Mr.
H. Briand Holland for the respondent.
No. 786. Burns Mortgage Company, Inc., petitioner, v. Erwin M.
Fried. Argued by Mr. Sigmund H. Steinberg for the petitioner, and
by Mr. John C. Noonan for the respondent.
No. 795. Urey Woodson, as Alien Property Custodian of the
United States, et al., petitioners, v. Deutsche Gold und Silber
Scheidanstalt Vormals Roessler, etc. Argued by Mr. Solicitor Gen-
eral Biggs for the petitioners, and by Mr. Richard H. Wilmer for the
respondent.
13563-34- -85

THURSDAY, MAY 3, 1934
221
No. 832. Oklahoma Gas and Electric Company, et al., appellants,
v. Oklahoma Packing Company, Formerly Wilson & Co., Inc., etc.
et al. Argument commenced by Mr. Robert M. Rainey for the
appellants.
Adjourned until tomorrow at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Friday, May 4, will be as follows: Nos. 832, 843,
802, 820, 855, 861, 868 (and 886), 873 (and 899), 920, and 742.

FRIDAY, MAY 4, 1934
222
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: The Chief Justice, Mr. Justice Van Devanter, Mr. Jus-
tice McReynolds, Mr. Justice Brandeis, Mr. Justice Sutherland, Mr.
Justice Butler, Mr. Justice Stone, Mr. Justice Roberts, and Mr.
Justice Cardozo.
Samuel H. Wiley, of Sparta, Ga.; John J. McCreary, of Macon,
Ga.; Harold F. Orr, of Ventura, Calif.; Stephen F. Chadwick, of
Seattle, Wash.; Chas. M. Howell, Jr., of Kansas City, Mo.; Thomas
F. Dougherty, of New York City; August B. Rothschild, of San
Francisco, Calif.; Arthur Milo Fleming, of Garden City, Kans.;
and Wm. C. Keough, of Cleveland, Ohio, were admitted to practice.
No. 832. Oklahoma Gas and Electric Company et al., etc., ap-
pellants, v. Oklahoma Packing Company, Formerly Wilson & Co.,
Inc., etc., et al. Argument continued by Mr. Robert M. Rainey for the
appellants; by Mr. W. R. Brown and Mr. Fred Hansen for the
appellees; and concluded by Mr. I. J. Underwood for the appellants.
No. 843. Gypsy Oil Company, appellant, v. Oklahoma Tax Com-
mission et al. Argument commenced by Mr. James B. Diggs for
the appellant. The Court declined to hear further argument.
No. 802. John C. Lewis, as Receiver, etc., petitioner, v. Fidelity &
Deposit Company of Maryland. Argument commenced by Mr.
Wallace Miller for the petitioner; continued by Mr. M. F. Gold-
stein for the respondent; and concluded by Mr. George P. Barse
for the petitioner.
No. 820. The Fairport, Painesville & Eastern Railroad Company,
petitioner, v. Mayme F. Meredith. Argument commenced by Mr.
Atlee Pomerene for the petitioner.
Adjourned until Monday next at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Monday, May 7, will be as follows: Nos. 820, 855,
861, 868 (and 886), 873 (and 899), 920, 742, and 867.
13563-34-86

MONDAY, MAY 7, 1934
223
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: The Chief Justice, Mr. Justice Van Devanter, Mr. Jus-
tice McReynolds, Mr. Justice Brandeis, Mr. Justice Sutherland, Mr.
Justice Butler, Mr. Justice Stone, Mr. Justice Roberts, and Mr.
Justice Cardozo.
J. Edward Bennett, of Little Rock, Ark.; Glen N. W. McNaugh-
ton, of New York City; Meyer Weker, of Boston, Mass.; Jacinto C.
Borja, of Manila, P.I.; Oscar L. Chapman, of Denver, Colo.; Samuel
A. Margolis, of Manchester, N.H.; A. R. Stout, of Ennis, Tex.;
Charles Berliner, of New York City; J. V. Keen, of Tallahassee,
Fla.; James Grover Lee, of Durham, N.C.; C. Russell Shetterly,
of Denver, Colo.; James H. Pershing, of Denver, Colo.; John
Pershing, of Denver, Colo.; and Floyd A. Calvert, of Saginaw, Mich.,
were admitted to practice.
The Chief Justice announced the promulgation of Rules of Prac-
tice and Procedure, After Plea of Guilty, Verdict or Finding of
Guilt, in Criminal Cases Brought in the District Courts of the
United States and in the Supreme Court of the District of Columbia.
The Chief Justice announced the following orders of the Court:
No. 847. William Langer, as Governor of the State of North
Dakota, et al., appellants, v. Grandin Farmers Co-Operative Eleva-
tor Company of Grandin, North Dakota, et al. Appeal from the
District Court of the United States for the District of North
Dakota. Per curiam: The order granting an interlocutory injunc-
tion is affirmed. Meccano, Ltd., v. Wanamaker, 253 US. 136, 141;
Alabama v. United States, 279 U.S. 229, 231; National Fire Ins.
Co. v. Thompson, 281 U.S. 331, 338; United Drug Co. v. Washburn,
Commissioner, 284 U.S. 593; South Carolina Power Co. v. South
Carolina Tax Commission et al., 286 U.S. 525; Ogden & Moffett Co.
et al., v. Michigan Public Utilities Commission, 286 U.S. 525.
No. 843. Gypsy Oil Company, appellant, v. Oklahoma Tax Com-
mission, Melvin Cornish, et al., etc. Appeal from the District Court
of the United States for the Northern District of Oklahoma. Per
curiam: The decree dismissing the bill of complaint is affirmed upon
13563-34--87

MONDAY, MAY 7, 1934
224
the ground that the District Court was without jurisdiction because
requisite jurisdictional amount was not involved. Healy v. Ratta,
decided April 30, 1934.
No. 874. The Assiniboine Indian Tribe, appellant, v. The United
States. Appeal from and on writ of certiorari to the Court of
Claims. Per curiam: The appeal herein is dismissed. Colgate v.
United States, 280 U.S. 43. The petition for writ of certiorari is
denied.
No. 968. Charles Lee Smith, appellant, v. People of the State of
New York on the Complaint of Officer William G. O'Connor. Ap-
peal from the Court of Special Sessions of the City of New York.
Per curiam: The appeal herein is dismissed for the want of a
substantial federal question. Patsone v. Pennsylvania, 232 U.S. 138,
144; Silver v. Silver, 280 U.S. 117, 123; Sproles v. Binford, 286 U.S.
374, 396.
No. 990. Northwest Bancorporation, appellant, v. Elmer A. Ben-
son, Commissioner of Banks of the State of Minnesota, et al., etc.
Appeal from the District Court of the United States for the Dis-
trict of Minnesota. Per curiam: The motion for immediate consid-
eration of the jurisdictional statement is granted. The order deny-
ing interlocutory injunction is affirmed. United Fuel Gas Co. v.
Railroad Commission, 278 U.S. 300, 326; Alabama v. United States,
279 U.S. 229, 231; National Fire Ins. Co. v. Thompson, 281 U.S.
331, 338; United Drug Co. v. Washburn, Commissioner, 284 U.S.
593; South Carolina Power Co. v. South Carolina Tax Commission,
et al., 286 U.S. 525; Ogden & Moffett Co. et al., v. Michigan Public
Utilities Commission, 286 U.S. 525. Mr. Justice Butler took no part
in the consideration and decision of this appeal.
The Chief Justice said:
"The other orders of the Court appear upon the list certified to
by the Chief Justice and filed with the Clerk and will not be
announced orally."
No. 731. Miahel J. Healy, Chief of Police of Manchester, N.H.,
appellant, v. Louis D. Ratta. Ordered that the words "hawkers
or peddlers" be substituted for the words "itinerant vendors of
merchandise" in the sixth line from the bottom of the first page
of the opinion as delivered.
No. In Re Disbarment of Maurice R. Wolfe. The order of
the District Court of the United States for the Eastern District
of Louisiana, disbarring the respondent from the further practice
of law in that court, will be held subject to the further order of
this Court,

MONDAY, MAY 7, 1934
225
Provided, that the respondent shall apply within thirty days from
this date for a reconsideration of the order by the District Court
of the United States cancelling his admission to practice in that
court.
The suspension provided by paragraph 5 of Rule 2 of the Rules
of this Court shall continue in effect until this Court has rendered
its decision in the present matter.
No. 942. Roy M. Wahlgren, petitioner, v. Bausch & Lomb Optical
Company et al. On petition for writ of certiorari to the United
States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Seventh Circuit. The
motion for leave to proceed further herein in forma pauperis is
denied, for the reason that the Court, upon examination of the
papers herein submitted, finds no ground upon which a writ of
certiorari should be granted. The petition for writ of certiorari
is, therefore, also denied.
No. 1022. Irving Millen, petitioner, v. Samuel H. Capen, Sheriff,
etc. On petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit
Court of Appeals for the First Circuit. The motion for leave to
proceed further herein in forma pauperis is denied, for the reason
that the Court, upon examination of the papers herein submitted,
finds no ground upon which a writ of certiorari should be granted.
The petition for writ of certiorari is, therefore, also denied. The
motion for stay is denied.
No. 914. Charles L. McNally, petitioner, v. Henry C. Hill,
Warden, etc. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Circuit Court of Appeals for the Third Circuit granted.
No. 924. Commonwealth of Virginia, petitioner, v. Imperial Coal
Sales Company, Inc. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme
Court of Appeals of the State of Virginia granted.
No. 954. Huey P. Long, petitioner, v. Samuel T. Ansell. Petition
for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals of the District of
Columbia granted.
No. 977. British-American Tobacco Company, Ltd., petitioner, v.
Guy T. Helvering, Commissioner of Internal Revenue. Petition for
writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals
for the Second Circuit granted.
No. 908. Asa E. Walden, Judge of the Eighth Judicial District
of Oklahoma, etc., petitioner, v. State of Oklahoma, ex rel. School
District No. 40, Bryan County, Oklahoma. Petition for writ of
certiorari to the Supreme Court of the State of Oklahoma denied.
No. 915. Cedar Park Cemetery Association, Inc., petitioner, v.
Commissioner of Internal Revenue. Petition for writ of certiorari
to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Seventh
Circuit denied.

MONDAY, MAY 7, 1934
226
No. 921. Guy T. Helvering, Commissioner of Internal Revenue,
petitioner, v. Lynchburg Trust & Savings Bank et al. Petition for
writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals
for the Fourth Circuit denied.
No. 922. Shawkee Manufacturing Company, Glenshaw Glass
Company, et al., petitioners, v. Hartford-Empire Company. Peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of
Appeals for the Third Circuit denied.
No. 926. Willoughby Camera Stores, Inc., petitioner, v. The
United States. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of
Customs and Patent Appeals denied.
No. 928. J. S. Brock, State Bank Commissioner, et al., petitioners,
v. Harry Wainer. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme
Court of the State of Louisiana denied.
No. 929. Utilities Power & Light Corporation and Mary A.
Walsh, petitioners, v. Irving Trust Company, as Trustee of the
National Public Service Corporation, et al., and
No. 930. Utilities Power & Light Corporation and Mary A.
Walsh, petitioners, v. Irving Trust Company, as Trustee of the
National Public Service Corporation, et al. Petition for writs of
certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the
Second Circuit denied.
No. 933. Boston & Maine Railroad, petitioner, v. Nellie O. Fer-
nald, as Administratrix of the Goods, Chattels and Credits which
were of Harry E. Fernald, deceased. Petition for writ of certiorari
to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit
denied.
No. 934. W. E. Brusselback, petitioner, v. Chicago Joint Stock
Land Bank, et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United
States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Seventh Circuit denied.
No. 939. Missouri Pacific Railroad Company, petitioner, v. Beulah
Benson. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of
the State of Missouri denied.
No. 941. Continental Casualty Company, petitioner, v. The United
States of America, for the use of W. Howard Ainsworth, Trustee
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit
Court of Appeals for the Seventh Circuit denied.
etc.
No. 961. Jacob Hershon, Trustee in Bankruptcy of Sterling
Bedding Shops, Inc., Bankrupt, petitioner, v. Anne Abelson. Peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of
Appeals for the Second Circuit denied.
No. 505. Manhattan Properties, Inc., petitioner, v. Irving Trust
Company, as Trustee, etc.;

MONDAY, MAY 7, 1934
227
No. 506. Samuel R. Brown et al., petitioners, v. Irving Trust
Company, as Trustee, etc.;
No. 635. William J. McGarrity, Administrator, etc., appellant, v.
Delaware River Bridge Commission et al.;
No. 650. Hartford Accident & Indemnity Company et al., appel-
lants, v. Delta & Pine Land Company; and
No. 905. The People of the State of New York, ex rel. Dexter
Blagden, appellant, v. Thomas M. Lynch et al., etc. Petitions for
rehearing denied.
The Chief Justice also announced the following order:
ORDER
It is ordered that the call of the docket be suspended for the term
on Friday, May 11, next, and that the Court will take a recess
from Monday, May 14, until Monday, May 21, and from that day
as may be ordered.
No. -, original. State of Arizona, complainant, v. State of
California, et al. Motion for leave to file brief of the City of
Denver as amicus curiae submitted by Mr. Clarence N. Goodwin
in that behalf.
No. 867. Indian Valley Railroad Company, appellant, v. The
United States of America et al. Submitted by Mr. John L. McNab
for the appellant, and by Mr. Solicitor General Biggs, Mr. Assistant
Attorney General Stephens, Mr. Carl McFarland, Mr. M. S. Huber-
man, Mr. Mac Asbill, Mr. Daniel W. Knowlton, and Mr. Edward
M. Reidy, for the appellees.
No. 820. The Fairport, Painesville & Eastern Railroad Company,
petitioner, v. Mayme F. Meredith. Argument continued by Mr. Atlee
Pomerene for the petitioner; by Mr. David F. Anderson for the
respondent; and concluded by Mr. Elbert F. Blakely for the peti-
tioner.
No. 855. Mrs. Margaret Shea Lynch, petitioner, v. The United
States of America. Argued by Mr. Rowland W. Fixel for the peti-
tioner, and by Mr. Solicitor General Biggs for the respondent.
No. 861. Sam Wilner, in his own right and as administrator, etc.,
petitioner, v. The United States of America. Argued by Mr.
Edward H. S. Martin for the petitioner, and by Mr. Solicitor
General Biggs for the respondent.
Adjourned until tomorrow at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Tuesday, May 8, will be as follows: Nos. 868
(and 886), 873 (and 899), 920, and 742.
Х

TUESDAY, MAY 8, 1934
228
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: The Chief Justice, Mr. Justice Van Devanter, Mr. Justice
McReynolds, Mr. Justice Brandeis, Mr. Justice Sutherland, Mr.
Justice Butler, Mr. Justice Stone, Mr. Justice Roberts, and Mr.
Justice Cardozo.
Ralph L. Dugger, of Washington, D.C.; Abbee W. Talamo, of
Worcester, Mass.; A. W. Walker, Jr., of Austin, Tex.; Mastin G.
White, of Tyler, Tex.; Samuel B. Hill, of Waterville, Wash.; Sam
L. Wilhite, of Anadarko, Okla.; Irving J. Levy, of Washington,
D.C.; R. L. Lawrence, of Anadarko, Okla.; Mannie C. Scofield, of
Inverness, Fla.; James C. Adkins, of Gainesville, Fla.; Maurine L.
Jones, of Flint, Mich.; Beatrice Montgomery Nix, of Los Angeles,
Calif.; Lloyd S. Nix, of Los Angeles, Calif.; Chauncey Newlin, of
New York City; George R. Darnell, of Tucson, Ariz.; Russell D.
Morrill, of New York City; Louis Spiegel, of Newark, N.J.; David
Roskein, of Newark, N.J.; Solomon Tully, of Buffalo, N.Y.; J. Wirth
Sargent, of Wichita, Kans.; William L. Sullivan, of Chicago, Ill.;
Oscar F. Nelson, of Chicago, Ill.; Milton Handler, of New York
City; Percy Newhall Booth, of Louisville, Ky.; and Roscoe E.
Harper, of Tulsa, Okla., were admitted to practice.
No. 815. John F. O'Ryan, as Commissioner of Police Department
of the City of New York, et al., petitioners, v. Mills Novelty Com-
pany. It is ordered that the parties respectively show cause before
this Court on Monday, May 14, 1934, at twelve o'clock noon, why
the writ of certiorari herein should not be dismissed by reason of
the effect of recent legislation of the State of New York upon the
decree of injunction.
No. 868. Four hours allowed for oral argument. State of Ohio,
Public Utilities Commission of Ohio, et al., appellants, v. The
United States of America, et al.; and
No. 886. The United States of America, et al., appellants, v. State
of Ohio, Public Utilities Commission of Ohio, et al. Argument
commenced by Mr. John W. Bricker for appellant, the State of
Ohio; continued by Mr. Ernest S. Ballard for appellants, Eastern
Ohio Coal Operators Association et al.; by Mr. Clan Crawford for
13563-34-88

TUESDAY, MAY 8, 1934
229
the appellant, Wheeling and Lake Erie Railway Co.; by Mr. H.
Austin Hauxhurst for the appellant Empire Sheet & Tin Plate Co.;
by Mr. J. Stanley Payne for the appellees, The United States and
Interstate Commerce Commission; by Mr. August G. Gutheim for
the appellees, Western Pennsylvania Coal Traffic Bureau et al., and
Public Service Commission of the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania;
by Mr. Alexander M. Bull for the appellees, Robert C. Hill, et al.,
Receivers of the Consolidation Coal Co., et al.; and concluded by
Mr. Guernsey Orcutt for the appellees, Pennsylvania Railroad Com-
pany, et al.
No. 873. Guy T. Helvering, Commissioner of Internal Revenue,
petitioner, v. New York Trust Company, Trustee, etc.; and
No. 899. The New York Trust Company, as Trustee, etc., peti-
tioner, v. Guy T. Helvering, Commissioner of Internal Revenue.
Argument commenced by Mr. Erwin N. Griswold for the petitioner
in No. 873 and the respondent in No. 899.
Adjourned until tomorrow at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Wednesday, May 9, will be as follows: Nos. 873
(and 899), 920, 742, and 944.

WEDNESDAY, MAY 9, 1934
230
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: The Chief Justice, Mr. Justice Van Devanter, Mr. Justice
McReynolds, Mr. Justice Brandeis, Mr. Justice Sutherland, Mr. Jus-
tice Butler, Mr. Justice Stone, Mr. Justice Roberts, and Mr. Justice
Cardozo.
E. J. Fountain, Jr., of Houston, Tex.; Ira A. Schiller, of New
York City; James H. Mulally, of St. Paul, Minn.; L. R. Martineau,
Jr., of Los Angeles, Calif.; Charles A. Carroll, of Miami, Fla.;
Raymond Schroeder, of Newark, N.J.; John O. Moran, of San Fran
cisco, Calif.; Crate D. Bowen, of Miami, Fla.; Rolla D. Campbell,
of Huntington, W.Va.; Hamilton E. Little, of Memphis, Tenn.;
H. Claude Horack, of Durham, N.C.; and Hammond E. Chaffetz,
of Washington, D.C., were admitted to practice.
No. 873. Guy T. Helvering, Commissioner of Internal Revenue,
petitioner, v. New York Trust Company, Trustee, etc.; and
No. 899. The New York Trust Compasy, as Trustee, etc., peti-
tioner, v. Guy T. Helvering, Commissioner of Internal Revenue.
Argument continued by Mr. Erwin N. Griswold for the petitioner
in No. 873 and the respondent in No. 899; and concluded by Mr.
Chauncey Newlin for the respondent in No. 873 and the petitioner
in No. 899.
No. 920. The State of Texas, Railroad Commission of the State
of Texas, et al., appellants, v. The United States of America, et al.
Argued by Mr. A. R. Stout for the appellants; by Mr. Assistant
Attorney General Stephens for the appellees, The United States
and Interstate Commerce Commission; and by Mr. Samuel W. Moore
for the appellees, Kansas City Southern Railway Company, et al.
Leave granted the United States to file a supplemental brief by
Friday.
No. 742. Bertha Meyer Smith, petitioner, v. The United States
of America. Argued by Mr. James J. Crossley for the petitioner,
and by Mr. Will G. Beardslee for the respondent.
Adjourned until tomorrow at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Thursday, May 10, will be as follows: No. 944.
13563-34-89
☑

THURSDAY, MAY 10, 1934
231
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: The Chief Justice, Mr. Justice Van Devanter, Mr. Jus-
tice McReynolds, Mr. Justice Brandeis, Mr. Justice Sutherland, Mr.
Justice Butler, Mr. Justice Stone, Mr. Justice Roberts, and Mr.
Justice Cardozo.
J. J. Graham, of Washington, D.C.; James J. McCarron, of Wash-
ington, D.C.; Lon A. Brooks, of Los Angeles, Calif.; Bauer F.
Bullinger, of Milwaukee, Wis.; John Carlisle Pryor, of Burlington,
Iowa; Jerome Edmond Johnstone, of Washington, D.C.; Edwin
Eanes Peterson, of New York City; Joseph L. Kaplan, of Boston,
Mass.; and James M. Kane, of Washington, D.C., were admitted
to practice.
No. 944. J. M. Lee, as Comptroller of the State of Florida, appel-
lant, v. John P. Bickell, et al., etc. Argued by Mr. J. V. Keen and
Mr. H. E. Carter for the appellant, and by Mr. Charles A. Carroll
for the appellees.
Adjourned until Monday May 14, next, at 12 o'clock.
13563-34-
-90

MONDAY, MAY 14, 1934
232
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: The Chief Justice, Mr. Justice Van Devanter, Mr. Justice
Brandeis, Mr. Justice Sutherland, Mr. Justice Butler, Mr. Justice
Stone, Mr. Justice Roberts, and Mr. Justice Cardozo.
B. D. Emanuel, of Anderson, Ind.; Edward T. Miller, of Easton,
Md.; Rufus L. Slaughter, of Tulsa, Okla.; Scott W. Hovey, of
Kansas City, Mo.; Jacob Morris Alper, of Chattanooga, Tenn.;
Theron W. Agee, of Van Buren, Ark.; J. H. Campbell, of Franklin,
Tenn.; Paul D. Barns, of Miami, Fla.; and Eugene Daney, Jr., of
San Diego, Calif., were admitted to practice.
The Chief Justice announced the following orders of the Court:
No. 867. Indian Valley Railroad Company, appellant, v. The
United States of America, Interstate Commerce Commission, et
al. Appeal from the District Court of the United States for the
Northern District of California. Per curiam: The decree herein
is affirmed. Texas & Pacific Ry. Co. v. Gulf, Colorado & Santa Fe
Ry. Co., 270 U.S. 266, 273, 277; Chesapeake & Ohio Ry. Co. v.
United States, 283 U.S. 35, 42; Claiborne-Annapolis Ferry Co. v.
United States, 285 U.S. 382, 392; Interstate Commerce Commis-
sion v. Oregon-Washington R. Co., 288 U.S. 14, 36, 37; Virginian
Ry. v. United States, 272 U.S. 658, 663; Georgia Commission v.
United States, 283 U.S. 765, 775; New York Central Securities
Co. v. United States, 287 U.S. 12, 29.
No. 975. Georgia Roberts, by her next friend, Margaret H. Rob-
erts, et al., appellants, v. Washington Trust Company. Appeal from
the Supreme Court of the State of Pennsylvania. Per curiam: The
motion of the appellee to dismiss the appeal herein is granted, and
the appeal is dismissed for the want of jurisdiction. Sec. 237 (a)
Judicial Code as amended by the Act of February 13, 1925 (43 Stat.
936, 937). Treating the papers whereon the appeal was allowed as
a petition for writ of certiorari, as required by Sec. 237 (c) Judicial
Code as amended (43 Stat. 936, 938), certiorari is denied.
The Chief Justice said:
"The other orders of the Court appear upon the list certified to
by the Chief Justice and filed with the Clerk and will not be
announced orally."
13563-34-91

MONDAY, MAY 14, 1934
233
No. 1003. United States of America, ex rel. Burton Gallivan, peti-
tioner, v. Henry C. Hill, Warden of United States Northeastern
Penitentiary at Lewisburg, Pa. On petition for writ of certiorari
to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Third Circuit.
The motion for leave to proceed further herein in forma pauperis
is denied, for the reason that the Court, upon examination of the
papers herein submitted, finds no ground upon which a writ of
certiorari should be granted. The petition for writ of certiorari is
therefore also denied.
No. 1008. Taft Benton, petitioner, v. The United States of Amer-
ica. On petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit
Court of Appeals for the Fourth Circuit. The motion for leave to
proceed further herein in forma pauperis is denied, for the reason.
that the Court, upon examination of the papers herein submitted,
finds no ground upon which a writ of certiorari should be granted.
The petition for writ of certiorari is therefore also denied.
No. 946. Guy T. Helvering, Commissioner of Internal Revenue,
petitioner, v. Leland Powers, Executor, et al. Petition for writ of
certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the
First Circuit granted.
No. 969. Irving Trust Company, as Trustee in Bankruptcy of
Outfitters Operating Realty Co., Inc., petitioner, v. A. W. Perry,
Inc. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit
Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit granted.
No. 903. United States of America, ex rel. New York Warehouse,
Wharf and Terminal Association, Inc., et al., petitioners, v. George
H. Dern, Secretary of War. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
Court of Appeals of the District of Columbia denied.
No. 907. George E. Golding, petitioner, v. The United States.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Claims denied.
No. 936. Marian Fell Vans Agnew, as Executrix, etc., petitioner, v.
Fort Myers Drainage District, a Florida Drainage District. Peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of Ap-
peals for the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 938. Louis D. Glanz, petitioner, v. United American Trust &
Savings Bank, Home Bank and Trust Company, et al. Petition
for writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals
for the Seventh Circuit denied.
No. 940. D. G. Gray, Trustee for Griswold Oil Corporation,
Bankrupt, etc., petitioner, v. Geo. C. Hopkins, Individually and as
Collector of Internal Revenue, etc. Petition for writ of certiorari to
the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit
denied.

MONDAY, MAY 14, 1934
234
No. 945. American National Insurance Company, petitioner, v.
James W. Bass, Collector of Internal Revenue. Petition for writ of
certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the
Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 947. Maricopa County, Arizona, et al., petitioners, v. The
Phoenix Savings Bank and Trust Company;
No. 948. Maricopa County, Arizona, et al., petitioners, v. The
Phoenix National Bank;
No. 949. Maricopa County, Arizona, et al., petitioners, v. The
Valley Bank & Trust Company;
No. 950. Maricopa County, Arizona, et al., petitioners, v. The
First National Bank of Arizona at Phoenix;
No. 951. Maricopa County, Arizona, et al., petitioners, v. The
Tempe National Bank; and
No. 952. Pima County, Arizona, et al., petitioners, v. Southern
Arizona Bank & Trust Company. Petition for writs of certiorari
to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Ninth
Circuit denied.
No. 960. City Bank Farmers Trust Company, as Executor, etc.,
petitioner, v. Frank Collis Bowers, as Executor, etc. Petition for
writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals
for the Second Circuit denied.
No. 967. Grace Ferrand, petitioner, v. New York Life Insurance
Company. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Circuit Court of Appeals for the Eighth Circuit denied.
The Chief Justice also announced the following order:
ORDER
The Court will take a recess from Monday, May 21, until Monday,
May 28 next, and from that day until Monday, June 4, upon which
day it will adjourn for the term.
No motions, except motions for admission to practice, will be
received after Monday, May 28 next.
No. 815. John F. O'Ryan, as Commissioner of Police, etc., et al.,
petitioners, v. Mills Novelty Company. Returns to rules to show
cause presented.
Adjourned until Monday, May 21 next, at 12 o'clock.
Х

MONDAY, MAY 21, 1934
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
235
Present: The Chief Justice, Mr. Justice McReynolds, Mr. Justice
Brandeis, Mr. Justice Sutherland, Mr. Justice Butler, Mr. Justice
Stone, Mr. Justice Roberts, and Mr. Justice Cardozo.
Edward C. Kelly, of Medford, Ore.; George H. Zeutzius, of
Green Bay, Wis.; Basel H. Brune, of Chicago, Ill.; Alexander
Austin Burch, of Dublin, Ga.; George Hurley, of Providence, R.I.;
Paul R. Conway, of New York City; George L. DeMott, of Wash-
ington, D.C.; William J. Bannan, of Waltham, Mass.; John J.
Flynn, of Waltham, Mass.; John L. McGonigle, of Los Angeles,
Calif.; Maurice R. Barnes, of Washington, D.C.; Parker Dodge, of
Washington, D.C.; Frederick V. Arber, of Peoria, Ill.; Frederick
Z. Marx, of Chicago, Ill.; Frederick Bernays Wiener, of Providence,
R.I.; Paul J. Wall, of Wichita, Kans.; Wm. P. Hamblen, of Hous-
ton, Tex.; and Hawthorne Arey, of Omaha, Nebr., were admitted to
practice.
No. 937. The Columbus Gas and Fuel Company, appellant, v.
The Public Utilities Commission of Ohio and the City of Columbus,
Ohio. Appeal from the Supreme Court of the State of Ohio. De-
cree reversed with costs, and cause remanded to the said Supreme
Court for further proceedings not inconsistent with the opinion of
this Court. Opinion by Mr. Justice Cardozo. Mr. Justice McReyn-
olds and Mr. Justice Butler concur in the result. Mr. Justice Van
Devanter and Mr. Justice Sutherland took no part in the considera-
tion and decision of this case.
No. 619. Radio Corporation of America, American Telephone and
Telegraph Company and De Forest Radio Company, petitioners, v.
Radio Engineering Laboratories, Inc. On writ of certiorari to the
United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit.
Decree of the Circuit Court of Appeals reversed with costs, and the
decree of the District Court affirmed, and cause remanded to the
District Court of the United States for the Eastern District of New
York for further proceedings in conformity with the opinion of this
Court. Opinion by Mr. Justice Cardozo. The Chief Justice took
no part in the consideration and decision of this case.
13563-34-92

MONDAY, MAY 21, 1934
236
No. 944. J. M. Lee, as Comptroller of the State of Florida,
appellant, v. John P. Bickell, George B. Buchanan, Alfred W. Mans-
field, et al., etc. Appeal from the District Court of the United States
for the Northern District of Florida. Decree modified as indicated
in the opinion and, as so modified, affirmed with costs, and cause
remanded for further proceedings in conformity with the opinion of
this Court. Opinion by Mr. Justice Cardozo.
No. 832. Oklahoma Gas and Electric Company, Oklahoma Natural
Gas Company, W. T. Phillips, Jr., et al., etc., appellants, v. Okla-
homa Packing Company, formerly Wilson & Co., Inc., of Oklahoma,
Wilson & Co., Inc., of Oklahoma, et al. Appeal from the District
Court of the United States for the Western District of Oklahoma.
Decree vacated, costs to be taxed against appellants, and cause re-
manded to said District Court for further proceedings in conformity
with the opinion of this Court. Opinion by Mr. Justice Stone.
No. 298. S. M. Nickey, W. E. Nickey, Mrs. Orpha L. Nickey, et al.,
appellants, v. The State of Mississippi. Appeal from the Supreme
Court of the State of Mississippi. Decree affirmed with costs. Opin-
ion by Mr. Justice Stone.
No. 689. Guy T. Helvering, Commissioner of Internal Revenue,
petitioner, v. The Independent Life Insurance Company. On writ
of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the
Sixth Circuit. Decree reversed, and cause remanded to said Circuit
Court of Appeals for further proceedings in conformity with the
opinion of this Court. Opinion by Mr. Justice Butler. Dissent-
ing: Mr. Justice McReynolds.
No. 722. Rockford Life Insurance Company, petitioner, v. Com-
missioner of Internal Revenue. On writ of certiorari to the United
States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Seventh Circuit. Decree
affirmed, and cause remanded to the said Circuit Court of Appeals.
Opinion by Mr. Justice Butler.
-
No. , original. State of Ohio, complainant, v. Guy T. Helver-
ing, Commissioner of Internal Revenue. Motion for leave to file.
bill of complaint denied and rules discharged. Opinion by Mr. Jus-
tice Sutherland. Mr. Justice Stone concurs in the result.
No., original. State of Arizona, complainant, v. State of Cali-
fornia et al. Motion for leave to file bill to perpetuate testimony
denied and rules discharged. Opinion by Mr. Justice Brandeis.
No. 709. Eastman Kodak Company, Eastman Kodak Company of
New York, and Eastman Kodak Stores, Inc., petitioners, v. Charles
B. Gray. On writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court
of Appeals for the Third Circuit. Judgment of the Circuit Court.

MONDAY, MAY 21, 1934
237
of Appeals reversed with costs, and judgment of the District Court
affirmed, and cause remanded to the District Court of the United
States for the Eastern District of Pennsylvania for further proceed-
ings in conformity with the opinion of this Court. Opinion by Mr.
Justice McReynolds.
No. 742. Bertha Meyer Smith, petitioner, v. The United States
of America. On writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court
of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit. Judgment affirmed, and cause
remanded to the District Court of the United States for the District
of Oregon. Opinion by Mr. Justice McReynolds.
No., original. Principality of Monaco, plaintiff, v. State of
Mississippi. Motion for leave to file declaration denied and rule
discharged. Opinion by Mr. Chief Justice Hughes.
The Chief Justice announced the following orders of the Court:
No. 815. John F. O'Ryan, as Commissioner of Police, etc., et al.,
petitioners, v. Mills Novelty Company. On writ of certiorari to
the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit.
Per curiam: In view of the effect of Chapter 317, Laws of New
York of 1934, upon the decree of injunction herein, the decree of
the Circuit Court of Appeals is reversed and the cause is remanded
to the District Court with direction to dismiss the bill of com-
plaint without prejudice and without costs to either party. Board
of Public Utility Commissioners v. Compania General, 249 U.S. 425;
United States v. Hamburg-American Co., 239 U.S. 466, 477, 478;
United States v. Alaska S.S. Co., 253 U.S. 113, 116, 117; Railroad
Commission v. MacMillan, 287 U.S. 576; Coyne v. Prouty, 289
U.S. 704.
No. 991. E. B. Dill, appellant, v. The People of the State of
Colorado. Appeal from the Supreme Court of the State of Colo-
rado. Per curiam: The appeal herein is dismissed for the want of
substantial federal question. Rosenberg v. Wisconsin, 290 U.S. 600,
601; Meuller v. Illinois, 289 U.S. 711; Leach v. California, 287 U.S.
579, 590; Lavine v. California, 286 U.S. 528; Sproles v. Binford,
286 U.S. 374, 393; Bandini v. Superior Court, 284 U.S. 8, 18; Hy-
grade Provision Co. v. Sherman, 266 U.S. 497, 501-503. Insofar as
the papers whereon the appeal was allowed seek review in respect
of asserted denial of rights under the Federal Constitution by rul-
ings of the Supreme Court of Colorado not involving the validity
of any statute of the state, such papers are treated as a petition for
writ of certiorari (Sec. 237 (c), Judicial Code, as amended by the
Act of February 13, 1925, 43 Stat. 936, 938), and certiorari is denied.

MONDAY, MAY 21, 1934
238
No. 1004. Ex parte: Lester Richard Steckler and Hilary Joseph
Gaudin, appellants. Appeal from the Supreme Court of the State
of Louisiana. Per curiam: The appeal herein is dismissed for the
reason that the decision of the State court sought here to be re-
viewed was based upon a non-federal ground adequate to support
it. New Orleans Water Works Co. v. Louisiana Sugar Co., 125
U.S. 18, 38, 39; Cross Lake Club v. Louisiana, 224 U.S. 632, 639,
640; Long Sault Development Co. v. Call, 242 U.S. 272, 277, 278;
Hardin-Wyandot Lighting Co. v. Upper Sandusky, 251 U.S. 173,
178, 179; Girard Trust Co. v. Ocean & Lake Realty Co., 286 U.S.
523; Real Estate-Land Title & Trust Co. v. Springfield, 287 U.S. 577.
No. 1025. William D. Comer, appellant, v. The State of Wash-
ington. Appeal from the Supreme Court of the State of Washing-
ton. Per curiam: The appeal herein is dismissed for the want of a
substantial federal question. Fisher v. New Orleans, 218 U.S. 438,
440; Seattle & Renton Ry. v. Linhoff, 231 U.S. 568, 570; Enterprise
Irrigation District v. Canal Co., 243 U.S. 157, 165, 166; Hebert v.
Louisiana, 272 U.S. 312, 316, 317; American Ry. Express Co. v.
Kentucky, 273 U.S. 269, 272, 273.
The Chief Justice said:
66
The other orders of the Court appear upon the list certified to
by the Chief Justice and filed with the Clerk and will not be
announced orally."
No. 843. Gypsy Oil Company, appellant, v. Oklahoma Tax Com-
mission, et al. Order. It is ordered that the per curiam opinion of
this Court, delivered May 7, 1934, in this cause, be and it is hereby
amended to read as follows:
"Per curiam: The decree dismissing the bill of complaint is modi-
fied so as to provide that the complaint is dismissed upon the ground
that the District Court was without jurisdiction because the requisite
jurisdictional amount was not involved. Healy v. Ratta; decided
April 30, 1934. As so modified, the decree is affirmed."
No. 1044. Walter J. Patten, petitioner, v. The United States. On
petition for writ of certiorari to the United State Circuit Court of
Appeals for the Sixth Circuit. The motion for leave to proceed
further herein in forma pauperis is denied, for the reason that the
Court upon examination of the papers herein submitted, finds no
ground upon which a writ of certiorari should be granted. The
petition for writ of certiorari is therefore also denied.
No. 985. The United States of America, appellant, v. Jacob Troy;
No. 986. The United States of America, appellant, v. Jacob Troy;
and

MONDAY, MAY 21, 1934
239
No. 1020. City Bank Farmers Trust Company, executor, etc.,
appellant, v. William A. Schnader, Attorney General etc., et al. In
these cases probable jurisdiction is noted.
No. 1011. Arthur Mattson, appellant, v. Department of Labor
and Industries of the State of Washington. Further consideration
of the question of the jurisdiction of this Court in this case is
postponed to the hearing of the case on the merits.
No. 962. The Metropolitan Casualty Insurance Company of New
York, petitioner, v. Kenneth V. Brownell, as Receiver, etc. Peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of
Appeals for the Seventh Circuit granted.
No. 973. Harold L. Ickes, as Secretary of the Interior, petitioner,
v. Virginia-Colorado Development Corporation. Petition for writ
of certiorari to the Court of Appeals of the District of Columbia
granted.
No. 859. W. D. Striplin, petitioner, v. Lawrenceburg Warehouse
Company and United States Fidelity and Guaranty Company. Pe-
tition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of the State of
Tennessee denied.
No. 917. Bausch & Lomb Optical Company, petitioner, v. The
United States. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Claims
denied.
No. 932. Hyman Dunn, petitioner, v. Interstate Bond Co. et al.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court
of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 953. Unity School of Christianity (WOQ), petitioner, v. Fed-
eral Radio Commission et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to
the Court of Appeals of the District of Columbia denied.
No. 957. Renault Duncan, petitioner, v. The United States of
America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Cir-
cuit Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit denied.
No. 966. M. G. McNair, as Receiver of The First National Bank
of St. Augustine, Florida, petitioner, v. Hubert William Carcaba,
Eduardo Felix Carcaba et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 970. New York Central Railroad Company, petitioner, v.
Burton B. Jerrell. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United
States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit denied.
No. 972. Manufacturers Trust Company, as Trustee, etc., peti-
titioner, v. Herman S. Bachrach. Petition for writ of certiorari to
the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit
denied.

MONDAY, MAY 21, 1934
240
No. 976. M. G. McNair, as Receiver of the First National Bank of
St. Augustine, Florida, petitioner, v. J. M. Davis. Petition for writ
of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the
Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 1006. Navigazione Libera Triestina Societa Anonyme and
S/S Carso, her engines, etc., petitioners, v. N. S. Monahos, et al.,
etc.; and
No. 1007. Navigazione Libera Triestina Societa Anonyme, peti-
tioner, v. F. Romeo & Co., Inc. Petition for writs of certiorari to
the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit
denied.
No. 18. Guy T. Helvering, Commissioner of Internal Revenue,
petitioner, v. Northern Coal Company;
No. 19. Guy T. Helvering, Commissioner of Internal Revenue,
petitioner, v. C. H. Sprague & Son Company;
No. 20. Guy T. Helvering, Commissioner of Internal Revenue,
petitioner, v. United States Refractories Corporation; and
No. 21. Guy T. Helvering, Commissioner of Internal Revenue,
petitioner, v. Oswego and Syracuse Railroad Company. Motion for
leave to file petition for rehearing submitted by Mr. Solicitor General
Biggs for the petitioner.
Adjourned until Monday, May 28, next, at 12 o'clock.
U.S. GOVERNMENT PRINTING OFFICE: 1934

MONDAY, MAY 28, 1934
241
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: The Chief Justice, Mr. Justice Van Devanter, Mr. Justice
Brandeis, Mr. Justice Sutherland, Mr. Justice Butler, Mr. Justice
Stone, Mr. Justice Roberts, and Mr. Justice Cardozo.
Myron G. Ehrlich, of Washington, D.C.; E. Russel Kelly, of
Washington, D.C.; Philip M. Kleinfeld, of New York City; Samuel
Kramer, of New York City; Chas. L. Minor, of New York City;
William Boyd Duff, of Wilkinsburg, Penna.; Samuel Becker, of
Milwaukee, Wis.; Benjamin Kaplan, of Boston, Mass.; Warner
Marshall, of Pittsburgh, Penna.; Harris Miller, of Boston, Mass.;
Earle F. Gill, of Madison, Wis.; Elcanon Isaacs, of Cincinnati,
Ohio; John M. Scoble, of New York City; Evelyn I. Berman, of
Boston, Mass.; Edward Louis Stephens, of Richmond, Va.; K. Cour-
tenay Johnston, of New York City; Jessie Levy, of Indianapolis,
Ind.; Geo. W. Wilson, of Charlotte, N.C.; Richard G. Wooton, of
Hattiesburg, Miss.; Helen Hunt West, of Jacksonville, Fla.; J. Allen
Davis, of Los Angeles, Calif.; Oscar B. Wiren, of New York City;
Paul F. Due, of Baltimore, Md.; J. Francis Ireton, of Baltimore,
Md.; Louis N. Jaffe, of Brooklyn, N.Y.; Homer A. Holt, of Charles-
ton, W.Va.; Geo. S. Shackelford, Jr., of Roanoke, Va.; Isaac M.
Stewart, of Salt Lake City, Utah; Andrew M. Howsley, of Albany,
Tex.; Elwood Fouts, of Houston, Tex.; Charles F. Boots, of Ell-
wood City, Penna.; and Elijah Anthony, of Jamestown, R.I., were
admitted to practice.
No. 561. International Milling Company, petitioner, v. Columbia
Transportation Company. On writ of certiorari to the Supreme
Court of the State of Minnesota. Judgment reversed with costs, and
cause remanded to said Supreme Court for further proceedings not
inconsistent with the opinion of this Court. Opinion by Mr. Justice
Cardozo.
No. 786. Burns Mortgage Company, Inc., petitioner, v. Erwin M.
Fried. On writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of
Appeals for the Third Circuit. Judgment reversed with costs, and
cause remanded to the District Court of the United States for the
Eastern District of Pennsylvania for further proceedings in con-
formity with the opinion of this Court. Opinion by Mr. Justice
Roberts.
13563-34--93

MONDAY, MAY 28, 1934
242
No. 868. State of Ohio, Public Utilities Commission of Ohio, The
Wheeling and Lake Erie Railway Company, et al., appellants, v.
The United States of America, Interstate Commerce Commission,
et al.; and
No. 886. The United States of America, Interstate Commerce
Commission, et al., appellants, v. State of Ohio, Public Utilities
Commission of Ohio, The Wheeling and Lake Erie Railway Com-
pany, et al. Appeals from the District Court of the United States
for the Southern District of Ohio. No. 868, decree affirmed
and cause remanded to said District Court; No. 886, appeal dis-
missed. Opinion by Mr. Justice Roberts.
No. 787. Illinois Commerce Commission, Public Service Commis-
sion (of Indiana), Board of Trade of the City of Chicago, and
Acme Steel Company, appellants, v. The United States, The Alton
Railroad Company, et al. Appeal from the District Court of the
United States for the Northern District of Illinois. Decree affirmed,
and cause remanded to said District Court. Opinion by Mr. Justice
Stone.
No. 795. Urey Woodson, as Alien Property Custodian of the
United States, and W. A. Julian, as Treasurer of the United States,
petitioners, v. Deutsche Gold und Silber Scheideanstalt Vormals
Roessler, etc. On writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals of the
District of Columbia. Decree reversed and cause remanded to the
Supreme Court of the District of Columbia with directions to that
court to dismiss the bill. Opinion by Mr. Justice Butler.
No. 873. Guy T. Helvering, Commissioner of Internal Revenue,
petitioner, v. New York Trust Company, as Trustee under trust
indenture, dated December 24, 1921, etc.; and
No. 899. The New York Trust Company, as Trustee under trust
indenture, dated December 24, 1921, etc., v. Guy T. Helvering, Com-
missioner of Internal Revenue. On writs of certiorari to the United
States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit. Decree
affirmed, and cause remanded to said Circuit Court of Appeals.
Opinion by Mr. Justice Butler. Dissenting opinion by Mr. Justice
Roberts in which Mr. Justice Brandeis, and Mr. Justice Stone
concur.
No. 734. Lewis Reynolds, petitioner, v. The United States. On
writ of certiorari to the Court of Claims. Judgment reversed, and
cause remanded to said court with directions to enter judgment for
petitioner. Opinion by Mr. Justice Sutherland. Dissenting: Mr.
Justice Stone and Mr. Justice Cardozo.
No. 547. New Colonial Ice Company, Inc., petitioner, v. Guy T.
Helvering, Commissioner of Internal Revenue. On writ of cer-

MONDAY, MAY 28, 1934
243
tiorari to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Second
Circuit. Decree affirmed, and cause remanded to said Circuit Court
of Appeals. Opinion by Mr. Justice Van Devanter.
No. 856. W. B. Worthen Company, Agent; George G. Worthen
and Mollie P. Worthen, appellants, v. Mrs. W. D. Thomas. Ap-
peal from the Supreme Court of the State of Arkansas. Judgment
reversed with costs, and cause remanded to the said Supreme Court
for further proceedings not inconsistent with the opinion of this
Court. Opinion by Mr. Chief Justice Hughes. Concurring opin-
ion by Mr. Justice Sutherland in which Mr. Justice Van Devanter,
Mr. Justice McReynolds, and Mr. Justice Butler join.
The Chief Justice announced the following order of the Court:
No. 978. United States Fidelity & Guaranty Company, appellant,
v. City of Toledo, Fidelity & Deposit Company of Maryland, et al.;
No. 979. Standard Surety & Casualty Company, appellant, v.
City of Toledo, Fidelity & Deposit Company of Maryland, et al.;
No. 980. National Surety Company, appellant, v. City of Toledo,
Fidelity & Deposit Company of Maryland, et al.;
No. 981. Guardian Casualty Company, appellant, v. City of
Toledo, Fidelity & Deposit Company of Maryland, et al.; and
No. 982. George S. Van Schaick, Superintendent of Insurance of
the State of New York, et al., appellants, v. City of Toledo, Fidelity
& Deposit Company of Maryland, et al. Appeals from the Supreme
Court of the State of Ohio. Per curiam: The appeals herein are
dismissed for the want of a substantial federal question. Fisher v.
New Orleans, 218 U.S. 438, 440%; Seattle & Renton Ry. v. Linhoff,
231 U.S. 568, 570; Enterprise Irrigation District v. Canal Co., 243
U.S. 157, 165, 166; Tidal Oil Co. v. Flannagan, 263 U.S. 444, 451;
Hebert v. Louisiana, 272 U.S. 312, 316, 317; American Ry. Express
Co. v. Kentucky, 273 U.S. 269, 272, 273; Comer v. State of Wash-
ington, 291 U. S. — (per curiam, decided May 21, 1934).
-
The Chief Justice said:
66
The other orders of the Court appear upon the list certified to
by the Chief Justice and filed with the Clerk and will not be an-
nounced orally."
No. 18. Guy T. Helvering, Commissioner of Internal Revenue,
petitioner, v. Northern Coal Company;
No. 19. Guy T. Helvering, Commissioner of Internal Revenue,
petitioner, v. C. H. Sprague & Son Company;
No. 20. Guy T. Helvering, Commissioner of Internal Revenue,
petitioner, v. United States Refractories Corporation; and

MONDAY, MAY 28, 1934
244
No. 21. Guy T. Helvering, Commissioner of Internal Revenue,
petitioner, v. Oswego and Syracuse Railroad Company. The peti-
tion for rehearing in these cases is entertained, and the cases are
set for hearing on the questions raised in the petition for rehearing
and the answers thereto, including the question of the construction
and effect of the provisions of Section 1005 of the Revenue Act of
1926, on October 8, 1934, after the case heretofore assigned for that
day, and will then be heard with the same effect as though the
hearing on said petition had taken place at this term of Court.
No. -, original. Joseph Poresky, complainant, v. Elisha H.
Brewster, Judge, etc. Motion for leave to file bill of complaint denied.
No. 5, original. State of Wisconsin, et al., complainants, v. The
State of Illinois, et al.;
No. 7, original, State of Michigan, et al., complainants, v. The
State of Illinois, et al.; and
No. 8, original. State of New York, et al., complainants, v. State
of Illinois, et al. Supplemental report of defendants is received
and ordered filed.
No. 1056. Henry Davis, petitioner, v. A. C. Aderhold, Warden,
United States Penitentiary, Atlanta, Georgia. On petition for writ
of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the
Fifth Circuit. The motion for leave to proceed further herein in
forma pauperis is denied for reason that the Court, upon examina-
tion of the papers herein submitted, finds no ground upon which a
writ of certiorari should be granted. The petition for writ of cer-
tiorari is therefore also denied.
No. 1078. Henry Long, petitioner, v. The State of Michigan. On
petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of the State of
Michigan. The motion for leave to proceed further herein in forma
pauperis is denied for the reason that the Court, upon examination
of the papers herein submitted, finds no ground upon which a
writ of certiorari should be granted. The petition for writ of
certiorari is therefore also denied.
No. 994. Robert C. Gillis, as Receiver of Western Oil and Refining
Company, petitioner, v. State of California. Petition for writ of
certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the
Ninth Circuit granted. The case is assigned for argument on Mon-
day, October 8 next, after the cases heretofore assigned for that
day.
No. 1046. Humble Oil & Refining Company, petitioner, v. George
H. Campbell, Receiver of World Oil Company, Inc., et al. On pe-
tition for writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of
Appeals for the Fifth Circuit. The petition for writ of certiorari

MONDAY, MAY 28, 1934
245
herein is denied for failure to comply with Rule 38, paragraph 2,
of the rules of this Court. The brief for the petitioner is 211 pages.
and that of the respondent is 239 pages, in length. Both briefs are
stricken from the files of this Court.
-
No. People of the State of Illinois, ex rel. Jack J. Cobine,
petitioner, v. Peter J. Angsten, Chairman, et al. The application
for allowance of appeal, having been considered by the whole Court,
is denied.
No. 1083. People of the State of Illinois, ex rel. Jack J. Cobine,
petitioner, v. Peter J. Angsten, Chairman, et al. Petition for writ
of certiorari to the Supreme Court of the State of Illinois denied.
No. 808. Mrs. Etta Moore Barry and Leeartie Butler Barry, peti-
tioners, v. The United States of America. Petition for writ of cer-
tiorari to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Sixth
Circuit denied.
No. 955. Floyd Hurst, petitioner, v. D. P. Davis Properties, J. M.
Kesson, Receiver, etc., et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit
denied.
No. 974. Standard Pipe Line Company, Inc., petitioner, v. W. M.
Burnett. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of
the State of Arkansas denied.
No. 983. The Washington Loan and Trust Company, Trustee of
the Estate of Benjamin Pickman Mann, deceased, petitioner, v.
W. B. Allman, as Receiver of the Departmental Bank. Petition
for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals of the District of
Columbia denied.
No. 992. Washington Gas Light Company, petitioner, v. Gladys
H. Dann, Administratrix of the Estate of Wallace Dann, deceased.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals of the Dis-
trict of Columbia denied.
No. 993. The Texas Company, petitioner, v. Edward Roos. Peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of
Appeals for the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 995. Minnie E. Simpson, et al., petitioners, v. David L. Stern,
Abner Drury Company, et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
Court of Appeals of the District of Columbia denied.
No. 996. Mary F. Alexander, petitioner, v. Missouri State Life
Insurance Company. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United
States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Seventh Circuit denied.
No. 1005. Johnson, Drake & Piper, Inc., petitioner, v. Guy T.
Helvering, Commissioner of Internal Revenue. Petition for writ

MONDAY, MAY 28, 1934
246
of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the
Eighth Circuit denied.
No. 1009. John Telman, petitioner, v. The United States of
America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Cir-
cuit Court of Appeals for the Tenth Circuit denied.
No. 1010. Violet Goldsmith, petitioner, v. New York Life In-
surance Company. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United
States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Eighth Circuit denied.
No. 1021. United States Radiator Corporation, petitioner, v.
Pruett H. Henderson and Louise Ezzell Henderson. Petition for
writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for
the Tenth Circuit denied.
No. 1031. Chicago, Milwaukee, St. Paul & Pacific Railroad Com-
pany, petitioner, v. Annie O'Connor, as Special Administratrix etc.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of the State
of Minnesota denied.
No. 1043. United British Steamship Company, Ltd., as Claimant
of the British Steamer "Framlington Court", petitioner, v. New-
foundland Export & Shipping Company, Ltd., et al. Petition for
writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for
the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 106. W. D. Sanders, petitioner, v. Armour Fertilizer Works
and National Fire Insurance Company;
No. 597. Robert J. McKnett, petitioner, v. St. Louis & San Fran-
cisco Railway Company;
No. 660. Annie Sauder, Administratrix etc., et al., petitioners, v.
Mid-Continent Petroleum Corporation;
No. 727. Spring City Foundry Company, petitioner, v. Commis-
sioner of Internal Revenue;
No. 728. Spring City Foundry Company, petitioner, v. Commis-
sioner of Internal Revenue; and
No. 975. Georgia Roberts, by her next friend, Margaret H.
Roberts, et al., appellants, v. Washington Trust Company. Peti-
tions for rehearing denied.
No. 1026. Russell Tyson, et al., etc., petitioners, v. Commissioner
of Internal Revenue;
No. 1027. Russell Tyson, et al., etc., petitioners, v. Commissioner
of Internal Revenue; and
No. 1028. Russell Tyson, et al., etc., petitioners, v. Commissioner
of Internal Revenue.

MONDAY, MAY 28, 1934
247
Motion for an extension of time within which to file respondent's
brief submitted by Mr. Solicitor General Biggs for the respondents,
and the motion denied.
No. 815. John F. O'Ryan, as Commissioner of Police, etc., et al.,
petitioners, v. Mills Novelty Company. Mandate granted on mo-
tion of Mr. Paxton Blair for the petitioners.
No. 657. October Term 1932. Federal Radio Commission, peti-
tioner, v. Nelson Brothers Bond & Mortgage Co. (Station WIBO);
No. 658. October Term 1932. Federal Radio Commission, peti-
tioner, v. North Shore Church (Station WPCC);
No. 659. October Term 1932. Federal Radio Commission and
Johnson-Kennedy Radio Corporation (Station WJKS), v. Nelson
Brothers Bond & Mortgage Company (Station WIBO); and
No. 660. October Term 1932. Federal Radio Commission and
Johnson-Kennedy Radio Corporation (Station WJKS), petitioners,
v. North Shore Church (Station WPCC). Motions for leave to file
petition for rehearing out of time; for leave to file cross petition for
writs of certiorari; for leave to appoint and refer causes to special
master; for rule on Federal Radio Commission to show cause why it
took appeals; to vacate mandates prematurely issued; for tempo-
rary injunction restraining Johnson-Kennedy Corporation (Station
WJKS) from using 560 KC; and for rule on Clerk of this Court
to show cause why he refuses to enter appearance of August Swarz
in these cases submitted by Mr. August Swarz and motions denied.
Adjourned until Monday, June 4th next at 12 o'clock.
Х

MONDAY, JUNE 4, 1934
248
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: The Chief Justice, Mr. Justice Van Devanter, Mr. Jus-
tice Brandeis, Mr. Justice Sutherland, Mr. Justice Butler, Mr.
Justice Stone, Mr. Justice Roberts, and Mr. Justice Cardozo.
Alfred J. Lowe, of Floral Park, N.Y.; John S. Adams, of Dublin
Ga.; M. J. Dougherty, of Mesa, Ariz.; Joseph R. Jackson, of New
York City; Newton E. Anderson, of Los Angeles, Calif.; Earl R.
Wiseman, of Little Rock, Ark.; Louis Tarlowski, of Little Rock,
Ark.; John W. Gaskins, of Washington, D.C.; Jas. C. Martin, of
Roanoke, Va.; Wm. J. Grace, of Chicago, Ill.; Earl Clinton
Crouter, of Buffalo, Wyo.; Leo J. Mundt, of Helena, Ark.; Walter
J. Gresham, of Kansas City, Mo.; William E. Ginsburg, of Boston,
Mass.; Charles C. Crenshaw, of Lubbock, Tex.; Brien McMahon, of
Norwalk, Conn.; Claude W. Barrick, of Tillamook, Oreg.; Samuel
Goldenberg, of Milwaukee, Wis.; Martin F. Smith, of Hoquiam,
Wash.; George A. Judson, of Los Angeles, Calif.; E. C. Street, of
Waco, Tex.; John J. McHale, of Minneapolis, Minn.; Charles H.
Reaves, of Washington, D.C.; Ruth Gottdiener, of New York City;
and Adaline F. York, of Boston, Mass., were admitted to practice.
No. 820. The Fairport, Painesville & Eastern Railroad Company,
petitioner, v. Mayme F. Meredith. On writ of certiorari to the
Court of Appeals, Seventh Judicial District, State of Ohio. Judg-
ment affirmed with costs. Opinion by Mr. Justice Sutherland.
No. 802. John C. Lewis, as Receiver of the Hancock National
Bank of Sparta, Georgia, petitioner v. Fidelity & Deposit Com-
pany of Maryland. On writ of certiorari to the United States Cir-
cuit Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit. Judgment affirmed
with costs, and cause remanded to the District Court of the United.
States for the Middle District of Georgia. Opinion by Mr. Justice
Brandeis.
No. 855. Mrs. Margaret Shea Lynch, petitioner, v. The United
States of America. On writ of certiorari to the United States
Circuit Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit; and
No. 861. Sam Wilner, in his own right and as administrator of
the estate of Meyer Wilner, deceased, petitioner, v. The United
States of America. On writ of certiorari to the United States
13563-34-94

MONDAY, JUNE 4, 1934
249
Circuit Court of Appeals for the Seventh Circuit. Judgments re-
versed, and causes remanded to the District Court of the United
States for the Middle District of Georgia, and to the District Court
of the United States for the Northern District of Illinois, respec-
tively, for further proceedings in conformity with the opinion of
this Court. Opinion by Mr. Justice Brandeis.
No. 12. Concordia Fire Insurance Company, appellant, v. The
People of the State of Illinois. Appeal from the Supreme Court
of the State of Illinois. Judgment affirmed as to taxes for 1923-
1926 and reversed as to tax for 1927, and cause remanded to the
said Supreme Court for further proceedings not inconsistent with
the opinion of this Court. Opinion by Mr. Justice Van Devanter.
Dissenting in part: Mr. Justice Cardozo, Mr. Justice Brandeis, and
Mr. Justice Stone. (Opinion by Mr. Justice Cardozo.) The Chief
Justice took no part in the consideration or decision of this case.
No. 920. The State of Texas, Railroad Commission of the State of
Texas, et al., appellants, v. The United States of America, Interstate
Commerce Commission, et al. Appeal from the District Court of
the United States for the Western District of Missouri.
affirmed. Opinion by Mr. Chief Justice Hughes.
Decree
The Chief Justice announced the following orders of the Court:
No. 1064. McClain Catterlin, appellant, v. The State of Ohio.
Appeal from the Supreme Court of the State of Ohio. Per curiam:
The appeal herein is dismissed for the want of a substantial federal
question. Morrison v. State of California, 291 U.S. 82, 88–91; Casey
v. United States, 276 U.S. 413, 418; Mugler v. Kansas, 123 U.S. 623,
674.
No. 1075. George Hall, alias George Manning, appellant, v. The
People of the State of California. Appeal from the Supreme Court
of the State of California. Per curiam: The appeal herein is dis-
missed (1) for the want of a properly presented federal question,
Hiawassee Power Co. v. Carolina-Tenn. Co., 252 U.S. 341, 343, 344;
Appleby v. Buffalo, 221 U.S. 524, 529; White River Co. v. Arkansas,
279 U.S. 692, 700; and (2) for the reason that the decision of the
State court sought here to be reviewed was based upon a non-federal
ground adequate to support it. Atlantic Coast Line R.R. Co. v.
Mims, 242 U.S. 532, 535; Mutual Life Ins. Co. v. McGrew, 188 U.S.
291, 308; Hartford Life Ins. Co. v. Johnson, 249 U.S. 490, 493.
No. 964. Guy T. Helvering, Commissioner of Internal Revenue,
petitioner, v. Jasper H. Wiese. On petition for writ of certiorari
to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Eighth Cir-
cuit. Per curiam: Petition for writ of certiorari granted. Judg-

MONDAY, JUNE 4, 1934
250
ment reversed on authority of Helvering, Commissioner, v. Newport
Company (decided March 5, 1934).
The Chief Justice said:
"The other orders of the Court appear upon the list certified to
by the Chief Justice and filed with Clerk and will not be announced
orally."
ORDER
It is ordered that Rule 38 of the Rules of this Court be, and it is
hereby, amended as follows, effective September 1, 1934, viz:
(1) That the heading of the said Rule be amended to read as
follows:
"Review on writ of certiorari of decisions of State Courts, Circuit
Courts of Appeals, and the Court of Appeals of the District of
Columbia.
(See Secs. 237 (b) and 240 (a) of the Judicial Code as amended by
the Act of February 13, 1925; also Act of March 8, 1934, and Rules
of Practice and Procedure, after plea of guilty, verdict or finding of
guilty, in Criminal Cases brought in the District Courts of the
United States and in the Supreme Court of the District of Colum-
bia, promulgated May 7, 1934.)”
(2) That paragraph 2 of the said Rule be amended to read as
follows:
"2. The petition shall contain only a summary and short state-
ment of the matter involved and the reasons relied on for the allow-
ance of the writ. A supporting brief may be included in the peti-
tion, but, whether so included or presented separately, it must be
direct, concise, and in conformity with Rules 26 and 27. A failure
to comply with these requirements will be a sufficient reason for
denying the petition. See United States v. Rimer, 220 U.S. 547;
Furness, Withy & Co. v. Yang Tsze Insurance Assn., 242 U.S. 430;
Houston Oil Co. v. Goodrich, 245 U.S. 440; Layne & Bowler Corpora-
tion v. Western Well Works, 261 U.S. 387, 392; Magnum Import Co.
v. Coty, 262 U.S. 159, 163; Southern Power Co. v. North Carolina
Public Service Co., 263 U.S. 508. Forty printed copies of the peti-
tion and supporting brief shall be filed. The petition will be deemed
in time when it, the record, and the supporting brief, are filed with
the Clerk within the period prescribed by section 8 of the Act of
February 13, 1925, except that in cases of petition to this Court for
writ of ceritorari to review a judgment of a Circuit Court of Appeals
or of the Court of Appeals of the District of Columbia in criminal
cases within the provisions of the Act of March 8, 1934, the petition
shall be made within the period prescribed pursuant to said Act in

MONDAY, JUNE 4, 1934
251
Rule XI of the Rules of Practice and Procedure, promulgated May
7, 1934."
No.. Lovell Landers and Addie Exum, petitioners v. The People
of the State of New York. The petition for stay pending petition
for writ of certiorari, which was referred to the whole Court by Mr.
Justice Stone, is denied.
No. 1074. Valdimir K. Jindra, petitioner v. The United States
of America. On petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Circuit Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit. The motion for
leave to proceed further herein in forma pauperis is denied, for the
reason that the Court, upon examination of the papers herein sub-
mitted, finds no ground upon which a writ of certiorari should be
granted. The petition for writ of certiorari is therefore also denied.
No. 1097. Philip H. Marcum, petitioner, v. Maria S. Marcum,
Dwight E. Rorer and Cyril S. Lawrence. On petition for writ of
certiorari to the Court of Appeals of the District of Columbia. The
motion for leave to proceed further herein in forma pauperis is
denied, for the reason that the Court, upon examination of the
papers herein submitted, finds no ground upon which a writ of cer-
tiorari should be granted. The petition for writ of certiorari is
therefore also denied.
No. 1076. Albert W. Hamilton, by Albert Hamilton, his guardian
ad litem et al., appellants, v. The Regents of the University of
California et al. Further consideration of the question of the
jurisdiction of this Court in this case is postponed to the hearing
of the case on the merits.
No. 1092. Fred L. Fox, In his Individual Right, etc., appellant, v.
Standard Oil Company of New Jersey; and
No. 1093. Fred L. Fox, In his Individual Right, etc., appellant, v.
Gulf Refining Company. In these cases probable jurisdiction is
noted.
No. 1037. National Paper Products Company, petitioner, v. Guy
T. Helvering, Commissioner of Internal Revenue; and
No. 1038. Zellerbach Paper Company, petitioner, v. Guy T. Hel-
vering, Commissioner of Internal Revenue. Petition for writs of
certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the
Ninth Circuit granted.
No. 1039. Zellerbach Paper Company, petitioner, v. Guy T. Hel-
vering, Commissioner of Internal Revenue;
No. 1040. Zellerbach Paper Company, as Transferee of A. S. Hop-
kins Company, petitioner, v. Guy T. Helvering, Commissioner of
Internal Revenue; and
No. 1041. National Paper Products Company, petitioner, v. Guy
T. Helvering, Commissioner of Internal Revenue. Petition for writs

MONDAY, JUNE 4, 1934
252
of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the
Ninth Circuit granted.
No. 1033. Brotherhood of Locomotive Firemen and Enginemen
et al., petitioners, v. Ella E. Pinkston. Petition for writ of cer-
<iorari to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Sixth
Circuit granted.
No. 965. H. B. Nelson, Doing Business under the firm name and
style of H. B. Nelson Construction Company, petitioner, v. Josef
Jadrijevics. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Circuit Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 987. Neubert B. Morse and Old Colony Trust Company, Ex-
ecutors etc., et al., petitioners, v. The United States. Petition for
writ of certiorari to the Court of Claims denied.
No. 997. Guardian Trust Company, A. J. Twerrell, et al., peti-
tioners, v. Harry A. Keith, Mamie Keith, et al. Petition for writ
of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the
Eighth Circuit denied.
No. 998. Frazier McIntosh, petitioner, v. Russell B. Seymour,
Trustee in Bankruptcy, etc., et al. Petition for writ of certiorari
to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit
denied.
No. 999. Norman E. Bensinger, as Trustee, etc., and Rose Fried-
man, petitioners, v. Charles D. Hilles, Eugene W. Leake et al. Pe-
tition for writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of
Appeals for the Second Circuit denied.
No. 1000. A. B. Banks, petitioner, v. The Corning Bank & Trust
Company. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of
Arkansas denied.
No. 1001. Cloudy Realty Corporation, petitioner, v. Irving Trust
Company, as Trustee in Bankruptcy of United Cigar Stores Com-
pany of America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United
States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit denied.
No. 1002. Bessie L. Ruwitch, petitioner, v. Louis P. Frankel,
Gustav Frankel, et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United
States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Seventh Circuit denied.
No. 1012. Millard F. Dunlap, petitioner, v. The United States of
America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Cir-
cuit Court of Appeals for the Seventh Circuit denied.
No. 1015. Dinshah P. Ghadiali, petitioner, v. The State of Dela-
ware. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of the
State of Delaware denied.
No. 1016. Julius Glaser and Aaron Waldheim, Executors of the
Estate of David Sommers, deceased, petitioners v. Commissioner of

MONDAY, JUNE 4, 1934
253
Internal Revenue. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United
States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Eighth Circuit denied.
No. 1018. Charles M. Howell, petitioner, v. Guy T. Helvering,
Commissioner of Internal Revenue. Petition for writ of certiorari
to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Eighth Circuit
denied.
No. 1019. The Gildersleeve Shipbuilding Company, Owner of the
Scow "Gildersleeve No. 339", petitioner, v. Scow "Katherine R.
Hickey", Anthony O'Boyle, et al. Petition for writ of certiorari
to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit
denied.
No. 1023. United States of America, ex rel. Jerihem Seeman, alias
Jack Seeman, etc., petitioner, v. Raymond J. Mulligan, United States
Marshal for the Southern District of New York. Petition for writ
of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the
Second Circuit denied.
No. 1024. Harriet A. Frothingham, petitioner, v. Elizabeth C.
Anthony. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Cir-
cuit Court of Appeals for the First Circuit denied.
No. 1029. Sallie Strickland Tricou, petitioner, v. Guy T. Helver-
ing, Commissioner of Internal Revenue. Petition for writ of certi-
orari to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Ninth
Circuit denied.
No. 1030. Petroleum Navigation Company, petitioner, v. Utility
Oil Corporation. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United
States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit denied.
No. 1071. C. O. Carpenter, Receiver of Holston-Union Na-
tional Bank of Knoxville, Tennessee, petitioner, v. David S. Ludlum
and Horace Edward Palmer, Receivers, etc. Petition for writ of
certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the
Third Circuit denied.
No. 1036. Louis B. Von Weise and Ella M. Jacoby, as Executors,
etc., petitioners, v. Commissioner of Internal Revenue. Petition for
writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for
the Eighth Circuit denied.
No. 1013. Consolidated Rendering Company, petitioner, v. The
United States. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Claims
denied.
No. 1014. Ernest A. Bigelow, petitioner, v. Frank Collis Bowers,
as Executor under the Last Will and Testament of Frank K. Bowers,
deceased. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit
Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit denied.

MONDAY, JUNE 4, 1934
254
No. 1017. Matthew Thimgan, petitioner, v. The State of Nebraska.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of the State of
Nebraska denied.
No. 1045. The Aleograph Company, petitioner, v. Western Elec-
tric Company, Inc. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United
States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit denied.
No. 1047. Samuel Gottlieb, Executor and Trustee under the Will
of William F. McQuillen, petitioner, v. Thomas W. White, Collector
of Internal Revenue. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United
States Circuit Court of Appeals for the First Circuit denied.
No. 1048. E. Arthur Robinson, Trustee in Bankruptcy, etc., peti-
tioner, v. Waltham National Bank; and
No. 1049. E. Arthur Robinson, Trustee in Bankruptcy, etc., peti-
tioner, v. Waltham Trust Company. Petition for writs of certiorari
to the Supreme Judicial Court of the State of Massachusetts denied.
No. 1062. Edmund R. Week, and L. P. Moen, Administrator, etc.,
petitioners, v. Guy T. Helvering, as Commissioner of Internal Rev-
enue. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit
Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit denied.
No. 1095. The Interstate Folding Box Company, petitioner, v.
The Empire Box Corporation. Petition for writ of certiorari to
the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Seventh Circuit
denied.
No. 1026. Russell Tyson, Arthur T. Aldis, et al., petitioners, v.
Commissioner of Internal Revenue;
No. 1027. Russell Tyson, Arthur T. Aldis, et al., etc., petitioners,
v. Commissioner of Internal Revenue; and
No. 1028. Russell Tyson, Arthur T. Aldis, et al., etc., petitioners,
v. Commissioner of Internal Revenue. Petition for writs of cer-
tiorari to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the
Seventh Circuit denied.
No. 1050. Margaret A. Jamison et al., Individually and as Sur-
viving Executrices, etc., petitioners, v. William H. Edwards, Form-
erly Collector of Internal Revenue, etc.;
No. 1051. Margaret A. Jamison et al., Individually and as Sur-
viving Executrices, etc., petitioners, v. Frank Collis Bowers, as
Executor, etc.;
No. 1052. Margaret A. Jamison et al., Individually and as Sur-
viving Executrices, etc., petitioners, v. John Z. Lowe, Jr., Formerly
Collector of Internal Revenue, etc.;
No. 1053. Margaret A. Jamison et al., Individually and as Ad-
ministratrices, etc., petitioners, v. William H. Edwards, Formerly
Collector of Internal Revenue, etc.;

Х
MONDAY, JUNE 4, 1934
255
No. 1054. Margaret A. Jamison et al., Individually and as Ad-
ministratrices, etc., petitioners, v. Frank Collis Bowers, as Executor,
etc.; and
No. 1055. Margaret A. Jamison et al., Individually and as Ad-
ministratrices, etc., petitioners, v. John Z. Lowe, Jr., Formerly Col-
lector of Internal Revenue, etc. Petition for writs of certiorari to
the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit
denied.
No. 578. Alice Aschenbrenner, petitioner, v. United States Fidel-
ity & Guaranty Company. Leave granted to file petition for re-
hearing. Petition for rehearing denied.
No. 565. Ruth Loughran, petitioner, v. John Loughran, Joseph
Loughran et al., etc.;
No. 941. Continental Casualty Company, petitioner, v. The United
States of America, for the use of W. Howard Ainsworth, Trustee,
etc.; and
No. 942. Roy M. Wahlgren, petitioner, v. Bausch & Lomb Optical
Company et al. Petitions for rehearing denied.
The Chief Justice also announced the following order:
No. 787. Illinois Commerce Commission et al., appellants, v. The
United States of America et al. Motion for stay of mandate sub-
mitted by Mr. Luther M. Walter for the appellants, in support of
the motion, and by Mr. Frederic D. McKenney for Railroad com-
panies, appellees, in opposition thereto, and the motion denied.
ORDER
All cases submitted and all business before the Court at this term
having been disposed of,
It is ordered by this Court that all cases on the docket be, and
they are hereby, continued to the next term.
Adjourned to the time and place appointed by law.