Tam
I
50
OCTOBER TERM, 1936
STATISTICS
Number of cases on docket_
Cases disposed of..
Remaining on docket-
-1767
Original Appellate Total
312
1,039
1,052
941
942
98
110
Cases disposed of-
By written opinions_.
180
By per curiam opinions_
80
By denial or dismissal of petitions for certiorari….
By motion to dismiss of per stipulation__.
671
10
By final decree (2 Original) ---
1
Number of written opinions.
Number of per curiam opinions.
Number of admissions to bar...
149
70
1,205
REFERENCE INDEX
President Roosevelt, Court recessed to attend inauguration of
Ván Devanter, J., correspondence upon retirement.
Page
128
247
Clerk's bonds approved---
Disbarment, in the matter of-
Holmes Hall___
108
44,84
Jesse C. Duke___
Louis Fried_ _____
Tobias C. Phillips---
44, 108, 114
81, 125
207, 236, 239
Maurice R. Woulfe____
Rules, amendment to Rule 32, par. 6--
Rules, amendment to Rule 2.
223
37
85
Rules, amendment to table of fees rule of Court of Customs
and Patent Appeals ____
52
Criminal Rules, amendment to Rule I__
231
Bankruptcy, General Order LIII promulgated……….
Counsel appointed to argue criminal case (No. 660) -.
149
198
Amicus curiae, leave granted United States to file brief and
argue (Nos. 180, 138) ---
68,74
Amicus curiae, leave granted State of New York to file brief
and argue (Nos. 451, 370) ---
97624-37-97
116, 119

II
Amicus curiae, Attorney General of the United States invited
to file briefs presenting views of the Government (Nos. 552,
625, 773, 774).
Page
241
82, 133, 159, 242
Opinions amended (Nos. 27, 436, 268, 910)
Briefs following submission without argument Court di-
rected parties to file additional and clarifying briefs and to
argue orally (No. 20)
Moot case Court granted certiorari for the purpose of vacat-
ing the decree of the District Court where it was shown case
had become moot (No. 130).
45
4
Judgments affirmed by equally divided Court (Nos. 49, 50, 64-
New York Unemployment Insurance Cases-No. 804) ---- 75,238
Habeas corpus, rule to show cause why leave to file should not
be granted-rule discharged ---
81, 108, 115
Appeal dismissed for failure to comply fully with Rule 12
(No. 584), was later reinstated__
Appeal dismissed where as a matter of precaution counsel had
taken a second appeal to the Supreme Court of Minnesota
after that Court had reversed the judgment below with di-
rections to amend the findings of fact and conclusions with
the views expressed in the decision and to order judgment
for the state. Appeals were taken to this Court from both
judgments. This Court considered the first judgment final
and noted jurisdiction (No. 647). The appeal from the sub-
sequent judgment was dismissed (No. 648) -
Certiorari under Sec. 262 of the Judicial Code.
In the matter
of 620 Church St. Bldg. Corp. (299 U. S. 24), which was an
application for certiorari under Sec. 240 of the Judicial
Code to review an order of the C. C. A. denying leave to
appeal to that court from an order of the District Court con-
firming a plan of reorganization under Sec. 77B of the
Bankruptcy Act, this Court held that it did not have juris-
diction under Sec. 240 but that the action of the C. C. A.
could be reviewed under the general power conferred by Sec.
262. Following that decision the Clerk's office was directed in
the future not to place applications involving jurisdiction
under Sec. 262 on the appellate docket but to treat them as
in the nature of original actions and to advise counsel that
as in all original actions such applications should first be
presented to the Court on a motion for leave to file. This
procedure was followed in several such applications. To date
all have terminated in an order denying leave to file
158
133
162
167, 191, 231, 239

III
Certiorari denied for failure to file in time-appeal from
C. C. A. was dismissed for want of jurisdiction-petition
for certiorari in the same case was not filed within three
months from date of final judgment (No. 116) -----
Certiorari denied for failure to file in time-it was urged un-
successfully that the filing of a timely application for re-
hearing by an amicus curiae tolled the time within which
the petitioner might apply for certiorari and that the three
months period for filing certiorari ran from the date of the
denial of such petition for rehearing (No. 352).
Certiorari denied for want of final judgment (Nos. 106,
411) ___
Certiorari application for, dismissed as premature without
prejudice to renewal of application after action by Court of
Claims on motion for amendment of the special findings.
Motion to defer consideration of the application was denied
(No. 225).
Motion for damages granted (Nos. 338, 543).
Motion as to printing record (No. 379).
--
Motion to print abbreviated record and to dispense with print-
ing records in companion cases, consented to and granted
(Nos. 867, etc.) ____
Motion to waive rule as to printing record denied
Motion to shorten time for filing opposition to
certiorari denied (Nos. 472, 1005)-
Motion to amend judgment denied (No. 41) ---
Motion to intervene denied (No. 532) --
Motion to intervene granted (Nos. 499, 922) --
Page
4
13
13, 54
13
6, 100
28, 35
203, 207
(No. 537) -- 86, 92
petition for
38, 45, 235
102, 106
161
227, 232, 233
Motion to dismiss on ground that appeal was not taken from
judgment of highest state court (Texas) denied (No. 807) --
Motion to dismiss certiorari on same ground denied (No. 836)-
Motion to recall and amend mandate denied (No. 102 O. T.
1934) …….
224
240
236, 240
Motion for leave to file in the District Court a petition to file
supplemental answer and for rehearing denied without preju-
dice to application to the District Court (No. 102 O. T.
1934)__
236, 240
Stay order-motion for, denied (Georgia Power v. T. V. A.) -- 192
Temporary restraining order and injunction granted (No.
638)
125, 152
Injunction-motion for, denied (No. 472, 410) ---
Injunction-motion for modification of injunction order below
38, 45, 54
granted (Nos. 724 and 797).
183, 187
Rehearing granted (No. 285) --
176

IV
Rehearing granted and judgment reversed per curiam (No.
347)
Rehearing granted (No. 202 O. T. 1935). Certiorari was de-
nied at the previous term and prior to expiration of term an
extension of time to Nov. 2nd was obtained to file petition
for rehearing. Prior to that date an order was obtained
from an individual Justice extending the time to Dec. 8.
Prior to the latter date a motion for further extension was
submitted (p. 77) and denied (p. 82). At the same time a
petition for rehearing filed concurrently with the motion
for extension was denied (p. 82). Subsequently a motion
for leave to file a second petition for rehearing was submit-
ted (p. 173). Upon consideration thereof the Court vacated
its orders denying certiorari and rehearing and granted
a rehearing
Order suspending call of docket..
Adjournment order__
Page
125
176
209
246
U. S. GOVERNMENT PRINTING OFFICE: 1937

MONDAY, OCTOBER 5, 1936
I
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: The Chief Justice, Mr. Justice Van Devanter, Mr. Justice
McReynolds, Mr. Justice Brandeis, Mr. Justice Sutherland, Mr.
Justice Butler, Mr. Justice Stone, Mr. Justice Roberts, and Mr. Justice
Cardozo.
Ellis N. Slack, of Washington, D. C.; Everett C. McKeage, of San
Francisco, Calif.; Harold Rosenwald, of Boston, Mass.; Sidney
Brooks Alexander, of New York City; Joseph S. Diver, of Jackson-
ville, Fla.; James M. Smith, Jr., of Ocala, Fla.; Harry G. Hershenson,
of Chicago, Ill.; Wm. Logan Hill, of Pensacola, Fla.; R. Keith Kane,
of New York City; John Henry Bramlett, of Asheville, N. C.; Jonah
H. Berman, of Montgomery, Ala.; Edward Hershenson, of Chicago,
Ill.; James B. McKeon, of Chicago, Ill.; Francis Caminetti, of Pater-
son, N. J.; Keith E. Moyer, of Washington, D. C.; Joseph Gottland
Brin, of Boston, Mass.; George Eugene Beechwood, of Philadelphia,
Pa.; Parker Wood, of Los Angeles, Calif.; Major T. Bell, of Beau-
mont, Tex.; James D. Hayes, of Detroit, Mich.; Lucy Connell Moore,
of Marianna, Fla.; Henry E. Moore, of Marianna, Fla.; Hazel Fay
Harvey, of San Francisco, Calif.; Philip F. Biggins, of Washington,
D. C.; James S. Brown, Jr., of Brooklyn, N. Y.; John W. Hardell, of
Washington, D. C.; R. V. Bottomly, of Great Falls, Mont.; Alfred E.
Driscoll, of Camden, N. J.; William Calvin Gotshalk, of Camden,
N. J.; Oscar S. Cox, of New York City; Sol Charles Levine, of New
York City; Oscar C. Strom, of Gary, Ind.; George W. Hulbert, of
Gary, Ind.; Lilian M. Fish, of Los Angeles, Calif.; James William
Sommerville, of Arlington, Va.; Wm. A. Gunning, of Providence,
R. I.; Samuel Lebowitz, of Washington, D. C.; Philip Rosenfeld, of
Washington, D. C.; Theodore J. Wool, of Norfolk, Va.; and James R.
Morford, of Wilmington, Del., were admitted to practice.
-
No. , original. Ex parte: Harold Maniloff et al., petitioners.
Motion for leave to file petition for writ of mandamus submitted by
Mr. Meyer Abrams for the petitioners.
No., original. Ex parte: Lee Nichols, petitioner. Return to
rule to show cause presented.
97624-36-1

MONDAY, OCTOBER 5, 1936
2
No. 4, original. State of Wisconsin et al., complainants, v. State of
Illinois et al.;
No. 5, original. State of Michigan et al., complainants, v. State of
Illinois et al.; and
No. 6, original. State of New York et al., complainants, v. State of
Illinois et al. Semiannual report of Sanitary District of Chicago,
dated July 1, 1936, presented.
No. 8, original. Commonwealth of Kentucky, complainant, v. State
of Indiana. Report No. 13 of defendant, State of Indiana, presented.
No. 10, original. State of Nebraska, complainant, v. State of Wyo-
ming et al. Replication of complainant to amended and supple-
mental answer of the defendant State of Wyoming, replication to
the answer of the State of Colorado, and answer to the cross-bill of
the State of Colorado presented.
No. 10, original. State of Nebraska, complainant, v. State of Wyo-
ming et al. Answer of defendant, State of Wyoming to cross bill
of the State of Colorado presented.
No. 10, original. State of Nebraska, complainant, v. State of Wyo-
ming et al. Replication of defendant, State of Colorado to the
answer of complainant, and replication to the answer of defendant,
State of Wyoming to the cross bill of the State of Colorado presented.
Adjourned until Monday next at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Monday, October 12th, will be as follows: Nos.
51, 2, 3, 4 (and 5), 6 (7 and 8), 9, 10, 11, 12, and 13 (14 and 15).

MONDAY, OCTOBER 12, 1936
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
3
Present: The Chief Justice, Mr. Justice Van Devanter, Mr.
Justice McReynolds, Mr. Justice Brandeis, Mr. Justice Sutherland,
Mr. Justice Butler, Mr. Justice Stone, Mr. Justice Roberts, and Mr.
Justice Cardozo.
Stanford Clinton, of Chicago, Ill.; Harry William Stewart, Jr.,
of West Palm Beach, Fla.; Kneland C. Tanner, of Portland, Ore.;
Abraham L. Schapiro, of Chicago, Ill.; Bernard Charles Schiff, of
Chicago, Ill.; William Rosenzweig, of New York City; Philip A.
Carroll, of New York City; Walter H. Gentsch, of East Jaffrey, N.
H.; Joe E. Schoales, of Washington, D. C.; Edgar J. Goodrich, of
Washington, D. C.; Herbert F. Goodrich, of Philadelphia, Pa.;
Archibald B. Dorman, of Los Angeles, Calif.; James Melville Mon-
sarrat, of Honolulu, T. H.; James E. McCabe, of Longview, Tex.;
Russell W. Kelsch, of Dallas, Tex.; Claude H. Stevens, of Detroit,
Mich.; C. Kenneth Thies, of St. Louis, Mo.; Roy Wiedersum, of
New York City; Eugene M. Caffey, of Arlington, Va.; Otey McClel-
lan, of New York City; Milton T. Lasher, of Edgewater, N. J.; Wil-
liam Whynman, of New York City; Reuben L. Freeman, of Chi-
cago, Ill.; Frank F. Messer, of Iowa City, Iowa; Edward L. O'Con-
nor, of Des Moines, Iowa; Merritt Barton, of Washington, D. C.;
Charles F. C. Arensberg, of Pittsburgh, Pa.; Ella Graubart, of
Pittsburgh, Pa.; Robt. H. McCauley, of Hagerstown, Md.; J. Lloyd
Harshman, of Hagerstown, Md.; Charles F. Wagaman, of Hagers-
town, Md.; John Wagaman, of Hagerstown, Md.; C. Walter Baker,
of Hagerstown, Md.; Daniel W. Doub, of Hagerstown, Md.; Henry
Holzapfel, 3rd, of Hagerstown, Md.; William H. Bovey, of Hagers-
town, Md.; D. Angle Wolfinger, of Hagerstown, Md.; Martin Van
Buren Bostetter, of Hagerstown, Md.; John E. Dougherty, of Pe-
oria, Ill.; Irwin S. Rubelle, of Peoria, Ill.; and Leo J. Lucier, of
Des Moines, Iowa, were admitted to practice.
No. 256. H. E. Woolsey, appellant, v. Roy Best, Warden, etc.
Appeal from the Supreme Court of the State of Colorado. Dis-
missed for want of jurisdiction. Opinion, per curiam, announced by
Mr. Chief Justice Hughes.
97624-36-2

MONDAY, OCTOBER 12, 1936
4
Per
The Chief Justice announced the following orders of the Court:
No. 94. Hugh A. Cannon, appellant, v. State of Louisiana. Ap-
peal from the Supreme Court of the State of Louisiana.
curiam: The appeal herein is dismissed for the want of jurisdic-
tion. Section 237 (a), Judicial Code, as amended by the Act of
February 13, 1925 (43 Stat. 936, 937). Treating the papers whereon
the appeal was allowed as a petition for a writ of certiorari, as
required by Section 237 (c), Judicial Code, as amended (43 Stat.
936, 938), certiorari is denied. The motion for leave to proceed fur-
ther herein in forma pauperis is denied.
No. 109. John A. Timmons and Alice M. Timmons, appellants, v.
Security Savings Bank of Marshalltown, Iowa. Appeal from the
Supreme Court of the State of Iowa. Per curiam: The motion of
the appellee to dismiss the appeal herein is granted, and the appeal
is dismissed for the want of a substantial federal question. Gibbes
v. Zimmerman, 290 U. S. 326, 332; Doty v. Love, 295 U. S. 64.
No. 116. The Drackett Company, appellant, v. The Chamberlain
Company. Appeal from and petition for writ of certiorari to the
United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Third Circuit.
Per curiam: The motion of the appellee to dismiss the appeal is
granted, and the appeal is dismissed for the want of jurisdiction.
Section 240 (b) and (c), Judicial Code, as amended by the Act of
February 13, 1925 (43 Stat. 936, 939). The petition for a writ of
certiorari is denied for the reason that application therefor was not
made within the time provided by law. Act of February 13, 1925,
Section 8 (a) (43 Stat. 936, 940).
No. 130. Thomas Bracken, Thomas McAvoy, et al., petitioners, v.
Securities and Exchange Commission. On petition for writ of cer-
tiorari to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Second
Circuit. Per curiam: The petition for writ of certiorari in this case
is granted. The decree of the Circuit Court of Appeals is reversed
and the cause is remanded to the District Court with directions to
vacate its decree and to dismiss the proceeding upon the ground
that the cause is moot. Brownlow v. Schwartz, 261 U. S. 216;
Alejandrino v. Quezon, 271 U. S. 528, 535, 536; C. M. Patten & Co.
v. U. S., 289 U. S. 705; First Union Trust & Savings Bank v. Con-
sumers Co., 290 U. S. 585.
No. 134. State of Wisconsin, ex rel. Saylesville Cheese Manufac-
turing Company, appellant, v. A. G. Zimmerman, Circuit Judge of
Branch No. 1 of the Circuit Court for the Ninth Judicial Circuit of
the State of Wisconsin. Appeal from the Supreme Court of the State
of Wisconsin. Per curiam: The motion of the appellee to dismiss the
appeal herein is granted, and the appeal is dismissed for the want of
a substantial federal question. Cincinnati Street Railway Co. v.
Snell, 193 U. S. 30; Bain Peanut Co. v. Pinson, 282 U. S. 499, 501.

MONDAY, OCTOBER 12, 1936
5
No. 149. Banner Cleaners & Dyers, Inc., appellant, v. The State
of Louisiana. Appeal from the Supreme Court of the State of Loui-
siana. Per curiam: The motion of the appellee to dismiss the appeal
herein is granted, and the appeal is dismissed for the want of a sub-
stantial federal question. American Sugar Refining Co. v. Louisiana,
179 U. S. 89; Quong Wing v. Kirkendall, 223 U. S. 59, 62, 63; Tax
Commissioners v. Jackson, 283 U. S. 527, 537–538.
No. 157. Leroy E. Eastman, appellant, v. The State of Ohio. Ap-
peal from the Supreme Court of the State of Ohio. Per curiam: The
appeal herein is dismissed for the want of a final judgment. Rankin
v. The State, 11 Wall. 380; Heike v. United States, 217 U. S. 423,
432-433.
No. 174. Arthur J. Ham, Insurance Commissioner of the State
of Wyoming, appellant, v. The Equitable Life Assurance Society of
the United States. Appeal from the Supreme Court of the State of
Wyoming. Per curiam: The motion of the appellee to dismiss the
appeal herein is granted, and the appeal is dismissed for the want of
a substantial federal question. Seattle & Renton Ry. v. Linhoff, 231
U. S. 568, 570; Gasquet v. Lapeyre, 242 U. S. 367, 369; Enterprise
Irrig. Dist. v. Canal Co., 243 U. S. 157, 165, 166.
No. 252. Bennie Glover, appellant, v. Lacey Simpson, Warden,
Kansas State Penitentiary. Appeal from the Supreme Court of the
State of Kansas. Per curiam: The motion of the appellee to dismiss
the appeal herein is granted, and the appeal is dismissed for the want
of a substantial federal question. Moore v. Missouri, 159 U. S. 673;
McDonald v. Massachusetts, 180 U. S. 311; Graham v. West Virginia,
224 U. S. 616; Levell v. Simpson, 297 U. S. 695.
No. 265. Mike J. Lindway, appellant, v. The State of Ohio. Ap-
peal from and petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court
of the State of Ohio. Per curiam: The motion of the appellee to
dismiss the appeal is granted and the appeal is dismissed for the
want of jurisdiction. Section 237 (a) Judicial Code, as amended
by the Act of February 13, 1925 (43 Stat. 936, 937). The petition
for writ of certiorari is denied.
No. 282. Florence M. Dederick, appellant, v. Robert W. Smith.
Appeal from the Supreme Court of the State of New Hampshire.
Per curiam: The motion of the appellee to dismiss the appeal herein
is granted, and the appeal is dismissed for the want of a substantial
federal question. Railroad Co. v. Husen, 95 U. S. 465, 472; Jacobson
v. Massachusetts, 197 U. S. 11, 28, 29; Zucht v. King, 260 U. S. 174,
176, 177.
No. 289. C. A. Skipper, appellant, v. Doyle Schumacher, as Sheriff
of Highlands County, Florida. Appeal from the Supreme Court of
the State of Florida. Per curiam: The motion for leave to file

Seattle & Renton Ry. v. Linhoff,
Hebert v. Louisiana,
MONDAY, OC OBLR 12, 1936
6
amended statement as to jurisdiction is granted. The motion of the
appellee to dismiss the appeal is granted, and the appeal is dismissed
for the want of a substantial federal question. Prudential Ins. Co.
✓ Moore, 231 U. S. 568, 570; Enterprise Irrig. Dist. v. Canal Co.,
243 U. S. 157, 165, 166; Moore v. Fidelity & Deposit Co., 272 U. S.
312, 316, 317; Amer. Ry. Express v. Kentucky, 273 U. S. 269, 272, 273;
Secor v. Fulton, 293 U. S. 517. Insofar as the papers whereon the
appeal was allowed seek review of the rulings of the Supreme Court
of Florida upon questions of the asserted denial of rights under the
Federal Constitution not involving the validity of any statute of the
State, such papers are treated as a petition for writ of certiorari
(Sec. 237 (c), Judicial Code, as amended by the Act of February 13,
1925, 43 Stat. 936, 938), and certiorari is denied.
No. 290. The Polk Company, appellant, v. Nathan Mayo, as Com-
missioner of Agriculture of the State of Florida. Appeal from the
Supreme Court of the State of Florida. Per curiam: The motion
for leave to amend the statement as to jurisdiction is granted. The
appeal is dismissed for the want of a substantial federal question.
Gundling v. Chicago, 177 U. S. 183, 188; Payne v. Kansas, 248 U. S.
112; Arnold v. Hanna, 276 U. S. 591; cf. Sligh v. Kirkwood, 237
U. S. 52, 61, 62.
No. 338. Winston Bros. Company, appellant, v. Harry R. Stover.
Appeal from the Supreme Court of the State of Washington. Per
curiam: The motion of the appellee to dismiss the appeal herein is
granted, and the appeal is dismissed (1) for the want of a substan-
tial federal question (Atkin v. Kansas, 191 U. S. 207, 223, 224;
Heim v. McCall, 239 U. S. 175, 191–193; Caldwell v. Louisiana, 282
U. S. 801; Gianatasio v. Kaplan, 284 U. S. 595); (2) for the reason
that the judgment sought here to be reviewed is based upon a non-
federal ground adequate to support it. Pierce v. Somerset Railway,
171 U. S. 641, 648; Leonard v. Vicksburg &c R. R. Co., 198 U. S. 416,
422, 423; McCoy v. Shaw, 277 U. S. 302, 303. The motion of the
appellee to allow damages is granted, and it is ordered that dam-
ages of one thousand dollars, payable to appellee, be taxed against
appellant. Slaker v. O'Connor, 278 U. S. 188; Roe v. Kansas, 278
U. S. 191; Mississippi Central R. Co. v. Aultman, 296 U. S. 537.
No. 353. Helen M. Torinus, appellant, v. Roy F. Johnson, The
Auditor of Washington County, Minnesota, et al. Appeal from the
Supreme Court of the State of Minnesota. Per curiam: The appeal
herein is dismissed for the want of a substantial federal question.
Tappan v. Merchants' National Bank, 19 Wall. 490, 505; Florida
Central &c R'd. Co. v. Reynolds, 183 U. S. 471; 480–481; White
River Co. v. Arkansas, 279 U. S. 692, 696–699.

MONDAY, OCTOBER 12, 1936
The Chief Justice said:
7
"The other orders of the Court appear upon the list certified by
the Chief Justice and filed with the Clerk and will not be announced.
orally."
No. original. Ex parte: Thomas P. Merriam, petitioner;
'
No. -, original.
No. original.
No. -, original.
Ex parte: Joseph Lesser, petitioner;
Ex parte: Norman T. Whitaker, petitioner;
Ex parte: T. J. Hamilton, petitioner;
No., original. Ex parte: Elza G. Wyatt, petitioner; and
No. -
original. Ex parte: William Franklyn Wiltse, petitioner.
The motions for leave to file petitions for writs of habeas corpus
herein are denied.
No. , original. Ex parte: Douglas Van Horne, petitioner; and
No., original. Ex parte: Harold Maniloff, petitioner. The
motions for leave to file petitions for writs of mandamus herein are
denied.
No., original. Ex parte: Lee Nichols, petitioner. The rule to
show cause herein is discharged and the motion for leave to file peti-
tion for writ of mandamus is denied.
No. 4, original. State of Wisconsin et al., complainants, v. State of
Illinois et al.
No. 5, original. State of Michigan et al., complainants, v. State of
Illinois et al.; and
No. 6, original. State of New York et al., complainants, v. State of
Illinois et al. Semi-annual report of Sanitary District of Chicago,
dated July 1, 1936, is received and ordered filed.
No. 8, original. Commonwealth of Kentucky, complainant, v. State
of Indiana. Report No. 13 of defendant, State of Indiana, is re-
ceived and ordered filed.
No. 10, original. State of Nebraska, complainant, v. State of Wyo-
ming et al. The replications of Nebraska to the amended and sup-
plemental answer of Wyoming and the answer of Colorado, the
answers of Nebraska and Wyoming to the cross-bill of Colorado,
and the replications of Colorado to the answers of Nebraska and
Wyoming are received and ordered filed.
It is ordered that the authority granted Michael J. Doherty, Esq.,
the Special Master, by the provisions of the order entered herein on
October 14, 1935, shall be deemed to embrace like authority in rela-
tion to the issues raised by the pleadings above mentioned.
No. 212. Forest Marvel, petitioner, v. Fred G. Zerbst, Warden of
the United States Penitentiary, Leavenworth, Kansas. Petition for
writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals
for the Tenth Circuit granted. The motion for leave to proceed in
forma pauperis is also granted.

MONDAY, OCTOBER 12, 1936
00
8
No. 129. Robert E. Hammersmith, petitioner, v. Joseph H. Brophy,
Warden of Auburn State Prison, Auburn, New York. On petition
for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of the State of New
York;
No. 150. Cephas F. Perkins and his wife Louise E. Perkins, peti-
tioners, v. The Honorable Supreme Court of the State of Arizona
et al. On petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of the
State of Arizona;
No. 165. John Wolker, petitioner, v. Electric Ferries, Inc. On
petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of
Appeals for the Second Circuit;
No. 168. William Owens, petitioner, v. The United States of
America. On petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia;
No. 176. Mathilda Chamblin, petitioner, v. Charles Edward Cham-
blin et al. On petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court
of the State of Illinois;
No. 178. James Norton, petitioner, v. Fred G. Zerbst, Warden,
United States Penitentiary, Leavenworth, Kansas. On petition for
writ, of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for
the Tenth Circuit;
No. 211. Edward E. Rehmeyer and Essie Rehmeyer, his wife, peti-
tioners, v. First National Bank in New Freedom. On petition for
writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for
the Third Circuit;
No. 249. Karl J. Krueger, petitioner, v. The United States. On
petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Claims;
No. 277. Richard G. L. Paige, petitioner, v. Commonwealth of
Virginia. On petition for writ of certiorari to the Corporation
Court of the City of Norfolk, Commonwealth of Virginia;
No. 300. James J. O'Brien, petitioner, v. Honorable Murray Hul-
bert, Judge of the United States District Court, etc., et al. On peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of
Appeals for the Second Circuit;
No. 302. Anna Yannish, petitioner, v. The New York Central Rail-
road Company. On petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme
Court of the State of New York;
No. 380. Roscoe Luke, petitioner, v. The United States of America.
On petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court
of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit; and
No. 450. Lawrence Marks, petitioner, v. Joseph W. Moore et al.
On petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of the State
of New York. The motions for leave to proceed further herein in
forma pauperis are denied for the reason that the Court, upon exami-

MONDAY, OCTOBER 12, 1936
9
nation of the papers herein submitted, finds no ground upon which
writs of certiorari should be granted. The petitions for writs of
certiorari are therefore also denied.
No. 98. The United States of America, appellant, v. Curtiss-
Wright Export Corporation et al.;
No. 228. The Chippewa Indians of Minnesota, appellants, v. The
United States et al.;
No. 253. Wayne County Board of Review et al., appellants, v.
Great Lakes Steel Corporation;
No. 293. West Coast Hotel Company, appellant, v. Ernest Parrish
et al.;
No. 295. Legh R. Powell, Jr., et al., appellants, v. The United
States of America et al.;
No. 307. Isbrandtsen-Moller Co., Inc., appellant, v. The United
States of America et al.; and
No. 355. Hartford Steam Boiler Inspection and Insurance Com-
pany et al., appellants, v. William B. Harrison, Insurance Commis-
sioner. In these cases probable jurisdiction is noted.
No. 217. Midland Realty Company, appellant, v. Kansas City
Power & Light Company; and
No. 241. George Pope et al., appellants, v. L. W. Blanton, County
Judge, et al. The motions for leave to file statements of jurisdiction
in these cases are granted and probable jurisdiction is noted.
No. 226. Old Dearborn Distributing Company, appellant, v.
Seagram-Distillers Corporation. The motion for leave to file state-
ment of jurisdiction in this case is granted. Probable jurisdiction is
noted and the case is assigned for hearing immediately following
Nos. 55 and 79.
No. 235. Richmond Mortgage & Loan Corporation, appellant, v.
Wachovia Bank and Trust Company et al. In this case probable
jurisdiction is noted. Further consideration of the motion to dis-
miss is postponed to the hearing of the case on the merits.
No. 108. The North American Cement Corporation, appellant, v.
Mark Graves et al., etc.;
No. 139. The People of the State of New York, upon the relation
of Richard Reid Rogers, appellant, v. Mark Graves et al., etc.;
No. 175. Marcus Hauge, appellant, v. The City of Chicago; and
No. 218. The People of the State of New York, ex rel. C.
Handasyde Whitney, appellant, v. Mark Graves et al., etc. Further
consideration of the question of the jurisdiction of this Court in these
cases and of the motions to dismiss or affirm is postponed to the
hearing of the cases on the merits.
No. 298. Stockholders of Peoples Banking Company of Smiths-
burg, Maryland, appellants, v. Warren F. Sterling, Receiver, etc.; and

MONDAY, OCTOBER 12, 1936
10
No. 299. Stockholders of Hagerstown Bank and Trust Company,
appellants, v. Warren F. Sterling, Receiver, etc. The motion for
leave to file amended statement of jurisdiction in these cases is
granted. Further consideration of the question of the jurisdiction
of this Court in these cases and of the motion to dismiss or affirm in
No. 298, and of the motion to dismiss in No. 299 is postponed to the
hearing of the cases on the merits.
No. 70. The National Home for Disabled Volunteer Soldiers, Dan-
ville, Illinois, et al., petitioners, v. Harvey M. Wood, as Administra-
tor of the Estate of Walter Searles, deceased. Petition for writ of
certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the
Seventh Circuit granted.
No. 97. The United States, petitioner, v. Percy K. Hudson. Peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the Court of Claims granted.
No. 100. W. P. Brown & Sons Lumber Company et al., petitioners,
v. Louisville & Nashville Railroad Company et al. Petition for writ
of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the
Sixth Circuit granted.
No. 103. District of Columbia, petitioner, v. Ethel Clawans. Peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for
the District of Columbia granted.
No. 104. The Prairie Farmer Publishing Company et al., peti-
tioners, v. The Indiana Farmer's Guide Publishing Company. Peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of
Appeals for the Seventh Circuit granted.
No. 125. A. L. Shapleigh et al., petitioners, v. Pascual Mier. Peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of
Appeals for the Fifth Circuit granted.
No. 138. Kentucky Whip and Collar Company, petitioner, v.
Illinois Central Railroad Company. Petition for writ of certiorari to
the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Sixth Circuit
granted.
No. 146. John Hancock Mutual Life Insurance Company, peti-
tioner, v. Mrs. Edna K. Yates. Petition for writ of certiorari to
the Supreme Court of the State of Georgia granted.
No. 155. Employers Reinsurance Corporation, petitioner, v. Ran-
dolph Bryant, United States District Judge, etc. Petition for writ
of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the
Fifth Circuit granted.
No. 161. Liggett and Myers Tobacco Co., petitioner, v. The United
States;
No. 162. The Commonwealth of Massachusetts, petitioner, v. The
United States; and

MONDAY, OCTOBER 12, 1936
11
No. 163. Liggett and Myers Tobacco Co., on behalf of the Common-
wealth of Massachusetts, petitioner, v. The United States. Petition
for writs of certiorari to the Court of Claims granted.
No. 171. Henry C. Hill, Warden, etc., petitioner, v. United States,
ex rel. Joseph Weiner. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United
States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Third Circuit granted.
No. 172. The United States, petitioner, v. The Seminole Nation.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Claims granted.
No. 180. Holyoke Water Power Company, petitioner, v. American
Writing Paper Company, Inc. Petition for writ of certiorari to
the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the First Circuit
granted.
No. 214. Juan Bengzon, petitioner, v. The Secretary of Justice and
Insular Auditor of the Philippine Islands. Petition for writ of
certiorari to the Supreme Court of the Philippine Islands granted.
No. 224. Osaka Shosen Kaisha Line, Claimant etc., petitioner, v.
The United States of America. Petition for writ of certiorari to
the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit
granted.
No. 227. Jose Matos, petitioner, v. Alonso Hermanos et al. Peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of
Appeals for the First Circuit granted.
No. 247. Edward T. Blair, petitioner, v. Commissioner of Internal
Revenue. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Cir-
cuit Court of Appeals for the Seventh Circuit granted.
No. 254. Homer S. Cummings, Attorney General of the United
States, et al., petitioners, v. Deutsche Bank und Disconto-Gesellschaft.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the District of Columbia granted.
No. 255. The Elmhurst Cemetery Company of Joliet, petitioner, v.
Commissioner of Internal Revenue. Petition for writ of certiorari
to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Seventh Cir-
cuit granted.
No. 257. Guy T. Helvering, Commissioner of Internal Revenue,
petitioner, v. The Midland Mutual Life Insurance Company. Peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of
Appeals for the Sixth Circuit granted.
No. 266. Harold L. Ickes, Secretary of the Interior, petitioner, v.
Mazine Z. Fox et al.;
No. 267. Harold L. Ickes, Secretary of the Interior, petitioner, v.
Phillip Louis Parks et al.; and
97624-36-3

MONDAY, OCTOBER 12, 1936
12
No. 268. Harold L. Ickes, Secretary of the Interior, petitioner, v.
Jacob F. Ottmuller. Petition for writs of certiorari to the United
States Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia granted.
No. 280. George W. Taber, Treasurer of Payne County, Oklahoma,
petitioner, v. Indian Territory Illuminating Oil Company. Petition
for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of the State of Oklahoma
granted.
No. 305. Wayne United Gas Company, petitioner, v. Owens-
Illinois Glass Company et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Fourth Circuit
granted.
No. 309. S. P. Kelly, Trustee in Bankruptcy etc., petitioner, v.
The United States of America et al. Petition for writ of certiorari
to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit
granted.
No. 324. The Virginian Railway Company, petitioner, v. System
Federation No. 40, Railway Employees Department of the American
Federation of Labor, etc., et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to
the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Fourth Circuit
granted.
No. 325. Morley Construction Company et al., petitioners, v.
Maryland Casualty Company. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Eighth Circuit
granted.
No. 186. Guy T. Helvering, Commissioner of Internal Revenue,
petitioner, v. Albert Fried; and
No. 187. Guy T. Helvering, Commissioner of Internal Revenue,
petitioner, v. Benjamin Einhorn. Petitions for writs of certiorari to
the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit
granted and cases advanced and assigned for argument on Tuesday,
November 10 next, immediately following Nos. 24, 25, and 26.
No. 207. Guy T. Helvering, Commissioner of Internal Revenue,
petitioner, v. Tex-Penn Oil Company;
No. 208. Guy T. Helvering, Commissioner of Internal Revenue,
petitioner, v. M. L. Benedum; and
No. 209. Guy T. Helvering, Commissioner of Internal Revenue,
petitioner, v. F. B. Parriott. Petition for writs of certiorari to the
United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Third Circuit
granted. Mr. Justice Roberts took no part in the consideration and
decision of this application.
No. 221. James M. Landis et al., petitioners, v. The North Ameri-
can Company; and
No. 222. James M. Landis et al., petitioners, v. American Water
Works and Electric Company, Inc. Petition for writs of certiorari

MONDAY, OCTOBER 12, 1936
13
to the United States Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia
granted and the cases advanced and assigned for argument at the
head of the call on Monday, November 9 next.
No. 271. In the matter of 620 Church Street Building Corpora-
tion et al., petitioners. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United
States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Seventh Circuit granted and
the case advanced and assigned for argument immediately following
No. 48.
No. 106. J. M. Lee, as Comptroller of the State of Florida, peti-
tioner, v. The State of Florida, on relation of Thomas B. Adams,
etc., et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of
the State of Florida denied for the want of a final judgment.
No. 107. C. H. Simpson, as Tax Collector of Duval County, Florida,
petitioner, v. State of Florida, ex rel. Lane Drug Stores, Inc. Peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of the State of
Florida denied for the want of a final judgment.
No. 192. Hobart Iron Company, petitioner, v. Commissioner of
Internal Revenue. Leave to file brief of the State of Minnesota as
amicus curiae granted. The petition for writ of certiorari to the
United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Sixth Circuit is
denied. Mr. Justice Butler took no part in the consideration and
decision of this application.
No. 225. Continental Oil Company, petitioner, v. The United
States. The application for a writ of certiorari to the Court of
Claims is dismissed upon the ground that it is premature, without
prejudice to a renewal of the application after action by the Court
of Claims on the motion for amendment of the special findings. The
motion to defer consideration of the application for certiorari is
denied.
No. 274. G. Hilliard Ross, as Sole Acting Executor and Trustee,
etc., petitioner, v. Mayor and Council of the Borough of Edgewater
and the Borough of Edgewater. Leave to file brief of the State of
New Jersey as amicus curiae denied. The petition for writ of
certiorari to the Court of Errors and Appeals of the State of New
Jersey is denied.
No. 244. Mariano Cu Unjieng, petitioner, v. The People of the
Philippine Islands. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme
Court of the Philippine Islands denied. The motion as to the print-
ing of the record is also denied.
No. 352. Arla Marjorie Reid, petitioner, v. The United States of
America. On petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Circuit Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit. The motion for
leave to proceed further herein in forma pauperis is denied for the

MONDAY, OCTOBER 12, 1936
14
reason that the Court, upon examination of the papers herein sub-
mitted, finds that the application for writ of certiorari was not
made within the time provided by law. Act of February 13, 1925,
Section 8 (a) (43 Stat. 936, 940; 28 U. S. C. 350). The petition for
writ of certiorari is therefore also denied.
No. 1. Globe Knitting Works, petitioner, v. The Michigan Trust
Company, Trustee, etc. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United
States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Sixth Circuit denied.
No. 42. National Foods, Inc., petitioner, v. The United States.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Claims denied.
No. 45. David G. Gustason, petitioner, v. Board of Osteopathic
Examiners of the State of California et al. Petition for writ of
certiorari to the Supreme Court of the State of California denied.
No. 47. A. M. Marret, Administrator of the Estate of W. F. Wood-
ruff, deceased, et al., petitioners, v. The United States. Petition for
writ of certiorari to the Court of Claims denied.
No. 52. Interstate Trust & Banking Company et al., petitioners, v.
Standard Lumber Company et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to
the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit
denied.
No. 53. Doherty Research Company, petitioner, v. Vickers Petro-
leum Company. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Circuit Court of Appeals for the Tenth Circuit denied.
No. 56. Peerless Oil and Gas Company, petitioner, v. D. B. Heiner,
Collector of Internal Revenue, etc. Petition for writ of certiorari to
the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Third Circuit
denied.
No. 57. Toy National Bank of Sioux City, Iowa, petitioner, v. Van
W. Hammerstrom, as County Treasurer, etc., et al.
No. 58. Iowa Joint Stock Land Bank of Sioux City, Iowa, peti-
tioner, v. Van W. Hammerstrom, as County Treasurer, etc., et al.;
and
No. 59. Live Stock National Bank of Sioux City, Iowa, petitioner,
v. Van W. Hammerstrom, as County Treasurer, etc., et al. Petition
for writs of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals
for the Eighth Circuit denied.
No. 60. Anna Laura Barnett and Maxine Sturges, petitioners, v.
The United States of America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit
denied.
No. 61. H. Leonard Underhill, petitioner, v. Berthe M. Lent. Peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of
Appeals for the Second Circuit denied.

MONDAY, OCTOBER 12, 1936
15
No. 65. W. P. Sims, petitioner, v. H. Douglass, Trustee etc. Peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of
Appeals for the Ninth Circuit denied.
No. 66. Ida H. Giesy, Ida Church Giesy, Executrix, etc., et al.,
petitioners, v. The First National Bank of Portland, Oregon, et al.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of the State
of Oregon denied.
No. 67. Central Fibre Products Co. et al., petitioners, v. H. H.
Hardin et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Circuit Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 68. The Sauk River Lumber Company, petitioner, v. Northern
Pacific Railway Company. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit denied.
No. 69. Merinos Viesca y Compania, Inc., petitioner, v. Pan
American Petroleum & Transport Company et al. Petition for writ
of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the
Second Circuit denied.
No. 71. American Natural Gas Company, petitioner, v. The
United States. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Claims
denied.
No. 72. Rubye York, as Administratrix of the Estate of Leamon
York, deceased, petitioner, v. The Baltimore and Ohio Railroad
Company. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals,
1st Appellate District, State of Ohio, denied.
No. 73. D. & M. Machine Works, Frank Dalton, et al., petitioners,
v. Texas Rubber & Specialty Corporation et al. Petition for writ
of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the
Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 75. Edward P. Mertz, petitioner, v. Andrew W. Mellon et al.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the District of Columbia denied.
No. 76. The Equitable Life Assurance Society of the United States,
petitioner, v. Iva A. Day. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Tenth Circuit denied.
No. 78. F. W. Wade, Administrator of the Estate of T. J. Wade,
deceased, petitioner, v. Mrs. Pink Wade, Executrix, etc. Petition
for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of the State of Arkansas
denied.
No. 80. Central Illinois Electric and Gas Company, petitioner, v.
Manufacturers Finance Company et al., etc. Petition for writ of
certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the
Seventh Circuit denied.

MONDAY, OCTOBER 12, 1936
16
No. 81. H. F. Moodey, petitioner, v. The Dale Consolidated Mines,
a corporation. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States.
Circuit Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit denied.
No. 82. Standard Dredging Company, Claimant, petitioner, v.
A. L. Kibadeaux. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Circuit Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 83. Harry A. Ballf, petitioner, v. Harry T. Kranz, District
Manager, Twelfth United States Civil Service District, etc. Peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of Ap-
peals for the Ninth Circuit denied.
No. 84. Maryland Casualty Company, petitioner, v. First Na-
tional Bank of Atlanta, Texas. Petition for writ of certiorari to
the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit
denied.
No. 85. L. W. Baldwin and Guy A. Thompson, Trustees, etc.,
petitioners, v. Ruth Huffman, Administratrix of the estate of Albert
Huffman, deceased. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United
States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Eighth Circuit denied.
No. 86. Henrietta M. Montague, petitioner, v. The New York
Central Railroad Company et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to
the Supreme Court of the State of Ohio denied.
No. 87. L. W. Baldwin and Guy A. Thompson, as Trustee, etc.,
petitioners, v. Christine Nelson, as Administratrix of the estate of
E. E. Nelson, deceased. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Eighth Circuit
denied.
No. 88. R. H. McNeill and Cora B. McNeill, petitioners, v. A. A.
Lilly. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of
Appeals for the District of Columbia denied.
No. 90. Bibb Manufacturing Company, petitioner, v. J. T. Rose,
Collector of Internal Revenue, etc. Petition for writ of certiorari
to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit
denied.
No. 91. E. R. Rood, petitioner, v. J. R. Goodman, Postmaster, etc.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of
Appeals for the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 92. Eugenia I. Henderson and husband, Robert L. Henderson,
petitioners, v. Lily James Kellahin et al. Petition for writ of cer-
tiorari to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Fifth
Circuit denied.
No. 93. The Aleograph Company, petitioner, v. Electrical Research
Products, Inc., et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United
States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit denied.

MONDAY, OCTOBER 12, 1936
17
No. 95. Eastern or Emigrant Cherokees, petitioners, v. The United
States. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Claims denied.
No. 96. Eastern or Emigrant Cherokees et al., petitioners, v. The
United States. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Claims
denied.
No. 99. Alaska Steamship Company et al., petitioners, v. Walter
Rooker. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of the
State of Washington denied.
No. 101. Adolph Weil, petitioner, v. Commissioner of Internal
Revenue. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Cir-
cuit Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 102. David Rumsey, petitioner, v. Commissioner of Internal
Revenue. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Cir-
cuit Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit denied.
No. 110. The Chase National Bank of New York, Ancillary Admin-
istrator, etc., petitioner, v. Commissioner of Internal Revenue. Peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of
Appeals for the Second Circuit denied.
No. 111. Ira M. Petersime & Son, petitioner, v. John L. Robbins.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of
Appeals for the Tenth Circuit denied.
No. 112. C. Dale Wolfe, petitioner, v. The Texas Company. Peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of Ap-
peals for the Tenth Circuit denied.
No. 136. C. Dale Wolfe, petitioner, v. Shell Petroleum Corpora-
tion. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit
Court of Appeals for the Tenth Circuit denied.
No. 113. California Iron Yards Corporation, petitioner, v. Com-
missioner of Internal Revenue. Petition for writ of certiorari to
the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit
denied.
No. 114. Stewart-Warner Corporation, petitioner, v. Jiffy Lubri-
cator Company. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Circuit Court of Appeals for the Eighth Circuit denied.
No. 115. James H. Adamson, petitioner, v. Percy Adamson and
Thomas Adamson. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United
States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit denied.
No. 117. Centrifugal Engineering and Patents Corporation, peti-
tioner, v. The Black-Clawson Company. Petition for writ of certi-
orari to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Sixth
Circuit denied.
No. 118. Federal Crude Oil Company et al., petitioners, v. Yount-
Lee Oil Company et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court

MONDAY, OCTOBER 12, 1936
18
of Civil Appeals, 9th Supreme Judicial District, State of Texas,
denied.
No. 119. M. W. Savage Factories, Incorporated, Debtor, et al.,
petitioners, v. Hennepin County, Minnesota, et al. Petition for
writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for
the Eighth Circuit denied.
No. 120. Phoenix Joint Stock Land Bank of Kansas City, peti-
tioner, v. Harry M. Hotsenpiller; and
No. 121. Phoenix Joint Stock Land Bank of Kansas City, peti-
tioner, v. Harry M. Hotsenpiller. Petition for writs of certiorari
to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Eighth Cir-
cuit denied.
No. 122. A. B. C. Fireproof Warehouse Company, petitioner, v.
The Atchison, Topeka, and Santa Fe Railway Company. Petition
for writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals
for the Eighth Circuit denied.
No. 124. Remco Steamship Company and Caspar Lumber Com-
pany, petitioners, v. Commissioner of Internal Revenue. Petition
for writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals
for the Ninth Circuit denied.
No. 126. The Marion Steam Shovel Company, petitioner, v.
William Bertino et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United
States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Eighth Circuit denied.
No. 127. Damen and Jarvis Building Corporation, petitioner, v.
Mechanics' Insurance Company. Petition for writ of certiorari to
the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Seventh Circuit
denied.
No. 128. The Miami Beach Jockey Club, Inc., petitioner, v. George
H. Dern, as Secretary of War. Petition for writ of certiorari to
the United States Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia
denied.
No. 131. W. A. Denson, Annie Love Dowdell Denson et al., peti-
tioners, v. Provident Mutual Life Insurance Company of Phila-
delphia. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of the
State of Alabama denied.
No. 132. Charles W. Darling, petitioner, v. American Gas and
Power Company et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United
States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Third Circuit denied.
No. 133. Alex Mohr, petitioner, v. Great Lakes Transit Corpora-
tion. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit
Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit denied.
No. 135. Robert Hofeller, Trading as Bob Hofeller Candy Com-
pany, petitioner, v. Federal Trade Commission. Petition for writ

MONDAY, OCTOBER 12, 1936
19
of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the
Seventh Circuit denied.
No. 137. Ojus Mining Company, petitioner, v. Manufacturers
Trust Company et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United
States Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit denied.
No. 140. Fidelity-Phoenix Fire Insurance Company of New York
et al., petitioners, v. John G. Murphy. Petition for writ of certio-
rari to the Supreme Court of the State of Alabama denied.
No. 141. Charles J. Hoeppel and John H. Hoeppel, petitioners, v.
The United States of America. Petition for writ of certiorari to
the United States Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia
denied.
No. 142. James V. Martin, petitioner, v. Conway P. Coe, Commis-
sioner of Patents. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United
States Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia denied.
No. 144. Albert J. Zager, petitioner, v. The United States of
America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit
Court of Appeals for the Fourth Circuit denied.
No. 145. Federal Life Insurance Company, petitioner, v. Katarina
Zebec. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit
Court of Appeals for the Seventh Circuit denied.
No. 147. Chicago, Milwaukee, St. Paul and Pacific Railroad Com-
pany, petitioner, v. Paul Schiefelbein, Special Administrator etc.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of the State
of Wisconsin denied.
No. 148. J. B. Morris, as Trustee in Bankruptcy of Frye Lettuce
Farm, Inc., petitioner, v. Orcas Lime Co. Petition for writ of certio-
rari to the Supreme Court of the State of Washington denied.
No. 152. Jack J. Berry, petitioner, v. Hosey M. Harrell. Petition
for writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals
for the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 153. The Bradley Lumber Company of Arkansas et al., peti-
tioners, v. National Labor Relations Board et al. Petition for writ
of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the
Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 154. The Harriman National Bank and Trust Company of the
City of New York et al., petitioners, v. Julia M. Gimbel and Louis S.
Gimbel, Jr., etc. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Circuit Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit denied.
No. 156. The New York, New Haven and Hartford Railroad Com-
pany, petitioner, v. Gertrude E. Gelbin, as Administratrix, etc. Peti-
97624-36-
4

MONDAY, OCTOBER 12, 1936
20
tion for writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of Ap-
peals for the Second Circuit denied.
No. 158. Daniel Needham, Receiver, petitioner, v. Arthur F. Bick-
ford, Receiver. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Circuit Court of Appeals for the First Circuit denied.
No. 159. Leonard Weisman, petitioner, v. The United States of
America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Cir-
cuit Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit denied.
No. 160. Fluid Packed Pump Company and Joseph G. Richardson,
petitioners, v. El Dorado Foundry Machine & Supply Company.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of
Appeals for the Eighth Circuit denied.
No. 164. Metropolitan Life Insurance Company, petitioner, v.
L. N. Day, Trustee, etc. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Dis-
trice Court of Appeal, 1st Appellate District, State of California,
denied.
No. 166. W. P. Weber, petitioner, v. The Texas Company. Peti-
tition for writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of
Appeals for the Fifth Circuit denied..
No. 169. The Capital Endowment Company, petitioner, v. State of
Ohio, ex rel. Paul A. Warner, Superintendent, etc., et al. Petition
for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of the State of Ohio
denied.
No. 170. Samuel Mintz, petitioner, v. Hornblower & Weeks, a co-
partnership. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Circuit Court of Appeals for the Sixth Circuit denied.
No. 173. Kishan Singh, petitioner, v. District Director of Immigra-
tion. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit
Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit denied.
No. 177. Edward Brower, petitioner, v. The United States of
America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Cir-
cuit Court of Appeals for the Sixth Circuit denied.
No. 179. The United States, on relation of Sierra Land and Water
Company, petitioner, v. Harold L. Ickes, as Secretary of the Interior.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the District of Columbia denied.
No. 181. National Lock Co., petitioner, v. Myer N. Rosengard.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of
Appeals for the Seventh Circuit denied.
No. 182. F. A Pease, petitioner, v. Commissioner of Internal Reve-
nue. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit
Court of Appeals for the Sixth Circuit denied.

MONDAY, OCTOBER 12, 1936
21
No. 183. William S. Hicks, petitioner, v. Mutual Life Insurance
Company of New York. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United
States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Fourth Circuit denied.
No. 184. Auditorium Conditioning Corporation, petitioner, v.
Warner Brothers Pictures, Inc., and Warner Brothers Theatres, Inc.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of
Appeals for the Second Circuit denied.
No. 185. The United States of America, petitioner, v. National City
Bank of New York. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United
States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit denied.
No. 188. Bronx County Trust Company, as Successor to Fordham
National Bank in New York, petitioner, v. A. Bruce Bielaski and
Keyes Winter, as Surviving Trustees, etc. Petition for writ of cer-
tiorari to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Second
Circuit denied.
No. 189. Citizens National Bank of Meridian et al., petitioners, v.
Robert Golden. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court
of the State of Mississippi denied.
No. 190. Citizens National Bank of Meridian et al., petitioners, v.
Lamar Pigford. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court
of the State of Mississippi denied.
No. 191. Citizens National Bank of Meridian et al., petitioners, v.
Miss Lula Belle Allen. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Su-
preme Court of the State of Mississippi denied.
No. 259. Citizens National Bank of Meridian et al., petitioners, v.
Mrs. Sylvia G. Bullard. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
Supreme Court of the State of Mississippi denied.
No. 194. Gold and Stock Telegraph Company, petitioner, v. Com-
missioner of Internal Revenue. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit
denied.
No. 195. Pacific and Atlantic Telegraph Company, petitioner, v.
Commissioner of Internal Revenue. Petition for writ of certiorari
to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit
denied.
No. 196. Northwestern Telegraph Company, petitioner, v. The
United States of America; and
No. 197. Northwestern Telegraph Company, petitioner, v. The
United States of America. Petition for writs of certiorari to the
United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit
denied.

MONDAY, OCTOBER 12, 1936
22
No. 198. Samuel Newhoff, petitioner, v. The United States of
America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Cir-
cuit Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit denied.
No. 199. Potomac Electric Power Company, petitioner, v. The
United States of America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
United States Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia denied.
No. 200. Mutual Building and Loan Association et al., petition-
ers, v. John O. King and Helene W. King. Petition for writ of
certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the
Ninth Circuit denied.
No. 201. J. H. Cottman & Company, petitioner, v. The United
States. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of
Customs and Patent Appeals denied.
No. 202. The Travelers Indemnity Company, petitioner, v. Com-
missioner of Internal Revenue;
No. 203. The Travelers Indemnity Company, petitioner, v. Com-
missioner of Internal Revenue;
No. 204. The Travelers Fire Insurance Company, petitioner, v.
Commissioner of Internal Revenue;
No. 205. The Travelers Indemnity Company, petitioner, v. Com-
missioner of Internal Revenue; and
No. 206. The Travelers Fire Insurance Company, petitioner, v.
Commissioner of Internal Revenue. Petition for writs of certiorari
to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit
denied.
No. 210. Martin Engebretson, Trustee, etc., petitioner, v. John T.
Marcell et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Circuit Court of Appeals for the Eighth Circuit denied.
No. 213. Maryland and Virginia Milk Producers Association, Inc.,
petitioner, v. Melvin C. Hazen, George E. Allen, et al. Petition for
writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the
District of Columbia denied.
No. 215. Ray L. Riley, Controller of the State of California, et al.,
petitioners, v. Worcester County Trust Company, Executor. Peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of
Appeals for the First Circuit denied.
No. 219. Bertie Dattel, petitioner, v. Jefferson Standard Life In-
surance Company and Julian Price, Trustee. Petition for writ of
certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the
Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 220. The Oliver Typewritter Co., petitioner, v. The United
States. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Claims denied.

MONDAY, OCTOBER 12, 1936
23
No. 223. Massachusetts Bonding and Insurance Company, peti-
tioner, v. Henry Anderegg, Henry Nageli, et al. Petition for writ
of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the
Ninth Circuit denied.
No. 229. Saltz Brothers, Incorporated, et al., petitioners, v. Lewis
Saltz and S. Thomas Saltz. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
United States Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia denied.
No. 230. Guy D. Brookins, petitioner, v. The Ohio Bell Telephone
Company. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of
the State of Ohio denied.
No. 231. Security Trust Company, Trustee, et al., petitioners, v.
R. L. Baker, Auval Baker, et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to
the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Sixth Circuit
denied.
No. 232. Stacy G. Carkhuff, petitioner, v. Commissioner of Inter-
nal Revenue. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Circuit Court of Appeals for the Sixth Circuit denied.
No. 233. Edward J. McNamara, petitioner, v. State of New Jersey.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Errors and Appeals
of the State of New Jersey denied.
No. 234. J. W. Crew, Sr., and J. Winfield Crew, Jr., petitioners,
v. Simmons Company et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Fourth Circuit
denied.
No. 236. Massman Construction Company, petitioner, v. Thomas
Nelson. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Kansas City Court of
Appeals, State of Missouri, denied.
No. 237. Western Wheeled Scraper Company, petitioner, v. The
United States. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Claims
denied.
No. 238. Columbia Casualty Company, petitioner, v. Industrial
Accident Commission et al., etc. Petition for writ of certiorari to
the Supreme Court of the State of California denied.
No. 239. Columbia Casualty Company, petitioner, v. Industrial
Accident Commission et al., etc. Petition for writ of certiorari to
the Supreme Court of the State of California denied.
No. 240. Columbia Casualty Company, petitioner, v. Industrial
Accident Commission et al., etc. Petition for writ of certiorari to
the Supreme Court of the State of California denied.
No. 242. Erie Railroad Company, petitioner, v. Martin Leuthe.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court
of Appeals for the Second Circuit denied.

MONDAY, OCTOBER 12, 1936
24
No. 245. The United States of America, on the relation of Lillian
H. Rhodes, petitioner, v. Guy T. Helvering, Commissioner of In-
ternal Revenue, et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United
States Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia denied.
No. 246. Harry Wardman, petitioner, v. Arthur E. Leopold and
Milton Rindler, Trading as Leopold & Rindler. Petition for writ
of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the District
of Columbia denied.
No. 248. The Columbian National Life Insurance Company, peti-
tioner, v. Mary R. Comfort. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
United States Court of Appeals for the Eighth Circuit denied.
No. 250. Manila Gas Corporation, petitioner, v. The Collector of
Internal Revenue. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme
Court of the Philippine Islands denied.
No. 251. Maryland Casualty Company et al., petitioners, v. Irving
Trust Company, as Trustee in Bankruptcy of Empire Bond & Mort-
gage Corporation. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United
States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit denied.
No. 258. The United States, petitioner, v. Frank H. Gage, Surviv-
ing Partner of Rousmaniere, Williams & Co. Petition for writ of
certiorari to the Court of Claims denied.
No. 261. James Magurno, petitioner, v. John J. O'Neil, Trustee in
Bankruptcy of Steinreich Associates, Inc. Petition for writ of cer-
tiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit
denied.
No. 262. Himelhoch Brothers and Company, petitioner, v. Com-
missioner of Internal Revenue. Petition for writ of certiorari to
the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Sixth Circuit
denied.
No. 263. Archie M. Andrews, petitioner, v. J. Walter Drake and
Hupp Motor Company. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United
States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Sixth Circuit denied.
No. 264. The Pennsylvania Railroad Company et al., petitioners,
v. The Pittsburgh, Lisbon & Western Railroad Company et al. Pe-
tition for writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of
Appeals for the Sixth Circuit denied.
No. 269. Mary B. Lavely et al., petitioners, v. Young Women's
Christian Association of Pittsburgh et al. Petition for writ of cer-
tiorari to the Supreme Court of the State of Pennsylvania denied.
No. 270. Silvestro Carolla and Sam Alonzo, petitioners, v. The
United States of America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit denied.

MONDAY, OCTOBER 12, 1936
25
No. 272. The Reeves Brothers Company, petitioner, v. The United
States of America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United
States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Sixth Circuit denied.
No. 273. Sarah P. Suisman, petitioner, v. The Hartford-Connecti-
cut Trust Co., as Executor. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit
denied.
No. 275. Knox-Powell-Stockton Co., Inc., Ltd., Bankrupt, and
V. W. Erickson, Trustee, petitioners, v. The United States of Amer-
ica. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit
Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit denied.
No. 281. Blue Ridge Oil Company, Ltd., L. F. Copeland, Receiver
in Equity, petitioners, v. Nat Rogan, United States Collector of In-
ternal Revenue etc. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United
States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit denied.
No. 276. James B. Johnson, petitioner, v. The United States of
America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Cir-
cuit Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 278. Van Tassel Real Estate and Live Stock Company, peti-
tioner, v. The City of Cheyenne, a Municipal Corporation, et al.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of the State
of Wyoming denied.
No. 279. Gulf, Mobile and Northern Railroad Company, petitioner,
v. Commissioner of Internal Revenue. Petition for writ of cer-
tiorari to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Fifth
Circuit denied.
No. 283. The Fourth National Bank in Wichita, Kansas, Executor
etc., petitioner, v. The United States of America. Petition for writ
of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the
Tenth Circuit denied.
No. 284. Willoughby H. Stuart, Jr., petitioner, v. Commissioner
of Internal Revenue. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United
States Circuit Court of Appeals for the First Circuit denied.
No. 286. A. F. Anderson Estate, Inc., et al., petitioners, v. H. A.
Payne, County Auditor of the County of Los Angeles, et al. Peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the District Court of Appeals, 2nd
Appellate District, State of California, denied.
No. 287. Preble Corporation, petitioner, v. Carroll H. Wentworth
et al., etc. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Cir-
cuit Court of Appeals for the First Circuit denied.
No. 288. State of Ohio, on the relation of Thomas T. Lewis, a
Taxpayer, etc., petitioner, v. Joel V. Zupnik, Andrew J. Hagan, et al.,

MONDAY, OCTOBER 12, 1936
26
etc. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of the
State of Ohio denied.
No. 291. The United States of America, on the relation of Ollie V.
Kessler and Ollie V. Kessler, petitioners, v. Mercur Corporation et al.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of
Appeals for the Second Circuit denied.
No. 292. John L. Armstrong, as Executor, etc., petitioner, v. Cor-
poration Counsel of the City of New York. Petition for writ of
certiorari to the Supreme Court of the State of New York denied.
No. 294. Sam Schweitzer, petitioner, v. The United States of
America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Cir-
cuit Court of Appeals for the Seventh Circuit denied.
No. 296. Gertrude Vanderbilt Whitney et al., petitioners, v. The
United States. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Claims
denied.
No. 297. Boise Payette Lumber Company, petitioner, v. Idaho
Gold Dredging Corporation. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
Supreme Court of the State of Idaho denied.
No. 301. Roberts Brining & Co., Ltd., et al., petitioners, v. Steam-
ship "Floridian", her engines, etc., et al. Petition for writ of cer-
tiorari to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Second
Circuit denied.
No. 303. Bruno V. Bitker, Individual Trustee, petitioner, v. Hotel
Duluth Company, debtor; and
No. 304. Bruno V. Bitker, Individual Trustee, petitioner, v. Hotel
Duluth Company, debtor. Petition for writs of certiorari to the
United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Eighth Circuit
denied.
No. 306. Genevieve Hernig, petitioner, v. Robert K. Bell and
Oswald M. Grotty, Receivers for Quaker City Motor Coach Lines,
Inc., et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Cir-
cuit Court of Appeals for the Third Circuit denied.
No. 308. A. D. Saenger, Inc., petitioner, v. Commissioner of Inter-
nal Revenue. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Circuit Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 310. Hammond Lumber Company, petitioner, v. Ralph Comp-
ton. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of the
State of Oregon denied.
No. 311. Edmund S. Twining, petitioner, v. Commissioner of
Internal Revenue. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United
States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit denied.

MONDAY, OCTOBER 12, 1936
27
No. 313. The Lincoln National Life Insurance Company, peti-
tioner, v. Harriet O. Means. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
Court of Appeals of the Commonwealth of Kentucky denied.
No. 314. George Vawter, petitioner, v. Commissioner of Internal
Revenue. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit
Court of Appeals for the Tenth Circuit denied.
No. 315. Alexander Mirkowicz, petitioner, v. Reading Company.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of
Appeals for the Third Circuit denied.
No. 317. Lionel R. Barbour, petitioner, v. William George et al.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of
Appeals for the Seventh Circuit denied.
No. 318. Zurich General Accident & Liability Insurance Company,
Limited, petitioner, v. Manuel Luiz Martin. Petition for writ of cer-
tiorari to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the First
Circuit denied.
No. 326. London & Provincial Marine & General Insurance Com-
pany, Ltd., petitioner, v. Kentucky Macaroni Company; and
No. 327. Royal Insurance Company, Ltd., petitioner, v. Kentucky
Macaroni Company. Petition for writs of certiorari to the United
States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Sixth Circuit denied.
No. 333. Frederick S. Deitrick, Receiver of Federal National Bank
of Boston, petitioner, v. Samuel L. Bailen. Petition for writ of
certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the First
Circuit denied.
No., original, October Term, 1935. State of Arizona, complain-
ant, v. State of California et al.;
No. 663, October Term, 1935. Wheeling Steel Corporation, appel-
lant, v. Fred L. Fox, Tax Commissioner, etc., et al.;
No. 772, October Term, 1935. Howard Morf, doing business under
the firm name and style of Pacific Wholesale Automobile Company,
appellant, v. John D. Bingaman, Commissioner, etc.;
No. 898, October Term, 1935. United States Fidelity and Guaranty
Company, appellant, v. John D. Bingaman, Commissioner, etc.;
No. 838, October Term, 1935. Frederick L. Morehead, Warden, etc.,
petitioner, v. People ex rel. Joseph Tipaldo;
No. 859, October Term, 1935. C. L. Ashton et al., petitioners, v.
Cameron County Water Improvement District No. 1;
No. 977, October Term, 1935. Silk Center Building, Inc., peti-
tioner, v. Commissioner of Internal Revenue;
No. 991, October Term, 1935. E. M. Piper et al., appellants, v. John
D. Bingaman, Commissioner, etc.;
97624-36- -5

MONDAY, OCTOBER 12, 1936
28
No. 1004, October Term, 1935. Cyrus W. Beale et al., petitioners,
v. Thomas B. Snead, Esquire, Referee, etc.;
No. 1043, October Term, 1935. Gavin W. Craig, petitioner, v. The
United States of America;
No. 1044, October Term, 1935. Joseph Weinblatt, petitioner, v.
The United States of America;
No. 1046, October Term, 1935. J. V. Lane & Co., Inc., petitioner,
v. M. S. "Californian";
No. 1049, October Term, 1935. Charles Mozingo, appellant, v.
Marion Steam Shovel Company; and
No. 1051, October Term, 1935. Grace DeBenque, petitioner, v. The
United States of America. Petitions for rehearing denied.
No. 379. John Pelkes and Evelyn H. Treinies, petitioners, v.
Katherine Mason and T. R. Mason, her husband. Motion for an
order designating parts of the record to be printed submitted by Mr.
Webster Ballinger for the petitioner in support of the motion and
by Mr. John P. Gray for the respondents in opposition thereto.
No. 3. State of Missouri, Creditor, petitioner, v. John T. Ross,
Trustee, et al. Submitted by Mr. Gilbert Lamb for the petitioner,
and by Mr. Edgar H. Wayman for the respondent.
No. 51. Hyman Wainer, Louis Wainer, et al., petitioners, v. The
United States of America. Argued by Mr. John E. Dougherty for
the petitioner, and by Mr. Gordon Dean for the respondent.
No. 2. Jean Bourdieu, petitioner, v. Pacific Western Oil Company
et al. Argued by Mr. Archibald B. Dorman for the petitioner, and
by Mr. Herbert W. Clark for the respondents.
No. 4. Frank M. McKey, Trustee in Bankruptcy, petitioner, v.
Maurice Paradise, as trustee; and
No. 5. Frank M. McKey, Trustee in Bankruptcy, petitioner, v.
Maurice Paradise, as trustee. Argued by Mr. Wm. E. Leahy for the
petitioner, and by Mr. Stanford Clinton for the respondent.
No. 6. Lewis J. Valentine, Police Commissioner of the City of New
York, et al., etc., petitioners, v. The United States of America on the
relation of B. Coles Neidecker;
No. 7. Lewis J. Valentine, Police Commissioner of the City of New
York, et al., etc., petitioners, v. The United States of America on the
relation of George W. Neidecker; and

MONDAY, OCTOBER 12, 1936
29
No. 8. Lewis J. Valentine, Police Commissioner of the City of New
York, et al., etc., petitioner, v. The United States of America on the
relation of Aubrey Neidecker. Argument commenced by Mr. Porter
R. Chandler for the petitioners.
Adjourned until tomorrow at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Tuesday, October 13, will be as follows: Nos. 6
(7 and 8), 9, 10, 11, 12, 13 (14 and 15), 17 18, 19, and 21.

TUESDAY, OCTOBER 13, 1936
30
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: The Chief Justice, Mr. Justice Van Devanter, Mr. Justice
McReynolds, Mr. Justice Brandeis, Mr. Justice Sutherland, Mr.
Justice Butler, Mr. Justice Stone, Mr. Justice Roberts, and Mr.
Justice Cardozo.
Thurman W. Arnold, of Laramie, Wyo.; Roy F. Shields, of Port-
land, Oreg.; Andrew B. Gunderson, of Vermillion, S. Dak.; Everett
H. Wells, of Detroit, Mich.; John Connolly, Jr., of Des Moines,
Iowa; C. G. A. Wilmer, of Middletown, Ohio; Cornelius M. Feeley,
of Dallas, Tex.; Mark F. Mathewson, of Seattle, Wash.; Benjamin
B. Smith, of St. Louis, Mo.; Harker H. Hittson, of Columbus, Ohio;
Clyde S. DeMint, of West Union, Ohio; and Earl Edwin Howard, of
Los Angeles, Calif., were admitted to practice.
No. 6. Lewis J. Valentine, Police Commissioner of the City of New
York, et al., etc., petitioners, v. The United States of America, on the
relation of B. Coles Neidecker;
No. 7. Lewis J. Valentine, Police Commissioner of the City of New
York, et al., etc., petitioners, v. The United States of America, on
the relation of George W. Neidecker; and
No. 8. Lewis J. Valentine, Police Commissioner of the City of New
York, et al., etc., petitioners, v. The United States of America, on
the relation of Aubrey Neidecker. Argument continued by Mr.
Porter R. Chandler for the petitioners and concluded by Mr. Fred-
eric R. Coudert, Jr., for the respondents.
No. 9. P. J. Carlin Construction Co. et al., petitioners, v. Edward
Heaney et al. Argued by Mr. E. C. Sherwood for the petitioners
and by Mr. Henry Epstein for the respondents.
No. 10. Joseph H. Barwise et al., appellants, v. George H. Shep-
pard, as Comptroller, et al. Argued by Mr. Wm. R. Watkins for
the appellants and by Mr. Wm. McCraw for the appellees.
No. 11. L. P. Chisholm et al., petitioners, v. W. B. Gilmer, Receiver,
etc. Argued by Mr. Minitree J. Fulton for the petitioners and by
Mr. George Gilmer for the respondent.
No. 12. Pick Manufacturing Company, petitioner, v. General Mo-
tors Corporation et al. Argument commenced by Mr. Carl B. Rix
for the petitioner.
Adjourned until tomorrow at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Wednesday, October 14, will be as follows: Nos.
12, 13 (14 and 15), 17, 18, 19, 21, 20, 23, 27, and 29.
97624-36- -6
☑

WEDNESDAY, OCTOBER 14, 1936
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
31
Present: The Chief Justice, Mr. Justice Van Devanter, Mr. Justice
McReynolds, Mr. Justice Brandeis, Mr. Justice Sutherland, Mr.
Justice Butler, Mr. Justice Roberts, and Mr. Justice Cardozo.
Albert Ritchie, of New Rochelle, N. Y.; Franz W. Castle, of Chi-
cago, Ill.; Howard R. Brintlinger, of Chicago, Ill.; Joseph J. Witry,
of Chicago, Ill.; James Warren Wright, of Washington, D. C.; and
Edward A. Simmons, of Chicago, Ill., were admitted to practice.
No. 20. Great Northern Railway Company, appellant, v. State of
Washington. Submitted by Mr. F. G. Dorety, Mr. Thomas Balmer,
and Mr. Edwin C. Mathias for the appellant; and by Mr. Geo. G.
Hannan for the appellee.
No. 12. Pick Manufacturing Company, petitioner, v. General
Motors Corporation et al. Argument continued by Mr. Carl B. Rix
for the petitioner, and concluded by Mr. John M. Zane for the
respondents.
No. 13. John K. Valentine, as Chairman, etc., et al., appellants, v.
The Great Atlantic & Pacific Tea Company et al.;
No. 14. John K. Valentine, as Chairman, etc., et al., appellants, v.
Graham Department Stores Company et al.; and
No. 15. John K. Valentine, as Chairman, etc., et al., appellants, v.
Walgreen Co. et al. Argument commenced by Mr. Frank F. Messer
for the appellants; continued by Mr. Edward L. O'Connor for the
appellants; by Mr. J. G. Gamble for the appellees; and concluded
by Mr. Frank F. Messer for the appellants.
No. 17. Mechanics Universal Joint Company and Grace Ekstrom,
Administratrix, etc., petitioners, v. A. B. Culhane, Receiver, etc.
Argument commenced by Mr. S. R. Kenworthy for the petitioners.
Adjourned until tomorrow at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Thursday, October 15, will be as follows: Nos.
17, 18, 19, 21, 23, 27, 29, 22, 30, and 33.
97624-36-7
Х

THURSDAY, OCTOBER 15, 1936
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
32
Present: The Chief Justice, Mr. Justice Van Devanter, Mr. Justice
McReynolds, Mr. Justice Brandeis, Mr. Justice Sutherland, Mr.
Justice Butler, Mr. Justice Roberts, and Mr. Justice Cardozo.
Felix A. Russell, of Washington, D. C.; Isadore D. Friedman, of
Detroit, Mich.; Richard J. Cowling, of New York City; E. C. Pyle,
of Los Angeles, Calif.; and Todd W. Johnson, of Los Angeles, Calif.,
were admitted to practice.
No. 17. Mechanics Universal Joint Company and Grace Ekstrom,
Administratrix, etc., petitioners, v. A. B. Culhane, Receiver, etc.
Argument continued by Mr. S. R. Kenworthy for the petitioners; by
Mr. Roy F. Hall and Mr. George P. Barse for the respondent; and
concluded by Mr. S. R. Kenworthy for the petitioners.
No. 18. M. J. Pufahl, as Receiver of the Austin National Bank
of Chicago, petitioner, v. Estate of Elvira J. Parks, deceased. Argu-
ment commenced by Mr. George P. Barse for the petitioner; con-
tinued by Mr. Franz W. Castle for the respondent; and concluded
by Mr. George P. Barse for the petitioner.
No. 19. Baxter N. Foust, Administrator, etc., petitioner, v. Munson
Steamship Lines, Debtor, etc. Argued by Mr. Simone N. Bazan for
the petitioner and by Mr. Arthur M. Boal for the respondent.
No. 21. Essex Razor Blade Corporation, petitioner, v. Gillette
Safety Razor Company. Argument commenced by Mr. Geo. E.
Middleton for the petitioner.
Adjourned until tomorrow at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Friday, October 16, will be as follows: Nos. 21,
23, 27, 29, 22, 30, 33, 16, 34, and 35 (and 36).
97624-36-8

FRIDAY, OCTOBER 16, 1936
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
33
Present: The Chief Justice, Mr. Justice Van Devanter, Mr. Justice
McReynolds, Mr. Justice Brandeis, Mr. Justice Sutherland, Mr.
Justice Butler, Mr. Justice Roberts, and Mr. Justice Cardozo.
Charles M. Palmer, of New York City; Edward W. Merkel, of
Cincinnati, Ohio; Emery Robinson, of Washington, D. C.; Andrew
Donald Kane, of Washington, D. C.; W. H. Brunner, of Ukiah, Calif.;
James W. Williams, of Jackson, Mich.; Benjamin V. Cohen, of New
York City; Thomas Gardiner Corcoran, of New York City; Edward
H. Foley, of New York City; Sanford M. Graham, of Meridian,
Miss.; Walter L. Bowers, of Los Angeles, Calif.; William M. Klein,
of Chicago, Ill.; and Samuel Kraus, of Chicago, Ill., were admitted
to practice.
No. 21. Essex Razor Blade Corporation, petitioner, v. Gillette
Safety Razor Company. Argument continued by Mr. George E.
Middleton for the petitioner; by Mr. Henry R. Ashton for the re-
spondent; and concluded by Mr. George E. Middleton for the
petitioner.
No. 23. William Fox, petitioner, v. Capital Company, a California
Corporation. Argued by Mr. Benjamin Reass for the petitioner and
by Mr. William D. Whitney for the respondent.
No. 27. Guy T. Helvering, Commissioner of Internal Revenue,
petitioner, v. Illinois Life Insurance Company. Argued by Mr.
Thurman W. Arnold for the petitioner and by Mr. Samuel B. Kraus
for the respondent.
Adjourned until Monday next at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Monday, October 19, will be as follows: Nos. 29,
22, 30, 33, 16, 34, 35 (and 36), 31, 40, and 41.
97624-36- -9

MONDAY, OCTOBER 19, 1936
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
34
Present: The Chief Justice, Mr. Justice Van Devanter, Mr. Justice
Brandeis, Mr. Justice McReynolds, Mr. Justice Sutherland, Mr.
Justice Butler, Mr. Justice Roberts, and Mr. Justice Cardozo.
Harry Berman, of New York City; Clare Martin Vrooman, of
Cleveland, Ohio; Guy H. Woodward, of Tulsa, Okla.; Charles Lieb-
man, of Chicago, Ill.; Bernard Yedor, of Chicago, Ill.; James J. May-
field, of Tuscaloosa, Ala,; Robert P. Levis, of New York City; H. A.
Wolff, of New York City: H. Lee Boatwright, Jr., of Washington,
D. C.; Dudley W. Orr, of Concord, N. H.; Wm. Livingston Brown-
ing, of Washington, D. C.; John P. Matsen, of Newton Centre, Mass.;
Franklin R. Wright, of Cleveland, Ohio; George M. Rassieur, of St.
Louis, Mo.; W. Hugh Williams, of Wyandotte, Mich.; Lester B.
Clark, of Houston, Tex.; and Frederick A. Ballard, of Washington,
D. C., were admitted to practice.
The Chief Justice announced the following orders of the Court:
No. 384. S. H. Kress & Company, F. W. Woolworth Company,
et al., appellants, v. Ed. C. Johnson, as Governor of the State of Colo-
rado. Appeal from the District Court of the United States for the
District of Colorado. Per curiam: The motion of the appellees to
affirm the decree is granted. Powell v. Pennsylvania, 127 U. S. 678,
685, 686; Price v. Illinois, 238 U. S. 446, 451, 452; Standard Oil Co. v.
Marysville, 279 U. S. 582, 584; Nebbia v. New York, 291 U. S. 502,
537, 538.
No. 403. Gladstone Jones, appellant, v. The State of Louisiana.
Appeal from the Supreme Court of the State of Louisiana. Per
curiam: The appeal herein is dismissed for the want of a properly
presented substantial federal question. (1) Pim v. St. Louis, 165
U. S. 673; Wall v. Ches. & Ohio Ry. Co., 256 U. S. 125; Herndon v.
Georgia, 295 U. S. 441, 443. (2) Enterprise Irrig. Dist. v. Canal Co.,
243 U. S. 157, 166; Hebert v. Louisiana, 272 U. S. 312, 316; Ham, Com-
missioner v. Equitable Life Assurance Society, 299 U. S. (decided
October 12, 1936). In so far as the papers whereon the appeal was
allowed seek a review of the rulings of the Supreme Court of Louisi-
ana upon questions of the asserted denial of rights under the Federal
Constitution not involving the validity of any statute of the State,
97624-36--10
-

MONDAY, OCTOBER 19, 1936
35
such papers are treated as a petition for writ of certiorari, Section 237
(c), Judicial Code, as amended by the Act of February 13, 1925 (43
Stat. 936, 938), and certiorari is denied. The motion for leave to
proceed further herein in forma pauperis is denied.
No. 417. Ralph Eisenhardt, appellant, v. The State of Louisiana.
Appeal from the Supreme Court of the State of Louisiana. Per
curiam: The appeal herein is dismissed for the want of jurisdiction.
Sec. 237 (a), Judicial Code, as amended by the Act of February 13,
1925 (43 Stat. 936, 937). Treating the papers whereon the appeal
was allowed as a petition for writ of certiorari, as required by Sec.
237 (c), Judicial Code, as amended (43 Stat. 936, 938), certiorari is
denied. The motion for leave to proceed further herein in forma
pauperis is denied.
The Chief Justice said:
"The other orders of the Court appear upon the list certified by
the Chief Justice and filed with the Clerk and will not be announced
orally."
No. 434. Mrs. Inez Abel and Louise Abel, petitioners, v. Ed.
Kennedy et al. On petition for writ of certiorari to the United
States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit. The motion.
for leave to proceed further herein in forma pauperis is denied for
the reason that the Court, upon examination of the papers herein
submitted finds no ground upon which a writ of certiorari should be
granted. The petition for writ of certiorari is therefore also denied.
No. 379. John Pelkes et al., petitioners, v. Katherine Mason et al.
Upon consideration of the motion by petitioners for an order desig-
nating the portions of the record to be printed, and of the brief of
the respondents on said motion, it is ordered that the parts of the
record designated by the petitioners in their motion and by the re-
spondents in their brief be printed, without prejudice to the authority
of the Court to make such order as to costs as it may deem proper,
if it appear that the respondents have caused unnecessary parts of
the record to be printed. Rule 13, paragraph 9.
No. 372. Carl W. McNeil, doing business as McNeil's Liquor
Store, appellant, v. Joseph Triner Corporation. In this case prob-
able jurisdiction is noted and the case is assigned for hearing
immediately following No. 226.
No. 404. The People of the State of New York, ex rel. Annie
Cohn, appellant, v. Mark Graves et al.; and
No. 418. Harold H. Henneford et al., appellants, v. Silas Mason
Company, Inc., et al. In these cases probable jurisdiction is noted..

MONDAY, OCTOBER 19, 1936
36
No. 374. William Lauro et al., appellants, v. Wendell P. Barker
et al. Further consideration of the question of the jurisdiction of
this Court in this case and of the motion to dismiss or affirm is post-
poned to the hearing of the case on the merits.
In
No. 123. Dirk De Jonge, appellant, v. The State of Oregon.
this case probable jurisdiction is noted. The motion for leave to
proceed in forma pauperis is granted.
No. 216. Shoshone Tribe of Indians, etc., petitioner, v. The
United States; and
No. 328. The United States, petitioner, v. Shoshone Tribe of In-
dians, etc. Petitions for writs of certiorari to the Court of Claims
granted.
No. 329. The United States of America, petitioner, v. John J.
Giles. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit
Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit granted.
No. 330. The United States, petitioner, v. Automatic Washer
Company. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Claims
granted.
No. 331. The United States of America, petitioner, v. A. B. Leach
& Co., Inc. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States.
Circuit Court of Appeals for the Seventh Circuit granted.
No. 332. Francis I. DuPont et al., petitioners, v. The United
States of America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United
States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit granted.
No. 335. United States of America, which sues for the use and
benefit of Charles P. Wilhelm, Trustee, etc., et al., petitioners, v.
Nellie Flynn Chain, Executrix, etc. Petition for writ of certiorari to
the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Fourth Circuit
granted.
No. 340. Etienne Dugas, petitioner, v. American Surety Company
of New York. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Circuit Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit granted.
No. 312. W. T. Murphy, petitioner, v. City of Orlando, a Munic-
ipal Corporation. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Circuit Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 316. Benjamin W. Freeman, petitioner, v. Premier Machine
Company, Inc. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Circuit Court of Appeals for the First Circuit denied.
No. 319. Jefferson & Clearfield Coal & Iron Company, Indiana,
Pennsylvania, petitioner, v. The United States. Petition for writ of
certiorari to the Court of Claims denied.

MONDAY, OCTOBER 19, 1936
37
No. 320. J. Edward Jones, petitioner, v. Securities and Exchange
Commission. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Circuit Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit denied.
No. 321. Allie M. Turbeville, petitioner, v. Commissioner of In-
ternal Revenue. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Circuit Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 323. Eastman Kodak Company, petitioner, v. The United
States. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Claims denied.
No. 334. Fairbanks Court Wholesale Grocery Company, peti-
tioner, v. Commissioner of Internal Revenue. Petition for writ of
certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the
Seventh Circuit denied.
No. 336. The Farmers' Loan and Trust Company, as Trustee etc.,
petitioner v. Frank Collis Bowers, as Executor, etc.; and
No. 337. The Farmers' Loan and Trust Company, as Trustee, etc.,
petitioner, v. Frank Collis Bowers, as Executor, etc. Petition for
writs of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for
the Second Circuit denied.
No. 339. A. E. Krise, Receiver, etc., petitioner, v. The United
States of America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United
States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Fourth Circuit denied.
No. 341. Lillian Scanlon et al., petitioners, v. Gulf Bitulithic
Company et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Civil
Appeals, 1st Supreme Judicial District, State of Texas, denied.
No. 342. Ida May Peterson, Individually, etc., petitioner, v. The
United States of America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Seventh Circuit
denied.
No. 343. Texas Utilities Company, petitioner, v. Harold L. Ickes,
as Federal Emergency Administrator, etc., et al.;
No. 344. Alabama Power Company, petitioner, v. Harold L.
Ickes, as Federal Emergency Administrator, etc., et al.; and
No. 345. Alabama Power Company, petitioner, v. Harold L.
Ickes, as Federal Emergency Administrator, etc., et al. Petition for
writs of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the
District of Columbia denied.
ORDER
It is ordered that paragraph 6 of Rule 32 of the Rules of this
Court be, and it is hereby, amended, effective November 2, 1936, by
adding thereto the following provision:
For preparing, on filing, for the printer, petitions for writs of
certiorari, briefs, jurisdictional statements or motions when required

MONDAY, OCTOBER 19, 1936
38
by the Rules, or at the request of counsel when, in the opinion of
the clerk, circumstances require, indexing the same, changing record
references to conform to the pagination of the printed record, and
supervising the printing, five dollars for each such petition, brief,
jurisdictional statement or motion. Neither the expense of printing
nor the clerk's supervising fee shall be allowed as costs in the case.
ORDER
The Court will take a recess from Monday, October 26, to Monday,
November 9, next.
No. 49. W. H. H. Chamberlin, Inc., appellant, v. Elmer F. An-
drews, Industrial Commissioner, etc.;
No. 50. E. C. Stearns & Co., appellant, v. Elmer F. Andrews,
Industrial Commissioner, etc.; and
No. 64. Associated Industries of New York State, Inc., appellant,
v. The Department of Labor of the State of New York et al. Mo-
tion for leave to file brief of Edward F. McClennen and Jacob J.
Kaplan as amici curiae submitted by Mr. Edward F. McClennen
and the motion denied.
No. 472. Elmer Johnson, petitioner, v. Edward J. Hughes, indi-
vidually, etc., et al. Motion to advance the time for respondents to
file opposing brief and for an injunction submitted by Mr. Fred-
erick A. Ballard on behalf of counsel for the petitioner.
No. 29. James B. Gully, State Tax Collector, etc., petitioner, v.
First National Bank in Meridian. Argued by Mr. J. C. Floyd for
the petitioner and by Mr. R. E. Wilbourn for the respondent.
No. 22. State Board of Equalization, etc., et al., appellants, v.
Young's Market Company et al. Argued by Mr. Walter L. Bowers
for the appellants and by Mr. M. J. Donnelly and Mr. Frederick H.
Wood for the appellees.
No. 30. Estella Wadsworth Cate et al., petitioners, v. Eliza Wads-
worth Beasley et al. Argued by Mr. L. G. Owen for the respondents
and case submitted by Mr. Richard Wm. Stoutz for the petitioners.
Adjourned until tomorrow at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Tuesday, October 20, will be as follows: Nos. 33,
16, 34, 35 (and 36), 31, 40, 41, 46, 48, and 271.
☑

TUESDAY, OCTOBER 20, 1936
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
39
Present: The Chief Justice, Mr. Justice Van Devanter, Mr. Justice
McReynolds, Mr. Justice Brandeis, Mr. Justice Sutherland, Mr.
Justice Butler, Mr. Justice Roberts, and Mr. Justice Cardozo.
Ira P. Miller, of Washington, D. C.; John W. Scott, of Washington,
D. C.; Harvey W. Goddard, of Washington, D. C.; John A. Car-
ruthers, of Colorado Springs, Colo.; Walter E. Meyer, of New York
City; Raymond Sparks, of Washington, D. C.; Chas. Lawrence Tarl-
ton, of Fort Worth, Tex.; Arthur Garfield Higgs, of Geneseo, Ill.;
S. P. New, of Dublin, Ga.; W. Clifford Hendrix, Jr., of Atlanta, Ga.;
and John H. Sutherland, of St. Louis, Mo., were admitted to practice.
No. 33. F. A. Werk, Elsie Bieltz, et al., appellants, v. The Lorain
Street Savings and Trust Company et al. Argument commenced by
Mr. O. F. Goudy for the appellants. The Court declined to hear
further argument.
No. 16. Joseph Loporto and Angelina Loporto, appellants, v. The
Druiss Company, Inc. Appeal from the Supreme Court of the State
of New York. Dismissed per stipulation of counsel.
No. 34. The United States of America, petitioner, v. Raymond
Wood. Argued by Mr. Assistant Attorney General McMahon for the
petitioner, and by Mr. William E. Leahy for the respondent.
No. 31. Jose Rivera Soler & Co., Inc., petitioner, v. The United
Firemen's Insurance Company of Philadelphia. Argued by Mr.
Francis H. Dexter for the petitioner, and by Mr. Henri Brown for the
respondent.
No. 35. Samuel B. Smith, petitioner, v. A. B. Hall et al., and
No. 36. Samuel B. Smith, petitioner, v. James Manufacturing
Company et al. Argument commenced by Mr. Charles Neave for the
petitioner.
Adjourned until tomorrow at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Wednesday, October 21, will be as follows: Nos.
35 (and 36), 40, 41, 46, 48, 271, and 54.
☑
97624-36-11

WEDNESDAY, OCTOBER 21, 1936
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
40
Present: The Chief Justice, Mr. Justice Van Devanter, Mr. Justice
McReynolds, Mr. Justice Brandeis, Mr. Justice Sutherland, Mr.
Justice Butler, Mr. Justice Roberts, and Mr. Justice Cardozo.
Frank E. Paige, of Philadelphia, Pa.; Gene W. Reardon, of
Texarkana, Tex.; Leo F. Nohl, of Milwaukee, Wis.; John Matthews
Blanton, of Abilene, Texas; and James Pollock Kohler, of New York
City, were admitted to practice.
No. 35. Samuel B. Smith, petitioner, v. A. B. Hall et al; and
No. 36. Samuel B. Smith, petitioner, v. James Manufacturing
Company et al. Argument continued by Mr. Charles Neave for the
petitioner; by Mr. Thomas G. Haight for the respondents in No. 35;
by Mr. H. A. Toulmin for the respondents in No. 36; by Mr. Arthur
E. Paige for the respondents in No. 35; and concluded by Mr. Albert
L. Ely for the petitioner.
No. 40. The Atlantic Refining Company, appellant, v. Common-
wealth of Virginia. Argument commenced by Mr. T. Justin Moore
for the appellant.
Adjourned until tomorrow at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Thursday, October 22, will be as follows: Nos.
40, 41, 46, 48, 271, and 54.
Х
07624–36--12

THURSDAY, OCTOBER 22, 1936
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
41
Present: The Chief Justice, Mr. Justice Van Devanter, Mr. Justice
McReynolds, Mr. Justice Brandeis, Mr. Justice Sutherland, Mr.
Justice Butler, Mr. Justice Roberts, and Mr. Justice Cardozo.
Clinton Blake Townsend, of New York City; Edwin L. Harding,
of Chicago, Ill.; Samuel Milberg, of Jersey City, N. J.; Samuel B.
Ohlbaum, of New York City; Isaac M. Mills, of Chicago, Ill.; Gerald
S. Levin, of San Francisco, Calif.; Norman Tower Ball, of Wash-
ington, D. C.; Philip A. Walker, of Washington, D. C.; Paul G.
Koontz, of Kansas City, Mo.; William I. Sullivan, of San Francisco,
Calif.; Joe Weber, of Washington, D. C.; Lewis S. Pope, of Nash-
ville, Tenn.; and Laurence B. Howard, of Nashville, Tenn., were
admitted to practice.
No. 40. The Atlantic Refining Company, appellant, v. Common-
wealth of Virginia. Argument continued by Mr. T. Justin Moore
for the appellant; by Mr. Abram P. Staples for the appellee; and
concluded by Mr. T. Justin Moore, for the appellant.
No. 41. The United States, petitioner, v. Robert Esnalt-Pelterie.
Three hours allowed for oral argument. Argued by Mr. Drury W.
Cooper for the petitioner, and by Mr. Eugene V. Myers for the
respondent.
No. 46. Southeastern Express Company, petitioner, v. Pastime
Amusement Company. Submitted by Mr. Harry L. Greene for the
petitioner. No appearance for the respondent.
No. 48. Tennessee Publishing Company, petitioner, v. American
National Bank et al. Argument commenced by Mr. A. H. Roberts
for the petitioner.
Adjourned until tomorrow at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Friday, October 23, will be as follows: Nos. 48,
271, and 54.
☑
97624-36-13

FRIDAY, OCTOBER 23, 1936
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
42
Present: The Chief Justice, Mr. Justice Van Devanter, Mr. Justice
McReynolds, Mr. Justice Brandeis, Mr. Justice Sutherland, Mr.
Justice Butler, Mr. Justice Roberts, and Mr. Justice Cardozo.
Paul Balsam, of New York City; Steuart Henderson Britt, of
Washington, D. C.; Robert T. Barton, Jr., of Richmond, Va.; Clinton
H. Hartson, of Seattle, Wash.; Bernard Louis Zangwill, of Wash-
ington, D. C.; Thomas Bruce Fuller, of Washington, D. C.; Robert
Neill, Jr., of St. Louis, Mo.; Caruthers Ewing, Jr., of Memphis,
Tenn.; Jacob K. Javits, of New York City; and Leighton Shields,
of St. Louis, Mo., were admitted to practice.
No. 48. Tennessee Publishing Company, petitioner, v. American
National Bank et al. Argument continued by Mr. A. H. Roberts for
the petitioner; by Mr. Cecil Sims for the respondents; and concluded
by Mr. Lewis S. Pope for the petitioner.
No. 271. In the matter of 620 Church Street Building Corpora-
tion et al., petitioners. Leave granted petitioners to file a reply brief
within five days. Argument commenced by Mr. Thomas E. Rein
for the petitioners; continued by Mr. Isaac M. Mills for the peti-
tioners; by Mr. Isaac E. Ferguson for the respondents, Louis M.
Quitman et al.; by Mr. Geo. T. Buckingham for the respondents,
Chester R. Davis et al.; and concluded by Mr. Thomas E. Rein for
the petitioners.
No. 54. Bessie Villa and Max Peterson, appellants, v. George S.
Van Schaick, Superintendent of Insurance, etc. Argued by Mr.
Hartwell Cabell for the appellants, and by Mr. Walter B. Herendeen
for the appellee.
Adjourned until Monday, October 26th next, at 12 o'clock.
Х
97624-36- -14

MONDAY, OCTOBER 26, 1936
43
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: The Chief Justice, Mr. Justice Van Devanter, Mr. Justice
McReynolds, Mr. Justice Brandeis, Mr. Justice Butler, Mr. Justice
Sutherland, Mr. Justice Roberts, and Mr. Justice Cardozo.
Samuel Flatow, of New York City; Harold Widetsky, of Boston,
Mass.; Richard A. Toomey, of Denver, Colo.; Troy Smith, of Tyler,
Tex.; Theodore Even Wolcott, of New York City; Ray G. Thur-
mond, of Tyler, Tex.; Howard Hilton Spellman, of New York City;
LaVergne F. Guinn, of Dallas, Tex.; Isaac W. Jacobs, of Norfolk,
Va.; Louis Max Gernsbacher, of Galveston, Tex.; Norman W. Baker,
of Denver, Colo.; Allen H. Gardner, of Washington, D. C.; Daniel
N. Logan, of Washington, D. C.; A. Ralph D'Andrea, of New York
City; and Clifford A. Russell, of Sacramento, Calif., were admitted
to practice.
No. 12. Pick Manufacturing Company, petitioner, v. General Mo-
tors Corporation, Chevrolet Motor Company, and Buick Motor Com-
pany. On writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of
Appeals for the Seventh Circuit. Judgment affirmed with costs and
cause remanded to the District Court of the United States for the
Eastern District of Wisconsin. Opinion, per curiam, announced by
Mr. Chief Justice Hughes. Mr. Justice Van Devanter, Mr. Justice
Stone, and Mr. Justice Roberts took no part in the consideration and
decision of this cause.
The Chief Justice said:
"The other orders of the Court appear upon the list certified by
the Chief Justice and filed with the Clerk and will not be announced
orally."
No. 33. F. A. Werk, Elsie Bieltz, and Gertrude Dahl, appellants,
v. The Lorain Street Savings and Trust Company et al. Appeal
from the Supreme Court of the State of Ohio. Per curiam: The
motion of the appellees to dismiss the appeal is granted, and the
appeal is dismissed for the want of a properly presented substantial
federal question as to the validity of a statute of the State. (1)
Crowell v. Randell, 10 Pet. 368, 392; Railroad Co. v. Rock, 4 Wall.
97624-36--15

MONDAY, OCTOBER 26, 1936
44
177, 180; Whitney v. California, 274 U. S. 357, 360. (2) Doty v.
Love, 295 U. S. 64. In so far as the papers whereon the appeal was
allowed seek a review of the rulings of the Supreme Court of Ohio
upon questions of the asserted denial of rights under the Federal
Constitution not involving the validity of any statute of the State,
such papers are treated as a petition for writ of certiorari, Section
237 (c), Judicial Code, as amended by the Act of February 13, 1925
(43 Stat. 936, 938), and certiorari is denied.
-.
No. In Re Disbarment of Holmes Hall. This Court, by order
of October 14, 1935, having directed the issue of a rule requiring
Holmes Hall, of Richmond, Virginia, a member of the bar of this
Court, to show cause why he should not be disbarred from further
practice of the law in this Court for conduct unbecoming a member
of the bar of this Court; and a rule having issued and said Holmes
Hall having filed a return thereto;
And this Court, by order of December 9, 1935, having referred the
rule to show cause and the return aforesaid, together with all papers
relating to the matter, to Mr. J. Harry Covington, Mr. John Spalding
Flannery, and Mr. F. Regis Noel, of Washington, D. C., as a com-
mittee of the bar of this Court, to make such inquiry into the matter
as should be necessary or appropriate and thereupon to report to
this Court;
And the report of said committee with the exhibits thereto having
been received and filed; and the said Holmes Hall having filed excep-
tions thereto;
And the Court, upon due consideration of the report of the com-
mittee, the exhibits filed therewith, and the exceptions to the report,
being of the opinion that the said Holmes Hall has been guilty of
conduct unbecoming a member of the bar of this Court,
Now, therefore, it is ordered that the findings of the committee
embodied in the said report be and they are hereby sustained, and
that the exceptions thereto be and they are hereby overruled, and it
is further
Ordered that the said Holmes Hall be, and he is hereby, disbarred
from the further practice of the law in this Court, and that his name
be, and it is hereby, stricken from the roll of attorneys admitted to
practice before the bar of this Court.
-
No. In re Disbarment of Jesse C. Duke. It having been reported
to the Court that Jesse C. Duke, of Washington, D. C., a member
of the bar of this Court, has been disbarred from the practice of
the law in the Supreme Court of the District of Columbia;
It is ordered that the said Jesse C. Duke be, and he is hereby,
suspended from the practice of the law in this Court, and that a rule
issue returnable within forty (40) days requiring the said Jesse C.

MONDAY, OCTOBER 26, 1936
45
Duke to show cause why he should not be disbarred from the prac-
tice of the law in this Court.
No. 20. Great Northern Railway Company, appellant, v. State of
Washington. The Court directs that oral argument be had and re-
quests the parties to file additional and clarifying briefs. The case
is set for oral argument on Monday, December 7, 1936.
No. 34. The United States of America, petitioner, v. Raymond
Wood. Leave to file brief of Charles J. Hoeppel and John H.
Hoeppel as amici curiae denied.
No. 472. Elmer Johnson, petitioner, v. Edward J. Hughes, In-
dividually, etc. The motion to advance time for filing brief of re-
spondent in this case is denied. The motion for injunction is also
denied.
No. 397. The Henderson Company, appellant, v. Ernest O. Thomp-
son et al. In this case probable jurisdiction is noted.
No. 354. Caroline R. Kuehner et al., petitioners, v. Grayson M.-P.
Murphy et al., etc. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United
States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit granted.
No. 151. Mrs. John S. Meadows, petitioner, v. The Irving Trust
Company, as Trustee etc., et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit
granted and the case assigned for argument immediately following
No. 354.
No. 260. City Bank Farmers Trust Company, Assignee, etc., peti-
tioner, v. Irving Trust Company, as Trustee, etc., et al. Petition for
writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for
the Second Circuit granted and case assigned for argument immedi-
ately following No. 151.
No. 365. The Associated Press, petitioner, v. National Labor Re-
lations Board. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Circuit Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit granted and case
assigned for argument immediately following No. 324.
No. 469. Washington, Virginia and Maryland Coach Company,
petitioner, v. National Labor Relations Board. Petition for writ of
certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the
Fourth Circuit granted and case assigned for argument immediately
following No. 365.
No. 346. Northwestern National Bank and Trust Company of
Minneapolis, petitioner, v. Frank O. Lowden et al. Petition for writ
of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the
Eighth Circuit denied.
No. 347. The City of New York, petitioner, v. Saul Goldstein,
Trustee, etc. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Circuit Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit denied.

$
MONDAY, OCTOBER 26, 1936
46
No. 348. Frank Rizzo, Claimant, etc., petitioner, v. The United
States of America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United
States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Third Circuit denied.
No. 349. G. Merlaud, petitioner, v. National Metropolitan Bank,
etc., et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court
of Appeals for the District of Columbia denied.
No. 350. Iowa-Des Moines National Bank and Trust Company,
petitioner, v. Frank O. Lowden et al., etc. Petition for writ of cer-
tiorari to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Eighth
Circuit denied.
No. 351. John H. Schulten et al., petitioners, v. Harry S. Day,
Treasurer of the State of Ohio et al. Petition for writ of certiorari
to the Supreme Court of the State of Ohio denied.
No. 356. City of Ocean City, In the County of Cape May, State of
New Jersey, petitioner, v. Federal Reserve Bank of Philadelphia.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of
Appeals for the Third Circuit denied.
No. 357. Village of Winnetka, petitioner, v. Paul Reschke; and
No. 358. Village of Winnetka, petitioner, v. A. G. Erickson. Peti-
tion for writs of certiorari to the Supreme Court of the State of
Illinois denied.
No. 359. The Northwestern Mutual Life Insurance Company, peti-
tioner, v. Lucie E. O'Maley. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
Kansas City Court of Appeals, State of Missouri, denied.
No. 361. Siemens & Halske Actiengesellschaft et al., petitioners,
v. Central Hanover Bank & Trust Company, as Trustee. Petition
for writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals
for the Second Circuit denied.
No. 362. Flat-Top Fuel Company, Inc., petitioner, v. Joseph P.
Martin. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit
Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit denied.
No. 363. The National City Bank of New York, petitioner, v.
Rosario Garzot de Fernandez et al. Petition for writ of certiorari
to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the First Circuit
denied.
No. 364. P. Lorillard & Co., Inc., petitioner, v. The United States.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Customs
and Patent Appeals denied.
No. 366. Joe Siegel, petitioner, v. The State of Iowa. Petition for
writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of the State of Iowa denied.
No. 367. Cago Corporation, Paul Fox, et al., petitioners, v. W. E.
Brusselback et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United
States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit denied.

MONDAY, OCTOBER 26, 1936
47
No. 368. Grace Steamship Company, as Owner etc., petitioner, v.
Anglo-Chilean Nitrate Sales Corporation et al.; and
No. 369. Grace Steamship Company, as Owner etc., petitioner, v.
Anglo-Chilean Nitrate Sales Corporation. Petition for writs of cer-
tiorari to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Second
Circuit denied.
No. 371. Midland Bank, Limited, etc., petitioner, v. Bishop and
Company, Inc., a corporation. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit denied.
No. 373. Allman & Olins, Inc., petitioner, v. Joseph I. Shapiro,
Inc. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit
Court of Appeals for the First Circuit denied.
No. 376. Liverpool & London & Globe Insurance Company, Ltd.,
petitioner, v. H. H. Crosby, Receiver for Reed & Duecker, Inc.; and
No. 377. Fidelity-Phenix Fire Insurance Company, petitioner, v.
H. H. Crosby, Receiver for Reed & Duecker, Inc. Petition for writs
☐ of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the
Sixth Circuit denied.
No. 93. The Aleograph Company, petitioner, v. Electrical Re-
search Products, Inc., et al. Petition for rehearing denied.
No. 138. Kentucky Whip and Collar Company, petitioner, v.
Illinois Central Railroad Company. Leave granted the United
States to file a brief and to participate in the oral argument as amicus
curiae granted on motion of Mr. Solicitor General Reed in that
behalf.
No. 43. Mrs. Monica Rutherford Farren, Executrix, etc., peti-
toner, v. Commissioner of Internal Revenue; and
No. 44. E. W. McCrary, petitioner, v. Commissioner of Internal
Revenue. On writs of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court
of Appeals for the Tenth Circuit. Dismissed per stipulation of
counsel.
No. 418. Harold H. Henneford et al., appellants, v. Silas Mason
Company, Inc. Motion to advance submitted by Mr. R. G. Sharpe
for the appellants.
Adjourned until Monday, November 9 next at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Monday, November 9, will be as follows: Nos.
221 (and 222), 32, 28, 37, 38, 39, 49 (and 50), 64, 55, and 79.
☑

MONDAY, NOVEMBER 9, 1936
48
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: The Chief Justice, Mr. Justice Van Devanter, Mr. Justice
McReynolds, Mr. Justice Brandeis, Mr. Justice Sutherland, Mr.
Justice Butler, Mr. Justice Roberts, and Mr. Justice Cardozo.
W. H. Nicholson, of Greenwood, S. C.; Harry Raymond Turkel,
of Washington, D. C.; Murray Hanson, of Cleveland, Ohio; Robert
E. Sher, of Superior, Wis.; Jerome N. Frank, of New York City;
Charles Louis Kades, of Newburgh, N. Y.; Julius Sklar, of Camden,
N. J.; Herbert A. Bergson, of Boston, Mass.; Allen Caruthers, of
New York City; James L. Boone, of Boise, Idaho; E. L. Lockhart,
of Miami Beach, Fla.; Lawrence N. Spears, of Chattanooga, Tenn.;
Stanley S. Surrey, of New York City; Charles T. Abeles, of Nor-
folk, Va.; Arthur M. Becker, of New York City; W. S. Elkins, of
Houston, Tex.; Edgar Allyn Buttle, of New York City; Ralph Wil-
liams, of Atlanta, Ga.; Charles S. Lynch, of Wilmington, Del.;
Herbert J. Hannock, of Newark, N. J.; William B. McGuire, Jr., of
Charlotte, N. C.; Henry Cleveland Hall, of Great Falls, Mont.;
Oscar A. Provost, of Helena, Mont.; John S. Boyer, of St. Joseph,
Mo.; Albert Dexter Nortoni, of Jefferson City, Mo.; Paul R. Taylor,
of Albany, N. Y.; and John Morrill Martin, of Los Angeles, Calif.,
were admitted to practice.
No. 11. L. P. Chisholm, Waller Holladay, W. Earl Crank, et al.,
petitioners, v. W. B. Gilmer, Receiver for the First National Bank of
Louisa, Louisa, Virginia. On writ of certiorari to the United States
Circuit Court of Appeals for the Fourth Circuit. Judgment affirmed
with costs and cause remanded to the District Court of the United
States for the Eastern District of Virginia. Opinion by Mr. Justice
Cardozo.
No. 23. William Fox, petitioner, v. Capital Company, a Cali-
fornia Corporation. On writ of certiorari to the United States Cir-
cuit Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit. Judgment affirmed
with costs and cause remanded to the District Court of the United
States for the Southern District of New York. Opinion by Mr.
Justice Cardozo.
No. 29. James B. Gully, State Tax Collector for the State of
Mississippi, petitioner, v. First National Bank in Meridian. On writ
of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the
Fifth Circuit. Judgment reversed with costs and cause remitted to
97624-36--16

MONDAY, NOVEMBER 9, 1936
49
the District Court of the United States for the Southern District of
Mississippi with instructions to remand it to the court in Mississippi
from which it was removed. Opinion by Mr. Justice Cardozo.
No. 51. Hyman Wainer, Louis Wainer, George Davis, et al., peti-
tioners, v. The United States of America. On writ of certiorari to
the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Seventh Circuit.
Judgment affirmed and cause remanded to the District Court of the
United States for the Eastern District of Wisconsin. Opinion by Mr.
Justice Roberts.
No. 21. Essex Razor Blade Corporation, petitioner, v. Gillette
Safety Razor Company. On writ of certiorari to the United States
Circuit Court of Appeals for the Third Circuit. Decree of the Cir-
cuit Court of Appeals reversed with costs and decree of the District
Court of the United States for the District of New Jersey affirmed
and cause remanded to the said District Court for further proceed-
ings in conformity with the opinion of this Court. Opinion by Mr.
Justice Roberts.
No. 19. Baxter N. Foust, Administrator, etc., petitioner, v. Munson
Steamship Lines, Debtor in Reorganization. On writ of certiorari to
the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit.
Decree reversed with costs and cause remanded to the District Court
of the United States for the Southern District of New York for
further proceedings in conformity with the opinion of this Court.
Opinion by Mr. Justice Butler.
No. 27. Guy T. Helvering, Commissioner of Internal Revenue,
petitioner, v. Illinois Life Insurance Company. On writ of certiorari
to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Seventh Cir-
cuit. Judgment reversed and cause remanded to the said Circuit
Court of Appeals for further proceedings in conformity with the
opinion of this Court. Opinion by Mr. Justice Butler.
No. 2. Jean Bourdieu, petitioner, v. Pacific Western Oil Company,
Kettleman Oil Corporation, et al. On writ of certiorari to the United
States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit. Decrees of
the Circuit Court of Appeals and of the District Court of the United
States for the Southern District of California reversed without costs
and cause remanded to the said District Court with directions to enter
a decree in accordance with the opinion of this Court. Opinion by
Mr. Justice Sutherland.
No. 3. State of Missouri, Creditor, petitioner, v. John T. Ross,
Trustee, et al. On writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit
Court of Appeals for the Eighth Circuit. Judgment affirmed with
costs and cause remanded to the District Court of the United States
for the Eastern District of Missouri. Opinion by Mr. Justice
Sutherland.

MONDAY, NOVEMBER 9, 1936
50
No. 17. Mechanics Universal Joint Company and Grace Ekstrom,
Administratrix, etc., petitioners, v. A. B. Culhane, Receiver of the
Manufacturers National Bank and Trust Company of Rockford, Illi-
nois, etc. On writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of
Appeals for the Seventh Circuit. Decree affirmed with costs and
cause remanded to the District Court of the United States for the
Northern District of Illinois. Opinion by Mr. Justice Brandeis.
No. 22. State Board of Equalization of the State of California
et al., appellants, v. Young's Market Company et al. Appeal from
the District Court of the United States for the Southern District of
California. Decree reversed with costs and cause remanded to the
said District Court for further proceedings in conformity with the
opinion of this Court. Opinion by Mr. Justice Brandeis. Mr. Jus-
tice Butler concurs in the result.
No. 9. P. J. Carlin Construction Co. and the Travelers Insurance
Company, petitioners, v. Edward Heaney and State Industrial Board
of the State of New York. On writ of certiorari to the Supreme
Court of the State of New York. Judgment affirmed with costs.
Opinion by Mr. Justice McReynolds.
No. 31. Jose Rivera Soler & Co., Inc., petitioner, v. The United
Firemen's Insurance Company of Philadelphia. On writ of certiorari
to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the First Circuit.
Judgment of the Circuit Court of Appeals reversed with costs and
judgment of the District Court of the United States for the District
of Puerto Rico affirmed and cause remanded to the said District
Court for further proceedings in conformity with the opinion of this
Court. Opinion by Mr. Justice McReynolds.
No. 10. Joseph H. Barwise and George Thompson, Jr., as Trus-
tee of the estate of Mrs. M. M. (W. I.) Cook, deceased, appellants, v.
George H. Sheppard as Comptroller of the State of Texas et al. Ap-
peal from the Court of Civil Appeals, Third Supreme Judicial Dis-
trict, State of Texas. Judgment affirmed with costs. Opinion by
Mr. Justice Van Devanter.
No. 6. Lewis J. Valentine, Police Commissioner of the City of
New York, et al., etc., petitioners, v. The United States of America
on the relation of B. Coles Neidecker;
No. 7. Lewis J. Valentine, Police Commissioner of the City of
New York, et al., etc., petitioners, v. The United States of America
on the relation of George W. Neidecker; and
No. 8. Lewis J. Valentine, Police Commissioner of the City of
New York, et al., etc., petitioners, v. The United States of America
on the relation of Aubrey Neidecker. On writs of certiorari to the
United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit.
Judgments affirmed with the costs and cases remanded to the District

MONDAY, NOVEMBER 9, 1936
51
Court of the United States for the Southern District of New York.
Opinion by Mr. Chief Justice Hughes.
No. 48. Tennessee Publishing Company, petitioner, v. American
National Bank, C. O. Carpenter, Receiver, et al. On writ of cer-
tiorari to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Sixth
Circuit. Decree affirmed with costs and cause remanded to the Dis-
trict Court of the United States for the Middle District of Tennessee.
Opinion by Mr. Chief Justice Hughes.
No. 271. In the matter of 620 Church Street Building Corpora-
tion et al., petitioners. On writ of certiorari to the United States
Circuit Court of Appeals for the Seventh Circuit. Decree affirmed
with costs and cause remanded to the District Court of the United
States for the Northern District of Illinois. Opinion by Mr. Chief
Justice Hughes.
No. 46. Southeastern Express Company, petitioner, v. Pastime
Amusement Company. On writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court
of the State of South Carolina. Judgment reversed with costs and
cause remanded to the said Supreme Court for further proceedings
not inconsistent with the opinion of this Court. Opinion, per curiam,
announced by Mr. Chief Justice Hughes.
No. 30. Estella Wadsworth Cate et al., petitioners, v. Eliza Wads-
worth Beasley et al. On writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of
the State of Oklahoma. Judgment affirmed with costs. Opinion,
per curiam, announced by Mr. Chief Justice Hughes. Mr. Justice
McReynolds is of opinion that the challenged judgment should be
reversed.
No. 13. John K. Valentine, as Chairman of the Iowa State Board
of Assessment and Review, etc., et al., appellants, v. The Great
Atlantic & Pacific Tea Company et al.;
No. 14. John K. Valentine, as Chairman of the Iowa State Board
of Assessment and Review, etc., et al., appellants, v. Graham De-
partment Stores Company et al.; and
No. 15. John K. Valentine, as Chairman of the Iowa State Board
of Assessment and Review, etc., et al., appellants, v. Walgreen Co.
et al. Appeals from the District Court of the United States for the
Southern District of Iowa. Decrees affirmed with costs. Opinion,
per curiam, announced by Mr. Chief Justice Hughes. Mr. Justice
Brandeis and Mr. Justice Cardozo dissent.
The Chief Justice announced the following orders of the Court:
No. 439. Glenn W. Musser, appellant, v. George H. Sheppard,
Comptroller of Public Accounts of the State of Texas. Appeal from
the Supreme Court of the State of Texas. Per curiam: The motion

MONDAY, NOVEMBER 9, 1936
52
of the appellee to dismiss the appeal is granted, and the appeal is
dismissed for the want of a final judgment. Reddall v. Bryan, 24
How. 420; Verden v. Coleman, 18 How. 86; Twin City Power Co. v.
Savannah River Electric Co., 284 U. S. 574; Gant v. Oklahoma City,
284 U. S. 594.
No. 444. Rollo N. Walter, appellant, v. The State of Indiana.
Appeal from the Supreme Court of the State of Indiana. Per
curiam: The appeal herein is dismissed for the want of jurisdiction.
Section 237 (a), Judicial Code, as amended by the Act of February
13, 1925 (43 Stat. 936, 937). Treating the papers whereon the appeal
was allowed as a petition for a writ of certiorari, as required by
section 237 (c), Judicial Code, as amended (43 Stat. 936, 938), cer-·
tiorari is denied.
No. 464. American Bakeries Company and Carl Glenn, appellants,
v. City of Huntsville, Alabama. Appeal from the Supreme Court
of the State of Alabama. Per curiam: The appeal herein is dis-
missed for the want of a final judgment. Missouri, etc., Ry. Co. v.
Olathe, 222 U. S. 185; O'Mara v. Crampton, 267 U. S. 575; Manassas,
etc., Park, Inc., v. Robertson, 274 U. S. 716.
The Chief Justice said:
"The other orders of the Court appear upon the list certified by
the Chief Justice and filed with the Clerk and will not be announced
orally."
ORDER
In pursuance of section 29 of the amendments enacted by section
28 of the act of Congress approved August 5, 1909 (c. 6, sec. 28
36 Stat. 11, 91, 105)—
It is now here ordered by this Court that the amendment to the
revised table of fees of the United States Court of Customs and
Patent Appeals adopted October 19, 1936, be, and the same is hereby,
adopted and approved, viz:
Amend Rule V by changing the language of subdivision 5 so that
the same shall read: For filing and docketing each patent appeal,
$12, this fee to be in full of all fees in the case, except the charge
for preparing and supervising the printing of the record: Provided,
That when an appeal is taken by or on behalf of the United States,
no payment of fees shall be required.
No., original. Ex parte: Otto Van Dyke, petitioner. The
motion for leave to file petition for writ of habeas corpus is denied.
No. 418. Harold H. Henneford et al., etc., appellants, v. Silas
Mason Company, Inc. The motion to advance this case is granted

MONDAY, NOVEMBER 9, 1936
53
and the case is advanced and assigned for argument on Monday,
December 14 next.
No. 287. Preble Corporation, petitioner, v. Carroll H. Wentworth
et al., etc. The motion of petitioner to extend time for filing petition
for rehearing is denied.
No. 353. Helen M. Torinus, appellant, v. Roy F. Johnson, The
Auditor of Washington County, etc. The motion of appellant to
extend the time for filing petition for rehearing is granted, and the
time is extended to November 20, 1936.
No. 434. Mrs. Inez Abel and Louise Abel, petitioners, v. Ed Ken-
nedy et al. The motion for an extension of time within which to
obtain a certified copy of the record is granted and the time is
extended for thirty days from the date of this order.
No. 479. Ed. O. Ellis, petitioner, v. A. C. Aderhold, Warden,
United States Penitentiary, Atlanta, Georgia. On petition for writ
of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the
Fifth Circuit. The motion for leave to proceed further herein in
forma pauperis is denied for the reason that the Court, upon exam-
ination of the papers herein submitted, finds no ground upon which a
writ of certiorari should be granted. The petition for writ of cer-
tiorari is therefore also denied.
No. 456. Ray Ingels, as Director of the Motor Vehicle Depart-
ment of the State of California, et al., appellants, v. Howard Morf,
Doing Business, etc., et al. In this case probable jurisdiction is
noted.
No. 454. Jay B. Phelps, appellant, v. Board of Education of the
Town of West New York et al.; and
No. 455. Lucy Askam et al., appellants, v. Board of Education of
the Town of West New York et al. In these cases probable jurisdic-
tion is noted. Further consideration of the motions to dismiss or
affirm is postponed to the hearing of the case on the merits.
No. 370. Marian S. Honeyman, appellant, v. Herbert G. Hanan,
as Executor, etc. Further consideration of the question of the juris-
diction of this Court in this case and of the motion to dismiss or
affirm is postponed to the hearing of the case on the merits.
No. 381. Walter A. Kennedy, petitioner, v. Boston-Continental
National Bank and Federick S. Deitrick, Receiver. Petition for
writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for
the First Circuit granted.
No. 382. Wendell Phillips Company, petitioner, v. Boston-Con-
tinental National Bank et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the First Circuit granted.

MONDAY, NOVEMBER 9, 1936
54
No. 389. The Knox National Farm Loan Association et al., peti-
tioners, v. Arthur C. Phillips. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
Court of Appeals of the State of Ohio granted.
No. 413. Grand Rapids Trust Company, Receiver etc., petitioner,
v. United Light and Power Company. Petition for writ of certio-
rari to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Sixth
Circuit granted.
No. 406. Wilhelmina Sumi, petitioner, v. Alsie M. Young. Peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of
Appeals for the Ninth Circuit granted.
No. 398. Founders General Corporation, petitioner, v. James J.
Hoey, Collector of United States Internal Revenue, etc. Petition
for writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals
for the Second Circuit granted and case assigned for argument im-
mediately following Nos. 330 and 331.
No. 419. National Labor Relations Board, petitioner, v. Jones &
Laughlin Steel Corporation. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit granted.
and case assigned for argument immediately following Nos. 365 and
469.
No. 420. National Labor Relations Board, petitioner, v. Freuhauf
Trailer Company; and
No. 421. National Labor Relations Board, petitioner, v. Freuhauf
Trailer Company. Petition for writs of certiorari to the United
States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Sixth Circuit granted and
cases assigned for argument immediately following No. 419.
No. 422. National Labor Relations Board, petitioner, v. Friedman-
Harry Marks Clothing Company, Inc.; and
No. 423. National Labor Relations Board, petitioner, v. Friedman-
Harry Marks Clothing Company, Inc. Petition for writs of certio-
rari to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Second
Circuit granted and cases assigned for argument immediately follow-
ing Nos. 420 and 421.
No. 410. Haskins Bros. & Co., petitioner, v. Henry Morgenthau,
Jr., Secretary of the Treasury of the United States, et al. The ap-
plication for injunction in this case is denied. The petition for
writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the
District of Columbia is denied.
No. 22. Sand Springs Home, petitioner, v. Millie Naharkey, an
incompetent, etc. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme
Court of the State of Oklahoma denied for the want of a final
judgment.

MONDAY, NOVEMBER 9, 1936
55
No. 375. Candado Stevedoring Corporation, petitioner, v. Samuel
S. Lowe, Deputy Commissioner of the United States Employees'
Compensation Commission, etc., et al. Petition for writ of certiorari
to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Second Cir-
cuit denied.
No. 383. R. & L. Inc., petitioner, v. Commissioner of Internal
Revenue. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit
Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 385. Morris Renkoff, petitioner, v. The United States of
America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Cir-
cuit Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit denied.
No. 386. Thomas J. Wood, petitioner, v. The United States of
America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Cir-
cuit Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 387. Boston & Albany Railroad Company, New York Cen-
tral & Hudson River Railroad Company, Lesee, petitioner, v. Wal-
ter Hietala. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Superior Court of
the County of Berkshire, Commonwealth of Massachusetts, denied.
No. 388. William S. Linderman, Sole Executor of the Last Will of
Mary M. Bindley, deceased, petitioner, v. Guy T. Helvering, Com-
missioner of Internal Revenue. Petition for writ of certiorari to
the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Third Circuit
denied.
No. 390. The Kansas City Southern Railway Company, petitioner,
v. Rose E. Quin, Administratrix of the Estate of O. B. Quin, de-
ceased. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit
Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 391. Morris Singer and Jack Niestadt, petitioners, v. Ben-
jamin D. Friedman and Munsey Trust Company. Petition for writ
of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the District
of Columbia denied.
No. 392. The United States of America, petitioner, v. Galveston-
Houston Electric Company. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the First Circuit denied.
No. 393. A. McLean & Son, petitioner, v. Federal Trade Commis-
sion;
No. 394. M. J. Holloway & Company, petitioner, v. Federal Trade
Commission;
No. 395. Queen Anne Candy Company, petitioner, v. Federal
Trade Commission; and
No. 396. The Bonita Company, petitioner, v. Federal Trade Com-
mission. Petition for writs of certiorari to the United States Circuit
Court of Appeals for the Seventh Circuit denied.

MONDAY, NOVEMBER 9, 1936
56
No. 400. Southern Railway Company and F. T. Duggins, peti-
tioners, v. J. L. McGraw, Administrator, etc. Petition for writ of
certiorari to the Supreme Court of the State of North Carolina denied.
No. 401. Charles A. McGuire, petitioner, v. Commissioner of In-
ternal Revenue. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Circuit Court of Appeals for the Seventh Circuit denied.
No. 407. Margaret J. Clark, as Administratrix etc., petitioner, v.
The Delaware and Hudson Railroad Corporation. Petition for writ
of certiorari to the Supreme Court of the State of New York denied.
No. 412. United Light & Power Company, petitioner, v. Grand
Rapids Trust Company, Receiver. Petition for writ of certiorari to
the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Sixth Circuit
denied.
No. 425. Edgar W. Bassick, petitioner, v. Commissioner of In-
ternal Revenue; and
No. 426. Jessie S. Perkins, petitioner, v. Commissioner of In-
ternal Revenue. Petition for writs of certiorari to the United States
Circuit Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit denied.
No. 428. Severns Drilling Company, Ltd., petitioner, v. The
Superior Court of the State of California, etc., et al. Petition for
writ of certiorari to the District Court of Appeal, State of Cali-
fornia, denied.
No. 453. Six-Way Corporation, petitioner, v. McCurdy & Com-
pany, Inc. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Cir-
cuit Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit denied.
No. 322. Philip A. Scholl, petitioner, v. The United States.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Claims denied.
No. 360. Mrs. R. E. Standley et al., petitioners, v. Graham
Production Company. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United
States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 378. Robert J. Fitzgerald et al., petitioners, v. The People of
the State of California. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Dis-
trict Court of Appeal, Third Appellate District, State of California,
denied.
No. 399. Agnes Gliwa, etc., petitioner, v. United States Steel Cor-
poration et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court
of the State of Pennsylvania denied.
No. 408. U S L Battery Corporation, petitioner, v. Commissioner
of Internal Revenue; and
No. 409. U SL Battery Corporation, petitioner, v. Commissioner
of Internal Revenue. Petition for writs of certiorari to the United
States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit denied.
97624-36-17

MONDAY, NOVEMBER 9, 1936
57
No. 414. Iowa Soap Company, petitioner, v. Charles D. Huston,
Individually, etc. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Circuit Court of Appeals for the Eighth Circuit denied.
No. 448. Haskins Bros. & Co., petitioner, v. George W. O'Malley,
Individually, etc., et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United
States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Eighth Circuit denied.
No. 415. Ruth Orcutt, as Treasurer of Natrona County, Wyoming,
petitioner, v. L. R. Crawford and P. C. Spencer, as Receivers, etc. Pe-
tition for writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of
Appeals for the Tenth Circuit denied.
No. 416. J. F. Charlesworth, Trustee in Bankruptcy etc., peti-
tioner, v. Hipsh, Inc. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United
States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Eighth Circuit denied.
No. 427. American Pharmaceutical Company, Inc., petitioner, v.
Schering & Glatz, Inc. et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
Supreme Court of the State of New York denied.
No. 429. Edward A. Van Derveer, as Administrator, etc., petitioner,
v. The Delaware, Lackawanna and Western Railroad Company. Pe-
tition for writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of
Appeals for the Second Circuit denied.
No. 430. Kenneth Ketchum and A. R. Kiefer, petitioner, v. R. J.
MacDonald, Receiver of Conneaut Lake Company. Petition for writ
of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the
Third Circuit denied.
No. 431. Irving Trust Company, as Trustee in Bankruptcy of
Ganet Realty Corporation, petitioner, v. Metropolitan Life Insurance
Company. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit
Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit denied.
No. 432. Dixie Oil Company, petitioner, v. Dancey Fort, Commis-
sioner of Finance and Taxation of the State of Tennessee, et al. Peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of the State of
Tennessee denied.
No. 433. Erle Hudson, petitioner, v. Dancey Fort, Commissioner
of Finance and Taxation of the State of Tennessee, et al. Petition
for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of the State of Tennessee
dented.
No. 47. A. M. Marret, Administrator, etc., et al., petitioners, v. The
United States;
No. 56. Peerless Oil and Gas Company, petitioner, v. D. B. Heiner,
Collector of Internal Revenue, etc.;
No. 60. Anna Laura Barnett et al., petitioners, v. The United
States of America;

MONDAY, NOVEMBER 9, 1936
58
No. 67. Ceneral Fibre Products Co. et al., petitioners, v. H. H.
Hardin, et al.;
No. 83. Harry A. Ballf, petitioner, v. Harry T. Kranz, District
Manager, Twelfth United States Civil Service District, etc.;
No. 159. Leonard Weisman, petitioner, v. The United States of
America;
No. 210. Martin Engebretson, Trustee, etc., petitioner, v. John T.
Marcell, et al.;
No. 236. Massman Construction Company, petitioner, v. Thomas
Nelson;
No. 238. Columbia Casualty Company, petitioner, v. Industrial
Accident Commission, et al.;
No. 239. Columbia Casualty Company, petitioner, v. Industrial
Accident Commission, et al.;
No. 240. Columbia Casualty Company, petitioner, v. Industrial
Accident Commission, et al.;
No. 244. Mariano Cu Unjieng, petitioner, v. The People of the
Philippine Islands;
No. 269. Mary B. Lavely et al., petitioners, v. Young Women's
Christian Association of Pittsburgh, et al.;
No. 273. Sarah P. Suisman, petitioner, v. The Hartford-Connecti-
cut Trust Co., as Executor; and
No. 417. Ralph Eisenhardt, appellant, v. The State of Louisiana.
Petitions for rehearing denied.
The Chief Justice said:
"Mr. Justice Stone took no part in the consideration or decision of
the cases in which judgments or orders are this day announced."
No. 354. Caroline R. Kuehner et al., petitioners, v. Grayson M.-P.
Murphy et al., etc.;
No. 151. Mrs. John S. Meadows, petitioner, v. Irving Trust Com-
pany, as Trustee, etc., et al.; and
No. 260. City Bank Farmers Trust Company, petitioner, v. Irving
Trust Company, as Trustee, etc., et al. Motion to advance submitted
by Mr. William D. Whitney for the respondent, Irving Trust Com-
pany, as Trustee.
No. 221. James M. Landis et al., petitioners, v. The North Ameri-
can Company; and
No. 222. James M. Landis et al., petitioners, v. American Water
Works and Electric Company, Inc. Leave granted petitioners to file

MONDAY, NOVEMBER 9, 1936
59
reply brief by Thursday next. Argument commenced by Mr. Solici-
tor General Reed for the petitioners; continued by Mr. John C.
Higgins for the respondents; and concluded by Mr. Assistant Attor-
ney General Jackson for the petitioners.
'Adjourned until tomorrow at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Tuesday, November 10, will be as follows: Nos.
32, 28, 37, 38, 39, 49 (50 and 64), 55, 79, 226, and 372.
☑

J
Х
TUESDAY, NOVEMBER 10, 1936
60
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: The Chief Justice, Mr. Justice Van Devanter, Mr. Justice
McReynolds, Mr. Justice Brandeis, Mr. Justice Sutherland, Mr.
Justice Butler, Mr. Justice Roberts, and Mr. Justice Cardozo.
John J. Pringle, Jr., of Columbia, S. C.; Morris Feldman, of
Lawrenceburg, Ind.; Norman H. Samuelson, of New York City; Ben
Hill Brown, of Spartanburg, S. C.; Sawyer Thompson, of New York
City; W. J. McLeod, Jr., of Walterboro, S. C.; William McM. Rogers,
of Birmingham, Ala.; and William H. Pemberton, of Olympia,
Wash., were admitted to practice.
No. 32. Duke Power Company and Southern Public Utilities Com-
pany, petitioners, v. Greenwood County et al. Four hours allowed
for oral argument. Argument commenced by Mr. W. S. O'B. Robin-
son, Jr., for the petitioners; continued by Mr. Newton D. Baker for
the petitioners; by Mr. W. H. Nicholson and Mr. D. W. Robinson, Jr.,
for respondent Greenwood County et al.; by Mr. Jerome N. Frank ~
and Mr. Solicitor General Reed for respondent, Harold L. Ickes,
as Federal Emergency Administrator of Public Works; and concluded
by Mr. Newton D. Baker for the petitioners.
Adjourned until tomorrow at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Wednesday, November 11, will be as follows: Nos.
28, 37, 38 (and 39), 49 (50 and 64), 55, 79, 226, 372, 62 (and 63),
and 70.
97624-36-18

WEDNESDAY, NOVEMBER 11, 1936
61
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present The Chief Justice, Mr. Justice Van Devanter, Mr. Jus-
tice McReynolds, Mr. Justice Brandeis, Mr. Justice Sutherland,
Mr. Justice Butler, Mr. Justice Roberts, and Mr. Justice Cardozo.
John C. Crary, of New York City; James A. McGough, of New
York City; Benjamin Heffner, of New York City; Benjamin J.
Rabin, of New York City; Haim Margalith, of Minneapolis, Minn.;
Ida Taxin Fox, of Washington, D. C.; Henry P. Crawford, of
Washington, D. C.; and Joseph L. Freiman, of Union City, N. J.,
were admitted to practice.
No.
-
original. Ex parte: Ethel E. Gleason, petitioner. Mo-
tion for leave to file petition for writ of mandamus submitted by
Mr. Reynolds Robertson for the petitioner.
No. 141. Charles J. Hoeppel et al., petitioners, v. The United
States of America. Motion for further extension of time within
which to file petition for rehearing submitted by Mr. Jacob L.
Morewitz for the petitioners and the motion denied.
No. 28. KVOS, Inc., petitioner, v. The Associated Press. Argued
by Mr. William H. Pemberton for the petitioner, and by Mr. John
W. Davis for the respondent.
No. 38. Mountain States Power Company, appellant, v. Public
Service Commission of Montana et al.; and
No. 39. Mountain States Power Company, appellant, v. Public
Service Commission of Montana et al. Argued by Mr. Hance H.
Cleland for the appellant, and by Mr. Albert H. Angstman for the
appellees.
No. 37. The British-American Oil Producing Company, petitioner,
v. The Board of Equalization of the State of Montana. Argued
by Mr. H. C. Hall for the petitioner, and by Mr. Oscar A. Provost
for the respondent.
No. 49. W. H. H. Chamberlin, Inc., appellant, v. Elmer F.
Andrews, Industrial Commissioner of the State of New York, et al.;
No. 50. E. C. Stearns & Co., appellant, v. Elmer F. Andrews,
Industrial Commissioner of the State of New York, et al., and
97624-36-19

WEDNESDAY, NOVEMBER 11, 1936
62
No. 64. Associated Industries of New York State, Inc., appellant,
v. The Department of Labor of the State of New York et al. Four
and one-half hours allowed for oral argument. Argument com-
menced by Mr. Henry S. Fraser and continued by Mr. Frederick H.
Wood for the appellants.
Adjourned until tomorrow at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Thursday, November 12, will be as follows: Nos.
49 (50 and 64), 55, 79, 226, 372, 62 (and 63), 70, 74, 77, and 89.
☑

THURSDAY, NOVEMBER 12, 1936
63
33
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: The Chief Justice, Mr. Justice Van Devanter, Mr. Jus-
tice McReynolds, Mr. Justice Brandeis, Mr. Justice Sutherland, Mr.
Justice Butler, Mr. Justice Roberts, and Mr. Justice Cardozo.
Irving Breakstone, of Chicago, Ill.; W. H. Norvell, of Chatta-
nooga, Tenn.; Melbourne Begerman, of New York City; Ruth
Weyand, of Chicago, Ill.; Stanley J. Morris, of Chicago, Ill.; Jacob
Herzl Segal, of Chicago, Ill.; Mariano A. Erana, of Manila, P. I.;
William M. Kelly, of Chicago, Ill.; Stanley A. Weigel, of San
Francisco, Calif.; and Morton C. Haight, of Pitman, N. J., were
admitted to practice.
No. 49. W. H. H. Chamberlin, Inc., appellant, v. Elmer F. An-
drews, Industrial Commissioner of the State of New York, et al.;
No. 50. E. C. Stearns & Co., appellant, v. Elmer F. Andrews, In-
dustrial Commissioner of the State of New York, et al.; and
No. 64. Associated Industries of New York State, Inc., appellant,
v. The Department of Labor of the State of New York et al. Argu-
ment continued by Mr. Frederick H. Wood for the appellants; by
Mr. Henry Epstein for the appellees; and concluded by Mr. James
McCormick Mitchell for the appellants.
No. 55. The Pep Boys, Manny, Moe & Jack of California, appel-
lants, v. Pyroil Sales Company, Inc. Argued by Mr. John W. Davis
for the appellants and by Mr. Edward S. Rogers for the appellee.
No. 79. Clarence G. Kunsman, appellant, v. Max Factor & Co.
et al. Submitted by Mr. Jules C. Goldstone for the appellant and
by Mr. Edward S. Rogers, Mr. Stanley A. Weigel, and Mr. Karl D.
Loos for the appellees.
No. 226. Old Dearborn Distributing Company, appellant, v. Sea-
gram-Distillers Corporation. Argument commenced by Mr. Irving
Breakstone for the appellant and continued by Mr. Nicholas J.
Pritzker for the appellant, and by Mr. Richard Mayer for the
appellee.
Adjourned until tomorrow at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Friday, November 13, will be as follows: Nos.
226, 372, 62 (and 63), 70, 74, 77, 89, 97, 103, and 104.
97624-36-20
☑

FRIDAY, NOVEMBER 13, 1936
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
64
Present: The Chief Justice, Mr. Justice Van Devanter, Mr. Jus-
tice McReynolds, Mr. Justice Brandeis, Mr. Justice Sutherland, Mr.
Justice Butler, Mr. Justice Roberts, and Mr. Justice Cardozo.
D. Alexander Wieland, of Philadelphia, Pa.; Ray M. Foreman, of
Danville, Ill.; Hugh B. Fegan, of Elgin, Ill.; Arthur J. O'Rourke,
of New York City; Gerard M. Ungaro, of Chicago, Ill.; and Camp-
bell Thornal, of Orlando, Fla., were admitted to practice.
No. 226. Old Dearborn Distributing Company, appellant, v. Sea-
gram Distillers Corporation. Argument continued by Mr. Rich-
ard Mayer for the appellee and concluded by Mr. Irving Break-
stone for the appellant.
No. 372. Carl W. McNeil, Doing business as McNeil's Liquor
Store, appellant, v. Joseph Triner Corporation. Argued by Mr.
Stanford Clinton and Mr. J. Herzl Segal for the appellant, and by
Mr. Hamilton Moses for the appellee.
No. 62. The United States of America, appellant, v. Charles
Resnick et al., etc.; and
No. 63. The United States of America, appellant, v. The Acme
Can Company. Argued by Mr. Wm. W. Barron for the appellant,
and by Mr. D. Alexander Wieland for the appellees.
No. 70. The National Home for Disabled Volunteer Soldiers, etc.,
et al., petitioners, v. Harvey M. Wood, as Administrator, etc. Argu-
ment commenced by Mr. Assistant Attorney General Morris for the
petitioners.
Adjourned until Monday next at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Monday, November 16, will be as follows: Nos.
70, 74, 24 (25 and 26), 186 (and 187), 77, 97, 103, 104, 89,
and 98.
97624-36- -21

MONDAY, NOVEMBER 16, 1936
65
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: The Chief Justice, Mr. Justice Van Devanter, Mr. Justice
McReynolds, Mr. Justice Brandeis, Mr. Justice Sutherland, Mr.
Justice Butler, Mr. Justice Roberts, and Mr. Justice Cardozo.
Julius Granirer, of New York City; Leo K. Martus, of New York
City; Martin Schwaeber, of New York City; John G. Clarkson, of
Los Angeles, Calif.; Francis J. McNamara, of Washington, D. C.;
Eben Hutchinson, of Medford, Mass.; Wm. Elmer Brown, Jr., of
Atlantic City, N. J.; Wm. B. Hunter, of Atlantic City, N. J.; B.
Frank Watson, of Lincoln, Nebr.; Alfred Thompson, of Seattle,
Wash.; Thomas J. Coyle, of New York City; Alexander R. Lawton,
Jr., of Savannah, Ga.; John A. Platt, of Houston, Tex.; J. Marion
West, of Houston, Tex.; Clinton C. Small, of Amarillo, Tex.; Horace
C. Thurber, of Detroit, Mich.; Russell B. Jarvis, of Los Angeles,
Calif.; Talcott M. Banks, Jr., of Boston, Mass.; and Abraham Rosen-
burg, of Mount Vernon, N. Y., were admitted to practice.
The Chief Justice said:
"The orders of the Court appear upon the list certified by the Chief
Justice and filed with the Clerk and will not be announced orally."
No., original. Ex parte: C. M. Brummett, petitioner. The mo-
tion for leave to file a petition for writ of habeas corpus herein is
denied.
-
No. original. Ex parte: Ethel E. Gleason, petitioner. The
motion for leave to file a petition for writ of mandamus or prohibi-
tion herein is denied.
No. 354. Caroline R. Kuehner et al., etc., petitioners, v. Grayson
M.-P. Murphy et al., etc.;
No. 151. Mrs. John S. Meadows, petitioner, v. The Irving Trust
Company, as Trustee, etc., et al., and
No. 260. City Bank Farmers Trust Co., assignee, etc., petitioner,
v. Irving Trust Company, as Trustee, etc., et al. The motion of
respondent Irving Trust Company to advance these cases is granted
and the cases are advanced and assigned for argument on Monday,
December 14, next.
97624-36-22

MONDAY, NOVEMBER 16, 1936
66
No. 105. Lulu Mignon Murphy, petitioner, v. S. S. Murphy et al.,
On petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of the State
of California;
No. 489. Vivian Wycliffe Buie, petitioner, v. The United States
of America. On petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Circuit Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit; and
No. 506. Charles H. Greenhaus, petitioner, v. The United States
of America. On petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Circuit Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit. The motions for
leave to proceed further herein in forma pauperis are denied for the
reason that the Court, upon examination of the papers herein sub-
mitted, finds no ground upon which writs of certiorari should be
granted. The petitions for writs of certiorari are therefore also
denied.
No. 501. The Kroger Grocery & Baking Company, appellant, v.
Philip Lutz, Jr., as Attorney General of the State of Indiana, et al.
In this case probable jurisdiction is noted. The motion of appellant
to advance is granted and the case is advanced and assigned for
argument on Monday, December 7 next.
No. 436. Joseph E. Otis Estate Land Trust et al., petitioners, v.
Irving Trust Company, as Trustee, etc., et al. Petition for writ of
certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the
Second Circuit granted in relation to the nine claims enumerated on
page two of the petition for certiorari, being those involving qualified
releases, and the case is assigned for argument immediately follow-
ing Nos. 151 and 260.
No. 460. Charles Van Beeck, Administrator, etc., petitioner, v.
Sabine Towing Company, Inc., et al. Petition for writ of certiorari
to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit
granted, limited to the question whether the cause of action abated
with the death of the mother of Edward C. Van Beeck.
No. 440. The American Life Insurance Company, petitioner, v.
Reese Smith Stewart, junior, et al.; and
No. 441. The American Life Insurance Company, petitioner, v.
Ora Inez Stewart et al. Petition for writs of certiorari to the United
States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Tenth Circuit granted.
No. 442. Charles J. O'Connor et al., petitioners, v. A. Lawrence
Mills et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Cir-
cuit Court of Appeals for the Eighth Circuit granted.
No. 446. Aetna Life Insurance Company of Hartford, Connecti-
cut, petitioner, v. Edwin P. Haworth et al. Petition for writ of
certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the
Eighth Circuit granted.

MONDAY, NOVEMBER 16, 1936
67
No. 451. William Whitlock Brush, petitioner, v. Commissioner of
Internal Revenue. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United
States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit granted.
No. 437. Bush Terminal Company, petitioner, v. Preferred Stock-
holders Protective Committee, etc., et al.; and
No. 438. Bush Terminal Company, petitioner, v. Preferred Stock-
holders Protective Committee, etc., et al. Petition for writs of cer-
tiorari to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Second
Circuit denied. Mr. Justice McReynolds took no part in the consid-
eration or decision of this application.
No. 405. William I. Heffron, Trustee of the estate of Crown
Investment Company, Ltd. Bankrupt, petitioner, v. Western Loan
and Building Company et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit denied.
No. 424. The Armand Company, Inc., petitioner, v. Federal Trade
Commission. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Circuit Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit denied.
No. 435. Mary D. Jordahl, petitioner, v. James F. Egan, Public
Administrator, as Administrator etc., et al. Petition for writ of
certiorari to the Supreme Court of the State of New York denied.
No. 443. The State of Ohio, ex rel. George S. Van Schaick, as
Liquidator of the Southern Surety Co. of New York, petitioner, v.
Robert L. Bowen, as Superintendent of Insurance of the State of
Ohio. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of the
State of Ohio denied.
No. 445. John J. Flanigan, petitioner, v. Ditto, Incorporated.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of
Appeals for the Seventh Circuit denied.
No. 447. The United States of America, petitioner, v. Richard J.
Connolly et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Ap-
peals of the State of New York denied.
No. 452. Samuel L. Carpenter, Insurance Commissioner of the
State of California, etc., petitioner, v. Robin K. Nichols. Petition
for writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals
for the Eighth Circuit denied.
No. 457. George A. Breon and Company, Inc., petitioner, v. Wis-
consin Alumni Research Foundation. Petition for writ of certiorari
to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Eighth Circuit
denied.
No. 458. William Cogger, petitioner, v. Melvin C. Hazen, George
E. Allen, et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia denied.

MONDAY, NOVEMBER 16, 1936
68
No. 459. Sophia Brennan, Administratrix, et al., petitioners, v.
Sabine Towing Company, Inc., et al. Petition for writ of certiorari
to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit
denied.
No. 461. New York Life Insurance Company, petitioner, v.
Rebecca Weintrob. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United
States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Third Circuit denied.
No. 467. William W. Wilson, as Permanent Trustee, etc., peti-
tioner, v. Metropolitan Life Insurance Company; and
No. 468. William W. Wilson, as Permanent Trustee etc., peti-
tioner, v. Metropolitan Life Insurance Company. Petition for writs
of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the
Seventh Circuit denied.
No. 473. Merchants & Miners Transportation Company, as Owner
of SS "Grecian", and as Bailee etc., petitioner, v. SS "City of Chat-
tanooga" et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Circuit Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit denied.
No. 109. John A. Timmons et al., appellants, v. Security Savings
Bank of Marshalltown, Iowa;
No. 131. W. A. Denson et al., petitioners, v. Provident Mutual
Life Insurance Company of Philadelphia;
No. 141. Charles J. Hoeppel et al., petitioners, v. The United
States of America; and
No. 339. A. E. Krise, Receiver etc., petitioner, v. The United
States of America. Petitions for rehearing denied.
Mr. Justice Stone took no part in the consideration or decision of
the cases in which orders are this day announced.
ORDER
The Court will take a recess from Monday, November 23, to Mon-
day, December 7, next.
No. 180. Holyoke Water Power Company, petitioner, v. American
Writing Paper Company, Inc. Leave granted the United States to
file a brief and to participate in the oral argument as amicus curiae,
on motion of Mr. Assistant Attorney General Morris in that behalf.

MONDAY, NOVEMBER 16, 1936
69
No. 2 original. State of Vermont, complainant, v. State of New
Hampshire. Report of the Special Commissioner presented.
No. 70. The National Home for Disabled Volunteer Soldiers, Dan-
ville, Illinois, et al., petitioners, v. Harvey M. Wood, as Adminis-
trator etc. Argument continued by Mr. Assistant Attorney General
Morris for the petitioners; by Mr. Ray M. Foreman for the respond-
ent; and concluded by Mr. Assistant Attorney General Morris for
the petitioners.
No. 74. American Telephone and Telegraph Company et al.,
appellants, v. The United States of America et al. Three hours al-
lowed for oral argument. Argument commenced by Mr. William D.
Mitchell for the appellants, American Telephone & Telegraph Co.
and others; continued by Mr. Allen T. Klots, for the appellants, Ohio
Associated Telephone Co. and others; by Mr. Assistant Attorney
General Dickinson for the appellee, the United States; and by Mr.
John E. Benton for the appellee, National Association of Railroad
and Utilities Commissioners.
Adjourned until tomorrow at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Tuesday, November 17, will be as follows: Nos.
74, 24 (25 and 26), 186 (and 187), 77, 97, 103, 104, 89, 98, and
108.
☑

TUESDAY, NOVEMBER 17, 1936
70
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present The Chief Justice, Mr. Justice Van Devanter, Mr. Jus-
tice McReynolds, Mr. Justice Brandeis, Mr. Justice Sutherland,
Mr. Justice Butler, Mr. Justice Roberts, and Mr. Justice Cardozo.
Conrad C. Mount, of Oklahoma City, Okla.; Walter T. Stern, of
New York City; Daniel E. Martin, of Lowell, Mass.; Joseph J.
Hedrick, of Chicago, Ill.; Hugh B. Cox, of Washington, D. C.; Don
H. Culton, of Amarillo, Tex.; Frederick B. Wolf, of St. Louis, Mo.;
Harry Edelson, of Neptune, N. J.; Ralph S. Binns, of Detroit,
Mich.; Joseph K. Carson, Jr., of Portland, Oreg.; Harold P. Huls,
of Pasadena, Calif.; Barnet Hodes, of Chicago, Ill.; Jerome I.
Myers, of Scranton, Pa.; Ernest Feild Parkinson, of Washington,
D. C.; Fred Dennis, of Detroit Lakes, Minn.; and Dewey G. Archam-
bault, of Lowell, Mass., were admitted to practice.
No. 74. American Telephone and Telegraph Company et al.,
appellants, v. The United States of America et al. Argument con-
cluded by Mr. John E. Benton for the appellee, National Associa-
tion of Railroad and Utilities Commissioners, and case submitted by
Mr. Hampson Gary, Mr. Frank Roberson, and Mr. W. D. Humphrey
for appellee, Federal Communications Commission.
No. 26. Leonard Schafer, petitioner, v. Guy T. Helvering, Com-
missioner of Internal Revenue. Death of Leonard Schafer sug-
gested and Louis B. Tim and Adelina T. Schafer, Executors of the
estate of Leonard Schafer, substituted as party petitioners on motion
of Mr. Eugene Untermyer for the petitioners.
No. 24. Algernon S. Schafer, petitioner, v. Guy T. Helvering,
Commissioner of Internal Revenue;
No. 25. Edward Schafer, petitioner, v. Guy T. Helvering, Com-
missioner of Internal Revenue; and
No. 26. Louis B. Tim and Adelina T. Schafer, Executors, etc.,
petitioners, v. Guy T. Helvering, Commissioner of Internal Revenue.
Argued by Mr. Eugene Untermyer for the petitioners, and by Mr.
Assistant Attorney General Jackson for the respondent.
No. 186. Guy T. Helvering, Commissioner of Internal Revenue,
petitioner, v. Albert Fried; and
97624-36--23

TUESDAY, NOVEMBER 17, 1936
71
No. 187. Guy T. Helvering, Commissioner of Internal Revenue,
petitioner, v. Benjamin Einhorn. Argued by Mr. Assistant At-
torney General Jackson for the petitioner and by Mr. John J. Curtin
for the respondents.
No. 77. Harriet C. Binney et al., appellants, v. Henry F. Long,
Commissioner of Corporations and Taxation of the Commonwealth
of Massachusetts. Argued by Mr. Talcott M. Banks, Jr., for the
appellants, and by Mr. James J. Ronan for the appellee.
No. 97. The United States, petitioner, v. Percy K. Hudson. Argu-
ment commenced by Mr. Assistant Attorney General Jackson for
the petitioner.
Adjourned until tomorrow at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Wednesday, November 18, will be as follows: Nos.
97, 103, 104, 89, 98, 108, 138, 139, 146, and 161 (162 and 163).

WEDNESDAY, NOVEMBER 18, 1936
72
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: The Chief Justice, Mr. Justice McReynolds, Mr. Justice
Brandeis, Mr. Justice Sutherland, Mr. Justice Butler, Mr. Justice
Roberts, and Mr. Justice Cardozo.
Jacques P. Adoue, of Houston, Tex.; Robert D. Shea, of New York
City; Theodore S. Hope, Jr., of New York City; Francis A. Mc-
Carron, of Philadelphia, Pa.; Harold James Kress, of Yonkers,
N. Y.; Marland Gale, of New York City; Joseph Anthony Panuch,
of New York City; Charles H. Just, of Washington, D. C.; and
James F. Dealy, of New York, City, were admitted to practice.
No. 146. John Hancock Mutual Life Insurance Company, peti-
tioner, v. Mrs. Edna K. Yates. Submitted by Mr. Alex W. Smith,
Jr., and Mr. Bryon K. Elliott for the petitioner. and by Mr. Edgar
Watkins for the respondent.
No. 97. The United States, petitioner, v. Percy K. Hudson. Argu-
ment continued by Mr. Bernhard Knollenberg for the respondent,
and concluded by Mr. Assistant Attorney General Jackson for the
petitioner.
No. 103. District of Columbia, petitioner, v. Ethel Clawans.
Argued by Mr. Raymond Sparks for the petitioner, and by Mr.
Seth W. Richardson for the respondent.
No. 104. The Prairie Farmer Publishing Company et al., peti-
tioners, v. The Indiana Farmer's Guide Publishing Company.
Argued by Mr. Maxwell V. Beghtol for the petitioners, and by Mr.
U. S. Lesh and Mr. Eben Lesh for the respondent.
No. 89. Ernest O. Thompson, C. V. Terrell, et al., appellants, v.
Consolidated Gas Utilities Corporation et al. Argument commenced
by Mr. Wm. Madden Hill for the appellants.
Adjourned until tomorrow at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Thursday, November 19, will be as follows: Nos.
89, 98, 138, 108, 155, and 172.
97624-36-24
Х

THURSDAY, NOVEMBER 19, 1936
73
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: The Chief Justice, Mr. Justice Van Devanter, Mr. Justice
McReynolds, Mr. Justice Brandeis, Mr. Justice Sutherland, Mr.
Justice Butler, Mr. Justice Roberts, and Mr. Justice Cardoza.
Henry L. Grosken, of Newark, N. J.; Edmond C. Moriarty, of
Newark, N. J.; E. Newell DeGurse, of Port Huron, Mich.; Jules L.
Brady, of Chicago, Ill.; Henry M. Channing, of Boston, Mass.; and
Charlton Ogburn, of New York City, were admitted to practice.
No. 89. Ernest O. Thompson, C. V. Terrell et al., appellants, v.
Consolidated Gas Utilities Corporation et al. Argument continued
by Mr. Wm. Madden Hill for the appellants; by Mr. S. A. L. Morgan
for the appellees; and concluded by Mr. C. C. Small for the appellants.
No. 98. The United States of America, appellant, v. Curtiss-
Wright Export Corporation et al. Three hours allowed for oral.
argument. Argument commenced by Mr. Martin Conboy for the
appellant, and continued by Mr. George Z. Medalie for the appellees.
Adjourned until tomorrow at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Friday, November 20, will be as follows: Nos.
98, 138, and 155.
97624-36-25

FRIDAY, NOVEMBER 20, 1936
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
74
Present: The Chief Justice, Mr. Justice Van Devanter, Mr.
Justice McReynolds, Mr. Justice Brandeis, Mr. Justice Sutherland,
Mr. Justice Butler, Mr. Justice Roberts, and Mr. Justice Cardozo.
Jose Ramon Quinones, of San Juan, P. R.; Henriette W. Steineg-
ger, of San Francisco, Calif.; S. Austin Wier, of Dallas, Tex.; J. Ira
Harrelson, of Atlanta, Ga.; Raymond T. Senior, of Salt Lake City,
Utah; Joseph F. Rosenfield, of Des Moines, Iowa; Paul Jones, of
New York City; Maurice A. Gilsey, of New York City; and Charles
T. Malone, of Chevy Chase, Md., were admitted to practice.
No. 98. The United States of America, appellant, v. Curtiss-
Wright Export Corporation et al. Argument continued by Mr.
George Z. Medalie and Mr. William Wallace for the appellees, and
concluded by Mr. Martin Conboy for the appellant.
No. 138. Kentucky Whip and Collar Company, petitioner, v.
Illinois Central Railroad Company. Argued by Mr. Charles I. Daw-
son for the petitioner; by Mr. John Blakey Helm for the respond-
ent; and by Mr. Assistant Attorney General Dickinson for the
United States as amicus curiae, by special leave of Court.
No. 155. Employers Reinsurance Corporation, petitioner, v. Ran-
dolph Bryant, United States District Judge, etc. Argued by Mr.
Jacques P. Adoue for the petitioner. No brief for the respondent.
Adjourned until Monday, November 23 next, at 12 o'clock.
97624-36-26
×
"

MONDAY, NOVEMBER 23, 1936
75
75
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: The Chief Justice, Mr. Justice Van Devanter, Mr. Justice
Brandeis, Mr. Justice Sutherland, Mr. Justice Butler, Mr. Justice
Roberts, and Mr. Justice Cardozo.
Anne E. Freeling, of Lawrence, Mass.; I. Fontaine Davison, of
Arlington, Va.; James H. Brewster, Jr., of Weston, W. Va.; Wm. W.
Dawson, of Cleveland, Ohio; Joseph N. Hassett, of St. Louis, Mo.;
and Francis Samuel Gettle, of Stuttgart, Ark., were admitted to
practice.
The Chief Justice announced the following order of the Court:
No. 49. W. H. H. Chamberlin, Inc., appellant, v. Elmer F.
Andrews, Industrial Commissioner of the State of New York, et al.;
No. 50. E. C. Stearns & Co., appellant, v. Elmer F. Andrews,
Industrial Commissioner of the State of New York, et al.; and
No. 64. Associated Industries of New York State, Inc., appel-
lant, v. The Department of Labor of the State of New York et al.
Appeals from the Supreme Court of the State of New York. Per
curiam: The judgments in these cases are severally affirmed by an
equally divided Court.
The Chief Justice said:
"The other orders of the Court appear upon the list certified by the
Chief Justice and filed with the Clerk and will not be announced
orally."
No., original. Ex parte: James J. Walter, petitioner. The mo-
tion for leave to file petition for writ of habeas corpus herein is
denied.
No. 2, original. State of Vermont, complainant, v. State of New
Hampshire. The report of Special Commissioner herein is received
and ordered filed.
No. 474. Angelo Herndon, appellant, v. J. I. Lowry, Sheriff etc.;
No. 475. Angelo Herndon, appellant, v. J. I. Lowry, Sheriff, etc.;
and
No. 494. Swayne and Hoyt, Ltd., et al., appellants, v. The United
States of America. In these cases probable jurisdiction is noted.
97624-36-27

MONDAY, NOVEMBER 23, 1936
76
No. 491. City of Holton, appellant, v. Kansas State Bank, Holton,
Kansas, et al. Further consideration of the question of the jurisdic-
tion of this Court in this case and of the motion to dismiss is post-
poned to the hearing of the case on the merits.
No. 511. John Sanacory, petitioner, v. The People of the State of
New York. On petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court
of the State of New York; and
No. 515. Jack La Vers, petitioner, v. The Supreme Court of the
State of California. On petition for writ of certiorari to the Su-
preme Court of the State of California. The motions for leave to
proceed further herein in forma pauperis are denied for the reason
that the Court, upon examination of the papers herein submitted, find
no ground upon which writs of certiorari should be granted. The
petitions for writs of certiorari are therefore also denied.
No. 449. Marrs McLean, petitioner, v. Goodyear Tire & Rubber
Co., Inc. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit
Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 463. Hammond Lumber Company, Owner, etc., petitioner, v.
Broughton & Wiggins Navigation Company, Claimant, etc. Petition
for writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals
for the Ninth Circuit denied.
No. 465. Crown Central Petroleum Corporation, petitioner, v.
Consolidated Oil Company of Houston, Texas. Petition for writ of
certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Fifth
Circuit denied.
No. 466. Authur Spero and Thomas Simkoff, petitioners, v. The
United States of America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Eighth Circuit
denied.
No. 472. Elmer Johnson, petitioner, v. Edward J. Hughes, Indi-
vidually, etc., et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United
States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Seventh Circuit denied.
No. 476. Charles D. Beckwith et al., petitioners, v. Marion W.
McCarter et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court
of the State of New York denied.
No. 477. The Harriman National Bank and Trust Company of the
City of New York et al., etc., petitioners, v. Charles A. Munroe. Peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of
Appeals for the Second Circuit denied.
No. 482. E. I. DuPont De Nemours & Company, Inc., petitioners,
v. Waxed Products Co., Inc. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit
denied.
!
i
1.

х
MONDAY, NOVEMBER 23, 1936
77
No. 484. Max Rothfeld, petitioner, v. 333 North Michigan Avenue
Building Corporation et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Seventh Circuit
denied.
No. 485. Lottie G. Brenner, petitioner, v. 333 North Michigan
Avenue Building Corporation et al.; and
No. 486. Lottie G. Brenner, petitioner, v. 333 North Michigan
Building Corporation et al. Petition for writs of certiorari to the
United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Seventh Circuit
denied.
No. 487. Annie Sherman et al., petitioners, v. 333 North Michigan
Avenue Building Corporation et al.; and
No. 488. Annie Sherman et al., petitioners, v. 333 North Michigan
Avenue Building Corporation et al. Petition for writs of certiorari
to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Seventh Cir-
cuit denied.
No. 12. Pick Manufacturing Company, petitioner, v. General
Motors Corporation et al.;
No. 353. Helen M. Torinus, appellant, v. Roy F. Johnson, The
Auditor of Washington County, Minnesota, et al.; and
No. 434. Mrs. Inez Abel et al., petitioners, v. Ed Kennedy et al.
Petitions for rehearing denied.
}
'
The Chief Justice said:
"Mr. Justice Stone took no part in the consideration or decision of
the cases in which judgments or orders are this day announced."
No. 202. October Term, 1935. Robert G. Stone et al., etc., peti-
tioners, v. Thomas W. White, Former Collector of Internal Revenue,
etc. Motion for further extension of time within which to file peti-
tion for rehearing submitted by Mr. Frederick A. Ballard for the
petitioners.
Adjourned until Monday, December 7, at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Monday, December 7, will be as follows: Nos.
501, 20, 100, 108, 123, 125, 139, 161 (162 and 163), 172, and 175.

MONDAY, DECEMBER 7, 1936
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
78
Present: The Chief Justice, Mr. Justice Van Devanter, Mr. Jus-
tice McReynolds, Mr. Justice Brandeis, Mr. Justice Sutherland, Mr.
Justice Butler, Mr. Justice Roberts, and Mr. Justice Cardozo.
Harold H. Shaller, of Washington, D. C.; Laurence A. Knapp, of
Washington, D. C.; Thomas I. Emerson, of Washington, D. C.;
Louis G. Lange, Jr., of Washington, D. C.; Joseph O. Hoffmann, of
Indianapolis, Ind.; James Turner, of Detroit, Mich.; John Maktos,
of Detroit, Mich.; Bryon G. Rogers, of Las Animas, Colo.; Sydney
P. Simons, of Bridgeport, Conn.; Arthur B. Weiss, of Bridgeport,
Conn.; Jacob W. Friedman, of New York City; Joseph L. Weiner,
of New York City; Frederick E. Campbell, of Kansas City, Mo.;
William C. Michaels, of Kansas City, Mo.; Walter H. Maloney, of
Kansas City, Mo.; Joseph G. Carey, of Wichita, Kans.; Eugene Bal-
lard, Jr., of Montgomery, Ala.; John K. Hagopian, of San Fran-
cisco, Calif.; Clyde S. Bailey, of Washington, D. C.; Ralph R.
Hawxhurst, of Chicago, Ill.; and Harry Seward Stark, of Chicago,
Ill., were admitted to practice.
No. 74. American Telephone and Telegraph Company et al., ap-
pellants, v. The United States of America, Federal Communications
Commission, et al. Appeal from the District Court of the United
States for the Southern District of New York. Decree affirmed.
Opinion by Mr. Justice Cardozo.
No. 221. James M. Landis et al., petitioners, v. The North
American Company; and
No. 222. James M. Landis et al., petitioners, v. American Water
Works and Electric Company, Incorporated. On writs of certiorari
to the United States Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia.
Decrees of the United States Court of Appeals for the District of
Columbia reversed, the orders of the District Court vacated, and
cases remanded to the District Court of the United States for the
District of Columbia to determine the motions for stay in accord-
ance with the principles laid down in the opinion of this Court.
Opinion by Mr. Justice Cardozo. Mr. Justice McReynolds concurs
in the result.
97624-36-28

MONDAY, DECEMBER 7, 1936
79
No. 18. M. J. Pufahl, as Receiver of the Austin National Bank of
Chicago, petitioner, v. Estate of Elvira J. Parks, deceased. On writ
of certiorari to the Appellate Court, First District, State of Illinois.
Judgment affirmed with costs. Opinion by Mr. Justice Roberts.
No. 41. The United States, petitioner, v. Robert Esnault-Pelterie.
On writ of certiorari to the Court of Claims. Judgment vacated and
cause remanded to said court for such proceedings in harmony with
the opinion of this Court as the Court of Claims may determine, and
with instructions that it specifically find whether plaintiff's patent
in suit was valid and, if found valid, whether it was infringed by the
defendant. Opinion by Mr. Justice Butler.
No. 62. The United States of America, appellant, v. Charles
Resnick and Joseph Resnick, partners, trading as L. Resnick and
Sons; and
No. 63. The United States of America, appellant, v. The Acme
Can Company. Appeals from the District Court of the United States
for the Eastern District of Pennsylvania. Judgments affirmed.
Opinion by Mr. Justice Butler.
No. 70. The National Home for Disabled Volunteer Soldiers,
Danville, Illinois, et al., petitioners, v. Harvey M. Wood, as Adminis-
trator of the Estate of Walter Searles, deceased. On writ of certi-
orari to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Seventh
Circuit. Judgment affirmed and cause remanded to the District
Court of the United States for the Eastern District of Illinois.
Opinion by Mr. Justice Butler.
No. 226. Old Dearborn Distributing Company, appellant, v. Sea-
gram-Distillers Corporation; and
No. 372. Carl W. McNeil, Doing Business as McNeil's Liquor
Store, appellant, v. Joseph Triner Corporation. Appeals from the
Supreme Court of the State of Illinois. Decrees affirmed with costs.
Opinion by Mr. Justice Sutherland.
No. 55. The Pep Boys, Manny, Moe & Jack, of California, appel-
lants, v. Pyroil Sales Company, Inc.; and
No. 79. Clarence G. Kunsman, appellant, v. Max Factor & Co.,
and Sales Builders, Inc. Appeals from the Supreme Court of the
State of California. Decrees affirmed with costs. Opinion by Mr.
Justice Sutherland.
No. 146. John Hancock Mutual Life Insurance Company, peti-
tioner, v. Mrs. Edna K. Yates. On writ of certiorari to the Supreme
Court of the State of Georgia. Judgment reversed with costs and
cause remanded to the said Supreme Court for further proceedings
not inconsistent with the opinion of this Court. Opinion by Mr.
Justice Brandeis.
1
1

MONDAY, DECEMBER 7, 1936
80
No. 38. Mountain States Power Company, appellant, v. Public
Service Commission of Montana; and
No. 39. Mountain States Power Company, appellant, v. Public
Service Commission of Montana et al. Appeals from the District
Court of the United States for the District of Montana. Decrees
reversed with costs and cases remanded to the said District Court
for further proceedings in conformity with the opinion of this Court.
Opinion by Mr. Justice McReynolds.
No. 24. Algernon S. Schafer, petitioner, v. Guy T. Helvering, Com-
missioner of Internal Revenue;
No. 25. Edward Schafer, petitioner, v. Guy T. Helvering, Com-
missioner of Internal Revenue; and
No. 26. Louis B. Tim et al., Executors etc., petitioners, v. Guy T.
Helvering, Commissioner of Internal Revenue. On writs of certio-
rari to the United States Court of Appeals for the District of Colum-
bia. Judgments affirmed, and cases remanded to the said Court of
Appeals. Opinion by Mr. Justice McReynolds.
No. 186. Guy T. Helvering, Commissioner of Internal Revenue,
petitioner, v. Albert Fried; and
No. 187. Guy T. Helvering, Commissioner of Internal Revenue,
petitioner, v. Benjamin Einhorn. On writs of certiorari to the
United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit.
Judgments affirmed and cases remanded to the said Circuit Court of
Appeals. Opinion by Mr. Justice McReynolds.
No. 37. The British-American Oil Producing Company, petitioner,
v. The Board of Equalization of the State of Montana et al. On
writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of the State of Montana.
Judgment affirmed with costs. Opinion by Mr. Justice Van Devanter.
No. 4. Frank M. McKey, Trustee in Bankruptcy, petitioner, v.
Maurice Paradise, as Trustee; and
No. 5. Frank M. McKey, Trustee in Bankruptcy, petitioner, v.
Maurice Paradise, as Trustee. On writs of certiorari to the United
States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Seventh Circuit. Decrees of
the Circuit Court of Appeals reversed with costs and the decree of
the District Court of the United States for the Northern District
of Illinois affirmed, and cases remanded to the said District Court
for further proceedings in conformity with the opinion of this Court.
Opinion by Mr. Chief Justice Hughes.
No. 34. The United States of America, petitioner, v. Raymond
Wood. On writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the District of Columbia. Judgment of the United States Court
of Appeals reversed and judgment of conviction affirmed and cause
remanded to the District Court of the United States for the District

MONDAY, DECEMBER 7, 1936
81
of Columbia for further proceedings in conformity with the opinion
of this Court. Opinion by Mr. Chief Justice Hughes. Dissenting:
Mr. Justice McReynolds, Mr. Justice Sutherland, and Mr. Justice
Butler.
No. 54. Bessie Villa and Max Peterson, appellants, v. George S.
Van Schaick, Superintendent of Insurance of the State of New York.
Appeal from the Supreme Court of the State of New York. Judg-
ment vacated without costs to either party in this Court and cause
remanded to the said Supreme Court for further proceedings not
inconsistent with the opinion of this Court. Opinion, per curiam,
announced by Mr. Chief Justice Hughes.
No. 104. The Prairie Farmer Publishing Company, Wallace Pub-
lishing Company, et al., petitioners, v. The Indiana Farmer's Guide
Publishing Company. On writ of certiorari to the United States
Circuit Court of Appeals for the Seventh Circuit. Judgment reversed
with costs and cause remanded to the said Circuit Court of Appeals
for further proceedings in conformity with the opinion of this Court.
Opinion, per curiam, announced by Mr. Chief Justice Hughes.
The Chief Justice announced the following order of the Court:
No. 516. Union Building Corporation, appellant, v. E. A. Conway,
Secretary, State of Louisiana. Appeal from the Supreme Court of
the State of Louisiana. Per curiam: The motion of the appellee to
dismiss the appeal is granted, and the appeal is dismissed for the want
of a substantial federal question. Southwestern Oil Co. v. Texas, 217
U. S. 114, 121–124; Singer Sewing Machine Co. v. Brickell, 233 U. S.
304, 315; Tax Commissioners v. Jackson, 283 U. S. 527, 537–542; First
National Bank v. Tax Commission, 289 U. S. 60, 63–64; Puget Sound
Co. v. Seattle, 291 U. S. 619, 626.
The Chief Justice said:
"The other orders of the Court appear upon the list certified by the
Chief Justice and filed with the Clerk and will not be announced
orally."
No.
-
original. Ex parte: Frank Cassel, petitioner. The motion
for leave to file petition for writ of habeas corpus is denied.
No., original. Ex parte: Harry Clark, petitioner. A rule is
ordered to issue, returnable within thirty days from this date, requir-
ing the respondent to show cause why leave to file the petition for
writ of habeas corpus should not be granted.
No., original. Ex parte: Gene McCann, petitioner. The motion
for leave to file petition for writ of mandamus is denied.
No. In Re Disbarment of Louis Fried. It having been reported
to the Court that Louis Fried, of Washington, D. C., a member of the
bar of this Court, has been disbarred from the practice of the law in
the District Court of the United States for the District of Columbia;

MONDAY, DECEMBER 7, 1936
82
It is ordered that the said Louis Fried be, and he is hereby, sus-
pended from the practice of the law in this Court, and that a rule
issue returnable within forty (40) days requiring the said Louis Fried
to show cause why he should not be disbarred from the practice of the
law in this Court.
No. 202. October Term, 1935. Robert G. Stone et al., etc., peti-
tioners, v. Thomas W. White, Former Collector of Internal Revenue,
etc. The motion for a further extension of time within which to file
petition for rehearing is denied. The petition for rehearing is also
denied.
No. 74. American Telephone and Telegraph Company et al., appel-
lants, v. The United States of America et al. The motion of ap-
pellants for leave to file a supplemental brief is granted as of the
27th day of November 1936.
No. 27. Guy T. Helvering, Commissioner of Internal Revenue,
petitioner, v. Illinois Life Insurance Company. It is ordered that
the sentence in the second paragraph of the opinion delivered in this
cause on November 9, 1936, which is as follows: "That provision is a
reenactment of Sec. 245 (a) (2), Revenue Act of 1921, which in Hel-
vering v. Insurance Co. we held not to apply to assets reserved by a
life insurance company against unmatured, unsurrendered, and un-
paid coupons attached to its policies", be amended by striking there-
from the word “unmatured" and inserting in its place the word
“matured.”
The petition for rehearing is denied.
No. 536. Samuel Steinberg, petitioner, v. Homer C. Cummings, as
Attorney General, et al. On petition for writ of certiorari to the
United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Third Circuit; and
No. 544. Gene McCann, petitioner, v. Hon. Vincent L. Leibell,
Judge of the United States District Court for the Southern District
of New York, et al. On petition for writ of certiorari to the United
States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit. The motions
for leave to proceed further herein in forma pauperis are denied for
the reason that the Court, upon examination of the papers herein
submitted, finds no ground upon which writs of certiorari should be
granted. The petitions for writs of certiorari are therefore also
denied.
No. 500. Guy S. Martin, petitioner, v. National Surety Company
et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit
Court of Appeals for the Eighth Circuit granted.
No. 505. The Atchison, Topeka and Santa Fe Railway Company,
petitioner, v. William W. Scarlett. Petition for writ of certiorari to
the Supreme Court of the State of California granted.

MONDAY, DECEMBER 7, 1936
83
No. 285. United States ex relatione, Girard Trust Company, Trus-
tee, etc., petitioner, v. Guy T. Helvering, Commissioner of Internal
Revenue. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court
of Appeals for the District of Columbia denied.
No. 462. Guy T. Helvering, Commissioner of Internal Revenue,
petitioner, v. Francis J. Kelly, Executor, etc. Petition for writ of
certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the
Seventh Circuit denied.
No. 470. The United States of America, petitioner, v. Steamship
"Papoose", her engines, etc., et al.; and
No. 471. The United States of America, petitioner, v. Petroleum
Navigation Company. Petition for writs of certiorari to the United
States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit denied.
No. 478. J. P. Morgan & Company, petitioner, v. Missouri Pacific
Railroad Company, Debtor, et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to
the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Eighth Circuit
denied.
No. 480. Sewell L. Avery, petitioner, v. Commissioner of Internal
Revenue; and
No. 481. Sewell L. Avery, petitioner, v. Commissioner of Internal
Revenue. Petition for writs of certiorari to the United States Cir-
cuit Court of Appeals for the Seventh Circuit denied.
No. 490. J. W. Feak, petitioner, v. The Marion Steam Shovel
Company. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Cir-
cuit Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit denied.
No. 492. James Virdone, as Trustee, etc., petitioner, v. Dows
Estate, Inc., et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United
States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit denied.
No. 493. Missouri-Kansas-Texas Railroad Company, petitioner, v.
Melvin M. Good, Administrator, etc. Petition for writ of certiorari
to the Supreme Court of the State of Missouri denied.
No. 498. Stephen L. Stetson Company, Ltd., et al., petitioners, v.
John B. Stetson Company. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit
denied.
No. 502. United States Savings Bank and Wade H. Cooper, peti-
tioners, v. Henry Morgenthau, Jr., Secretary of the Treasury, et al.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the District of Columbia denied.
No. 514. Benjamin J. Spang, etc., petitioner, v. Fred A. Gossnell,
Jesse T. Nicholas, et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United
States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Third Circuit denied.
A

MONDAY, DECEMBER 7, 1936
84
No. 495. Louis Fierman, Jr., alias Louie Fierman, Jr., petitioner, v.
The United States of America;
No. 496. Abe Fierman, petitioner, v. The United States of America;
and
No. 497. Joseph Pallis, alias Joe Pallis, petitioner, v. The United
States of America. Petition for writs of certiorari to the United
States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Third Circuit denied.
No. 499. Hartridge-Cannon Company et al., petitioners, v. J. W.
Gillespie, L. F. Rodgers, et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 503. William S. Moore, petitioner, v. Chicago Mercantile Ex-
change et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Circuit Court of Appeals for the Seventh Circuit denied.
No. 504. James E. Bennett, Frank A. Miller, et al., petitioners, v.
Board of Trade of the City of Chicago et al. Petition for writ of
certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the
Seventh Circuit denied.
No. 508. Guy T. Helvering, Commissioner of Internal Revenue,
petitioner, v. William W. Vaughan. Petition for writ of certiorari to
the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit
denied.
No. 510. Walter E. Meyer, Arthur M. Hess, et al., petitioners, v.
The Kansas City Southern Railway Company et al. Petition for
writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for
the Second Circuit denied. Mr. Justice Cardozo took no part in the
consideration and decision of this application.
No. 517. John J. Flanigan, petitioner, v. Ditto, Incorporated. Pe-
tition for writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of
Appeals for the Seventh Circuit denied.
No. 518. South Atlantic Steamship Company of Delaware, peti-
tioner, v. Frank Munkacsy. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
Supreme Court of the State of Delaware denied.
No. In Re Disbarment of Holmes Hall;
No. 2. Jean Bourdieu, petitioner, v. Pacific Western Oil Company
et al.;
No. 10. Joseph H. Barwise et al., appellants, v. George H. Shep-
pard, as Comptroller of the State of Texas, et al.;
No. 11. L. P. Chisholm, Waller Holladay, et al., petitioners, v.
W. B. Gilmer, Receiver, etc.; and
No. 22. State Board of Equalization of the State of California
et al., appellants, v. Young's Market Company et al.;
No. 271. In the Matter of 620 Church Street Building Corporation
et al., petitioners;

MONDAY, DECEMBER 7, 1936
85
No. 384. S. H. Kress & Company et al., appellants, v. Ed. C. John-
son, as Governor of the State of Colorado;
No. 386. Thomas J. Wood, petitioner, v. The United States of
America;
No. 425. Edgar W. Bassick, petitioner, v. Commissioner of In-
| ternal Revenue; and
No. 426. Jessie S. Perkins, petitioner, v. Commissioner of Internal
Revenue. Petitions for rehearing denied.
ORDER
It is ordered that Rule 2 of the Rules of this Court be, and it is
hereby, amended, effective February 1, 1937, so as to read as follows:
1. It shall be requisite to the admission of attorneys or counsellors
to practice in this court, that they shall have been such for three
years past in the highest court of a State, Territory, District, or
Insular Possession, and that their private and professional characters
shall appear to be good.
2. Not less than two weeks in advance of application for admis-
sion, each applicant shall file with the clerk (1) a certificate from
the presiding judge or clerk of the proper court showing that he
possesses the foregoing qualifications, (2) his personal statement
under oath setting out the date and place of his birth, the names of
his parents, his place of residence and office address, the courts of
last resort to which he has been admitted, the places where he has
been a practitioner, and, if he is not a native-born citizen, the date
and place of his naturalization, and information respecting any
reprimand of any court pertaining to his conduct or fitness as a
member of the bar, and (3) two letters or signed statements of mem-
bers of the bar of this court, not related to the applicant, who are
resident practitioners within the State, Territory, District, or Insular
Possession (to which the application refers as provided in para-
graph 1 of this rule) stating that the applicant is personally known
to them, that he possesses all the qualifications required for admis-
sion to the bar of this court, that they have examined his personal
statement and that they affirm that his personal and professional
character and standing are good.
3. Admissions will be granted only upon oral motion by a member
of the bar in open court, and upon his assurance that he has exam-
ined the credentials of the applicant filed in the office of the clerk in
accordance with the foregoing requirement and that he is satisfied
that the applicant possesses the necessary qualifications.
4
.

MONDAY, DECEMBER 7, 1936
The Chief Justice said:
86
"Mr. Justice Stone took no part in the consideration or decision of
the cases in which judgments or orders are this day announced."
No. 537. Ella H. Tinkoff, petitioner, v. Chicago Title and Trust
Company, as Trustee, et al. Motion to waive rule as to printing
record submitted by Mr. Paysoff Tinkoff for the petitioner.
No. 501. The Kroger Grocery & Baking Company, appellant, v.
Philip Lutz, Jr., as Attorney General of the State of Indiana, et al.
Argued by Mr. Robert S. Marx for the appellant. The Court declined
to hear further argument.
No. 20. Great Northern Railway Company, appellant, v. State of
Washington. Argument commenced by Mr. Thomas Balmer for the
appellant and continued by Mr. George G. Hannan for the appellee.
Adjourned until tomorrow at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Tuesday, December 8, will be as follows: Nos.
20, 100, 108, 123, 125, 139, 161 (162 and 163), 172, 175, and 180.
Х
97624-36-29
it

TUESDAY, DECEMBER 8, 1936
87
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: The Chief Justice, Mr. Justice McReynolds, Mr. Justice
Brandeis, Mr. Justice Sutherland, Mr. Justice Butler, Mr. Justice
Roberts, and Mr. Justice Cardozo.
Maurice E. Tarshis, of Portland, Oreg.; Andrew M. Hood, of
Washington, D. C.; Henry H. Byrne, of Washington, D. C.; Frances
Williamson Lehrich, of New York City; Charles Wilbur Boand, of
Kansas City, Mo.; Austin J. Tobin, of New York City: James R.
Bain, of Portland, Oreg.; Theron Bertram Hamilton, of Pittsburgh.
Pa.; Raymond F. Garrity, of Washington, D. C.; Moses Carl Levine,
of New York City; David Morgulas, of New York City; Wilbur A.
Toner, of Walla Walla, Wash.; Charles Z. Walker, of Long Beach,
Calif.; William Lipscomb, of Dallas, Tex.; J. Frederic Burns, of
Houlton, Me.; Homer Holt, of Chicago, Ill.; John K. Maddin, of
Nashville, Tenn.; Francis E. Dugan, of Omaha, Nebr.; Wm. A.
Moncure, of Alexandria, Va.; and F. B. Freeland, of New Orleans,
La., were admitted to practice.
No. 180. Holyoke Water Power Company, petitioner, v. American
Writing Paper Company, Inc. Motion for leave to file brief of Paul
Bakewell, Jr., as amicus curiae and to participate in the oral argu-
ment submitted by Mr. Paul Bakewell, Jr., and the motion denied.
No. 20. Great Northern Railway Company, appellant, v. State of
Washington. Argument continued by Mr. George G. Hannan for
the appellee and concluded by Mr. L. B. daPonte for the appellant.
No. 100. W. P. Brown & Sons Lumber Company et al., petitioners,
v. Louisville & Nashville Railroad Company et al. Argued by Mr.
J. V. Norman for the petitioners, and by Mr. Elmer A. Smith for
the respondents.
No. 108. The North American Cement Corporation, appellant, v.
Mark Graves et al., etc. Argued by Mr. Henry S. Manley and Mr.
Charles J. Tobin for the appellant, and by Mr. Wendell P. Brown
for the appellees.
Adjourned until tomorrow at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Wednesday, December 9, will be as follows: Nos.
123, 125, 139, 161 (162 and 163), 172, 175, 180, 207 (208 and
209), 212, and 214.
97624-36-30
✓

WEDNESDAY, DECEMBER 9, 1936
88
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: The Chief Justice, Mr. Justice Van Devanter, Mr. Justice
McReynolds, Mr. Justice Brandeis, Mr. Justice Sutherland, Mr.
Justice Butler, Mr. Justice Roberts, and Mr. Justice Cardozo.
Maurice Baskin, of Washington, D. C., and Owen Rall, of Chicago,
Ill., were admitted to practice.
No. 123. Dirk DeJonge, appellant, v. The State of Oregon.
Argued by Mr. Osmond K. Fraenkel for the appellant, and by Mr.
Maurice E. Tarshis for the appellee.
No. 125. A. L. Shapleigh et al., petitioners, v. Pascaul Mier.
Argued by Mr. H. R. Gamble for the petitioners, and by Mr. Richard
F. Burges for the respondent.
No. 139. The People of the State of New York, upon the relation
of Richard Reid Rogers, appellant, v. Mark Graves, John J. Merrill,
et al., etc. Argument commenced by Mr. Richard Reid Rogers for
the appellant.
Adjourned until tomorrow at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Thursday, December 10, will be as follows: Nos.
139, 161 (162 and 163), 172, 175, 180, 207 (208 and 209), 212,
214, 217, and 216 (and 328).
☑
97624-36-31
1

THURSDAY, DECEMBER 10, 1936
89
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: The Chief Justice, Mr. Justice Van Devanter, Mr. Jus-
tice McReynolds, Mr. Justice Brandeis, Mr. Justice Sutherland, Mr.
Justice Butler, Mr. Justice Roberts, and Mr. Justice Cardozo.
Bates Booth, of Los Angeles, Calif.; Nathan P. Avery, of Holyoke,
Mass.; James M. Healy, of Longmeadow, Mass.; Frank E. Button,
of Holyoke, Mass.; Herbert A. Denis. of Detroit, Mich.; Donald C.
Starr, of Boston, Mass.; Vance Brand, of Urbana, Ohio; Arthur
Abraham, of Chicago, Ill.; Russell L. Davenport, of Holyoke, Mass.;
Charles P. Curtis, Jr., of Boston, Mass.; and E. L. Skeel, of Seattle,
Wash., were admitted to practice.
No. 139. The People of the State of New York, upon the relation
of Richard Reid Rogers, appellant, v. Mark Graves, John J. Mer-
rill et al., etc. Argument continued by Mr. Richard Reid Rogers for
the appellant, and concluded by Mr. Joseph M. Mesnig for the
appellees.
No. 172. The United States, petitioner, v. The Seminole Nation.
Argued by Mr. Charles E. Wyzanski, Jr., for the petitioner, and by
Mr. Paul M. Neibell for the respondent.
Adjourned until tomorrow at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Friday, December 11, will be as follows: Nos.
175, 180, 161 (162 and 163), 207 (208 and 209), 212, 214, 217,
216 (and 328), 218, and 224.
Х
97624-36-
32
1

FRIDAY, DECEMBER 11, 1936
90
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: The Chief Justice, Mr. Justice Van Devanter, Mr. Justice
McReynolds, Mr. Justice Brandeis, Mr. Justice Sutherland, Mr. Jus-
tice Butler, Mr. Justice Roberts, and Mr. Justice Cardozo.
Benjamin F. Napheys, Jr., of Alibene, Kans.; Bernard Bernstein,
of New York City; Anthony Kabatt, of Elmira, N. Y.; Ralph F.
Miller, of Washington, D. C.; Al Ralph Snyder, of Washington,
D. C.; John O. Wicks, of Pittsburgh, Pa.; John Charles Adams, of
Tulsa, Okla.; David D. Johnson, of Pittsburgh, Pa.; Wm. S. Potter,
of Wilmington, Del.; Edward C. Gritzbaugh, of Chicago, Ill.;
George B. Rowlings, of Boston, Mass.; Charles A. Rome, of Boston,
Mass.; Frank E. Spain, of Birmingham, Ala.; Harlan Hobart
Grooms, of Birmingham, Ala.; and Thomas C. McConnell, of
Chicago, Ill., were admitted to practice.
No. 175. Marcus Hauge, appellant, v. The City of Chicago.
Argued by Mr. Owen Rall for the appellant, and by Mr. Martin H.
Foss for the appellee.
No. 180. Holyoke Water Power Company, petitioner, v. American
Writing Paper Company, Inc. Argued by Mr. Bentley W. Warren
for the petitioner; by Mr. Charles P. Curtis, Jr., for the respondent;
and by Mr. Solicitor General Reed for the United States as amicus
curiae by special leave of Court.
No. 161. Liggett and Myers Tobacco Co., petitioner, v. The United
States;
No. 162. The Commonwealth of Massachusetts, petitioner, v. The
United States; and
No. 163. Liggett and Myers Tobacco Co., on behalf of the
Commonwealth of Massachusetts, petitioner, v. The United States.
Argument commenced by Mr. Henry F. Long for the petitioners.
Adjourned until Monday next at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Monday, December 14, will be as follows: Nos.
161 (162 and 163), 207 (208 and 209), 418, 354, 151, 260, 436,
293, 212, and 214.
✓
97624-36--33

MONDAY, DECEMBER 14, 1936
91
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: The Chief Justice, Mr. Justice Van Devanter, Mr. Justice
McReynolds, Mr. Justice Brandeis, Mr. Justice Sutherland, Mr.
Justice Butler, Mr. Justice Roberts, and Mr. Justice Cardozo.
Weston Vernon, Jr., of Washington, D. C.; Bernard Tompkins, of
New York City; Benjamin H. Kizer, of Spokane, Wash.; Winthrop
H. Kellogg, of New York City; Robert Gerald Trampe, of Golconda,
Ill.; James B. Fitzgerald, of Lakewood, Ohio; Irving Fane, of Kansas
City, Mo.; Ludwick Graves, of Kansas City, Mo.; Hastings S. Morse,
of New York City; Henry Eirven Solomon, of New London, Conn.;
Edward Chester Adams, of Washington, D. C.; Llewellyn Brittain
Duke, of Austin, Tex.; and Robert Alfred Burri, of Cleveland, Ohio,
were admitted to practice.
No. 28. KVOS, Inc., petitioner, v. The Associated Press. On writ
of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the
Ninth Circuit. Decree of the Circuit Court of Appeals reversed
with costs and cause remanded to the District Court of the United
States for the Western District of Washington with directions to
dismiss the bill of complaint for want of jurisdiction. Opinion by
Mr. Justice Roberts.
No. 77. Harriet C. Binney, Frederic Cunningham, et al., appel-
lants, v. Henry F. Long, Commissioner of Corporations and Taxation
of the Commonwealth of Massachusetts. Appeal from the Probate
Court of the County of Norfolk, Commonwealth of Massachusetts.
Decree reversed with costs and cause remanded to said Probate Court
for further proceedings not inconsistent with the opinion of this
Court. Opinion by Mr. Justice Roberts. Opinion by Mr. Justice
Cardozo dissenting in part in which Mr. Justice Brandeis joins.
No. 32. Duke Power Company and Southern Public Utilities
Company, petitioners, v. Greenwood County and E. L. Brooks, S. A.
Agnew, et al. On writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit
Court of Appeals for the Fourth Circuit. Decree of the Circuit
Court of Appeals reversed and cause remanded to the District Court
of the United States for the Western District of South Carolina with
directions to vacate its decrees and for further proceedings in con-
formity with the opinion of this Court. Opinion, per curiam,
announced by Mr. Chief Justice Hughes.
97624-36-

MONDAY, DECEMBER 14, 1936
92
The Chief Justice announced the following order of the Court:
No. 546. Claudian B. Northrop and Eleanor G. Northrop, appel-
lants, v. William L. Beale, George W. Brown, et al. Appeal from
the Court of Appeals of the State of Maryland. Per curiam: The
motion of the appellees to dismiss the appeal is granted, and the
appeal is dismissed for the reason that the judgment sought here
to be reviewed is based upon a non-federal ground adequate to sup-
I port it. Petrie v. Nampa, etc., Irrigation District, 248 U. S. 154,
157; McCoy v. Shaw, 277 U. S. 302, 303; Fox Film v. Muller, 296
U. S. 207, 209–210. Insofar as the papers whereon the appeal was
allowed seek a review of the rulings of the Court of Appeals of
Maryland upon questions of the asserted denial of rights under the
Federal Constitution not involving the validity of any statute of the
State, such papers are treated as a petition for writ of certiorari.
Sec. 237 (c), Judicial Code, as amended by the Act of February 13,
1925 (43 Stat. 936, 938), and certiorari is denied.
The Chief Justice said:
"The other orders of the Court appear upon the list certified by
the Chief Justice and filed with the Clerk and will not be announced
orally."
No. 537. Ella H. Tinkoff, petitioner, v. Chicago Title and Trust
Company, as Trustee, et al. The motion of petitioner to waive the
rule as to printing the record is denied.
No. 551. Mary E. Jackson, petitioner, v. Frank T. Fuller et al.
On petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of
Appeals for the District of Columbia; and
No. 553. Otto Van Dyke, petitioner, v. The State of Michigan. On
petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of the State of
Michigan. The motions for leave to proceed further herein in forma
pauperis are denied for the reason that the Court, upon examination
of the papers herein submitted, finds no ground upon which writs of
certiorari should be granted. The petitions for writs of certiorari
are therefore also denied.
No. 534. Bourjois, Inc., appellant, v. Clyde R. Chapman et al.;
and
No. 539. The Ohio Bell Telephone Company, appellant, v. The
Public Utilities Commission of Ohio. In these cases probable juris-
diction is noted.
No. 507. B. D. Kester, Trustee in Bankruptcy of Charles H.
Helmer, Bankrupt, petitioner, v. Ruby H. Adams, as Administratrix,
etc., al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit
Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit denied.

MONDAY, DECEMBER 14, 1936
93
No. 509. Magnolia Petroleum Company, petitioner, v. G. T. Blank-
enship et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Cir-
cuit Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 512. Guy T. Helvering, Commissioner of Internal Revenue,
petitioner, v. East Coast Oil Company, S. A. Petition for writ of
certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the
Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 513. Ethel Mary Magill et al., petitioners, v. Rodney F.
Starkey, as Trustee, etc. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United
States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit denied.
No. 521. Roger D. Moore, Administrator of the Estate of Ethel
Moore, deceased, petitioner, v. The Ocean Accident & Guarantee Cor-
poration, Ltd. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Circuit of Appeals for the Eighth Circuit denied.
No. 529. Joseph Lanza, petitioner, v. The United States of
America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit
Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit denied.
No. 538. Hugh J. Sheeran, as Receiver of New York Railways
Company, et al., petitioners, v. The City of New York. Petition for
writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for
the Second Circuit denied.
No. 541. Vernon Tetzke, petitioner, v. Trust No. 2988 of the Fore-
man Trust and Savings Bank, etc. Petition for writ of certiorari to
the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Seventh Circuit
denied.
No. 105. Lulu Mignon Murphy, petitioner, v. S. S. Murphy (and
wife) Alice K. Murphy;
No. 424. The Armand Company, Inc., petitioner, v. Federal Trade
Commission;
No. 445. John J. Flanigan, petitioner, v. Ditto, Incorporated;
No. 459. Sophia Brennan, Administratrix, et al., petitioners, v.
Sabine Towing Company, Inc., et al. Petitions for rehearing
denied.
Mr. Justice Stone took no part in the consideration or decision of
the cases in which judgments or orders are this day announced.
ORDER
The Court will take a recess from Monday, December 21, to Mon-
day, January 4, 1937.

No.
,
MONDAY, DECEMBER 14, 1936
94
original. State of Texas, complainant, v. State of New
York et al. Motion for leave to file bill of complaint submitted by
Mr. William McCraw for the complainant.
No. 161. Liggett and Myers Tobacco Co., petitioner, v. The United
States;
No. 162. The Commonwealth of Massachusetts, petitioner, v. The
United States; and
No. 163. Liggett and Myers Tobacco Co., on behalf of the Com-
monwealth of Massachusetts, petitioner, v. The United States.
Argument continued by Mr. Henry F. Long for the petitioners, and
concluded by Mr. Paul Jackson for the respondent.
No. 207. Guy T. Helvering, Commissioner of Internal Revenue,
petitioner, v. Tex-Penn Oil Company;
No. 208. Guy T. Helvering, Commissioner of Internal Revenue,
petitioner, v. M. L. Benedum; and
No. 209. Guy T. Helvering, Commissioner of Internal Revenue,
petitioner, v. F. B. Parriott. Argued by Mr. Thurman Arnold for
the petitioner and by Mr. John W. Davis for the respondents.
No. 418. Harold H. Henneford et al., Members of the Tax Com-
mission of the State of Washington, appellants, v. Silas Mason
Company, Inc., et al. Argument commenced by Mr. R. G. Sharpe
for the appellants.
Adjourned until tomorrow at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Tuesday, December 15, will be as follows: Nos.
418, 354, 151, 260, 436, 293, 212, 214, 217, and 216 (and 328).
1

TUESDAY, DECEMBER 15, 1936
95
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: The Chief Justice, Mr. Justice Van Devanter, Mr. Justice
McReynolds, Mr. Justice Brandeis, Mr. Justice Sutherland, Mr.
Justice Butler, Mr. Justice Roberts, and Mr. Justice Cardozo.
Roswell Leavitt Gilpatric, of New York City; Clarence E. Brand,
of New Haven, Conn.; D. Worth Clark, of Pocatello, Idaho; Murray
M. McGuire, of Richmond, Va.; George E. Palmer, of Floral Park,
N. Y.; Donald S. Holmes, of Duluth, Minn.; Earl Morse, of New York
City; and Charles L. Sylvester, of New York City, were admitted to
practice.
No. 418. Harold H. Henneford et al., Members of the Tax Com-
mission of the State of Washington, appellants. v. Silas Mason Com-
pany, Inc., et al. Argument continued by Mr. R. G. Sharpe for the
appellants; by Mr. B. H. Kizer for the appellees; and concluded by
Mr. R. G. Sharpe for the appellants.
No. 354. Caroline R. Kuehner and Frederick G. Fischer, as Trus-
tees, petitioners, v. Grayson M.-P. Murphy et al., etc. Argued by Mr.
Rollin Browne for the petitioners and by Mr. William D. Whitney
for the respondents.
No. 151. Mrs. John S. Meadows, petitioner, v. The Irving Trust
Company, as Trustee, etc., et al. Argument commenced by Mr. Perlie
P. Fallon for the petitioner.
Adjourned until tomorrow at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Wednesday, December 16, will be as follows: Nos.
151, 260, 436, 293, 212, 214, 217, 216 (and 328), 218, and 247.
☑
97624-36-35
"

WEDNESDAY, DECEMBER 16, 1936
96
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: The Chief Justice, Mr. Justice Van Devanter, Mr. Justice
Brandeis, Mr. Justice Sutherland, Mr. Justice Butler, Mn Justice-
Stone, Mr. Justice Roberts, and Mr. Justice Cardozo.
Jacob Newman, of New York City; Robert J. McKeever, of Port
Chester, N. Y.; and Donald W. Robertson, of Oakmont, Pa., were
admitted to practice.
No. 151. Mrs. John S. Meadows, petitioner, v. The Irving Trust
Company, as Trustee, etc., et al. Argument continued by Mr. Perlie
P. Fallon for the petitioner; by Mr. William D. Whitney for the re-
spondents; and concluded by Mr. Perlie P. Fallon for the petitioner.
No. 260. City Bank Farmers Trust Company, Assignee of Flor-
ence H. Bugbee, petitioner, v. Irving Trust Company, as Trustee, etc.,
et al. Argued by Mr. Henry L. Glenn for the petitioner, and by Mr.
William D. Whitney for the respondents.
No. 436. Joseph E. Otis Estate Land Trust et al., petitioners, v.
Irving Trust Company, as Trustee, etc., et al. Argued by Mr. Mur-
ray C. Bernays for the petitioners, and by Mr. William D. Whitney
for the respondents.
No. 293. West Coast Hotel Company, appellant, v. Ernest Parrish
and Elsie Parrish, his wife. Argument commenced by Mr. E. L.
Skeel for the appellant.
Adjourned until tomorrow at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Thursday, December 17, will be as follows: Nos.
293, 212, 214, 217, 216 (and 328), 218, 247, and 255.
☑
97624-36-36

THURSDAY, DECEMBER 17, 1936
97
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: The Chief Justice, Mr. Justice Van Devanter, Mr. Justice
McReynolds, Mr. Justice Brandeis, Mr. Justice Sutherland, Mr.
Justice Butler, Mr. Justice Roberts, and Mr. Justice Cardozo.
Ralph O. Butz, of Chicago, Ill.; Harry S. Wender, of Washington,
D. C.; Martin B. Dickinson, of Kansas City, Mo.; and Warren R.
Slemmons, of Seattle, Wash., were admitted to practice.
No. 293. West Coast Hotel Company, appellant, v. Ernest Parrish
and Elsie Parrish, his wife. Argument continued by Mr. E. L. Skeel
for the appellant; by Mr. W. A. Toner for the appellees; and con-
cluded by Mr. E. L. Skeel for the appellant.
No. 212. Forest Marvel, petitioner, v. Fred G. Zerbst, Warden,
etc. Argument commenced by Mr. John B. Boddie for the petitioner.
The Court declined to hear further argument.
No. 217. Midland Realty Company, appellant, v. Kansas City
Power & Light Company. Argued by Mr. Elliott H. Jones for the
appellant, and by Mr. Ludwick Graves and Mr. Irvin Fane for the
appellee.
No. 216. Shoshone Tribe of Indians of the Wind River Reservation
in Wyoming, petitioner, v. The United States; and
No. 328. The United States, petitioner, v. Shoshone Tribe of
Indians of the Wind River Reservation in Wyoming. Argument
commenced by Mr. George M. Tunison for the Shoshone Tribe of
Indians.
Adjourned until tomorrow at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Friday, December 18, will be as follows: Nos.
216 (and 328), 214, 218, 247, and 255.
☑
97624-36-37
☐

FRIDAY, DECEMBER 18, 1936
98
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: The Chief Justice, Mr. Justice McReynolds, Mr. Justice
Brandeis, Mr. Justice Sutherland, Mr. Justice Butler, Mr. Justice
Roberts, and Mr. Justice Cardozo.
Maurice P. Murphy, of St. Joseph, Mo.; G. Samuel Milam, of
Russellville, Ky.; Charles A. Savage, of Ocala, Fla.; and Howard F.
Latourette, of Portland, Oreg., were admitted to practice.
No. 216. Shoshone Tribe of Indians of the Wind River Reserva-
tion in Wyoming, petitioner, v. The United States; and
No. 328. The United States, petitioner, v. Shoshone Tribe of
Indians of the Wind River Reservation in Wyoming. Argument
continued by Mr. George M. Tunison for the Shoshone Tribe of
Indians; by Mr. Assistant Attorney General Blair for the United
States; and concluded by Mr. Albert W. Jefferis for the Shoshone
Tribe of Indians.
No. 214. Juan Bengzon, petitioner, v. The Secretary of Justice
and Insular Auditor of the Philippine Islands. Argued by Mr.
Eugene M. Caffey for the respondent, and case submitted by Mr.
Pedro Y. Ylagen for the petitioner.
No. 218. The People of the State of New York, ex rel. C. Hand-
asyde Whitney, appellant, v. Mark Graves, John P. Hennessey et al.,
etc. Argued by Mr. Marcien Jenckes for the appellant, and by Mr.
Joseph M. Mesnig for the appellees.
Adjourned until Monday, December 21, next, at 12 o'clock.
☑
97624-36-38

MONDAY, DECEMBER 21, 1936
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
99
Present: The Chief Justice, Mr. Justice Van Devanter, Mr. Justice
Brandeis, Mr. Justice Sutherland, Mr. Justice Butler, Mr. Justice.
Roberts, and Mr. Justice Cardozo.
C. Keefe Hurley, of Gardner, Mass.; A. Marvin Braverman, of
Cedar Rapids, Iowa; I. S. Dorfman, of Chicago, Ill.; Wilmer H.
Eberly, of New York City; H. Rowan Gaither, Jr., of San Francisco,
Calif.; John O. Palstine, of Los Angeles, Calif.; William G. MacKay,
of Washington, D. C.; Charles A. Harrison, of New Haven, Conn.;
Melvyn Gordon Loewenstein, of New York City; George Thurston
Evans, of Denver, Colo.; and Sam Goldman, of St. Louis, Mo., were
admitted to practice.
No. 98. The United States of America, appellant, v. Curtiss-Wright
Export Corporation, Curtiss Aeroplane & Motor Company, Inc., and
Barr Shipping Corporation, et al. Appeal from the District Court
of the United States for the Southern District of New York. Judg-
ment reversed and cause remanded to said District Court for further
proceedings in conformity with the opinion of this Court. Opinion
by Mr. Justice Sutherland. Dissenting: Mr. Justice McReynolds.
No. 501. The Kroger Grocery & Baking Company, appellant, v.
Philip Lutz, Jr., as Attorney General of the State of Indiana, et al.
Appeal from the District Court of the United States for the Northern
District of Indiana. Decree affirmed with costs. Opinion, per
curiam, announced by Mr. Chief Justice Hughes.
No. 522. Lillie Kammerer, on behalf of herself and all other share-
holders of the Miami Savings and Loan Company, et al., appellants,
v. William H. Kroeger, Superintendent of Building and Loan Asso-
ciations, et al.;
No. 523. Susan H. Wuist, on behalf of herself and all other Share-
holders of the Dayton Building and Savings Association, et al.,
appellants, v. William H. Kroeger, Superintendent of Building and
Loan Associations, et al.;
No. 524. Charles Fisher, on behalf of himself and all other share-
holders of the Security Savings Association, et al., appellants, v.
William H. Kroeger, Superintendent of Building and Loan Associa-
tions, et al.;
97624-36--39

MONDAY, DECEMBER 21, 1936
100
No. 525. Clyde C. Cotterill, on behalf of himself and all other
shareholders of the Mutual Home and Savings Association, et al.,
appellants, v. William H. Kroeger, Superintendent of Building and
Loan Associations, et al.;
No. 526. George W. Kelsey, on behalf of himself and all other
shareholders of the American Loan and Savings Association, et al.,
appellants, v. William H. Kroeger, Superintendent of Building and
Loan Associations, et al.;
No. 527. Harriet P. Kimmel, on behalf of herself and all other
shareholders of the Franklin Savings and Loan Associations, et al.,
appellants, v. William H. Kroeger, Superintendent of Building and
Loan Associations, et al.; and
No. 528. William C. Reichert, on behalf of himself and all other
shareholders of the Permanent Building and Savings Association,
et al., appellants, v. William H. Kroeger, Superintendent of Building
and Loan Associations, et al. Appeals from the Supreme Court of
the State of Ohio. Motions to dismiss granted and appeals dismissed
for the want of a substantial federal question. Opinion, per curiam,
announced by Mr. Chief Justice Hughes.
The Chief Justice announced the following orders of the Court:
No. 108. The North American Cement Corporation, appellant, v.
Mark Graves et al., etc. Appeal from the Supreme Court of the
State of New York. Per curiam: Judgment affirmed upon the
ground that the statute (Section 214, Article 9-A, of the Tax Law
of the State of New York) is valid upon its face and it has not been
shown to have been so applied as to violate appellants' constitutional
rights. Bass, Ratcliff & Gretton, Ltd., v. State Tax Commission, 266
U. S. 271.
No. 212. Forest Marvel, petitioner, v. Fred G. Zerbst, Warden of
the United States Penitentiary, Leavenworth, Kansas. On writ of
certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the
Tenth Circuit. Per curiam: Judgment affirmed. Salinger v. Loisel,
265 U. S. 224, 235, 237.
No. 543. Mississippi Central Railroad Company et al., appellants,
v. Mrs. Hattie Rife Smith. Appeal from the Supreme Court of the
State of Mississippi. Per curiam: The motion of the appellee to dis-
miss the appeal is granted, and the appeal is dismissed for the want
of jurisdiction. Section 237 (a), Judicial Code, as amended by the
Act of February 13, 1925 (43 Stat. 936, 937). Treating the papers
whereon the appeal was allowed as a petition for writ of certiorari,
as required by Sec. 237 (c), Judicial Code, as amended (43 Stat. 936,
938), certiorari is denied. The motion of the appellee to allow dam-
ages is granted, and it is ordered that damages of five hundred dol-

MONDAY, DECEMBER 21, 1936
101
lars, payable to the appellee, be taxed against appellants. Mississippi
Central R. Co. v. Roberts, 296 U. S. 536; Mississippi Central R. Co.
v. Aultman, 296 U. S. 537.
No. 483. Boston Safe Deposit and Trust Company, Trustee, etc.,
appellant, v. Henry F. Long, Commissioner, etc. Appeal from the
Probate Court of the County, Dukes County. Per curiam: The mo-
tion of the appellee to dismiss the appeal is granted, and the appeal
is dismissed for the want of a substantial federal question. Salton-
stall v. Saltonstall, 276 U. S. 260.
The Chief Justice said:
"The other orders of the Court appear upon the list certified by the
Chief Justice and filed with the Clerk and will not be announced
orally."
No. original. State of Texas, complainant, v. State of New
York et al. A rule is ordered to issue, returnable within forty days
from this date, requiring the respondents to show cause why leave to
file the bill of complaint should not be granted.
No. 2, original. State of Vermont, complainant, v. State of New
Hampshire. Upon the joint application of the State of Vermont and
the State of New Hampshire, it is ordered that Samuel S. Gannett,
Esq., Special Commissioner in this cause, supplement his report filed
November 23, 1936, by adding thereto a description of the traverse
reference line and a map thereof. The time within which exceptions
or objections to said report and supplemental report may be filed is
extended to forty days after the delivery of the supplemental report
to the Clerk of the Court and to the Attorneys General of the two
States.
No. 560. James McCarthy, petitioner, v. Fred G. Zerbst, Warden,
etc. On petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit
Court of Appeals for the Tenth Circuit. The motion for leave to
proceed further herein in forma pauperis is denied, for the reason
that the Court, upon examination of the papers herein submitted,
finds no ground upon which a writ of certiorari should be granted.
The petition for writ of certiorari is therefore also denied.
No. 530. Robert Page Wright, Bankrupt, petitioner, v. Vinton
Branch of the Mountain Trust Bank of Roanoke, Virginia, et al.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of
Appeals for the Fourth Circuit granted.
No. 531. John Boseman, petitioner, v. Connecticut General Life
Insurance Company. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United
States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit granted.

MONDAY, DECEMBER 21, 1936
102
No. 532. The United States of America, petitioner, v. Morgan Bel-
mont and Eleanor R. Belmont, as Executors, etc. Petition for writ of
certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Sec-
ond Circuit granted.
No. 519. The Board of Trade of Kansas City, Missouri, et al., peti-
tioners, v. Maurice M. Milligan, United States Attorney, etc., et al.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of
Appeals for the Eighth Circuit denied.
No. 520. Guardian Trust Company et al., petitioners, v. Jefferson
Lake Oil Company, Inc. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United
States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 535. Victor Gasoline Company, petitioner, v. Shell Petroleum
Corporation. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Circuit Court of Appeals for the Tenth Circuit denied.
No. 511. John Sanacory, petitioner, v. The People of the State of
New York. Petition for rehearing denied.
Mr. Justice Stone took no part in the consideration or decision of
the cases in which judgments or orders are this day announced.
No. 324. The Virginian Railway Company, petitioner, v. System
Federation No. 40, etc., et al. Leave granted the United States to file
a brief and to participate in the oral argument as amicus curiae,
granted on motion of Mr. Solicitor General Reed for the United
States.
No. 41. The United States, petitioner, v. Robert Esnault-Pelterie.
Motion to amend judgment submitted by Mr. Solicitor General Reed
for the petitioner.
No. 413. Grand Rapids Trust Company, Receiver, etc., petitioner,
v. United Light and Power Company. On writ of certiorari to the
United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Sixth Circuit. Dis-
missed per stipulation of counsel.
Adjourned until Monday, January 4, 1937.
The day call for Monday, January 4, 1937, will be as follows: Nos.
224, 235, 247, 254, 255, 257, 280, 266 (267 and 268), 298 (and
299), and 305.
☑

MONDAY, JANUARY 4, 1937
103
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: The Chief Justice, Mr. Justice Van Devanter, Mr. Justice
McReynolds, Mr. Justice Brandeis, Mr. Justice Sutherland, Mr.
Justice Butler, Mr. Justice Roberts, and Mr. Justice Cardozo.
Royal J. Douglas, of Ogden, Utah; Carl L. Phinney, of Dallas,
Tex.; Thomas M. David, of Washington, D. C.; A. B. Tanner, of
Berkeley, Calif.; Gerard Swope, Jr., of Washington, D. C.; Donald
Prentice, of Bartlesville, Okla.; Leon J. York, of Stillwater, Okla.;
Harry W. Horton, of El Centro, Calif.; M. Jacob Markmann, of
Philadelphia, Pa.; W. Scott Macgill, Jr., of Garrett Park, Md.; Silas
Garrett Bernard, of Asheville, N. C.; Neil Garrison Locke, of Los
Angeles, Calif.; C. R. Wharton, of Greensboro, N. C.; Alfred L.
Cowell, of Stockton, Calif.; Aloysius J. Ormond, of Waltham, Mass.;
James A. Murray, of Anderson, S. C.; F. Roy Linn, of Verona, Mo.;
Kester Walton, of Asheville, N. C.; William R. Pierce, of West Falls
Church, Va.; and Robert Eikel, Jr., of Houston, Tex., were admitted
to practice.
No. 125. A. L. Shapleigh et al., petitioners, v. Pascual Mier. On
writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for
the Fifth Circuit. Decree affirmed with costs and cause remanded
to the District Court of the United States for the Western District
of Texas. Opinion by Mr. Justice Cardozo.
No. 216. Shoshone Tribe of Indians of the Wind River Reserva-
tion in Wyoming, petitioner, v. The United States; and
No. 328. The United States, petitioner, v. Shoshone Tribe of In-
dians of the Wind River Reservation in Wyoming. On writs of
certiorari to the Court of Claims. Judgment reversed and cases
remanded to the Court of Claims for further proceedings in con-
formity with the opinion of this Court. Opinion by Mr. Justice
Cardozo.
No. 260. City Bank Farmers Trust Company, Assignee of Flor-
ence H. Bugbee, petitioner, v. Irving Trust Company, as Trustee of
the Estate of the United Cigar Stores Company of America, et al.
On writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals
for the Second Circuit. Judgment reversed with costs and cause
remanded to the District Court of the United States for the South-
ern District of New York for further proceedings in conformity with
the opinion of this Court. Opinion by Mr. Justice Roberts. Mr.
97624-37--40

MONDAY, JANUARY 4, 1937
104
Justice Brandeis took no part in the consideration or decision of
this case.
No. 354. Caroline R. Kuehner and Frederick G. Rischer, as Trus-
tees, petitioners, v. Grayson M-P. Murphy et al., etc. On writ of
certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the
Second Circuit. Judgment affirmed with costs and cause remanded
to the District Court of the United States for the Southern District
of New York. Opinion by Mr. Justice Roberts. Mr. Justice
Brandeis took no part in the consideration or decision of this case.
No. 436. Abe Schwartz et al., petitioners, v. Irving Trust Com-
pany, as Trustee of United Cigar Stores Company of America, et al.
On writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals
for the Second Circuit. Judgment reversed with costs and cause
remanded to the District Court of the United States for the Southern
District of New York for further proceedings in conformity with
the opinion of this Court. Opinion by Mr. Justice Roberts. Mr.
Justice Brandeis took no part in the consideration or decision of
this case.
No. 151. Mrs. John S. Meadows, petitioner, v. The Irving Trust
Company, as Trustee of United Cigar Stores Company of America,
Debtor, et al. On writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit
Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit. Judgment affirmed with
costs and cause remanded to the District Court of the United States
for the Southern District of New York. Opinion by Mr. Justice
Roberts. Mr. Justice Brandeis took no part in the consideration or
decision of this case.
No. 172. The United States, petitioner, v. The Seminole Nation.
On writ of certiorari to the Court of Claims. Judgment reversed
and cause remanded to the Court of Claims for further proceedings
in conformity with the opinion of this Court. Opinion by Mr.
Justice Butler.
No. 139. The People of the State of New York, upon the relation
of Richard Reid Rogers, appellant, v. Mark Graves, John J. Merrill,
and John P. Hennessey, as Commissioners, etc. Appeal from the
Supreme Court of the State of New York. Judgment reversed with
costs and cause remanded to the said Supreme Court for further pro-
ceedings not inconsistent with the opinion of this Court. Opinion
by Mr. Justice Sutherland.
No. 214. Juan Bengzon, petitioner, v. The Secretary of Justice
and Insular Auditor of the Philippine Islands. On writ of cer-
tiorari to the Supreme Court of the Commonwealth of the Philip-
pines. Judgment reversed with costs and cause remanded to the
said Supreme Court for further proceedings not inconsistent with
the opinion of this Court. Opinion by Mr. Justice Sutherland.

MONDAY, JANUARY 4, 1937
105
No. 100. W. P. Brown & Sons Lumber Company et al., petitioners,
v. Louisville & Nashville Railroad Company et al. On writ of cer-
tiorari to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Sixth
Circuit. Judgment affirmed with costs and cause remanded to the
District Court of the United States for the Western District of
Kentucky. Opinion by Mr. Justice Brandeis.
No. 161. Liggett and Myers Tobacco Co., petitioner, v. The United
States;
No. 162. The Commonwealth of Massachusetts, petitioner, v. The
United States; and
No. 163. Liggett and Myers Tobacco Co., on behalf of the Com-
monwealth of Massachusetts, petitioner, v. The United States. On
writs of certiorari to the Court of Claims. Judgments affirmed.
Opinion by Mr. Justice McReynolds.
No. 175. Marcus Hauge, appellant, v. The City of Chicago. Ap-
peal from the Supreme Court of the State of Illinois. Judgment
affirmed with costs. Opinion by Mr. Justice McReynolds.
No. 155. Employers Reinsurance Corporation, petitioner, v. Ran-
dolph Bryant, United States District Judge for the Eastern District
of Texas. On writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court
of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit. Judgment affirmed with costs and
cause remanded to the said Circuit Court of Appeals. Opinion by
Mr. Justice Van Devanter.
No. 138. Kentucky Whip and Collar Company, petitioner, v.
Illinois Central Railroad Company. On writ of certiorari to the
United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Sixth Circuit. De-
cree affirmed with costs and cause remanded to the District Court of
the United States for the Western District of Kentucky. Opinion
by Mr. Chief Justice Hughes.
No. 123. Dirk DeJonge, appellant, v. The State of Oregon. Ap-
peal from the Supreme Court of the State of Oregon. Judgment
reversed with costs and cause remanded to the said Supreme Court
for further proceedings not inconsistent with the opinion of this
Court. Opinion by Mr. Chief Justice Hughes.
No. 218. The People of the State of New York, ex rel. C. Handa-
syde Whitney, appellant, v. Mark Graves, John P. Hennessey, and
John J. Merrill, Tax Commissioners of the State of New York.
Appeal from the Supreme Court of the State of New York. Judg-
ment affirmed with costs. Opinion by Mr. Chief Justice Hughes.
The Chief Justice announced the following order of the Court:
No. 561. Paul B. Hammond, Theodore E. Hammond, et al., appel-
lants, v. City of Burbank, Frank C. Tillson, et al. Appeal from the

MONDAY, JANUARY 4, 1937
106
Supreme Court of the State of California. Per curiam: The motion
of the appellees to dismiss the appeal is granted, and the appeal is
dismissed (1) for the reason that the judgment sought here to be
reviewed is based upon a non-federal ground adequate to support it,
Henderson Bridge Co. v. Henderson City, 141 U. S. 679, 688, 689;
McCoy v. Shaw, 277 U. S. 302, 303; Fox Film v. Muller, 296 U. S.
207, 209, 210; (2) in so far as a federal question is sought to be pre-
sented, for the want of a substantial federal question, Seattle &
Renton Ry. v. Linhoff, 231 U. S. 568, 570; Enterprise Irrig. Dist. v.
Canal Co., 243 U. S. 157, 165, 166; Hebert v. Louisiana, 272 U. S.
312, 316, 317; Ham v. Equitable Life Assurance Society, 299 U. S. —
(decided October 12, 1936).
The Chief Justice said:
"The other orders of the Court appear upon the list certified by the
Chief Justice and filed with the Clerk and will not be announced
orally."
No., original. Ex parte: Mauro Piergiovanni, petitioner. The
motion for leave to file petition for writ of habeas corpus is denied.
No. 41. The United States, petitioner, v. Robert Esnault-Pelterie.
The motion to amend the judgment herein is denied.
No. 105. Lulu Mignon Murphy, petitioner, v. S. S. Murphy (and
wife) Alice K. Murphy. The motion for entry of points on appeal
in decision and to vacate the forma pauperis order is denied.
No. 537. Ella H. Tinkoff, petitioner, v. Chicago Title and Trust
Company et al. On petition for writ of certiorari to the United
States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Seventh Circuit;
No. 585. Joseph E. Jones, petitioner, v. A. C. Aderhold, Warden,
etc. On petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit
Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit.;
No. 586. Alex Wolpa, petitioner, v. The United States of America;
and
No. 587. Julius J. Wolpa, petitioner, v. The United States of
America. On petition for writs of certiorari to the United States
Circuit Court of Appeals for the Eighth Circuit ;
No. 594. Bradford J. St. Charles, petitioner, v. The United States
of America; and
No. 595. Bradford J. St. Charles, petitioner, v. The United States
of America. On petition for writs of certiorari to the United
States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit; and
No. 609. Salvatore Scata, petitioner, v. The People of the State
of New York. On petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of
Appeals of the State of New York. The motions for leave to pro-
1

1
MONDAY, JANUARY 4, 1937
107
ceed further herein in forma pauperis are denied for the reason that
the Court, upon examination of the papers herein submitted, finds no
ground upon which writs of certiorari should be granted. The peti-
tions for writs of certiorari are therefore also denied.
No. 207. Guy T. Helvering, Commissioner of Internal Revenue,
petitioner v. Tex-Penn Oil Company;
No. 208. Guy T. Helvering, Commissioner of Internal Revenue,
petitioner, v. M. L. Benedum; and
No. 209. Guy T. Helvering, Commissioner of Internal Revenue,
petitioner, v. F. B. Parriott. These cases are restored to the docket
and assigned for reargument on Monday, February 1st next.
No. 570. Southern Natural Gas Corporation et al., appellants, v.
State of Alabama. In this case probable jurisdiction is noted.
No. 549. L. G. Lawrence, Guardian of Harry Newsome, incom-
petent, petitioner, v. John A. Shaw, and others, Members of and
Constituting the Board of Commissioners of Hertford County, et al.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of the State of
North Carolina granted.
No. 533. Charles A. Miller,
Company of Los Angeles et al.
petitioner, v. Union Bank & Trust
Petition for writ of certiorari to the
Supreme Court of the State of California denied.
No. 540. Sperry Flour Company, petitioner, v. Coastwise Steam-
ship and Barge Company, Inc., etc., et al. Petition for writ of
certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the
Ninth Circuit denied.
No. 542. Fidelity and Casualty Company of New York, petitioner,
v. Citizens National Bank of Hendersonville, North Carolina et al.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of
Appeals for the Fourth Circuit denied.
No. 548. Melvin C. Hazen, George E. Allen, and Daniel I. Sultan,
Commissioners of the District of Columbia, et al., petitioners, v.
Evelyn S. Hawley. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United
States Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia denied.
No. 545. Rindge Land and Navigation Company, Debtor, et al.,
petitioners, v. Security-First National Bank of Los Angeles, as
Trustee, et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Circuit Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit denied.
No. 547. Special Site Sign Company, petitioner, v. Foster and
Kleiser Company. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United
States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit denied.
No. 550. David Jacoby and Morris Gottsegen, Trading as Mills
Sales Co., petitioners, v. James J. Hoey, Collector of Internal Rev-
enue etc. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit
Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit denied.
"
1
4
་

MONDAY, JANUARY 4, 1937
108
No. 555. New York Life Insurance Company, petitioner, v. Walter
B. Wolf, Emma G. Stiegelmeier, et al. Petition for writ of certiorari
to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Eighth Circuit
denied.
No. 557. Edward J. Quintal, Henry C. Stevens, et al., etc., peti-
tioners, v. Joseph A. Broderick, Superintendent of Banks of the
State of New York. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme
Court of the State of New York denied.
No. 567. George P. Davis, petitioner, v. Boston and Maine Rail-
road, Guy T. Helvering, as Commissioner of Internal Revenue, et al.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of
Appeals for the First Circuit denied.
No. 572. Continental Mills, Inc., petitioner, v. The United States.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Claims denied.
No. 37. The British-American Oil Producing Company, petitioner,
v. The Board of Equalization of the State of Montana et al.; and
No. 515. Jack LaVers, petitioner, v. The Supreme Court of the
State of California. Petitions for rehearing denied.
Orders are entered approving the bonds of the Clerk of this Court
and directing that they be recorded.
Mr. Justice Stone took no part in the consideration or decision of
the cases in which judgments or orders are this day announced.
No. 4, original. The State of Wisconsin et al., complainants, v. The
State of Illinois et al.;
No. 5, original. The State of Michigan et al., complainants, v. The
State of Illinois et al.; and
No. 6, original. The State of New York et al., complainants, v. The
State of Illinois et al. Semi-annual Report of the defendant Sani-
tary District of Chicago dated January 1, 1937, presented.
-.
No. In the matter of the disbarment of Jesse C. Duke. Return
to rule to show cause presented.
No. -, original. Ex parte: Harry Clark, petitioner. Return to
rule to show cause presented.
No. 224. Osaka Shosen Kaisha Line, Claimant etc., petitioner, v.
The United States of America. Argued by Mr. Robert Eikel, Jr.,
for the petitioner, and by Mr. Charles E. Wyzanski, Jr., for the
respondent.

MONDAY, JANUARY 4, 1937
109
No. 235. Richmond Mortgage & Loan Corporation, appellant, v.
Wachovia Bank and Trust Company et al. Argued by Mr. Kester
Walton for the appellant, and by Mr. S. G. Bernard for the appellees.
No. 254. Homer S. Cummings, Attorney General, etc., et al., peti-
tioners, v. Deutsche Bank und Disconto-Gesellschaft. Argument
commenced by Mr. Assistant Attorney General Morris for the
petitioners.
Adjourned until tomorrow at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Tuesday, January 5, will be as follows: Nos. 254,
247, 255, 280, 266 (267 and 268), 298 (and 299), 257, 305, 309,
and 325.
Х
1

TUESDAY, JANUARY 5, 1937
110
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: The Chief Justice, Mr. Justice Van Devanter, Mr. Justice
Brandeis, Mr. Justice Sutherland, Mr. Justice Butler, Mr. Justice
Roberts, and Mr. Justice Cardozo.
Jean Himmelfarb Horwitz, of Washington, D. C.; and J. Lynn
Lucas, of Luray, Va., were admitted to practice.
No. 254. Homer S. Cummings, Attorney General, etc., et al., peti-
tioners, v. Deutsche Bank und Disconto-Gesellschaft. Argument con-
tinued by Mr. Assistant Attorney General Morris for the peti-
tioners; by Mr. James J. Lenihan and Mr. Otto C. Sommerich for
the respondent; and concluded by Mr. Assistant Attorney General
Morris for the petitioners. Leave granted respondent to file an
additional brief within one week.
No. 247. Edward T. Blair, petitioner, v. Commissioner of Internal
Revenue. Argued by Mr. J. F. Dammann and Mr. William B. McIl-
vaine for the petitioner, and by Mr. David E. Hudson for the
respondent.
No. 255. The Elmhurst Cemetery Company of Joliet, petitioner, v.
Commissioner of Internal Revenue. Argument commenced by Mr.
Elden McFarland for the petitioner.
Adjourned until tomorrow at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Wednesday, January 6, will be as follows: Nos.
255, 280, 266 (267 and 268), 298 (and 299), 257, 305, 309, 325,
335, and 330.
97624-37-41
☑
+

WEDNESDAY, JANUARY 6, 1937
111
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: The Chief Justice, Mr. Justice Van Devanter, Mr. Jus-
tice McReynolds, Mr. Justice Brandeis, Mr. Justice Sutherland, Mr.
Justice Butler, Mr. Justice Roberts, and Mr. Justice Cardozo.
J. Cleveland Grice, of Hagerstown, Md.; Edward L. Weber, of
Washington, D. C.; Wm. Scott Stewart, of Chicago, Ill.; Luther
Bohanon, of Oklahoma City, Okla.; Randolph Mueller Garland, of
Washington, D. C.; George Lincoln Pass, of Washington, D. C.;
Samuel Resnic, of Holyoke, Mass.; and Thomas M. A. Higgins, of
Lowell, Mass., were admitted to practice.
No. 255. The Elmhurst Cemetery Company of Joliet, petitioner, v.
Commissioner of Internal Revenue. Argument continued by Mr.
Elden McFarland for the petitioner, and concluded by Mr. Thurman
Arnold for the respondent.
No. 280. George W. Taber, Treasurer of Payne County, Oklahoma,
petitioner, v. Indian Territory Illuminating Oil Company. Argued
by Mr. Leon J. York for the petitioner, and by Mr. Donald Prentice
for the respondent.
No. 266. Harold L. Ickes, Secretary of the Interior, petitioner, v.
Mazine Z. Fox et al.;
No. 267. Harold L. Ickes, Secretary of the Interior, petitioner, v.
Phillip Louis Parks et al.; and
No. 268. Harold L. Ickes, Secretary of the Interior, petitioner, v.
Jacob F. Ottmuller. Argued by Mr. Assistant Attorney General
Blair for the petitioner, and by Mr. Stephen E. Chaffee for the re-
spondents.
No. 298. Stockholders of Peoples Banking Company of Smiths-
burg, Maryland, appellants, v. Warren F. Sterling, Receiver etc.;
and
No. 299. Stockholders of Hagerstown Bank and Trust Company,
appellants, v. Warren F. Sterling, Receiver etc. Argument com-
inenced by Mr. Charles F. Wagaman for the appellants.
Adjourned until tomorrow at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Thursday, January 7, will be as follows: Nos. 298
(and 299), 257, 305, 309, 325, 335, 330, 331, 398, and 332.
97624-37-42
☑

THURSDAY, JANUARY 7, 1937
112
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: The Chief Justice, Mr. Justice McReynolds, Mr. Justice
Brandeis, Mr. Justice Sutherland, Mr. Justice Butler, Mr. Justice
Roberts, and Mr. Justice Cardozo.
James J. Butler, of Washington, D. C.; P. D. Renfro, of Beau-
mont, Tex.; Spencer B. Michael, of Washington, D. C.; Donald A.
Gardiner, of Washington, D. C.; William A. Smith, Jr., of Wash-
ington, D. C.; Benjamin William Berg, of Washington, D. C.; Wil-
liam M. Snyder, of Jackson, Miss.; Bernard H. Levinson, of Seattle,
Wash.; and Albert R. Teare, of Cleveland, Ohio, were admitted to
practice.
No. 298. Stockholders of Peoples Banking Company of Smiths-
burg, Maryland, appellants, v. Warren F. Sterling, Receiver, etc.;
and
No. 299. Stockholders of Hagerstown Bank and Trust Com-
pany, appellants, v. Warren F. Sterling, Receiver, etc. Argument
continued by Mr. Charles F. Wagaman for the appellants; by Mr.
William H. Bovey and Mr. R. H. McCauley for the appellees; and
concluded by Mr. John Wagaman for the appellants.
No. 257. Guy T. Helvering, Commissioner of Internal Revenue,
petitioner, v. The Midland Mutual Life Insurance Company. Argued
by Mr. David E. Hudson for the petitioner, and by Mr. Wm. Mar-
shall Bullitt for the respondent.
No. 305. Wayne United Gas Company, petitioner, v. Owens-
Illinois Glass Company et al. Motion to dismiss submitted by Mr.
H. D. Rummel for the respondents in support of the motion, and
by Mr. Robert S. Spilman and Mr. Fred O. Blue for the petitioner
in opposition thereto.
No. 305. Wayne United Gas Company, petitioner, v. Owens-
Illinois Glass Company et al. Argument commenced by Mr. Robert
S. Spilman for the petitioner.
Adjourned until tomorrow at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Friday, January 8, will be as follows: Nos. 305,
309, 325, 335, 330, 331, 398, 332, 171, and 241.
Х
97624-37- -43

FRIDAY, JANUARY 8, 1937
113
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present The Chief Justice, Mr. Justice McReynolds, Mr. Justice
Brandeis, Mr. Justice Sutherland, Mr. Justice Butler, Mr. Justice
Roberts, and Mr. Justice Cardozo.
Spencer F. Harris, of Kansas City, Mo.; Manuel A. Medeiros, of
Bangor, Me.; Jubal Early Craig, of Phoenix, Ariz.; Charles P. Wil-
helm, of Kingwood, W. Va.; and David A. Bridewell, of Forrest
City, Ark., were admitted to practice.
No. 305. Wayne United Gas Company, petitioner, v. Owens-
Illinois Glass Company et al. Argument concluded by Mr. H. D.
Rummel for the respondents.
No. 309. S. P. Kelly, Trustee in Bankruptcy, etc., petitioner, v.
The United States of America et al. Submitted by Mr. W. B. Strat-
ton for the petitioner, and by Mr. Solicitor General Reed, Mr. As-
sistant Attorney General Jackson, Mr. Sewall Key, Mr. J. Louis
Monarch, and Miss Helen R. Carloss for the respondents.
No. 325. Morley Construction Company et al., petitioners, v. Mary-
land Casualty Company. Argued by Mr. Martin J. O'Donnell for
the petitioners, and by Mr. Spencer F. Harris for the respondent.
No. 335. United States of America, which sues for the use and
benefit of Charles P. Wilhelm, Trustee, etc., et al., petitioners, v.
Nellie Flynn Chain, Executrix, etc. Argued by Mr. F. E. Parrack
for the petitioners, and case submitted by Mr. P. J. Crogan and Mr.
Frank Cox for the respondent.
No. 330. The United States, petitioner, v. Automatic Wasser
Company. Argued by Mr. J. P. Jackson for the petitioner and by
Mr. Jesse I. Miller for the respondent.
No. 331. The United States of America, petitioner, v. A. B. Leach
& Co., Inc. Argument commenced by Mr. J. P. Jackson for the
petitioner, and continued by Mr. George K. Bowden for the
respondent.
Adjourned until Monday next at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Monday, January 11, will be as follows: Nos.
331, 398, 332, 171, 241, 295, 253, 329, 340, and 355.
97624-37——41
Х
་

MONDAY, JANUARY 11, 1937
114
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: The Chief Justice, Mr. Justice Van Devanter, Mr. Jus-
tice McReynolds, Mr. Justice Brandeis, Mr. Justice Sutherland, Mr.
Justice Butler, Mr. Justice Roberts, and Mr. Justice Cardozo.
Sarah T. Hughes, of Dallas, Tex.; Robt. L. Hurt, of Dallas, Tex.;
Irving Mariash, of New York City; Louis B. Zavin, of Hillside, N.
J.; Louis P. Longobardi, of Elizabeth, N. J.; Theodore S. Paul, of
Philadelphia, Pa.; John Flam, of Los Angeles, Calif.; Emmett P.
Delaney, of Clinton, Iowa; Ridsdale Ellis, of New York City; Clar-
ence W. Beatty, Jr., of Louisville, Ky.; Maxwell H. Robinson, of
Lowell, Mass.; Leo J. Hanley, of Portland, Oreg.; Harry F. Russell,
of Hastings, Nebr.; Phillip A. Tomek, of David City, Nebr.; A. L.
Fine, of Perth Amboy, N. J.; Stephen F. Somogyi, of Perth Amboy,
N. J.; Robert R. Troyer, of Omaha, Nebr.; Paul V. Sheehan, of Buf-
falo, N. Y.; Henry G. Ferncase, of Chicago, Ill.; Alexander C. Pen-
dleton, of Gary, Ind., and A. Evans Kephart, of Philadelphia, Pa.,
were admitted to practice.
No. 97. The United States, petitioner, v. Percy K. Hudson. On
writ of certiorari to the Court of Claims. Judgment reversed and
cause remanded to the Court of Claims for further proceedings in
conformity with the opinion of this Court. Opinion by Mr. Justice
Van Devanter.
The Chief Justice said:
"The orders of the Court appear upon the list certified by the
Chief Justice and filed with the Clerk and will not be announced
orally."
No. In re Disbarment of Jesse C. Duke. It having been shown
to the Court that Jesse C. Duke, of Washington, D. C., a member of
the bar of this Court, has been disbarred from the practice of the
law in the Supreme Court of the District of Columbia; and, on
October 26, 1936, this Court having issued its rule directing him to
show cause why he should not be disbarred from the practice of the
law in this Court; and a return having been filed to said rule; and
the Court being of opinion, upon consideration of the return, that
the said Jesse C. Duke has failed to show good cause why he should
not be disbarred,
97624-37-45

MONDAY, JANUARY 11, 1937
115
It is now ordered that the said Jesse C. Duke be, and he is hereby,
disbarred from the further practice of the law in this Court, and
that his name be, and it is hereby, stricken from the roll of attorneys
admitted to practice before the bar of this Court.
No. —, original. Ex parte: Harry Clark, petitioner. The rule to
show cause herein is discharged and the motion for leave to file
petition for writ of habeas corpus is denied.
No., original. Ex parte: John Jobissy, petitioner. The motion
for leave to file petition for writ of habeas corpus herein is denied.
No. 4, original. State of Wisconsin et al., complainants, v. State of
Illinois et al.;
No. 5, original. State of Michigan et al., complainants, v. State of
Illinois et al.; and
No. 6, original. State of New York et al., complainants, v. State of
Illinois et al. The semiannual report of the defendant Sanitary Dis-
trict of Chicago dated January 1, 1937, is received and ordered filed.
No. 243. State of Florida, ex rel. Michael C. Jones, petitioner,
v. Nathan Mayo, as State Prison Custodian, et al. On petition for
writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of the State of Florida.
The motion for leave to proceed further herein in forma pauperis
is denied for the reason that the Court, upon examination of the
papers herein submitted, finds no ground upon which a writ of cer-
tiorari should be granted. The petition for writ of certiorari is
therefore also denied.
No. 573. Highland Farms Dairy, Incorporated, et al., appellants,
v. J. P. Agnew, Chairman, et al., etc. In this case probable juris-
diction is noted.
No. 562. The United States of America, petitioner, v. Harry J.
Madigan. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Cir-
cuit Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit granted.
No. 563. Park L. Hoffman, substituted for R. G. Holsing, Receiver,
etc., petitioner, v. Henry I. Rauch, Administrator, et al. Petition
for writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals
for the Third Circuit granted.
No. 379. John Pelkes and Evelyn H. Treinies, petitioners, v.
Katherine Mason and T. R. Mason, her husband. Petition for writ
of certiorari to the Supreme Court of the State of Idaho denied.
No. 554. Lottie M. Ogilvie, petitioner, v. The Dexter Horton
Estate et al., etc. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Circuit Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit denied.
No. 565. William Bateman, Trustee in Bankruptcy, etc., petitioner,
v. Ideal Building and Loan Association. Petition for writ of cer-
tiorari to the United States Circuit of Appeals for the Third Cir-
cuit denied.

MONDAY, JANUARY 11, 1937
116
No. 582. Lillie G. Gage et al., petitioners, v. W. E. Brusselback
et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit
Court of Appeals for the Seventh Circuit denied.
No. 556. Mae Scheible and Joe Ryan, petitioners, v. The United
States of America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United
States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit denied.
No. 34. The United States of America, petitioner, v. Raymond
Wood;
No. 509. Magnolia Petroleum Company, petitioner, v. G. T. Blank-
enship et al.;
No. 546. Claudian B. Northrop et al., appellants, v. William L.
Beale et al.; and
No. 553. Otto Van Dyke, petitioner, v. State of Michigan. Peti-
tions for rehearing denied.
Mr. Justice Stone took no part in the consideration or decision
of the cases in which judgment and orders are this day announced.
The Court will take a recess from Monday, January 18, to
Wednesday, January 20, and from that day to Monday, February 1,
next.
No. , original. Ex parte: Hiram Steelman, trustee, etc., peti-
tioner. Motion for leave to file petition for writ of prohibition
and/or mandamus submitted by Mr. C. Brewster Rhoades for the
petitioner.
No. 451. William Whitlock Brush, petitioner, v. Commissioner of
Internal Revenue. Leave granted the State of New York to appear
and participate in the oral argument as amicus curiae on motion
of Mr. Henry Epstein in that behalf.
No. 331. The United States of America, petitioner, v. A. B. Leach
& Co., Inc. Argument continued by Mr. George K. Bowden for the
respondent and concluded by Mr. J. P. Jackson for the petitioner.
No. 398. Founders General Corporation, petitioner, v. James J.
Hoey, Collector of United States Internal Revenue, etc. Argued by
Mr. Royal E. T. Riggs for the petitioner and by Mr. J. P. Jackson
for the respondent.
No. 332. Francis I. DuPont et al., etc., petitioners, v. The United
States of America. Argued by Mr. Irving Mariash for the peti-
tioners and by Mr. Thurman Arnold for the respondent.

MONDAY, JANUARY 11, 1937
117
No. 171. Henry C. Hill, Warden, etc., petitioner, v. United States
ex rel. Joseph Weiner. Argued by Mr. Assistant Attorney General
Dickinson for the petitioner and by Mr. Seth W. Richardson for the
respondent.
No. 241. George Pope, Theo Tsounias, et al., appellants, v. L. W.
Blanton, County Judge, et al. Argument commenced by Mr. John B.
Sutton for the appellants.
Adjourned until tomorrow at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Tuesday, January 12, will be as follows: Nos.
241, 295, 253, 329, 340, 370, 374, 389, 307, and 442.
Х

TUESDAY, JANUARY 12, 1937
118
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: The Chief Justice, Mr. Justice Van Devanter, Mr. Justice
McReynolds, Mr. Justice Brandeis, Mr. Justice Sutherland, Mr.
Justice Butler, Mr. Justice Roberts, and Mr. Justice Cardozo.
Elmer R. Milburn, of Detroit, Mich.; Oscar A. Kaufman, of De-
troit, Mich.; Ignatius Edward Uzzo, of New Orleans, La.; Albert E.
Champney, of Detroit, Mich.; L. W. Horning, of Indianapolis, Ind.;
Sol Rothbard, of Washington, D. C.; Will A. Morriss, of San An-
tonio, Tex.; Francis Patrick Fenton, of Boston, Mass.; John A. K.
Donovan, of Washington, D. C.; Stanley A. McCaskey, Jr., of Pitts-
burgh, Pa.; James T. Seavey, of Bethlehem, Pa.; Laurence Elmer
Voorhees, of Washington, D. C.; Morton Isaacs, of Union City, N. J.;
J. Frank Weigand, of Keyport, N. J.; William Cohen, of Union City,
N. J.; Isador Haber, of Weehawken, N. J.; Bernard I. Nordlinger, of
Washington, D. C.; and Leland Frierson James, Jr., of Washington,
D. C., were admitted to practice.
No. 442. Charles J. O'Connor et al., petitioners, v. A. Lawrence
Mills et al. Submitted by Mr. J. A. Tellier for the petitioners and
by Mr. J. W. House for the respondents.
No. 241. George Pope, Theo Tsounias, et al., appellants, v. L. W.
Blanton, County Judge, et al. Argument continued by Mr. John B.
Sutton for the appellants; by Mr. W. P. Allen for the appellees; and
concluded by Mr. H. E. Carter for the appellees.
No. 295. Legh R. Powell, Jr., and Henry W. Anderson, as Re-
ceivers, etc., appellants, v. The United States of America et al.
Argument commenced by Mr. Charles T. Abeles for the appellants;
continued by Mr. Assistant Attorney General Dickinson for the
appellees, The United States and Interstate Commerce Commission;
by Mr. T. M. Cunningham for the appellee, H. D. Pollard, Receiver,
etc.; and concluded by Mr. W. R. C. Cocke for the appellants.
No. 253. Wayne County Board of Review et al., appellants, v.
Great Lakes Steel Corporation. Argument commenced by Mr. Albert
E. Champney for the appellants and continued by Mr. Oscar A.
Kaufman for the appellants.
Adjourned until tomorrow at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Wednesday, January 13, will be as follows: Nos.
253, 329, 340, 370, 374, 389, 307, 440 (and 441), 404, and 451.
97624-37--46
☑

WEDNESDAY, JANUARY 13, 1937
119
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: The Chief Justice, Mr. Justice Van Devanter, Mr. Justice
McReynolds, Mr. Justice Brandeis, Mr. Justice Sutherland, Mr. Jus-
tice Butler, Mr. Justice Roberts, and Mr. Justice Cardozo.
F. Gerald Toye, of Washington, D. C.; Samuel Slaff, of New York
City; H. B. Betty, of Davenport, Iowa; Gerald J. Craugh, of New
York City; Harold J. Treanor, of New York City; Mortimer Hays,
of New York City; Richard Steel, of New York City; S. Philip
Cohen, of New York City; Marion E. Schwartz, of Washington,
D. C.; George E. Tolman, of Washington, D. C.; Warner H. Parker,
of Washington, D. C.; George Bronz, of New York City; C. Coolidge
Kreis, of San Francisco, Calif.; William Gilligan, of New York City;
Lawrence B. Dunn, of Appleton, Wis.; and Charles E. Bernstein, of
Brooklyn, N. Y., were admitted to practice.
No. 370. Marian S. Honeyman, appellant, v. Herbert G. Hanan, as
Executor, etc. Leave granted the State of New York to appear and
present oral argument as amicus curiae on motion of Mr. John F. X.
McGohey in that behalf.
No. 253. Wayne County Board of Review et al., appellants, v.
Great Lakes Steel Corporation. Argument continued by Mr. Pre-
witt Semmes for the appellee and concluded by Mr. Albert E. Champ-
ney for the appellants.
No. 329. The United States of America, petitioner, v. John J. Giles.
Argued by Mr. Assistant Attorney General McMahon for the peti-
tioner, and by Mr. Will A. Morriss for the respondent.
No. 340. Etienne Dugas, petitioner, v. American Surety Company
of New York. Argument commenced by Mr. Ignatius E. Uzzo for
the petitioner, and continued by Mr. Harry McCall for the re-
spondent.
Adjourned until tomorrow at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Thursday, January 14, will be as follows: Nos.
340, 370, 374, 389, 307, 440 (and 441), 404, 451, and 454 (and
455).
97624-37- -47
Х

THURSDAY, JANUARY 14, 1937
120
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: The Chief Justice, Mr. Justice Van Devanter, Mr. Justice
McReynolds, Mr. Justice Brandeis, Mr. Justice Sutherland, Mr.
Justice Butler, Mr. Justice Roberts, and Mr. Justice Cardozo.
Henry Weiner, of New York City; John L. Flynn, of New York
City; Theodore Ellenbogen, of Washington, D. C.; Moses E. Cantor,
of Johnson City, Tenn.; James S. Benn, Jr., of Philadelphia, Pa.;
Mark E. Lefever, of Philadelphia, Pa.; Francis S. Walker, of Wash-
ington, D. C.; Agnes S. Gilligan, of New York City; Jeremiah P.
O'Mahoney, of Gainesville, Fla.; W. McNeil Kennedy, of Chicago,
Ill.; David Cohn, of Paterson, N. J.; Anthony F. Tuozzo, of Brook-
lyn, N. Y.; James T. Carey, of Hoopeston, Ill.; Chas. G. Yankey, of
Wichita, Kans.; Clarence H. Peck, of Arlington, Va.; Cromwell
Warner, of Washington, D. C.; Cecil A. Jones, of Washington, D. C.;
Frank S. Righeimer, Jr., of Chicago, Ill.; Michael B. Driscoll, of
Washington, D. C.; Wm. R. Tyers, Jr., of Washington, D. C.; Isadore
Becker, of Washington, D. C.; Reuben Goldberg, of Washington,
D. C.; John Aiken Murray, of Boston, Mass.; and R. V. Pollard, Jr.,
of Greenwood, Miss., were admitted to practice.
No. 340. Etienne Dugas, petitioner, v. American Surety Company
of New York. Argument continued by Mr. Harry McCall for the
respondent, and concluded by Mr. Ignatius E. Uzzo for the petitioner.
No. 370. Marian S. Honeyman, appellant, v. Herbert G. Hanan,
as Executor etc. Argued by Mr. Robert B. Honeyman for the appel-
lant; by Mr. James S. Brown, Jr., for the appellee; and by Mr. John
F. X. McGohey for the State of New York as amicus curiae, by
special leave of Court.
No. 374. William Lauro et al., appellants, v. Wendell P. Barker
et al. Argument commenced by Mr. Henry N. Rapaport for the
appellants. The Court declined to hear further argument.
No. 389. The Knox National Farm Loan Association et al., peti-
tioners, v. Arthur C. Phillips. Argument commenced by Mr. Peyton
R. Evans for the petitioners.
Adjourned until tomorrow at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Friday, January. 15, will be as follows: Nos.
389, 307, and 440 (and 441).
97624-37- -48
☑
N

FRIDAY, JANUARY 15, 1937
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
121
Present: The Chief Justice, Mr. Justice Van Devanter, Mr. Justice
McReynolds, Mr. Justice Brandeis, Mr. Justice Sutherland, Mr. Jus-
tice Butler, Mr. Justice Roberts, and Mr. Justice Cardozo.
B. E. Baker, of Atlanta, Ga.; Hildegarde I. Poppenberg, of Buf-
falo, N. Y.; Walter S. Ruff, of Canton, Ohio; George Milton Stack-
house, of Washington, D. C.; Louis Rudner, of Trenton, N. J.;
Harland Bryant Tibbetts, of New York City; George F. Lewis, of
New York City; Daniel J. Raedy, of Washington, D. C.; Patrick J.
Cavanaugh, of Washington, D. C.; Robert J. Bartoo, of Washington,
D. C.; Benjamin Freidson, of Washington, D. C.; Cecil S. Down, of
Hoosick Falls, N. Y.; David Simons, of Lawrence, Mass.; Donald
U. Rich, of Teaneck, N. J.; George R. Ericson, of Kirkwood, Mo.;
Edward F. Howrey, of Washington, D. C.; Thomas S. Markey, of
Washington, D. C.; F. G. Coates, of Houston, Tex.; John S. Lord, of
Chicago, Ill.; Charles W. Phifer, of Washington. D. C.; Frederick
E. Robey, of Washington, D. C.; William Radner, of New York City;
Edward F. New, of Indianapolis, Ind.; and Edward Lustgarten, of
Indianapolis, Ind., were admitted to practice.
No. 347. The City of New York, petitioner, v. Saul Goldstein,
Trustee in Bankruptcy, etc. Motion for leave to file petition for
rehearing submitted by Mr. Paxton Blair for the petitioner.
No. 379. John Pelkes et al., petitioners, v. Katherine Mason et al.
Motion to withhold order denying petition for writ of certiorari sub-
mitted by Mr. Webster Ballinger for the petitioners in support of
the motion and by Mr. George B. Springston for the respondents
in opposition thereto.
No. 389. The Knox National Farm Loan Association et al., peti-
tioners, v. Arthur C. Phillips. Argument continued by Mr. Peyton
R. Evans for the petitioner; by Mr. William E. Richardson for the
respondent; and concluded by Mr. Peyton R. Evans for the petitioner.
No. 307. Isbrandtsen-Moller Co., Inc., appellant, v. The United
States of America et al. Argued by Mr. James W. Ryan for the
appellant and by Mr. Assistant Attorney General Dickinson for the
appellees.
97624-37-49

FRIDAY, JANUARY 15, 1937
122
No. 440. The American Life Insurance Company, petitioner, v.
Reese Smith Stewart, Junior, et al.; and
No. 441. The American Life Insurance Company, petitioner, v.
Ora Inez Stewart et al. Argued by Mr. William C. Michaels for
the petitioner, and by Mr. Charles G. Yankey for the respondents.
Adjourned until Monday, January 18, next at 12 o'clock.
Х

MONDAY, JANUARY 18, 1937
123
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: The Chief Justice, Mr. Justice Van Devanter, Mr. Justice
Brandeis, Mr. Justice Sutherland, Mr. Justice Butler, Mr. Justice
Roberts, and Mr. Justice Cardozo.
Thos. C. Hennings, Jr., of St. Louis, Mo.; Jas. R. McBride, of
Lindsay, Calif.; William Hawkins Ellis, of Birmingham, Ala.;
Violet Lowry, of Washington, D. C.; Fred M. Williams, of Chatta-
nooga, Tenn.; Ida Klaus, of Brooklyn, N. Y.; Carl C. Alpern, of
Syracuse, N. Y.; E. L. McHaney, Jr., of Little Rock, Ark.; Harold J.
Jacobs, of Newark, N. J.; Harold Heller, of Kearny, N. J.; Kern
Grant Beasley, of Linton, Ind.; Clyde E. Thomas, of Big Springs,
Tex.; Marvin Gladwin Poteet, of Vernon, Tex.; William A. Brophy,
of Albuquerque, N. Mex.; Francis C. Ott, of Long Island City, N. Y.;
Harry H. Weinberger, of Newark, N. J.; Charles Lewis Curtiss, Jr.,
of Washington, D. C.; Ira D. Scott, of Washington, D. C.; Aram
G. Panossian, of Washington, D. C.; Richard E. McIntosh, of Tren-
ton, N. J.; Charles S. Muir, of Washington, D. C.; Clara C. Gore,
of Oklahoma City, Okla.; James E. Doherty, Jr., of New York City;
Edward Gallagher, of New Haven, Conn.; Arthur L. Winn, Jr., of
Washington, D. C.; William M. Malone, of Denison, Tex.; A. Joseph
Geist, of New York City; Herbert P. Haley, of Washington, D. C.;
Jerome K. Lyle, of Washington, D. C.; Archibald M. Matthews, of
Somerset, Pa.; Leland W. Walker, of Somerset, Pa.; Lee R. La-
Rochelle, of Chicago, Ill.; Joseph A. Roney, of Providence, R. I.;
Edwin Tanner Cosby, of Washington, D. C.; Lee C. Hosley, of
Washington, D. C.; Laurie Barnes, of Arlington, Va.; Lewis L.
Prout, of Mt. Home, Idaho; Henry Reece Harrison, of Hardin,
Ky.; Milton E. Diehl, of Washington, D. C.; Nell Guinn, of
Washington, D. C.; Genevieve Thompson Smith, of Portland, Oreg.;
Richard J. Kirkland, of Washington, D. C.; Robert E. Lee Goff,
of Washington, D. C.; Harold G. Mosier, of Cleveland, Ohio;
Edgar R. Fenton, of Oklahoma City, Okla.; William G. Hamilton,
of Fort Smith, Ark.; Charles E. Pollard, of Petersburg, Va.; Francis
G. Cole, of Washington, D. C.; Harold F. Watson, of Washington,
D. C.; Kenneth C. Miller, of Marfa, Tex.; Robert F. Mahoney, of
New York City; Clyde B. Aitchison, Jr., of Plainview, Tex.; H. Max
Ammerman, of Washington, D. C.; John A. Bennett, of Montclair,
N. J.; C. Joseph Danahy, of New York City; Everard Hinshaw, of
Little Rock., Ark.; Marcus B. Sacks, of Philadelphia, Pa.; Samuel
Frankel, of New York City; Mercia Leton, of Portland, Oreg.; Leon
97624-37-50

MONDAY, JANUARY 18, 1937
124
Sacks, of Philadelphia, Pa.; James A. Tumulty, Jr., of Jersey City,
N. J.; Nochem S. Winnet, of Philadelphia, Pa.; Randolph C. Rich-
ardson, of Washington, D. C.; Lewis E. Pennish, of Chicago, Ill.;
Israel Harvey Levinson, of Chicago, Ill.; Glenn Earl Whitney, of
Glendale, Calif.; Arthur C. Miller, of San Francisco, Calif.; W. C.
Dickey, of Leoti, Kans.; Fleming A. Waters, of Austin, Tex.; Robert
L. Montgomery, Jr., of North Little Rock, Ark.; Sam E. Montgom-
ery, of North Little Rock, Ark.; Stanley Cohen, of Long Branch,
N. J.; Morey M. Beck, of Jersey City, N. J.; and Max Winograd, of
Providence, R. I., were admitted to practice.
The Chief Justice announced the following orders of the Court:
No. 584. City Bus Company, appellant, v. State of Mississippi.
Appeal from the Supreme Court of the State of Mississippi. Per
curiam: The appeal herein is dismissed for failure of the appellant
to comply with Rule 12.
No. 603. Southern Nebraska Power Company and Village of Ayr,
appellants, v. State of Nebraska, ex rel. C. A. Sorensen, Attorney
General. Appeal from the Supreme Court of the State of Nebraska.
Per curiam: The appeal herein is dismissed (1) for the reason that
the judgment sought here to be reviewed is based upon a non-federal
ground adequate to support it, Electric Co. v. Dow, 166 U. S. 489,
492, 493; Pierce v. Somerset Railway, 171 U. S. 641, 648; Leonard
v. Vicksburg, etc., Ry. Co., 198 U. S. 416, 422, 423; Gause v. Detroit
Trust Co., 297 U. S. 695, (2) in so far as a federal question is sought
to be presented, for the want of a substantial federal question,
Zucht v. King, 260 U. S. 174, 176; Sugarman v. United States, 249
U. S. 182, 184; Texas & Pacific Ry. Co. v. Texas, 296 U. S. 552.
No. 241. George Pope, Theo Tsounias, et al., appellants, v. L. W.
Blanton, County Judge, et al. Appeal from the District Court of
the United States for the Northern District of Florida. Per curiam:
The decree of the District Court is modified and the cause is re-
manded with directions to dismiss the bill for want of jurisdiction
by reason of the absence of the requisite jurisdictional amount.
McNutt v. General Motors, etc., Corp., 298 U. S. 178; KVOS, Inc.
v. The Associated Press, 299 U. S. - (decided December 14, 1936).
No. 374. William Lauro, Martin Schwartz, et al., appellants, v.
Wendell P. Barker, Louis S. Posner, et al. Appeal from the Su-
preme Court of the State of New York. Per curiam: The motion
of the appellees to affirm the judgment is granted, and the judgment
is affirmed. (1) Bellingham Bay, etc., Co. v. New Whatcom, 172
U. S. 314, 318, 319; Goodrich v. Ferris, 214 U. S. 71, 81; Wick v.
Chelan Electric Co., 280 U. S. 108, 110, 111. (2) Gilfillan v. Union
Canal Co., 109 U. S. 401.

MONDAY, JANUARY 18, 1937
125
No. 347. The City of New York, petitioner, v. Saul Goldstein,
Trustee in Bankruptcy of Isidor Lazaroff, Doing business as Crown
Men's Shop. On petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Circuit Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit. Per curiam: The
motion for leave to file a petition for rehearing is granted. The
order heretofore entered on October 26, 1936, denying the petition
for writ of certiorari herein is vacated, and the petition for writ
of certiorari is granted. The decree of the Circuit Court of Appeals
is reversed and the case is remanded to the District Court for fur-
ther proceedings. In the Matter of Atlas Television Co., Inc.,
- N. Y. - (decided December 31, 1936).
-
The Chief Justice said:
"The other orders of the Court appear upon the list certified by the
Chief Justice and filed with the Clerk and will not be announced
orally."
No. . In re Disbarment of Louis Fried. It having been shown
to the Court that Louis Fried, of Washington, D. C., a member of
the bar of this Court, has been disbarred from the practice of the
law in the District Court of the United States for the District of
Columbia; and, on December 7, 1936, this Court having issued its
rule directing him to show cause why he should not be disbarred
from the practice of the law in this Court; and the said Fried having
consented that any further order be entered without notice to him,
It is now ordered that the said Louis Fried be, and he is hereby,
disbarred from the further practice of the law in this Court, and
that his name be, and it is hereby, stricken from the roll of attorneys
admitted to practice before the bar of this Court.
No.
-
-, original. Ex parte: Arthur O'Toole, petitioner. The
motion for leave to file petition for writ of habeas corpus herein is
denied.
No. 638. Hiram Steelman, Trustee in Bankruptcy, etc., petitioner,
v. All Continent Corporation. The petition for a temporary restrain-
ing order and injunction, pending action of this Court upon the
petition for a writ of certiorari filed herein, is granted, and
It is ordered that, until this Court acts upon the petition for writ
of certiorari, All Continent Corporation, its officers, agents, attor-
neys, and employees be, and they are hereby, enjoined from proceed-
ing in any manner against the petitioner herein in a suit in equity
now pending in the United States District Court for the Eastern
District of Pennsylvania entitled "All Continent Corporation, Plain-
tiff v. John S. Wynn et al., Defendants", being cause No. 9533 on the
equity docket of said court.

MONDAY, JANUARY 18, 1937
126
No. 379. John Pelkes and Evelyn H. Treinies, petitioners, v.
Katherine Mason et al. The motion of petitioners to withhold order
denying petition for writ of certiorari is denied.
No. 628. Jeptha Stephen Freeman, petitioner, v. The United States
of America. On petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Circuit Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit. The motion for
leave to proceed further herein in forma pauperis is denied for the
reason that the Court, upon examination of the papers herein sub-
mitted finds no ground upon which a writ of certiorari should be
granted. The petition for writ of certiorari is therefore also denied.
No. 558. Alaska Packers Association, petitioner, v. Warren H.
Pillsbury, as Deputy Commissioner, etc., et al. Petition for writ of
certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the
Ninth Circuit granted limited to the question of the operation of
the Act of February 13, 1925, and its effect upon Rule 1 of the
Admiralty Rules of the Circuit Court of Appeals for the Ninth Cir-
cuit with respect to the mode of taking an appeal.
No. 552. E. Pat Kelly, as Director of the Department of Labor
and Industries, etc., et al., petitioners, v. State of Washington, on
the relation of Foss Company, Inc., et al. Petition for writ of
certiorari to the Supreme Court of the State of Washington granted.
No. 559. General Baking Company, petitioner, v. Luther A. Harr,
Secretary, etc., et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United
States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Third Circuit granted.
No. 575. William Elmer Brown, Jr., petitioner, v. Edward J.
O'Keefe, Receiver, etc. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United
States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Third Circuit granted.
No. 569. S. H. Kress & Company, petitioner, v. W. P. Reaves.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of
Appeals for the Fourth Circuit denied.
No. 571. Santino Servilli, petitioner, v. People of the State of
Illinois. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of the
State of Illinois denied.
No. 151. Mrs. John S. Meadows, petitioner, v. The Irving Trust
Company, as Trustee, etc., et al. Petition for rehearing denied.
Mr. Justice Stone took no part in the consideration or decision of
the cases in which judgments and orders are this day announced.

Х
MONDAY, JANUARY 18, 1937
127
No. 2, original. The State of Vermont, complainant, v. The State
of New Hampshire. Supplemental report of Special Commissioner
presented.
Adjourned until Wednesday, January 20, next, at 11 o'clock.
The day call for Monday, February 1, next, will be as follows: Nos.
207 (208 and 209), 228, 355, 397, 404, 227, 406, 446, 451, and
454 (and 455).

!
WEDNESDAY, JANUARY 20, 1937
128
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: The Chief Justice, Mr. Justice Van Devanter, Mr. Justice
McReynolds, Mr. Justice Sutherland, Mr. Justice Butler, Mr. Justice
Roberts, and Mr. Justice Cardozo.
;
The Court took a recess for the purpose of attending the inaugura-
tion of the President of the United States.
The oath of office was administered to the Honorable Franklin
Delano Roosevelt as President of the United States by the Chief
Justice, and the Court reconvened.
Adjourned until Monday, February 1 next, at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Monday, February 1, will be as follows: Nos. 207
(208 and 209), 228, 355, 397, 404, 227, 406, 446, 451, and 454
(and 455).
97624-37- ―51

MONDAY, FEBRUARY 1, 1937
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
129
Present: The Chief Justice, Mr. Justice Van Devanter, Mr. Justice
McReynolds, Mr. Justice Brandeis, Mr. Justice Sutherland, Mr. Jus-
tice Butler, Mr. Justice Stone, Mr. Justice Roberts, and Mr. Justice
Cardozo.
R. K. Lewis, of West Palm Beach, Fla.; Weldon G. Starry, of
Tallahassee, Fla.; Raymond R. Brady, of Salt Lake City, Utah;
Wilber Stammler, of New York City; E. G. Ward, of Piggott, Ark.;
O. T. Ward, of Rector, Ark.; Daniel F. McCormack, of Boston,
Mass.; Irving Graff, of Washington, D. C.; Walter O. Schell, of
Los Angeles, Calif.; Frank W. Richards, of Los Angeles, Calif.;
Edward R. Sloan, of Topeka, Kans.; and Eldon R. Sloan, of Topeka,
Kans., were admitted to practice.
No. 298. Stockholders of Peoples Banking Company of Smiths-
burg, Maryland, appellants, v. Warren F. Sterling, Receiver for
Peoples Banking Company of Smithsburg, Maryland, etc.; and
No. 299. Stockholders of Hagerstown Bank and Trust Company,
appellants, v. Warren F. Sterling, Receiver for Hagerstown Bank
and Trust Company, etc. Appeals from the Court of Appeals of
the State of Maryland. Judgments affirmed with costs. Opinion
by Mr. Justice Cardozo.
No. 325. Morley Construction Company et al., petitioners, v. Mary-
land Casualty Company. On writ of certiorari to the United States
Circuit Court of Appeals for the Eighth Circuit. Decree reversed
with costs and cause remanded to the said Circuit Court of Appeals
for further proceedings in conformity with the opinion of this
Court. Opinion by Mr. Justice Cardozo.
No. 389. The Knox National Farm Loan Association and The
Federal Land Bank of Louisville, petitioners, v. Arthur C. Phillips.
On writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals of the State of Ohio.
Decree reversed with costs and cause remanded to said Court of
Appeals for further proceedings not inconsistent with the opinion
of this Court. Opinion by Mr. Justice Cardozo.
No. 440. The American Life Insurance Company, petitioner, v.
Reese Smith Stewart, Junior, and Ora Inez Stewart, as Executrix,
etc.; and
97624-37--52

MONDAY, FEBRUARY 1, 1937
130
No. 441. The American Life Insurance Company, petitioner, v.
Ora Inez Stewart and Ora Inez Stewart, as Executrix, etc. On
writs of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for
the Tenth Circuit. Decrees reversed with costs and cases remanded
to the said Circuit Court of Appeals for further proceedings in
conformity with the opinion of this Court. Opinion by Mr. Justice
Cardozo.
No. 235. Richmond Mortgage & Loan Corporation, appellant, v.
Wachovia Bank and Trust Company et al. Appeal from the Su-
preme Court of the State of North Carolina. Judgment affirmed
with costs. Opinion by Mr. Justice Roberts.
No. 305. Wayne United Gas Company, petitioner, v. Owens-
Illinois Glass Company et al. On writ of certiorari to the United
States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Fourth Circuit. Motion to
dismiss writ of certiorari overruled. Decree reversed with costs and
cause remanded to the said Circuit Court of Appeals for further
proceedings in conformity with the opinion of this Court. Opinion
by Mr. Justice Roberts.
No. 307. Isbrandtsen-Moller Co., Inc., appellant, v. The United
States of America et al. Appeal from the District Court of the
United States for the Southern District of New York. Decree af-
firmed. Opinion by Mr. Justice Roberts.
No. 332. Francis I. Dupont, Edmund Dupont, et al., etc., peti-
tioners, v. The United States of America. On writ of certiorari to
the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit.
Judgment affirmed and cause remanded to the District Court of the
United States for the Southern District of New York. Opinion by
Mr. Justice Roberts.
No. 20. Great Northern Railway Company, appellant, v. State of
Washington. Appeal from the Supreme Court of the State of Wash-
ington. Judgment reversed with costs and cause remanded to the
said Supreme Court for further proceedings not inconsistent with
the opinion of this Court. Opinion by Mr. Justice Roberts. Dis-
senting opinion by Mr. Justice Cardozo in which the Chief Justice,
Mr. Justice Brandeis, and Mr. Justice Stone join.
No. 217. Midland Realty Company, appellant, v. Kansas City
Power and Light Company. Appeal from the Supreme Court of the
State of Missouri. Judgment affirmed with costs. Opinion by Mr.
Justice Butler.
No. 254. Homer S. Cummings, Attorney General of the United
States, and W. A. Julian, as Treasurer of the United States, peti-
tioners, v. Deutsche Bank und Disconto-Gesellschaft. On writ of
certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the District of
Columbia. Judgment reversed and cause remanded to the District

MONDAY, FEBRUARY 1, 1937
131
Court of the United States for the District of Columbia for further
proceedings in conformity with the opinion of this Court. Opinion
by Mr. Justice Butler. Mr. Justice Roberts took no part in the con-
sideration or decision of this case.
No. 266. Harold L. Ickes, Secretary of the Interior, petitioner, v.
Mazine Z. Fox et al.;
No. 267. Harold L. Ickes, Secretary of the Interior, petitioner, v.
Phillip Louis Parks et al.; and
No. 268. Harold L. Ickes, Secretary of the Interior, petitioner, v.
Jacob F. Ottmuller. On writs of certiorari to the United States
Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia. Decrees affirmed and
cases remanded to the District Court of the United States for the
District of Columbia. Opinion by Mr. Justice Sutherland.
No. 224. Osaka Shosen Kaisha Line, Claimant of the Steamship
"Santos Maru", petitioner, v. The United States of America. On
writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for
the Fifth Circuit. Decree affirmed and cause remanded to the Dis-
trict Court of the United States for the Southern District of Texas.
Opinion by Mr. Justice Sutherland.
No. 171. Henry C. Hill, Warden, United States Northeastern
Penitentiary, petitioner, v. United States ex rel. Joseph Weiner. On
writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for
the Third Circuit. Judgment reversed and cause remanded to the
District Court of the United States for the Middle District of Penn-
sylvania for further proceedings in conformity with the opinion of
this Court. Opinion by Mr. Justice Sutherland.
No. 89. Ernest O. Thompson, C. V. Terrell, et al., appellants, v.
Consolidated Gas Utilities Corporation and Texoma Natural Gas
Company. Appeal from the District Court of the United States for
the Western District of Texas. Decree affirmed with costs. Opinion
by Mr. Justice Brandeis.
No. 255. The Elmhurst Cemetery Company of Joliet, petitioner,
v. Commissioner of Internal Revenue. On writ of certiorari to the
United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Seventh Circuit.
Judgment of the United States Circuit Court of Appeals reversed
and judgment of the Board of Tax Appeals affirmed and cause re-
manded to the said Circuit Court of Appeals for further proceedings
in conformity with the opinion of this Court. Opinion by Mr.
Justice McReynolds.
No. 329. The United States of America, petitioner, v. John J.
Giles. On writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of
Appeals for the Fifth Circuit. Judgment of the United States Cir-
cuit Court of Appeals reversed and judgment of the District Court
of the United States for the Western District of Texas affirmed and

MONDAY, FEBRUARY 1, 1937
132
cause remanded to said District Court for further proceedings in
conformity with the opinion of this Court. Opinion by Mr. Justice
McReynolds.
No. 309. S. P. Kelly, Trustee in Bankruptcy for the Carlisle Pack-
ing Company, a corporation, bankrupt, petitioner, v. The United
States of America and the Collector of Internal Revenue for the United
States of America et al. On writ of certiorari to the United States
Circuit Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit. Judgment reversed
and cause remanded to the said Circuit Court of Appeals for further
proceedings in conformity with the opinion of this Court. Opinion
by Mr. Justice McReynolds.
No. 335. United States of America, which sues for the use and
benefit of Charles P. Wilhelm, Trustee, etc., et al., petitioners, v.
Nellie Flynn Chain, Executrix, etc. On writ of certiorari to the
United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Fourth Circuit.
Judgment of the said Circuit Court of Appeals reversed with costs
and judgment of the District Court of the United States for the
Northern District of West Virginia affirmed and cause remanded to
said District Court for further proceedings in conformity with the
opinion of this Court. Opinion by Mr. Justice Van Devanter.
No. 280. George W. Taber, Treasurer of Payne County, Oklahoma,
petitioner, v. Indian Territory Illuminating Oil Company. On writ
of certiorari to the Supreme Court of the State of Oklahoma. Judg-
ment reversed with costs and cause remanded to the said Supreme
Court for further proceedings not inconsistent with the opinion of
this Court. Opinion by Mr. Chief Justice Hughes.
No. 247. Edward T. Blair, petitioner, v. Commissioner of Internal
Revenue. On writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of
Appeals for the Seventh Circuit. Judgment reversed and cause
remanded to the said Circuit Court of Appeals with direction to
affirm the decision of the Board of Tax Appeals. Opinion by Mr.
Chief Justice Hughes.
No. 370. Marian S. Honeyman, appellant, v. Herbert G. Hanan, as
Executor of the Last Will and Testament of Herbert W. Hanan,
deceased. Appeal from the Supreme Court of the State of New
York. Judgment vacated, each party to pay its own costs, and
cause remanded to the said Supreme Court for further proceed-
ings not inconsistent with the opinion of this Court. Opinion by
Mr. Chief Justice Hughes.
No. 442. Charles J. O'Connor et al., petitioners, v. A. Lawrence
Mills et al. On writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit
Court of Appeals for the Eighth Circuit. Order reversed with
costs and cause remanded to the said Circuit Court of Appeals for

MONDAY, FEBRUARY 1, 1937
133
further proceedings in conformity with the opinion of this Court.
Opinion, per curiam, announced by Mr. Chief Justice Hughes.
No. 253. Wayne County Board of Review, Fred W. Castator et al.,
appellants, v. Great Lakes Steel Corporation. Appeal from the
District Court of the United States for the Eastern District of
Michigan. Decree affirmed with costs. Opinion, per curiam, an-
nounced by Mr. Chief Justice Hughes.
The Chief Justice announced the following order of the Court:
No. 648. First Bank Stock Corporation, appellant, v. State of
Minnesota. Appeal from the Supreme Court of the State of Minne-
sota. Per curiam: The appeal herein is dismissed upon the au-
thority of Rio Grande Ry. v. Stringham, 239 U. S. 44, 47. Mr. Jus-
tice Butler took no part in the consideration or decision of this case.
The Chief Justice said:
"The other orders of the Court appear upon the list certified by the
Chief Justice and filed with the Clerk and will not be announced
orally."
No.In Re Disbarment of Jesse C. Duke. The motion to vacate
order of disbarment herein is denied.
No. 2, original. State of Vermont, complainant, v. State of New
Hampshire. The supplemenal report of the Special Commissioner
herein is received and ordered filed.
No. 35. Samuel B. Smith, petitioner, v. A. B. Hall et al.;
No. 36. Samuel B. Smith, petitioner, v. James Manufacturing
Company et al.;
No. 103. District of Columbia, petitioner, v. Ethel Clawans; and
No. 418. Harold H. Henneford et al., etc., appellants, v. Silas
Mason Company, Inc., et al. These cases are restored to the docket
and assigned for reargument on Monday, March 1, next.
No. 436. Abe Schwartz et al., petitioners, v. Irving Trust Com-
pany, as Trustee, etc., et al. It is ordered that the third and fourth
sentences of the opinion delivered in this cause on January 4, 1937,
be amended to read as follows: "Their leases were rejected in a
bankruptcy proceeding pending when the reorganization section was
adopted. All of the leases contained indemnity covenants similar to
that considered in No. 354." The petition for rehearing is denied.
No. 660. Elbert B. Lindsey and E. R. Lindsey, petitioners, v. State
of Washington. The motion for leave to proceed in forma pauperis
is granted.

MONDAY, FEBRUARY 1, 1937
134
No. 625. Fred L. Fox, Individually, etc., appellant, v. The Bravo
Contracting Company;
No. 652. The Great Atlantic & Pacific Tea Company et al., appel-
lants, v. Alice Lee Grosjean, Supervisor, etc., et al.;
No. 647. First Bank Stock Corporation, appellant, v. State of
Minnesota; and
No. 658. Paul Senn, appellant, v. Tile Layers Protective Union,
etc., et al. In these cases probable jurisdiction is noted.
No. 599. Carl F. Stoehmann et al., petitioners, v. Mutual Life In-
surance Company of New York. Petition for writ of certiorari to
the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Third Circuit
granted limited to the question of the application and effect of the
incontestability clause in policy No. 4,361,192.
No. 627. Bernard Joseph Mumm, petitioner, v. Jacob E. Decker
& Sons. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit
Court of Appeals for the Eighth Circuit granted.
No. 600. The United States of America, petitioner, v. George W.
Norris. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit
Court of Appeals for the Eighth Circuit granted.
No. 566. John Suren, petitioner, v. Oceanic Steamship Company.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of
Appeals for the Ninth Circuit denied.
No. 574. Vincenzo Ferrero, petitioner, v. Commissioner of Immi-
gration. Ellis Island, New York Harbor. Petition for writ of cer-
tiorari to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Second
Circuit denied.
No. 576. Barlow-Moore Tobacco Company, petitioner, v. The
United States of America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Sixth Circuit denied.
No. 579. William Prentiss, Jr., Receiver, etc., petitioner, v. Harry
Chandler. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit
Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit denied.
No. 580. William Prentiss, Jr., Receiver, etc., petitioner, v. The
Times-Mirror Company. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit denied.
No. 590. The United States of America, Owner of the Dredge
"Manhattan", petitioner, v. Steamer "Bessemer", whereof Atlantic
Refining Company is claimant, et al. Petition for writ of certiorari
to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Third Circuit
denied.
No. 568. Hills Dry Goods Company, Inc., petitioner, v. Anthony
Klicka et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court
of the State of Wisconsin denied.

MONDAY, FEBRUARY 1, 1937
135
No. 577. F. R. Hinman and Nannie Hinman, petitioners, v. Pacific
Air Transport. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States.
Circuit Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit denied.
No. 578. F. R. Hinman and Nannie Hinman, petitioners, v. United
Air Lines Transport Corporation. Petition for writ of certiorari
to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit
denied.
No. 583. Charles Coopman et al., etc., petitioners, v. Citizens State
Bank of Omak et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United
States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit denied.
No. 589. Amanda C. North et al., etc., petitioners, v. The Higbee
Company et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme
Court of the State of Ohio denied.
No. 596. Archibald Palmer, petitioner, v. Paramount Pictures,
Inc.; and
No. 597. Louis Boehm, petitioner, v. Paramount Pictures, Inc.
Petition for writs of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court
of Appeals for the Second Circuit denied.
No. 598. Samuel Zirn, petitioner, v. Paramount Pictures, Inc.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court
of Appeals for the Second Circuit denied.
No. 607. Rodolfo Schneckenburger, petitioner, v. The Honorable
Manuel V. Moran, Judge of First Instance of Manila. Petition for
writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of the Commonwealth of
the Philippines denied.
No. 610. People of the State of Illinois, ex rel. Joseph Rappaport,
petitioner, v. John Toman, Sheriff of Cook County, Illinois. Peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of the State of
Illinois denied.
No. 611. Birnamwood Oil Company, petitioner, v. Barnsdall Re-
fineries, Inc. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Circuit Court of Appeals for the Seventh Circuit denied.
No. 612. Metal Tone Mfg. Co., Inc., et al., petitioners, v. Voices,
Incorporated. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Errors
and Appeals of the State of New Jersey denied.
No. 613. General Motors Java Handel Maatschappij, petitioner, v.
Erie Railroad Company. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
Supreme Court of the State of New York denied.
No. 617. E. Cacey and C. E. Hughes, Partners, Trading, etc., peti-
tioners, v. Virginian Railway Company. Petition for writ of cer-
tiorari to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Fourth
Circuit denied.

MONDAY, FEBRUARY 1, 1937
136
No. 618. Gordon E. Davis, petitioner, v. The United States of
America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit
Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 619. Catharine Ulrich Kabatt, petitioner, v. The Board of
Education of the City of Elmira. Petition for writ of certiorari to
the Supreme Court of the State of New York denied.
No. 629. Howes Brothers Company, petitioner, v. Massachusetts
Unemployment Compensation Commission et al. Petition for writ
of certiorari to the Supreme Judicial Court, County of Suffolk, Com-
monwealth of Massachusetts, denied.
No. 581. Alice L. Canfield, as Executrix, etc., petitioner, v. E. W.
Scripps, Trustee, et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the District
Court of Appeal, 2nd Appellate District, State of California, denied.
The Chief Justice took no part in the consideration or decision of this
application.
No. 161. Liggett and Myers Tobacco Co., petitioner, v. The United
States;
No. 162. The Commonwealth of Massachusetts, petitioner, v. The
United States;
No. 163. Liggett and Myers Tobacco Co., on behalf of the Com-
monwealth of Massachusetts, petitioner, v. The United States;
No. 212. Forest Marvel, petitioner, v. Fred G. Zerbst, Warden,
etc.;
No. 480. Sewell L. Avery, petitioner, v. Commissioner of Internal
Revenue;
No. 481. Sewell L. Avery, petitioner, v. Commissioner of Internal
Revenue;
No. 540. Sperry Flour Company, petitioner, v. Coastwise Steam-
ship and Barge Company, Inc., Claimant, etc., et al.; and
No. 545. Rindge Land and Navigation Company, debtor, et al.,
petitioners, v. Security-First National Bank of Los Angeles, as
Trustee, et al. Petitions for rehearing denied.
No., original. The State of Texas, complainant, v. The State
of New York et al. Returns to rule to show cause presented.
No. 207. Guy T. Helvering, Commissioner of Internal Revenue,
petitioner, v. Tex-Penn Oil Company;
No. 208. Guy T. Helvering, Commissioner of Internal Revenue,
petitioner, v. M. L. Benedum; and

MONDAY, FEBRUARY 1, 1937
137
No. 209. Guy T. Helvering, Commissioner of Internal Revenue,
petitioner, v. F. B. Parriott. Reargument commenced by Mr. Thur-
man Arnold for the petitioner and continued by Mr. John W. Davis
for the respondents.
Adjourned until tomorrow at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Tuesday, February 2, will be as follows: Nos.
207 (208 and 209), 228, 355, 397, 404, 406, 446, 451, 454 (and
455), and 456.
1
1

TUESDAY, FEBRUARY 2, 1937
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
138
Present The Chief Justice, Mr. Justice Van Devanter, Mr. Justice.
McReynolds, Mr. Justice Brandeis, Mr. Justice Sutherland, Mr.
Justice Butler, Mr. Justice Stone, Mr. Justice Roberts, and Mr.
Justice Cardozo.
A. Spotswood Campbell, of New York City; R. L. Disney, of
Washington, D. C.; Robert J. Riley, of Wheeling, W. Va.; William
A. Herin, of Miami, Fla.; Byron J. Walters, of Los Angeles, Calif.;
Samuel P. Block, of Compton, Calif.; Braden C. Johnston, of
Marion, Kans.; Emmett Robert Carroll, of Washington, D. C.; Agnes
V. Kennedy, of Cleveland, Ohio; and Richard L. Douglas, of St.
Joseph, Mo.; were admitted to practice.
No. 207. Guy T. Helvering, Commissioner of Internal Revenue,
petitioner, v. Tex-Penn Oil Company;
No. 208. Guy T. Helvering, Commissioner of Internal Revenue,
petitioner, v. M. L. Benedum; and
No. 209. Guy T. Helvering, Commissioner of Internal Revenue,
petitioner, v. F. B. Parriott. Reargument continued by Mr. John W.
Davis for the respondents and concluded by Mr. Thurman Arnold
for the petitioner.
No. 228. The Chippewa Indians of Minnesota, appellants, v. The
United States and the Red Lake Band of Chippewa Indians of Min-
nesota. Argument commenced by Mr. Webster Ballinger for the
appellants; continued by Mr. Assistant Solicitor General Bell for
the appellee, the United States; by Mr. Fred Dennis for the appellee,
The Red Lake Band of Chippewa Indians of Minnesota; and
concluded by Mr. D. S. Holmes for the appellants.
No. 355. Hartford Steam Boiler Inspection and Insurance Com-
pany et al., appellants, v. William B. Harrison, Insurance Commis-
sioner. Argued by Mr. Marion Smith, for the appellants and by Mr.
B. D. Murphy for the appellee.
No. 397. The Henderson Company, appellant, v. Ernest O. Thomp-
son et al., etc. Argument commenced by Mr. L. M. Fischer for the
appellant.
Adjourned until tomorrow at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Wednesday, February 3, will be as follows: Nos.
397, 404, 406, 446, 451, 454 (and 455), 456, 460, 474 (and 475),
and 491.
97624-37--53
☑
"
"

WEDNESDAY, FEBRUARY 3, 1937
139
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: The Chief Justice, Mr. Justice Van Devanter, Mr. Jus-
tice McReynolds, Mr. Justice Brandeis, Mr. Justice Sutherland, Mr.
Justice Butler, Mr. Justice Stone, Mr. Justice Roberts, and Mr.
Justice Cardozo.
W. D. McFarlane, of Graham, Tex., Berkeley Cox, of Hartford,
Conn.; Douglas Stripp, of Kansas City, Mo.; William D. Evans, of
Pittsburgh, Pa.; Clarence R. Hotchkiss, of Portland, Oreg.; M. A.
Grace, of New Orleans, La.; Albert Forrest, of Washington, D. C.;
Bert Elliott Strubinger, of St. Louis, Mo.; and Albert M. Cole, of
Holton, Kans., were admitted to practice.
No. 397. The Henderson Company, appellant, v. Ernest O. Thomp-
son, C. V. Terrell, et al. Argument continued by Mr. L. M. Fischer
for the appellant; by Mr. William Madden Hill and Mr. William
McCraw for the appellees; and concluded by Mr. L. M. Fischer for
the appellant.
No. 404. The People of the State of New York, ex rel. Annie Cohn,
appellant, v. Mark Graves, John J. Merrill, et al., etc. Argued by
Mr. Maurice Cohn for the appellant, and by Mr. Joseph M. Mesnig
for the appellees.
No. 406. Wilhelmina Sumi, petitioner, v. Alsie M. Young. Argued
by Mr. Herman Weinberger for the petitioner and case sub-
mitted by Mr. Cecil H. Clegg and Mr. Robert W. Jennings for the
respondent.
Adjourned until tomorrow at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Thursday, February 4, will be as follows: Nos.
446, 451, 454 (and 455), 456, 460, 474 (and 475), and 491.
97624-37-54
'
'
☑

THURSDAY, FEBRUARY 4, 1937
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
140
Present: The Chief Justice, Mr. Justice Van Devanter, Mr. Justice
McReynolds, Mr. Justice Brandeis, Mr. Justice Sutherland, Mr. Jus-
tice Butler, Mr. Justice Stone, Mr. Justice Roberts, and Mr. Justice
Cardozo.
Ward J. Herbert, of Newark, N. J., and William T. Cahill, of
Jersey City, N. J., were admitted to practice.
No. 446. Aetna Life Insurance Company of Hartford, Connecticut,
petitioner, v. Edwin P. Haworth and Cora M. Haworth. Argued
by Mr. E. R. Morrison for the petitioner and by Mr. Rees Turpin
for the respondents.
No. 451. William Whitlock Brush, petitioner, v. Commissioner of
Internal Revenue. Argued by Mr. Boykin C. Wright and Mr. Paul
Windels for the petitioner; by Mr. Julius Henry Cohen for the State
of New York as amicus curiae, by special leave of Court; and by Mr.
John Paul Jackson for the respondent.
No. 454. Jay B. Phelps, appellant, v. Board of Education of the
Town of West New York et al.; and
No. 455. Lucy Askam et al., appellants, v. Board of Education of
the Town of West New York et al. Argument commenced by Mr.
Robert H. McCarter for the appellants.
Adjourned until tomorrow at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Friday, February 5, will be as follows: Nos. 454
(and 455), 456, 460, and 474 (and 475).
97624-37-55

FRIDAY, FEBRUARY 5, 1937
141
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: The Chief Justice, Mr. Justice Van Devanter, Mr.
Justice McReynolds, Mr. Justice Brandeis, Mr. Justice Sutherland,
Mr. Justice Butler, Mr. Justice Stone, Mr. Justice Roberts, and Mr.
Justice Cardozo.
Marion Hines Taylor, of Washington, D. C.; Alfred L. Taylor, of
Washington, D. C.; William W. Fleming, of Washington, D. C.;
and Herbert Wechsler, of New York City, were admitted to practice.
No. 454. Jay B. Phelps, appellant, v. Board of Education of the
Town of West New York et al.; and
No. 455. Lucy Askam et al., appellants, v. Board of Education of
the Town of West New York et al. Argument continued by Mr.
Robert H. McCarter for the appellants and concluded by Mr. Saul
Nemser for the appellees.
No. 456. Ray Ingels, as Director of the Motor Vehicle Depart-
ment of the State of California, et al., appellants, v. Howard Morf,
doing business under the firm name and style of Pacific Wholesale
Automobile Company, et al. Argued by Mr. Frank W. Richards
and Mr. Amos M. Mathews for the appellants, and by Mr. Ralph
K. Pierson and Mr. Byron J. Walters for the appellees.
No. 460. Charles Van Beeck, Administrator, etc., petitioner, v.
Sabine Towing Company, Inc., et al. Argument commenced by
Mr. H. C. Hughes for the petitioner.
Adjourned until Monday next at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Monday, February 8, will be as follows: Nos.
460, 474 (and 475), 324, 365, 469, 419, 420 (and 421), 422 (and
423), 494, and 530.
Х
97624-37-56

MONDAY, FEBRUARY 8, 1937
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
142
Present: The Chief Justice, Mr. Justice Van Devanter, Mr. Jus-
tice McReynolds, Mr. Justice Brandeis, Mr. Justice Sutherland, Mr.
Justice Butler, Mr. Justice Stone, Mr. Justice Roberts, and Mr. Jus-
tice Cardozo.
Harry Weltchek, of Elizabeth, N. J.; William A. Carter, of Roa-
noke, Va.; Henry P. Chandler, of Chicago, Ill.; Steve C. Griffith, of
Newberry, S. C.; Roger Kent, of San Francisco, Calif:; Robert San-
som, of Fort Worth, Tex.; Joseph Rosenfarb, of Pittsburgh, Pa.;
Sumter M. Kelley, of Atlanta, Ga.; William L. Parker, of Norfolk,
Va.; and George J. Moore, of Malone, N. Y., were admitted to
practice.
The Chief Justice said:
"The orders of the Court appear upon the list certified by the
Chief Justice and will not be announced orally."
No. , original. State of Texas, complainant, v. State of New
York et al. This cause is set for argument on the rule to show
cause and the returns thereto and is assigned for argument on Mon-
day, March 8th next.
No. 671. Mary Lambert, petitioner, v. Central Bank of Oakland,
a Banking corporation. On petition for writ of certiorari to the
United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit;
No. 680. Millard D. Grubbs, petitioner, v. Ira D. Smith, J. R.
White, et al. On petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Circuit Court of Appeals for the Sixth Circuit; and
No. 681. George Fowler, petitioner, v. State of Washington. On
petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of the State of
Washington. The motions for leave to proceed further herein in
forma pauperis are denied for the reason that the Court, upon
examination of the papers herein submitted finds no ground upon
which writs of certiorari should be granted. The petitions for
writs of certiorari are therefore also denied.
No. 588. Henry E. Oppenheimer, petitioner, v. The Harriman
National Bank and Trust Company, etc., et al.; and
No. 670. The Harriman National Bank and Trust Company, etc.,
et al., petitioners, v. Henry E. Oppenheimer. Petitions for writs of
certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the
Second Circuit granted.
97624-37-57

MONDAY, FEBRUARY 8, 1937
143
No. 602. Galen H. Welch, Former Collector of Internal Revenue,
etc., petitioner, v. Obispo Oil Co. Petition for writ of certiorari to
the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit
granted.
No. 604. Reginald P. Ray, petitioner, v. The United States of
America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit
Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit granted.
No. 564. L. Gordon Hamersley, petitioner, v. the United States.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Claims denied.
No. 591. Bud Martinson, petitioner, v. State Industrial Accident
Commission of the State of Oregon. Petition for writ of certiorari
to the Supreme Court of the State of Oregon denied.
No. 592. Frank T. Cary, petitioner, v. The United States of
America; and
No. 593. Edward Huntington Williams, petitioner, v. The United
States of America. Petition for writs of certiorari to the United
States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit denied.
No. 616. The Brotherhood of Railroad Shop Crafts of America
et al., petitioners, v. Frank O. Lowden et al., as Trustees, etc. Peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of Ap-
peals for the Tenth Circuit denied.
No. 620. Merchants Refrigerating Company, petitioner, v. The
New York Central Railroad Company. Petition for writ of certiorari
to the Supreme Court of the State of New York denied.
No. 623. Howard Preece, petitioner, v. The United States of
America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit
Court of Appeals for the Tenth Circuit denied.
No. 626. Equitable Life Assurance Society of the United States,
petitioner, v. Thomas K. Nickolopulos. Petition for writ of certi-
orari to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Third
Circuit denied.
No. 634. S. B. Knotts, petitioner, v. The First Carolinas Joint
Stock Land Bank of Columbia, South Carolina. Petition for writ
of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the
Fourth Circuit denied.
No. 650. The People of the State of New York, on the relation of
Jack Herman Lehman, petitioner, v. Frederick L. Moorehead,
Warden, etc. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court
of the State of New York denied.
་
་
ORDER
The Court will take a recess from Monday, February 15, to Mon-
day, March 1, next.

MONDAY, FEBRUARY 8, 1937
144
No. 630. C. D. Parker & Co., Inc., petitioner, v. Harry N. Guter-
man et al. On petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Circuit Court of Appeals for the First Circuit. Dismissed on
motion of counsel for the petitioner.
No. 460. Charles Van Beeck, Administrator, etc., petitioner, v.
Sabine Towing Company, Inc., et al. Argument concluded by Mr.
M. A. Grace for the respondents.
No. 474. Angelo Herndon, appellant, v. J. I. Lowry, Sheriff of
Fulton County, Georgia; and
☐ No. 475. Angelo Herndon, appellant, v. J. I. Lowry, Sheriff of
Fulton County, Georgia. Argued by Mr. Whitney North Seymour
for the appellant and by Mr. J. Walter LeCraw for the appellee.
No. 324. The Virginian Railway Company, petitioner, v. System
Federation No. 40, Railway Employees Department of the Ameri-
can Federation of Labor, etc., et al. Four and one half hours
I allowed for oral argument. Argument commenced by Mr. James
Piper for the petitioner and continued by Mr. Frank L. Mulholland
for the respondents.
Adjourned until tomorrow at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Tuesday, February 9, will be as follows: Nos.
324, 365, 469, 419, 420 (and 421), 422 (and 423), 494, 530, 549,
and 563.
Х

TUESDAY, FEBRUARY 9, 1937
145
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: The Chief Justice, Mr. Justice Van Devanter, Mr. Justice.
McReynolds, Mr. Justice Brandeis, Mr. Justice Sutherland, Mr.
Justice Butler, Mr. Justice Stone, Mr. Justice Roberts, and Mr.
Justice Cardozo.
Joe B. Carrigan, of Wichita Falls, Tex.; William D. Boone, of
Winton, N. C.; Maurice J. McCarthy, of Washington, D. C.; Mat-
thew F. Dorsey, of Philadelphia, Pa.; Aurelle Burnside, of El
Dorado, Ark.; Arthur E. Reyman, of Washington, D. C.; and Lloyd
J. Lawrence, of Murfreesboro, N. C., were admitted to practice.
No. 324. The Virginian Railway Company, petitioner, v. System
Federation No. 40, Railway Employees Department of the American ·
Federation of Labor, etc., et al. Argument continued by Mr. Frank
L. Mulholland for the respondents; by Mr. Solicitor General Reed
for the United States as amicus curiae, by special leave of Court; and
concluded by Mr. H. T. Hall for the petitioner.
No. 365. The Associated Press, petitioner, v. National Labor Re-
lations Board. Argument commenced by Mr. John W. Davis for
the petitioner and continued by Mr. Charles E. Wyzanski, Jr., for the
respondent.
Adjourned until tomorrow at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Wednesday, February 10, will be as follows: Nos.
365, 469, 419, 420 (and 421), 422 (and 423), 494, 530, 549, and
563.
97624-37-58

ง
WEDNESDAY, FEBRUARY 10, 1937
146
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: The Chief Justice, Mr. Justice Van Devanter, Mr. Jus-
tice McReynolds, Mr. Justice Brandeis, Mr. Justice Sutherland, Mr.
Justice Butler, Mr. Justice Stone, Mr. Justice Roberts, and Mr. Jus-
tice Cardozo.
Edward H. Lange, of Laredo, Tex.; Alfred M. Scott, of Lub-
bock, Tex.; James Raymond Berry, of Newark, N. J.; and Wayne
G. Cook, of Davenport, Iowa, were admitted to practice.
No. 365. The Associated Press, petitioner, v. National Labor Re-
lations Board. Argument continued by Mr. Charles E. Wyzanski,
Jr., and Mr. Charles Fahy for the respondent and concluded by Mr.
John W. Davis for the petitioner.
No. 469. Washington, Virginia and Maryland Coach Company,
petitioner, v. National Labor Relations Board. Argued by Mr.
Robert E. Lynch and Mr. William J. Hughes, Jr., for the petitioner
and by Mr. Charles Fahy for the respondent.
No. 419. National Labor Relations Board, petitioner, v. Jones &
Laughlin Steel Corporation. Argument commenced by Mr. J.
Warren Madden and continued by Mr. Solicitor General Reed for
the petitioner.
Adjourned until tomorrow at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Thursday, February 11, will be as follows: Nos.
419, 420 (and 421), 422 (and 423), 494, 530, 549, and 563.
☑
97624-37-59

THURSDAY, FEBRUARY 11, 1937
147
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: The Chief Justice, Mr. Justice Van Devanter, Mr. Justice
McReynolds, Mr. Justice Brandeis, Mr. Justice Sutherland, Mr.
Justice Butler, Mr. Justice Stone, Mr. Justice Roberts, and Mr.
Justice Cardozo.
Kirke C. Veeder, of Independence, Kans.; Aubrey F. Folts, of
Chattanooga, Tenn.; John W. Cross, of Washington, D. C.; Wm. R.
Spofford, of Philadelphia, Pa.; and Leon B. Habecker, of Washing-
ton, D. C., were admitted to practice.
No. 419. National Labor Relations Board, petitioner, v. Jones &
Laughlin Steel Corporation. Argument continued by Mr. Solicitor
General Reed for the petitioner and concluded by Mr. Earl F. Reed
for the respondent.
No. 420. National Labor Relations Board, petitioner, v. Freuhauf
Trailer Company; and
No. 421. National Labor Relations Board, petitioner, v. Freuhauf
Trailer Company. Argued by Mr. Solicitor General Reed for the
petitioner, and by Mr. Thomas G. Long for the respondent.
No. 422. National Labor Relations Board, petitioner, v. Freidman-
Harry Marks Clothing Company, Inc.; and
No. 423. National Labor Relations Board, petitioner, v. Freidman-
Harry Marks Clothing Company, Inc. Argument commenced by
Mr. Charles Fahy for the petitioner; continued by Mr. Leonard
Weinberg and Mr. Harry J. Green for the respondent; and con-
cluded by Mr. Charles E. Wyzanski, Jr., for the petitioner.
No. 494. Swayne and Hoyt, Ltd., et al., appellants, v. The United
States of America. Argument commenced by Mr. Elisha Hanson for
the appellants.
Ajourned until tomorrow at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Friday, February 12, will be as follows: Nos.
494, 549, and 563.
97624-37-60
$
1
1
1
1
☑
7+

FRIDAY, FEBRUARY 12, 1937
148
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: The Chief Justice, Mr. Justice Van Devanter, Mr. Justice
McReynolds, Mr. Justice Brandeis, Mr. Justice Sutherland, Mr.
Justice Butler, Mr. Justice Stone, Mr. Justice Roberts, and Mr.
Justice Cardozo.
Joseph T. Sherier, of Washington, D. C.; and Robert S. Leighey,
of Washington, D. C., were admitted to practice.
No. 494. Swayne and Hoyt, Ltd., et al., appellants, v. The United
States of America. Argument continued by Mr. Elisha Hanson for
the appellants; by Mr. Assistant Solicitor General Bell for the ap-
pellee; and concluded by Mr. Elisha Hanson for the appellants.
No. 549. L. J. Lawrence, Guardian of Harry Newsome, incompe-
tent, petitioner, v. Mohn A. Shaw, and others, members, etc., et al.
Argued by Mr. John E. Benton for the petitioner, and by Mr. W. D.
Boone for the respondents.
No. 563. Park L. Hoffman, substituted for R. G. Holsing, Re-
ceiver, etc., petitioner, v. Henry I. Rauch, Administrator, et al.
Argued by Mr. George P. Barse for the petitioner, and by Mr.
Leland Walker for the respondents.
Adjourned until Monday, February 15, next at 12 o'clock.
Х
97624-37-61
1.

149
MONDAY, FEBRUARY 15, 1937
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: The Chief Justice, Mr. Justice Van Devanter, Mr. Justice
McReynolds, Mr. Justice Brandeis, Mr. Justice Sutherland, Mr. Jus-
tice Stone, Mr. Justice Roberts, and Mr. Justice Cardozo.
Robert L. Jefferys, of Washington, D. C.; Denis T. O'Brien, Jr., of
Meriden, Conn.; John F. X. Sheridan, of New York City; Ogden K.
Shannon, Jr., of Fort Worth, Tex.; Marshall Newcomb, of Dallas,
Tex.; David D. Terry, of Little Rock, Ark.; Dillard D. Babb, Jr., of
Little Rock, Ark.; Roy M. Stockman, of Washington, D. C.; Maynard
J. Toll, of Los Angeles, Calif.; John H. Gately, of Chicago, Ill.;
Max Rothenberg, of New York City; Sarsfield Collins, of Chicago,
Ill.; and Orrin E. Boyle, of Allentown, Pa., were admitted to practice.
No. 257. Guy T. Helvering, Commissioner of Internal Revenue,
petitioner, v. The Midland Mutual Life Insurance Company. On
writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for
the Sixth Circuit. Judgment reversed and cause remanded to the
said Circuit Court of Appeals for further proceedings in conformity
with the opinion of this Court. Opinion by Mr. Justice Brandeis.
Dissenting: Mr. Justice McReynolds.
The Chief Justice said:
"The orders of the Court appear upon the list certified by the Chief
Justice and filed with the Clerk and will not be announced orally."
ORDER
The following is adopted as an addition to the existing General
Orders in Bankruptcy, and shall be effective on and after April 5,
1937:
LIII
BOND OF DESIGNATED DEPOSITORY UNDER SEC. 61
1. The bond required of a banking institution designated as a
depository shall be given with an authorized fidelity or bonding
company as surety, or with approved individual sureties who are
97624-37-62
>

MONDAY, FEBRUARY 15, 1937
150
residents of that judicial district and two of whom are neither officers
nor directors of the institution designated as a depository.
2. The condition of bonds hereafter given shall be substantially
to the effect that the banking institution, so designated, shall well
and truly account for and pay over all monies deposited with it as
such depository, and shall pay out such monies only as provided by
the bankruptcy law and applicable general orders and court rules,
and shall abide by all orders of the bankruptcy court in respect of
such monies, and shall otherwise faithfully perform all duties per-
taining to it as such depository.
3. As one means of bringing before the bankruptcy court informa-
tion respecting possible occasions for requiring a depository to give
a new bond in an increased amount, or a new bond with different
sureties, it shall be the duty of each depository to file with the
bankruptcy court during the month of January in each year a sworn
statement in writing disclosing
(a) The amount of monies on deposit with it as such depository
on the last business day of each month in the preceding calendar
year;
(b) Whether any of the individual sureties on its bond has ceased
to be a resident of that judicial district, or has died; and
(c) Whether the financial worth of any of its individual sureties
has become materially impaired.
4. It shall be the duty of the bankruptcy court to require a depos-
itory to give a new bond whenever it appears that the prior bond is
not sufficient in amount, in view of present and prospective deposits,
or that a surety has died or ceased to be a resident of that judicial
district, or whenever there is otherwise occasion to believe that the
prior bond does not constitute adequate security.
5. It shall be the duty of the bankruptcy court to require each
depository in its district to give a new bond within five years after
the giving of its last prior bond.
6. A surety, or the personal representative of a deceased surety, on
the bond of a depository may, by a petition setting forth the grounds
therefor, request the bankruptcy court to require the depository to
give a new bond and thereby to relieve such surety, or his estate, from
responsibility and liability as respects any future default of the de-
pository, and, if upon a hearing had after reasonable notice to the
depository, to other sureties on the bond, and to the trustees or other
representatives of bankrupt estates having deposits in such depository,
it appears to the court that the petition can be granted without in-
jury to any party in interest, the court shall require the depository
to give a new bond.
7. A new bond given under any subdivision of this general order
shall, from the time of its approval by the bankruptcy court, be re-
.
L

MONDAY, FEBRUARY 15, 1937
151
garded as taking the place of the preceding bond as respects any sub-
sequent default of the depository; and, upon approving the new
bond, the court shall enter an order relieving the sureties on the
prior bond, and the estate of any deceased surety, from responsibility
and liability thereon as respects any default of the depository oc-
curring thereafter.
8. If any depository, when required to give a new bond, fails to
comply with that requirement within the time fixed therefor by this
general order or by the bankruptcy court, it shall be the duty of that
court to order such depository to pay over all monies on deposit with
it as such depository, and to revoke its designation as a depository.
No. 2, original. State of Vermont, complainant, v. State of New
Hampshire. On consideration of the report of November 16, 1936,
of Samuel S. Gannett, the Commissioner appointed herein by decree
of this Court of January 8, 1934 (290 U. S. 579), to locate and mark
on the ground the boundary between the State of Vermont and the
State of New Hampshire, at the points designated in said decree,
and the supplemental report of Samuel S. Gannett, Commissioner, of
January 14, 1937, prepared and filed pursuant to order of this Court
of December 21, 1936; and the State of Vermont and the State of
New Hampshire having stipulated by counsel that they have no
exceptions and no objections to the said report and the supplemental
report, and they, having applied to this Court to terminate the time
within which exceptions or objections to said report and supple-
mental report may be filed;
It is now adjudged, ordered, and decreed as follows:
1. The time within which exceptions or objections to said report
and supplemental report may be filed is hereby terminated;
2. The said reports are in all respects confirmed;
3. The boundary line marked and located on the ground as set
forth by said reports and on the accompanying maps is established
and declared to be the true boundary between the States of Vermont
and New Hampshire, as determined by the decree of this Court of
January 8, 1934;
4. As it appears that the Commissioner has completed his work,
conformably to the decree of this Court of January 8, 1934, and the
order of this Court of December 21, 1936, he is hereby discharged;
5. The Clerk of this Court is directed to transmit to the Chief
Magistrates of the States of Vermont and New Hampshire copies
of this decree, duly authenticated under the seal of this Court,
together with copies of the said reports of the Commissioner and of
the accompanying maps;
6. The costs in this cause shall be borne and paid in equal parts
by the States of Vermont and New Hampshire.
"

MONDAY, FEBRUARY 15, 1937
152
No. 2, original. State of Vermont, complainant, v. State of New
Hampshire. An order is entered fixing the compensation of the
Commissioner herein and allowing his expenses.
No. 605. American Propeller and Manufacturing Company, peti-
tioner, v. The United States. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
Court of Claims granted limited to the question of the allowance of
interest to the Government upon its claim.
No. 614. Max Sonzinsky, petitioner, v. The United States of
America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit
Court of Appeals for the Seventh Circuit granted limited to the
question of the constitutional validity of the statute in its application
under the first count of the indictment.
No. 638. Hiram Steelman, Trustee in Bankruptcy of William Fox,
a bankrupt, petitioner, v. All Continent Corporation. Petition for
writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for
the Third Circuit granted. It is ordered that the temporary injunc-
tion issued on January 18, 1937, shall continue in force until the
hearing and determination of the cause by this Court.
No. 659. The Cincinnati Soap Company, petitioner, v. The United
States of America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United
States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Sixth Circuit granted.
No. 667. Anniston Manufacturing Company, petitioner, v. Har-
well G. Davis, Collector of Internal Revenue. Petition for writ of
certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the
Fifth Circuit granted.
No. 687. Haskins Bros. & Co., petitioner, v. George W. O'Malley,
individually and as Collector of Internal Revenue, etc. Petition for
writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for
the Eighth Circuit granted and the case is set for hearing immedi-
ately following No. 659.
No. 606. Fred T. Hansen, petitioner, v. The United States of
America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit
Court of Appeals for the Seventh Circuit denied.
No. 624. Morris Sourino, petitioner, v. The United States of
America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Cir-
cuit Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 631. Berryman Henwood, Trustee, etc., petitioner, v. Guar-
anty Trust Company of New York, as Trustee, etc.; and
No. 632. Berryman Henwood, Trustee, etc., petitioner, v. Guar-
anty Trust Company of New York, as Trustee, etc. Petition for
writs of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for
the Eighth Circuit denied.
"
"
.
To

MONDAY, FEBRUARY 15, 1937
153
No. 633. L. B. Dyer and F. W. Dyer, doing business as L. B.
Dyer Construction Company, petitioner, v. Industrial Commission of
Illinois and Cherillo Ricci. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
Supreme Court of the State of Illinois denied.
No. 635. Marguerite Wazau, petitioner, v. City of Evanston. Peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of the State of
Illinois denied.
No. 636. Diversey Building Corporation, petitioner, v. Herman
Weber, Knute Swanson, and Loretta Hamann. Petition for writ
of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the
Seventh Circuit denied.
No. 649. The Aleograph Company, petitioner, v. Electrical Re-
search Products, Inc., et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 654. The Maytag Company, petitioner, v. Brooklyn Edison
Company, Inc. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Circuit Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit denied.
No. 657. Nev-Cal Electric Securities Company, petitioner, v. Im-
perial Irrigation District et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to
the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit
denied.
No. 662. The United Railways and Electric Company of Balti-
more, etc., et al., petitioners, v. Consolidated Gas Electric Light and
Power Company of Baltimore. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Fourth Circuit
denied.
No. 664. Salmon River Canal Company, Ltd., petitioner, v. The
Utah Construction Company. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit
denied.
No. 672. Land Oberoesterreich, petitioner, v. Edward C. Gude,
Robert C. Winmill, et al., etc. Petition for writ of certiorari to
the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit
denied.
No. 674. Guy T. Wilson, petitioner, v. Oscar Smith; and
No. 675. Guy T. Wilson, petitioner, v. Ida C. Smith, as Admin-
istratrix, etc. Petition for writs of certiorari to the United States
Circuit Court of Appeals for the Third Circuit denied.
No. 682. Steinhagen Rice Milling Company, petitioner, v. Frank
Scofield, Individually and as United States Collector of Internal
Revenue, etc.;

MONDAY, FEBRUARY 15, 1937
154
No. 683. Beaumont Rice Mills, petitioner, v. Frank Scofield, In-
dividually and as United States Collector of Internal Revenue, etc..
No. 684. Gulf Coast Rice Mills et al., petitioners, v. Frank Sco-
field, Individually and as United States Collector, etc.;
No. 685. El Campo Rice Milling Company, petitioner, v. Frank
Scofield, Individually and as United States Collector, etc.; and
No. 686. Tyrrell Rice Milling Company, petitioner, v. Frank Sco-
field, Individually and as United States Collector, etc. Petition for
writs of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for
the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 601. Sheridan Flouring Mills, Inc., petitioner, v. Thomas K.
Cassidy, as Collector of Internal Revenue, etc. Petition for writ
of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the
Tenth Circuit denied.
Adjourned until Monday, March 1st next at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Monday, March 1, will be as follows: Nos. 103,
418, 227, 381, 382, 491, 500, 505, 530, and 531.
Х

MONDAY, MARCH 1, 1937
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
155
Present: The Chief Justice, Mr. Justice Van Devanter, Mr. Justice
McReynolds, Mr. Justice Brandeis, Mr. Justice Butler, Mr. Justice
Stone, Mr. Justice Roberts, and Mr. Justice Cardozo.
C. F. Cusack, of Dallas, Tex.; Orion E. Gates, of Rison, Ark.;
Robert B. Holland, of Dallas, Tex.; Romulus P. Rimo, of Trenton,
N. J.; Harley Kellogg Lockwood, of Los Angeles, Calif.; Herbert S.
Duffy, of Columbus, Ohio; Willis Woehrle Metcalf, of Columbus,
Ohio; A. F. O'Neil, of Akron, Ohio; John H. Cunningham, Jr.,
of St. Louis, Mo.; Nicholas T. Rogers, of New York City; Richard
S. Bull, of St. Louis, Mo.; Louis E. Goodman, of San Francisco,
Calif.; Charles E. Pendleton, of Storm Lake, Iowa; Robert Llewellyn
Wright, of Chicago, Ill.; and William J. Fordrung, of Scarsdale,
N. Y., were admitted to practice.
No. 180. Holyoke Water Power Company, petitioner, v. American
Writing Paper Company, Inc. On writ of certiorari to the United
States Circuit Court of Appeals for the First Circuit. Decree
affirmed with costs and cause remanded to the District Court of the
United States for the District of Massachusetts. Opinion by Mr.
Justice Cardozo. Dissenting: Mr. Justice Van Devanter, Mr. Justice
McReynolds, Mr. Justice Sutherland, and Mr. Justice Butler.
No. 460. Charles Van Beeck, Administrator, etc., petitioner, v.
Sabine Towing Company, Inc., et al. On writ of certiorari to the
United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit. Judg-
ment reversed with costs and cause remanded to the District Court
of the United States for the Eastern District of Texas for further
proceedings in conformity with the opinion of this Court. Opinion
by Mr. Justice Cardozo.
No. 454. Jay B. Phelps, appellant, v. Board of Education of the
Town of West New York and State Board of Education of the
State of New Jersey; and
No. 455. Lucy Askam et al., appellants, v. Board of Education of
the Town of West New York and State Board of Education of the
State of New Jersey. Appeals from the Court of Errors and Ap-
peals of the State of New Jersey. Judgments affirmed with costs.
Opinion by Mr. Justice Roberts.
97624-37- -63

MONDAY, MARCH 1, 1937
156
No. 456. Ray Ingels, as Director of the Motor Vehicle Depart-
ment of the State of California et al., appellants, v. Howard Morf,
doing business under the firm name and style of Pacific Wholesale
Automobile Company et al. Appeal from the District Court of the
United States for the Southern District of California. Decree af-
firmed with costs. Opinion by Mr. Justice Stone.
No. 494. Swayne and Hoyt, Ltd., et al., appellants, v. The United
States of America. Appeal from the District Court of the United
States for the District of Columbia. Decree affirmed. Opinion by
Mr. Justice Stone. Dissenting: Mr. Justice Sutherland.
No. 404. The People of the State of New York, ex rel. Annie
Cohn, appellant, v. Mark Graves, John J. Merrill, and John P. Hen-
nessey, as Commissioners, etc. Appeal from the Supreme Court of
the State of New York. Judgment affirmed with costs. Opinion by
Mr. Justice Stone. Dissenting opinion by Mr. Justice Butler in
which Mr. Justice McReynolds concurs.
No. 295. Legh R. Powell, Jr., and Henry W. Anderson, as Re-
ceivers of the properties and assets of Seaboard Air Line Railway
Company, appellants, v. The United States of America et al. Ap-
peal from the District Court of the United States for the Southern
District of Georgia. Decree reversed and cause remanded to the
said District Court for further proceedings in conformity with the
opinion of this Court. Opinion by Mr. Justice Butler. Mr. Justice
Brandeis and Mr. Justice Stone took no part in the consideration or
decision of this case. Mr. Justice Cardozo is of the opinion that the
decree should be modified by striking the counter-claim of the inter-
vening defendant, and as so modified, affirmed.
No. 397. The Henderson Company, appellant, v. Ernest O. Thomp-
son, C. V. Terrell, and Lon A. Smith, etc., et al. Appeal from the
District Court of the United States for the Western District of
Texas. Decree affirmed with costs. Opinion by Mr. Justice Brandeis.
No. 398. Founders General Corporation, petitioner, v. James J.
Hoey, Collector of the United States Internal Revenue, etc. On writ
of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the
Second Circuit;
No. 330. The United States, petitioner, v. Automatic Washer Com-
pany. On writ of certiorari to the Court of Claims; and
No. 331. The United States, petitioner, v. A. B. Leach & Co., Inc.
On writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals
for the Seventh Circuit. Judgment in No. 398 affirmed with costs
and cause remanded to the District Court of the United States for
the Southern District of New York; judgments in No. 330 and No.
331 reversed and cases remanded to the Court of Claims and to the

MONDAY, MARCH 1, 1937
157
District Court of the United States for the Northern District of Illi-
nois, respectively, for further proceedings in conformity with the
opinion of this Court. Opinion by Mr. Justice Brandeis.
No. 406. Wilhelmina Sumi, petitioner, v. Alsie M. Young. On
writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for
the Ninth Circuit. Judgment affirmed with costs and cause re-
manded to the District Court of the United States for the Territory
of Alaska. Opinion by Mr. Justice McReynolds. Mr. Justice Stone
and Mr. Justice Cardozo concur in the result.
No. 563. Park L. Hoffman, Substituted for R. G. Holsing, Re-
ceiver, etc., petitioner, v. Henry I. Rauch, Administrator, et al. On
writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for
the Third Circuit. Judgment reversed with costs and cause re-
manded to the District Court of the United States for the Western
District of Pennsylvania for further proceedings in conformity with
the opinion of this Court. Opinion by Mr. Justice McReynolds.
No. 446. Aetna Life Insurance Company of Hartford, Connecticut,
petitioner, v. Edwin P. Haworth and Cora M. Haworth. On writ of
certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the
Eighth Circuit. Judgment reversed with costs and cause remanded
to the District Court of the United States for the Western District
of Missouri for further proceedings in conformity with the opinion
of this Court. Opinion by Mr. Chief Justice Hughes.
No. 549. L. J. Lawrence, Guardian of Harry Newsome, incom-
petent, petitioner, v. John A. Shaw and others, members of and con-
stituting the Board of Commissioners of Hertford County, et al.
On writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of the State of North
Carolina. Judgment reversed with costs and cause remanded to the
said Supreme Court for further proceedings not inconsistent with
the opinion of this Court. Opinion by Mr. Chief Justice Hughes.
2
'
The Chief Justice announced the following orders of the Court:
No. 622. New York Life Insurance Company and The American
Surety Company, appellants, v. James A. Alexander, Executor, etc.
Appeal from the Supreme Court of the State of Mississippi. Per
curiam: The motion of the appellees to dismiss the appeal is
granted, and the appeal is dismissed for the reason that the judg-
ment sought here to be reviewed is based upon a non-federal ground
adequate to support it. Enterprise Irrigation Dist. v. Canal Co.,
243 U. S. 157, 163, 164; Fox Film Corp. v. Muller, 296 U. S. 207,
210, 211; Lansing Drop Forge Co. v. American State Savings Bank,
297 U. S. 697. See New York Life Insurance Company v. Blaylock,
144 Miss. 541.
1
n
1
m

MONDAY, MARCH 1, 1937
158
No. 692. J. L. Bunger, appellant, v. The Town of Green River,
Wyoming. Appeal from the Supreme Court of the State of Wyo-
ming. Per curiam: The motion of the appellee to dismiss the appeal
is granted, and the appeal is dismissed for the want of a substantial
federal question. (1) Gundling v. Chicago, 177 U. S. 183, 188;
Western Turf Association v. Greenberg, 204 U. S. 359, 363; Williams
v. Arkansas, 217 U. S. 79. (2) Lindsley v. Natural Carbonic Gas
Co., 220 U. S. 61, 81; Central Lumber Co. v. South Dakota, 226
U. S. 157, 160; Bryant v. Zimmerman, 278 U. S. 63, 73; (3) Asbell
v. Kansas, 209 U. S. 251, 254, 255; Savage v. Jones, 225 U. S. 501,
525; Hartford Indemnity Co. v. Illinois, 298 U. S. 155, 158.
No. 693. William W. Vaughan et al., co-partners, doing business
under the Firm name and style of Vaughan & Company, appellants,
v. The State of New York. Appeal from the Court of Claims of
the State of New York. Per curiam: The motion of the appellee to
dismiss the appeal is granted, and the appeal is dismissed for the
want of a substantial federal question. Hatch v. Reardon, 204 U. S.
152, 159, 160.
No. 698. Peter H. Markmann Funeral Home, Inc., appellant, v.
John J. Ryan. Appeal from the Supreme Court of the State of
Pennsylvania. Per curiam: The motion of the appellee to dismiss
the appeal is granted, and the appeal is dismissed for the want of
a substantial federal question. Crescent Oil Co. v. Mississippi, 257
U. S. 129, 137; Hanover Ins. Co. v. Harding, 272 U. S. 494, 507;
Hemphill v. Orloff, 277 U. S. 537, 548.
No. 584. City Bus Company, appellant, v. State of Mississippi.
Appeal from the Supreme Court of the State of Mississippi. Per
curiam: The motion to reinstate the appeal is granted. The appeal
is dismissed (1) for the want of a substantial federal question,
Carley & Hamilton v. Snook, 281 U. S. 66, 73–74; (2) insofar as a
question is sought to be raised under the Fourteenth Amendment,
for the want of a properly presented federal question. McCor-
quodale v. State of Texas, 211 U. S. 432, 437; Forbes v. State
Council of Virginia, 216 U. S. 396, 399; Rooker v. Fidelity Trust Co.,
261 U. S. 114, 117; Gelkom Realty Corp. v. Young Women's
Hebrew Ass'n., 296 U. S. 537.
The Chief Justice said:
"The other orders of the Court appear upon the list certified by
the Chief Justice and filed with the clerk and will not be announced
orally."
No. 266. Harold L. Ickes, Secretary of the Interior, petitioner, v.
Mazine Z. Fox et al.;
No. 267. Harold L. Ickes, Secretary of the Interior, petitioner, v.
Phillip Louis Parks et al.; and

MONDAY, MARCH 1, 1937
159
No. 268. Harold L. Ickes, Secretary of the Interior, petitioner, v.
Jacob F. Ottmuller. It is ordered by this Court that the opinion of
this Court in these cases be, and it hereby is, amended as follows:
That the word "so" in line 6 from the bottom of page 1 be trans-
posed to follow the word "suits" in the same line; and that there be
inserted between the words "affect” and “the” in line 6 from the
bottom of page 1, the words "the extent or measure of the rights of
the respective respondents or" so that the sentence will read: "The
allegations of the three second-amended bills of complaint differ in
some particulars; but whether these differences will affect the extent
or measure of the rights of the respective respondents or the final
disposition of the suits so as to require unlike decrees, we do not
determine."
The petition for rehearing is denied.
No. 105. Lulu Mignon Murphy, petitioner, v. S. S. Murphy (and
wife) Alice K. Murphy. The motion for an order requiring the
clerk of the Supreme Court of the State of California to certify the
record is denied.
No. 511. John Sanacory petitioner, v. The People of the State of
New York. The motion for leave to file a second petition for
rehearing is denied.
No. 690. Michael J. Dugan and Denis M. Creeden, co-partners,
doing business under the firm name of Creeden Tobacco Company,
appellants, v. H. Styles Bridges, Governor of the State of New
Hampshire, et al. In this case probable jurisdiction is noted. The
motion to substitute Walter H. White and William A. Jackson,
members of the State Liquor Commission, as appellees herein in
place of William M. Marcotte, Jr., and Bernard B. Chase, respec-
tively, is granted. Further consideration of said motion, insofar as
it requests the substitution of Francis P. Murphy, Governor of the
State of New Hampshire, for H. Styles Bridges, is postponed to the
hearing of the case on the merits.
No. 731. The National Fertilizer Association, Inc., et al., appel-
lants, v. W. W. Bradley, Individually, etc., et al., and
No. 734. The United States of America et al., appellants, v. Ameri-
can Sheet & Tin Plate Company et al. In these cases probable
jurisdiction is noted.
No. 712. Phillips Pipe Line Company, appellant, v. The State of
Missouri. Further consideration of the question of the jurisdiction
of this Court in this case is postponed to the hearing of the case on
the merits.
'

MONDAY, MARCH 1, 1937
160
No. 688. Max Shulman, Bernard Shulman, et al., petitioners, v.
Wilson-Sheridan Hotel Company et al. Petition for writ of certio-
rari to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Seventh
Circuit granted.
No. 637. The United States, petitioner, v. S. Davis Wilson, David E.
Kaufman, et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of
Claims denied.
No. 639. Joseph Burr, petitioner, v. The United States of America;
No. 640. Joseph Burr, petitioner, v. The United States of America;
No. 641. Barney Gisnet, petitioner, v. The United States of
America;
No. 642. Barney Gisnet, petitioner, v. The United States of
America;
No. 643. Harry Minsky, petitioner, v. The United States of
America;
No. 644. Harry Minsky, petitioner, v. The United States of
America. Petition for writs of certiorari to the United States Cir-
cuit Court of Appeals for the Seventh Circuit denied.
No. 651. Southern Pacific Company and John A. Negrich, peti-
tioners, v. Harold Lahey et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
District Court of Appeal, 3rd Appellate District, State of California,
denied.
No. 653. Ruben Condenser Company and P. R. Mallory & Co., Inc.,
petitioner, v. Copeland Refrigeration Corporation. Petition for writ
of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the
Second Circuit denied.
No. 665. William E. Maher, petitioner, v. New York, Chicago &
St. Louis Railroad Company. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
Appellate Court, 1st District, State of Illinois, denied.
No. 666. National Lock Co., petitioner, v. Floyd E. Thompson,
Henry J. Brandt, et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United.
States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Seventh Circuit denied.
No. 679. American-West African Line, Inc., petitioner, v. John A.
Nelson. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit
Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit denied.
No. 645. Charles H. Hubbard, petitioner, v. The United States.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Claims denied.
No. 646. Charles H. Hubbard, petitioner, v. The United States.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Claims denied.
No. 661. Spurgeon L. Steverson, Debtor, petitioner, v. Florrie G.
Clark, and other creditors of Spurgeon L. Steverson. Petition for
writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for
the Fourth Circuit denied.
•
i

MONDAY, MARCH 1, 1937
161
No. 669. Chew Deck, petitioner, v. Commissioner of Immigration
and Naturalization, Port of New York. Petition for writ of cer-
tiorari to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Second
Circuit denied.
No. 673. Adolph Kaufman, Henry Hetkin, et al., etc., petitioners,
v. United Shipyards, Inc., Formerly United Dry Docks, Inc. Peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of
Appeals for the Second Circuit denied.
No. 677. Eisele & Company, petitioner, v. Becton, Dickinson & Co.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of
Appeals for the Sixth Circuit denied.
No. 689. The Reeves Manufacturing Company, petitioner, v. The
Lome Company, et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United
States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Sixth Circuit denied.
No. 695. Lewis Luster, Surviving Executor of the Estate of Frank
C. Hermann, deceased, petitioner, v. Adolph L. Martin, David S.
Runnels, et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Circuit Court of Appeals for the Seventh Circuit denied.
No. 608. Fidelity and Deposit Company of Maryland and O. D.
Hadfield, petitioners, v. Corine Jones, a minor, by Stella Francis
Johnson, her guardian, et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
Supreme Court of the State of Arkansas denied.
No. 20. Great Northern Railway Company, appellant, v. State of
Washington;
No. 217. Midland Realty Company, appellant, v. Kansas City
Power & Light Company;
No. 325. Morley Construction Company et al., petitioners, v. Mary-
land Casualty Company;
No. 329. The United States of America, petitioner, v. John J.
Giles;
No. 572. Continental Mills, Inc., petitioner, v. The United States;
and
No. 619. Catharine Ulrich Kabatt, petitioner, v. The Board of Edu-
cation of the City of Elmira. Petitions for rehearing denied.
No. 532. The United States of America, petitioner, v. Morgan
Belmont, et al., etc. Motion to intervene submitted by Mr. Samson
Selig for John R. Crews, temporary receiver of the assets in New
York of Petrograd Metal Works in support of the motion and by
Mr. Solicitor General Reed for the United States in opposition
thereto and the motion denied.

MONDAY, MARCH 1, 1937
162
No., original. Ex parte: The Filer and Stowell Co., et al., peti-
tioners. Motion for leave to file petition for writ of certiorari sub-
mitted by Mr. William F. Hannan for the petitioners.
No. 103. District of Columbia, petitioner, v. Ethel Clawans. Re-
argued by Mr. Raymond Sparks for the petitioner and by Mr. Seth
W. Richardson for the respondent.
No. 418. Harold H. Henneford, et al., members of the Tax Com-
mission of the State of Washington, appellants, v. Silas Mason Com-
pany, Inc., et al. Reargument commenced by Mr. R. G. Sharpe for
the appellants, and continued by Mr. B. H. Kizer for the appellees.
Adjourned until tomorrow at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Tuesday, March 2, will be as follows: Nos. 418,
227, 491, 500, 505, 530, 531, 532, 534, and 559.

TUESDAY, MARCH 2, 1937
163
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: The Chief Justice, Mr. Justice Van Devanter, Mr. Jus-
tice McReynolds, Mr. Justice Brandeis, Mr. Justice Sutherland, Mr.
Justice Butler, Mr. Justice Stone, Mr. Justice Roberts, and Mr.
Justice Cardozo.
Olin R. Moyle, of Brooklyn, N. Y.; James Brownlee, of Spring-
field, Vt.; Geraint Humpherys, of Montpelier, Idaho; James M. H.
Cullender, of Roswell, N. Mex.; Harold Mathews LaFont, of Plain-
view, Tex.; Charles LaVerne Larzelere, of Los Angeles, Calif.;
Jerome J. Screeton, of Hazen, Ark.; Julian G. Straus, of Memphis,
Tenn.; Emanuel A. Stern, of New York City; Leon P. Howell, of
Beaumont, Tex.; and Amasa Hartwell Balcom, of Washington,
D. C., were admitted to practice.
No. 564. L. Gordon Hamersley, petitioner, v. The United States.
Motion for an extension of time within which to file petition for
rehearing submitted by Mr. Ralph Royall for the petitioner.
No. 564. L. Gordon Hamersley, petitioner, v. The United States.
Time within which to file petition for rehearing extended to May
17 next.
No. 418. Harold H. Henneford et al., members of the Tax Commis-
sion of the State of Washington, appellants, v. Silas Mason Com-
pany, Inc., et al. Reargument continued by Mr. B. H. Kizer for
the appellees and concluded by Mr. R. G. Sharpe for the appellants.
No. 227. Jose Matos, petitioner, v. Alonso Hermanos et al. Argued
by Mr. Nelson Gammans for the petitioner and by Mr. Francis H.
Dexter for the respondents.
No. 491. City of Holton, appellant, v. Kansas State Bank, Holton,
Kansas et al. Argument commenced by Mr. Albert M. Cole for
the appellant. The Court declined to hear further argument.
No. 500. Guy S. Martin, petitioner, v. National Surety Company
et al. Argument commenced by Mr. Richard S. Bull for the peti-
tioner and continued by Mr. J. H. Cunningham, Jr., for the re-
spondents.
Adjourned until tomorrow at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Wednesday, March 3, will be as follows: Nos.
500, 505, 530, 532, 531, 534, 559, 575, 573, and 552.
97624-37-64
☑

164
WEDNESDAY, MARCH 3, 1937
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: The Chief Justice, Mr. Justice Van Devanter, Mr. Justice
McReynolds, Mr. Justice Brandeis, Mr. Justice Sutherland, Mr.
Justice Butler, Mr. Justice Stone, Mr. Justice Roberts, and Mr.
Justice Cardozo.
Hal C. Douglas, of Fayetteville, Ark.; Ted Dalton, of East Rad-
ford, Va.; T. X. Parsons, of Roanoke, Va.; Harper MacFarlane, of
San Antonio, Tex.; Michael M. Platzman, of New York City; S. S.
Lambeth, Jr., of Bedford, Va.; Benjamin A. Wilder, of New York
City; and S. V. Kemp, of Lynchburg, Va., were admitted to
practice.
No. 500. Guy S. Martin, petitioner, v. National Surety Company
et al. Argument continued by Mr. J. H. Cunningham, Jr., for the
respondents and concluded by Mr. Richard S. Bull for the petitioner.
No. 505. The Atchison, Topeka and Santa Fe Railway Company,
petitioner, v. William W. Scarlett. Argument commenced by Mr.
H. K. Lockwood and continued by Mr. Robert Brennan for the
petitioner; by Mr. Louis E. Goodman for the respondent; and con-
cluded by Mr. Robert Brennan for the petitioner.
No. 530. Robert Page Wright, Bankrupt, petitioner, v. Vinton
Branch of the Mountain Trust Bank of Roanoke, Virginia, et al.
Leave granted Mr. John Strickler to argue pro hac vice, for the
respondent, on motion of Mr. William Lemke in that behalf.
No. 530. Robert Page Wright, Bankrupt, petitioner, v. Vinton
Branch of the Mountain Trust Bank of Roanoke, Virginia, et al.
Three hours allowed for oral argument. Argument commenced by
Mr. S. S. Lambeth, Jr., for the petitioner and continued by Mr.
John Strickler, pro hac vice by special leave of the Court, for the
respondents.
Adjourned until tomorrow at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Thursday, March 4, will be as follows: Nos. 530,
532, 531, 534, 559, 575, 573, 552, 558, and 562.
97624-37-65
Х
IN
f

THURSDAY, MARCH 4, 1937
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
165
Present: The Chief Justice, Mr. Justice Van Devanter, Mr. Justice
McReynolds, Mr. Justice Brandeis, Mr. Justice Sutherland, Mr. Jus-
tice Butler, Mr. Justice Stone, Mr. Justice Roberts, and Mr. Justice
Cardozo.
Louis A. Kohn, of Chicago, Ill.; Charles S. Druggan, of Columbus,
Ohio; J. Paul McNamara, of Columbus, Ohio; Buist M. Anderson,
of Hartford, Conn.; Franz U. Burkett, of Portland, Maine; Ralph
W. Farris, of Augusta, Maine; Gladys A. Harrison, of Minneapolis,
Minn.; and William Clarke Morris, of New York City, were admitted
to practice.
No. 530. Robert Page Wright, Bankrupt, petitioner, v. Vinton
Branch of the Mountain Trust Bank of Roanoke, Virginia, et al.
Argument continued by Mr. Elmer McClain for the petitioner; by Mr.
T. X. Parsons for the respondents; and concluded by Mr. William
Lemke for the petitioner.
No. 532. The United States of America, petitioner, v. Morgan
Belmont and Eleanor R. Belmont, as Executors, etc. Argued by Mr.
Solicitor General Reed and Mr. David E. Hudson for the petitioner,
and by Mr. C. W. Wickersham for the respondents.
No. 531. John Boseman, petitioner, v. Connecticut General Life
Insurance Company. Argument commenced by Mr. Leon P. Howell
for the petitioner.
Adjourned until tomorrow at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Friday, March 5, will be as follows: Nos. 531,
534, 559, 575, 573, 552, 558, 562, 570, and 602.
Х
97624-37-66
I
1"

FRIDAY, MARCH 5, 1937
166
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: The Chief Justice, Mr. Justice Van Devanter, Mr. Justice
McReynolds, Mr. Justice Brandeis, Mr. Justice Sutherland, Mr. Jus-
tice Butler, Mr. Justice Stone, Mr. Justice Roberts, and Mr. Justice
Cardozo.
Edgar R. Kraetzer, of New York City; Philip Levy, of New York
City; Joseph S. Clark, Jr., of Philadelphia, Pa.; Wm. A. Seidl, of
New York City; Frank L. Hinckley, of Providence, R. I.; and Lester
H. Duquette, of Kaiser, Mo., were admitted to practice.
No. 257. Guy T. Helvering, Commissioner of Internal Revenue,
petitioner, v. The Midland Mutual Life Insurance Company. Time
within which to file petition for rehearing extended to April 1, on
motion of Mr. Wm. Marshall Bullitt for the respondent.
No. 531. John Boseman, petitioner, v. Connecticut General Life
Insurance Company. Argument continued by Mr. Leon P. Howell
for the petitioner, by Mr. Wm. Marshall Bullitt for the respondent,
and concluded by Mr. Major T. Bell for the respondent.
No. 534. Bourjois, Inc., appellant, v. Clyde R. Chapman, George
W. Leadbetter, et al. Argued by Mr. Asher Blum for the appellant,
and by Mr. Ralph W. Farris for the appellees.
No. 559. General Baking Company, petitioner, v. Luther A. Harr,
(Successor to William D. Gordon), Secretary of Banking for the
Commonwealth of Pennsylvania, etc., et al. Argued by Mr. George
E. Beechwood for the petitioner, and by Mr. Joseph S. Clark, Jr.,
for the respondents.
-
Adjourned until Monday next at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Monday, March 8, will be as follows: Nos. 575,
original Texas v. New York, 573, 552, 558, 562, 570, 602, 600,
and 599.
Х
97624-37-67
1

MONDAY, MARCH 8, 1937
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
167
Present: The Chief Justice, Mr. Justice Van Devanter, Mr. Jus-
tice McReynolds, Mr. Justice Brandeis, Mr. Justice Sutherland, Mr.
Justice Butler, Mr. Justice Stone, Mr. Justice Roberts, and Mr.
Justice Cardozo.
Robert M. Blair-Smith, of New York City; Samuel Vigotsky, of
New York City; Peter B. Atwood, of Chicago, Ill.; Charles Pickett,
of Fairfax, Va.; and Sidney Goldman, of Trenton, N. J., were
admitted to practice.
The Chief Justice announced the following orders of the Court:
No. 741. Able Blackman, Julius Blackman, et al., appellants, v.
Clyde E. Stone, Individually and as Chairman and a Member of the
State Officers Electoral Board of the State of Illinois, et al. Appeal
from the District Court of the United States for the Southern Dis-
trict of Illinois. Per curiam: The decree entered by the District
Court composed of three judges under 28 U. S. C. 380 is vacated upon
the ground that the cause, so far as relief by injunction is sought, has
become moot (Mills v. Green, 159 U. S. 651, 653; Jones v. Montague,
194 U. S. 147, 151, 152; Richardson v. McChesney, 218 U. S. 487, 492;
Mahan v. Hume, 287 U. S. 575), but without prejudice to action by
the District Court in relation to any matter which may remain in
the cause.
No. 491. City of Holton, appellant, v. Kansas State Bank, Holton,
Kansas, Roy A. Haines, State Bank Commissioner, et al. Appeal
from the Supreme Court of the State of Kansas. Per curiam: The
appeal herein is dismissed for the want of jurisdiction. Pawhuska v.
Pawhuska Oil Co., 250 U. S. 394; Trenton v. New Jersey, 262
U. S. 182.
The Chief Justice said:
"The other orders of the Court appear upon the list certified by the
Chief Justice and filed with the Clerk and will not be announced
orally."
No. - original. Ex parte: Filer & Stowell Co., et al., petitioners.
The Motion for leave to file petition for writ of certiorari herein is
denied.
No. 761. Ida Wells, petitioner, v. George W. Wells. On petition
for writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals
97624-37-68
"
1

MONDAY, MARCH 8, 1937
168
for the Tenth Circuit. The motion for leave to proceed further
herein in forma pauperis is denied for the reason that the Court,
upon examination of the papers herein submitted, finds no ground
upon which a writ of certiorari should be granted. The petition for
writ of certiorari is therefore also denied.
No. 724. Albert A. Carmichael, Individually, etc., et al., appellants,
v. Southern Coal & Coke Company. In this case probable jurisdic-
tion is noted.
No. 713. Chester C. Dodge, Catherine L. Baird, et al., appellants,
v. Board of Education of the City of Chicago et al. Further con-
sideration of the question of the jurisdiction of this Court in this
case is postponed to the hearing of the case on the merits.
No. 716. Great Lakes Transit Corporation, petitioner, v. Interstate
Steamship Company et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Sixth Circuit granted
limited to the second question presented by the petition for writ of
certiorari.
No. 621. The First National Bank & Trust Company of Bridge-
port, Connecticut, Trustee, petitioner, v. Francis E. Beach. Peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of
Appeals for the Second Circuit granted.
No. 615. The Choctaw Nation, petitioner, v. The United States
and the Chickasaw Nation. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
Court of Claims denied.
No. 663. Halsted L. Ritter, petitioner, v. The United States. Peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the Court of Claims denied.
No. 678. Marcella Hornung, Minor, by Freda Rudolph, her
statutory guardian, et al., petitioners, v. The Louisville Trust Com-
pany et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Cir-
cuit Court of Appeals for the Sixth Circuit denied.
No. 691. Elzada Williams, Administratrix, etc., petitioner, v. Ter-
minal Railroad Association of St. Louis. Petition for writ of cer-
tiorari to the Supreme Court of the State of Missouri denied.
No. 696. David I. Wainer, Allen M. Wainer, et al., petitioners, v.
The United States of America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Seventh Circuit
denied.
No. 701. John F. Jelke Company, petitioner, v. Julius F. Smiet-
anka, as Former Collector, etc. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Seventh Circuit
denied.

MONDAY, MARCH 8, 1937
169
No. 702. Rolland S. Trott and Borg-Warner Corporation, peti-
tioner, v. Neal R. Cullen, Ward J. Thompson, et al., etc. Petition
for writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals
for the Tenth Circuit denied.
No. 711. Mary Hayes Guilfoil, petitioner, v. Adelaide M. Grady
Hayes, in her own right and as executrix. Petition for writ of cer-
tiorari to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Fourth
Circuit denied.
No. 714. S. S. Kresge Company, petitioner, v. Richard D. Sears
et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit
Court of Appeals for the First Circuit denied.
No. 725. National Reserve Insurance Company of Illinois, peti-
tioner, v. Maggie Manzo. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit
denied.
No. 728. Mount Clemens Sugar Company, petitioner, v. Grand
Trunk Western Railroad Company. Petition for writ of certiorari
to the Supreme Court of the State of Michigan denied.
No. 718. George H. Barbour et al., petitioners, v. C. O. Thomas,
Receiver, etc., et al.; and
No. 719. William F. Connolly, Receiver, etc., petitioner, v. C. O.
Thomas, Receiver, etc. Petitions for writs of certiorari to the United
States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Sixth Circuit denied.
No. 655. Ben Reuben, petitioner, v. The United States of America;
No. 656. Barney Laven, petitioner, v. The United States of Amer-
ica; and
No. 668. Leonard Rollnick, petitioner, v. The United States of
America. Petitions for writs of certiorari to the United States Cir-
cuit Court of Appeals for the Seventh Circuit denied.
No. 330. The United States, petitioner, v. Automatic Washer Com-
pany;
No. 623. Howard Preece, petitioner, v. The United States of
America; and
No. 649. The Aleograph Company, petitioner, v. Electrical Re-
search Products, Inc., et al. Petitions for rehearing denied.
ORDER
The Court will take a recess from Monday, March 15, to Monday,
March 29, next.
No. 8, original. Commonwealth of Kentucky, complainant, v.
State of Indiana. Report No. 14 of defendant, State of Indiana,
presented.

MONDAY, MARCH 8, 1937
170
No. 575. William Elmer Brown, Jr., petitioner, v. Edward J.
O'Keefe, Receiver, etc. Argued by Mr. Elmer Brown, Jr., for the
petitioner, and by Mr. George P. Barse for the respondent.
No. -, original. State of Texas, complainant, v. State of New
York et al. Argument on the Motion for leave to file Bill of Com-
plaint and the returns to the rule to show cause commenced by Mr.
William McCraw for the complainant, State of Texas; continued by
Mr. Llewellyn B. Duke for the complainant, State of Texas; by Mr.
James J. Ronan for the defendant, Commonwealth of Massachu-
setts; and by Mr. H. E. Carter for the defendant, State of Florida.
Motion for leave to file Bill of Complaint denied without prejudice.
No. 573. Highland Farms Dairy, Incorporated, and Luther W.
High, appellants, v. J. P. Agnew, Chairman, et al., etc. Argument
commenced by Mr. Philip W. Rosenfeld for the appellants, and con-
tinued by Mr. Edwin H. Gibson for the appellees.
Adjourned until tomorrow at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Tuesday, March 9, will be as follows: Nos. 573,
552, 558, 562, 570, 602, 600, 599, 588 (and 670), and 647.
L
+$
1

TUESDAY, MARCH 9, 1937
171
☐☐ SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: The Chief Justice, Mr. Justice Van Devanter, Mr. Justice
McReynolds, Mr. Justice Brandeis, Mr. Justice Sutherland, Mr. Jus-
tice Butler, Mr. Justice Stone, Mr. Justice Roberts, and Mr. Justice
Cardozo.
Edward H. P. Fronefield, of Media, Pa.; Guy G. deFuria, of
Chester, Pa.; Louis Arthur Bloom, of Chester, Pa.; C. Willia, Kraft,
Jr. of Media, Pa.; William R. Toal, of Media, Pa.; Mervyn Russell
Turk, of Chester, Pa.; E. Leroy van Roden, of Media, Pa.; William
Blake McClenachan, Jr., of Chester, Pa.; Clement J. McGovern, of
Chester, Pa.; Daniel S. Murph, of St. Matthews, S. C.; Belford
Vance Lawson, Jr., of Washington, D. C.; Theodore Moody Berry,
of Cincinnati, Ohio; and Anton P. Wright, of Savannah, Ga., were
admitted to practice.
No. 573. Highland Farms Dairy, Incorporated, and Luther W.
High, appellants, v. J. P. Agnew, Chairman, et al., etc. Argument
continued by Mr. John S. Barbour for the appellees and concluded
by Mr. Lawrence Koenigsberger for the appellants.
No. 552. E. Pat Kelly, as Director of the Department of Labor
and Industries of the State of Washington, et al., petitioners, v.
State of Washington, on the relation of Foss Company, Inc., et al.
Argument commenced by Mr. W. A. Toner for the petitioners; con-
tinued by Mr. Glenn J. Fairbrook for the respondents; and con-
cluded by Mr. Daniel Baker for the petitioners.
No. 558. Alaska Packers Association, petitioner, v. Warren H.
Pillsbury, as Deputy Commissioner etc., et al. Argued by Mr.
Eugene M. Prince for the petitioner, and by Mr. J. Frank Staley for
the respondents.
Adjourned until tomorrow at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Wednesday, March 10, will be as follows: Nos.
562, 570, 602, 600, 599, 588 (and 670), 614, 647, 605, and 638.
97624-37-69
11
1
h

WEDNESDAY, MARCH 10, 1937
172
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: The Chief Justice, Mr. Justice McReynolds, Mr. Justice
Brandeis, Mr. Justice Sutherland, Mr. Justice Butler, Mr. Justice
Stone, Mr. Justice Roberts, and Mr. Justice Cardozo.
Katherine E. Barkdull, of Washington, D. C.; Murray D. Welch,
of New York City; Martin M. Ward, of Chicago, Ill.; and Jacob
Colman, of Brooklyn, N. Y., were admitted to practice.
No. 562. The United States of America, petitioner, v. Harry J.
Madigan. Argued by Mr. Wilbur C. Pickett for the petitioner, and
by Mr. Jordan R. Bentley for the respondent.
No. 570. Southern Natural Gas Corporation et al., appellants, v.
State of Alabama. Argument commenced by Mr. Forney Johnston
for the appellants; continued by Mr. Frontis H. Moore for the ap-
pellee; and concluded by Mr. Joseph F. Johnston for the appellants.
No. 602. Galen H. Welch, Former Collector of Internal Revenue,
etc., petitioner, v. Obispo Oil Co. Argument commenced by Mr. J.
Louis Monarch for the petitioner and continued by Mr. Joseph D.
Peeler for the respondent.
Adjourned until tomorrow at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Thursday, March 11, will be as follows: Nos.
602, 600, 599, 588 (and 670), 614, 605, and 638.
97624-37-70
1

THURSDAY, MARCH 11, 1937
173
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: The Chief Justice, Mr. Justice Van Devanter, Mr. Jus-
tice McReynolds, Mr. Justice Brandeis, Mr. Justice Butler, Mr.
Justice Stone, Mr. Justice Roberts, and Mr. Justice Cardozo.
Frank J. Williams, of Minneapolis, Minn.; William R. McWood,
of San Francisco, Calif.; Theodore S. Jaffin, of New York City;
Mary T. Denman, of Latrobe, Pa.; David N. Denman, of Latrobe,
Pa.; Lewis T. Matlack, of Washington, D. C.; and Ely Eber, of
Rochester, N. Y., were admitted to practice.
No. 285. United States, ex relatione, Girard Trust Company, Trus-
tee, etc., petitioner, v. Guy T. Helvering, Commissioner of Internal
Revenue. Motion for leave to file petition for rehearing submitted
by Mr. H. C. Kilpatrick for the petitioner.
No. 202. October Term 1935. Robert G. Stone et al., petitioners,
v. Thomas W. White, Former Collector etc. Motion for leave to file
petition for rehearing submitted by Mr. Donald Hunter for the
petitioners.
No. 602. Galen H. Welch, Former Collector of Internal Revenue,
etc., petitioner, v. Obispo Oil Co. Argument continued by Mr.
Joseph D. Peeler for the respondent, and concluded by Mr. J. Louis
Monarch for the petitioner.
No. 600. The United States of America, petitioner, v. George W.
Norris. Argued by Mr. Charles E. Wyzanski, Jr., for the petitioner,
and by Mr. William E. Shuman for the respondent.
No. 599. Carl F. Stroehmann et al., petitioners, v. Mutual Life
Insurance Company of New York. Argued by Mr. George H. Hafer
for the petitioners and by Mr. Wm. Marshall Bullitt for the respond-
ent.
No. 588. Henry E. Oppenheimer, petitioner, v. The Harriman
National Bank and Trust Company of the City of New York et al.;
and
No. 670. The Harriman National Bank and Trust Company of the
City of New York, petitioner, v. Henry E. Oppenheimer. Argument
commenced by Mr. E. S. Greenbaum for Oppenheimer.
Adjourned until tomorrow at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Friday, March 12, will be as follows: Nos. 588
(and 670), 614, and 605.
97624-37——71
☑

FRIDAY, MARCH 12, 1937
174
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
T
Present: The Chief Justice, Mr. Justice Van Devanter, Mr. Jus-
tice McReynolds, Mr. Justice Brandeis, Mr. Justice Sutherland, Mr.
Justice Butler, Mr. Justice Stone, Mr. Justice Roberts, and Mr. Jus-
tice Cardozo.
Herbert P. Leeman, of Washington, D. C., was admitted to
practice.
No. -, original. State of Texas, complainant, v. State of New
York et al. Motion for leave to file Bill of Complaint submitted by
Mr. William McCraw for the complainant.
No. 588. Henry E. Oppenheimer, petitioner, v. The Harriman
National Bank and Trust Company of the City of New York et al.;
and
No. 670. The Harriman National Bank and Trust Company of
the City of New York, petitioner, v. Henry E. Oppenheimer. Argu-
ment continued by Mr. E. S. Greenbaum for Oppenheimer and con-
cluded by Mr. Martin Conboy for Harriman National Bank and
Trust Company et al.
No. 614. Max Sonzinsky, petitioner, v. The United States of Amer-
ica. Argued by Mr. Harold J. Bandy for the petitioner and by Mr.
Brien McMahon for the respondent.
No. 605. American Propeller and Manufacturing Company, peti-
tioner, v. The United States. Argument commenced by Mr. J. Kemp
Bartlett for the petitioner; continued by Mr. J. Louis Monarch for
the respondent; and concluded by Mr. Edgar Allan Poe for the
petitioner.
Adjourned until Monday, March 15, next, at 12 o'clock.
97624-37-72
悅
1
1
Х

175
MONDAY, MARCH 15, 1937
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: The Chief Justice, Mr. Justice Van Devanter, Mr.
Justice Brandeis, Mr. Justice Sutherland, Mr. Justice Butler, Mr.
Justice Stone, Mr. Justice Roberts, and Mr. Justice Cardozo.
Ab B. Arbaugh, of Jasper, Ark.; B. W. Tipton, of Electra, Tex.;
Egbert Robertson, of Chicago, Ill.; James C. Spence, of Chicago,
Ill.; John Weaver, of Chicago, Ill.; and Peter S. Twitty, of Dublin,
Ga., were admitted to practice.
No. 451. William Whitlock Brush, petitioner, v. Commissioner of
Internal Revenue. On writ of certiorari to the United States Cir-
cuit Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit. Judgment reversed
and cause remanded to the said Circuit Court of Appeals for further
proceedings in conformity with the opinion of this Court. Opinion
by Mr. Justice Sutherland. Mr. Justice Stone and Mr. Justice Car-
dozo concur in the result. Dissenting opinion by Mr. Justice Roberts
in which Mr. Justice Brandeis joins.
The Chief Justice announced the following orders of the Court:
No. 742. People of the State of Illinois, ex rel. Jessie DeBardas,
for and on behalf of Simon DeBardas, Relator, appellant, v. John
Toman, Sheriff of Cook County. Appeal from the Supreme Court
of the State of Illinois. Per curiam: The motion for leave to file
the statement as to jurisdiction is granted. The motion of the ap-
pellee to dismiss the appeal is granted, and the appeal is dismissed
for the want of jurisdiction. Section 237 (a), Judicial Code, as
amended by the Act of February 13, 1925 (43 Stat. 936, 937). Treat-
ing the papers whereon the appeal was allowed as a petition for a
writ of certiorari, as required by Section 237 (c), Judicial Code, as
amended (43 Stat. 936, 938), certiorari is denied.
No. 758. Lina Singer, appellant, v. The People of the State of
Illinois, ex rel. John S. Rusch, relator. Appeal from the Supreme
Court of the State of Illinois. Per curiam: The appeal herein is
dismissed for the reason that the judgment of the Supreme Court of
the State of Illinois, sought here to be reviewed, is based upon a
non-federal ground adequate to support it. Callan v. Bransford,
139 U. S. 197; John v. Paullin, 231 U. S. 583, 585.
97624-37-73

MONDAY, MARCH 15, 1937
176
No. -, original. State of Texas, complainant, v. State of Florida
et al. The motion for leave to file the bill of complaint herein is
granted and process is ordered to issue returnable May 17, 1937.
The Chief Justice said:
"The other orders of the Court appear upon the list certified by
the Chief Justice and filed with the Clerk and will not be announced
orally."
No. 8, original. Commonwealth of Kentucky, complainant, v. State
of Indiana. Report No. 14 of the defendant, State of Indiana, is
received and ordered filed.
No. 770. Leila Zimmern et al., petitioners, v. The United States of
America. On petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Circuit Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit; and
No. 772. John O. Nelson, petitioner, v. Henry M. Cummings. On
petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of the State of
New York. The motions for leave to proceed further herein in
forma pauperis are denied for the reason that the Court, upon exam-
ination of the papers herein submitted finds no ground upon which
writs of certiorari should be granted. The petitions for writs of
certiorari are therefore also denied.
No. 285. United States, ex relatione, Girard Trust Company, Trus-
tee etc., petitioner v. Guy T. Helvering, Commissioner of Internal
Revenue. The motion for leave to file and the petition for rehearing
are granted. The order entered on December 7, 1936, denying the
petition for certiorari is vacated and the petition for writ of cer-
tiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the District of
Columbia is granted.
No. 202. October Term, 1935. Robert G. Stone et al., petitioners, v.
Thomas W. White, Former Collector, etc. The motion for leave to
file and the petition for rehearing are granted. The orders hereto-
fore entered on October 14, 1935, and December 7, 1936, denying
the petition for certiorari and petition for rehearing herein are
vacated and the petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Circuit Court of Appeals for the First Circuit is granted.
No. 797. Albert A. Carmichael, Attorney General of the State of
Alabama et al., appellants, v. Gulf States Paper Corporation. In
this case probable jurisdiction is noted. The case is assigned for
hearing immediately following No. 724.
No. 703. Old Colony Trust Company, Trustee, petitioner, v. Com-
missioner of Internal Revenue. Petition for writ of certiorari to
the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the First Circuit
granted.
1

MONDAY, MARCH 15, 1937
177
No. 721. Nathan Lipson, petitioner, v. Socony Vacuum Corpora-
tion; and
No. 722. Nathan Lipson, petitioner, v. Standard Oil Company of
New York, Inc. Petition for writs of certiorari to the United States
Circuit Court of Appeals for the First Circuit granted.
No. 676. Nat Rogan, Collector of Internal Revenue, etc., petitioner,
v. Ventura Consolidated Oil Fields. Petition for writ of certiorari
to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit
denied.
No. 697. Fidelity & Deposit Company of Maryland et al., peti-
tioners, v. Lillie Mathews Tucker Brock. Petition for writ of cer-
tiorari to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Fifth
Circuit denied.
No. 704. Heller Brothers Company of Newcomerstown, petitioner,
v. Ralph A. Lind, Regional Director, etc., et al.;
No. 705. Brown Shoe Company, Inc., petitioner, v. J. Warren
Madden et al.;
No. 706. Bethlehem Shipbuilding Corporation, Ltd., petitioner, v.
J. Warren Madden et al.;
No. 707. Beaver Mills, petitioner, v. J. Warren Madden et al.;
No. 708. J. C. Pilgrim et al., petitioners, v. J. Warren Madden
et al.;
No. 709. A. C. Lawrence Leather Company, petitioner, v.
Warren Madden et al., etc.;
J.
No. 710. Cabot Manufacturing Company, petitioner, v. J. Warren
Madden et al., etc.; and
No. 744. Hatfield Wire and Cable Company, petitioner, v. Elinore
M. Herrick, Regional Director, etc., et al. Petitions for writs of
certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the District of
Columbia denied.
No. 715. Nastia Poliakova, petitioner, v. Compagnie Generale
Transatlantique. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme
Court of the State of New York denied.
No. 723. H. A. Nord, Ben Hodges, et al., petitioners, v. James J.
Griffin. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit
Court of Appeals for the Seventh Circuit denied.
No. 727. Norman C. Norman, petitioner, v. Consolidated Edison
Company of New York, Inc., et al. Petition for writ of certiorari
to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Second
Circuit denied.
No. 729. F. E. Keeler, petitioner, v. Commissioner of Internal
Revenue. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Cir-
cuit Court of Appeals for the Eighth Circuit denied.

MONDAY, MARCH 15, 1937
178
No. 730. Peavy-Byrnes Lumber Company, petitioner, v. Commis-
sioner of Internal Revenue. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 733. United Chromium, Incorporated, petitioner, v. General
Motors Corporation et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit
denied.
No. 737. Reese Brooks, petitioner, v. Southern Railway Company.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of
Appeals for the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 746. Perey Manufacturing Co., Inc., et al., petitioners, v. David
Tulchin. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Cir-
cuit Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit denied.
Adjourned until Monday, March 29, next at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Monday, March 29, will be as follows: Nos. 627,
638, 652, 647, 658, 659, 687, 667, 688, and 690.
☑
།--འ ོ
#

MONDAY, MARCH 29, 1937
179
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: The Chief Justice, Mr. Justice Van Devanter, Mr. Justice
McReynolds, Mr. Justice Brandeis, Mr. Justice Sutherland, Mr. Jus-
tice Butler, Mr. Justice Stone, Mr. Justice Roberts, and Mr. Justice
Cardozo.
Edward First, of Philadelphia, Pa.; Paul Whitcomb Williams, of
New York City; Alfred G. Munger, of Omaha, Nebr.; Samuel A.
McCain, of New York City; Harry Miller, of Atlantic City, N. J.;
Murry C. Becker, of New York City; Lewis Cochran Cassidy, of Phil-
adelphia, Pa.; Edward S. Stimson, of St. Louis, Mo.; Samuel William
Zerman, of Weehawken, N. J.; Herman Siegel, of Union City, N. J.;
Sidney A. Wolff, of New York City; Arthur H. Lee, of Enid, Okla.;
Elza Charles Johnson, of Chevy Chase, Md.; F. A. Blanche, of Baton
Rouge, La.; Carl B. Fritsche, of Detroit, Mich.; Orin deMotte
Walker, of Indianapolis, Ind.; J. Turner Butler, of Jacksonville, Fla.;
Robert Piza Weil, of New York City; Richard E. Conour, of Denver,
Colo.; Leslie Jensen, of Hot Springs, S. Dak.; Dwight Ezra Camp-
bell, of Aberdeen, S. Dak.; and Ralph F. Merchant, of Minneapolis,
Minn., were admitted to practice.
No. 418. Harold H. Henneford, Thomas S. Hedges, and T. M. Jen-
nery, Members of the Tax Commission of the State of Washington,
appellants, v. Silas Mason Company, Inc., et al. Appeal from the
District Court of the United States for the Eastern District of Wash-
ington. Decree reversed with costs and cause remanded to the said
District Court for further proceedings in conformity with the opinion
of this Court. Opinion by Mr. Justice Cardozo. Dissenting, Mr.
Justice McReynolds and Mr. Justice Butler.
No. 500. Guy S. Martin, petitioner, v. National Surety Company
et al. On writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of
Appeals for the Eighth Circuit. Judgment affirmed with costs and
cause remanded to the District Court of the United States for the
Eastern District of Missouri. Opinion by Mr. Justice Cardozo.
No. 575. William Elmer Brown, Jr., petitioner, v. Edward J.
O'Keefe, Receiver, etc. On writ of certiorari to the United States
Circuit Court of Appeals for the Third Circuit. Judgment reversed
with costs and cause remanded to the District Court of the United
States for the District of New Jersey for further proceedings in con-
formity with the opinion of this Court. Opinion by Mr. Justice
Cardozo.
97624-37-74
抛

MONDAY, MARCH 29, 1937
180
No. 573. Highland Farms Dairy, Incorporated, and Luther W.
High, appellants, v. J. P. Agnew Chairman, Kone Bruch, et al., etc.
Appeal from the District Court of the United States for the Eastern
District of Virginia. Decree affirmed with costs. Opinion by Mr.
Justice Cardozo. Concurring in part: Mr. Justice Van Devanter, Mr.
Justice McReynolds, Mr. Justice Sutherland, and Mr. Justice Butler.
No. 600. The United States of America, petitioner, v. George W.
Norris. On writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of
Appeals for the Eighth Circuit. Judgment of the Circuit Court of
Appeals reversed and judgment of the District Court of the United
States for the District of Nebraska affirmed and cause remanded to
the said District Court for further proceedings in conformity with
the opinion of this Court. Opinion by Mr. Justice Roberts.
No. 562. The United States of America, petitioner, v. Harry J.
Madigan. On writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court
of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit. Judgment reversed and cause
remanded to the District Court of the United States for the South-
ern District of California for further proceedings in conformity
with the opinion of this Court. Opinion by Mr. Justice Stone.
No. 614. Max Sonzinsky, petitioner, v. The United States of
America. On writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court
of Appeals for the Seventh Circuit. Judgment affirmed and cause
remanded to the District Court of the United States for the Eastern
District of Illinois. Opinion by Mr. Justice Stone.
No. 324. The Virginian Railway Company, petitioner, v. System
Federation No. 40, Railway Employees Department of the American
Federation of Labor, etc., et al. On writ of certiorari to the United
States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Fourth Circuit. Decree
affirmed with costs and cause remanded to the District Court of the
United States for the Eastern District of Virginia. Opinion by Mr.
Justice Stone.
No. 207. Guy T. Helvering, Commissioner of Internal Revenue,
petitioner, v. Tex-Penn Oil Company;
No. 208. Guy T. Helvering, Commissioner of Internal Revenue,
petitioner, v. M. L. Benedum; and
No. 209. Guy T. Helvering, Commissioner of Internal Revenue,
petitioner, v. F. B. Parriott. On writs of certiorari to the United
States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Third Circuit. Judgments
affirmed and cases remanded to the said Circuit Court of Appeals.
Opinion by Mr. Justice Butler. Mr. Justice Roberts took no part in
the consideration or decision of these cases. Mr. Justice Cardozo con-
curs on the ground last stated in the opinion.
A
1
•
1
情
4

MONDAY, MARCH 29, 1937
181
No. 505. The Atchison, Topeka and Santa Fe Railway Company,
petitioner, v. William W. Scarlett. On writ of certiorari to the
Supreme Court of the State of California. Judgment reversed with
costs and cause remanded to the said Supreme Court for further
proceedings not inconsistent with the opinion of this Court. Opinion
by Mr. Justice Sutherland.
No. 605. American Propeller and Manufacturing Company, peti-
tioner, v. The United States. On writ of certiorari to the Court of
Claims. Judgment reversed and cause remanded to the Court of
Claims for further proceedings in conformity with the opinion of
this Court. Opinion By Mr. Justice Sutherland.
No. 530. Robert Page Wright, Bankrupt, petitioner, v. Vinton
Branch of the Mountain Trust Bank of Roanoke, Virginia, et al.
On writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals
for the Fourth Circuit. Judgment reversed with costs and cause
remanded to the District Court of the United States for the Western
District of Virginia for further proceedings in conformity with the
opinion of this Court. Opinion by Mr. Justice Brandeis.
No. 227. Jose Matos, petitioner, v. Alonso Hermanos et al. On
writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for
the First Circuit. Judgment of the Circuit Court of Appeals re-
versed with costs and judgment of the Supreme Court of Puerto
Rico affirmed and cause remanded to the said Supreme Court for
further proceedings not inconsistent with the opinion of this Court.
Opinion by Mr. Justice McReynolds.
No. 559. General Baking Company, petitioner, v. Luther A. Harr
(Successor to William D. Gordon), Secretary of Banking, etc., et al.
On writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals
for the Third Circuit. Decree reversed with costs and cause re-
manded to the said Circuit Court of Appeals for further proceedings
in conformity with the opinion of this Court. Opinion by Mr.
Justice McReynolds.
No. 599. Carl F. Stroehmann and Lycoming Trust Company, Trus-
tee, petitioners, v. Mutual Life Insurance Company of New York.
On writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals
for the Third Circuit. Judgment of the Circuit Court of Appeals
reversed with costs and judgment of the District Court of the United
States for the Middle District of Pennsylvania affirmed and cause
remanded to the said District Court for further proceedings in con-
formity with the opinion of this Court. Opinion by Mr. Justice
McReynolds.

MONDAY, MARCH 29, 1937
182
No. 340. Etienne Dugas, petitioner, v. American Surety Company
of New York. On writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit
Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit. Decree affirmed with costs
and cause remanded to the District Court of the United States for
the Eastern District of Louisiana. Opinion by Mr. Justice Van
Devanter. The Chief Justice and Mr. Justice Cardozo are of opinion
that the decree should be reversed for the reasons stated by Sibley, J.,
in the court below. Mr. Justice Stone did not participate in the
consideration or decision of this case.
No. 293. West Coast Hotel Company, appellant, v. Ernest Parrish
and Elsie Parrish, his wife. Appeal from the Supreme Court of the
State of Washington. Judgment affirmed with costs. Opinion by
Mr. Chief Justice Hughes. Dissenting opinion by Mr. Justice
Sutherland in which Mr. Justice Van Devanter, Mr. Justice
McReynolds, and Mr. Justice Butler join.
The Chief Justice announced the following order of the Court:
No. 818. Alf O. Whitmore, appellant, v. Salt Lake City, George
M. Bacon, as State Engineer, etc., et al. Appeal from the Supreme
Court of the State of Utah. Per curiam: The motion of the appel-
lees to dismiss the appeal is granted and the appeal is dismissed
for the want of jurisdiction. Godchaux Co. v. Estopinal, 251 U. S.
179; Herndon v. Georgia, 295 U. S. 441, 443; Johnson v. Washing-
ton, 296 U. S. 535. Treating the papers whereon the appeal was
allowed as a petition for a writ of certiorari, as required by Section
237 (c), Judicial Code, as amended by the Act of February 13, 1925
(43 Stat. 936, 938), certiorari is denied.
The Chief Justice said:
"The other orders of the Court appear upon the list certified by
the Chief Justice and filed with the Clerk and will not be announced
orally."
No. 815. Mrs. Ella Alice Cartey, as Administratrix, etc., petitioner,
v. The United States of America. On petition for writ of certiorari
to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit;
No. 816. Mrs. Bertie Berry Jenkins, as Administratrix, etc., peti-
tioner, v. The United States of America. On petition for writ of
certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the
Fifth Circuit; and
No. 826. Claude Wyant, petitioner, v. Samuel R. Caldwell, Re-
ceiver, etc. On petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Circuit Court of Appeals for the Fourth Circuit. The motions for
11

MONDAY, MARCH 29, 1937
183
leave to proceed further herein in forma pauperis are denied for
the reason that the Court, upon examination of the papers herein
submitted, finds no ground upon which writs of certiorari should
be granted. The petitions for writ of certiorari are therefore also
denied.
No. 712. Phillips Pipe Line Company, appellant, v. The State of
Missouri. On motion of the Attorney General of the State of Mis-
souri this case is continued to the October Term 1937.
No. 724. Albert A. Carmichael, Individually, etc., et al., appellants,
v. Southern Coal & Coke Company; and
No. 797. Albert A. Carmichael, Individually, etc., et al., appellants,
v. Gulf States Paper Corporation. The motion to postpone the
hearing of these cases is denied. The motions for modification of the
injunctions are granted. The orders to be settled on notice.
No. 773. Silas Mason Company, Inc., et al., appellants, v. Tax
Commissioners of the State of Washington et al.;
No. 774. David H. Ryan, appellant, v. The State of Washington
et al.;
No. 781. C. R. Townsend et al., appellants, v. M. J. Yoemans,
Attorney General of the State of Georgia, et al. In these cases prob-
able jurisdiction is noted.
No. 777. Nolen R. Breedlove, appellant, v. T. Earl Suttles, as Tax
Collector. Further consideration of the question of the jurisdic-
tion of this Court in this case is postponed to the hearing of the
case on the merits.
No. 804. Railroad Commission of the State of California et al.,
appellants, v. Pacific Gas and Electric Company. In this case prob-
able jurisdiction is noted. Further consideration of the motion to
affirm is postponed to the hearing of the case on the merits.
No. 743. A. A. Lewis and Company et al., petitioners, v. Commis-
missioner of Internal Revenue. Petition for writ of certiorari to
the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Seventh Circuit
granted.
No. 753. Aetna Insurance Company, petitioner, v. John M. Ken-
nedy, 3d, to the use of Anna L. Bogash;
No. 754. Springfield Fire & Marine Insurance Company, petitioner,
v. John M. Kennedy, 3d, to the use of Anna L. Bogash; and
No. 755. The Liverpool and London and Globe Insurance Com-
pany, Limited, petitioner, v. John M. Kennedy, 3d, to the use of
Anna L. Bogash. Petition for writs of certiorari to the United
States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Third Circuit granted.
1
#
目
14
.
"

i
1
MONDAY, MARCH 29, 1937
184
No. 765. The Mantle Lamp Company of America, petitioner, v.
Aluminum Products Company. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Seventh Circuit
granted.
No. 837. Chas. C. Steward Machine Company, a corporation, peti-
tioner, v. Harwell G. Davis, Individually and as Collector, etc. Peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of
Appeals for the Fifth Circuit granted and the case is assigned for
hearing immediately following Nos. 724 and 797.
No. 720. Burdine C. Anderson et al., petitioners, v. The United
States. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Claims denied.
No. 726. North German Lloyd, petitioner, v. Philip Elting, Col-
lector of Customs, Port of New York. Petition for writ of certiorari
to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit
denied.
No. 732. Compagnie Generale Transatlantique, petitioner, v. The
United States of America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit
denied.
No. 736. First National Bank of Fort Worth, petitioner, v. Vir-
ginia Oil & Refining Company et al. Petition for writ of certiorari
to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit
denied.
No. 738. The St. Paul Fire and Marine Insurance Company, peti-
tioner, v. New Orleans Coal and Bisso Towboat Company, etc., et al.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of
Appeals for the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 739. Louisiana National Bank of Baton Rouge, Assignee, etc.,
petitioner, v. New Orleans Coal and Bisso Towboat Company, etc.,
et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit
Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 740. Nathan Biegler, petitioner, v. The United States of
America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit
Court of Appeals for the Seventh Circuit denied.
No. 748. C. D. Parker & Co., Inc., petitioner, v. Harry N. Guter-
man et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit
Court of Appeals for the First Circuit denied.
No. 749. The Ajax Pipe Line Company, petitioner, v. Jesse E.
Smith, Collector of Revenue, etc., et al. Petition for writ of
certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the
Eighth Circuit denied.
No. 789. Erie Railroad Company, petitioner, v. Horace Mizell, as
Receiver, etc. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Circuit Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit denied.

MONDAY, MARCH 29, 1937
185
No. 694. E. Pennington Pearson, as Sole Surviving Administrator,
etc., petitioner, v. The United States. Petition for writ of certiorari
to the Court of Claims denied.
No. 699. Albert R. Klein, petitioner, v. The United States. Peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the Court of Claims denied.
No. 717. Central Hanover Bank & Trust Company, Trustee, etc.,
petitioner, v. The United States. Petition for writ of certiorari to
the Court of Claims denied.
No. 745. Freeman Hatfield, petitioner, v. John M. Guay, United
States Marshal, et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United
States Circuit Court of Appeals for the First Circuit denied.
No. 751. The Continental Petroleum Company, petitioner, v. The
United States of America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Tenth Circuit
denied.
No. 756. Hartford Accident and Indemnity Company, petitioner,
v. Ernest L. Baugh. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United
States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 759. Food Machinery Corporation, petitioner, v. Frank R.
Schell et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Circuit Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 766. Evelyn Picker and Myrtle Picker, petitioners, v. Irving
Trust Company, as Trustees, etc. Petition for writ of certiorari
to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit
denied.
No. 767. The Waco Development Company, petitioner, v. D. Gor-
don Rupe, Jr., et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United
States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 768. William S. Welch, as Trustee, etc., petitioner, v. John D.
Larkin et al., Individually, etc. Petition for writ of certiorari to
the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Seventh Circuit
denied.
No. 785. Missouri-Kansas-Texas Railroad Company, petitioner, v.
James L. Rowe. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court
of the State of Missouri denied.
No. 793. New York Life Insurance Company, petitioner, v. Agnes
Kassly. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit
Court of Appeals for the Seventh Circuit denied.
No. 817. E. Edelmann & Company, petitioner, v. Triple-A Spe-
cialty Co. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit
Court of Appeals for the Seventh Circuit denied.
༈
1
1
1
1
1

MONDAY, MARCH 29, 1937
186
No. 802. Beeland Wholesale Company et al., petitioners, v. Har-
well G. Davis, Individually, etc. The motion for injunction is
denied. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit
Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 838. Alpha Portland Cement Company, petitioner, v. Harwell
G. Davis, Individually, etc. The motion for injunction is denied.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of
Appeals for the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 406. Wilhelmina Sumi, petitioner, v. Alsie M. Young;
No. 446. Aetna Life Insurance Company of Hartford, Connecti-
cut, petitioner, v. Edwin P. Haworth et al.;
No. 622. New York Life Insurance Company et al., appellants, v.
James A. Alexander, Executor, etc.; and
No. 689. The Reeves Manufacturing Company, petitioners, v. The
Lome Company et al. Petitions for rehearing denied.
No. - original. Ex parte: Albert E. Peirce, petitioner. Motion
for leave to file petition for writ of certiorari submitted by Mr. E.
Ennalls Berl for the petitioner.
No. 381. Walter A. Kennedy, petitioner, v. Boston-Continental
National Bank et al.; and
No. 382. Wendell Phillips Company, petitioner, v. Boston-Con-
tinental National Bank et al. On writs of certiorari to the United
States Circuit Court of Appeals for the First Circuit. Dismissed
on motion of counsel for the petitioners.
No. 690. Michael J. Dugan and Denis M. Creeden, co-partners,
etc., et al., appellants, v. H. Styles Bridges, Governor of the State of
New Hampshire et al. Appeal from the District Court of the
United States for the District of New Hampshire. Dismissed on
motion of counsel for the appellants.
No. 627. Bernard Joseph Mumm, petitioner, v. Jacob E. Decker &
Sons. Argued by Mr. Ralph F. Merchant for the petitioner and by
Mr. Maurice M. Moore for the respondent.
No. 638. Hiram Steelman, Trustee, etc., petitioner, v. All Conti-
nent Corporation. Argument commenced by Mr. William D. Whit-
ney for the petitioner.
Adjourned until tomorrow at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Tuesday, March 30, will be as follows: Nos. 638,
604, 652, 647, 658, 659, 687, 667, 688, and 731.
☑

TUESDAY, MARCH 30, 1937
187
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: The Chief Justice, Mr. Justice Van Devanter, Mr. Justice
McReynolds, Mr. Justice Brandeis, Mr. Justice Sutherland, Mr.
Justice Butler, Mr. Justice Stone, Mr. Justice Roberts, and Mr.
Justice Cardozo.
Joseph H. Colman, of Minneapolis, Minn.; Richard L. Bird, Jr.,
of Salt Lake City, Utah; David Lasker, of Boston, Mass.; Jacob
Spiegel, of Boston, Mass.; Seth Q. Pulver, of Owosso, Mich.; and
Michael J. Sporrer, of Wilmette, Ill., were admitted to practice.
No. 724. Albert A. Carmichael, Individually and as Attorney Gen-
eral of the State of Alabama, et al., appellants, v. Southern Coal &
Coke Company; and
No. 797. Albert A. Carmichael, Individually and as Attorney Gen-
eral of the State of Alabama, et al., appellants, v. Gulf States Paper
Corporation. Orders are entered modifying the injunctions in these
cases.
No. 638. Hiram Steelman, Trustee, etc., petitioner, v. All Con-
tinent Corporation. Argument continued by Mr. Wm. D. Whitney
for the petitioner; by Mr. Murry C. Becker for the respondent; and
concluded by Mr. Wm. D. Whitney for the petitioner.
No. 604. Reginald P. Ray, petitioner, v. The United States of
America. Argued by Mr. Reynolds Robertson for the petitioner,
and by Mr. Gordon Dean for the respondent.
No. 652. The Great Atlantic & Pacific Tea Company et al., appel-
lants, v. Alice Lee Grosjean, Supervisor of Public Accounts, State of
Louisiana et al. Argument commenced by Mr. Monte M. Lemann
for the appellants.
Adjourned until tomorrow at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Wednesday, March 31, will be as follows: Nos.
652, 647, 658, 659, 687, 667, 688, 731, 734, and 724.
97624-37-75
$1
"
M
계
☑

WEDNESDAY, MARCH 31, 1937
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
188
Present: The Chief Justice, Mr. Justice Van Devanter, Mr. Justice
McReynolds, Mr. Justice Brandeis, Mr. Justice Sutherland, Mr.
Justice Butler, Mr. Justice Stone, Mr. Justice Roberts, and Mr.
Justice Cardozo.
Isidore E. Goldberg, of Milwaukee, Wis.; Elbert P. Tuttle, of
Atlanta, Ga.; Dean Driscoll, of Boise, Idaho; William Womack
Heach, of Austin, Tex.; William Browne Hale, of Chicago, Ill.;
John G. Heyburn, of Louisville, Ky.; Harold Major, of Anderson,
S. C.; Duke M. Patrick, of Washington, D. C.; and Charles Sawyer,
of Cincinnati, Ohio, were admitted to practice.
No. 655. Ben Reuben, petitioner, v. The United States of America.
Time within which to file rehearing extended to and including April
9 next on motion of Mr. Irwin Geiger for the petitioner.
No. 652. The Great Atlantic & Pacific Tea Company et al., appel-
lants, v. Alice Lee Grosjean, Supervisor of Public Accounts, State
of Louisiana, et al. Argument continued by Mr. Robert L. Wright
for the appellants and concluded by Mr. E. Leland Richardson for
the appellees.
No. 647. First Bank Stock Corporation, appellant, v. State of Min-
nesota. Argued by Mr. Joseph H. Colman for the appellant and
by Mr. William S. Ervin and Mr. Frank J. Williams for the
appellee.
No. 658. Pau. Senn, appellant, v. Tile Layers Protective Union,
Local No. 5, et al. Three hours allowed for oral argument. Argu-
ment commenced by Mr. Leon B. Lamfrom for the appellant.
Adjourned until tomorrow at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Thursday, April 1, will be as follows: Nos. 658,
659 (and 687), 667, 688, 731, 734, 724, 797, 837, and 621.
97624-37-76
☑
1
12

THURSDAY, APRIL 1, 1937
189
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: The Chief Justice, Mr. Justice Van Devanter, Mr. Jus-
tice McReynolds, Mr. Justice Brandeis, Mr. Justice Sutherland, Mr.
Justice Butler, Mr. Justice Stone, Mr. Justice Roberts, and Mr. Jus-
tice Cardozo.
Roy Neal McMillan, of Atlanta, Ga.; John A. Chambliss, Jr., of
Chattanooga, Tenn.; George H. P. Lacey, of Cleveland, Ohio; Wil-
liam P. Arnold, of Washington, D. C.; E. Edward Burroughs, Jr.,
of Washington, D. C.; C. S. Bentley Pike, of Chicago, Ill.; Max
Rittenberg, of Chicago, Ill.; Bennett E. Siegelstein, of New York
City; and James J. Broz, of Fresno, Calif., were admitted to
practice.
No. 12, original. The State of Texas, complainant, v. The State of
New Mexico et al. Ad interim Report of the Special Master herein
submitted by Mr. Charles Warren.
No. 668. Leonard Rollnick, petitioner, v. The United States of
America. Time within which to file petition for rehearing extended
to and including April 9 next on motion of Mr. Challon B. Ellis
on behalf of counsel for the petitioner.
No. 658. Paul Senn, appellant, v. Tile Layers Protective Union,
Local No. 5, et al. Argument continued by Mr. Leon B. Lamfrom
for the appellant and concluded by Mr. Joseph A. Padway for the
appellees.
No. 659. The Cincinnati Soap Company, petitioner, v. The United
States of America; and
No. 687. Haskins Bros. & Co., petitioner, v. George W. O'Malley,
Individually and as Collector etc. Argument commenced by Mr.
Alfred Bettman for the petitioner in No. 659, and continued by Mr.
Frederick H. Wood for the petitioner in No. 687.
Adjourned until tomorrow at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Friday, April 2, will be as follows: Nos. 659
(and 687), 667, 688, 731, 734, 724, 797, 837, 621, and 713.
97624-37-77
C
:le
1
'
☑

FRIDAY, APRIL 2, 1937
190
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: The Chief Justice, Mr. Justice Van Devanter, Mr. Jus-
tice McReynolds, Mr. Justice Brandeis, Mr. Justice Sutherland, Mr.
Justice Butler, Mr. Justice Stone, Mr. Justice Roberts, and Mr.
Justice Cardozo.
Thayer Burgess, of Utica, N. Y.; Thomas Lanier Sawyer, of Nor-
folk, Va.; George H. Kenny, of Utica, N. Y.; Matilda Fenberg, of
Chicago, Ill.; Robert H. Jamison, of Cleveland, Ohio; James F.
Hart, of New York City; Seth E. Tracy, of Berkeley, Calif.; and
Francis A. LeSourd, of Seattle, Wash., were admitted to practice.
No. 659. The Cincinnati Soap Company, petitioner, v. The United
States of America; and
No. 687. Haskins Bros. & Co., petitioner, v. George W. O'Malley,
Individually and as Collector, etc. Argument concluded by Mr.
Assistant Attorney General Jackson for the respondents.
No. 667. Anniston Manufacturing Company, petitioner, v. Har-
well G. Davis, Collector of Internal Revenue. Three hours allowed
for oral argument. Argument commenced by Mr. Joseph B. Bren-
nan for the petitioner; continued by Mr. Solicitor General Reed and
Mr. Assistant Attorney General Morris for the respondent; and con-
cluded by Mr. William A. Sutherland for the petitioner.
Adjourned until tomorrow at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Monday, April 5, will be as follows: Nos. 688,
731, 35 (and 36), 539, 724, 797, 837, 734, 621, and 713.
97624-37-78
Х
if
line

MONDAY, APRIL 5, 1937
191
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: The Chief Justice, Mr. Justice Van Devanter, Mr. Jus-
tice McReynolds, Mr. Justice Brandeis, Mr. Justice Sutherland, Mr.
Justice Butler, Mr. Justice Stone, Mr. Justice Roberts, and Mr. Jus-
tice Cardozo.
Everett Lafayette Looney, of Austin, Tex.; Victor W. Bouldin, of
Mineral Wells, Tex.; Thos. H. Abell, of Wharton, Tex.; Matthew
J. Horan, of New York City; Edward C. Park, of Boston, Mass.;
J. G. Knight, of Westminster, Md.; Thomas V. Koykka, of Cleve-
land, Ohio; Melvin L. Griffith, of Chicago, Ill.; Richard Watkins
Gordon, of Columbus, Ohio; Lewis L. Stedman, of Seattle, Wash.;
and George Badgley Marshall, of Columbus, Ohio, were admitted to
practice.
No. 103. District of Columbia, petitioner, v. Ethel Clawans. On
writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the Dis-
trict of Columbia. Judgment of the Court of Appeals affirmed and
judgment of the Police Court of the District of Columbia reversed,
and cause remanded to said Police Court with instructions for a new
trial without a jury. Each party to pay one-half the costs. Opinion
by Mr. Justice Stone. Separate opinion by Mr. Justice McReynolds
and Mr. Justice Butler.
The Chief Justice said:
"The orders of the Court appear upon the list certified by the Chief
Justice and filed with the Clerk and will not be announced orally."
No., original. Ex parte: Albert E. Peirce. petitioner. The
motion for leave to file petition for writ of certiorari is denied.
No., original. Ex parte: William Paul Owens, petitioner. The
motion for leave to file petition for writ of habeas corpus is denied.
No. 12, original. State of Texas, complainant, v. State of New
Mexico et al. The Special Master having submitted an ad interim
report under date of March 26, 1937, and it appearing therefrom
that a stipulation has been entered into by the Attorney General and
Assistant Attorney General of the State of Texas, the Assistant At-
orney General of the State of New Mexico, and counsel for the
Middle Rio Grande Conservancy District, that stipulation being as
follows:
97624-37--79
•
F

MONDAY, APRIL 5, 1937
192
"Subject to the approval of the Supreme Court of the United
States or of the Special Master, New Mexico, the Middle Rio Grande
Conservancy District and the State of Texas, in conformity with
S. B. 234 of the Legislature of the State of New Mexico, stipulate
that any further proceedings in Original Cause No. 12. October
Term 1936, be held in abeyance until the first day of October 1937,
without prejudice to the rights of any party.”;
and the Special Master having recommended the approval of the
stipulation: It is ordered (1) that the above stipulation, filed with the
report of the Special Master, be, and the same is hereby, approved,
and the Attorneys for the State of Texas are directed to transmit a
copy of this order to the Governor of the State of New Mexico; (2)
that Charles Warren, the Special Master herein, be, and he is hereby,
authorized to postpone hearings in this cause, at his discretion, until
such date after October 1, 1937, and prior to January 15, 1938, as he
shall determine.
No. —. Georgia Power Company, petitioner, v. Tennessee Valley
Authority. The motion for a stay herein is denied.
No. 807. United Gas Public Service Company, appellant, v. State
of Texas et al. In this case probable jurisdiction is noted.
No. 660. Elbert B. Lindsey and E. R. Lindsey, petitioners, v. State
of Washington. The petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme
Court of the State of Washington is granted, limited to the question
as to whether Chapter 114 of the Laws of Washington of 1935, as
here applied, is invalid as an ex post facto law within the meaning
of Art. I, Sec. 9. par. 3 of the Constitution. The case is assigned for
hearing on Monday, May 3, 1937.
10
No. 750. D. W. McEachern, administrator, etc., petitioner, v. J. T.
Rose, Former Collector of Internal Revenue, etc. Petition for writ
of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the
Fifth Circuit granted.
No. 803. A. M. Anderson, Receiver of the National Bank of Ken-
tucky of Louisville, petitioner, v. Peter L. Atherton, Administrator,
etc.. et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Cir-
cuit Court of Appeals for the Sixth Circuit granted.
No. 824. W. A. Thomas, Collector of Internal Revenue, petitioner,
v. J. J. Perkins et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United
States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit granted.
No. 806. F. A. D. Andrea, Inc., petitioner, v. Radio Corporation
of America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States.
Circuit Court of Appeals for the Third Circuit denied. Mr. Justice
Roberts took no part in the consideration or decision of this applica-
tion.

MONDAY, APRIL 5, 1937
193
No. 752. Marathon Electric Manufacturing Corporation, petit-
tioner, v. Nathaniel S. Clark, as Regional Director, et al. Petition
for writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals
for the Seventh Circuit denied.
No. 757. Producers Wool & Mohair Company et al., petitioners, v.
Charles Edmond Schauer. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 760. Carleton Simon et al., petitioners, v. C. O. Chambless, as
Trustee, etc. et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United
States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 762. Peter McDonnell, Domenic A. Truda, et al., petitioners,
v. Harry M. Durning, Collector of Customs, etc. Petition for writ
of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the
Second Circuit denied.
No. 763. Waterford Irrigation District, petitioner, v. George F.
Covell et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Cir-
cuit Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit denied.
No. 764. Bourjois, Inc., petitioner, v. George J. McGowan, Indi-
vidually and as Collector of Internal Revenue. Petition for writ of
certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the
Second Circuit denied.
No. 771. Standard Oil Company, petitioner, v. Frank D. Fitz-
gerald, Secretary of State of the State of Michigan, etc. Petition
for writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals
for the Sixth Circuit denied.
No. 778. Daniel H. Burnham, petitioner, v. Commisioner of In-
ternal Revenue. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Circuit Court of Appeals for the Seventh Circuit denied.
No. 780. Elijah W. Jamerson, petitioner, v. The Alliance Insurance
Company of Philadelphia, et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to
the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Seventh Circuit
denied.
No. 788. John E. Murphy, petitioner, v. Sun Oil Company. Peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of Ap-
peals for the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 796. The United States of America, ex rel. Maine Potato Grow-
ers & Shippers Association et al., petitioners, v. Interstate Commerce
Commission et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United
States Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia denied.
No. 257. Guy T. Helvering, Commisioner of Internal Revenue,
petitioner, v. The Midland Mutual Life Insurance Company; and
No. 692. J. L. Bunger, appellant, v. The Town of Green River,
Wyoming. Petitions for rehearing denied.
כן

MONDAY, APRIL 5, 1937
ORDER
194
The Court will take a recess from Monday, April 12, to Monday,
April 26, next.
No. 35. Samuel B. Smith, petitioner, v. A. B. Hall et al.; and
No. 36. Samuel B. Smith, petitioner, v. James Manufacturing
Company et al. S. Harold Smith, executor of the estate of Samuel
B. Smith substituted as the party petitioner on motion of Mr. Dean
S. Edmonds for the petitioner.
No. 747. C. H. Murphy et al., petitioners, v. Turman Oil Company
et al. On petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Civil
Appeals, 3d Supreme Judicial District, State of Texas. Dismissed
on motion of counsel for the petitioners.
No. 688. Max Shulman et al., petitioners, v. Wilson-Sheridan Hotel
Company et al. Argued by Mr. Meyer Abrams for the petitioners
and by Mr. C. S. Bentley Pike for the respondents.
No. 731. The National Fertilizer Association, Inc. et al., appel-
lants, v. W. W. Bradley, Individually etc., et al. Argument com-
menced by Mr. W. C. McLain for the appellants; continued by Mr.
J. Ivey Humphrey and Mr. William C. Wolfe for the appellees; and
concluded by Mr. Daniel S. Murph for the appellants.
No. 35. S. Harold Smith, Executor of the estate of Samuel B.
Smith, petitioner, v. A. B. Hall et al.; and
No. 36. S. Harold Smith, Executor of the estate of Samuel B.
Smith, petitioner, v. James Manufacturing Company et al. Three
hours allowed for oral argument. Reargument commenced by Mr.
Dean S. Edmonds for the petitioner.
Adjourned until tomorrow at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Tuesday, April 6, will be as follows: Nos. 35 (and
36), 539, 724, 797, 837, 734, 621, and 716.
Х
'
.
'
1
1th
i

TUESDAY, APRIL 6, 1937
195
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: The Chief Justice, Mr. Justice McReynolds, Mr. Justice
Brandeis, Mr. Justice Sutherland, Mr. Justice Butler, Mr. Justice
Stone, Mr. Justice Roberts, and Mr. Justice Cardozo.
Wilmer H. Driver, of Baltimore, Md.; Wilson King Barnes, of
Baltimore, Md.; George Veasey Parkhurst, of Baltimore, Md.; John
J. Reichman, of Chicago, Ill.; O. H. Dukes, of Valdosta, Ga.; Fred-
erick J. Lind, of New York City; Allan K. Perry, of Phoenix, Ariz.;
Myron Eldridge Wisch, of Chicago, Ill.; Arthur Edward Brown, of
St. Joseph, Mich.; Cornelius Wiarda, of Grand Rapids, Mich.; Paul
Speer, of New York City; S. Lawrence Wheeler, of Milwaukee, Wis.;
Frederick J. White, of Somerville, Mass.; Jo C. Williamson, of
Urbana, Ill.; Wm. T. Arnos, of Cleveland, Ohio; Charles L. Rowe,
of Montgomery, Ala.; Wayne A. Gleeten, of Erie, Pa.; John Jerome
Manning, of New York City; John F. O'Connell, of Milford, Mass.;
F. Harold Dubord, of Waterville, Me.; Peyton D. Bibb, of Birming-
ham, Ala.; Cloyd L. Stewart, of Clay Center, Nebr.; Chester T. Lane,
of Alexandria, Va.; Earl C. Laningham, of Pennington Gap, Va.;
and Mamie Jackson, of Arlington, Va., were admitted to practice.
No. 567. George P. Davis, petitioner, v. Boston and Maine Rail-
road et al. Motion for leave to file petition for rehearing submitted
by Mr. Edward F. McClennen for the petitioner and the motion
denied.
No. 837. Chas. C. Steward Machine Company, petitioner, v. Har-
well G. Davis, Individually and as Collector of Internal Revenue.
Motion for leave to appear and present oral argument on behalf of
Edward F. McClennen and Jacob J. Kaplan as amici curiae, sub-
mitted by Mr. Edward F. McClennen and the motion denied.
No. 35. S. Harold Smith, Executor of the Estate of Samuel B.
Smith, petitioner, v. A. B. Hall et al.; and
No. 36. S. Harold Smith, Executor of the Estate of Samuel B.
Smith, petitioner, v. James Manufacturing Company et al. Reargu-
ment continued by Mr. Thomas G. Haight for the respondents in No.
97621-37-80

TUESDAY, APRIL 6, 1937
196
35; by Mr. H. A. Toulmin, Jr., for the respondent in No. 36; and
concluded by Mr. Albert L. Ely for the petitioner.
No. 539. The Ohio Bell Telephone Company, appellant, v. The
Public Utilities Commission of Ohio. Four hours allowed for oral
argument. Argument commenced by Mr. W. H. Thompson and con-
tinued by Mr. Karl E. Burr for the appellants.
Adjourned until tomorrow at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Wednesday, April 7, will be as follows: Nos. 539,
724 (and 797), 837, 734, 621, and 716.

WEDNESDAY, APRIL 7, 1937
197
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: The Chief Justice, Mr. Justice McReynolds, Mr. Justice
Brandeis, Mr. Justice Sutherland, Mr. Justice Butler, Mr. Justice
Stone, Mr. Justice Roberts, and Mr. Justice Cardozo.
J. J. Breland, of Sumner, Miss.; Edwin Levisohn, of New York
City; Isidor Niner, of New York City; Samuel J. Zucker, of New-
ark, N. J.; and Herbert B. Shapiro, of Newark, N. J., were admitted
to practice.
No. 539. The Ohio Bell Telephone Company, appellant, v. The
Public Utilities Commission of Ohio. Argument continued by Mr.
Donald C. Power for the appellees and concluded by Mr. W. W.
Metcalf for the appellees.
No. 724. Albert A. Carmichael, Individually and as Attorney Gen-
eral of the State of Alabama et al., appellants, v. Southern Coal
& Coke Company; and
No. 797. Albert A. Carmichael, Individually and as Attorney Gen-
eral of the State of Alabama et al., appellants, v. Gulf States Paper
Corporation. Five and one quarter hours allowed for oral argument.
Leave granted appellee in No. 724 to file an additional brief within
five days. Argument commenced by Mr. Albert A. Carmichael for
the appellants; and continued by Mr. Borden Burr for the appellee
in No. 724 and by Mr. Forney Johnston for the appellee in No. 797.
Adjourned until tomorrow at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Thursday, April 8, will be as follows: Nos. 724
(and 797), 837, 734, 621, and 716.
12
I
1
97624-37-81
Х
1
"
+

THURSDAY, APRIL 8, 1937
198
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: The Chief Justice, Mr. Justice McReynolds, Mr. Justice
Brandeis, Mr. Justice Sutherland, Mr. Justice Butler, Mr. Justice
Stone, Mr. Justice Roberts, and Mr. Justice Cardozo.
John von Blum, of Oberlin, Ohio; James H. Christensen, of
Chicago, Ill.; and Webb Rufus Clark, of Dayton, Ohio, were
admitted to practice.
No. 660. Elbert B. Lindsey and E. R. Lindsey, petitioners, v. The
State of Washington. It is ordered by this Court that Spencer
Gordon, Esquire, of Washington, D. C., a member of the Bar of
this Court be appointed to serve as counsel for the petitioners in this
case.
No. 724. Albert A. Carmichael, Individually and as Attorney
General of the State of Alabama, et al., appellants, v. Southern Coal
& Coke Company; and
No. 797. Albert A. Carmichael, Individually and as Attorney
General of the State of Alabama, et al., appellants, v. Gulf States
Paper Corporation. Argument continued by Mr. Forney Johnston
for the appellee in No. 797; and concluded by Mr. Peyton D. Bibb
for the appellants.
No. 837. Chas. C. Steward Machine Company, petitioner, v. Har-
well G. Davis, Individually and as Collector of Internal Revenue.
Five hours allowed for oral argument. Argument commenced by
Mr. William Logan Martin for the petitioner, and continued by
Mr. Charles E. Wyzanski for the respondent.
Adjourned until tomorrow at 12 oclock.
The day call for Friday, April 9, will be as follows: Nos. 837
and 734.
97624-37-82
☑

FRIDAY, APRIL 9, 1937
199
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: The Chief Justice, Mr. Justice McReynolds, Mr. Justice
1 Brandeis, Mr. Justice Sutherland, Mr. Justice Butler, Mr. Justice
Stone, Mr. Justice Roberts, and Mr. Justice Cardozo.
Rossie Rogers, of Birmingham, Ala.; Raymond D. Wier, of San
Antonio, Tex.; Webster S. Achey, of Doylestown, Pa.; Robert D.
Abbott, of St. Louis, Mo.; J. P. Cox, Jr., of Sherman, Tex.; and
William J. Corrigan, of Cleveland, Ohio, were admitted to practice.
No. 837. Chas. C. Steward Machine Company, petitioner, v. Har-
well G. Davis, Individually and as Collector of Internal Revenue.
Argument continued by Mr. Charles E. Wyzanski, Jr., and by Mr.
Assistant Attorney General Jackson for the respondent; and con-
cluded by Mr. Niel P. Sterne for the petitioner. Leave granted
petitioner to file an additional brief within five days.
No. 734. The United States of America et al., appellants, v. Ameri-
can Sheet & Tin Plate Company et al. Argument commenced by
Mr. Daniel W. Knowlton for the appellants.
Adjourned until Monday next at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Monday, April 12, will be as follows: No. 734.
97624-37-83
'
4.
物
16
1

MONDAY, APRIL 12, 1937
200
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: The Chief Justice, Mr. Justice Van Devanter, Mr. Jus-
tice McReynolds, Mr. Justice Brandeis, Mr. Justice Sutherland, Mr.
Justice Butler, Mr. Justice Stone. Mr. Justice Roberts, and Mr. Jus-
tice Cardozo.
George Ajootian, of Providence, R. I.; Albin B. Voegele. of New
York City; Frank M. Nolan, of New York City; Constantine G.
Economus, of Youngstown, Ohio; James V. Leak, of Longview,
Tex.; S. P. Sadler, of Dallas, Tex.: William Burrow, of Dallas,
Tex.; Garland Armstrong. of Dallas, Tex.; Henry A. Yeager, of
Dallas, Tex.; Clair E. Hamilton, of Winterset, Iowa; Melvin Belli.
of San Francisco, Calif.; A. W. Norcop, of El Paso, Tex.; and
R. A. McOuat, of Grand Rapids, Minn., were admitted to practice.
No. 365. The Associated Press, petitioner, v. National Labor Rela-
tions Board. On writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit
Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit. Judgment affirmed and
cause remanded to the said Circuit Court of Appeals. Opinion by
Mr. Justice Roberts. Dissenting opinion by Mr. Justice Sutherland
in which Mr. Justice Van Devanter, Mr. Justice McReynolds, and
Mr. Justice Butler join.
No. 469. Washington, Virginia, and Maryland Coach Company,
petitioner, v. National Labor Relations Board. On writ of cer-
tiorari to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Fourth
Circuit. Judgment affirmed and cause remanded to the said Circuit
Court of Appeals. Opinion by Mr. Justice Roberts.
No. 419. National Labor Relations Board, petitioner, v. Jones &
Laughlin Steel Corporation. On writ of certiorari to the United
States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit. Judgment
reversed and cause remanded to the said Circuit Court of Appeals
for further proceedings in conformity with the opinion of this
Court. Opinion by Mr. Chief Justice Hughes. Dissenting opinion
by Mr. Justice McReynolds in which Mr. Justice Van Devanter, Mr.
Justice Sutherland, and Mr. Justice Butler join.
No. 420. National Labor Relations Board, petitioner, v. Fruehauf
Trailer Company; and
97624-37-84

MONDAY, APRIL 12, 1937
201
No. 421. National Labor Relations Board, petitioner, v. Fruehauf
Trailer Company. On writs of certiorari to the United States Cir-
cuit Court of Appeals for the Sixth Circuit. Decrees reversed and
cases remanded to the said Circuit Court of Appeals for further
proceedings in conformity with the opinion of this Court. Opinion
by Mr. Chief Justice Hughes. Dissenting opinion by Mr. Justice
McReynolds in which Mr. Justice Van Devanter, Mr. Justice Suther-
land, and Mr. Justice Butler join.
No. 422. National Labor Relations Board, petitioner, v. Fried-
man-Harry Marks Clothing Company, Inc.; and
No. 423. National Labor Relations Board, petitioner, v. Friedman-
Harry Marks Clothing Company, Inc. On writs of certiorari to
the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit.
Judgments reversed and cases remanded to the said Circuit Court of
Appeals for further proceedings in conformity with the opinion of
this Court. Opinion by Mr. Chief Justice Hughes. Dissenting opin-
ion by Mr. Justice McReynolds in which Mr. Justice Van Devanter,
Mr. Justice Sutherland, and Mr. Justice Butler join.
The Chief Justice said:
"The orders of the Court appear upon the list certified by the Chief
Justice and filed with the Clerk and will not be announced orally."
No. 832. Henry O. Hale et al., appellants, v. The Iowa State Board
of Assessment and Review. In this case probable jurisdiction is
noted.
Mr. 849. The State of Ohio, ex rel. Carl Green, petitioner, v.
Charles E. King, Clerk of the Court of Common Pleas, Franklin
County, Ohio, et al. On petition for writ of certiorari to the
Supreme Court of the State of Ohio. The motion for leave to
proceed further herein in forma pauperis is denied for the reason
that the Court, upon examination of the papers herein submitted
finds no ground which a writ of certiorari should be granted. The
petition for writ of certiorari is therefore also denied.
No. 787. Ocean Beach Heights, Inc., et al., petitioners, v. The
Brown-Crummer Investment Company et al. Petition for writ of
certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the
Fifth Circuit granted.
No. 735. George A. Brett et al., petitioners, v. The United States
of America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Circuit Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit denied.
No. 775. People of the State of New York, ex rel. Hudson River
Connecting Railroad Corporation, petitioner, v. State Tax Commis-
sion; and
No. 776. People of the State of New York, ex rel. Hudson River
Connecting Railroad Corporation, petitioner, v. State Tax Commis-
sion. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of the
State of New York denied.

MONDAY, APRIL 12, 1937
202
No. 779. San Antonio Utilities League et al., petitioners, v. South-
western Bell Telephone Company et al. Petition for writ of cer-
tiorari to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Fifth
Circuit denied.
No. 786. Moran Brothers Contracting Co., Inc., et al., petitioners,
v. Angela Diomede, Widow of Nicholas Diomede et al. Petition
for writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals
for the Second Circuit denied.
No. 790. Richard M. Isenberg, petitioner, v. Homer S. Cummings,
Attorney General of the United States et al. Petition for writ of
certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the District of
Columbia denied.
No. 791. Sam Wilner, in his own right and as Administrator of
the Estate of Meyer Wilner, deceased, petitioner, v. The United States
of America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Circuit Court of Appeals for the Seventh Circuit denied.
No. 792. Anna K. McQuilkin, petitioner, v. The United States of
America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Cir-
cuit Court of Appeals for the Seventh Circuit denied.
No. 794. Percy H. Johnston, petitioner, v. Commissioner of In-
ternal Revenue. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Circuit Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit denied.
No. 798. Thomas D. Fitzpatrick, petitioner, v. The United States
of America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Circuit Court of Appeals for the Seventh Circuit denied.
No. 805. National Electric Products Corporation, petitioner, v.
Circle Flexible Conduit Co., Inc., et al. Petition for writ of cer-
tiorari to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Second
Circuit denied.
No. 808. P. S. Gardner, petitioner, v. Guy T. Helvering, Commis-
sioner of Internal Revenue. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
United States Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia denied.
No. 809. Millicent Lund, Mariam Green, et al., etc., petitioners, v.
Colwood Company. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United
States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Sixth Circuit denied.
No. 810. Vincent J. McMann, petitioner, v. David F. Engle et al.,
etc. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit
Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit denied.
No. 811. Louis J. Krensky, Receiver, etc., petitioner, v. Richard
W. Wolfe, Temporary Trustee, etc.; and
No. 812. Louis J. Krensky, Receiver, etc., petitioner, v. Richard
W. Wolfe, Temporary Trustee, etc. Petition for writs of certiorari
to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Seventh Circuit
denied.

MONDAY, APRIL 12, 1937
203
No. 813. Louis J. Krensky, Receiver, etc., petitioner, v. Richard
W. Wolfe, Temporary Trustee, etc.; and
No. 814. Louis J. Krensky, Receiver, etc., petitioner, v. Richard
W. Wolfe, Temporary Trustee, etc. Petition for writs of certiorari
to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Seventh Circuit
denied.
No. 819. Anahma Realty Corporation, petitioner, v. Park-Lexing-
ton Corporation. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Circuit Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit denied.
No. 823. Charles E. Mallers, Executor of the Estate of John B.
Mallers, Jr., deceased, petitioner, v. The Equitable Life Assurance
Society of the United States et al. etc. Petition for writ of certiorari
to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Seventh Circuit
denied.
No. 655. Ben Reuben, petitioner, v. The United States of America;
No. 668. Leonard Rollnick, petitioner, v. The United States of
America;
No. 758. Lina Singer, appellant, v. The People of the State of
Illinois, ex rel. John S. Rusch, relator; and
No. 770. Leila Zimmern et al., petitioners, v. The United States of
☐ America. Petitions for rehearing denied.
No. 867. Robert W. Halliday et al., petitioners, v. State of Ohio,
ex rel. I. J. Fulton, Superintendent of Banks, etc.;
No. 868. Robert W. Halliday et al., petitioners, 2. State of Ohio,
ex rel. I. J. Fulton, Superintendent of Banks, etc.; and
No. 869. Robert W. Halliday et al., petitioners, 2. State of Ohio,
ex rel. I. J. Fulton, Superintendent of Banks, etc. Motion as to
printing records submitted by Mr. Wm. T. Arnos for the petitioners.
No. 734. The United States of America and Interstate Commerce
☐ Commission, appellants, v. American Sheet & Tin Plate Company
et al. Argument continued by Mr. Daniel W. Knowlton for the
appellants; by Mr. David A. Reed for the appellee, American Sheet
and Tin Plate Company; and concluded by Mr. John S. Burchmore
for the appellees, Allegheny Steel Company et al.
Adjourned until Monday, April 26, at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Monday, April 26, will be as follows: Nos. 625,
773, 774, 621, 713, 716, 285, 202 October Term 1935, 703, and
721 (and 722).
☑

MONDAY, APRIL 26, 1937
204
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: The Chief Justice, Mr. Justice Van Devanter, Mr. Jus-
tice McReynolds, Mr. Justice Brandeis, Mr. Justice Butler, Mr. Jus-
tice Stone, Mr. Justice Roberts, and Mr. Justice Cardozo.
Effie Knowles, of Miami, Fla.; Edward J. Harrigan, of Portland,
Me.; Edgar W. McNeil, of Montezuma, Iowa; Ivan C. Sperbeck, of
Marysville, Calif.; Harry Maslow, of Brooklyn, N. Y.; Clark B.
Montgomery, of Peoria, Ill.; Thomas H. Eliot, of Cambridge, Mass.;
Howard P. Arnest, of Portland, Oreg.; E. D. Weller, of Spokane,
Wash.; Charles Lyman Stewart, of Norwich, Conn.; E. W. Schwel-
lenbach, of Ephrata, Wash.; Morris Rosenberg, of New York City;
Clarence V. Beck, of Emporia, Kans.; Edward Herbert Rees, of
Emporia, Kans.; Jesse D. Wall, of Wichita, Kans.; Thomas F. Wells,
of Overland Park, Kans.; William Britton Stitt, of New York City;
Herbert W. Haldenstein, of New York City; and Archibald H.
Tunick, of Greenwich, Conn., were admitted to practice.
No. 638. Hiram Steelman, Trustee in Bankruptcy of William Fox,
a Bankrupt, petitioner, v. All Continent Corporation. On writ of
certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Third
Circuit. Decree of the Circuit Court of appeals reversed with costs
and the decree of the District Court affirmed and the cause remanded
to the District Court of the United States for the District of New
Jersey. Opinion by Mr. Justice Cardozo.
No. 539. The Ohio Bell Telephone Company, appellant, v. The
Public Service Commission of Ohio. Appeal from the Supreme
Court of the State of Ohio. Judgment reversed with costs and the
cause remanded to the said Supreme Court for further proceedings
not inconsistent with the opinion of this Court. Opinion by Mr.
Justice Cardozo.
No. 474. Angelo Herndon, appellant, v. J. I. Lowry, Sheriff of
Fulton County, Georgia; and
No. 475. Angelo Herndon, appellant, v. J. I. Lowry, Sheriff of
Fulton County, Georgia. Appeals from the Supreme Court of the
State of Georgia. Judgments reversed with costs and cases re-
manded to the said Supreme Court for further proceedings not
97624-37-85

MONDAY, APRIL 26, 1937
205
inconsistent with the opinion of this Court. Opinion by Mr. Justice
Roberts. Dissenting opinion by Mr. Justice Van Devanter in which
Mr. Justice McReynolds, Mr. Justice Sutherland, and Mr. Justice
Butler join.
No. 35. S. Harold Smith, Executor, etc., petitioner, v. A. B. Hall
et al.; and
No. 36. S. Harold Smith, Executor, etc., petitioner, v. James
Manufacturing Company et al. On writs of certiorari to the United
States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit. Decrees
affirmed with costs and cases remanded to the District Courts of
the United States for the District of Connecticut and the Western
District of New York, respectively. Opinion by Mr. Justice Stone.
Mr. Justice Van Devanter took no part in the consideration or
decision of these cases.
No. 647. First Bank Stock Corporation, appellant, v. State of
Minnesota. Appeal from the Supreme Court of the State of
Minnesota. Judgment affirmed with costs. Opinion by Mr. Justice
Stone. Mr. Justice Butler took no part in the consideration or
decision of this case.
No. 531. John Boseman, petitioner, v. Connecticut General Life
Insurance Company. On writ of certiorari to the United States
Circuit Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit. Judgment affirmed
with costs and cause remanded to the District Court of the United
States for the Eastern District of Texas. Opinion by Mr. Justice
Butler.
No. 588. Henry E. Oppenheimer, petitioner, v. The Harriman
National Bank and Trust Company of the City of New York et al.;
and
No. 670. The Harriman National Bank and Trust Company of the
City of New York, petitioner, v. Henry E. Oppenheimer. On writs
of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the
Second Circuit. Judgment reversed with costs and cases remanded
to the District Court of the United States for the Southern District
of New York for further proceedings in conformity with the opinion
of this Court. Opinion by Mr. Justice Butler.
No. 534. Bourjois, Inc., appellants, v. Clyde R. Chapman, George
W. Leadbetter et al. Appeal from the District Court of the United
States for the District of Maine. Decree affirmed with costs.
Opinion by Mr. Justice Brandeis.
No. 602. Galen H. Welch, Former Collector of Internal Revenue
for the Sixth Collection District of California, petitioner, v. Obispo
Oil Co. On writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court
of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit. Judgment reversed with costs and
cause remanded to the District Court of the United States for the

MONDAY, APRIL 26, 1937
206
Southern District of California for further proceedings in conformity
with the opinion of this Court. Opinion by Mr. Justice Brandeis.
No. 731. The National Fertilizer Association, Inc., et al., appel-
lants, v. W. W. Bradley, Individually, etc., et al. Appeal from the
District Court of the United States for the Western District of
South Carolina. Decree affirmed with costs. Opinion by Mr.
Justice McReynolds.
No. 558. Alaska Packers Association, petitioner, v. Warren H.
Pillsbury, as Deputy Commissioner, etc., et al. On writ of certiorari
to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit.
Decree reversed with costs and cause remanded to the District Court
of the United States for the Northern District of California for
further proceedings in conformity with the opinion of this Court.
Opinion by Mr. Justice Van Devanter.
No. 570. Southern Natural Gas Corporation et al., appellants, v.
State of Alabama. Appeal from the Supreme Court of the State of
Alabama. Judgment affirmed with costs. Opinion by Mr. Chief
Justice Hughes.
No. 604. Reginald P. Ray, petitioner, v. The United States of
America. On writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court
of Appeals for the Second Circuit. Judgment affirmed, and cause
remanded to the District Court of the United States for the South-
ern District of New York. Opinion by Mr. Chief Justice Hughes.
No. 627. Bernard Joseph Mumm, petitioner, v. Jacob E. Decker &
Sons. On writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of
Appeals for the Eighth Circuit. Decree reversed with costs and
cause remanded to the District Court of the United States for the
District of Minnesota for further procedings in conformity with the
opinion of this Court. Opinion by Mr. Chief Justice Hughes.
No. 688. Max Shulman, Bernard Shulman, et al., petitioners, v.
Wilson-Sheridan Hotel Company et al. On writ of certiorari to the
United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Seventh Circuit.
Decree affirmed with costs and cause remanded to the District Court
of the United States for the Northern District of Illinois. Opinion
per curiam, announced by Mr. Chief Justice Hughes.
The Chief Justice announced the following order of the Court:
No. 875. George Espenlaub, appellant, v. The State of Indiana.
Appeal from the Supreme Court of the State of Indiana. Per
curiam: The motion of the appellee to dismiss the appeal is granted,
and the appeal is dismissed for the want of a substantial federal
question. Evanston v. Gunn, 99 U. S. 660, 667, 668; Baltimore &
Ohio Railroad v. Mackey, 157 U. S. 72, 87; Equitable Life Assur-
ance Society v. Brown, 187 U. S. 308, 311.

MONDAY, APRIL 26, 1937
The Chief Justice said:
207
"The other orders of the Court appear upon the list certified by
the Chief Justice and filed with the Clerk and will not be announced
orally."
No. In re Disbarment of Tobias C. Phillips. It having been
reported to the Court that Tobias C. Phillips, of Washington, D. C.,
a member of the bar of this Court, has been disbarred from the prac-
tice of the law in the State of West Virginia by order of the Cir-
cuit Court of Mercer County, West Virginia;
It is ordered that the said Tobias C. Phillips be, and he is hereby,
suspended from the practice of the law in this Court, and that a
rule issue returnable within forty (40) days requiring the said
Tobias C. Phillips to show cause why he should not be disbarred
from the practice of the law in this Court.
No., Original. Ex parte Hiram Steelman, petitioner. The mo-
tion for leave to file petition for writ of prohibition or mandamus
is denied. Ex parte United States, 287 U. S. 241, 248, 249.
No. 907. Jesse C. Duke, v. The United States of America. Motion
for leave to proceed in forma pauperis granted.
No. 888. William Gill, petitioner, v. State of Louisiana. On peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of the State of
Louisiana. The motion for leave to proceed further herein in forma
pauperis is denied for the reason that the Court, upon examination
of the papers herein submitted, finds no ground upon which a writ
of certiorari should be granted. The petition for writ of certiorari
is therefore also denied.
No. 867. Robert W. Halliday et al., petitioners, v. State of Ohio
ex rel. I. J. Fulton, Superintendent of Banks, etc.;
No. 868. Robert W. Halliday et al., petitioners, v. State of Ohio,
ex rel. I. J. Fulton, Superintendent of Banks, etc.; and
No. 869. Robert W. Halliday et al., petitioners, v. State of Ohio
ex rel. I. J. Fulton, Superintendent of Banks, etc. The motion to
print an abbreviated record in No. 867 and to dispense with the
printing of the records in Nos. 868 and 869 is granted.
No. 795. The United States of America, petitioner, v. Angie Crook
Williams. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Cir-
cuit Court of Appeals for the Seventh Circuit granted.
No. 825. Federal Trade Commission, petitioner, v. Standard Edu-
cation Society et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United
States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit granted.
No. 830. Arthur G. Bogardus, petitioner, v. Commissioner of In-
ternal Revenue. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Circuit Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit granted.

MONDAY, APRIL 26, 1937
208
No. 836. Texas & New Orleans Railroad Company et al., peti-
tioners, v. Emma E. Neill et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to
the Court of Civil Appeals, 4th Supreme Judicial District, State of
Texas, granted.
No. 910. Guy T. Helvering, Commissioner of Internal Revenue
et al., petitioners, v. George P. Davis. Petition for writ of certiorari
to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the First Circuit
granted.
No. 700. Con. P. Curran Printing Company, petitioner, v. The
United States. The motion to remand is denied. The petition for
writ of certiorari to the Court of Claims is also denied.
No. 782. Con. P. Curran Printing Company, petitioner, v. The
United States. The motion to remand is denied. The petition for
writ of certiorari to the Court of Claims is also denied.
No. 769. Allan E. Goodhue, petitioner, v. The United States.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Claims denied.
No. 783. John G. Cunningham, petitioner, v. The United States.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Claims denied.
No. 799. John Amaral, John Borba Azevedo, et al., petitioners, v.
Leslie A. Cleary, Individually, etc., et al. Petition for writ of cer-
tiorari to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Ninth
Circuit denied.
No. 800. John S. Borges, John S. Luiz, et al., petitioners, v. Luther
P. Loftis, as Sheriff, etc., et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to
the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit
denied.
No. 801. Joe Affonso, D. V. Wolcott, et al., petitioners, v. N. L.
Cornell, Individually, etc., et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit denied.
No. 822. Grand International Brotherhood of Locomotive Engi-
neers, etc., et al., petitioners, v. William R. Kenan, Jr., et al. Petition
for writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals
for the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 873. Albee Godfrey Whale Creek Company, Inc., petitioner, v.
Frances Dingfeldt et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court
of Appeals of the State of New York denied.
No. 821. Southern Pacific Company, petitioner, v. Frances Mac-
Donnell, Administratrix, etc. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
District Court of Appeals, 1st Appellate District, State of California,
denied.
No. 828. Winston Arthur Cameron, petitioner, v. The United
States of America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United
States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Eighth Circuit denied.

MONDAY, APRIL 26, 1937
209
No. 829. Donald Francis Campbell, petitioner, v. Commissioner of
Internal Revenue. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United
States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Seventh Circuit denied.
No. 831. Irving A. Sartorius, petitioner, v. Commissioner of In-
ternal Revenue. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Circuit Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit denied.
No. 833. Mike Mayerhofer, petitioner, v. The United States of
America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit
Court of Appeals for the Seventh Circuit denied.
No. 834. Marjorie Mannix Chapman, Administratrix, etc., peti-
tioner, v. Albert D. Reese, Receiver, etc. Petition for writ of certi-
orari to the Court of Appeals of the State of Ohio denied.
No., original. Ex parte Joseph Poresky, petitioner ;
No. 227. Jose Matos, petitioner, v. Alonso Hermanos et al.;
No. 340. Etienne Dugas, petitioner, v. American Surety Company
of New York;
No. 505. The Atchison, Topeka and Santa Fe Railway Company,
petitioner, v. William W. Scarlett;
No. 694. E. Pennington Pearson, as sole surviving Administrator,
etc., petitioner, v. The United States;
No. 767. The Waco Development Company, petitioner, v. D.
Gordon Rupe, Jr., et al.;
No. 815. Mrs. Ella Alice Cartey, as Administratrix, etc., petitioner,
v. The United States of America;
No. 816. Mrs. Bertie Berry Jenkins, as Administratrix, etc., peti-
tioner, v. The United States of America; and
No. 818. Alf O. Whitmore, appellant, v. Salt Lake City, George
M. Bacon, as State Engineer, etc., et al. Petitions for rehearing
denied.
ORDER
It is ordered that the call of the docket be suspended for the term
upon the conclusion of the arguments in the cases on call for Monday,
May 3, and that the Court will then take a recess until Monday,
May 17.
No. 272. The Reeves Brothers Company, petitioner, v. The United
States of America. Motion for leave to file petition for rehearing
submitted by Mr. John E. Hughes for the petitioner.
No. 502. United States Savings Bank et al., petitioners, v. Henry
Morgenthau, Jr., Secretary of the Treasury; etc. Motion for leave
to file petition for rehearing submitted by Mr. Wade H. Cooper for
the petitioners.

MONDAY, APRIL 26, 1937
210
No. 342. Ida May Peterson, Individually, etc., petitioner, v. The
United States of America. Motion for leave to file petition for re-
hearing submitted by Mr. J. S. Seidman for the petitioner.
No. 721. Nathan Lipson, petitioner, v. Socony Vacuum Corpora-
tion; and
No. 722. Nathan Lipson, petitioner, v. Standard Oil Company of
New York, Inc. On writs of certiorari to the United States Circuit
Court of Appeals for the First Circuit. Dismissed per stipulation of
counsel.
No. 625. Fred L. Fox, Individually and as State Tax Commissioner
of the State of West Virginia, appellant, v. The Dravo Contracting
Company. Ernest K. James, successor in office to Fred L. Fox, as
State Tax Commissioner substituted as the party appellant on motion
of Mr. Clarence W. Meadows for the appellant.
No. 625. Ernest K. James, Individually and as State Tax Com-
missioner of the State of West Virginia, appellant, v. The Dravo
Contracting Company. Argument commenced by Mr. Clarence W.
Meadows for the appellant and continued by Mr. William S. Moor-
head for the appellee.
Adjourned until tomorrow at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Tuesday, April 27, will be as follows: Nos. 625,
773, 774, 621, 713, 716, 285 (and 202 October Term, 1935), 703,
743, and 804.
Х

TUESDAY, APRIL 27, 1937
211
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: The Chief Justice, Mr. Justice Van Devanter, Mr.
Justice McReynolds, Mr. Justice Brandeis, Mr. Justice Butler, Mr.
Justice Stone, and Mr. Justice Cardozo.
Nicholas S. Schloeder, of Union City, N. J.; Louis Smilansky, of
Detroit, Mich.; Alfred R. Bates, of Chicago, Ill.; Paul P. Rao, of
New York City; Nathan Witt, of New York City; A. Edward
Minetor, of Chicago, Ill.; Frederick A. Thulin, of Chicago, Ill.;
John Thaddeus Scott, Jr., of Houston, Tex.; James L. Hope, of
Astoria, Oreg.; John B. Richards, of Buffalo, N. Y.; and G. Barnum
Redding, of West Medford, Mass., were admitted to practice.
No. 625. Ernest K. James, Individually, etc., appellant, v. The
Dravo Contracting Company. Argument concluded by Mr. Clar-
ence W. Meadows for the appellant.
No. 773. Silas Mason Company, Inc., et al., appellants, v. Tax Com-
mission of the State of Washington et al. Argued by Mr. B. H.
Kizer for the appellants, and by Mr. E. P. Donnelly for the appellees.
No. 774. David H. Ryan, appellant, v. The State of Washington
et al. Argued by Mr. E. D. Weller and Mr. B. H. Kizer for the
appellant, and by Mr. E. W. Schwellenbach and Mr. E. P. Donnelly
for the appellees.
No. 621. The First National Bank & Trust Company of Bridge-
port, Connecticut, Trustee, petitioner, v. Francis E. Beach. Argu-
ment commenced by Mr. Arthur B. Weiss for the petitioner.
Adjourned until tomorrow at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Wednesday, April 28, will be as follows: Nos. 621,
713, 716, 285 (and 202 October Term, 1935), 703, 743, 804, 753
(754 and 755), 765, and 781.
97624-37-86
Х

WEDNESDAY, APRIL 28, 1937
212
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
י
Present The Chief Justice, Mr. Justice Van Devanter, Mr. Jus-
tice McReynolds, Mr. Justice Brandeis, Mr. Justice Sutherland, Mr.
Justice Butler, Mr. Justice Stone, Mr. Justice Roberts, and Mr.
Justice Cardozo.
Seymour S. Bernfeld, of New York City; W. H. Duckworth, of
Atlanta, Ga.; Barnabas F. Sears, of Aurora, Ill.; Wear K. Schoon-
over, of Pocahontas, Ark.; Robert Arthur Cordell, of Norfolk, Va.;
Ralph Waterbury Condee, of Chicago, Ill.; Frank R. Schneberger,
of Chicago, Ill.; Mary C. Horner, of Lawrence, Mass.; Ernest A.
Crockett, of Yankton, S. Dak.; Lura E. Turley, of Washington,
D. C.; Robert W. Hodge, of Royal Oak, Mich.; Harold Webster
Stull, of Washington, D. C.; Leo D. Robinson, of Lonoke, Ark.; and
Manuel J. Davis, of Washington, D. C, were admitted to practice.
No. 621. The First National Bank & Trust Company of Bridge-
port, Connecticut, Trustee, petitioner, v. Francis E. Beach. Argu-
ment continued by Mr. Arthur B. Weiss for the petitioner; by Mr.
Sydney P. Simons for the respondent; and concluded by Mr. Arthur
B. Weiss for the petitioner.
No. 713. Chester C. Dodge et al., appellants, v. Board of Educa-
tion of the City of Chicago et al. Leave granted appellants to file a
reply brief within three days on motion of Mr. Allan J. Carter.
Argued by Mr. Allan J. Carter for the appellants and by Mr. Frank
S. Righeimer for the appellees.
No. 716. Great Lakes Transit Corporation, petitioner, v. Interstate
Steamship Company et al. Argument commenced by Mr. John B.
Richards for the petitioner and continued by Mr. Ray M. Stanley
for the respondents.
Adjourned until tomorrow at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Thursday, April 29, will be as follows: Nos. 716,
285 (and 202 October Term, 1935), 703, 743, 804, 753 (754 and
755), 765, 781, 907, and 824.
97624-37-87
Х
"

THURSDAY, APRIL 29, 1937
213
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: The Chief Justice, Mr. Justice Van Devanter, Mr. Justice
McReynolds, Mr. Justice Brandeis, Mr. Justice Sutherland, Mr.
Justice Butler, Mr. Justice Stone, Mr. Justice Roberts, and Mr.
Justice Cardozo.
Kurt F. Pantzer, of Indianapolis, Ind.; William G. Sparks, of
Indianapolis, Ind.; Erle B. Askew, of St. Petersburg, Fla.; Robert
H. Fouke, of San Francisco, Calif.; Raymond P. Drymalski, of
Chicago, Ill.; Pierson R. Hildreth, of Amityville, N. Y.; Herbert
W. Kenway, of Beverly, Mass.; and Edward A. Coleman, of Long
Island City, N. Y., were admitted to practice.
No. 716. Great Lakes Transit Corporation, petitioner, v. Interstate
Steamship Company et al. Argument concluded by Mr. Ray M.
Stanley for the respondents.
No. 285. United States, ex relatione, Girard Trust Company, Trus-
tee, etc., petitioner, v. Guy T. Helvering, Commissioner of Internal
Revenue; and
No. 202, October Term, 1935. Robert G. Stone et al., Trustees, etc.,
petitioners, v. Thomas W. White, Former Collector of Internal Rev-
enue etc. Argued by Mr. H. Cecil Kilpatrick for the petitioner in
No. 285, by Mr. Thomas Allen for the petitioners in No. 202 October
Term 1935; and by Mr. J. Paul Jackson for the respondents.
No. 703. Old Colony Trust Company, Trustee, petitioner, v. Com-
missioner of Internal Revenue. Argument commenced by Mr.
Harold S. Davis for the petitioner and continued by Mr. A. F.
Prescott for the respondent.
Adjourned until tomorrow at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Friday, April 30, will be as follows: Nos. 703,
743, 804, 753 (754 and 755), 765, 781, 907, 824, and 910.
97624-37-88
☑

FRIDAY, APRIL 30, 1937
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
214
Present: The Chief Justice, Mr. Justice McReynolds, Mr. Justice
Brandeis, Mr. Justice Sutherland, Mr. Justice Butler, Mr. Justice
Stone, Mr. Justice Roberts, and Mr. Justice Cardozo.
Slaton Clemmons, of Atlanta, Ga.; Latham Castle, of Sycamore,
Ill.; Elizabeth King, of Napa, Calif.; Kathryn D. Fenn, of Port-
land, Oreg.; Robert McDowell Allen, of Lexington, Ky.; Ramon
Diokno, of Manila, P. I.; Harry S. Ambler, Jr., of Philadelphia,
Pa.; Ross W. Shumaker, of Toledo, Ohio; Charles Willard Hayes,
of Washington, D. C.; Max C. Louis, of Washington, D. C.; S.
Harold Shefelman, of Seattle, Wash.; Ralph E. Foley, of Spokane,
Wash.; C. E. Quackenbush, of Spokane, Wash.; Irvin Waldman, of
New York City; and Isadore Vogel, of Peekskill, N. Y., were ad-
mitted to practice.
No. 703. Old Colony Trust Company, Trustee, petitioner, v. Com-
missioner of Internal Revenue. Argument continued by Mr. A. F.
Prescott for the respondent and concluded by Mr. Harold S. Davis
for the petitioner.
No. 743. A. A. Lewis and Company et al., petitioners, v. Commis-
sioner of Internal Revenue. Argued by Mr. Franz W. Castle for
the petitioners and by Mr. Andrew D. Sharpe for the respondent.
No. 804. Railroad Commission of the State of California et al.,
appellants, v. Pacific Gas and Electric Company. Argued by Mr.
Ira H. Rowell for the appellants and by Mr. Warren Olney, Jr.,
for the appellee.
No. 753. Aetna Insurance Company, petitioner, v. John M. Ken-
nedy, 3d, to the use of Anna L. Bogash;
No. 754. Springfield Fire & Marine Insurance Company, peti-
tioner, v. John M. Kennedy, 3d, to the use of Anna L. Bogash; and
No. 755. The Liverpool and London and Globe Insurance Com-
pany, Limited, petitioner, v. John M. Kennedy, 3d, to the use of
Anna L. Bogash. Argued by Mr. Horace M. Schell for the peti-
tioners and by Mr. Harry Shapiro for the respondent.
Adjourned until Monday next at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Monday, May 3, will be as follows: Nos. 660, 765,
781, 907, 824, and 910.
97624-37--89
Х
144

MONDAY, MAY 3, 1937
215
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: The Chief Justice, Mr. Justice Van Devanter, Mr. Justice
McReynolds, Mr. Justice Brandeis, Mr. Justice Sutherland, Mr.
Justice Butler, Mr. Justice Stone, Mr. Justice Roberts, and Mr.
Justice Cardozo.
Abbott Mannie Sellers, of Dallas, Texas; J. Frank Gaffney, of
Washington, D. C.; Robert P. Bingham, of Manchester, N. H.;
Clarence A. Rolloff, of Montevideo, Minn.; Myra Siegel, of Chicago,
, Ill.; Vernon Tittle, of Chicago, Ill.; Frank C. Myers, of New York
City; Seward A. Miller, of New York City; Winthrop A. Johns,
of Washington, D. C.; Robert J. Fitzsimmons, of New York City;
James P. Farrell, of New York City; William H. Becker, of Co-
lumbia, Mo.; Fred B. H. Spellman, of Alva, Okla.; George K.
Woodworth, of Boston, Mass.; John F. McCarthy, of Princeton,
N. J.; Charles H. Young, of New Castle, Pa.; Samuel J. Silverman,
of New York City; James C. Mylonas, of Cleveland, Ohio; and
David Goldstein, of Bridgeport, Conn., were admitted to practice.
No. 659. The Cincinnati Soap Company, petitioner, v. The United
States of America. On writ of certiorari to the United States Cir-
cuit Court of Appeals for the Sixth Circuit; and
No. 687. Haskins Bros. & Co., petitioner, v. George W. O'Malley,
Individually and as Collector of Internal Revenue for the District of
Nebraska. Judgments affirmed and cases remanded to the District
Courts of the United States for the Southern District of Ohio and
the District of Nebraska, respectively. Opinion by Mr. Justice
Sutherland.
No. 532. The United States of America, petitioner, v. Morgan Bel-
mont et al., etc. On writ of certiorari to the United States Cir-
cuit Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit. Judgment reversed
and cause remanded to the District Court of the United States for
the Southern District of New York for further proceedings in con-
formity with the opinion of this Court. Opinion by Mr. Justice
Sutherland. Separate opinion by Mr. Justice Stone concurring in
the result in which Mr. Justice Brandeis and Mr. Justice Cardozo
join.
97624-37-90

MONDAY, MAY 3, 1937
216
The Chief Justice announced the following order of the Court:
No. 906. Catholic Order of Foresters, A Fraternal Benefit Society,
Incorporated, appellant, v. The State of North Dakota. Appeal
from the Supreme Court of the State of North Dakota. Per curiam:
The appeal herein is dismissed for the want of jurisdiction. Section
237 (a) Judicial Code, as amended by the Act of February 13, 1925
(43 Stat. 936, 937). Treating the papers whereon the appeal was al-
lowed as a petition for a writ of certiorari, as required by Section
237 (c), Judicial Code, as amended (43 Stat. 936, 938), certiorari
is denied.
The Chief Justice said:
"The other orders of the Court appear upon the list certified by
the Chief Justice and filed with the Clerk and will not be announced
orally."
No. . In Re Complaint of Paysoff Tinkoff. The motion for
leave to file complaint is denied.
No., original. Ex parte John Brown, petitioner. The motion.
for leave to file petition for writ of habeas corpus is denied.
No. 912. Anna Russian, Administratrix, etc., petitioner, v. The
United States of America. On petition for writ of certiorari to the
United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Third Circuit; and
No. 889. Paysoff Tinkoff, petitioner, v. The United States of
America. On petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Circuit Court of Appeals for the Seventh Circuit. The motions for
leave to proceed further herein in forma pauperis are denied for
the reason that the Court, upon examination of the papers herein
submitted finds no ground upon which writs of certiorari should be
granted. The petitions for writs of certiorari are therefore also
denied.
No. 272. The Reeves Brothers Company, petitioner, v. The United
-States of America. The motion for leave to file petition for rehear-
ing is granted. The Clerk is directed to give notice to the Attorney
General of the petition for rehearing, with permission to file re-
sponse within five days.
No. 890. State of Texas and J. C. Clopton et al., etc., petitioners, v.
David Donoghue, Trustee, etc. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit granted
limited to the questions raised upon the application of the State for
permission to take proceedings for the confiscation of the alleged
illegal oil.
No. 853. Thomas W. White, Individually, etc., petitioner, v. Philip
J. Aronson, Trustee. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United.
States Circuit Court of Appeals for the First Circuit granted.

MONDAY, MAY 3, 1937
217
No. 820. State Tax Commission of Oregon et al., petitioners, v.
Winston Bros. Company et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
Supreme Court of the State of Oregon denied.
No. 827. L. H. Sly, petitioner, v. The Prudential Insurance Com-
pany of America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme
Court of the State of California denied.
No. 835. Erle P. Halliburton et al., petitioners, v. Johnston Forma-
tion Testing Corporation and E. C. Johnston. Petition for writ of
certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Fifth
Circuit denied.
No. 840. Max Block, petitioner, v. The United States of America.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of
Appeals for the Second Circuit denied.
No. 841. Bertram J. Grigsby, petitioner, v. Commissioner of In-
ternal Revenue. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Circuit Court of Appeals for the Seventh Circuit denied.
No. 843. F. A. Martoccio Company, In its own name, etc., peti-
tioner, v. Federal Trade Commission. Petition for writ of certiorari
to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Eighth Circuit
denied.
No. 844. The Great Atlantic & Pacific Tea Company, petitioner, v.
District of Columbia. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United
States Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia denied.
No. 845. The Board of Public Instruction of Gadsden County,
Florida, etc., et al., petitioners, v. John Nuveen, Doing business
under the trade name of John Nuveen & Company. Petition for
writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for
the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 847. C. H. Smith, petitioner, v. Selden R. Glenn, Individually
and as Collector of Internal Revenue. Petition for writ of certiorari
to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Sixth Circuit
denied.
No. 850. Leslie Ullrich and Laura C. Ullrich, petitioners, v. C. O.
Thomas, Receiver, etc. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United
States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Sixth Circuit denied.
No. 857. Lilliam Clawans, petitioner, v. District of Columbia.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the District of Columbia denied.
No. 858. Geneva Investment Company, petitioner, v. The City of
St. Louis. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Cir-
cuit Court of Appeals for the Eighth Circuit denied.

MONDAY, MAY 3, 1937
218
No. 859. First National Bank, Detroit, petitioner, v. William
F. Connolly, Receiver of Detroit Bankers Company. Petition for
writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for
the Sixth Circuit denied.
No. 860. Commercial National Bank of San Antonio, petitioner, v.
Continental Bank & Trust Company of New York. Petition for
writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for
the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 861. Louis J. Cadek, petitioner, v. The State of Ohio. Peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Ohio denied.
No. 870. New York Life Insurance Company, petitioner, v. James
C. Lanier et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Circuit Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 881. New York Life Insurance Company, petitioner, v. The
Freedom Casket Company. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Third Circuit denied.
No. 920. New York Life Insurance Company, petitioner, v. Wil-
liam D. Strong. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme
Court of the State of Oklahoma denied.
No. 342. Ida May Peterson, Individually, etc., petitioner, v. The
United States of America; and
No. 502. United States Savings Bank and Wade H. Cooper, peti-
tioners, v. Henry Morgenthau, Jr., Secretary of the Treasury et al.
The motions for leave to file petitions for rehearing in these cases
are granted. The petitions for rehearing are denied.
No. 745. Freeman Hatfield, petitioner, v. John M. Guay, United
States Marshal, et al. Petition for rehearing denied.
No. 660. Elbert B. Lindsey et al., petitioners, v. State of Washing-
ton. Argued by Mr. Spencer Gordon for the petitioners and by
Mr. C. C. Quackenbush and Mr. Ralph E. Foley for the respondent.
No. 765. The Mantle Lamp Company of America, petitioner, v.
Aluminum Products Company. Argued by Mr. George I. Haight for
the petitioner and by Mr. William N. Cromwell for the respondent.
No. 781. C. R. Townsend et al., etc., appellants, v. M. J. Yoemans,
Attorney General of the State of Georgia, et al. Argument com-
menced by Mr. Wm. Hart Sibley for the appellants.
Adjourned until tomorrow at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Tuesday, May 4, will be as follows: Nos. 781, 907,
824, and 910.
Х

TUESDAY, MAY 4, 1937
219
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: The Chief Justice, Mr. Justice Van Devanter, Mr. Jus-
tice McReynolds, Mr. Justice Brandeis, Mr. Justice Sutherland,
Mr. Justice Butler, Mr. Justice Stone, Mr. Justice Roberts, and Mr.
Justice Cardozo.
Wright F. Morrow, of Houston, Tex.; Paul E. Raymond, of
DeLand, Fla.; Donald Hiss, of Baltimore, Md.; Roscoe O. Bonisteel,
of Ann Arbor, Mich.; Charles Q. Kelley, of Little Rock, Ark.;
Price Shofner, of Little Rock, Ark.; A. Leonard Allen, of Winn-
field, La.; Aaron Harry Zychick, of Cleveland, Ohio; Leslie C. Mc-
Nemar, of Arlington, Va.; Ralph W. Yarborough, of Austin, Tex.;
Thos. L. Gatch, of Washington, D. C.; Henry L. Phelps, of Wash-
ington, D. C.; Carmack Waterhouse, of Chattanooga, Tenn.; Wil-
liam F. Snyder, of New York City; Philip Cooper, of New York
City; Elmer E. Hoover, of Washington, D. C.; R. Duncan Clark, of
Washington, D. C.; Jack Holt, of Harrison, Ark.; Millard Alford,
of Gurdon, Ark.; Leffel Gentry, of Little Rock, Ark.; and Osborne
W. Garvin, of Little Rock, Ark., were admitted to practice.
No. 11, original. The State of Arkansas, complainant, v. The State
of Tennessee. Motion for the appointment of a Special Master sub-
nitted by Mr. Jack Holt for the complainant.
No. 781. C. R. Townsend and Park Bernard, a partnership, etc.,
appellants, v. M. J. Yeomans, Attorney General of the State of
Georgia, et al. Argument continued by Mr. Wm. Hart Sibley for
the appellants; by Mr. O. H. Dukes and Mr. L. W. Branch for the
appellees; and concluded by Mr. Robert C. Alston for the appellants.
No. 907. Jesse C. Duke v. The United States of America. Argued
by Mr. Jesse C. Duke, pro se, and by Mr. William W. Barron for the
United States.
No. 824. W. A. Thomas, Collector of Internal Revenue, petitioner,
v. J. J. Perkins et al. Argument commenced by Mr. J. Louis Mon-
arch for the petitioner, and continued by Mr. Harry C. Weeks for
the respondents.
Adjourned until tomorrow at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Wednesday, May 5, will be as follows: Nos. 824
and 910.
97624-37--91
☑

WEDNESDAY, MAY 5, 1937
220
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: The Chief Justice, Mr. Justice Van Devanter, Mr. Justice
McReynolds, Mr. Justice Brandeis, Mr. Justice Sutherland, Mr.
Justice Butler, Mr. Justice Stone, Mr. Justice Roberts, and Mr.
Justice Cardozo.
Tyre Taylor, of Raleigh, N. C.; Carmack Sullivan, of Hardy,
Ark.; Walter S. Fenton, of Rutland, Vt.; Roger Sherman Hoar, of
South Milwaukee, Wis.; and Geo. B. Pitts, of Cleveland, Ohio, were
admitted to practice.
No. 824. W. A. Thomas, Collector of Internal Revenue, Petitioner,
v. J. J. Perkins et al. Argument concluded by Mr. Harry C. Weeks
for the respondents.
No. 910. Guy T. Helvering, Commissioner of Internal Revenue,
et al., petitioners, v. George P. Davis. Argument commenced by Mr.
Assistant Attorney General Jackson for the petitioners, continued
by Mr. Edward F. McClennen for the respondent; and concluded by
Mr. Charles E. Wyzanski, Jr., for the petitioners.
Adjourned until Monday, May 17, next, at 12 o'clock.
97624-37- _92
×

MONDAY, MAY 17, 1937
221
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present The Chief Justice, Mr. Justice Van Devanter, Mr. Justice
McReynolds, Mr. Justice Brandeis, Mr. Justice Sutherland, Mr.
Justice Butler, Mr. Justice Stone, Mr. Justice Roberts, and Mr.
Justice Cardozo.
Allan A. Bynon, of Portland, Oreg.; Robert F. Maguire, of Port-
land, Oreg.; William Robert Poage, of Waco, Tex.; Enoch E. Ellison,
of Washington, D. C.; Carl R. Becker, of Milwaukee, Wis.; Theodora
T. Guthrie, of Cleveland, Ohio; Anthony J. Guthrie, of Cleveland,
Ohio; Russel S. Coutant, of New York City; Asbury S. Edmonds,
of New York City; Samuel Stanley Zagon, of Los Angeles, Calif.;
David McCalmont Cummins, of Washington, Pa.; Thomas L. Brown,
of Kansas City, Mo.; Norman E. Kane, of Washington, D. C.; Harvey
C. Crittenden, of Winter Haven, Fla.; Mark W. Lyday, of Clinton,
Ind.; Sydney L. Jacobs, of Jersey City, N. J.; Oscar Greenberg, of
Jersey City, N. J.; Evelyn A. Greene, of Detroit, Mich.; John N.
Stanton, of Crown Point, Ind.; Fred A. Egan, of Gary, Ind.; E.
Fontaine Broun, of New York City; Ben Schwartz, of East Chicago,
Ind.; David B. Schreiber, of Cincinnati, Ohio; John F. Lombard,
of Boston, Mass.; John O'Dea, of Washington, D. C.; Joseph C.
Cheney, of Yakima, Wash.; Clyde Brown, Jr., of New York City;
Clarence W. Nutt, of New York City; Charles I. Katz, of New
York City; Harry B. Wirin, of Los Angeles, Calif.; Walter A.
Redding, of Boston, Mass.; James Thornton Dolan, of St. Louis,
Mo.; Samuel Ostrolenk, of Washington, D. C.; Clarence J. Nickman,
of Atlantic City, N. J.; John Hartwell Alvord, of Los Angeles,
Calif.; J. Marvin Kelley, of Hartselle, Ala.; Hilliard Comstock, of
Santa Rosa, Calif.; Wendell Rynerson, of Indianapolis, Ind.; and
John J. Augsburger, of Cleveland, Ohio, were admitted to practice.
No. 621. The First National Bank & Trust Company of Bridge-
port, Connecticut, Trustee, petitioner, v. Francis E. Beach. On writ
of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the
Second Circuit. Judgment affirmed with costs and cause remanded
to the District Court of the United States for the District of Con-
necticut. Opinion by Mr. Justice Cardozo.
97624-37-93

MONDAY, MAY 17, 1937
222
No. 734. The United States of America and Interstate Commerce
Commission, appellants, v. American Sheet & Tin plate Company
et al. Appeal from the District Court of the United States for the
Western District of Pennsylvania. Decrees reversed and cause re-
manded to the District Court of the United States for the Western
District of Pennsylvania for further proceedings in conformity with
the opinion of this Court. Opinion by Mr. Justice Roberts. Dis-
senting: Mr. Justice Butler.
No. 652. The Great Atlantic & Pacific Tea Company et al., ap-
pellants, v. Alice Lee Grosjean, Supervisor of Public Accounts,
State of Louisiana, et al. Appeal from the District Court of the
United States for the Eastern District of Louisiana. Decree af-
firmed with costs. Opinion by Mr. Justice Roberts. Mr. Justice Van
Devanter, and Mr. Justice Stone took no part in the consideration
or decision of this case. Dissenting opinion by Mr. Justice Suther-
land in which Mr. Justice McReynolds and Mr. Justice Butler join.
No. 660. Elbert B. Lindsey and E. R. Lindsey, petitioners, v. State
of Washington. On writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of the
State of Washington. Judgment reversed with costs and cause re-
manded to the said Supreme Court for further proceedings not
inconsistent with the opinion of this Court. Opinion by Mr. Justice
Stone.
No. 753. Aetna Insurance Company, petitioner, v. John M. Ken-
nedy, 3d, to the use of Anna L. Bogash;
No. 754. Springfield Fire & Marine Insurance Company, petitioner,
v. John M. Kennedy, 3d, to the use of Anna L. Bogash; and
No. 755. The Liverpool and London and Globe Insurance Com-
pany, Limited, petitioner, v. John M. Kennedy, 3d, to the use of
Anna L. Bogash. On writs of certiorari to the United States Cir-
cuit Court of Appeals for the Third Circuit. Judgments of the said
Circuit Court of Appeals modified by eliminating the directions
to enter judgments for plaintiff and by substituting orders for new
trials, and causes remanded to the District Court of the United
States for the Eastern District of Pennsylvania for further proceed-
ings in conformity with the opinion of this Court. Opinion by Mr.
Justice Butler.
No. 743. A. A. Lewis and Company et al., petitioners, v. Commis-
sioner of Internal Revenue. On writ of certiorari to the United
States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Seventh Circuit. Judg-
ment reversed and cause remanded to the said Circuit Court of
Appeals for further proceedings in conformity with the opinion
of this Court. Opinion by Mr. Justice Sutherland.
No. 703. Old Colony Trust Company, Trustee, petitioner, v. Com-
missioner of Internal Revenue. On writ of certiorari to the United
States Circuit Court of Appeals for the First Circuit. Judgment

MONDAY, MAY 17, 1937
223
reversed and cause remanded to the said Circuit Court of Appeals
for further proceedings in conformity with the opinion of this
Court. Opinion by Mr. Justice McReynolds.
No. 228. The Chippewa Indians of Minnesota, appellants, v. The
United States et al. Appeal from the Court of Claims. Judgment
affirmed. Opinion by Mr. Justice Van Devanter.
No. 667. Anniston Manufacturing Company, petitioner, v. Har-
well G. Davis, Collector of Internal Revenue. On writ of certiorari
to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit.
Opinion by Mr. Chief Justice Hughes. Judgment affirmed with
costs and cause remanded to the District Court of the United States
for the Northern District of Alabama. Concurring: Mr. Justice
Stone and Mr. Justice Cardozo. Dissenting: Mr. Justice McReynolds.
The Chief Justice said:
"The orders of the Court appear upon the list certified by the Chief
Justice and filed with the Clerk and will not be announced orally."
No. . In re Disbarment of Maurice R. Woulfe. Upon considera-
tion of the proceedings had in the District Court of the United
States for the Eastern District of Louisiana resulting in the rein-
statement of Maurice R. Woulfe as a member of the bar of that
Court, it is ordered that the order of this Court of February 19,
1934, suspending Maurice R. Woulfe from the further practice of
the law in this Court, be, and the same is hereby, vacated, and that
the Rule to Show Cause, issued February 19, 1934, be, and the same
is hereby, discharged.
No. 11, original. State of Arkansas, complainant, v. State of Ten-
nessee. The motion for the appointment of a Special Master is
granted, and it is ordered that Monte M. Lemann, of New Orleans,
Louisiana, be, and he is hereby, appointed Special Master in this
cause, with authority to summon witnesses, issue subpoenas, and to
take such evidence as may be introduced and such as he may deem it
necessary to call for. The Master is directed to make findings of fact
and conclusion of law, and to submit the same to this Court with all
convenient speed, together with his recommendations for a decree.
The findings, conclusions, and recommendations of the Master shall
be subject to consideration, revision, or approval by the Court. The
Master shall be allowed his actual expenses and a reasonable com-
pensation for his services to be fixed hereafter by the Court. The
allowances to him, the compensation paid to his stenographic and
clerical assistants, and the cost of printing his report shall be charged
against and be borne by the parties in such proportion as the Court
hereafter may direct. If the appointment herein made of a Master

MONDAY, MAY 17, 1937
224
is not accepted, or if the place becomes vacant during the recess of the
Court, the Chief Justice shall have authority to make a new designa-
tion which shall have the same effect as if originally made by the
Court herein.
No. 807. United Gas Public Service Company, appellant, v. State
of Texas et al. The motion of the appellees to dismiss the appeal is
denied. Norfolk Turnpike Co. v. Virginia, 225 U. S. 264, 269;
Second Nat'l. Bank v. First Nat'l. Bank, 242 U. S. 600, 602; Western
Union v. Priester, 276 U. S. 252, 258.
No. 660. Elbert R. Lindsey and E. R. Lindsey, petitioners, v. State
of Washington. The petition herein for citation as for contempt
is denied.
No. 948. Mamie Kinchlow, petitioner, v. Peoples Rapid Transit
Co. et al. On petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia. The motion for
leave to proceed further herein in forma pauperis is denied for
the reason that the Court, upon examination of the papers herein
submitted, finds no ground upon which a writ of certiorari should
be granted. The petition for writ of certiorari is therefore also
denied.
No. 878. Commonwealth of Pennsylvania ex rel. Elmer Sullivan,
petitioner, v. Stanley Ashe, Warden State Penitentiary, Western
District of Pennsylvania. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
Supreme Court of the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania granted.
No. 886. Abraham C. Berman, petitioner, v. The United States of
America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Cir-
cuit Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit granted.
No. 842. The People of Puerto Rico, petitioner, v. The Shell Co.,
(P. R.), Limited, et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United
States Circuit Court of Appeals for the First Circuit granted.
No. 848. Bradley W. Palmer, petitioner, v. Commissioner of In-
ternal Revenue. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States.
Circuit Court of Appeals for the First Circuit granted.
No. 865. Chicago Title and Trust Company, as Successor Trustee,
etc., petitioner, v. Forty-one thirty-six Wilcox Building Corpora-
tion; and
No. 866. Chicago Title and Trust Company, as Successor Trustee,
etc., petitioner, v. Forty-one thirty-six Wilcox Building Corpora-
tion. Petition for writs of certiorari to the United States Circuit
Court of Appeals for the Seventh Circuit granted.
No. 887. Guy T. Helvering, Commissioner of Internal Revenue,
petitioner, v. H. C. Gowran. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Seventh Circuit
granted.

MONDAY, MAY 17, 1937
225
No. 862. Oscar F. Mayer, petitioner, v. Commissioner of Internal
Revenue. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit
Court of Appeals for the Seventh Circuit granted and case assigned
for hearing immediately following No. 848.
No. 895. Guy T. Helvering, Commissioner of Internal Revenue,
petitioner, v. Annie M. Pfeiffer. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit
granted and case assigned for hearing immediately following No. 887.
No. 839. Continental Oil Company, petitioner, v. The United
States. Motion to remand denied. The petition for writ of cer-
tiorari to the Court of Claims is also denied.
No. 846. Sabine Hardwood Company, Ltd., petitioner, v. Houston
Oil Company of Texas et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 851. Peter Young, petitioner, v. The New York, New Haven,
and Hartford Railroad Company. Petition for writ of certiorari to
the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit
denied.
No. 852. Streckfus Steamers, Incorporated, petitioner, v. Geneva
Dempsey Shuttleworth. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United
States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Fourth Circuit denied.
No. 863. Katharine G. Benedict, petitioner, v. Savings Investment
and Trust Company, as Trustee, etc.; and
No. 864. Katharine G. Benedict, petitioner, v. Savings Investment
and Trust Company, as Trustee, etc. Petition for writs of certiorari
to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit
denied.
No. 871. Shellmar Products Company, petitioner, v. Allen-Qualley
Company et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Circuit Court of Appeals for the Seventh Circuit denied.
No. 872. James R. Deering, petitioner, v. National Mortgage Cor-
poration et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Errors
and Appeals of the State of New Jersey denied.
No. 877. The Shaler Company, petitioner, v. John W. Speaker and
J. W. Speaker Corporation. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Seventh Circuit
denied.
No. 880. The United States, petitioner, v. Frederick S. Lee. Peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the Court of Claims denied.
No. 882. George R. Bevan, petitioner, v. The New York, Chicago
and St. Louis Railroad Company. Petition for writ of certiorari
to the Supreme Court of the State of Ohio denied.

MONDAY, MAY 17, 1937
226
No. 904. The Indiana Farmer's Guide Publishing Company, peti-
tioner, v. The Prairie Farmer Publishing Company et al. Petition
for writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals
for the Seventh Circuit denied.
No. 925. Anahma Realty Corporation, petitioner, v. Park-Lexing-
ton Corporation; and
No. 926. Anahma Realty Corporation, petitioner, v. Park-Lexing-
ton Corporation. Petition for writs of certiorari to the United
States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit denied.
No. 930. B. Levy & Son, Jacob Levy and I. Gates Levy, petitioners,
v. J. Donald Reifsnyder, Trustee etc. Petition for writ of certiorari
to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Third Cir-
cuit denied.
No. 876. Joseph Grindley, Albert W. Kauffman, et al., petitioners,
v. B. C. Schram, Receiver etc., et al. Petition for writ of certiorari
to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Sixth Circuit
denied.
No. 879. Hotel Syracuse Men's Shop, Inc., et al., petitioners, v.
George M. Haight, as Receiver etc., et al. Petition for writ of cer-
tiorari to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Second
Circuit denied.
No. 884. Dave Girson and Sam Rivin, petitioners, v. The United
States of America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United
States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit denied.
No. 893. General Utilities Investors Corporation et al., petitioners,
v. Public Service Corporation of New Jersey et al. Petition for
writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for
the Second Circuit denied.
No. 897. Cassius McDonald, petitioner, v. The United States of
America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit
Court of Appeals for the Eighth Circuit denied.
No. 899. R. J. Nitkey and Lillian F. Nitkey, petitioners, v. S. T.
McKnight Company et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Eighth Circuit
denied.
No. 900. Heywood-Wakefield Company, petitioner, v. Edward F.
Small. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit
Court of Appeals for the First Circuit denied.
No. 902. J. W. Gillespie, L. F. Rodgers, and James G. Martin,
petitioners, v. Sovereign Camp, Woodmen of the World; and
No. 903. J. W. Gillespie, L. F. Rodgers, and James G. Martin,
petitioners, v. Yell County, Arkansas, et al. Petition for writs of
certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the
Eighth Circuit denied.

MONDAY, MAY 17, 1937
227
No. 272. The Reeves Brothers Company, petitioner, v. The United
States of America;
No. 790. Richard M. Isenberg, petitioner, v. Homer S. Cummings,
Attorney General of the United States, et al.;
No. 819. Anahma Realty Corporation, petitioner, v. Park-Lexing-
ton Corporation;
No. 688. Max Shulman et al., petitioners, v. Wilson-Sheridan
Hotel Company et al.; and
No. 849. The State of Ohio, ex rel. Carl Green, petitioner, v.
Charles E. King, Clerk of the Court of Common Pleas, etc., et al.
Petitions for rehearing denied.
ORDER
The Court will take a recess from today until next Monday and
from that day until Tuesday, June 1, upon which day it will adjourn
for the term.
No motions, except motions for admission to practice, will be
received after Monday, May 24.
No. 564. L. Gordon Hamersley, petitioner, v. The United States.
Time within which to file petition for rehearing extended for a
period of thirty days from this date on motion of Mr. Ralph Royall
for the petitioner.
No. -, original. Ex parte Chester G. Bollenbach, petitioner.
Motion for leave to file petition for writ of certiorari submitted by
Mr. George W. W. McCarter for the petitioner.
No. 13, original. State of Texas, complainant, v. State of Florida
et al. Answers of the defendants presented.
No. 499. Hartridge-Cannon Company et al., petitioners, v. J. W.
Gillespie et al. Motion for leave to file petition for rehearing sub-
mitted by Mr. W. H. Poe for the petitioners.
No. 499. Hartridge-Cannon Company et al., petitioners, v. J. W.
Gillespie et al. Motion of the State of Florida for leave to intervene
submitted by Mr. Cary D. Landis, Mr. W. P. Allen, and Mr. H. E.
Carter in that behalf.
No. 767. The Waco Development Company, petitioner, v. D.
Gordon Rupe, Jr., et al. Motion for leave to file a second petition
for rehearing submitted by Mr. J. D. Williamson for the petitioner.
Adjourned until Monday, May 24, next at 12 o'clock.

MONDAY, MAY 24, 1937
228
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: The Chief Justice, Mr. Justice Van Devanter, Mr. Justice
McReynolds, Mr. Justice Brandeis, Mr. Justice Sutherland, Mr.
Justice Butler, Mr. Justice Stone, Mr. Justice Roberts, and Mr.
Justice Cardozo.
Edwin H. Wenzel, of Milwaukee, Wis.; Herman Finkelstein, of
New York City; Louis D. Frohlich, of New York City; Geo. E.
Bronaugh, of Portland, Oreg.; Ben Connally, of Houston, Tex.;
Dillon Anderson, of Houston, Tex.; Henry H. Brooks, of Austin,
Tex.; William D. White, of Dallas, Tex.; Dorothy I. Levy Morse, of
Augusta, Ga.; George Maxman, of Philadelphia, Pa.; Kenneth C.
Coffelt, of Benton, Ark.; Frank C. Hanley, of Portland, Oreg.; Hoy
D. Davis, of Gary, Ind.; Forrest E. Claypool, of Chillicothe, Ohio;
James K. Knudson, of Washington, D. C.; Fred O. Wilson, of
Phoenix, Ariz.; Bernard Sobol, of New York City; Herman A.
Benjamin, of New York City; Herron C. Pearson, of Jackson,
Tenn.; Lemuel P. Mathews, of Phoenix, Ariz.; Caldwell Daniel, of
Paris, Tenn.; Peter Seitz, of New York City; Frederick DeWitt
Shelton, of Washington, D. C.; Roland F. deFere, of San Diego,
Calif.; Edward H. Cumpston, of Rochester, N. Y.; Ernest Angell,
of New York City; Josiah Lyman, of Washington, D. C.; James
Milford Springer, of Los Angeles, Calif.; Russell A. Johnson, of
Los Angeles, Calif.; Harold B. Gross, of Providence, R. I.; Howard
R. Stinson, of Bremerton, Wash.; Fred E. Wilson, of Albuquerque,
N. Mex.; Irving P. Austin, of Compton, Calif.; Philip Buettner,
of Washington, D. C.; Elliott A. Daitz, of Washington, D. C.;
LaMonte Cowles, of Burlington, Iowa; Francis D. Stephens, of
Washington, D. C.; Charles Harrison Mann, Jr., of Washington,
D. C.; Arthur H. Priest, of Forest Hills, N. Y.; Kenneth W. Car-
son, of Forest Hills, N. Y.; C. E. Woodward, of Des Moines, Iowa;
Frank Aranow, of New York City; Stanley P. Clay, of Joplin, Mo.;
Maurice M. Goldman, of Boston, Mass.; Irving U. Townsend, Jr.,
of Boston, Mass.; Anthony T. Augelli, of Jersey City, N. J.; James-
Thadeus Clark, of Washington, D. C.; Maurice J. Nicoson, of Terre
Haute, Ind.; Ganson Purcell, of Washington, D. C.; Emory Bying-
ton Smith, of Washington, D. C.; David Schenker, of New York
City; Sol Goodman, of Cincinnati, Ohio; Guy O. Walser, of Bay
Shore, N. Y.; Theodore W. Housel, of Lindenhurst, N. Y.; David
Sokol, of Los Angeles, Calif.; Septimus B. Sightler, Jr., of Washing-
97624-37-94

MONDAY, MAY 24, 1937
229
ton, D. C.; Emma Elizabeth Dillon, of Trenton, N. J.; Herman
Ringle, of New Brunswick, N. J.; Robert V. Morse, of Ithaca, N. Y.;
Philip F. Maguire, of Orlando, Fla.; James M. Graves, of Wash-
ington, D. C.; and John J. Walsh, of Yonkers, N. Y., were admitted
to practice.
No. 837. Chas. C. Steward Machine Company, petitioner, v. Har-
well G. Davis, Individually and as Collector of Internal Revenue.
On writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals
for the Fifth Circuit. Decree affirmed with costs and cause re-
manded to the District Court of the United States for the Northern
District of Alabama. Opinion by Mr. Justice Cardozo. Separate
opinion by Mr. Justice McReynolds. Separate opinion by Mr. Jus-
tice Sutherland in which Mr. Justice Van Devanter joins. Dissent-
ing opinion by Mr. Justice Butler.
No. 910. Guy T. Helvering, Commissioner of Internal Revenue,
and William M. Welch, Collector of Internal Revenue, etc.,
et al., petitioners, v. George P. Davis. On writ of certiorari
to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the First Circuit.
Decree of the Circuit Court of Appeals reversed and that of the Dis-
trict Court affirmed and cause remanded to the District Court of the
United States for the District of Massachusetts. Opinion by Mr.
Justice Cardozo. Dissenting: Mr. Justice McReynolds and Mr.
Justice Butler.
No. 765. The Mantle Lamp Company of America, petitioner, v.
Aluminum Products Company. On writ of certiorari to the United
States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Seventh Circuit. Judg-
ment affirmed with costs and cause remanded to the District Court of
the United States for the Northern District of Illinois. Opinion by
Mr. Justice Roberts.
No. 724. Albert A. Carmichael, Individually and as Attorney Gen-
eral of the State of Alabama, et al., appellants, v. Southern Coal &
Coke Company; and
No. 797. Albert A. Carmichael, Individually and as Attorney Gen-
eral of the State of Alabama, et al., appellants, v. Gulf States Paper
Corporation. Appeals from the District Court of the United
States for the Middle District of Alabama. Decrees reversed with
costs and cases remanded to the said District Court for further pro-
ceedings in conformity with the opinion of this Court. Opinion by
Mr. Justice Stone. Dissenting: Mr. Justice McReynolds. Dissent-
ing opinion by Mr. Justice Sutherland in which Mr. Justice Van
Devanter and Mr. Justice Butler concur.
No. 202, October Term, 1935. Robert G. Stone and Carrie M.
Stone, Trustees, etc., petitioners, v. Thomas W. White, Former Col-

MONDAY, MAY 24, 1937
230
lector of Internal Revenue at Boston, Massachusetts. On writ of
certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the
First Circuit. Judgment affirmed with costs and cause remanded
to the District Court of the United States for the District of Massa-
chusetts. Opinion by Mr. Justice Stone. Dissenting: Mr. Justice
Roberts.
No. 285. United States ex relatione Girard Trust Company,
Trustee under the will of John A. Brown, Jr., deceased, petitioner,
v. Guy T. Helvering, Commissioner of Internal Revenue. On writ
of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the District
of Columbia. Judgment affirmed and cause remanded to the District
Court of the United States for the District of Columbia. Opinion
by Mr. Justice Stone. Dissenting: Mr. Justice Roberts.
No. 907. Jesse C. Duke v. The United States of America. On
certificate from the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the
Fourth Circuit. Both questions answered in the affirmative. Opin-
ion by Mr. Justice Sutherland.
No. 658. Paul Senn, appellant, v. Tile Layers Protective Union,
Local No. 5, Charles Schreiber, et al. Appeal from the Supreme
Court of the State of Wisconsin. Motion to dismiss the appeal de-
nied. Judgment affirmed with costs. Opinion by Mr. Justice Bran-
deis. Dissenting opinion by Mr. Justice Butler in which Mr. Justice
Van Devanter, Mr. Justice McReynolds, and Mr. Justice Sutherland
join.
No. 355. Hartford Steam Boiler Inspection and Insurance Com-
pany and W. M. Francis, appellants, v. William B. Harrison, Insur-
ance Commissioner. Appeal from the Supreme Court of the State
of Georgia. Judgment reversed with costs and cause remanded to
the said Supreme Court for further proceedings not inconsistent
with the opinion of this Court. Opinion by Mr. Justice McReynolds.
Dissenting opinion by Mr. Justice Roberts in which Mr. Justice
Brandeis, Mr. Justice Stone, and Mr. Justice Cardozo concur.
No. 781. C. R. Townsend and Park Bernard, a partnership known
as Townsend & Bernard, doing business as Cook County Warehouse,
appellants, v. M. J. Yeomans, Attorney General of the State of
Georgia, et al. Appeal from the District Court of the United States
for the Middle District of Alabama. Decree affirmed with costs.
Opinion by Mr. Chief Justice Hughes.
The Chief Justice announced the following orders of the Court:
No. 938. Kenyon V. Painter, appellant, v. The State of Ohio.
Appeal from the Supreme Court of the State of Ohio. Per curiam:
The motion of the appellee for leave to file a statement against juris-
diction is granted. The appeal herein is dismissed for the want of

MONDAY, MAY 24, 1937
231
a substantial federal question. Hebert v. Louisiana, 272 U. S. 312,
315; Westfall v. United States, 274 U. S. 256.
No. 944. Catherine Fearon, appellant, v. Charles Treanor. Ap-
peal from the Supreme Court of the State of New York. Per curiam:
The appeal herein is dismissed for the want of a substantial federal
question. Second Employers' Liability Cases, 223 U. S. 1, 50; New
York Central R. R. Co. v. White, 243 U. S. 188, 198; Silver v. Silver,
280 U. S. 117, 122.
No. 947. W. French Grubb, appellant, v. E. H. Lawman, Receiver,
etc. Appeal from the Supreme Court of the State of Tennessee. Per
curiam: The motion of the appellee to dismiss the appeal is granted,
and the appeal is dismissed for the reason that the judgment sought
here to be reviewed is based upon a non-federal ground adequate to
support it. DeSaussure v. Gaillard, 127 U. S. 216, 232, 233; McCoy v.
Shaw, 277 U. S. 302, 303; Kammerer v. Kroeger, Sup't, 299 U. S.
302, 304.
The Chief Justice said:
"The other orders of the Court appear upon the list certified by
the Chief Justice and filed with the Clerk and will not be announced
orally."
ORDER
It is ordered that Rule I of the Rules of Practice and Procedure in
Criminal Cases be, and the same is hereby, amended to read as
follows:
I. Sentence. After a plea of guilty, or a verdict of guilt by a jury
or finding of guilt by the trial court where a jury is waived, and
except as provided in the Act of March 4, 1925, c. 521, 43 Stat. 1259,
sentence shall be imposed without delay unless (1) a motion for the
withdrawal of a plea of guilty, or in arrest of judgment or for a new
trial, is pending, or the trial court is of opinion that there is reasonable
ground for such a motion; or (2) the condition or character of the
defendant, or other pertinent matters, should be investigated in the
interest of justice before sentence is imposed. The judgment setting
forth the sentence shall be signed by the judge who imposes the
sentence and shall be entered by the clerk.
Pending sentence, the court may commit the defendant or continue
or increase the amount of bail.
No., original. Ex parte Chester G. Bollenbach, petitioner. The
motion for leave to file a petition for writ of certiorari herein is
denied.
No. 13, original. State of Texas, complainant, v. State of Florida
et al. The answers of the defendants are received and ordered filed.

MONDAY, MAY 24, 1937
232
No. 974. Leander T. Reilly et al., petitioners, v. Mike and Anna
Stedronsky et al. On petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme
Court of the State of Ohio;
No. 978. L. C. Turman, petitioner, v. Beryl Turman. On petition
for writ of certiorari to the Court of Civil Appeals, 2nd Supreme
Judicial District, State of Texas;
No. 984. Phillip G. Keese, petitioner, v. Fred G. Zerbst, Warden
of United States Penitentiary, Leavenworth, Kansas. On petition
for writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals
for the Tenth Circuit; and
On
No. 990. Thomas E. Thorpe, petitioner, v. The State of Ohio.
petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of the State of
Ohio. The motions for leave to proceed further herein in forma
pauperis are denied for the reason that the Court, upon examination
of the papers herein submitted, finds no ground upon which writs of
certiorari should be granted. The petitions for writs of certiorari
are, therefore, also denied.
No. 499. Hartridge-Cannon Company et al., petitioners, v. J. W.
Gillespie et al. The motion of the State of Florida for leave to
file a petition to intervene is granted. The petition to intervene is
denied.
No. 854. Herman C. Groman, petitioner, v. Commissioner of Inter-
nal Revenue. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Circuit Court of Appeals for the Seventh Circuit granted.
No. 905. The United States of America, on relation of Chester A.
Willoughby, as Trustee in Bankruptcy, et al., petitioners, v. Sam
Howard and Continental Casualty Company. Petition for writ of
certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the
Seventh Circuit granted.
No. 909. Louis Vogt, Sheriff of Kenton County, Kentucky, peti-
tioner, v. John T. Murphy. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
Circuit Court of Kenton County, Commonwealth of Kentucky,
granted.
No. 911. Iron Ross, as Receiver, etc., petitioner, v. W. V. Knott,
as Treasurer of the State of Florida, et al. Petition for writ of
certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the
Fifth Circuit granted.
No. 934. Joseph K. Willing, Receiver of Commercial National
Bank, Philadelphia, Pennsylvania, petitioner, v. Israel Binenstock,
Individually etc., et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United
States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Third Circuit granted.

MONDAY, MAY 24, 1937
233
No. 916. Guy T. Helvering, Commissioner of Internal Revenue,
petitioner, v. Raymond I. Bashford. Petition for writ of certiorari
to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Third Circuit
granted and the case is assigned for argument immediately following
No. 854.
No. 922. Worcester County Trust Company, executor, petitioner, v.
Ray L. Riley, Controller of the State of California, et al. Petition
for writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals
for the First Circuit granted. The motion of Henry L. Long, Com-
missioner of Corporations and Taxation for the Commonwealth of
Massachusetts, to intervene is granted.
No. 867. Robert W. Halliday and Mabel F. Halliday, petitioners, v.
State of Ohio, ex rel. I. J. Fulton, Superintendent of Banks, etc.;
No. 868. Robert W. Halliday and Mabel F. Halliday, petitioners, v.
State of Ohio, ex rel. I. J. Fulton, Superintendent of Banks, etc.;
and
No. 869. Robert W. Halliday and Mabel F. Halliday, petitioners, v.
State of Ohio, ex rel. I. J. Fulton, Superintendent of Banks, etc.
Petition for writs of certiorari to the Supreme Court of the State of
Ohio denied.
No. 883. L. Robinson Maddox, petitioner, v. Garnett O. Jinkens,
otherwise known as Mrs. Waldo A. Ross. Petition for writ of cer-
tiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the District of
Columbia denied.
No. 891. Hubert F. Laugharn, as Trustee in Bankruptcy, etc., peti-
tioner, v. Bank of America National Trust and Savings Association.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of
Appeals for the Ninth Circuit denied.
No. 892. Rosa B. Hylton, Administratrix, etc., petitioner, v. South-
ern Railway Company. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United
States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Sixth Circuit denied.
No. 894. Chester G. Bollenbach, petitioner, v. Botany Consolidated
Mills, Inc., Debtor, et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Third Circuit
denied.
No. 896. Rayburn Morris, petitioner, v. J. B. Davis, Sheriff of
Grayson County, Texas, et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
Court of Criminal Appeals of the State of Texas denied.
No. 898. Marie Minor Sanborn et al., petitioners, v. Commissioner
of Internal Revenue. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United
States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Eighth Circuit denied.

MONDAY, MAY 24, 1937
234
No. 901. Chicago, St. Paul, Minneapolis, and Omaha Railway
Company, petitioner, v. Delmar E. Kulp, as Administrator of the
Estate of Harry Rice Kulp, deceased. Petition for writ of certiorari
to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Eighth Circuit
denied.
No. 913. Charles W. Nash, petitioner, v. Commissioner of Internal
Revenue. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit
Court of Appeals for the Seventh Circuit denied.
No. 914. John F. Millhaubt, petitioner, v. The State of Kansas.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of the State of
Kansas denied.
No. 915. 164 East 72nd Street Corporation, petitioner, v. Mary
Mulholland Gunder. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United
States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Seventh Circuit denied.
No. 919. The Klee Corporation et al., petitioners, v. George E.
Roosevelt et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Circuit Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit denied.
No. 923. City of Memphis, petitioner, v. Illinois Central Railroad
Co. et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals of
the State of Tennessee denied.
No. 927. F. E. Buffum, as Trustee in Bankruptcy of Henry Joseph
Barceloux, Bankrupt, petitioner, v. Maryland Casualty Company.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of
Appeals for the Ninth Circuit denied.
No. 928. Marshall Keig, Trustee, petitioner, v. Hiram Lloyd et al.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of
Appeals for the Seventh Circuit denied.
No. 929. Movietonews, Inc., et al., petitioners, v. Lucille Z. Alex-
ander, Widow and Prentice Pace Alexander, etc. Petition for writ of
certiorari to the Supreme Court of the State of New York denied.
No. 932. John W. Irvin, petitioner, v. Buick Motor Company and
General Motors Corporation. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Eighth Circuit de-
nied.
No. 940. General Electric Company, petitioner, v. Electric Ma-
chinery Manufacturing Company. Petition for writ of certiorari
to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit
denied.
No. 941. The Southern Boulevard Railroad Company, petitioner,
v. The City of New York. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit de-
nied.

MONDAY, MAY 24, 1937
235
No. 784. Thomas J. Kitcher, petitioner, v. George B. Sherwood.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of
Appeals for the Second Circuit denied.
No. 885. Alexander S. Coplin et al., petitioners, v. The United
States of America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United
States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit denied.
No. 499. Hartridge-Cannon Company et al., petitioners, v. J. W.
Gillespie et al. The motion for leave to file petition for rehearing is
granted. The petition for rehearing is denied.
No. 767. The Waco Development Company, petitioner, v. D. Gor-
don Rupe, Jr., et al. The motion for leave to file a second petition
for rehearing is denied.
No. 49. W. H. H. Chamberlin, Inc., appellant, v. Elmer F. An-
drews, Industrial Commissioner of the State of New York, et al.;
No. 50. E. C. Stearns & Co., appellant, v. Elmer F. Andrews,
Industrial Commissioner of the State of New York, et al.;
No. 64. Associated Industries of New York State, Inc., appellant,
v. The Department of Labor of the State of New York, et al.;
No. 799. John Amaral et al., petitioners, v. Leslie A. Cleary, Indi-
vidually, etc., et al.;
No. 800. John S. Borges et al., petitioners, v. Luther P. Loftis, as
Sheriff, etc., et al.;
No. 801. Joe Affonso et al., petitioners, v. N. L. Cornell, Individ-
ually, etc., et al.;
No. 829. Donald Francis Campbell, petitioner, v. Commissioner of
Internal Revenue; and
No. 873. Albee Godfrey Whale Creek Company, Inc., petitioner, v.
Frances Dingfeldt, Widow of Arthur Dingfeldt, deceased, et al.
Petitions for rehearing denied.
No. 1005. Tennessee Valley Authority et al., petitioners, v. The
Tennessee Electric Power Company et al. Motion to shorten the
time for filing of respondents' brief submitted by Mr. Solicitor
General Reed for the petitioners and the motion denied.
No. 13, original. State of Texas, complainant, v. State of Florida.
Motion for the appointment of a Special Master submitted by Mr.
William McCraw for the complainant.
No. 425. Edgar W. Bassick, petitioner, v. Commissioner of Inter-
nal Revenue; and
No. 426. Jessie S. Perkins, petitioner, v. Commissioner of Internal
Revenue. Motion for leave to file a second petition for rehearing
submitted by Mr. Louis J. Altkrug for the petitioners and the
motion denied.

MONDAY, MAY 24, 1937
236
No., original. Ex parte Annie Sherman et al., petitioners. Mo-
tion for leave to file petition for writ of certiorari submitted by Mr.
Charles Leibman for the petitioners.
No. 102, October Term, 1934. S. Harold Smith, Executor of the
Estate of Samuel B. Smith, deceased, petitioner, v. E. H. Snow et al.
Motion for recall and amendment of the mandate submitted by Mr.
Ralph E. Williamson for the respondents.
No. 102, October Term, 1934. S. Harold Smith, Executor of the
Estate of Samuel B. Smith, deceased, petitioner, v. E. H. Snow et al.
Petition for leave to file in the District Court a petition to file supple-
mental answer and for rehearing submitted by Mr. Ralph E. Wil-
liamson for the respondents.
-
No. In the matter of the Disbarment of Tobias C. Phillips.
Return to the rule to show cause presented.
Adjourned until Tuesday, June 1 next, at 12 o'clock.
☑
97624-37--95

TUESDAY, JUNE 1, 1937
237
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: The Chief Justice, Mr. Justice Van Devanter, Mr.
Justice McReynolds, Mr. Justice Brandeis, Mr. Justice Sutherland,
Mr. Justice Butler, Mr. Justice Stone, Mr. Justice Roberts, and Mr.
Justice Cardozo.
Earle C. Parks, of Belmont, Mass.; John C. Jackson, of Houston,
Tex.; Joe S. Brown, of Houston, Tex.; William B. Barry, of Hollis,
N. Y.; Francis E. Walter, of Easton, Pa.; Charles Dent Fogle, of
Marietta, Ohio; Geo. B. Wells, of Akron, Ohio; George D. O'Brien,
of Detroit, Mich.; Andrew J. Transue, of Flint, Mich.; John P.
Vallilee, of Towanda, Pa.; Vernon C. Rawls, of Lakeland, Fla.;
Louis J. Mazuch, of Kansas City, Mo.; Edgar E. Witt, of Waco,
Tex.; William C. Wiseman, Dayton, Ohio; J. B. Milligan, of Chat-
tanooga, Tenn.; Guss Wilder, of Clearwater, Fla.; Charles Emmet
Hughes, of Belle Plaine, Iowa; Charles G. Casteel, of McCaysville,
Ga., Hugh J. Boyle, of Omaha, Neb.; William J. O'Mahony, of
Great Falls, Mont.; Hal S. Whitten, of Oklahoma City, Okla.;
Elizabeth Baltimore Bell, of Columbus, Ohio; Wm. R. Pringle, of
Cleveland, Ohio; John J. Kendrick, of Toledo, Ohio; Hobart A.
Sailor, of Washington, D. C.; Wendell J. Wright, of Newark, N. J.;
Bernard L. Miller, of New York City; Benjamin Gerard Hartzog,
of Columbia, S. C.; Marston Allen, of Cincinnati, Ohio; Ethel M.
Oats, of East Rockaway, N. Y.; Robert A. Hitch, of Washington,
D. C.; Guernsey T. Cross, of Callicoon, N. Y.; Donald Macleay, of
Washington, D. C.; Elmer J. Whitty, of Chicago, Ill.; Fred B.
Woodard, of Dewey, Okla.; Wm. A. Blakley, of Dallas, Tex.;
Ralph P. Dunn, of Washington, D. C.; Samuel Schwartz, of Los
Angeles, Calif.; J. Raymond Dubee, of Cranston, R. I.; P. Peter
Briola, of Bar Harbor, Me.; Joseph W. Worthen, of Boston, Mass.;
John J. Curran, of Watertown, Mass.; Leo F. Caldwell, of Arling-
ton, Mass.; Henry Pearlman, of Brooklyn, N. Y.; Edward M.
Curran, of Washington, D. C.; Abner Hirsch Goldstone, of New
York City; Samuel E. Richards, of Muskogee, Okla.; Milton J.
Landvoight, of Washington, D. C.; Gertrude H. Smith, of Wash-
ington, D. C.; Wilbur F. Smith, of Washington, D. C.; Felix S.
Cohen, of New York City; Joseph Walsh Stewart, of Washington,
D. C.; Rickard H. Lauritzen, of Washington, D. C.; Mox G. Ruge,
of Chesterton, Ind.; James C. McManaway, of Clarksburg, W. Va.;
97624-37-95

TUESDAY, JUNE 1, 1937
238
Howard J. Lichtenstein, of New York City; John W. Aiken, of
Hickory, N. C.; Virgil P. Randolph, Jr., of Richmond, Va.; Mark
T. Milnor, of Harrisburg, Pa.; David C. Colladay, of Washington,
D. C.; Charles W. Littlefield, of Montclair, N. J.; Telford Taylor,
of New York City; A. Warren Littman, of Newark, N. J.; Loren
P. Oakes, of Chicago, Ill.; Allen W. Clapp, of Atlanta, Ga.; Gene-
vieve A. Wesely, of Washington, D. C.; John Sumner Wood, of
Chevy Chase, Md.; and N. Murry Edwards, of St. Louis, Mo., were
admitted to practice.
No. 824. W. A. Thomas, Collector of Internal Revenue, petitioner,
v. J. J. Perkins, et al. On writ of certiorari to the United States
Circuit Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit. Judgment affirmed
with costs and cause remanded to the District Court of the United
States for the Northern District of Texas. Opinion by Mr. Justice
Butler. Dissenting: Mr. Justice Stone and Mr. Justice Cardozo.
No. 716. Great Lakes Transit Corporation, petitioner, v. Interstate
Steamship Company and Atlantic Mutual Insurance Company et al.
On writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals
for the Sixth Circuit. Decree reversed with costs and cause re-
manded to the District Court of the United States for the Northern
District of Ohio for further proceedings in conformity with the
opinion of this Court. Opinion by Mr. Chief Justice Hughes.
The Chief Justice announced the following orders of the Court:
No. 855. Goodman Lumber Company, appellant, v. The United
States of America, Interstate Commerce Commission, et al. Appeal
from the District Court of the United States for the Eastern Dis-
trict of Wisconsin. Per curiam: The judgment is affirmed. United
States v. American Sheet & Tin Plate Co., - U. S. decided May
17, 1937.
-
-
No. 856. A. O. Smith Corporation, appellant, v. The United States
of America and Interstate Commerce Commission. Appeal from the
District Court of the United States for the Eastern District of Wis-
consin. Per curiam: The judgment is affirmed. United States v.
American Sheet & Tin Plate Co., - U. S. -, decided May 17, 1937.
No. 804. Railroad Commission of the State of California, Leon O.
Whitsell, Wallace L. Ware, et al., appellants, v. Pacific Gas and
Electric Company. Appeal from the District Court of the United
States for the Northern District of California. Per curiam: The
decree is affirmed by an equally divided Court. Mr. Justice Suther-
land took no part in the consideration or decision of this case.

TUESDAY, JUNE 1, 1937
239
No. 988. Marguerite Dolbow, appellant, v. State of New Jersey;
and
No. 989. Norman Driscoll, appellant, v. State of New Jersey. Ap-
peals from the Court of Errors and Appeals of the State of New
Jersey. Per curiam: The appeals herein are dismissed for the want
of a substantial federal question. Hayes v. Missouri, 120 U. S. 68,
71; Brown v. New Jersey, 175 U. S. 172, 175–177; Frank v. Mangum,
237 U. S. 309, 341, 342; Snyder v. Massachusetts, 291 U. S. 97, 105.
No. 1010. The Texas Company and The Maryland Casualty Com-
pany, appellants, v. Howard Dyer, Vehicle Commissioner of the
State of Mississippi. Appeal from the Supreme Court of the State
of Mississippi. Per curiam: The appeal herein is dismissed for the
want of a substantial federal question. Missouri Pacific Railway
Co. v. Humes, 115 U. S. 512, 523; Western Union Telegraph Co. v.
Indiana, 165 U. S. 304, 307, 310; Bankers Trust Co. v. Blodgett, 260
U. S. 647, 651, 652.
No. 1019. Columbus P. Giragi and George A. Giragi, Co-partners,
etc., et al., appellants, v. Thad M. Moore et al., as members of and
constituting the State Tax Commission of Arizona. Appeal from
the Supreme Court of the State of Arizona. Per curiam: The ap-
peal herein is dismissed for the want of a substantial federal ques-
tion. Grosjean v. American Press Co., 297 U. S. 233, 250; Associated
Press v. National Labor Relations Board (decided April 12, 1937,
proof p. 9).
The Chief Justice said:
"The other orders of the Court appear upon the list certified by
the Chief Justice and filed with the Clerk and will not be announced
orally."
No. In re Disbarment of Tobias C. Phillips. Upon considera-
tion of the order of the Circuit Court of Mercer County, West
Virginia, dated May 20, 1937, reinstating Tobias C. Phillips as a
member of the Bar of the courts of the State of West Virginia,
it is ordered that the order of this Court of April 26, 1937, suspend-
ing Tobias C. Phillips from the further practice of law in this
Court, be, and the same is hereby, vacated, and that the Rule to
Show Cause, issued April 26, 1937, be, and the same is hereby, dis-
charged.
-
,
No.-, original. Ex parte Annie Sherman et al., petitioners. The
motion for leave to file a petition for writ of certiorari is denied.
No. original. Ex parte Joseph Poresky, petitioner. The mo-
tion for leave to file a petition for writ of mandamus is denied.
No. —, original. Ex parte Harry C. Robertson, petitioner. The
motion for leave to file a petition for writ of habeas corpus is denied.

TUESDAY, JUNE 1, 1937
240
No. 13, original. State of Texas, complainant, v. State of Florida
et al. The motion for the appointment of a Special Master is
granted, and it is ordered that John S. Flannery, of Washington,
D. C., be, and he is hereby, appointed Special Master in this cause,
with authority to summon witnesses, issue subpenas, and to take such
evidence as may be introduced and such as he may deem it necessary
to call for. The Master is directed to make findings of fact and
conclusions of law, and to submit the same to this Court with all
convenient speed, together with his recommendations for a decree.
The findings, conclusions, and recommendations of the Master shall
be subject to consideration, revision, or approval by the Court. The
allowances to him, the compensation paid to his stenographic and
clerical assistants, and the cost of printing his report shall be
charged against and be borne by the parties in such proportion as
the Court may hereafter direct. If the appointment herein made
of a Master is not accepted, or if the place becomes vacant during
the recess of the Court, the Chief Justice shall have authority to
make a new designation which shall have the same effect as if orig-
inally made by the Court herein.
No. 102, October Term, 1934. S. Harold Smith, Executor etc., peti-
tioner v. E. H. Snow et al., etc. The motion to recall and amend
the mandate is denied. The motion for leave to file a supplemental
answer and petition for rehearing in the United States District
Court for the District of Minnesota is denied, without prejudice
to an application to the District Court which may deal with the
matter unaffected by the mandate of this Court.
No. 940, October Term, 1934. Silas Ezra, suing on behalf of him-
self, individually, etc., petitioner, v. Thomas W. Lamont, et al. The
motion for leave to file a petition for rehearing is denied.
No. 849. The State of Ohio, ex rel. Carl Green, petitioner, v.
Charles E. King, Clerk etc., et al. The motion for leave to file
a second petition for rehearing is denied.
No. 836. Texas & New Orleans Railroad Company et al., peti-
tioners, v. Emma E. Neill et al. The motion of the respondents to
dismiss is denied.
No. 931. J. R. McLeod, as Sheriff of Hillsborough County, Florida,
et al., petitioners, v. Frank E. Cooper, as Trustee etc. The motion
of the respondent for leave to proceed herein in forma pauperis is
denied.
No. 1004. Bayard E. Weibert, petitioner, v. The People of the
State of California. On petition for writ of certiorari to the Dis-
trict Court of Appeals, 2nd Appellate District, State of California.
The motion for leave to proceed further herein in forma pauperis
herein is denied for the reason that the Court, upon examination of

TUESDAY, JUNE 1, 1937
241
the papers herein submitted, finds no ground upon which a writ
of certiorari should be granted. The petition for writ of certiorari
is therefore also denied.
No. 1037. Opal Abrams Madison, joined pro forma by her hus-
band, Curtis Madison, et al., petitioners, v. Phillips Petroleum Com-
pany. On petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Cir-
cuit Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit. The motion for leave
to proceed further herein in forma pauperis is denied for the reason.
that the Court, upon examination of the papers herein submitted,
finds no ground upon which a writ of certiorari should be granted.
The petition for writ of certiorari is therefore also denied. Mr.
Justice Roberts took no part in the consideration or decision of this
application.
No. 994. The United States of America et al., appellants, v. W. V.
Griffin and H. W. Purvis, Receivers for Georgia & Florida Railroad;
and
No. 1000. Puget Sound Stevedoring Company, appellant, v. The
Tax Commission of the State of Washington et al., etc. In these
cases probable jurisdiction is noted.
No. 40. The Atlantic Refining Company, appellant, v. Common-
wealth of Virginia; and
No. 713. Chester C. Dodge et al., appellants, v. Board of Education
of the City of Chicago et al. It is ordered that these cases be restored
to the docket for reargument.
No. 552. E. Pat Kelly, as Director, etc., et al., petitioners, v. State
of Washington, on the relation of Foss Company, Inc., et al. This
case is assigned for reargument, with direction to the Clerk to give
notice to the Attorney General of the United States who is requested
to present the views of the Government upon the question whether
Chapter 200 of the Laws of 1907 of the State of Washington, or the
action of the officers of the State thereunder, conflicts with the au-
thority of the United States or with the action of its officers under
the Acts of Congress. Brief may be filed by the Government on or
before September 4, 1937, with leave to the respective parties to file
briefs in reply on or before October 1, 1937.
No. 625. Ernest K. James, Individually and as State Tax Commis-
sioner of the State of West Virginia, appellant, v. The Dravo Con-
tracting Company;
No. 773. Silas Mason Company, Inc., et al., appellants, v. Tax
Commissioner of the State of Washington et al.; and
No. 774. David H. Ryan, appellant, v. The State of Washington
et al. These cases are assigned for reargument, with direction to
the Clerk to give notice to the Attorney General of the United States
who is requested to present the views of the Government upon the

TUESDAY, JUNE 1, 1937
242
question (1) as to jurisdiction over the areas in which the work of
the several contractors is being performed, and (2) whether the
state tax imposes a burden upon the Government. Briefs may be
filed by the Government on or before September 4, 1937, with leave
to the respective parties to file briefs in reply on or before October
1, 1937.
No. 910. Guy T. Helvering, Commissioner of Internal Revenue,
et al., petitioners, v. George P. Davis. On consideration of the
opinion filed in this cause on May 24, 1937, it is ordered that the fol-
lowing amendments be made therein:
1. The last paragraph on page 4, continuing for two lines on page
5, is amended to read as follows:
"A petition for certiorari followed. It was filed by the intervening
defendants, the Commissioner and the Collector, and brought two
questions, and two only, to our notice. We were asked to determine:
(1) "Whether the tax imposed upon employers by Section 804 of
the Social Security Act is within the power of Congress under the
Constitution," and (2) "whether the validity of the tax imposed upon
employees by Section 801 of the Social Security Act is properly
in issue in this case, and if it is, whether that tax is within the
power of Congress under the Constitution." The defendant corpo-
ration gave notice to the Clerk that it joined in the petition but it
has taken no part in any subsequent proceedings. A writ of cer-
tiorari issued."
2. The words "decree for an injunction” on the ninth line of page
5 are struck out, and the words "equitable remedy" are substituted.
3. In the title of the cause the word "Petitioners" where it now
appears is struck out, and inserted following the name of the Edison.
Electric Illuminating Company of Boston.
No. 943. Fidelity & Deposit Company of Maryland, petitioner, v.
Louis H. Pink, Superintendent of Insurance of the State of New
York, etc. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Circuit Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit granted. The
Chief Justice took no part in the consideration or decision of this
application.
No. 991. Gertrude Kay, alias Gertrude Klein, petitioner, v. The
United States of America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit
granted. Mr. Justice Cardozo took no part in the consideration or
decision of this application.
No. 924. The National City Bank of New York, petitioner, v. The
People of the Philippine Islands. Petition for writ of certiorari to
the Supreme Court of the Commonwealth of the Philippines granted.

TUESDAY, JUNE 1, 1937
243
No. 945. Harry H. Woodring, Secretary of War of the United
States of America, et al., petitioners, v. Clarksburg-Columbus Short
Route Bridge Company. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
United States Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia
granted.
No. 946. Aetna Insurance Company, petitioner, v. Illinois Central
Railroad Company. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme
Court of the State of Illinois granted.
No. 960. James D. Smyth, Executor, etc., petitioner, v. The United
States. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Claims
granted.
No. 961. The Dixie Terminal Company, petitioner, v. The United
States. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Claims
granted.
No. 963. Phillips-Jones Corporation, Individually, and Annie G.
Phillips, et al., petitioners, v. C. S. Parmley et al. Petition for writ
of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the
Third Circuit granted.
No. 986. Guy T. Helvering, Commissioner of Internal Revenue,
petitioner, v. Bradley W. Palmer. Petition for writ of certiorari to
the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the First Circuit
granted.
No. 993. Textile Machine Works, petitioner, v. Louis Hirsch Tex-
tile Machines, Inc. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United.
States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit granted.
No. 939. David A. Wright, petitioner, v. The United States. Peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the Court of Claims granted.
No. 1024. Alabama Power Company, petitioner, v. Harold L.
Ickes, as Federal Emergency Administrator of Public Works, et al.;
No. 1025. Alabama Power Company, petitioner, v. Harold L.
Ickes, as Federal Emergency Administrator of Public Works, et al.;
and
No. 1026. Iowa City Light and Power Company, petitioner, v.
Harold L. Ickes, as Federal Emergency Administrator of Public
Works, et al. Petition for writs of certiorari to the United States
Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia granted.
No. 1027. William D. Frad, petitioner, v. John J. Kelly, United
States Marshal, etc. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United
States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit granted.
No. 874. Jose Garcia, petitioner, v. The People of the Philippine
Islands. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of
the Commonwealth of the Philippines denied.

TUESDAY, JUNE 1, 1937
244
No. 908. J. A. Herring, petitioner, v. State of Oklahoma. Peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the Criminal Court of Appeals, State
of Oklahoma, denied.
No. 917. G. E. Ellingson, Substituted for J. C. Scully, Receiver,
etc., petitioner, v. Pacific States Savings and Loan Company et al.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of
Appeals for the Ninth Circuit denied.
No. 918. Samuel H. Davis, petitioner, v. The United States of
America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Cir-
cuit Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit denied.
No. 921. New York Trust Company, Executor, Estate of John C.
Leslie, petitioner, v. The United States of America. Petition for
writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for
the Second Circuit denied.
No. 931. J. R. McLeod, as Sheriff of Hillsborough County, Florida,
et al., petitioners, v. Frank E. Cooper, as Trustee, etc. Petition for
writ of ceriorari to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for
the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 933. Gulf, Mobile & Northern Railroad Company et al., peti-
tioners, v. L. C. Kelly. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme
Court of the State of Mississippi denied.
No. 935. Thomas P. Ratigan, Jr., petitioner, v. The United States
of America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Circuit Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit denied.
No. 936. Fan Shan Hang, Claimant, etc., et al., petitioners, v. M.
Prestlien. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Cir-
cuit Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit denied.
No. 937. Margaret W. Long et al., Trustees, etc., petitioners, v.
John Stites et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United
States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Sixth Circuit denied.
No. 942. Elmer W. Brandes, Guardian, etc., petitioner, v. Norman
B. Pitcairn et al. etc. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United
States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Sixth Circuit denied.
No. 949. H. G. Roby et al., petitioners, v. Ray M. Dunnett et al.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of
Appeals for the Tenth Circuit denied.
No. 950. The Pullman Company, petitioner, v. Edward Webster.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of the State of
Ohio denied.
No. 951. Richard M. Cadwalader, Jr., petitioner, v. Commissioner
of Internal Revenue. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United
States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Third Circuit denied.

TUESDAY, JUNE 1, 1937
245
No. 952. Pedro Albizu Campos et al., petitioners, v. The United
States of America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United
States Circuit Court of Appeals for the First Circuit denied.
No. 953. Sam S. Fox, petitioner, v. The United States of America.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of
Appeals for the Second Circuit denied.
No. 954. Leslie Ravenscroft et al., etc., petitioners, v. The United
States of America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United
States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit denied.
No. 955. Massachusetts Bonding & Insurance Company, petitioner,
v. John R. Thompson Company. Petition for writ of certiorari to
the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Eighth Circuit
denied.
No. 956. Independent Workers of Clayton Mark & Company et al.,
petitioners, v. L. W. Beman, Individually and as Regional Director
of the National Labor Relations Board etc., et al. Petition for writ
of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the
Seventh Circuit denied.
No. 959. Samuel C. Duberstein, as Trustee, etc., petitioner, v.
Samuel Keil et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United
States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit denied.
No. 964. Robert B. Updike, petitioner, v. Commissioner of Internal
Revenue. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit
Court of Appeals for the Eighth Circuit denied.
No. 970. Jacob Shapiro, petitioner, v. The United States of Amer-
ica. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit
Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit denied.
No. 977. Max Nacht and Jacob Terner, petitioners, v. The United
States of America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United
States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit denied.
No. 980. Annie Sherman et al., petitioners, v. 333 North Michigan
Avenue Building Corporation et al. Petition for writ of certiorari
to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Seventh Cir-
cuit denied.
No. 992. Frank J. Denniston, petitioner, v. The United States of
America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit
Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit denied.
No. 995. Electric Bond and Share Company et al., petitioners, v.
Securities and Exchange Commission et al. Petition for writ of
certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the
Second Circuit denied.
No. 957. August Balter et al., petitioners, v. Harold L. Ickes, In-
dividually etc., et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United
States Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia denied.
97624-37-96

TUESDAY, JUNE 1, 1937
246
No. 1003. T. L. Talley and Corbar Corporation, petitioners, v. Fox
Film Corporation et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United
States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit denied.
No. 1005. Tennessee Valley Authority et al., petitioners, v. The
Tennessee Electric Power Company et al. Petition for writ of cer-
tiorari to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Sixth
Circuit denied.
No. 1017. El Paso Electric Company et al., petitioners, v. Edwin
A. Elliott, Regional Director of the National Labor Relations Board,
et al.; and
No. 1018. C. S. Perrin et al., petitioners, v. Edwin A. Elliott,
Regional Director of the National Labor Relations Board, et al.
Petition for writs of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of
Appeals for the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 971. Lloyd T. Williams et al., petitioners, v. Great Lakes
Terminal Warehouse Company of Toledo, Debtor, et al. Petition for
writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for
the Sixth Circuit denied.
No. 979. Harriett D. Ray, Administratrix, etc., petitioner, v. Com-
missioner of Internal Revenue. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Seventh Circuit
denied.
No. 1006. Howe Totten, petitioner, v. John C. Harlowe & Elva D.
Harlowe et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia denied.
No. 805. National Electric Products Corporation, petitioner, v.
Circle Flexible Conduit Co., Inc., et al.;
No. 857. Lillian Clawans, petitioner, v. District of Columbia;
No. 889. Paysoff Tinkoff, petitioner, v. The United States of
America; and
No. 919. The Klee Corporation et al., petitioners, v. George E.
Roosevelt et al. Petitions for rehearing denied.
The Chief Justice announced the following order:
ORDER
All cases submitted and all business before the Court at this term
having been disposed of,
It is ordered by this Court that all cases on the docket be, and
they are hereby, continued to the next term.
Adjourned to the time and place appointed by law.

TUESDAY, JUNE 1, 1937
247
By order of the Chief Justice the following correspondence
between the Court and Mr. Justice Van Devanter is appended to the
minutes of June 1, 1937.
Supreme CoURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Washington, D. C.
June 2, 1937.
DEAR JUSTICE VAN DEVANTER:
Your decision to avail yourself of the rights and privileges speci-
fied in the recent retirement act gives us a poignant sense of regret
at the loss of the close association it has been our privilege to enjoy
for so many years. Your temperament and industry, your exact
knowledge of precedents and practice, and your precision of state-
ment, have enabled you to render an invaluable service in our con-
ferences, and your labors have entered into the very warp and woof
of the jurisprudence of the Court. You will carry into your retire-
ment the assurance of our high esteem and warm affection and we
trust that you will have many years of continued vigor. We shall
greatly miss your wise counsel and delightful companionship.
Faithfully yours,
CHARLES E. HUGHES,
J. C. MCREYNOLDS,
LOUIS D. BRANDEIS,
GEO. SUTHERLAND,
PIERCE BUTLER,
HARLAN F. STONE,
OWEN J. ROBERTS,
BENJAMIN N. CARDOZO.
Mr. Justice VAN DEVANTER.
MY DEAR BRETHREN:
WILLIS VAN DEVANTER
2101 Connecticut Avenue
Washington, D. C.
June 2, 1937.
I am grateful for your generous words of esteem and affection.
Intimate association with you in the work of the Court has been to
me both enjoyable and inspiring; and I shall carry into my retire-
ment happy memories of that association, together with profound
respect and true affection for each and all of
Cordially and sincerely yours,
The CHIEF JUSTICE and
you.
WILLIS VAN DEVANTER.
ASSOCIATE JUSTICES OF THE SUPREME COURT.
☑