I
OCTOBER TERM, 1937
STATISTICS
Number of cases on docket….
Cases disposed of ___
Remaining on docket_
Cases disposed of-
By written opinions_
By per curiam opinions_
Original
Appellate Total
22
223
1,069 1,091
9
13
1,004
65
1,013
78
By denial or dismissal of petitions for certiorari.
By motion to dismiss or per stipulation____
Number of written opinions_
Number of admissions to bar__
REFERENCE INDEX
180
102
724
7
152
1,094
Sutherland, J., correspondence upon retirement.
Black, J., announcement of nomination and confirmation_.
Reed, J., commission read and oath taken (January 31, 1938).
Robert H. Jackson, Solicitor General, presented.
Frank K. Green, Marshal, death of, announced_
Page
128
1
146
188
237
248
167
58, 160
160
– 161, 181, 190
177, 230
Thomas Ennalls Waggaman appointed Marshal (May 2, 1938) –
Court's expression of sympathy to Mr. Justice Butler upon
death of his son__.
Allotment of Justices__
Disbarment, in the matter of-
J. William Tomlinson
C. L. Kagey--
John L. Lotsch……….
George B. Hayes ____
Rules of Procedure for the District Courts adopted and trans-
mitted to the Attorney General with request that he report
them to the Congress (December 20, 1937) _.
Advisory committee on Rules of Procedure-Court's expression
of appreciation of services___
Rules, Rule 4612 promulgated___.
Rules, amendment to Rule 38, par. 5 (b).
Criminal Rules, amendment to Rule II, par. (3)
19746-38-
-97
,
87, 132
115
143
132
272
272

II
Bankruptcy:
Rule XVIII, par. 4 of the General Orders amended____
Rule LII of the General Orders amended by inserting a
new paragraph (4) ---
Rule LII, par. 4, of the General Orders amended
Rule LIII of the General Orders amended_
Rule LIII of the General Orders suspended until further
order of the Court in view of pending legislation_
Amicus curiae, Attorney General of the United States invited
to file brief presenting views of the Government (No. 303) -
Amicus curiae-leave granted Federal Power Commission to
appear and present oral argument. Court directed Clerk's
office that such a brief must be signed by the Solicitor Gen-
eral (No. 804 O. T. 1936).
Page
79
79
98
158
201
12
65
52, 133, 215, 231
Notice to Attorney General under Act of August 24, 1937
(Nos. 437, 870, 715–16) –
Opinion amended (No. 202 O. T. 1935). See index to 1936
Term Journal for prior proceedings in this case. Following
the Court's opinion on rehearing (May 24, 1937) a peti-
tion for rehearing was filed (June 15, 1937). This peti-
tion was denied and the opinion amended (October 11,
1937). A motion for leave to file a second petition for re-
hearing was filed (November 8, 1937) and granted and the
petition denied (November 15, 1937) -
Opinions amended (Nos. 21, 13, 161, 511, 357, 313) ----
7,65, 76
93, 201,
231, 254, 274
119
49
Oral argument had in original action following suspension of
call of docket (No. 21, original).
268
Dissenting opinion to per curiam (No. 90)
Oral argument ordered following submission on briefs (No.
28)---
Moot case-on consideration of petition for certiorari Court
ordered that rule issue requiring petitioner to show cause
why cause should not be dismissed as moot (No. 414) 60, 104
Moot case-motion to reverse on that ground granted
(No. 39) __
Cross-appeal held not necessary to raise question in court below
(No. 12)
-
Certiorari under Sec. 262 of the Judicial Code. (See index to
1936 Term Journal). The first such application granted was
No., original. Ex parte Heyman (pp. 2, 8, 87). Follow-
ing action in this case the Clerk's office was directed to ob-
serve the following procedure on such applications: Upon
the presentation of the papers for filing, counsel for the peti-
107, 112
41

III
tioner shall be directed immediately to make service and to
advise opposing counsel that a brief in opposition may be
filed within the time provided in Rule 38. When the oppo-
sition brief is received or the time for filing has expired the
Clerk will present the motion for leave to file to the Court.
The Court will grant the motion for leave to file disposing of
the petition for certiorari on its merits (e. g. No. 14, origi-
nal) _____
Certiorari denied for failure to file in time (Nos. 212, 416,
857) ___
Page
66,74
9, 60, 205
17,60,275
Certiorari denied for want of final judgment (Nos. 111, 163,
450, 986)
Certiorari denied "on ground that the application has been
made prior to judgment in the Circuit Court of Appeals"
(No. 398). This was an application before judgment under
Sec. 240 (a) Judicial Code____.
Certiorari denied without prejudice to right to apply for rein-
statement in case a new trial not awarded (No. 525) ----
Certiorari dismissed as premature (No. 891).
Motion to extend time for filing certiorari referred to entire
Court and denied (Ex parte Tinkoff).
Motion to shorten time for filing brief opposing petition for
certiorari granted (No. 915) ---
Motion to defer consideration made following argument and
submission to afford counsel opportunity to request state
court for additional record which would show appropriately
the basis of its determination of federal question (No.
366) ………
(See also No. 215) ----
Motion as to printing record (No. 422, 738) --
17
94
246
87
235
157, 190
253
9,152,170
9
Motion to proceed on typewritten record granted and Clerk
directed to print (No. 378).
2, 107, 112
17
Motion to file affidavit to supplement record denied (No. 243) - 149
Motion and stipulation to reverse (Nos. 86, 39) ----
Motion for substitution granted upon consideration of petition
for certiorari which was denied (No. 289).
Motion as to bias and prejudice denied (No. 229).
Motion to recall mandate denied without prejudice to applica-
tion to state court (No. 660 O. T. 1936) --
Motion of petitioner to dismiss following argument granted
over objection (No. 633)--
Motion to intervene (No. 9, original).
Motion to stay injunction denied (No. 396) ---
Motion for supersedeas denied (No. 649) ---
65,74
105
196, 199
217, 231, 248, 254
93
150

IV
Motion for stay granted (Nos. 978, 396)
Page
231,267
Motions and suggestions challenging the qualification of a
member of this Court (No. -, original, Ex parte Kelly; No.
original, Ex parte Levitt; No. -, original, Ex parte
Taylor; Nos. 353–4–5) ___
,
2, 4, 5, 65, 67
Application for rule to particularize denied (No. 16, origi-
nal)___
Rehearing granted (No. 804 O. T. 1936, 163, 396, 674–5–6,
357)
Rehearing denied with opinion (No. 581) --
Order suspending call of docket...
Adjournment order___
171, 177
32, 63, 274
271
235
278
U. S. GOVERNMENT PRINTING OFFICE: 1938

MONDAY, OCTOBER 4, 1937
1
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: The Chief Justice, Mr. Justice McReynolds, Mr. Justice
Brandeis, Mr. Justice Sutherland, Mr. Justice Butler, Mr. Justice
Stone, Mr. Justice Roberts, Mr. Justice Cardozo, and Mr. Justice.
Black.
Maurice Rose, of New York City; Max Spelke, of Stamford,
Conn.; John C. Gall, of Washington, D. C.; Rose S. Phillips, of Los
Angeles, Calif.; Gordon Lawson, of Los Angeles, Calif.; John R.
Todd, Jr., of Kingsport, Tenn.; Bernard H. Fitzpatrick, of New
York City; James A. Hanley, of Franklin, N. H.; Edwin R. Boyd,
of Washington, D. C.; Macey E. Klein, of Harrisburg, Pa.; Solomon
Hurwitz, of Harrisburg, Pa.; Blanchard S. Tual, of Rogers, Ark.;
John R. Stivers, of Knoxville, Tenn.; Thomas F. Ryan, of Reno,
Nev.; Joseph V. Heffernan, of Washington, D. C.; John W. Bon-
ner, of Helena, Mont.; Josiah Marvel, Jr., of Wilmington, Del.;
John N. Cramer, of Los Angeles, Calif.; David F. Anderson, of Wil-
mington, Del.; Louis N. Goessy, of Kansas City, Mo.; David Gold-
stein, of Asbury Park, N. J.; Israel T. Deyo, of Binghamton, N. Y.;
Martin W. Deyo, of Binghamton, N. Y.; George T. Altman, of Los
Angeles, Calif.; Clifford A. Sheldon, of Lake Mills, Iowa; Henry J.
Camby, of East Orange, N. J.; Wheeler Grey, of Washington, D. C.;
Joseph E. McElvain, of Washington, D. C.; Robert P. McArdle, of
Chicago, Ill.; Edward J. McArdle, Jr., of Chicago, Ill.; H. Hamlin
Hodges, of Bethesda, Md.; Frederic A. Millerd, of Long Beach,
Calif.; John McLean Clifford, of Long Beach, Calif.; John F. Mc-
Carthy, of Long Beach, Calif.; John E. McAniff, of New York City;
J. Flipper Derricotte, of Washington, D. C.; Jay D. Bradley, of
Atlanta, Ga.; Bernard James Weafer, of Atlanta, Ga.; Boyd Lee
Spahr, of Philadelphia, Pa.; Francis J. Duffy, of Yonkers, N. Y.;
Carlton M. Robson, of Kalamazoo, Mich.; and Clyde A. McCoy, of
Ft. Wayne, Ind., were admitted to practice.
The Chief Justice said:
"Mr. Hugo L. Black of Alabama, former member of the Senate of
the United States, has been nominated by the President for the office
of Associate Justice of this Court and his nomination has been con-
19746-37--1

MONDAY, OCTOBER 4, 1937
2
firmed by the Senate. He has presented his commission which will
be filed together with his oath which he has heretofore taken in the
form prescribed by law.".
-
No. Ex parte Patrick Henry Kelly. Mr. Patrick Henry Kelly
submitted a motion requesting a hearing on the title of Mr. Justice
Black as a member of this Court.
No. -, original. Ex parte Albert Lévitt, petitioner. Mr. Albert
Lévitt submitted a motion for leave to file a petition for an order
requiring Mr. Justice Black to show cause why he should be per-
mitted to serve as an Associate Justice of this Court.
No. 256. State of Indiana, ex rel. Dorothy Anderson, petitioner, v.
Harry Brand, Trustee, etc. Leave granted to file brief of respondent
in opposition to petition for writ of certiorari on motion of Mr.
George C. Gertman for the respondent.
No. 32. Iron Ross, as Receiver of the First National Bank of Perry,
etc., petitioner, v. W. V. Knott, as Treasurer of the State of Florida,
et al. M. G. McNair, present Receiver of the First National Bank
of Perry, substituted as the party petitioner in place of Iron Ross,
former Receiver, on motion of Mr. George P. Barse for the petitioner.
No. 411. Royal Indemnity Company et al., petitioners, v. Robert J.
Hoage, Deputy Commissioner, etc., et al. Frank A. Cardillo, present
Deputy Commissioner for the District of Columbia, United States
Employees' Compensation Commission, substituted as a party re-
spondent in place of Robert J. Hoage, former Deputy Commissioner,
on motion of Mr. Frank H. Myers for the petitioners.
No. -, original. Ex parte L. H. Heymann et al., petitioners. Mo-
tion for leave to file petition for writ of certiorari submitted by Mr.
John M. Lee and Mr. Walter E. Wiles for the petitioners.
No. 3, original. State of Wisconsin et al., complainants, v. State of
Illinois et al.;
No. 4, original. State of Michigan et al., complainants, v. State of
Illinois et al.; and
No. 5, original. State of New York et al., complainants, v. State of
Illinois et al. Semi-annual report of defendant Sanitary District of
Chicago dated July 1, 1937, presented.
No. 7, original. Commonwealth of Kentucky, complainant, v. State
of Indiana. Report No. 15 of the defendant, State of Indiana, pre-
sented.
No. 86. Iowa City Light and Power Company, petitioner, v. Harold
L. Ickes, as Federal Emergency Administrator of Public Works,
et al. On writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals

Х
MONDAY, OCTOBER 4, 1937
3
for the District of Columbia. Pursuant to a stipulation of counsel
the decree of the Court of Appeals is reversed and the cause is re-
manded to the District Court of the United States for the District of
Columbia with directions to vacate its decree and to dismiss the
proceeding upon the ground that the cause is moot.
Adjourned until Monday next at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Monday, October 11, will be as follows: Nos. 1, 2,
3, 7, 8, 68, 4, 5, 6, and 11.

MONDAY, OCTOBER 11, 1937
4
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: The Chief Justice, Mr. Justice McReynolds, Mr. Justice
Brandeis, Mr. Justice Sutherland, Mr. Justice Butler, Mr. Justice
Stone, Mr. Justice Roberts, Mr. Justice Cardozo, and Mr. Justice
Black.
Henry A. Julicher, of New York City; Chas. Rosenbaum. of New
York City; Lorin W. Willis, of Bridgeport, Conn.; Frank M. Head-
ley, of Omaha, Nebr.; John Ambler, of Seattle, Wash.; Ray L.
Strother, of Clarksburg, W. Va.; Ruth L. Waltner, of Jefferson City,
Mo.; Harry G. Waltner, Jr., of Jefferson City, Mo.; Joseph Edward
Hartman, of Indianapolis, Ind.; John W. Van Gordon, of New York.
City; Aaron U. Homnick, of New York City; H. P. Robinson, of
St. Louis, Mo.; Harold R. Lair, of Syracuse. N. Y.; and Gerald R.
Redding, of Indianapolis, Ind., were admitted to practice.
The Chief Justice announced the following orders of the Court:
No. -, original. Ex parte Albert Lévitt, petitioner. Motion for
leave to file a petition for an order requiring Mr. Justice Black to
show cause why he should be permitted to serve as an Associate
Justice of this Court. Per curiam: The grounds of this motion are
that the appointment of Mr. Justice Black by the President and the
confirmation thereof by the Senate of the United States were null
and void by reason of his ineligibility under Article I, Section 6,
Clause 2, of the Constitution of the United States, and because there
was no vacancy for which the appointment could lawfully be made.
The motion papers disclose no interest upon the part of the petitioner
other than that of a citizen and a member of the bar of this Court.
That is insufficient. It is an established principle that to entitle a
private individual to invoke the judicial power to determine the
validity of executive or legislative action he must show that he has
sustained or is immediately in danger of sustaining a direct injury
as the result of that action and it is not sufficient that he has merely
a general interest common to all members of the public. Tyler v.
Judges, 179 U. S. 405, 406; Southern Railway Company v. King,
217 U. S. 524, 534; Newman v. Frizzell, 238 U. S. 537, 549, 550;
Fairchild v. Hughes, 258 U. S. 126, 129; Massachusetts v. Mellon,
262 U. S. 447, 488. The motion is denied.
19746-37-2

MONDAY, OCTOBER 11, 1937
5
No. -, original. Ex parte Patrick Henry Kelley, petitioner.
Motion for hearing on the title of Mr. Justice Black as a member of
this Court. Per Curiam: The motion is denied. Ex parte Albert
Lévitt, decided this day.
No. 99. Eureka Productions, Inc., appellant, v. Herbert H. Lehman,
as Governor of the State of New York, et al. Appeal from the
District Court of the United States for the Southern District of
New York. Per curiam: The motion of the appellees to affirm is
granted and the order denying an interlocutory injunction is affirmed.
(1) Alabama v. United States, 279 U. S. 229, 231; United Gas Co. v.
Public Service Commission, 278 U. S. 322, 326; National Accounting
Co. v. Dorman, 295 U. S. 718. (2) Mutual Film Corp. v. Ohio
Industrial Comm., 236 U. S. 230, 240, 241; Mutual Film Corp. v.
Kansas, 236 U. S. 248, 258.
No. 100. The Pure Oil Company, appellant, v. Oklahoma Tax Com-
mission. Appeal from the Supreme Court of the State of Okla-
homa. Per curiam: The appeal herein is dismissed for the want
of a substantial federal question. Continental Baking Co. v. Wood-
ring, 286 U. S. 352, 372, 373; Hicklin v. Coney, 290 U. S. 169, 174–177;
Aero Transit Co. v. Georgia Commission, 295 U. S. 285, 290, 291;
Evans Terry Co. v. Mississippi 296 U. S. 538. Mr. Justice Suther-
land took no part in the consideration or decision of this case.
No. 120. Tommie Walls, appellant, v. State of North Carolina.
Appeal from the Supreme Court of the State of North Carolina;
No. 376. Anthony Dallao, appellant, v. State of Louisiana ; and
No. 377. Joseph Ugarte, appellant, v. State of Louisiana. Appeals
from the Supreme Court of the State of Louisiana. Per curiam:
The appeals herein are dismissed for the want of jurisdiction. Sec-
tion 237 (a), Judicial Code, as amended by the Act of February 13,
1925 (43 Stat. 936, 937). Treating the papers whereon the appeals
were allowed as petitions for writs of certiorari, as required by sec-
tion 237 (c), Judicial Code, as amended (43 Stat. 936, 938), certiorari
is denied. The motions for leave to proceed further herein in forma
pauperis are denied.
No. 150. Anna Witzelberg, appellant, v. The City of Cincinnati,
William F. Hess, Auditor, etc., et al. Appeal from the Supreme
Court of the State of Ohio. Per curiam: The motion of the ap-
pellees to dismiss the appeal is granted and the appeal is dismissed
(1) for the want of a properly presented federal question, Clarke v.
McDade, 165 U. S. 168, 172; Chesapeake & Ohio Ry. Co. v. McDonald,
214 U. S. 191, 193; Hiawassee Power Co. v. Carolina-Tenn. Co., 252
U. S. 341, 343; (2) for the want of a substantial federal question,
Ballard v. Hunter, 204 U. S. 241, 262; North Laramie Land Co. v.
Hoffman, 268 U. S. 276, 283.

MONDAY, OCTOBER 11, 1937
6
No. 159. Spencer Coleman, appellant, v. City of Griffin. Appeal
from the Court of Appeals of the State of Georgia. Per curiam:
The appeal herein is dismissed (1) for the want of a substantial
federal question, Reynolds v. United States, 98 U. S. 145, 166, 167;
Davis v. Beason, 133 U. S. 333, 342, 343; (2) for the want of a
properly presented federal question, Erie Railroad Co. v. Purdy,
185 U. S. 148, 154; Herndon v. Georgia, 295 U. S. 441, 443.
No. 205. Elizabeth Myers, Administratrix of the estate of Robert
W. Myers, deceased, appellant, v. The Atchison, Topeka and Santa Fe
Railway Company. Appeal from the Supreme Court of the State
of Oklahoma; and
No. 341. Owen Couche, appellant, v. State of Louisiana. Appeal
from the Supreme Court of the State of Louisiana. Per curiam:
The appeals herein are dismissed for the want of jurisdiction. Sec-
tion 237 (a), Judicial Code, as amended by the Act of February 13,
1925 (43 Stat. 936, 937). Treating the papers whereon the appeals
were allowed as petitions for writs of certiorari, as required by sec-
tion 237 (c), Judicial Code, as amended (43 Stat. 936, 938), cer-
tiorari is denied.
No. 210. John Noorman, appellant, v. The Department of Public
Works and Buildings of the State of Illinois, etc., et al. Appeal
from the Supreme Court of the State of Illinois. Per curiam: The
appeal herein is dismissed for the want of a substantial federal ques-
tion. Iowa Central Railroad Co. v. Iowa, 160 U. S. 389, 393; Gas-
quet v. Lapeyre, 242 U. S. 367, 369, 370; Kammerer v. Kroeger, 299
U. S. 302, 304.
No. 254. The Diocese of Olympia, Inc., appellant, v. William H.
Pemberton, Supervisor of Inheritance Tax and Escheat Division of
the State of Washington, et al. Appeal from the Supreme Court
of the State of Washington. Per curiam: The motion for leave to
file a supplemental statement as to jurisdiction is granted. The
appeal herein is dismissed for the want of a substantial federa!
question. Stebbins v. Riley, 268 U. S. 137, 144, 145.
No. 267. Bert Vilas, appellant, v. Iowa State Board of Assessment
and Review et al. Appeal from the Supreme Court of the State of
Iowa. Per curium: The appeal herein is dismissed for the want of
a substantial federal question. Lawrence v. State Tax Comm., 286
U. S. 276, 283, 284; Zucht v. King, 260 U. S. 174, 176; Roe v. Kansas,
278 U. S. 191, 192; Texas & Pacific Ry. Co. v. Texas, 296 U. S. 552.
No. 276. Katheryn Marie Louise Ashley Felton Elkins, a Minor,
by her next friend, George B. Clothier et al., appellants, v. Land
Title Bank and Trust Company et al.; and
No. 277. Charles Joseph Christian de Guigne, 3d, and George
B. Clothier, Trustee, etc., appellants, v. Land Title Bank and Trust

MONDAY, OCTOBER 11, 1937
7
Company et al. Appeals from the Supreme Court of the Common-
wealth of Pennsylvania. Per curiam: The motion of the appellees.
to dismiss the appeals is granted and the appeals are dismissed (1)
for the want of a properly presented federal question, Godchaux
Co. v. Estopinal, 251 U. S. 179; Rooker v. Fidelity Trust Co., 261
U. S. 114, 117; Mississippi Central R. Co. v. Aultman 296 U. S. 537;
and (2) for the reason that the judgments sought herein to be re-
viewed are based upon a non-federal ground adequate to support
them, Henderson Bridge Co. v. Henderson City, 141 U. S. 679, 688;
McCoy v. Shaw, 277 U. S. 302, 303; Southern Nebraska Power Co. v.
Nebraska, 299 U. S. 520.
No. 296. Grace Lela Potter, Administratrix of the Estate of
Charles E. Potter, deceased, appellant, v. Mildred Young, Mrs. Dor-
othy Lee et al. Appeal from the Supreme Court of the State of
Arkansas. Per curiam: The appeal herein is dismissed for the want
of a properly presented federal question. Godchaux Co. v. Estopinal,
251 U. S. 179; Rooker v. Fidelity Trust Co., 261 U. S. 114, 117; Mis-
sissippi Central R. Co. v. Aultman, 296 U. S. 537.
No. 321. Charles G. Johnson, as Treasurer of the State of Cali-
fornia, et al., appellants, v. M. G. West Company. Appeal from the
District Court of Appeal, 3d Appellate District, State of California.
Per curiam: The motion of the appellee to dismiss the appeal is
granted and the appeal is dismissed for the want of jurisdiction.
Section 237 (a), Judicial Code, as amended by the Act of February
13, 1925 (43 Stat. 936, 937). The petition for certiorari is denied.
No. 373. Lawrence E. Carlson, Administrator of the Estate of
William E. Koch, deceased, appellant, v. Lloyd Kesler, Harry Kesler,
Also known as Harry E. Kesler, Partners, etc., et al. Appeal from
the Supreme Court of the State of Indiana. Per curiam: The mo-
tion of the appellees to dismiss the appeal is granted and the appeal
is dismissed for the want of jurisdiction. Section 237 (a), Judicial
Code, as amended by the Act of February 13, 1925 (43 Stat. 936,
937). Treating the papers whereon the appeal was allowed as a
petition for a writ of certiorari, as required by section 237 (c),
Judicial Code, as amended (43 Stat. 936, 938), certiorari is denied.
The Chief Justice said:
"The other orders of the Court appear upon the list certified by
the Chief Justice and filed with the Clerk and will not be announced
orally."
No. 202, October Term 1935. Robert G. Stone and Carrie M. Stone,
Trustees, etc., petitioners, v. Thomas W. White, Former Collector of
Internal Revenue at Boston, Massachusetts. It is ordered that the

MONDAY, OCTOBER 11, 1937
8
first complete sentence on page 2 of the opinion handed down May
24, 1937, be recast to read as follows:
"A deficiency against the trustees was assessed by the Commis-
sioner before, and was paid by them, under protest, from income
of the trust, after collection from the beneficiary had been barred
by the statute of limitations."
It is further ordered that the following words be inserted between
the word "But” and the word "it" in the eleventh line from the
bottom of page 5 of the opinion:
"the demand made upon the trustees was not barred by limitation
and".
The petition for rehearing is denied.
No.
No.
,
original. Ex parte Henry A. Ilse, petitioner;
original. Ex parte John Worster, Jr., petitioner ;
No., original. Ex parte Atwell Curtis. The motions for leave
to file petitions for writs of habeas corpus are denied.
No., original. Ex parte Victor J. Evans, petitioner. The motion
for leave to file petition for writ of mandamus is denied.
No., original. Ex parte L. H. Heymann, petitioner. The motion
for leave to file petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Circuit Court of Appeals for the Seventh Circuit is granted. The
petition for writ of certiorari is also granted.
No. 3, original. The State of Wisconsin et al., complainants, v. The
State of Illinois et al.;
No. 4, original. The State of Michigan et al., complainants, v. The
State of Illinois et al.; and
No. 5, original. The State of New York et al., complainants, v. The
State of Illinois et al. The semi-annual report of defendant, Sanitary
District of Chicago, dated July 1, 1937, is received and ordered filed.
No. 7, original. The Commonwealth of Kentucky, complainant, v.
The State of Indiana et al. Upon consideration of the Report of
the State of Indiana, submitted September 1, 1937, in accordance with
clause 5 of the decree entered herein on May 19, 1930, which is received
and ordered filed, wherein it is stated that the State of Indiana,
through its Highway Commission, has complied with said decree and
application is made to be relieved of the duty of filing further reports,
and the Commonwealth of Kentucky, by its Attorney General, having
consented to the entry of an order granting that application,
It is ordered that the application of the State of Indiana be, and
the same is hereby, granted, and that the State of Indiana and its
Highway Commission be, and they are hereby, relieved from the
requirement of making any further reports herein under clause 5 of
said decree.

MONDAY, OCTOBER 11, 1937
9
It is further ordered that this cause be continued and that either
party hereto may apply to this Court for any further relief or order
consistent with the issues herein.
No. 34. Worcester County Trust Company, Executor, petitioner,
v. Ray L. Riley, Controller of the State of California, et al. Fur-
ther consideration of the motion to substitute is postponed to the
hearing of the case on the merits.
No. 422. J. M. Hebert et al., petitioners, v. Rio Bravo Oil Company
et al. Upon consideration of the motion by the petitioners for an
order designating specified portions of the record to be printed, and
of the respondents' reply thereto, it is ordered that the entire tran-
script of the record be printed, without prejudice to the authority
of the Court to make such order as to costs as it may deem proper,
if it appears that the respondents have caused unnecessary parts of
the record to be printed. Rule 13, par. 9.
No. 378. Susie Maty, Administratrix of the estate of George Maty,
also known as George Matey, petitioner, v. Grasselli Chemical Com-
pany. On petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Circuit Court of Appeals for the Third Circuit. The motion for
consideration of the petition for writ of certiorari on typewritten
petition and record is granted. The petition for writ of certiorari
is granted. The Clerk is directed to print the record and petition
for writ of certiorari.
No. 60. William McDonald, William Long, and E. M. Daugherty,
petitioners, v. Steamship "Floridian", her engines etc., et al. On
petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court
of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit; and
No. 360. Frank DiStasio, petitioner, v. Commonwealth of Massa-
chusetts. On petition for writ of certiorari to the Superior Court
in and for the County of Middlesex, Commonwealth of Massachu-
setts. The motions for leave to proceed on typewritten petitions
and records are denied for the reason that the Court, upon examina-
tion of the papers herein submitted finds no grounds upon which
writs of certiorari should be issued. The petitions for writs of cer-
tiorari are therefore also denied.
No. 121. Pierce Lonergan, petitioner, v. The United States of
America. The motion to proceed in forma pauperis is granted.
The petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit
Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit is also granted.
No. 212. Alfred Demarois, petitioner, v. John Farrel, United
States Marshal, etc., et al. On petition for writ of certiorari to the
United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Eighth Circuit.
The motion for leave to proceed further herein in forma pauperis is

MONDAY, OCTOBER 11, 1937
10
denied for the reason that the Court, upon examination of the papers
herein submitted, finds that the application for a writ of certiorari
was not made within the time provided by law. Act of February 13,
1925, Section 8 (a) (43 Stat. 936, 940).
No. 110. Birney F. Combs, Heir and Contributor to the assets and
as Administrator, etc., petitioner, v. The Richford Savings Bank and
Trust Co. et al. On petition for writ of certiorari to the United
States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit;
No. 112. Phares P. Mauk, petitioner, v. The United States of
America. On petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Circuit Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit ;
No. 149. John Porobilo, Curator of Claimant, et al., petitioners,
v. Leopold Taliancich et al. On petition for writ of certiorari to
the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit;
No. 158. A. J. Ihle, Vice Girod, Deceased, Trustee, etc., petitioner,
v. Paul J. Barbe. On petition for writ of certiorari to the First
Circuit Court of Appeals of the State of Louisiana;
No. 169. Pascal Dorn, petitioner, v. Industrial Accident Commis-
sion of the State of California. On petition for writ of certiorari
to the District Court of Appeal, 4th Appellate District, State of
California;
No. 179. Bernie Ray Stewart, Mrs. Glena Stewart Cranford, et al.,
petitioners, v. Lindsay S. Wall, Administrator, etc., et al. On peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of Ap-
peals for the Fourth Circuit;
No. 229. Jesse C. Duke, petitioner, v. The United States of
America. On petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Circuit Court of Appeals for the Fourth Circuit ;
No. 237. Henry J. Bernhardt, as Administrator, etc., petitioner,
v. Chicago, Burlington & Quincy Railroad Company. On petition
for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of the State of Nebraska;
No. 239. Thomas C. Barton, petitioner, v. John M. Gehman. On
petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of
Appeals for the Third Circuit;
No. 240. H. L. Lynch, petitioner, v. Helen Kemp (now Helen
Durfey). On petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of
the State of California;
No. 244. Amon S. Longenecker and Grace Longenecker, his wife,
petitioners, v. Pennsylvania Joint Stock Land Bank. On petition for
writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for
the Third Circuit;
No. 245. Leroy S. Coble and Grace O. Coble, his wife, petitioners,
v. Federal Land Bank of Baltimore. On petition for writ of cer-

MONDAY, OCTOBER 11, 1937
11
tiorari to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Third
Circuit;
No. 246. Mae W. Beamesderfer, petitioner, v. First National Bank
and Trust Company of Mount Joy. On petition for writ of cer-
tiorari to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Third
Circuit;
No. 247. Jacob Hossler and Margaret Hossler, his wife, petitioners,
v. Pennsylvania Joint Stock Land Bank of Philadelphia. On peti-
tion for write of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of Ap-
peals for the Third Circuit;
No. 248. Clayton R. Shreiner and Mabel Shreiner, petitioners, v.
Farmers' Trust Company of Lancaster. On petition for writ of
certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Third
Circuit;
No. 338. Percy Lang, petitioner, v. Arthur D. Wood, Charles A.
Whalen, et al. On petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia;
No. 345. Charles Anderson, petitioner, v. Eva Odisho. On peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of Ap-
peals for the Ninth Circuit;
No. 385. Georgia M. Spruill, petitioner, v. Harriet T. Serven. On
petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the District of Columbia; and
No. 393. Dewey Savarese, petitioner, v. The People of the State of
New York. On petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court
of the State of New York. The motions for leave to proceed further
herein in forma pauperis are denied for the reason that the Court,
upon examination of the papers herein submitted finds no grounds
upon which writs of certiorari should be issued. The petitions for
writs of certiorari are therefore also denied.
No. 97. The United States of America, appellant, v. Ben Kapp
et al.;
No. 135. Frank Palko, appellant, v. State of Connecticut;
No. 161. South Carolina State Highway Department et al., appel-
lants, v. Barnwell Brothers, Inc., et al.;
No. 313. Lone Star Gas Company, appellant, v. State of Texas
et al.;
No. 316. Connecticut General Life Insurance Company, appellant,
v. Charles G. Johnson, as Treasurer, etc.;
No. 334. Rainier National Park Company, appellant, v. Clarence D.
Martin, as Governor of the State of Washington, et al.; and
No. 391. Alma Lovell, appellant, v. The City of Griffin. In these
cases probable jurisdiction is noted.

MONDAY, OCTOBER 11, 1937
12
No. 230. Natural Gas Pipeline Company of America, appellant, v.
James M. Slattery et al. In this case probable jurisdiction is noted.
Further consideration of the motion to dismiss is postponed to the
hearing of the case on the merits. The motion to advance is granted
and the case is assigned for hearing on Monday, November 8th next.
No. 243. H. H. Henneford, T. S. Hedges, et al., appellants, v.
Northern Pacific Railway Company. In this case probable juris-
diction is noted. The attention of counsel is directed to the ques-
tions as to (1) the existence of the required jurisdictional amount
and (2) the adequacy of the remedy at law.
No. 281. Aluminum Company of America, appellant, v. The United
States of America. In this case probable jurisdiction is noted. The
motion to advance is granted and the case is assigned for hearing on
Monday, November 8, next. The Chief Justice and Mr. Justice
Stone took no part in the consideration and decision of these
questions.
No. 303. Guy F. Atkinson and Geo. H. Atkinson, Co-partners, etc.,
appellants, v. State Tax Commission of Oregon et al. In this case
probable jurisdiction is noted. The Clerk is directed to give notice
to the Attorney General of the United States who is requested to
present the views of the Government upon the questions (1) as to
jurisdiction over the area in which the work of the contractors was
performed and (2) whether the state tax imposes a burden upon the
Government. Brief may be filed by the Government on or before
December 1, 1937 with leave to the respective parties to file briefs in
reply on or before December 31, 1937.
No. 322. Western Live Stock, a partnership, etc., appellant. v.
Bureau of Revenue and John A. Bingaman, Commissioner of Reve-
nue; and
No. 366. The Kansas Farmers Union Royalty Company et al.,
appellants, v. Ira Shaffer, Executor, etc. Further consideration of
the question of the jurisdiction of this Court in these cases is post-
poned to the hearing of the cases on the merits.
No. 41. Standard Accident Insurance Company, petitioner, v. The
United States of America, for the use and benefit of L. R. Powell, Jr.,
et al., etc. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit
Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit granted.
No. 48. The United States, petitioner, v. Mabel S. Andrews, Execu-
trix, etc. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Claims
granted.
No. 55. Mary Duke Biddle, petitioner, v. Commissioner of Internal
Revenue. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit
Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit granted.
19746-37-3

MONDAY, OCTOBER 11, 1937
13
No. 57. Lanasa Fruit Steamship and Importing Company, Inc.,
petitioner, v. Universal Insurance Company. Petition for writ of
certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the
Fourth Circuit granted.
No. 72. Crown Cork & Seal Company, Inc., petitioner, v. Ferdi-
nand Gutmann Co., Inc. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United
States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit granted.
No. 90. Perry McCart, Samuel L. Trabue, et al., etc., petitioners, v.
Indianapolis Water Company. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Seventh Circuit
granted.
No. 106. Minnesota Tea Company, petitioner, v. Guy T. Helvering,
Commissioner of Internal Revenue. Petition for writ of certiorari
to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Eighth Circuit
granted.
No. 123. Harvey S. Adams, Receiver, et al., petitioners, v. Geneva
M. Nagle, Ralph S. Hill, et al.; and
No. 124. Harvey S. Adams, Receiver, petitioner, v. J. Edwin
Tobias, Ralph S. Hill, et al. Petition for writs of certiorari to the
United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Third Circuit granted.
No. 128. Guy T. Helvering, Commissioner of Internal Revenue,
petitioner, v. John H. Therrell, also known as J. H. Therrell. Peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of
Appeals for the Fifth Circuit granted.
No. 129. Guy T. Helvering, Commissioner of Internal Revenue,
petitioner, v. William H. Tunnicliffe. Petition for writ of certiorari
to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit
granted.
No. 138. The United States of America, petitioner, v. Pete Mc-
Gowan, Claimant of One Chevrolet Coupe, etc., et al. Petition for
writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals
for the Ninth Circuit granted.
No. 140. The Creek Nation, petitioner, v. The United States. Peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the Court of Claims granted.
No. 143. The United States of America, petitioner, v. Helen J.
Stevens, Administratrix, et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to
the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the First Circuit
granted.
No. 146. The United States of America, petitioner, v. Ralph Ray-
nor; and
No. 147. The United States of America, petitioner, v. Chett Fow-
ler. Petition for writs of certiorari to the United States Circuit
Court of Appeals for the Seventh Circuit granted.

MONDAY, OCTOBER 11, 1937
14
No. 167. Charles F. Blackton, petitioner, v. Aaron Gordon. Peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the Court of Errors and Appeals of the
State of New Jersey granted.
No. 181. A. Howard Myers, Individually, etc., et al., petitioners, v.
Bethlehem Shipbuilding Corporation, Ltd.;
and
No. 182. A. Howard Myers, Edmund J. Blake, et al., etc., peti-
tioners, v. Charles MacKenzie, Individually, etc., et al. Petition for
writs of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for
the First Circuit granted.
No. 189. Benjamin B. Foster and Robert R. Todd, Executors, etc.,
petitioners, v. The United States. Petition for writ of certiorari
to the Court of Claims granted.
No. 190. Frank Carmine Nardone, Austin L. Callahan, et al.,
petitioners, v. The United States of America. Petition for writ of
certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the
Second Circuit granted.
No. 197. Estaban Adam, petitioner, v. William Saenger, et al.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Civil Appeals, 9th
Supreme Judicial District, State of Texas granted.
No. 215. The Tax Commissioner of Ohio, petitioner, v. Rollin A.
Wilbur and the National City Bank of Cleveland, Ohio, Co-Trustees,
etc. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals of Cuya-
hoga County, State of Ohio granted.
No. 218. Leon N. Munro, petitioner, v. The United States of Amer-
ica. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit
Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit granted.
No. 231. The United States, petitioner, v. Robert Esnault-Pelterie.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Claims granted.
No. 242. Compania Espanola de Navegacion Maritima, S. A.,
Owner, etc., petitioner, v. Spanish Steamship "Navemar", her engines,
etc., et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit
Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit granted.
No. 274. Saint Paul Mercury Indemnity Company, petitioner, v.
Red Cab Company. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United
States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Seventh Circuit granted.
No. 293. Edward Lauf and Amalgamated Meat Cutters and
Butcher Workman of North America, Local No. 73, petitioners, v.
E. G. Shinner & Company, Inc. Petition for writ of certiorari to
the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Seventh Circuit
granted.
No. 300. The St. Louis, Brownsville and Mexico Railway Company
et al., petitioners, v. Brownsville Navigation District of Cameron

MONDAY, OCTOBER 11, 1937
15
County, Texas, et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United
States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit granted.
No. 301. Guaranty Trust Company of New York, Executor, etc.,
petitioner, v. Commissioner of Internal Revenue. Petition for writ
of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the
Second Circuit granted.
No. 324. Guy T. Helvering, Commissioner of Internal Revenue,
petitioner, v. Charles E. Mitchell. Petition for writ of certiorari to
the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit
granted.
No. 323. New York Life Insurance Company, petitioner, v. Stella
Jane Gamer, as Executrix, etc. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit
granted.
No. 342. C. C. McCollum, Trustee in Bankruptcy of Lookout Plan-
ing Mills, petitioner, v. Hamilton National Bank of Chattanooga.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of the State of
Tennessee granted.
No. 346. Guy T. Helvering, Commissioner of Internal Revenue,
petitioner, v. Nellie B. Bowers, Administratrix, etc. Petition for
writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for
the Seventh Circuit granted.
No. 349. Guy T. Helvering, Commissioner of Internal Revenue,
petitioner, v. Sellar Bullard, as Executor, etc. Petition for writ of
certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the
Seventh Circuit granted.
No. 352. The United States of America, petitioner, v. Illinois Cen-
tral Railroad Company. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United
States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit granted.
No. 367. Erie Railroad Company, petitioner, v. Harry J. Tompkins.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of
Appeals for the Second Circuit granted.
No. 262. The United States of America, petitioner, v. Garbutt Oil
Company. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit
Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit granted and case assigned for
hearing immediately following No. 48.
No. 108. Andrew J. Christopher, Third National Bank & Trust
Co., as Executor, etc., et al., petitioners, v. W. E. Brusselback et al.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of
Appeals for the Sixth Circuit granted. Mr. Justice Brandeis took
no part in the consideration and decision of this application.

MONDAY, OCTOBER 11, 1937
16
No. 287. Edward McLoughlin, petitioner, v. Commissioner of In-
ternal Revenue. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Circuit Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit granted and case
assigned for hearing immediately following No. 129.
No. 144. D. B. Heiner, Individually and as Former Collector of
Internal Revenue, etc., petitioner, v. A. W. Mellon; and
No. 145. D. B. Heiner, Individually and as Former Collector of
Internal Revenue, etc., petitioner, v. Jennie King Mellon et al. Peti-
tion for writs of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of
Appeals for the Third Circuit granted. The Chief Justice and Mr.
Justice Stone took no part in the consideration and decision of this
application.
No. 198. The United States of America, petitioner, v. Arthur W.
Machen. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit
Court of Appeals for the Fourth Circuit granted and case assigned for
hearing immediately following No. 43.
No. 305. Newport News Shipbuilding and Dry Dock Company,
petitioner, v. Bennett F. Schauffler, Individually, etc., et al. Petition
for writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals
for the Fourth Circuit granted and case assigned for hearing imme-
diately following Nos. 181 and 182.
No. 199. The United States of America, petitioner, v. Ben B. Jack-
son, by his guardian ad litem, Alphene W. Dowell. Petition for
writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for
the Fourth Circuit granted, limited to the first question presented by
the petition.
No. 208. Leitch Manufacturing Company, Inc., petitioner, v. The
Barber Company, Inc. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United
States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Third Circuit granted and
case assigned for hearing immediately following Nos. 72 and 357.
No. 202. Harry Fleisher, petitioner, v. The United States of
America;
No. 203. Sam Fleisher, petitioner, v. The United States of Amer-
ica; and
No. 204. Joseph Stein, petitioner, v. The United States of America.
Petition for writs of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of
Appeals for the Sixth Circuit granted, limited to the question whether
the first count of the indictment states an offense under federal law.
No. 357. General Talking Pictures Corporation, petitioner, v. West-
ern Elecric Company, Inc., et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to
the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit
granted and case assigned for hearing immediately following No. 72.
Mr. Justice Roberts took no part in the consideration and decision
of this application.

MONDAY, OCTOBER 11, 1937
17
No. 74. Fannie Shaffer, as a member and Trustee, etc.. petitioner,
v. Superior Court of Los Angeles County et al. The motion to strike
the brief of respondent is denied. The petition for writ of certiorari
to the Supreme Court of the State of California is denied.
No. 111. Home Owners' Loan Corporation, petitioner, v. Central
Market, Inc. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court
of Nebraska denied as it does not appear from the record that there
is a final judgment.
No. 398. John G. Saxe, petitioner, v. Charles W. Anderson, Col-
lector of Internal Revenue, etc. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit denied
on the ground that the application has been made prior to judgment
of the Circuit Court of Appeals.
No. 163. Thomas J. Brady, petitioner, v. Terminal Railroad Asso-
ciation of St. Louis. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme
Court of the State of Missouri denied as it does not appear from
the record that there is a final judgment.
No. 226. Arthur Lavigne, petitioner, v. Chicago, Milwaukee, St.
Paul and Pacific Railroad Company. Petition for writ of certiorari
to the Appellate Court, 1st District, State of Illinois denied. Mr.
Justice Brandeis took no part in the consideration and decision of
this application.
No. 285. Walter G. Roland to the use of Robert P. Shick, Robert
P. Shick, petitioners, v. Harry M. Albright, William A. Good-
man, et al. The motion to strike the brief of respondent in this
case is denied. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court
of the State of Pennsylvania denied.
No. 289. Charles E. Hendrickson, Trustee of Archibald M. Henry,
Bankrupt, petitioner, v. The Chase National Bank of the City of
New York. The motion to substitute Emanuel Weitz, present trus-
tee of Archibald M. Henry, Bankrupt, as the party petitioner herein
in place of Charles E. Hendrickson, deceased, is granted. Petition
for writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals
for the Third Circuit denied. Mr. Justice Roberts took no part in
the consideration and decision of this application.
No. 44. George H. Gillons, Edward P. Shaw, et al., petitioners,
v. The Shell Company of California. Petition for writ of certiorari
to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit
denied.
No. 46. Winfred E. Ramsey, petitioner, v. The State of California.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of the State of
California denied.

MONDAY, OCTOBER 11, 1937
18
No. 47. Arthur J. Eide, by Bertha K. Eide, his guardian ad litem,
petitioner, v. The United States of America. Petition for writ of
certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the
Ninth Circuit denied.
No. 49. The United States, petitioner, v. Briggs & Turivas. Peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the Court of Claims denied.
No. 50. Frank J. Link and John T. Miller, petitioners, v. The
People of the State of Illinois. Petition for writ of certiorari to
the Supreme Court of the State of Illinois denied.
No. 51. Dorothy Dole Maddock and Katherine Dole Rudolph,
petitioners, v. Frank Haines, Individually, etc., et al. Petition for
writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for
the Seventh Circuit denied.
No. 52. Frank T. Heffelfinger, petitioner, v. Commissioner of In-
ternal Revenue. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Circuit Court of Appeals for the Eighth Circuit denied.
No. 53. The Reading Company, petitioner, v. Thorne Neale & Co.,
Inc.; and
No. 54. The Reading Company, petitioner, v. The Bouchard Trans-
portation Company. Petition for writs of certiorari to the United
States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit denied.
No. 56. The Reeke-Nash Motors Company, petitioner, v. The Swan
Carburetor Company. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United
States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Sixth Circuit denied.
No. 350. General Motors Corporation, petitioner, v. The Swan
Carburetor Company. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United
States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Sixth Circuit denied.
No. 58. Star Stationery Company, petitioner, v. Chester P. Rogers,
Receiver of New Jersey National Bank and Trust Company of
Newark. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit
Court of Appeals for the Third Circuit denied.
No. 64. The Highlands Evanston-Lincolnwood Subdivision, etc.,
et al., petitioners, v. Commissioner of Internal Revenue. Petition for
writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for
the Seventh Circuit denied.
No. 194. Gabriel Roberts Solomon et al., petitioners, v. Guy T. Hel-
vering, Commissioner of Internal Revenue. Petition for writ of
certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the
Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 65. Fred Elliott, George E. West, et al., petitioners, v. Univer-
sity of Illinois, Louis L. Ashman, et al. Petition for writ of certio-
rari to the Supreme Court of the State of Illinois denied.

MONDAY, OCTOBER 11, 1937
19
No. 66. Ralph M. Walker, petitioner, v. Commissioner of Internal
Revenue. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Cir-
cuit Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 67. Potomac Electric Power Company, petitioner, v. Melvin C.
Hazen, George E. Allen, et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
United States Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia denied.
No. 69. Georgia Power Company, petitioner, v. Tennessee Valley
Authority; and
No. 70. Georgia Power Company, petitioner, v. Honorable E. Mar-
vin Underwood, United States District Judge, etc. Petition for
writs of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for
the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 71. Goldie Goldberg, petitioner, v. Minnie Libby Goldberg
et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Appellate Court, 2nd
District, State of Illinois, denied.
No. 73. Bennell Realty Company, petitioner, v. E. G. Shinner &
Company, Inc. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Circuit Court of Appeals for the Seventh Circuit denied.
No. 75. C. S. Dudley & Company, Inc., petitioner, v. State of Mis-
souri, upon the information of Roy McKittrick, Attorney General
of the State of Missouri, denied.
No. 76. G. B. Wilkinson Estate, Inc., et al., petitioners, v. Yount-
Lee Oil Company; and
No. 77. C. H. Wilkinson, petitioner, v. Yount-Lee Oil Company.
Petition for writs of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court
of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 78. J. Dallas Grady, petitioner, v. Carrie M. Garland, Ran-
dolph M. Garland, et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United
States Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia denied.
No. 79. Reinharts, Incorporated, petitioner, v. Caterpillar Tractor
Company. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Cir-
cuit Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit denied.
No 80. Citizens Water Company, petitioner, v. Commissioner of
Internal Revenue. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Circuit Court of Appeals for the Eighth Circuit denied.
No. 81. Paul J. Bonwit, petitioner, v. Guy T. Helvering, Commis-
sioner of Internal Revenue. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit
denied.
No. 82. Wm. H. Moore, Jr., as Trustee in Bankruptcy, etc., peti-
tioner, v. W. H. Jahns and Margaret J. Jahns. Petition for writ of
certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the
Ninth Circuit denied.

MONDAY, OCTOBER 11, 1937
20
No. 83. Gail W. Courtright and Evelyn K. Koon, Administratrices
etc., petitioners, v. Legislative Statutory Commission, as State Board
or Commission, etc., et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
Supreme Court of the State of Colorado denied.
No. 88. Burdine C. Ánderson, James E. Anderson, et al., peti-
tioners, v. The United States. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
Court of Claims denied.
No. 89. Mrs. P. L. Garrow, petitioner, v. The United States of
America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court
of Customs and Patent Appeals denied.
No. 91. John J. Kuptz, The Employer's Liability Assurance Cor-
poration, Ltd., petitioners, v. Ralph Sollitt & Sons Construction Com-
pany. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit
Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 92. The Thomas J. Emery Memorial, petitioner, v. The Cin-
cinnati Underwriters Agency Company. Petition for writ of cer-
tiorari to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Sixth
Circuit denied.
No. 93. Tinius Olsen Testing Machine Company and Thorsten Y.
Olsen, petitioners, v. Baldwin-Southwark Corporation. Petition
for writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals
for the Third Circuit denied.
No. 94. Triest & Earle, Inc., petitioner, v. The United States. Peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the Court of Claims denied.
No. 96. The Baltimore & Ohio Railroad Company, petitioner, v.
Mary Anderson, Executrix, etc. Petition for writ of certiorari to
the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit
denied.
No. 98. R. D. Baker Company, petitioner, v. William Rarden and
John Rarden. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court
of the State of Michigan denied.
No. 101. Garrow MacClain & Garrow, Inc., petitioner, v. James W.
Bass, Collector of Internal Revenue. Petition for writ of cer-
tiorari to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Fifth
Circuit denied.
No. 102. The City of Wheeling et al., petitioners, v. John F. Casey
Company. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Cir-
cuit Court of Appeals for the Fourth Circuit denied.
No. 103. William Wingert, Lewis P. Wingert, et al., petitioners,
v. E. J. Smead, J. Wm. Ernst, et al.;
No. 104. William Wingert, Lewis P. Wingert. et al., petitioners,
v. E. J. Smead, J. Wm. Ernst, et al; and
19746-37-4

MONDAY, OCTOBER 11, 1937
21
No. 105. William Wingert, Lewis P. Wingert, et al., petitioners,
v. E. J. Smead, J. Wm. Ernst, et al. Petition for writs of certiorari
to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Fourth Cir-
cuit denied.
No. 107. Great Southern Life Insurance Company, petitioner, v.
Commissioner of Internal Revenue. Petition for writ of certiorari
to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit
denied.
No. 109. Consumers Power Company, petitioner, v. Ernest L.
Krause, Arthur Parent, et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Sixth Circuit denied.
No. 113. E. R. Bradley et al., petitioners, v. Adams Express Com-
pany. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit
Court of Appeals for the Sixth Circuit denied.
No. 114. The Western Express Company, petitioner, v. Wayne
Smeltzer, a Minor, by Ohlan Smeltzer, his legal guardian;
No. 115. The Western Express Company, petitioner, v. Robert L.
Lechlghtner, a Minor, by Nelson Lechlghtner, his legal guardian;
and
No. 116. The Western Express Company, petitioner, v. Aaron
Berkey, Administrator of the Estate of Walter N. Berkey, deceased.
Petition for writs of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of
Appeals for the Sixth Circuit denied.
No. 117. The France Company, petitioner, v. Commissioner of
Internal Revenue. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United
States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Sixth Circuit denied.
No. 118. Chateaugay Ore & Iron Company, petitioner, v. Eastern
Transportation Company. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit
denied.
No. 119. The Byrne Manufacturing Company, petitioner, v. Ameri-
can Flange & Manufacturing Company, Inc. Petition for writ of
certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Sixth
Circuit denied.
No. 122. Corona Brewing Corporation, petitioner, v. Rafael Sancho
Bonet, Treasurer of Puerto Rico. Petition for writ of certiorari to
the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the First Circuit
denied.
No. 125. C. E. Simmons, petitioner, v. The United States of Amer-
ica. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court
of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit denied.

MONDAY, OCTOBER 11, 1937
22
No. 126. The Citizens Banking Company and Frank E. Hulett,
Intervening Bondholders, petitioners, v. The Sturgeon Bay Com-
pany, debtor. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Circuit Court of Appeals for the Sixth Circuit denied.
No. 127. Miami Corporation, petitioner, v. State of Louisiana.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of the State of
Louisiana denied.
No. 130. Pacific Alaska Airway, petitioner, v. W. G. Mahan, as
Administrator etc. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United
States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit denied.
No. 131. Pacific Alaska Airways, Inc., petitioner, v. M. Clifford
Smith, as Administrator, etc. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit denied.
No. 132. Elton Cruse, Administrator, et al., petitioners, v. Sabine
Transportation Company, Inc. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 133. City of Fort Worth, petitioner, v. Activated Sludge, Inc.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of
Appeals for the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 134. E. C. Breedlove, Administrator de bonis non, etc., peti-
tioner, v. Ben Freudenstein, Receiver, etc. Petition for writ of cer-
tiorari to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Fifth
Circuit denied.
No. 136. Robert P. Morsman, petitioner, v. Guy T. Helvering,
Commissioner of Internal Revenue. Petition for writ of certiorari
to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Eighth Circuit
denied.
No. 137. Jonathan C. Stimson and American Gas Accumulator
Company, petitioners, v. United Advertising Corporation of Texas.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of
Appeals for the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 141. Peter D. Pinkussohn, petitioner, v. The United States of
America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Cir-
cuit Court of Appeals for the Seventh Circuit denied.
No. 142. Citizens Bank & Trust Company, petitioner, v. Mellon
National Bank. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Circuit Court of Appeals for the Eighth Circuit denied.
No. 148. John Ogden, Executor, etc., petitioner, v. Henry Morgen-
thau, Jr., Secretary of the Treasury of the United States of America,
et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of
Appeals for the District of Columbia denied.

MONDAY, OCTOBER 11, 1937
23
No. 151. MacPherson Crichton, petitioner, v. The United States of
America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court
of Appeals for the District of Columbia denied.
No. 152. Sanitary Grocery Co., Inc., operating Piggly-Wiggly
Stores, petitioner, v. Margaret Snead. Petition for writ of certio-
rari to the United States Court of Appeals for the District of Co-
lumbia denied.
No. 153. Norris Grain Company, petitioner, v. Texas and New
Orleans Railroad Company; and
No. 154. N. E. Carpenter and I. V. Sanford, as Trustees, etc., et al.,
petitioners, v. Texas and New Orleans Railroad Company. Petition
for writs of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals
for the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 155. New York Life Insurance Company, petitioner, v. Alice
Stanley Lydon et al., Executors, etc. Petition for writ of certiorari
to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Eighth Cir-
cuit denied.
No. 156. Bankers Indemnity Insurance Company, petitioner, v.
Dagmar Lundgren. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United
States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit denied.
No. 157. Bankers Indemnity Insurance Company, petitioner, v.
Grace F. Pinkerton. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United
States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit denied.
No. 160. Arthur O. Borland, Ray A. Borland, et al., petitioners, v.
George H. Johnson, Deputy District Attorney, etc., et al. Petition
for writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals
for the Ninth Circuit denied.
No. 162. The Federal Farm Mortgage Corporation, petitioner, v.
Martin Falk, Jr., and Florentena Falk, Jr., his wife, et al. Petition
for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of the State of North Da-
kota denied.
No. 164. L. W. Baldwin and Guy A. Thompson, Trustees, etc., peti-
tioners, v. Fred B. Fluitt. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
Supreme Court of the State of Louisiana denied.
No. 165. Mrs. C. B. Meadows et al., petitioners, v. Continental
Assurance Company. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United
States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 166. Grover C. Buchen and Felicia J. Buchen, petitioners, v.
The Bank of America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United
States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit denied.

MONDAY, OCTOBER 11, 1937
24
No. 168. H. Foster Hartman, Administrator of the estate of Remus
H. Clark, deceased, et al., etc., petitioners, v. The Baltimore and Ohio
Railroad Company et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Fourth Circuit
denied.
No. 170. William L. Jarvis et al., petitioners, v. The United States
of America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Circuit Court of Appeals for the First Circuit denied.
No. 171. The Chesapeake and Ohio Railway Company, petitioner,
v. Florence Vigor, as Administratrix etc. Petition for writ of
certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the
Sixth Circuit denied.
No. 172. Reading Company, petitioner, v. Ellen May Mease and
Charles Roy Mease. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme
Court of the State of Pennsylvania denied.
No. 173. James McWilliams Blue Line, Inc., petitioner, v. Koppers
Connecticut Coke Co. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United
States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit denied.
No. 174. R. J. Nitkey, petitioner, v. Joseph A. Ward. The
Guardian Trust Company et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to
the Supreme Court of the State of Minnesota denied.
No. 175. The Texas Pipe Line Company, petitioner, v. Commis-
sioner of Internal Revenue. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Third Circuit denied.
No. 176. Great Lakes Transit Corporation, petitioner, v. Inter-
lake Steamship Company. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit
denied.
No. 177. William F. Hess, Trustee, etc., petitioner, v. Dr. C. S.
Amidon. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals,
1st Appellate Judicial District, State of Ohio, denied.
No. 178. Globe Indemnity Company and Fidelity and Deposit
Company of Maryland, petitioners, v. The United States. Petition
for writ of certiorari to the Court of Claims denied.
No. 180. Certain-Teed Products Corporation, petitioner, v. G. J.
Wallinger, Trustee in Bankruptcy, etc., et al. Petition for writ of
certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the
Fourth Circuit denied.
No. 183. Oakwood Realty Company (Robert L. Warren et al.),
petitioners, v. Gulf Production Company et al. Petition for writ of
certiorari to the Court of Civil Appeals, 9th Supreme Judicial Dis-
trict, State of Texas, denied.

MONDAY, OCTOBER 11, 1937
25
No. 184. Isabelle Hammond-Knowlton, as Administratrix, etc.,
petitioner, v. The Hartford Connecticut Trust Company of Hartford,
Connecticut, Executor, etc. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit
denied.
No. 188. Sol Wiener Ginsburg, petitioner, v. The Pacific Mutual
Life Insurance Company of California. Petition for writ of certio-
rari to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Second
Circuit denied.
No. 191. The United States of America, petitioner, v. B. C. Getzel-
man et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Cir-
cuit Court of Appeals for the Tenth Circuit denied.
No. 192. The United States, petitioner, v. Ordnance Engineering
Corporation; and
No. 193. Ordnance Engineering Corporation, petitioner, v. The
United States. Petitions for writs of certiorari to the Court of
Claims denied.
No. 195. Mrs. Ethel R. Jefferies, as Executrix, etc., et al., peti-
tioners, v. The Federal Land Bank of Columbia. Petition for writ
of certiorari to the Supreme Court of the State of South Carolina
denied.
No. 196. Ray H. Thompson, petitioner, v. Falstaff Brewing Corpo-
ration. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit
Court of Appeals for the Eighth Circuit denied.
No. 200. Glass & Lynch and William J. Brunning, as Agent of
Bondholders, petitioners, v. Nine North Church Street, Inc. Peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of
Appeals for the Second Circuit denied.
No. 201. Irene O. Kitselman, Executrix, etc.,
Helvering, Commissioner of Internal Revenue.
certiorari to the United States Circuit Court
Seventh Circuit denied.
petitioner, v. Guy T.
Petition for writ of
of Appeals for the
No. 206. Merced Irrigation District, petitioner, v. Reed J. Bekins
and Milo W. Bekins, as Executors, etc., et al. Petition for writ of
certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the
Ninth Circuit denied.
No. 207. The Cincinnati, Newport & Covington Railway Company,
petitioner, v. The City of Cincinnati, Ohio, et al. Petition for writ
of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the
Sixth Circuit denied.
No. 209. William S. Moore, petitioner, v. Chicago Mercantile
Exchange, Michael E. Fox, et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to
the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Seventh Circuit
denied.

MONDAY, OCTOBER 11, 1937
26
No. 235. James E. Bennett, Frank A. Miller, et al., petitioners, v.
Board of Trade of the City of Chicago et al. Petition for writ of
certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the
Seventh Circuit denied.
No. 282. The Board of Trade of Kansas City, Missouri, W. B.
Lathrop, et al., petitioners, v. Maurice M. Milligan, United States
Attorney, etc., et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United
States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Eighth Circuit denied.
No. 211. Beatrice K. Sasnett, petitioner, v. Iowa State Traveling
Men's Association. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United
States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Eighth Circuit denied.
No. 213. Dominic Gestauts, petitioner, v. American Manganese
Steel Company, W. G. Nichols, and Frank Grace. Petition for writ
of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the
Seventh Circuit denied.
No. 214. James H. Lockhart, petitioner, v. Commissioner of Inter-
nal Revenue. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Circuit Court of Appeals for the Third Circuit denied.
No. 216. The Portgage Silica Company, petitioner, v. Commis-
sioner of Internal Revenue. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Sixth Circuit denied.
No. 217. A. J. Broderick and George Calvert, petitioners, v. Sabine
Lumber Company. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United
States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 219. W. B. Livermore, petitioner, v. Carl H. Beal, Milham
Exploration Co., et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the District
Court of Appeal, 3d Appellate District, State of California, denied.
No. 220. Mary P. Boyd, as Administratrix, etc., petitioner, v. Amos
W. Elliott, Marland Oil Company, et al. Petition for writ of certio-
rari to the District Court of Appeal, 3d Appellate District, State of
California, denied.
No. 221. Albert Louis Kreiss, petitioner, v. Amos W. Elliott, Mar-
land Oil Company, et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Dis-
trict Court of Appeal, 3d Appellate District, State of California,
denied.
No. 222. J. W. Livermore, petitioner, v. Carl H. Beal, Milham
Exploration Co., et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the District
Court of Appeal, 3d Appellate District, State of California, denied.
No. 223. Miguel Jose Ossorio, petitioner, v. The United States.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Claims denied.

MONDAY, OCTOBER 11, 1937
27
No. 224. Douglas L. Edmonds, Administrator, etc., petitioner, v.
Commissioner of Internal Revenue. Petition for writ of certiorari
to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit
denied.
No. 225. Guy T. Helvering, Commissioner of Internal Revenue,
petitioner, v. Cecil B. DeMille Productions, Inc. Petition for writ
of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the
Ninth Circuit denied.
No. 227. Concentrate Manufacturing Corporation, petitioner, v.
Joseph T. Higgins, Collector of Internal Revenue. Petition for writ
of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the
Second Circuit denied.
No. 228. Merhengood Corporation (Del.), petitioner, v. Guy T.
Helvering, Commissioner of Internal Revenue. Petition for writ of
certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the District of
Columbia denied.
No. 232. The United States of America, petitioner, v. Chicago,
Burlington & Quincy Railroad Company. Petition for writ of cer-
tiorari to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Seventh
Circuit denied.
No. 233. F. W. Myers & Co., Inc., petitioner, v. The United States.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Customs
and Patent Appeals denied.
No. 234. Curtis C. Colyear and Florence E. Colyear, his wife, peti-
tioners, v. Fannie Hales. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Dis-
trict Court of Appeal, 2d Appellate District, State of California,
denied.
No. 238. Shell Eastern Petroleum Products, Incorporated, peti-
tioner, v. Allen J. Maxwell, Commissioner of Revenue of the State.
of North Carolina. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United
States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Fourth Circuit denied.
No. 241. Almer F. Knowles, petitioner, v. American South African
Lines. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit
Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit denied.
No. 249. Continental Land Company, Julius C. Johnson, et al.,
petitioners, v. The United States of America. Petition for writ of
certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Ninth
Circuit denied.
No. 250. The Preferred Accident Insurance Company, petitioner,
v. Mabel E. Marsh. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United
States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Sixth Circuit denied.

MONDAY, OCTOBER 11, 1937
28
No. 251. New York Life Insurance Company, petitioner, v. Mabel
E. Marsh. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit
Court of Appeals for the Sixth Circuit denied.
No. 252. Helen DeWolfe Morgan and John W. Morgan, as Execu-
tors, etc., petitioners, v. The United States. Petition for writ of cer-
tiorari to the Court of Claims denied.
No. 253. Joseph Klingenstein, petitioner, v. The United States.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Claims denied.
No. 255. Verner A. Robinson and Evelyn D. Robinson, petitioners,
v. Harris Trust and Savings Bank, Trustee. Petition for writ of
certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the
Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 257. The State of Missouri, as Commonwealth, by and through
its Superintendent of the Insurance Department, R. Emmet O'Mal-
ley, petitioner, v. The Homesteaders Life Association. Petition for
writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for
the Eighth Circuit denied.
No. 263. Bankers Trust Company and R. Gregory Page, Trustee,
etc., petitioners, v. Raymond Wise and A. H. Taylor. Petition for
writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for
the Seventh Circuit denied.
No. 264. The Sioux Tribe of Indians, petitioner, v. The United
States. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Claims
denied.
No. 265. John C. Schumacher, Sheriff of Butler County, Ohio,
petitioner, v. Ralph K. Beeler, Trustee in Bankruptcy etc. Petition
for writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals
for the Sixth Circuit denied.
No. 266. A. Hunter Willis, petitioner in Review on certificate of
William Jerome Kuertz, Referee in Bankruptcy, petitioner, v.
Ralph K. Beeler, Trustee in Bankruptcy etc. Petition for writ of
certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the
Sixth Circuit denied.
No. 270. The Philadelphia & Reading Coal & Iron Company et al.,
petitioners, v. Charles Spruks. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Third Circuit denied.
No. 271. Pierce St. John, Jr., Minor, unallocated full blood Osage
Indian, etc., petitioner, v. Floyd Thompson, Adult, and Pitts Beaty,
his legal guardian. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme
Court of the State of Oklahoma denied.
No. 369. Floyd Soderstrom, Administrator, etc., et al., petitioners,
v. Freeman L. Bonner. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
Supreme Court of the State of Oklahoma denied.
19746-37--5

MONDAY, OCTOBER 11, 1937
29
No. 273. Isedore Goldsmith and Manhattan Coffee & Sugar Co.,
Inc., petitioners, v. The United States of America. Petition for writ
of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the
Second Circuit denied.
No. 278. Brecht Corporation, petitioner, v. The United States.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Customs
& Patent Appeals denied.
No. 279. Day-Gormley Leather Company, petitioner, v. The Na-
tional City Bank of New York. Petition for writ of certiorari to
the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit
denied.
No. 280. Alex Mohr, petitioner, v. Great Lakes Transit Corpora-
tion. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit
Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit denied.
No. 283. W. M. Angle, petitioner, v. H. B. Shinholt and T. G. Jack-
son. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit
Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 284. The United States, petitioner, v. Henry Stanley Wood.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Claims denied.
No. 383. The United States, petitioner, v. Clifton Manufacturing
Company. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Claims
denied.
No. 286. Louise Earwood, as Guardian of Thomas Caleb Earwood,
petitioner, v. The United States of America. Petition for writ of
certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Fifth
Circuit denied.
No. 288. Compagnie Generale Transatlantique, petitioner, v. Gov-
ernor of the Panama Canal and The Panama Canal. Petition for
writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for
the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 290. The White Tower System, Inc., petitioner, v. The White
Castle System of Eating House Corporation. Petition for writ of
certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the
Sixth Circuit denied.
No. 291. W. E. James and Agnes James, petitioners, v. O. A.
Nelson, as an individual and O. A. Nelson, as a Trustee, et al. Peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of
Appeals for the Ninth Circuit denied.
No. 292. The Northwestern Mutual Life Insurance Company of
Milwaukee, Wisconsin, petitioner, v. Central Hanover Bank and
Trust Company, as Executors, etc., et al. Petition for writ of cer-
tiorari to the Surrogate Court of New York County, State of New
York denied.

MONDAY, OCTOBER 11, 1937
30
No. 295. H. L. Durell, petitioner, v. C. O. Carpenter, Receiver of
Holston-Union National Bank of Knoxville, Tennessee. Petition for
writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for
the Sixth Circuit denied.
No. 297. Lawrence Stern and Company and A. G. Becker & Co.,
petitioners, v. The United States of America. Petition for writ of
certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the
Seventh Circuit denied.
No. 298. United States, ex relatione Societe de Condensation et
D'Applications Mechaniques, petitioner, v. Conway P. Coe, Commis-
sioner of Patents. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United
States Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia denied.
No. 299. F. H. Von Damm, petitioner, v. The United States. Peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Customs and
Patent Appeals denied.
No. 302. Houston Natural Gas Corporation, petitioner, v. Commis-
sioner of Internal Revenue. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Fourth Circuit
denied.
No. 304. Elmer W. Kelley and The General Street Signal Corpora-
tion, petitioners, v. The City of Atlantic City and Harry Bacharach.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of
Appeals for the Third Circuit denied.
No. 306. Karl A. Glover, Receiver of the First National Bank of
Lawrenceville, Illinois, etc., petitioner, v. The State of Illinois. Peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the Court of Claims of the State of
Illinois denied.
No. 307. Charles E. Mitchell, petitioner, v. Commissioner of Inter-
nal Revenue. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Circuit Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit denied.
No. 308. Fidelity & Columbia Trust Company, Trustee, etc., peti-
tioner, v. Guy T. Helvering, Commissioner of Internal Revenue;
No. 309. Robert E. McGrath, petitioner, v. Guy T. Helvering, Com-
missioner of Internal Revenue;
No. 310. Louisville Trust Co. and James E. Fahey, Trustee, etc.,
petitioners, v. Guy T. Helvering, Commissioner of Internal Revenue;
and
No. 311. Fidelity & Columbia Trust Company, Trustee, etc., peti-
tioner, v. Guy T. Helvering, Commissioner of Internal Revenue.
Petition for writs of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of
Appeals for the Sixth Circuit denied.

MONDAY, OCTOBER 11, 1937
31
No. 312. William H. Walker, Elizabeth G. Hailer, et al., petition-
ers, v. Melvin C. Hazen, George E. Allen, et al. Petition for writ of
certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the District of
Columbia denied.
No. 314. Winget Kickernick Company and Mary D. Neilson, peti-
tioners, v. Sil-O-Ette Underwear Corporation (formerly Universal
Rayon Underwear Corporation). Petition for writ of certiorari to
the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit
denied.
No. 315. Penn Mutual Life Insurance Company, petitioner, v. State
of Minnesota. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court
of the State of Minnesota denied.
No. 317. Rose T. Jonas, petitioner, v. Bellerive Investment Com-
pany, Debtor, et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United
States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Eighth Circuit denied.
No. 318. The Board of County Commissioners of Creek County,
Oklahoma, et al., petitioners, v. I. D. Mays, Administrator etc. et al.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of
Appeals for the Tenth Circuit denied.
No. 320. The Texas Pipe Line Company, petitioner, v. R. B.
Anderson et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Civil
Appeals, 3d Supreme Judicial District, State of Texas denied.
No. 325. Irving Ben Cooper, petitioner, v. Irving Trust Company,
as Trustee etc., et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United
States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit denied.
No. 326. The United States, petitioner, v. Carl G. Allgrunn; and
No. 327. Carl G. Allgrunn, petitioner, v. The United States. Peti-
tions for writs of certiorari to the Court of Claims denied.
No. 328. Herman S. Strauss, as Trustee, petitioner, v. Pine Block
Building Corporation et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Seventh Circuit
denied.
No. 329. Lois Hamm and Nathan Hamm, Individually, etc., peti-
tioners, v. Railway Express Agency, Inc. Petition for writ of certio-
rari to the Supreme Court of the State of New York denied.
No. 330. The Aetna Casualty and Surety Company, petitioner, v.
Herbert Hall, as Receiver, etc. Petition for writ of certiorari to
the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit
denied.
No. 331. John Cappola, petitioner, v. Edward A. Platt, Sheriff.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Errors of
the State of Connecticut denied.

MONDAY, OCTOBER 11, 1937
32
No. 332. J. R. Phillips, Jr., and Herbert C. Fooks, Executors, etc.,
petitioners, v. John J. Ghingher, Receiver, etc. Petition for writ of
certiorari to the Court of Appeals of the State of Maryland denied.
No. 333. William W. Cohen, petitioner, v. Superior Oil Corpora-
tion. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit
Court of Appeals for the Third Circuit denied.
No. 335. Charles Martin, petitioner, v. Harry E. Hull and Marion
Butler. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court
of Appeals for the District of Columbia denied.
No. 336. Thomas R. Purman, petitioner, v. Alice A. Smith. Peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the Superior Court of the Common-
wealth of Pennsylvania denied.
No. 337. Wallace I. Kargman and Herman E. Klein, petitioners,
v. Grocery Center, Inc. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United
States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Seventh Circuit denied.
No. 339. W. L. Taylor and F. L. Bateman, petitioners, v. Commis-
sioner of Internal Revenue. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Seventh Circuit
denied.
No. 340. Charles A. Otis, William A. Otis, et al., etc., petitioners,
v. Martha W. Bennett, Administratrix, etc. Petition for writ of
certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the
Third Circuit denied.
No. 344. Consolidated Automatic Merchandising Corporation,
petitioner, v. The United States of America. Petition for writ of
certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the
Second Circuit denied.
No. 347. Frank J. Murnighan, petitioner, v. Glen Sheridan Realty
Trust, Debtor. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Circuit Court of Appeals for the Seventh Circuit denied.
No. 351. Albert Goodman, petitioner, v. The People of the State
of Illinois, ex rel. The Chicago Bar Association. Petition for writ
of certiorari to the Supreme Court of the State of Illinois denied.
No. 358. Clarence Faye, as Ancillary Administrator, etc., peti-
tioner, v. American Diamond Lines, Inc., et al. Petition for writ of
certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the
Second Circuit denied.
No. 804, October Term 1936. Railroad Commission of the State
of California et al., appellants, v. Pacific Gas and Electric Company.
The petition for rehearing in this case is granted and the case is
restored to the docket and assigned for reargument.

MONDAY, OCTOBER 11, 1937
33
No. 849, October Term 1936. The State of Ohio, ex rel. Carl Green,
petitioner, v. Charles E. King, Clerk, etc., et al. The motion for leave
to file a third petition for rehearing is denied.
No. 1003, October Term 1936. T. L. Talley et al., petitioners, v.
Fox Film Corporation et al. The petition for rehearing in this case
is denied. The Chief Justice took no part in the decision of this
application.
No. 228, October Term 1936. The Chippewa Indians of Minnesota,
appellants, v. The United States et al.;
No. 652, October Term 1936. The Great Atlantic & Pacific Tea
Company et al., appellants, v. Alice Grosjean, Supervisor, etc., et al.;
No. 667, October Term 1936. Anniston Manufacturing Company,
petitioner, v. Harwell G. Davis, Collector of Internal Revenue;
No. 734, October Term 1936. The United States of America and
Interstate Commerce Commission, appellants, v. American Sheet &
Tin Plate Company et al.;
No. 855, October Term 1936. Goodman Lumber Company, appel-
lant, v. The United States of America et al.;
No. 856, October Term 1936. A. O. Smith Corporation, appellant,
v. The United States of America et al.;
No. 867, October Term 1936. Robert W. Halliday and Mabel F.
Halliday, petitioners, v. State of Ohio, ex rel. I. J. Fulton, Superin-
tendent, etc.;
No. 868, October Term 1936. Robert W. Halliday and Mabel F.
Halliday, petitioners, v. State of Ohio, ex rel. I. J. Fulton, Superin-
tendent, etc.;
No. 869, October Term 1936. Robert W. Halliday and Mabel F.
Halliday, petitioners, v. State of Ohio, ex rel. I. J. Fulton, Superin-
tendent, etc.;
No. 897, October Term 1936. Cassius McDonald, petitioner, v. The
United States of America;
No. 899, October Term 1936. R. J. Nitkey et al., petitioners, v. S. T.
McKnight Company et al.;
No. 904, October Term 1936. The Indiana Farmer's Guide Pub-
lishing Company, petitioner, v. The Prairie Farmer Publishing Com-
pany et al.;
No. 914, October Term 1936. John F. Millhaubt, petitioner, v. The
State of Kansas;
No. 918, October Term 1936. Samuel H. Davis, petitioner, v. The
United States of America;
No. 931, October Term 1936. J. R. McLeod, as Sheriff, etc., peti-
tioner, v. Frank E. Cooper, as Trustee, etc.;
No. 932, October Term 1936. John W. Irvin, petitioner, v. Buick
Motor Company et al.;

MONDAY, OCTOBER 11, 1937
34
No. 938, October Term 1936. Kenyon V. Painter, appellant, v. The
State of Ohio;
No. 940, October Term 1936. General Electric Company, petitioner,
v. Electric Machinery Manufacturing Company;
No. 944, October Term 1936. Catherine Fearon, appellant, v.
Charles Treanor;
No. 947, October Term 1936. W. French Grubb, appellant, v. E. H.
Lawman, Receiver, etc.;
No. 974, October Term 1936. Leander T. Reilly et al., petitioners,
v. Mike and Anna Stedronsky et al.; and
No. 978, October Term 1936. L. C. Turman, petitioner, v. Beryl
Turman. The petitions for rehearing in these cases are denied.
Mr. Justice Black took no part in the consideration or decision
of the cases in which decisions or orders are this day announced.
No. 1. The Atlantic Refining Company, appellant, v. Common-
wealth of Virginia. Reargued by Mr. T. Justin Moore for the ap-
pellant and by Mr. Abram P. Staples for the appellee.
No. 2. E. Pat Kelly, as Director of the Department of Labor and
Industries of the State of Washington, et al., petitioners, v. State of
Washington, on the relation of Foss Company, Inc., et al. Reargu-
ment commenced by Mr. E. P. Donnelly for the petitioners; and con-
tinued by Mr. Glenn J. Fairbrook for the respondents; and by Mr.
Assistant Solicitor General Bell for the United States as amicus
curiae, by special leave of Court.
Adjourned until tomorrow at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Tuesday, October 12, will be as follows: Nos. 2, 3,
7, 8, 68, 4, 5, 6, 11, and 12.

TUESDAY, OCTOBER 12, 1937
35
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: The Chief Justice, Mr. Justice McReynolds, Mr. Justice
Brandeis, Mr. Justice Sutherland, Mr. Justice Butler, Mr. Justice
Stone, Mr. Justice Roberts, Mr. Justice Cardozo, and Mr. Justice
Black,
Forest H. Munger, of West Palm Beach, Fla.; Angel T. Correa, of
Washington, D. C.; Harry T. Ice, of Indianapolis, Ind.; Waldo P.
Johnson, of Kansas City, Mo.; Rob Roy Cerney, of Mason City,
Iowa; and John C. Herberg, of St. Paul, Minn., were admitted to
practice.
No. 229. Jesse C. Duke, petitioner, v. The United States of Amer-
ica. Motion to withhold order denying petition for writ of certiorari
submitted by Mr. Jesse C. Duke pro se.
No. 2. E. Pat Kelly, as Director of the Department of Labor and
Industries of the State of Washington, et al., petitioners, v. State of
Washington, on the relation of Foss Company, Inc., et al. Reargu-
ment concluded by Mr. E. P. Donnelly for the petitioners.
No. 3. Ernest K. James, Individually and as State Tax Commis-
sioner of the State of West Virginia, appellant, v. The Dravo Con-
tracting Company. Reargued by Mr. Clarence W. Meadows for the
appellant; by Mr. William S. Moorhead for the appellee; and by Mr.
Solicitor General Reed for the United States as amicus curiae, by
special leave of Court.
No. 7. Silas Mason Company, Inc., et al., appellants, v. Tax Com-
mission of the State of Washington et al. Reargument commenced
by Mr. B. H. Kizer for the appellants and continued by Mr. E. P.
Donnelly for the appellees.
Adjourned until tomorrow at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Wednesday, October 13, will be as follows: Nos. 7,
8, 68, 4, 5, 6, 11, 12, 13, and 14.
✓
10ĦA
317

WEDNESDAY, OCTOBER 13, 1937
36
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: The Chief Justice, Mr. Justice McReynolds, Mr. Justice
Brandeis, Mr. Justice Sutherland, Mr. Justice Butler, Mr. Justice
Stone, Mr. Justice Roberts, Mr. Justice Cardozo, and Mr. Justice
Black.
Walter Andrew Shelley, of Daytona Beach, Fla.; Wm. L. Hassett,
of Des Moines, Iowa; Alan Loth, of Ft. Dodge, Iowa; Edward A.
Dodd, of Louisville, Ky.; Henry E. McElwain, Jr., of Louisville, Ky.;
Frank C. Wade, of Terre Haute, Ind.; and Arthur Peter, of Louis-
ville Ky., were admitted to practice.
No. 804, October Term 1936. Railroad Commission of the State of
California et al., appellants, v. Pacific Gas and Electric Company;
No. 13, original. Ex parte L. H. Heymann, petitioner ;
No. 97. The United States of America, appellant, v. Ben Kapp
et al.;
No. 121. Pierce Lonergan, petitioner, v. The United States of
America;
No. 135. Frank Palko, appellant, v. State of Connecticut;
No. 138. The United States of America, petitioner, v. Pete Mc-
Gowan, Claimant, etc., et al.;
No. 146. The United States of America, petitioner, v. Ralph
Raynor;
No. 147. The United States of America, petitioner, v. Chett Fowler;
No. 190. Frank Carmine Nardone et al., petitioners, v. The United
States of America;
No. 202. Harry Fleisher, petitioner, v. The United States of
America;
No. 203. Sam Fleisher, petitioner, v. The United States of America;
No. 204. Joseph Stein, petitioner, v. The United States of America;
and
No. 459. Nicholas J. Forte v. The United States of America. Or-
dered that these cases be advanced and assigned for argument on
Thursday, November 11, next.
No. 7. Silas Mason Company, Inc., et al., appellants, v. Tax Com-
mission of the State of Washington et al. Reargument concluded
by Mr. E. P. Donnelly for the appellees.
19746-37-7

WEDNESDAY, OCTOBER 13, 1937
37
No. 8. David H. Ryan, appellant, v. The State of Washington et al.
Reargued by Mr. John W. Davis for the appellant; by Mr. Solicitor
General Reed for the United States as amicus curiae, by special leave
of Court; and by Mr. E. W. Schwellenbach and Mr. E. P. Donnelly
for the appellees.
No. 68. Puget Sound Stevedoring Company, appellant, v. The Tax
Commission of the State of Washington et al., etc. Argument com-
menced by Mr. John Ambler for the appellant, and continued by
Mr. E. P. Donnelly for the appellees.
Adjourned until tomorrow at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Thursday, October 14, will be as follows: Nos. 68,
4, 5, 6, 11, 12, 13, 14, 15, and 16.
✓

☑
THURSDAY, OCTOBER 14, 1937
38
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: The Chief Justice, Mr. Justice McReynolds, Mr. Justice
Brandeis, Mr. Justice Sutherland, Mr. Justice Butler, Mr. Justice
Stone, Mr. Justice Roberts, Mr. Justice Cardozo, and Mr. Justice
Black.
Thomas A. Barker, of Louisville, Ky.; Henry J. Tilford, of
Louisville, Ky.; Nelson Helm, of Louisville, Ky.; Cassius M. Doty,
of Chicago, Ill.; William Koontz Teepe, of Washington, D. C.; Alan
L. Bird, of Rockland, Maine; and Chauncey P. Carter, of Wash-
ington, D. C., were admitted to practice.
No. 68. Puget Sound Stevedoring Company, appellant, v. The Tax
Commission of the State of Washington et al., etc. Argument con-
cluded by Mr. E. P. Donnelly for the appellees.
No. 4. Phillips Pipe Line Company, appellant, v. The State of
Missouri. Argument commenced by Mr. H. P. Robinson for the
appellant. The Court declined to hear further argument.
No. 5. Chester C. Dodge, Catherine L. Baird, et al., appellants, v.
Board of Education of the City of Chicago et al. Reargued by Mr.
Allan J. Carter for the appellants and by Mr. Frank S. Righeimer
and Mr. Richard S. Folsom for the appellees.
No. 6. D. W. McEachern, Administrator, etc., petitioner, v. J. T.
Rose, Former Collector of Internal Revenue, etc. Argument com-
menced by Mr. W. A. Sutherland for the petitioner and continued
by Mr. Guy Patten for the respondent.
Adjourned until tomorrow at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Friday, October 15, will be as follows: Nos. 6, 11,
12, 13, 14, 15, 16, 17, 19 (and 59), and 22.
19746-37-8

FRIDAY, OCTOBER 15, 1937
39
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present The Chief Justice, Mr. Justice McReynolds, Mr. Justice
Brandeis, Mr. Justice Sutherland, Mr. Justice Butler, Mr. Justice
Stone, Mr. Justice Roberts, Mr. Justice Cardozo, and Mr. Justice
Black.
Lillian S. Robertson, of Charleston, W. Va.; W. Harvey Wise,
Jr., of Washington, D. C.; Fred H. Miller, of Los Angeles, Calif.;
Joseph E. Clayton, Jr., of Chicago, Ill.; Lorienne Morrow Conlee,
of Portland, Oreg.; and J. F. Resleure, of San Francisco, Calif.,
were admitted to practice.
No. 456. Ocean Accident and Guarantee Corporation, Limited,
petitioner, v. Rebecca Torres. Motion for leave to file brief of Roy
A. Bronson as amicus curiae, submitted by Mr. L. M. Denit in that
behalf and the motion denied.
No. 6. D. W. McEachern, Administrator, etc., petitioner, v. J. T.
Rose, Former Collector of Internal Revenue, etc. Argument con-
tinued by Mr. Guy Patten for the respondent and concluded by Mr.
William A. Sutherland for the petitioner.
No. 11. The United States of America, petitioner, v. Angie Crook
Williams. Argued by Mr. Julius C. Martin for the petitioner and
by Mr. Frank C. Wade for the respondent.
No. 12. A. M. Anderson, Receiver, etc., petitioner, v. Peter L. Ath-
erton, Administrator, etc., et al. Argued by Mr. George P. Barse
and Mr. Eugene P. Locke for the petitioner and by Mr. John C.
Doolan for the respondents.
No. 13. United Gas Public Service Company, appellant, v. State of
Texas et al. Argument commenced by Mr. F. G. Coates for the
appellant and continued by Mr. Alfred M. Scott for the appellees.
Adjourned until Monday next at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Monday, October 18, will be as follows: Nos. 13,
14, 15, 16, 19 (and 59), 22, 17, 20, 21, and 33.
X
1974637– -9

MONDAY, OCTOBER 18, 1937
40
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: The Chief Justice, Mr. Justice McReynolds, Mr. Justice
Brandeis, Mr. Justice Sutherland, Mr. Justice Butler, Mr. Justice
Stone, Mr. Justice Roberts, Mr. Justice Cardozo, and Mr. Justice
.Black.
Edwin B. Wolchok, of New York City: Paul R. Shafer, of Terre
Haute, Ind.; George G. Tyler, of New York City; Chas. W. Matten,
of Reading, Pa.; Horace J. Donnelly, Jr., of Washington, D. C.;
Milnor E. Gleaves, of Denver, Colo.; Randolph L. Carter, of San
Antonio, Tex.; Philip J. Aronson, of Boston, Mass.; Israel Gorovitz,
of Boston, Mass.; Joseph A. Carey, of Washington, D. C.; Ralph H.
Campbell, of Salem, Oreg.; Lawrence W. Hobbs, of Portland, Oreg.;
Frank B. Ingersoll, of Pittsburgh, Pa.: William J. Kyle, Jr., of
Pittsburgh, Pa.; Jeanne S. B. Brody, of Boston, Mass.; Frederick S.
Jacobsen, of Helena, Mont.; and Edmund Dillon Mulville, of Wash-
ington, D. C., were admitted to practice.
The Chief Justice announced the following orders of the Court:
No. 423. Lawrence Hanfgarn, appellant, v. George Mark. Appeal
from the Supreme Court of the State of New York. Per curiam: The
appeal herein is dismissed for the want of a substantial federal ques-
tion. Second Employers' Liability Cases, 223 U. S. 1, 50; New York
Central R. R. Co. v. White, 243 U. S. 188, 198; Silver v. Silver, 280
U. S. 117, 122; Fearon v. Treanor, 300 U. S.- (decided May 24, 1937).
No. 426. J. Bacon & Sons, appellant, v. James W. Martin, Indi-
vidually and as Commissioner of Revenue of The Commonwealth of
Kentucky. Appeal from the Court of Appeals of the Commonwealth
of Kentucky. Per curiam: The appeal herein is dismissed as it does
not appear from the record that there is a final judgment. Haseltine
v. Central Bank of Springfield (No. 1), 183 U. S. 130, 131; McComb,
Executor, v. Commissioners, 91 U. S. 1; Moore v. Robbins, 18 Wall.
588; McGourkey v. Toledo & Ohio Railway, 146 U. S. 536, 545; Union
Mutual Life Ins. Co. v. Kirchoff, 160 U. S. 374, 378; Great Western
Telegraph Co. v. Burnham, 162 U. S. 339, 345, 346; American Bakeries
Co. v. Huntsville, 299 U. S. 514.
19746 37 10

MONDAY, OCTOBER 18, 1937
41
No. 440. Samuel J. Morris, appellant, v. The State of Alabama.
Appeal from the Supreme Court of the State of Alabama. Per
curiam: The appeal herein is dismissed (1) for the want of a substan-
tial federal question, Missouri v. Lewis, 101 U. S. 22, 30, 31; Gardner
v. Michigan, 199 U. S. 325, 333, 334; Ft. Smith Light Co. v. Paving
Dist., 274 U. S. 387, 391; Ohio v. Akron Park District, 281 U. S. 74.
81; (2) for the want of a properly presented federal question, Citizens'
Savings Bank v. Owensboro, 173 U. S. 636, 643; New York v. Kleinert,
268 U. S. 646, 650; White River Co. v. Arkansas, 279 U. S. 692, 700.
The motion for leave to proceed further herein in forma pauperis is
denied.
No. 4. Phillips Pipe Line Company, appellant, v. The State of
Missouri. Appeal from the Supreme Court of the State of Missouri.
Per curiam: The judgment is affirmed. East Ohio Gas Co. v. Tax
Commissioner, 283 U. S. 465, 470, 471; Southern Gas Corp. v. Ala-
bama, 301 U. S. 148, 154. Mr. Justice Roberts took no part in the
consideration and decision of this case.
No. 12. A. M. Anderson, Receiver of the National Bank of Ken-
tucky of Louisville, petitioner, v. Peter L. Atherton, Administrator,
On writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of Ap-
peals for the Sixth Circuit. Per curiam: The Court is of the opinion
that the Circuit Court of Appeals was in error in ruling that, in the
absence of a cross appeal, the question whether common law liability
for negligence would support the decree was not before the court for
review. United States v. American Express Co., 265 U. S. 425, 435,
436; Langnes v. Green, 282 U. S. 531, 538, 539; Public Service Com-
mission v. Havemeyer, 296 U. S. 506, 509; United States v. Curtiss-
Wright Corporation, 299 U. S. 304, 330; Morley Construction Co. v.
Maryland Casualty Co., 300 U. S. 185, 191. The decree of the Cir-
cuit Court of Appeals is reversed and the cause is remanded to that
court for the determination of that question.
The Chief Justice said:
"The other orders of the Court appear upon the list certified by the
Chief Justice and filed with the Clerk and will not be announced
orally."
No. Ex parte Clarence M. Brummett, petitioner. The applica-
tion herein is denied.
-
No. Ex parte Sophy Callahan, petitioner. The application
herein is denied.
No. 229. Jesse C. Duke, petitioner, v. The United States of Amer-
ica. The motion to stay the order denying petition for writ of
certiorari pending the filing and action on a petition for rehearing is
granted.

MONDAY, OCTOBER 18, 1937
42
No. 385. Georgia M. Spruill, petitioner, v. Harriet T. Serven. The
motion to withhold the order denying petition for writ of certiorari
is denied.
No. 451. John Francis Hunter, petitioner, v. Commonwealth of
Virginia. On petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court
of Appeals of the Commonwealth of Virginia;
No. 462. David Paris, petitioner, v. The United States of America.
On petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court
of Appeals for the Second Circuit; and
No. 465. Thurman A. Brown, petitioner, v. James A. Johnston,
Warden, United States Penitentiary, Alcatraz Island, California.
On petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court
of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit. The motions for leave to pro-
ceed further herein in forma pauperis are denied for the reason that
the Court, upon examination of the papers herein submitted, finds
no ground upon which writs of certiorari should be issued. The peti-
tions for writs of certiorari are therefore also denied.
No. 380. The people of the State of New York, ex rel. Consolidated
Water Company of Utica, New York, appellant, v. Milo R. Maltbie
et al., etc. In this case probable jurisdiction is noted. Further con-
sideration of the motion to dismiss or affirm is postponed to the hear-
ing of the case on the merits.
No. 415. Escanaba and Lake Superior Railroad Company, appel-
lant, v. The United States of America et al. In this case probable
jurisdiction is noted.
No. 319. Robert K. Mookini and Lee Sau Chong, petitioners, v.
The United States of America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit
granted.
No. 362. The Century Indemnity Company, petitioner, v. G. Nel-
son. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit
Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit granted.
No. 365. Noah Adair, petitioner, v. Bank of America National
Trust and Savings Association. Petition for writ of certiorari to
the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit
granted.
No. 375. Thomas B. Hassett, Individually, etc., petitioner, v. E.
Sohier Welch et al., Executors. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the First Circuit granted.
No. 374. Ticonic National Bank et al., petitioners, v. Lottie F.
Sprague et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Circuit Court of Appeals for the First Circuit granted, limited to
the question as to the allowance of interest.

MONDAY, OCTOBER 18, 1937
43
No. 343. Lever Brothers Company, petitioner, v. Colgate-Palm-
olive-Peet Company et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Seventh Circuit de-
nied. Mr. Justice Stone took no part in the consideration and deci-
sion of this application.
No. 348. Pacific Coast Biscuit Co., a New Jersey Corporation, pe-
titioner, v. The United States. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
Court of Claims denied.
No. 353. Frank J. Ryan and Ryan Florida Corporation, petition-
ers, v. M. U. Newfield, Individually, etc.;
No. 354. Frank J. Ryan and Ryan Florida Corporation, petitioners,
v. M. U. Newfield, Individually, etc.; and
No. 355. Florida Tex Oil Company, a corporation, etc., et al.,
petitioners, v. Robert L. Ballentine, Individually, etc. Petitions for
writs of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for
the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 356. S. P. Kelly, Trustee, etc., petitioner, v. The United States
of America et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Circuit Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit denied.
No. 359. Lela Mae Bethke et al., petitioners, v. Grayburg Oil Com-
pany. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit
Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 361. The Chase National Bank of the City of New York et al.,
petitioners, v. James B. Malone, as Receiver, etc., et al. Petition for
writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for
the Sixth Circuit denied.
No. 363. Charles O. Long, petitioner, v. The United States of
America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit
Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit denied.
No. 364. William L. Bacon, petitioner, v. Northern Pacific Rail-
way Company. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Circuit Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit denied.
No. 368. The Jeffery-De Witt Insulator Company, petitioner, v.
The National Labor Relations Board. Petition for writ of certiorari
to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Fourth Circuit
denied.
No. 371. Pacific Hotel Apartment Company, petitioner, v. Arcady-
Wilshire Company et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United
States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit denied.
No. 372. Mark Graves, John J. Merrill et al., etc., petitioners, v.
Marion Brown Elliott et al., etc. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
Surrogates' Court of New York County, State of New York, denied.

MONDAY, OCTOBER 18, 1937
44
No. 379. Briarcliff Investment Company, petitioner, v. Commis-
sioner of Internal Revenue. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 381. William B. Haffner and Madeleine B. Haffner, petition-
ers, v. Commissioner of Internal Revenue. Petition for writ of cer-
tiorari to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Second
Circuit denied.
No. 382. General Baking Company, petitioner, v. Goldblatt Bros.,
Inc. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit
Court of Appeals for the Seventh Circuit denied.
No. 386. Plapao Laboratories, Inc., et al., petitioners, v. James A.
Farley, Postmaster General of the United States of America. Peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for
the District of Columbia denied.
No. 400. Lyon Incorporated and Lyon Cover Company, petitioners,
v. Clayton & Lambert Manufacturing Company. Petition for writ
of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the
Third Circuit denied.
No. 935. October Term 1936. Thomas P. Ratigan, Jr., petitioner,
v. The United States of America. Petition for rehearing denied.
ORDER
The Court will take a recess from Monday, October 25, to Mon-
day, November 8, next.
No. 144. D. B. Heiner, Individually and as Former Collector of
Internal Revenue, etc., petitioner, v. A. W. Mellon. Paul Mellon,
David K. E. Bruce, and Donald D. Shepard, Executors of the Estate
of A. W. Mellon, substituted as parties respondent in place of A. W.
Mellon, deceased, on motion of Mr. William Wallace Booth for the
respondents.
No. 298. United States, ex relatione Societe De Condensation et
D'Applications Mecaniques, petitioner, v. Conway P. Coe, Commis-
sioner of Patents. Motion to withhold order denying petition for
writ of certiorari submitted by Mr. Reeve Lewis for the petitioner.
No. 409. The New York Central Railroad Company, petitioner, v.
The Cincinnati Union Stock Yard Company. On petition for writ
of certiorari to the Supreme Court of the State of Ohio; and
No. 410. The New York Central Railroad Company, petitioner,
v. The Cincinnati Union Stock Yard Company. On petition for writ

4
MONDAY, OCTOBER 18, 1937
45
of certiorari to the Court of Appeals of Hamilton County, State of
Ohio. Petitions for writs of certiorari dismissed on motion of counsel
for the petitioner.
No. 13. United Gas Public Service Company, appellant, v. State
of Texas et al. Argument continued by Mr. Alfred M. Scott and by
Mr. Edward H. Lange for the appellees and concluded by Mr. F. G.
Coates for the appellant.
No. 14. Federal Trade Commission, petitioner, v. Standard Educa-
tion Society et al. Argued by Mr. Assistant Attorney General Jack-
son for the petitioner and by Mr. Henry Ward Beer for the
respondents.
No. 15. Arthur G. Bogardus, petitioner, v. Commissioner of In-
ternal Revenue. Argued by Mr. William D. Whitney for the peti-
tioner and by Mr. A. F. Prescott for the respondent.
No. 16. Henry O. Hale and Elizabeth C. Hale, appellants, v. The
Iowa State Board of Assessment and Review. Argument com-
menced by Mr. Alan Loth for the appellants.
Adjourned until tomorrow at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Tuesday, October 19, will be as follows: Nos.
16, 19 (and 59), 22, 17, 20, 21, 33, 23 (and 24), 25, and 27.

TUESDAY, OCTOBER 19, 1937
46
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: The Chief Justice, Mr. Justice McReynolds, Mr. Justice
Brandeis, Mr. Justice Sutherland, Mr. Justice Butler, Mr. Justice
Stone, Mr. Justice Roberts, Mr. Justice Cardozo, and Mr. Justice
Black.
Freeman J. Daniels, of New York City; Sophie G. Friedman,
of Memphis, Tenn.; and Peter P. Gilbert, of Detroit, Mich., were
admitted to practice.
No. 16. Henry O. Hale and Elizabeth C. Hale, appellants, v. The
Iowa State Board of Assessment and Review. Argument continued
by Mr. Alan Loth for the appellants; by Mr. Clair E. Hamilton
for the appellee; and concluded by Mr. William L. Hassett for the
appellants.
No. 19. Bradley W. Palmer, petitioner, v. Commissioner of Inter-
nal Revenue; and
No. 59. Guy T. Helvering, Commissioner of Internal Revenue,
petitioner, v. Bradley W. Palmer. Argued by Mr. Robert G. Dodge
for Palmer and by Mr. Assistant Attorney General Morris for
Helvering, Commissioner.
No. 22. Oscar F. Mayer, petitioner, v. Commissioner of Internal
Revenue. Argued by Mr. Llewellyn A. Luce for the petitioner and
by Mr. Assistant Attorney General Morris for the respondent.
No. 17. Texas & New Orleans Railroad Company et al., petitioners,
v. Emma E. Neill et al. Argument commenced by Mr. Harper Mac-
farlane for the petitioners.
Adjourned until tomorrow at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Wednesday, October 20, will be as follows: Nos.
17, 20, 21, 33, 23 (and 24), 25, 27, 29, 30, and 35.
19746-37-—11
Х

WEDNESDAY, OCTOBER 20, 1937
47
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: The Chief Justice, Mr. Justice McReynolds, Mr. Justice
Brandeis, Mr. Justice Sutherland, Mr. Justice Butler, Mr. Justice
Stone, Mr. Justice Roberts, Mr. Justice Cardozo, and Mr. Justice
Black.
Benjamin L. Cash, of Chattanooga, Tenn.; Edward M. Colbach,
of Chicago, Ill.; Jonas Robert Cohler, of Chicago, Ill.; George Wil-
liam Ott, of Chicago, Ill.; John M. Haverty, of Pittsburgh, Pa.;
John M. Haverty, Jr., of Pittsburgh, Pa.; William E. Walsh, II, of
Marshfield, Oreg.; and Bernard T. Foley, of Erie, Pa., were
admitted to practice.
No. 17. Texas & New Orleans Railroad Company et al., petitioners,
v. Emma E. Neill et al. Argument continued by Mr. Harper Mac-
farlane for the petitioners; by Mr. H. C. Carter for the respondents;
and concluded by Mr. W. L. Matthews for the petitioners.
No. 20. Thomas W. White, Individually and as Former Collector
of Internal Revenue, petitioner, v. Philip J. Aronson, Trustee. Leave
granted Paul A. Freund, Esq., to appear and present oral argument
for the petitioner, pro hac vice, on motion of Mr. Solicitor General
Reed.
No. 20. Thomas W. White, Individually and as Former Collector
of Internal Revenue, petitioner, v. Philip J. Aronson, Trustee.
Argued by Mr. Paul A. Freund for the petitioner, pro hac vice, by
special leave of Court, and by Mr. Israel Gorovitz and Mr. Samuel
Gottlieb for the respondent.
No. 21. Herman C. Groman, petitioner, v. Commissioner of In-
ternal Revenue. Argument commenced by Mr. Egbert Robertson
for the petitioner.
Adjourned until tomorrow at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Thursday, October 21, will be as follows: Nos.
21, 33, 23 (and 24), 25, 27 (and 29), 30, 28, 35, and 37.
19746-37--12

THURSDAY, OCTOBER 21, 1937
48
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: The Chief Justice, Mr. Justice McReynolds, Mr. Justice
Brandeis, Mr. Justice Sutherland, Mr. Justice Butler, Mr. Justice
Stone, Mr. Justice Roberts, Mr. Justice Cardozo, and Mr. Justice
Black.
Richard P. Robbins, of West Palm Beach, Fla.; Adolph Moses II,
of Chicago, Ill.; Burton R. Laub, of Erie, Pa.; William F. Illig,
of Erie, Pa.; Charles C. Gammons, of Wilmington, Del.; Robert
Ogden, of Dallas, Tex.; Matthew C. Cary, of Washington, D. C.;
Ernest R. Feidler, of Superior, Wisc.; Hamilton K. Beebe, of Chi-
cago, Ill.; Fred L. Wham, Jr., of Chicago, Ill.; Irving J. A. Renno,
of Miami, Fla.; and Mortimer E. Graham, of Erie, Pa., were ad-
mitted to practice.
No. 21. Herman C. Groman, petitioner, v. Commissioner of Inter-
nal Revenue. Argument continued by Mr. Egbert Robertson for
the petitioner; by Mr. J. Louis Monarch for the respondent; and con-
cluded by Mr. Egbert Robertson for the petitioner.
No. 33. Guy T. Helvering, Commissioner of Internal Revenues,
petitioner, v. Raymond I. Bashford. Argued by Mr. J. Louis Mon-
arch for the petitioner and by Mr. Walter G. Moyle for the re-
spondent.
No. 23. Chicago Title and Trust Company, as Successor Trustee,
etc., petitioner, v. Forty-one Thirty-six Wilcox Building Corpora-
tion; and
No. 24. Chicago Title and Trust Company, as Successor Trustee,
etc., petitioner, v. Forty-one Thirty-six Wilcox Building Corporation.
Argued by Mr. Frank H. Towner for the petitioner and by Mr.
George I. Haight for the respondent.
No. 25. Commonwealth of Pennsylvania, ex rel. Elmer Sullivan,
petitioner, v. Stanley Ashe, Warden, etc. Argument commenced by
Mr. William J. Hughes, Jr., for the petitioner.
Adjourned until tomorrow at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Friday, October 22, will be as follows: Nos. 25,
27 (and 29), 30, and 28.
☑
19746-37-13

FRIDAY, OCTOBER 22, 1937
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
49
Present: The Chief Justice, Mr. Justice McReynolds, Mr. Justice
Brandeis, Mr. Justice Sutherland, Mr. Justice Butler, Mr. Justice
Stone, Mr. Justice Roberts, Mr. Justice Cardozo, and Mr. Justice
Black.
Lewis Allen Sigler, of Springfield, Mo.; Roe Mitchell Barrett, of
Santa Rosa, Calif.; Clark M. Robertson, of Milwaukee, Wis.; Solo-
mon S. Goldsmith, of New York City; R. Alvin Purcell, of Grand
Forks, N. Dak.; J. K. Murray, of Mott, N. Dak.; William J. Oven,
Jr., of Tallahassee, Fla.; Dana E. Brinck, of Spokane, Wash.; Doug-
las F. Smith, of Chicago, Ill.; Sam A. Billingsley, of Ft. Worth,
Tex.; Charles N. Orr, of St. Paul, Minn.; Frederick J. Miller, of
Little Falls, Minn.; Milton Gordon, of Boston, Mass.; and William
J. MacKenzie, of Chicago, Ill., were admitted to practice.
No. 28. State of Texas and J. C. Clopton et al., etc., petitioners, v.
David Donoghue, Trustee, etc. Submitted by Mr. Wm. McCraw,
Mr. Wm. C. Davis, Mr. W. J. Holt, Mr. Earl Street, Mr. Charles M.
Kennedy, and Mr. Wm. Madden Hill for the petitioners, and by
Mr. W. B. Harrell for the respondent.
No. 28. State of Texas and J. C. Clopton et al., etc., petitioners, v.
David Donoghue, Trustee, etc. The Court directs that oral argu-
ment be presented by the petitioners and respondent and the case is
set for oral argument on Wednesday, November 10, next.
No. 25. Commonwealth of Pennsylvania, ex rel. Elmer Sullivan,
petitioner, v. Stanley Ashe, Warden, etc. Argument continued by
Mr. Wm. J. Hughes, Jr., for the petitioner; by Mr. Adrian Bonnelly
and Mr. Burton R. Laub for the respondent; and concluded by Mr.
Bernard T. Foley for the petitioner.
No. 27. Guy T. Helvering, Commissioner of Internal Revenue,
petitioner, v. H. C. Gowran; and
No. 29. Guy T. Helvering, Commissioner of Internal Revenue,
petitioner, v. Annie M. Pfeiffer. Argued by Mr. Assistant Attorney
General Jackson for the petitioner and by Mr. John C. Altman and
Mr. A. L. Nash for the respondents.
Adjourned until Monday, October 25 next, at 12 o'clock.
19746-37-14
Х

MONDAY, OCTOBER 25, 1937
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
50
Present: The Chief Justice, Mr. Justice McReynolds, Mr. Justice
Brandeis, Mr. Justice Sutherland, Mr. Justice Butler, Mr. Justice.
Stone, Mr. Justice Roberts, Mr. Justice Cardozo, and Mr. Justice
Black.
Victor C. Swearingen, of Lansing, Mich.; Ralph W. Wilkins, of
Columbus, Ohio; William Meyer, of Butte, Mont.; Donald M. Gibbs,
of Urbana, Ohio; Edward J. Ennis, of New York City; Henderson
Mathews, of New York City; Maurice W. Acers, of Dallas, Tex.;
Daniel E. Crowley, of Biddeford, Maine; Robert R. Rissman, of
Chicago, Ill.; William E. Treadway, of Spencer, Ind.; D. L. Mur-
row, of Des Moines, Iowa; Rex H. Fowler, of Des Moines, Iowa;
Lewis E. Roddewig, of Davenport, Iowa; Bart F. Wade, of Los
Angeles, Calif.; Herbert R. Carter, of Chicago, Ill.; George A.
Saden, of Bridgeport, Conn.; and A. V. Cherbonnier, of New York
City, were admitted to practice.
The Chief Justice said:
"The orders of the Court appear upon the list certified by the
Chief Justice and filed with the Clerk and will not be announced
orally."
No. 434. Municipal City of South Bend, Indiana, appellant, v.
John F. DeHaven, Treasurer of St. Joseph County, Indiana, et al.
Appeal from the Supreme Court of the State of Indiana. Per
curiam: The motion of the appellees to dismiss the appeal is granted
and the appeal is dismissed for the want of a properly presented
substantial federal question. (1) Citizens' Savings Bank v. Owens-
boro, 173 U. S. 636, 643; Cleveland & Pittsburgh R. R. v. Cleveland,
235 U. S. 50, 53; White River Co. v. Arkansas, 279 U. S. 692, 700;
Collins v. Streitz, 298 U. S. 640. (2) Pawhuska v. Pawhuska Oil
& Gas Co., 250 U. S. 394: Trenton c. New Jersey, 262 U. S. 182; City
of Holton v. Kansas State Bank. 300 U. S. 641.
No. 475. Mississippi Power & Light Company et al., appellants, v.
Julius Lowe et al. Appeal from the Supreme Court of the State of
Mississippi. Per curiam: The appeal herein is dismissed for the
want of a substantial federal question. Cincinnati Street Railway
Co. v. Snell, 193 U. S. 30, 36, 37; Bain Peanut Co. v. Pinson, 282
U. S. 499, 501; Wisconsin v. Zimmerman, 299 U. S. 504.
19746-37-15

MONDAY, OCTOBER 25, 1937
51
No. 477. Phillips Petroleum Company, appellant, v. State of Iowa
and Leo J. Wegman, Treasurer of the State of Iowa. Appeal from
the Supreme Court of the State of Iowa. Per curiam: The motion
of the appellees to dismiss the appeal is granted and the appeal is
dismissed for the want of a substantial federal question. Monamo-
tor Oil Co. v. Johnson, 292 U. S. 86, 93, 94; Wiloil Corp. v. Pennsyl-
vania, 294 U. S. 169, 175; Henneford v. Silas Mason Co., 300 U. S.
577, 582, 583; Mr. Justice Roberts took no part in the consideration
or decision of this case.
No. 17. Texas & New Orleans Railroad Company et al., petitioners.
v. Emma E. Neill et al. On writ of certiorari to the Court of Civil
Appeals, 4th Supreme Judicial District, State of Texas. Per curiam:
At it appears, upon hearing argument, that the only substantial
question involved is one of practice under the laws of the State, the
writ of certiorari is dismissed.
No. 298. United States, ex relatione Societe De Condensation et
D'Applications Mecaniques, petitioner, v. Conway P. Coe, Commis-
sioner of Patents. The motion to stay the order denying petition
for writ of certiorari is denied.
No. 495. David F. Mitchell, Edith C. Worley et al., petitioners, v.
The Supreme Court of the State of Florida et al. On petition for
writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of the State of Florida; and
No. 275. David B. Hawkins, petitioner, v. The United States of
America. On petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Circuit Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit. The motions for
leave to proceed further herein in forma pauperis are denied for
the reason that the Court upon examination of the papers herein
submitted finds no ground upon which writs of certiorari should
be issued. The petitions for writs of certiorari are therefore also
denied.
No. 458. Milton Coverdale, Sheriff etc., appellant, v. Arkansas-
Louisiana Pipe Line Company. In this case probable jurisdiction
is noted.
No. 435. New York Rapid Transit Corporation, appellant, v. The
City of New York; and
No. 436. Brooklyn and Queens Transit Corporation, appellant, v.
The City of New York. In these cases probable jurisdiction is
noted. The Chief Justice took no part in the consideration and
decision of this question.
No. 439. The United States of America, appellant, v. Philip Klein,
Escheator of the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania. In this case
probable jurisdiction is noted. Further consideration of the ques-
tion of the motion to dismiss or affirm is postponed to the hearing
of the case on the merits.

MONDAY, OCTOBER 25, 1937
52
No. 447. Schuylkill Trust Company, appellant, v. The Common-
wealth of Pennsylvania. In this case probable jurisdiction is noted.
The motion to advance is granted and the case is assigned for argu-
ment on Monday, December 6, next.
No. 427. Eugene Szold, appellant, v. Outlet Embroidery Supply
Co., Inc. Further consideration of the question of the jurisdiction
of this Court in this case is postponed to the hearing of the case on
the merits.
No. 437. M. C. Hinderlider, as State Engineer, etc., et al., ap-
pellants, v. The LaPlata River and Cherry Creek Ditch Company.
Further consideration of the question of the jurisdiction of this Court
and of the motion to dismiss is postponed to the hearing of the case on
the merits. The Court directs the attention of the Attorney General
of the United States to this case, in which the validity of a compact
between the States of Colorado and New Mexico of November 27, 1922,
approved by Congress on January 29, 1925, is attacked upon the
ground that the compact constitutes an unconstitutional interference
with the alleged rights of the plaintiff; and the Court invites the
Attorney General to submit his views upon the question whether the
Act of August 24, 1937, 75th Congress, 1st Session, Chapter 754, is
applicable.
,
No. 387. Guy T. Helvering, Commissioner of Internal Revenue, pe-
titioner, v. Bankline Oil Company; and
No. 388. Bankline Oil Company, petitioner, v. Commissioner of
Internal Revenue. Petitions for writs of certiorari to the United
States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit granted.
No. 397. Duke Power Company and Southern Public Utilities
Company, petitioners, v. Greenwood County et al. Petition for writ
of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the
Fourth Circuit granted and case set for hearing immediately fol-
lowing Nos. 84 and 85. The cases are assigned for argument on
Monday, December 6, next.
No. 406. Guy T. Helvering, Commissioner of Internal Revenue,
petitioner, v. Thomas A. O'Donnell. Petition for writ of certiorari
to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit
granted and case assigned for argument immediately following Nos.
387 and 388.
No. 396. Kellogg Company, petitioner, v. National Biscuit Com-
pany. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit.
Court of Appeals for the Third Circuit denied. Mr. Justice Stone
and Mr. Justice Roberts took no part in the consideration and deci-
sion of this application.
No. 403. Haywood Patterson, petitioner, v. State of Alabama. Pe-
tition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of the State of

MONDAY, OCTOBER 25, 1937
53
Alabama denied. Mr. Justice Black took no part in the considera-
tion and decision of this application.
No. 294. General Electric Company, petitioner, v. Amperex Elec-
tronic Products, Inc., et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit
denied.
No. 389. John Zahariadis, petitioner, v. Frank Hays, Jr., Di-
visional Director of Immigration and Naturalization. Petition for
writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for
the Eighth Circuit denied.
No. 390. Indianapolis Amusement Company, petitioner, v. Metro-
Goldwyn-Mayer Distributing Corporation et al. Petition for writ
of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the
Seventh Circuit denied.
No. 394. The Murine Company, Incorporated, petitioner, v. The
United States of America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Seventh Circuit
denied.
No. 395. Snell Isle, Incorporated, petitioner, v. Commissioner of
Internal Revenue. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United
States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 399. Santly Bros., Inc., and Bernice Petkere, petitioners, v.
W. A. Wilkie, Sometimes known as Bud Wilkie. Petition for writ
of certiorari to the United State Circuit Court of Appeals for the
Second Circuit denied.
No. 401. Eastland Company, petitioner, v. Federal Communica-
tions Commission et al.; and
No. 402. Congress Square Hotel Company, petitioner, v. Federal
Communications Commission et al. Petition for writs of certiorari
to the United States Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia
denied.
No. 404. Elisabeth R. Crossett, petitioner, v. Commissioner of In-
ternal Revenue. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia denied.
No. 405. Guaranty Trust Company of New York, as Trustee, et al.,
petitioners, v. Guy A. Thompson, as Trustee, etc. Petition for writ
of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the
Eighth Circuit denied.
No. 407. The Sanitary District of Chicago, petitioner, v. Activated
Sludge, Inc., et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United
States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Seventh Circuit denied.
No. 411. Royal Indemnity Company, a corporation, et al., peti-
tioners, v. Frank A. Cardillo, Deputy Commissioner, United States

MONDAY, OCTOBER 25, 1937
54
Employees' Compensation Commission and James S. Rennie. Peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for
the District of Columbia denied.
No. —. Ex Parte Sophy Callahan, petitioner; and
-
No. 235. James E. Bennett, Frank A. Miller, et al., petitioners, v.
Board of Trade of the City of Chicago et al. Petitions for rehearing
denied.
No. 479. Edna Victoria Jackson, petitioner, v. The First National
Bank in Ada, Oklahoma. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Su-
preme Court of the State of Oklahoma dismissed on motion of
counsel for the petitioner.
Adjourned until Monday, November 8, at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Monday, November 8, will be as follows: Nos.
230, 281, 18, 26, 87, 30, 32, 34, 35, and 37.

MONDAY, NOVEMBER 8, 1937
55
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: The Chief Justice, Mr. Justice McReynolds, Mr. Justice
Brandeis, Mr. Justice Sutherland, Mr. Justice Butler, Mr. Justice
Stone, Mr. Justice Roberts, Mr. Justice Cardozo, and Mr. Justice
Black.
Joe D. Hughes, of Washington, D. C.; Fred E. Strine, of Wash-
ington, D. C.; Eugene Black, of Washington, D. C.; Oldham Clarke,
of Louisville, Ky.; Oliver Lander Bright, of Washington, D. C.;
Eugene O'Dunne, Jr., of Baltimore, Md.; Henry C. Coke, Jr., of
Dallas, Texas; Arthur B. Bakalar, of San Francisco, Calif.; Oswald
H. Milmore, of Berkeley, Calif.; Arthur Worischek, of Washington,
D. C.; Malcolm E. Spencer, of Springfield, Ohio; Ben J. Goldman, of
Springfield, Ohio; William R. Scott, of Pittsburgh, Pa.; Arthur D.
Condon, of Washington, D. C.; Frederick J. Heid, Jr., of Tulare,
Calif.; Dan R. Schwartz, of Jacksonville, Fla.; William Davis Butts,
of Newport News, Va.; Abraham Chaifetz, of Washington, D. C.;
Oscar B. Frazer, of New York City; Harold L. Warner, of Brooklyn,
N. Y.; George D. Yeomans, of New York City; Samuel J. Rose, of
Johnson City, Tenn.; William H. Hotchkiss, of New York City;
Percy H. Russell, Jr., of Washington, D. C.; Jacob J. Shapiro, of
Springfield, Mass.; John J. George, of Springfield, Mass.; R. G.
Kelly of Charleston, W. Va.; Edward Clark Lukens, of Philadelphia,
Pa.; James F. Gray, of Dallas, Tex.; Lucien W. Shaw, of Washing-
ton, D. C.; Roger John Traynor, of Berkeley, Calif.; Harry R. Booth,
of Chicago, Ill.; and William Robert Ming, Jr., of Chicago, Ill., were
admitted to practice.
No. 14. Federal Trade Commission, peitioner, v. Standard Educa-
tion Society et al. On writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit
Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit. Decree of the Circuit
Court of Appeals reversed except as to modification of clause ten of
the Federal Trade Commission's order, and cause remanded to the
Circuit Court of Appeals for further proceedings in conformity
with the opinion of this Court. Opinion by Mr. Justice Black.
No. 68. Puget Sound Stevedoring Company, appellant, v. The Tax
Commission of the State of Washington et al., etc. Appeal from the
Supreme Court of the State of Washington. Decree modified as
indicated in the opinion and cause remanded to said Supreme Court
19746-37-16

MONDAY, NOVEMBER 8, 1937
56
for further proceedings not inconsistent with the opinion of this
Court. Opinion by Mr. Justice Cardozo.
No. 16. Henry O. Hale and Elizabeth C. Hale, appellants, v. The
Iowa State Board of Assessment and Review. Appeal from the Su-
preme Court of the State of Iowa. Judgment affirmed with costs.
Opinion by Mr. Justice Cardozo. Dissenting opinion by Mr. Justice
Sutherland in which Mr. Justice McReynolds and Mr. Justice Butler
join.
No. 5. Chester C. Dodge, Catherine L. Baird, et al., appellants, v.
Board of Education of the City of Chicago et al. Appeal from the
Supreme Court of the State of Illinois. Judgment affirmed with
costs. Opinion by Mr. Justice Roberts.
No. 21. Herman C. Groman, petitioner, v. Commissioner of In-
ternal Revenue. On writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit
Court of Appeals for the Seventh Circuit. Judgment affirmed and
cause remanded to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for
the Seventh Circuit. Opinion by Mr. Justice Roberts. Mr. Justice
Black took no part in the consideration or decision of this case.
No. 6. D. W. McEachern, Administrator of the estate of S. C. Mc-
Eachern, deceased, petitioner, v. T. J. Rose, Former Collector of
Internal Revenue for the District of Georgia. On writ of certiorari
to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit.
Judgment reversed with costs and cause remanded to the District
Court of the United States for the Northern District of Georgia
for further proceedings in conformity with the opinion of this Court.
Opinion by Mr. Justice Stone.
No. 19. Bradley W. Palmer, petitioner, v. Commissioner of In-
ternal Revenue; and
No. 59. Guy T. Helvering, Commissioner of Internal Revenue,
petitioner, v. Bradley W. Palmer. On writs of certiorari to the
United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the First Circuit. In
No. 59 writ of certiorari dismissed. In No. 19 judgment reversed
and cause remanded to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals
for the First Circuit for further proceedings in conformity with the
opinion of this Court. Opinion by Mr. Justice Stone.
No. 11. The United States of America, petitioner, v. Angie Crook
Williams. On writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court
of Appeals for the Seventh Circuit. Judgment reversed and cause
remanded to the District Court of the United States for the North-
ern District of Illinois for further proceedings in conformity with
the opinion of this Court. Opinion by Mr. Justice Butler.
No. 25. Commonwealth of Pennsylvania, ex rel. Elmer Sullivan,
petitioner, v. Stanley Ashe, Warden, State Penitentiary, Western
District of Pennsylvania. On writ of certiorari to the Supreme

MONDAY, NOVEMBER 8, 1937
57
Court of the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania. Judgment affirmed
with costs. Opinion by Mr. Justice Butler.
No. 15. Arthur G. Bogardus, petitioner, v. Commissioner of In-
ternal Revenue. On writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit
Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit. Judgment reversed and
cause remanded to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for
the Second Circuit for further proceedings in conformity with the
opinion of this Court. Opinion by Mr. Justice Sutherland. Dissent-
ing: Mr. Justice Brandeis, Mr. Justice Stone, Mr. Justice Cardozo,
and Mr. Justice Black.
No. 1. The Atlantic Refining Company, appellant, v. Common-
wealth of Virginia. Appeal from the Supreme Court of Appeals
of the State of Virginia. Judgment affirmed with costs. Opinion
by Mr. Justice Brandeis. The Chief Justice took no part in the
consideration or decision of this case.
No. 20. Thomas W. White, Individually and as Former Collector
of Internal Revenue, petitioner, v. Philip J. Aronson, Trustee. On
writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the First
Circuit. Judgment affirmed with costs and cause remanded to the
District Court of the United States for the District of Massachusetts.
Opinion by Mr. Justice McReynolds. Mr. Justice Stone and Mr.
Justice Cardozo concur in the result.
No. 2. E. Pat Kelly, as Director of the Department of Labor and
Industries of the State of Washington, et al., petitioners, v. State,
of Washington on the relation of Foss Company, Inc., et al. On
writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of the State of Washing-
ton. Judgment reversed with costs and cause remanded to said
Supreme Court for further proceedings not inconsistent with the
opinion of this Court. Opinion by Mr. Chief Justice Hughes.
The Chief Justice announced the following orders of the Court:
No. 491. Reynolds Metals Company, Louisville Industrial Founda-
tion and A. G. Grayburn, appellants, v. James W. Martin, Individu-
ally, etc., et al. Appeal from the Court of Appeals of the Common-
wealth of Kentucky. Per curiam: The appeal herein is dismissed for
the want of a substantial federal question. Southwestern Oil Co. v.
Texas, 217 U. S. 114, 122, 123; Louisville Gas Co. v. Coleman, 277
U. S. 32, 40; Tax Commissioners v. Jackson, 283 U. S. 527, 537;
Union Building Corp. v. Conway, 299 U. S. 515.
No. 509. Jesse E. Eubank, appellant, v. The State of Ohio. Appeal
from the Supreme Court of the State of Ohio. Per curiam: The
appeal herein is dismissed for the want of a substantial federal ques-
tion. Smith v. Alabama, 124 U. S. 465, 480, 482; Dent v. West Vir-
ginia, 129 U. S. 114, 121, 122; Smith v. Texas, 233 U. S. 630, 636, 637;
Graves v. Minnesota, 272 U. S. 425, 427.

MONDAY, NOVEMBER 8, 1937
58
No. 510. O. A. Keach and O. A. Keach, as Executor, etc., appel-
lants, v. Ray McDonald and Cecil McDonald. Appeal from the
Supreme Court of the State of Kansas. Per curiam: The motion of
the appellees to dismiss the appeal is granted and the appeal is dis-
missed for the want of a properly presented substantial federal ques-
tion. (1) Citizens' Savings Bank v. Owensboro, 173 U. S. 636, 643;
Cleveland & Pittsburgh R. R. v. Cleveland, 235 U. S. 50, 53; White
River Co. v. Arkansas, 279 U. S. 692, 700; Collins v. Streitz, 298 U. S.
640; (2) Iowa Central Railway Company v. Iowa, 160 U. S. 389, 393;
French v. Taylor, 199 U. S. 274, 277, 278; Hebert v. Louisiana, 272
U. S. 312, 316.
No. 22. Oscar F. Mayer, petitioner, v. Commissioner of Internal
Revenue. On writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court
of Appeals for the Seventh Circuit. Per curiam: The judgment is
reversed on the authority of Palmer v. Helvering, No. 19 of this
Term, decided this day.
The Chief Justice said:
"The other orders of the Court appear upon the list certified by the
Chief Justice and filed with the Clerk and will not be announced
orally."
ORDER OF ALLOTMENT OF JUSTICES
It is ordered that the following allotment be made of the Chief
Justice and Associate Justices of this Court among the circuits, agree-
ably to the acts of Congress in such case made and provided, and that
such allotment be entered of record, viz:
For the First Circuit, Louis D. Brandeis, Associate Justice.
For the Second Circuit, Harlan F. Stone, Associate Justice.
For the Third Circuit, Owen J. Roberts, Associate Justice.
For the Fourth Circuit, Charles Evans Hughes, Chief Justice.
For the Fifth Circuit, Hugo L. Black, Associate Justice.
For the Sixth Circuit, James C. McReynolds, Associate Justice.
For the Seventh Circuit, Benjamin N. Cardozo, Associate Justice.
For the Eighth Circuit, Pierce Butler, Associate Justice.
For the Ninth Circuit, George Sutherland, Associate Justice.
For the Tenth Circuit, Pierce Butler, Associate Justice.
No. 13. United Gas Public Service Company, appellant, v. State
of Texas et al. Reargument is ordered and the case is set for hearing
on Monday, December 13, 1937. Without restricting argument in
other respects, the Court especially desires to hear the parties on
the state of the evidence as to the effect of the application of the
Commission's rate to the years 1932 and 1933, that is, as to the
revenues and expenses for those years on that basis, and as to the

MONDAY, NOVEMBER 8, 1937
59
effect upon the rights of the appellant, with respect to those years,
of the bond given on its appeal to the Commission.
No. 33. Guy T. Helvering, Commissioner of Internal Revenue,
petitioner, v. Raymond I. Bashford. It is ordered that this case be
restored to the docket and assigned for reargument on Monday,
December 13, next.
No. -, original. Ex parte Charles Elmer Phillips, petitioner.
The motion for leave to file petition for writ of habeas corpus and
the application for bail are denied.
No., original. Ex parte Charles W. Atkins, petitioner;
No., original. Ex parte Charles Lefkowitz, petitioner;
No.
No.
-
-
original. Ex parte Ralph Mark, petitioner;
original. Ex parte Samuel Lesser, petitioner; and
No. -, original. Ex parte Nat J. Humphries, petitioner. The
motions for leave to file petitions for writs of habeas corpus are
denied.
No. -, original. Ex parte Joseph E. Jones, petitioner. The
motion for leave to file a petition for writ of mandamus is denied.
No. 9. Nolen R. Breedlove, appellant, v. T. Earl Suttles, as Tax
Collector. Further consideration of the motion to dismiss is post-
poned to the hearing of the case on the merits.
No. 502. John N. Shannahan and Claude J. Jackson, as Trustees,
etc., et al., appellants, v. The United States of America et al. In this
case probable jurisdiction is noted.
No. 413. National Labor Relations Board, petitioner, v. Pennsyl-
vania Greyhound Lines, Inc., et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to
the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Third Circuit
granted.
No. 445. The United States of America, petitioner, v. Stanley J.
Patryas. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit
Court of Appeals for the Seventh Circuit granted.
No. 453. General Electric Company, petitioner, v. Wabash Ap-
pliance Corporation et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit
granted.
No. 455. Frederick S. Deitrick, Receiver of the Boston-Continental
National Bank, et al., petitioners, v. Standard Surety & Casualty Co.
of New York. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Circuit Court of Appeals for the First Circuit granted.
No. 487. The United States of America, petitioner, v. James E.
O'Donnell et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Circuit Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit granted.

MONDAY, NOVEMBER 8, 1937
60
No. 446. Guy T. Helvering, Commissioner of Internal Revenue,
petitioner, v. Elbe Oil Land Development Company. Petition for
writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals
for the Ninth Circuit granted and the case assigned for hearing im-
mediately following No. 406.
No. 484. Guy T. Helvering, Commissioner of Internal Revenue,
petitioner, v. Charles H. Marshall, Administrator, etc. Petition for
writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for
the Second Circuit granted and the case assigned for hearing imme-
diately following Nos. 349 and 375.
No. 505. Guy T. Helvering, Commissioner of Internal Revenue,
petitioner, v. George W. Elkins. Petition for writ of certiorari to
the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Third Circuit
granted and the case assigned for hearing immediately following
No. 55.
No. 414. William Leader, President of the American Federation
of Full Fashioned Hosiery Workers, etc., et al., petitioners, v. Apex
Hosiery Company. A rule is ordered to issue, returnable on Decem-
ber 6, 1937, requiring the petitioners to show cause why the cause
should not be dismissed upon the ground that the cause is moot.
No. 416. United States of America, ex rel. Nathan Handler, peti-
tioner, v. Henry C. Hill, Warden, etc. Petition for writ of certiorari
to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Third Circuit
denied for the reason that the application for writ of certiorari was
not made within the time provided by law. Section 8 (a), Act of
February 13, 1925 (43 Stat. 936, 940).
No. 450. Haynes Drilling Company, petitioner, v. Indian Terri-
tory Illuminating Oil Company. Petition for writ of certiorari to
the Supreme Court of the State of Oklahoma denied as it does not
appear from the record that there is a final judgment.
No. 370. American Paper Goods Company, petitioner, v. The
United States. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of
Claims denied.
No. 408. The Trustees of Somerset Academy et al., petitioners, v.
Arthur G. Picher, Receiver, Ticonic National Bank. Petition for
writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for
the First Circuit denied.
No. 412. Wabash Railway Company, petitioner, v. James Jenkins,
Administrator, etc. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Kansas
City Court of Appeals, State of Missouri denied.
No. 417. David Buttrick Company et al., petitioners, v. The
United States of America et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to
the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the First Circuit
denied.

MONDAY, NOVEMBER 8, 1937
61
No. 418. William L. Berger, Trustee in Bankruptcy, etc., peti-
tioner, v. Kingsport Press, Inc.; and
No. 419. William L. Berger, Trustee in Bankruptcy, etc., peti-
tioner, v. Kingsport Press, Inc. Petition for writs of certiorari to
the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Sixth Circuit
denied.
No. 420. C. D. Walker, as Trustee, etc., petitioner, v. Florida Fruit
Canners, Inc., etc., et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United
States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 421. Davison Gulfport Fertilizer Company, petitioner, v. Gulf
and Ship Island Railroad Company. Petition for writ of certiorari
to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit
denied.
No. 424. Atlanta Trust Company, petitioner, v. Federal Reserve
Bank of Atlanta, for use of American Surety Company of New
York et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Cir-
cuit Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 425. National Labor Relations Board, petitioner, v. Delaware-
New Jersey Ferry Company. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Third Circuit
denied.
No. 428. Ella D. Rogers, Ella Rogers Deschamps, Individually,
etc., petitioners, v. T. E. Marchant, as Receiver, etc. Petition for
writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals
for the Fourth Circuit denied.
No. 429. Charles W. Cramer, Administrator, etc., petitioner, v.
Phoenix Mutual Life Insurance Company of Hartford, Connecti-
cut, et al.;
No. 430. James S. Coburn, Grace K. Hugh, et al., petitioners, v.
Phoenix Mutual Life Insurance Company of Hartford, Connec-
ticut, et al.;
No. 431. Charles W. Cramer, Administrator, etc., petitioner, v.
Aetna Life Insurance Company et al.; and
No. 432. James S. Coburn, Grace K. Hugh, et al., petitioners, v.
Aetna Life Insurance Company et al. Petition for writs of cer-
tiorari to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the
Eighth Circuit denied.
No. 438. National Quarries Company, petitioner, v. Detroit, To-
ledo & Ironton Railroad Company. Petition for writ of certiorari
to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Sixth Circuit
denied.
No. 441. Matson Navigation Company, petitioner, v. Industrial
Accident Commission of the State of California et al. Petition

MONDAY, NOVEMBER 8, 1937
62
for writ of certiorari to the District Court of Appeals, 1st Appel-
late District, State of California denied.
No. 442. Eva Morgan and Morgan Drew, petitioners, v. Leonard
Bronner, Receiver, etc.; and
No. 443. Katherine M. Drew and Morgan Drew, petitioners, v.
Leonard Bronner, Receiver, etc. Petition for writs of certiorari
to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit
denied.
No. 444. John F. Moran, Receiver, etc., petitioner, v. Sydney B.
Harrison. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia denied.
No. 384. The Sioux Tribe of Indians, petitioner, v. The United
States. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Claims denied.
No. 448. Ernest Cockrell, petitioner, v. Board of Commissioners
of the Buras Levee District and the Parish of Plaquemines. Peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of
Appeals for the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 449. Marvin Farrington and Parrish, Cohen, Guthrie, and
Watters, petitioners, v. Louis H. Pink, Superintendent of Insurance
for the State of New York, et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to
the United States Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia
denied.
No. 452. Griffin Manufacturing Company, petitioner, v. The Boom
Boiler and Welding Company. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Sixth Circuit denied.
No. 454. Standard Oil Company of California, petitioner, v. The
United States of America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit denied.
No. 456. Ocean Accident and Guarantee Corporation, Limited,
petitioner, v. Rebecca Torres. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit denied.
No. 457. The Stuyvesant Insurance Company, petitioner, v. Sussex
Fire Insurance Company. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Third Circuit denied.
No. 460. Associated Investing Corporation, petitioner, v. Utilities
Power & Light Corporation, Debtor, et al.; and
No. 461. Associated Investing Corporation, petitioner, v. Utilities
Power & Light Corporation, Debtor, et al. Petition for writs of
certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the
Seventh Circuit denied.
No. 463. Floyd H. Parker, petitioner, v. Mississippi State Tax
Commission. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court
of the State of Mississippi denied.

MONDAY, NOVEMBER 8, 1937
63
No. 464. Lawrence C. Phipps, petitioner, v. Commissioner of In-
ternal Revenue. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Circuit Court of Appeals for the Tenth Circuit denied.
No. 466. Reading Hotel Corporation, petitioner, v. Protective
Committee for First Mortgage Bondholders of Reading Hotel Cor-
poration et al.;
No. 467. William F. Price and William Mayer, petitioners, v.
Reading Hotel Corporation, Debtor, et al.; and
No. 468. Robert R. Meyer, as a Stockholder of Debtor Corporation,
petitioner, v. Reading Hotel Corporation, Debtor, et al. Petitions
for writs of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals
for the Third Circuit denied.
No. 470. D. A. Schulte, Inc., petitioner, v. Central Manhattan
Properties, Inc., et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United
States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit denied.
No. 471. D. A. Schulte, Inc., petitioner, v. Harold K. Guinzburg
et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit
Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit denied.
No. 472. D. A. Schulte, Inc., petitioner, v. Lee T. Smith and Ber-
nard P. Day, as Trustees, etc. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit
denied.
No. 473. D. A. Schulte, Inc., petitioner, v. William T. McCance,
Frank K. McCance, et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit
denied.
No. 474. Navigazione Libera Triestina, S. A., petitioner, v. Moran
Towing & Transportation Company, Inc. Petition for writ of certi-
orari to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Second
Circuit denied.
No. 480. George W. Green, petitioner, v. The City of Stuart.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court
of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 482. Hiram M. Deem, petitioner, v. Equitable Life Assurance
Society of the United States. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Fourth Circuit denied.
No. 488. Western Maryland Railway Company et al., petitioners,
v. Penn Veneer Company et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to
the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Third Circuit
denied.
No. 163. Thomas J. Brady, petitioner, v. Terminal Railroad Asso-
ciation of St. Louis. It appearing that the judgment of the Supreme
Court of Missouri is a final judgment under the decisions of that
19746-37-17

MONDAY, NOVEMBER 8, 1937
64
Court cited by petitioner in his petition for rehearing, the petition
is granted, the order denying a writ of certiorari is vacated and the
writ of certiorari is granted.
No. 849, October Term, 1936. The State of Ohio, ex rel. Carl
Green, petitioner, v. Charles E. King, Clerk of the Court of Common
Pleas, etc., et al. The motion for leave to file a fourth petition for
rehearing is denied.
No. 564, October Term, 1936. L. Gordon Hamersley, petitioner, v.
The United States;
No. 65. Fred Elliott et al., petitioners, v. University of Illinois
et al.;
No. 88. Burdine C. Anderson et al., petitioners, v. The United
States;
No. 119. The Byrne Manufacturing Company, petitioner, v.
American Flange & Manufacturing Company, Inc.;
No. 132. Elton Cruse, Administrator, et al., petitioners, v. Sabine
Transportation Company, Inc.;
No. 166. Grover C. Buchen et al., petitioners, v. The Bank of
America;
No. 174. R. J. Nitkey, petitioner, v. Joseph A. Ward et al.;
No. 179. Bernie Ray Stewart et al., petitioners, v. Lindsay S. Wall,
Administrator, etc., et al.;
No. 207. The Cincinnati, Newport & Covington Railway Company,
petitioner, v. The City of Cincinnati, Ohio, et al.;
No. 212. Alfred Demarois, petitioner, v. John Farrel, United
States Marshal, etc., et al.;
No. 229. Jesse C. Duke, petitioner, v. The United States of
America;
No. 240. H. L. Lynch, petitioner, v. Helen Kemp;
No. 254. The Diocese of Olympia, Inc., appellant, v. William H.
Pemberton, Supervisor, etc., et al.;
No. 267. Bert Vilas, appellant v. Iowa State Board of Assessment
and Review et al.;
No. 285. Walter G. Roland to the use of Robert P. Shick et al.,
petitioners, v. Harry M. Albright et al.;
No. 298. United States, ex relatione Societe de Condensation et
d'applications Mecaniques, petitioner, v. Conway P. Coe, Commis-
sioner of Patents;
No. 308. Fidelity & Columbia Trust Company, Trustee, etc., peti-
tioner, v. Guy T. Helvering, Commissioner of Internal Revenue;
No. 309. Robert E. McGrath, petitioner, v. Guy T. Helvering,
Commissioner of Internal Revenue;
No. 310. Louisville Trust Co. et al., petitioners, v. Guy T. Helver-
ing, Commissioner of Internal Revenue;

MONDAY, NOVEMBER 8, 1937
65
No. 311. Fidelity & Columbia Trust Company, Trustee, etc., Peti-
tioner, v. Guy T. Helvering, Commissioner of Internal Revenue;
No. 336. Thomas R. Purman, petitioner, v. Alice A. Smith;
No. 341. Owen Couche, appellant, v. The State of Louisiana;
No. 345. Charles Anderson, petitioner, v. Eva Odisho;
No. 350. General Motors Corporation, petitioner, v. The Swan
Carburetor Company;
No. 351. Albert Goodman, petitioner, v. The People of the State
of Illinois, ex rel. The Chicago Bar Association;
No. 353. Frank J. Ryan et al., petitioners, v. M. U. Newfield, In-
dividually, etc.;
No. 354. Frank J. Ryan et al., petitioners, v. M. U. Newfield, In-
dividually, etc.;
No. 355. Florida Tex Oil Company, a Corporation, etc., et al.,
petitioners, v. Robert L. Ballentine, Individually, etc.;
No. 376. Anthony Dallao, appellant, v. The State of Louisiana;
No. 377. Joseph Ugarte, appellant, v. The State of Louisiana;
No. 385. Georgia M. Spruill, petitioner, v. Harriet T. Serven; and
No. 396. Kellogg Company, petitioner, v. National Biscuit Com-
pany. Petitions for rehearing denied.
No. 804. October Term, 1936. Railroad Commission of the State
of California et al., appellants, v. Pacific Gas and Electric Company.
Leave granted Mr. Solicitor General Reed to appear and present oral
argument on behalf of the Federal Power Commission, as amicus
curiae, on motion of Mr. Solicitor General Reed.
No. In re Disbarment of Jesse C. Duke. Motion to vacate
order of disbarment submitted by Mr. Jesse C. Duke pro se.
No. 229. Jesse C. Duke, petitioner, v. The United States of Amer-
ica. Motion as to bias and prejudice submitted by Mr. Jesse C. Duke
pro se.
No., original. Ex parte Jesse C. Duke, petitioner. Motion for
leave to file petition for writ of mandamus submitted by Mr. Jesse
C. Duke pro se.
No. 202. October Term, 1935. Robert G. Stone and Carrie M.
Stone, Trustees, etc., petitioners, v. Thomas W. White, Former Collec-
tor, etc. Motion for leave to file petition for rehearing submitted by
Mr. Frederick A. Ballard in behalf of counsel for the petitioners.
No., original. Ex parte Robert G. Taylor et al., petitioners.
Motion for leave to file a brief as to the legality of the oath taken
by Mr. Justice Black submitted by Mr. Robert G. Taylor pro se.

MONDAY, NOVEMBER 8, 1937
66
No. -, original. Ex parte E. D. Fryer and Terminal Warehouse,
Inc., petitioners. Motion for leave to file petition for writ of certio-
rari submitted by Mr. B. F. Saltzstein and Mr. Irving A. Puchner
for the petitioners.
ORDER
No. 229. Jesse C. Duke, petitioner, v. The United States of Amer-
ica. On consideration of the motion of petitioner to stay the order
denying petition for writ of certiorari and the order denying peti-
tion for rehearing thereof, the motion is denied.
No. 230. Natural Gas Pipeline Company of America, appellant, v.
James M. Slattery et al. Argued by Mr. Douglas F. Smith for the
appellant and by Mr. Harry R. Booth for the appellees.
No. 281. Aluminum Company of America, appellant, v. The United
States of America. Argument commenced by Mr. William Watson
Smith for the appellant.
Adjourned until tomorrow at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Tuesday, November 9, will be as follows: Nos.
281, 18, 26, 87, 30, 32, 34, 35, 37, and 9.
☑

TUESDAY, NOVEMBER 9, 1937
67
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: The Chief Justice, Mr. Justice McReynolds, Mr. Justice
Brandeis, Mr. Justice Sutherland, Mr. Justice Butler, Mr. Justice
Stone, Mr. Justice Roberts, Mr. Justice Cardozo, and Mr. Justice
Black.
E. Louise Chandler, of Washington, D. C.; William E. Carey, Jr.,
of Washington, D. C.; Robert P. Goldman, of Cincinnati, Ohio;
Arthur C. Huston, Jr., of Woodland, Calif.; George B. McKibbin,
of Chicago, Ill.; and Harris Jay Griston, of New York City, were
admitted to practice.
No. 229. Jesse C. Duke, petitioner, v. The United States of Amer-
ica. Motions to recall order denying petition for writ of certiorari
and to reconsider petition for rehearing submitted by Mr. Jesse C.
Duke pro se.
No. 353. Frank J. Ryan et al., petitioners, v. M. U. Newfield, In-
dividually, etc.;
No. 354. Frank J. Ryan et al., petitioners, v. M. U. Newfield, In-
dividually, etc.; and
No. 355. Florida Tex Oil Company et al., petitioners, v. Robert
L. Ballentine, Individually, etc. Motion for leave to file a second
petition for rehearing and suggestion of disqualification submitted
by Mr. Wm. C. Pierce for the petitioners.
No. 281. Aluminum Company of America, appellant, v. The
United States of America. Argument continued by Mr. William
Watson Smith for the appellant; by Mr. Assistant Attorney General
Jackson for the appellee; and concluded by Mr. William Watson
Smith for the appellant.
No. 18. The People of Puerto Rico, petitioner, v. The Shell Co.,
(P. R.) Limited, et al. Argued by Mr. Wm. Cattron Rigby for the
petitioner and by Mr. William D. Whitney and Mr. James R. Bev-
erley for the respondents.
No. 26. Abraham C. Berman, petitioner, v. The United States of
America. Argued by Mr. Samuel H. Kaufman for the petitioner
and by Mr. William W. Barron for the respondent.
19746-37-18

TUESDAY, NOVEMBER 9, 1937
68
No. 87. William D. Frad, petitioner, v. John J. Kelly, United
States Marshal for the Southern District of New York, etc. Argu-
ment commenced by Mr. Harris Jay Griston for the petitioner.
Adjourned until tomorrow at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Wednesday, November 10, will be as follows: Nos.
87, 30, 28, 32, 34, 35, 37, 9, 31, and 36.

WEDNESDAY, NOVEMBER 10, 1937
69
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: The Chief Justice, Mr. Justice McReynolds, Mr. Justice
Brandeis, Mr. Justice Sutherland, Mr. Justice Butler, Mr. Justice
Stone, Mr. Justice Roberts, Mr. Justice Cardozo, and Mr. Justice
Black.
Frank Weinstein, of Brooklyn, N. Y., and George E. Cooper, of
San Antonio, Tex., were admitted to practice.
No. 87. William D. Frad, petitioner, v. John J. Kelly, United
States Marshal for the Southern District of New York, etc. Argu-
ment continued by Mr. Harris Jay Griston for the petitioner. The
Court declined to hear further argument.
No. 30. The United States of America, on relation of Chester A.
Willoughby, as Trustee, etc., et al., petitioners, v. Sam Howard et al.
Argued by Mr. Walter E. Beebe for the petitioners and by Mr. Lloyd
Heth and Mr. Julius Moses for the respondents.
No. 28. State of Texas et al., etc., petitioners, v. David Donoghue,
Trustee of Trinity Refining Company, Debtor. David Donoghue,
Trustee, under an order to liquidate, substituted as the party respond-
ent on motion of Mr. Robert W. Kellough in that behalf. Argument
commenced by Mr. William C. Davis for the petitioners; continued
by Mr. William B. Harrell and Mr. Robert W. Kellough for the
respondent; and concluded by Mr. W. J. Holt for the petitioners.
No. 32. M. G. McNair, as Receiver of the First National Bank
of Perry, etc., petitioner, v. W. V. Knott, as Treasurer of the State of
Florida, et al. Argument commenced by Mr. J. Turner Butler for the
petitioner.
Adjourned until tomorrow at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Thursday, November 11, will be as follows: Nos.
32, 804 October Term, 1936, 13 original, 97, 135, 146 (and 147),
190, 202 (203 and 204), 459, and 34.
19746-37-19
Х

THURSDAY, NOVEMBER 11, 1937
70
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: The Chief Justice, Mr. Justice McReynolds, Mr. Justice
Brandeis, Mr. Justice Sutherland, Mr. Justice Butler, Mr. Justice
Stone, Mr. Justice Roberts, Mr. Justice Cardozo, and Mr. Justice
Black.
John H. Cantrell, of Oklahoma City, Okla.; Hugh Slater Wertz,
of Washington, D. C.; Patrick J. Roche, of New York City; Edmund
J. Fanning, of New York City; Carl M. Loos, of Chicago, Ill.; James
Anthony Dougherty, of Greenwich, Conn.; Irving H. Flamm, of
Chicago, Ill.; and George R. Jeffrey, of Indianapolis, Ind.; were ad-
mitted to practice.
No. 804, October Term, 1936. Railroad Commission of the State
of California et al., appellants, v. Pacific Gas and Electric Company.
Leave granted the Public Utility Commission of the Commonwealth
of Pennsylvania to file a brief as amicus curiae by November 19 next,
on motion of Mr. John C. Kelley in that behalf.
No. 32. M. G. McNair, as Receiver of the First National Bank of
Perry, etc., petitioner, v. W. V. Knott, as Treasurer of the State of
Florida, et al. Argument continued by Mr. J. Turner Butler for the
petitioner; by Mr. J. Compton French for the respondents; and con-
cluded by Mr. George P. Barse for the petitioner with leave to re-
spondent to file an additional brief within five days.
No. 804, October Term, 1936. Railroad Commission of the State
of California et al., appellants, v. Pacific Gas and Electric Company.
Argued by Mr. Ira H. Rowell for the appellants; by Mr. Oswald
Ryan for the Federal Power Commission, as amicus curiae, by special
leave of Court; and by Mr. Warren Olney, Jr., for the appellee with
leave to appellee to file an additional brief by November 26 next.
No. 13, original. Ex parte L. H. Heymann et al., petitioners.
Argument commenced by Mr. Walter E. Wiles for the petitioners.
Adjourned until tomorrow at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Friday, November 12, will be as follows: Nos.
13, original, 97, 135, 146 (and 147), 190, 202 (203 and 204),
459, 34, 35, and 37.
Х
19746-37-20

FRIDAY, NOVEMBER 12, 1937
71
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: The Chief Justice, Mr. Justice McReynolds, Mr. Justice
Brandeis, Mr. Justice Sutherland, Mr. Justice Butler, Mr. Justice
Stone, Mr. Justice Roberts, Mr. Justice Cardozo, and Mr. Justice
Black.
Sylvester Earl Hevers, of Albany, N. Y.; John T. Cahill, of New
York City; Vernon W. Foster, of Chicago, Ill.; Thomas O'Rourke
Gallagher, of Brooklyn, N. Y.; Alfred A. May, of Detroit, Mich.;
and Arthur H. Ratner, of Detroit, Mich., were admitted to practice.
No. 429. Charles W. Cramer, Administrator, etc., petitioner, v.
Phoenix Mutual Life Insurance Company of Hartford, Connecti-
cut, et al.;
No. 430. James S. Coburn et al., petitioners, v. Phoenix Mutual
Life Insurance Company of Hartford, Connecticut, et al.;
No. 431. Charles W. Cramer, Administrator, etc., petitioner, v.
Aetna Life Insurance Company et al.; and
No. 432. James S. Coburn et al., petitioners, v. Aetna Life In-
surance Company et al. Orders denying petition for writs of certio-
rari withheld on motion of Mr. Richard S. Doyle in behalf of coun-
sel for the petitioners.
No. 13, original. Ex parte L. H. Heymann et al., petitioners.
Argument continued by Mr. Walter E. Wiles for the petitioners;
continued by Mr. Irving H. Flamm for the respondents; and con-
cluded by Mr. Walter E. Wiles for the petitioners.
No. 97. The United States of America, appellant, v. Ben Kapp
et al. Argued by Mr. Assistant Attorney General McMahon for the
appellant and by Mr. Wm. J. Hughes, Jr., for the appellees.
No. 135. Frank Palko, appellant, v. State of Connecticut. Argu-
ment commenced by Mr. David Goldstein for the appellant; con-
tinued by Mr. Wm. H. Comley for the appellee; and concluded by
Mr. George A. Saden for the appellant.
No. 146. The United States of America, petitioner, v. Ralph
Raynor; and
19746-37--21

FRIDAY, NOVEMBER 12, 1937
72
No. 147. The United States of America, petitioner, v. Chett
Fowler. Argument commenced by Mr. Assistant Attorney General
McMahon for the petitioner.
Adjourned until Monday next at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Monday, November 15, will be as follows: Nos.
146 (and 147), 190, 202 (203 and 204), 459, 34, 35, 37, 9, 31,
and 36.

MONDAY, NOVEMBER 15, 1937
73
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: The Chief Justice, Mr. Justice McReynolds, Mr. Justice
Brandeis, Mr. Justice Sutherland, Mr. Justice Butler, Mr. Justice.
Stone, Mr. Justice Roberts, Mr. Justice Cardozo, and Mr. Justice.
Black.
Robert William McKissick, of Sweetwater, Tex.; Arthur J. Gold-
berg, of Chicago, Ill.; Leon L. Silbert, of Nahant, Mass.; Matthew
F. McGuire, of Somerville, Mass.; Lemuel B. Schofield, of Phila-
delphia, Pa.; J. Albert Woll, of Chicago, Ill.; Jno. N. Duncan, of
Raleigh, N. C.; Horatio Tocco, of Chicago, Ill.; George L. Quilici,
of Chicago, Ill.; William C. Koplovitz, of Washington, D. C.; Morris
Miller, of Washington, D. C.; W. S. Northcutt, of Atlanta, Ga.;
E. Harold Sheats, of Atlanta, Ga.; Morton B. Icove, of Cleveland,
Ohio; W. Harvard Perkins, of St. Louis, Mo.; William G. Wall, of
Jersey City, N. J.; Timothy F. Ryan, of Pittsburgh, Pa.; Francis
Albert Wolf, of Pittsburgh, Pa.; Oscar G. Meyer, of Pittsburgh, Pa.,
Claude C. Smith, of Philadelphia, Pa.; and Sanford D. Beecher, of
Philadelphia, Pa., were admitted to practice.
No. 23. Chicago Title and Trust Company, as Successor Trustee
under the Trust Deed recorded as Document No. 10325493, petitioner,
v. Forty-One Thirty-Six Wilcox Building Corporation; and
No. 24. Chicago Title and Trust Company, as Successor Trustee
under the Trust Deed recorded as Document No. 10325493, petitioner,
v. Forty-One Thirty-Six Wilcox Building Corporation. On writs of
certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the
Seventh Circuit. Decrees reversed with costs and cause remanded to
the District Court of the United States for the Northern District of
Illinois for further proceedings in conformity with the opinion of
this Court. Opinion by Mr. Justice Sutherland. Dissenting opinion
by Mr. Justice Cardozo in which Mr. Justice Stone and Mr. Justice
Black join.
The Chief Justice said:
"The orders of the Court appear upon the list certified by the
Chief Justice and filed with the Clerk and will not be announced
orally."
No., Original. Ex parte Robert G. Taylor et al., petitioners.
The motion for leave to file brief is denied.
19746-37-22

-
MONDAY, NOVEMBER 15, 1937
74
No. In Re Disbarment of Jesse C. Duke. The motion to
vacate the order of disbarment is denied.
No., Original. Ex parte Jesse C. Duke, petitioner. The motion
for leave to file a petition for writ of mandamus is denied.
No. 229. Jesse C. Duke, petitioner, v. The United States of Amer-
ica. Motion for leave to file affidavit as to bias and prejudice. Per
curiam: Upon consideration of the affidavit attached to the motion,
the motion is denied.
No. 229. Jesse C. Duke, petitioner, v. The United States of Amer-
ica. The petition to set aside the orders of the Court denying peti-
tion for writ of certiorari and petition for rehearing is denied. The
motion for reconsideration of the motion to stay the order denying
petition for writ of certiorari and the order denying petition for
rehearing is denied.
No. 14, original. Ex parte E. D. Fryer et al., petitioners. The
motion for leave to file petition for writ of certiorari is granted, and
the petition is denied.
No. 392. Robert Lee, petitioner, v. The United States of America.
On petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court
of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit ;
No. 516. Charles W. Coller, petitioner, v. Charles H. Pearce,
Trustee, etc. On petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Circuit Court of Appeals for the Third Circuit ;
No. 520. Gabriele Giordano, petitioner, v. The City of Asbury
Park, Peter Masco et al. On petition for writ of certiorari to the
United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Third Circuit; and
No. 527. Ruth Stevens, Administratrix of the estate of Herbert
Stevens, deceased, petitioner, v. Charles P. Megan, Trustee, etc. The
motions for leave to proceed further herein in forma pauperis are
denied for the reason that the Court, upon examination of the papers
herein submitted, finds no ground upon which writs of certiorari
should be issued. The petitions for writs of certiorari are therefore
also denied.
No. 514. The United States of America et al., appellants, v. Pan
American Petroleum Corporation et al.; and
No. 530. The United States of America et al., appellants, v.
Humble Oil & Refining Company et al. In these cases probable jur-
isdiction is noted.
No. 499. The United States of America, petitioner, v. Robert K.
Wurts. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit
Court of Appeals for the Third Circuit granted.
No. 256. State of Indiana, ex rel. Dorothy Anderson, petitioner, v.
Harry Brand, Trustee, etc. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
Supreme Court of the State of Indiana granted.

MONDAY, NOVEMBER 15, 1937
75
No. 469. Laura G. Foster, as Executrix, etc., petitioner, v. Commis-
sioner of Internal Revenue. Petition for writ of ceritorari to the
United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit granted
limited to the question whether the total value of the property held
by the decedent and petitioner as joint tenants, as decided by the
Circuit Court of Appeals, or only one half thereof, should be included
in the gross estate of the decedent for the purpose of the federal
estate tax. The case is assigned for hearing immediately following
No. 346.
No. 478. Louisiana & Arkansas Railway Company, petitioner, v.
Mrs. Esther Francis. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme
Court of the State of Louisiana denied.
No. 483. Woodrow Ollie Wilson et al., Minors by guardian, etc.,
petitioners, v. Ed Fisher et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
Court of Civil Appeals, 3d Supreme Judicial District, State of Texas,
denied.
No. 489. John Ii Estate, Limited, petitioner, v. The United States
of America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Cir-
cuit Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit denied.
No. 490. Robert W. Shingle, Albert N. Campbell, et al., petition-
ers, v. The United States of America. Petition for writ of certiorari
to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit
denied.
No. 492. Belmont Iron Works, petitioner, v. Pacific Coast Direct
Line, Inc. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of the
State of New York denied.
No. 493. W. C. Tyrrell, Helen R. McGill, et al., petitioners, v.
Commissioner of Internal Revenue. Petition for writ of certiorari
to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit
denied.
No. 494. Atlantic Pipe Line Company, petitioner, v. Brown
County (Texas) et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United
States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 496. The State of Texas, petitioner, v. Anderson, Clayton &
Company et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Circuit Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 497. Fort Worth Properties Corporation, petitioner, v. Irving
Trust Company, as Trustee, etc. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit
denied.
No. 498. Guy T. Helvering, Commissioner of Internal Revenue,
petitioner, v. The Christian Ganahl Company. Petition for writ of

MONDAY, NOVEMBER 15, 1937
76
certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Ninth
Circuit denied.
No. 500. Irving Trust Company, as Trustee, etc., petitioner, v.
The Hippodrome Building Company. Petition for writ of certiorari
to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit
denied.
No. 501. Morley Construction Company et al., petitioners, v.
Maryland Casualty Company. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Eighth Circuit denied.
No. 503. Electro Therman Company, petitioner, v. Federal Trade
Commission. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Cir-
cuit Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit denied.
No. 506. Paramount Productions, Inc., petitioner, v. Walton Hall
Smith. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit
Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit denied.
No. 507. United States Pipe and Foundry Company, petitioner, v.
City of Waco et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme
Court of the State of Texas denied.
No. 513. The Globe and Rutgers Fire Insurance Company, peti-
tioner, v. William Rose. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Eighth Circuit denied.
No. 541. John L. Clarkson, petitioner, v. Indiana and Illinois
Coal Corporation et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United.
States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Seventh Circuit denied.
No. 202. October Term, 1935. Robert G. Stone et al., petitioners, v.
Thomas W. White, Former Collector of Internal Revenue, etc. The
motion for leave to file petition for rehearing is granted and the
petition is denied.
No. 353. Frank J. Ryan et al., petitioners, v. M. U. Newfield,
Individually, etc.;
No. 354. Frank J. Ryan et al., petitioners, v. M. U. Newfield,
Individually, etc.; and
No. 355. Florida Tex Oil Company et al., petitioners, v. Robert
L. Ballentine, Individually, etc. The motion for leave to file a second.
petition for rehearing and suggestion of disqualification is denied.
No. 219. W. B. Livermore, petitioner, v. Carl H. Beal et al.;
No. 220. Mary P. Boyd, as Administratrix, etc., petitioner, v.
Amos W. Elliott et al.;
No. 221. Albert Louis Kreiss, petitioner, v. Amos W. Elliott et al.;
No. 222. J. W. Livermore, petitioner, v. Carl H. Beal et al.;
No. 382. General Baking Company, petitioner, v. Goldblatt Bros.,
Inc.;

MONDAY, NOVEMBER 15, 1937
77
No. 429. Charles W. Cramer, Administrator, etc., petitioner, v.
Phoenix Mutual Life Insurance Company et al.;
No. 430. James S. Coburn et al., petitioners, v. Phoenix Mutual
Life Insurance Company et al.;
No. 431. Charles W. Cramer, Administrator, etc., petitioner, v.
Aetna Life Insurance Company et al.;
No. 432. James S. Corburn et al., petitioners, v. Aetna Life In-
surance Company et al.; and
No. 440. Samuel J. Morris, appellant, v. The State of Alabama.
Petitions for rehearing denied.
ORDER
The Court will take a recess from Monday, November 22, until
Monday, December 6, next.
No. 268. Emery Bird Thayer Dry Goods Company et al., v. Moses
Williams et al.; and
No. 269. Moses Williams et al. v. Emery Bird Thayer Dry Goods
Company et al. Motion to bring up the entire record and cause
submitted by Mr. Richard H. Wilmer in behalf of counsel for Emery
Bird Thayer Dry Goods Company et al., in support of the motion
and by Mr. Henry M. Channing and Mr. Barton Corneau for Wil-
liams et al., in opposition thereto.
No. 146. The United States of America, petitioner, v. Ralph
Raynor; and
No. 147. The United States of America, petitioner, v. Chett
Fowler. Argument continued by Mr. Assistant Attorney General
McMahon for the petitioner; by Mr. John Elliott Byrne for the re-
spondents; and concluded by Mr. Assistant Attorney General
McMahon for the petitioner.
No. 190. Frank Carmine Nardone et al., petitioners, v. The United
States of America. Argument commenced by Mr. Louis Halle for
the petitioners; continued by Mr. Thomas O'Rourke Gallagher for
the petitioners; by Mr. William W. Barron for the respondent; and
concluded by Mr. Louis Halle for the petitioners.
No. 202. Harry Fleisher, petitioner, v. The United States of
America;
No. 203. Sam Fleisher, petitioner, v. The United States of Amer-
ica; and

MONDAY, NOVEMBER 15, 1937
'
78
No. 204. Joh Stein, petitioner, v. The United States of Amer-
ica. Agued ME Booth for the repondent and cases sub-
mitted by Mr. Isidore G. Stone, Mr. Aled A. May, and Mr. Arthur
H. Ratner for the petitioners.
No. 459. Nicholas J. Forte v. The United States of America.
Argued by Mr. Hemy A. Schweinhaut for the United States. No
brief filed for Forte.
No. 34. Worcester County Trust Company, Executor, petitioner,
v. Ray L. Riley, Controller of the State of California et al. Argu-
ment commenced by Mr. Merrill S. June for the petitioner.
Adjourned until tomorrow at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Tuesday, November 16, will be as follows: Nos.
34, 35, 37, 9, 31, 36, 38, 39, 61, and 40.

TUESDAY, NOVEMBER 16, 1937
79
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: The Chief Justice, Mr. Justice McReynolds, Mr. Justice
Brandeis, Mr. Justice Sutherland, Mr. Justice Butler, Mr. Justice
Stone, Mr. Justice Roberts, Mr. Justice Cardozo, and Mr. Justice
Black.
John L. Johannes, of Dallas, Tex.; Clarence L. Gere, of Seattle,
Wash.; Carson Hoy, of Cincinnati, Ohio; Simon L. Leis, of Cin-
cinnati, Ohio; Otto B. Schmidt, of New York City; and Alfred H.
Phillips, of New York City, were admitted to practice.
ORDER
It is ordered that paragraph 4 of Rule XVIII of the General
Orders in Bankruptcy be, and the same hereby is, amended, effective
immediately, to read as follows:
XVIII
4. This general order shall not apply to reorganization proceed-
ings under section 77 of the Act.
It is further ordered that Rule LII of the General Orders in Bank-
ruptcy be, and the same hereby is, amended, effective immediately,
by inserting a new paragraph therein to read as follows:
LII
4. Not less than ten days' notice of hearing upon any application
for the sale or lease of property of the debtor pursuant to section
77B c (32), except sales of perishable property, shall be given by
mail to all creditors and stockholders of the debtor, addressed to
them at their last known addresses appearing upon the records of
the debtor or of the trustee, or to their attorneys of record. Para-
graphs 1, 2, and 3 of General Order XVIII shall be applicable to
such sales.
No. 34. Worcester County Trust Company, executor, petitioner, v.
Ray L. Riley, Controller of the State of California, et al. Argu-
ment continued by Mr. Merrill S. June for the petitioner; by Mr.
19746-37-23

TUESDAY, NOVEMBER 16, 1937
80
James J. Ronan for Henry F. Long, Commissioner of Corporations
and Taxation of the Commonwealth of Massachusetts, Intervener,
by special leave of Court; and concluded by Mr. George S. Fuller
for the respondent.
No. 35. The National City Bank of New York, petitioner, v. The
People of the Philippine Islands. Argued by Mr. Carl A. Mead for
the petitioner and by Mr. Raymond A. Walsh for the respondent.
No. 37. David A. Wright, petitioner, v. The United States.
Argued by Mr. Ashby Williams for the petitioner and by Mr. Assist-
ant Attorney General Whitaker for the respondent.
No. 9. Nolen R. Breedlove, appellant, v. T. Earl Suttles, as Tax
Collector. Argument on the motion to dismiss commenced by Mr.
W. S. Northcutt for the appellee in support of the motion and con-
tinued by Mr. J. Ira Harrelson for the appellant in opposition
thereto.
Adjourned until tomorrow at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Wednesday, November 17, will be as follows: Nos.
9, 31, 36, 38, 39, 61, 40, 42 (43 and 198), 45, and 62.

WEDNESDAY, NOVEMBER 17, 1937
81
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: The Chief Justice, Mr. Justice McReynolds, Mr. Justice
Brandeis, Mr. Justice Sutherland, Mr. Justice Butler, Mr. Justice
Stone, Mr. Justice Roberts, Mr. Justice Cardozo, and Mr. Justice.
Black.
Frank R. Serri, of Brooklyn, N. Y.; Harry L. Ponder, Jr., of Wal-
nut Ridge, Ark.; William H. Snyder, of Denver, Colo.; Dorr W.
Frisbee, of Detroit, Mich.; Bernard P. Holland, Jr., of Norfolk, Va.;
Toy R. Gregory, of Lancaster, S. C.; George Thomas Davis, of San
Francisco, Calif.; C. Russell Phillips, of Philadelphia, Pa.; and
Chas. R. Sutherland, of Chicago, Ill., were admitted to practice.
No. - original. Ex parte Robert Gray Taylor et al., petitioners.
Motion for leave to file brief submitted by Mr. Robert Gray Taylor.
No. 39. Harry H. Woodring, Secretary of War of the United
States of America, et al., petitioners, v. Clarksburg-Columbus Short
Route Bridge Company. Passed until December 13 next on motion
of Mr. James S. McCluer for the respondent.
No. 521. John Jensen and Mortimer Bye, petitioners, v. Anthony
J. Lorenz and Mark H. Wodlinger; and
No. 522. John Jensen and Mortimer Bye, petitioners, v. Anthony
J. Lorenz and Mark H. Wodlinger. Motion for leave to file brief
as amicus curiae submitted by Mr. E. F. Wenderoth and the motion
denied.
No. 9. Nolen R. Breedlove, appellant, v. T. Earl Suttles, as Tax
Collector. Argument on the motion to dismiss concluded by Mr.
J. Ira Harrelson for the appellant. Argument on the merits com-
menced by Mr. J. Ira Harrelson for the appellant; continued by
Mr. Henry G. Van Veen for the appellant; by Mr. W. S. Northcutt
and Mr. E. Harold Sheats for the appellee; and concluded by Mr.
Henry G. Van Veen for the appellant.
No. 31. Louis Vogt, Sheriff of Kenton County, Kentucky, peti-
tioner, v. John T. Murphy. Ennis J. Kenney, present Sheriff of
Kenton County, substituted as the party petitioner in place of Louis
Vogt, resigned, on motion of Mr. D. M. Outcalt for the petitioner.
19746-37 -24

WEDNESDAY, NOVEMBER 17, 1937
82
No. 31. Ennis J. Kenney, Sheriff of Kenton County, Kentucky.
petitioner, v. John T. Murphy. Motion to dismiss submitted by Mr.
Chas. I. Dawson for the respondent. Argued on the motion to dis-
miss by Mr. Chas. I. Dawson for the respondent in support thereof,
and by Mr. D. M. Outcalt for the petitioner in opposition thereto.
No. 36. Joseph K. Willing, Receiver of Commercial National
Bank, Philadelphia, Pennsylvania, petitioner, v. Israel Binenstock,
Individually, etc., et al. Argument commenced by Mr. James M.
Kane for the petitioner; continued by Mr. Robert T. McCracken
for the respondent; and concluded by Mr. George P. Barse for the
petitioner.
No. 38. Fidelity & Deposit Company of Maryland, petitioner, v.
Louis H. Pink, Superintendent of Insurance of the State of New
York, etc. Argument commenced by Mr. Harold L. Smith for the
petitioner.
Adjourned until tomorrow at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Thursday, November 18, will be as follows: Nos.
38, 40, 42 (43 and 198), 45, 62, and 63.

THURSDAY, NOVEMBER 18, 1937
83
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: The Chief Justice, Mr. Justice McReynolds, Mr. Justice
Brandeis, Mr. Justice Sutherland, Mr. Justice Butler, Mr. Justice.
Stone, Mr Justice Roberts, Mr. Justice Cardozo, and Mr. Justice
Black.
Carroll R. Taber, of Lansing, Mich.; Edwin A. Hendricks, of
Minneapolis, Minn.; J. Leon Katz, of Detroit, Mich.; Theodore T.
Daniels, of San Rafael, Calif.; Herbert J. Deany, of Chicago, Ill.;
Geo. M. Stevens, Jr., of Chicago, Ill.; Robert E. May, of Wash-
ington, D. C.; and George J. Harding, of Philadelphia, Pa., were
admitted to practice.
No. 38. Fidelity & Deposit Company of Maryland, petitioner, v.
Louis H. Pink, Superintendent of Insurance of the State of New
York, etc. Argument continued by Mr. Harold L. Smith for
the petitioner; and concluded by Mr. Irvin Waldman for the
respondent.
No. 40. Aetna Insurance Company, petitioner, v. Illinois Railroad
Company. Argument commenced by Mr. Melvin L. Griffith for the
petitioner. The Court declined to hear further argument.
No. 42. James D. Smyth, Executor, etc., petitioner, v. The United
States;
No. 43. The Dixie Terminal Company, petitioner, v. The United
States; and
No. 198. The United States of America, petitioner, v. Arthur W.
Machen. Argument commenced by Mr. Robert A. Taft for the peti-
titioners in Nos. 42 and 43; and continued by Mr. Solicitor General
Reed for the United States; and by Mr. H. Vernon Eney for the
respondent in No. 198.
Adjourned until tomorrow at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Friday, November 19, will be as follows: Nos.
42 (43 and 198), 45, 62, and 63.
19746-37-25
☑

FRIDAY, NOVEMBER 19, 1937
84
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: The Chief Justice, Mr. Justice McReynolds, Mr. Justice
Brandeis, Mr. Justice Sutherland. Mr. Justice Butler, Mr. Justice
Stone, Mr. Justice Roberts, Mr. Justice Cardozo, and Mr. Justice
Black.
Edward Thomas Taylor, Jr.. of Modesto, Calif.; Milton J. Leavitt,
of New York City: Windsor F. Cousins, of Philadelphia, Pa.; An-
thony J. Travia, of New York City; Charles H. Howson, of Phil-
adelphia, Pa.; Dexter N. Shaw, of Philadelphia, Pa.; Franklyn
George, of New Castle, Ind.; and John R. Bullock, of Cincinnati,
Ohio, were admitted to practice.
No. 15. Arthur G. Bogardus, petitioner, v. Commissioner of In-
ternal Revenue. Mandate ordered to issue forthwith on motion of
Mr. Douglas Hatch on behalf of counsel for the petitioner.
No. 42. James D. Smyth, Executor, etc., petitioner, v. The United
States;
No. 43. The Dixie Terminal Company, petitioner, v. The United
States; and
No. 198. The United States of America, petitioner, v. Arthur W.
Machen. Argument continued by Mr. H. Vernon Eney for the
respondent in No. 198; by Mr. Robert A. Taft for the petitioners in
Nos. 42 and 43; and concluded by Mr. Solicitor General Reed for
the United States.
No. 45. Phillips-Jones Corporation, Individually, et al., petition.
ers, v. C. S. Parmley et al. Lottie E. Parmley, Executrix of the
Estate of C. S. Parmley. substituted as a party respondent in place
of C. S. Parmley, deceased, on motion of Mr. Robert T. McCracken
for the petitioners.
No. 45. Phillips-Jones Corporation, Individually, et al., petition-
ers, v. Lottie E. Parmley, Executrix etc., et al. Argued by Mr. Rob-
ert T. McCracken for the petitioners and case submitted by respond-
ent, Margaret Wilkinson, pro se.
No. 62. Textile Machine Works, petitioner, v. Louis Hirsch Tex-
tile Machines, Inc. Argued by Mr. Charles H. Howson for the pe-
titioner and by Mr. Samuel E. Darby, Jr., for the respondent.
19746-37-26

FRIDAY, NOVEMBER 19, 1937
85
No. 63. The United States of America et al., appellants, v. W. V.
Griffin and H. W. Purvis, Receivers etc. Argued by Mr. Edward
M. Reidy for the appellants and by Mr. Moultrie Hitt for the
appellees.
Adjourned until Monday, November 22 next at 12 o'clock.

MONDAY, NOVEMBER 22, 1937
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
86
Present: The Chief Justice, Mr. Justice Brandeis, Mr. Justice
Sutherland, Mr. Justice Butler, Mr. Justice Stone, Mr. Justice Rob-
erts, Mr. Justice Cardozo, and Mr. Justice Black.
A. James Casner, of Champaign, Ill.; Claude A. Williams, of Long-
view, Tex.; Morton Nesmith, of Birmingham, Ala.; Sidney Morwitz,
Jr., of Denver, Colo.; Oliver Burkert Lerch, of Washington, D. C.;
Lionel H. Legare, of Lewiston, Me.; Erland B. Cook, of Boston,
Mass.; Irving D. Gibson, of San Francisco, Calif.; and Roland Max-
well, of Pasadena, Calif., were admitted to practice.
The Chief Justice announced the following orders of the Court:
No. 35. The National City Bank of New York, petitioner, v. The
People of the Philippine Islands. On writ of certiorari to the
Supreme Court of the Commonwealth of the Philippines. Per
curiam: The judgment of the Supreme Court of the Commonwealth
of the Philippines is reversed and the judgment of the Court of First
Instance of Manila, dated the 24th day of July 1934 is affirmed upon
the authority of First National Bank of San Jose v. State of Cali-
fornia, 262 U. S. 366; Domenech v. National City Bank, 294 U. S.
199, 204, 205; and Posadas v. National City Bank, 296 U. S. 497,
499, 500.
No. 565. Catherine Toole, appellant, v. Miners Savings Bank of
Pittston. Appeal from the Supreme Court of the Commonwealth of
Pennsylvania. Per curiam: The appeal herein is dismissed for the
want of a properly presented federal question. Citizens' Savings
Bank v. Owensboro, 173 U. S. 636, 643; Cleveland & Pittsburgh R. R.
v. Cleveland, 235 U. S. 50, 53; White River Co. v. Arkansas, 279
U. S. 692, 700; Collins v. Streitz, 298 U. S. 640.
No. 268. Emery Bird Thayer Dry Goods Company and The Emery
Bird Thayer Realty Company v. Moses Williams et al.; and
No. 269. Moses Williams et al. v. Emery Bird Thayer Dry Goods
Company and The Emery Bird Thayer Realty Company. On cer-
tificate from the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the
Eight Circuit. Per curiam: The motion to bring up the entire record
and cause is denied. Upon examination of the certificate, the certi-
ficate is dismissed. Jewell v. Knight, 123 U. S. 426, 433; B. & O. R.
19746-37- -27

MONDAY, NOVEMBER 22, 1937
87
Co. v. Interstate Commerce Commission, 215 U. S. 216, 221; Biddle v.
Luvisch, 266 U. S. 173; Smith, Collector, v. Ajax Pipe Line Co., 298
U. S. 641; Dixie Terminal Co. v. United States, 298 U. S. 645.
No. 31. Ennis J. Kenney, Sheriff of Kenton County, Kentucky,
petitioner, v. John T. Murphy. On writ of certiorari to the Circuit
Court of Kenton County, Commonwealth of Kentucky. Per curiam:
After hearing argument the Court is of the opinion that the motion
of the respondent to dismiss the writ of certiorari should be granted,
and the writ is accordingly dismissed for the want of jurisdiction.
McKnight v. James, 155 U. S. 685; Lambert v. Barrett, 157 U. S. 697,
699, 700; Weldington v. Sloan, 54 Ky. 147; Broadwell v. Common-
wealth, 98 Ky. 15; Proffer v. Stewart, 259 Ky. 445.
No. 40. Aetna Insurance Company, petitioner, v. Illinois Central
Railroad Company. On writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of
the State of Illinois. Per curiam: After hearing argument the Court is
of the opinion that the decision of the State court rests upon a non-
federal ground adequate to support it. Henderson Bridge Co. v.
Henderson City, 141 U. S. 679, 688; Enterprise Irrig. District v.
Canal Co., 243 U. S. 157, 164; McCoy v. Shaw, 277 U. S. 302, 303; Fox
Film Corp. v. Muller, 296 U. S. 207, 210. The writ of certiorari is
dismissed.
The Chief Justice said:
"The other orders of the Court appear upon the list certified by the
Chief Justice and filed with the Clerk and will not be announced
orally."
No. 13. Original. Ex parte L. H. Heymann et al., petitioners. On
writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals
for the Seventh Circuit. Per curiam: After hearing argument the
Court is of the opinion that it does not appear from the record that
the Circuit Court of Appeals abused its discretion in refusing leave
to appeal. The writ of certiorari is accordingly dismissed.
-
No. Ex parte Paysoff Tinkoff, petitioner. Petition to extend
time to file petition for certiorari. Per curiam: The petition is de-
nied. Finn v. Railroad Commission, 286 U. S. 559.
-
No. In Re Disbarment of George B. Hayes. It having been
reported to the Court that the name of George B. Hayes, of New
York, N. Y., a member of the bar of this Court, has been stricken
from the roll of attorneys and counselors at law in the State of New
York by order of the Appellate Division of the Supreme Court of
the State of New York for the First Judicial Department, upon the
consent of George B. Hayes, after the institution of a proceeding
against him charging him with professional misconduct;

MONDAY, NOVEMBER 22, 1937
88
It is ordered that the said George B. Hayes be, and he is hereby,
suspended from the practice of the law in this Court, and that a
rule issue, returnable within forty (40) days, requiring the said
George B. Hayes to show cause why he should not be disbarred from
the practice of the law in this Court.
-
No. original. Ex parte Floyd Scrum, petitioner. The motion
for leave to file a petition for writ of habeas corpus is denied, with-
out prejudice to appropriate application to the United States Dis-
trict Court for the Northern District of Georgia.
No. -, original. Ex parte John J. Coleman, petitioner. The mo-
tion for leave to file petition for writ of habeas corpus is denied.
No., original. Ex parte Robert Gray Taylor et al., petitioners.
The motion for leave to file brief is denied.
No. 534. People of the State of New York, ex rel. George Moody,
petitioner, v. William Hunt, Warden of Attica Prison, Attica, New
York. On petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of the
State of New York. The motion for leave to proceed further herein
in forma pauperis is denied for the reason that the Court, upon ex-
amination of the papers herein submitted, finds no ground upon
which a writ of certiorari should be issued. The petition for writ of
certiorari is therefore also denied.
No. 511. The New Negro Alliance et al., petitioners, v. Sanitary
Grocery Co., Inc. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia granted.
No. 504. National Labor Relations Board, petitioner, v. Pacific
Greyhound Lines, Inc. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United
States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit granted and
the case assigned for argument immediately following No. 413.
No. 485. The United States, petitioner, v. Hazen C. Pratt. The
motion to remand is denied. The petition for writ of certiorari to
the Court of Claims is also denied.
No. 486. The United States, petitioner, v. Northern Pacific Rail-
way Company. The motion to remand is denied. The petition for
writ of certiorari to the Court of Claims is also denied.
No. 543. Board of Directors St. Francis Levee District et al., peti-
tioners, v. J. M. Kurn and John G. Lonsdale, Trustees, St. Louis-
San Francisco Railway Company. The motion to strike is denied.
The petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court
of Appeals for the Eighth Circuit is denied.
No. 508. Harald Peters, petitioner, v. J. Lauritzen. Petition for
writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for
the Second Circuit denied.

MONDAY, NOVEMBER 22, 1937
89
No. 512. Harry B. Amey, petitioner, v. Colebrook Guaranty
Savings Bank et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United
States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit denied.
No. 515. Spencer Kellogg & Sons, Inc., petitioner, v. Navigazione
Generale Italiana. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Circuit Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit denied.
No. 517. Westchester Fire Insurance Company of New York,
petitioner, v. John Conlon Coal Company. Petition for writ of cer-
tiorari to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Third
Circuit denied.
No. 521. John Jensen and Mortimer Bye, petitioners, v. Anthony
J. Lorenz and Mark H. Wodlinger; and
No. 522. John Jensen and Mortimer Bye, petitioners, v. Anthony
J. Lorenz and Mark H. Wodlinger. Petition for writs of certiorari
to the United States Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia
denied.
No. 524. Corrado Societa Anonima Di Navigazione, petitioner, v.
L. Mundet & Son, Inc. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United
States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Third Circuit denied.
No. 531. The United States of America, petitioner, v. John Joseph
Hunt. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit
Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit denied.
No. 540. Francisco de la Torre, petitioner, v. The National City
Bank of New York. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United
States Circuit Court of Appeals for the First Circuit denied.
No. 17. Texas & New Orleans Railroad Company et al., petitioners,
v. Emma E. Neill et al;
No. 411. Royal Indemnity Company et al., petitioners, v. Frank
A. Cardillo, Deputy Commissioner, etc., et al.; and
No. 495. David F. Mitchell et al., petitioners, v. The Supreme
Court of the State of Florida et al. Petitions for rehearing denied.
No. -, original. Ex parte James H. Avery, petitioner. Motion
for leave to file petition for writ of certiorari submitted by Mr.
James H. Avery, pro se.
Adjourned until Monday, December 6 next, at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Monday, December 6, will be as follows: Nos.
447, 84 (and 85), 397, 10, 41, 48, 262, 55, 505, and 57.

MONDAY, DECEMBER 6, 1937
90
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: The Chief Justice, Mr. Justice McReynolds, Mr. Justice
Brandeis, Mr. Justice Sutherland, Mr. Justice Butler, Mr. Justice
Stone, Mr. Justice Roberts, Mr. Justice Cardozo, and Mr. Justice
Black.
Charles H. Carr, of Los Angeles, Calif.; Ralph D. Quinter, of
Washington, D. C.; Daniel Partridge III, of Washington, D. C.;
Barry Brannen, of Los Angeles, Calif.; Joseph B. Abrams, of Boston,
Mass.; John J. Murray, of Milton, Mass.; John C. Corcoran, Jr., of
Jersey City, N. J.; Stuart B. Warren, of St. Petersburg, Fla.; Jno.
Bell, of Tampa, Fla.; and Vincent C. Giblin, of Miami, Fla., were
admitted to practice.
No. 135. Frank Palko, appellant, v. State of Connecticut. Appeal
from the Supreme Court of Errors of the State of Connecticut.
Judgment affirmed with costs. Opinion by Mr. Justice Cardozo.
Dissenting: Mr. Justice Butler.
No. 87. William D. Frad, petitioner, v. John J. Kelly, United
States Marshal for the Southern District of New York, etc. On writ
of certiorari to the United States Circuit of Appeals for the Second
Circuit. Judgment affirmed and cause remanded to the District
Court of the United States for the Southern District of New York.
Opinion by Mr. Justice Roberts.
No. 34. Worcester County Trust Company, Executor, petitioner,
v. Ray L. Riley, Comptroller of the State of California et al. On
writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for
the First Circuit. Decree affirmed with costs and cause remanded
to the District Court of the United States for the District of Massa-
chusetts. Opinion by Mr. Justice Stone. The motion to substitute
is denied.
No. 230. Natural Gas Pipeline Company of America, appellant, v.
James M. Slattery, Andrew Olson, et al., etc. Appeal from the
District Court of the United States for the Northern District of
Illinois. Decree affirmed with costs. Opinion by Mr. Justice Stone.
No. 9. Nolen R. Breedlove, appellant, v. T. Earl Suttles, as Tax
Collector. Appeal from the Supreme Court of the State of Georgia.
Judgment affirmed with costs. Opinion by Mr. Justice Butler.
No. 28. State of Texas and J. C. Clopton and Bullock Hyder, Re-
ceivers, etc., petitioners, v. David Donoghue, Trustee of Trinity Re-
19746-37-28

MONDAY, DECEMBER 6, 1937
91
fining Company, debtor. On writ of certiorari to the United States
Circuit Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit. Decree of the Circuit
Court of Appeals reversed with costs to the extent that it sus-
tains the ruling of the bankruptcy court in denying the State's ap-
plication for permission to bring suit in a state court to obtain
judgment of confiscation against the oil in question, and cause re-
manded to the District Court of the United States for the Northern
District of Texas for further proceedings in conformity with the
opinion of this Court. Opinion by Mr. Justice Butler. Dissenting
opinion by Mr. Justice Cardozo in which Mr. Justice Stone joins.
No. 18. The People of Puerto Rico, petitioner, v. The Shell Co.
(P. R.), Limited, et al. On writ of certiorari to the United States
Circuit Court of Appeals for the First Circuit. Judgment reversed
with costs and cause remanded to the District Court for the District
of San Juan, Puerto Rico, for further proceedings not inconsistent
with the opinion of this Court. Opinion by Mr. Justice Sutherland.
No. 36. Joseph K. Willing, Receiver of Commercial National
Bank, Philadelphia, Pennsylvania, petitioner, v. Israel Binenstock,
Individually, etc., et al. On writ of certiorari to the United States
Circuit Court of Appeals for the Third Circuit. That part of the
decree of the Circuit Court of Appeals which requires the surrender
of the Cammarota note for $300 is reversed. With this exception
the decree below is affirmed and cause remanded to the District Court
of the United States for the Eastern District of Pennsylvania for
further proceedings in conformity with the opinion of this Court.
Opinion by Mr. Justice Sutherland.
No. 45. Phillips-Jones Corporation, Individually, and Annie G.
Phillips et al., petitioners, v. Lottie E. Parmley, Executrix of the
estate of C. S. Parmley et al. On writ of certiorari to the United
States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Third Circuit. Judgment
reversed with costs and cause remanded to the District Court of the
United States for the Eastern District of Pennsylvania for further
proceedings in conformity with the opinion of this Court. Opinion
by Mr. Justice Brandeis.
No. 27. Guy T. Helvering, Commissioner of Internal Revenue,
petitioner, v. H. C. Gowran. On writ of certiorari to the United
States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Seventh Circuit. Judg-
ment reversed and cause remanded to the said Circuit Court of
Appeals for further proceedings in conformity with the opinion
of this Court. Opinion by Mr. Justice Brandeis.
No. 29. Guy T. Helvering, Commissioner of Internal Revenue,
petitioner, v. Annie M. Pfeiffer. On writ of certiorari to the United
States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit. Judgment

MONDAY, DECEMBER 6, 1937
92
affirmed and cause remanded to the said Circuit Court of Appeals.
Opinion by Mr. Justice Brandeis. Dissenting: Mr. Justice Stone
and Mr. Justice Cardozo.
No. 38. Fidelity & Deposit Company of Maryland, petitioner, v.
Louis H. Pink, Superintendent of Insurance of the State of New
York, etc. On writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court
of Appeals for the Second Circuit. Judgment reversed with costs
and cause remanded to the District Court of the United States for
the Southern District of New York for further proceedings in con-
formity with the opinion of this Court. Opinion by Mr. Justice
McReynolds. The Chief Justice took no part in the consideration
and decision of this case.
No. 281. Aluminum Company of America, appellant, v. The
United States of America. Appeal from the District Court of the
United States for the Western District of Pennsylvania. Decree
affirmed. Opinion by Mr. Justice McReynolds. The Chief Justice
and Mr. Justice Stone took no part in the consideration and decision
of this case.
No. 3. Ernest K. James, Individually and as State Tax Commis-
sioner of the State of West Virginia, appellant, v. The Dravo Con-
tracting Company. Appeal from the District Court of the United
States for the Southern District of West Virginia. Decree reversed
with costs and cause remanded to the said District Court for further
proceedings in conformity with the opinion of this Court. Opinion
by Mr. Chief Justice Hughes. Dissenting opinion by Mr. Justice
Roberts in which Mr. Justice McReynolds, Mr. Justice Sutherland,
and Mr. Justice Butler join.
No. 7. Silas Mason Company, Inc., Walsh Construction Company,
et al., appellants, v. Tax Commission of the State of Washington et
al.; and
No. 8. David H. Ryan, appellant, v. The State of Washington
et al. Appeals from the Supreme Court of the State of Washington.
Judgments affirmed with costs. Opinion by Mr. Chief Justice
Hughes. Dissenting: Mr. Justice McReynolds, Mr. Justice Suther-
land, Mr. Justice Butler, and Mr. Justice Roberts.
No. 26. Abraham C. Berman, petitioner, v. The United States of
America. On writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court
of Appeals for the Second Circuit. Judgment of the Circuit Court
of Appeals reversed so far as it dismissed the first appeal and affirmed
the later judgment imposing the fine, and cause remanded to the Cir-
cuit Court of Appeals for further proceedings in conformity with
the opinion of this Court. Opinion by Mr. Chief Justice Hughes.
No. 97. The United States of America, appellant, v. Ben Kapp,
Bert Cox et al. Appeal from the District Court of the United States

MONDAY, DECEMBER 6, 1937
93
for the Western District of Oklahoma. Judgment reversed and
cause remanded to the said District Court for further proceedings in
conformity with the opinion of this Court. Opinion by Mr. Chief
Justice Hughes.
No. 202. Harry Fleisher, petitioner, v. The United States of
America;
No. 203. Sam Fleisher, petitioner, v. The United States of Amer-
ica; and
No. 204. Joseph Stein, petitioner, v. The United States of America.
Judgments on count one reversed and cases remanded to the District
Court of the United States for the Eastern District of Michigan for
further proceedings in conformity with the opinion of this Court.
Opinion, per curiam, announced by Mr. Chief Justice Hughes.
No. 459. Nicholas J. Forte, v. The United States of America. On
certificate from the United States Court of Appeals for the District
of Columbia. Questions Nos. 1 and 2 are answered "No." Question
No. 3 is not answered. Opinion, per curiam, announced by Mr.
Chief Justice Hughes.
The Chief Justice said:
"The orders of the Court appear upon the list certified by the
Chief Justice and filed with the Clerk and will not be announced
orally."
No. Original. Ex parte Victor J. Evans, petitioner. The mo-
tion for leave to file petition for writ of habeas corpus is denied.
No. Commercial Telegraphers' Union, petitioner, v. J. Warren
Madden et al. The application for stay pending determination of
petition for writ of certiorari is denied.
No. 396. Kellogg Company, petitioner, v. National Biscuit Com-
pany. The petition to stay injunction is denied.
No. 21. Herman C. Groman, petitioner, v. Commissioner of In-
ternal Revenue. The opinion filed November 8, 1937, is amended by
striking from the second paragraph on page 5 thereof the sentence
"Glidden transferred nothing to them.", and by striking from the
next sentence but one the words "and prior preference stock,”. The
petition for rehearing is denied.
No. 560. Southwestern Bell Telephone Company, appellant, v.
State of Oklahoma et al. The motion to dismiss in this case is
assigned for argument on January 3, 1938.
No. 581. Fred O. Morgan, doing business, etc., et al., appellants,
v. The United States of America et al. In this case probable juris-
diction is noted.

MONDAY, DECEMBER 6, 1937
94
No. 519. State Farm Mutual Automobile Insurance Company,
petitioner, v. James D. Coughran. Petition for writ of certiorari to
the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit
granted.
No. 528. Pacific National Company, petitioner, v. Galen H. Welch,
Former Collector of Internal Revenue, etc. Petition for writ of
certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the
Ninth Circuit granted.
No. 563. The United States of America, petitioner, v. L. Manuel
Hendler, as Transferee of Creameries, Inc., etc. Petition for writ of
certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the
Fourth Circuit granted.
No. 536. Santa Cruz Fruit Packing Company, petitioner, v. Na-
tional Labor Relations Board. Petition for writ of certiorari to
the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit
granted.
No. 597. Guy T. Helvering, Commissioner of Internal Revenue,
petitioner, v. Clarence M. Freedman. Petition for writ of certiorari
to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Third Circuit
granted and the case assigned for argument immediately following
No. 287.
No. 525. City of Ocean City, petitioner, v. Federal Reserve Bank
of Philadelphia. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Circuit Court of Appeals for the Third Circuit denied, without
prejudice to the right to apply for a reinstatement of the petition at
any time before the end of this term in case a new trial shall not
be awarded.
No. 546. Oberlin M. Carter, petitioner, v. Harry H. Woodring,
Secretary of War of the United States. Petition for writ of cer-
tiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the District of
Columbia denied. Mr. Justice Black took no part in the considera-
tion and decision of this application.
No. 518. James R. Duncan et al., petitioners, v. Commissioner of
Internal Revenue. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United
States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit denied.
No. 523. Frederick A. Mann, petitioner, v. Arthur J. Whaley,
In-
dividually, etc. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme
Court of the State of New York denied.
No. 526. Chicago Silk Company, petitioner, v. Federal Trade
Commission. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Circuit Court of Appeals for the Seventh Circuit denied.
No. 529. William L. Bradley and Albert B. Baker, co-partners,
etc., et al., petitioners, v. S. S. "Niel Maersk," her engines, etc., et al.

MONDAY, DECEMBER 6, 1937
95
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of
Appeals for the Second Circuit denied.
No. 532. Vincent G. Rinn, as Administrator, etc., petitioner, v.
New York Life Insurance Company. Petition for writ of certiorari
to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Seventh Cir-
cuit denied.
No. 533. Vincent G. Rinn, as Administrator, etc., petitioner, v.
The Mutual Life Insurance Company of New York. Petition for
writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for
the Seventh Circuit denied.
No. 537. Irving Trust Company, as Trustee of the estate of Radio-
Keith-Orpheum Corporation, petitioner, v. W. Gordon Burnett. Pe-
tition for writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of
Appeals for the Second Circuit denied.
No. 539. The Kay & Ess Company, petitioner, v. Conway P. Coe,
Commissioner of Patents. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
United States Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia denied.
No. 547. State of Delaware, petitioner, v. Irving Trust Company,
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of
Appeals for the Second Circuit denied.
⚫ No. 481. Meurer Steel Barrel Company, Inc., petitioner, v. The
United States. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Claims
denied.
No. 535. George M. Follett and William Ryder, petitioners, v.
The State of California. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit denied.
No. 538. The Fidelity and Casualty Company of New York, peti-
tioner, v. The United States of America. Petition for writ of certio-
rari to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Second
Circuit denied.
No. 545. W. L. Stumbo, Arthur C. Carter, et al., petitioners, v.
The United States of America. Petition for writ of certiorari to
the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Sixth Circuit
denied.
No. 548. Columbian National Life Insurance Company, petitioner,
v. Jacob L. Wallerstein. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United
States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Seventh Circuit denied.
No. 549. Loretta A. Hines, petitioner, v. The United States of
America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit
Court of Appeals for the Seventh Circuit denied.

MONDAY, DECEMBER 6, 1937
96
No. 550. Henry H. Taylor, as Receiver of the City Trust Company,
petitioner, v. C. H. Bancroft, as Receiver of City National Bank of
Miami. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit
Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 551. The Delaware and Hudson Railroad Corporation et al.,
petitioners, v. Penn Anthracite Mining Company; and
No. 552. The Delaware and Hudson Railroad Corporation and the
Central Railroad Company of New Jersey, petitioners, v.
Christian Feigenspan, a corporation. Petition for writ of certiorari
to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Third Circuit
denied.
No. 556. James J. Hoey, Collector of Internal Revenue, etc., peti-
tioner, v. Edgar J. Hesslein. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit denied.
No. 557. Benjamin F. J. Odell, petitioner, v. Bausch & Lomb
Optical Company et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United
States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Seventh Circuit denied.
No. 559. The First National Bank of Chicago (Formerly First
Union Trust and Savings Bank), as Trustee, etc., petitioner, v. The
United States of America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Seventh Circuit
denied.
No. 562. John Murphy, Frances Bongart, and Stanley Soffe, peti-
tioners, v. Edward I. Bloom, John E. Bloom et al. Petition for
writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for
the Seventh Circuit denied.
No. 593. Gillette Rubber Company, petitioner, v. Adolph L.
Martin et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Circuit Court of Appeals for the Seventh Circuit denied.
No. Original. Ex parte Samuel Lesser, petitioner;
-
No. 416. United States of America, ex rel. Nathan Handler, peti-
tioner, v. Henry C. Hill, Warden etc.; and
No. 480. George W. Green, petitioner, v. City of Stuart. Petitions
for rehearing denied.
No., Original. State of Missouri, complainant, v. State of
Iowa. Motion for leave to file bill of complaint submitted by Mr.
Edwin A. Krauthoff in behalf of counsel for the complainant.
No. 414. William Leader, President of the American Federation of
Full Fashioned Hosiery Workers, etc., et al., petitioners, v. Apex
Hosiery Company. Return to rule to show cause presented.

MONDAY, DECEMBER 6, 1937
97
No. 554. West Virginia Power Company, petitioner, v. The United
States of America. On petition for writ of certiorari to the United
States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Fourth Circuit. Dismissed
on motion of counsel for the petitioner.
No. 447. Schuylkill Trust Company, appellant, v. The Common-
wealth of Pennsylvania. Argued by Mr. John Robert Jones for the
appellant and by Mr. Manuel Kraus for the appellee.
No. 84. Alabama Power Company, petitioner, v. Harold L. Ickes,
as Federal Emergency Administrator, etc., et al., and
No. 85. Alabama Power Company, petitioner, v. Harold L. Ickes,
as Federal Emergency Administrator, etc., et al. Argument com-
menced by Mr. William H. Thompson for the petitioner.
Adjourned until tomorrow at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Tuesday, December 7, will be as follows: Nos.
84 (and 85), 397, 10, 41, 48, 262, 55, 505, 57, and 61.
Х

TUESDAY, DECEMBER 7, 1937
98
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: The Chief Justice, Mr. Justice McReynolds, Mr. Justice
Brandeis, Mr. Justice Sutherland, Mr. Justice Butler, Mr. Justice
Stone, Mr. Justice Roberts, Mr. Justice Cardozo, and Mr. Justice
Black.
Thomas F. McAllister, of Grand Rapids, Mich.; Joseph Raymond
Wine, of Helena, Mont.; Bruce A. Low, of Washington, D. C.; John
E. Corette, Jr., of Butte, Mont.; Frank A. Reid, of New York City;
A. J. Gustin Priest, of New York City; Alice Robinson, of Co-
lumbia, S. C.; James F. Dreher, of Columbia, S. C.; T. J. Blackwell,
of Miami, Fla.; Jess H. Rosenberg, of New York City; Joe. T.
Robinson, Jr., of Lonoke, Ark.; and Charles H. Davis, of Minne-
apolis, Minn., were admitted to practice.
ORDER
It is ordered that paragraph 4 of Rule LII of the General Orders
in Bankruptcy be, and the same hereby is, amended, effective im-
mediately, to read as follows:
LII
4. Not less than ten days' notice of hearing upon any application
for the sale or lease of property of the debtor pursuant to section
77B c (32), except sales of perishable property, shall be given by
mail to all creditors and stockholders of the debtor, addressed to
them at their last known addresses appearing upon the records of
the debtor or of the trustee or to their attorneys of record, or, for
good cause shown, by advertisement in the manner and for the time
directed by the District Court. Paragraphs 1, 2, and 3 of General
Order XVIII shall be applicable to such sales.
No. 84. Alabama Power Company, petitioner, v. Harold L. Ickes.
as Federal Emergency Administrator etc., et al.; and
No. 85. Alabama Power Company, petitioner, v. Harold L. Ickes,
as Federal Emergency Administrator etc., et al. Argument con-
tinued by Mr. William H. Thompson for the petitioner; by Mr. Je-
rome N. Frank and Mr. Solicitor General Reed for the respond-
19746-37-29

TUESDAY, DECEMBER 7, 1937
99
ents; and concluded by Mr. William H. Thompson for the
petitioner.
No. 397. Duke Power Company and Southern Public Utilities
Company, petitioners, v. Greenwood County and E. L. Brooks et al.
Argument commenced by Mr. W. S. O'B. Robinson, Jr., for the pe-
titioners, and continued by Mr. H. W. Nicholson for the respondent,
Greenwood County.
Adjourned until tomorrow at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Wednesday, December 8, will be as follows: Nos.
397, 10, 41, 48, 262, 55, 505, 57, 61, and 72.
Х

WEDNESDAY, DECEMBER 8, 1937
100
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: The Chief Justice, Mr. Justice McReynolds, Mr. Justice
Brandeis, Mr. Justice Sutherland, Mr. Justice Butler, Mr. Justice
Stone, Mr. Justice Roberts, Mr. Justice Cardozo, and Mr. Justice
Black.
Eustace F. Brennan, of Milwaukee, Wis.; Ray C. Wakefield, of
Fresno, Calif.; and Robert B. Anderson, of Vernon, Tex., were ad-
mitted to practice.
No. 397. Duke Power Company et al., petitioners, v. Greenwood
County and E. L. Brooks et al. Argument continued by Mr. D. W.
Robinson, Jr., for the respondent, Greenwood County; by Mr. Jerome
N. Frank for respondents, Ickes et al., and concluded by Mr. W. S.
O'B. Robinson, Jr., for the petitioners.
No. 10. Ocean Beach Heights, Inc., Normandy Beach Develop-
ment Company et al., petitioners, v. The Brown-Crummer Invest-
ment Company et al. Argument commenced by Mr. Henry K. Gib-
son for the petitioners; continued by Mr. Giles J. Patterson and Mr.
T. J. Blackwell for the respondents; and concluded by Mr. J. Julien
Southerland for the petitioners.
No. 41. Standard Accident Insurance Company, petitioner, v. The
United States of America, for the use and benefit of L. R. Powell, et al.,
etc. Argued by Mr. Stuart B. Warren for the petitioner, and by Mr.
John Bell for the respondents.
No. 48. The United States, petitioner, v. Mabel S. Andrews, Ex-
ecutrix of the estate of Matthew Andrews, deceased. Argument com-
menced by Mr. Norman D. Keller for the petitioner.
Adjourned until tomorrow at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Thursday, December 9, will be as follows: Nos.
48, 262, 55 (and 505), 57, 61, 72, 357, 208, 90, and 106.
19746-37-30
✓

THURSDAY, DECEMBER 9, 1937
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
101
Present: The Chief Justice, Mr. Justice Brandeis, Mr. Justice
Sutherland, Mr. Justice Butler, Mr. Justice Stone, Mr. Justice
Roberts, Mr. Justice Cardozo, and Mr. Justice Black.
Frank B. Warren, of Carson City, Nev.; Rollo E. Kidwell, of
Dallas, Tex.; Martin Detels of New York City; Henry L. Wortche,
of Baltimore, Md.; Abraham J. Rosenblum of New York City;
Arthur W. Sprague, of Chicago, Ill.; William F. Davis, Jr., of Bos-
ton, Mass.; Louis Charles Smith, of Washington, D. C.; and Lafon
Allen, of Louisville, Ky., were admitted to practice.
No. 48. The United States, petitioner, v. Mabel S. Andrews, Ex-
ecutrix of the estate of Matthew Andrews, deceased. Argument
continued by Mr. Norman D. Keller for the petitioner and concluded
by Mr. Fred R. Seibert for the respondent.
No. 262. The United States of America, petitioner, v. Garbutt
Oil Company. Argued by Mr. Norman D. Keller for the petitioner
and by Mr. L. A. Luce for the respondent.
No. 55. Mary Duke Biddle, petitioner, v. Commissioner of Internal
Revenue; and
No. 505. Guy T. Helvering, Commissioner of Internal Revenue,
petitioner, v. George W. Elkins. Argument commenced by Mr.
Frank J. Wideman for the petitioner in No. 55, and continued by Mr.
J. Louis Monarch for the Commissioner of Internal Revenue.
Adjourned until tomorow at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Friday, December 10, will be as follows: Nos.
55 (and 505), 57, 61, 72, 357, 208, 90, 106, 108, and 123 (and
124).
19746-37-31
✓

FRIDAY, DECEMBER 10, 1937
102
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: The Chief Justice, Mr. Justice McReynolds, Mr. Justice
Brandeis, Mr. Justice Sutherland, Mr. Justice Butler, Mr. Justice.
Stone, Mr. Justice Roberts, Mr. Justice Cardozo, and Mr. Justice
Black.
Fannie Gray Clegg, of Trinity, Tex.; Rainey T. Wells, of Omaha,
Nebr.; Walter G. Ramseur, of St. Petersburg, Fla.; and John J.
Moreschi, of Chicago, Ill., were admitted to practice.
No. 55. Mary Duke Biddle, petitioner, v. Commissioner of In-
ternal Revenue; and
No. 505. Guy T. Helvering, Commissioner of Internal Revenue,
petitioner, v. George W. Elkins. Argument continued by Mr. J.
Louis Monarch for the Commissioner of Internal Revenue and con-
cluded by Mr. William R. Spofford for the respondent in No. 505.
No. 57. Lanasa Fruit Steamship and Importing Company, Inc.,
petitioner, v. Universal Insurance Company. Argument commenced
by Mr. George Forbes for the petitioner; continued by Mr. D. Roger
Englar for the respondent; and concluded by Mr. Henry L. Wortche
for the petitioner.
No. 61. Gertrude Kay, alias Gertrude Klein, petitioner, v. The
United States of America. Argument commenced by Mr. Frank R.
Serri for the petitioner; and continued by Mr. William S. Culbertson
for the petitioner; and by Mr. Assistant Solicitor General Bell for
the respondent.
Adjourned until Monday next at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Monday, December 13, will be as follows: Nos.
☐ 61, 72, 357, 208, 13, 33, 39, 90, 106, and 108.
19746-37-32
Х

MONDAY, DECEMBER 13, 1937
103
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: The Chief Justice, Mr. Justice McReynolds, Mr. Justice
Brandeis, Mr. Justice Sutherland, Mr. Justice Butler, Mr. Justice
Stone, Mr. Justice Roberts, and Mr. Justice Black.
George P. Kirkpatrick, of Jasper, Tex.; Ephraim Berliner, of
New York City; Dorothy Winslow Crannell, of Boston, Mass.;
Howell M. Hampton of Ocala, Fla.; Albert W. Jacobson, of Wash-
ington, D. C.; Randell S. Cobb, of Oklahoma City, Okla.; Ervin S.
Fulop, of Newark, N. J.; George T. Bean, of New York City;
Herman J. Seman, of Philadelphia, Pa.; and Jerome L. Markovitz,
of Philadelphia, Pa., were admitted to practice.
No. 32. M. G. McNair, as Receiver of the First National Bank
of Perry, etc., petitioner, v. W. V. Knott, as Treasurer of the State
of Florida, etc., et al. On writ of certiorari to the United States
Circuit Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit. Decree affirmed
with costs and cause remanded to the District Court of the United
States for the Northern District of Florida. Opinion by Mr. Justice
Black. Concurring opinion by Mr. Justice McReynolds.
No. 42. James D. Smyth, Executor of the Estate of James J.
Ransom, deceased, petitioner, v. The United States;
No. 43. The Dixie Terminal Company, petitioner, v. The United
States. On writs of certiorari to the Court of Claims; and
No. 198. The United States of America, petitioner, v. Arthur W.
Machen. On writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court
of Appeals for the Fourth Circuit. Judgments in Nos. 42 and 43
affirmed. Judgment in No. 198 reversed and cause remanded to the
District Court of the United States for the District of Maryland for
further proceedings in conformity with the opinion of this Court.
Opinion by Mr. Justice Cardozo announced by the Chief Justice.
Opinion by Mr. Justice Stone concurring in the result. Concurring
opinion by Mr. Justice Black. Dissenting opinion by Mr. Justice
McReynolds in which Mr. Justice Sutherland and Mr. Justice Butler
join.
The Chief Justice announced the following orders of the Court:
No. 544. Henry Hornblower et al., appellants, v. Harvey D.
McGray. Appeal from the Superior Court of the Commonwealth
19746-37-33

MONDAY, DECEMBER 13, 1937
104
of Massachusetts. Per curiam: The motion of the appellee to dis-
miss the appeal is granted, and the appeal is dismissed for the want
of a substantial federal question. First National Bank v. Missouri,
263 U. S. 640, 656; Lewis v. Fidelity Co., 292 U. S. 559, 566; Jennings
v. U. S. F. & G. Co., 292 U. S. 216, 219.
No. 569. W. J. Barnett, appellant, v. Stanley Rogers, Sheriff of
Oklahoma County, Oklahoma. Appeal from the Supreme Court
of the State of Oklahoma. Per curiam: The appeal herein is dis-
missed for the reason that the judgment sought here to be reviewed
is based upon a non-federal ground adequate to support it. Brooks
v. Missouri, 124 U. S. 394, 400; John v. Paullin, 231 U. S. 583, 585;
Nevada-California-Oregon Ry. v. Burres, 244 U. S. 103, 105; Central
Union Co. v. Edwardsville, 269 U. S. 190, 195; Kammerer v. Kroeger,
299 U. S. 302.
No. 590. William A. Ehlers, appellant, v. State of Nebraska.
Appeal from the Supreme Court of the State of Nebraska. Per
curiam: The appeal herein is dismissed for the want of jurisdiction.
Section 237 (a), Judicial Code, as amended by the Act of February
13, 1925 (43 Stat. 936, 937). Treating the papers whereon the
appeal was allowed as a petition for a writ of certiorari, as required
by Section 237 (c), Judicial Code, as amended (43 Stat. 936, 938),
certiorari is denied.
No. 610. Dorothy Leoles, through her father, George Leoles, as
next friend, appellant, v. J. H. Landers, Louis Gefeen, et al., etc.
Appeal from the Supreme Court of the State of Georgia. Per
curiam: The motion of the appellees to dismiss the appeal is granted,
and the appeal is dismissed for the want of a substantial federal
question. Coale v. Pearson, 290 U. S. 597; Hamilton v. Regents, 293
U. S. 245, 261, 262.
No. 620. Charles Dutton, appellant, v. People of the State of
California. Appeal from the Supreme Court of the State of Cali-
fornia. Per curiam: The appeal herein is dismissed for the want of
a substantial federal question. Carlesi v. New York, 233 U. S. 51;
Moore v. Missouri, 159 U. S. 673, 678; McDonald v. Massachusetts,
180 U. S. 311, 312, 313; Graham v. West Virginia, 224 U. S. 616,
623. The motion for leave to proceed further herein in forma
pauperis is denied.
No. 414. William Leader, President of the American Federation
of Full Fashioned Hosiery Workers, etc., et al., petitioners, v. Apex
Hosiery Company. On petition for writ of certiorari to the United
States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Third Circuit. Per curiam:
Upon consideration of the return of the petitioners to the rule to show
cause, the petition for writ of certiorari is granted, the decree of the
Circuit Court of Appeals reversed, and the cause is remanded to the
District Court with directions to vacate its decree and to dismiss the

MONDAY, DECEMBER 13, 1937
105
bill of complaint upon the ground that the cause is moot. Brownlow
v. Schwartz. 261 U. S. 216, 217, 218; Alejandrino v. Quezon, 271
U. S. 528, 535, 536; Bracken v. Securities & Exchange Comm'n, 299
U. S. 504.
The Chief Justice said:
"The other orders of the Court appear upon the list certified by the
Chief Justice and filed with the Clerk and will not be announced
orally."
No. -, Original. William Caine Davidson, complainant, v. The
State of California. The motion for leave to file the Bill of Com-
plaint herein is denied. The motion for leave to proceed in forma
pauperis is denied.
No. --, Original. State of Missouri, complainant, v. State of Iowa.
The motion for leave to file the Bill of Complaint herein is granted
and process is ordered to issue returnable on Monday, February 14,
1938.
No., Original. Ex parte Lloyd Rubin, petitioner. The motion.
for leave to file petition for writ of habeas corpus is denied.
No. 15, Original. Ex parte James H. Avery, petitioner. The mo-
tion for leave to file petition for writ of certiorari is granted. The
motion for leave to proceed further herein in forma pauperis is denied
for the reason that the Court, upon examination of the papers herein
submitted, finds no ground upon which a writ of certiorari should be
issued. The petition for writ of certiorari is therefore also denied.
No. 660, October Term, 1936. Elbert B. Lindsey and E. R.
Lindsey, petitioners, v. State of Washington. The motion to recall
the mandate is denied, without prejudice to appropriate application
to the proper state court.
No. 63. The United States of America and Interstate Commerce
Commission, appellant, v. W. V. Griffin and H. W. Purvis, Receivers,
etc. The Court is of the opinion that it has jurisdiction of the appeal.
Reargument is ordered, and the cause is assigned for argument upon
the merits on Monday, January 3, 1938.
No. 619. Sidney Charles Smith, petitioner, v. Fred G. Zerbst,
Warden, United States Penitentiary, Atlanta, Georgia. On peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of
Appeals for the Fifth Circuit. The motion for leave to proceed
further herein in forma pauperis is denied for the reason that the
Court, upon examination of the papers herein submitted, finds no
ground upon which a writ of certiorari should be issued. The peti-
tion for writ of certiorari is therefore also denied.

MONDAY, DECEMBER 13, 1937
106
No. 558. Edith Huggard Sharp, Charles C. Norris, Jr., et al., etc.,
petitioners, v. Commissioner of Internal Revenue. Petition for writ
of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the
Third Circuit granted.
No. 566. Guaranty Trust Company of New York, petitioner, v.
The United States of America. Petition for writ of certiorari to
the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit
granted.
No. 553. B. M. Hopper and Coalinga-Kettleman Oil Company,
petitioners, v. Amos W. Elliott, Marland Oil Company, et al. Peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of the State of
California denied.
No. 561. John J. Flanigan, petitioner, v. Ditto, Incorporated.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of
Appeals for the Seventh Circuit denied.
No. 570. Albert S. Readinger, Administrator, etc., petitioner, v.
Horton C. Rorick, Albert V. Foster, et al. Petition for writ of cer-
tiorari to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Sixth
Circuit denied.
No. 580. Lawrence W. O'Connor et al., petitioners, v. Charles
S. Ludlam, Homer A. Dunn, et al. Petition for writ of certiorari
to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit
denied.
No. 258. Frank E. Whitcombe, petitioner, v. The United States
of America;
No. 259. T. Turnia, petitioner, v. The United States of America;
No. 260. Charles Giordano, petitioner, v. The United States of
America; and
No. 261. Barney Marlo, petitioner, v. The United States of Amer-
ica. Petition for writs of certiorari to the United States Circuit
Court of Appeals for the Third Circuit denied.
No. 11. The United States of America, petitioner, v. Angie Crook
Williams;
No. 370. American Paper Goods Company, petitioner, v. The
United States;
No. 478. Louisiana & Arkansas Railway Company, petitioner, v.
Mrs. Esther Francis;
No. 501. Morley Construction Company et al., petitioners, v.
Maryland Casualty Company; and
No. 520. Gabriele Giordano, petitioner, v. The City of Asbury
Park et al. Petitions for rehearing denied.

MONDAY, DECEMBER 13, 1937
107
ORDER
The Court will take a recess from Monday, December 20, until
Monday, January 3, 1938.
No. 39. Harry H. Woodring, Secretary of War of the United
States of America et al., petitioners, v. Clarksburg-Columbus Short
Route Bridge Company. Motion to reverse and to remand with di-
rections to dismiss the bill of complaint upon the ground that the
cause is moot submitted by Mr. Solicitor General Reed for the
petitioners.
No. 61. Gertrude Kay, alias Gertrude Klein, petitioner, v. The
United States of America. Argument continued by Mr. Assistant
Solicitor General Bell for the respondent and concluded by Mr. Wil-
liam S. Culbertson for the petitioner.
No. 72. Crown Cork & Seal Company, Inc., petitioner, v. Ferdi-
nand Gutmann Co., Inc. Argued by Mr. John J. Darby for the pe-
titioner and by Mr. William E. Warland for the respondent.
No. 357. General Talking Pictures Corporation, petitioner, v.
Western Electric Company, Inc., et al. Argument commenced by
Mr. Samuel E. Darby, Jr., for the petitioner and continued by Mr.
Merrell E. Clark for the respondents.
Adjourned until tomorrow at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Tuesday, December 14, will be as follows: Nos.
357, 208, 13, 33, 90, 106, 108, 123 (and 124), 138, and 128.
☑

TUESDAY, DECEMBER 14, 1937
108
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: The Chief Justice, Mr. Justice McReynolds, Mr. Justice
Brandeis, Mr. Justice Sutherland, Mr. Justice Butler, Mr. Justice
Stone, Mr. Justice Roberts, and Mr. Justice Black.
Roy C. Coffee, of Dallas, Tex.; Gay H. Brown, of Utica, N. Y.;
Edward H. Knight, of Indianapolis, Ind.; James E. Deery, of
Indianapolis, Ind.; Mayte Elizabeth Boylan, of New York City;
Daniel F. Boone, of Winston-Salem, N. C.; Peter Van Dyke Voor-
hees, of New York City; Floyd J. Mattice, of Indianapolis, Ind.;
Edgar G. Hamilton, of West Palm Beach, Fla.; and Nat Tipton, of
Nashville, Tenn., were admitted to practice.
No. 615. James L. Taulbee, as Administrator, etc., petitioner, v.
Great Northern Railway Company. Motion for an extension of
time within which to file brief opposing petition for writ of certiorari
submitted by Mr. R. E. L. Smith in behalf of counsel for the re-
spondent.
No. 357. General Talking Pictures Corporation, petitioner, v.
Western Electric Company, Inc., et al. Argument continued by Mr.
Merrill E. Clark for the respondents, and concluded by Mr. Ephraim
Berliner for the petitioner.
No. 208. Leitch Manufacturing Company, Inc., petitioner, v. The
Barber Company, Inc. Argued by Mr. Samuel Ostrolenk for pe-
titioner, and by Mr. George J. Harding for the respondent.
No. 13. United Gas Public Service Company, appellant, v. State
of Texas et al. Reargument commenced by Mr. John P. Bullington
for the appellant.
Adjourned until tomorrow at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Wednesday, December 15, will be as follows: Nos.
13, 33, 90, 106, 108, 123 (and 124), 138, 128, 129, and 287.
19746-37-34

WEDNESDAY, DECEMBER 15, 1937
109
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: The Chief Justice, Mr. Justice McReynolds, Mr. Justice
Brandeis, Mr. Justice Sutherland, Mr. Justice Butler, Mr. Justice
Stone, and Mr. Justice Black.
Ester Maree Calkin, of Tulsa, Okla.; and William E. Ringel, of
New York City; were admitted to practice.
No. 13. United Gas Public Service Company, appellant, v. State
of Texas et al. Reargument continued by Mr. Alfred M. Scott and
Mr. Edward H. Lange for the appellees, and concluded by Mr. F. G.
Coates for the appellant.
No. 33. Guy T. Helvering, Commissioner of Internal Revenue,
petitioner, v. Raymond I. Bashford. Reargued by Mr. J. Louis
Monarch for the petitioner and by Mr. Walter G. Moyle for the
respondent.
No. 90. Perry McCart, Samuel L. Trabue, et al., petitioners, v.
Indianapolis Water Company. Argument commenced by Mr. Urban
C. Stover for the petitioners. The Court declined to hear further
argument.
Adjourned until tomorrow at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Thursday, December 16, will be as follows: Nos.
106, 108, 123 (and 124), 138, 128, 129, 287, 597, 140, and 189.
19746-37-35
Х

THURSDAY, DECEMBER 16, 1937
110
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: The Chief Justice, Mr. Justice McReynolds, Mr. Justice
Brandeis, Mr. Justice Sutherland, Mr. Justice Butler, Mr. Justice
Stone, Mr. Justice Roberts, and Mr. Justice Black.
Robert Dechert, of Philadelphia, Pa.; Gilbert J. Kraus, of Phila-
delphia, Pa.; W. Bradley Ward, of Paoli, Pa.; Herman E. Kleinecke,
Jr., of Galveston, Tex.; James Connelly Edwards, of Nashville,
Tenn.; and Foster H. Fanseen, of Baltimore, Md., were admitted
to practice.
No. 11, original. The State of Texas, complainant, v. The State of
New Mexico et al. Motion of the complainant that further hearings
I before the Special Master be deferred until after April 1, 1938,
presented by Mr. Charles Warren, Special Master.
No. 106. Minnesota Tea Company, petitioner, v. Guy T. Helver-
ing, Commissioner of Internal Revenue. Argued by Mr. James G.
Nye for the petitioner and by Mr. J. Lewis Monarch for the
respondent.
No. 108. Andrew J. Christopher, Third National Bank & Trust
Co., as Executor, etc., et al., petitioners, v. W. E. Brusselback and
W. L. Bell et al., etc. Argued by Mr. Wellmore B. Turner for the
petitioners and by Mr. J. Arthur Miller for the respondents.
No. 123. Harvey S. Adams, Receiver, etc., petitioner, v. Geneva M.
Nagle, Ralph S. Hill, et al.; and
No. 124. Harvey S. Adams, Receiver, etc., petitioner, v. J. Edwin
Tobias, Ralph S. Hill, et al. Argument commenced by Mr. Charles
E. Wainwright for the petitioner and continued by Mr. Lemuel B.
Schofield for the respondents.
Adjourned until tomorrow at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Friday, December 17, will be as follows: Nos.
123 (and 124), 128 (129, 287, and 597), 138, and 140.
19746-37-36

FRIDAY, DECEMBER 17, 1937
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
111
Present: The Chief Justice, Mr. Justice McReynolds, Mr. Justice
Brandeis, Mr. Justice Sutherland, Mr. Justice Butler, Mr. Justice
Stone, Mr. Justice Roberts, and Mr. Justice Black.
Jacob Weiss, of Indianapolis, Ind.; George D. Locke, of Glendale,
Ariz.; Francis P. Keiper, of Washington, D. C.; Elizabeth F. Reed,
of Washington, D. C.; Lawrence Hunt, of Boston, Mass.; Rees B.
Gillespie, of Gallatin, Mo.; and Lambert S. O'Malley, of Kansas City,
Mo., were admitted to practice.
No. 594. Calmar Steamship Corporation, petitioner, v. Charles W.
Taylor. Motion for leave to file brief as amicus curiae submitted by
Mr. John C. Crawley.
No. 123. Harvey S. Adams, Receiver, etc., petitioner, v. Geneva
M. Nagle, Ralph S. Hill, et al.; and
No. 124. Harvey S. Adams, Receiver, etc., petitioner, v. J. Edwin
Tobias, Ralph S. Hill, et al. Argument continued by Mr. Lemuel
B. Schofield for the respondents and concluded by Mr. George P.
Barse for the petitioner.
No. 128. Guy T. Helvering, Commissioner of Internal Revenue,
petitioner, v. John H. Therrell;
No. 129. Guy T. Helvering, Commissioner of Internal Revenue,
petitioner, v. William H. Tunnicliffe ;
No. 287. Edward McLoughlin, petitioner, v. Commissioner of In-
ternal Revenue; and
No. 597. Guy T. Helvering, Commissioner of Internal Revenue,
petitioner, v. Clarence M. Freedman. Argued by Mr. Solicitor Gen-
eral Reed for the Commissioner of Internal Revenue; by Mr. Harry
M. Voorhis for the respondents in Nos. 128 and 129; by Mr.
Bernhard Knollenberg for the petitioner in No. 287; and by Mr.
John W. Townsend for the respondent in No. 597.
No. 138. The United States of America, petitioner, v. Pete Mc-
Gowan, Claimant of One Chevrolet Coupe, etc., et al. Argued by
Mr. William H. Ramsey for the petitioner. No appearance for the
respondent.
Adjourned until Monday, December 20 next, at 12 o'clock.
19746-37-37
☑

Reprint
MONDAY, DECEMBER 20, 1937
112
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: The Chief Justice, Mr. Justice Brandeis, Mr. Justice
Sutherland, Mr. Justice Butler, Mr. Justice Stone, Mr. Justice
Roberts, and Mr. Justice Black.
Lewis Deschler, of Washington, D. C.; Herman S. Shapiro, of
Los Angeles, Calif.; Mortimer M. Kassell, of Albany, N. Y.; Isador
Becker, of Chicago, Ill.; and James J. McGinnis, of Philadelphia,
Pa., were admitted to practice.
No. 190. Frank Carmine Nardone, Austin L. Callahan, Hugh
Brown and Robert Gottfried, petitioners, v. The United States of
America. On writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court
of Appeals for the Second Circuit. Judgment reversed and cause
remanded to the District Court of the United States for the Southern
District of New York for further proceedings in conformity with
the opinion of this Court. Opinion by Mr. Justice Roberts. Dis-
senting opinion by Mr. Justice Sutherland in which Mr. Justice
McReynolds joins.
No. 583. Marian S. Honeyman, appellant, v. Herbert G. Hanan,
as Executor of the last will and testament of Herbert W. Hanan,
deceased. Appeal from the Supreme Court of the State of New
York. Appeal dismissed for the want of a substantial federal ques-
tion. Opinion, per curiam, announced by Mr. Chief Justice Hughes.
The Chief Justice announced the following orders of the Court:
No. 616. West Brothers Brick Company, appellant, v. City of
Alexandria. Appeal from the Supreme Court of Appeals of the
Commonwealth of Virginia. Per curiam: The appeal herein is dis-
missed for the want of a substantial federal question. Euclid v.
Ambler Co., 272 U. S. 365, 387, 388; Zahn v. Board of Public Works,
274 U. S. 325, 327, 328; Lewis v. Mayor, 290 U. S. 585.
No. 39. Harry H. Woodring, Secretary of War of the United
States of America, et al., petitioners, v. Clarksburg-Columbus Short
Route Bridge Company. On writ of certiorari to the United States
Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia. Per curiam: The
19746-37-38

MONDAY, DECEMBER 20, 1937
113
motion of the petitioners to reverse the judgment and remand the
cause to the United States District Court for the District of Co-
lumbia, with instructions to dismiss the bill, is granted, and the judg-
ment of the Court of Appeals is reversed, and the cause remanded
to the District Court with instructions to dismiss the bill of com-
plaint upon the ground that the cause is moot. Brownlow v.
Schwartz, 261 U. S. 216, 217, 218; Alejandrino v. Quezon, 271 U. S.
528, 535, 536; Bracken v. Securities & Exchange Comm'n., 299 U. S.
504.
The Chief Justice said:
"The other orders of the Court appear upon the list certified by
the Chief Justice and filed with the Clerk and will not be announced
orally."
―.
No. Ex parte Basil H. Pollitt, petitioner. Applications denied.
No. 11, original. State of Texas, complainant, v. State of New
Mexico et al. Upon consideration of the motion of the complainant
State, presented by Charles Warren, Special Master herein, to defer
hearings before the Special Master, and of the communication of the
Special Assistant Attorney General of the State of New Mexico stat-
ing that the State of New Mexico and the attorneys for the Middle
Rio Grande Conservancy District agree to a continuance, it is ordered
that further hearings before the Special Master be deferred until
April 1, 1938, or such date thereafter as the Special Master shall,
determine.
No. 560. Southwestern Bell Telephone Company, appellant, v.
State of Oklahoma et al. The motion of the appellees to reassign
argument of the motion to dismiss is granted and the motion to
dismiss is reassigned for argument on February 7, 1938.
No. 615. James L. Taulbee, as Administrator, etc., petitioner, v.
Great Northern Railway Company. The motion of the respondent
to extend the time for filing brief in opposition to the petition for
writ of certiorari is granted, and the time is extended to January
22, 1938.
No. 623. Jack Shearer, petitioner, v. F. G. Zerbst, Warden, United
States Penitentiary, Atlanta, Georgia. On petition for writ of
certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the
Fifth Circuit;
No. 628. Anthony DiStasio, petitioner, v. Commonwealth of Mas-
sachusetts. On petition for writ of certiorari to the Superior Court
of the Commonwealth of Massachusetts; and
No. 629. James Jackson, petitioner, v. Commonwealth of Virginia.
On petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court for Elizabeth
City County, Commonwealth of Virginia. The motions for leave to

MONDAY, DECEMBER 20, 1937
114
proceed further herein in forma pauperis are denied for the reason
that the Court, upon examination of the papers herein submitted,
finds no ground upon which writs of certiorari should be issued.
The petitions for writs of certiorari are therefore also denied.
No. 422. J. M. Hebert et al., petitioners, v. Rio Bravo Oil Company
et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of the
State of Texas denied.
No. 542. J. B. Clevinger, petitioner, v. St. Louis-San Francisco
Railway Company. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme
Court of the State of Missouri denied.
No. 564. Alfred M. LaForest, petitioner, v. Board of Commis-
sioners of the District of Columbia. Petition for writ of certiorari
to the United States Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia
denied.
No. 567. John R. Foote, Edward B. Woodruff, et al., petitioners,
v. The People of the State of New York. Petition for writ of cer-
tiorari to the Supreme Court of the State of New York denied.
No. 571. L. W. Sheckles, petitioner, v. Commissioner of Internal
Revenue;
No. 572. Woodring-Meyer Lumber Company, petitioner, v. Com-
missioner of Internal Revenue;
No. 573. W. A. Carnes, petitioner, v. Commissioner of Internal
Revenue;
No. 574. H. S. Paulus, petitioner, v. Commissioner of Internal
Revenue;
No. 575. Peck Welhausen, petitioner, v. Commissioner of Internal
Revenue;
No. 576. S. A. Carnes, petitioner, v. Commissioner of Internal
Revenue;
No. 577. Celia Fetterly, petitioner, v. Commissioner of Internal
Revenue;
No. 578. C. C. Welhausen, petitioner, v. Commissioner of Internal
Revenue; and
No. 579. M. A. Meyer, Executor, etc., petitioner, v. Commissioner
of Internal Revenue. Petition for writs of certiorari to the United
States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 582. Thomas A. Banks, Trustee, etc., petitioner, v. Southern
Dairies, Inc. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States.
Circuit Court of Appeals for the Fourth Circuit denied.
No. 584. Roland H. Weir, petitioner, v. The United States of
America;
No. 585. Roland H. Weir, petitioner, v. The United States of
America;
No. 586. Roland H. Weir, petitioner, v. The United States of
America;

MONDAY, DECEMBER 20, 1937
115
No. 587. Raymond E. Korte, petitioner, v. The United States of
America;
No. 588. Raymond E. Korte, petitioner, v. The United States of
America; and
No. 589. Raymond E. Korte, petitioner, v. The United States of
America. Petition for writs of certiorari to the United States Cir-
cuit Court of Appeals for the Seventh Circuit denied.
No. 591. General Baking Company, petitioner, v. Luther A. Harr
(Successor to William D. Gordon), Secretary of Banking for the
Commonwealth of Pennsylvania, etc., et al. Petition for writ of
certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the
Third Circuit denied.
No. 592. Diamond P Transportation Company, petitioner, v.
Eastern State Farmer's Exchange. Petition for writ of certiorari
to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Third Circuit
denied.
No. , original. Ex parte Charles Lefkowitz, petitioner;
No. 14. Federal Trade Commission, petitioner, v. Standard Educa-
tion Society et al.;
No. 496. The State of Texas, petitioner, v. Anderson, Clayton &
Company et al.;
No. 521. John Jensen and Mortimer Bye, petitioners, v. Anthony
J. Lorenz and Mark H. Wodlinger; and
No. 522. John Jensen and Mortimer Bye, petitioners, v. Anthony
J. Lorenz and Mark H. Wodlinger. Petitions for rehearing denied.
ORDER
It is ordered that Rules of Procedure for the District Courts of the
United States be adopted pursuant to Section 2 of the Act of June
19, 1934, Chapter 651 (48 Stat. 1064), and the Chief Justice is au-
thorized and directed to transmit the Rules as adopted to the Attor-
ney General and to request him, as provided in that section, to report
these Rules to the Congress at the beginning of the regular session in
January next. Mr. Justice Brandeis states that he does not approve
of the adoption of the Rules.
No. -, original. Ex parte Florence F. Greaves Stone et al., peti-
tioners. Motion for leave to file petition for writ of mandamus sub-
mitted by Mr. James J. McGinnis for the petitioners.
No. 618. Motor Wheel Corporation, petitioner, v. Rubsam Cor-
poration. On petition for writ of certiorari to the United States

Х
MONDAY, DECEMBER 20, 1937
116
Circuit Court of Appeals for the Sixth Circuit. Dismissed on mo-
tion of counsel for the petitioner.
Adjourned until Monday, January 3, 1938.
The day call for Monday, January 3, 1938, will be as follows: Nos.
63, 140, 143, 161, 163, 167, 181 (and 182), 305, 197, and 199.

MONDAY, JANUARY 3, 1938
117
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: The Chief Justice, Mr. Justice McReynolds, Mr. Justice
Brandeis, Mr. Justice Sutherland, Mr. Justice Butler, Mr. Justice
Stone, Mr. Justice Roberts, and Mr. Justice Black.
Marcus Muskat, of Los Angeles, Calif.; Roswell B. O'Harra, of
Macomb, Ill.; Harry Thom, of Chicago, Ill.; Frederic D. Metzger,
of Tacoma, Wash.; Leo Aubrey Newman, of Roanoke, Va.; J. B.
Garcia Mendez, of Aguadilla, P. R.; James E. Carroll, of Boston,
Mass.; E. Martinez Rivera, of San Juan, P. R.; Frank G. Coleman,
of Washington, D. C.; and E. Herman Fuiman, of Philadelphia, Pa.,
were admitted to practice.
No. 138. The United States of America, petitioner, v. Pete
McGowan, Claimant of One Chevrolet Coupe, etc., et al. On writ
of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the
Ninth Circuit. Judgment reversed and cause remanded to the Dis-
trict Court of the United States for the District of Nevada for
further proceedings in conformity with the opinion of this Court.
Opinion by Mr. Justice Black. Mr. Justice Cardozo took no part in
the consideration or decision of this case.
No. 146. The United States of America, petitioner, v. Ralph
Raynor; and
No. 147. The United States of America, petitioner, v. Chett
Fowler. On writs of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court
of Appeals for the Seventh Circuit. Judgments reversed and cases
remanded to the District Court of the United States for the Southern
District of Indiana for further proceedings in conformity with the
opinion of this Court. Opinion by Mr. Justice Black. Dissenting
opinion by Mr. Justice Sutherland, in which Mr. Justice McReynolds
and Mr. Justice Butler join.
No. 447. Schuylkill Trust Company, appellant, v. The Common-
wealth of Pennsylvania. Appeal from the Supreme Court of the
State of Pennsylvania. Judgment affirmed with costs. Opinion by
Mr. Justice Roberts.
No. 48. The United States, petitioner, v. Mabel S. Andrews,
Executrix of the estate of Matthew Andrews, deceased. On writ of
certiorari to the Court of Claims. Judgment reversed and cause
remanded to Court of Claims for further proceedings in conformity
with the opinion of this Court. Opinion by Mr. Justice Roberts.
19746-38-39

MONDAY, JANUARY 3, 1938
118
No. 262. The United States of America, petitioner, v. Garbutt Oil
Company. On writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court
of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit. Judgment reversed and cause
remanded to the District Court of the United States for the Southern
District of California for further proceedings in conformity with
the opinion of this Court. Opinion by Mr. Justice Roberts.
No. 62. Textile Machine Works, petitioner, v. Louis Hirsch
Textile Machines, Inc. On writ of certiorari to the United States.
Circuit Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit. Decree affirmed
with costs and cause remanded to the District Court of the United
States for the Southern District of New York. Opinion by Mr.
Justice Stone.
No. 108. Andrew J. Christopher, Third National Bank & Trust
Co., as Executor, etc., et al., petitioners, v. W. E. Brusselback and W. I.
Bell et al., etc. On writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit
Court of Appeals for the Sixth Circuit. Decree reversed with costs
and cause remanded to the District Court of the United States for
the Southern District of Ohio for further proceedings in conformity
with the opinion of this Court. Opinion by Mr. Justice Stone. Mr.
Justice Brandeis and Mr. Justice Cardozo took no part in the con-
sideration or decision of this case.
No. 84. Alabama Power Company, petitioner, v. Harold L. Ickes,
as Federal Emergency Administrator of Public Works et al.; and
No. 85. Alabama Power Company, petitioner, v. Harold L. Ickes,
as Federal Emergency Administrator of Public Works et al. On
writs of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the
District of Columbia. Decrees affirmed and cases remanded to the
District Court of the United States for the District of Columbia.
Opinion by Mr. Justice Sutherland. Mr. Justice Black concurs in
the result.
No. 397. Duke Power Company and Southern Public Utilities
Company, petitioners, v. Greenwood County and E. L. Brooks, S. A.
Agnew, and E. I. Davis, et al. On writ of certiorari to the United
States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Fourth Circuit. Decree
affirmed and cause remanded to the District Court of the United
States for the Western District of South Carolina. Opinion by Mr.
Justice Sutherland. Mr. Justice Black concurs in the result.
No. 30. The United States of America on relation of Chester A.
Willoughby, as Trustee in Bankruptcy of National Mechanical Serv-
ice Company, et al., petitioners, v. Sam Howard and Continental
Casualty Company. On writ of certiorari to the United States Cir-
cuit Court of Appeals for the Seventh Circuit. Judgment reversed
with costs and cause remanded to the said Circuit Court of Appeals

MONDAY, JANUARY 3, 1938
119
for further proceedings in conformity with the opinion of this Court.
Opinion by Mr. Justice Brandeis.
No. 33. Guy T. Helvering, Commissioner of Internal Revenue,
petitioner, v. Raymond I. Bashford. On writ of certiorari to the
United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Third Circuit.
Judgment reversed and cause remanded to the said Circuit Court of
Appeals for further proceedings in conformity with the opinion of
this Court. Opinion by Mr. Justice Brandeis. Mr. Justice Roberts
took no part in the consideration or decision of this case. Dissent-
ing: Mr. Justice McReynolds, Mr. Justice Sutherland, and Mr.
Justice Butler.
No. 208. Leitch Manufacturing Company, Inc., petitioner, v. The
Barber Company, Inc. On writ of certiorari to the United States
Circuit Court of Appeals for the Third Circuit. Decree reversed
with costs and cause remanded to the District Court of the United
States for the District of New Jersey for further proceedings in con-
formity with the opinion of this Court. Opinion by Mr. Justice
Brandeis. Mr. Justice Cardozo took no part in the consideration or
decision of this case.
No. 41. Standard Accident Insurance Company, petitioner, v. The
United States of America for the use and benefit of L. R. Powell, Jr.,
and Henry W. Anderson, as Receivers, etc. On writ of certiorari to
the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit.
Judgment affirmed with costs and cause remanded to the District
Court of the United States for the Southern District of Florida.
Opinion by Mr. Justice McReynolds.
No. 804. October Term, 1936. Railroad Commission of the State
of California et al., appellants, v. Pacific Gas and Electric Company.
Appeal from the District Court of the United States for the North-
ern District of California. Decree reversed with costs and cause re-
manded to the said District Court for further proceedings in con-
formity with the opinion of this Court. Opinion by Mr. Chief Jus-
tice Hughes. Mr. Justice Black concurs in the reversal of the decree.
Mr. Justice Sutherland took no part in the consideration or decision
of this case. Dissenting opinion by Mr. Justice Butler in which Mr.
Justice McReynolds joins.
No. 90. Perry McCart, Samuel L. Trabue, and Moie Cook, Mem-
bers of and Constituting the Public Service Commission et al., peti-
tioners, v. Indianapolis Water Company. On writ of certiorari to
the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Seventh Circuit.
Decree modified as indicated in the opinion of this Court and, as thus
modified, affirmed with costs and cause remanded to the District
Court of the United States for the Southern District of Indiana for
further proceedings in conformity with the opinion of this Court.
Opinion, per curiam, announced by Mr. Chief Justice Hughes. Mr.

MONDAY, JANUARY 3, 1938
120
Justice Cardozo took no part in the consideration or decision of this
case. Dissenting opinion by Mr. Justice Black.
The Chief Justice announced the following order of the Court:
No. 622. Alvin F. Speece, appellant, v. People of the State of
Illinois. Appeal from the Supreme Court of the State of Illinois.
Per curiam: The motion of the appellee to dismiss the appeal is
granted, and the appeal is dismissed for the want of jurisdiction.
Section 237 (a), Judicial Code, as amended by the Act of February
13, 1925 (43 Stat. 936, 937). Treating the papers whereon the appeal
was allowed as a petition for writ of certiorari, as required by section
237 (c), Judicial Code, as amended (43 Stat. 936, 938), certiorari is
denied.
The Chief Justice said:
"The other orders of the Court appear upon the list certified by
the Chief Justice and filed with the Clerk and will not be announced
orally."
No., original. Ex parte Florence F. Greaves Stone et al., peti-
tioners. The motion for leave to file petition for writ of mandamus
is denied.
No.
-
original. Ex parte Louis Berman, petitioner. The motion.
for leave to file petition for writ of habeas corpus is denied.
No. In the matter of Paysoff Tinkoff, petitioner. The motion
to reconsider and vacate order denying extension of time to file peti-
tion for writ of certiorari is denied.
No. 594. Calmar Steamship Corporation, petitioner, v. Charles W.
Taylor. The motion for leave to file brief of John C. Crawley, as
amicus curiae, is denied.
No. 514. The United States of America et al., appellants, v. Pan
American Petroleum Corporation et al.; and
No. 530. The United States of America et al., appellants, v.
Humble Oil & Refining Company et al. The motion of the appellants
to reverse is denied.
No. 643. Scott Hicks, petitioner, v. F. G. Zerbst, Warden, United
States Penitentiary, Atlanta, Georgia. On petition for writ of cer-
tiorari to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Fifth
Circuit. The motion for leave to proceed further herein in forma
pauperis is denied for the reason that the Court, upon examination
of the papers herein submitted, finds no ground upon which a writ of
certiorari should be issued. The petition for writ of certiorari is
therefore also denied.
No. 199. The United States of America, petitioner, v. Ben B.
Jackson, by his Guardian, etc. The motion of the respondent for
leave to proceed in forma pauperis is granted.

MONDAY, JANUARY 3, 1938
121
No. 640. The United States of America, appellant, v. Carolene
Products Company. In this case probable jurisdiction is noted.
No. 594. Calmar Steamship Corporation, petitioner, v. Charles W.
Taylor. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit
Court of Appeals for the Third Circuit granted.
No. 596. John C. Ruhlin, Jennie B. Ruhlin, et al., petitioners, v.
New York Life Insurance Company. Petition for writ of certiorari
to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Third Circuit
granted.
No. 636. Electric Bond and Share Company et al., petitioners, v.
Securities and Exchange Commission et al. Petition for writ of
certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the
Second Circuit granted.
No. 600. Guy T. Helvering, Commissioner of Internal Revenue,
petitioner, v. Mountain Producers Corporation. Petition for writ of
certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Tenth
Circuit granted and case assigned for argument immediately follow-
ing No. 446.
No. 608. Lincoln Engineering Company of Illinois, petitioner, v.
Stewart-Warner Corporation. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Seventh Circuit
granted. The Chief Justice took no part in the consideration or
decision of this application.
No. 595. W. E. Hedger Transportation Corporation, petitioner, v.
William H. Lloyd. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme
Court of the State of New York denied.
No. 555. Charles W. Hofferd, as Administrator, etc., petitioner, v.
James F. Coyle, as Executor, etc., et al. Petition for writ of certi-
orari to the Supreme Court of the State of Indiana denied.
No. 598. Angus Spear and Thomas D. Humphrey, petitioners, v.
Ernest O. Thompson, C. V. Terrell, et al. Petition for writ of cer-
tiorari to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Fifth
Circuit denied.
No. 601. Agricultural Bond and Credit corporation, petitioner, v.
L. H. Norton, Individually, etc., et al. Petition for writ of certiorari
to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Tenth Circuit
denied.
No. 602. Stanolind Oil and Gas Company, Simms Oil Company,
et al., petitioners, v. Walter Logan, Trustee in Bankruptcy, etc. Pe-
tition for writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of
Appeals for the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 603. Harry T. Rollins, petitioner, v. Guy T. Helvering, Com-
missioner of Internal Revenue;

MONDAY, JANUARY 3, 1938
122
No. 604. Glendora M. Rollins, petitioner, v. Guy T. Helvering,
Commissioner of Internal Revenue;
No. 605. Margaret C. Rollins, petitioner, v. Guy T. Helvering,
Commissioner of Internal Revenue;
No. 606. Harry T. Rollins et al., Executors, etc., petitioners, v.
Guy T. Helvering, Commissioner of Internal Revenue; and
No. 607. Ralph E. Rollins, petitioner, v. Guy T. Helvering, Com-
missioner of Internal Revenue. Petition for writs of certiorari to
the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Eighth Circuit
denied.
No. 612. International Salt Company, Inc., petitioner, v. Diamond
P Transportation Company, Inc., et al. Petition for writ of cer-
tiorari to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Second
Circuit denied.
No. 617. Antonio Gullo, petitioner, v. The United States of Amer-
ica. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court
of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit denied.
No. 624. Edward C. Ostrow, Herbert Glassman, et al., petitioners,
v. Olive McNeal; and
No. 625. Edward C. Ostrow, Herbert Glassman, et al., petitioners,
v. Thomas R. Fisher. Petition for writs of certiorari to the United
States Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia denied.
No., original. Ex parte Joseph E. Jones, petitioner ;
No. 28. State of Texas and J. C. Clopton et al., etc., petitioners, v.
David Donoghue, Trustee, etc.;
No. 38. Fidelity & Deposit Company of Maryland, petitioner, v.
Louis H. Pink, Superintendent of Insurance, etc.;
No. 544. Henry Hornblower et al., appellants, v. Harvey D.
McGray; and
No. 557. Benjamin F. J. Odell, petitioner, v. Bausch & Lomb
Optical Company et al. Petitions for rehearing denied.
No. 1, original. The State of Georgia, complainant, v. The Ten-
nessee Copper Company et al. Joint motion to dismiss Bill of Com-
plaint presented.
No. 3, Original. The State of Wisconsin et al., complainants, v. The
State of Illinois et al.;
No. 4, original. The State of Michigan et al., complainants, v. The
State of Illinois et al.; and
No. 5, original. The State of New York et al., complainants, v. The
State of Illinois et al. Semiannual report of defendant, Sanitary
District of Chicago, dated January 1, 1938, presented.
No. 14. Federal Trade Commission, petitioner, v. Standard Educa-
tion Society et al. Motion to amend opinion and to recall and amend
mandate submitted by Mr. Henry Ward Beer for the respondents.

MONDAY, JANUARY 3, 1938
123
No. 63. The United States of America et al., appellants, v. W. V.
Griffin and H. W. Purvis, Receivers, etc. Reargued by Mr. Edward
M. Reidy for the appellants and by Mr. Moultrie Hitt for the
appellees.
No. 140. The Creek Nation, petitioner, v. The United States.
Argued by Mr. W. W. Spalding for the petitioner and by Mr. N. A.
Townsend for the respondent.
No. 143. The United States of America, petitioner, v. Helen J.
Stevens, Administratrix, et al. Argument commenced by Mr. Paul
Campbell for the petitioner.
Adjourned until tomorrow at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Tuesday, January 4, will be as follows: Nos. 143,
161, 163, 167, 181 (and 182), 305, 197, 199, 215, and 218.

TUESDAY, JANUARY 4, 1938
124
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: The Chief Justice, Mr. Justice McReynolds, Mr. Justice
Brandeis, Mr. Justice Sutherland, Mr. Justice Butler, Mr. Justice
Stone, Mr. Justice Roberts, and Mr. Justice Black.
Chas. W. Hagen, of New York City; Fred H. Skinner, of Newport
News, Va.; Clarence G. Myers, of Chicago, Ill.; Victor Edward
Phelps, of Wilmington, N. C.; Donald F. Elliott, of Kokomo, Ind.;
Aaron Gordon, of Jersey City, N. J.; Edward A. Markley, of Jersey
City, N. J.; William E. Corkum, of Boston, Mass.; Benedict Deinard,
of Minneapolis, Minn.; Thomas E. Linehan, of Boston, Mass.; Walter
N. Davis, of St. Louis, Mo.; and Robert P. Elam, of St. Louis, Mo.,
were admitted to practice.
No. 636. Electric Bond and Share Company, American Gas and
Electric Company, et al., petitioners, v. Securities and Exchange
Commission et al. Motion to advance submitted by Mr. Paul Camp-
bell for the respondents.
No. 143. The United States of America, petitioner, v. Helen J.
Stevens, Administratrix, et al. Argument concluded by Mr. James
E. Carroll for the respondents.
No. 161. South Carolina State Highway Department et al., ap-
pellants, v. Barnwell Brothers, Inc., et al. Three hours allowed for
oral argument. Argument commenced by Mr. Steve C. Griffith for
the appellants; continued by Mr. S. King Funkhouser and Mr. Frank
Coleman for the appellees; and concluded by Mr. Thomas W. Davis
for the appellants.
No. 163. Thomas J. Brady, petitioner, v. Terminal Railroad Asso-
ciation of St. Louis. Argument commenced by Mr. Mark D. Eagleton
for the petitioner and continued by Mr. Walter N. Davis for the
respondent.
Adjourned until tomorrow at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Wednesday, January 5, will be as follows: Nos.
163, 167, 181 (and 182), 305, 197, 199, 215, 218, 231, and 242.
19746-38-
Х
40

WEDNESDAY, JANUARY 5, 1938
125
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: The Chief Justice, Mr. Justice McReynolds, Mr. Justice
Brandeis, Mr. Justice Sutherland, Mr. Justice Butler, Mr. Justice
Stone, Mr. Justice Roberts, and Mr. Justice Black.
James E. Murray, of Butte, Mont.; Lincoln D. Brayton, of Fall
River, Mass.; Frank Feigenbaum, of New York City; Samuel B.
Burk, of New York City; George N. Edson, of Jackson Heights,
N. Y.; Bartholomew A. Brickley, of Boston, Mass.; Oliver R. Waite,
of Boston, Mass.; Howard L. Barkdull, of Cleveland, Ohio; Henry
H. Roberts, of Detroit, Mich.; Robert King Wise, of Columbia,
S. C.; Edwin H. Chaney, of Cleveland, Ohio; and Wilder Howard
Middleton, of Waverly, Ohio, were admitted to practice.
No. 163. Thomas J. Brady, petitioner, v. Terminal Railroad Asso-
ciation of St. Louis. Argument continued by Mr. Walter N. Davis.
for the respondent and concluded by Mr. Mark D. Eagleton for the
petitioner.
No. 167. Charles F. Blackton, petitioner, v. Aaron Gordon.
Argued by Mr. Aaron Gordon for the respondent and case sub-
mitted by Mr. Clement K. Corbin and Mr. E. A. Markley for the
petitioner.
No. 181. A. Howard Myers, Individually, etc., et al., petitioners, v.
Bethlehem Shipbuilding Corporation, Ltd.; and
No. 182. A. Howard Myers, Edmund J. Blake, et al., etc., peti-
tioners, v. Charles MacKenzie, Individually etc., et al. Argued by
Mr. Robert B. Watts for the petitioners; by Mr. Claude R. Branch
for the respondent in No. 181 and by Mr. B. A. Brickley for the
respondent in No. 182.
No. 305. Newport News Shipbuilding and Dry Dock Company,
petitioner, v. Bennett F. Schauffler Individually etc., et al. Argu-
ment commenced by Mr. H. H. Rumble for the petitioner; continued
by Mr. Robert B. Watts for the respondents; and concluded by Mr.
Fred H. Skinner for the petitioner.
19746-38-41

WEDNESDAY, JANUARY 5, 1938
126
No. 199. The United States of America, petitioner, v. Ben B.
Jackson, by his guardian etc. Argument commenced by Mr. Fendall
Marbury for the petitioner.
Adjourned until tomorrow at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Thursday, January 6, will be as follows: Nos. 199,
197, 215, 218, 231, 242, 256, 243, 334, and 189.

THURSDAY, JANUARY 6, 1938
127
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: The Chief Justice, Mr. Justice Brandeis, Mr. Justice Mc-
Reynolds, Mr. Justice Sutherland, Mr. Justice Butler, Mr. Justice
Stone, Mr. Justice Roberts, and Mr. Justice Black.
Alger A. Williams, of Buffalo, N. Y.; Charles H. Kendall, of
Buffalo, N. Y.; Donald Gilbert Eggerman, of Seattle, Wash.; and
William P. Stephenson, of Columbus, Ohio, were admitted to prac-
tice.
No. 199. The United States of America, petitioner, v. Ben B.
Jackson, by his guardian, etc. Argument continued by Mr. Fendall
Marbury for the petitioner; by Mr. R. K. Wise and Mr. Warren E.
Miller for the respondent; and concluded by Mr. Fendall Marbury
for the petitioner.
No. 197. Estaban Adam, petitioner, v. William Saenger et al.
Argued by Mr. M. G. Adams for the petitioner and case submitted
by Mr. Oliver J. Todd for the respondents.
No. 215. The Tax Commission of Ohio, petitioner, v. Rollin A.
Wilbur et al. Argument commenced by Mr. A. T. O'Neil for the
petitioner; continued by Mr. Edwin H. Chaney for the respondents;
and concluded by Mr. William P. Stephenson for the petitioner.
No. 218. Leo N. Munro, petitioner, v. The United States of Amer-
ica. Argument commenced by Mr. Alger A. Williams for the peti-
tioner and continued by Mr. Charles H. Kendall for the petitioner.
Adjourned until tomorrow at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Friday, January 7, will be as follows: Nos. 218,
231, 242, 256, 189, 243, 334, 274, 293, and 301.
19746-38-
-42

FRIDAY, JANUARY 7, 1938
128
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: The Chief Justice, Mr. Justice McReynolds, Mr. Justice
Brandeis, Mr. Justice Sutherland, Mr. Justice Butler, Mr. Justice
Stone, Mr. Justice Roberts, and Mr. Justice Black.
Raymond Brooks, of North Manchester, Ind.; Richard R. Davis, of
Milwaukee, Wis.; Denver C. Harlan, of Richmond, Ind.; and Trevor
V. Roberts, of Philadelphia, Pa., were admitted to practice.
ORDER
IT IS ORDERED BY THE COURT that the accompanying correspondence
between members of the Court and Mr. Justice Sutherland be this day
spread upon the minutes and that it also be printed in the reports of
the Court.
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
WASHINGTON, D. C.
JANUARY 6, 1938.
My dear Justice SUTHERLAND:
Upon your retirement from regular active service on the bench, we
wish to give you renewed assurance of our warm affection and of our
high appreciation of the distinguished ability and unremitting devo-
tion which have characterized your long participation in the work of
the Court. Not only have you brought to our deliberations learning
and dialectical skill, a wide knowledge of affairs enriched by varied
and eminent public service, and a habit of thoroughness and pre-
cision, but you have matched tenacity of purpose with an unvarying
kindliness and have mellowed our deliberations with unfailing humor.
We keenly regret the loss of this companionship which will ever re-
main a delightful memory. We trust that in your retirement from
the constant labor of active service you will find fresh vigor and the
19746-38-43

FRIDAY, JANUARY 7, 1938
129
abiding satisfaction which comes from the consciousness of arduous
duties performed with complete fidelity.
Faithfully yours,
CHARLES E. HUGHES.
J. C. McREYNOLDS.
LOUIS D. BRANDEIS.
PIERCE BUTLER.
HARLAN F. STONE.
OWEN J. ROBERTS.
BENJAMIN N. CARDOZO.
HUGO L. BLACK.
Mr. Justice SUTHERLAND.
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
WASHINGTON, D. C.
JANUARY 7, 1938.
My dear BRETHREN :
I have read your letter, and make my reply to it with mingled emo-
tions of gratitude for the more than generous things you say, and
sorrow that these amenities end the completeness of that close and
affectionate comradeship which reaches back so many years. It is very
hard for me to step out of this circle, where I have taken comfort for
so long. I leave the Court with keen regret. I have loved the work in
which we have been engaged together; and only a definite conviction
that the time has come reconciles me to the unwelcome thought of lay-
ing it down. The memory of our association will remain; but this,
although very dear, will not compensate me for the loss of the reality.
May health and happiness attend you all throughout the coming years.
Very sincerely yours,
The CHIEF JUSTICE.
Mr. Justice MCREYNOLDS.
Mr. Justice BRANDEIS.
Mr. Justice BUTLER.
GEO. SUTHERLAND.
Mr. Justice STONE.
Mr. Justice ROBERTS.
Mr. Justice CARDOZO.
Mr. Justice BLACK.
No. 397. Duke Power Company and Southern Public Utilities
Company, petitioner, v. Greenwood County et al. Mandate ordered

FRIDAY, JANUARY 7, 1938
130
to issue forthwith on motion of Mr. Solicitor General Reed for the
respondents.
No. 218. Leo N. Munro, petitioner, v. The United States of Amer-
ica. Argument continued by Mr. Charles H. Kendall for the peti-
tioner; by Mr. Julius C. Martin for the respondent; and con-
cluded by Mr. Charles H. Kendall for the petitioner.
No. 231. The United States, petitioner, v. Robert Esnault-Pelterie.
Argued by Mr. Drury W. Cooper for the petitioner and by Mr.
George T. Bean and Mr. Eugene V. Myers for the respondent.
No. 242. Compania Espanola de Navegacion Maritima, S. A.,
owner etc., petitioner, v. Spanish Steamship "Navemar” her engines,
etc., et al. Argument commenced by Mr. T. Catesby Jones for the
petitioner and continued by Mr. Charles W. Hagen for the
respondent.
Adjourned until Monday next at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Monday, January 10, will be as follows: Nos.
242, 256, 121, 189, 243, 334, 274, 293, 301, and 303.
×

MONDAY, JANUARY 10, 1938
131
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: The Chief Justice, Mr. Justice McReynolds, Mr. Justice
Brandeis, Mr. Justice Sutherland, Mr. Justice Butler, Mr. Justice
Stone, Mr. Justice Roberts, and Mr. Justice Black.
Peter P. Zion, of Philadelphia, Pa.; Daniel J. C. O'Donnell, of
Phoenixville, Pa.; Ewell Strong, of Beaumont, Tex.; John B. King,
of New York City; Morris Ehrlich, of New York City; George S.
Leisure, of New York City; William P. McCool, of New York City;
and Carl E. Davidson, of Portland, Ore., were admitted to practice.
No. 55. Mary Duke Biddle, petitioner, v. Commissioner of Internal
Revenue. On writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court
of Appeals for the Second Circuit; and
No. 505. Guy T. Helvering, Commissioner of Internal Revenue,
petitioner, v. George W. Elkins. On writ of certiorari to the United
States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Third Circuit. Judgment
in No. 55 affirmed and cause remanded to the United States Circuit
Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit. Judgment in No. 505
reversed and cause remanded to the United States Circuit Court of
Appeals for the Third Circuit for further proceedings in conformity
with the opinion of this Court. Opinion by Mr. Justice Stone.
Dissenting: Mr. Justice McReynolds, Mr. Justice Sutherland, and
Mr. Justice Butler.
No. 57. Lanasa Fruit Steamship and Importing Company, Inc.,
petitioner, v. Universal Insurance Company. On writ of certiorari
to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Fourth Cir-
cuit. Judgment reversed with costs and cause remanded to the Dis-
trict Court of the United States for the District of Maryland for
further proceedings in conformity with the opinion of this Court.
Opinion by Mr. Chief Justice Hughes. Dissenting: Mr. Justice
McReynolds and Mr. Justice Sutherland.
The Chief Justice announced the following order of the Court:
No. 621. Chase Securities Corporation (now Amerex Holding
Corporation), appellant, v. William P. Husband, Jr., Succeeding
19746-38-
44

MONDAY, JANUARY 10, 1938
132
Arthur Guy, as Commissioner of Banks et al. Appeal from the
Superior Court of the Commonwealth of Massachusetts. Per
curiam: The motion for leave to file brief in opposition to the
motion to dismiss or affirm is granted. The motion of the appellees
to dismiss the appeal is granted, and the appeal is dismissed for
the want of a substantial federal question. (1) First National Bank
v. Missouri, 263 U. S. 640, 656; Lewis v. Fidelity Co., 292 U. S. 559,
566; Jennings v. U. S. F. & G. Co., 294 U. S. 216, 219; Hornblower v.
McGray, 302 U. S. - (decided December 13, 1937). (2) Hudson
Water Co. v. McCarter, 209 U. S. 349, 357; Rast v. Van Deman &
Lewis, 240 U. S. 342, 363; Union Dry Goods Co. v. Georgia P. S.
Corp., 248 U. S. 372, 375, 376; Home Bldg. & L. Ass'n v. Blaisdell,
290 U. S. 398, 437, 438.
The Chief Justice said:
"The other orders of the Court appear upon the list certified by
the Chief Justice and filed with the Clerk and will not be announced
orally."
ORDER
It is ordered that the Rules of this Court be amended by adding
thereto Rule 4612, to read as follows:
❝4612
"APPEALS UNDER THE ACT OF AUGUST 24, 1937
"Appeals to this court under the Act of August 24, 1937, shall be
governed, as far as may be, by the rules of this court regulating the
procedure on appeal in other cases from courts of the United States;
provided, however, that when an appeal is taken under Section 2 of
the Act the service required by paragraph 2 of Rule 12 shall be
made on all parties to the suit other than the party or parties taking
the appeal. The record shall be made up and the case docketed in
this court within sixty days from the time the appeal is allowed."
No. ―.
In Re Disbarment of George B. Hayes. It having been
reported to the Court that the name of George B. Hayes, of New
York, N. Y., a member of the bar of this Court, has been stricken
from the roll of attorneys and counselors at law in the State of
New York by order of the Appellate Division of the Supreme Court
of the State of New York for the First Judicial Department, upon
the consent of the said George B. Hayes, after the institution of a
proceeding against him charging him with professional misconduct;
And it appearing that by order of November 22, 1937, this Court
suspended the said George B. Hayes from the practice of the law
in this Court and directed that a rule issue requiring him to show

MONDAY, JANUARY 10, 1938
133
cause why he should not be disbarred from the practice of the law
in this Court;
And it appearing that said rule was duly issued and served upon
the respondent, and the return day of the rule having passed and
no return or answer to the rule having been filed by or in behalf of
the respondent;
It is now here ordered that George B. Hayes be, and he is hereby,
disbarred, and that his name be stricken from the roll of attorneys
admitted to practice in this Court.
No.
-
original. Ex parte Mauro Piergiovanni, petitioner; and
No., original. Ex parte Elmer O'Neill, petitioner. The mo-
tions for leave to file petitions for writs of habeas corpus are denied.
No. original. Ex parte Ralph Mark, petitioner. The motion
for leave to file petition for writ of mandamus is denied.
,
No. 1, original. State of Georgia, complainant, v. Tennessee Copper
Company et al. The joint motion to dismiss the Bill of Complaint
is granted. Decree to be settled on notice.
No. 3, original. State of Wisconsin et al., complainant, v. The State
of Illinois et al.;
No. 4, original. State of Michigan et al., complaint, v. The State
of Illinois et al.; and
No. 5, original. State of New York et al., complainants, v. State of
Illinois et al. The semi-annual report of the defendant, Sanitary
District of Chicago, dated January 1, 1938, is received and ordered
filed.
No. 437. M. C. Hinderlider, as State Engineer of the State of
Colorado, et al., etc., appellants, v. The LaPlata River and Cherry
Creek Ditch Company. Upon consideration of the memorandum
of the Attorney General of the United States, filed at the request
of the Court embodied in the order of October 25, 1937, and in view
of the Act of August 24, 1937, 75th Congress, 1st Session, Chapter
754, the Court hereby certifies to the Attorney General of the United
States that the constitutionality of a compact, affecting the public
interest, between the States of Colorado and New Mexico of Novem-
ber 27, 1922, approved by Congress on January 29, 1925, is drawn in
question in this cause.
No. 14. Federal Trade Commission, petitioner, v. Standard Educa-
tion Society et al. The motion of the respondents to amend the
opinion is denied.
No. 636. Electric Bond and Share Company et al., petitioners, v.
Securities and Exchange Commission et al. The motion of the
respondents to advance is granted and the case is advanced and
assigned for argument on Monday, February 7, next.
No. 651. Georgia M. Spruill, petitioner, v. Harriet T. Serven; and

MONDAY, JANUARY 10, 1938
134
No. 652. Georgia M. Spruill, petitioner, v. William T. Ballard
et al. On petitions for writs of certiorari to the United States Cir-
cuit Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia. The motions
for leave to proceed further herein in forma pauperis are denied for
the reason that the Court, upon examination of the papers herein
submitted, finds no ground upon which writs of certiorari should be
issued. The petitions for writs of certiorari are therefore also
denied.
No. 641. J. D. Adams Manufacturing Company, appellant, v.
William Storen, as Chief Administrative Officer, etc.; and
No. 645. Arkansas Louisiana Gas Company, appellant, v. Depart-
ment of Public Utilities et al. In these cases probable jurisdiction
is noted.
No. 609. R. E. Blevins, petitioner, v. Bank of America National
Trust and Savings Association. Petition for writ of certiorari to
the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit
denied.
No. 611. City of Portland, Joseph K. Carson, Jr., et al., petitioners,
v. Bank of California et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
Supreme Court of the State of Oregon denied.
No. 613. Almours Securities, Inc., petitioner, v. Commissioner of
Internal Revenue. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United
States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 614. Gold Creek Mining Company, petitioner, v. Seymour
Standish. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit
Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit denied.
No. 627. Samuel Davis Robins et al., petitioners, v. William L.
Wettlaufer et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Circuit Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit denied.
No. 631. Minnie Kaplan, petitioner, v. Joseph Loev; and
No. 632. Charles Kaplan, petitioner, v. Joseph Loev. Petition for
writs of certiorari to the Supreme Court of the State of Pennsylvania
denied.
No. 615. James L. Taulbee, as Administrator, etc., petitioner, v.
Great Northern Railway Company. Petition for writ of certiorari
to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit
denied.
No. 921. October Term 1936. New York Trust Company, Execu-
tor, etc. petitioner v. The United States of America;
No. 422. J. M. Hebert et al., petitioners, v. Rio Bravo Oil Com-
pany et al.;
No. 550. Henry H. Taylor, as Receiver, etc., petitioner, v. C. H.
Bancroft, as Receiver, etc.; and

MONDAY, JANUARY 10, 1938
135
No. 569. W. J. Barnett, appellant, v. Stanley Rogers, Sheriff of
Oklahoma County, Oklahoma. Petitions for rehearing denied.
No. 525. City of Ocean City, petitioner, v. Federal Reserve Bank
of Philadelphia. The motion to reinstate the petition for writ of
certiorari is denied. The petition for rehearing is also denied.
ORDER
The Court will take a recess from Monday, January 17, until
Monday, January 31, next.
No. 84. Alabama Power Company, petitioner, v. Harold L. Ickes,
as Federal Emergency Administrator of Public Works, et al.; and
No. 85. Alabama Power Company, petitioner, v. Harold L. Ickes,
as Federal Emergency Administrator of Public Works, et al. Man-
dates ordered to issue forthwith on motion of Mr. Assistant Solicitor
General Bell for the respondents.
No. 382. General Baking Company, petitioner, v. Goldblatt Bros.,
Inc. Motion for leave to file second petition for rehearing sub-
mitted by Mr. Frederic P. Warfield for the petitioner.
No. 274. Saint Paul Mercury Indemnity Company, petitioner, v.
Red Cab Company. Submitted by Mr. Burke G. Slaymaker for the
petitioner and by Mr. William E. Reiley for the respondent.
No. 242. Compania Espanola de Navegacion Maritima, S. A.,
Owner, etc., petitioner, v. Spanish Steamship "Navemar” her en-
gines, etc., et al. Argument continued by Mr. Charles W. Hagen for
the respondents and concluded by Mr. T. Catesby Jones for the
petitioner.
No. 256. State of Indiana, ex rel. Dorothy Anderson, petitioner, v.
Harry Brand, Trustee, etc. Argument commenced by Mr. Paul R.
Shafer for the petitioner; continued by Mr. Raymond Brooks and
Mr. Asa J. Smith for the respondent; and concluded by Mr. Thomas
F. O'Mara for the petitioner.
No. 121. Pierce Lonergan, petitioner, v. The United States of
America. Argued by Mr. Pierce Lonergan for the petitioner and by
Mr. J. Albert Woll for the respondent.
No. 189. Benjamin B. Foster and Robert R. Todd, Executors, etc.;
petitioners, v. The United States. Argument commenced by Mr.
William P. McCool for the petitioners.
Adjourned until tomorrow at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Tuesday, January 11, will be as follows: Nos. 189,
243, 334, 293, 301, 303, 323, 324, 316, and 352.
☑

TUESDAY, JANUARY 11, 1938
136
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: The Chief Justice, Mr. Justice McReynolds, Mr. Justice
Brandeis, Mr. Justice Sutherland, Mr. Justice Butler, Mr. Justice
Stone, Mr. Justice Roberts, and Mr. Justice Black.
Ansel M. Kahn, of Houston, Tex.; Benjamin Harrison, of Los
Angeles, Calif.; J. Hart Clinton, of San Francisco, Calif.; A. W.
Richter, of Milwaukee, Wis.; Orville Smith, of Cleveland, Ohio;
Paul J. Kehoe, of Manchester, Iowa; L. Harold Sothoron, of Brent-
wood, Md.; Charles R. Leonard, of Butte, Mont.; and James A.
Poore, Butte, Mont., were admitted to practice.
No. 293. Edward Lauf et al., petitioners, v. E. G. Shinner & Com-
pany, Inc. Motion for leave to file brief of American Civil Liberties.
Union, Inc., and International Juridical Association, as amici curiae
submitted by Mr. Frederick A. Ballard in that behalf.
No. 189. Benjamin B. Foster and Robert R. Todd, Executors, etc.,
petitioners, v. The United States. Argument continued by Mr. Wil-
liam P. McCool for the petitioner; continued by Mr. Arnold Raum
for the respondent; and concluded by Mr. William P. McCool for
the petitioner.
No. 243. H. H. Henneford, T. S. Heges, and T. M. Jenner, appel-
lants, v. Northern Pacific Railway Company. Argued by Mr. R. G.
Sharpe for the appellants and by Mr. M. L. Countryman, Jr., for
the appellee.
No. 334. Rainier National Park Company, appellant, v. Clarence
D. Martin, as Governor of the State of Washington, et al. Argu-
ment commenced by Mr. F. D. Metzger for the appellant.
Adjourned until tomorrow at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Wednesday, January 12, will be as follows: Nos.
334, 293, 301, 303, 323, 324, 316, 352, 367, and 380.
19746-38-45
☑

WEDNESDAY, JANUARY 12, 1938
137
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: The Chief Justice, Mr. Justice McReynolds, Mr. Justice
Brandeis, Mr. Justice Sutherland, Mr. Justice Butler, Mr. Justice
Stone, Mr. Justice Roberts, and Mr. Justice Black.
Neil Cunningham, of San Francisco, Calif.; Leonard P. Moore, of
New York City; Herbert J. Jacobi, of New York City; Leslie T.
Jones, of Detroit, Mich.; and Theodore Epstein, of Denver, Colo.,
were admitted to practice.
No. 334. Rainier National Park Company, appellant, v. Clarence
D. Martin, as Governor of the State of Washington, et al. Argu-
ment concluded by Mr. R. G. Sharpe for the appellees.
No. 293. Edward Lauf et al., petitioners, v. E. G. Shinner & Com-
pany, Inc. Argued by Mr. A. W. Richter for the petitioners and by
Mr. Walter L. Gold for the respondent.
No. 301. Guaranty Trust Company of New York, Executor, etc.,
petitioner, v. Commissioner of Internal Revenue. Argument com-
menced by Mr. Montgomery B. Angell for the petitioner and con-
tinued by Mr. Edward J. Ennis for the respondent.
Adjourned until tomorrow at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Thursday, January 13, will be as follows: Nos. 301,
303, 323, 324, 316, 352, 367, and 380.
19746-38-46

THURSDAY, JANUARY 13, 1938
138
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: The Chief Justice, Mr. Justice McReynolds, Mr. Justice
Brandeis, Mr. Justice Sutherland, Mr. Justice Butler, Mr. Justice
Stone, Mr. Justice Roberts, and Mr. Justice Black.
Walter H. E. Jaeger, of Washington, D. C.; Leo Erskine Wyman,
of Hutchinson, Kans.; Thomas W. Palmer, of New York City;
James V. Hayes, of New York City; Selim Barnett Lemle, of New
Orleans, La.; and May C. Sickmon, of Buffalo, N. Y., were ad-
mitted to practice.
No. 301. Guaranty Trust Company of New York, Executor, etc.,
petitioner, v. Commissioner of Internal Revenue. Argument con-
tinued by Mr. Edward J. Ennis for the respondent and concluded
by Mr. Montgomery B. Angell for the petitioner.
No. 303. Guy F. Atkinson and Geo. H. Atkinson, co-partners, etc.,
appellants, v. State Tax Commission of Oregon et al. Argued by
Mr. Howard P. Arnest for the appellants and by Mr. Carl E. David-
son for the appellees.
No. 323. New York Life Insurance Company, petitioner, v. Stella
Jane Gamer, as Executrix, etc. Argued by Mr. J. A. Poore for the
petitioner and by Mr. William Meyer for the respondent.
Adjourned until tomorrow at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Friday, January 14, will be as follows: Nos.
324, 316, and 352.
19746-38-47
Х

FRIDAY, JANUARY 14, 1938
139
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: The Chief Justice, Mr. Justice McReynolds, Mr. Justice
Brandeis, Mr. Justice Sutherland, Mr. Justice Butler, Mr. Justice
Stone, Mr. Justice Roberts, and Mr. Justice Black.
Solomon Alpher, of Washington, D. C.; Curtiss K. Thompson, of
New Haven, Conn.; Hereford T. Fitch, of Seattle, Wash.; C. Harold
Baldwin, of Boston, Mass.; Henry C. Clausen, of San Francisco,
Calif.; and William R. Engelhardt, of Chicago, Ill.; were admitted
to practice.
No. 324. Guy T. Helvering, Commissioner of Internal Revenue,
petitioner, v. Charles E. Mitchell. Argued by Mr. Edward S. Green-
baum for the petitioner and by Mr. William Wallace for the
respondent.
No. 316. Connecticut General Life Insurance Company, appellant,
v. Charles G. Johnson, as Treasurer of the State of California. Ar-
gument commenced by Mr. William Marshall Bullitt for the appel-
lant; continued by Mr. Neil Cunningham for the appellee; and
concluded by Mr. B. M. Anderson for the appellant.
No. 352. The United States of America, petitioner, v. Illinois
Central Railroad Company, a corporation. Argument commenced
by Mr. Gordon Dean for the petitioner.
Adjourned until Monday next at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Monday, January 17, will be as follows: No. 352.
19746-38-48

MONDAY, JANUARY 17, 1938
140
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: The Chief Justice, Mr. Justice Brandeis, Mr. Justice
Sutherland, Mr. Justice Butler, Mr. Justice Stone, Mr. Justice
Roberts, and Mr. Justice Black.
S. Charles Bubacz, of Chicago, Ill.; Nathan W. Math, of New York
City; Raymond W. Starr, of Grand Rapids, Mich.; Clare E. Hoff-
man, of Allegan, Mich.; Raymond H. Dresser, of Sturgis, Mich.; John
Jones Sharon, of Glenview, Ill.; Paul P. Glaser, of Gary, Ind.;
Warren G. Magnuson, of Seattle, Wash.; Harold R. Schradzke, of
Chicago, Ill.; Jacob A. Freedman, of Brooklyn, N. Y.; Ralph W.
Crolly, of Brooklyn, N. Y.; Verne E. Robinson, of Los Angeles,
Calif.; and Austin M. Zimmerman, of Chicago, Ill., were admitted to
practice.
No. 143. The United States of America, petitioner, v. Helen J.
Stevens, Administratrix, et al. On writ of certiorari to the United
States Circuit Court of Appeals for the First Circuit. Judgment
reversed and cause remanded to the District Court of the United
States for the District of Massachusetts for further proceedings in
conformity with the opinion of this Court. Opinion by Mr. Justice
Black. Mr. Justice Cardozo took no part in the consideration or
decision of this case.
No. 199. The United States of America, petitioner, v. Ben B.
Jackson, by his guardian ad litem, Alphene W. Dowell. On writ of
certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the
Fourth Circuit. Judgment affirmed and cause remanded to the Dis-
trict Court of the United States for the Eastern District of South
Carolina. Opinion by Mr. Justice Black. Mr. Justice Cardozo took
no part in the consideration or decision of this case.
No. 140. The Creek Nation, petitioner, v. The United States. On
writ of certiorari to the Court of Claims. Judgment reversed and
cause remanded to the Court of Claims for further proceedings in
conformity with the opinion of this Court. Opinion by Mr. Justice
Roberts.
No. 10. Ocean Beach Heights, Inc., Normandy Beach Develop-
ment Company et. al., petitioners, v. The Brown-Crummer Invest-
ment Company, Town of North Miami, et al. On writ of certiorari
to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit.
19746 38- 49

MONDAY, JANUARY 17, 1938
141
Decree reversed with costs and cause remanded to the District Court
of the United States for the Southern District of Florida with direc-
tions to dismiss the bill. Opinion by Mr. Justice Butler.
No. 106. Minnesota Tea Company, petitioner, v. Guy T. Helvering,
Commissioner of Internal Revenue. On writ of certiorari to the
United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Eighth Circuit.
Judgment affirmed and cause remanded to the said Circuit Court of
Appeals. Opinion by Mr. Justice Sutherland. Mr. Justice Cardozo
took no part in the consideration or decision of this case.
No. 37. David A. Wright, petitioner, v. The United States. On
writ of certiorari to the Court of Claims. Judgment affirmed. Opin-
ion by Mr. Chief Justice Hughes. Mr. Justice Cardozo took no part
in the decision of this case. Separate opinion by Mr. Justice Stone
in which Mr. Justice Brandeis concurs.
The Chief Justice announced the following order of the Court.
No. 334. Rainier National Park Company, appellant, v. Clarence
D. Martin, as Governor of the State of Washington. Appeal from
the District Court of the United States for the Western District of
Washington. Per curiam: Judgment affirmed. Mid-Northern Co. v.
Montana, 268 U. S. 45.
The Chief Justice said:
"The other orders of the Court appear upon the list certified by
the Chief Justice and filed with the Clerk and will not be announced
orally."
No.
original. Ex parte Charles Lefkowitz, petitioner; and
No. —, original. Ex parte J. R. Palmer, petitioner. The mo-
tions for leave to file petitions for writs of habeas corpus are denied.
No. 12, original. State of Texas, complainant, v. State of Florida
et al. Upon consideration of the motion of Mabel Harlow Green
that the bill of complaint in this cause be dismissed as to her, and
of the stipulation of the parties to the cause, attached thereto, con-
senting to the granting of such relief, the motion is granted and the
bill of complaint is dismissed as to the said Mabel Harlow Green,
without costs as to her.
No. 670. Biggio Matarini, petitioner, v. Reading Company. On
petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Errors and Appeals
of the State of New Jersey;
No. 671. Catherine Schultz, petitioner, v. Live Stock National
Bank of Chicago, Administrator, etc. On petition for writ of
certiorari to the Appellate Court of the State of Illinois, First
District;

MONDAY, JANUARY 17, 1938
142
No. 673. Julian K. Saylor, petitioner, v. The United States of
America. On petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Circuit Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit. The motions for
leave to proceed further herein in forma pauperis are denied for the
reason that the Court, upon examination of the papers herein sub-
mitted, finds no ground upon which writs of certiorari should be
issued. The petitions for writs of certiorari are therefore also denied.
No. 678. People of the State of New York ex rel., Paul Kurzynski,
petitioner, v. William Hunt, as Warden, etc. On petition for writ
of certiorari to the Supreme Court of the State of New York. The
motion for leave to proceed in forma pauperis is granted.
No. 638. Baltimore & Ohio Railroad Company et al., appellants,
v. The United States of America et al. The motion for leave to file
statement as to jurisdiction is granted and probable jurisdiction is
noted.
No. 633. Millar Brainard, petitioner, v. Commissioner of Internal
Revenue. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit
Court of Appeals for the Seventh Circuit granted and case assigned
for hearing immediately following No. 558.
No. 626. Edward H. Alsop, petitioner, v. Guy T. Helvering, Com-
missioner of Internal Revenue. Petition for writ of certiorari to
the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Third Circuit
denied.
No. 630. Di Giorgio Fruit Corporation et al., petitioners, v.
Augustus P. Norton, Deputy Commissioner, etc. Petition for writ of
certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the
Third Circuit denied.
No. 639. Nettie Meyer, Anna Jacobson, et al., petitioners, v. Ken-
more Granville Hotel Company et al. Petition for writ of certiorari
to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Seventh Circuit
denied.
No. 646. Aerovox Corporation, petitioner, v. Micamold Radio
Corporation. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Circuit Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit denied.
No. 659. New York Life Insurance Company, petitioner, v. Ruth
Graham. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Cir-
cuit Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit denied.
No. 185. United Shoe Machinery Corporation, petitioner, v.
Thomas W. White, Collector of Internal Revenue;
No. 186. United Shoe Machinery Corporation, petitioner, v.
Thomas W. White, Collector of Internal Revenue;

MONDAY, JANUARY 17, 1938
143
No. 187. United Shoe Machinery Corporation, petitioner, v. Mal-
colmn E. Nichols, formerly Collector of Internal Revenue. Petition
for writs of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals
for the First Circuit denied.
No. 568. F. W. Woolworth Co., petitioner, v. The United States
of America; and
No. 653. The United States of America, petitioner, v. F. W. Wool-
worth Co. Petitions for writs of certiorari to the United States
Circuit Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit denied.
No. 476. Fred J. Reardanz, petitioner, v. The Connecticut Mutual
Life Insurance Company of Hartford, Connecticut, et al. Petition
for writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals
for the Seventh Circuit dismissed for failure to comply with the rules.
No. 382. General Baking Company, petitioner, v. Goldblatt Bros.
Inc. The motion for leave to file a second petition for rehearing is
granted. The petition for rehearing is denied.
No. 27. Guy T. Helvering, Commissioner of Internal Revenue,
petitioner, v. H. C. Gowran;
No. 584. Roland H. Weir, petitioner, v. The United States of
America;
No. 585. Roland H. Weir, petitioner, v. The United States of
America;
No. 586. Roland H. Weir, petitioner, v. The United States of
America;
No. 587. Raymond E. Korte, petitioner, v. The United States of
America;
No. 588. Raymond E. Korte, petitioner, v. The United States of
America; and
No. 589. Raymond E. Korte, petitioner, v. The United States of
America;
No. 591. General Baking Company, petitioner, v. Luther A. Harr,
(Successor to William D. Gordon), Secretary of Banking, etc., et al.;
and
No. 616. West Brothers Brick Company, appellant, v. City of
Alexandria. Petitions for rehearing denied.
ORDER
By its order of June 3, 1935, the Court appointed an Advisory
Committee to assist the Court in the preparation of a unified system
of general rules of procedure in the District Courts of the United
States, in accordance with Section 2 of the Act of June 19, 1934,
c. 651 (48 Stat. 1064). The members of the Committee were:
William D. Mitchell, of New York City, Chairman.

MONDAY, JANUARY 17, 1938
144
Scott M. Loftin, of Jacksonville, Florida, President of the Ameri-
can Bar Association.
George W. Wickersham, of New York City, President of the
American Law Institute.
Wilbur H. Cherry, of Minneapolis, Minnesota, Professor of Law at
the University of Minnesota.
Charles E. Clark, of New Haven, Connecticut, Dean of the Law
School of Yale University.
Armistead M. Dobie, of University, Virginia, Dean of the Law
School of the University of Virginia.
Robert G. Dodge, of Boston, Massachusetts.
George Donworth, of Seattle, Washington.
Joseph G. Gamble, of Des Moines, Iowa.
Monte M. Lemann, of New Orleans, Louisiana.
Edmund M. Morgan, of Cambridge, Massachusetts, Professor of
Law at Harvard University.
Warren Olney, Jr., of San Francisco, California.
Edson R. Sunderland, of Ann Arbor, Michigan, Professor of Law
at the University of Michigan.
Edgar B. Tolman, of Chicago, Illinois.
Charles E. Clark, of New Haven, Connecticut, was appointed
Reporter to the Advisory Committee.
Following the death of George W. Wickersham, the Court, on
February 17, 1936, appointed George Wharton Pepper, of Philadel-
phia, Pennsylvania, in his stead, and Mr. Pepper succeeded Mr.
Wickersham as Vice Chairman of the Committee.
The Committee at once organized and for about two years and a
half its members devoted themselves to the task assigned them.
Apart from the work of the reporter of the committee, and of those
who gave special assistance in drafting, the members served without
compensation. They held frequent and protracted meetings and pre-
pared tentative drafts which were submitted to Federal Judges, to
committees of lawyers appointed in various Judicial Districts, and to
associations of the Bar. These drafts had a wide circulation and a
large number of lawyers and judges availed themselves of the oppor-
tunity to offer criticisms and suggestions.
The Committee submitted its final draft to this Court in November
last, and the Court after considering the draft and making such
changes as were deemed advisable transmitted the rules to the At-
torney General of the United States for submission to Congress as
provided in the statute. The Court is informed that the Attorney
General submitted the rules accordingly at the opening of the
present session of Congress.

Х
MONDAY, JANUARY 17, 1938
145
The Court expresses its high appreciation of the services of the
members of the Advisory Committee who at great personal sacrifice
have performed a most important public duty and by their expert
knowledge and painstaking collaboration have aided the Court in
the formulation of a system of rules designed to promote the simpli-
fication of procedure in the Federal Courts and thus to increase the
efficiency of the administration of justice.
The Court directs that this expression be spread upon the Journal
of the Court and that a copy be sent to each member of the Committee.
No. 352. The United States of America, petitioner, v. Illinois
Central Railroad Company, a corporation. Argument continued by
Mr. Gordon Dean for the petitioner, and concluded by Mr. Selim B.
Lemle for the respondent.
Adjourned until Monday, January 31, at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Monday, January 31, will be as follows: Nos.
144 (and 145), 319, 322, 342, 349, 375, 484, 346, 469, and 362.

MONDAY, JANUARY 31, 1938
146
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: The Chief Justice, Mr. Justice McReynolds, Mr. Justice
Brandeis, Mr. Justice Butler, Mr. Justice Stone, Mr. Justice Roberts,
Mr. Justice Black, and Mr. Justice Reed.
J. Alton Hosch, of Athens, Ga.; Donald J. Lynn, of Youngstown,
Ohio; Fred H. Rees, of New York City; Emmett Thurmon, of Den-
ver, Colo.; William R. Semans, of Baltimore, Md.; C. W. K.
Meacham, of Chattanooga, Tenn.; Richard E. Manson, of Santa Fe,
N. Mex.; D. A. Macpherson, Jr., of Albuquerque, N. Mex.; Ran G.
Whittle, of Roanoke, Va.; Albert Burton Boutwell, of Birmingham,
Ala.; Lorentz B. Knouff, of Chicago, Ill.; Robert H. Allison, of
Pekin, Ill.; Charles J. W. Meisel, of New York City; Nicholas Mar-
tini, of Passaic, N. J.; Max H. Braunstein, of Youngstown, Ohio;
Edwin Walker Semans, of Philadelphia, Pa.; Hugo A. Steinmeyer,
of Los Angeles, Calif.; Samuel Cohen, of Wilmette, Ill.; Joseph B.
Roberts, of Chattanooga, Tenn.; Louis E. Clevenger, of Salina,
Kans.; Oscar Ostrum, of Russell, Kans.; Jacob E. Max, of Jersey
City, N. J.; Daniel H. Rosen, of Union City, N. J.; James Rosen,
of Union City, N. J.; and Harold Sacher, of New York City, were
admitted to practice.
The Chief Justice said:
"Mr. Stanley Reed, of Kentucky, has been nominated by the
President for the office of Associate Justice and his nomination has
been confirmed by the Senate. Mr. Reed is present. The Clerk will
read his commission. Mr. Reed will then take the oath of office
prescribed by the statute and he will be escorted by the Marshal
to his seat on the bench."
The Clerk then read the commission as follows:
"FRANKLIN D. ROOSEVELT
"PRESIDENT OF THE UNITED STATES OF AMERICA
"To all who shall see these presents, Greeting:
"Know Ye; That reposing special trust and confidence in the
Wisdom, Uprightness, and Learning of Stanley Reed, of Kentucky,
I have nominated, and, by and with the advice and consent of the
19746-38-50

MONDAY, JANUARY 31, 1938
147
Senate, do appoint him an Associate Justice of the Supreme Court
of the United States and do authorize and empower him to execute
and fulfil the duties of that Office according to the Constitution and
Laws of the said United States, and to Have and to Hold the said
Office, with all the powers, privileges and emoluments to the same of
right appertaining, unto Him, the said Stanley Reed, during his good
behavior.
"In testimony whereof, I have caused these Letters to be made
patent and the seal of the Department of Justice to be hereunto
affixed.
"Done at the City of Washington this twenty-seventh day of
January, in the year of our Lord one thousand nine hundred and
thirty-eight, and of the Independence of the United States of Amer-
ica the one hundred and sixty-second.
"By the President:
"HOMER CUMMINGS,
"Attorney General."
"FRANKLIN D. ROOSEVELT.
The oath of office was then administered by the Clerk, and Mr.
Justice Reed was escorted by the Marshal to his seat on the bench.
No. 189. Benjamin B. Foster and Robert R. Todd, Executors of
the estate of Anna Foster Ford, deceased, petitioners, v. The United
States. On writ of certiorari to the Court of Claims. Judgment
affirmed. Opinion by Mr. Justice Black. Mr. Justice Cardozo took
no part in the consideration or decision of this case.
No. 167. Charles F. Blackton, petitioner, v. Aaron Gordon. On
writ of certiorari to the Court of Errors and Appeals of the State of
New Jersey. Judgment affirmed with costs. Opinion by Mr. Justice
Roberts. Mr. Justice Cardozo took no part in the consideration or
decision of this case.
No. 256. State of Indiana ex rel. Dorothy Anderson, petitioner, v.
Harry Brand, Trustee of Chester School Township of Wabash
County, Indiana. On writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of the
State of Indiana. Judgment reversed with costs and cause remanded
to the said Supreme Court for further proceedings not inconsistent
with the opinion of this Court. Opinion by Mr. Justice Roberts.
Dissenting opinion by Mr. Justice Black. Mr. Justice Cardozo took
no part in the consideration or decision of this case.
No. 197. Estaban Adam, petitioner, v. William Saenger et al. On
writ of certiorari to the Court of Civil Appeals for the Ninth Su-
preme Judicial District of the State of Texas. Judgment reversed
with costs and cause remanded to the said Court of Civil Appeals for
further proceedings not inconsistent with the opinion of this Court.

MONDAY, JANUARY 31, 1938
148
Opinion by Mr. Justice Stone. Mr. Justice Black concurs in the
result. Mr. Justice Cardozo took no part in the consideration or
decision of this case.
No. 242. Compania Espanola de Navegacion Maritima, S. A.,
Owner of the Spanish Steamship "Navemar," petitioner, v. Spanish
Steamship "Navemar," her engines, etc., et al. On writ of certiorari
to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Second Cir-
cuit. Judgment reversed with costs and cause remanded to the Dis-
trict Court of the United States for the Eastern District of New York
for further proceedings in conformity with the opinion of this Court.
Opinion by Mr. Justice Stone. Mr. Justice Cardozo took no part in
the consideration or decision of this case.
No. 316. Connecticut General Life Insurance Company, appellant,
v. Charles G. Johnson, as Treasurer of the State of California.
Appeal from the Supreme Court of the State of California. Judg-
ment reversed with costs and cause remanded to the said Supreme
Court for further proceedings not inconsistent with the opinion of
this Court. Opinion by Mr. Justice Stone. Mr. Justice Cardozo
took no part in the consideration or decision of this case. Dissenting
opinion by Mr. Justice Black.
No. 181. A. Howard Myers, Individually and as Acting Regional
Director for the First Region, National Labor Relations Board, et al.,
petitioners, v. Bethlehem Shipbuilding Corporation, Ltd.; and
No. 182. A. Howard Myers, Edmund J. Blake, and Daniel M.
Lyons, Individually and as the National Labor Relations Board, peti-
tioners, v. Charles MacKenzie, Individually and as Chairman, James
E. Manning, etc., et al. On writs of certiorari to the United States
Circuit Court of Appeals for the First Circuit. Decrees for prelim-
inary injunction reversed and cases remanded to the District Court
of the United States for the District of Massachusetts with direction
to dismiss the bills. Opinion by Mr. Justice Brandeis. Mr. Justice
Cardozo took no part in the consideration or decision of this case.
No. 305. Newport News Shipbuilding and Dry Dock Company,
petitioner, v. Bennett F. Schauffler, Individually and as Regional
Director for the 5th Region, National Labor Relations Board, et al.
On writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals
for the Fourth Circuit. Decree affirmed and cause remanded to the
District Court of the United States for the Eastern District of
Virginia. Opinion by Mr. Justice Brandeis. Mr. Justice Cardozo
took no part in the consideration or decision of this case.
No. 121. Pierce Lonergan, petitioner, v. The United States of
America. On writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of
Appeals for the Ninth Circuit. Judgment reversed and cause re-

MONDAY, JANUARY 31, 1938
149
manded to the said Circuit Court of Appeals for further proceedings
in conformity with the opinion of this Court. Opinion by Mr. Jus-
tice McReynolds. Mr. Justice Cardozo took no part in the considera-
tion or decision of this case.
No. 218. Leo N. Munro, petitioner, v. The United States of Amer-
ica. On writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of
Appeals for the Second Circuit. Judgment affirmed and cause
remanded to the District Court of the United States for the Western
District of New York. Opinion by Mr. Justice McReynolds. Mr.
Justice Cardozo took no part in the consideration or decision of this
case.
No. 61. Gertrude Kay, alias Gertrude Klein, petitioner, v. The
United States of America. On writ of certiorari to the United
States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit. Judgment
of the Circuit Court of Appeals vacated and cause remanded to that
Court for further proceedings in conformity with the opinion of this
Court. Opinion by Mr. Chief Justice Hughes. Mr. Justice Cardozo
took no part in the consideration and decision of this case.
No. 163. Thomas J. Brady, petitioner, v. Terminal Railroad Asso-
ciation of St. Louis. On writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court
of the State of Missouri. Judgment reversed with costs and cause
remanded to the said Supreme Court for further proceedings not
inconsistent with the opinion of this Court. Opinion by Mr. Chief
Justice Hughes. Mr. Justice Cardozo took no part in the consider-
ation or decision of this case.
No. 243. H. H. Henneford T. S. Hedges, and T. M. Jenner,
appellants, v. Northern Pacific Railway Company. Appeal from the
District Court of the United States for the Eastern District of
Washington. Motion of appellee for leave to file an affidavit to
supplement the record denied. Decree reversed with costs and cause
remanded to the District Court with directions to dismiss the bill for
want of jurisdiction. Opinion, per curiam, announced by Mr. Chief
Justice Hughes. Mr. Justice Cardozo took no part in the consid-
eration and decision of this case.
No. 303. Guy F. Atkinson and Geo. H. Atkinson, co-partners doing
business as Guy F. Atkinson Company, appellants, v. State Tax
Commission of Oregon et al. Appeal from the Supreme Court of
the State of Oregon. Judgment affirmed with costs. Opinion, per
curiam, announced by Mr. Chief Justice Hughes. Mr. Justice Car-
dozo took no part in the consideration or decision of this case.
No. 231. The United States, petitioner, v. Robert Esnault-Pelterie.
On writ of certiorari to the Court of Claims. Judgment affirmed.

MONDAY, JANUARY 31, 1938
150
Opinion, per curiam, announced by Mr. Chief Justice Hughes. Dis-
senting: Mr. Justice Black. Mr. Justice Cardozo took no part in
the consideration and decision of this case.
The Chief Justice said:
"The other orders of the Court appear upon the list certified by the
Chief Justice and filed with the Clerk and will not be announced
orally."
No. —, original. Ex parte E. R. Lindsey, petitioner. The motion
for leave to file petition for writ of mandamus is denied.
No. , original. Ex parte Albert B. Bleecker, petitioner; and
No., original. Ex parte Peter Gibbons, petitioner. The motions.
for leave to file petitions for writs of habeas corpus are denied.
No. 684. Basil H. Pollitt, petitioner, v. Joseph W. Cox; and
No. 736. Basil H. Pollitt, petitioner, v. Alfred A. Wheat. On
petitions for writs of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the District of Columbia;
No. 711. Robert L. Hill, petitioner, v. The Railroad Industrial
Finance Company et al. On petition for writ of certiorari to the
United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Tenth Circuit; and
No. 725. James Bostic, petitioner, v. The United States of Amer-
ica. On petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court
of Appeals for the District of Columbia. The motions for leave
to proceed further herein in forma pauperis are denied for the rea-
son that the Court, upon examination of the papers herein sub-
mitted, finds no ground upon which writs of certiorari should be
issued. The petitions for writs of certiorari are therefore also
denied.
No. 709. Interstate Circuit, Inc., et al., appellants, v. The United
of America; and
No. 710. Paramount Pictures, Distributing Company, Inc., et al.,
appellants, v. The United States of America. In these cases probable
jurisdiction is noted.
No. 647. Bates Manufacturing Company, petitioner, v. The United
States of America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United
States Circuit Court of Appeals for the First Circuit granted.
No. 680. Joe Hale, petitioner, v. Commonwealth of Kentucky. The
motion for leave to proceed in forma pauperis is granted. The peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals of the Common-
wealth of Kentucky is also granted. The case is assigned for argu-
ment on Monday, February 28th next.
No. 649. Colescott P. Harding, petitioner, v. Kentucky Title Trust
Company. The motion for supersedeas is denied. The petition for

MONDAY, JANUARY 31, 1938
151
writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals of the Commonwealth of
Kentucky is also denied.
No. 634. Harold Van Riper, petitioner, v. The United States of
America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit
Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit denied.
No. 635. Henry T. Clarke, Trustee, petitioner, v. Chicago, Burling-
ton & Quincy Railroad Co. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Tenth Circuit denied.
No. 637. President of the United States of America, on the relation
of Gennaro Caputo, petitioner, v. John J. Kelly, United States
Marshal, et al., etc. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United
States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit denied.
No. 642. Fidelity-Phenix Fire Insurance Company of New York
et al., petitioners, v. Cortez Cigar Company; and
No. 650. Cortez Cigar Company, petitioner, v. Fidelity-Phenix
Fire Insurance Company of New York et al. Petitions for writs of
certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Fifth
Circuit denied.
No. 644. George Isackson, petitioner, v. School District No. 37,
Clark County, Washington. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit denied.
No. 648. Max Goldberg, petitioner, v. J. M. McCauley, as Warden,
etc. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of the State
of Washington denied.
No. 656. Walter Logan, Trustee in Bankruptcy, etc., petitioner, v.
Stanolind Oil and Gas Company et al. Petition for writ of certiorari
to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit
denied.
No. 661. Witt K. Cochrane, petitioner, v. The United States of
America; and
No. 662. William K. Fellows, petitioner, v. The United States of
America. Petition for writs of certiorari to the United States
Circuit Court of Appeals for the Seventh Circuit denied.
No. 665. J. A. Livingston, Inc., petitioner, v. Pocono Rubber Cloth
Company. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Cir-
cuit Court of Appeals for the Third Circuit denied.
No. 669. J. C. Hipp, Trustee in Bankruptcy, etc., petitioner, v.
John J. Boyle, Treasurer of Cuyahoga County, Ohio. Petition for
writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for
the Sixth Circuit denied.
No. 146. The United States of America, petitioner, v. Ralph
Raynor;
No. 147. The United States of America, petitioner, v. Chett
Fowler;

MONDAY, JANUARY 31, 1938
152
No. 304. Elmer W. Kelley et al., petitioners, v. The City of At-
lantic City and Harry Bacharach; and
No. 626. Edward H. Alsop, petitioner, v. Guy T. Helvering, Com-
missioner of Internal Revenue. Petitions for rehearing denied.
No. 636. Electric Bond and Share Company et al., petitioners, v.
Securities and Exchange Commission et al. Jerome N. Frank and
John W. Hanes, members of the Securities and Exchange Commis-
sion, substituted as parties respondent in the place of James M.
Landis and James D. Ross, resigned, on motion of Mr. Assistant
Solicitor General Bell in that behalf.
No. 375. Thomas B. Hassett, Individually and as Former Acting
Collector, petitioner, v. E. Sohier Welch et al., executors. Motion
for leave to file brief of Garret W. McEnerney and Paul Armitage,
as amici curiae, submitted by Mr. Harry Friedman in that behalf
and the motion denied.
No. 738. Thomas J. Mooney, petitioner, v. Court Smith, Warden
of San Quentin Penitentiary, State of California. Motion as to
printing the record submitted by Mr. John F. Finerty for the peti-
tioner.
No., original. Ex parte Bryant McQuillen et al., petitioners.
Motion for leave to file petition for writs of mandamus and prohibi-
tion submitted by Mr. Samuel Gottlieb for the petitioners.
No. 367. Erie Railroad Company, petitioner, v. Harry J. Tomp-
kins. Argued by Mr. Theodore Kiendl for the petitioner and by Mr.
Fred H. Rees for the respondent.
No. 322. Western Live Stock, a partnership composed of Frazier
Biggs and D. F. Biggs, appellant, v. Bureau of Revenue and John
A. Bingaman, Commissioner of Revenue. Argued by Mr. D. A.
Macpherson, Jr., for the appellant and by Mr. Frank H. Patton for
the appellees.
No. 342. C. C. McCollum, Trustee in Bankruptcy of Lookout
Planing Mills, petitioner, v. Hamilton National Bank of Chatta-
nooga. Argument commenced by Mr. Joseph W. Thompson for the
petitioner; continued by Mr. C. W. K. Meacham for the respondent;
and concluded by Mr. Joseph B. Roberts for the petitioner.
Adjourned until tomorrow at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Tuesday, February 1, will be as follows: Nos.
349 (375 and 484), 346, 469, 362, 365, 366, 319, 374, 378, and
380.

TUESDAY, FEBRUARY 1, 1938
153
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: The Chief Justice, Mr. Justice McReynolds, Mr. Justice
Brandeis, Mr. Justice Butler, Mr. Justice Stone, Mr. Justice Roberts,
Mr. Justice Black, and Mr. Justice Reed.
Edward C. Thayer, of Boston, Mass.; Henry Hixon Meyer, of
Boston, Mass.; George E. Brown, of Boston, Mass.; Jay W. Dickey,
of Pine Bluff, Ark.; Alexander Hendrix Rowell, Jr., of Pine Bluff,
Ark.; Mortimer Riemer, of New York City; Jewel Alexander, of
San Francisco, Calif.; Robert S. Hill, Jr., of Montgomery, Ala.;
Frederick E. Baukhages, III, of Mathews, Va.; W. Frank Taylor, of
Goldsboro, N. C.; Harry Graham Balter, of Los Angeles, Calif.; and
Jay E. Darlington, of Hammond, Ind., were admitted to practice.
No. 321. Charles G. Johnson, as Treasurer of the State of Cali-
fornia, et al., appellants, v. M. G. West Company. Motion for leave
to file petition for rehearing submitted by Mr. Roger J. Traynor
for the appellants.
No. 349. Guy T. Helvering, Commissioner of Internal Revenue,
petitioner, v. Sellar Bullard, as Executor, etc.;
No. 375. Thomas B. Hassett, Individually and as Former Acting
Collector, petitioner, v. E. Sohier Welch et al., executors; and
No. 484. Guy T. Helvering, Commissioner of Internal Revenue,
petitioner, v. Charles H. Marshall, Administrator, etc. Argument
commenced by Mr. Assistant Attorney General Morris for the peti-
tioners; continued by Mr. Samuel S. Holmes for the respondent in
No. 349; by Mr. William D. Mitchell for the respondent in No. 484;
by Mr. John L. Hall and Mr. Claude R. Branch for the respondents
in No. 375; and concluded by Mr. Assistant Attorney General Morris
for the petitioners.
No. 346. Guy T. Helvering, Commissioner of Internal Revenue,
petitioner, v. Nellie B. Bowers, Administratrix of the estate of John
19746-38-51

TUESDAY, FEBRUARY 1, 1938
154
O. Bowers, deceased. Argument commenced by Mr. Andrew D.
Sharpe for the petitioner and continued by Mr. Jay E. Darlington
for the respondent.
Adjourned until tomorrow at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Wednesday, February 2, will be as follows: Nos.
346, 469, 362, 365, 366, 319, 374, 378, 380, and 391.

WEDNESDAY, FEBRUARY 2, 1938
155
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: The Chief Justice, Mr. Justice McReynolds, Mr. Justice
Brandeis, Mr. Justice Butler, Mr. Justice Stone, Mr. Justice Rob-
erts, Mr. Justice Black, and Mr. Justice Reed.
Dorothy Kenyon, of New York City; Catherine E. Myers, of
Washington, D. C.; Inzer B. Wyatt, Jr., of New York City; Arthur
B. Smith, of Somerville, N. J.; Thomas F. Gain, of Philadelphia, Pa.;
John R. Dethmers, of Holland, Mich.; Bradley D. Kimbrough, of
McAllen, Texas; William V. Holohan, of New York City; J. Rich-
ard Townsend, of San Francisco, Calif.; Nathan Shefner, of Chi-
cago, Ill.; and Carl E. Geuther, of Philadelphia, Pa., were admitted
to practice.
No. 346. Guy T. Helvering, Commissioner of Internal Revenue,
petitioner, v. Nellie B. Bowers, Administratrix, etc. Argument con-
tinued by Mr. Jay E. Darlington for the respondent and concluded
by Mr. Andrew D. Sharpe for the petitioner.
No. 469. Laura G. Foster, as Executrix, etc., petitioner, v. Com-
missioner of Internal Revenue. Argued by Mr. Philip G. Sheehy
for the petitioner and by Mr. Andrew D. Sharpe for the respondent.
No. 362. The Century Indemnity Company, petitioner, v. G.
Nelson. Argued by Mr. Jewel Alexander for the petitioner and case
submitted by Mr. Joe G. Sweet for the respondent.
No. 365. Noah Adair, petitioner, v. Bank of American National
Trust and Savings Association. Argued by Mr. William Lemke for
the petitioner and by Mr. Hugo A. Steinmeyer for the respondent.
No. 366. The Kansas Farmers Union Royalty Company et al.,
appellants, v. Ira Shaffer, Executor, etc. Argument commenced by
Mr. L. E. Clevenger for the appellants. The Court declined to hear
further argument.
No. 319. Robert K. Mookini et al., petitioners, v. The United
States of America. Argued by Mr. Bates Booth for the respondent
and case submitted by Mr. O. P. Soares for the petitioners.
No. 374. Ticonic National Bank et al., petitioners, v. Lottie F.
Sprague et al. Argument commenced by Mr. George P. Barse for
the petitioners.
Adjourned until tomorrow at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Thursday, February 3, will be as follows: Nos.
374, 378, 380, 391, 413, 504, 415, 435 (and 436), 387 (and 388),
and 406.
19746-38- -52
☑

THURSDAY, FEBRUARY 3, 1938
156
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: The Chief Justice, Mr. Justice McReynolds, Mr. Justice
Brandeis, Mr. Justice Butler, Mr. Justice Stone, Mr. Justice Roberts,
Mr. Justice Black, and Mr. Justice Reed.
James H. Pipkin, of Houston, Tex.; Jeremiah T. Mahoney, of
New York City; and A. Raymond Rogers, of Waterville, Me., were
admitted to practice.
No. 374. Ticonic National Bank et al., petitioners, v. Lottie F.
Sprague and Margaret Davis Sprague. Argument continued by Mr.
George P. Barse for the petitioners; by Mr. Harvey D. Eaton for the
respondents; and concluded by Mr. George P. Barse for the peti-
tioners.
No. 378. Susie Maty, Administratrix of the Estate of George
Maty, also known as George Matey, petitioner, v. Grasselli Chemical
Company. Argued by Mr. Thomas F. Gain for the petitioner and
by Mr. Louis Rudner for the respondent. Leave granted petitioner
to file additional brief within five days.
No. 380. The People of the State of New York, ex rel. Consoli-
dated Water Company of Utica, New York, appellant, v. Milo R.
Maltbie et al. Three hours allowed for oral argument. Argument
commenced by Mr. Thayer Burgess for the appellant and continued
by Mr. Gay H. Brown for the appellees.
Adjourned until tomorrow at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Friday, February 4, will be as follows: Nos.
380, 391, 413, 504, 415, 435 (and 436), 387 (and 388), 406, 446,
and 600.
19746-38-53

FRIDAY, FEBRUARY 4, 1938
157
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: The Chief Justice, Mr. Justice McReynolds, Mr. Justice
Brandeis, Mr. Justice Butler, Mr. Justice Stone, Mr. Justice Rob-
erts, Mr. Justice Black, and Mr. Justice Reed.
Paul Van Anda, of New York City; Francis W. Murphy, of San
Francisco, Calif.; Averill Rosenberg, of Boston, Mass.; and Harry
C. Barney, of Anacortes, Wash., were admitted to practice.
No. 435. New York Rapid Transit Corporation, appellant, v. The
City of New York; and
No. 436. Brooklyn and Queens Transit Corporation, appellant, v.
The City of New York. Leave granted to withdraw appearance of
Paul Windels, as counsel for the appellee, on motion of Mr. Paxton
Blair in that behalf.
No. 366. The Kansas Farmers Union Royalty Company et al.,
appellants, v. Ira Shaffer, Executor et al. Motion to defer considera-
tion submitted by Mr. L. E. Clevenger for the appellants.
No. 380. The People of the State of New York, ex rel. Consoli-
dated Water Company of Utica, New York, appellant, v. Milo R.
Maltbie et al. Argument continued by Mr. Gay H. Brown for the
appellees and concluded by Mr. Thayer Burgess for the appellant.
No. 391. Alma Lovell, appellant, v. The City of Griffin. Argued
by Mr. O. R. Moyle for the appellant and case submitted by Mr.
Hughes Spalding and Mr. Sumter M. Kelley for the appellee.
No. 413. National Labor Relations Board, petitioner, v. Pennsyl-
vania Greyhound Lines, Inc. et al.; and
No. 504. National Labor Relations Board, petitioner, v. Pacific
Greyhound Lines, Inc. Argued by Mr. Charles Fahy for the peti-
tioner and Mr. Ivan Bowen for the respondents.
No. 415. Escanaba and Lake Superior Railroad Company, ap-
pellant, v. The United States of America et al. Argument com-
menced by Mr. John S. Burchmore for the appellant and continued
by Mr. J. Stanley Payne for the appellees.
Adjourned until Monday next at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Monday, February 7, will be as follows: Nos.
415, 435 (and 436), 636, 387 (and 388), 406, 446, 600, 437,
439, and 445.
19746-38-54
☑

MONDAY, FEBRUARY 7, 1938
158
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: The Chief Justice, Mr. Justice McReynolds, Mr. Justice
Brandeis, Mr. Justice Butler, Mr. Justice Stone, Mr. Justice Roberts,
Mr. Justice Black, and Mr. Justice Reed.
Robert Wilson Smith, Jr., of Gainesville, Ga.; Robert B. Wickes,
of Washington, D. C.; Saul J. Gordon, of Oklahoma City, Okla. :
Helene Gladys Daily, of Houston, Tex.; Marvin M. Trevathan, of
Lufkin, Tex.; George C. Darmstatter, of Belleville, Ill.; and Joseph
Rodney Rhoades, of McPherson, Kans., were admitted to practice.
The Chief Justice said:
"The orders of the Court appear upon the list certified by the Chief
Justice and filed with the Clerk and will not be announced orally."
No. 730. Nathan Cosman, petitioner, v. The United States of
America. On petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Circuit Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit. Per curiam: The
motion for leave to proceed in forma pauperis is granted. The peti-
tion for writ of certiorari is also granted, and the judgment is
reversed. Frad v. Kelly, - U. S.
- U. S. (decided December 6, 1937).
-
No. 346. Guy T. Helvering, Commissioner of Internal Revenue,
petitioner, v. Nellie B. Bowers, Administratrix, etc. On writ of cer-
tiorari to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Seventh
Circuit. Per curiam: The judgment is reversed upon the authority
of Tyler v. United States, 281 U. S. 497. Mr. Justice Cardozo and Mr.
Justice Reed took no part in the consideration or decision of this case.
No. 469. Laura G. Foster, as Executrix of the estate of Chapman
Foster, Deceased, petitioner, v. Commissioner of Internal Revenue.
On writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals
for the Ninth Circuit. Per curiam: The judgment is affirmed.
Tyler v. United States, 281 U. S. 497; Gwinn v. Commissioner, 287
U. S. 224. Mr. Justice Cardozo and Mr. Justice Reed took no part
in the consideration or decision of this case.
ORDER
IT IS ORDERED that Rule LIII of the General Orders in Bank-
ruptcy be, and the same hereby is, amended, effective immediately,
to read as follows:
19746-38-55

MONDAY, FEBRUARY 7, 1938
LIII
159
BOND OF DESIGNATED DEPOSITORY UNDER SEC. 61
1. The bond required of a banking institution designated as a
depository shall be given with an authorized fidelity or bonding
company as surety, or with approved individual sureties who are
residents of that judicial district and two of whom are neither officers
nor directors of the institution designated as a depository.
2. The condition of bonds hereafter given shall be substantially
to the effect that the banking institution, so designated, shall well
and truly account for and pay over all monies deposited with it as
such depository, and shall pay out such monies only as provided by
the bankruptcy law and applicable general orders and court rules,
and shall abide by all orders of the bankruptcy court in respect
of such monies, and shall otherwise faithfully perform all duties
pertaining to it as such depository.
3. As one means of bringing before the bankruptcy court informa-
tion respecting possible occasions for requiring a depository to give
a new bond with different sureties, it shall be the duty of each
depository to file with the bankruptcy court during the month of
January in each year a sworn statement in writing disclosing
(a) Whether any of the individual sureties on its bond has ceased
to be a resident of that judicial district, or has died; and
(b) Whether the financial worth of any of its individual sureties
has become materially impaired.
4. As one means of bringing before the bankruptcy court informa-
tion respecting occasions for requiring a depository to give a new
bond in an increased amount, it shall be the duty of any depository,
when its total of bankruptcy deposits equals ninety-five per centum
of the amount of its current depository bond, forthwith to file a writ-
ten statement with the bankruptcy court, setting forth the total
amount of such deposits and the amount of its current bond.
5. No trustee or receiver shall deposit with any one depository
funds committed to his custody as such receiver or trustee in excess
of the amount of the bond of such depository then in force.
6. It shall be the duty of the bankruptcy court to require a de-
pository to give a new bond whenever it appears that the prior bond
is not sufficient in amount, in view of present and prospective deposits,
or that a surety has died or ceased to be a resident of that judicial
district, or whenever there is otherwise occasion to believe that the
prior bond does not constitute adequate security.
7. It shall be the duty of the bankruptcy court to require each
depository in its district to give a new bond within five years after
the giving of its last prior bond.

MONDAY, FEBRUARY 7, 1938
160
8. A surety, or the personal representative of a deceased surety, on
the bond of a depository may, by a petition setting forth the grounds
therefor, request the bankruptcy court to require the depository to
give a new bond and thereby to relieve such surety, or his estate, from
responsibility and liability as respects any future default of the
depository, and, if upon a hearing had after reasonable notice to the
depository, to other sureties on the bond, and to the trustees or other
representatives of bankrupt estates having deposits in such deposi-
tory, it appears to the court that the petition can be granted without
injury to any party in interest, the court shall require the depository
to give a new bond.
9. A new bond given under any subdivision of this general order
shall, from the time of its approval by the bankruptcy court, be
regarded as taking the place of the preceding bond as respects any
subsequent default of the depository; and, upon approving the new
bond, the court shall enter an order relieving the sureties on the
prior bond, and the estate of any deceased surety, from responsi-
bility and liability thereon as respects any default of the depository
occurring thereafter.
10. If any depository, when required to give a new bond, fails to
comply with that requirement within the time fixed therefor by this
general order or by the bankruptcy court, it shall be the duty of that
court to order such depository to pay over all monies on deposit with
it as such depository, and to revoke its designation as depository.
ORDER OF ALLOTMENT OF JUSTICES
IT IS ORDERED that the following allotment be made of the Chief
Justice and Associate Justices of this Court among the Circuits,
agreeably to the Acts of Congress in such case made and provided,
and that such allotment be entered of record, viz:
For the First Circuit, Louis D. Brandeis, Associate Justice.
For the Second Circuit, Harlan F. Stone, Associate Justice.
For the Third Circuit, Owen J. Roberts, Associate Justice.
For the Fourth Circuit, Charles Evans Hughes, Chief Justice.
For the Fifth Circuit, Hugo L. Black, Associate Justice.
For the Sixth Circuit, James C. McReynolds, Associate Justice.
For the Seventh Circuit, Benjamin N. Cardozo, Associate Justice.
For the Eighth Circuit, Pierce Butler, Associate Justice.
For the Ninth Circuit, Stanley Reed, Associate Justice.
For the Tenth Circuit, Pierce Butler, Associate Justice.
--
No. In the matter of the disbarment of J. William Tomlinson.
It having been reported to the Court that J. William Tomlinson, of

MONDAY, FEBRUARY 7, 1938
161
Washington, D. C., a member of the Bar of this Court, has been dis-
barred from the practice of the law in the District Court of the
United States for the District of Columbia;
It is ordered that the said J. William Tomlinson be, and he is
hereby, suspended from the practice of the law in this Court, and
that a rule issue returnable within forty (40) days requiring the said
J. William Tomlinson to show cause why he should not be disbarred.
from the practice of the law in this Court.
No. In the matter of the disbarment of C. L. Kagey.
A rule is ordered to issue returnable on Monday, February 28,
1938, requiring C. L. Kagey, of Wichita, Kansas, a member of the
Bar of this Court, to show cause why he should not be disbarred for
conduct unbecoming a member of the Bar of this Court.
-
·
No. original. Ex parte Bryant McQuillen and Samuel Gott-
lieb, petitioners. The motions for leave to file petitions for writs of
mandamus and prohibition are denied. The Chief Justice and Mr.
Justice Stone took no part in the consideration or decision of these
applications.
No. - original. Ex parte Charles E. Phillips, petitioner. The
motion for leave to file petition for writ of habeas corpus is denied.
No., original. Ex parte Andrew B. Young, petitioner. The
motion for leave to file petition for declaratory judgment is denied.
No. 705. Petroleum Exploration, Inc., appellant. v. Public Service
Commission of Kentucky et al. In this case probable jurisdiction.
is noted. The motion for stay is denied.
No. 707. The United States, appellant, v. The Klamath and Moadoc
Tribes and Yahooskin Band of Snake Indians. In this case probable
jurisdiction is noted. Mr. Justice Cardozo and Mr. Justice Reed
took no part in the consideration or decision of this question.
No. 722. John Keller, petitioner, v. Fred G. Zerbst, Warden,
U. S. Penitentiary, Atlanta, Georgia. On petition for writ of cer-
tiorari to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Fifth
Circuit. The motion for leave to proceed further herein in forma
pauperis is denied for the reason that the Court, upon examination
of the papers herein submitted, finds no ground upon which a writ
of certiorari should be issued. The petition for writ of certiorari is
therefore also denied.
No. 654. Bryant McQuillen and Samuel Gottlieb, petitioners, v.
Honorable William C. Coleman, Judge of the District Court for the
District of Maryland. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United
States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Fourth Circuit denied. The
Chief Justice and Mr. Justice Stone took no part in the consideration
or decision of this application.

MONDAY, FEBRUARY 7, 1938
162
No. 681. Moulding-Brownell Corporation, petitioner, v. Honor-
able Philip L. Sullivan et al. On petition for writ of certiorari to
the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Seventh Circuit.
The petition for writ of certiorari is denied. Employers Corpora-
tion v. Bryant, 299 U. S. 374.
No. 657. Security-First National Bank of Los Angeles, Trustee,
etc., petitioner, v. Galen H. Welch, Former Collector of Internal
Revenue. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit
Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit denied.
No. 666. Lottie A. Abbott, The Legal Representative and Ad-
ministratrix of the estate of James D. Felley, deceased, etc., peti-
tioner, v. Henry Morgenthau, Jr., as Secretary of the Treasury etc.,
et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of
Appeals for the District of Columbia denied.
No. 677. Edward Lee Dip, petitioner, v. The United States of
America. Petition for writ of certorari to the United States Circuit
Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit denied.
No. 686. Cudahy Packing Company, petitioner, v. Andrew L. Mc-
Bride. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit
Court of Appeals for the Eighth Circuit denied.
No. 321. Charles G. Johnson, as Treasurer of the State of Cali-
fornia, et al., appellants, v. M. G. West Company. The motion for
leave to file petition for rehearing is granted. The petition for re-
hearing is denied.
No. 30. The United States of America, on relation of Chester A.
Willoughby, as Trustee, etc., et al., petitioners, v. Sam Howard and
Continental Casualty Company;
No. 613. Almours Securities, Inc., petitioner, v. Commissioner of
Internal Revenue;
No. 651. Georgia M. Spruill, petitioner, v. Harriet T. Serven; and
No. 652. Georgia M. Spruill, petitioner, v. William T. Ballard
et al. Petitions for rehearing denied.
ORDER
The Court will take a recess from Monday, February 14, until
Monday, February 28, next.
No., original. The State of Oklahoma, upon the relation of
Howard C. Johnson, Bank Commissioner, plaintiff v. R. M. Cook.

MONDAY, FEBRUARY 7, 1938
163
Motion for leave to file bill of complaint submitted by Mr. Francis
C. Brown for the plaintiff.
No. 415. Escanaba and Lake Superior Railroad Company, ap-
pellant, v. The United States of America, Interstate Commerce Com-
mission, et al. Argument continued by Mr. J. Stanley Payne for the
appellees, the United States and Interstate Commerce Commission;
by Mr. C. R. Sutherland for the appellees, Henry A. Scandrett et al.,
Trustees of the Chicago, Milwaukee, St. Paul and Pacific Railroad
Company; and concluded by Mr. John S. Burchmore for the appel-
lant.
No. 560. Southwestern Bell Telephone Company, appellant, v.
State of Oklahoma et al. Argued on the motion to dismiss by Mr.
Mac Q. Williamson for the appellees in support of the motion and by
Mr. Erwin W. Clausen for the appellant in opposition thereto.
No. 435. New York Rapid Transit Corporation, appellant, v. The
City of New York; and
No. 436. Brooklyn and Queens Transit Corporation, appellant, v.
The City of New York. Argued by Mr. Harold L. Warner and Mr.
Paul D. Miller for the appellants, and by Mr. Paxton Blair for the
appellee.
No. 636. Electric Bond and Share Company et al., petitioners, v.
Securities and Exchange Commission et al. Six hours allowed for
oral argument. Argument commenced by Mr. Thomas D. Thacher
for the petitioners.
Adjourned until tomorrow at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Tuesday, February 8, will be as follows: Nos.
636, 387 (and 388), 406, 446, 600, 437, 439, 445, 499, and 502.
Х

x
TUESDAY, FEBRUARY 8, 1938
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
164
Present: The Chief Justice, Mr. Justice McReynolds, Mr. Justice
Brandeis, Mr. Justice Butler, Mr. Justice Stone, Mr. Justice Roberts,
Mr. Justice Black, and Mr. Justice Reed.
Robert L. Bridges, of San Francisco, Calif.; William Richard
Nowlin, of Nashville, Tenn.; Earl Dayton Farr, of Punta Gorda,
Fla.; Maurice L. A. Gellis, of New York City; John J. Abt, of
Chicago, Ill.; John B. Snowden, II, of Memphis, Tenn.; Allan Davis,
of Memphis, Tenn.; H. Gus Muntzing, of Moorefield, W. Va; Charles
J. Beise, of Durango, Colo.; Nathaniel L. Meek, of New York City;
and Percy R. Jacobson, of Chicago, Ill., were admitted to practice.
No. 636. Electric Bond and Share Company et al., petitioners, v.
Securities and Exchange Commission et al. Argument continued by
Mr. Thomas D. Thacher for the petitioner and by Mr. Assistant At-
torney General Jackson and Mr. Benjamin V. Cohen for the
respondents.
Adjourned until tomorrow at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Wednesday, February 9, will be as follows: Nos.
636, 387 (and 388), 406, 446, 600, 437, 439, 445, 499, and 502.
19746-38-56

WEDNESDAY, FEBRUARY 9, 1938
165
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: The Chief Justice, Mr. Justice McReynolds, Mr. Justice
Brandeis, Mr. Justice Butler, Mr. Justice Stone, Mr. Justice Roberts,
Mr. Justice Black, and Mr. Justice Reed.
Sol. L. Neuhaus, of New York City; Ernest Diebel, of Houston,
Tex.; R. F. Camalier, of Washington, D. C.; John T. Barbrick, of
Pueblo, Colo.; Martin J. Weil, of Los Angeles, Calif.; and William
Drennan, of Kansas City, Kans., were admitted to practice.
No. 636. Electric Bond and Share Company et al., petitioners, v.
Securities and Exchange Commission et al. Argument continued by
Mr. Benjamin V. Cohen for the respondents and concluded by Mr.
John F. MacLane for the petitioners.
No. 387. Guy T. Helvering, Commissioner of Internal Revenue,
petitioner, v. Bankline Oil Company; and
No. 388. Bankline Oil Company, petitioner, v. Commissioner of
Internal Revenue. Argued by Mr. Assistant Solicitor General Bell
for the Commissioner of Internal Revenue and by Mr. Martin J.
Weil for the Bankline Oil Company.
No. 406. Guy T. Helvering, Commissioner of Internal Revenue,
petitioner, v. Thomas A. O'Donnell. Argument commenced by Mr.
Assistant Solicitor General Bell for the petitioner and continued by
Mr. A. Calder Mackay for the respondent.
Adjourned until tomorrow at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Thursday, February 10, will be as follows: Nos.
406, 446, 600, 437, 439, 445, 499, 511, and 528.
19746-38-
-57
X

THURSDAY, FEBRUARY 10, 1938
166
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: The Chief Justice, Mr. Justice McReynolds, Mr. Justice
Brandeis, Mr. Justice Butler, Mr. Justice Stone, Mr. Justice Roberts,
Mr. Justice Black, and Mr. Justice Reed.
John William Alexander, of Newark, Ark.: Stephen A. Cross, of
Chicago, Ill.; Perry W. Loren, of Washington, D. C.; John P. Ohl,
of New York City; Ralph S. Gayton, of Washington, D. C.; William
R. Johnson, of Washington, D. C.; Edwin G. Martin, of Relay, Md.;
Leon A. Ransom, of Washington, D. C.; Max Weitz, of New York
City; John B. Robinson, Jr., of Chicago, Ill.; Bernard J. Daly, of
New Orleans, La.; and Abraham J. Creskoff, of Philadelphia, Pa.,
were admitted to practice.
No. 406. Guy T. Helvering, Commissioner of Internal Revenue,
petitioner, v. Thomas A. O'Donnell. Argument concluded by Mr.
A. Calder Mackay for the respondent.
No. 446. Guy T. Helvering, Commissioner of Internal Revenue.
petitioner, v. Elbe Oil Land Development Company. Argued by Mr.
Assistant Solicitor General Bell for the petitioner and by Mr. George
T. Altman for the respondent.
No. 600. Guy T. Helvering, Commissioner of Internal Revenue,
petitioner, v. Mountain Producers Corporation. Argued by Mr. As-
sistant Solicitor General Bell for the petitioner and by Mr. Harold
D. Roberts for the respondent.
No. 437. M. C. Hinderlider, as State Engineer of the State of
Colorado, et al., etc., appellants, v. The LaPlata River and Cherry
Creek Ditch Company. Argument commenced by Mr. Ralph L.
Carr for the appellants. Argument suspended. Argument on mo-
tion to dismiss commenced by Mr. Charles J. Beise for the appellees,
in support of the motion, and continued by Mr. Ralph L. Carr for
the appellant, in opposition thereto.
Adjourned until tomorrow at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Friday, February 11, will be as follows: Nos.
437, 439, 445, and 511.
19746-38-58
☑

FRIDAY, FEBRUARY 11, 1938
167
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: The Chief Justice, Mr. Justice McReynolds, Mr. Justice
Brandeis, Mr. Justice Stone, Mr. Justice Roberts, Mr. Justice Black,
and Mr. Justice Reed.
Donald S. Leonard, of Detroit, Mich.; Eugene J. Keogh, of Brook-
lyn, N. Y.; Frederick Secord, of Chicago, Ill.; Loy N. McIntosh, of
Chicago, Ill.; Joseph H. Church, of Washington, D. C.; Lemuel A.
Haslup, of Washington, D. C.; Boice Gross, of San Francisco, Calif.;
Charles R. Culligan, of Washington, D. C.; Harold R. Kasson, of
Washington, D. C.; Marion E. Pollock Thompson, of Crestwood,
N. Y.; George O. Tiffany, of Chicago, Ill.; James E. Waddell, of
Oakland, Calif.; and Asa S. Chapman, of Champaign, Ill., were
admitted to practice.
The Chief Justice said:
"Mr. Justice Butler is absent today and we note with deep sorrow
the cause of that absence in the tragic death of his son, Kevin Butler.
We express to our brother Butler and to the members of his family
our deepest sympathy in this sad bereavement."
No. 437. M. C. Hinderlider, as State Engineer of the State of
Colorado, et al., etc., appellants, v. The LaPlata River and Cherry
Creek Ditch Company. Argument resumed by Mr. Ralph L. Carr
for the appellants; continued by Mr. Charles J. Beise for the appel-
lee; and concluded by Mr. Byron G. Rogers for the appellants.
No. 439. The United States of America, appellant, v. Philip
Klein, Escheator of the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania. Argued by
Mr. Assistant Attorney General Whitaker for the appellant and by
Mr. A. Jere Creskoff for the appellee.
No. 445. The United States of America, petitioner, v. Stanley J.
Patryas. Argued by Mr. Wilbur C. Pickett for the petitioner and by
Mr. Warren E. Miller for the respondent.
Adjourned until Monday, February 14, next, at 12 o'clock.
19746-38-59

MONDAY, FEBRUARY 14, 1938
168
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: The Chief Justice, Mr. Justice McReynolds, Mr. Justice
Brandeis, Mr. Justice Stone, Mr. Justice Roberts, and Mr. Justice
Black.
James R. Curtis, of Longview, Tex.; Clyde H. Brown, of Hot
Springs, Ark.; Royal R. Irwin, of Denver, Colo.; Philips Charles
Gorman, of Leesburg, Fla.; Eugene R. Hinds, of Maywood, Ill.;
Dean Sherry, of San Diego, Calif.; Joseph William Burns, of New
York City; Edward E. Cobbs, of Montgomery, Ala.; James C.
Shelor, of Atlanta, Ga.; James Thomas Gurney, of Orlando, Fla.;
and William A. Alfs, of Detroit, Mich., were admitted to practice.
No. 378. Susie Maty, Administratrix of the estate of George Maty,
also known as George Matey, petitioner, v. Grasselli Chemical Com-
pany. On writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of
Appeals for the Third Circuit. Judgment reversed with costs and
cause remanded to the said Circuit Court of Appeals for further pro-
ceedings in conformity with the opinion of this Court. Opinion
by Mr. Justice Black. Mr. Justice Cardozo took no part in the con-
sideration or decision of this case.
No. 161. South Carolina State Highway Department, South Caro-
lina Public Service Commission, et al., appellants, v. Barnwell Broth-
ers, Inc., et al. Appeal from the District Court of the United States
for the Eastern District of South Carolina. Decree reversed with
costs and cause remanded to the said District Court for further
proceedings in conformity with the opinion of this Court. Opinion
by Mr. Justice Stone. Mr. Justice Cardozo and Mr. Justice Reed
took no part in the consideration or decision of this case.
No. 13. United Gas Public Service Company, appellant, v. State
of Texas, Mrs. Miriam A. Ferguson, Former Governor of Texas,
et al. Appeal from the Court of Civil Appeals for the Third Su-
preme Judicial District of the State of Texas. Judgment affirmed
with costs. Opinion by Mr. Chief Justice Hughes. Mr. Justice
Reed took no part in the consideration and decision of this case.
Concurring opinion by Mr. Justice Black. Separate opinion by Mr.
Justice McReynolds and Mr. Justice Butler.
No. 380. The People of the State of New York ex rel. Consoli-
dated Water Company of Utica, New York, appellant, v. Milo R.
19746-38--60

MONDAY, FEBRUARY 14, 1938
169
Maltbie, George R. Van Namee, et al., etc. Appeal from the Su-
preme Court of the State of New York. Appeal dismissed for the
want of jurisdiction. Opinion, per curiam, announced by Mr. Chief
Justice Hughes. Mr. Justice Cardozo took no part in the considera-
tion and decision of this case.
No. 323. New York Life Insurance Company, petitioner, v. Stella
Jane Gamer, as Executrix of the will of E. Walter Gamer, also
known as Edward W. Gamer, deceased. On writ of certiorari to
the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit.
Judgment reversed with costs and cause remanded to the District
Court of the United States for the District of Montana for further
proceedings in conformity with the opinion of this Court. Opinion
by Mr. Justice Butler announced by the Chief Justice. Mr. Justice
Cardozo and Mr. Justice Reed took no part in the consideration or
decision of this case. Dissenting opinion by Mr. Justice Black.
The Chief Justice announced the following order of the Court:
No. 748. J. D. Poole, appellant, v. The State of Florida. Appeal
from the Supreme Court of the State of Florida. Per curiam: The
appeal herein is dismissed for the reason that the judgment sought
to be reviewed is based upon a non-federal ground adequate to sup-
port it. Quong Ham Wah Co. v. Industrial Commission, 255 U. S.
445, 448, 449; Hebert v. Louisiana, 272 U. S. 312, 316, 317; Susque-
hanna Co. v. Tax Commission (No. 2) 283 U. S. 297, 299, 300; Lig-
gett & Myers Tobacco Co. v. South Carolina, 291 U. S. 652. The
motion for leave to proceed further herein in forma pauperis is
denied.
The Chief Justice said:
"The other orders of the Court appear upon the list certified by
the Chief Justice and filed with the clerk and will not be announced
orally."
No. -, original. The State of Oklahoma upon the relation of
Howard C. Johnson, plaintiff, v. R. M. Cook. A rule is ordered to
issue requiring the defendant to show cause on or before March 7,
next, why leave to file the bill of complaint herein should not be
granted.
No. -, original. Ex parte Elbert Elwood Cogg, petitioner. The
motion for leave to file petition for writ of habeas corpus is denied.
No. 123. Harvey S. Adams, Receiver, etc., petitioner, v. Geneva
M. Nagle et al.; and
No. 124. Harvey S. Adams, Receiver, etc., petitioner, v. J. Edwin
Tobias et al. These cases are restored to the docket and assigned for
reargument on Monday, March 7, next.

MONDAY, FEBRUARY 14, 1938
170
No. 738. Thomas J. Mooney, petitioner, v. Court Smith, Warden
of San Quentin Penitentiary, State of California. The petitioner
having withdrawn the motion for leave to proceed on a printed
abstract of the record and having moved for time to present brief
in support of a petition for certiorari, the latter motion is granted,
and it is ordered that petitioner have thirty days from this date
in which to file with this Court and serve upon respondent a brief
in support of the petition for certiorari, and that respondent have
thirty days after such filing and service to file with the Court and
serve upon petitioner an opposing brief. The parties may refer to
the typewritten record in the respective briefs above mentioned.
Questions in relation to the preparation and printing of the record
or abstracts thereof will be reserved until the coming in of such
briefs.
No. 745. People of the State of New York, ex rel. Samuel L.
Geiselman, petitioner, v. William Hunt, as Warden of Attica Prison.
On petition for writ of certiorari to the Wyoming County Court,
State of New York. The motion for leave to proceed further herein
in forma pauperis is denied for the reason that the Court upon
examination of the papers herein submitted, finds no ground upon
which a writ of certiorari should be issued. The petition for writ
of certiorari is therefore also denied.
No. 699. John A. Johnson, petitioner, v. Fred G. Zerbst, Warden,
etc. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit
Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit granted.
No. 667. The United States, petitioner, v. Harry A. Kaplan.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Claims granted and
case assigned for argument immediately following No. 528. Mr.
Justice Reed took no part in the consideration or decision of this
application.
No. 668. The United States, petitioner, v. Shoshone Tribe of In-
dians of the Wind River Reservation in Wyoming. Petition for
writ of certiorari to the Court of Claims granted and case assigned.
for argument immediately preceding No. 707. Further consider-
ation of the motion to remand is postponed to the hearing of the
case on the merits. Mr. Justice Stone and Mr. Justice Reed took
no part in the consideration or decision of this application.
No. 672. William D. Levey, petitioner, v. The United States of
America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Cir-
cuit Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit denied.
No. 674. The Schriber-Schroth Company, petitioner, v. The Cleve-
land Trust Company, Chrysler Corporation;

MONDAY, FEBRUARY 14, 1938
171
No. 675. The Aberdeen Motor Supply Company, petitioner, v. The
Cleveland Trust Company, Chrysler Corporation; and
No. 676. The F. E. Rowe Sales Company, petitioner, v. The Cleve-
land Trust Company, Chrysler Corporation. Petition for writs of
certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the
Sixth Circuit denied.
No. 679. William C. Carter, petitioner, v. Marvel Carburetor Com-
pany. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of the
State of Michigan denied.
No. 682. Dutchess Underwear Corporation, petitioner, v. Indus-
trial Rayon Corporation. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit
denied.
No. 700. Pacific Gas and Electric Company, petitioner, v. Sacra-
mento Municipal Utility District, et al. Petition for writ of cer-
tiorari to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Ninth
Circuit denied.
No. 704. Chicago, Burlington & Quincy Railroad Company, peti-
tioner, v. Ruby R. Goodman, Administratrix, etc. Petition for writ
of certiorari to the Appellate Court, 1st District, State of Illinois,
denied.
No. 708. David Danish, as Trustee, etc., petitioner, v. Joseph
Sofranski and David Bodner. Petitioner for writ of certiorari to
the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit
denied.
No. 712. Wabash Appliance Corporation et al., petitioners, v. Gen-
eral Electric Company. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United
States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit denied.
No. 721. Peerless Equipment Company, petitioner, v. W. H.
Miner, Inc. Petitioner for writ of certiorari to the United States
Circuit Court of Appeals for the Seventh Circuit denied.
No. 10. Ocean Beach Heights, Inc., et al., petitioners, v. The
Brown-Crummer Investment Company et al.; and
No. 671. Catherine Schultz, petitioner, v. Live Stock National
Bank of Chicago et al. Petitions for rehearing denied.
No. 16, original. State of Missouri, complainant, v. State of Iowa.
Application of defendant for rule to particularize presented.
Adjourned until Monday, February 28, at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Monday, February 28, will be as follows: Nos.
680, 300, 427, 453, 458, 487, 499, 502, 511, and 519.

MONDAY, FEBRUARY 28, 1938
172
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: The Chief Justice, Mr. Justice McReynolds, Mr. Justice
Brandeis, Mr. Justice Butler, Mr. Justice Stone, Mr. Justice Roberts,
Mr. Justice Black, and Mr. Justice Reed.
Harry S. Pollard, of Austin, Tex.; Wallace Shepard, of Sacra-
mento, Calif.; Elmore Whitehurst, of Dallas, Tex.; Richard L.
Withrow, of Dayton, Ohio; Allan Watkins, of Atlanta, Ga.; Joseph
D. Calhoun, of Media, Pa.; Joseph P. McMahon, of Pleasant Ridge,
Mich.; E. A. Coker, of Dallas, Tex.; Robert Winfield Baile, of Lans-
downe, Pa.; Martin F. Hatch, of Upper Darby, Pa.; Clarence G.
Myers, of Swarthmore, Pa.; Raymond R. Start, of Upper Darby, Pa.;
Thomas E. Sands, Jr., of Minneapolis, Minn.; Abraham I. Mayer, of
Newark, N. J.; Raymond E. Larson, of Media, Pa.; Nicholas J.
Madgey, of Chicago, Ill.; Chas. M. Pollock, of Fargo, N. Dak.;
Herman F. Chapman, of Sioux Falls, S. Dak.; and Edmund D.
Buckley, of San Francisco, Calif., were admitted to practice.
No. 365. Noah Adair, petitioner, v. Bank of America National
Trust and Savings Association. On writ of certiorari to the United
States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit. Judgment
reversed with costs and cause remanded to the District Court of the
United States for the Southern District of California for further
proceedings in conformity with the opinion of this Court. Opinion
by Mr. Justice Reed. Mr. Justice McReynolds concurs in the result.
Mr. Justice Cardozo took no part in the consideration or decision of
this case.
No. 445. The United States of America, petitioner, v. Stanley J.
Patryas. On writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of
Appeals for the Seventh Circuit. Judgment affirmed and cause re-
manded to the District Court of the United States for the Northern
District of Illinois. Opinion by Mr. Justice Black. Mr. Justice
Cardozo and Mr. Justice Reed took no part in the consideration or
decision of this case.
No. 274. Saint Paul Mercury Indemnity Company, petitioner, v.
Red Cab Company. On writ of certiorari to the United States
19746-38-61

MONDAY, FEBRUARY 28, 1938
173
Circuit Court of Appeals for the Seventh Circuit. Judgment re-
versed with costs and cause remanded to the said Circuit Court of
Appeals for further proceedings in conformity with the opinion of
this Court. Opinion by Mr. Justice Roberts. Mr. Justice Cardozo
and Mr. Justice Reed took no part in the consideration or decision of
this case.
No. 349. Guy T. Helvering, Commissioner of Internal Revenue,
petitioner, v. Sellar Bullard, as Executor under the last will and
testament of Clara R. Smith, deceased. On writ of certiorari to the
United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Seventh Circuit.
Judgment reversed and cause remanded to the said Circuit Court of
Appeals for further proceedings in conformity with the opinion of
this Court. Opinion by Mr. Justice Roberts. Mr. Justice Cardozo
and Mr. Justice Reed took no part in the consideration or decision
of this case.
No. 375. Thomas B. Hassett, Individually and as Former Acting
Collector, petitioner, v. E. Sohier Welch et al., executors. On writ
of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the
First Circuit; and
No. 484. Guy T. Helvering, Commissioner of Internal Revenue,
petitioner, v. Charles H. Marshall, Administrator of the Estate of
Josephine B. Marshall, deceased. On writ of certiorari to the United
States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit. Judgment
in No. 375 affirmed with costs and cause remanded to the District
Court of the United States for the District of Massachusetts. Judg-
ment in No. 484 affirmed and cause remanded to the Circuit Court of
Appeals for the Second Circuit. Opinion by Mr. Justice Roberts.
Mr. Justice Cardozo and Mr. Justice Reed took no part in the con-
sideration or decision of these cases.
No. 415. Escanaba and Lake Superior Railroad Company, appel-
lant, v. The United States of America, Interstate Commerce Com-
mission, et al. Appeal from the District Court of the United States
for the Western District of Michigan. Decree affirmed. Opinion
by Mr. Justice Roberts. Mr. Justice Cardozo took no part in the
consideration or decision of this case.
No. 293. Edward Lauf and Amalgamated Meat Cutters and
Butcher Workmen of North America, Local No. 73, petitioners, v.
E. G. Shinner & Company, Inc. On writ of certiorari to the United
States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Seventh Circuit. Decree
reversed with costs and cause remanded to the District Court of the
United States for the Eastern District of Wisconsin for further pro-
ceedings in conformity with the opinion of this Court. Opinion by
Mr. Justice Roberts. Mr. Justice Cardozo and Mr. Justice Reed took
no part in the consideration or decision of this case. Dissenting

MONDAY, FEBRUARY 28, 1938
174
opinion by Mr. Justice Butler in which Mr. Justice McReynolds
concurs.
No. 322. Western Live Stock, a partnership Composed of Frazier
Biggs and D. F. Biggs, appellant, v. Bureau of Revenue and John
A. Bingaman, Commissioner of Revenue. Appeal from the Supreme
Court of the State of New Mexico. Judgment affirmed with costs.
Opinion by Mr. Justice Stone. Dissenting: Mr. Justice McReynolds
and Mr. Justice Butler. Mr. Justice Cardozo took no part in the con-
sideration or decision of this case.
No. 413. National Labor Relations Board, petitioner, v. Pennsyl-
vania Greyhound Lines, Inc., and Greyhound Management Company.
On writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals
for the Third Circuit. Judgment reversed and cause remanded to
the said Circuit Court of Appeals for further proceedings in con-
formity with the opinion of this Court. Opinion by Mr. Justice
Stone. Mr. Justice Cardozo and Mr. Justice Reed took no part in
the consideration or decision of this case.
No. 504. National Labor Relations Board, petitioner, v. Pacific
Greyhound Lines, Inc. On writ of certiorari to the United States
Circuit Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit. Judgment reversed
and cause remanded to the said Circuit Court of Appeals for further
proceedings in conformity with the opinion of this Court. Opinion
by Mr. Justice Stone. Mr. Justice Cardozo and Mr. Justice Reed
took no part in the consideration or decision of this case.
No. 439. The United States of America, appellant, v. Philip Klein,
Escheator of the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania. Appeal from the
Supreme Court of the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania. Judgment
affirmed. Opinion by Mr. Justice Stone. Mr. Justice Cardozo and
Mr. Justice Reed took no part in the consideration or decision of this
case.
No. 352. The United States of America, petitioner, v. Illinois Cen-
tral Railroad Company, a corporation. On writ of certiorari to the
United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit.
Judgment reversed and cause remanded to the District Court of the
United States for the Eastern District of Louisiana for further pro-
ceedings in conformity with the opinion of this Court. Opinion by
Mr. Justice Butler. Mr. Justice Cardozo and Mr. Justice Reed took
no part in the consideration or decision of this case.
No. 342. C. C. McCollum, Trustee in Bankruptcy of Lookout
Planing Mills, petitioner, v. Hamilton National Bank of Chatta-
nooga. On writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of the State of
Tennessee. Decree reversed with costs and cause remanded to the said
Supreme Court for further proceedings not inconsistent with the

MONDAY, FEBRUARY 28, 1938
175
opinion of this Court. Opinion by Mr. Justice Butler. Mr. Justice
Cardozo took no part in the consideration or decision of this case.
No. 63. The United States of America and Interstate Commerce
Commission, appellants, v. W. V. Griffin and H. W. Purvis, receivers
for Georgia & Florida Railroad. Appeal from the District Court of
the United States for the Southern District of Georgia. Decree re-
versed and cause remanded to the said District Court with direction
to dismiss the bill without costs to either party. Opinion by Mr.
Justice Brandeis. Mr. Justice Black agrees with the result and fully
with all of the opinion except paragraph Fourth. Mr. Justice Car-
dozo and Mr. Justice Reed took no part in the consideration or
decision of this case.
No. 362. The Century Indemnity Company, petitioner, v. G. Nelson.
On writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals
for the Ninth Circuit. Judgment reversed with costs and cause re-
manded to the said Circuit Court of Appeals for further proceedings
in conformity with the opinion of this Court. Opinion by Mr. Jus-
tice McReynolds. Mr. Justice Cardozo took no part in the considera-
tion or decision of this case.
No. 128. Guy T. Helvering, Commissioner of Internal Revenue,
petitioner, v. John H. Therrell, also known as J. H. Therrell; and
No. 129. Guy T. Helvering, Commissioner of Internal Revenue,
petitioner, v. William H. Tunnicliffe. On writs of certiorari to the
United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit;
No. 287. Edward McLoughlin, petitioner, v. Commissioner of
Internal Revenue. On writ of certiorari to the United States Cir-
cuit Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit; and
No. 597. Guy T. Helvering, Commissioner of Internal Revenue,
petitioner, v. Clarence M. Freedman. On writ of certiorari to the
United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Third Circuit. Judg-
ments in Nos. 128, 129, and 597 reversed and cases Nos. 128 and 129
remanded to the Circuit Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit and
case No. 597 remanded to the Circuit Court of Appeals for the Third
Circuit for further proceedings in conformity with the opinion of this
Court. Judgment in No. 287 affirmed and cause remanded to the
Circuit Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit. Opinion by Mr.
Justice McReynolds. Mr. Justice Cardozo and Mr. Justice Reed took
no part in the consideration or decision of these cases.
No. 319. Robert K. Mookini and Lee Sau Chong, petitioners, v.
The United States of America. On writ of certiorari to the United
States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit. Judgment
reversed and cause remanded to the said Circuit Court of Appeals
for further proceedings in conformity with the opinion of this Court.

MONDAY, FEBRUARY 28, 1938
176
Opinion by Mr. Chief Justice Hughes. Mr. Justice Cardozo took no
part in the consideration and decision of this case.
No. 560. Southwestern Bell Telephone Company, appellant, v.
State of Oklahoma and The Corporation Commission of the State of
Oklahoma. Appeal from the Supreme Court of the State of Okla-
homa. Motion to dismiss granted and the appeal dismissed for want
of jurisdiction. Opinion, per curiam, announced by Mr. Chief Jus-
tice Hughes. Mr. Justice Cardozo took no part in the consideration
and decision of this case.
The Chief Justice announced the following orders of the Court:
No. 768. Arthur Rust, appellant, v. Martin T. Pratt, Sheriff of
Multnomah County and James R. Bain, District Attorney;
No. 769. Paul Jennings, appellant, v. Martin T. Pratt, Sheriff of
Multnomah County and James R. Bain, District Attorney;
No. 770. C. N. Abbott, appellant, v. Martin T. Pratt, Sheriff of
Multnomah County and James R. Bain, District Attorney; and
No. 771. Karl Tigert, appellant, v. Martin T. Pratt, Sheriff of
Multnomah County and James R. Bain, District Attorney. Ap-
peals from the Supreme Court of the State of Oregon. Per curiam:
The appeals herein are dismissed (1) for the reason that the judg-
ments sought to be reviewed are based upon a non-federal ground
adequate to support them, Doyle v. Atwell, 261 U. S. 590; Cox v.
Colorado, 282 U. S. 807; Woolsey v. Best, 299 U. S. 1; (2) for the
want of a substantial federal question, Twining v. New Jersey, 211
U. S. 78, 106, 111-114; Snyder v. Massachusetts, 291 U. S. 97, 105;
Brown v. Mississippi, 297 U. S. 278, 285; Palko v. Connecticut,
U. S. (decided December 6, 1937).
-
-
-
No. 792. Charles Williams, Elias W. Bless, and Joseph Cohen, et al.,
appellants, v. Michael J. Quill, as President of the Transport Work-
ers Union of America, etc., et al. Appeal from the Supreme Court
of the State of New York. Per curiam: The motion of the appel-
lants for leave to file supplemental statement as to jurisdiction is
granted. The motion of the appellees to dismiss the appeal is
granted, and the appeal is dismissed for the want of a final judgment.
Verden v. Coleman, 18 How. 86; Reddall v. Bryan, 24 How. 420,
422; Brannan v. Harrison, 284 U. S. 579.
The Chief Justice said:
"The other orders of the Court appear upon the list certified by
the Chief Justice and filed with the clerk and will not be announced
orally."

-
MONDAY, FEBRUARY 28, 1938
177
No. In Re Disbarment of John L. Lotsch. It having been
reported to the Court that John L. Lotsch, of New York, N. Y., has
been disbarred from the practice of the law by the Appellate Divi-
sion of the Supreme Court of the State of New York for the First
Judicial Department;
It is ordered that the said John L. Lotsch be, and he is hereby,
suspended from the practice of the law in this Court, and that a rule.
issue, returnable within forty (40) days, requiring him to show cause
why he should not be disbarred from the practice of the law in this
Court.
No. -, original. Ex parte Albert R. House, petitioner. A rule
is ordered to issue, returnable within fifteen days from this date,
requiring the respondents to show cause why leave to file the petition
for a writ of habeas corpus should not be granted.
No.
-, original. Ex parte Walter Gross, petitioner. The motion
for leave to file petition for writ of habeas corpus is denied.
No. -, original. Ex parte C. E. Phillips, petitioner. The motions
for leave to file interrogatories are denied.
No. 897. October Term 1936. Cassius McDonald, petitioner, v.
The United States of America. The petition for a writ of error
coram nobis is denied. Mr. Justice Reed took no part in the con-
sideration or decision of this application.
No. 16, original. State of Missouri, complainant, v. State of Iowa.
The application of the defendant for a rule to particularize is denied
and the defendant is required to answer within 30 days.
No. 293. Edward Lauf and Amalgamated Meat Cutters and
Butcher Workmen of North America, Local No. 73, petitioners, v.
E. G. Shinner & Company, Inc. The motion of American Civil
Liberties Union, Inc., and International Juridical Association for
leave to file a brief as amici curiae is denied.
No. 762. Carl F. Belk, petitioner, v. The Massman Construction
Company. On petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court
of the State of Nebraska ;
No. 777. Basil H. Pollitt, petitioner, v. Roscoe W. Hall, Acting
Superintendent of St. Elizabeths Hospital. On petition for writ
of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the District
of Columbia;
No. 791. George T. Simpson and Lillian F. Simpson, petitioners, v.
John A. Dyer, Thomas A. Griffin, et al. On petition for writ of cer-
tiorari to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Sixth
Circuit;
No. 719. Phillip John Pratt, petitioner, v. The United States of
America. On petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia; and

MONDAY, FEBRUARY 28, 1938
178
On
No. 799. Helen R. Brown, petitioner, v. Kenneth O. Brown.
petition for writ of certiorari to the Superior Court of the Com-
monwealth of Pennsylvania. The motions for leave to proceed fur-
ther herein in forma pauperis are denied for the reason that the
Court, upon examination of the papers herein submitted, finds no
ground upon which writs of certiorari should be issued. The peti-
tions for writs of certiorari are therefore also denied.
No. 760. Arkansas Fuel Oil Company, appellant, v. State of Loui-
siana, ex rel. Hyman Muslow; and
No. 761. William Mahoney, as Liquor Control Commissioner of the
State of Minnesota, et al., appellants, v. Joseph Triner Corporation.
In these cases probable jurisdiction is noted.
No. 757. The United States of America, appellant, v. Milo W.
Bekins and Reed J. Bekins, as Trustees, etc.; and
No. 772. Lindsay-Strathmore Irrigation District, appellant, v. Milo
W. Bekins and Reed J. Bekins, as Trustees, etc. In these cases
probable jurisdiction is noted. The motions to dismiss or affirm
are denied.
No. 715. James M. Wright, petitioner, v. Union Central Life Insur-
ance Co.; and
No. 716. James M. Wright, petitioner, v. Union Central Life Insur-
ance Co. Petition for writs of certiorari to the United States Circuit
Court of Appeals for the Seventh Circuit granted.
No. 706. National Labor Relations Board, petitioner, v. Mackay
Radio & Telegraph Company. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit
granted. Mr. Justice Reed took no part in the consideration or deci-
sion of this application.
No. 723. Guy T. Helvering, Commissioner of Internal Revenue,
petitioner, v. National Grocery Company. Petition for writ of cer-
tiorari to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Third
Circuit granted. Mr. Justice Reed took no part in the consideration
or decision of this application.
No. 779. Guy T. Helvering, Commissioner of Internal Revenue,
petitioner, v. Philip L. Gerhardt;
No. 780. Guy T. Helvering, Commissioner of Internal Revenue,
petitioner, v. Billings Wilson; and
No. 781. Guy T. Helvering, Commissioner of Internal Revenue,
petitioner, v. John J. Mulcahy. Petition for writs of certiorari to
the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit
granted. The Chief Justice took no part in the consideration or de-
cision of this application.
No. 727. The United States of America, petitioner, v. Norman
Baker and E. R. Rood. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United

MONDAY, FEBRUARY 28, 1938
179
States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit denied. Mr.
Justice Reed took no part in the consideration or decision of this
application.
No. 655. Louis H. Pink, Superintendent of Insurance of the State
of New York, as Liquidator, etc., petitioner, v. The United States.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Claims denied.
No. 660. August H. Moran, Receiver of Wardman Corporation,
Inc., petitioner, v. The United States. Petition for writ of certiorari
to the Court of Claims denied.
No. 664. Theodore S. Wilkinson, petitioner, v. The United States.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Claims denied.
No. 683. The United States of America, ex rel. John James
Pannone, petitioner, v. Laureat L. Martineau, United States Immi-
gration Inspector in Charge. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit de-
nied.
No. 685. Charles W. Taylor, petitioner, v. Calmar Steamship Cor-
poration. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit
Court of Appeals for the Third Circuit denied.
No. 687. Edson M. Walker, petitioner, v. The United States of
America;
No. 688. John H. Drummond, petitioner, v. The United States of
America;
No. 689. John A. Luteran, petitioner, v. The United States of
America;
No. 690. Frank H. Adams, petitioner, v. The United States of
America;
No. 691. Lorne E. Wells, petitioner, v. The United States of
America;
No. 692. Joe R. Wells, Jr., petitioner, v. The United States of
America ;
No. 693. Leo B. Roach, petitioner, v. The United States of America;
No. 694. John T. Little, petitioner, v. The United States of
America;
No. 695. Gilbert Stevens, petitioner, v. The United States of
America;
No. 696. Forest C. Holman, petitioner, v. The United States of
America;
No. 697. George Neeper, petitioner, v. The United States of
America; and
No. 698. Frank Ditsch, petitioner, v. The United States of
America. Petition for writs of certiorari to the United States Cir-
cuit Court of Appeals for the Eighth Circuit denied.

MONDAY, FEBRUARY 28, 1938
180
No. 702. Associated Indemnity Corporation and Frank D. Jones,
petitioners, v. George F. Getty Oil Company. Petition for writ of
certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the
Tenth Circuit denied.
No. 717. Atlanta Beer Distributing Co., Inc., petitioner, v. W. S.
Alexander, as Administrator, Federal Alcohol Administration. Peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of
Appeals for the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 729. Richard T. Harriss, William L. Harriss, et al., etc., peti-
tioners, v. Indemnity Insurance Company of North America et al.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of
Appeals for the Second Circuit denied.
No. 658. Middle States Petroleum Corporation, petitioner, v. The
United States. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Claims
denied.
No. 663. Don C. Bothwell and George N. Davis, as Receivers, etc.,
petitioners, v. The United States. Petition for writ of certiorari to
the Court of Claims denied.
No. 701. Richard C. Hyland, doing business under the fictitious
name and style of Hyland Bag Company, petitioner, v. Millers Na-
tional Insurance Company et al. Petition for writ of ceritorari to
the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit
denied.
No. 703. Ernest M. Bull, Sole Surviving Executor and Trustee of
the estate of Archibald H. Bull, deceased, petitioner, v. The United
States. Petition for writ of ceritorari to the Court of Claims
denied.
No. 713. David Dubrin, William C. Toomey, and Joseph Winfield,
petitioners, v. The United States of America; and
No. 714. David Weinstein, petitioner, v. The United States of
America. Petition for writs of certiorari to the United States Cir-
cuit Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit denied.
No. 718. J. Wm. Tomlinson, petitioner, v. The United States of
America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court
of Appeals for the District of Columbia denied.
No. 720. Chessborough James Henry Mackenzie-Kennedy, peti-
tioner, v. The United States. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
Court of Claims denied.
No. 724. Ignatio Lupo, petitioner, v. Fred G. Zerbst, Warden, U. S.
Penitentiary. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Circuit Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit denied.
19746-38-
―62

MONDAY, FEBRUARY 28, 1938
181
No. 728. Byrd-Frost, Inc., petitioner, v. Mrs. Trip Elder, Indi-
vidually, etc. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Circuit Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 731. The Yvette Company, otherwise known as Yvette Com-
pany, Inc., petitioner, v. The United States of America. Petition
for writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals
for the Second Circuit denied.
No. 732. Earl Corbett, petitioner, v. Equitable Life Insurance
Society of the United States. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Seventh Circuit
denied.
No. 733. William R. Willcox, as Trustee in Bankruptcy of the
estate of J. A. M. A. Realty Corporation, bankrupt, petitioner, v.
Frederick V. Goess, as Receiver, etc.;
No. 734. William R. Willcox, as Trustee in bankruptcy of the
estate of J. A. M. A. Realty Corporation, Bankrupt, petitioner, v.
Frederick V. Goess, as Receiver, etc.; and
No. 735. William R. Willcox, as Trustee in Bankruptcy of the
estate of J. A. M. A. Realty Corporation, Bankrupt, petitioner, v.
Frederick V. Goess, as Receiver, etc. Petition for writs of certiorari
to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Second Cir-
cuit denied.
No. 739. American Surety Company, petitioner, v. Town of
Hamden. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Cir-
cuit Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit denied.
No. 743. Thomas A. Maynard et al., petitioners, v. D. Carson
Finney et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Circuit Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit denied.
v.
No. 749. The Baltimore and Ohio Railroad Company, petitioner,
Mary V. Love, as Administratrix, etc. Petition for writ of cer-
tiorari to the Supreme Court of the State of New York denied.
No. 197. Estaban Adam, petitioner, v. William Saenger et al.;
No. 256. State of Indiana, ex rel. Dorothy Anderson, petitioner, v.
Harry Brand, Trustee, etc.; and
No. 346. Guy T. Helvering, Commissioner of Internal Revenue,
petitioner, v. Nellie B. Bowers, Administratrix, etc. Petitions for
rehearing denied.
No.
In the matter of the Disbarment of C. L. Kagey. Return
to rule to show cause presented.
No. 427. Eugene Szold, appellant, v. Outlet Embroidery Supply
Co., Inc. Argued by Mr. Henry Epstein for the appellee and case

MONDAY, FEBRUARY 28, 1938
182
submitted by Mr. Eugene L. Garey and Mr. Earl J. Garey for the
appellant.
No. 458. Milton Coverdale, Sheriff and ex-officio Tax Collector,
appellant, v. Arkansas-Louisiana Pipe Line Company. Argument
commenced by Mr. E. L. Richardson for the appellant; continued
by Mr. Leon O'Quin for the appellee; and concluded by Mr. F. A.
Blanche for the appellant.
No. 499. The United States of America, petitioner, v. Robert K.
Wurts. Argued by Mr. Arnold Raum for the petitioner and by Mr.
Claude C. Smith for the respondent.
No. 502. John N. Shannahan and Claude J. Jackson, as Trustees
of the property of Chicago, South Shore and South Bend Railroad
et al., appellants, v. The United States of America et al. Argument
commenced by Mr. John C. Lawyer for the appellants and continued
by Mr. Leo F. Tierney for the appellees.
Adjourned until tomorrow at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Tuesday March 1, will be as follows: Nos. 502,
487, 300, 511, 528, 667, 519, 453, 536, and 455.
Х

TUESDAY, MARCH 1, 1938
183
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: The Chief Justice, Mr. Justice McReynolds, Mr. Justice
Brandeis, Mr. Justice Butler, Mr. Justice Stone, Mr. Justice Roberts,
Mr. Justice Black, and Mr. Justice Reed.
John H. Bankhead, 2nd, of Jasper, Ala.; Harry Langsam, of Phila-
delphia, Pa.; Joseph A. Spray, of Los Angeles, Calif.; Thomas F.
Patton, of Cleveland, Ohio; James E. Kelby, of Los Angeles, Calif.;
Blatchford Downing, of Kansas City, Mo.; Thurman L. Dodson, of
Washington, D. C.; Raymond G. Stanbury, of Los Angeles, Calif.;
Gordon Johnson, of San Francisco, Calif.; Raymond J. Meurer, of
Detroit, Mich.; Mary Dixon Willis, of Washington, D. C.; and R. F.
(Dick) Voyer, Dallas, Tex., were admitted to practice.
No. 502. John N. Shannahan and Claude J. Jackson, as Trustees
of the Property of Chicago, South Shore and South Bend Railroad,
et al., appellants, 2. The United States of America, et al. Argument
continued by Mr. Leo. F. Tierney for the appellees and concluded
by Mr. John C. Lawyer for the appellants.
No. 487. The United States of America, petitioner, v. James E.
O'Donnell et al. Four hours allowed for oral argument. Argument
commenced by Mr. Assistant Attorney General McFarland for the
petitioner and continued by Mr. William Stanley for the respondents.
Adjourned until tomorrow at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Wednesday, March 2, will be as follows: Nos.
487, 300, 511, 528, 667, 519, 453, 536, 455, and 558.
☑
19746-38-
-
-63

WEDNESDAY, MARCH 2, 1938
184
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: The Chief Justice. Mr. Justice McReynolds, Mr. Justice
Brandeis, Mr. Justice Butler, Mr. Justice Stone, Mr. Justice Roberts,
Mr. Justice Black, and Mr. Justice Reed.
Wilma Estella Van Deman, of Washington, D. C.; A. Barbara
Bartels, of Washington, D. C.; Julia L. Seider, of Bay Shore, N. Y.;
and Paul R. Watkins, of Los Angeles, Calif., were admitted to
practice.
No. 687. Edson M. Walker, petitioner, v. The United States of
America;
No. 688. John H. Drummond, petitioner, v. The United States of
America;
No. 689. John A. Luteran, petitioner, v. The United States of
America;
No. 690. Frank H. Adams, petitioner, v. The United States of
America;
No. 691. Lorne E. Wells, petitioner, v. The United States of
America;
No. 692. Joe R. Wells, Jr., petitioner, v. The United States of
America;
No. 693. Leo B. Roach, petitioner, v. The United States of
America;
No. 694. John T. Little, petitioner, v. The United States of
America;
No. 695. Gilbert Stevens, petitioner, v. The United States of
America;
No. 696. Forest C. Holman, petitioner, v. The United States of
America:
No. 697. George Neeper, petitioner, v. United States of America;
and
No. 698. Frank Ditsch, petitioner, v. The United States of Amer-
ica. Motion to withhold orders denying petition for writs of cer-
tiorari submitted by Mr. Ralph F. Lozier for the petitioners.
19746-38-64

WEDNESDAY, MARCH 2, 1938
185
No. 487. The United States of America, petitioner, v. James E.
O'Donnell et al. Argument continued by Mr. William Stanley and
by Mr. James E. Kelby for the respondent, and concluded by Mr.
Assistant Attorney General McFarland for the petitioner.
No. 300. The St. Louis, Brownsville and Mexico Railway Company
et al., petitioners, v. Brownsville Navigation District of Cameron
County, Texas, et al. Argued by Mr. Robert H. Kelley for the
petitioners and by Mr. Carl B. Callaway for the respondents. Leave
granted to file supplemental briefs within ten days.
No. 511. The New Negro Alliance et al., petitioners, v. Sanitary
Grocery Co., Inc. Argument commenced by Mr. Belford V. Lawson,
Jr., for the petitioners.
Adjourned until tomorrow at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Thursday, March 3, will be as follows: Nos.
511, 528, 667, 519, 453, 536, 455, 558, 633, and 563.
Х

1
THURSDAY, MARCH 3, 1938
186
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: The Chief Justice, Mr. Justice McReynolds, Mr. Justice
Brandeis, Mr. Justice Butler, Mr. Justice Stone, Mr. Justice Roberts,
Mr. Justice Black, and Mr. Justice Reed.
Henry G. Wood, of New York City; Stephen E. Rice, of New York
City; Curtis E. Hill, of Dallas, Tex.; Jesse C. Moore, of Indianapolis,
Ind.; Alexander C. Neave, of New York City; John H. Anderson, of
Cleveland, Ohio; Frederic H. Chase, of Boston, Mass.; and Raymond
P. Baldwin, of Boston, Mass., were admitted to practice.
No. 511. The Negro Alliance et al., petitioners, v. Sanitary Grocery
Co., Inc. Argument continued by Mr. Belford V. Lawson, Jr., for
the petitioners; by Mr. A. Coulter Wells for the respondent; and con-
cluded by Mr. Thurman L. Dodson for the petitioners.
No. 528. Pacific National Company, petitioner, v. Galen H. Welch,
Former Collector of Internal Revenue etc. Argued by Mr. Donald V.
Hunter for the petitioner and by Mr. Edward J. Ennis for the re-
spondent.
No. 667. The United States, petitioner, v. Harry A. Kaplan. Ar-
gument commenced by Mr. Edward J. Ennis for the petitioner and
continued by Mr. Llewellyn A. Luce for the respondent.
Adjourned until tomorrow at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Friday, March 4, will be as follows: Nos. 667,
519, 453, 536, 455, 558, 633, 563, 594, and 596.
19746-38-65

FRIDAY, MARCH 4, 1938
187
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: The Chief Justice, Mr. Justice McReynolds, Mr. Justice
Brandeis, Mr. Justice Butler, Mr. Justice Stone, Mr. Justice Roberts,
Mr. Justice Black, and Mr. Justice Reed.
Vincente L. Pastrana, of Manila, P. I.; Bernard Goodwin, of New
York City; Richard M. Nichols, of Boston, Mass.; Harold C. Jesse,
of New York City; J. W. Jones, of Lexington, Ky.; Leo Speer, of
Centerburg, Ohio; Herbert G. Potthoff, of Galveston, Tex.; Timothy
C. Mooney, of Washington, D. C.; William T. Speer, of Washing-
ton, D. C.; Edward B. Wagner, of Fort Plain, N. Y.; Walter G.
Silcox, of Lowell, Mass.; Walter D. Perry, of Washington, D. C.;
J. Oliver Timpe, of Washington, D. C.; Ira Willis Patterson, of
Columbus, Ind.; Otto H. Marquer, of New York City; George E.
Sutley, of Washington, D. C.; Abraham W. Lilienthal, New York
City; Arthur E. Otto, of Washington, D. C.; Clyde Russell Maxwell,
of Chicago, Ill.; Lloyd Gerion Haag, of Washington, D. C.; William
Alexander Kluttz, of Salisbury, N. C.; Paul Joseph Ashe, of
Leominster, Mass.; Patrick F. Kerin, of Washington, D. C.; Jules
Felix Addor, of Washington, D. C.; Wesley W. Coulliette, of
Marianna, Fla.; William S. Donaldson, of Washington, D. C.; and
Samuel Tilden Hazard, of Chevy Chase, Md., were admitted to
practice.
No. 667. The United States, petitioner, v. Harry A. Kaplan.
Argument continued by Mr. Llewellyn A. Luce for the respondent
and concluded by Mr. Edward J. Ennis for the petitioner.
No. 519. State Farm Mutual Automobile Insurance Company, peti-
tioner, v. James D. Coughran. Argued by Mr. Joseph A. Spray
for the petitioner and by Mr. Raymond G. Stanbury for the
respondent.
No. 453. General Electric Company, petitioner, v. Wabash Ap-
pliance Corporation et al. Argument commenced by Mr. Merrell S.
Clark for the petitioner and continued by Mr. Samuel E. Darby, Jr.,
for the respondents.
Adjourned until Monday next at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Monday, March 7, will be as follows: Nos. 453,
536, 455, 144 (and 145), 123 (and 124), 558, 633, 563, 594,
and 596.
19746-38-66

MONDAY, MARCH 7, 1938
188
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: The Chief Justice, Mr. Justice McReynolds, Mr. Justice
Brandeis, Mr. Justice Butler, Mr. Justice Stone, Mr. Justice Roberts,
Mr. Justice Black, and Mr. Justice Reed.
John H. Reddy, of Washington, D. C.; George Slaff, of New York
City; Wm. G. Boatright, of Kansas City, Mo.; Helmer Hansen, of
Chicago, Ill.; Harry George Fins, of Chicago, Ill.; Joseph First, of
Philadelphia, Pa.; William H. K. Davey, of New York City; Albert
W. Froehde, of Chicago, Ill.; John G. Clancy, of New York City;
Samuel Lloyd, of New York City; William Barclay Lex, of Phila-
delphia, Pa.; May T. Peacock, of Philadelphia, Pa.; Mordecai
Konowitz, of New York City; and Dona Benjamin Heil, of Spokane,
Wash., were admitted to practice.
The Honorable Robert H. Jackson, of New York, Solicitor Gen-
eral of the United States, was presented by Mr. Assistant Attorney
General Morris, and it was ordered that his commission be recorded.
No. 374. Ticonic National Bank, Peoples-Ticonic National Bank
et al., petitioners, v. Lottie F. Sprague and Margaret Davis Sprague.
On writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals
for the First Circuit. Decree affirmed with costs and cause remanded
to the District Court of the United States for the District of Maine.
Opinion by Mr. Justice Reed. Mr. Justice Cardozo took no part in
the consideration or decision of this case.
No. 324. Guy T. Helvering, Commissioner of Internal Revenue,
petitioner, v. Charles E. Mitchell. On writ of certiorari to the United
States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit. Judgment
reversed and cause remanded to the said Circuit Court of Appeals
for further proceedings in conformity with the opinion of this Court.
Opinion by Mr. Justice Brandeis. Dissenting: Mr. Justice Mc-
Reynolds. Mr. Justice Cardozo and Mr. Justice Reed took no part
in the consideration or decision of this case.
No. 387. Guy T. Helvering, Commissioner of Internal Revenue,
petitioner, v. Bankline Oil Company; and
19746-38-67

MONDAY, MARCH 7, 1938
189
No. 388. Bankline Oil Company, petitioner, v. Commissioner of
Internal Revenue. On writs of certiorari to the United States Cir-
cuit Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit. In No. 387 the judg-
ment of the Circuit Court of Appeals is reversed and that of the
Board of Tax Appeals affirmed and the cause is remanded to the
Circuit Court of Appeals for further proceedings in conformity with
the opinion of this Court. In No. 388 the judgment of the Circuit
Court of Appeals is affirmed, and the cause is remanded to that court.
Opinion by Mr. Chief Justice Hughes. Mr. Justice McReynolds and
Mr. Justice Butler concur in the result. Mr. Justice Cardozo and
Mr. Justice Reed took no part in the consideration and decision of
these cases.
No. 406. Guy T. Helvering, Commissioner of Internal Revenue,
petitioner, v. Thomas A. O'Donnell. On writ of certiorari to the
United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit.
Judgment reversed and cause remanded to the said Circuit Court of
Appeals for further proceedings in conformity with the opinion of
this Court. Opinion by Mr. Chief Justice Hughes. Mr. Justice Car-
dozo and Mr. Justice Reed took no part in the consideration and deci-
sion of this case.
No. 446. Guy T. Helvering, Commissioner of Internal Revenue,
petitioner, v. Elbe Oil Land Development Company. On writ of
certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the
Ninth Circuit. Judgment reversed and cause remanded to the said
Circuit Court of Appeals for further proceedings in conformity with
the opinion of this Court. Opinion by Mr. Chief Justice Hughes.
Mr. Justice Cardozo and Mr. Justice Reed took no part in the con-
sideration and decision of this case.
No. 600. Guy T. Helvering, Commissioner of Internal Revenue,
petitioner, v. Mountain Producers Corporation. On writ of cer-
tiorari to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Tenth
Circuit. Judgment reversed and cause remanded to the said Circuit
Court of Appeals for further proceedings in conformity with the
opinion of this Court. Opinion by Mr. Chief Justice Hughes. Dis-
senting opinion by Mr. Justice Butler, in which Mr. Justice McRey-
nolds concurs. Mr. Justice Cardozo and Mr. Justice Reed took no
part in the consideration and decision of this case.
The Chief Justice announced the following orders of the Court:
No. 753. John E. Groves and Mary E. Stanton, appellants, v.
Board of Education of the City of Chicago. Appeal from the Su-
preme Court of the State of Illinois. Per curiam: The motion of the
appellee to dismiss the appeal is granted and the appeal is dismissed

MONDAY, MARCH 7, 1938
190
(1) for the want of a final judgment, Bostwick v. Brinkerhoff, 106
U. S. 3; Cotton v. Hawaii, 211 U. S. 162, 170; Georgia Ry. Co. v.
Decatur, 262 U. S. 432, 437; (2) for the want of a substantial federal
question, Phelps v. Board of Education, 300 U. S. 319; Dodge v.
Board of Education, 302 U. S. 74.
No. 778. Sidney S. Adler et al., appellants, v. The City of Cin-
cinnati, Henry Urner, as Auditor, etc., et al. Appeal from the Su-
preme Court of the State of Ohio. Per curiam: The motion of the
appellees to dismiss the appeal is granted and the appeal is dismissed
for the want of a substantial federal question. Bellingham Bay, etc.,
Co. v. New Whatcom, 172 U. S. 314, 320; Ballard v. Hunter, 204 U. S.
241, 262; North Laramie Land Co. v. Hoffman, 268 U. S. 276, 283;
Witzelberg v. City of Cincinnati, 302 U. S. — (decided October 11,
1937).
No. 366. The Kansas Farmers Union Royalty Company and the
Flag Oil Company, appellants, v. Ira Shaffer, Executor, and Ira
Shaffer and Ferrol Fairchild, Devisees, etc. Appeal from the Su-
preme Court of the State of Kansas. Per curiam: As it appears,
after hearing argument, that there is no properly presented federal
question, the motion of the appellants to reinstate the case for further
consideration is denied and the appeal is dismissed. Clarke v.
McDade, 165 U. S. 168, 172; Chesapeake & Ohio Ry. Co. v. McDonald,
214 U. S. 191, 193; Hiawassee Power Co. v. Carolina-Tenn. Co., 252
U. S. 341, 343; Witzelberg v. City of Cincinnati, 302 U. S. - (decided
October 11, 1937).
No. 427. Eugene Szold, appellant, v. Outlet Embroidery Supply
Co., Inc. Appeal from the Supreme Court of the State of New
York. Per curiam: As it appears, after hearing argument, that no
substantial federal question is involved, the appeal is dismissed.
(1) Dent v. West Virginia, 129 U. S. 114, 122, 123; Watson v. Mary-
land, 218 U. S. 173, 176, 177; Semler v. Dental Examiners, 294 U. S.
608, 611, 612; (2) Second Employers' Liability Cases, 223 U. S. 1,
52; New York Central R. R. Co. v. White, 243 U. S. 188, 207; (3)
Liebermann v. Van De Carr, 199 U. S. 552, 562; Douglas v. Noble,
261 U. S. 165, 168, 169; Highland Farms Dairy v. Agnew, 300 U. S.
608, 612.
The Chief Justice said:
"The other orders of the Court appear upon the list certified by the
Chief Justice and filed with the Clerk and will not be announced
orally."
No. . In the matter of C. L. Kagey. Its appearing to the Court
that C. L. Kagey, a member of the Bar of this Court, had failed to

MONDAY, MARCH 7, 1938
191
answer or respond to five letters sent him by the Clerk of this Court
under dates of October 15, 1937, November 23, 1937, December 3,
1937, December 18, 1937, and January 29, 1938, with respect to a
deposit for the payment of costs in the case of Keach v. McDonald,
No. 510, October Term, 1937; and a rule having issued February
7, 1938, directing him to show cause why he should not be disbarred
from the practice of the law in this Court for conduct unbecoming
a member of the Bar of this Court; and C. L. Kagey having made
return to the rule, apologizing for his neglect,
It is ordered that the respondent, C. L. Kagey, be, and he is
hereby, reprimanded for unjustified failure in a duty owed by him
as a member of the Bar of this Court to respond to communications
addressed to him by the Clerk of this Court pertaining to the
business of this Court;
And it is further ordered that the rule to show cause aforesaid
be, and it is hereby, discharged.
No., original. Ex parte Howard Lee, petitioner. The motion for
leave to file a petition for writ of habeas corpus is denied without
prejudice to appropriate application for review of the judgment of
the Supreme Court of the State of California on writ of certiorari
or appeal. Urquhart v. Brown, 205 U. S. 179, 182, 183.
No. 687. Edson M. Walker, petitioner, v. The United States of
America;
No. 688. John H. Drummond, petitioner, v. The United States of
America;
No. 689. John A. Luteran, petitioner, v. The United States of
America;
No. 690. Frank H. Adams, petitioner, v. The United States of
America;
No. 691. Lorne E. Wells, petitioner, v. The United States of
America;
No. 692. Joe R. Wells, Jr., petitioner, v. The United States of
America;
No. 693. Leo B. Roach, petitioner, v. The United States of
America;
No. 694. John T. Little, petitioner, v. The United States of
America;
No. 695. Gilbert Stevens, petitioner, v. The United States of
America;
No. 696. Forest C. Holman, petitioner, v. The United States of
America;
No. 697. George Neeper, petitioner, v. The United States of
America; and
No. 698. Frank Ditsch, petitioner, v. The United States of Amer-
ica. The motion to withhold orders denying petition for writs of

MONDAY, MARCH 7, 1938
192
certiorari pending the filing and decision of a petition for rehearing
is granted.
No. 719. Phillip John Pratt, petitioner, v. The United States of
America. The motion to withhold order denying petition for writ
of certiorari is denied.
No. 798. The Denver Union Stock Yard Company, appellant, v.
The United States of America and Secretary of Agriculture; and
No. 801. International Ladies' Garment Workers' Union, etc., et al.,
appellants, v. Donnelly Garment Company et al. In these cases
probable jurisdiction is noted.
No. 746. Robert A. Taft, Executor, etc., petitioner, v. Commis-
sioner of Internal Revenue. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Sixth Circuit granted.
No. 756. Federal Trade Commission, petitioner, v. The Goodyear
Tire & Rubber Company. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Sixth Circuit
granted. Mr. Justice Stone and Mr. Justice Reed took no part in
the consideration or decision of this application.
No. 737. Harold D. Klipstein, Trustee of Dearborn Manufacturing
Corp., bankrupt, petitioner, v. William Davidowicz, Elmer F.
Andrews, et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States.
Circuit Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit denied.
No. 741. Louis H. Pink, Superintendent of Insurance of the State
of New York, petitioner, v. S. Wallace Dempsey; and
No. 767. S. Wallace Dempsey, petitioner, v. Louis H. Pink, Super-
intendent of Insurance of the State of New York. Petitions for
writs of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals
for the Second Circuit denied.
No. 742. Union Stock Yards Company, Inc., petitioner, v. T. G.
Inghram, doing business as T. G. Inghram & Son et al. Petition for
writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of the State of Nebraska
denied.
No. 747. David Rabinovitz, petitioner, v. Charles T. Oughton,
Trustee, etc. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Cir-
cuit Court of Appeals for the Third Circuit denied.
No. 750. Reginald E. Phillips, an insane person, by the Trust Com-
pany of Chicago, his conservator, petitioner, v. The United States of
America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Cir-
cuit Court of Appeals for the Seventh Circuit denied.
No. 751. The Nashville, Chattanooga & St. Louis Railway, peti-
tioner, v. Railway Employees' Department of the American Federa-
tion of Labor, etc., et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United
States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Sixth Circuit denied.

MONDAY, MARCH 7, 1938
193
No. 754. Leo Awotin, petitioner, v. Daniel M. Healy, Individually
and as Liquidator of the Atlas Exchange National Bank of Chicago,
et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit
Court of Appeals for the Seventh Circuit denied.
No. 755. Jean Annett, petitioner, v. The New York, New Haven
and Hartford Railroad Company. Petition for writ of certiorari to
the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit
denied.
No. 433. Ned R. Harman, petitioner, v. Commissioner of Internal
Revenue. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Cir-
cuit Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit denied.
ORDER
The Court will take a recess from Monday, March 14, until Mon-
day, March 28, next.
No.,
original. State of Oklahoma, upon the relation of Howard
C. Johnson, plaintiff, v. R. M. Cook. Return to rule to show cause
presented.
No. 453. General Electric Company, petitioner, v. Wabash Ap-
pliance Corporation et al. Argument continued by Mr. Samuel E.
Darby, Jr., for the respondent and concluded by Mr. Merrell E. Clark
for the petitioner.
No. 536. Santa Cruz Fruit Packing Company, petitioner, v.
National Labor Relations Board. Argued by Mr. J. Paul St. Sure
for the petitioner and by Mr. Charles Fahy for the respondent.
No. 455. Frederick S. Deitrick, Receiver, etc., et al., petitioners, v.
Standard Surety & Casualty Co. of New York. Argument com-
menced by Mr. George P. Barse for the petitioner and continued by
Mr. Frederic H. Chase and by Mr. Raymond P. Baldwin for the
respondent.
Adjourned until tomorrow at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Tuesday, March 8, will be as follows: Nos. 455,
144 (and 145), 123 (and 124), 558, 633, 563, 594, 596, 608, and
581.
Х

TUESDAY, MARCH 8, 1938
194
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present The Chief Justice, Mr. Justice McReynolds, Mr. Justice
Brandeis, Mr. Justice Butler, Mr. Justice Stone, Mr. Justice Roberts,
Mr. Justice Black, and Mr. Justice Reed.
William George Gardiner, of St. Petersburg, Fla.; Herman Oli-
phant, of New York City; Ira C. Rothgerber, of Denver, Colo.;
Gessner T. McCorvey, of Mobile, Ala.; Philip Sheridan McNally, of
New York City; Fenelon Boesche, of Tulsa, Okla.; Abraham E.
Freedman, of Philadelphia, Pa.; Elmer E. Metz, of Lansing, Mich.;
and George C. Brown, of Grand Rapids, Mich., were admitted to
practice.
No. 455. Frederick S. Deitrick, Receiver, etc., et al., petitioners,
v. Standard Surety & Casualty Co. of New York. Argument con-
tinued by Mr. Raymond P. Baldwin for the respondent and concluded
by Mr. Robert S. Goodwin for the petitioners.
No. 144. D. B. Heiner, Individually and as Former Collector of
Internal Revenue, etc., petitioner, v. Paul Mellon et al., Executors,
etc.; and
No. 145. D. B. Heiner, Individually and as Former Collector of
Internal Revenue. etc., petitioner, ». Jennie King Mellon et al., etc.
Argued by Mr. Assistant Solicitor General Bell for the petitioner and
by Mr. John G. Frazer for the respondents.
No. 123. Harvey S. Adams, Receiver, etc., petitioner, v. Geneva M.
Nagle et al.; and
No. 124. Harvey S. Adams, Receiver, etc., petitioner, v. J. Edwin
Tobias et al. Reargument commenced by Mr. Charles E. Wainright
for the petitioner and continued by Mr. Lemuel B. Scofield for the
respondents.
Adjourned until tomorrow at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Wednesday, March 9, will be as follows: Nos.
123 (and 124), 558, 633, 563, 594, 596, 608, 581, 647, and 641.
19746-38--68
☑

WEDNESDAY, MARCH 9, 1938
195
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: The Chief Justice, Mr. Justice McReynolds, Mr. Justice
Brandeis, Mr. Justice Butler, Mr. Justice Stone, Mr. Justice Roberts,
Mr. Justice Black, and Mr. Justice Reed.
Michael S. McPhillips, of New York City; Raymond R. Tanner,
of Winchester, Ind.; Lloyd R. Koenig, of St. Louis, Mo.; Robert M.
Fenton, of Washington, D. C.; John E. Evans, Sr., of Pittsburgh,
Pa.; F. Mizell Wilson, of New York City; Carol Clement Johnson,
of New York City; and Orlo R. Deahl, of South Bend, Ind.; were
admitted to practice.
No. 123. Harvey S. Adams, Receiver, etc., petitioner, v. Geneva
M. Nagle et al.; and
No. 124. Harvey S. Adams, Receiver, etc., petitioner, v. J. Edwin
Tobias et al. Reargument continued by Mr. L. B. Schofield for the
respondents and concluded by Mr. George P. Barse for the petitioner.
No. 558. Edith Huggard Sharp et al., petitioners, v. Commissioner
of Internal Revenue. Argued by Mr. William Barclay Lex for the
petitioners and by Mr. A. F. Prescott for the respondent.
No. 633. Millar Brainard, petitioner, v. Commissioner of Internal
Revenue. Argued by Mr. John E. Hughes for the petitioner and
by Mr. A. F. Prescott for the respondent.
No. 563. The United States of America, petitioner, v. L. Manuel
Hendler, as Transferee of Creameries, Inc., etc. Argued by Mr. J.
Louis Monarch for the petitioner and by Mr. William R. Semans and
Mr. Randolph Barton, Jr., for the respondent.
No. 594. Calmar Steamship Corporation, petitioner, v. Charles W.
Taylor. Argued by Mr. Frank A. Bull for the petitioner and by
Mr. Abraham E. Freedman for the respondent.
Adjourned until tomorrow at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Thursday, March 10, will be as follows: Nos.
596, 608, 581, and 647.
19746-38-69

THURSDAY, MARCH 10, 1938
196
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: The Chief Justice, Mr. Justice McReynolds, Mr. Justice
Brandeis, Mr. Justice Butler, Mr. Justice Stone, Mr. Justice Roberts,
Mr. Justice Black, and Mr. Justice Reed.
John G. Ross, of Boston, Mass.; and Peter C. Luginbuhl, of Bluff-
ton, Ohio, were admitted to practice.
No. 633. Millar Brainard, petitioner, v. Commissioner of Internal
Revenue. Motion to dismiss submitted by Mr. John E. Hughes for
the petitioner in support of the motion, and by Mr. A. F. Prescott
for the respondent in opposition thereto.
-
,
No. original. The State of Oklahoma, upon the relation of
Howard C. Johnson, Bank Commissioner, plaintiff, v. R. M. Cook.
Motion for leave to file reply to return to rule to show cause sub-
mitted by Mr. Francis C. Brown for the plaintiff.
No. 596. John G. Ruhlin et al., petitioners, v. New York Life Insur-
ance Company. Argued by Mr. Charles H. Sachs for the petitioners
and by Mr. William H. Eckert for the respondent.
No. 608. Lincoln Engineering Company of Illinois, petitioner, v.
Stewart-Warner Corporation. Argued by Mr. Leonard L. Kalish
for the petitioner and by Mr. Lynn A. Williams for the respondent.
No. 581. Fred O. Morgan, doing business as Fred O. Morgan Sheep
Commission Company, et al., appellants, v. The United States of
America. Argument commenced by Mr. Frederick H. Wood for the
appellants.
Adjourned until tomorrow at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Friday, March 11, will be as follows: Nos. 581
and 647.
19746-38-70
Х

FRIDAY, MARCH 11, 1938
197
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: The Chief Justice, Mr. Justice McReynolds, Mr. Justice
Brandeis, Mr. Justice Butler, Mr. Justice Stone, Mr. Justice Roberts,
Mr. Justice Black, and Mr. Justice Reed.
James Cicero Wilson, of Bethany, Mo.; Paul A. Mueller, of Lan-
caster, Pa.; Myron D. Alexander, of Chicago, Ill.; Walter Hanstein,
of Atlantic City, N. J.; Harry Saidman, of Washington, D. C.;
George D. Sullivan, of Washington, D. C.; J. Ninian Beall, of
Washington, D. C.; and Wm. B. Woods, of Cleveland, Ohio, were
admitted to practice.
No. 581. Fred O. Morgan, doing business as Fred O. Morgan
Sheep Commission Company et al., appellants, v. The United States
of America et al. Argument continued by Mr. Frederick H. Wood
for the appellants; by Mr. Solicitor General Jackson and Mr. Wen-
dell Berge for the appellees; and concluded by Mr. John B. Gage for
the appellants.
No. 647. Bates Manufacturing Company, petitioner, v. The United
States of America. Argued by Mr. Charles B. Rugg for the peti-
tioner and by Mr. Norman D. Keller for the respondent.
Adjourned until Monday, March 14, next, at 12 o'clock.
☑
19746-38-71

MONDAY, MARCH 14, 1938
198
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: The Chief Justice, Mr. Justice Brandeis, Mr. Justice
Butler, Mr. Justice Stone, Mr. Justice Roberts, Mr. Justice Black,
and Mr. Justice Reed.
Shelby Fitze, of Houston, Tex.; James Theodore Moses, of North
Tonawanda, N. Y.; Alan W. Davidson, of Oakland, Calif.; William
L. Beers, of New Haven, Conn.; B. P. Harrison, of Winchester, Va.;
and Chester Bordeau, of New York City, were admitted to practice.
No. 499. The United States of America, petitioner, v. Robert K.
Wurts. On writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of
Appeals for the Third Circuit. Judgment reversed and cause
remanded to the District Court of the United States for the Eastern
District of Pennsylvania for further proceedings in conformity with
the opinion of this Court. Opinion by Mr. Justice Black. Mr.
Justice Cardozo and Mr. Justice Reed took no part in the considera-
tion or decision of this case.
The Chief Justice announced the following orders of the Court:
No. 817. Kansas Gas and Electric Company, appellant, v. City of
McPherson, Kansas, and E. C. Crary, Mayor, et al. Appeal from
the Supreme Court of the State of Kansas. Per curiam: The motion
of the appellees to dismiss the appeal is granted and the appeal is
dismissed for the want of a substantial federal question. Springfield
Gas Co. v. Springfield, 257 U. S. 66; Puget Sound Co. v. Seattle,
291 U. S. 619, 624, 625.
No. 822. John Hering and Ella Hering, Individually, etc., ap-
pellants, v. State Board of Education of the State of New Jersey.
Appeal from the Court of Errors and Appeals of the State of New
Jersey. Per curiam: The appeal is dismissed for the want of a
substantial federal question. Hamilton v. Regents, 293 U. S. 245,
261, 262; Coale v. Pearson, 290 U. S. 597; Leoles v. Landers,
U. S. (decided December 13, 1937).
-
--
No. 558. Edith Huggard Sharp, Charles C. Norris, Jr., et al., peti-
tioners, v. Commissioner of Internal Revenue. On writ of certio-
rari to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Third
Circuit. Per curiam: The judgment is reversed. Freuler v. Hel-
vering, 291 U. S. 35, 43, 45; Blair v. Commissioner, 300 U. S. 5, 9, 10.
19746-38-72

MONDAY, MARCH 14, 1938
The Chief Justice said:
199
"The other orders of the Court appear upon the list certified by
the Chief Justice and filed with the clerk and will not be announced
orally."
No. -, original. Ex parte Jesse C. Duke, petitioner ;
No. -, original. Ex parte Nat J. Humphries, petitioner. The
motions for leave to file petitions for writs of habeas corpus are
denied.
No. -, original. State of Oklahoma, upon the relation of How-
ard C. Johnson, Bank Commissioner, plaintiff, v. R. M. Cook. Leave
granted plaintiff to file a reply to the return to the rule to show
cause on or before Friday, March 25, next.
No. 633. Millar Brainard, petitioner, v. Commissioner of Internal
Revenue. On writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court
of Appeals for the Seventh Circuit. Dismissed on motion of coun-
sel for the petitioner.
No. 313. Lone Star Gas Company, appellant, v. State of Texas
et al. The motion of the appellees to dismiss is denied.
No. 827. James Dowling, petitioner, v. The Western Union Tele-
graph Company. On petition for writ of certiorari to the United
States Circuit Court of Appeals for the First Circuit. The motion
for leave to proceed further herein in forma pauperis is denied for
the reason that the Court, upon examination of the papers herein
submitted, finds no ground upon which a writ of certiorari should
be issued. The petition for writ of certiorari is therefore also
denied.
No. 773. Aetna Insurance Company, petitioner, v. United Fruit
Company;
No. 774. Union Marine & General Insurance Company, Ltd., peti-
tioner, v. United Fruit Company; and
No. 775. Boston Insurance Company, petitioner, v. United Fruit
Company. Petition for writs of certiorari to the United States Cir-
cuit Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit granted.
No. 726. John G. Murphy, petitioner, v. Fred G. Zerbst, Warden,
United States Penitentiary. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 740. International Manufacturers Sales Company of America,
Inc., A. S. Postnikoff, Trustee, petitioner, v. The United States. Peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the Court of Claims denied.
No. 744. State of Washington by William H. Pemberton, Super-
visor, etc., petitioner, v. Anges A. McGrath, as the executrix of the
estate of William A. McGrath, Deceased. Petition for writ of cer-
tiorari to the Supreme Court of the State of Washington denied.

MONDAY, MARCH 14, 1938
200
No. 752. Atlantic Coast Line Railroad Company, petitioner, v.
Thomas M. Batton. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme
Court of the State of North Carolina denied.
No. 758. Alphonse Capone, petitioner, v. The United States of
America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Cir-
cuit Court of Appeals for the Seventh Circuit denied.
No. 759. Leon Richard Smith, etc., et al., petitioners, v. The United
States of America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United
States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit denied.
No. 763. London & Provincial Marine & General Insurance Com-
pany, Ltd., petitioner, v. Kentucky Macaroni Company; and
No. 764. Royal Insurance Company, Ltd., petitioner, v. Kentucky
Macaroni Company. Petition for writs of certiorari to the United
States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Sixth Circuit denied.
No. 765. Salt Lake County, petitioner, v. Utah Copper Company.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of
Appeals for the Tenth Circuit denied.
No. 766. Milton A. Stein, Trustee in Bankruptcy, etc., petitioner,
v. Morris Leibowitt, Bankrupt and Prudential Insurance Company
of America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Circuit Court of Appeals for the Third Circuit denied.
No. 776. Ella Pickett, petitioner, v. Louis G. Trixler, Receiver, etc.,
et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit
Court of Appeals for the Seventh Circuit denied.
No. 793. Marshall County Bank, petitioner, v. Mary K. Crowther.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Appeals of
the State of West Virgina denied.
No. 794. St. Paul Fire & Marine Insurance Company, petitioner,
v. Kaufman Compress Company. Petition for writ of certiorari to
the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit
denied.
No. 795. American Concrete Expansion Joint Company et al., peti-
tioners, v. Highway Appliances Company. Petition for writ of cer-
tiorari to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Seventh
Circuit denied.
No. 804. George P. Livermore, petitioner, v. Mandeville & Thomp-
son, Inc. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit
Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 819. Robert Gage and William Elliott, as Receivers, etc., peti-
tioners, v. Roy E. Leonard, as Receiver, etc., et al. Petition for writ
of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the
Fourth Circuit denied.

MONDAY, MARCH 14, 1938
201
No. 13. United Gas Public Service Company, appellant, v. State
of Texas, Mrs. Miriam A. Ferguson, Former Governor of Texas, et al.
It is ordered that the opinion in this cause be amended by striking
out the period after the words "and return" in line 3, on page 14, and
inserting the words "for the period to which the evidence before the
Court appropriately related and not simply for the years 1932 and
1933."
The petition for rehearing is denied.
No. 161. South Carolina State Highway Department et al., ap-
pellants, v. Barnwell Brothers, Inc., et al. It is ordered that the
opinion in this cause be amended by substituting for the words "But
as the district court held," in the last sentence of the last full para-
graph on page 4 of the opinion, the following words: “But appellees
do not challenge here the ruling of the district court that."
The petition for rehearing is denied.
No. 712. Wabash Appliance Corporation et al., petitioners, v.
General Electric Company;
No. 469. Laura G. Foster, as Executrix, etc., petitioner, v. Com-
missioner of Internal Revenue;
No. 674. The Schriber-Schroth Company, petitioner, v. The Cleve-
land Trust Company, Chrysler Corporation;-
No. 675. The Aberdeen Motor Supply Company, petitioner, v.
The Cleveland Trust Company, Chrysler Corporation; and
No. 676. The F. E. Rowe Sales Company, petitioner, v. The Cleve-
land Trust Company, Chrysler Corporation. Petitions for rehear-
ing denied.
ORDER
In view of pending legislation General Order No. LIII in Bank-
ruptcy is hereby suspended until further order of the Court.
No. , original. Ex parte Albert R. House, petitioner. Return
to the rule to show cause presented.
Adjourned until Monday, March 28, next, at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Monday, March 28, will be as follows: Nos.
313, 566, 680, 514 (and 530), 638, 641, 645, 668, 707, and 699.
☑

MONDAY, MARCH 28, 1938
202
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: The Chief Justice, Mr. Justice McReynolds, Mr. Justice
Brandeis, Mr. Justice Butler, Mr. Justice Stone, Mr. Justice Roberts,
Mr. Justice Black, and Mr. Justice Reed.
A. J. Stevenson, of Indianapolis, Ind.; Ralph M. Carson, of New
York City; G. Campbell Becket, of Salisbury, Conn.; Fred S.
Weitzner, of New York City; Henry Lichtig, of New York City;
John Basil Preston, of Springfield, Tenn.; Wm. L. Holloway, of
San Francisco, Calif.; John A. Sullivan, of New York City; Harold
W. Conroy, of New York City; Guy Knupp, of Los Angeles, Calif.;
Warner W. Gardner, of New York City; and Allen W. Dulles, of
New York City, were admitted to practice.
No. 435. New York Rapid Transit Corporation, appellant, v. The
City of New York; and
No. 436. Brooklyn and Queens Transit Corporation, appellant, v.
The City of New York. Appeals from the Supreme Court of the
State of New York. Judgments affirmed with costs. Opinion by
Mr. Justice Reed. Mr. Justice Cardozo took no part in the consid-
eration or decision of these cases.
No. 563. The United States of America, petitioner, v. L. Manuel
Hendler, as Transferee of Creameries, Inc., etc. On writ of certiorari
to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Fourth Cir-
cuit. Judgment reversed and case remanded to the District Court
of the United States for the District of Maryland for further pro-
ceedings in conformity with the opinion of this Court. Opinion by
Mr. Justice Black. Mr. Justice Cardozo and Mr. Justice Reed took
no part in the consideration or decision of this case.
No. 647. Bates Manufacturing Company, petitioner, v. The United
States of America. On writ of certiorari to the United States Cir-
cuit Court of Appeals for the First Circuit. Judgment reversed and
cause remanded to the District Court of the United States for the Dis-
trict of Massachusetts for further proceedings in conformity with
the opinion of this Court. Opinion by Mr. Justice Black. Mr.
Justice Cardozo and Mr. Justice Reed took no part in the considera--
tion or decision of this case.
19746-38-73

MONDAY, MARCH 28, 1938
203
No. 123. Harvey S. Adams, Receiver, Penn National Bank and
Trust Company of Reading, Pennsylvania, petitioner, v. Geneva M.
Nagle, Ralph S. Hill, et al.; and
No. 124. Harvey S. Adams, Receiver, Reading National Bank and
Trust Company of Reading, Pennsylvania, petitioner, v. J. Edwin
Tobias, Ralph S. Hill, et al. On writs of certiorari to the United
States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Third Circuit. Decrees re-
versed with costs and cases remanded to the District Court of the
United States for the Eastern District of Pennsylvania with instruc-
tions to dismiss the bills of complaint. Opinion by Mr. Justice
Roberts. Mr. Justice Cardozo took no part in the consideration or
decision of this case.
No. 608. Lincoln Engineering Company of Illinois, petitioner, v.
Stewart-Warner Corporation. On writ of certiorari to the United
States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Seventh Circuit. Decree
reversed with costs and cause remanded to the District Court of the
United States for the Northern District of Illinois for further pro-
ceedings in conformity with the opinion of this Court. Opinion by
Mr. Justice Roberts. The Chief Justice and Mr. Justice Cardozo
took no part in the consideration or decision of this case.
No. 511. The New Negro Alliance et al., petitioners, v. Sanitary
Grocery Co., Inc. On writ of certiorari to the United States Court
of Appeals for the District of Columbia. Decree reversed with costs
and cause remanded to the District Court of the United States for
the District of Columbia for further proceedings in conformity with
the opinion of this Court. Opinion by Mr. Justice Roberts. Mr.
Justice Cardozo took no part in the consideration or decision of this
case. Dissenting opinion by Mr. Justice McReynolds in which Mr.
Justice Butler joins.
No. 301. Guaranty Trust Company of New York, Executor, Es-
tate of Lamar L. Fleming, deceased, petitioner, v. Commissioner of
Internal Revenue. On writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit
Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit. Judgment affirmed and
cause remanded to the said Circuit Court of Appeals. Opinion by
Mr. Justice Stone. Dissenting: Mr. Justice McReynolds and Mr.
Justice Roberts. Mr. Justice Cardozo and Mr. Justice Reed took
no part in the consideration or decision of this case.
No. 487. The United States of America, petitioner, v. James E.
O'Donnell et al. On writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit.
Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit. Judgment reversed and
cause remanded to the District Court of the United States for the
Northern District of California for further proceedings in conformity
with the opinion of this Court. Opinion by Mr. Justice Stone. Mr.

MONDAY, MARCH 28, 1938
204
Justice Cardozo and Mr. Justice Reed took no part in the considera-
tion or decision of this case.
No. 594. Calmar Steamship Corporation, petitioner, v. Charles
W. Taylor. On writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court
of Appeals for the Third Circuit. Judgment reversed with costs and
cause remanded to the District Court of the United States for the
Eastern District of Pennsylvania for further proceedings in con-
formity with the opinion of this Court, and without prejudice to any
later suit by respondent to recover maintenance and cure to which
he may then be entitled. Opinion by Mr. Justice Stone. Dissent-
ing: Mr. Justice Black. Mr. Justice Cardozo took no part in the
consideration or decision of this case.
No. 455. Frederick S. Deitrick, Receiver of the Boston-Continental
National Bank, et al., petitioners, v. Standard Surety & Casualty Co.
of New York. On writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit
Court of Appeals for the First Circuit. Judgment affirmed with
costs and cause remanded to the District Court of the United States
for the District of Massachusetts. Opinion by Mr. Justice McRey-
nolds. Mr. Justice Cardozo took no part in the consideration or deci-
sion of this case. Dissenting opinion by Mr. Justice Black in which
Mr. Justice Reed concurs.
No. 519. State Farm Mutual Automobile Insurance Company,
petitioner, v. James D. Coughran. On writ of certiorari to the
United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit.
Judgment reversed with costs and cause remanded to the Dis-
trict Court of the United States for the Southern District of Cali-
fornia with instructions to enter judgment for the Insurance Com-
pany. Opinion by Mr. Justice McReynolds. Mr. Justice Cardozo
took no part in the consideration or decision of this case.
No. 636. Electric Bond and Share Company et al., petitioners, v.
Securities and Exchange Commission et al. On writ of certiorari to
the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit.
Decree affirmed and cause remanded to the District Court of the
United States for the Southern District of New York. Opinion by
Mr. Chief Justice Hughes. Dissenting Mr. Justice McReynolds.
Mr. Justice Cardozo and Mr. Justice Reed took no part in the con-
sideration and decision of this case.
No. 391. Alma Lovell, appellant, v. The City of Griffin. Appeal
from the Court of Appeals of the State of Georgia. Judgment
reversed with costs and cause remanded to the said Court of Appeals
for further proceedings not inconsistent with the opinion of this
Court. Opinion by Mr. Chief Justice Hughes. Mr. Justice Car-
dozo took no part in the consideration and decision of this case.

MONDAY, MARCH 28, 1938
205
No. 536. Santa Cruz Fruit Packing Company, petitioner, v. Na-
tional Labor Relations Board. On writ of certiorari to the United
States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit. Judgment
affirmed and cause remanded to the said Circuit Court of Appeals.
Opinion by Mr. Chief Justice Hughes. Mr. Justice Cardozo and
Mr. Justice Reed took no part in the consideration and decision of
this case. Dissenting opinion by Mr. Justice Butler in which Mr.
Justice McReynolds concurs.
The Chief Justice announced the following order of the Court:
No. 840. Edgar Brothers Company, appellant, v. State Revenue
Commission of Georgia et al. Appeal from the Supreme Court of the
State of Georgia. Per curiam: The motion of the appellees to dis-
miss the appeal is granted and the appeal is dismissed for the want
of a final judgment. California National Bank v. Stateler, 171 U. S.
447, 449; Haseltine v. Central Bank of Springfield (No. 1), 183
U. S. 130, 131; Bruce v. Tobin, 245 U. S. 18; Mississippi Central
R. Co. v. Smith, 295 U. S. 718.
The Chief Justice said:
"The other orders of the Court appear upon the list certified by
the Chief Justice and filed with the Clerk and will not be announced
orally."
No. 857. James Martin Kirkpatrick, petitioner, v. E. H. Hardt.
On petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court
of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit. Per curiam: The motion for leave
to proceed further herein in forma pauperis is denied for the
reason that the Court, upon examination of the papers herein sub-
mitted, finds that the application for writ of certiorari was not made
within the time provided by law. Act of February 13, 1925, sec. 8 (a)
(43 Stat. 936, 940). Finn v. Railroad Commission, 286 U. S. 559;
Cresswell &c. v. Tillinghast, 286 U. S. 560. The petition for writ
of certiorari is therefore also denied.
No., original, State of Oklahoma upon the relation of Howard
C. Johnson, Bank Commissioner, plaintiff, v. R. M. Cook. This case
is set for argument on the rule to show cause why leave to file the
complaint should not be granted and assigned for Monday, April 25,
next.
No. -, original. Ex parte Albert R. House, petitioner. The rule
to show cause herein is discharged and the motion for leave to file
petition for writ of habeas corpus is denied.
―.
No. The Silvershirt Legion of America, Inc., et al., petitioners,
v. The Committee on Education and Labor of the United States

MONDAY, MARCH 28, 1938
206
Senate et al. The application for preliminary injunction pending
application for writ of certiorari is denied.
No. 847. Allen Pope, petitioner, v. The United States. The mo-
tion to remand to the Court of Claims for further findings is denied.
No. 847. Allen Pope, petitioner, v. The United States. On peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the Court of Claims;
No. 853. E. R. Lindsey and Elbert B. Lindsey, petitioners, v.
State of Washington. On petition for writ of certiorari to the
Supreme Court of the State of Washington; and
No. 875. Thomas Jordon, petitioner, v. The United States of
America. On petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia. The motions for
leave to proceed further herein in forma pauperis are denied for the
reason that the Court, upon examination of the papers herein sub-
mitted, finds no ground upon which writs of certiorari should be
issued. The petitions for writs of certiorari are therefore also denied.
No. 796. Rolla W. Coleman, W. A. Barron, et al., petitioners, v.
Clarence W. Miller, as Secretary, etc., et al. Petition for writ of
certiorari to the Supreme Court of the State of Kansas granted.
No. 802. Great Northern Railway Company and George Pappas,
petitioners, v. George Leonidas. Petition for writ of certiorari to
the Supreme Court of the State of Montana granted.
No. 811. Guaranty Trust Company of New York, Executor, etc.,
petitioner, v. Commonwealth of Virginia. Petition for writ of cer-
tiorari to the Supreme Court of Appeals of the Commonwealth of
Virginia granted.
No. 814. George E. Valli, Angelo Bacchi, et al., petitioners, v. The
United States of America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the First Circuit granted.
No. 782. Fred G. Zerbst, Warden, etc., petitioner, v. Sherman
Kidwell;
No. 783. Fred G. Zerbst, Warden, etc., petitioner, v. Dewey Smith;
No. 784. Fred G. Zerbst, Warden, etc., petitioner, v. Allen Collins;
No. 785. Fred G. Zerbst, Warden, etc., petitioner, v. Walter Owens;
No. 786. Fred G. Zerbst, Warden, etc., petitioner, v. Frank Peel;
No. 787. Fred G. Zerbst, Warden, etc., petitioner, v. Bennie Jones;
No. 788. Fred G. Zerbst, Warden, etc., petitioner, v. Henry Stone;
No. 789. Fred G. Zerbst, Warden, etc., petitioner, v. Jeffie D.
Sullivan; Petition for writs of certiorari to the United States Circuit
Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit granted. Mr. Justice Reed
took no part in the consideration or decision of this application.
No. 678. People of the State of New York ex rel. Paul Kurzynski,

MONDAY, MARCH 28, 1938
207
petitioner, v. William Hunt, as Warden, etc. Petition for writ of
certiorari to the Supreme Court of the State of New York denied.
No. 797. Bankers Life Company, petitioner, v. City of Littlefield,
Texas, et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Cir-
cuit Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 800. Century Productions, Inc., Samuel Cummins, et al.,
petitioners, v. Frederick Beck Patterson. Petition for writ of cer-
tiorari to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Second
Circuit denied.
No. 803. Mechanical Manufacturing Company, petitioner, v. Mac-
Andrews & Forbes Company. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
Supreme Court of the State of Illinois denied.
No. 807. Wellborn Clark Phillips, petitioner, v. Tarrier Company
of Delaware. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Circuit Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 808. Missouri Broadcasting Corporation, petitioner, v. Fed-
eral Communications Commission et al. Petition for writ of cer-
tiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the District of
Columbia denied.
No. 806. Royal Insurance Company, Ltd., petitioner, v. Robert A.
Smith. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit
Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit denied.
No. 809. Joseph D. McGoldrick, Comptroller of the City of New
York, petitioner, v. The National Cash Register Company; and
No. 810. Joseph D. McGoldrick, Comptroller of the City of New
York, petitioner, v. West Publishing Company. Petitions for writs
of certiorari to the Supreme Court of the State of New York denied.
No. 812. Mercantile-Commerce Bank and Trust Company et al.,
petitioners, v. The Department of Financial Institutions of the State
of Indiana et al.; and
No. 813. Mercantile-Commerce Bank and Trust Company et al.,
petitioners, v. The Department of Financial Institutions of the State
of Indiana et al. Petition for writs of certiorari to the United States
Circuit Court of Appeals for the Seventh Circuit denied.
No. 816. Terminal Railroad Association of St. Louis, petitioner, v.
Anthony Mrazek. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme
Court of the State of Missouri denied.
No. 830. Roger Touhy, petitioner, v. Joseph E. Ragen, Warden,
Statesville Penitentiary. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Su-
preme Court of the State of Illinois denied.
No. 836. The East Ohio Gas Company, petitioner, v. City of Cleve-
land. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit
Court of Appeals for the Sixth Circuit denied.

MONDAY, MARCH 28, 1938
208
No. 790. Charles Paridy, petitioner, v. Caterpillar Tractor Com-
pany, Inc. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Cir-
cuit Court of Appeals for the Seventh Circuit denied. Mr. Justice
Butler took no part in the consideration or decision of this
application.
No. 599. Selden R. Glenn, Individually and as Collector, etc.,
petitioner, v. C. H. Smith. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Sixth Circuit de-
nied. Mr. Justice Reed took no part in the consideration or decision
of this application.
No. 434. October Term, 1936. Mrs. Inez Abel and Louise Abel,
petitioners, v. Ed Kennedy and Illinois Central Railroad Company;
No. 635. Henry T. Clarke, Trustee, petitioner, v. Chicago, Burling-
ton & Quincy Railroad Co.;
No. 687. Edson M. Walker, petitioner, v. The United States of
America;
No. 688. John H. Drummond, petitioner, v. The United States of
America;
No. 689. John A. Luteran, petitioner, v. The United States of
America;
No. 690. Frank H. Adams, petitioner, v. The United States of
America;
No. 691. Lorne E. Wells, petitioner, v. The United States of
America:
No. 692. Joe R. Wells, Jr., petitioner, v. The United States of
America;
No. 693. Leo B. Roach, petitioner, v. The United States of
America;
No. 694. John T. Little, petitioner, v. The United States of
America;
No. 695. Gilbert Stevens, petitioner, v. The United States of
America;
No. 696. Forest C. Holman, petitioner, v. The United States of
America;
No. 697. George Neeper, petitioner, v. The United States of
America;
No. 698. Frank Ditsch, petitioner, v. The United States of
America;
No. 791. George T. Simpson et al., petitioners, v. John A. Dyer
et al. Petitions for rehearing denied.

MONDAY, MARCH 28, 1938
209
No., original. Ex parte Mike J. Lindway, petitioner. Motion
for leave to file petition for writ of habeas corpus submitted by Mr.
Morris H. Wolf for the petitioner.
No. 566. Guaranty Trust Company of New York, petitioner, v.
The United States of America. Motion for leave to file brief of the
Association of American Creditors of Russia as amicus curiae sub-
mitted by Mr. Allen W. Dulles in that behalf and the motion denied.
No., original. Ex parte Hiram Steelman, Trustee, etc., petitioner.
Motion for leave to file petition for writ of mandamus submitted by
Mr. Wm. Elmer Brown, Jr., for the petitioner.
-
No. -, original. Ex parte Arthur Dean Richmond, petitioner.
Motion for leave to file petition for writ of certiorari submitted by
Mr. Elmer McClain, Mr. William Lemke, and Mr. Samuel E. Cook
for the petitioner.
No. 16, original. State of Missouri, complainant, v. State of Iowa
Answer of the defendant presented.
No. 841. Elizabeth E. Massey, petitioner, v. Farmers & Merchants
National Bank & Trust Company of Winchester, Virginia, et al.; and
No. 842. Elizabeth E. Massey, petitioner, v. Farmers & Merchants
National Bank & Trust Company of Winchester, Virginia, et al. On
petition for writs of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of
Appeals for the Fourth Circuit. Dismissed on motion of counsel
for the petitioner.
No. 313. Lone Star Gas Company, appellant, v. State of Texas,
The Railroad Commission of Texas, et al. Three hours allowed for
oral argument. Argument commenced by Mr. Charles L. Black for
the appellant; continued by Mr. Alfred M. Scott and Mr. Edward
H. Lange for the appellee; and concluded by Mr. Marshall Newcomb
for the appellant. Leave granted appellees to file additional brief
within five days.
No. 566. Guaranty Trust Company of New York, petitioner, v.
The United States of America. Three hours allowed for oral argu-
ment. Argument commenced by Mr. John W. Davis for the
petitioner.
Adjourned until tomorrow at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Tuesday, March 29, will be as follows: Nos. 566,
680, 514 (and 530), 638, 641, 645, 668, 707, 699, and 705.
☑

TUESDAY, MARCH 29, 1938
210
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: The Chief Justice, Mr. Justice McReynolds, Mr. Justice
Butler, Mr. Justice Stone, Mr. Justice Roberts, Mr. Justice Black, and
Mr. Justice Reed.
Jas. H. Beall, Jr., of Sweetwater, Tex.; Robert W. Newlon, of Colum-
bus, Ohio; Joseph J. Smith, Jr., of Meridian, Miss.; Harry L. Meyers,
of Detroit, Mich.; Albert Stump, of Indianapolis, Ind.; J. Thos.
Ward, of West College Corner, Ind.; Russell L. Snodgrass, of New
York City; Arthur Klein, of New Haven, Conn.; Wm. G. Maupin, of
Norfolk, Va.; Gilbert R. Johnson, of Cleveland, Ohio; William Ed-
ward Rhea, of St. Louis, Mo.; Norman A. Deveney, of Washington,
D. C.; Jerome G. Kaufman, of Washington, D. C.; and Warrack
Wallace, of Indianapolis, Ind., were admitted to practice.
No. 566. Guaranty Trust Company of New York, petitioner, v.
The United States of America. Argument continued by Mr. John W.
Davis for the petitioner; by Mr. Assistant Attorney General Whitaker
for the respondent; and concluded by Mr. John W. Davis for the
petitioner. Leave granted petitioner to file additional brief within
five days.
No. 680. Joe Hale, petitioner, v. Commonwealth of Kentucky.
Argued by Mr. Charles R. Houston and Mr. Leon A. Ransom for the
petitioner and by Mr. A. E. Funk for the respondent.
No. 514. The United States of America and Interstate Commerce
Commission, appellants, v. Pan American Petroleum Corporation et
al.; and
No. 530. The United States of America and Interstate Commerce
Commission, appellants, v. Humble Oil & Refining Company et al.
Argument commenced by Mr. Daniel W. Knowlton for the appellants.
Adjourned until tomorrow at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Wednesday, March 30, will be as follows: Nos.
514 (and 530), 638, 641, 645, 668, 707, 699, 705, 709 (and 710),
and 706.
19746-38-74

WEDNESDAY, MARCH 30, 1938
211
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: The Chief Justice, Mr. Justice McReynolds, Mr. Justice
Butler, Mr. Justice Stone, Mr. Justice Roberts, Mr. Justice Black,
and Mr. Justice Reed.
Richard G. Radue, of Washington, D. C.; Truman R. Young, of
San Francisco, Calif.; Allen Preweitt, of Frankfort, Ky.; and W. J.
Brennan, of Sistersville, W. Va., were admitted to practice.
No. 514. The United States of America and Interstate Commerce
Commission, appellants, v. Pan American Petroleum Corporation
et al.; and
No. 530. The United States of America and Interstate Commerce
Commission, appellants, v. Humble Oil & Refining Company et al.
Argument continued by Mr. Daniel W. Knowlton for the appellants;
by Mr. John S. Burchmore and Mr. Luther M. Walter for the ap-
pellees; and concluded by Mr. Daniel W. Knowlton for the appel-
lants...
No. 638. Baltimore and Ohio Railroad Company et al., appellants,
v. The United States of America et al. Argued by Mr. Leo P. Day for
the appellants; by Mr. J. Stanley Payne for the appellees, United
States and Interstate Commerce Commission; and by Mr. J. V.
Norman for appellee, Alabama Iron and Steel Shippers Conference;
and case submitted by Mr. William H. Swiggart, Mr. Charles Clark
and Mr. Elmer A. Smith for appellees, Cincinnati, New Orleans &
Texas Pacific Railway Co. et al.
No. 641. J. D. Adams Manufacturing Company, appellant, v.
William Storen, as Chief Administrative Officer of the Department
of Treasury for the State of Indiana. Argument commenced by Mr.
Frederick E. Matson for the appellant.
Adjourned until tomorrow at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Thursday, March 31, will be as follows: Nos.
641, 645, 668, 707, 699, 705, 709 (and 710), 706, 640, 715 (and
716).
19746-38. -75

THURSDAY, MARCH 31, 1938
212
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: The Chief Justice, Mr. Justice McReynolds, Mr. Justice
Butler, Mr. Justice Stone, Mr. Justice Roberts, Mr. Justice Black,
and Mr. Justice Reed.
Roy A. Rogers, of San Francisco, Calif.; Leo W. Cunningham,
of Washington, D. C.; Bertie E. Tubaugh, of Falls Church, Va.;
Roy L. Burge, of Washington, D. C.; Louis W. Myers, of Los An-
geles, Calif.; Homer I. Mitchell, of Los Angeles, Calif.; Ralph
Pierce, of West Falls Church, Va.; Arthur K. McMahan, of Albany,
Oreg.; Austin F. Flegel, Jr., of Portland, Oreg.; George G. Sadow-
ski, of Detroit, Mich.; Arthur A. Koscinski, of Detroit, Mich.;
Anthony A. McCarthy, of Dayton, Ohio; Roy Leslie Henry, of
Ironton, Ohio; Frank S. Ginocchio, of Lexington, Ky.; and William
Jacob Schoonover, of Pocahontas, Ark., were admitted to practice.
No. 641. J. D. Adams Manufacturing Company, appellant, v.
William Storen, as Chief Administrative Officer of the Department
of Treasury of the State of Indiana. Argument continued by Mr.
Frederick E. Matson and Mr. Harry T. Ice for the appellant; by
Mr. A. J. Stevenson for the appellees; and concluded by Mr. Joseph
P. McNamara for the appellees.
No. 645. Arkansas Louisiana Gas Company, appellant, v. De-
partment of Public Utilities, Thomas Fitzhugh, et al. Argued by
Mr. H. C. Walker, Jr., for the appellant and by Mr. Thomas Fitz-
hugh and Mr. John E. Benton for the appellees.
No. 668. The United States, petitioner, v. Shoshone Tribe of In-
dians of the Wind River Reservation in Wyoming. Four hours
allowed for oral argument. Argument commenced by Mr. Assistant
Attorney General McFarland for the petitioner.
Adjourned until tomorrow at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Friday, April 1, will be as follows: Nos. 668,
707, 699, 705, 709 (and 710), 706, 640, 715 (and 716), 723, and
757 (and 772).
19746-38-76
Х

FRIDAY, APRIL 1, 1938
213
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: The Chief Justice, Mr. Justice McReynolds, Mr. Justice
Butler, Mr. Justice Stone, Mr. Justice Roberts, Mr. Justice Black,
and Mr. Justice Reed.
William R. Lupton, of Lockport, N. Y.; W. Coburn Cook, of
Markleeville, Calif.; John Wendell Beveridge, of Borger, Tex.; Abra-
ham Chasanow, of Washington, D. C.; Robert Roberts, Jr., of
Shreveport, La.; Albert E. Conradis, of Washington, D. C.; and
John W. Cragun, of Washington, D. C., were admitted to practice.
No. 608. Lincoln Engineering Company of Illinois, petitioner, v.
Stewart-Warner Corporation. Motion that the mandate issue forth-
with and in the alternative to suspend the injunction or for leave to
apply to the District Court to suspend the injunction submitted by
Mr. Leonard L. Kalish for the petitioner.
No. 668. The United States, petitioner, v. Shoshone Tribe of In-
dians of the Wind River Reservation in Wyoming. Argument con-
tinued by Mr. Assistant Attorney General McFarland for the peti-
tioner; by Mr. George M. Tunison for the respondent; and concluded
by Mr. Albert W. Jefferis for the respondent.
No. 707. The United States, appellant, v. The Klamath and Moadoc
Tribes and Yahooskin Band of Snake Indians. Argument com-
menced by Mr. Assistant Attorney General McFarland for the appel-
lant.
Adjourned until Monday next at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Monday, April 4, will be Nos. 707, 699, 705,
709 (and 710), 706, 640, 715 (and 716), 723, 757 (and 772),
and 760.
19746-38-77

MONDAY, APRIL 4, 1938
214
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: The Chief Justice, Mr. Justice McReynolds, Mr. Justice
Brandeis, Mr. Justice Butler, Mr. Justice Stone, Mr. Justice Roberts,
Mr. Justice Black, and Mr. Justice Reed.
John Dale McNamar, of Newark, Ohio; Ransom L. Arnold, of
Wichita, Kans.; Norman Hamilton, of Dallas, Tex.; Richard F.
Bailey, of Los Angeles, Calif.; Luther C. Martin, of Omaha, Neb.;
Cushman B. Bissell, of Chicago, Ill.; Elwin A. Andrus, of Mil-
waukee, Wis.; and Arthur S. Lytton, of Chicago, Ill., were admitted
to practice.
No. 458. Milton Coverdale, Sheriff and Ex-officio Tax Collector,
appellant, v. Arkansas-Louisiana Pipe Line Company. Appeal from
the District Court of the United States for the Western District of
Louisiana. Decree reversed with costs and cause remanded to the
said District Court for further proceedings in conformity with the
opinion of this Court. Opinion by Mr. Justice Reed. Dissenting:
Mr. Justice McReynolds. Mr. Justice Cardozo took no part in the
consideration or decision of this case.
No. 502. John N. Shannahan and Claude J. Jackson, as Trustees
etc., et al., appellants, v. The United States of America and Inter-
state Commerce Commission. Appeal from the District Court of
the United States for the North District of Indiana. Judgment
affirmed. Opinion by Mr. Justice Brandeis. Mr. Justice Cardozo
took no part in the consideration or decision of this case.
The Chief Justice announced the following orders of the Court:
No. 871. William Heller, appellant, v. The State of Connecticut.
Appeal from the Supreme Court of Errors of the State of Connecti-
cut. Per curiam: The appeal herein is dismissed for the want of a
substantial federal question. Mugler v. Kansas, 123 U. S. 623, 668–
669; Reduction Company v. Sanitary Works, 199 U. S. 306, 324–325;
Hudson Water Co. v. McCarter, 209 U. S. 349, 356; Perley v. North
Carolina, 249 U. S. 510; Euclid v. Ambler Realty Co., 272 U. S. 365,
388, 389; West Brothers Brick Co. v. City of Alexandria, - U. S. —
(decided December 20, 1937).
No. 892. W. S. Allbritton et al., appellants, v. City of Winona,
Mississippi. Appeal from the Supreme Court of the State of Mis-
19746-38-78

MONDAY, APRIL 4, 1938
215
sissippi. Per curiam: The appeal herein is dismissed for the want
of a substantial federal question. Jones v. Portland, 245 U. S. 217;
Green v. Frazier, 253 U. S. 233; Milheim v. Moffat Tunnel Dist.,
262 U. S. 710, 717; Carmichael v. Southern Coal Co., 301 U. S. 495,
514, 515.
The Chief Justice said:
"The other orders of the Court appear upon the list certified by
the Chief Justice and filed with the clerk and will not be announced
orally."
No., original. Ex parte Mike J. Lindway, petitioner; and
No., original. Ex parte J. R. Palmer, petitioner. The motions
for leave to fie petitions for writs of habeas corpus are denied.
No. 17, original. Ex parte Arthur Dean Richmond, petitioner.
The motion for leave to file petition for writ of certiorari is granted.
The petition for writ of certiorari is denied.
No. 16, original. State of Missouri, complainant, v. State of Iowa.
The answer of the defendant is received and ordered filed.
No. 896. Howard Lee, petitioner, v. Clyde I. Plummer, Warden,
etc. On petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of the
State of California. The motion for leave to proceed further herein
in forma pauperis is denied for the reason that the Court, upon
examination of the papers herein submitted. finds that the judgment
sought to be reviewed is based upon a non-federal ground adequate
to support it. The petition for writ of certiorari is therefore also
denied.
No. 870. R. E. Collins, John C. Corbett, et al., appellants, v.
Yosemite Park and Curry Co. In this case probable jurisdiction is
noted.
No. 870. R. E. Collins, John C. Corbett, et al., appellants, v.
Yosemite Park and Curry Co. Upon consideration of the appellants'
statement as to jurisdiction and the record of this cause, and in view
of the Act of August 24, 1937 (50 Stat. 751), the Court hereby
certifies to the Attorney General of the United States that the con-
stitutionality of Sec. 1 of the Act of Congress of June 11, 1906
(34 Stat. 831), and Sec. 1 of the Act of Congress of June 2, 1920
(41 Stat. 731), is drawn in question in this cause.
No. 888. Earle S. Welch, appellant, v. Robert K. Henry et al.
In this case probable jurisdiction is noted. The motion to dismiss
is denied.
No. 815. The United States of America, petitioner, v. One 1936
Model Ford, etc. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Circuit Court of Appeals for the Fourth Circuit granted. Mr. Jus-
"

MONDAY, APRIL 4, 1938
216
tice Butler and Mr. Justice Stone took no part in the consideration
or decision of this application.
No. 838. The Atlantic Refining Company, petitioner, v. Florence
Smith et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Circuit Court of Appeals for the Third Circuit denied. Mr. Justice
Roberts took no part in the consideration or decision of this appli-
cation.
No. 818. John G. Doherty, petitioner, v. The United States of
America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Cir-
cuit Court of Appeals for the Eighth Circuit denied.
No. 820. Brooklyn Trust Company, petitioner, v. Sherman Square
Apartments, Inc., et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit denied.
No. 821. Isadore Walter Wolk, petitioner, v. The United States
of America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Circuit Court of Appeals for the Eighth Circuit denied.
No. 823. O. A. LaBudde, Collector of Internal Revenue, etc., peti-
tioner, v. Cudahy Brothers Co. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Seventh Circuit
denied.
No. 824. Ralph E. Williams, Trustee in Bankruptcy, etc., peti-
tioner, v. The Corden Corporation et al. Petition for writ of cer-
tiorari to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Ninth
Circuit denied.
No. 825. Fort Pitt Bridge Works, petitioner, v. Commissioner of
Internal Revenue. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United
States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Third Circuit denied.
No. 826. Michael Pavlovich Kosolapoff, petitioner, v. Petrogradsky
Mejdunarodny Kommerchesky Bank. Petition for writ of certiorari
to the Supreme Court of the State of New York denied.
No. 828. Golding Brothers Co., Inc., petitioner, v. Frederic G.
Dumaine et al., Trustees. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the First Circuit denied.
No. 833. Boston Machine Works Company, petitioner, v. Prime
Manufacturing Company. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the First Circuit denied.
No. 837. Geraldine S. Roberts et al., petitioners, v. Metropolitan
Life Insurance Company et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Seventh Circuit
denied.
No. 843. Harry Cohen, petitioner, v. State of Maryland. Petition
for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals of the State of Mary-
land denied.

MONDAY, APRIL 4, 1938
217
No. 844. Robert Jacob, Inc., petitioner, v. Emely Gunnarson, as
Administratrix, etc. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United
States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit denied.
No. 845. The United States, petitioner, v. Wharton Green & Com-
pany, Inc. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Claims
denied.
No. 856. Quick Action Ignition Company, petitioner, v. Briggs &
Stratton Corporation. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United
States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Seventh Circuit denied.
No. 873. Burke Grain Company, petitioner, v. Saint Paul Mercury-
Indemnity Company of St. Paul. Petition for writ of certiorari to
the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Eighth Circuit
denied.
No. 876. Smith Hood, Successor Receiver, etc., petitioner, v.
Howard Hardesty, Receiver, etc. Petition for writ of certiorari to
the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Fourth Circuit
denied.
No. 406. Guy T. Helvering, Commissioner of Internal Revenue,
petitioner, v. Thomas A. O'Donnell ;
No. 446. Guy T. Helvering, Commissioner of Internal Revenue,
petitioner, v. Elbe Oil Land Development Company; and
No. 753. John E. Groves and Mary E. Stanton, appellants, v.
Board of Education of the City of Chicago. Petitions for rehearing
denied.
ORDER
The Court will take a recess from Monday, April 11, until Mon-
day, April 25, next.
No. 9, original. The State of Nebraska, complainant, v. The State
of Wyoming and the State of Colorado. Motion of the United
States for leave to intervene submitted by Mr. Solicitor General
Jackson for the United States with leave to the parties to respond
within three weeks.
No. -, original. State of California, complainant, v. Murray W.
Latimer et al. Motion for leave to file Bill of Complaint submit-
ted by Mr. Roger J. Traynor in behalf of counsel for the complain-
ant.
No. 707. The United States, appellant, v. The Klamath and
Moadoc Tribes and Yahooskin Band of Snake Indians. Argument
continued by Mr. G. Carroll Todd for the respondents and con-

MONDAY, APRIL 4, 1938
218
cluded by Mr. Assistant Attorney General McFarland for the
appellant.
No. 699. John A. Johnson, petitioner, v. Fred G. Zerbst, Warden,
etc. Argued by Mr. Elbert P. Tuttle for the petitioner and by
Mr. Bates Booth for the respondent.
No. 705. Petroleum Exploration, Inc., appellant, v. Public Service
Commission of Kentucky et al. Argument commenced by Mr. W. J.
Brennan for the appellant and continued by Mr. J W Jones for
the appellees.
Adjourned until tomorrow at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Tuesday, April 5, will be as follows: Nos. 705,
709 (and 710), 706, 640, 715 (and 716), 757 (and 772), 760, 779,
(780 and 781), 723, and 746.
Х

TUESDAY, APRIL 5, 1938
219
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: The Chief Justice, Mr. Justice McReynolds, Mr. Justice
Brandeis, Mr. Justice Butler, Mr. Justice Stone, Mr. Justice Roberts,
Mr. Justice Black, and Mr. Justice Reed.
Walter L. Clements, of South Bend, Ind.; Kenneth W. Hill, of
Mount Clemens, Mich.; Ernest C. Richards, of Springfield, Tenn.;
Virgil D. Parish, of Cincinnati, Ohio; Keith R. Ferguson, of San
Francisco, Calif.; Edward J. Metzdord, of Chicago, Ill.; and Max
Shoop, of New York City, were admitted to practice.
No. 856. Quick Action Ignition Company, petitioner, v. Briggs &
Stratton Corporation. Motion to withhold order denying petition
for certiorari submitted by Mr. N. S. Amstutz for the petitioner.
No. 705. Petroleum Exploration, Inc., appellant, v. Public Service
Commission of Kentucky et al. Argument continued by Mr. J. W.
Jones for the appellee and concluded by Mr. W. J. Brennan for the
appellant.
No. 709. Interstate Circuit, Inc., et al., appellants, v. The United
States of America; and
No. 710. Paramount Pictures Distributing Company, Inc., et al.,
appellants, v. The United States of America. Argument commenced
by Mr. George S. Wright for the appellants; continued by Mr. Solici-
tor General Jackson for the appellee; and concluded by Mr. Thomas
D. Thacher for the appellants in No. 710.
No. 706. National Labor Relations Board, petitioner, v. Mackay
Radio & Telegraph Company. Argument commenced by Mr. Charles
Fahy for the petitioner and continued by Mr. Louis W. Myers for
the respondent.
Adjourned until tomorrow at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Wednesday, April 6, will be as follows: Nos. 706,
640, 715 (and 716), 757 (and 772), 760, 779 (780 and 781), 723,
and 746.
19746-38-79

WEDNESDAY, APRIL 6, 1938
220
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: The Chief Justice, Mr. Justice McReynolds, Mr. Justice
Brandeis, Mr. Justice Butler, Mr. Justice Stone, Mr. Justice Roberts,
Mr. Justice Black, and Mr. Justice Reed.
William L. Standard, of New York City; Charles O. Andrews, Jr.,
of Orlando, Fla.; Clarence R. Kramer, of Clearfield, Pa.; Edwin T.
Bean, of Buffalo, N. Y.; Richard W. Treverton, of Buffalo, N. Y.;
George W. Martin, of New York City; and Florian G. Miller, of
Erie, Pa., were admitted to practice.
No., original. Ex parte Hiram Steelman, petitioner. Leave
granted to withdraw motion for leave to file petition for writ of
mandamus on motion of counsel for the petitioner.
No. 706. National Labor Relations Board, petitioner, v. Mackay
Radio & Telegraph Company. Argument continued by Mr. Louis
W. Myers for the respondent and concluded by Mr. Charles Fahy for
the petitioner.
No. 640. The United States of America, appellant, v. Carolene
Products Company. Argued by Mr. Assistant Attorney General
McMahon for the appellant and by Mr. George N. Murdock for the
appellee.
No. 715. James M. Wright, petitioner, v. Union Central Life In-
surance Co.; and
No. 716. James M. Wright, petitioner, v. Union Central Life In-
surance Co. Argument commenced by Mr. Samuel E. Cook for the
petitioner; continued by Mr. Arthur S. Lytton for the respondent;
and concluded by Mr. Wm. Lemke for the petitioner.
Adjourned until tomorrow at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Thursday, April 7, will be as follows: Nos. 757
(and 772), 760, 779 (780 and 781), and 723.
19746-38-80

THURSDAY, APRIL 7, 1938
221
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: The Chief Justice, Mr. Justice McReynolds, Mr. Justice
Brandeis, Mr. Justice Butler, Mr. Justice Stone, Mr. Justice Roberts,
Mr. Justice Black, and Mr. Justice Reed.
C. Arthur Anderson, of Lemay, Mo.; Harold Helper, of Detroit,
Mich.; Herman Cooper, of Newark, N. J.; James M. Stuart, of Mil-
ford, Conn.; and Charles M. Lerer, of Maynard, Mass., were ad-
mitted to practice.
No. 843. Harry Cohen, petitioner, v. State of Maryland. Motion
to withhold order denying petition for writ of certiorari submitted
by Mr. Harry O. Levin for the petitioner.
No. 757. The United States of America, appellant, v. Milo W.
Bekins and Reed J. Bekins, as Trustees, etc.; and
No. 772. Lindsay-Strathmore Irrigation District, appellant, v.
Milo W. Bekins and Reed J. Bekins, as Trustees, etc. Four hours
and twenty minutes allowed for oral argument. Argument com-
menced by Mr. Hatton W. Sumners for the Committee on the
Judiciary of the House of Representatives of the United States, as
amicus curiae, by special leave of Court; continued by Mr. Solicitor
General Jackson for the appellant in No. 757; by Mr. Guy Knupp for
the appellant in No. 772; by Mr. W. Coburn Cook and Mr. Charles
L. Childers for the appellees; and concluded by Mr. James R.
McBride for the appellant in No. 772.
No. 760. Arkansas Fuel Oil Company, appellant, v. State of
Louisiana, ex rel. Hyman Muslow. Motion to dismiss submitted by
Mr. John B. Files for the appellee. Argued by Mr. Robert Roberts,
Jr., for the appellant and case submitted by Mr. John B. Files for
the appellee.
No. 779. Guy T. Helvering, Commissioner of Internal Revenue,
petitioner, v. Philip L. Gerhardt;
No. 780. Guy T. Helvering, Commissioner of Internal Revenue,
petitioner, v. Billings Wilson; and
No. 781. Guy T. Helvering, Commissioner of Internal Revenue,
petitioner. Three and one half hours allowed for oral argument.
19746-38-81

THURSDAY, APRIL 7, 1938
222
Argument commenced by Mr. Assistant Solicitor General Bell for
the petitioner.
Adjourned until tomorrow at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Friday, April 8, will be as follows: Nos. 779
(780 and 781), and 723.

FRIDAY, APRIL 8, 1938
223
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: The Chief Justice, Mr. Justice McReynolds, Mr. Justice
Butler, Mr. Justice Stone, Mr. Justice Roberts, Mr. Justice Black,
and Mr. Justice Reed.
South Trimble, Jr., of Washington, D. C.; Walter C. Hendrix, of
Atlanta, Ga.; Henry Mannix, of New York City; Geo. C. Magee, Jr.,
of Fort Worth, Tex.; Clyde T. Ellis, of Bentonville, Ark.; Walter
William Dalton, of Saint Louis, Mo.; O. B. Taylor, of Jackson, Miss.;
Zonola May Longstreth, of New York City; and Gussie Faye Haynie,
of Little Rock, Ark., were admitted to practice.
No. 779. Guy T. Helvering, Commissioner of Internal Revenue,
petitioner, v. Philip L. Gerhardt;
No. 780. Guy T. Helvering, Commissioner of Internal Revenue,
petitioner, v. Billings Wilson; and
No. 781. Guy T. Helvering, Commissioner of Internal Revenue,
petitioner, v. John J. Mulcahy. Argument continued by Mr. As-
sistant Solicitor General Bell for the petitioner; by Mr. Julius Henry
Cohen for the respondents; and concluded by Mr. Henry Epstein for
the State of New York and other states as amici curiae, by special
leave of Court.
No. 723. Guy T. Helvering, Commissioner of Internal Revenue,
petitioner, v. National Grocery Company. Argument commenced
by Mr. Assistant Attorney General Morris for the petitioner and
continued by Mr. J. D. Carpenter, Jr., for the respondent.
Adjourned until Monday next at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Monday, April 11, will be as follows: No. 723.
✓
19746-38--82

MONDAY, APRIL 11, 1938
224
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: The Chief Justice, Mr. Justice McReynolds, Mr. Justice
Brandeis, Mr. Justice Butler, Mr. Justice Stone, Mr. Justice Roberts,
Mr. Justice Black, and Mr. Justice Reed.
Edgar B. Kixmiller, of Chicago, Ill.; David Polmer, of New
York City; Donald J. Stocking, of Butte, Mont.; Kent H. Meyers,
of Cleveland, Ohio; Max Wasserman, of Jefferson City, Mo.; Nor-
man Salit, of New York City; Milton C. Boesel, of Toledo, Ohio;
Ray Franklin McMahon, of Cleveland, Ohio; David Sylvan Block,
of Atlanta, Ga.; Samuel W. Gaffer, of Boston, Mass.; and George
J. Freedman, of Boston, Mass., were admitted to practice.
No. 680. Joe Hale, petitioner, v. Commonwealth of Kentucky.
On writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals of the Commonwealth
of Kentucky. Judgment reversed with costs and cause remanded
to the said Court of Appeals for further proceedings not incon-
sistent with the opinion of this Court. Opinion, per curiam, an-
nounced by Mr. Chief Justice Hughes. Mr. Justice Cardozo took
no part in the consideration and decision of this case.
The Chief Justice announced the following order of the Court:
No. 805. State of Indiana, on the relation of Myrtle Hamilton
Valentine, petitioner, v. James F. Marker, Trustee, etc. On peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of the State of
Indiana. Per curiam: The petition for writ of certiorari is granted
and the judgment is reversed upon the authority of Indiana ex rel.
Anderson v. Brand, Trustee, 303 U. S. - (decided January 31, 1938).
Mr. Justice Black dissents.
The Chief Justice said:
"The other orders of the Court appear upon the list certified by
the Chief Justice and filed with the clerk and will not be announced
orally."
No. -, original. State of California, complainant, v. Murray W.
Latimer et al. A rule is ordered to issue requiring the defendants to
show cause on or before April 25, next, why leave to file the bill
of complaint herein should not be granted.
19746-38-83

MONDAY, APRIL 11, 1938
225
No. —. Frank J. Palka, petitioner, v. Ralph H. Walker, Warden.
The application for stay of execution pending filing of petition for
writ of certiorari is denied.
No. 843. Harry Cohen, petitioner, v. State of Maryland; and
No. 856. Quick Action Ignition Company, petitioner, v. Briggs &
Stratton Corporation. The motions to withhold orders denying pe-
titions for writs of certiorari are denied.
No. 860. Guy T. Helvering, Commissioner of Internal Revenue,
petitioner, v. Robert C. Winmill. Petition for writ of certiorari to
the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit
granted.
No. 864. Lowe Brothers Company, petitioner, v. The United
States of America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United
States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Sixth Circuit granted.
No. 882. Marion H. Allen, Collector of Internal Revenue for the
District of Georgia, petitioner, v. Regents of the University System
of Georgia. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States.
Circuit Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit granted.
No. 902. Albert Benjamin Chandler, Individually, etc., et al., peti-
tioners, v. James W. Wise and Ray B. Moss. Petition for writ of
certiorari to the Court of Appeals of the Commonwealth of Ken-
tucky granted and case assigned for argument immediately following
No. 796.
No. 846. Standard Marine Insurance Company, Limited, peti-
tioner, v. Westchester Fire Insurance Company. Petition for writ
of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the
Second Circuit denied. Mr. Justice Stone took no part in the con-
sideration or decision of this application.
No. 849. American Snuff Company, petitioner, v. Commissioner
of Internal Revenue. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United
States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Sixth Circuit denied. Mr.
Justice Stone took no part in the consideration or decision of this
application.
No. 831. Rafael Sancho Bonet, Treasurer of Puerto Rico, peti-
tioner, v. Pedro Acevedo Quiles. Petition for writ of certiorari to
the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the First Circuit
denied.
No. 832. Rafael Sancho Bonet, Treasurer of Puerto Rico, peti-
tioner, v. Valiente & Co. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the First Circuit denied.
No. 834. Ernest DiSanto, petitioner, v. The United States of
America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Cir-
cuit Court of Appeals for the Sixth Circuit denied.

MONDAY, APRIL 11, 1938
226
No. 835. M. McDonough Co., petitioner, v. Waldorf System, In-
corporated. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Circuit Court of Appeals for the First Circuit denied.
No. 839. Elizabeth H. Sterling, petitioner, v. Commissioner of
Internal Revenue. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United
States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit denied.
No. 851. Paul Grunwald, Michael Lux, et al., petitioners, v. The
United States of America; and
No. 852. Reuben Lubitzky, petitioner, v. The United States of
America. Petition for writs of certiorari to the United States Cir-
cuit Court of Appeals for the Third Circuit denied.
No. 854. The United States of America, petitioner, v. Lee Moor.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of
Appeals for the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 855. Francis E. Townsend, petitioner, v. The United States of
America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court
of Appeals for the District of Columbia denied.
No. 862. Sarah M. Wyman, petitioner, v. Edgar L. Newhouse, Jr.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of
Appeals for the Second Circuit denied.
No. 867. The Brown-Crummer Investment Company, Trustee,
petitioner, v. City of Hamlin, Texas, et al. Petition for writ of cer-
tiorari to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Fifth
Circuit denied.
No. 868. Eli J. Blair, petitioner, v. T. W. Warner Company.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court
of Appeals for the Second Circuit denied.
No. 660. August H. Moran, Receiver of Wardman Corporation,
Inc., petitioner, v. The United States; and
No. 853. E. R. Lindsey and Elbert B. Lindsey, petitioners, v.
State of Washington. Petitions for rehearing denied.
No. 723. Guy T. Helvering, Commissioner of Internal Revenue,
petitioner, v. National Grocery Company. Argument concluded by
Mr. James D. Carpenter, Jr. for the respondent.
Adjourned until Monday, April 25, next, at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Monday, April 25, will be as follows: Nos. 746,
756, 761, 773 (774 and 775), 782 (783, 784, 785, 786, 787, 788,
and 789), 798, 801, 870, 919, and 882.

MONDAY, APRIL 25, 1938
227
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: The Chief Justice, Mr. Justice McReynolds, Mr. Justice
Brandeis, Mr. Justice Butler, Mr. Justice Stone, Mr. Justice Roberts,
Mr. Justice Black, and Mr. Justice Reed.
Bert Ford, of Austin, Tex.; Paul S. Hirt, of Mount Clemens, Mich.;
Meyer D. Siegel, of New York City; Clive Lester Wright, of James-
town, N. Y.; Richard P. Shanahan, of Chicago, Ill.; Walter H. Beck,
of Fort Worth, Tex.; Louis Josephs, of Texarkana, Ark.; Roy C.
Frank, of LeCenter, Minn.; Robert James Ingraham, of Kansas City,
Mo.; Kathryn Gwinn Dixon, of Washington, D. C.; Harry R. Cooper,
of Belmar, N. J.; John E. C. Mauro, of Saint George, N. Y.; Maxwell
Shapiro, of New York City; Victor S. Kilkenny, of West New York,
N. J.; Raymond J. Otis, of West New York, N. J.; M. Louise Ruther-
ford, of Philadelphia, Pa.; S. Elizabeth Holmes, of Philadelphia,
Pa.; F. Ansel Worley, of Walhalla, S. C.; Moses Polakoff, of New
York City; Raymond Spencer Sifdol, of Washington, D. C.; Stirling
Truman Phelps, Jr., of Laredo, Tex.; John H. Mitchell, of Des
Moines, Iowa; Grover B. Higgins, of Cleveland, Ohio; Horace Chap-
man Rose, of Cleveland, Ohio; Don W. Burington, of Des Moines,
Iowa; Leroy E. Miller, of East Saint Louis, Ill.; Houston E. Hill,
of Oklahoma City, Okla.; and John H. More, of Cincinnati, Ohio,
were admitted to practice.
No. 514. The United States of America and Interstate Com-
merce Commission, appellants, v. Pan American Petroleum Corpora-
tion et al. Appeal from the District Court of the United States for
the Eastern District of Louisiana; and
No. 530. The United States of America and Interstate Commerce
Commission, appellants, v. Humble Oil & Refining Company et al.
Appeal from the District Court of the United States for the Southern
District of Texas. Decrees reversed and cases remanded to the said
District Courts for further proceedings in conformity with the
opinion of this Court. Opinion by Mr. Justice Roberts. Mr. Justice
Cardozo and Mr. Justice Reed took no part in the consideration or
decision of these cases.
No. 566. Guaranty Trust Company of New York, petitioner, v.
The United States of America. On writ of certiorari to the United
States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit. Judgment
19746-38--84

MONDAY, APRIL 25, 1938
228
reversed and cause remanded to the said Circuit Court of Appeals
for further proceedings in conformity with the opinion of this
Court. Opinion by Mr. Justice Stone. Mr. Justice Cardozo and
Mr. Justice Reed took no part in the consideration or decision of
this case.
No. 640. The United States of America, appellant, v. Carolene
Products Company. Appeal from the District Court of the United
States for the Southern District of Illinois. Judgment reversed and
cause remanded to the said District Court for further proceedings
in conformity with the opinion of this Court. Opinion by Mr.
Justice Stone. Mr. Justice Black concurs in the result and in all of
the opinion except the part marked "Third." Opinion by Mr. Justice
Butler concurring in the result. Dissenting: Mr. Justice McReynolds.
Mr. Justice Cardozo and Mr. Justice Reed took no part in the con-
sideration or decision of this case.
No. 668. The United States, petitioner, v. Shoshone Tribe of In-
dians of the Wind River Reservation in Wyoming. On writ of
certiorari to the Court of Claims. Judgment affirmed. Opinion by
Mr. Justice Butler. Mr. Justice Stone and Mr. Justice Cardozo took
no part in the consideration or decision of this case. Dissenting:
Mr. Justice Reed.
No. 707. The United States, appellant, v. The Klamath and
Moadoc Tribes and Yahooskin Band of Snake Indians. Appeal
from the Court of Claims. Judgment affirmed. Opinion by Mr.
Justice Butler. Mr. Justice Stone, Mr. Justice Cardozo, and Mr.
Justice Reed took no part in the consideration or decision of this
case. Mr. Justice Black concurs in the result.
No. 367. Erie Railroad Company, petitioner, v. Harry J. Tomp-
kins. On writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of
Appeals for the Second Circuit. Judgment reversed with costs and
cause remanded to the said Circuit Court of Appeals for further
proceedings in conformity with the opinion of this Court. Opinion
by Mr. Justice Brandeis. Mr. Justice Cardozo took no part in the
consideration or decision of this case. Concurring opinion by Mr.
Justice Reed. Dissenting opinion by Mr. Justice Butler in which
Mr. Justice McReynolds concurs.
No. 437. M. C. Hinderlider, as State Engineer of the State of
Colorado, et al., etc., appellants, v. The La Plata River and Cherry
Creek Ditch Company. Appeal from the Supreme Court of the State
of Colorado. Appeal dismissed, writ of certiorari granted and decree
reversed with costs and cause remanded to the said Supreme Court
for further proceedings not inconsistent with the opinion of this
Court. Opinion by Mr. Justice Brandeis. Mr. Justice Cardozo took
no part in the consideration or decision of this case.

MONDAY, APRIL 25, 1938
229
No. 638. Baltimore & Ohio Railroad Company et al., appellants,
v. The United States of America et al. Appeal from the District
Court of the United States for the Northern District of Illinois.
Decree affirmed. Opinion by Mr. Justice McReynolds. Mr. Justice
Cardozo and Mr. Justice Black took no part in the consideration or
decision of this case.
No. 645. Arkansas Louisiana Gas Company, appellant, v. Depart-
ment of Public Utilities et al. Appeal from the Supreme Court of
the State of Arkansas. Judgment affirmed with costs. Opinion by
Mr. Justice McReynolds. Mr. Justice Cardozo took no part in the
consideration or decision of this case.
No. 581. Fred O. Morgan, Doing business as Fred O. Morgan
Sheep Commission Company, et al., appellants, v. The United States
of America and the Secretary of Agriculture. Appeal from the
District Court of the United States for the Western District of Mis-
souri. Decree reversed and cause remanded to the said District
Court for further proceedings in conformity with the opinion of this
Court. Opinion by Mr. Chief Justice Hughes. Dissenting: Mr.
Justice Black. Mr. Justice Cardozo and Mr. Justice Reed took no
part in the consideration and decision of this case.
No. 757. The United States of America, appellant, v. Milo W.
Bekins and Reed J. Bekins, as Trustees, etc., et al.; and
No. 772. Lindsay-Strathmore Irrigation District, appellant, v.
Milo W. Bekins and Reed J. Bekins, as Trustees, etc., et al. Ap-
peals from the District Court of the United States for the Southern
District of California. Decree reversed with costs and cases re-
manded to the said District Court for further proceedings in con-
formity with the opinion of this Court. Opinion by Mr. Chief
Justice Hughes. Dissenting: Mr. Justice McReynolds and Mr. Jus-
tice Butler. Mr. Justice Cardozo took no part in the consideration
and decision of these cases.
No. 709. Interstate Circuit, Inc., Texas Consolidated Theatres,
Inc., et al., appellants, v. The United States of America; and
No. 710. Paramount Pictures Distributing Company, Inc., et al.,
appellants, v. The United States of America. Appeals from the
District Court of the United States for the Northern District of
Texas. Decree set aside and cause remanded to said District Court
with directions to the court to state its findings of fact and con-
clusions of law as required by Equity Rule 7012. Opinion, per
curiam, announced by Mr. Chief Justice Hughes. Dissenting: Mr.
Justice Stone and Mr. Justice Black. Mr. Justice Cardozo took no
part in the consideration and decision of these cases.

MONDAY, APRIL 25, 1938
230
The Chief Justice announced the following orders of the Court:
No. 887. Eureka Productions, Inc., appellant, v. Herbert H. Leh-
man, as Governor of the State of New York, et al. Appeal from
the District Court of the United States for the Southern District
of New York. Per curiam: The motion of the appellees to affirm
is granted and the judgment is affirmed. Mutual Film Corporation
v. Ohio Industrial Commission, 236 U. S. 230, 240, 241; Mutual Film
Corporation v. Kansas, 236 U. S. 248, 258.
No. 965. The Tennessee Electric Power Company, appellant, v.
Harold L. Ickes, Administrator of the Federal Emergency Admin-
istration of Public Works. Appeal from the District Court of the
United States for the District of Columbia. Per curiam: The motion
of the appellees to affirm is granted and the decree of the District
Court is affirmed. Alabama Power Co. v. Ickes, 302 U. S. 464; Duke
Power Co. v. Greenwood County, 302 U. S. 485.
The Chief Justice said:
"The other orders of the Court appear upon the list certified by
the Chief Justice and filed with the Clerk and will not be announced
orally."
No. ―.
In Re Disbarment of John L. Lotsch. This Court, by
order of February 28, 1938, having directed the issue of a rule
requiring John L. Lotsch, of New York, N. Y., a member of the
bar of this Court, to show cause why he should not be disbarred
from the practice of the law in this Court, and John L. Lotsch
having filed return to said rule; and it appearing to the Court that
charges of professional misconduct had been brought against said
John L. Lotsch in the Appellate Division of the Supreme Court
of the State of New York for the First Judicial Department; that
the referee to whom said charges were referred for the taking of
proof rendered a report sustaining such charges; that while said
proceeding was pending upon a motion to confirm the referee's
report said John L. Lotsch consented to the entry of an order
striking his name from the roll of attorneys and counselors-at-law
in the State of New York without further notice to him; and that
such an order was thereafter entered; now, upon consideration of
the rule to show cause and the return aforesaid,
It is ordered that said John L. Lotsch be, and he is hereby, dis-
barred from the practice of the law in this Court under subdivision
5 of Rule 2 for conduct unbecoming a member of the bar of this
Court.
No., original. Ex parte Victor J. Evans, petitioner. The mo-
tion for leave to file petition for writ of habeas corpus is denied.

MONDAY, APRIL 25, 1938
231
No. 9, original. State of Nebraska, complainant, v. State of Wyo-
ming and State of Colorado. This case is set for oral argument on
the motion of the United States for leave to intervene and the ob-
jections of the several states thereto and assigned for Monday, May
2, next.
No. 511. The New Negro Alliance et al., petitioners, v. Sanitary
Grocery Co., Inc. It is ordered that the opinion in this cause be
amended (1) by striking out the last three sentences in the first full
paragraph on page 5 and substituting therefor the following: "The
Court of Appeals thought that the dispute was not a labor dispute
within the Norris-LaGuardia Act because it did not involve terms
and conditions of employment such as wages, hours, unionization or
betterment of working conditions, and that the trial court, therefore,
had jurisdiction to issue the injunction. We think the conclusion
that the dispute was not a labor dispute within the meaning of the
Act, because it did not involve terms and conditions of employment
in the sense of wages, hours, unionization or betterment of working
conditions is erroneous.":
(2) By striking out of the second full paragraph on page 6 the
first and second sentences and so much of the third sentence as reads:
"In the first place" and starting a new sentence with a capital “T”;
(3) By striking out the words "In the second place" in the fourth
sentence in the second full paragraph on page 6 and beginning the
sentence with a capital "T".
No. 715. James M. Wright, petitioner, v. Union Central Life In-
surance Co.; and
No. 716. James M. Wright, petitioner, v. Union Central Life In-
surance Co. In view of the Act of August 24, 1937 (50 Stat. 751),
the Court hereby certifies to the Attorney General of the United
States that the constitutionality of section 75 of the Bankruptcy
Act, as amended by the Act of August 28, 1935 (49 Stat. 942), is
drawn in question in this cause.
No. 978. American National Bank of Portsmouth, petitioner, v.
Kate Walker Ames et al. It is ordered that execution pursuant to
the judgment of the Supreme Court of Appeals of Virginia entered
in this cause be, and the same is hereby, stayed pending action upon
the petition for writ of certiorari.
No. 782. Fred G. Zerbst, Warden, etc., petitioner, v. Sherman
Kidwell;
No. 783. Fred G. Zerbst, Warden, etc., petitioner, v. Dewey Smith;
No. 784. Fred G. Zerbst, Warden, etc., petitioner, v. Allen Collins;
No. 785. Fred G. Zerbst, Warden, etc., petitioner, v. Walter Owens;
No. 786. Fred G. Zerbst, Warden, etc., petitioner, v. Frank Peel;
No. 787. Fred G. Zerbst, Warden, etc., petitioner, v. Bennie Jones;

MONDAY, APRIL 25, 1938
232
No. 788. Fred G. Zerbst, Warden, etc., petitioner, v. Henry Stone;
and
No. 789. Fred G. Zerbst, Warden, etc., petitioner, v. Jeffie D.
Sullivan. The motion of the respondents for leave to proceed in
forma pauperis is granted.
No. 927. John Y. Stokes and Leonard J. Olson, petitioners, v. The
United States of America. On petition for writ of certiorari to the
United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit. The
motion for leave to proceed further herein in forma pauperis is de-
nied for the reason that the Court, upon examination of the papers
herein submitted, finds that the application for writ of certiorari
was not made within the time provided by law. The petition for
writ of certiorari is therefore also denied.
No. 928. Delpha Riffee, Administratrix, etc., petitioner, v. The
Marion Steam Shovel Company, Marion, Ohio;
No. 929. Delpha Riffee, petitioner, v. The Marion Steam Shovel
Company, Marion, Ohio;
No. 930. William Brammer et al., petitioners, v. The Alloy Cast
Steel Company et al.;
No. 931. Sherman Brammer, petitioner, v. The Alloy Cast Steel
Company et al.;
No. 932. Elizabeth Lillian Noggle, Executrix, etc., petitioner, v.
The Alloy Cast Steel Company et al. On petitions for writs of
certiorari to the Supreme Court of the State of Ohio;
No. 943. Tom Conway, petitioner, v. Clay Allen, Judge, etc., et al.
On petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of the State
of Washington;
No. 944. Wesley Leroy Sischo, petitioner, v. A. C. Aderhold,
Warden. On petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Circuit Court of Appeals for the Tenth Circuit; and
No. 949. E. R. Lindsey et al., petitioners, v. State of Washington.
On petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of the State
of Washington. The motions for leave to proceed herein in forma
pauperis are denied for the reason that the Court, upon examination
of the papers herein submitted, finds no ground upon which writs
of certiorari should be issued. The petitions for writs of certiorari
are therefore also denied.
No. 877. D. F. Stahmann et al., petitioners, v. S. P. Vidal, Col-
lector of Internal Revenue, etc. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Tenth Circuit granted,
limited to the question whether the petitioners were the proper parties
to maintain the suit.

MONDAY, APRIL 25, 1938
233
No. 905. Mark O. Davis, petitioner, v. Maude E. Davis. Petition
for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the
District of Columbia granted.
No. 829. Guy T. Helvering, Commissioner of Internal Revenue,
petitioner, v. Kings County Development Company. Petition for
writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for
the Ninth Circuit denied.
No. 848. Franz Gorney et al., petitioners, v. The Trustees of the
Milwaukee County Orphans Board. Petition for writ of certiorari
to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Seventh Circuit
denied.
No. 850. Italia Flotte Riunite Cosulich et al., petitioners, v. Ruth
Katz and Hyman S. Katz. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit
denied.
No. 858. Highway Engineering & Construction Company, Inc.,
petitioner, v. Hillsborough County. Petition for writ of certiorari
to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit
denied.
No. 859. Helen Sheehan, as Administratrix, etc., petitioner, v. The
New York, New Haven and Hartford Railroad Company. Petition
for writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals
for the Second Circuit denied.
No. 861. The Franklin Life Insurance Company, Springfield,
Illinois, petitioner, v. Mary Katherine Staats. Petition for writ of
certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the
Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 863. The Atchison, Topeka and Santa Fe Railway Company,
petitioner, v. Edwin A. Taylor. Petition for writ of certiorari to
the Appellate Court, First District, State of Illinois, denied.
No. 865. Motor Wheel Corporation, petitioner, v. Rubsam Cor-
poration. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Cir-
cuit Court of Appeals for the Sixth Circuit denied.
No. 866. People of the State of Illinois, ex rel. Gertrude Hakan-
son, petitioner, v. Ernest Palmer, Director, etc. Petition for writ of
certiorari to the Supreme Court of the State of Illinois denied.
No. 878. Molly-Es Doll Outfitters, Inc., et al., petitioners, v.
Myrtle Gruelle. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Circuit Court of Appeals for the Third Circuit denied.
No. 879. Abe Cohen, Individually, etc., petitioner, v. Swift and
Company. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Cir-
cuit Court of Appeals for the Seventh Circuit denied.

MONDAY, APRIL 25, 1938
234
No. 880. Ralph D. Mershon et al., petitioners, v. Sprague Special-
ties Company. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Circuit Court of Appeals for the First Circuit denied.
No. 883. County of Westchester, petitioner, v. Montrose Con-
tracting Company, Inc. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United
States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit denied.
No. 884. William H. Malone, petitioner, v. The United States of
America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Cir-
cuit Court of Appeals for the Seventh Circuit denied.
No. 885. Equitable Life Insurance Company of Iowa, petitioner,
v. Germantown Trust Company, Trustee, etc. Petition for writ of
certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the
Third Circuit denied.
No. 886. Harry E. Wiese petitioner, v. Commissioner of Internal
Revenue. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Cir-
cuit Court of Appeals for the Eighth Circuit denied.
No. 874. City of Fort Worth et al., petitioners, v. Lone Star Gas
Company. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Cir-
cuit Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 881. Abraham Warkentin, petitioner, v. Fred J. Schlotfeldt,
District Director of Immigration and Naturalization. Petition for
writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for
the Seventh Circuit denied.
No. 889. Fred F. Florence et al., petitioners, v. R. E. Crummer.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of
Appeals for the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 893. R. J. Reynolds Tobacco Company, petitioner, v. C. H.
Robertson, Collector of Internal Revenue, etc. Petition for writ of
certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the
Fourth Circuit denied.
No. 910. Ed Armstrong et al., petitioners, v. Virginia Iron, Coal
and Coke Company, Inc. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Su-
preme Court of Appeals of the Commonwealth of Virginia denied.
No. 917. Louis J. Bergson, petitioner, v. Fidelity-Philadelphia
Trust Company, Trustee, etc.; and
No. 918. Louis J. Bergson, petitioner, v. Fidelity-Philadelphia
Trust Company, Trustee, etc. Petitions for writs of certiorari to the
Supreme Court of the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania denied.
No. 923. Frank P. Cox, petitioner, v. John J. McElligott, as Fire
Commissioner, etc. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme
Court of the State of New York denied.

MONDAY, APRIL 25, 1938
235
No. 435. New York Rapid Transit Corporation, appellant, v. The
City of New York;
No. 436. Brooklyn and Queens Transit Corporation, appellant, v.
The City of New York; and
No. 563. The United States of America, petitioner, v. L. Manuel
Hendler, as Transferee of Creameries, Inc., etc. Petitions for rehear-
ing denied.
ORDER
It is ordered that the call of the docket be suspended for the term
upon the conclusion of the arguments in the cases on call for Friday,
April 29, or any additional cases which may be assigned and that
the Court will then take a recess until Monday, May 16.
No. 915. Federal Power Commission, petitioner, v. Metropolitan
Edison Company et al. Motion to shorten the time for filing respond-
ents' brief and to advance submitted by Mr. Solicitor General Jackson
for the petitioner and respondents' brief ordered filed on or before
April 28, next.
No., original. State of California, complainant, v. Murray W.
Latimer et al. Return to the rule to show cause presented.
No., original. Ex parte Paysoff Tinkoff, petitioner. Motion for
leave to file petition for writ of certiorari and to proceed in forma
pauperis submitted by Mr. Paysoff Tinkoff for the petitioner.
No. -, original. Ex parte Basil H. Pollitt, petitioner. Motion
for leave to file petition for writ of certiorari and to proceed in
forma pauperis submitted by Mr. Basil H. Pollitt for the petitioner.
No. -, original. The State of Oklahoma, upon the relation of
Howard C. Johnson, Bank Commission, plaintiff, v. R. M. Cook.
Argument on the rule to show cause why leave to file the complaint
should not be granted and the return thereto commenced by Mr.
Houston E. Hill for the plaintiff. The Court declined to hear fur-
ther argument.
No. 746. Robert A. Taft, Executor, etc., petitioner, v. Commis-
sioner of Internal Revenue. Argued by Mr. Robert A. Taft for the
petitioner and by Mr. Warner W. Gardner for the respondent.
No. 756. Federal Trade Commission, petitioner, v. The Goodyear
Tire & Rubber Company. Argument commenced by Mr. Hugh B.
19746-38- -85

MONDAY, APRIL 25, 1938
236
Cox for the petitioner. The Court declined to hear further argu-
ment.
No. 761. William Mahoney, as Liquor Control Commission, etc.,
et al., appellants, v. Joseph Triner Corporation. Argued by Mr.
William S. Ervin and Mr. Roy C. Frank for the appellants and con-
cluded by Mr. Carl W. Cummins for the appellee.
No. 773. Aetna Insurance Company, petitioner, v. United Fruit
Company;
No. 774. Union Marine & General Insurance Company, Ltd., etc.,
petitioner, v. United Fruit Company; and
No. 775. Boston Insurance Company, petitioner, v. United Fruit
Company. Argument commenced by Mr. D. Roger Englar for the
petitioners.
Adjourned until tomorrow at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Tuesday, April 26, will be as follows: Nos. 773
(774 and 775), 782 (783, 784, 785, 786, 787, 788, and 789), 798,
801, 870, 919, 882, and 864.
Х

TUESDAY, APRIL 26, 1938
237
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: The Chief Justice, Mr. Justice McReynolds, Mr. Justice
Brandeis, Mr. Justice Butler, Mr. Justice Stone, Mr. Justice Roberts,
Mr. Justice Black, and Mr. Justice Reed.
Tunis Albert Dils, of Washington, D. C.; Clarence L. Lavender, of
Washington, D. C.; Henry Johnson Hough, of Washington, D. C.;
Robert M. Cooper, of Washington, D. C.; Bernard Dunlap Hathcock,
of Washington, D. C.; John R. Gaskins, of Washington, D. C.; W.
Francis Delaney, of Washington, D. C.; Jack L. Rorschach, of Vinita,
Okla.; Jose Grey, of Manila, P. I.; Charles W. Talbot, of Detroit,
Mich.; Seibert L. Sefton, of San Francisco, Calif.; T. C. Chadick, of
Winnsboro, Tex.; Dupuy G. Warrick, of Kansas City, Mo.; James D.
Assaf, of Boston, Mass.; Curry Carter, of Staunton, Va.; William
R. Harvey, of Newport, R. I.; Edward S. Snyder, of New Haven,
Conn.; Malcolm Davis, of Los Angeles, Calif.; Perry W. Shrader, of
Kansas City, Mo.; Cecil H. Haas, of Kansas City, Mo.; William Gor-
ham Rice, Jr., of Madison, Wis.; Oscar P. Mast, of Washington, D. C.;
Ivan G. McDaniel, of Los Angeles, Calif.; Zebedee D. Hicks, of Gary,
Ind.; Clark Hempstead, of Minneapolis, Minn.; and Herman
Silverman, of New York City, were admitted to practice.
The Chief Justice said:
"It is my sad duty to announce that Mr. Frank K. Green, the
Marshal of the Court, died this morning. His life was spent in the
service of the Court. He entered that service as a page boy over 46
years ago. Ten years later, in 1901, he became Librarian and, soon
after, crier. He was appointed Marshal in 1915 and for over 23
years has acted in that capacity. Throughout this long period he
has served the Court with the utmost fidelity, bringing to the dis-
charge of his duties not only the advantages of his ability and
thorough acquaintance with the work of the Court but an unfailing
tact and kindliness which won the esteem of those who have been
brought into contact with his office. His name belongs in the honor
roll of those who have given themselves through long years to the
service of the Court with complete devotion to its interests. As a
token of our respect for his memory, we shall do nothing today but
hear motions and finish the cause on argument, and we shall then
adjourn until tomorrow morning."
19746-38-86

TUESDAY, APRIL 26, 1938
238
No. 921. Wm. H. Neblett, Vernon Bettin, et al., petitioners, v.
Samuel L. Carpenter, Jr., Insurance Commissioner of the State of
California et al. Motion for leave to file brief of Josiah E. Brill and
Samuel H. Maslon as amici curiae, submitted by Mr. John A. K.
Donovan in that behalf and the motion denied.
No. 773. Aetna Insurance Company, petitioner, v. United Fruit
Company;
No. 774. Union Marine & General Insurance Company, Ltd., etc.,
petitioner, v. United Fruit Company; and
No. 775. Boston Insurance Company, petitioner, v. United Fruit
Company. Argument continued by Mr. D. Roger Englar for the
petitioners and concluded by Mr. Cletus Keating for the respondent.
Adjourned until tomorrow at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Wednesday, April 27, will be as follows: Nos.
782 (783, 784, 785, 786, 787, 788, and 789), 798, 801, 870,
919, 882, and 864.
Х

WEDNESDAY, APRIL 27, 1938
239
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: The Chief Justice, Mr. Justice McReynolds, Mr. Justice
Brandeis, Mr. Justice Butler, Mr. Justice Stone, Mr. Justice Roberts,
Mr. Justice Black, and Mr. Justice Reed.
William W. Badgley, of Washington, D. C.; John W. Light, of
Washington, D. C.; Hunter Bethuel Linton, of Washington, D. C.;
Herbert W. Ludwig, of Washington, D. C.; Christopher A. Ray, of
Washington, D. C.; Leslie H. Rushbrook, of Washington, D. C.; Earl
M. Spencer, of Washington, D. C.; Joseph A. Keith, of Sherman,
Tex.; Morris M. Miller, of New York City; Harold Stern, of New
York City; J. P. Dreibelbis, of Dallas, Tex.; Clarence E. Benadum,
of Muncie, Ind.; Hugh Q. Buck, of Houston, Tex.; Chas. C. Wool-
dridge, of Ordway, Colo.; and J. Walker Wooldridge, of Wentz-
ville, Mo., were admitted to practice.
No. 782. Fred G. Zerbst, Warden, etc., petitioner, v. Sherman
Kidwell;
No. 783. Fred G. Zerbst, Warden, etc., petitioner, v. Dewey Smith;
No. 784. Fred G. Zerbst, Warden, etc., petitioner, v. Allen Collins;
No. 785. Fred G. Zerbst, Warden, etc., petitioner, v. Walter Owens;
No. 786. Fred G. Zerbst, Warden, etc., petitioner, v. Frank Peel;
No. 787. Fred G. Zerbst, Warden, etc., petitioner, v. Bennie Jones;
No. 788. Fred G. Zerbst, Warden, etc., petitioner, v. Henry Stone;
and
No. 789. Fred G. Zerbst, Warden, etc., petitioner, v. Jeffie D. Sulli-
van. Argued by Mr. Bates Booth for the petitioner and cases
submitted by Mr. J. F. Kemp for the respondents.
No. 798. The Denver Union Stock Yard Company, appellant, v.
The United States of America et al. Three hours allowed for oral
argument. Argued by Mr. Robert G. Bosworth for the appellants
and by Mr. Wendell Berge for the appellees.
No. 801. International Ladies' Garment Workers' Union, etc., et al.,
appellants, v. Donnelly Garment Company et al. Argument com-
menced by Mr. Frank P. Walsh for the appellants. The Court
declined to hear further argument.
19746-38--87

WEDNESDAY, APRIL 27, 1938
240
No. 870. R. E. Collins, John C. Corbett, et al., appellants, v.
Yosemite Park and Curry Co. Argument commenced by Mr. Seibert
L. Sefton for the appellants.
Adjourned until tomorrow at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Thursday, April 28, will be as follows: Nos. 870,
919, 882, and 864.
☑

THURSDAY, APRIL 28, 1938
241
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: The Chief Justice, Mr. Justice McReynolds, Mr. Justice
Brandeis, Mr. Justice Butler, Mr. Justice Stone, Mr. Justice Roberts,
Mr. Justice Black, and Mr. Justice Reed.
Spencer Zimmerman, Jr., of Washington, D. C.; Owen W. Swecker,
of Washington, D. C.; Francis L. Van Haaften, of Washington,
D. C.; William A. Wells, of Washington, D. C.; Irving M. Tullar,
of Washington, D. C.; Oscar P. Vogel, of Chevy Chase, Md.; Mur-
ray O. Reed, of Little Rock, Ark.; M. E. Kilpatrick, of Atlanta, Ga.;
Hamilton Lokey, of Atlanta, Ga.; George B. Murphy, of Detroit,
Mich.; Jose E. Romero, of Manila, P. I.; Mark C. Reno, of Des
Moines, Iowa; John J. Honan, of Washington, D. C.; Lawrence
Livingston, of San Francisco, Calif.; Sigvald Nielson, of San Fran-
cisco, Calif.; James Corbin Cheseldine, of Washington, D. C.; John
Reed Cheseldine, of Washington, D. C.; W. Marshall C. Cheseldine,
of Washington, D. C.; Flavel Robertson, of Kansas City, Mo.;
Charles Arthur Jaquette, of Washington, D. C.; Price L. Marsh, of
Arlington, Va.; Carl Thomas Palmer, of Washington, D. C.; Earl
A. Ruth, of Washington, D. C.; Laban Bryson Valentine, of New-
port, Tenn.; Joseph G. Martin, of Washington, D. C.; Custis E.
Chadwick, of Ashland, Ky.; George Daniel Kuhnel, of Washington,
D. C.; Edward Ignatius McLarney, of Washington, D. C.; Vaun P.
Cafferty, of Cortland, N. Y.; Carl A. Baumann, of Washington,
D. C.; Victor J. Garland, of Washington, D. C.; F. E. Erickson,
of Washington, D. C.; Theodore Edelschein, of Washington, D. C.;
Emil K. Melin, of Washington, D. C.; William Clattis Strange, of
Henderson, N. C.; Champ C. Joy, of Arlington, Va.; Hubert F.
Neil, of Washington, D. C.; William Albert Lasley, of Winston-
Salem, N. C.; Morris J. Levin, of St. Louis, Mo.; and Patrice Rice,
of Washington, D. C., were admitted to practice.
No. 915. Federal Power Commission, petitioner, v. Metropolitan
Edison Company et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United
States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Third Circuit granted and
case assigned for argument on Monday, May 2, next. Mr. Justice
Roberts took no part in the consideration or decision of this appli-
cation.
19746-38- -88

THURSDAY, APRIL 28, 1938
242
No. 870. R. E. Collins, John C. Corbett, et al., appellants, v.
Yosemite Park and Curry Co. Argument continued by Mr. Seibert
L. Sefton for the appellants; by Mr. James S. Moore, Jr., for the
appellee; and concluded by Mr. Seibert L. Sefton for the appellants.
No. 919. Richard E. Lang, Executor, and Grace E. Lang, Ex-
ecutrix, etc., v. Commissioner of Internal Revenue. Argued by Mr.
H. B. Jones for Richard E. Lang, Executor, et al., and by Miss
Helen R. Carloss for the Commissioner of Internal Revenue.
No. 882. Marion H. Allen, Collector of Internal Revenue, etc.,
petitioner, v. Regents of the University System of Georgia. Argu-
ment commenced by Mr. J. Louis Monarch for the petitioner and
continued by Mr. Marion Smith for the respondent.
Adjourned until tomorrow at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Friday, April 29, will be as follows: Nos. 882
and 864.

FRIDAY, APRIL 29, 1938
243
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: The Chief Justice, Mr. Justice McReynolds, Mr. Justice
Brandeis, Mr. Justice Butler, Mr. Justice Stone, Mr. Justice Roberts,
Mr. Justice Black, and Mr. Justice Reed.
William A. Neithercut, of Flint, Mich.; Sherman Grindstaff, of
Elizabethton, Tenn.; Donald E. Lee, of La Crosse, Wis.; Francis
Roulhac Anderson, of New York City; William P. Moss, of Jackson,
Tenn.; Benjamin Dowden, of Jersey City, N. J.; and Jerome Mayer,
of New York City were admitted to practice.
No. 882. Marion H. Allen, Collector of Internal Revenue etc., peti-
tioner, v. Regents of the University System of Georgia. Argument
concluded by Mr. Marion Smith for the respondents.
No. 864. Lowe Brothers Company, petitioner, v. The United States
of America. Argued by Mr. John E. Hughes for the petitioner and
by Mr. A. F. Prescott for the respondent.
Adjourned until Monday next at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Monday, May 2, will be as follows: Nos. 9, original,
and 915.
☑
19746-38-89

CORRECTED COPY
MONDAY, MAY 2, 1938
244
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present The Chief Justice, Mr. Justice McReynolds, Mr. Justice
Brandeis, Mr. Justice Butler, Mr. Justice Stone, Mr. Justice Roberts,
Mr. Justice Black, and Mr. Justice Reed.
Chas. O. Andrews, of Orlando, Fla.; Joseph Prendergast, of New
York City; Paul A. Freund, of Washington, D. C.; Lawson Romjue,
of Macon, Mo.; Stephen McKevett Farrand, of Los Angeles, Calif.;
Arthur Lester Jacobs, of Washington, D. C.; Grace McGerr, of
Lincoln, Nebr.; Helen McGerr, of Lincoln, Nebr.; Benjamin
Schenker, of New York City; Joseph J. Pratt, of Greenville, Calif.;
John L. Woodward, of Washington, D. C.; Samuel Rosenzweig, of
New York City; Joseph E. Adelson, of Providence, R. I.; Hymen
Diamond, of Pittsburgh, Pa.; Morley S. Wolfe, of New York City;
Victor Cobb, of Boston, Mass.; Birney R. Pettay, of Cadiz, Ohio;
Paul Moss, of Odessa, Tex.; Israel Friedlander, of Houston, Tex.;
Van B. Wake, of Milwaukee, Wis.; Edward F. Huber, of New York
City; John Torrey Kenney, of Needham, Mass.; Geo. J. Banigan,
of New York City; and Richard C. Hunter, of Omaha, Nebr., were
admitted to practice.
No. 596. John G. Ruhlin, Jennie B. Ruhlin, et al., petitioners, v.
New York Life Insurance Company. On writ of certiorari to the
United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Third Circuit. Judg-
ment vacated with costs and cause remanded to the District Court of
the United States for the Western District of Pennsylvania for
further proceedings in conformity with the opinion of this Court.
Opinion by Mr. Justice Reed. Mr. Justice Cardozo took no part
in the consideration or decision of this case.
No. 705. Petroleum Exploration, Inc., appellant, v. Public Service
Commission of Kentucky et al. Appeal from the District Court of
the United States for the Eastern District of Kentucky. Decree
affirmed with costs. Opinion by Mr. Justice Reed. Mr. Justice Mc-
Reynolds concurs in the result. Mr. Justice Stone concurs, except
that he expresses no opinion on the applicability of the Johnson Act.
Mr. Justice Cardozo took no part in the consideration or decision of
this case.
No. 760. Arkansas Fuel Oil Company, appellant, v. State of Loui-
siana ex rel. Hyman Muslow. Appeal from the Court of Appeals,
19746-38-90

MONDAY, MAY 2, 1938
245
Second Circuit, State of Louisiana. Judgment affirmed with costs.
Opinion by Mr. Justice Black. Mr. Justice Stone concurs in the
result. Mr. Justice Cardozo took no part in the consideration or
decision of this case.
No. 72. Crown Cork & Seal Company, Inc., petitioner, v. Ferdi-
nand Gutmann Co., Inc. On writ of certiorari to the United States
Circuit Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit. Decree reversed
with costs and cause remanded to the said Circuit Court of Appeals
for further proceedings in conformity with the opinion of this
Court. Opinion by Mr. Justice Butler. Mr. Justice Cardozo and Mr.
Justice Reed took no part in this consideration or decision of this
case. Dissenting opinion by Mr. Justice Black.
No. 357. General Talking Pictures Corporation, petitioner, v.
Western Electric Company, Inc., Electrical Research Products, et al.
On writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals
for the Second Circuit. Decree affirmed with costs and cause re-
manded to the District Court of the United States for the Southern
District of New York. Opinion by Mr. Justice Butler. Mr. Justice
Roberts, Mr. Justice Cardozo, and Mr. Justice Reed took no part in
the consideration or decision of this case. Dissenting opinion by Mr.
Justice Black.
No. 528. Pacific National Company, petitioner, v. Galen H. Welch,
Former Collector of Internal Revenue, etc. On writ of certiorari to
the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit.
Judgment affirmed with costs and cause remanded to the District
Court of the United States for the Southern District of California.
Opinion by Mr. Justice Butler. Mr. Justice Cardozo and Mr. Justice
Reed took no part in the consideration or decision of this case.
No. 667. The United States, petitioner, v. Harry A. Kaplan. On
writ of certiorari to the Court of Claims. Judgment reversed, and
cause remanded for further proceedings in conformity with the opin-
ion of this Court. Opinion by Mr. Justice Butler. Mr. Justice Car-
dozo and Mr. Justice Reed took no part in the consideration or de-
cision of this case.
The Chief Justice announced the following order of the Court:
No. 960. Arizona Publishing Company, appellant, v. D. C. O'Neil,
Thad M. Moore, and Frank Luke, as Members of and Constituting
the State Tax Commission of Arizona. Appeal from the District
Court of the United States for the District of Arizona. Per curiam:
The judgment is affirmed. Grosjean v. American Press Co., 297
U. S. 233, 250; Associated Press v. Labor Board, 301 U. S. 103, 133;
Giragi v. Moore, 301 U. S. 670.

MONDAY, MAY 2, 1938
The Chief Justice said:
246
"The other orders of the Court appear upon the list certified by
the Chief Justice and filed with the Clerk and will not be announced
orally."
No., original. Ex parte Elza G. Wyatt, petitioner. The motion
for leave to file petition for writ of habeas corpus is denied.
No. 18, original. Ex parte Paysoff Tinkoff, petitioner. The mo-
tion for leave to proceed in forma pauperis is granted. The motion
for leave to file petition for writ of certiorari is also granted.
No. 19, original. Ex parte Basil H. Pollitt, petitioner. The mo-
tion for leave to file petition for writ of certiorari is granted. The
motion for leave to proceed further herein in forma pauperis is denied
for the reason that the Court, upon examination of the papers herein
submitted, finds no ground upon which a writ of certiorari should
be issued. The petition for writ of certiorari is therefore also denied.
No. 1003. Heber L. Hicks, petitioner, v. State of Indiana. On
petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of the State of
Indiana. The motion for stay is denied. The motion for leave to
proceed further herein in forma pauperis is denied for the reason that
the Court, upon examination of the papers herein submitted, finds
no ground upon which a writ of certiorari should be issued. The
petition for writ of certiorari is therefore also denied.
No. 971. James L. McDonald, petitioner, v. The United States of
America. On petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Circuit Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit ;
No. 981. Edward P. Simpson, petitioner, v. Commonwealth of
Massachusetts. On petition for writ of certiorari to the Superior
Court, County of Middlesex, Commonwealth of Massachusetts; and
No. 985. Georgia M. Spruill, petitioner, v. Harryman Dorsey.
On petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of
Appeals for the District of Columbia. The motions for leave to
proceed further herein in forma pauperis are denied for the reason
that the Court, upon examination of the papers herein submitted,
finds no ground upon which writs of certiorari should be issued. The
petitions for writs of certiorari are therefore also denied.
No. 904. Waialua Agricultural Company, Limited, petitioner, v.
Eliza R. P. Christian, an incompetent person, etc., et al.; and
No. 909. Eliza H. P. Christian, an incompetent person, etc., peti-
tioner, v. Waialua Agricultural Company, Limited. Petitions for
writs of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for
the Ninth Circuit granted.
No. 891. City of Philadelphia, petitioner, v. Union Traction Com-
pany of Philadelphia. The application for writ of certiorari to the
United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Third Circuit is dis-

MONDAY, MAY 2, 1938
247
missed as premature. Craig v. United States, 298 U. S. 637; Conti-
nental Oil Co. v. United States, 299 U. S. 510.
No. 969. Oscar Bartolini, petitioner, v. Commonwealth of Massa-
chusetts. On petition for writ of certiorari to the Superior Court,
County of Norfolk, Commonwealth of Massachusetts. The motion
for leave to proceed on typewritten petition, brief, and record is
granted. The petition for writ of certiorari is denied.
No. 890. International Mercantile Marine Company, petitioner, v.
Samuel S. Lowe, Deputy Commissioner, United States Employees'
Compensation Commission, etc., et al. Petition for writ of certiorari
to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Second Cir-
cuit denied.
No. 894. Sherman E. Odom and Bertha O. Stephens, petitioners,
v. New York Life Insurance Company; and
No. 895. Sherman E. Odom and Mamie C. Odom, petitioners, v.
New York Life Insurance Company. Petition for writs of cer-
tiorari to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Fifth
Circuit denied.
No. 897. New York Life Insurance Company, petitioner, v. R. H.
Golightly, Administrator of the estate of Byrd H. Golightly, de-
ceased, et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Circuit Court of Appeals for the Eighth Circuit denied.
No. 898. Fox & London, Inc., petitioner, v. The Pennsylvania
Railroad Company. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United
States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit denied.
No. 900. Gulf Refining Company, Employer and the Employers'
Liability Assurance Corporation, Ltd., petitioners, v. Augustus P.
Norton, Deputy Commissioner, etc., et al. Petition for writ of certio-
rari to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Third
Circuit denied.
No. 903. Tampa Interocean Steamship Company, petitioner, v.
Sigvald Jorgensen. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United
States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 906. Peoples Life Insurance Company, petitioner, v. Pearl O.
Whiteside, Administratrix, etc., et al. Petition for writ of certiorari
to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit
denied.
No. 922. Pacific-Atlantic Steamship Co. et al., petitioners, v.
Weyerhaeuser Timber Co. et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to
the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit
denied.
No. 967. Wil-Low Cafeterias, Inc., et al., petitioners, v. 650 Madi-
son Avenue Corporation. Petition for writ of certiorari to the

MONDAY, MAY 2, 1938
248
United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit
denied.
No. 455. Frederick S. Deitrick, Receiver, etc., et al., petitioners, v.
Standard Security & Casualty Co. of New York;
No. 844. Robert Jacob, Inc., petitioner, v. Emely Gunnarson, as
Administratrix, etc.; and
No. 856. Quick Action Ignition Company, petitioner, v. Briggs &
Stratton Corporation. Petitions for rehearing denied.
ORDER
It is ordered by the Court that Thomas Ennalls Waggaman be,
and he is hereby, appointed Marshal of this Court in the place of
Frank K. Green, deceased.
ORDER
The Court will take a recess from today until Monday, May 16;
from that day until Monday, May 23, and from that day until Tues-
day, May 31, upon which day it will adjourn for the term.
No motions, except motions for admission to practice, will be
received after Monday, May 23.
No. 304. Elmer W. Kelley et al., petitioners, v. The City of At-
lantic City et al. Motion for leave to file second petition for rehear-
ing submitted by Mr. Harold E. Stonebraker for the petitioners.
No. 668. The United States, petitioner, v. Shoshone Tribe of In-
dians of the Wind River Reservation in Wyoming. Mandate ordered
to issue forthwith on motion of Mr. Charles J. Kappler for the
respondent.
No. 707. The United States, appellant, v. The Klamath and
Moadoc Tribes and Yahooskin Band of Snake Indians. Mandate or-
dered to issue forthwith on motion of Mr. T. Hardy Todd for the
appellees.
No. 9, original. The State of Nebraska, complainant, v. The State
of Wyoming and the State of Colorado. Argument on the motion
of the United States for leave to intervene and on the objections of the
several States thereto commenced by Mr. Assistant Attorney General
McFarland for the United States; continued by Mr. Paul F. Good for
the complainant, by Mr. Byron G. Rogers for the impleaded defend-
ant, State of Colorado, by Mr. Robert R. Rose for the defendant, State
of Wyoming, and concluded by Mr. Assistant Attorney General Mc-
Farland for the United States. Proposed form of order to be
prepared by counsel and submitted for the consideration of the Court.

MONDAY, MAY 2, 1938
249
No. 915. Federal Power Commission, petitioner, v. Metropolitan
Edison Company et al. Argued by Mr. Oswald Ryan for the peti-
tioner and by Mr. Walter Biddle Saul and Mr. Edward F. Huber
for the respondents. Leave granted respondents to file additional
brief on or before Friday next.
Adjourned until Monday, May 16, next, at 12 o'clock.
Х

MONDAY, MAY 16, 1938
249
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: The Chief Justice, Mr. Justice McReynolds, Mr. Justice
Brandeis, Mr. Justice Butler, Mr. Justice Stone, Mr. Justice Rob-
erts, Mr. Justice Black, and Mr. Justice Reed.
George Schwolsky, of Hartford, Conn.; Paul Farthing, of Belle-
ville, Ill.; Marion J. Harron, of San Francisco, Calif.; Lee L. Otta-
way, of Jamestown, N. Y.; John E. Durkin, of Jamestown, N. Y.;
Harold E. Stafford, of Honolulu, Hawaii; Frances A. Doolittle, of
Cleveland, Ohio; H. J. Doolittle, of Cleveland, Ohio; Richard Ben-
jamin Crawford, of Louisville, Ky.; Henry Upson Sims, of Bir-
mingham, Ala.; Crampton Harris, of Birmingham, Ala.; Samuel
K. Beier, of New York City; Arthur J. Butler, of Big Rapids,
Mich.; William F. McKenna, of Meriden, Conn.; Robert W. Pharr,
of Memphis, Tenn.; Clayton L. Howland, of Los Angeles, Calif.;
Caso March, of Waco, Tex.; Frank Bezoni, of Tyler, Tex.; Benja-
min Kleinstiver, of Jackson, Mich.; Frederick S. Berry, of Wayne,
Nebr.; Joseph W. Kimmell, of Vincennes, Ind.; Otto T. Englehart,
of Brazil, Ind.; Oscar P. May, of Atchison, Kans.; Arthur Lucius
Hubbard, Jr., of Philadelphia, Pa.; James Glenn Turner, of Dallas,
Tex.; Frederic M. Thompson, Jr., of La Porte, Ind.; George L.
Denny, of Indianapolis, Ind.; Joe Utay, of Dallas, Tex.; Catherine
Mary Stafford, of Washington, D. C.; R. Emerson Gardner, of At-
lanta, Ga.; Edward W. Tuttle, of Los Angeles, Calif.; Aaron Frank,
of New York City; William H. C. Taylor, of Oklahoma City, Okla.;
Harry Pruden Cooper, of Murphy, N. C.; Joseph Henry Black-
shear, of Gainesville, Ga.; Edward Matthew McEntee, of Provi-
dence, R. I.; John C. Baumann, of Warrensburg, Mo.; Frederic
Solomon, of Washington, D. C.; John L. FitzGerald, of Seattle,
Wash.; John B. Sheerin, of Brooklyn, N. Y.; Otis Lowell Hastings,
of Chicago, Ill.; William M. Moroney, of Washington, D. C.; J. Fred
Buzhardt, of McCormick, S. C.; J. Strom Thurmond, of Edgefield,
S. C.; Frank Romano, of Hoboken, N. J.; James Abell Mills, of New
York City; Helen E. McGuire, of Cleveland, Ohio; Lee Pressman,
of Washington, D. C.; Florence de Haas Dembitz, of Washington,
D. C.; Elliott H. Moyer, of Detroit, Mich.; Lester P. Schoene, of
Washington, D. C.; Wm. J. Rielly, of Cincinnati, Ohio; Walter
E. Powell, of St. Louis, Mo.; Donn Verner Smythe, of Washington,
D. C.; Agnes I. McIntyre, of Cleveland, Ohio; James H. Linton, of
Jefferson City, Mo.; Charles K. Chapman, of Long Beach, Calif.;
Walter L. Mann, of Los Angeles, Calif.; C. R. Ellery, of Cheyenne,
19746 38- -91

MONDAY, MAY 16, 1938
250
Wyo.; Joseph C. O'Neill, of Klamath Falls, Oreg.; and Raymond
Minor Hudson, Jr., of Washington, D. C.; were admitted to practice.
No. 453. General Electric Company, petitioner, v. Wabash Ap-
pliance Corporation, Abe Adler and Abe M. Parker. On writ of
certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the
Second Circuit. Judgment affirmed with costs and cause remanded
to the District Court of the United States for the Eastern District
of New York. Opinion by Mr. Justice Reed. Mr. Justice Cardozo
took no part in the consideration or decision of this case.
No. 782. Fred G. Zerbst, Warden, United States Penitentiary, At-
lanta, Georgia, petitioner, v. Sherman Kidwell;
No. 783. Fred G. Zerbst, Warden, United States Penitentiary, At-
lanta, Georgia, petitioner, v. Dewey Smith;
No. 784. Fred G. Zerbst, Warden, United States Penitentiary, At-
lanta, Georgia, petitioner, v. Allen Collins;
No. 785. Fred G. Zerbst, Warden, United States Penitentiary, At-
lanta, Georgia, petitioner, v. Walter Owens;
No. 786. Fred G. Zerbst, Warden, United States Penitentiary, At-
lanta, Georgia, petitioner, v. Frank Peel;
No. 787. Fred G. Zerbst, Warden, United States Penitentiary, At-
lanta, Georgia, petitioner, v. Bennie Jones;
No. 788. Fred G. Zerbst, Warden, United States Penitentiary, At-
lanta, Georgia, petitioner, v. Henry Stone; and
No. 789. Fred G. Zerbst, Warden, United States Penitentiary, At-
lanta, Georgia, petitioner, v. Jeffie D. Sullivan. On writs of cer-
tiorari to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Fifth
Circuit. Judgments reversed and cases remanded to the District
Court of the United States for the Northern District of Georgia for
further proceedings in conformity with the opinion of this Court.
Opinion by Mr. Justice Black. Mr. Justice Cardozo and Mr. Jus-
tice Reed took no part in the consideration or decision of these cases.
No. 641. J. D. Adams Manufacturing Company, appellant, v.
William Storen, as Chief Administrative Officer of the Department
of Treasury of the State of Indiana, et al. Appeal from the Supreme
Court of the State of Indiana. Judgment reversed in part and
affirmed in part and cause remanded to the said Supreme Court for
further proceedings not inconsistent with the opinion of this Court.
Opinion by Mr. Justice Roberts. Mr. Justice McReynolds is of
opinion that the challenged judgment should be reversed in toto.
Mr. Justice Cardozo took no part in the consideration or decision of
this case. Separate opinion by Mr. Justice Black, dissenting in
part.
No. 706. National Labor Relations Board, petitioner, v. Mackay
Radio & Telegraph Company. On writ of certiorari to the United

MONDAY, MAY 16, 1938
251
States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit. Judgment
reversed and cause remanded to the said Circuit Court of Appeals
for further proceedings in conformity with the opinion of this
Court. Opinion by Mr. Justice Roberts. Mr. Justice Cardozo and
Mr. Justice Reed took no part in the consideration or decision of
this case.
No. 746. Robert A. Taft, Executor of the Estate of Anna S. Taft,
deceased, petitioner, v. Commissioner of Internal Revenue. On writ
of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the
Sixth Circuit. Judgment affirmed and cause remanded to the said
Circuit Court of Appeals. Opinion by Mr. Justice Roberts. Mr.
Justice Cardozo took no part in the consideration or decision of this
case.
No. 864. Lowe Brothers Company, petitioner, v. The United
States of America. On writ of certiorari to the United States Cir-
cuit Court of Appeals for the Sixth Circuit. Judgment affirmed and
cause remanded to the District Court of the United States for the
Southern District of Ohio. Opinion by Mr. Justice Stone. Mr.
Justice Cardozo took no part in the consideration or decision of this
case.
No. 300. The St. Louis, Brownsville and Mexico Railway Com-
pany et al., petitioners, v. Brownsville Navigation District of Cam-
eron County, Texas, et al. On writ of certiorari to the United States
Circuit Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit. Decree reversed with
costs and cause remanded to the District Court of the United States
for the Southern District of Texas for further proceedings in con-
formity with the opinion of this Court. Opinion by Mr. Justice
Butler. Mr. Justice Cardozo took no part in the consideration or
decision of this case.
No. 144. D. B. Heiner, Individually and as Former Collector of
Internal Revenue for the twenty-third District of Pennsylvania, peti-
tioner, v. Paul Mellon, David K. E. Bruce, et al.; and
No. 145. D. B. Heiner, Individually and as Former Collector of
Internal Revenue for the twenty-third District of Pennsylvania,
petitioner, v. Jennie King Mellon, Richard King Mellon, et al. On
writs of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for
the Third Circuit. Judgments reversed with costs and cases remanded
to the District Court of the United States for the Western District of
Pennsylvania for further proceedings in conformity with the opinion
of this Court. Opinion by Mr. Justice Brandeis. Mr. Justice Car-
dozo and Mr. Justice Reed took no part in the consideration or
decision of this case.
No. 723. Guy T. Helvering, Commissioner of Internal Revenue,
petitioner, v. National Grocery Company. On writ of certiorari to

MONDAY, MAY 16, 1938
252
the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Third Circuit.
Judgment reversed and cause remanded to the said Circuit Court of
Appeals for further proceedings in conformity with the opinion of
this Court. Opinion by Mr. Justice Brandeis. Mr. Justice McRey-
nolds and Mr. Justice Butler are of opinion that the judgment below
should be affirmed. Mr. Justice Cardozo and Mr. Justice Reed took
no part in the consideration or decision of this case.
No. 919. Richard E. Lang, Executor, and Grace E. Lang, Ex-
ecutrix, of the estate of Julius C. Lang, deceased, v. Commissioner of
Internal Revenue. On certificate from the United States Circuit
Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit. Opinion by Mr. Justice
McReynolds. Mr. Justice Cardozo took no part in the consideration
or decision of this case.
No. 313. Lone Star Gas Company, appellant, v. State of Texas,
The Railroad Commission of Texas, et al. Appeal from the Court
of Civil Appeals for the third Supreme Judicial District of the State
of Texas. Judgment reversed with costs and cause remanded to the
said Court of Civil Appeals for further proceedings not inconsistent
with the opinion of this Court. Opinion by Mr. Chief Justice
Hughes. Mr. Justice Black dissents. Mr. Justice Cardozo took no
part in the consideration and decision of this case.
No. 801. International Ladies' Garment Workers' Union, etc.,
et al., appellants, v. Donnelly Garment Company, Donnelly Garment
Sales Company, et al. Appeal from the District Court of the United.
States for the Western District of Missouri. Decree vacated and
cause remanded to the said District Court for further proceedings to
be taken independently of Section 3 of the Act of August 24, 1937.
Opinion, per curiam, announced by Mr. Chief Justice Hughes. Mr.
Justice Cardozo took no part in the consideration and decision of
this case.
No. 976. California Water Service Company and Carlo Veglia,
appellants, v. The City of Redding et al. Appeal from the District
Court of the United States for the Northern District of California.
The motion of the appellees to affirm is granted and the decree is
affirmed with costs. Opinion, per curiam, announced by Mr. Chief
Justice Hughes.
No. 756. Federal Trade Commission, petitioner, v. The Goodyear
Tire & Rubber Company. On writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court
of Appeals for the Sixth Circuit. Decree of the Circuit Court of
Appeals reversed and cause remanded to that Court for a determina-
tion of the merits. Opinion, per curiam, announced by Mr. Chief
Justice Hughes. Mr. Justice Stone, Mr. Justice Cardozo, and Mr.
Justice Reed took no part in the consideration and decision of this
case.

MONDAY, MAY 16, 1938
253
No. 869. New York Life Insurance Company, a Corporation, peti-
tioner, v. Clarence G. Jackson et al. On petition for writ of cer-
tiorari to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Seventh
Circuit. The petition for writ of certiorari is granted. The judg-
ment of the Circuit Court of Appeals is vacated with costs and the
cause is remanded to that Court for further proceedings in con-
formity with the opinion of this Court. Opinion, per curiam, an-
nounced by Mr. Chief Justice Hughes. Mr. Justice Cardozo took no
part in the consideration and decision of this case.
No. 924. Esther Rosenthal, petitioner, v. New York Life Insurance
Company. On petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Circuit Court of Appeals for the Eighth Circuit. The petition for
writ of certiorari is granted. The judgment of the Circuit Court of
Appeals is vacated with costs and the cause is remanded to that court
for further proceedings in conformity with the opinion of this Court.
Opinion, per curiam, announced by Mr. Chief Justice Hughes. Mr.
Justice Cardozo took no part in the consideration and decision of
this case.
The Chief Justice announced the following order of the Court:
No. 215. The Tax Commission of Ohio, petitioner, v. Rollin A.
Wilbur and the National City Bank of Cleveland, Ohio, Co-trustees,
etc. On writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals of Cuyahoga
County, State of Ohio. Per curiam: The writ of certiorari is dis-
missed as it appears upon argument that the judgment sought to be
reviewed rests upon a non-federal ground adequate to support it.
Cuyahoga Power Co. v. Northern Realty Co., 244 U. S. 300, 303, 304;
Knights of Pythias v. Meyer, 265 U. S. 30, 32, 33; Lynch v. New
York, 293 U. S. 52, 54, 55.
The Chief Justice said:
"The other orders of the Court appear upon the list certified by
the Chief Justice and filed with the Clerk and will not be announced
orally."
No. Northern Pacific R. R. Co., by Charles E. Schmidt, et al.,
etc., petitioners, v. The United States of America et al.; and
No. . Charles E. Schmidt, et al., etc., petitioners, v. The United
States of America et al. The applications, presented to the Chief
Justice and referred by him to the Court, are denied.
No., Original. Ex parte Clarence M. Brummitt, petitioner; and
No., Original. Ex parte Joseph J. McCarthy, petitioner. Ap-
plications denied.
No. 20, original. The State of California, complainant, v. Murray
W. Latimer et al. The motion for leave to file the bill of complaint
19746-38-92

MONDAY, MAY 16, 1938
254
herein is granted and process is ordered to issue returnable on Mon-
day, October 3, next.
No. 9, original. The State of Nebraska, complainant, v. The State
of Wyoming et al. The United States having moved for leave to
intervene herein, and the States of Nebraska, Wyoming, and Colorado
having filed their objections to the granting of such motion, and the
Court having heard argument by counsel upon the motion and
objections;
It is now here ordered and adjudged as follows:
1. The motion of the United States for leave to intervene as a
party herein is granted;
2. The United States shall have leave to file a petition of inter-
vention within thirty days, with leave to the States of Nebraska,
Wyoming, and Colorado within thirty days thereafter to file their
answers thereto;
3. The record and testimony already received and exhibits filed
shall stand as against tthe United States as the record of evidence in
the cause to this date; but the United States shall be permitted to
introduce such evidence as it may deem necessary to correct and sup-
plement such testimony and exhibits;
4. This order shall be without prejudice to the determination on
final decree of any of the substantive questions of law or fact ad-
vanced or to be advanced by any of the parties herein;
5. The States of Nebraska, Wyoming, and Colorado agree, and it is
hereby ordered that, the United States may amend its petition at any
time hereafter during the proceedings herein;
6. The orders heretofore entered with respect to reference to the
Special Master are hereby extended to include the issues raised or to
be raised by the intervention of the United States.
No. 1, original. The State of Georgia, complainant, v. Tennessee
Copper Company et al. Decree entered vacating all orders and de-
crees which have heretofore been entered in this cause against The
Ducktown Sulphur, Copper & Iron Company, Ltd., and Tennessee
Copper Company excepting insofar as they relate to the taxation of
costs, and the cause dismissed. A rule is ordered to issue returnable
on May 26, next, requiring the Ducktown Chemical & Iron Company
to show cause why it should not pay costs charged against the
defendant Ducktown Sulphur, Copper & Iron Company, Ltd.
No. 357. General Talking Pictures Corporation, petitioner, v.
Western Electric Company, Inc., et al. It is ordered that the opinion
in this cause be amended by striking from the last sentence of the
opinion the word "original" and by inserting in its place the word
"continuation," and by striking therefrom the words "the continua-
tion applications" and inserting in their place the word "they." As

MONDAY, MAY 16, 1938
255
amended, the sentence reads as follows: "In the absence of intervening
adverse rights for more than two years prior to the continuation
applications, they were in time."
No. 943. Tom Conway, petitioner, v. Clay Allen, Judge of Superior
Court, Seattle, Washington, et al. On suggestion of a diminution
of the record the motion for a writ of certiorari is denied. The peti-
tion for rehearing is also denied.
No. 975. The Tennessee Electric Power Company et al., appellants,
v. Tennessee Valley Authority et al. In this case probable jurisdic-
tion is noted. Mr. Justice Reed took no part in the consideration or
decision of this question.
No. 991. The Polk Company et al., appellants, v. Manuel M.
Glover, as County Solicitor of Polk County, Florida. In this case
probable jurisdiction is noted.
No. 912. James E. Davidson, petitioner, v. Commissioner of In-
ternal Revenue. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Circuit Court of Appeals for the Eighth Circuit granted.
No. 920. J. O. Stoll, petitioner, v. William Gottlieb. Petition for
writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of the State of Illinois granted.
No. 934. The United States of America, petitioner, v. Continental
National Bank and Trust Company, Trustee, etc., et al. Petition for
writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for
the Seventh Circuit granted.
No. 941. Hiram Steelman, Trustee, etc., petitioner, v. All Con.
tinent Corporation et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Third Circuit
granted.
No. 916. Consolidated Edison Company of New York, Inc., et al.,
petitioners, v. National Labor Relations Board et al.; and
No. 957. International Brotherhood of Electrical Workers et al.,
petitioners, v, National Labor Relations Board et al. Petitions for
writs of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals
for the Second Circuit granted.
No. 921. Wm. H. Neblett, Vernon Bettin, et al., petitioners, v.
Samuel L. Carpenter, Jr., Insurance Commissioner of the State of
California, et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme
Court of the State of California granted. Mr. Justice Reed took no
part in the consideration or decision of this application.
No. 958. Herman Blumgart, Luis G. Egger, et al., petitioners, v.
St. Louis-San Francisco Railway Company. Petition for writ of
certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the
Eighth Circuit denied. Mr. Justice Brandeis took no part in the
consideration or decision of this application.

MONDAY, MAY 16, 1938
256
No. 961. Pennsylvania Public Utility Commission, petitioner, v.
Union Traction Company of Philadelphia et al., etc. Petition for
writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals
for the Third Circuit denied. Mr. Justice Roberts took no part in
the consideration or decision of this application.
No. 899. Sam Shama, petitioner, v. The United States of America.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of
Appeals for the Eighth Circuit denied.
No. 901. The Bankers Mortgage Company of Topeka, Kansas, et al.,
petitioners, v. H. H. Motter, Collector of Internal Revenue, etc.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court
of Appeals for the Tenth Circuit denied.
No. 908. Rafael Sancho Bonet, Treasurer, petitioner, v. Clarence
K. Bowie et al., Trustees. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the First Circuit denied.
No. 911. Herbert Harger, petitioner, v. Oklahoma Gas & Electric
Company. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of
the State of Arkansas denied.
No. 913. Edith L. Davidson, petitioner, v. Commissioner of In-
ternal Revenue. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Circuit Court of Appeals for the Eighth Circuit denied.
No. 925. Mrs. Theo S. Gilmore, Guardian, etc., petitioner, v. The
United States of America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 935. Ferris Smith, petitioner, v. Metropolitan Life Insurance
Company et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Circuit Court of Appeals for the Seventh Circuit denied.
No. 936. National Carbon Company, Inc., petitioner, v. The West-
ern Shade Cloth Company. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Seventh Circuit
denied.
No. 939. Pulitzer Publishing Company, petitioner, v. Current
News Features, Inc. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United
States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Eighth Circuit denied.
No. 950. Century Indemnity Company, petitioner, v. Standard
Cahill Co., Inc. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Circuit Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit denied.
No. 951. Union Central Life Insurance Company et al., petitioners,
v. Bank of Commerce & Trust Company of Memphis, Tennessee.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court
of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit denied.

MONDAY, MAY 16, 1938
257
No. 955. City of Fort Worth, petitioner, v. George B. McCamey
et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit
Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 959. Connecticut Railway and Lighting Company, petitioner,
v. The Connecticut Company. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit
denied.
No. 914. Crescent Wharf & Warehouse Company et al., petitioners,
v. Warren H. Pillsbury, Deputy Commissioner, etc., et al. Petition
for writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals
for the Ninth Circuit denied.
No. 926. Regina V. G. Millhiser et al., petitioners, v. The Chase
National Bank of the City of New York, as Trustee, etc. Petition
for writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals
for the Fourth Circuit denied.
No. 933. Augusta Z. Bentley, petitioner, v. Guy T. Helvering, Com-
missioner of Internal Revenue. Petition for writ of certiorari to
the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Sixth Circuit
denied.
No. 940. Industrial Trust Company et al., petitioners, v. Joseph
V. Broderick, Collector of Internal Revenue. Petition for writ of
certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the
First Circuit denied.
No. 942. Joseph John Davilla, petitioner, v. The Brunswick-
Balke-Collender Co. of New York. Petition for writ of certiorari
to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Second Cir-
cuit denied.
No. 952. Jonas Brittain, petitioner, v. Louisville & Nashville Rail-
road Company. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Circuit Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 953. George E. Warren Corporation, petitioner, v. The United
States of America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United
States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit denied.
No. 956. Hartford Transportation Company, petitioner, v. Lee
Transit Corporation, as owner, etc. Petition for writ of certiorari to
the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit
denied.
No. 962. Oliver-Sherwood Co. and The B. F. Goodrich Company,
petitioners, v. Patterson Ballagh Corporation et al. Petition for

MONDAY, MAY 16, 1938
258
writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for
the Ninth Circuit denied.
No. 968. American Lecithin Company, petitioner, v. J. C. Ferguson
Mfg. Works, Inc. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States.
Circuit Court of Appeals for the First Circuit denied.
No. 977. Stoody Company, petitioner, v. Mills-Alloys, Inc., and
Oscar L. Mills. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Circuit Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit denied.
No. 304. Elmer W. Kelley et al., petitioners, v. The City of At-
lantic City and Harry Bacharach. The motion for leave to file a
second petition for rehearing is granted. The petition for rehearing
is denied.
No. 831. Rafael Sancho Bonet, Treasurer of Puerto Rico, peti-
tioner, v. Pedro Acevedo Quiles;
No. 832. Rafael Sancho Bonet, Treasurer of Puerto Rico, peti-
tioner, v. Valiente & Co.;
No. 846. Standard Marine Insurance Company, Limited, peti-
tioner, v. Westchester Fire Insurance Company;
No. 858. Highway Engineering & Construction Company, Inc.,
petitioner, v. Hillsborough County; and
No. 889. Fred F. Florence et al., petitioners, v. R. E. Crummer.
Petitions for rehearing denied.
No. 21, original. Ex parte National Labor Relations Board et al.,
petitioners. Motion for leave to file petition for writs of prohibi-
tion and mandamus submitted by Mr. Solicitor General Jackson for
the petitioners. The motion for leave to file the petition is granted
and a rule is ordered to issue directed to the Honorable Joseph Buf-
fington, the Honorable J. Warren Davis, the Honorable J. Whitaker
Thompson, Circuit Judges of the Third Judicial Circuit, and the
other judges and officers of the United States Circuit Court of Ap-
peals for the Third Circuit, to show cause why the relief should not
be granted as prayed. Said rule shall be returnable on Monday,
May 23, at twelve o'clock, when the parties will be heard upon the
question of the jurisdiction of the Circuit Court of Appeals to make
the order complained of.
No. 298. United States, ex relatione Societe de Condensation et
D'applications Mecaniques, petitioner, v. Conway P. Coe, Commis-
sioner of Patents. Motion for leave to file second petition for re-
hearing submitted by Mr. Reeve Lewis for the petitioner.

MONDAY, MAY 16, 1938
259
No. 16, original. State of Missouri, complainant, v. State of Iowa.
Joint motion for the appointment of a Special Master presented.
Adjourned until Monday, May 23, next, at 12 o'clock.
☑

MONDAY, MAY 23, 1938
260
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: The Chief Justice, Mr. Justice McReynolds, Mr. Justice
Brandeis, Mr. Justice Butler, Mr. Justice Stone, Mr. Justice Roberts,
Mr. Justice Black, and Mr. Justice Reed.
D. Roland Potter, of Mount Pleasant, Tex.; Sherwood E. Hall, of
White Plains, N. Y.; George Hinman Folsom, of Washington, D. C.;
Clifford A. Russell, of Jamestown, N. Y.; David R. Shelton, of New
York City; Frank P. Ryan, of Minneapolis, Minn.; Arthur M. Mann,
of Port Huron, Mich.; R. O. Ingle, of Sallisaw, Okla.; Hiram C.
Bolsinger, of Cincinnati, Ohio; Joseph H. Hoodin, of Cincinnati,
Ohio; Willett H. Parr, Jr., of Lebanon, Ind.; Willett H. Parr, of
Lebanon, Ind.; Hugh Peterson, of Ailey, Ga.; Ara Allen Parr, of
Lebanon, Ind.; Louis B. Englander, of Newark, N. J.; Arlyne Lans-
dale, of Los Angeles, Calif.; Marion Floyd Green, of Sallisaw, Okla.;
Humphrey Statter, Jr., of New York City; Chas. L. Vaughan, of
Lafayette, Ind.; Thomas G. Carney, of Washington, D. C.; Clifford
J. Durr, of Birmingham, Ala.; James F. Green, of Sallisaw, Okla.;
Margaret Gettys Hall, of Modesto, Calif.; Mark I. Avramo, of New
York City; Elmer L. Corbin, of Washington, D. C.; Hyman S.
Subrin, of Akron, Ohio; Max Chopnick, of New York City; Roger
C. Clement, of New York City; Harry S. Mackey, of Washington,
D. C.; Donald G. Welsh, of Washington, D. C.; Fred C. Sacks, of
Washington, D. C.; John B. Jago, of Manila, P. I.; James William
Gill, of Silver Spring, Md.; Jeremiah F. Driscoll, of Boston, Mass.;
Thomas I. Sheridan, of New York City; Philip Warren, of New York
City; Anne McDonald, of San Francisco, Calif.; Raymond C..
Cushwa, of Washington, D. C.; Henry MacDonald, of New York
City; William H. Vodrey, Jr., of East Liverpool, Ohio; William H.
Vodrey, of East Liverpool, Ohio; Howard Nelson Moore, of Wheel-
ing, W. Va.; Frederic Arnold Daum, of Washington, D. C.; Eldon
Peter Schrup, of Dubuque, Iowa; Chas. E. Donnelly, of Los Angeles,
Calif.; Ivan Heideman, of Washington, D. C.; Chester Welde
Cuthell, of New York City; Daniel C. Rogers, of Fayette, Mo.; and
William D. Fuguet, of New York City, were admitted to practice.
No. 699. John A. Johnson, petitioner, v. Fred G. Zerbst, Warden,
United States Penitentiary, Atlanta, Georgia. On writ of certiorari
to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit.
Judgment reversed and cause remanded to the District Court of the
19746-38-8

MONDAY, MAY 23, 1938
261
United States for the Northern District of Georgia for further pro-
ceedings in conformity with the opinion of this Court. Opinion by
Mr. Justice Black. Mr. Justice Reed concurs in the reversal. Mr.
Justice McReynolds is of opinion that the judgment of the court
below should be affirmed. Mr. Justice Butler is of the opinion that
the record shows that petitioner waived the right to have counsel,
that the trial court had jurisdiction, and that the judgment of the
Circuit Court of Appeals should be affirmed. Mr. Justice Cardozo
took no part in the consideration or decision of this case.
No. 882. Marion H. Allen, Collector of Internal Revenue for the
District of Georgia, petitioner, v. Regents of the University System
of Georgia. On writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court
of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit. Decree reversed with costs and
cause remanded to the District Court of the United States for the
Northern District of Georgia for further proceedings in conformity
with the opinion of this Court. Opinion by Mr. Justice Roberts.
Mr. Justice Black concurs in the result. Mr. Justice Cardozo took no
part in the consideration or decision of this case. Opinion by Mr.
Justice Reed concurring in the result. Opinion by Mr. Justice Stone
concurring in the result. Dissenting opinion by Mr. Justice Butler
in which Mr. Justice McReynolds concurs.
No. 779. Guy T. Helvering, Commissioner of Internal Revenue,
petitioner, v. Philip L. Gerhardt;
No. 780. Guy T. Helvering, Commissioner of Internal Revenue,
petitioner, v. Billings Wilson; and
No. 781. Guy T. Helvering, Commissioner of Internal Revenue,
petitioner, v. John J. Mulcahy. On writs of certiorari to the United
States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit. Judgments
reversed and cases remanded to the said Circuit Court of Appeals
for further proceedings in conformity with the opinion of this Court.
Opinion by Mr. Justice Stone. Mr. Justice Cardozo and Mr. Justice
Reed took no part in the consideration or decision of this case. Con-
curring opinion by Mr. Justice Black. Dissenting opinion by Mr.
Justice Butler in which Mr. Justice McReynolds concurs.
No. 773. Aetna Insurance Company, petitioner, v. United Fruit
Company;
No. 774. Union Marine & General Insurance Company, Ltd., etc.,
petitioner, v. United Fruit Company; and
No. 775. Boston Insurance Company, petitioner, v. United Fruit
Company. On writs of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court
of Appeals for the Second Circuit. Judgments affirmed with costs
and cases remanded to the District Court of the United States for the
Southern District of New York. Opinion by Mr. Justice Stone.
Mr. Justice Cardozo took no part in the consideration or decision of
this case.

MONDAY, MAY 23, 1938
262
No. 761. William Mahoney, as Liquor Control Commissioner of
the State of Minnesota, et al., appellants, v. Joseph Triner Corpora-
tion. Appeal from the District Court of the United States for the
District of Minnesota. Decree reversed with costs and cause re-
manded to the said District Court for further proceedings in con-
formity with the opinion of this Court. Opinion by Mr. Justice
Brandeis. Mr. Justice Reed concurs in the result. Mr. Justice Car-
dozo took no part in the consideration or decision of this case.
No. 915. Federal Power Commission, petitioner, v. Metropolitan
Edison Company et al. On writ of certiorari to the United States
Circuit Court of Appeals for the Third Circuit. Decree reversed and
cause remanded to the said Circuit Court of Appeals with direction
to dismiss the respondents' petition. Opinion by Mr. Chief Justice
Hughes. Mr. Justice Roberts and Mr. Justice Cardozo took no part
in the consideration and decision of this case.
No., original. The State of Oklahoma, upon the relation of
Howard C. Johnson, Bank Commissioner, plaintiff, v. R. M. Cook.
Motion for leave to file complaint denied and rule discharged. Opin-
ion by Mr. Chief Justice Hughes. Mr. Justice Cardozo took no part
in the consideration and decision of this case.
No. 938. Floyd Hudson and Elizabeth Fitch, Executrix, etc., peti-
tioners, v. Pius Moonier. On petition for writ of certiorari to the
United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Eighth Circuit. Peti-
tion for writ of certiorari granted. Judgment reversed with costs
and cause remanded to the said Circuit Court of Appeals for further
proceedings in conformity with the opinion of this Court. Opinion,
per curiam, announced by Mr. Chief Justice Hughes. Mr. Justice
Cardozo took no part in the consideration and decision of this case.
No. 947. The Laclede Gas Light Company, appellant, v. Public
Service Commission of Missouri and City of St. Louis. Appeal from
the Supreme Court of the State of Missouri. Motion to dismiss
granted and appeal dismissed. Opinion, per curiam, announced by
Mr. Chief Justice Hughes. Mr. Justice Cardozo took no part in the
consideration and decision of this case.
The Chief Justice announced the following orders of the Court:
No. 980. B. D. McAlvay, Harry M. Irwin, et al., etc., appellants, v.
B. C. Stockwell and V. E. Stockwell. Appeal from the Supreme
Court of the State of California. Per curiam: The appeal herein
is dismissed for the want of jurisdiction. Section 237 (a), Judicial
Code, as amended by the Act of February 13, 1925 (43 Stat. 936, 937).

MONDAY, MAY 23, 1938
263
Treating the papers whereon the appeal was allowed as a petition
for a writ of certiorari, as required by section 237 (c), Judicial Code,
as amended (43 Stat. 936, 938), certiorari is denied.
No. 996. John M. Hughes, appellant, v. Wisconsin Tax Commis-
sion, F. V. Haboeck, Assessor of Income, et al. Appeal from the
Supreme Court of the State of Wisconsin. Per curiam: The motion
of the appellees to dismiss the appeal is granted and the appeal is
dismissed for the want of a properly presented substantial federal
question. (1) Hiawassee Power Co. v. Carolina-Tenn. Co., 252 U. S.
341, 344; Whitney v. California, 274 U. S. 357, 360; White River
Co. v. Arkansas, 279 U. S. 692, 700; Morris v. Alabama, 302 U. S.
642. (2) Lawrence v. State Tax Commission, 286 U. S. 276, 279–
281; New York ex rel. Cohn v. Graves, 300 U. S. 308, 313.
No. 997. John P. Dromey, Administrator of the estate of Charles
Jensch, deceased, appellant, v. Wisconsin Tax Commission et al.
Appeal from the Supreme Court of the State of Wisconsin. Per
curiam: The motion of the appellees to dismiss the appeal is granted
and the appeal is dismissed for the want of a properly presented
substantial federal question. (1) Hiawassee Power Co. v. Carolina-
Tenn. Co., 252 U. S. 341, 344; Whitney v. California, 274 U. S. 357,
360; White River Co. v. Arkansas, 279 U. S. 692, 700; Morris v. Ala-
bama, 302 U. S. 642; (2) Lawrence v. State Tax Commission, 286
U. S. 276, 279-281; New York el rel. Cohn v. Graves, 300 U. S. 308,
313; Mitchell v. United States, 21 Wall. 350, 353.
No. 1010. Meyer Berman, appellant, v. Illinois Bell Telephone
Company et al. Appeal from the District Court of the United States
for the Northern District of Illinois. Per curiam: The motion to
affirm is granted.
The Chief Justice said:
"The other orders of the Court appear upon the list certified by
the Chief Justice and filed with the Clerk and will not be announced
orally."
No., original. Ex parte Dennis J. McCarthy, petitioner. Appli-
cation denied.
No. 16, original. The State of Missouri, complainant, v. The State
of Iowa. The joint motion for the appointment of a Special Master
is granted, and it is ordered that Samuel Williston, Esq., of Cam-
bridge, Massachusetts, be, and he hereby is, appointed Special Master
in this cause, with authority to summon witnesses, issue subpoenas,
and to take such evidence as may be introduced and such as he may
deem it necessary to call for. The Master is directed to make find-
ings of fact and conclusions of law, and to submit the same to this

MONDAY, MAY 23, 1938
264
Court with all convenient speed, together with his recommendations
for a decree. The findings, conclusions, and recommendations of the
Master shall be subject to consideration, revision, or approval by the
Court. The Master shall be allowed his actual expenses and a reason-
able compensation for his services to be fixed hereafter by the Court.
The allowances to him, the compensation paid to his stenographic
and clerical assistants, and the cost of printing his report shall be
charged against and be borne by the parties in such proportion as
the Court hereafter may direct. If the appointment herein made
is not accepted, or if the place becomes vacant during the recess of
the Court, the Chief Justice shall have authority to make a new
designation which shall have the same effect as if originally made by
the Court herein.
No. 1025. Emelia Brooks, administratrix, etc., petitioner, v. The
City of Seattle. The motion for leave to proceed in forma pauperis
herein is granted.
No. 1018. Ex parte Paysoff Tinkoff, petitioner. On petition for
writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for
the Seventh Circuit;
No. 1020. Frank Clark, petitioner, v. The People of the State of
California. On petition for writ of certiorari to the District Court
of Appeal, 3rd Appellate District, State of California;
No. 1031. Edward Doll, petitioner, v. James A. Johnston, Warden,
U. S. Penitentiary, Alcatraz, California. On petition for writ of cer-
tiorari to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Ninth
Circuit. The motions for leave to proceed further herein in forma
pauperis are denied for the reason that the Court, upon examination
of the papers herein submitted, finds no ground upon which writs of
certiorari should be issued. The petitions for writs of certiorari are
therefore also denied.
No. 945. Frank T. Hines, Administrator of Veterans' Affairs, etc.,
petitioner, v. James J. Lowrey, Committee, etc. Petition for writ of
certiorari to the Supreme Court of the State of New York granted.
No. 966. Texas Consolidated Theatres, Inc., petitioner, v. S. H.
Pittman. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Cir-
cuit Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit granted.
No. 946. Frank T. Hines, Administrator of Veterans' Affairs, etc.,
petitioner, v. Lena Copsey, Guardian, etc. Petition for writ of cer-
tiorari to the Supreme Court of the State of California denied for
the want of a final judgment.
No. 973. Holyoke Water Power Company, petitioner, v. American
Writing Paper Company, Inc. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the First Circuit denied.

MONDAY, MAY 23, 1938
265
Mr. Justice Stone took no part in the consideration or decision of this
application.
No. 979. Globe Indemnity Company, petitioner, v. The United
States of America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United
States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit denied. Mr.
Justice Stone took no part in the consideration or decision of this
application.
No. 990. E. I. DuPont de Nemours & Company, Incorporated,
petitioner, v. Waxed Products Co., Inc. Petition for writ of cer-
tiorari to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Second
Circuit denied. Mr. Justice Roberts took no part in the consideration.
or decision of this application.
No. 1009. Northern Pacific Railway Company, petitioner, v.
Twohy Brothers Company. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit denied.
Mr. Justice Butler took no part in the consideration or decision of
this application.
No. 907. Carlisle Lumber Company, petitioner, v. National Labor
Relations Board. On petition for writ of certiorari to the United
States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit. The motion
for leave to proceed on the typewritten record is granted. The peti-
tion for writ of certiorari is denied.
No. 954. Leo Bradshaw, petitioner, v. Clyde O. Eastus, United
States Attorney, et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United
States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 963. The United States of America, Owner and operator of
the Cruiser "Chicago," et al., petitioners, v. Silver Line, Limited,
Owner and operator of the British Motor-Ship “Silverpalm," et al.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of
Appeals for the Ninth Circuit denied.
No. 964. Eppley Hotels Company, petitioner, v. City of Lincoln
and Frank J. Miller, as Treasurer, etc., et al. Petition for writ of
certiorari to the Supreme Court of the State of Nebraska denied.
No. 970. Remington Rand, Inc., petitioner, v. National Labor Re-
lations Board. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Circuit Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit denied.
No. 972. W. G. Arn et al., petitioners, v. Ray M. Dunnett et al.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of
Appeals for the Tenth Circuit denied.
No. 974. Consumers Construction Company, petitioner, v. Commis-
sioner of Internal Revenue. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the First Circuit denied.

MONDAY, MAY 23, 1938
266
No. 978. American National Bank of Portsmouth, petitioner, v.
Kate Walker Ames et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
Supreme Court of Appeals of the Commonwealth of Virginia denied.
No. 988. Alamo National Bank of San Antonio, by Walter B.
Napier, President, etc., petitioner, v. Commissioner of Internal Reve-
nue; and
No. 989. Mrs. L. W. Alexander, petitioner, v. Commissioner of
Internal Revenue. Petition for writs of certiorari to the United
States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 992. Conway Road Estates Company, petitioner, v. First
National Bank of Wellston. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Eighth Circuit
denied.
No. 998. Rita M. White, an infant, by her next friend, etc., et al.,
petitioners, v. Annie C. Wood. Petition for writ of certiorari to
the United States Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia
denied.
No. 999. Carolina Power & Light Company, petitioner, v. South
Carolina Public Service Authority et al.;
No. 1000. South Carolina Power Company, petitioner, v. South
Carolina Public Service Authority; and
No. 1001. South Carolina Electric & Gas Company, petitioner, v.
South Carolina Public Service Authority et al. Petition for writs
of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the
Fourth Circuit denied.
No. 1012. City of Chicago, petitioner, v. Harry Joseph, Receiver,
etc. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit
Court of Appeals for the Seventh Circuit denied.
No. 872. Black Diamond Steamship Corporation, petitioner, v.
National Labor Relations Board. Petition for writ of certiorari to
the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit
denied.
No. 298. United States, ex relatione societe de condensation et
d'applications mecaniques, petitioners, v. Conway P. Coe, Commis-
sioner of Patents. Motion for leave to file second petition for re-
hearing granted. The petition for rehearing is denied.
No. 240. H. L. Lynch, petitioner, v. Helen Kemp (now Helen
Durfey). Motion for leave to file petition for rehearing granted.
The petition for rehearing is denied.
No. 757. The United States of America, appellant, v. Milo W.
Bekins and Reed J. Bekins, as Trustees, etc., et al.; and
No. 772. Lindsay-Strathmore Irrigation District, appellant, v..
Milo W. Bekins and Reed J. Bekins, as Trustees, etc., et al.;

MONDAY, MAY 23, 1938
267
No. 760. Arkansas Fuel Oil Company, appellant, v. State of
Louisiana, ex rel. Hyman Muslow;
No. 874. City of Fort Worth et al., petitioners, v. Lone Star Gas
Company;
No. 886. Harry E. Wiese, petitioner, v. Commissioner of Internal
Revenue; and
No. 893. R. J. Reynolds Tobacco Company, petitioner, v. C. H.
Robertson, Collector of Internal Revenue, etc. Petitions for rehear-
ing denied.
No. 396. Kellogg Company, petitioner, v. National Biscuit Com-
pany; and
No. 1053. Kellogg Company, petitioner, v. National Biscuit Com-
pany. The motion for a stay is granted, and further proceedings in
the United States District Court for the District of Delaware are
stayed pending action upon the petition for writ of certiorari seeking
a review of the order of the United States Circuit Court of Appeals
for the Third Circuit entered May 5, 1938, recalling and clarifying
the mandate, and upon the motion for leave to file a second petition
for rehearing.
No. 11, original. The State of Texas, complainant, v. The State of
New Mexico et al. Supplemental ad interim report submitted by Mr.
Charles Warren, Special Master.
No. 72. Crown Cork & Seal Company, Inc., petitioner, v. Ferdinand
Gutmann Co., Inc. Motion to amend judgment submitted by Mr. Wil-
liam E. Warland for the respondent in support thereof and by Mr.
Thomas G. Haight, and Mr. John J. Darby for the petitioners in
opposition thereto.
No. 396. Kellogg Company, petitioner, v. National Biscuit Com-
pany. Motion for leave to file a second petition for rehearing sub-
mitted by Mr. W. H. Crichton Clarke for the petitioner.
No. 674. The Schriber-Schroth Company, petitioner, v. The Cleve-
land Trust Company, Chrysler Corporation;
No. 675. The Aberdeen Motor Supply Company, petitioner, v. The
Cleveland Trust Company, Chrysler Corporation; and
No. 676. The F. E. Rowe Sales Company, petitioner, v. The Cleve-
land Trust Company, Chrysler Corporation. Motion for leave to file
petition for rehearing submitted by Mr. Charles E. Riordon in behalf
of counsel for the petitioners.
No. 11, original. October Term, 1934. State of New Jersey, com-
plainant, v. State of Delaware. Motion for leave to file petition for
rehearing submitted by Mr. Duane E. Minard for the complainant.

MONDAY, MAY 23, 1938
268
No., original. Ex parte Harry M. Blair, petitioner. Motion
for leave to file petition for writ of certiorari submitted by Mr.
George Pfeil for the petitioner.
No. 21, original. Ex parte National Labor Relations Board, peti-
tioner. Return to rule to show cause presented.
No. 21, original. Ex parte National Labor Relations Board, peti-
tioner. Argued on the petition for writs of prohibition and man-
damus and the return to the rule to show cause upon the question
of the jurisdiction of the Circuit Court of Appeals to make the order
complained of, by Mr. Robert B. Watts for the petitioner, National
Labor Relations Board, by Mr. Luther Day for Republic Steel Cor-
poration, and submitted upon the return of the respondents, Honor-
able Joseph Buffington, Honorable J. Warren Davis, and Honorable
J. Whitaker Thompson, Judges of the United States Circuit Court.
of Appeals for the Third Circuit.
Adjourned until Tuesday, May 31, next, at 12 o'clock.
19746-38-
-94

TUESDAY, MAY 31, 1938
269
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: The Chief Justice, Mr. Justice Brandeis, Mr. Justice
Butler, Mr. Justice Stone, Mr. Justice Roberts, Mr. Justice Black,
and Mr. Justice Reed.
James F. Byrnes, of Spartanburg, S. C.; Frank R. Broadway, of
Montgomery, Ala.; Julian G. Gibbs, of Washington, D. C.; Clifton
W. Brannon, of Atlanta, Ga.; H. Webb Shadle, of Sacramento,
Calif.; Percy C. Heckendorf, of Santa Barbara, Calif.; Carl B..
Sturzenacker, of Sacramento, Calif.; George C. Dayton, of Dade
City, Fla.; William Griffith Purcell, of Richmond, Va.; Alfred Henry
Myers, of Cincinnati, Ohio; Cedric Vogel, of Cincinnati, Ohio;
Horace G. Marks, of New York City; H. W. Glensor, of San Fran-
cisco, Calif.; Thomas E. Walsh, of Washington, D. C.; Clarke B.
Payne, of Winchester, Ind.; Meta S. Wooden, of Battle Creek, Mich.;
Joseph M. Pulvino, of Rochester, N. Y.; Gladys Shannon, of Fort
Worth, Tex.; Douglas H. Jones, of St. Louis, Mo.; N. Andrew Olsen,
of Washington, D. C.; Richard A. Betts, of Findlay, Ohio; Arthur
L. Johnson, of Washington, D. C.; Frank J. Filippi, of San Fran-
cisco, Calif.; Gallitzen A. Farabaugh, of South Bend, Ind.; H.
Thomas Austern, of Washington, D. C.; Thomas J. Duffy, of Colum-
bus, Ohio; John V. Hanney, of Chicago, Ill.; Merritt B. Curtis, of
San Bernardino, Calif.; William J. MacGuire, of Atlanta, Ga.;
Owsley Vose, of Evanston, Ill.; Breedlove Smith, of El Paso, Tex.;
Stewart Berkshire, of El Paso, Tex.; George Wilson McKeag, of
Philadelphia, Pa.; Frederick J. Shoyer, of Philadelphia, Pa.; Ken-
dall H. Shoyer, of Philadelphia, Pa.; Edwin J. Lukas, of New York
City; James J. Kilgallon, of Chicago, Ill.; Joseph P. McCarthy, of
Washington, D. C.; Frank H. Terrell, of Kansas City, Mo.; Paul M.
Peterson, of Columbia, Mo.; Franklin E. Reagan, of Jefferson City,
Mo.; John W. Nance, of Rogers, Ark.; Beverly H. Randolph, Jr., of
Richmond, Va.; Edwin Denman Green, of Phoenix, Ariz.; Roger
Robb, of Washington, D. C.; Ernest Russell McHale, of East St.
Louis, Ill.; Louis Zimmerman, of New York City; Oscar Garcia-
Rivera, of New York City; John M. Treveiler, of Winnetka, Ill.;
John P. Feeley, of Hazelton, Pa.; Chauncey D. Everard, of Balti-
more, Md.; Herbert Joseph Smith, of Westerly, R. I.; Arthur Kreis-
man, of St. Louis, Mo.; Addison C. Ely, of Westfield, N. J.; Alan B.
Brown, of Salt Lake City, Utah; Philip Werner Amram, of Phila-
delphia, Pa.; Marshall A. Coyne, of Philadelphia, Pa.; Alexander
R. Staples, of Philadelphia, Pa.; Lambert Ott, Jr., of Philadelphia,
19746-38- -95

TUESDAY, MAY 31, 1938
270
Pa.; Philip Sterling, of Philadelphia, Pa.; John Hemphill, of Phila-
delphia, Pa.; Bernard G. Segal, of Philadelphia, Pa.; Leopold C.
Glass, of Philadelphia, Pa.; Alexander Conn, of Philadelphia, Pa.;
Frank B. Murdock, Jr., of Philadelphia, Pa.; Otto C. Doering, Jr.,
of Scarsdale, N. Y.; Carbery F. O'Shea, of Washington, D. C.; James
E. Newton, of Seattle, Wash.; Henry M. Sinclair, of Winter Haven,
Fla.; William Calvert Welborn, of Evansville, Ind.; William Fried-
man, of Detroit, Mich.; George L. Quinn, Jr., of Washington, D. C.;
Clifford Spence M. Grayson, of Washington, D. C.; George W.
Trammell, Jr., of Long Beach, Calif.; Carnegie York, of Washing-
ton, D. C.; Arthur W. Scharfeld, of Washington, D. C.; and Edward
A. Penprase, of Los Angeles, Calif., were admitted to practice.
No. 715. James M. Wright, petitioner, v. Union Central Life In-
surance Company; and
No. 716. James M. Wright, petitioner, v. Union Central Life
Insurance Company. On writs of certiorari to the United States
Circuit Court of Appeals for the Seventh Circuit. Judgments
affirmed in part and reversed in part, petitioner to pay one third of
the costs in this Court and respondent two thirds, and cause re-
manded to the District Court of the United States for the Northern
District of Indiana for further proceedings in conformity with the
opinion of this Court. Opinion by Mr. Justice Reed. Mr. Justice
Cardozo took no part in the consideration or decision of this case.
No. 870. R. E. Collins, John C. Corbett, and Fred B. Stewart,
et al., appellants, v. Yosemite Park and Curry Co. Appeal from
the District Court of the United States for the Northern District
of California. Decree reversed with costs and cause remanded to
the said District Court for further proceedings in conformity with
the opinion of this Court. Opinion by Mr. Justice Reed. Mr.
Justice McReynolds is of opinion that the decree below should be
reversed because as stated by counsel for appellants, "The acts of
cession and acceptance reserved to the state the right to levy upon.
and collect from the appellee company the type of tax imposed by
the Alcoholic Beverage Control Act." Also, that the discussion
should be confined to that point. Mr. Justice Cardozo took no part
in the consideration or decision of this case.
No. 21, original. Ex parte National Labor Relations Board, peti-
tioner. Petition for writs of prohibition and mandamus granted.
Opinion by Mr. Justice Roberts. Mr. Justice Stone and Mr. Justice
Cardozo took no part in the consideration or decision of this case.
Dissenting opinion by Mr. Justice Butler in which Mr. Justice
McReynolds concurs.

TUESDAY, MAY 31, 1938
271
No. 798. The Denver Union Stock Yard Company, appellant, v.
The United States of America and Secretary of Agriculture. Ap-
peal from the District Court of the United States for the District
of Colorado. Decree affirmed. Opinion by Mr. Justice Butler.
Mr. Justice Black concurs in the result. Mr. Justice Cardozo took
no part in the consideration or decision of this case.
No. 581. Fred O. Morgan, doing business as Fred O. Morgan Sheep
Commission Company, et al., appellants, v. The United States of
America et al. Petition for rehearing denied. Opinion, per curiam,
announced by Mr. Chief Justice Hughes. Mr. Justice Black dis-
sents. Mr. Justice Cardozo and Mr. Justice Reed took no part in
the consideration and decision of this petition.
The Chief Justice announced the following orders of the Court:
No. 993. Champlin Refining Company, appellant, v. Frank J.
Ryan, as Secretary of State of the State of Kansas. Appeal from
the Supreme Court of the State of Kansas. Per curiam: The appeal
herein is dismissed for the want of jurisdiction. Section 237 (a),
Judicial Code, as amended by the act of February 13, 1925 (43 Stat.
936, 937). The petition for writ of certiorari is denied.
No. 1004. Mutual Benefit, Health and Accident Association, peti-
tioner, v. Lena Bowman. On petition for writ of certiorari to the
United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Eighth Circuit.
Per curiam: The petition for writ of certiorari is granted limited
to the question of the right of respondent to recover under the law
of New Mexico. The judgment of the Circuit Court of Appeals is
vacated and the cause is remanded to the Circuit Court of Appeals
for determination of the question presented. Erie Railroad Com-
pany v. Tompkins, - U. S. - (decided April 25, 1938); New York
Life Insurance Company v. Jackson, - U. S. (decided May 16,
1938); Rosenthal v. New York Life Insurance Company, U. S.
- decided May 16, 1938).
-
-
No. 1045. H. L. Mosher, appellant, v. American Surety Company
of New York et al. Appeal from the Superior Court of Maricopa
County, State of Arizona. Per curiam: The motion of the appellee
to dismiss the appeal is granted and the appeal is dismissed for
the want of jurisdiction. Section 237 (a), Judicial Code, as
amended by the act of February 13, 1925 (43 Stat. 936, 937). Treat-
ing the papers whereon the appeal was allowed as a petition for a
writ of certiorari as required by section 237 (c), Judicial Code, as
amended (43 Stat. 936, 938), certiorari is denied.
No. 948. Frank Ned, alleged incompetent, in his own behalf, et al.,
appellants, v. F. P. Robinson. Appeal from the Supreme Court of

TUESDAY, MAY 31, 1938
272
the State of Oklahoma. Per curiam: The appeal herein is dismissed
for the want of jurisdiction. Section 237 (a), Judicial Code, as
amended by the Act of February 13, 1925 (43 Stat. 936, 938). The
petition for writ of certiorari is denied.
No. 1030. Oil Shares Incorporated, petitioner, v. Commercial
Trust Company of New Jersey et al. On petition for writ of
certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the
Third Circuit. Per curiam: The petition for writ of certiorari is
granted, the decree of the Circuit Court of Appeals is reversed, and
the decree of the District Court dismissing the complaint as to the
respondent, Commercial Trust Company of New Jersey, is vacated.
The cause is remanded to the District Court with instructions to
set forth its findings of fact and conclusions of law in accordance
with Equity Rule 70%.
The Chief Justice said:
"The other orders of the Court appear upon the list certified by
the Chief Justice and filed with the Clerk and will not be announced
orally."
ORDER
It is ordered that paragraph 5 (b) of Rule 38 of the Rules of
this Court be amended so as to read as follows:
"(b) Where a circuit court of appeals has rendered a decision in
conflict with the decision of another circuit court of appeals on the
same matter; or has decided an important question of local law in a
way probably in conflict with applicable local decisions; or has
decided an important question of federal law which has not been,
but should be, settled by this court; or has decided a federal question
in a way probably in conflict with applicable decisions of this court;
or has so far departed from the accepted and usual course of judicial
proceedings, or so far sanctioned such a departure by a lower court,
as to call for an exercise of this court's power of supervision."
ORDER
It is ordered that paragraph (3) of Rule II of the Rules of
Practice and Procedure in Criminal Cases be, and the same is hereby,
amended to read as follows:
"(3) Except in capital cases a motion for a new trial solely upon
the ground of newly-discovered evidence may be made within sixty
(60) days after final judgment, without regard to the expiration of
the term at which judgment was rendered, unless an appeal has been
taken and in that event the trial court may entertain the motion
only on remand of the case by the appellate court for that purpose,

TUESDAY, MAY 31, 1938
273
and such remand may be made at any time before final judgment. In
capital cases the motion may be made at any time before execution
of the judgment.
―.
"
No. President of the United States of America, on the relation
of Gennaro Caputo, petitioner, v. John J. Kelly, United States
Marshal, et al., etc. The application for a stay pending action upon
a petition for writ of certiorari, referred by Mr. Justice Stone to
the Court, is denied.
No., original. Ex parte Merritt B. Schuyler, petitioner. Appli-
cation denied.
No. 1, original. State of Georgia, complainant, v. The Tennessee
Copper Company et al. The return to the rule to show cause is
received and ordered to be filed with leave to file a supplemental
return on or before October 3, next.
No. 11, original. October Term, 1934. The State of New Jersey,
complainant, v. The State of Delaware. The motion for leave to file
petition for rehearing is granted. The petition for rehearing is
denied.
No. 11, original. State of Texas, complainant, v. State of New
Mexico. The motion for leave to file petition and brief on behalf of
Belen-Ladera Acequia, as amicus curiae is denied.
No. 11, original. State of Texas, complainant, v. State of New
Mexico. The supplemental ad interim report of the Special Master
is received and ordered to be filed.
No. 22, original. Ex parte Harry M. Blair, petitioner. The motion
to defer consideration is denied. The motion for leave to file petition
for writ of certiorari is granted. The petition for writ of certiorari
to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Fourth Circuit
is denied. Mr. Justice Roberts took no part in the consideration or
decision of this application.
No. 1021. Harry M. Blair, Robert Owston, et al., petitioners, v.
George W. McClintic, Judge, etc. The motion to defer consideration
is denied. The petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Circuit Court of Appeals for the Fourth Circuit is denied. Mr.
Justice Roberts took no part in the consideration or decision of this
application.
No. -, original. Ex parte A. K. Fowler, Administrator, etc., et al.
The motion for leave to file petition for writ of mandamus is denied.
No. 1049. A. K. Fowler, Administrator, etc., et al., petitioners, v.
Russell B. Seymour, Trustee, etc. The petition for writ of certiorari
to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit.
is denied.

TUESDAY, MAY 31, 1938
274
No. 18, original. Ex parte Paysoff Tinkoff, petitioner. The peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of
Appeals for the Seventh Circuit is denied.
No. 396. Kellogg Company, petitioner, v. National Biscuit Com-
pany, and
No. 1053. Kellogg Company, petitioner, v. National Biscuit Com-
pany. The motion for leave to file a second petition for rehearing
is granted. The second petition for rehearing is granted. The
order denying a writ of certiorari is vacated and the petition for
writ of certiorari seeking review of the judgment of the Circuit
Court of Appeals entered on April 12, 1937, is granted. The petition
for writ of certiorari seeking review of the order recalling and clari-
fying the mandate of the Circuit Court of Appeals is also granted.
Further proceedings in the United States District Court for the
District of Delaware are stayed pending action of the Court upon
the writs of certiorari hereby granted. Mr. Justice Stone and Mr.
Justice Roberts took no part in the consideration or decision of
these applications.
No. 674. The Schriber-Schroth Company, petitioner, v. The Cleve-
land Trust Company, Chrysler Corporation;
No. 675. The Aberdeen Motor Supply Company, petitioner, v. The
Cleveland Trust Company, Chrysler Corporation; and
No. 676. The F. E. Rowe Sales Company, petitioner, v. The Cleve-
land Trust Company, Chrysler Corporation. The motion for leave
to file a second petition for rehearing is granted. The second peti-
tion for rehearing is granted. The order denying certiorari is va-
cated and the petition for writs of certiorari is granted.
No. 357. General Talking Pictures Corporation, petitioner, v.
Western Electric Company, Inc. The petition for rehearing is
granted upon the first two questions presented in the petition for
writ of certiorari and the cause is assigned for argument on Mon-
day, October 10, 1938. The motion to stay the mandate pending
rehearing and determination by the Court is granted.
No. 313. Lone Star Gas Company, appellant, v. State of Texas
et al. It is ordered that the opinion in this cause be amended by
striking the word "interstate" from the ninth line on page four
thereof and substituting the word "intrastate" therefor, so that the
sentence will read: "The fair value of its intrastate property was thus
claimed to be $38,350,882.32 and the net amount available at the
Commission's rate for return on intrastate deliveries of gas as less
than four per cent."
No. 72. Crown Cork & Seal Company, Inc., petitioner, v. Ferdi-
nand Gutmann Co., Inc. The motion to amend the judgment is
denied.

TUESDAY, MAY 31, 1938
275
No. 1051. Robert J. Suhay, alias Robert Suhay, et al., petitioners,
v. The United States of America. On petition for writ of certiorari
to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Tenth Circuit;
No. 1062. Michael Carnevale, petitioner, v. The State of New
York. On petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of
the State of New York;
No. 1067. Abraham Sandlofer, petitioner, v. The City of New
York. On petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of
the State of New York; and
No. 1064. Pierce Lonergan, petitioner, v. The United States of
America. On petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Circuit Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit. The motions for
leave to proceed further herein in forma pauperis are denied for the
reason that the Court, upon examination of the papers herein sub-
mitted, finds no ground upon which writs of certiorari should be
issued. The petitions for writs of certiorari are therefore also
denied.
No. 984. Dan B. Shields, Individually, etc., et al., petitioners, v.
The Utah Idaho Central Railroad Company. Petition for writ of
certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the
Tenth Circuit granted.
No. 1008. The Colorado National Bank of Denver et al., peti-
tioners, v. Commissioner of Internal Revenue. Petition for writ of
certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Tenth
Circuit granted.
No. 1042. Munro L. Lyeth, petitioner, v. James J. Hoey, Collector
of Internal Revenue, etc. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United
States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit granted.
No. 1043. Hyman Scher, alias William Scher, petitioner, v. The
United States of America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Sixth Circuit granted.
No. 1048. Roy G. Harris and Benjamin F. J. Odell, petitioners, v.
Avery Brundage Company et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Seventh Circuit
granted.
No. 1016. The Sovereign Camp of the Woodmen of the World,
petitioner, v. William F. Bolin et al. Petition for writ of certiorari
to the Kansas City Court of Appeals, State of Missouri, granted.
No. 986. Blakely D. McCaughn, Director of Wharves, etc., peti-
tioner, v. Philadelphia Piers, Inc., et al. Petition for writ of certio-
rari to the Supreme Court of the State of Pennsylvania is denied for
the want of a final judgment.

TUESDAY, MAY 31, 1938
276
No. 937. Mutual Benefit Health and Accident Association, peti-
tioner, v. Mannow D. Moyer. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit denied.
No. 982. American Woolen Company, petitioner, v. The United
States, and
No. 983. American Woolen Company, petitioner, v. The United
States. Petition for writs of certiorari to the Court of Claims is
denied.
No. 987. Pacific Steamship Lines, Limited, petitioner, v. Tom
Mack. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit
Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit denied.
No. 994. J. M. Mackey, petitioner, v. City of Little Rock et al.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of
Appeals for the Eighth Circuit denied.
No. 995. Nettie E. Livermore, petitioner, v. Peter H. Miller, Col-
lector of Internal Revenue. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 1002. Pillsbury Flour Mills Co., petitioner, v. The United
States of America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Court of Customs and Patent Appeals denied.
No. 1005. Grace H. Murray, Elsie S. Haight et al., petitioners, v.
The City of New York et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
Supreme Court of the State of New York denied.
No. 1006. Edward White, petitioner, v. Moses O. Youngblood.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of the State of
Illinois denied.
No. 1007. United States, ex rel. Iver Schmidt and James R.
Rucker, petitioners, v. Charles W. Miles, United States Marshal.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of
Appeals for the Sixth Circuit denied.
No. 1013. Angus C. Littlejohn, petitioner, v. The United States
of America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Cir-
cuit Court of Appeals for the Seventh Circuit denied.
No. 1024. Morris Meyers, petitioner, v. The United States of
America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit
Court of Appeals for the Sixth Circuit denied.
No. 1034. Harley L. Clarke, petitioner, v. M. M. Martin, Trustee
etc. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court
of Appeals for the Seventh Circuit denied.
No. 1041. The United States of America, ex rel. Simeon H. Reibeck
and Harry J. Mandell, petitioners, v. John J. Kelly, United States
Marshal etc., et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United
States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit denied.

TUESDAY, MAY 31, 1938
277
No. 1022. Charlotte Morehead et al., petitioners. v. The Central
Trust Company of Cincinnati, as executor, etc. Petitioner for writ of
certiorari to the Supreme Court of the State of Ohio denied.
No. 1014. The First National Bank and Trust Company of Kala-
mazoo, Michigan, petitioner, v. David E. Uhl, Receiver, etc. Petition
for writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals
for the Sixth Circuit denied.
No. 1054. Joseph Breen and Michael Breen, Sr., petitioners, v. The
United States of America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit
denied.
No. 1055. Stephen Callaghan et al., petitioners, v. Brocklyn Trust
Company. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Cir-
cuit Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit denied.
No. 1015. D. V. Johnson, doing business in name of Tennessee
Grain Company, petitioner, v. Igleheart Brothers, Incorporated.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of
Appeals for the Seventh Circuit denied.
No. 1058. Central Executive Council of Remington Rand Em-
ployes' Associations, petitioner, v. National Labor Relations Board.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court
of Appeals for the Second Circuit denied.
No. 1011. Anna B. Goldstone, petitioner, v. John A. Payne. Peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of Ap-
peals for the Second Circuit denied.
No. 1061. John H. Mellon, alias Albert B. Underwood, petitioner,
v. The United States of America. Petition for writ of certiorari to
the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit
denied.
No. 313. Lone Star Gas Company, appellant, v. State of Texas
et al.;
No. 671. Catherine Schultz, petitioner, v. Live Stock National Bank
of Chicago, Administrator, etc.;
No. 936. National Carbon Company, Inc., petitioner, v. The West-
ern Shade Cloth Company.;
No. 970. Remington Rand, Inc., petitioner, v. The United States
of America;
No. 985. Georgia M. Spruill, petitioner, v. Harryman Dorsey;
No. 988. Alamo National Bank of San Antonio, by Walter N.
Napier, President, etc., petitioner, v. Commissioner of Internal
Revenue;
No. 989. Mrs. L. W. Alexander, petitioner, v. Commissioner of
Internal Revenue; and
19746-38-96

TUESDAY, MAY 31, 1938
278
No. 882. Marion H. Allen, Collector of Internal Revenue, etc., peti-
tioner, v. Regents of the University System of Georgia. Petitions
for rehearing denied.
No. 915. Federal Power Commission, petitioner, v. Metropolitan
Edison Company et al. Mandate ordered to issue forthwith on motion
of Mr. Solicitor General Jackson for the petitioner.
No. 814. George E. Valli et al., petitioners, v. The United States
of America. On writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court
of Appeals for the First Circuit. Dismissed on motion of counsel for
the petitioners.
The Chief Justice announced the following order:
ORDER
All cases submitted and all business before the Court at this term in
readiness for disposition having been disposed of
It is ordered by this Court that all cases on the docket be, and they
are hereby, continued to the next term.
Adjourned to the time and place appointed by law.