OCTOBER TERM, 1939
STATISTICS
Number of cases on docket..
Cases disposed of
Remaining on docket --
Cases disposed of-
By written opinions___.
By per curiam opinions_
Original Appellate Total
15
1,063
1,078
4
942
946
11
121
132
By denial or dismissal of petitions for certiorari..
By motion to dismiss or per stipulation ___
Number of written opinions_.
Number of admissions to bar___.
REFERENCE INDEX
Butler, J., death of, announced___
151
97
690
8.
137
1,016
Page.
73
Butler, J., resolutions of the Bar presented by Attorney Gen-
eral Jackson_____
242
Murphy, J., commission read and oath taken (February 5,
1940).
146
Robert H. Jackson, Attorney General, presented his Commis-
sion
126
Francis Biddle, Solicitor General, presented -----
126
Proceedings commemorating 150th Anniversary of Court
(February 1, 1940) ----
136
Address of Attorney General Jackson___
136
Address of Charles A. Beardsley, President of American
Bar Association___
139
Address of the Chief Justice___
141
Advisory Committee requested to submit amendments to Rules
of Civil Procedure___.
54
Administrative Office of United States Courts-
Henry P. Chandler appointed Director ____
Elmore Whitehurst appointed Assistant Director_-_
Transfer of appropriations_.
Allotment of Justices__
75
54
54, 221
158
181208-40-98

Disbarment, In the matter of-
Clyde H. Walker___
II
Page..
34
Anna L. Cooke__.
David B. Getz___
Walter C. Balderston__
French B. Loveland (failure to reply to Clerk's communi-
cations)
Rules of Supreme Court-Rule 41 amended__.
Regulations prescribed in reference to appeals from Court of
Claims appearing in 210 U. S. rescinded.
Bankruptcy-General Order 53 (2) amended______
34, 81
35,81
46
81, 109, 115
192
193
266
108
123
82, 164, 221
123
Rules of Civil Procedure-Rule 81 (a) (6) amended and re-
ported to Congress.
Counsel appointed (No. 562) --
Opinions amended (Nos. 43, 16, 210, 499)
Opinion withdrawn (No. 19) –
Judgments affirmed by equally divided Court (Nos. 48, 317,
204, 355)
75, 92, 129, 157
Bill of Complaint-motion for leave to file denied by equally
divided Court (Oklahoma v. Woodring) -.
Judgment reversed upon consent of Solicitor General (No.
698)
Mandamus-return to order to show cause why leave to file
should not be granted treated as answer to petition (No. 14,
Original)
Contempt rule issued requiring defendant to show cause why
leave to file petition for rule to show cause should not be
granted. Argued on return to rule to show cause and leave
to file petition granted. Defendant directed to show cause
why it should not be adjudged in contempt. Petition denied.
(No. 10, original, October Term, 1935) ___.
Moot case-motion to vacate granted (No. 22-State Court) --
Moot case-motion to reverse submitted. Judgment vacated
(No. 822-State Court) --
Moot case-judgment reversed (No. 35) ---
--
157
191
205
6, 174,219
2,5
257, 260
Pro hac vice-leave granted counsel not admitted to practice
to file papers and present oral argument (No. 667).
Appeal application for denied by entire Court (Bess v.
W. Va.).
106
171.
35
Appeal dismissed and certiorari granted (No. 201, 239, 822) -- 9,214
Appeal dismissed and treating appeal as petition for certiorari,
certiorari granted to review judgment on one count. Juris-
diction noted on appeal from judgment on the other count.
(No. 632)---
164

III
Certiorari denied with two Justices dissenting (Nos. 57, 64,
190, 238, 249, 250) ____.
Certiorari-petition for certiorari struck from docket on
ground that petition not presented by or on behalf of the
United States, the party to the record (No. 490) ---
Certiorari-petition directed to United States District Court
under temporary provision of Bankruptcy Act (Nos. 625,
793) --
Page.
14
76
131,223
Certiorari denied for failure to file within time (Nos. 639,
740)
148,207
Certiorari denied on ground that question presented not of
public importance because of repeal of statute involved
(No. 944) ---
254
Certiorari consideration of petition deferred until next term
(Nos. 552 and 558) …….
231
Continuance granted on motion of State of Virginia as amicus
curiae (No. 674) --
214
Suggestion of death-case dismissed on ground that action had
abated (No. 21) ---
2,5
36,
Suggestion of diminution of record (Nos. 342, 353, 722, 562) --
47, 195, 176, 190
Motion to join as party petitioner denied because made be-
yond time within which to file petition for writ of certiorari
(No. 286) -
Motion to intervene denied (No. 193). (Applicant was a
party to the record and could have joined in or filed separate
petition for certiorari.) Motion to file amicus curiae brief
also denied
Motion to intervene denied (No. 193).
55
62,67,90
71,75
Motion of State of Virginia for leave to intervene denied with
leave to file brief as amicus curiae (No. 674) -------- 200, 206
Motion of individual to intervene as party complainant in
original action between two States denied (No. 15, orig-
inal).
263, 267
Motion to release proceedings from order of secrecy denied
(No. 488) ___
77,83
Motion to require petitioner to post cost bond denied without
prejudice to application to Circuit Court of Appeals (No.
648) --
133, 149
Motion for immediate issuance of mandate denied (No.
593) __
234, 238
Motion for suspension of order of I. C. C. pending appeal
denied (Philadelphia-Detroit Lines v. U. S.)
60
Motion for stay granted and later vacated by order (No. 355)_47, 197

IV
___
Page.
237,268
Motion for stay granted until action on jurisdictional state-
ment. Jurisdiction noted and stay continued until final
disposition. (No. 930)
Motion for temporary restraining order pending motion for
leave to file petition for writ of mandamus denied (Ex parte
Meredith)
Rehearing withdrawn (Nos. 48, 317).
Rehearing denied with one Justice dissenting (No. 217) ---
Rehearing granted (Nos. 481, 584, 726, 417, 707, 548, 353) ---
237
133
58
82,
193, 221, 253, 261, 267
Rehearing granted and judgment reversed without oral argu-
ment. Later argued on petition of State of Texas for re-
hearing and rehearing denied, with opinion (No. 87) ------
190,
220, 257, 259
Rehearing granted (No. 473). Writ had been dismissed for
want of jurisdiction because it did not appear that decision
of the highest court of the State (New York) did not rest
upon an adequate nonfederal ground. Court of Appeals of
New York amended remittitur on motion and judgment on
remittitur was entered in New York Supreme Court. Sug-
gesting that the jurisdictional defect had been supplied, peti-
tioner moved for a rehearing_
Order suspending call of docket___
Order fixing adjournment date__.
Final order___
122, 149
233
240
273
U. S. GOVERNMENT PRINTING OFFICE: 1940

MONDAY, OCTOBER 2, 1939
1
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: The Chief Justice, Mr. Justice McReynolds, Mr. Justice
Stone, Mr. Justice Roberts, Mr. Justice Black, Mr. Justice Reed, Mr.
Justice Frankfurter, and Mr. Justice Douglas.
Francis M. Shea, of Buffalo, N. Y.; Samuel O. Clark, Jr., of New
York City; Masaji Marumoto, of Honolulu, T. H.; Ernest C. Lum, of
Newark, N. J.; Harve M. Duggins, of Knoxville, Tenn.; William M.
Kearney, of Reno, Nev.; Hal Petty, of Knoxville, Tenn.; A. Thur-
man Ridley, of Knoxville, Tenn.; Everett L. Gordon, of Chicago,
Ill.; Benjamin H. Matthews, of Chicago, Ill.: James P. Dillie, of
Chicago, Ill.; Charles Emory Taintor, of Los Angeles, Calif.; Joseph
C. Vesely, of Hopkins, Minn.; Robert M. C. Littler, of San Francisco,
Calif.; Dwight L. McCormack, of Dallas, Tex.; Hayden C. Covington,
of San Antonio, Tex.; Edward F. X. Ryan, of New York City;
Richard C. Goodspeed, of Los Angeles, Calif.; Juan Nevares Santiago,
of Fajardo, P. R.; Prentice E. Edrington, of Washington, D. C.;
Ruth Alberta Clark, of Miami Beach, Fla.; Curtis B. Camp, of
Chicago, Ill.; George H. McWherter, of Greensburg, Pa.; and Walter
C. Hardesty, Jr., of Daytona Beach, Fla.; were admitted to practice.
No. 329. Henry Russell, Lawrence Miller, et al., etc., petitioners,
v. James S. Todd, Joseph R. Work, et al., etc. Motion for leave to
file brief as amicus curiae submitted by Mr. Henry Woog, and the
motion denied.
No. 10, original. The State of Texas, complainant, v. The State of
New Mexico et al. Final report submitted by Mr. Charles Warren,
Special Master.
No., original. Ex parte Northern Pacific Railroad Company,
petitioner. Motion for leave to file petition for writ of mandamus
submitted by Mr. Raymond M. Hudson for the petitioner.
No., original. State of Oklahoma, upon the relation of Mac Q.
Williamson, Attorney General of the State of Oklahoma, etc., com-
plainant, v. Harry H. Woodring, Secretary of War of the United
States. Motion for leave to file Bill of Complaint submitted by
Mr. Mac Q. Williamson for the complainant.
181208-39-1

MONDAY, OCTOBER 2, 1939
2
No. 10, original, October Term 1935. The State of Wyoming, com-
plaint, v. The State of Colorado. Motion for leave to file petition
for rule to show cause submitted by Mr. James A. Greenwood and
Mr. W. J. Wehrli for the complainant.
No. 12. Royal Indemnity Company, petitioner, v. Woodbury
Granite Company, Inc., et al. On writ of certiorari to the United
States Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia. Dismissed
per stipulation of counsel.
No. 21. State of Florida, ex rel. William W. Vare, appellant, v.
W. V. Knott, State Treasurer, etc. Suggestion of death of the party
appellant submitted by Mr. Dean Acheson for the appellant.
No. 22. State of Florida, ex rel. Hardware Mutual Casualty Com-
pany et al., appellants, v. W. V. Knott, State Treasurer, etc. Mo-
tion to vacate judgment of the Supreme Court of Florida submitted
by Mr. Dean Acheson for the appellants.
No. 89. John G. Getz, Jr., et al., petitioners, v. Edinburg Con-
solidated Independent School District. On petition for writ of
certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the
Fifth Circuit. Dismissed on motion of counsel for the petitioners.
No. 101. Hamilton Gas Company et al., petitioners, v. Inland Gas
Corporation, Debtor, et al.;
No. 102. Piney Oil & Gas Company, petitioner, v. Inland Gas
Corporation, Debtor, et al.;
No. 103. Hamilton Gas Company, petitioner, v. Inland Gas Cor-
poration, Debtor, et al.; and
No. 104. Piney Oil & Gas Company, petitioner, v. Inland Gas
Corporation, Debtor, et al. On petitions for writs of certiorari to
the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Sixth Circuit.
Dismissed on motion of counsel for the petitioners.
Adjourned until Monday next, at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Monday, October 9, will be as follows: Nos. 1, 26,
4, 5, 6, 7, 8, 9, 10, and 11.

MONDAY, OCTOBER 9, 1939
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
3
Present: The Chief Justice, Mr. Justice McReynolds, Mr. Justice
Stone, Mr. Justice Roberts, Mr. Justice Black, Mr. Justice Reed, Mr.
Justice Frankfurter, and Mr. Justice Douglas.
Cutler W. Halverson, of Yakima, Wash.; George A. Meacham, of
Clinton, Okla.; Martin M. Lore, of Milwaukee, Wis.; Edward
O'Donnell Neel, of Augusta, Ga.; Benjamin Myron Parker, of New
York City; Sandy H. Singleton, of Duncan, Okla.; William Byram
Holst, of Washington, D. C.; Robert Reynolds Willard, of Ventura,
Calif.; Edmund F. Lamb, of New York City; John E. Purdy, of
New York City; Andrew B. Trudgian, of New York City; Roy
McKittrick of Jefferson City, Mo.; Arthur O'Keefe, of Jefferson
City, Mo.; Harry D. France, of Louisville, Ky.; H. Appleton Federa,
of Louisville, Ky.; William Hayes, of Covington, Ky.; George A.
Mason, of Chicago, Ill.; George A. Mason, Jr., of Chicago, Ill.;
Allen C. Orrick, of St. Louis, Mo.; John E. Deming, of Elizabeth-
town, N. Y.; Bernard H. Reich, of New York City; William Bours
Bond, of Jacksonville, Fla.; William H. Thomas, of Cleveland, Ohio;
Buell F. Jones, of Chicago, Ill.; John C. Stirrat, of Oakland, Calif.;
Norman Sanford Wolff, of San Francisco, Calif.; Taylor E. Wilhelm,
of Ottawa, Ill.; Leonard J. Grossman, of Chicago, Ill.; Richard S.
Munter, of Spokane, Wash.; Frank H. Fisse, of St. Louis, Mo.; and
Harry W. Kroeger, of St. Louis, Mo.; were admitted to practice.
The Chief Justice said:
"The orders of the Court appear upon the list certified by the
Chief Justice and filed with the Clerk and will not be announced
orally."
No. 75. Marie K. Baddour, as Administratrix C. T. A. of Raschid
S. Baddour, deceased, appellant, v. The City of Long Beach. Appeal
from the Supreme Court of the State of New York. Per curiam:
The appeal is dismissed for want of a substantial federal question.
Euclid v. Ambler, 272 U. S. 365, 387-388; Zahn v. Board of Public
Works, 274 U. S. 325, 327-328; Lewis v. Mayor, 290 U. S. 585; Jewish
Mental Society v. Village of Hastings, 297 U. S. 666; West Brothers
Brick Co. v. Alexandria, 302 U. S. 658.
No. 143. The People of the State of New York, ex rel. Retsof Min-
ing Company, appellant, v. Mark Graves, John J. Merrill, and John
181208-39-2

MONDAY, OCTOBER 9, 1939
4
P. Hennessey, Constituting the State Tax Commission of the State
of New York. Appeal from the Supreme Court of the State of New
York. Per curiam: Without passing on the question whether the
jurisdiction of the Court of Appeals was properly invoked by applica-
tion for leave to appeal to that court, the motion to dismiss the appeal
to this Court is granted and the appeal is dismissed for want of a
substantial federal question. Anderson v. Forty-Two Broadway Co.,
239 U. S. 69, 72-73; Denman v. Slayton, 282 U. S. 514, 519–520.
No. 150. Highway Steel & Manufacturing Company, appellant, v.
Crawford County Circuit Court and J. O. Kincannon, the Judge
thereof. Appeal from the Supreme Court of the State of Arkansas.
Per curiam: The appeal is dismissed for want of a substantial fed-
eral question. Hess v. Pawloski, 274 U. S. 352; St. Marys Petroleum
Co. v. West Virginia, 203 U. S. 183, 191–192; Bain Peanut Co. v.
Pinson, 282 U. S. 499.
No. 194. Fred P. Brown, appellant, v. Commonwealth of Massa-
chusetts. Appeal from the Superior Court, County of Suffolk, Com-
monwealth of Massachusetts. Per curiam: The appeal is dismissed
for want of a substantial federal question. Semler v. Oregon Dental
Examiners, 294 U. S. 608.
No. 212. Radium Dial Company, appellant, v. Edward T. Ryan,
Clerk of the Circuit Court of La Salle County, Illinois. Appeal from
the Supreme Court of the State of Illinois. Per curiam: The appeal
is dismissed for want of a substantial federal question. Louisville &
Nashville Rd. Co. v. Schmidt, 177 U. S. 230, 236; Holmes v. Conway,
241 U. S. 624, 631–632; Insurance Co. v. Glidden, 284 U. S. 151, 158;
Snyder v. Massachusetts, 291 U. S. 97, 105.
No. 296. People of the State of Illinois, ex rel. Emil Eitel and Karl
Eitel, appellants, v. John Toman, as Successor to Horace G. Lind-
heimer, etc., et al.; and
No. 297. People of the State of Illinois, ex rel. Sears, Roebuck &
Co., appellant, v. John Toman, as Successor to Horace G. Lind-
heimer, etc., et al. Appeals from the Supreme Court of the State of
Illinois. Per curiam: The motions to dismiss are granted and the
appeals are dismissed for want of a substantial federal question.
League v. Texas, 184 U. S. 156, 161–162; Kentucky Union Co. v.
Kentucky, 219 U. S. 140, 152–153; Satterlee v. Matthewson, 2 Pet.
378, 413; Violet Trapping Co. v. Grace, 297 U. S. 119, 120; Ingraham
v. Hanson, 297 U. S. 378, 381; Schenebeck v. McCrary, 298 U. S. 36,
37. Mr. Justice Stone and Mr. Justice Roberts took no part in the
consideration or decision of No. 297.
No. 322. Hibbard, Spencer, Bartlett & Company, a corporation,
appellant, v. City of Chicago, a Municipal Corporation. Appeal
from the Appellate Court, First District, 1st Division, State of Illi-

MONDAY, OCTOBER 9, 1939
5
nois. Per curiam: The motion to dismiss is granted and the appeal
is dismissed for want of a substantial federal question. Central
Land Co. v. Laidley, 159 U. S. 103, 112; Patterson v. Colorado, 205
U. S. 454, 461; Willoughby v. Chicago, 235 U. S. 45, 50; O'Neil v.
Northern Colorado Irrigation Co., 242 U. S. 20, 26–27; Dunbar v.
City of New York, 251 U. S. 516, 519; Rooker v. Fidelity Trust Co.,
261 U. S. 114, 118; Tidal Oil Co. v. Flanagan, 263 U. S. 444, 450;
American Railway Express Co. v. Kentucky, 273 U. S. 269, 273.
No. 173. The Trustees of Pillsbury Academy, a corporation, v. The
appellant, v. The State of Minnesota; and
No. 174. The Trustees of Pillsbury Academy, a corporation,
appellant, v. The State of Minnesota. Appeals from the Supreme
Court of the State of Minnesota. Per curiam: The motions to affirm
are granted and the judgments of the Supreme Court of Minnesota
are affirmed. Violet Trapping Co. v. Grace, 297 U. S. 119, 120;
Ingraham v. Hanson, 297 U. S. 378, 381; Schenebeck v. McCrary, 298
U. S. 36, 37. Mr. Justice Black took no part in the consideration or
decision of these cases.
No. 301. Carolene Products Company, appellant, v. Henry A.
Wallace, Secretary of Agriculture of the United States, et al. Ap-
peal from the District Court of the United States for the District of
Columbia. Per curiam: The motion to affirm is granted and the
decree of the District Court of the United States for the District of
Columbia is affirmed. Hygrade Provision Co. v. Sherman, 266 U. S.
497, 500; Spielman Motor Co. v. Dodge, 295 U. S. 89, 95–96.
No. 21. State of Florida, ex rel. William W. Vars, appellant, v.
W. V. Knott, State Treasurer and Insurance Commissioner of the
State of Florida, as Insurance Commissioner. Appeal from the Su-
preme Court of the State of Florida. Per curiam: The death of
William W. Vars, the appellant in this cause, having been suggested
by counsel for the said appellant, and counsel for the appellee hav-
ing indicated that they have no objection, the appeal is dismissed
on the ground that the cause of action has abated. Martin v. Balti-
more & Ohio Railroad, 151 U. S. 673, 691–692, 703; Kaipu v. Pink-
ham, 206 U. S. 566; Beard v. Arkansas, 207 U. S. 601, 602; Seale v.
Georgia, 209 U. S. 554.
No. 22. State of Florida, ex rel. Hardware Mutual Casualty Com-
pany et al., appellants, v. W. V. Knott, State Treasurer and Insur-
ance Commissioner of the State of Florida, as Insurance Commis-
sioner. Appeal from the Supreme Court of the State of Florida.
Per curiam: It appearing that the cause has become moot, the mo-
tion to vacate and remand is granted and the judgment of the
Supreme Court of Florida is vacated and the cause is remanded for

MONDAY, OCTOBER 9, 1939
6
such further proceedings as by that court may be deemed appropri-
ate.
No., original. Ex parte Richard J. Thomas, petitioner;
No. original. Ex parte John S. Farnsworth, petitioner;
,
No., original. Ex parte J. R. Palmer, petitioner ;
No., original. Ex parte Clyde H. Walker et al., petitioners; and
No. original. Ex parte E. R. Lindsey, petitioner. The motions.
for leave to file petitions for writs of habeas corpus are denied.
No.
-
Ex parte John F. Struthers, petitioner; and
No. Ex parte George Gossman et al., petitioners. Application
denied.
,
No. original. Ex parte Northern Pacific R. R. Co., by Charles E.
Schmidt et al., petitioners. The motion for leave to file petition for
writ of mandamus is denied.
No. . Northern Pacific R. R. Co., by Charles E. Schmidt, et al.,
appellants, v. The United States of America et al.; and
No. . Charles E. Schmidt et al., appellants, v. The United States
of America et al. The applications for the allowance of appeals pre-
sented to Mr. Justice Reed and referred by him to the Court are
denied.
No., original. State of Oklahoma, on the relation of Mac Q. Wil-
liamson, Attorney General of the State of Oklahoma, etc., complain-
ant, v. Harry H. Woodring, Secretary of War of the United States.
A rule is ordered to issue, returnable within forty days, requiring
the defendant to show cause why leave to file the Bill of Complaint
should not be granted. The Court directs the attention of the At-
torney General of the United States to this case in which the com-
plainant seeks to restrain the enforcement of an act of Congress
upon the ground that it is repugnant to the Constitution of the
United States.
No. 10, original, October Term 1935. State of Wyoming, com-
plainant, v. State of Colorado. A rule is ordered to issue, return-
able within forty days, requiring the defendant to show cause why
leave to file the petition for rule to show cause should not be granted.
No. 204. John T. Kobilkin, petitioner, v. Warren H. Pillsbury,
Deputy Commissioner of the United States Employees' Compensa-
tion Commission, etc., et al. The motion for leave to proceed in
forma pauperis is granted. The petition for writ of certiorari to the
United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit is
granted.
No. 141. William Roy Miller, petitioner, v. The United States of
America. On petition for writ of certiorari to the United States

MONDAY, OCTOBER 9, 1939
7
Circuit Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit. On consideration
of the suggestion of a diminution of the record and motion for a
writ of certiorari in that relation, the motion for a writ of certiorari
is granted. The motion for leave to proceed further herein in forma
pauperis is denied for the reason that the Court, upon examination
of the papers herein submitted, finds no ground upon which a writ of
certiorari should be issued. The petition for writ of certiorari is
therefore also denied.
No. 86. Fred Reger, petitioner, v. Robert H. Hudspeth, Warden,
etc. On petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit
Court of Appeals for the Tenth Circuit;
No. 106. Seab S. Nelson, petitioner, v. The United States of Amer-
ica. On petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit
Court of Appeals for the Eighth Circuit;
No. 119. Jessie Glover, individually and as next friend of her
minor children, Yvonne Glover, et al., petitioner, v. Compagnie
Generale Transatlantique. On petition for writ of certiorari to the
United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit;
No. 130. Charles J. Dodge et al., petitioners, v. Frank C. Dodge
et al. On petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit
Court of Appeals for the First Circuit;
No. 139. James T. Pell, petitioner, v. The T. J. Hall Company.
On petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court
of Appeals for the Sixth Circuit;
No. 145. Harry Lacy, petitioner, v. The State of Texas. On peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the Court of Criminal Appeals, State of
Texas:
No. 182. Charles Price, petitioner, v. The People of the State of
Illinois. On petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of
the State of Illinois:
No. 184. E. R. Lindsey, petitioner, v. J. M. McCauley, Warden, etc.
On petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of the State
of Washington;
No. 188. Jerome A. Jacobs, petitioner, v. The State of New York.
On petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals of the
State of New York;
No. 199. James E. Boyer, petitioner, v. The City of Salina, Kansas,
et al. On petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of the
State of Kansas:
No. 200. James E. Boyer, petitioner, v. Salina Journal et al. On
petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of the State of
Kansas:
No. 205. Henry W. Pullin, petitioner, v. The United States of
America. On petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Circuit Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit;

MONDAY, OCTOBER 9, 1939
8
No. 208. Louis E. McGowen, petitioner, v. The United States of
America. On petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia;
No. 214. In re Paysoff Tinkoff, petitioner. On petition for writ
of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the
Seventh Circuit;
No. 215. Charles Van Newkirk, petitioner, v. Cities Service Oil
Company. On petition for writ of certiorari to the United States.
Circuit Court of Appeals for the First Circuit ;
No. 216. Walker B. Buckner, petitioner, v. Robert H. Hudspeth,
Warden, etc. On petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Circuit Court of Appeals for the Tenth Circuit;
No. 224. Emil Pfaff, petitioner, v. J. M. McCauley, as Warden,
etc. On petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of the
State of Washington;
No. 227. Evelyn A. Horosko, petitioner, v. The School District of
the Township of Mount Pleasant et al. On petition for writ of certio-
rari to the Supreme Court of the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania;
No. 255. Daniel C. Regan, petitioner, v. D. A. Remer, Superin-
tendent, United States Prison Camp No. 11, Kooskia, Idaho. On
petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court
of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit;
No. 263. Orville Chester Garrison, petitioner, v. James A. John-
ston, Warden, etc. On petition for writ of certiorari to the United
States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit;
No. 298. Douglas Fouchaux, petitioner, v. Board of Commissioners
of the Port of New Orleans. On petition for writ of certiorari to
the Supreme Court of the State of Louisiana;
No. 303. Marian Meyers and Harold Laccombe, petitioners, v.
People of the State of California. On petition for writ of certiorari
to the District Court of Appeal, 3d Appellate District, State of
California;
No. 305. Earl Yon, petitioner, v. State of Florida. On petition
for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of the State of Florida;
No. 336. Mrs. Edna Hicks, petitioner, v. National Labor Relations
Board et al. On petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Circuit Court of Appeals for the Fourth Circuit;
No. 340. Henry Yuen, Roy Staton, et al., petitioners, v. People
of the State of California. On petition for writ of certiorari to the
District Court of Appeal, 3d Appellate District, State of California;
No. 341. Grant Spear, petitioner, v. People of the State of Cali-
fornia. On petition for writ of certiorari to the District Court of
Appeal, 3d Appellate District, State of California; and
No. 371. Edmond C. Fletcher, petitioner, v. Charles A. Jones and
Paul J. Frizzell, Trustees. On petition for writ of certiorari to the

MONDAY, OCTOBER 9, 1939
9
United States Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia. The
motions for leave to proceed further herein in forma pauperis are
denied for the reason that the Court, upon examination of the papers.
herein submitted, finds no ground upon which writs of certiorari
should be issued. The petitions for writs of certiorari are therefore
also denied.
No. 294. John F. O'Brien, petitioner, v. Calmar Steamship Cor-
poration. The motion to proceed on typewritten papers is granted.
The petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court
of Appeals for the Third Circuit is denied.
No. 201. Buckstaff Bath House Company, appellant, v. Ed I.
McKinley, as Commissioner, etc., et al. Appeal from the Supreme
Court of the State of Arkansas. The appeal is dismissed for want
of jurisdiction. Section 237 (a), Judicial Code, as amended by the
Act of February 13, 1925 (43 Stat. 936, 937). Treating the papers.
whereon the appeal was allowed as a petition for writ of certiorari
as required by section 237 (c), Judicial Code, as amended (43 Stat.
936, 938), certiorari is granted.
No. 239. Abe Fischer, appellant, v. Pauline Oil & Gas Company..
Appeal from the Supreme Court of the State of Oklahoma. The
appeal is dismissed for want of jurisdiction. Section 237 (a), Judi-
cial Code, as amended by the Act of February 13, 1925 (43 Stat.
936, 937). Treating the papers whereon the appeal was allowed as
a petition for writ of certiorari as required by section 237 (c), Judi-
cial Code, as amended (43 Stat. 936, 938), certiorari is granted.
No. 92. John E. Madden, Jr., Executor of the estate of John E.
Madden, deceased, appellant, v. Commonwealth of Kentucky, by
James W. Martin, Commissioner, etc.;
No. 138. Z. M. McCarroll, Commissioner of Revenues of the State
of Arkansas, appellant, v. Dixie Greyhound Lines, Inc.;
No. 252. The Bell Telephone Company of Pennsylvania, appellant,
v. Pennsylvania Public Utility Commission;
No. 270. Nathan Mayo, as Commissioner of Agriculture of the
State of Florida, et al., appellants, v. Lakeland Highlands Canning
Co., Inc., et al.; and
No. 271. Paramino Lumber Company et al., appellants, v. Wm. A.
Marshall, Deputy Commissioner, etc., et al. In these cases probable
jurisdiction is noted.
No. 78. The United States of America, appellant, v. The Baltimore
and Annapolis Railroad Company et al.; and
No. 222. Illinois Central Railroad Company, appellant, v. State
of Minnesota. Further consideration of the question of the jurisdic-
tion of this Court in these cases and of the motions to dismiss is
postponed to the hearing of the cases on the merits.

MONDAY, OCTOBER 9, 1939
10
No. 120. Ernest Newton Kalb et al., appellants, v. Henry Feuer-
stein and Helen Feuerstein, his wife;
No. 121. Ernest Newton Kalb, appellant, v. Roscoe R. Luce et al.;
and
No. 251. James Stewart & Co., Inc., appellant, v. Katherine
Sadrakula, as Administratrix, etc. Further consideration of the
question of the jurisdiction of this Court and of the motions to
dismiss or affirm is postponed to the hearing of the cases on the
merits.
No. 281. J. K. Wadley, Lillian J. Porter, et al., appellants, v.
State of Louisiana on the relation of John L. Munn. Further consid-
eration of the question of the jurisdiction of this Court in this case
is postponed to the hearing of the case on the merits.
No. 49. George W. Griffiths, petitioner, v. Commissioner of Inter-
nal Revenue. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Circuit Court of Appeals for the Seventh Circuit granted.
No. 63. V. L. LeTulle, petitioner, v. Frank Scofield, United States
Collector of Internal Revenue for the First District of Texas. Peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of
Appeals for the Fifth Circuit granted.
No. 69. Walter E. Pearson, State Treasurer of the State of Oregon,
petitioner, v. Ruth Hayes McGraw, and Edmund Hayes, as Executors,
etc. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of the State
of Oregon granted.
No. 70. American Federation of Labor et al., petitioners, v.
National Labor Relations Board. Petition for writ of certiorari to
the United States Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia
granted.
No. 73. Postal Steamship Corporation, petitioner, v. Steamship “El
Isleo," etc., et al.; and
No. 74. Postal Steamship Corporation, petitioner, v. Southern
Pacific Company. Petition for writs of certiorari to the United
States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit granted.
No. 110. Guy T. Helvering, Commissioner of Internal Revenue,
petitioner, v. Mary Q. Hallock et al.;
No. 111. Guy T. Helvering, Commissioner of Internal Revenue,
petitioner, v. Mary Q. Hallock, Executrix, etc.;
No. 112. Guy T. Helvering, Commissioner of Internal Revenue,
petitioner, v. S. H. Squire, Superintendent of Banks of the State of
Ohio, etc. Petition for writs of certiorari to the United States Cir-
cuit Court of Appeals for the Sixth Circuit granted.
No. 262. South Chicago Coal & Dock Company et al., petitioners,
v. Harry W. Bassett, Deputy Commissioner, etc. Petition for writ

MONDAY, OCTOBER 9, 1939
11
of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the
Seventh Circuit granted.
No. 122. Chicot County Drainage District, petitioner, v. The
Baxter State Bank and Mrs. Lena S. Shields. Petition for writ of
certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the
Eighth Circuit granted.
No. 129. General American Tank Car Corporation, petitioner, v.
El Dorado Terminal Company. Petition for writ of certiorari to
the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit
granted.
No. 151. Pearl E. Deputy and The Sussex Trust Company, etc.,
petitioners, v. Pierre S. DuPont. Petition for writ of certiorari to
the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Third Circuit
granted.
No. 152. Channan Singh, petitioner, v. Edward L. Haff, District
Director of Immigration, etc. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit granted.
No. 176. Haggar Company, petitioner, v. Guy T. Helvering, Com-
missioner of Internal Revenue. Petition for writ of certiorari to
the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit
granted.
No. 193. National Labor Relations Board, petitioner, v. Water-
man Steamship Corporation. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit granted.
No. 210. J. Earl Morgan, Executor, etc., petitioner, v. Commis-
sioner of Internal Revenue. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Seventh Circuit
granted.
No. 236. United States of America, for the use and benefit of
Midland Loan Finance Company, petitioner, v. National Surety Cor-
poration and Patrick J. Malone. Petition for writ of certiorari to
the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Eighth Circuit
granted.
No. 237. Henry J. Miller, petitioner, v. Lester Shirl Hatfield,
Trustee, etc. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Circuit Court of Appeals for the Sixth Circuit granted.
No. 242. Elsie V. Keys, as Administratrix, etc., petitioner, v.
Pennsylvania Railroad Company. Petition for writ of certiorari to
the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit
granted.
No. 243. Guy T. Helvering, Commissioner of Internal Revenue,
petitioner, v. F. W. Fitch. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
181208-39-3

MONDAY, OCTOBER 9, 1939
12
United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Eighth Circuit
granted.
No. 246. Frederick S. Deitrick, Receiver, etc., petitioner, v.
Thomas E. Greaney. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United
States Circuit Court of Appeals for the First Circuit granted.
No. 265. Federal Communications Commission, petitioner, v. The
Pottsville Broadcasting Company. Petition for writ of certiorari to
the United States Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia
granted.
No. 272. National Licorice Company, petitioner, v. National Labor
Relations Board. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Circuit Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit granted.
No. 300. Jerry Bruno, petitioner, v. The United States of America.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of
Appeals for the Second Circuit granted and the case advanced and
assigned for argument on Monday, November 6th, next.
No. 310. Margaret C. Berry, as Administratrix, etc., petitioner, v.
Midtown Service Corporation et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to
the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit
granted.
No. 146. Joseph T. Higgins, Collector of Internal Revenue for
the Third District of New York, petitioner, v. John Thomas Smith.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of
Appeals for the Second Circuit granted and the case assigned for
argument immediately following No. 49.
No. 317. Guy T. Helvering, Commissioner of Internal Revenue,
petitioner, v. James Lee Johnson. Petition for writ of certiorari
to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Eighth Circuit
granted and the case assigned for argument immediately following
No. 146.
No. 68. William Helis, petitioner, v. Mrs. Itasca Kinney Ward, as
Executrix, etc., et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United
States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit granted limited
to the question whether a new trial should not have been granted.
No. 56. Guy T. Helvering, Commissioner of Internal Revenue, peti-
tioner, v. The F. & R. Lazarus & Company. Petition for writ of
certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Sixth
Circuit granted. Mr. Justice Reed took no part in the consideration
and decision of this application.
No. 253. National Labor Relations Board, petitioner, v. Inter-
national Brotherhood of Electrical Workers et al. Petition for writ
of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the
Sixth Circuit granted and the case assigned for argument immediately
following No. 70.

MONDAY, OCTOBER 9, 1939
13
No. 80. Fur Workers Union No. 21238, etc., petitioner, v. Fur
Workers Union, Local No. 72, et al. Petition for writ of certiorari
to the United States Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia
granted. Mr. Justice Roberts took no part in the consideration and
decision of this application.
No. 183. Walter J. Rothensies, Collector of Internal Revenue, etc.,
petitioner, v. Linford B. Cassell, Surviving Executor, etc. Petition
for writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals
for the Third Circuit granted and the case assigned for argument
immediately following Nos. 110, 111, and 112.
No. 132. Rafael Sancho Bonet, Treasurer, petitioner, v. The Texas
Company (P. R.) Inc. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United
States Circuit Court of Appeals for the First Circuit granted.
Mr. Justice Stone took no part in the consideration and decision of
this application.
No. 196. Bhagat Singh, alias Achal Singh, petitioner, v. Edward
L. Haff, District Director of Immigration and Naturalization, etc.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of
Appeals for the Ninth Circuit granted and the case assigned for
argument immediately following No. 152.
No. 156. Lawrence Yearsley and George Yearsley, petitioners, v.
W. A. Ross Construction Company. Petition for writ of certiorari
to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Eighth Circuit
granted and case assigned for argument immediately following
No. 72.
No. 309. William H. Danforth, petitioner, v. The United States
of America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Circuit Court of Appeals for the Eighth Circuit granted and the case
assigned for argument immediately following No. 156.
No. 229. The Real Estate-Land Title and Trust Company, peti-
tioner, v. The United States of America. Petition for writ of
certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Third
Circuit granted. Mr. Justice Roberts and Mr. Justice Reed took no
part in the consideration and decision of this application.
No. 230. Peter J. Carpenter, petitioner, v. Wabash Railway Com-
pany et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States.
Circuit Court of Appeals for the Eighth Circuit granted limited to
the question of the right of the petitioner to intervene in order to
assert priority.
No. 240. Frank Carmine Nardone, Nathan W. Hoffman, et al.,
petitioners, v. The United States of America. Petition for writ of
certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the
Second Circuit granted limited to the question whether the trial

MONDAY, OCTOBER 9, 1939
14
court correctly disposed of petitioners' claim that a portion of the
respondent's evidence was procured through the illegal interception
of telephone and telegraph messages and the question of the propriety
of a preliminary inquiry to ascertain that fact. The case is assigned
for argument immediately following No. 42. Mr. Justice Reed took
no part in the consideration and decision of this application.
No. 57. Vincent G. Rinn, Marshall H. Jackson, et al., petitioners,
v. Asbestos Manufacturing Company et al. Petition for writ of cer-
tiorari to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Seventh
Circuit denied. Mr. Justice Black and Mr. Justice Douglas are of
the opinion that the petition for writ of certiorari should be granted.
No. 64. Town of Walkerton, petitioner, v. The New York, Chicago
and St. Louis Railroad Company. Petition for writ of certiorari to
the Supreme Court of the State of Indiana denied. Mr. Justice
Black and Mr. Justice Douglas are of the opinion that the petition
for writ of certiorari should be granted.
No. 190. John Kowaleski, Administrator, etc., petitioner, v. The
Pennsylvania Railroad Company. Petition for writ of certiorari to
the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Third Circuit
denied. Mr. Justice Black and Mr. Justice Douglas are of the
opinion that the petition for writ of certiorari should be granted.
No. 238. George M. Madden, doing business as Kohl & Madden
Printing Ink Company, petitioner, v. Mac Sim Bar Paper Company.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of
Appeals for the Sixth Circuit denied. Mr. Justice Black and Mr.
Justice Douglas are of the opinion that the petition for writ of cer-
tiorari should be granted.
No. 249. Weightstill Woods, Court Trustee, petitioner, v. Indem-
nity Insurance Company of North America; and
No. 250. Weightstill Woods, Court Trustee, petitioner, v. Granada
Apartments, Inc., et al. Petition for writs of certiorari to the
United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Seventh Circuit
denied. Mr. Justice Roberts took no part in the consideration and
decision of this application. Mr. Justice Black and Mr. Justice
Douglas are of the opinion that the petition for writs of certiorari
should be granted.
No. 58. Federal Trade Commission, petitioner, v. The Goodyear
Tire & Rubber Company. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Sixth Circuit denied.
Mr. Justice Stone and Mr. Justice Reed took no part in the consid-
eration and decision of this application.
No. 88. Winget Kickernick Company, a corporation, and Mary D.
Neilson, petitioners, v. S. S. Kresge Company, a corporation, et al.

MONDAY, OCTOBER 9, 1939
15
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of
Appeals for the Eighth Circuit denied. Mr. Justice Stone and Mr.
Justice Roberts took no part in the consideration and decision of
this application.
No. 95. J. L. Prescott Company, petitioner, v. Procter & Gamble
Company; and
No. 96. J. L. Prescott Company, petitioner, v. Procter & Gamble
Company. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Cir-
cuit Court of Appeals for the Third Circuit denied. Mr. Justice
Stone took no part in the consideration and decision of this
application.
No. 98. Corn Products Refining Company et al., petitioners, v.
Loft, Inc. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Cir-
cuit Court of Appeals for the Seventh Circuit denied. The Chief
Justice and Mr. Justice Roberts took no part in the consideration and
decision of this application.
No. 158. John A. McCormick et al., petitioners, v. Reconstruction
Finance Corporation;
No. 159. John A. McCormick et al., petitioners, v. Reconstruction
Finance Corporation;
No. 160. Walter R. Werner et al., petitioners, v. Reconstruction
Finance Corporation;
No. 161. Henry B. Bele, Trustee, et al., petitioners, v. Reconstruc-
tion Finance Corporation; and
No. 162. Utility & Industrial Corporation, petitioner, v. Recon-
struction Finance Corporation. Petitions for writs of certiorari to
the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Seventh Circuit
denied. Mr. Justice Reed took no part in the consideration and deci-
sion of these applications.
No. 169. R. L. Blaffer, petitioner, v. Commissioner of Internal
Revenue; and
No. 170. W. S. Farish, petitioner, v. Commissioner of Internal
Revenue. The application that these cases be consolidated for the
purpose of filing petitions for writs of certiorari and that only the
record in No. 169 be printed is granted. The petition for writs of
certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the
Fifth Circuit is denied.
No. 180. Guy A. Thompson, as and only as Trustee, etc., petitioner,
v. John P. Murphy et al., as Executors, etc., et al. Petition for writ
of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the
Eighth Circuit denied. Mr. Justice Reed and Mr. Justice Douglas
took no part in the consideration and decision of this application.
No. 218. Guy A. Thompson, as and only as Trustee, etc., petitioner,
v. Terminal Shares, Inc., et al.; and

MONDAY, OCTOBER 9, 1939
16
No. 219. Guy A. Thompson, as and only as Trustee, etc., petitioner,
v. Terminal Shares, Inc., et al. Petition for writs of certiorari to
the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Eighth Circuit
denied. Mr. Justice Reed and Mr. Justice Douglas took no part in
the consideration and decision of this application.
No. 213. Russell Olley, Arthur O'Gara, et al., petitioners, v. The
Philadelphia & Reading Coal & Iron Company et al. The motion
to dispense with the printing of the record is granted. The petition
for writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals
for the Third Circuit is denied. Mr. Justice Douglas took no part
in the consideration and decision of this application.
No. 313. Dayton Hotel Company, petitioner, v. Chas. A. Krause
Milling Co. et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Circuit Court of Appeals for the Seventh Circuit denied. Mr. Jus-
tice Douglas took no part in the consideration and decision of this
application.
No. 257. Standard Oil Company of New Jersey, as Owner, etc.,
petitioner, v. Edwin Bonici. It appearing that the judgment has
been paid and that the cause has become moot the petition for writ
of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the
Second Circuit is denied. Mr. Justice Roberts took no part in the
consideration and decision of this application.
No. 36. Federico Fernandez Toste, petitioner, v. Leslie A. Mac-
Leod, Auditor of Puerto Rico, et al. Petition for writ of certiorari
to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the First Circuit
denied.
No. 41. Allied Agents, Inc., petitioner, v. The United States. Peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the Court of Claims denied.
No. 46. C. O. Griffin, petitioner, v. Will H. Smith, Collector of
Internal Revenue for the District of Indiana; and
No. 47. C. O. Griffin, petitioner, v. The United States of America.
Petition for writs of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court
of Appeals for the Seventh Circuit denied.
No. 147. John Thomas Smith, petitioner, v. Joseph T. Higgins,
Collector of Internal Revenue for the Third District of New York.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of
Appeals for the Second Circuit denied.
No. 179. Robert T. Jones, Jr., petitioner, v. W. E. Page, Jr., et al.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of
Appeals for the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 50. Consolidated Freight Lines, Inc., petitioner, v. Commis-
sioner of Internal Revenue. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit denied.

MONDAY, OCTOBER 9, 1939
17
No. 51. F. J. Kress Box Company et al., petitioners, v. The City of
Pittsburgh et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme
Court of the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania denied.
No. 52. Eric Lyders, petitioner, v. The County of Del Norte.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of
Appeals for the Ninth Circuit denied.
No. 53. Melvin Hyman, as Trustee in Bankruptcy of Joseph Ben-
jamin Lane, Bankrupt, petitioner, v. R. W. McLendon, W. E. Mc-
Lendon, and C. E. McLendon. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Fourth Circuit
denied.
No. 54. John D. Ball, petitioner, v. The United States of America.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of
Appeals for the Sixth Circuit denied.
No. 55. Clyde O. Marshall, Elsie M. Marshall, et al., petitioners, v.
Desert Properties Company, a Common Law Trust, et al. Petition
for writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals
for the Ninth Circuit denied.
No. 59. Oscar E. Bland and Josephine H. Bland, husband and
wife, petitioners, v. Commissioner of Internal Revenue. Petition for
writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for
the Seventh Circuit denied.
No. 60. Chicago and Northwestern Railway Company, petitioner,
v. Industrial Commission of Illinois et al. Petition for writ of
certiorari to the Circuit Court of Cook County, State of Illinois,
denied.
No. 61. A. F. McCue and B. A. Wise, Trustees of Hamilton Gas
Company, petitioners, v. R. C. Hutchinson, O. K. Hutchinson, et al.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of
Appeals for the Fourth Circuit denied.
No. 62. R. C. Hutchinson, O. K. Hutchinson, et al., petitioners, v.
A. F. McCue and B. A. Wise, Trustee of Hamilton Gas Company.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit. Court of
Appeals for the Fourth Circuit denied.
No. 65. Edward & John Burke, Ltd., petitioner, v. The United
States. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of
Customs and Patent Appeals denied.
No. 66. The Louisville Trust Company, petitioner, v. National
Bank of Kentucky and A. M. Anderson, Receiver, etc. Petition for
writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for
the Sixth Circuit denied.

MONDAY, OCTOBER 9, 1939
18
No. 67. C. D. Walker, Trustee in Bankruptcy, etc., et al., peti-
tioners, v. L. Maxcy, Inc. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 71. The Roby-Somers Coal Company, petitioner, v. C. F. Rout-
zahn, Individually and as Collector of Internal Revenue. Petition
for writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals
for the Sixth Circuit denied.
No. 76. Camelia Rourange, as Administratrix, etc., petitioner, v.
Columbian Steamship Company, Inc. Petition for writ of certiorari
to the Court of Appeals of the State of New York denied.
No. 79. Eva Still et al., petitioners, v. Union Circulation Co., Inc.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of
Appeals for the Second Circuit denied.
No. 81. The Cudahy Packing Company, petitioner, v. National
Labor Relations Board. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United
States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Eighth Circuit denied.
No. 82. Pittsburgh Forging Company et al., petitioners, v. Ameri-
can Foundry Equipment Company. Petition for writ of certiorari
to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Third Circuit
denied.
No. 83. Ortiz Oil Company, petitioner, v. Commissioner of Internal
Revenue. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit
Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 84. Norman B. Pitcairn and Frank C. Nicodemus, Jr., as Re-
ceivers, etc., petitioners, v. American Refrigerator Transit Company
et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit
Court of Appeals for the Eighth Circuit denied.
No. 85. Ellis Shapiro, Samuel Kaufman, et al., petitioners, v. The
Evening Times Printing & Publishing Company. Petition for writ
of certiorari to the Court of Errors and Appeals of the State of New
Jersey denied.
No. 90. Phoenix Blue Diamond Express, petitioner, v. Dorrio Men-
dez, Loreto Luna, et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United
States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit denied.
No. 91. California Fruit Growers Exchange, petitioner, v. The
New York, New Haven & Hartford Railroad Company. Petition for
writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Errors of the State of
Connecticut denied.
No. 93. F. S. Lewis & Company, Jack A. Benjamin, et al., peti-
tioners, v. The United States of America. Petition for writ of cer-
tiorari to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Seventh
Circuit denied.

MONDAY, OCTOBER 9, 1939
19
No. 97. Israel C. Gellman, petitioner, v. Oliver Machinery Com-
pany. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit
Court of Appeals for the Sixth Circuit denied.
No. 99. Mary E. Robinson, Executrix, etc., petitioner, v. Commis-
sioner of Internal Revenue. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Sixth Circuit denied.
No. 100. Southern Extract Company, petitioner, v. Rosalie Green.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of
Appeals for the Sixth Circuit denied.
No. 105. Louisville Refining Company, petitioner, v. Nationa]
Labor Relations Board. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United
States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Sixth Circuit denied.
No. 107. Lewis H. Kraskin, petitioner, v. Clara Kraskin. Petition
for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the
District of Columbia denied.
No. 108. John D. Hospelhorn, Receiver of the Baltimore Trust
Company, etc., petitioners, v. Charles S. Corbin. Petition for writ
of certiorari to the Circuit Court of Northampton County, Common-
wealth of Virginia, denied.
No. 109. Michael J. Lane and Emma J. Beuchert, petitioners, v.
Ida Elizabeth Ewald. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United
States Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia denied.
No. 113. W. E. Bowen and Dakyns B. Stover, petitioners, v. J. Ed.
Hart. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of the
State of South Carolina denied.
No. 114. The Toledo Railways & Light Company, petitioner, v.
William V. McMaken, Collector of Internal Revenue, etc. Petition
for writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals
for the Sixth Circuit denied.
No. 115. Carbo-Frost, Inc., petitioner, v. Pure Carbonic, Incor-
porated, and Carbonic Dispensing, Inc. Petition for writ of cer-
tiorari to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Eighth
Circuit denied.
No. 116. Charles E. Schmidt et al., petitioners, v. The United
States of America et al.; and
No. 117. Northern Pacific Railroad Company, by Charles E.
Schmidt et al., petitioners, v. The United States of America et al.
Petitions for writs of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of
Appeals for the Ninth Circuit denied.
No. 118. Grain Handling Company, Inc., et al., petitioners, v.
Kenneth G. McManigal, Deputy Commissioner, etc., et al. Petition
for writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals
for the Second Circuit denied.
181208-39--4

MONDAY, OCTOBER 9, 1939
20
No. 123. First National Bank of Hughes Springs, Texas, et al.,
petitioners, v. The Century Insurance Company, Ltd. Petition for
writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for
the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 125. Identification Devices, Inc., et al., petitioners, v. The
United States. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Claims
denied.
No. 126. Jesse H. Shreve and Archie C. Shreve, petitioners, v. The
United States of America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit denied.
No. 127. Matthew Devoe, petitioner, v. The United States of
America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Cir-
cuit Court of Appeals for the Eighth Circuit denied.
No. 131. Galveston Truck Line Corporation, petitioner, v. The
State of Texas. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Civil
Appeals, 5th Supreme Judicial District, State of Texas, denied.
No. 133. Harold Fetty, petitioner, v. E. H. Carroll, Administrator,
etc. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Appeals
of the State of West Virginia denied.
No. 134. Walter H. Hanson and J. R. Bean, petitioners, v. Hilda.
Bruun and Benedict Solum. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit denied.
No. 135. The Penn Mutual Life Insurance Company, petitioner, v.
Henrietta T. Forcier and William H. Woodward. Petition for writ
of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the
Eighth Circuit denied.
No. 136. Minnie I. Meacham, petitioner, v. S. M. Halley. Petition
for writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals
for the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 137. New York Life Insurance Company, petitioner, v. Edward
T. Malloy et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Circuit Court of Appeals for the First Circuit denied.
No. 140. Moises T. Tolentino, petitioner, v. The People of the
Philippine Islands. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme
Court of the Commonwealth of the Philippines denied.
No. 142. W. A. McVay, petitioner, v. Charles H. Swift et al.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of
Appeals for the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 144. Flora B. Dodd, petitioner, v. Aetna Life Insurance Com-
pany. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit
Court of Appeals for the Eighth Circuit denied.

1
MONDAY, OCTOBER 9, 1939
21
No. 148. John Henry Barnett, Jr., petitioner, v. Frank T. Hines,
Administrator of Veterans' Affairs. Petition for writ of certiorari
to the United States Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia
denied.
No. 149. American Rio Grande Land & Irrigation Company,
Debtor, et al., petitioners, v. Hidalgo and Cameron County Water
Control and Improvement District Number 9. Petition for writ of
certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Fifth
Circuit denied.
No. 153. The United States of America ex rel. Steve Jorczak, peti-
tioner, v. Joseph E. Ragen, Warden, Illinois State Penitentiary.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of
Appeals for the Seventh Circuit denied.
No. 154. International-Great Northern Railroad Company et al.,
petitioners, v. Mary M. Lucas et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to
the Court of Civil Appeals, 11th Supreme Judicial District, State of
Texas, denied.
No. 155. T. D. Wilson et al., petitioners, v. The United States of
America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit
Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 163. John W. Davis, petitioner, v. The United States. Peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the Court of Claims denied.
No. 312. The United Light and Power Company, petitioner, v.
Commissioner of Internal Revenue. Petition for writ of certiorari
to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Seventh Circuit
denied.
No. 390. Gilbert D. Hedden, Transferee, etc., petitioner, v. Com-
missioner of Internal Revenue;
No. 391. Andrew M. Conneen, Jr., Transferee, etc., petitioner, v.
Commissioner of Internal Revenue;
No. 392. Hattie S. Hedden, Transferee, etc., petitioner, v. Com-
missioner of Internal Revenue; and
No. 393. Gertrude S. Hedden, Transferee, etc., petitioner, v. Com-
missioner of Internal Revenue. Petition for writs of certiorari to the
United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Third Circuit denied.
No. 164. The People of the State of Illinois ex rel. James W. Hollie
et al., petitioners, v. Chicago Park District et al. Petition for writ
of certiorari to the Supreme Court of the State of Illinois denied.
No. 165. The Cliffs Corporation, petitioner, v. The United States
of America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Cir-
cuit Court of Appeals for the Sixth Circuit denied.

MONDAY, OCTOBER 9, 1939
22
No. 166. Jeanne Marie Cable, petitioner, v. Commissioner of Inter-
nal Revenue. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States.
Circuit Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit denied.
No. 167. Walter W. Corrigan, petitioner, v. Commissioner of Inter-
nal Revenue. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Circuit Court of Appeals for the Third Circuit denied.
No. 168. R. L. Blaffer & Company, petitioner, v. Commissioner of
Internal Revenue. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United
States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 171. William W. Bodine, petitioner, v. Commissioner of Inter-
nal Revenue. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States.
Circuit Court of Appeals for the Third Circuit denied.
No. 172. The Renner Company, petitioner, v. McNeff Brothers, a
partnership. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Circuit Court of Appeals for the Sixth Circuit denied.
No. 175. McKesson & Robbins, Inc., petitioner, v. William H.
Edwards, Individually and as Collector of Internal Revenue, etc.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of
Appeals for the Second Circuit denied.
No. 177. Minnesota Tribune Company, petitioner, v. Walter R.
Willcuts, Ruth Willcuts, et al., etc. Petition for writ of certiorari
to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Eighth Circuit
denied.
No. 178. The United States, ex relatione The New River Company,
petitioner, v. Henry Morgenthau, Jr., Secretary of the Treasury of
the United States, et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United
States Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia denied.
No. 181. John M. Minnec, petitioner, v. The United States of
America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit
Court of Appeals for the Seventh Circuit denied.
No. 185. Mary M. Fabian, Executrix, etc., et al., petitioners, v.
George B. Conway and Darby Mining Company. Petition for writ
of certiorari to the Supreme Court of the State of Montana denied.
No. 186. Meta C. Levey, Executrix, etc., petitioner, v. Will H.
Smith, Collector of Internal Revenue for the District of Indiana.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of
Appeals for the Seventh Circuit denied.
No. 187. Irene Milinkovitch, petitioner, v. Superintendent of
Insurance of the State of New York, Liquidator, etc., et al. Petition
for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of the State of New
York denied.

MONDAY, OCTOBER 9, 1939
23
No. 191. Bank of Commerce Liquidating Company, petitioner, v.
Louis J. Becker, Collector of Internal Revenue; and
No. 192. Mercantile Liquidating Company, petitioner, v. Louis J.
Becker, Collector of Internal Revenue. Petition for writs of certi-
orari to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Eighth
Circuit denied.
No. 197. Federal Crude Oil Company, petitioner, v. Yount-Lee
Oil Company et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United
States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 198. Hugh Wells, Trustee, etc., petitioner, v. John J. Boyle,
Treasurer of Cuyahoga County, Ohio. Petition for writ of certiorari
☐ to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Sixth Circuit
denied.
No. 202. Ralph Feldman, petitioner, v. The United States of
America; and
No. 203. Jacob Feldman, petitioner, v. The United States of
America. Petition for writs of certiorari to the United States Circuit
Court of Appeals for the Third Circuit denied.
No. 206. The A. S. Boyle Company, petitioner, v. Pacific Marine
Supply Company and Webb Products, Inc. Petition for writ of cer-
tiorari to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Ninth
Circuit denied.
No. 207. Marrs McLean et al., petitioners, v. The Texas Company.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of
Appeals for the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 209. Betty Rogers, O. N. Beasley, et al., petitioners, v. Com-
missioner of Internal Revenue. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit denied.
No. 211. Conners Marine Company, Inc., petitioner, v. American
Molasses Company of New York et al. Petition for writ of cer-
tiorari to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Second
Circuit denied.
No. 217. Jane Bass, Administratrix, etc., petitioner, v. Mabel A.
Dehner, Executrix, etc. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United
States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Tenth Circuit denied.
No. 221. Manila Electric Company, petitioner, v. Pasay Transpor-
tation Company. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme
Court of the Commonwealth of the Philippines denied.
No. 223. Carrier Engineering Corporation, petitioner, v. Geza
Horvath et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Circuit Court of Appeals for the Sixth Circuit denied.

MONDAY, OCTOBER 9, 1939
24
No. 225. C. Leon de Aryan, petitioner, v. Roy O. Akers. Petition
for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of the State of California
denied.
No. 228. The General Tire & Rubber Company, petitioner, v. The
Fisk Rubber Corporation. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Sixth Circuit denied.
No. 231. S. A. Garrison, petitioner, v. Guy A. Thompson and L. W.
Baldwin, Trustees, etc. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme
Court of the State of Missouri denied.
No. 232. Terminal Railroad Association of St. Louis, petitioner, v.
Ethel Sheehan, as Administratrix, etc. Petition for writ of certiorari
to the Supreme Court of the State of Missouri denied.
No. 241. Annie M. Noble, Committee of Lehman Noble, Incom-
petent, petitioner, v. The United States of America. Petition for
writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for
the Second Circuit denied.
No. 244. Kellogg Switchboard & Supply Company, petitioner, v.
Michigan Bell Telephone Company et al. Petition for writ of cer-
tiorari to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Sixth
Circuit denied.
No. 245. Kellogg Switchboard & Supply Company, petitioner, v.
Michigan Bell Telephone Company et al. Petition for writ of cer-
tiorari to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Sixth
Circuit denied.
No. 247. Thomas E. Greaney, petitioner, v. Frederick S. Deitrick,
Receiver, etc. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Circuit Court of Appeals for the First Circuit denied.
No. 248. Litchfield and Madison Railway Company, petitioner, v.
William Gieseking. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme
Court of the State of Missouri denied.
No. 254. Harry J. Merritt, Receiver of Mt. Forest Fur Farms of
America, Inc., et al., petitioners, v. Mt. Forest Fur Farms of America,
Inc. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court
of Appeals for the Sixth Circuit denied.
No. 258. E. H. Coulter, Trustee, petitioner, v. Ed Blieden, as
Trustee, etc., et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United
States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Eighth Circuit denied.
No. 259. Johanna H. Hinshaw, as Administratrix, etc., petitioner,
v. New England Mutual Life Insurance Company; and
No. 260. Johanna H. Hinshaw, as Administratrix, etc., petitioner,
v. Massachusetts Mutual Life Insurance Company. Petition for
writs of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for
the Eighth Circuit denied.

MONDAY, OCTOBER 9, 1939
25
No. 261. The Prudential Insurance Company of America, peti-
tioner, v. F. A. Nelson, Trustee in Bankruptcy of Chickamauga Trust
Company, Bankrupt. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United
States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Sixth Circuit denied.
No. 264. Matt J. Walsh and Frank E. Garbutt, doing business
under the firm name and style of Garbutt-Walsh, petitioners, v. M. G.
Tadlock et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Circuit Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit denied.
No. 267. Crowe Coal Company, petitioner, v. National Labor
Relations Board. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Circuit Court of Appeals for the Eighth Circuit denied.
No. 269. Haynes Drilling Company, petitioner, v. Indian Terri-
tory Illuminating Oil Company. Petition for writ of certiorari to
the Supreme Court of the State of Oklahoma denied.
No. 273. Frank Hodorowicz, petitioner, v. The United States of
America;
No. 274. Clem Dowait, petitioner, v. The United States of
America; and
No. 275. Peter Hodorowicz, petitioner, v. The United States of
America. Petition for writs of certiorari to the United States Cir-
cuit Court of Appeals for the Seventh Circuit denied.
No. 276. Mike Hodorowicz, petitioner, v. The United States of
America; and
No. 277. Clem Dowait, petitioner, v. The United States of America.
Petition for writs of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of
Appeals for the Seventh Circuit denied.
No. 278. The Pennsylvania Railroad Company, petitioner, v. Lena
Anna Selway, as Administratrix, etc. Petition for writ of certiorari
to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Second Cir-
cuit denied.
No. 279. John W. Schenck ex rel. Chu Guay Oi, petitioner, v.
Mary H. Ward, United States Commissioner of Immigration. Pe-
tition for writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of
Appeals for the First Circuit denied.
No. 280. Weightstill Woods, petitioner, v. Roy D. Rains and wife.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of
Appeals for the Eighth Circuit denied.
No. 282. Steve L. Zegura, petitioner, v. The United States of
America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Cir-
cuit Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 283. Southwestern Gas & Electric Company; petitioner, v. City
of Texarkana et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United
States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit denied.

MONDAY, OCTOBER 9, 1939
26
No. 285. City of Los Angeles, a Municipal Corporation of the State
of California, petitioner, v. Irving Trust Company, as Trustee, etc.,
et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit
Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit denied.
No. 287. Lucile Atkins Vallette and L. Rittenoure, petitioners, v.
City of Vero Beach, a Municipal Corporation. Petition for writ of
certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the
Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 288. City of Mohall, North Dakota, et al., petitioners, v. First
National Bank of Sleepy Eye, Minnesota, et al. Petition for writ of
certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the
Eighth Circuit denied.
No. 289. Sylvan B. Heininger, doing business as Dr. S. B.
Heininger, D. D. S., et al., petitioners, v. James A. Farley, Post-
master General of the United States. Petition for writ of certiorari
to the United States Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia
denied.
No. 290. Rambusch Decorating Company, petitioner, v. The
Brotherhood of Painters, Decorators and Paperhangers of America,
et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit
Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit denied.
No. 291. I. Anson West, Trustee, et al., petitioners, o. City of
El Paso; and
No. 292. City of El Paso, petitioner, v. I. Anson West, Trustee,
et al. Petitions for writs of certiorari to the United States Circuit
Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 293. Joseph Rakonick, petitioner, v. Hamilton Brown Shoe
Co., a corporation, et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United
States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Eighth Circuit denied.
No. 295. Allen R. Jamison, petitioner, v. John Willoughby. Peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of Ap-
peals for the Eighth Circuit denied.
No. 299. Woodmen of the World Life Insurance Society, peti-
tioner, v. Federal Communications Commission and WKZO, Inc.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the District of Columbia denied.
No. 304. E. G. McKeever and A. E. Ralston, as Liquidators of
Mexican Petroleum Corporation of Louisiana, Inc., et al., petitioners,
v. Rufus W. Fontenot, United States Collector, etc. Petition for
writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for
the Fifth Circuit denied.

MONDAY, OCTOBER 9, 1939
27
No. 306. Clara F. Reading, petitioner, v. The Travelers Insurance
Company. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Cir-
cuit Court of Appeals for the Third Circuit denied.
No. 320. Lamborn & Company, Inc., petitioner, v. The United
States. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of
Customs and Patent Appeals denied.
No. 325. Charles V. Bob, petitioner, v. The United States of
America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Cir-
cuit Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit denied.
No. 328. Betsey Nudelman, petitioner, v. The United States of
America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit
Court of Appeals for the Seventh Circuit denied.
No. 429, October Term, 1938. Milton Prebyl, petitioner, v. Pruden-
tial Insurance Company of America. The motion to annul and
vacate the order denying the petition for writ of certiorari is denied.
No., original. October Term, 1938. Ex parte Albert Leighton,
petitioner ;
No.
-
original. October Term, 1938. Ex parte Harmon Metz
Waley, petitioner ;
No. 76, October Term, 1938. The Maytag Company, petitioner, v.
Hurley Machine Company et al.;
No. 77, October Term, 1938. The Maytag Company, petitioner, v.
Easy Washing Machine Corporation; and
No. 661, October Term, 1938. General Electric Supply Corporation,
petitioner, v. The Maytag Company;
No. 590, October Term, 1938. Bethlehem Steel Company, petitioner,
v. Zurich General Accident & Liability Insurance Co., Ltd.;
No. 650, October Term, 1938. L. W. Baldwin et al., petitioners, v.
Scott County Milling Company;
No. 687, October Term, 1938. The United States of America, appel-
lant, v. Neal Powers;
No. 771, October Term, 1938. The United States of America, appel-
lant, v. Rock Royal Co-Operative, Inc., et al.;
No. 827, October Term 1938. Dairymen's League Cooperative Asso-
ciation, Inc., appellant, v. Rock Royal Co-operative, Inc., et al.;
No. 828, October Term 1938. Metropolitan Cooperative Milk
Producers Bargaining Agency, Inc., appellant, v. Rock Royal Co-
operative, Inc., et al.;
No. 834, October Term 1938. George F. Seiberling et al., Executors,
etc., petitioners, v. The United States;
No. 835, October Term 1938. Lehigh Valley Trust Co. et al., peti-
tioners, v. The United States;
181208-39-5

'
1
1
MONDAY, OCTOBER 9, 1939
28
No. 842, October Term 1938. Federal Reserve Bank of Philadel-
phia, petitioner, v. Reba Cook Algar et al.;
No. 891, October Term 1938. William J. Graham et al., petitioners,
v. The United States of America;
No. 899, October Term 1938. Big Lake Oil Company, petitioner, v.
Commissioner of Internal Revenue;
No. 903, October Term 1938. George C. Shepard, petitioner, v.
Commissioner of Internal Revenue;
No. 904, October Term 1938. W. E. Rice, as Trustee, etc., petitioner,
v. Smith Engineering Company;
No. 905, October Term 1938. W. E. Rice, as Trustee, etc., petitioner,
v. Smith Engineering Company et al.;
No. 915, October Term 1938. The City of Los Angeles, petitioner,
v. Borax Consolidated, Limited, etc., et al.;
No. 919, October Term 1938. Fred Kammerer, petitioner, v. The
State of New York;
No. 921, October Term 1938. Marshall County Bank, a corporation,
etc., petitioner, v. Mary K. Crowther;
No. 929, October Term 1938. First National Bank of Chicago,
Administrator, etc., petitioner, v. The United States of America;
No. 945, October Term 1938. City and County of Denver, appel-
lant, v. The People of the State of Colorado;
No. 960, October Term 1938. Trustees of Lumber Investment Asso-
ciation, petitioner, v. Guy T. Helvering, Commissioner of Internal
Revenue;
No. 962, October Term 1938. Louis Martini, petitioner, v. James
A. Johnston, Warden, etc.;
No. 966, October Term 1938. Burnette F. Stephenson, petitioner,
v. Commissioner of Internal Revenue;
No. 974, October Term 1938. John Semar Farnsworth, petitioner,
v. Joseph W. Sanford, Warden, etc.;
No. 975, October Term 1938. The Kansas Farmers' Union Royalty
Company et al., appellants, v. Samuel P. Hushaw;
No. 980, October Term 1938. A. H. Hargis, petitioner, v. King
Swope, Judge, etc. The petitions for rehearing in these cases are
denied.
No. 833, October Term 1938. United States Trust Company of New
York, Executor, etc., petitioner, v. The United States. The motion to
enlarge the record is denied. The petition for rehearing is also
denied.
No. 986, October Term 1938. Benjamin D. Ritholz et al., peti-
tioners, v. American Optometric Association. The motion for stay
is denied. The petition for rehearing is also denied.

Х
MONDAY, OCTOBER 9, 1939
29
Mr. Justice Butler took no part in the consideration and decision
of the cases in which judgments or orders are this day announced.
No., original. Commonwealth of Massachusetts, complainant,
v. State of Missouri et al. Argued on the motion for leave to file the
bill of complaint and on the returns to the rule to show cause by Mr.
Edward O. Proctor for the complainant; by Mr. Harry W. Kroeger
for the defendants, St. Louis Union Trust Co., Trustee, et al., and
by Mr. Edward H. Miller for the defendant, State of Missouri.
No. 1. Guy T. Helvering, Commissioner of Internal Revenue, peti-
tioner, v. Wilshire Oil Company, Inc. Argued by Mr. Arnold Raum
for the petitioner and by Mr. Joseph D. Brady for the respondent.
No. 26. F. H. E. Oil Company, petitioner, v. Commissioner of
Internal Revenue. Argument commenced by Mr. Harry C. Weeks
☐ for the petitioner.
Adjourned until tomorrow at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Tuesday, October 10, will be as follows: Nos. 26,
4, 5, 6, 7, 8, 9, 10, 11, and 13.

TUESDAY, OCTOBER 10, 1939
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
30
30
Present: The Chief Justice, Mr. Justice McReynolds, Mr. Justice
Stone, Mr. Justice Roberts, Mr. Justice Black, Mr. Justice Reed, Mr.
Justice Frankfurter, and Mr. Justice Douglas.
Donald Paul Covert, of Glendale, Calif.; Leonard A. Watson, of
New York City; Harry L. Filer, of Hamden, Conn.; J. L. Emanuel,
of Raleigh, N. C.; James Sermon Smith, of Logan, Utah; Raphael
Dechter, of Los Angeles, Calif.; Joseph J. Rifkind, of Los Angeles,
Calif.; Carl F. Zeidler, of Milwaukee, Wis.; Joseph Robert Ros
borough, of Moline, Ill.; Jerome R. Hellerstein, of New York City;
Edmund B. Hennefeld, of New York City; and Eduardo Quintero,
of Manila, P. I., were admitted to practice.
No. 26. F. H. E. Oil Company, petitioner, v. Commissioner of
Internal Revenue. Argument continued by Mr. Harry C. Weeks for
the petitioner and concluded by Mr. Arnold Raum of the respondent.
No. 4. Evelyn Treinies, petitioner, v. Sunshine Mining Company,
Katherine Mason, et al. Argued by Mr. Thomas D. Aitken for the
petitioner; by Mr. C. W. Halverson for respondent, Sunshine Mining
Company; and by Mr. Richard S. Munter for respondents, Katherine
Mason, et al.
No. 5. Harry A. Woodring, Secretary of War, et al., petitioners, v.
Justus B. Wardell, Receiver, etc. Argument commenced by Mr. As-
sistant Attorney General Shea for the petitioners and continued by
Mr. Brice Clagett for the respondent.
Adjourned until tomorrow at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Wednesday, October 11, will be as follows: Nos.
5, 6, 7, 8, 9, 10, 11, 13, 18, and 29.
181208-39-6

WEDNESDAY, OCTOBER 11, 1939
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
31
Present: The Chief Justice, Mr. Justice McReynolds, Mr. Justice
Stone, Mr. Justice Roberts, Mr. Justice Black, Mr. Justice Reed, Mr.
Justice Frankfurter, and Mr. Justice Douglas.
Reverdy Johnson 4th, of New York City; Robert I. Morris, of
Newark, N. J.; Sidney S. Grant, of Boston, Mass.; Gaius G. Gannon,
of Houston, Tex.; Ralph R. Wien, of Painesville, Ohio; Joseph A.
O'Connell, of Washington, D. C.; Earl A. Phillips, of Seattle, Wash.;
Willard P. Scott, of New York City; and Henry G. Bodkin, of Los
Angeles, Calif., were admitted to practice.
No. 5. Harry A. Woodring, Secretary of War, et al., petitioners, v.
Justus B. Wardell, Receiver, etc. Argument continued by Mr.
Brice Clagett for the respondent and concluded by Mr. George P.
Barse for the respondent.
No. 6. Inland Waterways Corporation et al., petitioners, v. Cary
H. Hardee, Receiver, etc. Argued by Mr. Assistant Attorney Gen-
eral Shea for the petitioners, and by Mr. Swagar Sherley and Mr.
George B. Springston for the respondent.
No. 7. Howard S. Palmer, James Lee Loomis, and Henry B. Saw-
yer, Trustees, etc., petitioners, v. The Commonwealth of Massachu-
setts. Argued by Mr. Edward R. Brumley for the petitioners and
by Mr. Edward O. Proctor for the respondent.
Adjourned until tomorrow at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Thursday, October 12, will be as follows: Nos.
8, 9, 10, 11, 13, 18, 29, 14, 15 (and 16), and 17.
☑
181208-39-7

THURSDAY, OCTOBER 12, 1939
32
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: The Chief Justice, Mr. Justice McReynolds, Mr. Justice
Stone, Mr. Justice Roberts, Mr. Justice Black, Mr. Justice Reed, Mr.
Justice Frankfurter, and Mr. Justice Douglas.
Glenn R. Lewis, of San Angelo, Tex.; W. F. Moore, of Paris, Tex.;
Paul Ware, of Chicago, Ill.; V. Betty Doheney, of Hynes, Calif.;
Bernice E. Wesner, of Sugar Creek, Mo.; and O. B. Eidson, of Topeka,
Kans., were admitted to practice.
No. 8. Ziffrin, Incorporated, appellant, v. James W. Martin, Com-
missioner of Revenue of the Commonwealth of Kentucky, et al.
H. Clyde Reeves, Commissioner of Revenue of the Commonwealth
of Kentucky, Member of Kentucky Tax Commission and Member
of Kentucky State Alcoholic Beverage Control Board substituted as
a party appellee in the place and stead of James W. Martin, formerly
Commissioner of Revenue of the Commonwealth of Kentucky, etc., per
stipulation of counsel, on motion of Mr. Norton L. Goldsmith for the
appellant.
No. 8. Ziffrin, Incorporated, appellant, v. H. Clyde Reeves, Com-
missioner of Revenue of the Commonwealth of Kentucky, et al. Ar-
gued by Mr. Norton L. Goldsmith for the appellant and by Mr. H.
Appleton Federa for the appellees.
No. 9. Standard Brands, Incorporated, petitioner, v. National
Yeast Corporation. Argued by Mr. Leonard A. Watson for the peti-
tioner and by Mr. Stephen H. Philbin for the respondent.
No. 10. H. Luther Pittman, Clerk of the Superior Court of Balti-
more City, petitioner, v. Home Owners' Loan Corporation of Wash-
ington, D. C. Argument commenced by Mr. H. Vernon Eney for
the petitioner.
Adjourned until tomorrow at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Friday, October 13, will be as follow: Nos. 10,
11, 13, 18, 29, 14, 15 (and 16), 17, 19, and 38.
181208-39- -8

FRIDAY, OCTOBER 13, 1939
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
33
Present: The Chief Justice, Mr. Justice McReynolds, Mr. Justice
Stone, Mr. Justice Roberts, Mr. Justice Black, Mr. Justice Reed, Mr.
Justice Frankfurter, and Mr. Justice Douglas.
Lee J. Quasey, of Chicago, Ill.; Charles Kassel, of Fort Worth,
Tex.; and Patrick Henry Winston, of Olympia, Wash., were admitted
to practice.
No. 10. H. Luther Pittman, Clerk of the Superior Court of Balti-
more City, petitioner, v. Home Owners' Loan Corporation of Wash-
ington, D. C. Argument continued by Mr. H. Vernon Eney for the
petitioner; by Mr. Solicitor General Jackson for the respondent; and
concluded by Mr. William C. Walsh for the petitioner.
No. 11. Clara Schneider, petitioner, v. The State (Town of
Irvington). Argued by Mr. Joseph F. Rutherford for the petitioner
and by Mr. Robert I. Morris for the respondent.
No. 13. Kim Young, appellant, v. The People of the State of
California. Argued by Mr. Osmond K. Fraenkel for the appellant
and case submitted by Mr. Ray L. Chesebro, Mr. Frederick Von
Schrader, Mr. Leon T. David, and Mr. Bourke Jones for the appellee.
No. 18. Harold F. Snyder, petitioner, v. City of Milwaukee.
Argued by Mr. A. W. Richter for the petitioner and by Mr. Carl F.
Zeidler for the respondent.
Adjourned until Monday next at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Monday, October 16, will be as follows: Nos. 29,
14, 15 (and 16), 17, 19, 38, 23 (and 24), 34, 37, and 25.
☑
181208-39-9

MONDAY, OCTOBER 16, 1939
34
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: The Chief Justice, Mr. Justice McReynolds, Mr. Justice
Stone, Mr. Justice Roberts, Mr. Justice Black, Mr. Justice Reed, Mr.
Justice Frankfurter, and Mr. Justice Douglas.
Samuel Hilton Levy, of Newport, R. I.; Sydney R. Snitkin, of
New York City; Robert E. Gibbs, of Columbus, Ohio; Carvel Matts-
son, of Richfield, Utah; Frank Lee Dils, of Covington, Ky.; Walter
F. David, of Borger, Tex.; Roy Massena, of Chicago, Ill.; Isidore
Fried, of Chicago, Ill.; Donald N. Schaffer, of Chicago, Ill.; and
Arthur E. Simon, of Seattle, Wash., were admitted to practice.
The Chief Justice said:
"The orders of the Court appear upon the list certified by the Chief
Justice and filed with the Clerk and will not be announced orally."
No. In the matter of the disbarment of Clyde H. Walker. It
appearing to the Court from the record in Ex parte Clyde H. Walker,
No. -, original, October Term, 1939, that Clyde H. Walker, of
Champaign, Illinois, a member of the bar of this Court, has been
convicted of a felony in the United States District Court for the
Western District of Washington;
It is ordered that the said Clyde H. Walker be, and he hereby is,
suspended from the practice of the law in this Court, and that a rule
issue returnable within forty (40) days requiring the said Clyde H.
Walker to show cause why he should not be disbarred from the
practice of the law in this Court.
-
No. In the matter of the disbarment of Anna L. Cooke. It
having been reported to the Court that the District Court of the
United States for the District of Columbia has entered an order
accepting the resignation of Anna L. Cooke, of Washington, D. C.,
as a member of the bar of the said District Court and directing the
clerk of that court to strike her name from the roll of attorneys ad-
mitted to practice before such court and prohibiting her henceforth
from practicing law and holding herself out to be an attorney at law
in the District of Columbia;
It is ordered that the said Anna L. Cooke, a member of the bar of
this Court, be and she hereby is suspended from the practice of law
in this Court, and that a rule issue returnable within forty (40)
181208-39-10

MONDAY, OCTOBER 16, 1939
35
days requiring the said Anna L. Cooke to show cause why she should
not be disbarred from the practice of law in this Court.
-.
No. In the matter of the disbarment of David B. Getz. It
having been reported to the Court that the Appellate Division of
the Supreme Court of the State of New York, First Department,
has entered an order disbarring David B. Getz, of New York City,
a member of the bar of this Court, from practice as an attorney or
counsellor at law in the State of New York;
It is ordered that the said David B. Getz be, and he hereby is,
suspended from the practice of law in this Court, and that a rule
issue returnable within forty (40) days requiring the said David B.
Getz to show cause why he should not be disbarred from the practice
of the law in this Court.
No. Earl E. Bess, appellant, v. The State of West Virginia;
and
No. . Earl E. Bess, appellant, v. The State of West Virginia.
The petitions for the allowance of appeals, referred by the Chief
Justice to the Court, are denied.
No. . In the matter of the Complaint of Edmond C. Fletcher.
The motion of Edmond C. Fletcher for leave to file complaint is
denied.
No., original. Ex parte John Wilson, petitioner. The motion
for leave to file petition for writ of habeas corpus is denied.
No. 10, original. State of Texas, complainant, v. The State of New
Mexico et al. The Special Master having presented his final report
stating that the cause has been settled, it is ordered, adjudged, and
decreed as follows:
1. The report of the Special Master is received, filed, and con-
firmed.
2. The bill of complaint is dismissed.
3. The Special Master is directed to return to the proper parties
the original copies of the record of the testimony and the exhibits
introduced into evidence before him.
4. Costs, including the compensation and expenses of the Special
Master, shall be paid one-half by the State of Texas and one-half by
the State of New Mexico and the Middle Rio Grande Conservancy
District, the State of Texas to be reimbursed by the State of New
Mexico and the Middle Rio Grande Conservancy District to the
extent of one-half of all sums heretofore disbursed by it on account of
expenses of the Special Master.
No. 10, original. State of Texas, complainant, v. The State of New
Mexico et al. An order is entered fixing the compensation and
allowing the expenses of the Special Master herein.

MONDAY, OCTOBER 16, 1939
36
No. 124. Lonnie Avery, petitioner, v. The State of Alabama. The
motion for leave to proceed in forma pauperis is granted. The peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of the State of
Alabama is also granted.
No. 226. Gaylie R. Cleveland, petitioner, v. J. W. Sanford, Warden,
United States Penitentiary, Atlanta, Georgia. On petition for writ
of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the
Fifth Circuit; and
No. 374. Honor D. Wilson, petitioner, v. Louisville Joint Stock
Land Bank of Louisville, Kentucky, et al. On petition for writ of
certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the
Seventh Circuit. The motions for leave to proceed further herein
in forma pauperis are denied for the reason that the Court, upon
examination of the papers herein submitted, finds no ground upon
which writs of certiorari should be issued. The petitions for writs
of certiorari are therefore also denied.
No. 343. The United States of America et al., appellants, v. Frank
O. Lowden et al., as Trustees, etc. In this case probable jurisdiction
is noted. The motion to advance is granted and the case is advanced
and assigned for argument on Monday, November 6, next.
No. 397. The United States of America, appellant, v. The Borden
Company et al. Further consideration of the question of the juris-
diction of this Court in this case is postponed to the hearing of the
case on the merits. The motion to advance is granted and the case
is advanced and assigned for argument on Monday, November 13,
next.
No. 346. The United States of America, petitioner, v. Socony-
Vacuum Oil Company, Inc., et al.; and
No. 347. Socony-Vacuum Oil Company, Inc., et al., petitioners, v.
The United States of America. Petitions for writs of certiorari to
the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Seventh Circuit
granted.
No. 316. Frank R. McNinch, Norman S. Case, et al., petitioners, v.
Paul R. Heitmeyer. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United
States Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia granted and
the case assigned for argument immediately following No. 265.
No. 329. Henry Russell, Lawrence Miller, et al., petitioners, v.
James S. Todd, Joseph R. Work, et al. Petition for writ of certi-
orari to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Second
Circuit granted, limited to the question of the application of the
New York statute of limitations.
No. 342. Amalgamated Utility Workers, affiliated with Utility
Workers Organizing Committee, etc., petitioner, v. Consolidated

MONDAY, OCTOBER 16, 1939
37
On consideration of the
Edison Company of New York, Inc., et al.
suggestion of a diminution of the record and motion for a writ
of certiorari in that relation, the motion for a writ of certiorari
is granted. The petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Circuit Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit is also granted.
No. 157. John Weber, petitioner, v. The United States of America.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of
Appeals for the Fifth Circuit denied. Mr. Justice Douglas took no
part in the consideration and decision of this application.
No. 266. The Virginian Railway Company, petitioner, v. The
United States. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Claims
denied.
No. 268. Federal Export Corporation, petitioner, v. The United
States. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Claims denied.
No. 302. Howard S. Palmer et al., as Trustees of the property of
Old Colony Railroad Company, petitioners, v. Howard S. Palmer
et al., as Trustees of the property of New York, New Haven and
Hartford Railroad Company et al.; and
No. 321. Howard S. Palmer et al., as Trustees of the property of
New York, New Haven and Hartford Railroad Company et al.,
petitioners, v. Howard S. Palmer et al., as Trustees of the property
of Old Colony Railroad Company. Petitions for writs of certiorari
to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit
denied.
No. 308. Union Dredging Company (a corporation), etc., peti-
tioner, v. Hazel Brashear, as Administratrix, etc. Petition for writ
of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the
Ninth Circuit denied.
No. 315. State Automobile Mutual Insurance Company of Colum-
bus, Ohio, petitioner, v. Mabel A. York and C. V. York. Petition for
writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for
the Fourth Circuit denied.
No. 319. The Central Railroad Company of New Jersey, petitioner,
v. The Pennsylvania Railroad Company. Petition for writ of certi-
orari to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Second
Circuit denied.
No. 323. William J. Mitchell et al., petitioners, v. William N.
Ottinger, Receiver, etc. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United
States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Third Circuit denied.
No. 326. The Univis Corporation and United Kingdom Optical
Company, Ltd., petitioners, v. Paul Rips and Rips Optical Com-
pany; and
No. 327. The Univis Corporation and United Kingdom Optical
Company, Ltd., petitioners, v. Charlotte M. Grimshaw. Petition for

MONDAY, OCTOBER 16, 1939
38
writs of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for
the Sixth Circuit denied.
No. 330. American National Insurance Company, petitioner, v. Yee
Lim Shee et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Circuit Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit denied.
No. 331. New York Life Insurance Company, a corporation, peti-
tioner, v. Jack Ostroff et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit denied.
No. 332. Samuel L. Waterman, also known as S. L. Waterman, etc.,
petitioner, v. New York Life Insurance Company. Petition for writ
of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the
Ninth Circuit denied.
No. 333. Gus Taylor, petitioner, v. Doane Merrill, as Trustee, etc.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of
Appeals for the Ninth Circuit denied.
No. 334. John Lee Stark, petitioner, v. Howe Sound Company, Inc.,
et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals of the
State of New York denied.
No. 337. Corporation of America, petitioner, v. Barbara Campbell.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of
Appeals for the Ninth Circuit denied.
No. 338. Thomas M. Schumacher and Sidney M. Ehrman, Trustees,
etc., petitioners, v. Raymond King. Petition for writ of certiorari
to the District Court of Appeal, 1st Appellate District, State of
California, denied.
No. 339. R. W. Doty, Secretary of Banking of the Commonwealth
of Pennsylvania, Receiver, etc., petitioner, v. The United States
of America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Circuit Court of Appeals for the Third Circuit denied.
No. 344. M. M. Martin, Trustee, etc., petitioner, v. New York Life
Insurance Company. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United
States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Seventh Circuit denied.
No. 345. M. M. Martin, Trustee, etc., petitioner, v. The Equitable
Life Assurance Society of the United States. Petition for writ of
certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the
Seventh Circuit denied.
No. 348. Luke Hannon, petitioner, v. The United States of
America;
No. 349. Joseph Hannon, petitioner, v. The United States of
America;
No. 350. Thomas Hannon, petitioner, v. The United States of
America;

MONDAY, OCTOBER 16, 1939
39
No. 351. Jake Rosenberg, petitioner, v. The United States of
America; and
No. 352. Fred Stone, petitioner, v. The United States of America.
Petition for writs of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court
of Appeals for the Third Circuit denied.
No. 614, October Term, 1938. The Farmers' Loan and Trust Com-
pany, as Trustee, etc., et al., petitioners, v. Frank Collis Bowers, as
Executor, etc.; and
No. 615, October Term, 1938. The Farmers' Loan and Trust Com-
pany, as Trustee, etc., et al., petitioners, v. Frank Collis Bowers, as
Executor, etc. The petition for rehearing is denied.
Mr. Justice Butler took no part in the consideration and decision
of the cases in which judgments or orders are this day announced.
The Court will take a recess from Monday, October 23, until Mon-
day, November 6, next.
No. 9, original. State of Arkansas, complainant, v. State of Ten-
nessee. Report of the Special Master presented.
No. 407. Mabel L. Traglio and Paul Traglio, petitioners, v. Evelyn
R. Harris. On petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Circuit Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit. Dismissed on
motion of counsel for the petitioners.
No. 29. Elmira Nichols and Pauline Thompson, appellants, v. Com-
monwealth of Massachusetts. Argument commenced by Mr. Sidney
S. Grant for the appellants; continued by Mr. Edward O. Proctor for
the appellee; and concluded by Mr. Osmond K. Fraenkel for the
appellants.
No. 14. The Board of County Commissioners of the County of
Jackson, etc., petitioner, v. The United States of America. Argued
by Mr. O. B. Eidson for the petitioner and by Mr. Raymond T. Nagle
for the respondent.
No. 15. L. Boteler, Trustee of the estate of Richmaid Creameries,
Inc., debtor, petitioner, v. Ray Ingels, Director of Motor Vehicles of
the State of California, et al.; and
No. 16. L. Boteler, Trustee of Richmaid Creameries, Inc., debtor,
petitioner, v. Ray Ingels, Director of Motor Vehicles of the State of

MONDAY, OCTOBER 16, 1939
40
California, et al. Argued by Mr. Raphael Dechter for the peti-
tioner and by Mr. H. H. Linney for the respondents.
No. 17. Ford Motor Company, petitioner, v. Tom L. Beauchamp,
Secretary of the State of Texas, et al. Argument commenced by Mr.
Gaius G. Gannon for the petitioner.
Adjourned until tomorrow at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Tuesday, October 17, will be as follows: Nos. 17,
19, 38, 23 (and 24), 34, 37, 25, 30, 31, and 32.
☑

'
TUESDAY, OCTOBER 17, 1939
41
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: The Chief Justice, Mr. Justice McReynolds, Mr. Justice
Stone, Mr. Justice Roberts, Mr. Justice Black, Mr. Justice Reed, Mr.
Justice Frankfurter, and Mr. Justice Douglas.
Audley W. Johnson, of Sioux City, Iowa; Wm. M. P. Smith, of
Edwardsville, Ill.; John C. Macfarland, of Los Angeles, Calif.;
J. Clifford Argue, of Los Angeles, Calif.; Robert S. Gordon, of New
York City; John L. Bland, of Los Angeles, Calif.; James C. Hol-
lingsworth, of Ventura, Calif.; and Edmund M. Brady, of Detroit,
Mich., were admitted to practice.
No. 17. Ford Motor Company, petitioner, v. Tom L. Beauchamp,
Secretary of the State of Texas, et al. Argument continued by Mr.
Gaius G. Gannon for the petitioner; by Mr. Glenn R. Lewis for the
respondent; and concluded by Mr. Gaius G. Gannon for the peti-
tioner.
No. 19. Oklahoma Packing Company et al., petitioners, v. Okla-
homa Gas and Electric Company et al. Argued by Mr. Paul Ware
for the petitioners and by Mr. I. J. Underwood and Mr. Streeter B.
Flynn for the respondents.
No. 38. Neirbo Company, The A. P. Smith Manufacturing Com-
pany, et al., petitioners, v. Bethlehem Shipbuilding Corporation, Ltd.
Argument commenced by Mr. Robert P. Weil for the petitioners.
Adjourned until tomorrow at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Wednesday, October 18, will be as follows: Nos.
38, 23 (and 24), 34, 37, 25, 30, 31, 32, 35, and 39.
181208-39- -11

WEDNESDAY, OCTOBER 18, 1939
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
42
Present: The Chief Justice, Mr. Justice McReynolds, Mr. Justice
Stone, Mr. Justice Roberts, Mr. Justice Black, Mr. Justice Reed, Mr.
Justice Frankfurter, and Mr. Justice Douglas.
Frank S. Roderick, of Oakland, Calif.; J. Frost Walker, Jr., of
Union, S. C.; Marvin Lyons, of New York City; Otis T. Bradley,
of New York City; Ernest Palmer, of Springfield, Ill.; Frank W.
Young, of Springfield, Ill.; Orville A. Tedrick, of Poplar Bluffs,
Mo.; Rufus Bell Burrus, of Independence, Mo.; Paul G. Muth, of
Dayton, Ohio; and Philip F. Blum, of Dayton, Ohio, were admitted
to practice.
No. 38. Neirbo Company, The A. P. Smith Manufacturing Com-
pany, et al., petitioners, v. Bethlehem Shipbuilding Corporation, Ltd.
Argument continued by Mr. William D. Whitney for the respondent
and concluded by Mr. Laurence Arnold Tanzer for the petitioners.
No. 23. Thomas K. Case and Adele B. Cowan, et al., petitioners, v.
Los Angeles Lumber Products Company, Ltd.; and
No. 24. Thomas K. Case and Adele B. Cowan, et al., petitioners, v.
Los Angeles Lumber Products Company, Ltd. Argument com-
menced by Mr. Robert M. Clarke for the petitioners; continued by
Mr. Solicitor General Jackson for the United States as amicus
curiae, by special leave of Court; by Mr. J. Clifford Argue and Mr.
John C. Macfarland for the respondent; and concluded by Mr. Solici-
tor General Jackson for the United States as amicus curiae, by special
leave of Court.
No. 34. Estate of Charles Henry Sanford, deceased, etc., petitioner,
v. Commissioner of Internal Revenue. Argument commenced by Mr.
Montgomery B. Angell for the petitioner.
Adjourned until tomorrow at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Thursday, October 19, will be as follows: Nos. 34,
37, 25, 30, 31, 32, 35, 39, and 43.
Х
181208-39--12

THURSDAY, OCTOBER 19, 1939
43
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present The Chief Justice, Mr. Justice McReynolds, Mr. Justice
Stone, Mr. Justice Roberts, Mr. Justice Black, Mr. Justice Reed, Mr.
Justice Frankfurter, and Mr. Justice Douglas.
James Rufus Keeling, of Washington, D. C.; Harold H. Bredell,
of Indianapolis, Ind.; Walter P. Reilly, of Newark, N. J.; James L.
Handford, of Newark, N. J.; Fred D. Everett, of Des Moines, Iowa;
Matthew S. Gibson, of New York City; M. M. Heuser, of Bristol,
Va.; Geo. M. Warren, of Bristol, Va.; and L. E. Dubon, of San Juan,
P. R., were admitted to practice.
No. 34. Estate of Charles Henry Sanford, deceased, etc., petitioner,
v. Commissioner of Internal Revenue. Argument continued by Mr.
Montgomery B. Angell for the petitioner and concluded by Miss
Helen R. Carloss for the respondent.
No. 37. Almon G. Rasquin, Collector of Internal Revenue, etc., peti-
tioner, v. George Arents Humphreys. Argued by Miss Helen Carloss
for the petitioner and by Mr. Sidney W. Davidson for the respondent.
No. 25. Valvoline Oil Company, appellant, v. The United States of
America et al. Argued by Mr. J. Campbell Brandon for the appel-
lant and by Mr. Hugh B. Cox for the appellees.
No. 30. The United States of America, petitioner, v. The Glenn L.
Martin Company. Argument commenced by Mr. Assistant Attorney
General Clark for the petitioner.
Adjourned until tomorrow at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Friday, October 20, will be as follows: Nos. 30, 31,
32, and 43.
181208-39-13

FRIDAY, OCTOBER 20, 1939
44
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: The Chief Justice, Mr. Justice McReynolds, Mr. Justice
Stone, Mr. Justice Roberts, Mr. Justice Black, Mr. Justice Reed, Mr.
Justice Frankfurter, and Mr. Justice Douglas.
Eleanor March Moody, of Boston, Mass.; W. A. Thornhill, Jr., of
Beckley, W. Va.; Harry H. Porter, of Evanston, Ill.; S. Ralph Warn-
ken, of Baltimore, Md.; and Glenwood C. Fuller, of Grand Rapids,
Mich., were admitted to practice.
No. 30. The United States of America, petitioner, v. The Glenn L.
Martin Company. Argument continued by Mr. Assistant Attorney
General Clark for the petitioner and concluded by Mr. John T.
Koehler for the respondent.
No. 31. Texas Electric Railway Company, appellant, v. Clyde O.
Eastus, United States Attorney for the Northern District of Texas,
et al. Argument commenced by Mr. J. M. Burford for the appellant;
continued by Mr. Robert L. Stern for the appellees; and concluded
by Mr. Robert E. Quirk for the appellant.
No. 43. The United States, petitioner, v. John McShain, Inc.
Argued by Mr. Richard H. Demuth for the petitioner and by Mr.
Prentice E. Edrington for the respondent.
Adjourned until Monday, October 23, at 12 o'clock.
☑
181208-39-14

MONDAY, OCTOBER 23, 1939
45
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: The Chief Justice, Mr. Justice Stone, Mr. Justice Roberts,
Mr. Justice Black, Mr. Justice Reed, Mr. Justice Frankfurter, and
Mr. Justice Douglas.
J. W. Harrell, of Jacksonville, Fla.; Gene DeMambro, of Lincoln
Park, Mich.; Mary Smith, of Rexburg, Idaho; Philip R. Overton, of
Austin, Tex.; Frank Cain, of Dallas, Tex.; Hartell F. Denmure, of
Aurora, Ind.; Fred H. Schauer, of Santa Barbara, Calif.; Francis
V. Robinson, of Lincoln, Nebr.; Harold S. Nelson, of Owatonna,
Minn.; Wendell W. Schooling, of Huntington Park, Calif.; Samuel G.
Wagner, of Pittsburgh, Pa.; Dorothea M. Wagner, of Pittsburgh, Pa.;
and John S. Henry, of New York City, were admitted to practice.
The Chief Justice said:
"The orders of the Court appear upon the list certified by the
Chief Justice and filed with the Clerk and will not be announced
orally."
No. 431. James F. Hoey, doing business as Midland Service Com-
pany, appellant, v. The United States of America and Interstate
Commerce Commission. Appeal from the District Court of the
United States for the Northern District of Illinois. Per curiam:
The motion for a stay is denied. The decree is affirmed. Interstate
Commerce Commission v. Union Pacific Railroad Company, 222 U. S.
541, 547-548; Los Angeles Switching Case, 234 U. S. 294, 311–312;
United States v. American Tin Plate Company, 301 U. S. 402, 411.
No. 406. John C. Allen, appellant, v. The People of the State of
Illinois. Appeal from the Supreme Court of the State of Illinois;
and
No. 448. Peter Gendusa, appellant, v. State of Louisiana. Appeal
from the Supreme Court of the State of Louisiana. Per curiam:
The appeals are dismissed for want of jurisdiction. Section 237 (a),
Judicial Code, as amended by the Act of February 13, 1925 (43 Stat.
936, 937). Treating the papers whereon the appeals were allowed as
petitions for writs of certiorari, as required by Section 237 (c) of
the Judicial Code, as amended (43 Stat. 936, 938), certiorari is denied.
The motions for leave to proceed further herein in forma pauperis
are also denied.
181208-39-15

MONDAY, OCTOBER 23, 1939
46
No. In the matter of the disbarment of Walter C. Balderston.
The application for an extension of time within which to file return
to the rule to show cause is denied.
No. In the matter of the disbarment of Walter C. Balderston.
It having been reported to the Court that the District Court of the
United States for the District of Columbia has entered an order
accepting the resignation of Walter C. Balderston, of Washington,
D. C., as a member of the bar of that court, directing that his name
be stricken from its roll of attorneys, and prohibiting him from
practicing law and holding himself out to be an attorney at law
in the District of Columbia;
And it appearing that by order of February 27, 1939, this Court
suspended the said Walter C. Balderston from the practice of law
in this Court and directed that a rule issue requiring him to show
cause, under Rule 2, why he should not be disbarred from the practice
of law in this Court;
And it further appearing that the said rule duly issued and was
served upon the said Walter C. Balderston; and no return or
answer to said rule having been filed by or in behalf of the said
Walter C. Balderston, although the return day thereof, as extended,
has passed;
It is now ordered that the said Walter C. Balderston be, and he
hereby is, disbarred, and that his name be stricken from the roll
of attorneys admitted to practice in this Court.
No., original. Ex parte Louis Martini, petitioner. The motion
for leave to file petition for writ of habeas corpus is denied.
No. 9, original. State of Arkansas, complainant, v. State of Ten-
nessee. The report of the Special Master herein is received and
ordered to be filed. It is ordered that exceptions to the said report,
if any, be filed on or before November 20, next; that briefs upon
such exceptions be filed on or before December 18; and that reply
briefs, if any, be filed on or before January 2. The cause is assigned
for hearing on Monday, January 8, next, at the head of the call for
that day.
No. 94. John Wojcichowski Burak, petitioner, v. The United States
of America. On petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Circuit Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit ;
No. 189. Martin J. Bernards and Lena Bernards, petitioners, v.
M. R. Johnston et al. On petition for writ of certiorari to the
United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit;
No. 233. Herbert Large, petitioner, v. Metropolitan Life Insurance
Company. On petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Circuit Court of Appeals for the Fourth Circuit ;

MONDAY, OCTOBER 23, 1939
47
No. 234. Annie R. Wharton and M. Elston Wharton, petitioners,
v. Shenandoah Publishing House et al. On petition for writ of
certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the
Fourth Circuit;
No. 284. Robt. L. Hill, petitioner, v. The Topeka Morris Plan. On
petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court.
of Appeals for the Tenth Circuit ;
No. 404. Eleanor Lewis-Kures et al., petitioners, v. Edward R.
Walsh & Co., Inc. On petition for writ of certiorari to the United
States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit; and
No. 439. Thomas Lewis, petitioner, v. S. P. Ashe, Warden, Western
State Penitentiary, et al. On petition for writ of certiorari to the
Supreme Court of the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania. The mo-
tions for leave to proceed further herein in forma pauperis are denied
for the reason that the Court, upon examination of the papers
herein submitted, finds no ground upon which writs of certiorari
should be issued. The petitions for writs of certiorari are therefore
also denied.
No. 195. Isiah (Izell) Chambers, Jack Williamson, et al., peti-
tioners, v. The State of Florida. The motion for leave to proceed
in forma pauperis is granted. The petition for writ of certiorari
to the Supreme Court of the State of Florida is also granted.
No. 354. Federal Housing Administration, Region No. 4, etc., peti-
tioner, v. Ruth Burr, doing business as Secretarial Service Bureau.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of the State of
Michigan granted.
No. 370. Montrose Cemetery Company, petitioner, v. Commissioner
of Internal Revenue. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United
States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Seventh Circuit granted.
No. 355. The United States of America, petitioner, v. Moscow Fire
Insurance Company, etc., et al. Petition for writ of certiorari
to the Supreme Court of the State of New York granted. The peti-
tioner having applied for a stay pending the final disposition of
the cause in this Court, It is hereby ordered that the application
for a stay be granted and that the Bank of New York and Trust
Company (Bank of New York) be, and it hereby is stayed from
☐ making any payment whatsoever pursuant to the judgment of the
Supreme Court of the State of New York dated August 22, 1934.
until further order of this Court. Mr. Justice Reed took no part in
the consideration and decision of these applications.
No. 353. Milk Wagon Drivers Union of Chicago, Local 753, etc.,
et al., petitioners, v. Meadowmoor Dairies, Inc. On consideration
of the suggestion of a diminution of the record and motion for a

MONDAY, OCTOBER 23, 1939
48
writ of certiorari in that relation, the motion for a writ of certi-
orari is granted. The petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme
Court of the State of Illinois is denied.
No. 372. Lucile Harvey, a widow, petitioner, v. City of St. Peters-
burg, a municipal corporation, etc. Petition for writ of certiorari
to the Supreme Court of the State of Florida denied for the want
of a final judgment.
No. 375. Stackpole Sons, Inc., et al., petitioners, v. Houghton
Mifflin Company. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United
States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit denied. Mr.
Justice Frankfurter took no part in the consideration and decision
of this application.
No. 307. Corinne Griffith Marshall, petitioner, v. The United
States. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Claims denied.
No. 335. The Western Union Telegraph Company et al., petition-
ers, v. Parker Rust-Proof Company et al.; and
No. 414. Parker Rust-Proof Company et al., petitioners, v. The
Western Union Telegraph Company et al. Petitions for writs of
certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the
Second Circuit denied.
No. 356. In the matter of Dan W. Tracy, petitioner. Petition for
writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for
the Second Circuit denied.
No. 358. Standard Surety & Casualty Company of New York,
petitioner, v. Standard Accident Insurance Company. Petition for
writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for
the Eighth Circuit denied.
No. 360. Bertram Wm. Coltman, petitioner, v. Colgate-Palmolive-
Peet Company. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Circuit Court of Appeals for the Seventh Circuit denied.
No. 361. James Talcott, Inc., petitioner, v. Joseph Glavin, Trustee,
etc.; and
No. 362. James Talcott, Inc., petitioner, v. Joseph Glavin, Trustee,
Petition for writs of certiorari to the United States Circuit
Court of Appeals for the Third Circuit denied.
No. 363. Faye Glenn, C. F. Dillard, Trustee, et al., petitioners, v.
Bessie Lewis and The United States of America. Petition for writ
of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the
Tenth Circuit denied.
No. 364. Horatio Wales, petitioner, v. John Jacobs. Petition for
writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for
the Sixth Circuit denied.

MONDAY, OCTOBER 23, 1939
49
No. 368. Samuel A. Neidich, petitioner, v. Commissioner of Inter-
nal Revenue. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Circuit Court of Appeals for the Third Circuit denied.
No. 369. Sig Ellingson and Company, petitioner, v. Mason City
Production Credit Association. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
Supreme Court of the State of Minnesota denied.
No. 373. Acme Tank Cleaning Process Corporation, petitioner, v.
Salvage Process Corporation et al. Petition for writ of certiorari
to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit
denied.
No. 377. The United States of America, petitioner, v. American
Medical Association, a corporation, et al. Petition for writ of certio-
rari to the United States Court of Appeals for the District of
Columbia denied.
No. 378. British-American Tobacco Company, Ltd., petitioner, v.
Federal Reserve Bank of New York. Petition for writ of certiorari
to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit
denied.
No. 141. William Roy Miller, petitioner, v. The United States of
America;
No. 144. Flora B. Dodd, petitioner, v. Aetna Life Insurance Com-
pany;
and
No. 212. Radium Dial Company, appellant, v. Edward T. Ryan,
Clerk, etc. Petitions for rehearing denied.
Mr. Justice Butler took no part in the consideration and decision
of the cases in which judgments or orders are this day announced.
No. 12, original. State of Missouri, complainant, v. State of Iowa.
Stipulation to dismiss bill of complaint and as to costs submitted.
Adjourned until Monday, November 6, next, at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Monday, November 6, will be as follows: Nos. 300,
343, 20, 32, 27, 72, 309, 28, 33, and 35.
☑

1
MONDAY, NOVEMBER 6, 1939
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
50
Present: The Chief Justice, Mr. Justice McReynolds, Mr. Justice
Stone, Mr. Justice Roberts, Mr. Justice Black, Mr. Justice Reed, Mr.
Justice Frankfurter, and Mr. Justice Douglas.
M. L. Cook, of Galveston, Texas; Craig Van Meter, of Mattoon,
Ill.; Hugh C. Simpson, of Knoxville, Tenn.; John Thaddeus Baker,
of Muskogee, Okla.; John J. Woolley, of Athens, Ohio; Lawrence
Grosvenor Worstell, Jr., of Athens, Ohio; Mary Kathryn Kernan, of
Dayton, Ohio; Lorine Miller, of Dayton, Ohio; Homer Kripke, of
Washington, D. C.; Scott Clawson Lambert, of San Francisco, Calif.;
E. Stanley Brin, Chicago, Ill.; Fred H. Kelly, of Mattoon, Ill.;
Luther M. Bickett, of San Antonio, Texas; Samuel Korman Char-
ness, of Chicago, Ill.; M. Sherwood Slate, of Chicago, Ill.; Frank A.
Kearney, of Phoebus, Va.; H. Maurice Fridlund, of New York City;
Frank V. Lipari, of New York City; John B. McCraw, of Dallas,
Texas; Marie McCraw Robinson, of Dallas, Texas; and Samuel B.
Wasserman, of New York City; were admitted to practice.
No. 1. Guy T. Helvering, Commissioner of Internal Revenue, peti-
tioner, v. Wilshire Oil Company, Inc. On writ of certiorari to the
United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit. Judg-
ment reversed and cause remanded to the said Circuit Court of Ap-
peals for further proceedings in conformity with the opinion of this
Court. Opinion by Mr. Justice Douglas. Mr. Justice Butler and
Mr. Justice Reed took no part in the consideration or decision of
this case.¹
No. 26. F. H. E. Oil Company, petitioner, v. Commissioner of
Internal Revenue. On writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit
Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit. Judgment affirmed and cause
remanded to the said Circuit Court of Appeals. Opinion by Mr.
Justice Douglas. Mr. Justice Butler and Mr. Justice Reed took no
part in the consideration or disposition of this case.
No. 23. Thomas K. Case and Adele B. Cowan, and Estate of Adele
B. Cowan, Deceased, petitioners, v. Los Angeles Lumber Products
Company, Ltd.; and
1 No. 2. Guy T. Helvering, Commissioner of Internal Revenue, v. Bandini Petroleum
Company; and No. 3, Guy T. Helvering, Commissioner of Internal Revenue, v. Wilshire
Annex Oil Company. On writs of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals
for the Ninth Circuit. Judgments reversed, per stipulation of counsel to abide the decision
in No. 1.
181208-39--16

MONDAY, NOVEMBER 6, 1939
51
No. 24. Thomas K. Case and Adele B. Cowan, and Estate of Adele
B. Cowan, Deceased, petitioners, v. Los Angeles Lumber Products
Company, Ltd. On writs of certiorari to the United States Circuit
Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit. Decrees reversed with costs,
and cases remanded to the District Court of the United States for
the Southern District of California for further proceedings in con-
formity with the opinion of this Court. Opinion by Mr. Justice
Douglas. Mr. Justice Butler took no part in the consideration or
disposition of these cases.
No. 7. Howard S. Palmer, James Lee Loomis, and Henry B.
Sawyer, Trustees, etc., petitioners, v. The Commonwealth of Mas-
sachusetts. On writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court
of Appeals for the Second Circuit. Decree affirmed with costs and
cause remanded to the District Court of the United States for the
District of Connecticut. Opinion by Mr. Justice Frankfurter. Mr.
Justice Butler took no part in the consideration or decision of this
case.
No. 4. Evelyn Treinies, petitioner, v. Sunshine Mining Company,
Katherine Mason, T. R. Mason, et al. On writ of certiorari to the
United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit. De-
cree affirmed, and cause remanded to the District Court of the United
States for the District of Idaho. Opinion by Mr. Justice Reed. Mr.
Justice Butler took no part in the consideration or decision of this
case.
No. 15. L. Boteler, Trustee of the Estate of Richmaid Creameries,
Inc., Debtor, petitioner, v. Ray Ingels, Director of Motor Vehicles of
the State of California, et al.; and
No. 16. L. Boteler, Trustee of Richmaid Creameries, Inc., Debtor,
petitioner, v. Ray Ingels, Director of Motor Vehicles of the State of
California et al. On writs of certiorari to the United States Circuit
Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit. Decrees affirmed with costs,
and causes remanded to the District Court of the United States for the
Southern District of California. Opinion by Mr. Justice Black.
Mr. Justice Butler took no part in the consideration or decision of
these cases.
No. 30. The United States of America, petitioner, v. The Glenn L.
Martin Company. On writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit
Court of Appeals for the Fourth Circuit. Judgment of the Circuit
Court of Appeals reversed and judgment of the District Court of the
United States for the District of Maryland affirmed and cause re-
manded to the said District Court. Opinion by Mr. Justice Black.
Mr. Justice Butler took no part in the consideration or decision of
this case.
No. 34. Estate of Charles Henry Sanford, Deceased, Jennie R.
Baird, Substitutionary Administratrix, C. T. A., petitioner, v. Com-

MONDAY, NOVEMBER 6, 1939
52
missioner of Internal Revenue. On writ of certiorari to the United
States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Third Circuit. Judgment
affirmed, and cause remanded to the said Circuit Court of Appeals.
Opinion by Mr. Justice Stone. Mr. Justice Butler took no part in
the consideration or decision of this case.
No. 37. Almon G. Rasquin, Collector of Internal Revenue of the
United States for the First District of New York, petitioner, v.
George Arents Humphreys. On writ of certiorari to the United
States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit. Judgment
affirmed with costs, and cause remanded to the District Court of the
United States for the Eastern District of New York. Opinion by
Mr. Justice Stone. Mr. Justice Butler took no part in the consid-
eration or decision of this case.
No. 9. Standard Brands, Inc., petitioner, v. National Grain Yeast
Corporation. On writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit
Court of Appeals for the Third Circuit. Decree affirmed with
costs, and cause remanded to the District Court of the United States
for the District of New Jersey. Opinion by Mr. Justice McReyn-
olds. Mr. Justice Butler and Mr. Justice Stone took no part in
the consideration or decision of this cause.
No., original. Commonwealth of Massachusetts, complainant,
v. State of Missouri et al. On motion for leave to file bill of com-
plaint. Motion for leave to file bill of complaint denied. Opinion
by Mr. Chief Justice Hughes. Mr. Justice Butler took no part in
the consideration and decision of this case.
No. 10. M. Luther Pittman, Clerk of the Superior Court of Balti-
more City, petitioner, v. Home Owners' Loan Corporation of Wash-
ington, D. C. On writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals of the
State of Maryland. Judgment affirmed. Opinion by Mr. Chief
Justice Hughes. Mr. Justice Butler took no part in the consider-
ation and decision of this case.
The Chief Justice announced the following orders of the Court:
No. 31. Texas Electric Railway Company, appellant, v. Clyde O.
Eastus, United States Attorney for the Northern District of Texas,
et al. Appeal form the District Court of the United States for the
Northern District of Texas. Per curiam: The judgment is affirmed.
Shields v. Utah Idaho Central R. Co., 305 U. S. 177; Interstate Com-
merce Commission v. Union Pacific Railroad Co., 222 U. S. 541, 547–
548; Los Angeles Switching Case, 234 U. S. 294, 311-312; United
States v. American Tin Plate Co., 301 U. S. 402, 411.

MONDAY, NOVEMBER 6, 1939
53
No. 43. The United States, petitioner, v. John McShain, Inc. On
writ of certiorari to the Court of Claims. Per curiam: The judg-
ment is reversed, and the cause is remanded to the Court of Claims
with instructions to enter judgment in favor of the United States.
Plumley v. United States, 226 U. S. 545, 547; Merrill-Ruckgaber Co.
v. United States, 241 U. S. 387, 393.
No. 388. Graybar Electric Company, Inc., et al., appellants, v. John
C. Curry, as Commissioner of Revenue of the State of Alabama, et al.
Appeal from the Supreme Court of the State of Alabama. Per
curiam: The motion to affirm is granted and the judgment is affirmed.
Banker Bros. v. Pennsylvania, 222 U. S. 210; Wiloil Corporation v.
Pennsylvania, 294 U. S. 169.
No. 396. W. T. Carter & Bros. et al., appellants, v. Earle H. Short
et al. Appeal from the Supreme Court of the State of Texas. Per
curiam: The motion to dismiss is granted and the appeal is dis-
missed for want of a properly presented substantial federal ques-
tion. (1) Godchaux Co. v. Estopinal, 251 U. S. 179; Rooker v.
Fidelity Trust Co., 261 U. S. 114, 117; Herndon v. Georgia, 295 U. S.
441, 443; (2) Compare Litchfield v. Register, 9 Wall. 575, 577–578;
Minnesota v. Lane, 247 U. S. 243, 250; Lane v. Darlington, 249 U. S.
331, 333.
No. 458. H. Merlyn Christie, Clayton N. Smith, et al., appellants,
v. J. E. Broussard, Individually, et al. Appeal from the Court of
Civil Appeals, 9th Supreme Judicial District, State of Texas. Per
curiam: The motion to dismiss is granted and the appeal is dis-
missed for want of a properly presented substantial federal question.
(1) Mutual Life Insurance Co. v. McGrew, 188 U. S. 291, 308; God-
chaux Co. v. Estopinal, 251 U. S. 179; Home for Incurables v. City
of New York, 187 U. S. 155, 158; (2) Roberts v. City of New York,
295 U. S. 264, 278; Seattle Ry. v. Linhoff, 231 U. S. 568, 570; Cross
Lake Shooting and Fishing Club v. Louisiana, 224 U. S. 632, 638;
Ross v. Oregon, 227 U. S. 150, 162.
No. 468. Roedenbeck Farms, Inc., W. L. Kemper, et al., appellants,
v. J. E. Broussard, Individually, et al. Appeal from the Court of
Civil Appeals, 9th Supreme Judicial District, State of Texas. Per
curiam: The motion to dismiss is granted and the appeal is dis-
missed for want of a properly presented substantial federal question.
(1) Mutual Life Ins. Co. v. McGrew, 188 U. S. 291, 308; Zadig v.
Baldwin, 166 U. S. 485, 488; Home for Incurables v. City of New
York, 187 U. S. 155, 158; (2) Roberts v. City of New York, 295 U. S.
264, 278; Seattle Ry. v. Linhoff, 231 U. S. 568, 570; Cross Lake Shoot-
ing and Fishing Club v. Louisiana, 224 U. S. 632, 638; Ross v. Ore-
gon, 227 U. S. 150, 162.

MONDAY, NOVEMBER 6, 1939
The Chief Justice said:
54
"The other orders of the Court appear upon the list certified by the
Chief Justice and filed with the Clerk and will not be announced
orally."
ORDER
It is ordered that the members of the Advisory Committee ap-
pointed by Orders of June 3, 1935, and February 17, 1936, to assist
the Court in the preparation of a unified system of general rules for
cases in equity and actions at law in the District Courts of the United
States and in the Supreme Court of the District of Columbia, or
so many of such members as are willing to serve, be requested to
prepare and submit to the Court such amendments as they may
deem advisable to the Rules of Civil Procedure adopted by the Court
and reported to Congress by the Attorney General on January 3,
1938.
ORDER
The Court appoints Mr. Elmore Whitehurst, of Texas, to be
Assistant Director of the Administrative Office of the United States
Courts, pursuant to the Act to provide for the administration of the
United States Courts, and for other purposes, approved August 7,
1939.
ORDER
It is ordered that, pursuant to the provisions of Public Resolution
No. 50, 76th Congress, approved August 10, 1939, there be transferred
$25,000 from the appropriation "Miscellaneous Salaries, United States
Courts, 1940," to an appropriation to be designated "Salaries, Ad-
ministrative Office, United States Courts, 1940," and that $25,000 be
transferred from the appropriation "Miscellaneous Expenses, United
States Courts, 1940,” to an appropriation to be designated "Contingent
Expenses, Administrative Office, United States Courts, 1940."
No. 408. Harry Dean, petitioner, v. The United States of America.
On petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court
of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit; and
No. 434. Alfred K. Queen, petitioner, v. The United States of
America. On petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Circuit Court of Appeals for the Fourth Circuit. The motions for
leave to proceed further herein in forma pauperis are denied for the
reason that the Court, upon examination of the papers herein sub-
mitted, finds no ground upon which writs of certiorari should be
issued. The petitions for writs of certiorari are therefore also denied.
No. 380. Alfred A. Maurer and Marcus W. Myers, Trading as
Maurer & Myers Auto Convoy, appellants, v. William J. Hamilton,

MONDAY, NOVEMBER 6, 1939
55
Jr., Secretary of Revenue, etc., et al. Further consideration of the
question of the jurisdiction of this Court in this case is postponed
to the hearing of the case on the merits.
No. 394. State of Minnesota ex rel. Charles Edwin Pearson, ap-
pellant, v. Probate Court of Ramsey County, Minnesota, et al. In
this case probable jurisdiction is noted. It is ordered that Michael
F. Kinkead, present probate judge of Ramsey County be substituted
as a party appellee in the place of Albin S. Pearson, pursuant to
stipulation of counsel.
No. 383. Guy T. Helvering, Commissioner of Internal Revenue,
petitioner, v. George B. Clifford, Jr. Petition for writ of certiorari
to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Eighth Circuit
granted.
No. 384. Guy T. Helvering, Commissioner of Internal Revenue,
petitioner v. Meredith Wood. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit
granted.
No. 386. The Dickinson Industrial Site, Inc., a corporation, etc.,
petitioner, v. Percy Cowan et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to
the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Seventh Circuit
granted.
No. 419. Guy T. Helvering, Commissioner of Internal Revenue,
petitioner, v. John Kehoe. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Third Circuit
granted.
No. 399. Waldo G. Bryant and Ida Bryant, Executors, etc., peti-
tioners, v. Commissioner of Internal Revenue. Petition for writ of
certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Second
Circuit granted and case assigned for argument immediately following
No. 183.
No. 286. William R. Parmele, petitioner, v. State of Ohio. The
motion for leave to proceed on a typewritten record is granted.
The motion of John Rossel to be made a party is denied because filed
too late. The petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of
the State of Ohio is denied.
No. 382. Leslie G. McKenney, petitioner, v. Swayne & Hoyt, Ltd.,
et al. The motion for leave to proceed on a typewritten record is
granted. The petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Circuit Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit is denied.
No. 428. J. Dudley Clark, petitioner, v. Frederick S. Deitrick,
Receiver, etc., et al. The motion for leave to file typewritten docu-
ments as part of the record in lieu of printing is granted. The

MONDAY, NOVEMBER 6, 1939
56
petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court
of Appeals for the First Circuit is denied.
No. 441. Standard Oil Company of New Jersey, petitioner, v.
A/B Svenska Amerika Linien, as Owner, etc. Petition for writ of
certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the
☐ Second Circuit denied. Mr. Justice Roberts took no part in the
consideration and decision of this application.
No. 318. The Texas Company, Delaware-Louisiana Fur Trapping
Company, Inc., et al., petitioners, v. Parish of Jefferson. Petition
for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of the State of Louisiana
denied.
No. 357. The Hammond Clock Company, petitioner, v. The Electric
Auto-Lite Company. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United
States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Sixth Circuit denied.
No. 379. Stelly Frazie, petitioner, v. Orleans Dredging Company.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of the State
of Mississippi denied.
No. 381. Edward E. Rieck, petitioner, v. Guy T. Helvering, Com-
missioner of Internal Revenue. Petition for writ of certiorari to
the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Third Circuit
denied.
No. 385. City of Long Beach, Glen L. Clark, et al., petitioners, v.
H. F. Metcalf, as Trustee, etc. Petition for writ of certiorari to
the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit
denied.
No. 387. Felipe F. Vidal, Receiver, petitioner, v. Benigno Fer-
nandez Garcia, Attorney General of Puerto Rico, et al. Petition
for writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals
for the First Circuit denied.
No. 389. Luckenbach Steamship Company, Inc., Owner, etc., peti-
tioner, v. S/S "Sylvan Arrow” et al. Petition for writ of certiorari
to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit
denied.
No. 395. Carnegie-Illinois Steel Corporation, Successor, etc., peti-
tioner, v. Andrew B. Berger, Receiver, etc. Petition for writ of
certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Third
Circuit denied.
No. 398. Louisville & Nashville Railroad Company, petitioner, v.
Philip S. Grizzard, Jr., as Administrator, etc. Petition for writ of
certiorari to the Supreme Court of the State of Alabama denied.
No. 401. Dean Alvord et al., petitioners, v. Town of Belleair, J. C.
Smith as Tax Collector, etc., et al. Petition for writ of certiorari
to the Supreme Court of the State of Florida denied.
1
"

MONDAY, NOVEMBER 6, 1939
57
No. 402. J. G. Haverstick, petitioner, v. Drainage District No. 7
of Poinsett County, Arkansas. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Eighth Circuit
denied.
No. 403. Richard Barry, petitioner, v. Howard Hughes, Caddo
Company, Inc., et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United
States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit denied.
No. 410. Sunshine Anthracite Coal Company, petitioner, v. Harold
L. Ickes, as Secretary of the Interior, et al. Petition for writ of
certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the
Eighth Circuit denied.
No. 311. William T. Wright, Individually, etc., petitioner, v.
Albany Port District Commission et al. Petition for writ of cer-
tiorari to the Supreme Court of the State of New York denied.
No. 405. Lykes Brothers Ripley Steamship Co., Inc., petitioner, v.
Mannie Smith. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Circuit Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 415. The Crosley Corporation, petitioner, v. Federal Communi-
cations Commission. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United
States Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia denied.
No. 416. Village of Downers Grove, petitioner, v. Harry Joseph, as
Receiver, etc. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Circuit Court of Appeals for the Seventh Circuit denied.
No. 418. Stackpole Carbon Company, petitioner, v. National Labor
Relations Board. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Circuit Court of Appeals for the Third Circuit denied.
No. 420. General American Life Insurance Company, petitioner,
v. Central National Bank of Cleveland, Trustee, etc. Petition for
writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for
the Sixth Circuit denied.
No. 421. William McKay, petitioner, v. Fort Shelby Hotel Com-
pany, Debtor, et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United
States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Sixth Circuit denied.
No. 422. Royal Indemnity Company, petitioner, v. The United
States of America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United
States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit denied.
No. 423. Frank Bornn, doing business as Bornn Distilling Com-
pany, petitioner, v. The United States of America. Petition for
writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals.
for the Second Circuit denied.
No. 424. William J. Dennis et al., petitioners, v. L. E. Pitner et al.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of
Appeals for the Seventh Circuit denied.

MONDAY, NOVEMBER 6, 1939
58
No. 432. The United States of America, petitioner, v. Ana Rosario,
Beneficiary of John J. Robles. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
United States Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia denied.
No. 435. McAllister Towing & Transportation Company, Inc.,
petitioner, v. American Diamond Lines, Inc., et al. Petition for
writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for
the Second Circuit denied.
No. 436. A. Danciger, Jack Danciger, et al., petitioners, v. Floyd E.
Jacobs, Administrator, etc., et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to
the Supreme Court of the State of Missouri denied.
No. 440. F. H. Gouax et al., petitioners, v. Harry E. Bovay and
Kenyon D. Wells, Trustees, etc., et al. Petition for writ of certiorari
to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Fifth Cir-
cuit denied.
No. 451. City of Reading, petitioner, v. Walter S. Rae. Petition
for writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals
for the Third Circuit denied.
No. 469. Albert J. Peterson, Lewis W. Riddle, et al., petitioners, v.
Weightstill Woods, Court Trustee, et al. Petition for writ of certio-
rari to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Seventh
Circuit denied.
No. 173. The Trustees of Pillsbury Academy, a corporation, appel-
lants, v. The State of Minnesota; and
No. 174. The Trustees of Pillsbury Academy, a corporation, appel-
lants, v. The State of Minnesota. The petitions for rehearing are
denied. Mr. Justice Black took no part in the consideration and de-
cision of these applications.
No. 217. Jane Bass, Administratrix, etc., petitioner, v. Mabel A.
Dehner, Executrix, etc. Petition for rehearing denied. Mr. Justice
Black is of opinion that the petition for rehearing and the petition
for writ of certiorari in this case should be granted.
No., original. Ex parte J. R. Palmer, petitioner ;
No. 54. John D. Ball, petitioner, v. The United States of America;
No. 71. The Roby-Somers Coal Company, petitioner, v. C. F.
Routzahn. Individually and as Collector of Internal Revenue;
No. 150. Highway Steel & Manufacturing Company, appellant, v.
Crawford County Circuit Court and J. O. Kincannon, the Judge
thereof;
No. 168. R. L. Balffer & Company, petitioner, v. Commissioner of
Internal Revenue;
No. 209. Betty Rogers, O. N. Beasley, et al., etc., petitioners, v.
Commissioner of Internal Revenue;
181208-39-17

MONDAY, NOVEMBER 6, 1939
59
No. 238. George M. Madden, doing business as Kohl & Madden
Printing Ink Company, petitioner, v. Mac Sim Bar Paper Company;
No. 249. Weightstill Woods, Court Trustee, petitioner, v. In-
demnity Insurance Company of North America;
No. 250. Weightstill Woods, Court Trustee, petitioner, v. Granada
Apartments, Inc., et al.;
No. 257. Standard Oil Company of New Jersey, as Owner, etc.,
petitioner, v. Edwin Bonici;
No. 263. Orville Chester Garrison, petitioner, v. James A. John-
ston, Warden, etc.;
No. 296. People of the State of Illinois ex rel. Emil Eitel and Karl
Eitel, appellants, v. John Toman, as Successor, etc., et al.; and
No. 297. People of the State of Illinois ex rel. Sears, Roebuck & Co.,
appellant, v. John Toman, as Successor to Horace G. Lindheimer,
etc., et al. Petitions for rehearing denied.
Mr. Justice Butler took no part in the consideration and decision
of the cases in which judgments or orders are this day announced.
No. 6. Inland Waterways Corporation et al., petitioners, v. Cary H.
Hardee, Receiver, etc. Motion to substitute Frederick J. Young,
Receiver of the Commercial National Bank of Washington, D. C.,
as the party respondent in the place and stead of Cary H. Hardee,
resigned, submitted by Mr. George B. Springston for the respondent.
No. 256. Borough of Fort Lee, a municipal corporation, etc., et al.,
petitioners, v. The United States of America ex rel. Edwin H. Barker
et al. On petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit
Court of Appeals for the Third Circuit. Dismissed per stipulation
of counsel.
No. 300. Jerry Bruno, petitioner, v. The United States of America.
Argued by Mr. Samuel B. Wasserman for the petitioner and by Mr.
Assistant Attorney General Rogge for the respondent.
No. 343. The United States of America et al., appellants, v. Frank
O. Lowden et al., as Trustees, etc. Argued by Mr. James C. Wilson
for the appellants and by Mr. W. F. Peter for the appellees.
No. 20. National Labor Relations Board, petitioner, v. Newport
News Shipbuilding & Dry Dock Company. Argument commenced
by Mr. Charles Fahy for the petitioner.
Adjourned until tomorrow at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Tuesday, November 7, will be as follows: Nos. 20,
32, 27, 72, 309, 28, 33, 39, 48, and 40.
Х

TUESDAY, NOVEMBER 7, 1939
60
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: The Chief Justice, Mr. Justice McReynolds, Mr. Justice
Stone, Mr. Justice Roberts, Mr. Justice Black, Mr. Justice Reed, Mr.
Justice Frankfurter, and Mr. Justice Douglas.
James J. Dillon, of Atlanta, Ga.; Ross A. Burley, of Louisville,
Ky.; Hugh E. Wall, Jr., of Dayton, Ohio; Richard K. Lyon, of Wash-
ington, D. C.; and George T. Garrett, of Montgomery, Ala., were
admitted to practice.
No.
-
Philadelphia-Detroit Lines, Inc., a corporation, appellant,
v. United States of America and Interstate Commerce Commission.
The application of the appellant for the suspension of the challenged
order of the Interstate Commerce Commission pending an appeal
herein has been referred by Mr. Justice Black to the Court and the
application is denied.
No. 20. National Labor Relations Board, petitioner, v. Newport
News Shipbuilding & Dry Dock Company. Argument continued by
Mr. Charles Fahy for the petitioner; by Mr. H. H. Rumble for the
respondent; by Mr. Frank A. Kearney for the Employees' Representa-
tive Committee, Intervener; and concluded by Mr. Charles Fahy for
the petitioner.
No. 32. City of Atlanta, a Municipal Corporation of the State of
Georgia, appellant, v. National Bituminous Coal Commission et al.
Harold L. Ickes, Secretary of the Interior, substituted as the party
appellee in the place and stead of National Bituminous Coal Com-
mission and Percy Tetlow, Chairman, et al., on motion of Mr. J. C.
Murphy for the appellant.
No. 32. City of Atlanta, a Municipal Corporation of the State of
Georgia, appellant, v. Harold L. Ickes, Secretary of the Interior.
Leave granted Charles S. Rhyne to appear and present oral argument
for the appellant pro hac vice, on motion of Mr. J. C. Murphy in that
behalf. Argument commenced by Mr. J. C. Murphy for the appel-
lant. The Court declined to hear further argument.
No. 27. Mabel Franklin and R. F. Graves, petitioners, v. The United
States of America. Argued by Mr. Warner W. Gardner for the re-
spondent and case submitted by Mr. Sam Costen for the petitioners.
181208-39- -18

TUESDAY, NOVEMBER 7, 1939
61
No. 72. The United States of America, petitioner, v. Mrs. Julia
Caroline Sponenbarger et al. Argument commenced by Mr. Warner
W. Gardner for the petitioner.
Adjourned until tomorrow at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Wednesday, November 8, will be as follows: Nos.
72, 309, 28, 33, 39, 48, 40, 42, 240, and 56.
☑

WEDNESDAY, NOVEMBER 8, 1939
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
62
Present: The Chief Justice, Mr. Justice McReynolds, Mr. Justice
Stone, Mr. Justice Roberts, Mr. Justice Black, Mr. Justice Reed,
Mr. Justice Frankfurter, and Mr. Justice Douglas.
Joseph Marks, of Washington, D. C.; Abraham Mann, of New
York City; Frank W. Ingram, of Reno, Nev.; and T. E. Mosheim,
of Sequin, Tex., were admitted to practice.
No. 193. National Labor Relations Board, petitioner, v. Waterman
Steamship Corporation. Motion of the National Maritime Union
of America for leave to intervene submitted by Mr. Joseph Kovner
in that behalf.
No. 72. The United States of America, petitioner, v. Mrs. Julia
Caroline Sponenbarger et al. Argument continued by Mr. Warner
W. Gardner for the petitioner; by Mr. Lamar Williamson for the
respondents; and concluded by Mr. Warner W. Gardner for the
petitioner.
No. 309. William H. Danforth, petitioner, v. The United States of
America. Argued by Mr. J. L. London for the petitioner and by
Mr. Warner W. Gardner for the respondent.
No. 28. Cities Service Oil Company, petitioner, v. B. P. Dunlap
et al. Argument commenced by Mr. Clayton L. Orn for the peti-
tioner.
Adjourned until tomorrow at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Thursday, November 9, will be as follows: Nos. 28,
33, 39, 48, 40, 42, 240, 56, 69, and 77.
☑
181208-39-19

THURSDAY, NOVEMBER 9, 1939
63
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: The Chief Justice, Mr. Justice McReynolds, Mr. Justice
Stone, Mr. Justice Roberts, Mr. Justice Black, Mr. Justice Reed, Mr.
Justice Frankfurter, and Mr. Justice Douglas.
Mary Elizabeth Rose, of Washington, D. C.; David Fisher, of
Chicago, Ill.; John L. McInerney, of Chicago, Ill.; and Casper C.
Cutler, of Detroit, Mich., were admitted to practice.
No. 10, original, October Term, 1935. The State of Wyoming, com-
plainant . The State of Colorado. ORDER. Upon consideration of
the stipulation of counsel in the above-entitled cause, It is now here
ordered that the time within which the State of Colorado shall file
its return to the rule to show cause be, and the same hereby is, ex-
tended to and including December 16, 1939.
No. 28. Cities Service Oil Company, petitioner, v. B. P. Dunlap
et al. Argument continued by Mr. Clayton L. Orn for the petitioner,
by Mr. Angus G. Wynne for the respondents and concluded by Mr.
Clayton L. Orn for the petitioner. Leave granted counsel for re-
spondent to file additional brief within five days.
No. 33. John Hancock Mutual Life Insurance Company, petitioner,
v. Benno Bartels. Argument commenced by Mr. L. M. Bickett for
the petitioner; continued by Mr. T. E. Mosheim, by Mr. Elmer
McClain and Mr. William Lemke for the respondent and concluded
by Mr. L. M. Bickett for the petitioner.
No. 39. Jean McNeil Pepper, petitioner, v. Scott Litton. Argument
commenced by Mr. M. M. Heuser for the petitioner.
Adjourned until tomorrow at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Friday, November 10, will be as follows: Nos. 39,
48, 40, 42, 240, 56, 69, 77, 63, and 68.
☑
181208-39-20

FRIDAY, NOVEMBER 10, 1939
64
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: The Chief Justice, Mr. Justice McReynolds, Mr. Justice
Stone, Mr. Justice Roberts, Mr. Justice Black, Mr. Justice Reed,
Mr. Justice Frankfurter, and Mr. Justice Douglas.
Max Radin, of Berkeley, Calif.; J. A. A. Burnquist, of St. Paul,
Minn.; Harold F. McGuire, of Washington, D. C.; Edward C.
McLean, of New York City; Leonard D. Callahan, of Washington,
D. C.; Harold Shapero, of New York City: and Jesse Climemko, of
New York City, were admitted to practice.
No. 39. Jean McNeil Pepper, petitioner, v. Scott Litton. Argu-
ment continued by Mr. M. M. Heuser for the petitioner; by Mr.
Henry Roberts for the respondent; and concluded by Mr. M. M.
Heuser for the petitioner.
No. 48. The United States of America, petitioner, v. Honorable
Patrick T. Stone, United States District Judge for the Western
District of Wisconsin. Argued by Mr. Assistant Attorney General
Arnold for the petitioner and by Mr. Weymouth Kirkland for the
respondent.
No. 40. The Union Stock Yard and Transit Company of Chicago,
appellant, v. The United States of America et al. Argument com-
menced by Mr. Frederick H. Wood for the appellant.
Adjourned until Monday next at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Monday, November 13, will be as follows: Nos. 40,
42, 240, 56, 397, 69, 77, 63, 68, and 49.
181208-39--21
☑

MONDAY, NOVEMBER 13, 1939
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
65
Present: The Chief Justice, Mr. Justice McReynolds, Mr. Justice
Stone, Mr. Justice Roberts, Mr. Justice Black, Mr. Justice Reed, Mr.
Justice Frankfurter, and Mr. Justice Douglas.
Thomas J. Gallagher, of Brooklyn, N. Y.; Peter J. Connolly, of
Washington, D. C.; Vivian A. Clements, Jr., of Washington, D. C.;
Abraham W. Brussell, of Chicago, Ill.; Daniel D. Carmell, of Chi-
cago, Ill.; Thornton G. Berry, Jr., of Welch, W. Va.; Irving R.
Kaufman, of New York City; Dean H. Dickinson, of Portland, Oreg.;
Nat B. King, of Laredo, Tex.; Harry Stickney, of Cincinnati, Ohio;
William C. Graves, of Chicago, Ill.; Martin Burns, of Chicago, Ill.;
Catherine E. Falvey, of Somerville, Mass.; Kathryn C. Field, of
Boston, Mass.; Samuel L. Lipman, of New Bedford, Mass.; Emil H.
Molthan, of Philadelphia, Pa.; Joseph Neff Ewing, of Valley Forge,
Pa.; Willard H. Hawley, of Washington, D. C.; and Glenn Simmon,
of Washington, D. C., were admitted to practice.
No. 25. Valvoline Oil Company, appellant, v. The United States of
America and Interstate Commerce Commission. Appeal from the
District Court of the United States for the Western District of Penn-
sylvania. Judgment affirmed. Opinion by Mr. Justice Reed. Mr.
Justice Butler took no part in the consideration or decision of this
case.
No. 8. Ziffrin, Incorporated, appellant, v. H. Clyde Reeves, Com-
missioner of Revenue of the Commonwealth of Kentucky, et al. Ap-
peal from the District Court of the United States for the Eastern
District of Kentucky. Decree affirmed with costs. Opinion by Mr.
Justice McReynolds. Mr. Justice Butler took no part in the con-
sideration or decision of this case.
The Chief Justice announced the following orders of the Court:
No. 400. First National Bank of Albuquerque, appellant, v. State
Tax Commission et al. Appeal from the Supreme Court of the
State of New Mexico. Per curiam: The appeal is dismissed for want
of a substantial federal question. Bell's Gap Railroad Company v.
Pennsylvania, 134 U. S. 232, 236-238; Des Moines Bank v. Fair-
weather, 263 U. S. 103. The petition for writ of certiorari is denied.
181208-39-22

MONDAY, NOVEMBER 13, 1939
66
No. 447. J. Paul Leonard, Trading as Community Variety Store,
appellant, v. A. J. Maxwell, as Commissioner of Revenue. Appeal
from the Supreme Court of the State of North Carolina. Per
curiam: The motion for leave to file a statement as to jurisdiction
is granted. The motion to dismiss is also granted and the appeal is
dismissed for want of a substantial federal question. (1) American
Sugar Refining Company v. Louisiana, 179 U. S. 89, 93–95; Car-
michael v. Southern Coal Co., 301 U. S. 495, 509-510; Rapid Transit
Corporation, v. New York, 303 U. S. 573, 578–581. (2) Smiley v.
Kansas, 196 U. S. 447, 457; Darnell v. Indiana, 226 U. S. 390, 398.
No. 27. Mabel Franklin and R. F. Graves, petitioners, v. The
United States of America. On writ of certiorari to the United
States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Sixth Circuit. Per curiam:
The judgment is affirmed upon the ground that the District Court
had no jurisdiction to entertain the suit. Judicial Code, Section
24 (20) ; 28 U. S. C. Section 41 (20). See Otis Elevator Company v.
United States, 18 Fed. Supp. 87 (D. C. S. D. N. Y.).
No. 32. City of Atlanta, a municipal corporation of the State of
Georgia, appellant, v. Harold L. Ickes, Secretary of the Interior.
Appeal from the District Court of the United States for the District
of Columbia. Per curiam: The judgment is affirmed on the ground
that the appellant has no standing to maintain the suit. Tennessee
Power Co. v. Tennessee Valley Authority, 306 U. S. 118, 142; Ala-
bama Power Co. v. Ickes, 302 U. S. 464, 478–479; Sprunt & Son v.
United States, 281 U. S. 249, 255–256; Aetna Life Insurance Co. v.
Haworth, 300 U. S. 227, 240-241.
The Chief Justice said:
"The other orders of the Court appear upon the list certified by
the Chief Justice and filed with the Clerk and will not be announced
orally."
,
No. original. Ex parte William Bayley, petitioner. The
motion for leave to file petition for writ of habeas corpus is denied.
No. 12, original. State of Missouri, complainant, v. State of Iowa.
The counsel for the respective parties to the above-entitled cause
having stipulated and agreed that this cause has been fully settled
and compromised and that it shall be dismissed and have filed a
stipulation to that effect,
It is ordered, adjudged, and decreed that the Bill of Complaint in
this cause be, and it hereby is, dismissed, and that the costs, includ-
ing the compensation of the Special Master, shall be divided equally
between the parties.

MONDAY, NOVEMBER 13, 1939
67
No. 12, original. State of Missouri, complainant, v. State of Iowa.
An order is entered fixing the compensation of the Special Master
herein.
No. 429. October Term, 1938. Milton Prebyl, petitioner, v. Pru-
dential Insurance Company of America. The motion for leave to file
protest and declaration of rights is denied.
No. 193. National Labor Relations Board, petitioner, v. Waterman
Steamship Corporation. The motion of the National Maritime
Union of America for leave to intervene is denied.
No. 6. Inland Waterways Corporation et al., petitioners, v. Cary H.
Hardee, Receiver of Commercial National Bank of Washington, D. C.
The motion for substitution is granted and Frederick J. Young,
Receiver of the Commercial National Bank of Washington, D. C.,
is substituted as the party respondent in the place and stead of
Cary H. Hardee, resigned.
No. 470. Georgia M. Spruill, petitioner, v. William T. Ballard and
Abram R. Serven et al. On petition for writ of certiorari to the
United States Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia;
No. 478. Joseph Cato, petitioner, v. Court Smith, Warden, State
Prison, San Quentin, California. On petition for writ of certiorari
to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit;
No. 484. Clarence H. Fischer, Inmate No. 15536, etc., petitioner, v.
J. M. McCauley, as Warden, etc. On petition for writ of certiorari
to the Supreme Court of the State of Washington;
No. 87. Bob White, petitioner, v. The State of Texas. On petition
for writ of certiorari to the Court of Criminal Appeals of the State
of Texas; and
No. 128. Ed. Potter, petitioner, v. Nathan Mayo, as Custodian of
the Florida State Prison, et al. On petition for writ of certiorari
to the Supreme Court of the State of Florida. The motions for
leave to proceed further herein in forma pauperis are denied for the
reason that the Court, upon examination of the papers herein sub-
mitted, finds no ground upon which writs of certiorari should be
issued. The petitions for writs of certiorari are therefore also
denied.
No. 476. The United States of America, appellant, v. Northern
Pacific Railway Company et al.; and
No. 477. Northern Pacific Railway Company et al., appellants, v.
The United States of America. In these cases probable jurisdiction
is noted.
No. 437. John J. McCabe, petitioner, v. Boston Terminal Company.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Superior Court in and for the
County of Suffolk, Commonwealth of Massachusetts, granted.

MONDAY, NOVEMBER 13, 1939
68
No. 459. The H. Rouw Company, petitioner, v. Frank J. Crivella.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of
Appeals for the Eighth Circuit granted.
No. 462. Germantown Trust Company, Trustee, etc., petitioner, v.
Commissioner of Internal Revenue. Petition for writ of certiorari to
the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Third Circuit
granted.
No. 460. National Labor Relations Board, petitioner, v. The Falk
Corporation. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Cir-
cuit Court of Appeals for the Seventh Circuit granted and the case
assigned for argument immediately following No. 253.
No. 376. The Warfield Company, petitioner, v. American Lecithin
Company; and
No. 455. American Lecithin Company, petitioner, v. The Warfield
Company. Petitions for writs of certiorari to the United States Cir-
cuit Court of Appeals for the Seventh Circuit denied.
No. 409. Dixie Wholesale Grocery, Inc., petitioner, v. James W.
Martin, Commissioner of Revenue, et al. Petition for writ of certio-
rari to the Court of Appeals of the Commonwealth of Kentucky
denied.
No. 425. Galena Manufacturing Company of Illinois, petitioner, v.
Superior Oil Works. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United
States Court of Customs and Patent Appeals denied.
No. 433. William G. Fullerton et al., petitioners, v. The City of
Pittsburgh. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of
the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania denied.
No. 442. Thomas Campisi, petitioner, v. The United States of
America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit
Court of Appeals for the Third Circuit denied.
No. 443. John Wesley Davis, Individually, etc., petitioner, v. Eliza-
beth S. Shelly et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the District
Court of Appeals, 1st Appellate District, State of California, denied.
No. 444. National Candy Company, a corporation, petitioner, v.
Federal Trade Commission;
No. 445. March of Time Candies, Inc., a corporation, petitioner, v.
Federal Trade Commission; and
No. 446. Dietz Gum Company of Chicago, a corporation, et al.,
petitioners, v. Federal Trade Commission. Petitions for writs of cer-
tiorari to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Seventh
Circuit denied.
No. 450. The Alton Railroad Company, petitioner, v. Jackson
County, Missouri. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United
States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Eighth Circuit denied.

MONDAY, NOVEMBER 13, 1939
69
No. 452. James A. Cobb, petitioner, v. Howard University. Peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for
# the District of Columbia denied.
No. 454. Globe & Rutgers Fire Insurance Co. et al., petitioners, v.
The United States of America et al. Petition for writ of certiorari
to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Second Cir-
cuit denied.
No. 456. David Graves George, petitioner, v. Victor Talking
Machine Company. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United
States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Third Circuit denied.
No. 438. Jerry W. Carter, as Chairman, et al., petitioners, v. Legh
R. Powell, Jr., et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United
States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 223. Carrier Engineering Corporation, petitioner, v. Geza Hor-
vath et al.;
No. 322. Hibbard, Spencer, Bartlett & Company, a corporation,
appellant, v. City of Chicago, a Municipal Corporation;
No. 390. Gilbert D. Hedden, Transferee, etc., petitioner, v. Com-
missioner of Internal Revenue;
No. 391. Andrew M. Conneen, Jr., Transferee, etc., petitioner, v.
Commissioner of Internal Revenue;
No. 392. Hattie S. Hedden, Transferee, etc., petitioner, v. Commis-
sioner of Internal Revenue; and
No. 393. Gertrude S. Hedden, Transferee, etc., petitioner, v. Com-
missioner of Internal Revenue. Petition for rehearing denied.
Mr. Justice Butler took no part in the consideration and decision
of the cases in which judgments or orders are this day announced.
The Court will take a recess from Monday, November 20, until
Monday, December 4, next.
No. 316. Frank R. McNinch, Norman S. Case, et al., petitioners, v.
Paul R. Heitmeyer. J. Lawrence Fly, Chairman of the Federal
Communications Commission substituted as a party petitioner in the
place and stead of Frank R. McNinch, resigned, on motion of Mr.
Solicitor General Jackson for the petitioners.

MONDAY, NOVEMBER 13, 1939
70
No. 40. The Union Stock Yard and Transit Company of Chicago,
appellant, v. The United States of America et al. Argument con-
tinued by Mr. Frederick H. Wood for the appellant; by Mr. Daniel
W. Knowlton for appellees, The United States and Interstate Com-
merce Commission; by Mr. Lee J. Quasey for appellee, National Live
Stock Marketing Association; by Mr. Douglas F. Smith for appellees,
Railroad Companies; and concluded by Mr. Frederick H. Wood for
the appellant.
No. 42. Joseph J. Weiss, Martin Gross, et al., petitioners, v. The
United States of America. Argument commenced by Mr. Theodore
Kiendl for petitioner, Dr. Maximilian Goldstein; continued by Mr.
Lloyd Paul Stryker for petitioner, Joseph J. Weiss; by Mr. Jacob W.
Friedman for petitioner, Martin Gross; and by Mr. Assistant Attor-
ney General Rogge for the respondent.
Adjourned until tomorrow at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Tuesday, November 14, will be as follows: Nos. 42,
240, 56, 397, 69, 77, 63, 49, 146, and 317.
Х
་
'
裴
'
2
+
1.
'

TUESDAY, NOVEMBER 14, 1939
71
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: The Chief Justice, Mr. Justice McReynolds, Mr. Justice
Stone, Mr. Justice Roberts, Mr. Justice Black, Mr. Justice Reed,
Mr. Justice Frankfurter, and Mr. Justice Douglas.
L. B. Schwartz, of Washington, D. C.; Henry Munroe, of Albany,
N. Y.; Harold C. Havighurst, of Evanston, Ill.; and Robert L.
Howard, of Columbia, Mo., were admitted to practice.
No. 193. National Labor Relations Board, petitioner, v. Water-
man Steamship Corporation. Motion of the American Federation of
Labor for leave to intervene submitted by Mr. Charlton Ogburn in
that behalf.
No. 42. Joseph J. Weiss, Martin Gross, et al., petitioners, v. The
United States of America. Argument continued by Mr. Assistant
Attorney General Rogge for the respondent and concluded by Mr.
Lloyd Paul Stryker for petitioner, Joseph J. Weiss.
No. 240. Frank Carmine Nardone et al., petitioners, v. The United
States of America. Argued by Mr. David V. Cahill for petitioner,
Frank Carmine Nardone; by Mr. Jesse Climenko for petitioner,
Nathan W. Hoffman; by Mr. Louis Halle for petitioner, Robert
Gottfried; and by Mr. Assistant Attorney General Rogge for the
respondent.
No. 56. Guy T. Helvering, Commissioner of Internal Revenue, peti-
tioner, v. The F. & R. Lazarus & Company. Argued by Mr. Norman
D. Keller for the petitioner, and by Mr. Murray Seasongood and
Mr. Robert P. Goldman for the respondent.
Adjourned until tomorrow at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Wednesday, November 15, will be as follows: Nos.
397, 69, 77, 63, 49, 146, 317, 35, 80, and 73 (and 74).
181208-39-23
1
}
'
☑

WEDNESDAY, NOVEMBER 15, 1939
72
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: The Chief Justice, Mr. Justice McReynolds, Mr. Justice
Stone, Mr. Justice Roberts, Mr. Justice Black, Mr. Justice Reed, Mr.
Justice Frankfurter, and Mr. Justice Douglas.
Walter W. Blood, of Denver, Colo.; Frank B. Gary, Jr., of Colum-
bia, S. C.; W. E. Davant, of Bay City, Tex.; and Morris I. Jaffe, of
Dallas, Tex., were admitted to practice.
No. 397. The United States of America, appellant, v. The Borden
Company et al. Motion of appellees, Hunding Dairy Company, a
corporation and Carl W. Hunding to dismiss appeal as to said appel-
lees submitted by Mr. James P. Dillie on behalf of counsel.
No. 397. The United States of America, appellant, v. The Borden
Company et al. Four hours allowed for oral argument. Argued
by Mr. Assistant Attorney General Arnold for the appellant; by Mr.
Loy N. McIntosh for appellees, Sidney Wanzer & Sons, Inc., et al.;
by Mr. Wililam C. Graves for appellees, Pure Milk Association et al.;
by Mr. Joseph A. Padway for appellees Robert G. Fitchie et al.; and
by Mr. Frederic Burnham for appellees, The Borden Company et al.;
and case submitted by Mr. Daniel D. Carmell for appellee, Leslie
G. Goudie; by Mr. Charles S. Deneen, Mr. Roy Massena, and Mr.
Donald W. Schaffer for appellees, Hunding Dairy Company et al.;
by Mr. Ben H. Matthews and Mr. James P. Dillie for appellee,
Leland Spencer, and by Mr. Louis M. Mantynband for appellees,
Western United Dairy Company et al., upon and by their adoption
of the brief filed on behalf of appellees, Sidney Wanzer & Sons,
Inc., et al.
No. 69. Walter E. Pearson, State Treasurer of the State of Oregon,
petitioner, v. Ruth Hayes McGraw et al. Argument commenced by
Mr. Willis S. Moore for the petitioner and continued by Mr. Fletcher
Rockwood for the respondents.
Adjourned until tomorrow at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Thursday, November 16, will be as follows: Nos.
69, 77, 63, 49, 146, 317, 73 (and 74), and 78.
Х
181208-39--24
}
། ༥

THURSDAY, NOVEMBER 16, 1939
73
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: The Chief Justice, Mr. Justice McReynolds, Mr. Justice
Stone, Mr. Justice Roberts, Mr. Justice Black, Mr. Justice Reed, Mr.
Justice Frankfurter, and Mr. Justice Douglas.
Herman A. Fischer, of Chicago, Ill.; Marie M. Herney, of San
Diego, Calif.; Kenneth H. Guild, of Cleveland, Ohio; Gustav C. Axel-
rod, of St. Paul, Minn.: and DeWitt A. Higgs, of San Diego, Calif.,
were admitted to practice.
The Chief Justice said:
"It is my sad duty to announce the passing, early this morning, of
our brother, Mr. Justice Pierce Butler. After a long and distinguished
career at the Minnesota Bar, he was appointed Associate Justice of
this Court and took his seat in January 1923. Trained in the exacting
school of a most active professional practice, Pierce Butler brought to
this Court not only his learning in the law, but a rich store of prac-
tical experience. His fidelity, his courage and forthrightness, which
were his outstanding characteristics, made him a doughty warrior for
his convictions, and he served the Court with great ability and in-
defatigable industry and an unwavering loyalty to its traditions
and to his lofty conception of its function in preserving our con-
stitutional heritage.
"The funeral services in Washington will be held tomorrow morn-
ing at 11 o'clock at Saint Matthew's Cathedral, and the Court will
attend. A committee of the Court composed of Mr. Justice McReyn-
olds, Mr. Justice Stone, and Mr. Justice Roberts will attend the
services to be held in St. Paul.
"As a further token of respect for the memory of our brother,
the Court, immediately upon the conclusion of the hearing in the
case now on argument, in which counsel from the Pacific coast are en-
gaged, will adjourn until Wednesday, November 22 next, at noon."
No. 69. Walter E. Pearson, State Treasurer of the State of Oregon,
petitioner, v. Ruth Hayes McGraw et al. Argument continued by
Mr. Fletcher Rockwood for the respondents and concluded by Mr.
Dean H. Dickinson for the petitioner.
Adjourned until Wednesday, November 22 next, at 12 o'clock.
181208-39--25
1
1

WEDNESDAY, NOVEMBER 22, 1939
74
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: The Chief Justice, Mr. Justice Stone, Mr. Justice Roberts,
Mr. Justice Black, Mr. Justice Reed, Mr. Justice Frankfurter, and
Mr. Justice Douglas.
Joseph S. Gershman, of New York City; Gerard D. Reilly, of
Boston, Mass.; Richard E. Cotton, of St. Petersburg, Fla.; Armond
Monroe Jewell, of Los Angeles, Calif.; Edward D. Phinney, of
Mount Vernon, N. Y.; Thomas H. Daley, of Washington, D. C.;
Joseph Shemon Crespi, of Atlanta, Ga.; and David Brodsky, of
New York City, were admitted to practice.
No. 38. Neirbo Company, The A. P. Smith Manufacturing Com-
pany, et al., petitioners, v. Bethlehem Shipbuilding Corporation, Ltd.
On writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals
for the Second Circuit. Judgment reversed with costs and cause
remanded to the District Court of the United States for the Southern
District of New York for further proceedings in conformity with
the opinion of this Court. Opinion by Mr. Justice Frankfurter.
Dissenting opinion by Mr. Justice Roberts in which the Chief Justice
and Mr. Justice McReynolds join.
No. 11. Clara Schneider, petitioner, v. The State (Town of Irving-
ton). On writ of certiorari to the Court of Errors and Appeals
of the State of New Jersey;
No. 13. Kim Young, appellant, v. The People of the State of Cali-
fornia. Appeal from the Appellate Department of the Superior
Court of Los Angeles County, California;
No. 18. Harold F. Snyder, petitioner, v. City of Milwaukee. On
writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of the State of Wisconsin;
and⚫
No. 29. Elmira Nichols and Pauline Thompson, appellants, v. Com-
monwealth of Massachusetts. Appeal from the Superior Court of
Worcester County, Massachusetts. Judgments reversed with costs
and cases remanded to the Court of Errors and Appeals of New
Jersey, the Superior Court of Los Angeles County, California; the
Supreme Court of Wisconsin, and the Superior Court of Worcester
County, Massachusetts, respectively, for further proceedings not
181208-39--26

WEDNESDAY, NOVEMBER 22, 1939
75
inconsistent with the opinion of this Court. Opinion by Mr. Justice
Roberts. Dissenting: Mr. Justice McReynolds.
The Chief Justice announced the following orders of the Court:
No. 486. Madison Avenue Corporation, appellant, v. Walter Stokes,
Jr., as Commissioner of Finance and Taxation of the State of Ten-
nessee. Appeal from the Supreme Court of the State of Tennessee.
Per curiam: The motion to dismiss is granted and the appeal is dis-
missed for want of a substantial federal question. Gregg Dyeing Co.
v. Query, 286 U. S. 472, 476; Brown-Forman Co. v. Kentucky, 217
U. S. 563, 571–572; Swiss Oil Corporation v. Shanks, 273 U. S. 407,
412-413; Roberts & Schaefer Co. v. Emmerson, 271 U. S. 50, 54–55.
No. 48. The United States of America, petitioner, v. Honorable
Patrick T. Stone, United States District Judge for the Western Dis-
trict of Wisconsin. On writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit
Court of Appeals for the Seventh Circuit. Per curiam: The judg-
ment is affirmed by an equally divided Court.
The Chief Justice said:
"The other orders of the Court appear upon the list certified by the
Chief Justice and filed with the Clerk and will not be announced
orally."
ORDER
The Court appoints Mr. Henry P. Chandler, of Chicago, Illinois, to
be Director of the Administrative Office of the United States Courts,
pursuant to the Act to provide for the administration of the United
States Courts, and for other purposes, approved August 7, 1939.
No., Ex parte John Muldoon, petitioner. Application denied.
No. 144. Flora B. Dodd, petitioner, v. Aetna Life Insurance Com-
pany. The motion for leave to file a second petition for rehearing
is denied.
No. 193. National Labor Relations Board, petitioner, v. Waterman
Steamship Corporation. The motion of the American Federation of
Labor for leave to intervene is denied.
No. 411. James A. Lovvorn, petitioner, v. T. Whitfield Davidson,
Judge, U. S. District Court, Northern District of Texas. On peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of
Appeals for the Fifth Circuit;
No. 483. Sylvester Wilson, petitioner, v. The United States of
America. On petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia; and

WEDNESDAY, NOVEMBER 22, 1939
76
No. 507. Robert A. Hartman, petitioner, v. J. Nelson Greene. On
petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of the State of
Louisiana. The motions for leave to proceed further herein in forma
pauperis are denied for the reason that the Court, upon examination
of the papers herein submitted, finds no ground upon which writs
of certiorari should be issued. The petitions for writs of certiorari
are therefore also denied.
No. 479. Guy T. Helvering, Commissioner of Internal Revenue,
petitioner, v. Charles A. Bruun. Petition for writ of certiorari to
the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Eighth Circuit
granted.
No. 490. The United States of America, petitioner, v. Alphonse
Desrochers. The petition for writ of certiorari to the United States.
Circuit Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit is struck from the
docket upon the ground that the petition is not presented by or on
behalf of The United States, the party to the record.
No. 417. New World Life Insurance Company, petitioner, v. The
United States. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Claims
denied.
No. 453. Gold, Silver and Tungsten, Inc., petitioner, v. Donald F.
Wallace, as Executor, etc., et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to
the Supreme Court of the State of Colorado denied.
No. 457. Gans Steamship Line, a corporation, petitioner, v. The
United States of America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit denied.
No. 471. Joseph J. Schlafly, Executor of the Estate of August
Schlafly, deceased, petitioner, v. Louis J. Becker, Collector of Inter-
nal Revenue. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Circuit Court of Appeals for the Eighth Circuit denied.
No. 472. James R. Bemis, Executor of the estate of William N.
Bemis, deceased, petitioner, v. Louis J. Becker, Collector of Internal
Revenue. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit
Court of Appeals for the Eighth Circuit denied.
No. 481. Guy A. Thompson, Trustee, etc., petitioner, v. Magnolia
Petrolium Company et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Eighth Circuit
denied.
No. 157. John Weber, petitioner, v. The United States of America;
No. 360. Bertram Wm. Coltman, petitioner, v. Colgate-Palmolive-
Peet Company; and
No. 369. Sig Ellingson and Company, petitioner, v. Mason City
Production Credit Association. Petitions for rehearing denied.

WEDNESDAY, NOVEMBER 22, 1939
77
No. 892, October Term, 1938. John F. Jenkins et al., petitioners,
v. A. Don Bitgood, formerly Acting Collector of Internal Revenue.
Motion for leave to file petition for rehearing submitted by Mr. Cur-
tiss K. Thompson for the petitioners.
No., original, State of Oklahoma, upon the relation of Mac Q.
Williamson, Attorney General of the State of Oklahoma, etc., com-
plainant, v. Harry H. Woodring, Secretary of War of the United
States. Return to rule to show cause presented.
No. 488. Joseph Dugan, petitioner, v. The United States. Motion
for an order releasing proceedings from orders of secrecy and sug-
gestion of a diminution of the record submitted by Mr. Joseph Dugan
for the petitioner, in support thereof, and by Mr. Solicitor General
Jackson for the respondent, in opposition thereto.
Adjourned until Monday, December 4, next, at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Monday, December 4, will be as follows: Nos. 77,
63, 49, 146, 317, 35, 80, 68, 122, and 124.
☑

MONDAY, DECEMBER 4, 1939
78
88
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: The Chief Justice, Mr. Justice McReynolds, Mr. Justice
Stone, Mr. Justice Roberts, Mr. Justice Black, Mr. Justice Reed, Mr.
Justice Frankfurter, and Mr. Justice Douglas.
John W. McConneloug, of St. Paul, Minn.; Harold Obernauer, of
Pittsburgh, Pa.; John R. Brosnan, of Washington, D. C.; Wilby S.
Cowan, of Columbus, Ohio; Robert C. Tyler, of Columbus, Ohio;
Louis W. Adams, of Columbus, Ohio; Dale D. Rapp, of Columbus,
Ohio; Stephen J. Angland, of Great Falls, Mont.; George Taylor, of
Brooklyn, N. Y.; Harold F. Adams, of Columbus, Ohio; Elnathan B.
Adams, of Hot Springs, S. Dak.; and Kenneth E. Grant, of Los An-
geles, Calif., were admitted to practice.
No. 39. Jean McNeil Pepper, petitioner, v. Scott Litton. On writ
of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the
Fourth Circuit. Judgment of the Circuit Court of Appeals reversed
with costs and judgment of the District Court affirmed and cause
remanded to the District Court of the United States for the Western
District of Virginia. Opinion by Mr. Justice Douglas.
No. 69. Walter E. Pearson, State Treasurer of the State of Oregon,
petitioner, v. Ruth Hayes McGraw and Edmund Hayes, As Execu-
tors, etc. On writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of the State of
Oregon. Judgment reversed with costs and cause remanded to the
said Supreme Court for further proceedings not inconsistent with the
opinion of this Court. Opinion by Mr. Justice Douglas. Dissenting:
Mr. Justice McReynolds. Concurring opinion by Mr. Justice Stone.
Mr. Justice Frankfurter agrees with Mr. Justice Stone's views as to
Oregon's power to tax the federal reserve notes in question, but is of
opinion that the record sustains the ground taken in the Court's
opinion.
No. 19. Oklahoma Packing Company, formerly Wilson & Co., Inc.,
of Oklahoma, et al., petitioners, v. Oklahoma Gas & Electric Com-
pany et al. On writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court
of Appeals for the Tenth Circuit. Decree reversed with costs and
181208-39-27

MONDAY, DECEMBER 4, 1939
79
cause remanded to the District Court of the United States for the
Western District of Oklahoma with directions to dismiss the bill
of complaint. Opinion by Mr. Justice Frankfurter. Opinion by
Mr. Chief Justice Hughes concurring in the reversal of the decree
in which Mr. Justice McReynolds and Mr. Justice Roberts join.
No. 300. Jerry Bruno, petitioner, v. The United States of America.
On writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals
for the Second Circuit. Judgment reversed and cause remanded to
the District Court of the United States for the Southern District
of New York for further proceedings in conformity with the opinion.
of this Court. Opinion by Mr. Justice Frankfurter. Mr. Justice
McReynolds concurs in the result.
No. 309. William H. Danforth, petitioner, v. The United States of
America. On writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court
of Appeals for the Eighth Circuit. Judgment reversed in part and
affirmed in part and cause remanded to the District Court of the
United States for the Eastern District of Missouri for further
proceedings in conformity with the opinion of this Court. Opinion
by Mr. Justice Reed.
No. 56. Guy T. Helvering, Commissioner of Internal Revenue, peti-
tioner, v. The F. & R. Lazarus & Company. On writ of certiorari
to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Sixth Circuit.
Judgment affirmed and cause remanded to the said Circuit Court
of Appeals. Opinion by Mr. Justice Black. Mr. Justice Reed took
no part in the consideration or decision of this case.
No. 72. The United States of America, petitioner, v. Mrs. Julia
Caroline Sponenbarger et al. On writ of certiorari to the United
States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Eighth Circuit. Judgment
of the Circuit Court of Appeals reversed and the judgment of the
District Court of the United States for the Eastern District of
Arkansas affirmed. Opinion by Mr. Justice Black.
No. 20. National Labor Relations Board, petitioner, v. Newport
News Shipbuilding & Dry Dock Company. On writ of certiorari
to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Fourth
Circuit. Decree reversed and cause remanded to the said Circuit
Court of Appeals for further proceedings in conformity with the
opinion of this Court. Opinion by Mr. Justice Roberts.
No. 40. The Union Stock Yard and Transit Company of Chicago,
appellant, v. The United States of America et al. Appeal from the
District Court of the United States for the Northern District of
Illinois. Decree affirmed. Opinion by Mr. Justice Stone.
No. 343. The United States of America and the Interstate Com-
merce Commission, appellants, v. Frank O. Lowden, James E. Gor-

MONDAY, DECEMBER 4, 1939
80
80
man, et al. Appeal from the District Court of the United States
for the Northern District of Illinois. Decree reversed and cause
remanded to the said District Court for further proceedings in con-
formity with the opinion of this Court. Opinion by Mr. Justice
Stone.
No. 28. Cities Service Oil Company, petitioner, v. B. P. Dunlap
et al. On writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of
Appeals for the Fifth Circuit. Decree reversed with costs and cause
remanded to the said Circuit Court of Appeals for further proceed-
ings in conformity with the opinion of this Court. Opinion by Mr.
Justice McReynolds announced by Mr. Chief Justice Hughes.
No. 33. John Hancock Mutual Life Insurance Company, petitioner,
v. Venno Bartels. On writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit
Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit. Judgment affirmed with
costs and cause remanded to the District Court of the United States
for the Western District of Texas. Opinion by Mr. Chief Justice
Hughes.
No. 397. The United States of America, appellant, v. The Borden
Company, Charles L. Dressel et al. Appeal from the District Court
of the United States for the Northern District of Illinois. The
appeal as to count three is dismissed. The judgment is reversed as
to counts one, two, and four, and the cause is remanded to the said
District Court for further proceedings in conformity with the opinion
of this Court. Opinion by Mr. Chief Justice Hughes.
The Chief Justice announced the following order of the Court:
No. 508. Ralph Mark, appellant, v. State of Wisconsin. Appeal
from the Supreme Court of the State of Wisconsin. Per curiam:
The motion for leave to file the motion to dismiss the appeal is
granted. The motion to dismiss is also granted and the appeal is
dismissed for want of a substantial federal question. Hurtado v.
California, 110 U. S. 516; Bolln v. Nebraska, 176 U. S. 83; Lem
Woon v. Oregon, 229 U. S. 586. The motion for leave to proceed
further herein in forma pauperis is denied.
The Chief Justice said:
"The orders of the Court appear upon the list certified by the
Chief Justice and filed with the Clerk and will not be announced
orally."
No. John Brod Peters, plaintiff, v. John J. Nangle et al.
Application denied.

-
MONDAY, DECEMBER 4, 1939
81
No. Joseph Poresky, petitioner, v. Joseph B. Ely et al. The
application presented to the Chief Justice and referred by him to the
Court is denied.
No. In re disbarment of Anna L. Cooke. It having been re-
ported to the Court that the District Court of the United States for
the District of Columbia has entered an order accepting the resig-
nation of Anna L. Cooke, of Washington, D. C., as a member of the
bar of the said District Court and directing the clerk of that court.
to strike her name from the roll of attorneys admitted to practice
before such court and prohibiting her henceforth from practicing
law and holding herself out to be an attorney at law in the District
of Columbia;
And this Court by order of October 16, 1939, having suspended the
said Anna L. Cooke from the practice of law in this Court and
directed that a rule issue requiring her to show cause within forty
(40) days why she should not be disbarred from the practice of the
law in this Court;
And it appearing that the said rule was issued and served upon
the said Anna L. Cooke and that she has failed to file any return
although the time for such a return has expired;
It is ordered that the said Anna L. Cooke be and she hereby is dis-
barred, and that her name be stricken from the roll of attorneys
admitted to practice in this Court.
No. In re disbarment of David B. Getz. It having been
reported to the Court that the Appellate Division of the Supreme
Court of the State of New York, First Department, has entered an
order disbarring David B. Getz, of New York City, a member of
the bar of this Court, from practice as an attorney or counselor at law
in the State of New York;
And this Court by order of October 16, 1939, having suspended
the said David B. Getz from the practice of law in this Court and
directed that a rule issue requiring him to show cause within forty
(40) days why he should not be disbarred from the practice of law
in this Court;
And it appearing that the said rule was issued and served upon the
said David B. Getz and that he has failed to file any return although
the time for such a return has expired;
It is ordered that the said David B. Getz be, and he hereby is,
disbarred and that his name be stricken from the roll of attorneys
admitted to practice in this Court.
-
No. In re disbarment of French B. Loveland. A rule is
ordered to issue returnable on January 2, 1940, requiring French B.
Loveland, of Cape May C. H., New Jersey, a member of the Bar of

MONDAY, DECEMBER 4, 1939
82
this Court, to show cause in writing before this Court why he should
not be disbarred from further practice of law in this Court for
conduct unbecoming a member of the Bar of this Court, in that he
has failed to respond to communications addressed to him by the
Clerk of this Court respecting costs due by his client in the case of
Lanzetta et al. v. The State of New Jersey, No. 308, of October
Term, 1938.
No. 43. The United States, petitioner, v. John McShain, Inc. It is
ordered that the order in this case dated November 6, 1939, be, and it
hereby is, amended to read as follows:
"Per curiam: The judgment is reversed to the extent that it in-
cludes the $1,877.93 alleged to be due from the United States in
paragraphs XIV through XXIV of the petition to the Court of
Claims, and the cause is remanded to the Court of Claims with
instructions to enter judgment in favor of the United States with
regard to this item. Plumley v. United States, 226 U. S. 545, 547;
Merrill-Ruckgaber Co. v. United States, 241 U. S. 387, 393.”
No. 15. L. Boteler, Trustee of the Estate of Richmaid Creameries,
Inc., debtor, petitioner, v. Ray Ingels, Director of Motor Vehicles
of the State of California, et al.; and
No. 16. L. Boteler, Trustee of Richmaid Creameries, Inc., debtor,
petitioner, v. Ray Ingels, Director of Motor Vehicles of the State of
California, et al. Ordered that the first sentence in the second para-
graph on page 3 of the opinion be amended to read:
"First. Subdivision 57 (j) prohibits allowance of a tax penalty
against the bankrupt estate only if incurred by the bankrupt before
bankruptcy by reason of his own delinquency."
It is further ordered that the petition for rehearing be denied.
No. 481. Guy A. Thompson, Trustee, etc., petitioner, v. Magnolia
Petroleum Company et al. The petition for rehearing is granted.
The order denying certiorari is vacated and the petition for writ of
certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the
Eighth Circuit is granted.
No. 506. Bernie Bennett, petitioner, v. The United States of Amer-
ica. On petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court
of Appeals for the District of Columbia;
No. 553. Robert Schenk, petitioner, v. The State of California et al.
On petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of the State
of California; and
No. 555. George W. Nally, petitioner, v. The State of Missouri.
On petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of the State
of Missouri. The motions for leave to proceed further herein in
forma pauperis are denied for the reason that the Court, upon exam-

MONDAY, DECEMBER 4, 1939
83
ination of the papers herein submitted, finds no ground upon which
writs of certiorari should be issued. The petitions for writs of cer-
tiorari are therefore also denied.
No. 549. Henry C. Groseclose, petitioner, v. Clyde I. Plummer,
Warden of the California State Prison, etc. On petition for writ
of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the
Ninth Circuit. The motion for leave to proceed further herein in
forma pauperis is denied for the reason that the Court, upon exam-
ination of the papers herein submitted, finds no ground upon which
a writ of certiorari should be issued. The petition for writ of cer-
tiorari is therefore also denied. The motion for leave to file petition
for writ of habeas corpus is denied.
No. 68. William Helis, petitioner, v. Mrs. Itasca Kinney Ward, as
Executrix, etc., et al. The motion of Agnes E. Lewis and others for
leave to intervene is denied. The motion to proceed further in forma
pauperis is also denied.
No. 488. Joseph Dugan, petitioner, v. The United States. On peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the Court of Claims. The motion of
petitioner for an order releasing the proceedings in this case from the
various orders of secrecy imposed thereon by the court below is
denied. On consideration of the suggestion of a diminution of the
record and motion for a writ of certiorari in that relation, the motion
for a writ of certiorari is denied. The petition for a writ of certi-
orari is also denied and the Clerk of this Court is directed to return
to the Court of Claims the papers filed in this case.
No. 482. Edward Sheldon and Margaret Ayer Barnes, petitioners,
v. Metro-Goldwyn Pictures Corporation, et al. Petition for writ
of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the
Second Circuit granted.
No. 473. Joseph D. McGoldrick, Comptroller of the City of New
York, petitioner, v. Gulf Oil Corporation. Petition for writ of cer-
tiorari to the Supreme Court of the State of New York granted and
the case is assigned for argument immediately following No. 475.
No. 474. Joseph D. McGoldrick, Comptroller of the City of New
York, petitioner, v. A. H. DuGrenier, Inc., et al. Petition for writ of
certiorari to the Supreme Court of the State of New York granted
and the case is assigned for argument immediately following No. 45.
No. 475. Joseph D. McGoldrick, Comptroller of the City of New
York, petitioner, v. Berwind-White Coal Mining Company. Petition
for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of the State of New York
granted and the case is assigned for argument immediately following
No. 474.

MONDAY, DECEMBER 4, 1939
84
No. 491. Lottie Hamrick and L. D. Hamrick, petitioners, v. Curtis
F. Bryan et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Circuit Court of Appeals for the Tenth Circuit denied. Mr. Justice
Douglas took no part in the consideration and decision of this
application.
No. 501. Wade H. Cooper, petitioner, v. J. F. T. O'Connor, Individ-
ually, etc., et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia denied. Mr. Justice
Frankfurter took no part in the consideration and decision of this
application.
No. 461. Titan Metal Manufacturing Company, petitioner, v.
National Labor Relations Board. Petition for writ of certiorari
to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Third Circuit
denied.
No. 489. United States Guarantee Company, petitioner, v. William
M. Elkins et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Circuit Court of Appeals for the Third Circuit denied.
No. 492. The Oak Woods Cemetery Association, petitioner, v. Com-
missioner of Internal Revenue. Petition for writ of certiorari to
the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Seventh Circuit
denied.
No. 493. The Emerson Electric Manufacturing Co., petitioner, v.
Emerson Radio & Phonograph Corporation et al. Petition for writ
of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the
Second Circuit denied.
No. 480. Justin Haynes & Company, Inc., petitioner, v. The Fed-
eral Trade Commission. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United
States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit denied.
No. 505. Metro-Goldwyn Pictures Corporation et al., petitioners, v.
Edward Sheldon and Margaret Ayer Barnes. Petition for writ of
certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the
Second Circuit denied.
No. 485. Montague Stanley Tweedie, petitioner, v. Commissioner
of Internal Revenue. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United
States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit denied.
No. 494. Mrs. Mary Herder, Mrs. Alma Williams, et al., petitioners,
v. Guy T. Helvering, Commissioner of Internal Revenue. Petition
for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the
District of Columbia denied.
No. 495. Porto Rico Railway, Light & Power Company, petitioner,
v. Jose Enrique Colom, Commissioner of the Interior of Puerto
Rico, et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Circuit Court of Appeals for the First Circuit denied.

MONDAY, DECEMBER 4, 1939
85
No. 496. Ziolo Mendez Rios, petitioner, v. Harry N. Baetjer et al.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court
of Appeals for the First Circuit denied.
No. 497. Seaside Improvement Company, petitioner, v. Commis-
sioner of Internal Revenue. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit
denied.
No. 498. Stonega Coke & Coal Company, petitioner, v. Samuel Price
et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit
Court of Appeals for the Fourth Circuit denied.
No. 23. Thomas K. Case and Adele B. Cowan et al., petitioners, v.
Los Angeles Lumber Products Company, Ltd.;
No. 24. Thomas K. Case and Adele B. Cowan et al., petitioners, v.
Los Angeles Lumber Products Company, Ltd.;
No. 31. Texas Electric Railway Company, appellant, v. Clyde O.
Eastus, United States Attorney, etc., et al.;
No. 34. Estate of Charles Henry Sanford, deceased, etc., petitioner,
v. Commissioner of Internal Revenue;
No. 234. Annie R. Wharton et al., petitioners, v. Shenandoah Pub-
lishing House et al.;
No. 353. Milk Wagon Drivers Union of Chicago, etc., et al., peti-
tioners, v. Meadowmoor Dairies, Inc.;
No. 358. Standard Surety & Casualty Company of New York, peti-
tioner, v. Standard Accident Insurance Company;
No. 388. Graybar Electric Company, Inc., appellants, v. John C.
Curry, as Commissioner, etc., et al.;
No. 402. J. G. Haverstick, petitioner, v. Drainage District No. 7 of
Poinsett County, Arkansas;
No. 408. Harry Dean, petitioner, v. The United States of America;
and
No. 410. Sunshine Anthracite Coal Company, petitioner, v. Harold
L. Ickes, as Secretary of the Interior, et al. Petitions for rehearing
denied.
No. 892, October Term 1938. John F. Jenkins et al., petitioners, v.
A. Don Bitgood, Formerly Acting Collector of Internal Revenue.
The motion for leave to file a petition for rehearing is denied.
No. 201. Buckstaff Bath House Company, petitioner, v. Ed I.
McKinley, as Commissioner of the Department of Labor of the State
of Arkansas, et al. Submitted by Mr. Terrell Marshall for the peti-
tioner and by Mr. W. L. Pope for the respondents.

MONDAY, DECEMBER 4, 1939
86
No. 77. Interstate Natural Gas Company and United States Fidel-
ity and Guaranty Company, petitioners, v. A. H. Stone, Commis-
sioner, etc. Leave granted Mr. Maxwell Bramlette to appear and
present oral argument for the petitioners, pro hac vice, on motion of
Mr. Garner W. Green. Argument commenced by Mr. Garner W.
Green for the petitioners. The Court declined to hear further
argument.
No. 63. V. L. LeTulle, petitioner, v. Frank Scofield, United States
Collector of Internal Revenue for the First District of Texas. Ar-
gued by Mr. Homer L. Bruce for the petitioner and by Mr. J. Louis
Monarch for the respondent.
Adjourned until tomorrow at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Tuesday, December 5, will be as follows: Nos. 49,
146, 317, 35, 80, 68, 122, 124, 70, and 253.
181208-39--28

TUESDAY, DECEMBER 5, 1939
87
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: The Chief Justice, Mr. Justice McReynolds, Mr. Justice
Stone, Mr. Justice Roberts, Mr. Justice Black, Mr. Justice Reed, Mr.
Justice Frankfurter, and Mr. Justice Douglas.
L. S. Moore, of Centerville, Ala.; Ruth Mirick Jameson, of Wash-
ington, D. C.; Harold Leon Cook, of Portland, Ore.; Stacy M.
Reed, of Washington, D. C.; John Foshee, of Centerville, Ala.; Leo
Gottlieb, of New York City; Samuel Levine, of Washington, D. C.;
Sidney C. Schlesinger, of New York City; A. Owsley Stanley,
Jr., of Henderson, Ky.; and R. Winton Elliott, of Washington, D. C.,
were admitted to practice.
No. 49. George W. Griffiths, petitioner, v. Commissioner of Internal
Revenue. Argued by Mr. Herman A. Fischer for the petitioner
and by Mr. Arnold Raum for the respondent.
No. 146. Joseph T. Higgins, Collector of Internal Revenue for the
Third District of New York, petitioner, v. John Thomas Smith.
Argued by Mr. Assistant Attorney General Clark for the petitioner
and by Mr. David Sher for the respondent.
No. 317. Guy T. Helvering, Commissioner of Internal Revenue,
petitioner, v. James Lee Johnson. Argument commenced by Mr.
Assistant Attorney General Clark for the petitioner; continued by
Mr. Abraham Lowenhaupt for the respondent; and concluded by
Mr. Arnold Raum for the petitioner.
Adjourned until tomorrow at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Wednesday, December 6, will be as follows: Nos.
35, 80, 68, 122, 124, 70, 253, 460, 78, and 132.
Х
181208-39--29

WEDNESDAY, DECEMBER 6, 1939
88
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: The Chief Justice, Mr. Justice McReynolds, Mr. Justice
Stone, Mr. Justice Roberts, Mr. Justice Black, Mr. Justice Reed,
Mr. Justice Frankfurter, and Mr. Justice Douglas.
Leslie Moses, of Houston, Tex.; P. E. Cavaney, of Los Angeles,
Calif.; James Lahey Screws, of Montgomery, Ala.; William H. Loeb,
of Montgomery, Ala.; Maurice Patrick O'Connor, of Washington,
D. C.; Roy Glynn Allman, of Rockymount, Va.; and Edward H.
deGroot, Jr., of Washington, D. C., were admitted to practice.
No. 35. Retail Food Clerks and Managers Union, Local No. 1357,
et al., petitioners, v. Union Premier Food Stores, Inc., et al. Argued
by Mr. Joseph A. Padway for the petitioners and by Mr. Harry
Shapiro for the respondents.
No. 80. Fur Workers Union No. 21238, affiliated with the American
Federation of Labor, etc., petitioner, v. Fur Workers Union, Local
No. 72, et al. Argument commenced by Mr. Irvin Goldstein for the
petitioner. The Court declined to hear further argument.
No. 68. William Helis, petitioner, v. Mrs. Itasca Kinney Ward, as
Executrix etc., et al. Argued by Mr. Eugene D. Saunders for the
petitioner and by Mr. William N. Bonner for the respondents.
Adjourned until tomorrow at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Thursday, December 7, will be as follows: Nos.
122, 124, 70, 253, 460, 78, 132, 73 (and 74), 151, and 129.
181208 39– -30

か
THURSDAY, DECEMBER 7, 1939
89
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: The Chief Justice, Mr. Justice McReynolds, Mr. Justice
Stone, Mr. Justice Roberts, Mr. Justice Black, Mr. Justice Reed, Mr.
Justice Frankfurter, and Mr. Justice Douglas.
Jerrold H. Ruskin, of New York City; Lionel Peabody Marks, of
New York City; Aloysius John Engelhard, of Milwaukee, Wis.;
Robert C. Brown, Jr., of Chicago, Ill.; Albert Henry Kirchner, of
Washington, D. C.; Anne M. Mosher, of Laurel, Md.; Bessie I.
Koehl, of Washington, D. C.; Susan D. Richards, of Washington,
D. C.; Blanche B. Boaz, of Washington, D. C.; John B. Meister, of
Wauseon, Ohio; Jess B. Harper, of Talihina, Okla.; and Armando
A. Miranda, of San Juan, P. R., were admitted to practice.
No. 122. Chicot County Drainage District, petitioner, v. The Baxter
State Bank and Mrs. Lena S. Shields. Argument commenced by Mr.
E. L. McHaney, Jr., for the petitioner; continued by Mr. G. W.
Hendricks for the respondents; and concluded by Mr. S. Lasker
Ehrman for the petitioner.
No. 124. Lonnie Avery, petitioner, v. The State of Alabama.
Argument commenced by Mr. L. S. Moore for the petitioner; con-
tinued by Mr. Thomas S. Lawson for the respondent; and con-
cluded by Mr. John Foshee for the petitioner.
No. 70. American Federation of Labor, International Longshore-
men's Association, et al., petitioners, v. National Labor Relations
Board. Argument commenced by Mr. Joseph A. Padway for the
petitioners and continued by Mr. Charles Fahy for the respondent.
Adjourned until tomorrow at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Friday, December 8, will be as follows: Nos. 70,
253, 460, 78, 132, 73 (and 74), 151, 129, 110 (111 and 112), and
183.
Х
181208-39.
-31

'
FRIDAY, DECEMBER 8, 1939
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
90
Present The Chief Justice, Mr. Justice McReynolds, Mr. Justice
Stone, Mr. Justice Roberts, Mr. Justice Black, Mr. Justice Reed, Mr.
Justice Frankfurter, and Mr. Justice Douglas.
Constantine N. Perkins, of Los Angeles, Calif.; Fred G. Stickel,
Jr., of Newark, N. J.; and Thurgood Marshall, of Baltimore, Md.,
were admitted to practice.
No. 193. National Labor Relations Board, petitioner, v. Waterman
Steamship Corporation. Motion for leave to file brief of the Na-
tional Maritime Union of America as amicus curiae submitted by Mr.
Joseph Kovner in that behalf and the motion denied.
No. 70. American Federation of Labor, International Longshore-
men's Association, et al., petitioners, v. National Labor Relations
Board. Argument continued by Mr. Charles Fahy for the respond-
ent and concluded by Mr. Joseph A. Padway for the petitioners.
No. 253. National Labor Relations Board, petitioner, v. Interna-
tional Brotherhood of Electrical Workers et al. Argued by Mr.
Charles Fahy for the petitioner and by Mr. John B. Hollister and Mr.
Isaac Lobe Straus for the respondents.
No. 460. National Labor Relations Board, petitioner, v. The Falk
Corporation et al. Argument commenced by Mr. Charles Fahy for
the petitioner and continued by Mr. A. J. Englehard for the respond-
ent, The Falk Corporation.
Adjourned until Monday next at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Monday, December 11, will be as follows: Nos. 460,
78, 132, 73 (and 74), 151, 129, 110 (111 and 112), 183, 399, and
138.
181208-39- -32

MONDAY, DECEMBER 11, 1939
91
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: The Chief Justice, Mr. Justice McReynolds, Mr. Justice
Stone, Mr. Justice Roberts, Mr. Justice Black, Mr. Justice Reed, Mr.
Justice Frankfurter, and Mr. Justice Douglas.
Walker H. Nye, of Cleveland, Ohio; Nathaniel Rubinkam, of Chi-
cago, Ill.; Charles H. Welles, 3d, of Scranton, Pa.; William Leiber-
mann, of New York City; Gustave B. Garfield, of New York City;
George D. Mulligan, of Newark, N. J.; John F. Cusack, of Chicago,
Ill.; Frank Pace, Jr., of Little Rock, Ark.; and Raymond E. Hackett,
of Stamford, Conn., were admitted to practice.
No. 240. Frank Carmine Nardone, Nathan W. Hoffman, and Rob-
ert Gottfried, petitioners, v. The United States of America. On writ
of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the
Second Circuit. Judgment reversed and the cause remanded to the
District Court of the United States for the Southern District of New
York for further proceedings in conformity with the opinion of this
Court. Opinion by Mr. Justice Frankfurter. Mr. Justice McReyn-
olds is of opinion that the Circuit Court of Appeals reached the
proper conclusion upon reasons there adequately stated and its judg-
ment should be affirmed. Mr. Justice Reed took no part in the con-
sideration or decision of this case.
No. 17. Ford Motor Company, petitioner, v. Tom L. Beauchamp,
Secretary of State of the State of Texas, et al. On writ of certiorari
to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit.
Judgment affirmed with costs and cause remanded to the District
Court of the United States for the Western District of Texas. Opin-
ion by Mr. Justice Reed. Mr. Justice McReynolds is of opinion that
the judgment complained of should be reversed. Mr. Justice Black
and Mr. Justice Douglas concur in the result.
No. 42. Joseph J. Weiss, Martin Gross, Dr. George Krupp, and
Dr. Maximilian Goldstein, petitioners, v. The United States of
America. On writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court
of Appeals for the Second Circuit. Judgment reversed and cause
remanded to the District Court of the United States for the Southern
District of New York for further proceedings in conformity with
the opinion of this Court. Opinion by Mr. Justice Roberts.
181208-39-33

MONDAY, DECEMBER 11, 1939
92
The Chief Justice announced the following orders of the Court:
No. 503. Ernest Cavicchi, doing business as The Wade Button
Co., appellant, v. Mohawk Manufacturing Co., Inc. Appeal from
the Supreme Court of the State of New York. Per curiam: The
appeal is dismissed for want of a substantial federal question. Red
Cross Line v. Atlantic Fruit Co., 264 U. S. 109; New Marshall Co.
v. Marshall Engine Co., 223 U. S. 473, 478; Geneva Furniture Co. v.
Karpen, 238 U. S. 254, 259.
No. 77. Interstate Natural Gas Company et al., petitioners, v. A. H.
Stone, Commissioner of Franchise Tax, et al. On writ of certiorari
to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit.
Per curiam: The judgment is affirmed. Southern Gas Corporation v.
Alabama, 301 U. S. 148, 153, 156–157.
No. 80. Fur Workers Union No. 21238, Affiliated with the Ameri-
can Federation of Labor, etc., petitioner, v. Fur Workers Union,
Local No. 72, et al. On writ of certiorari to the United States Court
of Appeals for the District of Columbia. Per curiam: The judg-
ment is affirmed. Lauf v. E. G. Shinner, 303 U. S. 323; New Negro
Alliance v. Grocery Co., 303 U. S. 552. Cf. Senn v. Tile Layers
Union, 301 U S. 468.
No. 317. Guy T. Helvering, Commissioner of Internal Revenue,
petitioner, v. James Lee Johnson. On writ of certiorari to the
United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Eighth Circuit.
Per curiam: The judgment is affirmed by an equally divided Court.
The Chief Justice said:
"The other orders of the Court appear upon the list certified by
the Chief Justice and filed with the Clerk and will not be announced
orally."
No. 365. Leona Piatt Gray, petitioner, v. The Union Joint Stock
Land Bank of Detroit;
No. 366. Carl H. Gray, petitioner, v. The Union Joint Stock Land
Bank of Detroit; and
No. 367. Ralph Piatt, petitioner, v. The Union Joint Stock Land'
Bank of Detroit. On petition for writs of certiorari to the United
States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Sixth Circuit. Per curiam:
The motion for leave to proceed in forma pauperis is granted. The
petition for writs of certiorari is also granted, the judgments of
the Circuit Court of Appeals are reversed, and the causes are re-
manded to the District Court for further proceedings. See John.
Hancock Mutual Life Ins. Co. v. Benno Bartels, No. 33, decided.
December 4, 1939.

MONDAY, DECEMBER 11, 1939
93
No. 412. Florence Morrison, petitioner, v. The Federal Land Bank
of Louisville, Kentucky, et al.; and
No. 413. Florence Morrison, Executrix, etc., petitioner, v. The
Federal Land Bank of Louisville, Kentucky, et al. On petition for
writs of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for
the Sixth Circuit. Per curiam: The motion for leave to proceed in
forma pauperis is granted. The petition for writs of certiorari is
also granted, the judgments of the Circuit Court of Appeals are
reversed, and the causes are remanded to the District Court for
further proceedings. See John Hancock Mutual Life Ins. Co. v.
Benno Bartels, No. 33, decided December 4, 1939.
No. 235. Dudley Potter, petitioner, v. The Union Central Life
Insurance Company. On petition for writ of certiorari to the United
States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Sixth Circuit. Per curiam:
The petition for writ of certiorari is granted. As the appeal from
the order of the District Court filed December 4, 1937, was duly per-
fected, the Circuit Court of Appeals had jurisdiction and its order
dismissing the appeal was error. The order is reversed and the cause
is remanded to the Circuit Court of Appeals for further proceedings.
No. 517. Frank S. Guy, petitioner, v. The United States of Amer-
ica. On petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court
of Appeals for the District of Columbia. The motion for leave to
proceed further herein in forma pauperis is denied for the reason that
the Court, upon examination of the papers herein submitted, finds no
ground upon which a writ of certiorari should be issued. The peti-
tion for writ of certiorari is therefore also denied.
No. 237. Henry J. Miller, petitioner, v. Lester Shirl Hatfield,
Trustee, etc., et al. The motion of the petitioner for leave to proceed
in forma pauperis as to the printing of the record is granted.
No. 536. Ethyl Gasoline Corporation et al., appellants, v. The
United States of America; and
No. 541. Gertrude Vanderbilt Whitney et al., appellants, v. State
Tax Commission of the State of New York. In these cases probable
jurisdiction is noted.
No. 499. Federal Communications Commission, petitioner, v. San-
ders Brothers Radio Station. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
United States Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia granted.
No. 500. State of Minnesota, petitioner, v. National Tea Company
et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of the
State of Minnesota granted.
No. 514. Byron Thornhill, petitioner, v. The State of Alabama.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals of the State
of Alabama granted.

MONDAY, DECEMBER 11, 1939
94
No. 510. The United States of America, petitioner, v. Philip Klein,
Escheator of the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania. Petition for writ
of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the
Third Circuit denied. Mr. Justice Reed took no part in the considera-
tion and decision of this application.
No. 359. The National City Bank of Cleveland, Trustee, petitioner,
v. The Euclid-Doan Company and A. J. Harvey. Petition for writ
of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the
Sixth Circuit denied. Mr. Justice Douglas took no part in the con-
sideration and decision of this application.
No. 324. A. F. Hamacek Marine Corporation, petitioner, v. The
United States. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Claims
denied.
No. 504. George J. D'Allessandro et al., petitioners, v. Lula Bech-
tol. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court
of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 511. William E. Boeing, petitioner, v. Commissioner of Inter-
nal Revenue. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Circuit Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit denied.
No. 512. Antonio Criscuolo and Lucia Criscuolo, petitioners, v.
Matts Werner Sweins et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Dis-
trict Court of Appeal, 1st Appellate District, State of California,
denied.
No. 513. Claude Shoaf, petitioner, v. W. H. Fitzpatrick. Petition
for writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals
for the Sixth Circuit denied.
No. 516. Harry Dunn, Noah Dunn, et al., petitioners, v. Peter
Micco et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Cir-
cuit Court of Appeals for the Tenth Circuit denied.
No. 539. The Atchison, Topeka and Santa Fe Railway Company,
petitioner, v. Hanna Baker, as Treasurer of Baca County, et al., etc.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of
Appeals for the Tenth Circuit denied.
No. 429. Abraham & Straus, Inc., petitioner, v. Art Metal Works,
Inc.; and
No. 430. Abraham & Straus, Inc., petitioner, v. Art Metal Works,
Inc. Petition for writs of certiorari to the United States Circuit
Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit denied.
No. 449. New York Life Insurance Company, petitioner, v. Stella
Jane Gamer, as Executrix, etc. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit denied.

MONDAY, DECEMBER 11, 1939
95
No. 1. Guy T. Helvering, Commissioner of Internal Revenue, peti-
tioner, v. Wilshire Oil Company, Inc.;
No. 456. David Graves George, petitioner, v. Victor Talking Ma-
chine Company; and
No. 470. Georgia M. Spruill, petitioner, v. William T. Ballard et al.
Petitions for rehearing denied.
ORDER
The Court will take a recess from Monday, December 18, until
Tuesday, January 2, 1940.
No. 417. New World Life Insurance Company, a corporation, peti-
tioner, v. The United States. Motion to extend time for filing peti-
tion for rehearing submitted by Mr. Edmund S. Kochersperger in
behalf of counsel for the petitioner.
No. -, original. Commonwealth of Pennsylvania, complainant,
v. State of New Jersey, Motion for leave to file bill of complaint
submitted by Mr. Wm. A. Schnader for the complainant.
No. 460. National Labor Relations Board, petitioner, v. The Falk
Corporation et al. Argument continued by Mr. Leon B. Lamfrom
for the respondent, The Falk Corporation; by Mr. Giles F. Clark
for the respondent, Independent Union of Falk Employees; and con-
cluded by Mr. Charles Fahy for the petitioner.
No. 78. The United States of America, appellant, v. The Baltimore
and Annapolis Railroad Company et al. Argument commenced by
Mr. Assistant Attorney General Shea for the appellant. The Court
declined to hear further argument.
No. 132. Rafael Sancho Bonet, Treasurer, petitioner, v. The Texas
Company (P. R.) Inc. Argued by Mr. William Cattron Rigby for
the petitioner and by Mr. Lionel P. Marks and Mr. Jerrold H.
Ruskin for the respondent.
Adjourned until tomorrow at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Tuesday, December 12, will be as follows: Nos. 73
(and 74), 151, 129, 110 (111 and 112), 183, 399, 138, 92, 120
(and 121), and 239.
☑

TUESDAY, DECEMBER 12, 1939
96
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: The Chief Justice, Mr. Justice McReynolds, Mr. Justice
Stone, Mr. Justice Roberts, Mr. Justice Black, Mr. Justice Reed, Mr.
Justice Frankfurter, and Mr. Justice Douglas.
Edward Joseph Clarke, of New York City; Thomas Morgan Lewis,
of Wilkes-Barre, Pa.; John Louis Shook, of Dallas, Tex.; George V.
Strong, of Philadelphia, Pa.; and Albert R. Connelly, of New York
City, were admitted to practice.
No. 239. Abe Fischer, appellant, v. Pauline Oil & Gas Company.
Submitted by Mr. Claude H. Rosenstein for the petitioner and by
Mr. Charles E. France for the respondent.
No. 73. Postal Steamship Corporation, petitioner, v. Steamship
El Isleo, etc.; and
No. 74. Postal Steamship Corporation, petitioner, v. Southern
Pacific Company. Argued by Mr. John C. Crawley for the peti-
tioner and by Mr. Chauncey I. Clark for the respondents.
No. 151. Pearl E. Deputy and The Sussex Trust Company, etc.,
petitioners, v. Pierre S. DuPont. Argued by Mr. Robert K. McCon-
naughey for the petitioners and by Mr. George Wharton Pepper for
the respondent.
No. 129. General American Tank Car Corporation, petitioner, v.
El Dorado Terminal Company. Argument commenced by Mr. Allan
P. Matthews for the petitioner.
Adjourned until tomorrow at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Wednesday, December 13, will be as follows: Nos.
129, 110 (111 and 112), 183, 399, 138, 92, 120 (and 121), 176,
229, and 237.
181208-39--34
Х

WEDNESDAY, DECEMBER 13, 1939
97
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: The Chief Justice, Mr. Justice McReynolds, Mr. Justice
Stone, Mr. Justice Roberts, Mr. Justice Black, Mr. Justice Reed, Mr.
Justice Frankfurter, and Mr. Justice Douglas.
William H. Lamb, of Philadelphia, Pa.; Arthur T. Thorson, of
Elkhorn, Wis.; and Harrison Tilghman, of Easton, Md., were ad-
mitted to practice.
No. 310. Margaret C. Berry, as Administratrix, etc., petitioner, v.
Midtown Service Corporation et al. On writ of certiorari to the
United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit. Dis-
missed per stipulation of counsel.
No. 517. Frank S. Guy, petitioner, v. The United States of Amer-
ica. Order denying petition for writ of certiorari ordered withheld
pending the filing and determination of a timely petition for re-
hearing.
No. 129. General American Tank Car Corporation, petitioner, v.
El Dorado Terminal Company. Argument continued by Mr. Allan
P. Matthews for the petitioner and concluded by Mr. W. F. William-
son for the respondent.
No. 110. Guy T. Helvering, Commissioner of Internal Revenue,
petitioner, v. Mary Q. Hallock et al.;
No. 111. Guy T. Helvering, Commissioner of Internal Revenue,
petitioner, v. Mary Q. Hallock, Executrix, etc.; and
No. 112. Guy T. Helvering, Commissioner of Internal Revenue,
petitioner, v. S. H. Squire, Superintendent of Banks of the State of
Ohio, etc. Argued by Mr. Arnold Raum for the petitioner and by
Mr. Walker K. Nye and Mr. Ashley M. Van Duzer for the respondents
in Nos. 110 and 111 and case submitted by Mr. W. H. Annat for the
respondent in No. 112.
No. 183. Walter J. Rothensies, Collector of Internal Revenue, etc.,
petitioner, v. Linford B. Cassell, Surviving Executor, etc., Craig
Huston, Administrator d. b. n. c. t. a. of the Estate of George F.
Uber, deceased, substituted as the party respondent in the place and
stead of Linford B. Cassell, per stipulation of counsel, on motion
of Mr. William R. Spofford for the respondent.
181208-39 35

WEDNESDAY, DECEMBER 13, 1939
98
No. 183. Walter J. Rothensies, Collector of Internal Revenue, etc.,
petitioner, v. Craig Huston, Administrator, etc. Argument com-
menced by Mr. Arnold Raum for the petitioner and continued by
Mr. William R. Spofford for the respondent.
Adjourned until tomorrow at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Thursday, December 14, will be as follows: Nos.
183, 399, 138, 92, 120 (and 121), 176, and 229.

THURSDAY, DECEMBER 14, 1939
99
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: The Chief Justice, Mr. Justice McReynolds, Mr. Justice
Stone, Mr. Justice Roberts, Mr. Justice Black, Mr. Justice Reed, Mr.
Justice Frankfurter, and Mr. Justice Douglas.
William A. Hannon, Jr., of Kansas City, Mo.; Robert Lee Black-
well, of Louisville, Ky.; Benjamin Otis Frick, of Philadelphia, Pa.;
and Harold J. Kinney, of St. Paul, Minn., were admitted to practice.
No. 183. Walter J. Rothensies, Collector of Internal Revenue, etc.,
petitioner, v. Craig Huston, Administrator, etc. Argument continued
by Mr. William R. Spofford for the respondent and concluded by Mr.
Arnold Raum for the petitioner.
No. 399. Waldo G. Bryant and Ida Bryant, Executors, etc., peti-
tioners, v. Commissioner of Internal Revenue. Argued by Mr. J. Gil-
mer Korner, Jr., and Mr. David S. Day for the petitioners and by
Mr. Arnold Raum for the respondent. Leave granted petitioners to
file a reply brief by Monday next.
No. 138. A. M. McCarroll, Commissioner of Revenues of the State
of Arkansas, appellant, v. Dixie Greyhound Lines, Inc. Argument
commenced by Mr. Frank Pace, Jr., for the appellant; continued by
Mr. Amos M. Matthews for the appellant and by Mr. A. L. Heiskell
for the appellee; and concluded by Mr. Amos M. Matthews for the
appellant.
No. 92. John E. Madden, Jr., Executor, etc., appellant, v. Com-
monwealth of Kentucky, by James W. Martin, Commissioner of Reve-
nue of the Commonwealth of Kentucky. H. Clyde Reeves. present
Commissioner of Revenue of the Commonwealth of Kentucky, sub-
stituted as party appellee in the place and stead of James W. Martin,
resigned, as per stipulation of counsel, on motion of Mr. Leo T. Wol-
ford in that behalf.
No. 92. John E. Madden, Jr., Executor, etc., appellant, v. Com-
monwealth of Kentucky, by H. Clyde Reeves, Commissioner of Reve-
nue of the Commonwealth of Kentucky. Argued by Mr. Leo T.
Wolford for the appellant and by Mr. Samuel M. Rosenstein for the
appellee.
Adjourned until tomorrow at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Friday, December 15, will be as follows: Nos. 120
(and 121) and 176.
181208-39-36
☑

FRIDAY, DECEMBER 15, 1939
100
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: The Chief Justice, Mr. Justice McReynolds, Mr. Justice
Stone, Mr. Justice Roberts, Mr. Justice Black, Mr. Justice Reed, Mr.
Justice Frankfurter, and Mr. Justice Douglas.
Edgar F. Baumgartner, of New York City; Charles Henry Austin,
of Chicago, Ill.; Sumner Sigsbee Kittelle, of Washington, D. C.;
and David B. Hexter, of New York City, were admitted to practice.
No. 10. Original, October Term, 1935. The State of Wyoming,
complainant, v. The State of Colorado. Time within which to file
return of the defendant to the rule to show cause extended to and
including January 15, 1940.
No. 120. Ernest Newton Kalb and Margaret Kalb, his wife, appel-
lants, v. Henry Feuerstein and Helen Feuerstein, his wife; and
No. 121. Ernest Newton Kalb, appellant, v. Roscoe R. Luce et al.
Argued by Mr. William Lemke and Mr. Elmer McClain for the
appellants and by Mr. J. Arthur Moran and Mr. Arthur T. Thorson
for the appellees.
No. 176. Haggar Company, petitioner, v. Guy T. Helvering, Com-
missioner of Internal Revenue. Argued by Mr. Thomas M. Wilkins
for the petitioner and by Miss Helen R. Carloss for the respondent.
Adjourned until Monday, December 18, next, at 12 o'clock.
✓
181208-39--37

MONDAY, DECEMBER 18, 1939
101
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: The Chief Justice, Mr. Justice Stone, Mr. Justice Roberts,
Mr. Justice Black, Mr. Justice Reed, Mr. Justice Frankfurter, and
Mr. Justice Douglas.
Vernon M. Smith, of Berkeley, Calif.; Ralph Waldo Wilson, of
Gloucester, Mass.; Clifford T. Inglis, of Jacksonville, Fla.; Earl Q.
Kullman, of New York City; Ruhl Leroy Cooper, of Washington,
D. C.; and J. Ross Gamble, of Washington, D. C., were admitted to
practice.
No. 201. Buckstaff Bath House Company, petitioner, v. Ed I.
McKinley, as Commissioner, etc., et al. On writ of certiorari to the
Supreme Court of the State of Arkansas. Judgment affirmed with
costs. Opinion by Mr. Justice Douglas. Mr. Justice Reed concurs.
No. 68. William Helis, petitioner, v. Mrs. Itasca Kinney Ward, as
Executrix, etc., et al. On writ of certiorari to the United States
Circuit Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit. Decree affirmed with
costs and cause remanded to the District Court of the United States for
the Eastern District of Louisiana. Opinion by Mr. Justice Douglas.
No. 14. The Board of County Commissioners of the County of
Jackson, in the State of Kansas, etc., petitioner, v. The United States
of America, etc. On writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit-
Court of Appeals for the Tenth Circuit. Judgment modified and
cause remanded to the District Court of the United States for the Dis-
trict of Kansas for further proceedings in conformity with the opinion
of this Court. Opinion by Mr. Justice Frankfurter. Mr. Justice
McReynolds concurs in the result. Separate opinion by Mr. Justice
Black in which Mr. Justice Douglas concurs.
No. 49. George W. Griffiths, petitioner, v. Commissioner of Internal
Revenue. On writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of
Appeals for the Seventh Circuit. Judgment affirmed and cause re-
manded to the said Circuit Court of Appeals. Opinion by Mr. Justice
Frankfurter.
The Chief Justice announced the following order of the Court:
No. 78. The United States of America, appellant, v. The Baltimore
and Annapolis Railroad Company et al. Appeal from the Court of
181208-39-38

MONDAY, DECEMBER 18, 1939
102
Appeals of the State of Maryland. Per curiam: The appeal is dis-
missed for want of a substantial Federal question. Hendrick v. Mary-
land, 235 U. S. 610, 622–623; Kane v. New Jersey, 242 U. S. 160, 167;
Hodge Co. v. Cincinnati, 284 U. S. 335, 337; South Carolina State
Highway Department v. Barnwell Bros., 303 U. S. 177, 189.
The Chief Justice said:
"The other orders of the Court appear upon the list certified by the
Chief Justice and filed with the Clerk and will not be announced
orally."
No., original. State of Oklahoma ex rel. Mac Q. Williamson,
Attorney General of the State of Oklahoma, etc., complainant, v.
Harry H. Woodring, Secretary of War of the United States. The
return to the rule to show cause is received and ordered filed. This
cause is set for hearing on Monday, January 29, 1940, on the motion
for leave to file the bill of complaint and the return to the rule to
show cause.
-
No. original. Commonwealth of Pennsylvania, complainant, v.
State of New Jersey. A rule is ordered to issue, returnable January
5, 1940, requiring the defendant to show cause why leave to file the
bill of complaint should not be granted.
No. 9, original. State of Arkansas, complainant, v. State of Ten-
nessee. This cause is reassigned for argument on Monday, April 22,
1940. The brief of the complainant to be filed on or before March 18
and reply briefs to be filed on or before April 15.
No. 417. New World Life Insurance Company, petitioner, v. The
United States. The motion of the petitioner to extend the time for
filing petition for rehearing is granted and the time is extended to
and including March 15, 1940.
No. 68. William Helis, petitioner, v. Mrs. Itasca Kinney Ward, as
Executrix, etc. The motion of Agnes E. Lewis and others to postpone
consideration is denied.
No. 562. Frank S. Connor, petitioner, v. The People of the State of
California et al. The motion for leave to proceed in forma pauperis is
granted. The petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of
the State of California is also granted.
No. 571. Lloyd N. Cobbledick, Individually, etc., et al., petitioners,
v. The United States of America;
No. 572. A. H. Brawner, Individually, etc., et al., petitioners, v.
The United States of America; and
No. 573. Eugene Palmuth, Individually, etc., et al., petitioners, v.
The United States of America. The petition for writs of certiorari in

MONDAY, DECEMBER 18, 1939
103
these cases is granted. The motion to advance is granted and the cases
are advanced and assigned for argument on Monday, January 29, 1940.
No. 542. The City of Yonkers, petitioner, v. Walter F. Downey,
Receiver, etc.;
No. 543. Joseph F. Loehr, Mayor, et al., petitioners, v. Walter F.
Downey, Receiver, etc.;
No. 544. Joseph F. Loehr, Mayor, et al., petitioners, v. Walter F.
Downey, Receiver, etc.; and
No. 545. The City of Yonkers, as Trustee, etc., petitioner, v. Walter
F. Downey, as Receiver, etc. Petitions for writs of certiorari to the
United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit granted.
No. 487. The Winchester Manufacturing Company, petitioner, v.
The United States. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of
Claims denied.
No. 515. The Kansas City Southern Railway Company et al., peti-
tioners, v. City of Shreveport. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
Supreme Court of the State of Louisiana denied.
No. 540. James E. Carroll, Executor, etc., et al., petitioners, v. New
York Life Insurance Company. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Eighth Circuit denied.
No. 411. James A. Lovvorn, petitioner, v. T. Whitfield Davidson,
Judge, etc.; and
No. 453. Gold, Silver, and Tungsten, Inc., petitioner, v. Donald F.
Wallace, as Executor, etc., et al. Petitions for rehearing denied.
Adjourned until Tuesday, January 2, 1940, at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Tuesday, January 2, 1940, will be as follows: Nos.
475, 45, 474, 44, 473, 152, 196, 193, 156, and 195.

TUESDAY, JANUARY 2, 1940
104
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: The Chief Justice, Mr. Justice McReynolds, Mr. Justice
Stone, Mr. Justice Roberts, Mr. Justice Black, Mr. Justice Reed, Mr.
Justice Frankfurter, and Mr. Justice Douglas.
Harry Leviton, of Chicago, Ill.; George J. Fagin, of Oklahoma City,
Okla.; C. A. L. Johnstone, Jr., of Mobile, Ala.; William G. Mulligan,
Jr., of New York City; Durward E. Balch, of Dickinson, N. Dak.; and
William C. Chanler, of New York City; were admitted to practice.
No. 132. Rafael Sancho Bonet, Treasurer, petitioner, v. The Texas
Company (P. R.), Inc. On writ of certiorari to the United States
Circuit Court of Appeals for the First Circuit. Judgment of the
Circuit Court of Appeals reversed with costs and judgment of the
Supreme Court of Puerto Rico affirmed and the cause remanded to the
said Supreme Court. Opinion by Mr. Justice Douglas. Mr. Justice.
Stone did not participate in the consideration or disposition of this
case.
No. 120. Ernest Newton Kalb and Margaret Kalb, his wife, appel-
lants, v. Henry Feuerstein and Helen Feuerstein, his wife; and
No. 121. Ernest Newton Kalb, appellant, v. Roscoe R. Luce, Henry
Feuerstein, et al. Appeals from the Supreme Court of the State of
Wisconsin. Judgments reversed with costs and cases remanded to the
said Supreme Court for further proceedings not inconsistent with the
opinion of this Court. Opinion by Mr. Justice Black.
No. 124. Lonnie Avery, petitioner, v. The State of Alabama. On
writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of the State of Alabama.
Judgment affirmed with costs. Opinion by Mr. Justice Black.
No. 460. National Labor Relations Board, petitioner, v. The Falk
Corporation et al. On writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit
Court of Appeals for the Seventh Circuit. Judgment modified and
cause remanded to the Circuit Court of Appeals with instructions to
enforce the Board's order without any modification. Opinion by Mr.
Justice Black. Mr. Justice McReynolds took no part in the considera-
tion or decision of this case.
No. 63. V. L. LeTulle, petitioner, v. Frank Scofield, United States
Collector of Internal Revenue for the First District of Texas. On
writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for
181208-40- -39

TUESDAY, JANUARY 2, 1940
105
the Fifth Circuit. Judgment of the Circuit Court of Appeals
affirmed with costs and cause remanded to the District Court of the
United States for the Western District of Texas with directions to
proceed in accordance with the opinion and mandate of the Circuit
Court of Appeals. Opinion by Mr. Justice Roberts.
No. 129. General American Tank Car Corporation, petitioner, v.
El Dorado Terminal Company. On writ of certiorari to the United
States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit. Judgment
reversed with costs and cause remanded to the District Court of the
United States for the Northern District of California for further pro-
ceedings in conformity with the opinion of this Court. Opinion by
Mr. Justice Roberts.
No. 176. Haggar Company, petitioner, v. Guy T. Helvering, Com-
missioner of Internal Revenue. On writ of certiorari to the United
States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit. Judgment
reversed and cause remanded to the said Circuit Court of Appeals
for further proceedings in conformity with the opinion of this Court.
Opinion by Mr. Justice Stone.
No. 70. American Federation of Labor, International Longshore-
men's Association, et al., petitioners, v. National Labor Relations
Board. On writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the District of Columbia. Judgment affirmed and cause re-
manded to the said Court of Appeals. Opinion by Mr. Justice Stone.
No. 253. National Labor Relations Board, petitioner, v. Interna-
tional Brotherhood of Electrical Workers et al. On writ of certiorari
to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Sixth Circuit.
Judgment reversed and cause remanded to the said Circuit Court of
Appeals for further proceedings in conformity with the opinion of
this Court. Opinion by Mr. Justice Stone.
No. 122. Chicot County Drainage District, petitioner, v. The
Baxter State Bank and Mrs. Lena S. Shields. On writ of certiorari
to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Eighth Circuit.
Judgment reversed with costs and cause remanded to the District
Court of the United States for the Eastern District of Arkansas
with direction to dismiss the complaint. Opinion by Mr. Chief
Justice Hughes.
No. 73. Postal Steamship Corporation, petitioner, v. Steamship
El Isleo, etc., Southern Pacific Company, claimant; and
No. 74. Postal Steamship Corporation, petitioner, v. Southern
Pacific Company. On writs of certiorari to the United States Cir-
cuit Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit. Judgments reversed
with costs and cases remanded to the said Circuit Court of Appeals

TUESDAY, JANUARY 2, 1940
106
for further proceedings in conformity with the opinion of this Court.
Opinion by Mr. Chief Justice Hughes.
The Chief Justice announced the following orders of the Court:
No. 35. Retail Food Clerks and Managers Union, Local No. 1357,
et al., petitioners, v. Union Premier Food Stores, Inc., et al. On writ
of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the
Third Circuit. Per curiam: As it appears that the cause has become
moot, the judgment of the Circuit Court of Appeals is reversed, with-
out costs to either party in this Court, and the cause is remanded to
the District Court with directions to dismiss the complaint. United
States v. Hamburg American Co., 239 U. S. 466, 477–478; Heitmuller
v. Stokes, 256 U. S. 359, 362–363; Brownlow v. Schwartz, 261 U. S.
216, 218.
No. 564. Ralph D. Lacoe, appellant, v. County of San Diego.
Appeal from the District Court of Appeal, 4th Appellate District,
State of California. Per curiam: The appeal is dismissed for want
of a substantial federal question. Kidd v. Alabama, 188 U. S. 730;
Darnell v. Indiana, 226 U. S. 390, 398.
No. 578. Quanah, Acme & Pacific Railway Company, appellant, v.
The United States of America, Interstate Commerce Commission,
et al. Appeal from the District Court of the United States for the
Northern District of Texas. Per curiam: The decree is affirmed.
Central R. R. Co. v. United States, 257 U. S. 247, 257; Interstate Com-
merce Commission v. Union Pacific Railroad Co., 222 U. S. 541. 547-
548; Los Angeles Switching Case, 234 U. S. 294, 311-312; United
States v. American Tin Plate Co., 301 U. S. 402, 411.
No. 537. Guy T. Helvering, Commissioner of Internal Revenue,
petitioner, v. Lucien H. Tyng; and
No. 538. Guy T. Helvering, Commissioner of Internal Revenue,
petitioner, v. William Buchsbaum. On petitions for writs of certio-
rari to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Second
Circuit. Per curiam: The petitions for writs of certiorari are
granted. The judgments are reversed and the causes are remanded to
the Circuit Court of Appeals for further proceedings. LeTulle v.
Scofield, No. 63, this day decided.
The Chief Justice said:
"The other orders of the Court appear upon the list certified by the
Chief Justice and filed with the Clerk and will not be announced
orally."
No.
-
original. Ex parte Harmon Metz Waley, petitioner;
No., original. Ex parte E. R. Lindsey, petitioner; and

TUESDAY, JANUARY 2, 1940
107
No., original. Ex parte J. R. Palmer, petitioner. The motions
for leave to file petitions for writs of habeas corpus are denied.
--
No. Joseph Poresky, petitioner, v. Joseph B. Ely. The motion
for a reconsideration of the application herein is denied.
No. 509. Jonathan M. Levine, petitioner, v. James A. Farley, as
Postmaster General of the United States, et al. On petition for writ
of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the District of
Columbia. The motion for leave to proceed further herein in forma
pauperis is denied for the reason that the Court, upon examination of
the papers herein submitted, finds no ground upon which a writ of
certiorari should be issued. The petition for writ of certiorari is
therefore also denied.
No. 535. Universal Service Association et al., petitioners, v. Securi-
ties and Exchange Commission. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Seventh Circuit denied.
Mr. Justice Douglas took no part in the consideration and decision of
this application.
No. 502. Hugh Cassel, Karl Nathan, et al., petitioners, v. Radio-
Keith-Orpheum Corporation et al.; and
No. 577. Ernest W. Stirn, petitioner, v. Atlas Corporation et al.,
etc. Petitions for writs of certiorari to the United States Circuit
Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit denied. Mr. Justice Douglas
took no part in the consideration and decision of these applications.
No. 551. The Atlantic Refining Company, petitioner, v. James B.
Berry Sons' Company, Inc. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Third Circuit denied.
Mr. Justice Roberts took no part in the consideration and decision of
this application.
No. 546. Scholarship Endowment Foundation, a corporation, peti-
tioner, v. Ralph Nicholas, as Collector of Internal Revenue. Petition
for writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals
for the Tenth Circuit denied.
No. 547. Fritz Steinbrecher, as Trustee, petitioner, v. John Toman,
as County Treasurer and County Collector of Cook County, Illinois.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of
Appeals for the Seventh Circuit denied.
No. 548. Harry H. Neuberger, petitioner, v. Commissioner of
Internal Revenue. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Circuit Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit denied.
No. 556. The Anglo California National Bank of San Francisco
and Herbert Fleishhacker, petitioners, v. Jean Lazard, Max Lazard,
et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit
Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit denied.

TUESDAY, JANUARY 2, 1940
108
No. 565. The Dean Rubber Manufacturing Company and Wilbur
J. Dean, petitioners, v. Frank B. Killian, Trustee. Petition for writ
of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the
Eighth Circuit denied.
No. 554. George Stewart Brown and Susan M. Brown, his wife,
petitioners, v. M. Hampton Magruder, United States Collector of
Internal Revenue for the District of Maryland. Petition for writ
of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the
Fourth Circuit denied.
No. 560. Philip Publicker, petitioner, v. Thomas Shallcross, Jr.,
John Arthur Brown, et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Third Circuit denied
No. 566. The Great Atlantic & Pacific Tea Company, petitioner, v.
Federal Trade Commission. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Third Circuit denied.
No. 568. Richard L. Merrick, Individually, etc., et al., petitioners,
v. American Security & Trust Company. Petition for writ of cer-
tiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the District of
Columbia denied.
No. 575. William D. Johnson, petitioner, v. Commissioner of
Internal Revenue; and
No. 576. William D. Johnson, petitioner, v. Commissioner of
Internal Revenue. Petition for writs of certiorari to the United
States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Eighth Circuit denied.
No. 249. Weightstill Woods, Court Trustee, petitioner, v. In-
demnity Insurance Company of North America; and
No. 250. Weightstill Woods, Court Trustee, petitioner, v. Granada
Apartments, Inc., et al. The motion for leave to file a second petition
for rehearing is denied.
No. 488. Joseph Dugan, petitioner, v. The United States; and
No. 494. Mrs. Mary Herder et al., petitioners, v. Guy T. Helver-
ing, Commissioner of Internal Revenue. Petitions for rehearing
denied.
The following order was adopted by the Supreme Court on
December 28, 1939.
ORDERED:
ORDER
1. That the first sentence of Rule 81 (a) (6) of the Rules of Civil
Procedure be amended so as to read as follows:
"(6) These rules do not apply to proceedings under the Act of
September 13, 1888, c. 1015, § 13 (25 Stat. 479) as amended, U. S. C.,

TUESDAY, JANUARY 2, 1940
109
Title 8, § 282, relating to deportation of Chinese; they apply to
proceedings for enforcement or review of compensation orders under
the Longshoremen's and Harbor Workers' Compensation Act, Act
of March 4, 1927, c. 509, §§ 18, 21 (44 Stat. 1434, 1436), U. S. C.,
Title 33, §§ 918, 921, except to the extent that matters of procedure
are provided for in that Act".
2. Effective Date.-That the foregoing amendment take effect on
the day which is three months subsequent to the adjournment of the
second regular session of the 76th Congress, but if that day is prior
to September 1, 1940, then this amendment shall take effect on
September 1, 1940. This amendment governs all proceedings in
actions brought after it takes effect and also all further proceedings
in actions then pending, except to the extent that in the opinion of
the Court its application in a particular action pending when the
amendment takes effect would not be feasible or would work in-
justice, in which event the former procedure applies.
3. That the Chief Justice be authorized to transmit this amend-
ment to the Attorney General with the request that he report it to
the Congress at the beginning of the regular session in January, 1940.
Mr. Justice Black does not approve of the adoption of this
amendment.
No.
-
In the matter of French B. Loveland. Return to the rule
to show cause presented.
No. 196. Bhagat Singh, alias Achal Singh, petitioner, v. Edward
L. Haff, District Director of Immigration and Naturalization for
the Port of San Francisco. On writ of certiorari to the United States
Circuit Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit. Writ of certiorari
dismissed on motion of counsel for the petitioner.
No. 475. Joseph D. McGoldrick, Comptroller of the City of New
York, petitioner, v. Berwind-White Coal Mining Company. Argued
by Mr. William C. Chanler for the petitioner and by Mr. John W.
Davis for the respondent.
No. 45. Joseph D. McGoldrick, Comptroller of the City of New
York, petitioner, v. Felt & Tarrant Mfg. Co. Argued by Mr. William
C. Chanler for the petitioner and by Mr. Newton K. Fox for the
respondent.
No. 474. Joseph D. McGoldrick, Comptroller of the City of New
York, petitioner, v. A. H. DuGrenier, Inc., et al. Argued by Mr. Wil-
liam C. Chanler for the petitioner and by Mr. John H. Jackson for
the respondents.

TUESDAY, JANUARY 2, 1940
110
No. 44. Joseph D. McGoldrick, Comptroller of the City of New
York, petitioner v. Compagnie Generale Transatlantique. Argued by
Mr. William C. Chanler for the petitioner and by Mr. Harold S.
Deming for the respondent.
No. 473. Joseph D. McGoldrick, Comptroller of the City of New
York, petitioner, v. Gulf Oil Corporation. Argument commenced
by Mr. Paxton Blair for the petitioner.
Adjourned until tomorrow at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Wednesday, January 3, will be as follows: Nos.
473, 193, 156, 195, 210, 229, 222, 237, 242, and 204.

WEDNESDAY, JANUARY 3, 1940
111
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: The Chief Justice, Mr. Justice McReynolds, Mr. Justice
Stone, Mr. Justice Roberts, Mr. Justice Black, Mr. Justice Reed, Mr.
Justice Frankfurter, and Mr. Justice Douglas.
Joseph Russel Frager, of St. Louis, Mo.; Jacob N. Wasserman, of
New York City; Fred W. Shields, of Washington, D. C.; and S. D.
McGill, of Jacksonville, Fla, were admitted to practice.
No. 473. Joseph D. McGoldrick, Comptroller of the City of New
York, petitioner, v. Gulf Oil Corporation. Argument continued by
Mr. Paxton Blair for the petitioner; by Mr. Matthew S. Gibson for
the respondent; and concluded by Mr. Paxton Blair for the petitioner.
No. 193. National Labor Relations Board, petitioner, v. Water-
man Steamship Corporation. Argued by Mr. Robert B. Watts for
the petitioner and by Mr. Gessner T. McCorvey and Mr. C. A. L.
Johnstone, Jr., for the respondent.
No. 156. Lawrence Yearsley and George Yearsley, petitioners, v.
W. A. Ross Construction Company. Argument commenced by Mr.
Robert Van Pelt for the petitioner.
Adjourned until tomorrow at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Thursday, January 4, will be as follows: Nos.
156, 195, 210, 229, 237, 243, 222, 242, 204, and 230.
✓
181208-40–
-40

THURSDAY, JANUARY 4, 1940
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
112
Present: The Chief Justice, Mr. Justice McReynolds, Mr. Justice
Stone, Mr. Justice Roberts, Mr. Justice Black, Mr. Justice Reed, Mr.
Justice Frankfurter, and Mr. Justice Douglas.
John W. Morgan, of Lynn, Mass.; Royal E. Jackson, of Washing-
ton, D. C.; J. Joseph Sullivan, of San Francisco, Calif; Earl Pryor,
of Washington, D. C.; Harry H. Wiggins, of New York City; Archi-
bald L. Hannum, of Berwyn, Md.; John Henry Young, of Washing-
ton, D. C.; Kent W. Hughes, of Lima, Ohio; and Benjamin W.
Moore, of Yonkers, N. Y., were admitted to practice.
No. 156. Lawrence Yearsley and George Yearsley, petitioners, v.
W. A. Ross Construction Company. Argument continued by Mr.
Clay C. Rogers for the respondent and concluded by Mr. Robert
Van Pelt for the petitioners.
No. 195. Isiah (Izell) Chambers, Jack Williamson, et al., peti-
tioners, v. The State of Florida. Argued by Mr. Leon A. Ransom
and Mr. S. D. McGill for the petitioners and by Mr. Tyrus A. Nor-
wood for the respondent.
No. 210. J. Earl Morgan, Executor, etc., petitioner, v. Commis-
sioner of Internal Revenue. Argument commenced by Mr. Brode
B. Davis for the petitioner.
Adjourned until tomorrow at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Friday, January 5, will be as follows: Nos. 210,
229, 237, 243, 222, 242, 204, 230, 236, and 246.
181208-40--41
Х

FRIDAY, JANUARY 5, 1940
113
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present The Chief Justice, Mr. Justice McReynolds, Mr. Justice
Stone, Mr. Justice Roberts, Mr. Justice Black, Mr. Justice Reed, Mr.
Justice Frankfurter, and Mr. Justice Douglas.
Arnold F. Schaetzle, of Des Moines, Iowa; Marion B. Plant, of
San Francisco, Calif.; Joseph A. Lamorelle, of Philadelphia, Pa.;
Gersh I. Moss, of Baltimore, Md.; and George Paul Slade, of Provi-
dence, R. I., were admitted to practice.
No. 210. J. Earl Morgan, Executor, etc., petitioner, v. Commis-
sioner of Internal Revenue. Argument continued by Mr. Brode B.
Davis for the petitioner and concluded by Mr. Richard H. Demuth
for the respondent.
No. 229. The Real Estate-Land Title and Trust Company, peti-
tioner, v. The United States of America. Argued by Mr. Joseph Neff
Ewing for the petitioner and by Miss Helen R. Carloss for the
respondent.
No. 237. Henry J. Miller, petitioner, v. Lester Shirl Hatfield,
Trustee, etc., et al. Argued by Mr. Elmer McClain for the petitioner
and by Mr. Kent W. Hughes for the respondents.
No. 243. Guy T. Helvering, Commissioner of Internal Revenue,
petitioner, v. F. W. Fitch. Argument commenced by Mr. Arnold
Raum for the petitioner and continued by Mr. William D. Mitchell
and Mr. Arnold F. Schaetzle for the respondent.
Adjourned until Monday next at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Monday, January 8, will be as follows: Nos. 243,
222, 242, 204, 230, 236, 246, 251, 252, and 262.
☑
181208-40-42

MONDAY, JANUARY 8, 1940
114
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: The Chief Justice, Mr. Justice McReynolds, Mr. Justice
Stone, Mr. Justice Roberts, Mr. Justice Black, Mr. Justice Reed,
Mr. Justice Frankfurter, and Mr. Justice Douglas.
George C. Dix, of New York City; S. Stanley Kreutzer, of New
York City; J. Robert Rubin, of New York City; Earle L. Beatty,
of New York City; Cullen G. Frey, of Wilmington, Del.; Maurice
A. Cohen, of Bayonne, N. J.; and Howard Wilson, of Cincinnati,
Ohio, were admitted to practice.
No. 151. Pearl E. Deputy and The Sussex Trust Company, etc.,
petitioners, v. Pierre S. Du Pont. On writ of certiorari to the
United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Third Circuit.
Judgment of the Circuit Court of Appeals reversed with costs and
the judgment of the District Court of the United States for the
District of Delaware affirmed and cause remanded to said District
Court. Opinion by Mr. Justice Douglas. Concurring opinion by
Mr. Justice Frankfurter in which Mr. Justice Reed joins. Dissenting
opinion by Mr. Justice Roberts in which Mr. Justice McReynolds
joins.
No. 146. Joseph T. Higgins, Collector of Internal Revenue for the
Third District of New York, petitioner, v. John Thomas Smith.
On writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals
for the Second Circuit. Judgment of the Circuit Court of Appeals
reversed with costs and the judgment of the District Court of the
United States for the Southern District of New York affirmed and
the cause remanded to the said District Court. Opinion by Mr.
Justice Reed. Dissenting opinion by Mr. Justice Roberts in which
Mr. Justice McReynolds joins.
The Chief Justice announced the following order of the Court:
No. 598. Philadelphia-Detroit Lines, Inc., appellant, v. The
United States of America and Interstate Commerce Commission.
Appeal from the District Court of the United States for the South-
ern District of Florida. Per curiam: The judgment is affirmed.
Hoey v. United States, No. 431, decided October 23, 1939; Louis-
181208-40-43

MONDAY, JANUARY 8, 1940
115
ville & Nashville R. R. Co. v. Sloss-Sheffield Co., 295 Fed. 53, 56,
affirmed 269 U. S. 217; Spiller v. Atchison, T. & S. F. Ry Co., 253
U. S. 117, 126.
The Chief Justice said:
"The other orders of the Court appear upon the list certified by
the Chief Justice and filed with the Clerk and will not be announced
orally."
No., original. Ex parte George H. Gibson, petitioner. The
motion for leave to file petition for writ of habeas corpus is denied.
No. In the matter of French B. Loveland. French B. Love-
land, a member of the Bar of this Court, having made return in
response to the rule to show cause issued on December 4, 1939, and
the costs therein mentioned having been paid, the said rule, in view
of the explanation submitted in said return, is discharged.
No. 610. Rufus Sanders, petitioner, v. J. C. Aldredge, Sheriff of
Fulton County, Georgia. On petition for writ of certiorari to the
Supreme Court of the State of Georgia. The motion for leave to
proceed further herein in forma pauperis is denied for the reason
that the Court, upon examination of the papers herein submitted,
finds no ground upon which a writ of certiorari should be issued.
The petition for writ of certiorari is therefore also denied.
No. 552. Thomas E. Murray as Receiver, etc., et al., petitioners, v.
The City of New York et al.; and
No. 558. William Roberts, Receiver, etc., petitioner, v. Thomas
E. Murray as Receiver, etc., et al. The motion to defer considera-
tion of the petitions for writs of certiorari in these cases is granted
and consideration is deferred until March 1, 1940. The Chief Jus-
tice took no part in the consideration and decision of this motion.
No. 567. Harry M. Veix, appellant, v. Sixth Ward Building and
Loan Association of Newark, New Jersey; and
No. 592. William H. Osborn, Channing F. MacNeil, et al., appel-
lants, v. Thos. W. Ozlin et al. In these cases probable jurisdiction is
noted.
No. 569. The United States of America, petitioner, v. United
States Fidelity and Guaranty Company et al. Petition for writ of
certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the
Tenth Circuit granted.
No. 570. The United States of America, petitioner, v. John C.
Shaw, Administrator, etc. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
Supreme Court of the State of Michigan granted.

MONDAY, JANUARY 8, 1940
116
No. 550. J. C. (Glen) Mims, petitioner, v. The State of New Mex-
ico. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of the
State of New Mexico denied for the want of a final judgment.
No. 557. Interstate Oil Company, Helen R. White, et al., peti-
tioners, v. F. B. Gormley, Receiver, etc. Petition for writ of cer-
tiorari to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Ninth
Circuit denied.
No. 574. Hartford Accident and Indemnity Company, petitioner,
v. Petroleum Royalties Company, a Trust Estate, et al. Petition for
writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for
the Tenth Circuit denied.
No. 77. Interstate Natural Gas Company et al., petitioners, v. A. H.
Stone, Commissioner of Franchise Tax, et al.;
No. 365. Leona Piatt Gray, petitioner, v. The Union Joint Stock
Land Bank of Detroit;
No. 366. Carl H. Gray, petitioner, v. The Union Joint Stock Land
Bank of Detroit;
No. 367. Ralph Piatt, petitioner, v. The Union Joint Stock Land
Bank of Detroit;
No. 503. Ernest Cavicchi, doing business as The Wade Button Co.,
appellant, v. Mohawk Manufacturing Co., Inc.;
No. 512. Antonio Criscuolo and Lucia Criscuolo, petitioners, v.
Matts Werner Sweins et al.;
No. 516. Harry Dunn, Noah Dunn, and Ralph Dunn, petitioners,
v. Peter Micco, Hettie Micco, Guardian, etc., et al.; and
No. 517. Frank S. Guy, petitioner, v. The United States of Amer-
ica. The petitions for rehearing in these cases are denied.
The Court will take a recess from Monday, January 15, until
Monday, January 29 next.
No. 614. Public Service Commission of Wisconsin, petitioner, v.
Wisconsin Telephone Co. Motion of the Committee on Public Utili-
ties of National Lawyers Guild for leave to file a brief as Amicus
Curiae submitted by Mr. Harry Booth in that behalf and the motion
denied.
No., original. Commonwealth of Pennsylvania, complainant, v.
State of New Jersey et al. Return of the individual defendants to
the rule to show cause presented.

MONDAY, JANUARY 8, 1940
117
No. 243. Guy T. Helvering, Commissioner of Internal Revenue,
petitioner, v. F. W. Fitch. Argument continued by Mr. Arnold F.
Schaetzle for the respondent and concluded by Mr. Arnold Raum for
the petitioner.
No. 222. Illinois Central Railroad Company, appellant, v. State
of Minnesota. Argued by Mr. Charles A. Helsell for the appellant
and by Mr. John A. Weeks for the appellee.
No. 242. Elsie V. Keys, as Administratrix, etc., petitioner, v.
Pennsylvania Railroad Company. Argued by Mr. Simone N.
Gazan for the petitioner and by Mr. Ray Rood Allen for the
respondent.
No. 204. John T. Kobilkin, petitioner, v. Warren H. Pillsbury,
Deputy Commissioner, etc., et al. Argument commenced by Mr.
Telford Taylor for the respondent, Warren H. Pillsbury, Deputy
Commissioner.
Adjourned until tomorrow at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Tuesday, January 9 will be as follows: Nos. 204,
230, 236, 246, 251, 252, 262, 270, 265, and 316.
☑

TUESDAY, JANUARY 9, 1940
118
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: The Chief Justice, Mr. Justice McReynolds, Mr. Justice
Stone, Mr. Justice Roberts, Mr. Justice Black, Mr. Justice Reed, Mr.
Justice Frankfurter, and Mr. Justice Douglas.
John E. Mulroney, of Des Moines, Iowa; David Stoneman, of
Boston, Mass.; George T. Havel, of Le Center, Minn.; Albert F.
Hillix, of Kansas City, Mo.; John Augustin Gallaher, of Denver,
Colo.; Albert E. Hallett, Jr., of Chicago, Ill.; and Murray Hudson,
of Monroe, La., were admitted to practice.
No. 204. John T. Kobilkin, petitioner, v. Warren H. Pillsbury,
Deputy Commissioner, etc., et al. Argument continued by Mr. Tel-
ford Taylor for respondent, Warren H. Pillsbury, Deputy Commis-
sioner, and concluded by Mr. M. B. Plant for respondent, Matson
Navigation Company, and case submitted by Mr. George R.
Olshausen for the petitioner. Leave granted petitioner to file an
additional brief within ten days.
No. 230. Peter J. Carpenter, petitioner, v. Wabash Railway Com-
pany et al. Argued by Mr. Hyman G. Stein for the petitioner and
by Mr. Arthur A. Gammell for the respondents.
No. 236. United States of America, for the use and benefit of
Midland Loan Finance Company, petitioner, v. National Surety
Corporation and Patrick J. Malone. Argument commenced by Mr.
Benedict Deinard for the petitioner.
Adjourned until tomorrow at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Wednesday, January 10, will be as follows: Nos.
236, 246, 252, 262, 265, 316, 270, 251, 272, and 329.
Х
181208-40-
-44

WEDNESDAY, JANUARY 10, 1940
119
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: The Chief Justice, Mr. Justice McReynolds, Mr. Justice
Stone, Mr. Justice Roberts, Mr. Justice Black, Mr. Justice Reed, Mr.
Justice Frankfurter, and Mr. Justice Douglas.
Christopher S. Sargent, of New York City; Claude T. Reno, of
Allentown, Pa.; Harry M. Showalter, of Lewisburg, Pa.; Joseph
Bernard Kauffman, of Atlantic City, N. J.; George W. Keitel, of
Harrisburg, Pa.; and Richard W. Sharpless, of Auburn, Ind., were
admitted to practice.
No. 236. United States of America, for the use and benefit of Mid-
land Loan Finance Company, petitioner, v. National Surety Corpo-
ration and Patrick J. Malone. Argument continued by Mr. George
T. Havel for the respondent, Patrick J. Malone; by Mr. Pierce
Butler, Jr., for the respondent, National Surety Corporation; and
concluded by Mr. Benedict Deinard for the petitioner.
No. 246. Frederick S. Deitrick, Receiver, etc., petitioner, v.
Thomas E. Greaney. Argued by Mr. George P. Barse for the peti-
tioner and by Mr. David Stoneman for the respondent.
No. 252. The Bell Telephone Company of Pennsylvania, appel-
lant, v. Pennsylvania Public Utility Commission. Argument com-
menced by Mr. Benjamin O. Frick for the appellant. The Court
declined to hear further argument.
Adjourned. until tomorrow at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Thursday, January 11, will be as follows: Nos.
262, 265, 316, 270, 251, 272, and 329.
181208-40-
Х
-45

THURSDAY, JANUARY 11, 1940
120
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: The Chief Justice, Mr. Justice McReynolds, Mr. Justice
Stone, Mr. Justice Roberts, Mr. Justice Black, Mr. Justice Reed, Mr.
Justice Frankfurter, and Mr. Justice Douglas.
Harold Leventhal, of New York City; James W. Gum, of Washing-
ton, D. C.; Samuel Morris, of Atlantic City, N. J.; Benedict P. Cottone,
of New York City; Victor Rogers Taylor, of Washington, D. C.; J. P.
Wenchel, of Baltimore, Md.; G. L. Reeves, of Tampa, Fla.; and Arno
P. Mowitz, of Philadelphia, Pa., were admitted to practice.
No. 262. South Chicago Coal & Dock Company et al., petitioners, v.
Harry W. Bassett, Deputy Commissioner, etc. Argued by Mr. Robert
J. Folonie for the petitioners and by Mr. Assistant Attorney General
Shea for the respondent.
No. 265. Federal Communications Commission, petitioner, v. The
Pottsville Broadcasting Company. Argued by Mr. Solicitor General
Jackson for the petitioner and by Mr. Charles D. Drayton and Mr.
Eliot C. Lovett for the respondent.
No. 316. J. Lawrence Fly, Norman S. Case, et al., petitioners, v.
Paul R. Heitmeyer. Argued by Mr. Solicitor General Jackson for the
petitioners and by Mr. Clarence C. Dill for the respondent.
Adjourned until tomorrow at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Friday, January 12, will be as follows: Nos. 270,
251, and 329.
181208-40-46
☑

FRIDAY, JANUARY 12, 1940
121
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present The Chief Justice, Mr. Justice McReynolds, Mr. Justice
Stone, Mr. Justice Roberts, Mr. Justice Black, Mr. Justice Reed, Mr.
Justice Frankfurter, and Mr. Justice Douglas.
H. Douglas Weaver, of Edgeley, N. Dak.; George S. Elpern, of
New York City; Albert Louis Felberbaum, of St. Louis, Mo.; Leon
Frechtel, of Mount Vernon, N. Y.; David H. Cannon, of Los
Angeles, Calif.; Lester Asher, of Chicago, Ill.; Harry Gladstone
Isemann, of Washington, D. C.; Edward S. Ferebee, of Norfolk,
Va.; Harry E. Ratner, of New York City; Howard Lee Holtzendorff,
of Lincoln, Nebr.; Sylvan H. Hirsch, of Philadelphia, Pa.; and
Allen J. Levin, of Philadelphia, Pa., were admitted to practice.
No. 270. Nathan Mayo, as Commissioner of Agriculture of the
State of Florida, et al., appellants, v. Lakeland Highlands Canning
Co., Inc., et al. Argument commenced by Mr. William C. Pierce for
the appellants; continued by Mr. G. L. Reeves for the appellees; and
concluded by Mr. O. K. Reaves for the appellants.
No. 251. James Stewart & Co., Inc., appellant, v. Katherine
Sadrakula, as Administratrix, etc. Argued by Mr. Clarence E. Mellen
for the appellant and by Mr. Leo Fixler for the appellee.
No. 329. Henry Russell, Lawrence Miller, et al., petitioners, e.
James S. Todd, Joseph R. Work, et al. Argued by Mr. Ralph M.
Carson for the petitioners and by Mr. George A. Spiegelberg for the
respondents. Leave granted petitioner to file a reply brief within
four days.
Adjourned until Monday, January 15, next, at 12 o'clock.
181208-40-47
☑

MONDAY, JANUARY 15, 1940
122
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: The Chief Justice, Mr. Justice Stone, Mr. Justice Roberts,
Mr. Justice Black, Mr. Justice Reed, Mr. Justice Frankfurter, and Mr.
Justice Douglas.
Earl B. Wixcey, of Washington, D. C.; Manford Edward Nelson,
of Washington, D. C.; Abe Fortas, of New Haven, Conn.; Marshall
Alexander Wiley, of Chippewa Falls, Wis.; Joseph Scott Lafferty, of
Chicago, Ill.; Theodore Harold Haas, of New York City; L. Mendel
Rivers, of Charleston, S. C.; George C. Norton, of New York City;
and John B. Wheeler, of Hollis, N. Y., were admitted to practice.
No. 229. The Real Estate Land Title and Trust Company, peti-
tioner, v. The United States of America. On writ of certiorari to the
United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Third Circuit. Judg-
ment affirmed and cause remanded to the District Court of the United
States for the Eastern District of Pennsylvania. Opinion by Mr. Jus-
tice Douglas. Mr. Justice Roberts and Mr. Justice Reed took no part
in the consideration or decision of this case.
No. 237. Henry J. Miller, petitioner, v. Lester Shirl Hatfield,
Trustee in Farmer Debtor Bankruptcy. et al. On writ of certiorari
to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Sixth Circuit.
Decree reversed with costs and cause remanded to the said Circuit
Court of Appeals for further proceedings in conformity with the
opinion of this Court. Opinion, per curiam, announced by Mr. Chief
Justice Hughes.
No. 473. Joseph D. McGoldrick, Comptroller of the City of New
York, petitioner, v. Gulf Oil Corporation. On writ of certiorari to
the Supreme Court of the State of New York. Writ of certiorari
dismissed for the want of jurisdiction. Opinion, per curiam, an-
nounced by Mr. Chief Justice Hughes.
The Chief Justice announced the following order of the Court:
No. 242. Elsie V. Keys, as Administratrix of the Estate of Harry
A. Keys, deceased, petitioner, v. Pennsylvania Railroad Company.
On writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals
for the Second Circuit. Per curiam: The judgment of the Circuit
Court of Appeals is reversed and that of the District Court is af-
181208-40-48

MONDAY, JANUARY 15, 1940
123
firmed upon the ground that the question of assumption of risk was
properly submitted to the jury.
The Chief Justice said:
"The other orders of the Court appear upon the list certified by
the Chief Justice and filed with the Clerk and will not be announced
orally."
No., original. Ex parte Edward Quinn, petitioner, and
No. -, original. Ex parte Wayne Waggoner, petitioner. The mo-
tions for leave to file petitions for writs of habeas corpus are denied.
No. original. Commonwealth of Pennsylvania, complainant,
v. State of New Jersey et al. The return of the individual defend-
ants to the rule to show cause is received and ordered filed. This
cause is set for hearing on Monday, February 26 next, on the motion
for leave to file the bill of complaint and the return to the rule to
show cause.
No. 562. Frank S. Connor, petitioner, v. The People of the State
of California. et al. It is ordered that H. Thomas Austern, Esq.,
of Washington, D. C., a member of the bar of this Court, be appointed
to serve as counsel for the petitioner in this case.
No. 19. Oklahoma Packing Company, formerly Wilson & Co., Inc.,
of Oklahoma, et al., petitioners, v. Oklahoma Gas and Electric Com-
pany et al. The decision of the Supreme Court of Oklahoma in
Community Natural Gas Co. v. Corporation Commission, 182 Okla.
137, having been brought to the attention of this Court for the first
time in the petition of respondents for a rehearing of the disposition
made of this cause in the opinion delivered on December 4, 1939,
that opinion is hereby withdrawn and replaced by the opinion of
this day. The petition for rehearing is denied.
No. 621. Edmond L. Viles, petitioner, v. The Prudential Insur-
ance Company of America. On petition for writ of certiorari to
the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Tenth Circuit.
The motion for leave to proceed further herein in forma pauperis
is denied for the reason that the Court, upon examination of the
papers herein submitted, finds no ground upon which a writ of certi-
orari should be issued. The petition for writ of certiorari is there-
fore also denied.
No. 559. Guy T. Helvering, Commissioner of Internal Revenue,
petitioner, v. Julian Price. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Fourth Circuit
granted.

MONDAY, JANUARY 15, 1940
124
No. 588. National Labor Relations Board et al., petitioners, v.
Bradford Dyeing Association (U. S. A.) et al. Petition for writ of
certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the First
Circuit granted.
No. 563. Delaware River Joint Toll Bridge Commission, peti-
tioner, v. John D. Colburn and Bessie Colburn. Petition for writ of
certiorari to the Court of Errors and Appeals of the State of New
Jersey granted and the case assigned for argument immediately
following No., original, Commonwealth of Pennsylvania v. State
of New Jersey et al. The Court directs the attention of counsel to
the question of the jurisdiction of this Court.
No. 585. Wilton Realty Corporation et al., petitioners, v. Paul E.
Weadock, as Examiner, Securities and Exchange Commission, et al.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of
Appeals for the Sixth Circuit denied. Mr. Justice Douglas took no
part in the consideration and decision of this application.
No. 581. Edwin L. Wiegand et al., petitioners, v. The W. Bing-
ham Company and Cutler-Hammer, Inc. Petition for writ of certi-
orari to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Sixth
Circuit denied.
No. 584. Crane-Johnson Company, a corporation of North Dakota,
petitioner, v. Commissioner of Internal Revenue. Petition for writ
of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the
Eighth Circuit denied.
No. 17. Ford Motor Company, petitioner, v. Tom L. Beauchamp,
Secretary of State of the State of Texas, et al.; and
No. 68. William Helis, petitioner, v. Mrs. Itasca Kinney Ward,
as Executrix, etc., et al. The petitions for rehearing in these cases
are denied.
No. 614. Public Service Commission of Wisconsin, petitioner, v.
Wisconsin Telephone Company. Motion for leave to file brief of the
National Association of Railroad and Utilities Commissioners as
amicus curiae submitted by Mr. John E. Benton in that behalf.
No. 10, original, October Term 1935. State of Wyoming, com-
plainant v. State of Colorado. Return to the rule to show cause
presented.
No. 2, original. The State of Wisconsin et al., complainants, v.
The State of Illinois et al.;
No. 3, original. State of Michigan et al., complainant, v. State of
Illinois et al.; and

MONDAY, JANUARY 15, 1940
125
No. 4, original. State of New York et al., complainants, v. State
of Illinois et al. Petition of the defendant, State of Illinois, for
temporary modification of paragraph 3 of decree of April 21, 1930,
presented.
Adjourned until Monday, January 29, next, at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Monday, January 29, will be as follows: Nos. —,
original, Oklahoma v. Woodring, 571 (572 and 573), 152, 272, 271,
281, 342, 354, 355, 370, and 380.

MONDAY, JANUARY 29, 1940
126
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: The Chief Justice, Mr. Justice McReynolds, Mr. Justice
Stone, Mr. Justice Roberts, Mr. Justice Black, Mr. Justice Reed,
Mr. Justice Frankfurter, and Mr. Justice Douglas.
Arcadio Y. Laperal, of Manila, P. I.; Adele K. Saypol, of New
York City; Irving H. Saypol, of New York City; J. H. Jackson,
of Shreveport, La.; R. D. Watkins, of Minden, La.; Carl J. Burke,
of Pittston, Pa.; Glenn H. Griswold, of Peru, Ind.; Margaret Carter
Hoyt, of Danville, Va.; Hugh T. Williams, of Danville, Va.; John
P. McQuillen, of Sioux Falls, S. Dak.; Oscar A. Zabel, of Seattle,
Wash.; Stanley B. Long, of Seattle, Wash.; Harold Evans, of Phila-
delphia, Pa.; Michael Joseph Bruder, of Newark, N. J.; John D.
Stedeford, of Pittsburgh, Pa.; Lynn Adams, of Oklahoma City,
Okla.; and Anthony Wayne Smith, of Washington, D. C., were
The Honorable Robert H. Jackson, of New York, presented his
commission as Attorney General of the United States and presented
Honorable Francis Biddle, of Pennsylvania, Solicitor General of the
United States, and it was ordered that their respective commissions
be recorded.
No. 243. Guy T. Helvering, Commissioner of Internal Revenue,
petitioner, v. F. W. Fitch. On writ of certiorari to the United States
Circuit Court of Appeals for the Eighth Circuit. Judgment reversed
and cause remanded to the said Circuit Court of Appeals for further
proceedings in conformity with the opinion of this Court. Opinion
by Mr. Justice Douglas. Mr. Justice Reed concurs in the result.
Dissenting: Mr. Justice McReynolds.
No. 222. Illinois Central Railroad Company, appellant, v. State
of Minnesota. Appeal from the Supreme Court of the State of
Minnesota. Judgment affirmed with costs. Opinion by Mr. Justice
Douglas.
No. 110. Guy T. Helvering, Commissioner of Internal Revenue,
petitioner, v. Mary Q. Hallock and Central United National Bank of
Cleveland, trustees;
No. 111. Guy T. Helvering, Commissioner of Internal Revenue,
petitioner, v. Mary Q. Hallock, Executrix, Estate of Henry Hallock,
deceased;
181208-40- -49

MONDAY, JANUARY 29, 1940
127
No. 112. Guy T. Helvering, Commissioner of Internal Revenue,
petitioner, v. S. H. Squire, Superintendent of Banks of the State of
Ohio, etc. On writs of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court
of Appeals for the Sixth Circuit;
No. 183. Walter J. Rothensies, Collector of Internal Revenue for
the First District of Pennsylvania, petitioner, v. Craig Huston, Ad-
ministrator d.b.n. c.t.a. of the estate of George F. Uber, deceased.
On writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals
for the Third Circuit; and
No. 399. Waldo G. Bryant and Ida Bryant, Executors of the estate
of Waldo C. Bryant, deceased, petitioners, v. Commissioner of Inter-
nal Revenue. On writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit
Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit. In Nos. 110, 111, and
112, judgments reversed and cases remanded to the said United States
Circuit Court of Appeals for the Sixth Circuit for further proceed-
ings in conformity with the opinion of this Court. In No. 183,
judgment reversed with costs and cause remanded to the District Court
of the United States for the Eastern District of Pennsylvania for
further proceedings in conformity with the opinion of this Court.
In No. 399, judgment affirmed and cause remanded to the United
States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit. Opinion by
Mr. Justice Frankfurter. The Chief Justice concurs in the result
upon the ground that each of these cases is controlled by decision in
Klein v. United States, 283 U. S. 231. Dissenting opinion by Mr.
Justice Roberts in which Mr. Justice McReynolds joins.
No. 265. Federal Communications Commission, petitioner, v. The
Pottsville Broadcasting Company. On writ of certiorari to the
United States Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia. Judg-
ment reversed and cause remanded to the said Court of Appeals with
directions to dissolve the writ of mandamus and to dismiss respond-
ent's petition. Opinion by Mr. Justice Frankfurter. Mr. Justice
McReynolds concurs in the result.
No. 316. J. Lawrence Fly, Norman S. Case, T. A. M. Craven, et al.,
petitioners, v. Paul R. Heitmeyer. On writ of certiorari to the
United States Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia.
Judgment reversed and cause remanded to the said Court of Appeals
with directions to dissolve the writ of mandamus and to dismiss
respondent's petition. Opinion by Mr. Justice Frankfurter. Mr.
Justice McReynolds concurs in the result.
No. 92. John E. Madden, Jr., Executor of the Estate of John E.
Madden, deceased, appellant, v. Commonwealth of Kentucky, by
H. Clyde Reeves, Commissioner, etc. Appeal from the Court of Ap-
peals of the Commonwealth of Kentucky. Judgment affirmed with
costs. Opinion by Mr. Justice Reed, Mr. Chief Justice Hughes con-
curs in the result upon the ground, as stated by the Court of Appeals

MONDAY, JANUARY 29, 1940
128
of Kentucky, that the classification adopted by the legislature rested
upon a reasonable basis. Dissenting opinion by Mr. Justice Roberts
in which Mr. Justice McReynolds joins.
No. 251. James Stewart & Co., Inc., appellant, v. Katherine
Sadrakula, as Administratrix, etc. Appeal from the Supreme Court
of the State of New York. Judgment affirmed with costs. Opinion
by Mr. Justice Reed.
No. 210. J. Earl Morgan, Executor of the Estate of Elizabeth S.
Morgan, deceased, petitioner, v. Commissioner of Internal Revenue.
On writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals
for the Seventh Circuit. Judgment affirmed and cause remanded
to the said Circuit Court of Appeals. Opinion by Mr. Justice
Roberts.
No. 475. Joseph D. McGoldrick, Comptroller of the City of New
York, petitioner, v. Berwind-White Coal Mining Company. On
writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of the State of New York.
Judgment reversed with costs and cause remanded to the said
Supreme Court for further proceedings not inconsistent with the
opinion of this Court. Opinion by Mr. Justice Stone. Dissenting
opinion by Mr. Chief Justice Hughes in which Mr. Justice Mc-
Reynolds and Mr. Justice Roberts join.
No. 45. Joseph D. McGoldrick, Comptroller of the City of New
York, petitioner, v. Felt & Tarrant Mfg. Co.; and
No. 474. Joseph D. McGoldrick, Comptroller of the City of New
York, petitioner, v. A. H. DuGrenier, Inc., Principal, and Stewart &
McGuire, Inc., Agent. On writs of certiorari to the Supreme Court
of the State of New York. Judgments reversed with costs and
cases remanded to the said Supreme Court for further proceedings
not inconsistent with the opinion of this Court. Opinion by Mr.
Justice Stone. Dissenting: The Chief Justice, Mr. Justice McRey-
nolds, and Mr. Justice Roberts.
No. 156. Lawrence Yearsley and George Yearsley, petitioners, v.
W. A. Ross Construction Company. On writ of certiorari to the
United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Eighth Circuit.
Judgment of the Circuit Court of Appeals reversing the judgment of
the District Court affirmed with costs but upon the grounds stated
in the opinion of this Court and cause remanded to the District
Court of the United States for the District of Nebraska. Opinion
by Mr. Chief Justice Hughes.
No. 230. Peter J. Carpenter, petitioner, v. Wabash Railway Com-
pany, Frank C. Nicodemus, Jr., et al. On writ of certiorari to the
United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Eighth Circuit.
Judgment of the Circuit Court of Appeals vacated with costs and
cause remanded to the District Court of the United States for the

MONDAY, JANUARY 29, 1940
129
Eastern District of Missouri with directions to allow petitioner's
claim in accordance with the statutory provision. Opinion by Mr.
Chief Justice Hughes.
No. 252. The Bell Telephone Company of Pennsylvania, appellant,
v. Pennsylvania Public Utility Commission. Appeal from the Su-
perior Court of the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania. Appeal dis-
missed for the want of a substantial federal question. Opinion,
per curiam, announced by Mr. Chief Justice Hughes.
The Chief Justice announced the following orders of the Court:
No. 204. John T. Kobilkin, petitioner, v. Warren H. Pillsbury,
Deputy Commissioner of the United States Employees' Compensation
Commission, etc., et al. On writ of certiorari to the United States
Circuit Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit. Per curiam: The
judgment is affirmed by an equally divided Court.
No. 603. Jagels, "A Fuel Corporation," appellant, v. Frank J.
Taylor, Comptroller of the City of New York. Appeal from the
Supreme Court of the State of New York. Per curiam: The motion
to substitute Joseph D. McGoldrick, present Comptroller of the City
of New York, as appellee in place of Frank J. Taylor is granted. The
judgment is affirmed. McGoldrick v. Berwind-White Coal Mining
Co., No. 475; McGoldrick v. Du Grenier, No. 474; McGoldrick v.
Felt & Tarrant Co., No. 45, all this day decided.
No. 629. Columbia Terminals Company, appellant, v. A. B. Lam-
bert, Samuel H. Liberman, et al. Appeal from the District Court
of the United States for the Eastern District of Missouri. Per
curiam: The decree is vacated and the cause is remanded to the Dis-
trict Court with directions to dismiss the complaint on the merits.
Eicholz v. Public Service Commission, 306 U. S. 268; Welch Co. v.
New Hampshire, 306 U. S. 79.
No. 630. Public Service Commission of the State of Missouri,
appellant, v. Columbia Terminals Company. Appeal from the Dis-
trict Court of the United States for the Eastern District of Missouri.
Per curiam: The appeal is dismissed for want of jurisdiction. Pub-
lic Service Commission v. Brashear Lines, 306 U. S. 204.
No. 622. C. M. Cady and Theodore Cady, doing business under the
name and title of C. M. Cady & Sons, appellants, v. City of Detroit,
etc., et al. Appeal from the Supreme Court of the State of Michigan.
Per curiam: The appeal is dismissed for want of a substantial fed-
eral question. (1) Euclid v. Ambler, 272 U. S. 365; Cusack Co. v.
City of Chicago, 242 U. S. 526; (2) Hatch v. Reardon, 204 U. S. 152,
160–161; Standard Food Co. v. Wright, 225 U. S. 540, 550; Ware-

MONDAY, JANUARY 29, 1940
130
house Co. v. Tobacco Growers, 276 U. S. 71, 88; (3) Caperton v.
Boywer, 14 Wall. 216, 236-237; Herndon v. Georgia, 295 U. S. 441,
442-443.
The Chief Justice said:
"The other orders of the Court appear upon the list certified by the
Chief Justice and filed with the Clerk and will not be announced
orally."
No., original. Ex parte J. L. Stewart, petitioner; and
-
No. , original. Ex parte L. Carrizal, petitioner. The motions
for leave to file petitions for writs of habeas corpus are denied.
No. 2, original. State of Wisconsin et al., complainants, v. State of
Illinois et al.;
No. 3, original. State of Michigan et al., complainants, v. State of
Illinois et al.; and
No. 4, original. State of New York et al., complainants, v. State of
Illinois et al. A rule is ordered to issue returnable February 26
next requiring the complainants to show cause why the petition
for temporary modification of the decree should not be granted.
No. 10, original, October Term, 1935. State of Wyoming, com-
plainant, v. State of Colorado. The return to the rule to show cause
is received and ordered filed. This cause is set for hearing on Mon-
day, February 26 next, on the motion for leave to file petition for
rule to show cause and return to the rule to show cause.
No. 605. Anna May Milar, petitioner, v. Viola M. Burleigh, Execu-
trix, etc., et al. On petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme
Court of the State of Ohio;
No. 617. J. L. Stewart, petitioner, v. A. F. St. Sure, Judge, United
States District Court for the Northern District of California. On
petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of
Appeals for the Ninth Circuit; and
No. 649. Thomas R. Cox, petitioner, v. Joseph H. Wilson, as
Warden, etc., et al. On petition for writ of certiorari to the Wash-
ington County Court, State of New York. The motions for leave
to proceed further herein in forma pauperis are denied for the reason
that the Court, upon examination of the papers herein submitted,
finds no ground upon which writs of certiorari should be issued.
The petitions for writs of certiorari are therefore also denied.
No. 596. Tradesmens National Bank of Oklahoma City, appellant,
v. The Oklahoma Tax Commission. In this case probable jurisdic-
tion is noted.
No. 635. Herbert Tigner, appellant, v. The State of Texas. In
this case probable jurisdiction is noted.

MONDAY, JANUARY 29, 1940
131
No. 582. The People of Puerto Rico, petitioner, v. Rubert Her-
manos, Inc. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States.
Circuit Court of Appeals for the First Circuit granted.
No. 587. The United States of America, petitioner, v. City and
County of San Francisco. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit
granted.
No. 595. Kersh Lake Drainage District, etc., et al., petitioners, v.
A. J. Johnson. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court
of the State of Arkansas granted.
No. 579. Union Joint Stock Land Bank of Detroit, petitioner, v..
Carl Byerly. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Circuit Court of Appeals for the Sixth Circuit granted.
No. 597. The Western Union Telegraph Company, petitioner, v.
Paul Nester and Juan Charles, Copartners. Petition for writ of
certiorari to the United States Circuit of Appeals for the Ninth
Circuit granted.
No. 625. Oscar Getz, James M. Lavine, et al., petitioners, v. The
Baltimore and Ohio Railroad Company et al. The motion to dis-
pense with the printing of the record is granted. The petition for
writ of certiorari to the District Court of the United States for the
District of Maryland is denied. Mr. Justice Roberts took no part
in the consideration and decision of these applications.
No. 604. Standard Oil Company of California and Henry Fair-
bank et al., petitioners, v. The United States of America. Petition
for writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals
for the Ninth Circuit denied. Mr. Justice Stone took no part in
the consideration and decision of this application.
No. 583. Zasu Pitts Woodall, petitioner, v. Commissioner of Inter-
nal Revenue. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States.
Circuit Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit denied.
No. 600. Moses Williams, William Minot, et al., etc., petitioners, v.
Emery Bird Thayer Dry Goods Company et al. Petition for writ of
certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the
Eighth Circuit denied.
No. 561. Cherokee Fuel Company, petitioner, v. The United States.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Claims denied.
No. 590. Martin E. Geibel, petitioner, v. Robert H. Scott, as Judge
of the Superior Court of the State of California, etc. Petition for
writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of the State of California.
denied.

MONDAY, JANUARY 29, 1940
132
No. 601. John G. Ruhlin, Jennie B. Ruhlin, et al., petitioners, v.
New York Life Insurance Company. Petition for writ of certiorari
to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Third Circuit
denied.
No. 602. Stella S. Housman, petitioner, v. Commissioner of Inter-
nal Revenue. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Circuit Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit denied.
No. 607. Sarah M. McCurdy, petitioner, v. New York Life Insur-
ance Company. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Circuit Court of Appeals for the Tenth Circuit denied.
No. 618. George Allison & Co., Inc., et al., petitioners, v. Interstate
Commerce Commission. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United
States Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia denied.
No. 624. The Kroger Grocery & Baking Company, petitioner, v.
Lucille Barker. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Circuit Court of Appeals for the Seventh Circuit denied.
No. 626. France Manufacturing Company, petitioner, v. Jefferson
Electric Company. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United
States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Sixth Circuit denied.
No. 19. Oklahoma Packing Company, Formerly Wilson & Co.,
Inc., etc., et al., petitioners, v. Oklahoma Gas and Electric Company
et al. The motion for leave to file a petition for rehearing is denied.
The motion to recall the mandate is also denied.
No. 456. David Graves George, petitioner, v. Victor Talking
Machine Company. The motion for leave to file a second petition for
rehearing is denied.
No. 4. Evelyn Treinies, petitioner, v. Sunshine Mining Company
et al.;
No. 63. V. L. LeTulle, petitioner, v. Frank Scofield, United States
Collector of Internal Revenue, etc.;
No. 129. General American Tank Car Corporation, petitioner, v.
El Dorado Terminal Company;
No. 537. Guy T. Helvering, Commissioner of Internal Revenue,
petitioner, v. Lucien H. Tyng;
No. 538. Guy T. Helvering, Commissioner of Internal Revenue,
petitioner, v. William Buchsbaum;
No. 566. The Great Atlantic & Pacific Tea Company, petitioner, v.
Federal Trade Commission; and
No. 578. Quanah, Acme & Pacific Railway Company, appellant, v.
The United States of America et al. The petitions for rehearing in
these cases are denied.

MONDAY, JANUARY 29, 1940
133
No. 48. The United States of America, petitioner, v. Honorable
Patrick T. Stone, United States District Judge; and
No. 317. Guy T. Helvering, Commissioner of Internal Revenue,
petitioner, v. James Lee Johnson. Leave granted to withdraw peti-
tions for rehearing on motion of Mr. Solicitor General Biddle for
the petitioners.
No. 648. J. L. Winkelman, petitioner, v. Roy G. Allman. Motion
to require petitioner to post a cost bond submitted by Mr. Roy G.
Allman for the respondent.
No. 591. Metropolitan Life Insurance Company, petitioner, v.
Forrest Banion, as Administrator, etc. et al. On petition
for writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals
for the Tenth Circuit. Dismissed per stipulation of counsel.
No. -, original. State of Oklahoma, upon the relation of Mac
Q. Williamson, Attorney General of the State of Oklahoma, etc.,
complainant, v. Harry H. Woodring, Secretary of War of the
United States. Four hours allowed for oral argument. Argument
on the motion for leave to file bill of complaint and return to the rule
to show cause commenced by Mr. Claude C. Hatchett for the com-
plainant; continued by Mr. Attorney General Jackson for the de-
fendant; and by Mr. Mac Q. Williamson for the complainant.
Adjourned until tomorrow at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Tuesday, January 30, will be as follows: Nos.
original, Oklahoma v. Woodring, 571 (572 and 573), 271, 281,
342, 354, 355, 370, 380, 383, and 384.
☑

TUESDAY, JANUARY 30, 1940
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
134
Present: The Chief Justice, Mr. Justice McReynolds, Mr. Justice
Stone, Mr. Justice Roberts, Mr. Justice Black, Mr. Justice Reed, Mr.
Justice Frankfurter, and Mr. Justice Douglas.
Scott W. Lucas, of Havana, Ill.; James M. Slattery, of Chicago,
Ill.; Benjamin C. Ribman, of New York City; Frank X. Schaut, of
Cleveland, Ohio; Urban H. Benderman, of Cleveland, Ohio; Tre-
maine Kellogg Burrows, of Washington, D. C.; Scott Snodgrass, of
San Angelo, Tex.; and Grant W. Kelleher, of Butte, Mont., were
admitted to practice.
No., original. State of Oklahoma, upon the relation of Mac Q.
Williamson, Attorney General of the State of Oklahoma, etc., com-
plainant, v. Harry H. Woodring, Secretary of War of the United
States. Argument on the motion for leave to file bill of complaint
and return to the rule to show cause concluded by Mr. Mac Q.
Williamson for the complainant. Leave granted complainant to file
a supplemental brief by Friday next.
No. 571. Lloyd N. Cobbledick, Individually and as Vice President
of Cobbledick-Kibbe Glass Company, et al., petitioners, v. The
United States of America;
No. 572. A. H. Brawner, Individually, etc., et al., petitioners, v.
The United States of America; and
No. 573. Eugene Palmuth, Individually, etc., etc., petitioners, v.
The United States of America. Argued by Mr. Donald R. Richberg
for the petitioners and by Mr. Wendell Berge for the respondent.
No. 271. Paramino Lumber Company et al., appellants, v. Wm. A.
Marshall, Deputy Commissioner, etc., et al. Argued by Mr. Stanley
B. Long for the appellants and by Mr. Oscar A. Zabel for the
appellee, John T. Clark.
No. 281. J. K. Wadley, Lillian J. Porter, et al., appellants, v. State
of Louisiana on the relation of John L. Munn. Argument com-
menced by Mr. John B. Files for the appellants.
Adjourned until tomorrow at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Wednesday, January 31, will be as follows: Nos.
281, 342, 354, 355, 370, 380, 383, 384, 386, and 394.
181208-40- -50
Х

WEDNESDAY, JANUARY 31, 1940
135
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: The Chief Justice, Mr. Justice McReynolds, Mr. Justice
Stone. Mr. Justice Roberts, Mr. Justice Black, Mr. Justice Reed, Mr.
Justice Frankfurter, and Mr. Justice Douglas.
Herbert S. Marks, of Washington, D. C.; Harry A. Glovsky, of
North Adams, Mass.; William Starr Vincent, of Baltimore, Md.;
David L. Sprung, of New York City; Francis F. Welsh, of Newark,
N. J. Robert G. Howell, of Bridgeton, N. J.; Francis A. Stanger,
Jr., of Cedarville, N. J.; Oscar B. Thiel, of Gary, Ind.; William
Shepherd Drewry, of Norfolk, Va.; and Seymour J. Quinney, of
Salt Lake City, Utah, were admitted to practice.
No. 637. Compania General de Tabacos de Filipinas, petitioner, v.
Collector of Internal Revenue. Time within which to file brief for
respondent extended to February 21, next, on motion of Mr. Nathan
R. Margold for the respondent.
No. 281. J. K. Wadley, Lillian J. Porter, et al., appellants, v.
State of Louisiana on the relation of John L. Munn. Argument
continued by Mr. Joseph H. Jackson for the appellants. The Court
declined to hear further argument.
No. 342. Amalgamated Utility Workers, Affiliated with Utility
Workers Organizing Committee, Congress of Industrial Organiza-
tions, petitioner, v. Consolidated Edison Company of New York,
Inc., et al. Argued by Mr. Louis B. Boudin for the petitioner; by
Mr. William L. Ransom for the respondents, Consolidated Edison
Co. of New York, Inc., et al.; and by Mr. Isaac Lobe Strauss for the
respondents, International Brotherhood of Electrical Workers et al.
No. 354. Federal Housing Administration, Region No. 4, State
Director, Raymond Foley, petitioner, v. Ruth Burr, Doing business
as Secretarial Service Bureau. Argument commenced by Mr. Sid-
ney J. Kaplan for the petitioner and continued by Mr. Gus O. Na-
tions for the respondent.
Adjourned until tomorrow at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Thursday, February 1, will be as follows: Nos.
354, 355, 370, 380, 383, 384, 386, 394, 419, and 437.
181208-40-51

THURSDAY, FEBRUARY 1, 1940
136
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: The Chief Justice, Mr. Justice McReynolds, Mr. Justice
Stone, Mr. Justice Roberts, Mr. Justice Black, Mr. Justice Reed, Mr.
Justice Frankfurter, and Mr. Justice Douglas.
Francis Harley Scheetz, of Philadelphia, Pa.; Charles E. Ken-
worthey, of Philadelphia, Pa.; Arthur R. Seelig, of Chicago, Ill.;
Carney D. Matheson, of Detroit, Mich.; George S. Dixon, of Detroit,
Mich.; Thomas P. Helmey, of Minneapolis, Minn.; and Leonard G.
McAneny, of Yonkers, N. Y., were admitted to practice.
Mr. Attorney General Jackson addressed the Court as follows:
Mr. Chief Justice and Associate Justices of the Supreme Court
of the United States: The Bar of the Supreme Court, including
those who here represent the executive branch of the government,
desires to observe with you the one hundred fiftieth anniversary
of this Court's service. We do so in a spirit of rededication to
the great principles of freedom and order which come to life in
your judgments.
The Court as we know it could hardly have been foreseen from
its beginnings. When it first convened, no one seemed in imme-
diate need of its appellate process, and it adjourned-to await
the perpetration of errors by lower courts. Errors were, of
course, soon forthcoming. The Justices who sat upon the Bench,
although not themselves aged, were older than the Court itself.
The duration of an argument was then measured in days instead
of hours. All questions were open ones, and neither the states-
manship of the Justices nor the imagination of the advocate was
confined by the ruling case. Some philosophers have so feared
the weight of tradition as to assert that happy are a people who
have no history. We, however, may at least believe that there
was some happiness in belonging to a bar that had little occa-
sion to distinguish precedents or in sitting upon a Court that
could not be invited to overrule itself. Few tribunals have had.
greater opportunity for original and constructive work, and none
ever seized opportunity with more daring and wisdom.
From the very beginning the duties of the Court required it,
by interpretation of the Constitution, to settle doubts which the
181208-40--52

THURSDAY, FEBRUARY 1, 1940
137
framers themselves had been unable to resolve. Luther Martin
in his great plea in McCulloch v. Maryland was not only an
advocate but a witness of what had been and a prophet of things
to come. He said: "The whole of this subject of taxation is full
of difficulties, which the Convention found it impossible to solve,
in a manner entirely satisfactory." Thus, controversies so deli-
cate that the framers would have risked their unity if an answer
had been forced were bequeathed to this Court. During its early
days it had the aid of counsel who expounded the Constitution
from intimate and personal experience in its making. They knew
that to get acceptance of its fundamental design for government
many controversial details were left to be filled in from time to
time by the wisdom of those who were to follow. This knowl-
edge made them bold.
The passing of John Marshall marked the passing of that
phase of the Court's experience. Thereafter the Constitution
became less a living and contemporary thing-more and more
a tradition. The work of the Court became less an exposition
of its text and setting and purposes and became more largely a
study of what later men had said about it. The Constitution
was less resorted to for deciding cases, and cases were more re-
sorted to for deciding about the Constitution. This was the
inevitable consequence of accumulating a body of judicial expe-
rience and opinion which the legal profession would regard as
precedents.
It would, I am persuaded, be a mistake to regard the work
of the Court of our own time as either less important or less
constructive than that of its earlier days. It is perhaps more
difficult to revise an old doctrine to fit changed conditions than
to write a new doctrine on a clean slate. But, as the underlying
structure of society shifts, its law must be reviewed and re-
written in terms of current conditions if it is not to be a dead
science.
In this sense, this age is one of founding fathers to those who
follow. Of course, they will reexamine the work of this day,
and some will be rejected. Time will no doubt disclose that
sometimes when our generation thinks it is correcting a mistake
of the past, it is really only substituting one of its own. But
the greater number of your judgments become a part of the
basic philosophy on which a future society will adjust its
conflicts.
We who strive at your bar venture to think ourselves also in
some measure consecrated to the task of administering justice.
Recent opinions have reminded us that the initiative in recon-

4
THURSDAY, FEBRUARY 1, 1940
138
sidering legal doctrine should come from an adequate challenge
by counsel. Lawyers are close to the concrete consequences upon
daily life of the pronouncements of this Court. It is for us to
bring the cases and to present for your corrective action any
wrongs and injustices that result from operation of the law.
However well the Court and its bar may discharge their tasks,
the destiny of this Court is inseparably linked to the fate of
our democratic system of representative government. Judicial
functions, as we have evolved them, can be discharged only in
that kind of society which is willing to submit its conflicts to
adjudication and to subordinate power to reason. The future
of the Court may depend more upon the competence of the
executive and legislative branches of government to solve their
problems adequately and in time than upon the merit which
is its own. There seems no likelihood that the tensions and con-
flicts of our society are to decrease. Time increases the disparity
between underlying economic and social conditions, in response
to which our Federation was fashioned, and those in which it
must function. Adjustment grows more urgent, more extensive,
and more delicate. I see no reason to doubt that the problems
of the next half century will test the wisdom and courage of
this Court as severely as any half century of its existence.
In a system which makes legal questions of many matters
that other nations treat as policy questions, the bench and the
bar share an inescapable responsibility for fostering social and
cultural attitudes which sustain a free and just government.
Our jurisprudence is distinctive in that every great movement
in American history has produced a leading case in this Court.
Ultimately, in some form of litigation, each underlying opposi-
tion and unrest in our society finds its way to this judgment
seat. Here, conflicts were reconciled or, sometimes, unhappily,
intensified. In this forum will be heard the unending conten-
tions between liberty and authority, between progress and sta-
bility, between property rights and personal rights, and between
those forces defined by James Bryce as centrifugal and centrip-
etal, and whose struggle he declared made up most of history.
The judgments and opinions of this Court deeply penetrate the
intellectual life of the nation. This Court is more than an
arbiter of cases and controversies. It is the custodian of a
culture and is the protector of a philosophy of equal rights, of
civil liberty, of tolerance, and of trusteeship of political and
economic power, general acceptance of which gives us a basic
national unity. Without it our representative system would be
impossible.

THURSDAY, FEBRUARY 1, 1940
139
Lord Balfour made an observation about British government,
equally applicable to American, and expressed a hope that we
may well share, when he wrote:
"Our alternating Cabinets, though belonging to different
parties, have never differed about the foundation of society, and
it is evident that our whole political machinery presupposes a
people so fundamentally at one that they can afford to bicker;
and so sure of their own moderation that they are not danger-
ously disturbed by the never-ending din of political conflict.
May it always be so."
Mr. Charles A. Beardsley, President of the American Bar Associa-
tion, addressed the Court as follows:
Mr. Chief Justice and the Associate Justices of the Supreme.
Court of the United States: I appreciate this opportunity, which
has been accorded to me, as the representative of the American
Bar Association, to participate in this commemoration of the
150th anniversary of the first session of this honorable Court.
It is most fitting that this event should be commemorated.
Its commemoration may well serve to recall to the minds of the
American people the purposes of the founders of our National
Government, and the part, in the fulfillment of those purposes,
that this Court was intended to take, has taken, and will take in
the years to come. And this commemoration may well serve.
further, to challenge the American people to dedicate themselves
anew to the fulfillment of those purposes.
In the Preamble of our Constitution, its framers recited the
purposes to attain which the Constitution was to be ordained and
established. In this recital, the purpose to “establish justice" is
second only to the purpose "to form a more perfect union."
Daniel Webster reminds us that justice is "the ligament that
holds civilized beings together," and "the greatest interest of
man on earth.”
To the end that they might "establish justice," to the end that
they might provide "the ligament that holds civilized beings
together," to the end that they might strengthen the foundation
of civilization on the North American Continent, and to the end
that they might serve "the greatest interest of man on earth,"
the framers of the Constitution provided therein for a federal
judiciary, with this Court as its head, to administer "justice"
under and pursuant to law.
In the words of President Washington this Court was intended
to be "the keystone of our political fabric." And it was intended

THURSDAY, FEBRUARY 1, 1940
140
to be the protector of our Constitution, and of the inalienable
rights of a free people.
Gladstone's characterization of our Constitution as "the most
wonderful product ever struck off at a given time by the brain
and purpose of man," is justified by the fact that, for 150 years,
this Court has approached as near as any human institution
might well be expected to approach, the fulfillment of the pur-
pose of the framers of the Constitution, to "establish justice" for
the American people.
We may properly take pride in the extent to which this Court
has approached that fulfillment, realizing as we do, as Addison
reminds us, that to be just "to the utmost of our abilities, is the
glory of man," and that "to be perfectly just, is an attribute of
the divine nature."
Not only is it permissible on this occasion for us to recall that
this Court is a human institution, but it is also desirable for the
American people to recall, on this occasion, that this human insti-
tution will endure, and that justice, under and pursuant to law,
will be preserved for the American people, only so long as the
American people, by their alertness, fidelity, and sanity cause
them to be preserved and to endure.
For there are forces at work in the world today that are
inimical to the continued fulfillment by this Court of the pur-
pose for which it was created.
As a result of the workings of these forces, in substantial parts
of the world, national temples of justice are no longer honored
or worthy of honor, and international morality and law are
giving ground to international immorality and anarchy. And
many hundreds of millions of people are engaged in war, seeking
to settle their differences, not according to justice, but by force
-by the use of a means that is calculated to bring victory to
the strongest, or to the most unscrupulous, of the contending
peoples, wholly regardless of justice.
And, even within our own borders, there are forces at work
that are inimical to the principles upon which our Government
is founded, including the principle of justice under and pursuant
to law.
Thus, there is a tendency, among groups of employers and
employees, to use physical force as the means of settling differ-
ences, instead of being willing to use the administration of
justice-the institution devised by man, when he was emerging
from barbarism, as a substitute for combats, for fights and for
wars an institution that is calculated to bring victory to the

THURSDAY, FEBRUARY 1, 1940
141
contending party who has the most justice on his side, regardless
of the relative physical strength of the contending parties.
Also, we have among us many people who are eternally striving
to inculcate doctrines that, in other parts of the world, are pro-
ducing international lawlessness, anarchy, and war, doctrines that,
in other parts of the world, are destroying temples of justice,
and doctrines that, in other parts of the world, are depriving the
people of their liberties, and of their lives.
And, finally, there is an all-too-widespread inclination to dis-
regard the fundamental principles upon which our Government,
and our Civilization, are founded, and an all-too-general dispo-
sition to ignore the historic warning that "eternal vigilance is
the price of liberty."
For 150 years the American people have honored, respected,
and sustained this Court, and, through the years this Court has
gained for itself the gratitude and affectionate regard of the
American people, because the American people have been stead-
fast in their devotion to the fundamental principles upon which
our Government is founded, and because the American people
have seen in the record of this Court the evidence of the striving
by its members to be just, "to the utmost of" their “abilities.”
This Court has gained, and has retained, this honor, this re-
spect, this gratitude, and this affectionate regard, although, in
the words of a nineteenth-century publicist, this Court has no
"palaces or treasures, no arms but truth and wisdom, and no
splendor but the justice and publicity of its judgments."
On this occasion, as we commemorate the 150th aniversary of
the first session of this Court, we dedicate ourselves anew, to the
task of defending our Constitution, to the task of guarding our
liberties, and to the task of strengthening, defending, and pre-
serving this Court, as "the keystone of our political fabric,” as
the protector of our Constitution, and as the guarantor of justice
for the American people under and pursuant to law, not only for
another 150 years, but also for all time.
The Chief Justice said:
Mr. Attorney General and Mr. Beardsley: The Court welcomes the
words of appreciation you have spoken in recognition of the one
hundred and fiftieth anniversary of the day appointed for the first
session of this tribunal. We are highly gratified at the presence of
distinguished Senators and Representatives,—the members of the
Judiciary Committees of the Houses of Congress and of the Special
Joint Committee appointed in relation to this occasion. We trust
that what has been said echoes a sentiment cherished in the hearts

THURSDAY, FEBRUARY 1, 1940
142
of the American people. They have again and again evinced the
sound instinct which leads them, regardless of any special knowledge
of legal matters, to cherish as their priceless possession the judicial
institutions which safeguard the reign of law as opposed to despotic
will. Democracy is a most hopeful way of life, but its promise of
liberty and of human betterment will be but idle words save as the
ideals of justice, not only between man and man, but between gov-
ernment and citizen, are held supreme.
The States have the power and privilege of administering justice
except in the field delegated to the Nation, and in that field there is
a distinct and compelling need. The recognition of this anniversary
implies the persistence, through the vicissitudes of one hundred and
fifty years, of the deep and abiding conviction that amid the clashes
of political policies, the martial demands of crusaders, the appeals
of sincere but conflicting voices, the outbursts of passion and of the
prejudices growing out of particular interests, there must be some-
where the quiet, deliberate and effective determination of an arbiter
of the fundamental questions which inevitably grow out of our con-
stitutional system and must be determined in controversies as to
individual rights. It is the unique function of this Court, not to
dictate policy, not to promote or oppose crusades, but to maintain the
balance between States and Nation through the maintenance of the
rights and duties of individuals.
But necessary as is this institution, its successful working has de-
pended upon its integrity and the confidence thus inspired. By the
method of selection, the tenure of office, the removal from the bias of
political ambition, the people have sought to obtain as impartial a
body as is humanly possible and to safeguard their basic interests
from impairment by the partiality and the passions of politics. The
ideals of the institution cannot, of course, obscure its human limita-
tions. It does most of its work without special public attention to
particular decisions. But ever and anon arise questions which excite
an intense public interest, are divisive in character, dividing the
opinion of lawyers as well as laymen. However serious the division
of opinion, these cases must be decided. It should occasion no sur-
prise that there should be acute differences of opinion on difficult
questions of constitutional law when in every other field of human
achievement, in art, theology, and even on the highest levels of
scientific research, there are expert disputants. The more weighty
the question, the more serious the debate, the more likely is the
opportunity for honest and expert disagreement. This is a token
of vitality. It is fortunate and not regrettable that the avenues of
criticism are open to all whether they denounce or praise. This is a
vital part of the democratic process. The essential thing is that the

THURSDAY, FEBRUARY 1, 1940
143
independence, the fearlessness, the impartial thought and conscien-
tious motive of those who decide should both exist and be recognized.
And at the end of 150 years, this tribunal still stands as an embodi-
ment of the ideal of the independence of the judicial function in this,
the highest and most important sphere of its exercise.
We cannot recognize fittingly this anniversary without recalling
I the services of the men who have preceded us and whose work has
made possible such repute as this institution enjoys. This tribunal
works in a highly concrete fashion. The traditions it holds have
been wrought out through the years at the conference table and in
the earnest study and discussions of men constantly alive to a supreme
obligation. We do not write on a blank sheet. The Court has its
jurisprudence, the helpful respository of the deliberate and expressed
convictions of generations of sincere minds addressing themselves to
exposition and decision, not with the freedom of casual critics or
even of studious commentators, but under the pressure and within
the limits of a definite official responsibility.
To one who over twenty-nine years ago first took his seat upon
this Bench, this day is full of memories of associations with those
no longer with us, who wrought with strength and high purpose
according to the light that was given them, in complete absorption
in their judicial duty. We pay our tribute to these men of the more
recent period as we recognize our indebtedness to their eminent prede-
cessors. We venerate their example. Reflection upon their lives
brings emphasis to the thought that even with the tenure of the
judicial office, the service of individuals however important in their
day soon yields to the service of others who must meet new problems
and carry on in their own strength.
The generations come and go but the institutions of our Govern-
ment have survived. This institution survives as essential to the
perpetuation of our constitutional form of government,-a system
responsive to the needs of a people who seek to maintain the advan-
tages of local government over local concerns and at the same time
the necessary national authority over national concerns, and to make
sure that the fundamental guarantees with respect to life, liberty
and property, and of freedom of speech, press, assembly and religion
shall be held inviolate. The fathers deemed that system of govern-
ment well devised to secure the blessings of liberty to themselves and
their posterity. Whether that system shall continue does not rest
with this Court but with the people who have created that system.
As Chief Justice Marshall said: "The people made the Constitution,
and the people can unmake it. It is the creature of their will, and
lives only by their will". It is our responsibility to see that their

THURSDAY, FEBRUARY 1, 1940
144
will as expressed in their Constitution shall be faithfully executed
in the determination of their controversies.
And deeply conscious of that responsibility, in the spirit and with
the loyalty of those who have preceded us. we now rededicate our-
selves to our task.
No. 543. Joseph F. Loehr, Mayor, et al., petitioners, v. Walter
F. Downey, Receiver, etc.; and
No. 544. Joseph F. Loehr, Mayor, et al., petitioners, v. Walter
F. Downey, Receiver, etc. John J. Condon, Mayor, Gustav W.
Klein, Jr., First Deputy and Acting Comptroller, and Raymond J.
Whitney, City Manager, etc., successors to Joseph F. Loehr, Mayor.
James J. Hushion, Comptroller, and Dennis M. Morrissey, Commis-
sioner of Public Safety, respectively, substituted as the parties peti-
tioners herein on motion of Mr. George P. Barse on behalf of counsel
for the petitioners.
No. 354. Federal Housing Administration, Region No. 4. State
Director, Raymond Foley, petitioner, v. Ruth Burr, Doing Business
as Secretarial Service Bureau. Argument continued by Mr. Gus (.
Nations for the respondent and concludel by Mr. Sidney J. Kaplan
for the petitioner.
No. 355. The United States of America, petitioner, v. Moscow
Fire Insurance Company, etc., et al. Boris Hoppe as Executor under
the Last Will and Testament of Olga I. Hoppe substituted as a party
respondent herein in the place and stead of Olga I. Hoppe, deceased.
on motion of Mr. Edward J. Ennis in that behalf.
No. 355. The United States of America, petitioner, v. Moscow
Fire Insurance Company, etc., et al. Three hours and one-half al-
lowed for oral argument. Argument commenced by Mr. Edward J.
Ennis for the petitioner; continued by Mr. Paul C. Whipp for the
respondent, Lucke, Surviving Director of Moscow Fire Ins. Co. and
Conservator; and by Mr. Borris M. Komar for the respondents
Morro, et al., stockholders of the Moscow Fire Ins. Co.
Adjourned until tomorrow at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Friday, February 2, will be as follows: Nos. 355,
370, 380, 383, 384, 386, 394, 419, 437, and 459.
181208 40- -53
☑

FRIDAY, FEBRUARY 2, 1940
145
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: The Chief Justice, Mr. Justice McReynolds, Mr. Justice
Stone, Mr. Justice Roberts, Mr. Justice Black, Mr. Justice Reed, Mr.
Justice Frankfurter, and Mr. Justice Douglas.
Bernard J. Ackerman, of Rockville, Conn.; Helen E. Cottrell, of
New York City; George M. Wolfson, of New York City; and Theo-
dore Hardeen, Jr., of Chicago, Ill., were admitted to practice.
No. 355. The United States of America, petitioner, v. Moscow
Fire Insurance Company, etc., et al. Argument continued by Mr.
Osmond K. Fraenkel for the respondents, Kentman et al.; by Mr.
Hartwell Cabell for the respondents, Heckscher et al.; by Mr. Walter
H. Pollak for the respondents, Zahle et al.; and concluded by Mr.
Edward J. Ennis for the petitioner; and case submitted by Mr. Sam-
son Selig for the respondents, Sawyer et al.; and by Mr. Thomas
Kiernan for the respondent, Boris Hoppe, as Executor, etc. Leave
granted petitioner to file an additional brief by Thursday next.
No. 370. Montrose Cemetery Company, petitioner, v. Commis-
sioner of Internal Revenue. Argued by Mr. Elden McFarland for
the petitioner and by Mr. Richard H. Demuth for the respondent.
No. 380. Alfred A. Maurer and Marcus W. Myers, Trading as
Maurer & Myers Auto Convoy, appellants, v. William J. Hamilton,
Jr., Secretary, etc., et al. Argument commenced by Mr. Sterling G.
McNees for the appellants; continued by Mr. George W. Keitel for
the appellees; and by
Edmund M. Brady for the appellants.
Adjourned until Monday at 12 o'clock.
Con
The day call for Monday, February 5, will be as follows: Nos. 380,
383, 384, 346 (and 347), 386, 394, 272, 419, 437, and 459.
181208-40-54
✓

MONDAY, FEBRUARY 5, 1940
146
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: The Chief Justice, Mr. Justice McReynolds. Mr. Justice
Stone, Mr. Justice Roberts, Mr. Justice Reed, Mr. Justice Frankfurter,
Mr. Justice Douglas, and Mr. Justice Murphy.
Edward J. Hayes, of Detroit, Mich.; Kent C. van den Berg, of Saint
Paul, Minn.; Charles C. Stanley, of San Marino, Calif.; John H.
Pursel, of Phillipsburg, N. J.; Hubert T. Morrow, of Los Angeles,
Calif.; Ernest D. Hurd, of Salt Lake City, Utah; Lula E. Bachman,
of Detroit, Mich.; Julian H. Levi, of Chicago, Ill.; Charles J. Vogel,
of Fargo, N. Dak.; Herbert Henry Thomas, of Madison, Wis.; Hiram
E. Wooster, of Walden, N. Y.; O. R. McGuire, of Washington, D. C.;
Ben Chapoton Hughes, of Detroit, Mich.; and G. Mennen Williams,
of Detroit, Mich., were admitted to practice.
The Chief Justice said:
"The President, by and with the advice and consent of the Senate,
has appointed Frank Murphy, of Michigan, recently Attorney General
of the United States, to be Associate Justice of this Court. Mr.
Murphy is present. The Clerk will read his commission. Mr.
Murphy will then take the oath and the Marshal will escort him to his
seat upon the bench."
The Clerk then read the commission, as follows:
"FRANKLIN D. ROOSEVELT
"PRESIDENT OF THE UNITED STATES OF AMERICA
"To all who shall see these Presents, Greeting:
"KNOW YE: That reposing special trust and confidence in the Wis-
dom, Uprightness, and Learning of Frank MURPHY, of Michigan, I
have nominated and, by and with the advice and consent of the Senate,
do appoint him an Associate Justice of the Supreme Court of the
United States, and do authorize and empower him to execute and
fulfill the duties of that Office according to the Constitution and Laws
of the said United States, and to Have and to Hold the said Office,
with all the powers, privileges, and emoluments to the same of right
appertaining unto Him, the said Frank Murphy, during his good
behavior.
181208-40-55

MONDAY, FEBRUARY 5, 1940
147
"In testimony whereof I have caused these Letters to be made
patent and the seal of the Department of Justice to be hereunto.
affixed.
"Done at the City of Washington this eighteenth day of January,
in the year of our Lord one thousand nine hundred and forty, and
of the Independence of the United States of America the one hundred
and sixty-fourth.
"By the President:
"ROBERT H. JACKSON,
"FRANKLIN D. ROOSEVELT.
"Acting Attorney General."
The oath of office was then administered by the Clerk, and Mr.
Justice Murphy was escorted by the Marshal to his seat upon the
bench.
No. 236. United States of America for the use and benefit of Mid-
land Loan Finance Company, petitioner, v. National Surety Corpora-
tion and Patrick J. Malone. On writ of certiorari to the United
States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Eighth Circuit. Judgment
affirmed with costs and cause remanded to the District Court of the
United States for the District of Minnesota. Opinion by Mr. Justice
Reed.
The Chief Justice announced the following orders of the Court:
No. 281. J. K. Wadley, Lillian J. Porter, et al., appellants, v.
State of Louisiana on the relation of John L. Munn. Appeal from
the Supreme Court of the State of Louisiana. Per curiam: The ap-
peal is dismissed for want of a properly presented federal question.
Godchaux v. Estopinal, 251 U. S. 179; Rooker v. Fidelity Trust Co.,
261 U. S. 114, 117; Herndon v. Georgia, 295 U. S. 441, 443.
No. 370. Montrose Cemetery Company, petitioner, v. Commis-
sioner of Internal Revenue. On writ of certiorari to the United States
Circuit Court of Appeals for the Seventh Circuit. Per curiam: As it
appears that the Board of Tax Appeals received and considered the
evidence pertinent to the question of the valuation of the cemetery
lots on March 1, 1913, we find no ground for disturbing its ruling.
The judgment of the Circuit Court of Appeals is affirmed.
The Chief Justice said:
"The other orders of the Court appear upon the list certified by the
Chief Justice and filed with the Clerk and will not be announced
orally."

MONDAY, FEBRUARY 5, 1940
148
No. 614. Public Service Commission of Wisconsin, petitioner, v.
Wisconsin Telephone Company. On petition for writ of certiorari
to the Supreme Court of the State of Wisconsin. The motion of the
National Association of Railroad and Utilities Commissioners for
leave to file a brief amicus curiae is granted. The petition for writ of
certiorari is denied upon the ground that the Court is unable to find
that the decision of the highest court of the State did not rest upon an
adequate non-federal ground. Judicial Code, Sec. 237 (b), 28 U. S. C.
344 (b). Lynch v. New York, 293 U. S. 52; Honeyman v. Hanan, 300
U. S. 14; New York City v. Central Savings Bank, 306 U. S. 661;
McGoldrick v. Gulf Oil Corporation, No. 473, decided January 15,
1940.
No.
original. Ex parte Warren Elwood, petitioner; and
No., original. Ex parte Kenneth Gerard. The motions for leave
to file petitions for writs of habeas corpus are denied.
No. —, original. Ex parte Samuel White, petitioner. The motion
for leave to file petition for writ of prohibition is denied.
No. 628. Lottie Stewart and James Stewart, petitioners, v. Capital
Transit Company. On petition for writ of certiorari to the United
States Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia;
No. 661. Fred Hartzell West, petitioner, v. State of Washington
and Superintendent of the Washington State Penitentiary. On peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of the State of
Washington;
No. 670. Dora Robertson et al., petitioners, v. W. J. Chronister
et al. On petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of the
State of Arkansas; and
No. 631. John Parker, petitioner, v. American Society of Mechani-
cal Engineers. On petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of
Appeals of the State of New York. The motions for leave to pro-
ceed further herein in forma pauperis are denied for the reason that
the Court, upon examination of the papers herein submitted, finds
no ground upon which writs of certiorari should be issued. The
petitions for writs of certiorari are therefore also denied.
No. 639. Rebecca Shelley, petitioner, v. Andrew Jordan, Assist-
ant District Director of Naturalization and Immigration. On peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of
Appeals for the Sixth Circuit. The motion for leave to proceed
further herein in forma pauperis is denied for the reason that the
Court, upon examination of the papers herein submitted, finds that
the application for a writ of certiorari was not filed within the time
provided by law. Section 8 (a), Act of February 13, 1925 (43 Stat.
936, 940). The petition for writ of certiorari is therefore also denied.

MONDAY, FEBRUARY 5, 1940
149
No. 648. J. L. Winkelman, petitioner, v. Roy G. Allman. The
motion of respondent to require the petitioner to post a cost bond is
denied without prejudice to an application to the United States Cir-
cuit Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit.
No. 473. Joseph D. McGoldrick, Comptroller of the City of New
York, petitioner, v. Gulf Oil Corporation. The petition for rehear-
ing is granted. The judgment entered January 15, 1940, is vacated
and the case is restored to the docket for reargument and assigned
for hearing on Monday, February 26, next.
No. 593. Frances Perkins, Individually and as Secretary, etc., et
al., petitioners, v. Lukens Steel Company et al. Petition for writ
of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the District
of Columbia granted.
No. 613. The United States of America, petitioner, v. George S.
Bush & Co., Inc. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Court of Customs and Patent Appeals granted.
No. 426. Guy T. Helvering, Commissioner of Internal Revenue,
petitioner, v. Stephen J. Leonard. Petition for writ of certiorari
to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit
granted.
No. 427. Guy T. Helvering, Commissioner of Internal Revenue,
petitioner, v. Alfred C. Fuller. Petition for writ of certiorari to
the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit
granted.
No. 589. C. W. Blakeslee & Sons, Inc., et al., petitioners, v. The
United States. The motion to remand is denied. The petition for
writ of certiorari to the Court of Claims is denied.
No. 615. American Federation of Labor et al., petitioners, v. Ross
W. Swing et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court
of the State of Illinois denied for the want of a final judgment.
No. 599. Sanford Corporation, petitioner, v. Commissioner of In-
ternal Revenue. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Circuit Court of Appeals for the Third Circuit denied.
No. 606. (Dr.) Royal Lee, trading as Vitamin Products Company,
petitioner, v. The United States of America. Petition for writ of
certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the
Seventh Circuit denied.
No. 609. Albert E. Cohen, trading as Stewart's Jewelry Shop,
petitioner, v. Globe Indemnity Company. Petition for writ of cer-
tiorari to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Third
Circuit denied.

MONDAY, FEBRUARY 5, 1940
150
No. 611. Luziers', Inc., petitioner, v. Dan M. Nee, Collector of
Internal Revenue. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Circuit Court of Appeals for the Eighth Circuit denied.
No. 612. Florence N. Lewis, petitioner, v. Vendome Bags, Inc.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of
Appeals for the Second Circuit denied.
No. 616. Martin A. Severson, petitioner, v. Hanford Tri-State
Airlines, Inc., et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United
States Court of Appeals for the Eighth Circuit denied.
No. 619. Arthur Hardoncourt, petitioner, v. Irene J. Hardoncourt
(also known as Irene J. Roberts and Joan Hardoncourt), etc. Peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of the State of New
York denied.
No. 623. Port of Seattle, petitioner, v. Fidelity and Deposit Com-
pany of Maryland. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Circuit Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit denied.
No. 586. Norman Williams, petitioner, v. J. C. Aldredge, Sheriff
of Fulton County, Georgia. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
Supreme Court of the State of Georgia denied.
No. 594. Caroline A. Dunham, petitioner, v. Omaha and Council
Bluffs Street Railway Company. Petition for writ of certiorari to
the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit
denied.
No. 550. J. G. (Glen) Mims, petitioner, v. The State of New
Mexico;
No. 557. Interstate Oil Company, Helen R. White, et al., peti-
tioners, v. F. B. Gormley, Receiver, etc.;
No. 577. Ernest W. Stirn, petitioner, v. Atlas Corporation et al.;
and
No. 598. Philadelphia-Detroit Lines, Inc., appellant, v. The United
States of America et al. The petitions for rehearing in these cases
are denied.
The Court will take a recess from Monday, February 12, next
until Monday, February 26.
No. 648. J. L. Winkelman, petitioner, v. Roy G. Allman. Time
within which to file brief on behalf of the respondent extended fifteen
days from this date on motion of Mr. Roy G. Allman for the re-
spondent.

MONDAY, FEBRUARY 5, 1940
151
No. 383. Guy T. Helvering, Commissioner of Internal Revenue,
petitioner, v. George B. Clifford, Jr. Argued by Mr. Warner W.
Gardner for the petitioner and by Mr. Thomas P. Helmey for the
respondent.
No. 384. Guy T. Helvering, Commissioner of Internal Revenue,
petitioner, v. Meredith Wood. Argued by Mr. Warner W. Gardner
for the petitioner and by Mr. George M. Wolfson and Mr. Dean G.
Acheson for the respondent.
No. 346. The United States of America, petitioner, v. Socony-
Vacuum Oil Company, Inc., et al.; and
No. 347. Socony-Vacuum Oil Company, Inc., et al., petitioners,
v. The United States of America. Four hours allowed for oral argu-
ment. Argument commenced by Mr. John Henry Lewin for the
United States.
Adjourned until tomorrow at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Tuesday, February 6, will be as follows: Nos.
346 (and 347), 386, 394, 272, 419, 437, 459, 462, 481, and 482.

TUESDAY, FEBRUARY 6, 1940
152
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present The Chief Justice, Mr. Justice McReynolds, Mr. Justice
Stone, Mr. Justice Roberts. Mr. Justice Reed, Mr. Justice Frank-
furter. Mr. Justice Douglas, and Mr. Justice Murphy.
Nelson A. Sharfman, of New York City; Edward M. Miles, of
Seattle, Wash.; Daniel H. Howell, of Van Buren, Ark.: Samuel G.
Clawson, of Chicago, Ill.: McKenzie Shannon, of Chicago, Ill.; and
Leon A. Grapes, of Davenport. Iowa, were admitted to practice.
No. 346. The United States of America, petitioner, v. Socony-
Vacuum Oil Company, Inc., et al.; and
No. 347. Socony-Vacuum Oil Company, Inc., et al., petitioners, .
The United States of America. Argument continued by Mr. John
Henry Lewin for the United States: by Mr. William J. Donovan
for Secony-Vacuum Oil Company. Inc., et al.; by Mr. Assistant
Attorney General Arnold for the United States; and concluded by
Mr. John Henry Lewin for the United States.
No. 386. The Dickinson Industrial Site, Inc., a Corporation, etc.,
petitioner, v. Percy Cowan et al. Argument commenced by Mr.
Benjamin Wham for the petitioner: continued by Mr. Julian H. Levi
for the respondents: and concluded by Mr. Walter A. Wade for the
petitioner.
No. 394. State of Minnesota ex rel. Charles Edwin Pearson, ap-
pellant, v. Probate Court of Ramsey County, Minnesota, et al. Argu-
ment commenced by Mr. Joseph F. Cowern for the appellant.
Adjourned until tomorrow at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Wednesday, February 7, will be as follows: Nos.
394, 272, 419, 437, 459, 462, 482, 499, 542 (543, 544, and 545),
and 567.
☑
181208-40--56

WEDNESDAY, FEBRUARY 7, 1940
153
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: The Chief Justice, Mr. Justice McReynolds, Mr. Justice
Stone, Mr. Justice Roberts, Mr. Justice Black, Mr. Justice Reed, Mr.
Justice Frankfurter, Mr. Justice Douglas, and Mr. Justice Murphy.
Harold St. L. O'Dougherty, of Brooklyn, N. Y.; Alonzo E. Yont,
of Boston, Mass.; Laurence D. Yont, of Boston, Mass.; Joseph Went-
worth, of Boston, Mass.; and John M. Hall, of Boston, Mass., were
admitted to practice.
No. 584. Crane-Johnson Company, a Corporation of North Da-
kota, petitioner, v. Commissioner of Internal Revenue. Motion to
extend time for filing petition for rehearing submitted by Mr. Wil-
liam J. Cogger on behalf of counsel for the petitioner.
No. 394. State of Minnesota ex rel. Charles Edwin Pearson, appel-
lant, v. Probate Court of Ramsey County, Minnesota, et al. Argu-
ment continued by Mr. Joseph W. Cowern for the appellant; by
Mr. Chester S. Wilson and Mr. Kent C. van den Berg for the appel-
lees; and concluded by Mr. Joseph W. Cowern for the appellant.
No. 272. National Licorice Company, petitioner, v. National La-
bor Relations Board. Argued by Mr. Abraham Mann for the peti-
tioner and by Mr. Robert B. Watts for the respondent.
No. 419. Guy T. Helvering, Commissioner of Internal Revenue,
petitioner, v. John Kehoe. Argument commenced by Mr. John Philip
Wenchel for the petitioner.
Adjourned until tomorrow at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Thursday, February 8, will be as follows: Nos.
419, 437, 459, 462, 482, 499, 542 (543, 544, and 545), and 567.
181208-40--57

THURSDAY, FEBRUARY 8, 1940
154
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: The Chief Justice, Mr. Justice Stone, Mr. Justice Rob-
erts, Mr. Justice Black, Mr. Justice Reed, Mr. Justice Frankfurter,
Mr. Justice Douglas, and Mr. Justice Murphy.
Gerald Jones, of Tucson, Ariz.; Hilmer Gellein, of Detroit, Mich. :
Milton L. Romm, of Yonkers, N. Y.; Charles Bernard Godwin, Jr.,
of Suffolk, Va.; Erle Pettus, Jr., of Birmingham, Ala.; Martin C.
Colvin, of Los Angeles, Calif.; Stewart Maurice, of New York City;
Howard H. Sheppe, of Washington, D. C.; Harry Clifton Ames, of
Washington, D. C.; and Wilmer A. Hill, of Washington, D. C., were
admitted to practice.
No. 419. Guy T. Helvering, Commissioner of Internal Revenue,
petitioner, v. John Kehoe. Argument continued by Mr. John Phillip
Wenchel for the petitioner and concluded by Mr. Robert T.
McCracken for the respondent.
No. 437. John J. McCabe, petitioner, v. Boston Terminal Company.
Argued by Mr. Laurence D. Yont for the petitioner and by Mr.
Joseph Wentworth and Mr. John M. Hall for the respondent.
No. 459. The H. Rouw Company, petitioner, v. Frank J. Crivella.
Submitted by Mr. William A. Curtis and Mr. Daniel H. Howell for
the petitioner and by Mr. Harry P. Daily and Mr. John P. Woods for
the respondent.
No. 462. Germantown Trust Company, Trustee, etc., petitioner, v.
Commissioner of Internal Revenue. Argued by Mr. Harold Evans
for the petitioner and by Mr. J. Louis Monarch for the respondent.
No. 482. Edward Sheldon tnd Margaret Ayer Barnes, petitioner,
v. Metro-Goldwyn Pictures Corporation et al. Argument commenced
by Mr. Arthur F. Driscoll for the petitioner.
Adjourned until tomorrow at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Friday, February 9, will be as follows: Nos. 482,
499, and 542 (543, 544, and 545).
Х
181208-40-58

FRIDAY, FEBRUARY 9, 1940
155
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: The Chief Justice, Mr. Justice McReynolds, Mr. Justice
Stone, Mr. Justice Roberts, Mr. Justice Black, Mr. Justice Reed, Mr.
Justice Frankfurter, Mr. Justice Douglas, and Mr. Justice Murphy.
Dillard Estes, of Dallas, Tex.; Joe W. Whitten, of Oklahoma City,
Okla.; William A. Lloyd, of Austin, Tex.; Joseph C. Thomason, of
Knoxville, Tenn.; Richard B. McDermott, of Tulsa, Okla.; Roy M.
Huff, of Tulsa, Okla.; Donald B. Waite, of Cleveland, Ohio; Irving
Goodman, of Chicago, Ill.; Charles H. Watson, of Chicago, Ill.;
Francis F. Burch, of Philadelphia, Pa.; and Clarence D. Brewer, of
Detroit, Mich., were admitted to practice.
No. 604. Standard Oil Company of California et al., petitioners,
v. The United States of America. Motion to extend the time within
which to file petition for rehearing submitted by Mr. Seth W. Rich-
ardson for the petitioners.
No. 482. Edward Sheldon and Margaret Ayer Barnes, petitioners,
v. Metro-Goldwyn Pictures Corporation et al. Argument continued
by Mr. Arthur F. Driscoll for the petitioners and concluded by Mr.
John W. Davis for the respondents.
No. 499. Federal Communications Commission, petitioner, v. San-
ders Brothers Radio Station. Argued by Mr. William J. Dempsey
for the petitioner and by Mr. Louis G. Caldwell for the respondent.
Leave granted petitioner to file a reply brief by Tuesday next.
Adjourned until Monday, February 12, next, at 12 o'clock.
181208-40-59

MONDAY, FEBRUARY 12, 1940
156
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: The Chief Justice, Mr. Justice McReynolds, Mr. Justice
Stone, Mr. Justice Roberts, Mr. Justice Black, Mr. Justice Reed, Mr..
Justice Frankfurter, Mr. Justice Douglas, and Mr. Justice Murphy.
Clyce W. Aston, of Sherman, Tex.; Donald H. McLean, Jr., of
Brooklyn, N. Y.; Edward Gillett Knowles, of Denver, Colo.; Harry
Brownstein, of South Bend, Ind.; Harry Cassman, of Atlantic City,
N. J.; Alvin O. King, of Lake Charles, La.; John E. Scott, of
Indianapolis, Ind.; Paul D. McGarry, of Miami, Fla.; Jacquin Frank,
of New York City; James F. Sullivan, of Washington, D. C.; and
John E. Teate, of Jacksonville, Tex., were admitted to practice.
No. 354. Federal Housing Administration, Region No. 4, State
Director Raymond Foley, petitioner, v. Ruth Burr, doing business as
Secretarial Service Bureau. On writ of certiorari to the Supreme
Court of the State of Michigan. Judgment affirmed. Opinion by
Mr. Justice Douglas. Mr. Justice Murphy did not participate in the
consideration or decision of this case.
No. 193. National Labor Relations Board, petitioner, v. Waterman
Steamship Corporation. On writ of certiorari to the United States
Circuit Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit. Judgment reversed
and cause remanded to said Circuit Court of Appeals with directions
to enforce the Board's order in its entirety. Opinion by Mr. Justice
Black. Mr. Justice Murphy took no part in the consideration or
decision of this case.
No. 195. Isiah (Izell) Chambers, Jack Williamson, Charlie Davis,
and Walter Woodward (Woodard), petitioners, v. The State of
Florida. On writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of the State
of Florida. Judgment reversed with costs and cause remanded to
the said Supreme Court for further proceedings not inconsistent with
the opinion of this Court. Opinion by Mr. Justice Black. Mr. Jus-
tice Murphy took no part in the consideration and decision of this
case.
No. 246. Frederick S. Deitrick, Receiver of the Boston-Continental
National Bank, petitioner, v. Thomas E. Greaney. On writ of cer-
tiorari to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the First.
181208 40-60

MONDAY, FEBRUARY 12, 1940
157
*Circuit. Judgment reversed with costs and cause remanded to the
District Court of the United States for the District of Massachusetts
for further proceedings in conformity with the opinion of this Court.
Opinion by Mr. Justice Stone. Mr. Justice Murphy took no part in
the consideration or decision of this case. Dissenting opinion by Mr.
Justice Roberts in which Mr. Justice McReynolds joins.
No. 138. Z. M. McCarroll, Commissioner of Revenues of the State
of Arkansas, appellant, v. Dixie Greyhound Lines, Inc. Appeal from
the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Eighth Circuit.
Judgment affirmed with costs and cause remanded to the District
Court of the United States for the Eastern District of Arkansas.
Opinion by Mr. Justice McReynolds. Concurring opinion by Mr.
Justice Stone in which the Chief Justice, Mr. Justice Roberts, and
Mr. Justice Reed join. Dissenting opinion by Mr. Justice Black,
Mr. Justice Frankfurter and Mr. Justice Douglas. Mr. Justice Mur-
phy took no part in the consideration or decision of this case.
The Chief Justice announced the following orders of the Court:
No., original. State of Oklahoma, upon the relation of Mac Q.
Williamson, Attorney General of the State of Oklahoma, etc., com-
plainant, v. Harry H. Woodring, Secretary of War of the United
States. Per curiam: The motion for leave to file a bill of complaint
is denied by an equally divided Court. Mr. Justice Murphy took
no part in the consideration or decision of this motion.
No. 355. The United States of America, petitioner, v. Moscow Fire
Insurance Company, etc., et al. On writ of certiorari to the Supreme
Court of the State of New York. Per curiam: The judgment is
affirmed by an equally divided Court. Mr. Justice Stone, Mr. Jus-
tice Reed, and Mr. Justice Murphy took no part in the consideration
or decision of this cause.
No. 437. John J. McCabe, petitioner, v. Boston Terminal Com-
pany. On writ of certiorari to the Superior Court in and for the
County of Suffolk, Commonwealth of Massachusetts. Per curiam:
The Supreme Judicial Court, holding that the plaintiff's cause of
action arose under the Federal Employers' Liability Act, directed
judgment for the defendant upon the ground that the time had passed
within which an action could be brought or an amendment allowed
setting up such a cause of action. We are of the opinion that this
was error and that an opportunity for such an amendment should
have been afforded. New York Central & Hudson River R. R. Co. v.
Kinney, 260 U. S. 340. The judgment is vacated and the cause is
remanded for further proceedings not inconsistent with this opinion.

MONDAY, FEBRUARY 12, 1940
The Chief Justice said:
158
"The other orders of the Court appear upon the list certified by
the Chief Justice and filed with the Clerk and will not be announced
orally."
ORDER OF ALLOTMENT OF JUSTICES
IT IS ORDERED that the following allotment be made of the Chief
Justice and Associate Justices of this Court among the circuits, agree-
ably to the acts of Congress in such case made and provided, and
that such allotment be entered of record, viz:
For the First Circuit, Felix Frankfurter, Associate Justice.
For the Second Circuit, Harlan F. Stone, Associate Justice.
For the Third Circuit, Owen J. Roberts, Associate Justice.
For the Fourth Circuit, Charles Evans Hughes, Chief Justice.
For the Fifth Circuit, Hugo L. Black, Associate Justice.
For the Sixth Circuit, James C. McReynolds, Associate Justice.
For the Seventh Circuit, Frank Murphy, Associate Justice.
For the Eighth Circuit, Stanley Reed, Associate Justice.
For the Ninth Circuit, William O. Douglas, Associate Justice.
For the Tenth Circuit, Stanley Reed, Associate Justice.
For the District of Columbia, Charles Evans Hughes, Chief Justice.
No., original. Ex parte John Brown, petitioner. The motion
for leave to file petition for writ of habeas corpus is denied.
No. 380. Alfred A. Maurer and Marcus W. Myers, trading as
Maurer & Myers Auto Convoy, appellants, v. William J. Hamilton,
Jr., Secretary of Revenue, etc., et al. It is ordered that this case be
restored to the docket for reargument, and the case is assigned for
reargument on Monday, February 26, next.
No. 604. Standard Oil Company of California and Henry Fair-
bank, et al., petitioners, v. The United States of America. The mo-
tion to extend the time for filing a petition for rehearing is granted
and the time is extended to March 4, next.
No. 685. Joseph Murphy, petitioner, v. Warden of Clinton State
Prison at Dannemora, New York. On petition for writ of certiorari
to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit;
and
No. 689. Edwin Haden, petitioner, v. Alfred F. Dowd, as Warden
of the Indiana State Prison. On petition for writ of certiorari to the
Supreme Court of the State of Indiana. The motions for leave to
proceed further herein in forma pauperis are denied for the reason
that the Court, upon examination of the papers herein submitted,
finds no ground upon which writs of certiorari should be issued.
"The petitions for writs of certiorari are therefore also denied.

MONDAY, FEBRUARY 12, 1940
159
No. 667. John Carlson, appellant, v. The People of the State of
California. The motion for leave to file statement opposing juris-
diction and motion to dismiss is granted. In this case probable
jurisdiction is noted. The case is assigned for argument immediately
following No. 514.
No. 608. Century Distilling Company, petitioner, v. Continental
Distilling Corporation. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United
States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Third Circuit denied.
No. 620. Neal Crowley, as Receiver, etc., petitioner, v. Harold L.
Ickes, Secretary of the Interior. Petition for writ of certiorari to
the United States Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia
denied.
No. 627. Norman L. Baker, petitioner, v. State of Wisconsin. Peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of the State of
Wisconsin denied.
No. 636. D. W. Evans et al., petitioners, v. Alvanley Johnston et al.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Appellate Court, First District,
State of Illinois, denied.
No. 640. Donald McGregor, as Receiver, etc., petitioner, v. Board
of Public Utility Commissioners et al. Petition for writ of certiorari
to the Court of Errors and Appeals of the State of New Jersey,
denied.
No. 647. Harry E. Peters, petitioner, v. Mutual Life Insurance
Company of New York. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United
States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Third Circuit, denied.
No. 673. John Hancock Mutual Life Insurance Company, peti-
tioner, v. Rebecca Lampert. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit,
denied.
No. 122. Chicot County Drainage District, petitioner, v. The
Baxter State Bank et al;
No. 610. Rufus Sanders, petitioner, v. J. C. Aldredge, Sheriff of
Fulton County, Georgia, and
No. 621. Edmond L. Viles, petitioner, v. The Prudential Insurance
Company of America. The petitions for rehearing are denied.
No. 476. The United States of America, appellant, v. Northern
Pacific Railway Company et al.; and
No. 477. Northern Pacific Railway Company et al., appellants, v.
The United States of America. Motion of Minority Stockholders of

MONDAY, FEBRUARY 12, 1940
160
Northern Pacific Railroad Company for leave to appear and present
oral argument submitted by Mr. Raymond M. Hudson in that behalf.
No. original. Ex parte Edmond C. Fletcher, petitioner.
Motion for leave to file petition for writ of mandamus presented.
No.
-
, original. Ex parte Ira J. McCullough, petitioner. Mo-
tion for leave to file petition presented.
No. , original. Ex parte Wallace S. Bransford, County Treas-
urer, petitioner. Motion for leave to file petition for writ of man-
damus presented.
Adjourned until Monday, February 26, next, at 12 oclock.
The call for Monday, February 26, will be as follows Nos.
original, Pennsylvania v. New Jersey, 563, 10 original, October
Term, 1935, 473, 380, 570, 569, 479, 481, and 541.
✓

MONDAY, FEBRUARY 26, 1940
161
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: The Chief Justice, Mr. Justice McReynolds, Mr. Justice
Stone, Mr. Justice Roberts, Mr. Justice Black, Mr. Justice Reed, Mr.
Justice Douglas, and Mr. Justice Murphy.
William C. Erbecker, of Indianapolis, Ind.; Ewing T. Kerr, of
Cheyenne, Wyo.; Hyman Isaac, of Elizabeth, N. J.; William Lamar
Rose, of Punta Gorda, Fla.; Readie P. Ashurst, of Atlanta, Ga.;
Lucile Shealy Cotton, of Atlanta, Ga.; Julian B. Fite, of Muskogee,
Okla.; Everett S. Layman, of San Francisco, Calif.; Louis A. Lowen-
stein, of Danville, Ill.; Riley McClain, of Paris, Ill.; Clifford H.
Stone, of Gunnison, Colo.; Fancher Sarchet, of Fort Collins, Colo.;
Robert G. Smith, of Greeley, Colo.; Bernard W. Freund, of Los
Angeles, Calif.; Alfred W. Kiefer, of Hackensack, N. J.; Tenola
E. Graves, of Michigan City, Ind.; George F. Killinger, of Chicago,
Ill.; Abraham I. Harkavy, of Newark, N. J.; James E. Leppard, of
Chesterfield, S. C.; and Thomas E. Harris, of New York City, were
admitted to practice.
No. 383. Guy T. Helvering, Commissioner of Internal Revenue,
petitioner, v. George B. Clifford, Jr. On writ of certiorari to the
United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Eighth Circuit.
Judgment of the Circuit Court of Appeals reversed and judgment
of the Board of Tax Appeals affirmed and cause remanded to the
said Circuit Court of Appeals for further proceedings in conformity
with the opinion of this Court. Opinion by Mr. Justice Douglas.
Dissenting opinion by Mr. Justice Roberts, in which Mr. Justice
McReynolds joins.
No. 384. Guy T. Helvering, Commissioner of Internal Revenue,
petitioner, v. Meredith Wood. On writ of certiorari to the United
States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit. Judgment
affirmed and cause remanded to the said Circuit Court of Appeals.
Opinion by Mr. Justice Douglas. Mr. Justice Roberts concurs in the
result.
No. 239. Abe Fischer, petitioner, v. Pauline Oil & Gas Company.
On writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of the State of Oklahoma.
Judgment reversed with costs and cause remanded to the said Su-
preme Court for further proceedings not inconsistent with the opin-
ion of this Court. Opinion by Mr. Justice Roberts. Mr. Justice
Murphy took no part in the consideration and decision of this case.
181208-40- -61

MONDAY, FEBRUARY 26, 1940
162
No. 462. Germantown Trust Company, Trustee, etc., petitioner,
v. Commissioner of Internal Revenue. On writ of certiorari to the
United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Third Circuit. Judg-
ment reversed and cause remanded to the said Circuit Court of
Appeals for further proceedings in conformity with the opinion of
this Court. Opinion by Mr. Justice Roberts.
No. 270. Nathan Mayo, as Commissioner of Agriculture of the
State of Florida, et al., appellants, v. Lakeland Highlands Canning
Co., Inc., et al. Appeal from the District Court of the United
States for the Southern District of Florida. Decree reversed with
costs and cause remanded to the said District Court for further pro-
ceedings in conformity with the opinion of this Court. Opinion by
Mr. Justice Roberts. Mr. Justice Murphy took no part in the con-
sideration and decision of this case. Separate opinion by Mr. Justice
Frankfurter in which Mr. Justice Black and Mr. Justice Douglas
join.
No. 329. Henry Russell, Lawrence Miller, et al., petitioners, v.
James S. Todd, Joseph R. Work, et al. On writ of certiorari to
the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit.
Decree affirmed with costs and cause remanded to the District Court
of the United States for the Southern District of New York. Opin-
ion by Mr. Justice Stone. Dissenting: Mr. Justice Roberts. Mr.
Justice Murphy took no part in the consideration and decision of
this case.
No. 419. Guy T. Helvering, Commissioner of Internal Revenue,
petitioner, v. John Kehoe. On writ of certiorari to the United States
Circuit Court of Appeals for the Third Circuit. Judgment reversed
and cause remanded to the said Circuit Court of Appeals for further
proceedings in conformity with the opinion of this Court. Opinion
by Mr. Justice McReynolds.
No. 262. South Chicago Coal & Dock Company and London Guar-
antee & Accident Company, Ltd., petitioners, v. Harry W. Bassett,
Deputy Commissioner, etc. On writ of certiorari to the United States
Circuit Court of Appeals for the Seventh Circuit. Decree affirmed
and cause remanded to the District Court of the United States for
the Northern District of Illinois. Opinion by Mr. Chief Justice
Hughes. Mr. Justice Murphy took no part in the consideration and
decision of this case.
No. 342. Amalgamated Utility Workers, Affiliated with Utility
Workers Organizing Committee, Congress of Industrial Organiza-
tions, petitioner, v. Consolidated Edison Company of New York,
Inc., et al. On writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court
of Appeals for the Second Circuit. Judgment affirmed with costs.

MONDAY, FEBRUARY 26, 1940
163
and cause remanded to the said Circuit Court of Appeals. Opinion
by Mr. Chief Justice Hughes. Mr. Justice Murphy took no part in
the consideration and decision of this case.
No. 394. State of Minnesota ex rel. Charles Edwin Pearson, appel-
|lant, v. Probate Court of Ramsey County, Minnesota, et al. Appeal
1 from the Supreme Court of the State of Minnesota. Judgment
affirmed with costs. Opinion by Mr. Chief Justice Hughes.
No. 571. Lloyd N. Cobbledick, Individually, etc., et al., petitioners,
v. The United States of America;
No. 572. A. H. Brawner, Individually, etc., et al., petitioners, v.
The United States of America; and
No. 573. Eugene Palmuth, Individually, etc., et al., petitioners, v.
The United States of America. On writs of certiorari to the United
States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit. Judgments
affirmed and cases remanded to the District Court of the United
States for the Northern District of California. Opinion by Mr.
Justice Frankfurter announced by the Chief Justice. Mr. Justice
Murphy did not participate in the consideration or decision of these
cases.
The Chief Justice said:
"The orders of the Court appear upon the list certified by the
Chief Justice and filed with the Clerk and will not be announced
orally."
No. -, original. Ex parte Charles E. Phillips, petitioner; and
No., original. Ex parte Clarence M. Brummett, petitioner. The
motions for leave to file petitions for writs of habeas corpus are
denied.
No. -, original, Ex parte Wallace S. Bransford, petitioner. A
rule is ordered to issue, returnable Monday, March 18, next, requiring
the respondent to show cause why leave to file the petition for writ
of mandamus should not be granted.
No., original. Ex parte Ira J. McCullough et al., petitioners.
A rule is ordered to issue, returnable Monday, March 18, next, requir-
ing the respondent to show cause why leave to file the petition for
writ of mandamus should not be granted.
-
No. , original. Ex parte Edmond C. Fletcher, petitioner. The
motion for leave to file petition for writ of mandamus is denied.
No. original. Ex parte R. L. Scott, petitioner; and
-
No. -, original. Ex parte R. L. Scott, petitioner. The motions
for leave to file petitions for writs of mandamus are denied.
No. 476. The United States of America, appellant, v. Northern
Pacific Railway Company et al.; and

MONDAY, FEBRUARY 26, 1940
164
No. 477. Northern Pacific Railway Company et al., appellants, v.
The United States of America. The motion of the Minority Stock-
holders of the Northern Pacific Railroad Company for leave to
appear and present oral argument in these cases is denied.
No. 656. Alfred L. Sova, petitioner, v. W-R Company (formerly
Wilcox-Rich Corporation). On petition for writ of certiorari to
the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Sixth Circuit;
No. 677. Frank McKee, petitioner, v. James A. Johnston, Warden,
etc. On petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit
Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit;
No. 686. James Bostic, petitioner, v. Thomas M. Rives, Superin-
tendent, etc. On petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia; and
No. 709. In re Edmond C. Fletcher, petitioner. On petition for
writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the
District of Columbia. The motions for leave to proceed further
herein in forma pauperis are denied for the reason that the Court,
upon examination of the papers herein submitted, finds no ground
upon which writs of certiorari should be issued. The petitions for
writs of certiorari are therefore also denied.
No. 210. J. Earl Morgan, Executor, etc., petitioner, v. Commis-
sioner of Internal Revenue. The opinion is amended by striking
from the first line of the second full paragraph on page 2 the words
'Although it is conceded that", and by striking from the first line
of the fourth full paragraph on page 3 the words "it is conceded
that". The petition for rehearing is denied.
66
No. 632. Jesse Cantwell, Newton Cantwell, and Russell Cantwell,
appellants, v. The State of Connecticut. With respect to the appeal
of all appellants from the judgment of the Supreme Court affirming
the judgment of conviction on the third count of the information,
probable jurisdiction is noted. The appeal of Jesse Cantwell from
the judgment of the Supreme Court affirming the judgment of con-
viction on the fifth count is dismissed for want of jurisdiction.
Section 237 (a), Judicial Code, as amended by the Act of February
13, 1925 (43 Stat. 936, 937). Treating the papers whereon that
appeal was allowed as a petition for writ of certiorari as required by
section 237 (c) of the Judicial Code (43 Stat. 936, 938), certiorari is
granted.
No. 719. The Colorado National Bank of Denver, appellant, v.
Homer F. Bedford, as Treasurer of the State of Colorado. In this
case probable jurisdiction is noted.
No. 638. Apex Hosiery Company, petitioner, v. William Leader
et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit
Court of Appeals for the Third Circuit granted.

MONDAY, FEBRUARY 26, 1940
165
No. 662. Dampskibsselskabet Dannebrog, Claimant, et al., peti-
tioners, v. Signal Oil and Gas Company of California. Petition for
writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for
the Ninth Circuit granted.
No. 645. Martin T. Manton, petitioner, v. The United States of
America; and
No. 646. George M. Spector, petitioner, v. The United States of
America. Petitions for writs of certiorari to the United States
Circuit Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit denied. Mr. Justice
Stone and Mr. Justice Murphy took no part in the consideration and
decision of these applications.
No. 658. Carolina, Clinchfield, and Ohio Railway, petitioner, v.
Sarah Good Hosiery Mills, Inc. Petition for writ of certiorari to
the Supreme Court of the State of North Carolina denied for the
want of a final judgment.
No. 633. Shakespeare Company, petitioner, v. The Enterprise
Manufacturing Company and Bronson Reel Company. Petition for
writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for
the Sixth Circuit denied.
No. 641. Carnegie-Illinois Steel Corporation et al., petitioners, v.
Cold Metal Process Company; and
No. 642. Carnegie-Illinois Steel Corporation et al., petitioners, v.
Cold Metal Process Company. Petitions for writs of certiorari to
the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Third Circuit
denied.
No. 644. National Biscuit Company, petitioner, v. John Seymour,
Walter Seymour, et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United.
States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Third Circuit denied.
No. 657. Catharine D. Sharpe, petitioner, v. Commissioner of In-
ternal Revenue. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Circuit Court of Appeals for the Third Circuit denied.
No. 659. Florida Blue Ridge Corporation, petitioner, v. Tennes-
see Electric Power Company. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 663. Elizabeth B. Clum, petitioner, v. Guardian Life Insur-
ance Company of America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Third Circuit denied.
No. 665. Jack Hasenberg petitioner, v. New York Creditmen's As-
sociation. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit
Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit denied.
No. 580. The Municipal Council of San Rafael et al., petitioners,
v. Hospital De San Juan De Dios. Petition for writ of certiorari to
the Supreme Court of the Commonwealth of the Philippines denied.

MONDAY, FEBRUARY 26, 1940
166
No. 660. George A. Bates, petitioner, v. The United States of
America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit
Court of Appeals for the Seventh Circuit denied.
No. 666. S. L. Cantley, Receiver, etc., petitioner, v. Ernest E. An-
drews et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Circuit Court of Appeals for the Eighth Circuit denied.
No. 676. Atlantic Greyhound Corporation et al., petitioners, v.
Fred M. Lyon et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United
States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Fourth Circuit denied.
No. 204. John T. Kobilkin, petitioner, v. Warren H. Pillsbury,
Deputy Commissioner, etc., et al.;
No. 222. Illinois Central Railroad Company, appellant, v. State
of Minnesota ;
No. 230. Peter J. Carpenter, petitioner, v. Wabash Railway Com-
pany et al.;
No. 601. John G. Ruhlin, Jennie B. Ruhlin, et al., petitioners, v.
New York Life Insurance Company;
No. 603. Jagels, "A Fuel Corporation”, appellant, v. Joseph D.
McGoldrick, Comptroller of the City of New York;
No. 605. Anna May Milar, petitioner, v. Viola M. Burleigh,
Executrix, etc., et al.;
No. 617. J. L. Stewart, petitioner, v. A. F. St. Sure, Judge, etc.;
and
No. 626. France Manufacturing Company, petitioner, v. Jefferson
Electric Company. The petitions for rehearing are denied.
No. 2, original. State of Wisconsin et al., complainants, v. State
of Illinois et al.;
No. 3, original. State of Michigan et al., complainants, v. State of
Illinois et al.; and
No. 4, original. State of New York et al., complainants, v. State of
Illinois et al. Returns to rule to show cause presented.
No. 518. First National Bank of Altoona, Pa., Trustee, etc., peti-
tioner, v. Commissioner of Internal Revenue;
No. 519. Independent Oil Company, petitioner, v. Commissioner
of Internal Revenue;
No. 520. Mrs. C. Rosenfelt, petitioner, v. Commissioner of Internal
Revenue;
No. 521. Mrs. L. Hirsch, petitioner, v. Commissioner of Internal
Revenue;
No. 522. S. M. Cohn, petitioner, v. Commissioner of Internal
Revenue;

MONDAY, FEBRUARY 26, 1940
167
No. 523. H. L. Cohn, petitioner, v. Commissioner of Internal
Revenue;
No. 524. C. N. Cohn, petitioner, v. Commissioner of Internal
Revenue;
No. 525. B. Cohn Trust, petitioner, v. Commissioner of Internal
Revenue; and
No. 526. B. Cohn, petitioner, v. Commissioner of Internal Rev-
enue. On petition for writs of certiorari to the United States Circuit
Court of Appeals for the Third Circuit. Dismissed on motion of
counsel for the petitioners.
No. 527. Guy T. Helvering, Commissioner of Internal Revenue,
petitioner, v. Independent Oil Company;
No. 528. Guy T. Helvering, Commissioner of Internal Revenue,
petitioner, v. Mrs. C. Rosenfelt;
No. 529. Guy T. Helvering, Commissioner of Internal Revenue,
petitioner, v. Mrs. L. Hirsch;
No. 530. Guy T. Helvering, Commissioner of Internal Revenue,
petitioner, v. S. M. Cohn;
No. 531. Guy T. Helvering, Commissioner of Internal Revenue,
petitioner, v. H. L. Cohn;
No. 532. Guy T. Helvering, Commissioner of Internal Revenue,
petitioner, v. C. N. Cohn;
No. 533. Guy T. Helvering, Commissioner of Internal Revenue,
petitioner, v. B. Cohn Trust; and
No. 534. Guy T. Helvering, Commissioner of Internal Revenue,
petitioner, v. B. Cohn. On petition for writs of certiorari to the
United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Third Circuit. Dis-
missed on motion of counsel for the petitioner.
No. 552. Thomas E. Murray, as Receiver, etc., et al., petitioners,
v. The City of New York et al.; and
No. 558. William Roberts, Receiver, etc., petitioner, v. Thomas E.
Murray, as Receiver et al. Motion further to defer consideration of
petitions for writs of certiorari presented.
No.
original. Commonwealth of Pennsylvania, complainant, v.
State of New Jersey et al. Argument on the motion for leave to file
bill of complaint and the returns to the rule to show cause com-
menaced by Mr. William A. Schnader for the complainant. Leave
granted to file response of defendant, State of New Jersey, to rule to
show cause and argument continued by Mr. John W. Ockford for the
defendant, State of New Jersey; by Mr. Egbert Rosecrans for the
individual defendants, Bessie Colburn et al.; and concluded by Mr.
William A. Schnader for the complainant.

MONDAY, FEBRUARY 26, 1940
168
No. 563. Delaware River Joint Toll Bridge Commission, Pennsyl-
vania-New Jersey, petitioner, v. John D. Colburn and Bessie Col-
burn, Argued by Mr. Edward B. Stout for the petitioner and by
Mr. Egbert Rosecrans for the respondents.
No. 10, original, October Term, 1935. State of Wyoming, complain-
ant v. State of Colorado. Argument on the motion for leave to file
petition for rule to show cause and return to rule to show cause
commenced by Mr. Ewing T. Kerr for the complainant and con-
tinued by Mr. Byron G. Rogers for the defendant.
Adjourned until tomorrow at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Tuesday, February 27, will be as follows: Nos. 10,
original, October Term, 1935, 473, 380, 570, 569, 479, 481, 541, 542
(543, 544, and 545), and 514.
✓

TUESDAY, FEBRUARY 27, 1940
169
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: The Chief Justice, Mr. Justice McReynolds, Mr. Justice
Stone, Mr. Justice Roberts, Mr. Justice Black, Mr. Justice Reed, Mr.
Justice Douglas, and Mr. Justice Murphy.
Shirley Stewart, of Port Huron, Mich.; Carl E. Cameron, of Long
Beach, Calif.; Milton D. Korman, of Washington, D. C.; Thos. H.
Cobbs, of Saint Louis, Mo.; Wm. H. Armstrong, of Saint Louis, Mo.;
Clair W. MacLeod, of San Francisco, Calif.; Harvey B. Jacobson,
of Chicago, Ill.; Leonard W. Ferris, of Utica, N. Y.; George P.
Lamb, of Washington, D. C.; W. J. Smith, of Texarkana. Ark.; Wil-
lard H. McEwen, of Toledo, Ohio; Frank William Rose, of Ogden,
Utah; and Josef L. Hektoen, of Chicago, Ill., were admitted to
practice.
No. 10, original, October Term, 1935. State of Wyoming, com-
plainant, v. State of Colorado. Argument on the motion for leave
to file petition for rule to show cause and the return to the rule to
show cause continued by Mr. Byron G. Rogers for the defendant and
concluded by Mr. Ewing T. Kerr for the complainant.
No. 473. Joseph D. McGoldrick, Comptroller of the City of New
York, petitioner, v. Gulf Oil Corporation. Reargued by Mr. Paxton
Blair for the petitioner and by Mr. Matthew S. Gibson for the
respondent.
No. 570. The United States of America, petitioner, v. John C.
Shaw, Administrator, etc. Argued by Mr. Solicitor General Biddle
for the petitioner and by Mr. Eugene F. Black and Mr. Shirley
Stewart for the respondent.
petitioner, v. United
Argued by Mr. Solici-
No. 569. The United States of America,
States Fidelity and Guaranty Company et al.
tor General Biddle for the petitioner and by Mr. Bower Broaddus
and Mr. Julian B. Fite for the respondents.
Adjourned until tomorrow at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Wednesday, February 28, 1940, will be as follows:
479, 481, 541, 542 (543, 544, and 545), 514, 667, 536, 559, 567,
and 579.
181208-40- -62

WEDNESDAY, FEBRUARY 28, 1940
170
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: The Chief Justice, Mr. Justice McReynolds, Mr. Justice
Stone, Mr. Justice Roberts, Mr. Justice Black, Mr. Justice Reed, Mr.
Justice Douglas, and Mr. Justice Murphy.
Geo. D. Brabson, of Washington, D. C.; Gilbert H. Jertberg, of
Fresno, Calif.; and Albert H. Gavit, of Gary, Ind., were admitted to
practice.
No. 479. Guy T. Helvering, Commissioner of Internal Revenue,
petitioner, v. Charles A. Bruun. Argued by Mr. Arnold H. Raum
for the petitioner and by Mr. John H. McEvers for the respondent.
No. 481. Guy A. Thompson, Trustee, Missouri-Illinois Railroad
Company, Debtor, petitioner, v. Magnolia Petroleum Company and
The Ohio Oil Company. Argued by Mr. Thomas T. Railey for the
petitioner and by Mr. Craig Van Meter and Mr. Thomas H. Cobbs
for the respondents.
No. 541. Gertrude Vanderbilt Whitney and Cornelius Vanderbilt,
as Executors, etc., et al., appellants. v. State Tax Commission of the
State of New York. Argument commenced by Mr. Arthur A. Bal-
lantine for the appellants and continued by Mr. Mortimer M. Kassell
for the appellee.
Adjourned until tomorrow at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Thursday, February 29, will be as follows: Nos.
541, 542 (543, 544, and 545), 514, 667, 536, 559, 567, 579, 500,
and 582.
181208-40-63
☑

THURSDAY, FEBRUARY 29, 1940
171
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: The Chief Justice, Mr. Justice McReynolds, Mr. Justice
Stone, Mr. Justice Roberts, Mr. Justice Black, Mr. Justice Reed, Mr.
Justice Douglas, and Mr. Justice Murphy.
Isadore Katz, of Philadelphia, Pa.; A. S. Clay III, of Atlanta, Ga.;
Archie D. Gray, of Houston, Tex.; Robert M. McKee, of Crosbyton,
Tex.; and Earl B. Craig, of San Antonio, Tex., were admitted to
practice.
No. 541. Gertrude Vanderbilt Whitney and Cornelius Vanderbilt,
as Executors, etc., et al. Argument continued by Mr. Mortimer M.
Kassell for the appellee and concluded by Mr. Arthur A. Ballantine
for the appellants.
No. 542. The City of Yonkers, petitioner, v. Walter F. Downey,
Receiver, etc.;
No. 543. John J. Condon, Mayor, et al., petitioners, v. Walter F.
Downey, Receiver, etc.;
No. 544. John J. Condon, Mayor, et al., petitioners, v. Walter F.
Downey, Receiver, etc.; and
No. 545. The City of Yonkers, as
Walter F. Downey, as Receiver, etc.
McAneny and Mr. E. J. Dimock for the
P. Barse for the respondent.
Trustee, etc., petitioner, v.
Argued by Mr. Leonard G.
petitioners and by Mr. George
No. 514. Byron Thornhill, petitioner, v. The State of Alabama.
Argument commenced by Mr. James J. Mayfield for the petitioner;
continued by Mr. William H. Loeb for the respondent; and concluded
by Mr. Joseph A. Padway for the petitioner.
No. 667. John Carlson, appellant, v. The People of the State of
California. Leave granted Laurence W. Carr to file papers and to
appear and present oral argument for the appellee, pro hac vice, on
motion of Mr. Lee Pressman in that behalf. Argument commenced
by Mr. Lee Pressman for the appellant.
Adjourned until tomorrow at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Friday, March 1, will be as follows: Nos. 667,
536, 559, 567, 579, 500, 582, 595, 596, and 597.
Х
181208-40-64

FRIDAY, MARCH 1, 1940
172
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: The Chief Justice, Mr. Justice Stone, Mr. Justice Roberts,
Mr. Justice Black, Mr. Justice Reed, Mr. Justice Douglas, and Mr.
Justice Murphy.
Albert C. Arent, of Rochester, N. Y.; Harland L. Hackbert, of
Chicago, Ill.; John W. Babcock, of Detroit, Mich.; A. E. Later, of
Rigby, Idaho; Frank T. Bow, of Canton, Ohio; W. Reginald Jones,
of Oakland, Calif.; J. Harold Flannery, of West Pittston, Pa.; Irene
Hermann Faust, of Indianapolis, Ind.; William H. Faust, of In-
dianapolis, Ind.; and William H. Faust, Jr., of Indianapolis, Ind.,
were admitted to practice.
No. 667. John Carlson, appellant, v. The People of the State of
California. Leave granted to file brief of Ross W. Swing et al., as
amici curiae, within one week, on motion of Mr. Myer N. Rosengard
in that behalf.
No. 667. John Carlson, appellant, v. The People of the State of
California. Argument continued by Mr. Lee Pressman for the
appellant; by Mr. Laurence W. Carr for the appellee, pro hac vice,
by special leave of Court; and concluded by Mr. Lee Pressman for
the appellant.
No. 536. Ethyl Gasoline Corporation, Earle W. Webb, et al., ap-
pellants, v. The United States of America. Argument commenced
by Mr. Dean G. Acheson for the appellants and continued by Mr.
Assistant Attorney General Arnold for the appellee.
Adjourned until Monday next at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Monday, March 4 will be as follows: Nos. 536,
476 (and 477), 559, 567, 579, 500, 582, 595, 596, and 597.
☑
181208-40- -65

MONDAY, MARCH 4, 1940
173
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: The Chief Justice, Mr. Justice Stone, Mr. Justice Rob-
erts, Mr. Justice Black, Mr. Justice Reed, Mr. Justice Frankfurter,
Mr. Justice Douglas, and Mr. Justice Murphy.
W. Richardson Blair, of Philadelphia, Pa.; Finley J. Gibbs, of
San Jose, Calif.; Peter T. Kourides, of New York City; Charles M.
McCarty, of New York City; John Joseph Williams, Jr., of Sara-
sota, Fla.; Francis C. Dart, of Sarasota, Fla.; Charles Solis Corben,
of New York City; Arthur F. Cole, of Elizabeth, N. J.; Milton
Kramer, of Brooklyn, N. Y.; Joseph A. Fanelli, of New York City;
Foster A. Smith, of West Frankfort, Ill.; Jacob Abramson, of Roch-
ester, N. Y.; Myles F. P. Gibbons, of Scranton, Pa.; Leo John Lam-
berson, of South Bend, Ind.; Clarence Kelsey, of Jersey City, N. J.;
and Herbert C. Smyth, Jr., of New York City, were admitted to
practice.
No. 272. National Licorice Company, petitioner, v. National Labor
Relations Board. On writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit
Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit. Judgment modified as
indicated in the opinion of this Court and as so modified, affirmed,
and cause remanded to the said Circuit Court of Appeals. Opinion
by Mr. Justice Stone. Separate opinion by Mr. Justice Douglas in
which Mr. Justice Black joins. Mr. Justice Murphy took no part in
the consideration or decision of this case.
The Chief Justice announced the following order of the Court:
No. 730. Charles Friedman, appellant, v. Arthur Markendorf,
Chairman, etc., et al. Appeal from the Court of Appeals of the
Commonwealth of Kentucky. Per curiam: The appeal is dismissed
for want of a substantial Federal question. Gardner v. Massa-
chusetts, 305 U. S. 559; Gray v. Connecticut, 159 U. S. 77; Roschen
v. Ward, 279 U. S. 337; Semler v. Dental Examiners, 294 U. S.
608, 611.
The Chief Justice said:
"The other orders of the Court appear upon the list certified by
the Chief Justice and filed with the Clerk and will not be announced
orally."
181208-40--66

MONDAY, MARCH 4, 1940
174
No. 10, original, October Term, 1935. State of Wyoming, com-
plainant, v. State of Colorado. The motion of the State of Wyoming
for leave to file a petition for a rule directing the State of Colorado
to appear and show cause why it should not be adjudged in con-
tempt for the violation of a decree of this Court is granted. The
petition presented is ordered filed, and the State of Colorado is
directed to show cause, as aforesaid, on or before March 25, 1940.
The motion of the State of Colorado that evidence be taken to de-
termine the amount of return flow to the Laramie River from the
diversions at the headgates of the meadowland ditches is denied.
No. -, original. Ex parte James A. Lovvorn, petitioner. The
motion for leave to file petition for writ of habeas corpus is denied.
No., original. Commonwealth of Pennsylvania, complainant, v.
State of New Jersey et al. The motion for leave to file a bill of
complaint is granted and process is ordered to issue returnable
March 25 next.
No. 2, original. The State of Wisconsin et al., complainant, v. The
State of Illinois et al;
No. 3, original. The State of Michigan et al., complainants, v. The
State of Illinois et al.; and
No. 4, original. The State of New York et al., complainants, v. The
State of Illinois et al. The return to the rule to show cause is
received and ordered filed and the cause is assigned for argument
on Monday, March 25 next, on the petition for temporary modifi-
cation of the decree and the return to the rule to show cause.
No. 747. Robert Considine, petitioner, v. Commonwealth of Penn-
sylvania. On petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court
of the State of Pennsylvania. The motion for leave to proceed
further herein in forma pauperis is denied for the reason that the
Court, upon examination of the papers herein submitted, finds no
ground upon which a writ of certiorari should be issued. The peti-
tion for writ of certiorari is therefore also denied.
No. 552. Thomas E. Murray, as Receiver, etc., et al., petitioners, v.
The City of New York et al.; and
No. 558. William Roberts, Receiver, etc., v. Thomas E. Murray, as
Receiver, etc., et al. The motion further to defer consideration of
the petitions for writs of certiorari is granted and consideration is
deferred until May 1 next. The Chief Justice took no part in the
consideration and decision of this application.
No. 713. The United States of America et al., appellants, v. The
American Trucking Associations, Inc., et al.; and

MONDAY, MARCH 4, 1940
175
No. 724. The United States of America et al., appellants, v. Chi-
cago Heights Trucking Co. et al. In these cases probable jurisdiction
is noted.
No. 671. Sontag Chain Stores Co., Ltd., petitioner, v. National Nut
Company of California. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United
States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit granted.
No. 682. J. Steve Anderson, petitioner, v. Guy T. Helvering,
Commissioner of Internal Revenue; and
No. 683. L. H. Prichard, petitioner, v. Guy T. Helvering, Commis-
sioner of Internal Revenue. Petition for writs of certiorari to the
United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Tenth Circuit granted.
No. 690. Minersville School District et al., petitioners, v. Walter
Gobitis, Individually, etc. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Third Circuit
granted.
No. 643. Bentley W. Warren et al., petitioners, v. Howard S.
Palmer et al., etc. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Circuit Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit granted.
No. 674. The United States of America, petitioner, v. Appalachian
Electric Power Company. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Fourth Circuit
granted. The Chief Justice took no part in the consideration and
decision of this application.
No. 678. Greenwood County, petitioner, v. Duke Power Company
et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit
Court of Appeals for the Fourth Circuit denied. Mr. Justice Reed
took no part in the consideration and decision of this application.
No. 637. Compania General de Tabacos de Filipinas, petitioner, v.
Collector of Internal Revenue. Petition for writ of certiorari to
the Supreme Court of the Commonwealth of the Philippines denied.
No. 648. J. L. Winkelman, petitioner, v. Roy G. Allman. Peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of
Appeals for the Ninth Circuit denied.
No. 668. Puget Sound Navigation Company, petitioner, v. The
United States of America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit denied.
No. 680. Rose Packard Shyvers, petitioner, v. The Security-First
National Bank of Los Angeles. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit denied.

MONDAY, MARCH 4, 1940
176
No. 684. Austin Clark, alias Dick Austin, petitioner, v. United
States of America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United
States Court of Appeals for the Third Circuit denied.
No. 688. Lewis R. Pettingill, petitioner, v. Howard B. Fuller.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of
Appeals for the Second Circuit denied.
No. 691. Southern Pacific Company, petitioner, v. Anna Sherman,
as Administratrix, etc. Petition for writ of certiorari to the District
Court of Appeal, First Appellate District, State of California, denied.
No. 374. Honor D. Wilson, petitioner, v. Louisville Joint Stock
Land Bank of Louisville, Kentucky, et al. The motion for leave to
file petition for rehearing is denied.
No. 616. Martin A. Severson, petitioner, v. Hanford Tri-State
Airlines, Inc., et al.;
No. 628. Lottie Stewart and James Stewart, petitioners, v. Capital
Transit Company; and
No. 685. Joseph Murphy, petitioner, v. Warden of Clinton State
Prison at Dannemora, New York. The petitions for rehearing in
these cases are denied.
The Court will take a recess from Monday, March 11 until Monday,
March 25 next.
No. 571. Lloyd N. Cobbledick, Individually, etc., et al., petitioners,
v. The United States of America;
No. 572. A. H. Brawner, Individually, etc., et al., petitioners, v.
The United States of America; and
No. 573. Eugene Palmuth, Individually, etc., et al., petitioners, v.
The United States of America. Mandates ordered to issue forthwith
on motion of Mr. Solicitor General Biddle for the respondent.
No. 562. Frank S. Connor, petitioner, v. The People of the State
of California. Suggestion of a diminution of the record and a motion
for a writ of certiorari in that relation submitted by Mr. Everett
W. Mattoon for the respondent with leave to the petitioner to reply
thereto by Friday next on motion of Mr. H. Thomas Austern for the
petitioner.
No. 417. New World Life Insurance Company, petitioner, v. The
United States. Motion to extend time for filing petition for rehearing
submitted by Mr. Walter E. Barton for the petitioner.

Х
MONDAY, MARCH 4, 1940
177
No. 536. Ethyl Gasoline Corporation et al., appellants, v. The
United States of America. Argument continued by Mr. Assistant
Attorney General Arnold for the appellee and concluded by Mr.
Dean G. Acheson for the appellants.
No. 476. The United States of America, appellant, v. Northern
Pacific Railway Company et al.; and
No. 477. Northern Pacific Railway Company et al., appellants, v.
The United States of America. Six hours allowed for oral argument.
Argument commenced by Mr. Edward F. McClennen for the United
States, continued by Mr. Assistant Attorney General Littell for the
United States, and by Mr. John W. Davis for the Northern Pacific
Railway Company et al.
Adjourned until tomorrow at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Tuesday, March 5 will be as follows: Nos. 476
(and 477), 559, 567, 579, 500, 582, 380, 595, 596, and 597.

TUESDAY, MARCH 5, 1940
178
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: The Chief Justice, Mr. Justice Stone, Mr. Justice Roberts,
Mr. Justice Black, Mr. Justice Reed, Mr. Justice Frankfurter, Mr.
Justice Douglas, and Mr. Justice Murphy.
F. M. Dudley, of Oklahoma City, Okla.; Melvin H. Siegel, of
Knoxville, Tenn.; Jesse Rothman, of New York City; David Han-
over, of Memphis, Tenn.; George Emerson, of Washington, D. C.;
George V. Woodling, of Cleveland, Ohio; Stuart Knowlton Barnes,
of Washington, D. C.; Edward H. Cashion, of Chicago, Ill.; Raoul
Berger, of Chicago, Ill.; Ralph G. Martin, of Columbus, Ohio;
Edgar J. Bernheimer, of New York City; and Sydney J. Schwartz,
of New York City, were admitted to practice.
No. 476. The United States of America, appellant, v. Northern
Pacific Railway Company et al.; and
No. 477. Northern Pacific Railway Company et al., appellants, v.
The United States of America. Argument continued by Mr. John W.
Davis and by Mr. Lorenzo B. da Ponte for the Northern Pacific Rail-
way Company et al. and concluded by Mr. Edward F. McClennen for
the United States.
No. 559. Guy T. Helvering, Commissioner of Internal Revenue,
petitioner, v. Julian Price. Argument commenced by Mr. Richard H.
Demuth for the petitioner and continued by Mr. George D. Brabson
for the respondent.
Adjourned until tomorrow at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Wednesday, March 6, will be as follows: Nos. 559,
567, 579, 500, 582, 380, 595, 596, and 597.
181208-40-67

WEDNESDAY, MARCH 6, 1940
179
Wednesday, March 6, 1940
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: The Chief Justice, Mr. Justice McReynolds, Mr. Justice
Stone, Mr. Justice Roberts, Mr. Justice Black, Mr. Justice Reed, Mr.
Justice Frankfurter, Mr. Justice Douglas, and Mr. Justice Murphy.
Lawrence W. Gunther, of Washington, D. C.; Charles D. Hayes, of
Washington, D. C.; C. Lee Spillers, of Wheeling, W. Va.; Sam
Clammer, of Tulsa, Okla.; Horace Chapman Young, of Washington,
D. C.; George Rose Smith, of Little Rock, Ark.; and Thomas J.
Dodd, Jr., of Vermillion, S. Dak., were admitted to practice.
No. 429. Abraham & Straus, Inc., petitioner, v. Art Metal Works,
Inc.; and
No. 430. Abraham & Straus, Inc., petitioner, v. Art Metal Works,
Inc. Motion for leave to file petition for rehearing submitted by Mr.
Enoch A. Chase for the petitioner.
No. 559. Guy T. Helvering, Commissioner of Internal Revenue,
petitioner, v. Julian Price. Argument continued by Mr. George D.
Brabson for the respondent and concluded by Mr. Richard H. Demuth
for the petitioner.
No. 596. Tradesmens National Bank of Oklahoma City, appel-
lant, v. The Oklahoma Tax Commission. Submitted by Mr. E. A.
Walker for the appellant and by Mr. F. M. Dudley for the appellee.
No. 567. Harry M. Veix, appellant, v. Sixth Ward Building and
Loan Association of Newark, N. J. Argued by Mr. Walter P. Reilly
and Mr. James L. Handford for the appellant, and by Mr. Fred G.
Stickel, Jr., and Mr. Louis J. Cohen for the appellee.
No. 579. Union Joint Stock Land Bank of Detroit, petitioner, v.
Carl Byerly. Argued by Mr. Ralph G. Martin for the petitioner and
by Mr. Elmer McClain and Mr. William Lemke for the respondent.
Adjourned until tomorrow at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Thursday, March 7, will be as follows: Nos. 500,
582, 595, and 597.
✓
181208-40-68

THURSDAY, MARCH 7, 1940
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
180
Present: The Chief Justice, Mr. Justice McReynolds, Mr. Justice
Stone, Mr. Justice Roberts, Mr. Justice Black, Mr. Justice Reed,
Mr. Justice Frankfurter, Mr. Justice Douglas, and Mr. Justice
Murphy.
Milton D. Sapiro, of San Francisco, Calif.; C. Glenn Morris, of
Topeka, Kans.; D. D. Panick, of Little Rock, Ark.; James P. O'Don-
nell, of Herkimer, N. Y.; Ralph E. Becker, of Port Chester, N. Y.;
Sproesser Wynn, of Fort Worth, Tex.; and J. Donald Duncan, of
New York City, were admitted to practice.
No. 500. State of Minnesota, petitioner, v. National Tea Company
et al. Argument commenced by Mr. Matthias N. Orfield for the
petitioner; continued by Mr. Michael J. Doherty for the respondents;
and concluded by Mr. George W. Markham for the petitioner.
No. 582. The People of Puerto Rico, petitioner, v. Rubert Her-
manos, Inc. Argument commenced by Mr. William Cattron Rigby
for the petitioner; continued by Mr. Melvin H. Siegel for the United
States as amicus curiae, by special leave of Court; and by Mr. Henri
Brown for the respondent.
Adjourned until tomorrow at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Friday, March 8, will be as follows: Nos. 582,
595, and 597.
Х
181208-40-69

FRIDAY, MARCH 8, 1940
181
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: The Chief Justice, Mr. Justice McReynolds. Mr. Justice
Stone, Mr. Justice Roberts, Mr. Justice Black, Mr. Justice Reed, Mr.
Justice Frankfurter, Mr. Justice Douglas, and Mr. Justice Murphy.
Victor E. Hillman, of Worcester, Mass.; Arthur E. Voglewede, of
Decatur, Ind.; Charles Cranston Spray, of Chicago, Ill.; Helen P.
Culhane, of Washington, D. C.; Arthur S. Metzger, of Kansas City,
Mo.; J. Franklin Wilson, of Washington, D. C.; Jas. T. Carter, of
Richmond, Va.; Lee R. Grabill, Jr., of Wilmington, Del.; and Wal-
lace E. Davis, of Orlando, Fla., were admitted to practice.
No. 582. The People of Puerto Rico, petitioner, v. Rubert Her-
manos, Inc. Argument continued by Mr. Henri Brown and by Mr.
George M. Wolfson for the respondent, and concluded by Mr. Wil-
liam Cattron Rigby for the petitioner.
No. 595. Kersh Lake Drainage District, etc., et al., petitioners, v.
A. J. Johnson. Argument commenced by Mr. George B. Rose for
the petitioners; continued by Mr. Walter G. Riddick for the re-
spondent; and concluded by Mr. George Rose Smith for the peti-
tioners.
No. 597. The Western Union Telegraph Company, petitioner, v.
Paul Nester and Juan Charles, copartners. Argued by Mr. Francis
Raymond Stark for the petitioner and case submitted by Mr. Earl C.
Demoss for the respondents.
Adjourned until Monday, March 11, next, at 12 o'clock.
181208-40--70

MONDAY, MARCH 11, 1940
182
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: The Chief Justice, Mr. Justice McReynolds, Mr. Justice
Stone, Mr. Justice Roberts, Mr. Justice Black, Mr. Justice Reed,
Mr. Justice Frankfurter, Mr. Justice Douglas, and Mr. Justice
Murphy.
Edw. F. Cavanagh, Jr., of New York City; McKibben Lane, of
Macon, Ga.; Joseph Connolly, of Boston, Mass.; Howard P. Quealy,
of Minneapolis, Minn.; Oliver W. Hammonds, of Oklahoma City,
Okla.; Lawrence Soule Apsey, of Boston, Mass.; G. Burgess Ela, of
Madison, Wis.; J. W. Stone, of Harriman, Tenn.; Jacques M. Schif-
fer, of Saint Thomas, V. I.; Irwin Margulies, of New York City;
Jacob M. Weinstein, of New York City; Lucian Willis Bugbee, Jr.,
of Indianapolis, Ind.; Charles J. Dewey, of Philadelphia, Pa.; Sam-
uel B. Rochkind, of Washington, D. C.; Harry Gottlieb, of Atlantic
City, N. J.; John F. Havlin, of Boston, Mass.; Harry S. Neiwirth,
of Newark, N. J.; David L. Schwartz, of Newark, N. J.; J. Gordon
Mason, of Wilkes-Barre, Pa.; and Walter F. Kaufman, of Lancaster,
Pa., were admitted to practice.
No. 386. The Dickinson Industrial Site, Inc., a corporation, for-
merly The Albert Dickinson Company, petitioner, v. Percy Cowan,
Edgar N. Greenebaum, Walter A. Wade, et al. On writ of certiorari
to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Seventh Cir-
cuit. Judgment affirmed with costs and cause remanded to the Dis-
trict Court of the United States for the Northern District of Illinois..
Opinion by Mr. Justice Douglas.
No. 271. Paramino Lumber Company and Union Insurance So-
| ciety of Canton, Ltd., appellants, v. Wm. A. Marshall, Deputy
Commissioner, Fourteenth Compensation District under the Long-
shoremen's and Harbor Workers' Compensation Act, and John T.
Clark. Appeal from the District Court of the United States for
the Western District of Washington. Judgment affirmed with costs.
Opinion by Mr. Justice Reed. Dissenting: Mr. Justice McReynolds.
Mr. Justice Murphy took no part in the consideration or decision
of this case.
The Chief Justice announced the following orders of the Court:
No. 634. Dave Canty, petitioner, v. The State of Alabama. On
petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of the State of
Alabama. Per curiam: The motion for leave to proceed in forma
pauperis is granted. The petition for writ of certiorari is also
181208-40--71

MONDAY, MARCH 11, 1940
183
granted and the judgment is reversed. Chambers v. Florida, No. 195,
decided February 12, 1940.
No. 664. American Manufacturing Company, petitioner, v. Na-
tional Labor Relations Board. On petition for writ of certiorari
to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Second Cir-
cuit. Per curiam: The petition for writ of certiorari is granted.
Section 2 (g) (3) of the order of the Circuit Court of Appeals is
modified so as to read as follows:
"(3) that the individual contracts of employment entered into
between the respondent and some of its employees were made
by the respondent in violation of the National Labor Relations
Act; and that the respondent will no longer offer, solicit, enter
into, continue, enforce, or attempt to enforce such contracts with
its employees; but this is without prejudice to the assertion by
the employees of any legal rights they may have acquired under
such contracts."
As so modified the order is affirmed. National Licorice Company v.
National Labor Relations Board, No. 272, decided March 4, 1940.
Mr. Justice Black and Mr. Justice Douglas are of the opinion that
the order should be affirmed without modification.
No. 735. Ann F. Gordon and Edmund Gertrude Faison, appel-
lants v. Arthur M. Wirtz, Herman Hachmeister, et al. Appeal from
the Supreme Court of the State of Mississippi. Per curiam: The
motion to dismiss is granted and the appeal is dismissed for want
of jurisdiction. Section 237 (a), Judicial Code, as amended by the
Act of February 13, 1925 (43 Stat. 936, 937). Treating the papers
whereon the appeal was allowed as a petition for writ of certiorari,
as required by section 237 (c) of the Judicial Code (43 Stat. 936,
938), certiorari is denied.
No. 742. Artie F. Arthur, appellant, v. State of Indiana. Appeal
from the Supreme Court of the State of Indiana. Per curiam: The
motion to dismiss is granted and the appeal is dismissed for want of
a substantial Federal question. Hendrick v. Maryland, 235 U. S.
610; Hicklin v. Coney, 290 U. S. 169, 173; Carley & Hamilton v.
Snook, 281 U. S. 66, 72–73.
No. 750. Edgar Brothers Company, appellant, v. T. Grady Head,
State Revenue Commissioner of Georgia. Appeal from the Court
of Appeals of the State of Georgia. Per curiam: The motion to
dismiss is granted and the appeal is dismissed for want of a sub-
stantial Federal question. Underwood Typewriter Co. v. Chamber-
lain, 254 U. S. 113; Bass, Ratcliff & Gretton, Ltd., v. State Tax Com-
mission, 266 U. S. 271; Matson Navigation Co. v. State Board, 297
U. S. 441; Ford Motor Co. v. Beauchamp, 308 U. S. 331.
•

MONDAY, MARCH 11, 1940
The Chief Justice said:
184
"The other orders of the Court appear upon the list certified by
the Chief Justice and filed with the Clerk and will not be announced
orally."
No. 417. New World Life Insurance Company, petitioner, v. The
United States. The motion of petition to extend the time for filing
petition for rehearing is granted and the time is extended to May 1st,
next.
No. 669. George McDonald, petitioner, v. The State of New York.
On petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals of the
State of New York. The motion for leave to proceed further herein
in forma pauperis is denied for the reason that the Court, upon exami-
nation of the papers herein submitted, finds no ground upon which a
writ of certiorari should be issued. The petition for writ of certio-
rari is therefore also denied.
No. 681. Railroad Commission of Texas et al., petitioners, v.
Rowan & Nichols Oil Company. Petition for writ of certiorari to
the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit
granted.
No. 679. William P. Buckner, Jr., et al., petitioners, v. The United
States of America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United
States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit denied.
Mr. Justice Douglas and Mr. Justice Murphy took no part in the
consideration and decision of this application.
No. 725. Edward B. McLean, by his Attorney, etc., et al., peti-
tioners, v. Neil Burkinshaw, Ancillary Committee, etc. The motion
of the guardian ad litem for leave to file brief in opposition to the
petition for writ of certiorari is granted. The petition for writ of
certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the District of
Columbia is denied.
No. 672. Berliner Handels-Gesellschaft, petitioner, v. The United
States. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Claims denied.
No. 692. Southern Pacific Company, petitioner, v. Minnie Weiand,
as Administratrix, etc. Petition for writ of certiorari to the District
Court of Appeals, Third Appellate District, State of California,
denied.
No. 693. Southern Pacific Company, petitioner, v. Ida P. Wood-
ward, Administratrix, etc. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
District Court of Appeals, Third Appellate District, State of Cali-
fornia, denied.
No. 694. Jacob Arbetman, Louis Oppenheimer, et al., etc., peti-
tioners, v. Reconstruction Finance Corporation, et al. Petition for

MONDAY, MARCH 11, 1940
185
writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for
the Seventh Circuit denied.
No. 695. John W. Donald, William Edward Larman, and John R.
Green, petitioners, v. District of Columbia. Petition for writ of
certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the District of
Columbia denied.
No. 696. Ella R. Clarke, petitioner, v. Gold Dust Corporation.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of
Appeals for the Third Circuit denied.
No. 700. J. Rogers Flannery, J. Rogers Flannery, Jr., et al., peti-
tioners, v. Flannery Bolt Company. Petition for writ of certiorari
to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Third Circuit
denied.
No. 701. Leonard L. Barrett, petitioner, v. Henry Morgenthau,
Jr., Secretary of the Treasury, et al. Petition for writ of certiorari
to the United States Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia
denied.
No. 708. Borough of Edgewater, petitioner, v. Hon. Joseph L.
Bodine, Justice of the New Jersey Supreme Court, and Nancy Cox,
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Errors and Appeals
of the State of New Jersey denied.
No. 710. Linea Sud-Americana, Inc., petitioner, v. 7,295.40 Tons
of Linseed and Archer-Daniels-Midland Company. Petition for writ
of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the
Second Circuit denied.
No. 711. Olin R. Holt, petitioner, v. The United States of America.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of
Appeals for the Seventh Circuit denied.
No. 716. Florence E. Vail, Executrix, etc., petitioner, v. County
of Somerset. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court
of the State of New Jersey denied.
No. 723. Employers Liability Assurance Corporation, Ltd., peti-
tioner, v. Aaron Tracey Newton. Petition for writ of certiorari to
the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Fourth Circuit
denied.
No. 429. Abraham & Straus, Inc., petitioner, v. Art Metal Works,
Inc.; and
No. 430. Abraham & Straus, Inc., petitioner, v. Art Metal Works,
Inc. The motion for leave to file petition for rehearing is granted.
The petition for rehearing is denied.
No. 138. Z. M. McCarroll, Commissioner of Revenues of the State
of Arkansas, appellant, v. Dixie Greyhound Line, Inc.;

MONDAY, MARCH 11, 1940
186
No. 193. National Labor Relations Board, petitioner, v. Water-
man Steamship Corporation;
No. 246. Frederick S. Deitrick, Receiver, etc., petitioner, v. Thomas
E. Greaney; and
No. 631. John Parker, petitioner, v. American Society of Mechani-
cal Engineers. The petitions for rehearing in these cases are denied.
Adjourned until Monday, March 25 next at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Monday, March 25, will be as follows: Nos. 152,
426, 427, 588, 592, 593, 380, 587, 632, and 635.

MONDAY, MARCH 25, 1940
187
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: The Chief Justice, Mr. Justice McReynolds, Mr. Justice
Stone, Mr. Justice Roberts, Mr. Justice Black, Mr. Justice Reed, Mr.
Justice Frankfurter, Mr. Justice Douglas, and Mr. Justice Murphy.
Adelaide E. Schlaudecker, of Washington, D. C.; Sophronia May
Hodder, of Washington, D. C.; Timothy F. Cohan, of Albany,
N. Y.; Bessie Phelan, of Allenton, Mo.; Israel Stiefel, of Philadel-
phia, Pa.; Joseph Weintraub, of Philadelphia, Pa.; Francis W.
Cole, of Hartford, Conn.; John C. Parsons, of Hartford, Conn.;
Allen R. Cozier, of Washington, D. C.; H. Emerson Kokjer, of
Wahoo, Nebr.; George B. Bailey, of Newark, N. J.; George A. Piper,
of Lincoln, Nebr.; Walter R. Johnson, of Omaha, Nebr.; J. Ralph
Arnold, of Milwaukee, Wis.; Laurie O. Telfer, of Port Huron,
Mich.; Gordon A. Nicholson of Omaha, Nebr.; Samuel E. Sax, of
Portland, Oreg.; Morton Miller, of New York City; John B.
McGurl, of Minersville, Pa.; Robert F. Wilson, of New York City;
Irving L. Werksman, of Passaic, N. J.; William C. Clausen, of
Aurora, Ill.; Thomas Read, of Shelby, Mich.; D. F. Strickland, of
Mission, Tex.; Isador Grossman, of Cleveland, Ohio; Harold W.
Kennedy, of Los Angeles, Calif.; Abraham Hornstein, of New York
City; George D. Hornstein, of New York City; George W. Barcus,
of Austin, Tex.; Eldon M. Martin, of Chicago, Ill.; and Josh Lee,
of Norman, Okla., were admitted to practice.
No. 596. Tradesmens National Bank of Oklahoma City, appellant,
v. The Oklahoma Tax Commission. Appeal from the Supreme
Court of the State of Oklahoma. Judgment affirmed with costs.
Opinion by Mr. Justice Murphy. Mr. Justice McReynolds took no
part in the consideration or decision of this case.
No. 500. State of Minnesota, petitioner, v. National Tea Company
and Allied Stores Corporation (formerly Hahn Department Stores,
Incorporated). On writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of the
State of Minnesota. Judgment vacated, each party to pay its own
costs in this Court and cause remanded to the said Supreme Court.
for further proceedings. Opinion by Mr. Justice Douglas. Mr. Jus-
tice McReynolds took no part in the decision of this case. Dissenting
opinion by Mr. Chief Justice Hughes in which Mr. Justice Stone
and Mr. Justice Roberts join.
181208-40-72

MONDAY, MARCH 25, 1940
188
No. 6. Inland Waterways Corporation, United States Shipping
Board Merchant Fleet Corporation, et al., petitioners, v. Frederick J.
Young, Receiver of Commercial National Bank of Washington, D. C.
On writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the
District of Columbia. Decree reversed and cause remanded to the
District Court of the United States for the District of Columbia for
further proceedings in conformity with the opinion of this Court.
Opinion by Mr. Justice Frankfurter. Mr. Justice Reed and Mr.
Justice Murphy took no part in the disposition of this case. Dis-
senting opinion by Mr. Justice Roberts in which the Chief Justice
and Mr. Justice McReynolds join.
No. 5. Harry A. Woodring, Secretary of War, and H. A. A. Smith,
General Purchasing Officer and Chief of Washington Office, Panama
Canal, petitioners, v. Justus B. Wardell, Receiver, District National
Bank of Washington, D. C. On writ of certiorari to the United
States Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia. Decree re-
versed and cause remanded to the District Court of the United States:
for the District of Columbia for further proceedings in conformity
with the opinion of this Court. Opinion by Mr. Justice Frankfurter.
Mr. Justice Reed and Mr. Murphy took no part in the disposition
of this case. Dissenting: The Chief Justice, Mr. Justice McReynolds,
and Mr. Justice Roberts.
No. 541. Gertrude Vanderbilt Whitney and Cornelius Vanderbilt,
as Executors etc., et al., appellants, v. State Tax Commission of the
State of New York. Appeal from the Surrogate's Court of the County
of New York, State of New York. Judgment affirmed with costs.
Opinion by Mr. Justice Frankfurter. Dissenting: Mr. Justice Rob-
erts. Mr. Justice McReynolds did not participate in the decision of
this case.
No. 582. The People of Puerto Rico, petitioner, v. Rubert Her-
manos, Inc. On writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court
of Appeals for the First Circuit. Judgment reversed with costs and
cause remanded to the Supreme Court of Puerto Rico for further
proceedings not inconsistent with the opinion of this Court. Opinion
by Mr. Justice Frankfurter. Mr. Justice McReynolds did not par-
ticipate in the decision of this case.
No. 570. The United States of America, petitioner, v. John C.
Shaw, Administrator de bonis non of the estate of Sydney C. Mc-
Louth, deceased. On writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of the
State of Michigan. Judgment reversed and cause remanded to the
said Supreme Court for further proceedings not inconsistent with
the opinion of this Court. Opinion by Mr. Justice Reed. Mr. Justice
McReynolds took no part in the decision of this case.

MONDAY, MARCH 25, 1940
189
No. 569. The United States of America, petitioner, v. United
States Fidelity and Guaranty Company, J. M. Bernardin, Trustee,
etc., et al. On writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court
of Appeals for the Tenth Circuit. Judgment reversed and cause re-
manded to the District Court of the United States for the Eastern
District of Oklahoma for further proceedings in conformity with the
opinion of this Court. Opinion by Mr. Justice Reed. Mr. Justice
McReynolds took no part in the decision of this case.
No. 481. Guy A. Thompson, Trustee, Missouri-Illinois Railroad
Company, Debtor, petitioner, v. Magnolia Petroleum Company and
The Ohio Oil Company. On writ of certiorari to the United States
Circuit Court of Appeals for the Eighth Circuit. Decree reversed
with costs and cause remanded to the District Court of the United
States for the Eastern District of Missouri for further proceedings in
conformity with the opinion of this Court. Opinion by Mr. Justice
Black. Mr. Justice McReynolds took no part in the decision of this
case.
No. 595. Kersh Lake Drainage District, etc., et al., petitioners, v.
A. J. Johnson. On writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of the
State of Arkansas. Decree affirmed with costs. Opinion by Mr.
Justice Black. Mr. Justice McReynolds took no part in the decision
of this case.
No. 479. Guy T. Helvering, Commissioner of Internal Revenue,
petitioner, v. Charles A. Bruun. On writ of certiorari to the United
States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Eighth Circuit. Judgment
reversed and cause remanded to the said Circuit Court of Appeals
for further proceedings in conformity with the opinion of this Court.
Opinion by Mr. Justice Roberts. The Chief Justice concurs in the
result in view of the terms of the stipulation of facts. Mr. Justice
McReynolds took no part in the decision of this case.
No. 499. Federal Communications Commission, petitioner, v.
Sanders Brothers Radio Station. On writ of certiorari to the
United States Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia. Judg-
ment reversed and cause remanded to the said Court of Appeals for
further proceedings in conformity with the opinion of this Court.
Opinion by Mr. Justice Roberts. Mr. Justice McReynolds took no
part in the decision of this case.
No. 473. Joseph D. McGoldrick, Comptroller of the City of New
York, petitioner, v. Gulf Oil Corporation. On writ of certiorari
to the Supreme Court of the State of New York. Judgment affirmed
with costs. Opinion by Mr. Justice Stone. Mr. Justice McReynolds
took no part in the decision of this case.

MONDAY, MARCH 25, 1940
190
No. 44. Joseph D. McGoldrick, Comptroller of the City of New
York, petitioner, v. Compagnie Generale Transatlantique. On writ
of certiorari to the Supreme Court of the State of New York.
Judgment reversed with costs and cause remanded to the said Su-
preme Court for further proceedings not inconsistent with the
opinion of this Court. Opinion by Mr. Justice Stone. Mr. Justice
McReynolds and Mr. Justice Murphy took no part in the considera-
tion or decision of this case.
The Chief Justice and Mr. Justice Roberts concur in part and dis-
sent in part.
No. 536. Ethyl Gasoline Corporation, Earl W. Webb, and John
Coard Taylor, appellants, v. The United States of America. Appeal
from the District Court of the United States for the Southern Dis-
trict of New York. Decree affirmed. Opinion by Mr. Justice
Stone. Mr. Justice McReynolds and Mr. Justice Roberts took no
part in the consideration or decision of this case.
No. 482. Edward Sheldon and Margaret Ayer Barnes, petitioners,
v. Metro-Goldwyn Pictures Corporation, Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer
Distributing Corporation, et al. On writ of certiorari to the United
States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit. Decree
affirmed with costs and cause remanded to the District Court of the
United States for the Southern District of New York. Opinion by
Mr. Chief Justice Hughes. Mr. Justice MeReynolds took no part
in the decision of this case.
No. 559. Guy T. Helvering, Commissioner of Internal Revenue,
petitioner, v. Julian Price. On writ of certiorari to the United
States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Fourth Circuit. Judgment
of the Circuit Court of Appeals reversed and judgment of the Board
of Tax Appeals affirmed. Opinion by Mr. Chief Justice Hughes.
Mr. Justice McReynolds took no part in the decision of this case.
The Chief Justice announced the following orders of the Court:
No. 562. Frank S. Connor, petitioner, v. The People of the State
of California et al. On writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of
the State of California. Per curiam: The motion for a writ of cer-
tiorari to correct a diminution of the record is denied. The motion
to remand is granted, the judgment is vacated and the cause is re-
manded to the Supreme Court of California for further consideration
of the application for habeas corpus.
No. 87. Bob White, petitioner, v. The State of Texas. On peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the Court of Criminal Appeals of the
State of Texas. Per Curiam: The motion for leave to file a petition

MONDAY, MARCH 25, 1940
191
for rehearing is granted, and the petition for rehearing is also
granted. The order entered November 13, 1939 is vacated. The
motion for leave to proceed in forma pauperis is granted. The peti-
tion for writ of certiorari is granted and the judgment is reversed.
Chambers v. Florida, No. 195, decided February 12, 1940; Canty v.
Alabama, No. 634, decided March 11, 1940. The mandate is ordered
to issue forthwith.
No. 698. Perry Frame, petitioner, v. Robert H. Hudspeth, Warden,
United States Penitentiary, Leavenworth, Kansas. On petition for
writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for
the Tenth Circuit. Per curiam: The motion for leave to proceed in
forma pauperis is granted. The petition for certiorari is also granted,
and, upon consent of the Solicitor General, the judgment of the
Circuit Court of Appeals is reversed and the cause remanded to the
District Court for the purpose of making a full inquiry into the
mental status of the petitioner at the time he entered the pleas of
guilty.
No. 463. Andrew B. Berger, as Receiver, etc., petitioner, v. The
Chase National Bank of the City of New York;
No. 464. B. C. Schram, as Receiver, etc., petitioner, v. The Chase
National Bank of the City of New York;
No. 465. Justis S. Wardell, as Receiver, etc., petitioner, v. The
Chase National Bank of the City of New York;
No. 466. Frederick J. Young, Successor to Cary A. Hardee, as
Receiver, etc., petitioner, v. The Chase National Bank of the City
of New York;
No. 467. Otto J. Feucht et al., as Liquidating Trustees, etc., peti-
tioners, v. The Chase National Bank of the City of New York. On
petition for writs of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of
Appeals for the Second Circuit. The petition for writs of certiorari
is granted and the judgments of the Circuit Court of Appeals are
affirmed. Woodring v. Wardell, No. 5, and Inland Waterways Cor-
poration v. Young, No. 6, both this day decided. The Chief Justice,
Mr. Justice McReynolds, and Mr. Justice Roberts dissent. Mr. Jus-
tice Murphy took no part in the consideration or decision of this
cause.
No. 781. J. E. Rayburn et al., appellants, v. W. H. Richardson
et al. Appeal from the Court of Civil Appeals, 5th Supreme Judi-
cial District, State of Texas. Per curiam: The appeal is dismissed
for want of a substantial federal question. Hendrick v. Maryland,
235 U. S. 610; Sproles v. Binford, 286 U. S. 374, 388-389; Hicklin
v. Coney, 290 U. S. 169, 173.
· No. 788. The Green Point Savings Bank, appellant, v. Board of
Zoning Appeals of the Town of Hempstead et al. Appeal from the

MONDAY, MARCH 25, 1940
192
Supreme Court of the State of New York. Per curiam: The motion
to dismiss is granted and the appeal is dismissed for the want of a
properly presented substantial federal question. (1) Cleveland &
Pittsburgh R. R. Co. v. Cleveland, 235 U. S. 50, 53; Hiawassee Power
Co. v. Carolina-Tenn. Co., 252 U. S. 341, 344; White River Co. v.
Arkansas, 279 U. S. 692, 700; (2) Euclid v. Ambler, 272 U. S. 365;
Zahn v. Board of Public Works, 274 U. S. 325; Lewis v. Mayor, 290
U. S. 585.
The Chief Justice said:
"The other orders of the Court appear upon the list certified by
the Chief Justice and filed with the Clerk and will not be announced
orally."
ORDER
IT IS ORDERED that Rule 41 of the Rules of this Court be, and the
same is hereby, amended to read as follows:
"41
66
"JUDGMENTS OF THE COURT OF CLAIMS-PETITIONS FOR REVIEW ON
CERTIORARI
“(See sec. 3 (b) of the Act of February 13, 1925, as amended by the
Act of May 22, 1939)
"1. A petition to this court for a writ of certiorari to review a
judgment of the Court of Claims shall be accompanied by a certified
transcript of the record in that court, consisting of the pleadings,
findings of fact, conclusions of law, judgment and opinion of the
court, and such other parts of the record as are material to the errors
assigned. The petition shall contain a summary and short state-
ment of the matter involved; the relevant parts of statutes involved
(see Rule 27 (f)) ; the questions presented; and the reasons relied
on for the allowance of the writ. Only the questions specifically
brought forward by the petition for writ of certiorari will be con-
sidered. A supporting brief may be annexed to the petition or pre-
sented separately, but it must be direct and concise. (See Rules 26
and 27.) The petition, brief and record shall be filed with the clerk
and forty copies shall be printed under his supervision. The record
shall be printed in the same way and upon the same terms that
records on appeal are required to be printed. The estimated costs of
printing shall be paid within five days after the estimate is furnished
by the clerk and if payment is not so made the petition may be sum-
marily dismissed. When the petition, brief and record are printed
the petitioner shall forthwith serve copies thereof on the respondent,

MONDAY, MARCH 25, 1940
193
or his counsel of record, and shall file with the clerk due proof
thereof.
"2. Within twenty days after the petition, brief and record are
served (unless enlarged by the court, or a justice thereof when the
court is not in session) the respondent may file with the clerk forty
printed copies of an opposing brief, conforming to Rules 26 and 27.
Upon the expiration of that period, or upon an express waiver of
the right to file or the actual filing of such brief in a shorter time,
the petition, briefs and record, shall be distributed by the clerk to
the court for its consideration. (See Rule 38, par. 4 (a).)
"The provision of subdivision (a) of paragraph 3 of Rule 38.
shall apply to briefs in opposition to petitions for writs of certiorari
to review judgments of the Court of Claims.
"3. The same general considerations will control in respect of peti-
tions for writs of certiorari to review judgments of the Court of
Claims as are applied to applications for such writs to other courts.
(See par. 5 of Rule 38.)"
IT IS FURTHER ORDERED that the regulations prescribed by this
Court in reference to appeals from the Court of Claims, appearing
in 210 U. S., appendix, be, and they hereby are, rescinded.
-
-
No. , original. Ex parte Louis E. Simmonds, petitioner; and
No. -, original. Ex parte Henry Long, petitioner. The motions
for leave to file petitions for writs of habeas corpus are denied.
No., original. Ex parte Wallace S. Bransford, petitioner. The
return to the rule to show cause is received and ordered filed. This
cause is set for hearing on Monday, April 22, next, on the motion for
leave to file the petition for writ of mandamus and the return to
the rule to show cause.
No. 621. Edmond L. Viles, petitioner, v. The Prudential Insurance
Company of America. The petition for leave to file an amended
complaint is denied.
No. 329. Henry Russell, Lawrence Miller, Charles Steers, et al.,
etc., petitioners, v. James S. Todd, Joseph R. Work, et al., etc. The
motion to stay the mandate is granted. The motion for an extension
of time within which to file a petition for rehearing is granted and
the time is extended to May 15, next.
No. 584. Crane-Johnson Company, a Corporation of North
Dakota, petitioner, v. Commissioner of Internal Revenue. The mo-
tion for leave to file petition for rehearing is granted. The petition
for rehearing is also granted. The order denying certiorari is
vacated and the petition for writ of certiorari is granted.
No. 739. Harold R. Love, petitioner, v. The United States of
America. On petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Circuit Court of Appeals for the Eighth Circuit. The motion for

MONDAY, MARCH 25, 1940
194
leave to proceed further herein in forma pauperis is denied for the
reason that the Court, upon examination of the papers herein sub-
mitted, finds no ground upon which a writ of certiorari should be
issued. The petition for writ of certiorari is therefore also denied.
No. 699. Mamie A. King, petitioner, v. Realty Mortgage Company,
etc., et al. On petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Circuit Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit. The motion for leave
to proceed further herein in forma pauperis is denied for the reason
that the Court, upon examination of the papers herein submitted,
finds no ground upon which a writ of certiorari should be issued.
The petition for writ of certiorari is therefore also denied. Mr.
Justice Black took no part in the consideration and decision of these
applications.
No. 777. Lewis G. Hines, Secretary of Labor and Industry of the
Commonwealth of Pennsylvania et al., appellants. v. Bernard
Davidowitz and Vincenzo Travaglini; and
No. 804. The Sunshine Anthracite Coal Company, appellant, v.
Homer M. Adkins, as Collector of Internal Revenue for the District
of Arkansas. In these cases probable jurisdiction is noted.
No. 675. The United States of America, petitioner, v. Ashby Oliver
Stewart. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit
Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit granted.
No. 705. The United States, petitioner, v. Emmett F. Dickerson.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Claims granted.
No. 715. The United States of America, petitioner, v. Arlene
Summerlin, as Ancillary Administratrix, etc. Petition for writ of
certiorari to the Supreme Court of the State of Florida granted.
No. 650. The Schriber-Schroth Company, petitioner, v. The Cleve-
land Trust Company, Chrysler Corporation;
No. 651. The Aberdeen Motor Supply Company, petitioner, v. The
Cleveland Trust Company, Chrysler Corporation; and
No. 652. The F. E. Rowe Sales Company, petitioner, v. The Cleve-
land Trust Company, Chrysler Corporation. The motion to con-
sider the petition for writs of certiorari on a reduced number of
copies of the record is granted. The petition for writs of certiorari
to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Sixth Circuit
is granted. Mr. Justice Roberts took no part in the consideration
and decision of these applications.
No. 733. Robert J. Deckert, Roland W. Randal, et al., petitioners,
v. Independence Shares Corporation et al.; and
No. 734. Robert J. Deckert, Roland W. Randal, et al., petitioners,
v. The Pennsylvania Company for Insurance on Lives and Granting
Annuities. Petition for writs of certiorari to the United States Cir-

MONDAY, MARCH 25, 1940
195
cuit Court of Appeals for the Third Circuit granted. Mr. Justice
Douglas took no part in the consideration and decision of this
application.
No. 731. The United States of America, petitioner, v. Standard
Oil Company of California. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit denied.
Mr. Justice Stone took no part in the consideration and decision of
this application.
No. 653. The Cleveland Trust Company, Chrysler Corporation,
petitioner, v. The Schriber-Schroth Company;
No. 654. The Cleveland Trust Company, Chrysler Corporation,
petitioner, v. The Aberdeen Motor Supply Company; and
No. 655. The Cleveland Trust Company, Chrysler Corporation,
petitioner, v. The F. E. Rowe Sales Company. The motion to con-
sider the petition for writs of certiorari on a reduced number of copies
of the record is granted. The petition for writs of certiorari to the
United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Sixth Circuit is
denied. Mr. Justice Roberts took no part in the consideration and
decision of these applications.
No. 718. American Casualty Company of Reading, Pennsylvania,
petitioner, v. Mrs. Hoke C. Windham, Frank Windham, et al. Peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of
Appeals for the Fifth Circuit denied. Mr. Justice Roberts took no
part in the consideration and decision of this application.
No. 722. Charles H. Stewart, Jr., petitioner, v. Commonwealth of
Pennsylvania (City of Jeannette). On consideration of the sugges-
tion of a diminution of the record and motion for a writ of certiorari
in that relation, the motion for a writ of certiorari is denied. The
petition for writ of certiorari to the Mayor's Court, City of Jean-
nette, Commonwealth of Pennsylvania, is denied.
No. 687. Whitney Kernochan, Executor of the will of Frederic
Kernochan, petitioner, v. The United States. Petition for writ of
certiorari to the Court of Claims denied.
No. 697. Benjamin Rubenstein, petitioner, v. The United States
of America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Circuit Court of Appeals for the Third Circuit denied.
No. 702. Glade Candy Company, petitioner, v. Federal Trade
Commission;
No. 703. Shupe-Williams Candy Company, petitioner, v. Federal
Trade Commission; and
No. 704. Ostler Candy Company, petitioner, v. Federal Trade Com-
mission. Petition for writs of certiorari to the United States Circuit
Court of Appeals for the Tenth Circuit denied.
181208-40-73

MONDAY, MARCH 25, 1940
196
No. 706. The Elmwood Corporation, petitioner, v. The United
States of America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United
States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 712. The Banner Machine Company, petitioner, v. C. F.
Routzahn, Collector of Internal Revenue. Petition for writ of certi-
orari to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Sixth
Circuit denied.
No. 717. Harry R. Tatle, petitioner, v. A. C. Schmidt, Trustee in
Bankruptcy of Peacock Food Markets, Inc. Petition for writ of
certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the
Seventh Circuit denied.
No. 736. The Paine & Williams Company, petitioner, v. Baldwin
Rubber Company. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United
States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Sixth Circuit denied.
No. 761. Gulf Oil Corporation, petitioner, v. Joseph D. Mc-
Goldrick, Comptroller of the City of New York. Petition for writ
of certiorari to the Supreme Court of the State of New York denied.
No. 720. W. J. Meredith, petitioner, v. Fred P. Cone et al. Peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of
Appeals for the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 721. Thomas H. Worrell, petitioner, v. The Federal Land
Bank of Baltimore. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme
Court of Appeals of the Commonwealth of Virginia denied.
No. 726. Fleisher Engineering & Construction Co. et al., petition-
ers, v. The United States of America, for the use and benefit of
George S. Hallenbeck, etc. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit
denied.
No. 728. Oscar E. Buder, petitioner, v. The New York Trust Com-
pany. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit
Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit denied.
No. 729. H. Ely Goldsmith, petitioner, v. The United States of
America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit
Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit denied.
No. 737. Union Simplex Train Control Co., Inc., petitioner, v.
General Railway Signal Company. Petition for writ of certiorari to
the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Third Circuit
denied.
No. 741. H. E. Fletcher Company, petitioner, v. National Labor
Relations Board. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Circuit Court of Appeals for the First Circuit denied.
No. 743. North American Accident Insurance Company, petitioner,
v. C. F. Tebbs. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Circuit Court of Appeals for the Tenth Circuit denied.

MONDAY, MARCH 25, 1940
197
No. 744. George E. Eddy, petitioner, v. Reconstruction Finance
Corporation et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United
States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit denied.
No. 745. Ygnacio Sanchez, petitioner, v. The United States of
America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit
Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 746. W. Percy McDonald, Testamentary Guardian, etc., et al.,
petitioners, v. The Mutual Life Insurance Company of New York.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of
Appeals for the Sixth Circuit denied.
No. 751. The United States of America, petitioner, v. Sam B.
Powe, George E. McKenzie, et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to
the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit
denied.
No. 753. Benjamin Wham, Trustee, etc., petitioner, v. Sarah
Martin, Individually, et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
Supreme Court of the State of Illinois denied.
No. 758. Dorothy A. D. Allen, petitioner, v. Commissioner of
Internal Revenue. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United
States Circiut Court of Appeals for the Third Circuit denied.
No. 772. Arthur Summer, petitioner, v. Manufacturers Trust Com-
pany. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit
Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit denied.
No. 775. Hanover Fire Insurance Company, petitioner, v. New-
man's, Inc. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Ciruit Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 784. Marshall Keig, Trustee in Bankruptcy, etc., petitioner, v.
Lake Shore Athletic Club Members' Committee et al. Petition for
writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for
the Seventh Circuit denied.
No. 355. The United States of America, petitioner, v. Moscow
Fire Insurance Company, etc., et al. The petition for rehearing
is denied. It is ordered that the stay against payment by the
Bank of New York & Trust Company (Bank of New York) pur.
suant to the judgment of the Supreme Court of the State of New
York dated August 22, 1934, be, and it hereby is, vacated.
No. 604. Standard Oil Company of California and Henry Fair-
bank et al., petitioners, v. The United States of America. Petition
for rehearing denied. Mr. Justice Stone took no part in the con-
sideration and decision of this application.
No. 666. S. L. Cantley, Receiver, etc., petitioner, v. Ernest E.
Andrews, Catherina Diepenbrock, et al. The motions of Paul M.

MONDAY, MARCH 25, 1940
198
Plunkett and J. B. Faegre for leave to file briefs as amici curiae
are denied. The petition for rehearing is denied.
No. 625. Oscar Getz, James M. Lavine, et al., petitioners, v. The
Baltimore and Ohio Railroad Company et al. The motion for
leave to file a petition for rehearing is denied.
No. 239. Abe Fischer, appellant, v. Pauline Oil & Gas Company;
No. 641. Carnegie-Illinois Steel Corporation et al., petitioners, v.
Cold Metal Process Company;
No. 642. Carnegie-Illinois Steel Corporation et al., petitioners, v.
Cold Metal Process Company;
No. 649. Thomas R. Cox, petitioner, v. Joseph H. Wilson, as
Warden, etc., et al.;
No. 709. In re Edmond C. Fletcher, petitioner; and
No. 723. Employers Liability Assurance Corporation, Ltd., peti-
tioner, v. Aaron Tracey Newton. Petitions for rehearing denied.
No. 713. The United States of America et al., appellants, v. The
American Trucking Associations, Inc., et al. Philip B. Fleming,
Administrator, Wage and Hour Division, United States Department
of Law, substituted as a party appellant herein in the place and
stead of Harold D. Jacobs, resigned, on motion of Mr. Solicitor
General Biddle in that behalf.
No., original. Ex parte Ira J. McCullough et al., petitioners.
Return to rule to show cause presented.
No. 10, original, October Term, 1935. State of Wyoming, com-
plainant, v. State of Colorado. Returns to rule to show cause pre-
sented.
No. 10, original. State of Texas, complainant, v. State of New
Mexico et al. Motion of complainant as to taxation of costs pre-
sented.
No. 13, original. Commonwealth of Pennsylvania, complainant, v.
State of New Jersey. Answers of the defendants presented.
No. 2, original. The State of Wisconsin et al., complainants, v. The
State of Illinois et al.;
No. 3, original. The State of Michigan et al., complainants, v. The
State of Illinois et al. and
No. 4, original. The State of New York et al., complainants, v.
The State of Illinois et al. Argument on the motion of defendant,

Х
MONDAY, MARCH 25, 1940
199
State of Illinois for temporary modification of paragraph 3 of the
decree of April 21, 1930, and the return to the rule to show cause com-
menced by Mr. John E. Cassidy for the defendant, State of Illinois;
continued by Mr. Herbert H. Naujoks for the complainants, State of
Wisconsin et al.; by Mr. Timothy F. Cohan, for the Complainant,
State of New York; by Mr. Thomas J. Herbert for the complainant,
State of Ohio; and by Mr. Montgomery S. Winning for the defend-
ant, State of Illinois.
Adjourned until tomorrow at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Tuesday, March, 26, will be as follows: Nos. 152,
426, 427, 588, 592, 380, 587, 632, 635, and 638.

TUESDAY, MARCH 26, 1940
200
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: The Chief Justice, Mr. Justice McReynolds, Mr. Justice
Stone, Mr. Justice Roberts, Mr. Justice Black. Mr. Justice Reed.
Mr. Justice Frankfurter, Mr. Justice Douglas. and Mr. Justice
Murphy.
Overton Brooks, of Shreveport. La.; Frederick O. McKenzie, of
New York City; Edwin S. Pickett, of New Haven, Conn.; Mary
Tenenbaum, of Atlanta, Ga.: Benjamin E. Jaffe, of Detroit, Mich. :
Joseph Almyk Lieberman, of New York City; Bernard R. Lieber-
man, of New York City; James W. Templeman, of Springfield. Ill.:
Aubrey N. Irwin, of Glendale, Calif.: Albertis S. Harrison. Jr., of
Lawrenceville, Va.; J. C. Thomson, of New York City: Walter D.
Yankauer, of New York City; Harold C. Heiss, of Cleveland, Ohio:
Clarence E. Weisell, of Cleveland. Ohio: Wilbur G. Mitchell, of
Richmond, Va.; George Washington Reilly, of Richmond, Va.:
and Edward Gifford Burke, of Newark, N. J.. were admitted to
practice.
No. 674. The United States of America, petitioner, v. Appalachina
Electric Power Company. Motion of the Commonwealth of Vir-
ginia for leave to intervene as a party respondent submitted by
Mr. Abram P. Staples in that behalf.
No. 2, original. The State of Wisconsin et al., complainants, v. The
State of Illinois et al.:
No. 3, original. The State of Michigan et al., complainants, v. The
State of Illinois et al.; and
No. 4, original. The State of New York et al., complainants, v. The
State of Illinois et al. Argument on the motion of the defendant.
State of Illinois, for a temporary modification of paragraph 3 of the
decree of April 21, 1930, and the return to the rule to show cause
concluded by Mr. Montgomery S. Winning for the defendant, State
of Illinois.
No. 152. Channan Singh, petitioner, v. Edward L. Haff, District
Director of Immigration and Naturalization for the Port of San
Francisco. California. Argued by Mr. Gerard D. Reilly for the
respondent and case submitted by Mr. Marshall B. Woodworth for
the petitioner.
181208-40-74

TUESDAY, MARCH 26, 1940
201
No. 426. Guy T. Helvering, Commissioner of Internal Revenue, pe-
titioner, v. Stephen J. Leonard. Argued by Mr. Arnold Raum for
the petitioner and by Mr. J. Donald Duncan for the respondent.
No. 427. Guy T. Helvering, Commissioner of Internal Revenue, pe-
titioner, v. Alfred C. Fuller. Argued by Mr. Arnold Raum for the
petitioner and by Mr. Francis W. Cole for the respondent.
No. 588. National Labor Relations Board, petitioner, v. Bradford
Dyeing Association (U. S. A.), et al. Argument commenced by Mr.
Charles Fahy for the petitioner.
Adjourned until tomorrow at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Wednesday, March 27, will be as follows: Nos.
588, 592, 380, 587, 632, 635, 638, 613, 662, and 682 (and 683).
×

Х
WEDNESDAY, MARCH 27, 1940
202
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: The Chief Justice, Mr. Justice McReynolds, Mr. Justice
Stone, Mr. Justice Roberts, Mr. Justice Black, Mr. Justice Reed,
Mr. Justice Frankfurter, Mr. Justice Douglas, and Mr. Justice
Murphy.
Thomas J. Bray, of Oskaloosa, Iowa, was admitted to practice.
No. 588. National Labor Relations Board, petitioner, v. Bradford
Dyeing Association (U. S. A.) et al. Argument continued by Mr.
Charles Fahy for the petitioner; by Mr. Harry Parsons Cross for the
respondent, Bradford Dyeing Association; and concluded by Mr.
Charles Fahy for the petitioner; and case submitted by Mr. John
Ferguson for the respondent, B. D. A. Employees Federation, Local
Union No. Sixteen, etc.
No. 592. William H. Osborn, Channing F. MacNeil, et al., appel-
lants, v. Thos. W. Ozlin, William Meade Fletcher, et al. Argued by
Mr. John Lord O'Brian for the appellants and by Mr. Abram P.
Staples for the appellees.
No. 380. Alfred A. Maurer and Marcus W. Myers, Trading as
Maurer & Myers Auto Convoy, appellants, v. William J. Hamilton,
Jr., Secretary of Revenue of the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania,
et al. Reargument commenced by Mr. Sterling G. McNees for the
appellants.
Adjourned until tomorrow at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Thursday, March 28, will be as follows: Nos. 380;
587, 632, 635, 643, 662, 638, 682 (and 683), 719, and 593.
181208-40-75

THURSDAY, MARCH 28, 1940
203
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
The Chief Justice, Mr. Justice McReynolds, Mr. Justice Stone, Mr.
Justice Roberts, Mr. Justice Black, Mr. Justice Reed, Mr. Justice
Frankfurter, Mr. Justice Douglas, and Mr. Justice Murphy.
Charles Auerbach, of Cleveland, Ohio; Francis A. Pallotti, of
Hartford, Conn.; Richard F. Corkey, of New London, Conn.; Charles
W. Dibbell, of New York City; Charles Halsted, of New York City;
and Luke H. Stapleton, of Cheshire, Conn., were admitted to practice.
No. 380. Alfred A. Maurer and Marcus W. Myers, Trading as
Maurer & Myers Auto Convoy, appellants, v. William J. Hamilton,
Jr., Secretary of Revenue of the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania,
et al. Reargument continued by Mr. Sterling G. McNees for the
appellants; by Mr. George W. Keitel for the appellees; and concluded
by Mr. Edmund M. Brady for the appellants.
No. 587. The United States of America, petitioner. v. City and
County of San Francisco, A Municipal Corporation. Argued by Mr.
Assistant Attorney General Littell for the petitioner and by Mr.
Garret W. McEnerney and Mr. John J. O'Toole for the respondent.
Adjourned until tomorrow at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Friday, March 29, will be as follows: Nos. 632,
635, 643, 662, 638, 682 (and 683), 719, and 593.
181208-40--76
Х

FRIDAY, MARCH 29, 1940
204
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: The Chief Justice, Mr. Justice McReynolds, Mr. Justice
Stone, Mr. Justice Roberts, Mr. Justice Black, Mr. Justice Reed,
Mr. Justice Frankfurter, Mr. Justice Douglas, and Mr. Justice
Murphy.
Lewis A. Newsom, of Shreveport, La.; Homer John Micklethwaite,
of Portsmouth, Ohio; Laurence Meredith Kimble, of Portsmouth,
Ohio; Paul E. Troy, of Boston, Mass.; Laurence B. Finn, of Bowling
Green, Ky.; John Noble, Jr., of Boston, Mass.; Albert M. Parker, of
New York City; and Robert C. Dunn, of Toledo, Ohio, were ad-
mitted to practice.
No. 773. Gene McCann, petitioner, v. New York Stock Exchange
et al. Motion for leave to file brief of George W. Kirchwey, as
amicus curiae, submitted by Mr. M. J. Sawyer in that behalf and the
motion denied.
No. 632. Jesse Cantwell, Newton Cantwell, and Russell Cantwell,
appellants; Jesse Cantwell, petitioner, v. The State of Connecticut.
Argued by Mr. Hayden C. Covington for the appellants and peti-
tioner and by Mr. Francis A. Pallotti and Mr. Edwin S. Pickett for
the appellee and respondent.
No. 635. Herbert Tigner, appellant, v. The State of Texas. Ar-
gued by Mr. Charles I. Francis for the appellant and by Mr. George
W. Barcus and Mr. Lloyd Davidson for the appellee.
No. 643. Bentley W. Warren and Charles W. Mulcahy, as Trus-
tees, etc., petitioners, v. Howard S. Palmer et al., etc. Argument
commenced by Mr. Erwin N. Griswold for the petitioners.
Adjourned until Monday next at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Monday, April 1, will be as follows: Nos. 643,
662, 638, 682 (and 683), 719, and 593.
181208-40--77
Х

MONDAY, APRIL 1, 1940
205
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: The Chief Justice, Mr. Justice McReynolds, Mr. Justice
Stone, Mr. Justice Roberts, Mr. Justice Black, Mr. Justice Reed, Mr.
Justice Frankfurter, Mr. Justice Douglas, and Mr. Justice Murphy.
John Moses, of Bismarck, N. Dak.; John R. Curtis, of Gary, Ind.;
John B. Tansil, of Billings, Mont.; Carl D. McGee, of Pawnee, Okla.;
Victor E. Musso, of New York City; Franklin M. Warden, of Chi-
cago, Ill.; Marvin C. Harrison, of Cleveland, Ohio; Joseph Bohrer,
of Newark, N. J.; S. David Coleman, of Los Angeles, Calif.; Matthew
J. Clarke, of Newark, N. J.; and Eli H. Brown III, of Louisville,
Ky., were admitted to practice.
The Chief Justice announced the following orders of the Court:
No. 152. Channan Singh, petitioner, v. Edward L. Haff, District
Director of Immigration and Naturalization for the Port of San
Francisco, California. On writ of certiorari to the United States
Circuit Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit. Per Curiam: The
judgment is affirmed. Low Wah Suey v. Backus, 225 U. S. 460, 468;
Zakonaite v. Wolf, 226 U. S. 272, 275; Bilokumsky v. Tod, 263 U. S.
149, 157.
.
No. 809. The Peoples Gas Light and Coke Company, appellant, v.
William W. Hart et al. Appeal from the Supreme Court of the
State of Illinois. Per curiam: The motion to dismiss is granted and
the appeal is dismissed for the want of a substantial federal question.
Los Angeles Gas Co. v. Railroad Commission, 289 U. S. 287, 304-305;
Lindheimer v. Illinois Tel. Co., 292 U. S. 151, 164; Dayton Power &
Light Co. v. Public Utilities Commission, 292 U. S. 290, 298; Town-
send v. Yeomans, 301 U. S. 441, 450 451.
The Chief Justice said:
"The other orders of the Court appear upon the list certified by
the Chief Justice and filed with the Clerk and will not be announced
orally."
No. 14, original. Ira J. McCullough, Otis J. McCullough, and Ray
Andrade, doing business under the firm name and style of McCul-
lough Tool Co., petitioners, v. Hon. George Cosgrave, Judge, for the
United States District Court, Southern District of California. Per
181208-40-78

MONDAY, APRIL 1, 1940
206
curiam: The motion for leave to file petition for mandamus is granted,
and the return to the order to show cause is treated as an answer to
the petition. The District Judge is directed to vacate the order dated
January 15, 1940, in the cases of Kammerer Corporation and Baash-
Ross Tool Company v. Ira J. McCullough et al., and Ira J. McCul-
lough v. Baash-Ross Tool Company and Kammerer Corporation, re-
ferring these cases to a Master for trial. It is further ordered that
the trial of these cases be had by the District Court in due course
without postponement of the trial to that of other cases not entitled
to a preference, but with such arrangement as to the particular Judge
who shall conduct the trial as may be consistent with the court's
convenience. Rules of Civil Procedure, Rule 53 (b); Los Angeles
Brush Manufacturing Company v. James, 272 U. S. 701.
No.
-
original. Ex parte Glen W. Shafer, petitioner; and
No., original. Ex parte Arthur E. Hansen, petitioner. The
motions for leave to file petitions for writs of habeas corpus are
denied.
No., original. Ex parte J. C. Moore, petitioner. The motion for
leave to file petition for writ of mandamus is denied.
No. 10, original. The State of Texas, complainant, v. The State of
New Mexico et al. The motion of the complainant to apply funds
in the registry of the Court to reimburse El Paso County Water Im-
provement District No. 1 for costs advanced by said District is denied,
and the amount remaining in the registry of the Court is directed
to be paid to the Attorney General of the State for such disposition
as the State may require.
No. 13, original. The Commonwealth of Pennsylvania, complain-
ant, v. State of New Jersey et al. The answers are received and
ordered filed. The cause is set for hearing on the Bill of Complaint
and Answers and assigned for argument on Monday, April 22, next.
No. 785. Elmer Ray Lowman, petitioner, v. The Federal Land
Bank of Louisville, Kentucky, et al. On petition for writ of certio-
rari to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Seventh
Circuit. The motion for leave to proceed further herein in forma
pauperis is denied for the reason that the Court, upon examination
of the papers herein submitted, finds no ground upon which a writ
of certiorari should be issued. The petition for writ of certiorari is
therefore also denied.
No. 674. The United States of America, petitioner, v. Appalachian
Electric Power Company. The motion of the Commonwealth of
Virginia for leave to intervene is denied, with permission to file a
brief and participate in oral argument as amicus curiae. Mr. Chief

MONDAY, APRIL 1, 1940
207
Justice Hughes took no part in the consideration or decision of this
application.
No. 752. Franz J. Borchard and Frieda W. Borchard, petitioners,
v. California Bank and California Trust Company. Petition for
writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for
the Ninth Circuit granted.
No. 770. Milk Wagon Drivers Union Local 753 et al., petitioners,
v. Lake Valley Farm Products, Inc., et al. Petition for writ of
certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the
Seventh Circuit granted.
No. 796. Securities and Exchange Commission, petitioner, v.
United States Realty and Improvement Company. Petition for
writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for
the Second Circuit granted.
No. 732. International Association of Machinists, Tool and Die
Makers Lodge No. 35, etc., petitioners, v. National Labor Relations
Board. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court
of Appeals for the District of Columbia granted.
No. 740. The United States of America, ex rel. Constantinos Kar-
pathiou, petitioner, v. Fred J. Schlotfeldt, District Director of Im-
migration and Naturalization, Chicago District. Petition for writ
of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the
Seventh Circuit denied for the reason that application therefor was
not made within the time provided by law. Section 8(a), Act of
February 13, 1925 (43 Stat. 936, 940).
No. 754. Harry H. Landay, petitioner, v. The United States of
America ;
No. 755. Frank R. Lane, petitioner, v. The United States of
America;
No. 756. Edward A. Attix, petitioner, v. The United States of
America; and
No. 757. Leonard E. Brown, petitioner, v. The United States of
America. Petition for writs of certiorari to the United States Cir-
cuit Court of Appeals for the Sixth Circuit denied. Mr. Justice
Douglas took no part in the consideration and decision of this appli-
cation.
No. 714. The Cuban-American Sugar Company, petitioner, v. The
United States. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Claims
denied.
No. 760. American Employers' Insurance Company, petitioner, v.
Curtis Williams. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States.
Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia denied.

MONDAY, APRIL 1, 1940
208
No. 762. Baltimore & Ohio Railroad Company, petitioner, v. Scott
I. Rader. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Cir-
cuit Court of Appeals for the Seventh Circuit denied.
No. 763. General Motors Acceptance Corporation, petitioner, v.
Ross H. Coller, Trustee in Bankruptcy, etc. Petition for writ of
certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the
Sixth Circuit denied.
No. 764. Poland Union, petitioner, v. First National Bank of Her-
kimer et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Circuit Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit denied.
No. 766. Boesch Manufacturing Company, Inc., et al., petitioners,
v. United States Hat Machinery Corporation. Petition for writ of
certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the
Second Circuit denied.
No. 769. Gloria Laura Morgan Vanderbilt, by Thomas B. Gil-
christ, General Guardian of her property, petitioner, v. Guy T.
Helvering, Commissioner of Internal Revenue. Petition for writ
of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the
Second Circuit denied.
No. 771. Oswald Jaeger Baking Company, petitioner, v. Commis-
sioner of Internal Revenue. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Seventh Circuit
denied.
No. 776. S. C. Loveland, Inc., Owner, etc., et al., petitioners, v.
Pennsylvania Sugar Company. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Fourth Circuit
denied.
No. 798. Franklin Life Insurance Company, petitioner, v. Mrs.
Wiley Hyram Critz. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United
States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 694. Jacob Arbetman, Louis Oppenheimer, et al., petitioners,
v. Reconstruction Finance Corporation et al. Petition for rehearing
denied.
The Court will take a recess from Monday, April 8, until Monday,
April 22, next.
No. 643. Bentley W. Warren and Charles W. Mulcahy, as Trustees
etc., petitioners, v. Howard S. Palmer et al., etc. Argument continued
by Mr. Erwin N. Griswold for the petitioners and concluded by Mr.
Hermon J. Wells for the respondents.

MONDAY, APRIL 1, 1940
209
No. 662. Dampskibsselskabet Dannebrog, Claimant etc., et al., peti-
tioners, v. Signal Oil and Gas Company of California. Argued by
Mr. Lane Summers for the petitioners and Mr. Glenn J. Fairbrook
for the respondent.
No. 638. Apex Hosiery Company, petitioner, v. William Leader
et al. Three hours allowed for oral argument. Argument com-
menced by Mr. Sylvan H. Hirsch for the petitioner and continued by
Mr. Isadore Katz for the respondents.
Adjourned until tomorrow at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Tuesday, April 2, will be as follows: Nos. 638,
682 (and 683), 719, and 593.
☑

K
TUESDAY, APRIL 2, 1940
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
210
Present: The Chief Justice, Mr. Justice McReynolds, Mr. Justice
Stone, Mr. Justice Roberts, Mr. Justice Black, Mr. Justice Reed,
Mr. Justice Frankfurter, Mr. Justice Douglas, and Mr. Justice
Murphy.
Neal Earl Williams, of Fargo, N. Dak.; David Rust Hensley, of
Montgomery City, Mo.; Richard K. Parsell, of New York City;
Gordon C. Willard, of Mountain Lakes, N. J.; Harold Robinson, of
Springfield, Mass.; James A. Davis, of New York City; Leon Quat,
of New York City; and Mary M. Connelly, of Washington, D. C.,
were admitted to practice.
No. 638. Apex Hosiery Company, petitioner, v. William Leader
and American Federation of Full Fashioned Hosiery Workers, etc.
Argument continued by Mr. Isadore Katz for the respondents and
concluded by Mr. Sylvan H. Hirsch for the petitioner.
No. 682. J. Steve Anderson, petitioner, v. Guy T. Helvering, Com-
missioner of Internal Revenue; and
No. 683. L. H. Prichard, petitioner, v. Guy T. Helvering, Commis-
sioner of Internal Revenue. Argued by Mr. Charles H. Garnett
for the petitioners and by Mr. J. Louis Monarch for the respondent.
No. 719. The Colorado National Bank of Denver, appellant, v.
Homer F. Bedford, as Treasurer of the State of Colorado. Argu-
ment commenced by Mr. Walter W. Blood for the appellant.
Adjourned until tomorrow at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Wednesday, April 3, will be as follows: Nos. 719
and 593.
181208-40- -79

WEDNESDAY, APRIL 3, 1940
211
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: The Chief Justice, Mr. Justice McReynolds, Mr. Justice
Stone, Mr. Justice Roberts, Mr. Justice Black, Mr. Justice Reed, Mr.
Justice Frankfurter, Mr. Justice Douglas, and Mr. Justice Murphy.
Iving Spieler, of New York City; Murray L. Crosse, of Wash-
ington, D. C.; George Stephens Knight, of Livingston, Tenn.; Lo-
renzo Thompson Bennett, Jr., of Washington, D. C.; and Paul H.
Fox, of New York City, were admitted to practice.
No. 2, original. State of Wisconsin et al., complainants, v. State of
Illinois et al.;
No. 3, original. State of Michigan, complainant, v. State of Illinois
et al.; and
No. 4, original. State of New York, complainant, v. State of Illi-
nois et al. On motion of the defendant, State of Illinois, for a
temporary modification of the decree of April 21, 1930, and the
return to the rule to show cause. Opinion, per curiam, announced
by Mr. Chief Justice Hughes.
No. 2, original. State of Wisconsin et al., complainants, v. State of
Illinois et al.;
No. 3, original. State of Michigan, complainant, v. State of Illi-
nois et al.; and
No. 4, original. State of New York, complainant, v. State of Illi-
nois et al. Order. Upon consideration of the return of the States
who are complainants in the above-entitled causes to the rule issued
January 29, 1940, requiring them to show cause why the petition of
the State of Illinois for temporary modification of the decree of this
Court entered April 21, 1930, and enlarged May 22, 1933, should not
be granted, and of the argument had thereon.
It is ordered that the petition of the State of Illinois and the return
of the complainant States to the order to show cause be referred to
Monte M. Lemann, Esquire, as a Special Master, with directions and
authority to make summary inquiry and to report to this Court with
all convenient speed with respect to the actual condition of the Illinois
Waterway by reason of the introduction of untreated sewage, and
whether, and to what extent, if any, that condition constitutes an
actual menace to the health of the inhabitants of the complaining
181208-40-80

WEDNESDAY, APRIL 3, 1940
212
communities, and also with respect to the feasibility of remedial
or ameliorating measures available to the State of Illinois without
an increase in the diversion of water from Lake Michigan.
The Special Master is authorized to employ stenographic and
clerical help, to fix times and places for taking evidence, to issue
subpénas to witnesses, including those of his own selection, and to
administer oaths. When the report of the Special Master is filed
the clerk of the Court shall cause the same to be printed. The Special
Master shall be allowed his actual expenses and a reasonable com-
pensation for his services to be fixed hereafter by the Court. The
allowances to him, the compensation paid to his stenographic and
clerical assistants, and the cost of printing his report shall be charged
against and be borne by the parties in such proportions as the Court
hereafter may direct.
If the appointment herein made of a Special Master is not ac-
cepted, or if the place becomes vacant during the recess of the Court,
the Chief Justice shall have authority to make a new designation
which shall have the same effect as if originally made by the Court
herein.
No. 588. National Labor Relations Board, petitioner, v. Bradford
Dyeing Association (U. S. A.) et al. Suggestion of the dissolution of
the Textile Workers Organizing Committee submitted by Mr. George
Maurice Morris on behalf of counsel for the respondent Bradford
Dyeing Association (U. S. A.), with leave to the petitioner to reply
thereto by Monday next, on motion of Mr. Charles Fahy for the
petitioner.
No. 809. The Peoples Gas Light and Coke Company, appellant, v.
William W. Hart et al., etc. Mandate ordered to issue forthwith on
motion of Mr. John A. Kratz on behalf of counsel for the appellant.
No. 719. The Colorado National Bank of Denver, appellant, v.
Homer F. Bedford, as Treasurer of the State of Colorado. Argument
continued by Mr. Walter W. Blood for the appellant; by Mr. George
K. Thomas and Mr. Henry E. Lutz for the appellee; and concluded
by Mr. Walter W. Blood for the appellant.
No. 593. Frances Perkins, Individually and as Secretary of Labor
of the United States, et al., petitioners, v. Lukens Steel Company
et al. Argued by Mr. Solicitor General Biddle for the petitioners and
by Mr. William Clarke Mason for the respondents.
Adjourned until Monday, April 8, at 12 o'clock.
☑

MONDAY, APRIL 8, 1940
213
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: The Chief Justice, Mr. Justice Stone, Mr. Justice Roberts,
Mr. Justice Black, Mr. Justice Reed, Mr. Justice Frankfurter, Mr.
Justice Douglas, and Mr. Justice Murphy.
Ban Davis Clower, of Tyler, Tex.; John D. Shoaff, of Fort Wayne,
Ind.; Edward W. Brockman, of Pine Bluff, Ark.; John C. Kunkel,
of Harrisburg, Pa.; Edgar Walker Cale, of Temple, Tex.; Bailey
Stanton, of Chicago, Ill.; Harry G. Johnson, of Chicago, Ill.; Wil-
liam Sturner, of Washington, D. C.; Paul J. McGough, of Minne-
apolis, Minn.; Wright W. Brooks, of Minneapolis, Minn.; Harry H.
Crane, of Saint Louis, Mo.; John S. Chapman, of Tuckahoe, N. Y.;
Herschel L. Main, of Washington, D. C.; Lowell Glenn Fassett, Jr.,
of Minneapolis, Minn.; Smith W. Brookhart, of Washington, Iowa;
Gerard D. Connolly, of Boston, Mass.; Forrest M. Darrough, of
Tulsa, Okla.; Anna Boyle, of Washington, D. C.; Russell A. Col-
lins, of Newport News, Va.; and Arnold W. Knauth, of New York
City, were admitted to practice.
The Chief Justice announced the following orders of the Court:
No. 767. Guy T. Helvering, Commissioner of Internal Revenue,
petitioner, v. Edson T. Wood, Jr., and Gaylord A. Wood, Trustees,
etc. On petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit
Court of Appeals for the Seventh Circuit. Per curiam: The peti-
tion for writ of certiorari is granted. The judgment is reversed and
the cause is remanded to the Circuit Court of Appeals for further
proceedings. Helvering v. Bruun, No. 479, decided March 25, 1940.
No. 823. A. M. Klemm & Son, appellant, v. The City of Winter
Haven, A. M. Hess, as Mayor etc., et al. Appeal from the Supreme
Court of the State of Florida. Per curiam: The motion to dismiss
is granted and the appeal is dismissed for want of a substantial fed-
eral question. Central Land Co. v. Laidley, 159 U. S. 103, 112;
Patterson v. Colorado, 205 U. S. 454, 460–461; Tidal Oil Co. v.
Flanagan, 263 U. S. 444, 450.
No. 840. Acme Fast Freight, Inc., et al., appellants, v. The United
States of America et al. Appeal from the District Court of the
United States for the Southern District of New York. Per curiam:
The decree is affirmed. Lehigh Valley R. R. Co. v. United States,
243 U. S. 444; Interstate Commerce Commission v. Delaware, Lacka-
181208-40-81

MONDAY, APRIL 8, 1940
214
wanna & Western R. R. Co., 220 U. S. 235; Northern Ry. Co. v.
O'Connor, 232 U. S. 508.
The Chief Justice said:
"The other orders of the Court appear upon the list certified by
the Chief Justice and filed with the Clerk and will not be announced
orally."
,
No. original. Ex parte Robert Considine, petitioner. The
motion for leave to file petition for writ of habeas corpus is denied.
No. 674. The United States of America, petitioner, v. Appalachian
Electric Power Company. The motion of the States of Virginia and
West Virginia for a continuance is granted and the case is assigned
for argument on Monday, October 14, next. The Chief Justice took
no part in the consideration and decision of this application.
No. 773. Gene McCann, petitioner, v. New York Stock Exchange
et al. On petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit
Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit. The motion for leave to
proceed further herein in forma pauperis is denied for the reason
that the Court, upon examination of the papers herein submitted,
finds no ground upon which a writ of certiorari should be issued.
The petition for writ of certiorari is therefore also denied. Mr. Jus-
tice Douglas took no part in the consideration and decision of these
applications.
No. 759. Harry Bridges, petitioner, v. State of California. Peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of the State of Cali-
fornia granted.
No. 783. Guy T. Helvering, Commissioner of Internal Revenue,
petitioner, v. Paul R. G. Horst. Petition for writ of certiorari to
the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit
granted.
No. 799. Hertha J. Sibbach, petitioner, v. Wilson & Company, Inc.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of
Appeals for the Seventh Circuit granted.
No. 813. Montgomery Ward and Company, petitioner, v. Luther
M. Duncan. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Circuit Court of Appeals for the Eighth Circuit granted.
No. 822. The State of Washington on the relation of Columbia
Broadcasting Company, appellant, v. The Superior Court of the
State of Washington for King County et al. Appeal from the Su-
preme Court of the State of Washington. The appeal is dismissed
for want of jurisdiction. Section 237 (a), Judicial Code, as
amended by the Act of February 13, 1925 (43 Stat. 936, 937). Treat-

MONDAY, APRIL 8, 1940
215
ing the papers whereon the appeal was allowed as a petition for
writ of certiorari, as required by section 237 (c) of the Judicial
Code (43 Stat. 936, 938), certiorari is granted.
No. 707. Republic Steel Corporation, petitioner, v. National La-
bor Relations Board et al.; and
No. 787. Central Council of Steel Plants, Northern District, Re-
public Steel Corporation, petitioner, v. National Labor Relations
Board. Petitions for writs of certiorari to the United States Cir-
cuit Court of Appeals for the Third Circuit denied. Mr. Justice
Roberts took no part in the consideration and decision of these
applications.
No. 738. The Lawyers Title Insurance Company, petitioner, v.
Lawyers Title Insurance Corporation. Petition for writ of certiorari
to the United States Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia
denied.
No. 765. L. J. Kelly, F. H. Dolan, and Bax Baxter, et al., peti-
tioners, v. Anaheim First National Bank and J. V. Hogan, Receiver,
Intervenor. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Circuit Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit denied.
No. 786. Clawson & Bals, Inc., petitioner, v. Carter H. Harrison,
Collector of Internal Revenue, etc. Petition for writ of certiorari to
the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Seventh Circuit
denied.
No. 790. Van Camp Milk Company, petitioner, v. John P. Franzel,
Jr., Trustee in Bankruptcy of Van Camp Products Company, et al.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of
Appeals for the Seventh Circuit denied.
No. 794. Jennings A. Snider, petitioner, v. La Verne Moore. Pe-
tition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the District of Columbia denied.
No. 795. The National Electric Signal Company, petitioner, v.
City of Electra and City of Vernon. Petition for writ of certiorari
to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit
denied.
No. 797. Mabel L. Doyle et al., petitioners, v. Mrs. B. F. Loring,
Administratrix, et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United
States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Sixth Circuit denied.
No. 802. American Eagle Fire Insurance Company et al., petition-
ers, v. June W. Gayle et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Sixth Circuit denied.
No. 806. American Steamship Owners Mutual Protection and In-
demnity Association, Inc., petitioner, v. The Export Steamship Cor-
poration and American Export Lines, Inc., et al. Petition for writ

Х
MONDAY, APRIL 8, 1940
216
of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the
Second Circuit denied.
No. 386. The Dickinson Industrial Site, Inc., a Corporation, etc.,
petitioner, v. Percy Cowan, Edgar N. Greenebaum, et al.; and
No. 711. Olin R. Holt, petitioner, v. The United States of Amer-
ica. The petitions for rehearing in these cases are denied.
Adjourned until Monday, April 22, next, at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Monday, April 22, will be as follows: Nos. 13,
original; -, original, Ex parte Bransford; 9, original; 613, 671,
681, 690, 705, 713, and 724.

MONDAY, APRIL 22, 1940
217
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: The Chief Justice, Mr. Justice McReynolds, Mr. Justice
Stone, Mr. Justice Roberts, Mr. Justice Black, Mr. Justice Reed, Mr.
Justice Frankfurter, Mr. Justice Douglas, and Mr. Justice Murphy.
Edward N. Scheiberling. of Albany, N. Y.; Paris T. Houston, of
Harrogate, Tenn.; Bernard D. Cahn, of Chicago, Ill.; Martin Riger,
of New York City; Carl L. Yaeger, of Minneapolis, Minn.; Rex G.
Baker, of Houston, Tex.; James P. Hart. of Austin, Tex.; C. Edward
Leffler, of Saint Louis, Mo.; J. Dean Leffler, of Saint Louis, Mo.;
Sawnie B. Smith. of Edinburg. Tex.; Carl Muskat, of Milwaukee,
Wis. Eugene W. Miller, of San Diego, Calif.; Sebastian Gaeta, of
Wyckoff, N. J.; Dominick F. Pachella, of Hackensack, N. J.: W. O.
Lowe, of Knoxville, Tenn.; Imogen B. Emery, of Cedar Rapids,
Iowa; Churchill M. Buck, of Blytheville, Ark.; D. F. Taylor, of Os-
ceola, Ark.; James R. Tritschler, of Newark. Ohio; Charles S. Evans,
of San Francisco, Calif.; Richard V. Nahabedian, of Detroit, Mich.;
Helena V. O'Brien, of Framingham, Mass.; Miriam C. Sullivan, of
Boston, Mass.; Michael H. Sullivan, of Boston Mass.; Trent McMath,
of Detroit, Mich.; W. T. Saye, of Longview, Tex.; Hewan A.
Lasseter, of Orlando, Fla.; Marvin H. Taylor, of Louisville, Ky.;
Daniel B. Allison, of Baltimore, Md.; Philip Wittenberg, of New
York City; John Mercer Johnson, of Tucson, Ariz.; Roy P. Mona-
han, of New York City; and Norman L. Meyers, of Washington, D. C.,
were admitted to practice.
No. 514. Byron Thornhill, petitioner, v. The State of Alabama.
On writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals of the State of Ala-
bama. Judgment reversed with costs and cause remanded to the said
Court of Appeals for further proceedings not inconsistent with the
opinion of this Court. Opinion by Mr. Justice Murphy. Dissenting:
Mr. Justice McReynolds.
No. 667. John Carlson, appellant, v. The People of the State of
California. Appeal from the Superior Court of Shasta County,
State of California. Judgment reversed with costs and cause re-
manded to the said Superior Court for further proceedings not in-
consistent with the opinion of this Court. Opinion by Mr. Justice
Murphy. Dissenting: Mr. Justice McReynolds.
No. 427. Guy T. Helvering, Commissioner of Internal Revenue,
petitioner, v. Alfred C. Fuller. On writ of certiorari to the United
181208-40- -82

MONDAY, APRIL 22, 1940
218
States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit. Judgment
affirmed and cause remanded to the said Circuit Court of Appeals.
Opinion by Mr. Justice Douglas. Dissenting opinion by Mr. Justice
Reed.
No. 426. Guy T. Helvering, Commissioner of Internal Revenue,
petitioner, v. Stephen J. Leonard. On writ of certiorari to the
United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit.
Judgment reversed and cause remanded to the said Circuit Court of
Appeals. Opinion by Mr. Justice Douglas. Concurring in the re-
sult Mr. Justice Reed. Dissenting: The Chief Justice, Mr. Justice
McReynolds, and Mr. Justice Roberts.
No. 592. William H. Osborn, Channing F. MacNeil, et al., appel-
lants, v. Thos. W. Ozlin, William Meade Fletcher, et al. Appeal
from the District Court of the United States for the Eastern District
of Virginia. Decree affirmed with costs. Opinion by Mr. Justice
Frankfurter. Dissenting opinion by Mr. Justice Roberts in which
the Chief Justice and Mr. Justice McReynolds join.
No. 587. The United States of America, petitioner, v. City and
County of San Francisco, a Municipal Corporation. On writ of cer-
tiorari to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Ninth
Circuit. Decree of the Circuit Court of Appeals reversed and the
decree of the District Court affirmed and cause remanded to the Dis-
trict Court of the United States for the Northern District of Cali-
fornia. Opinion by Mr. Justice Black. Dissenting: Mr. Justice
McReynolds.
No. 567. Harry M. Veix, appellant, v. Sixth Ward Building and
Loan Association of Newark, New Jersey. Appeal from the Su-
preme Court of the State of New Jersey. Judgment affirmed with
costs. Opinion by Mr. Justice Reed. Mr. Justice McReynolds con-
curs in the result.
No. 719. The Colorado National Bank of Denver, appellant, v.
Homer F. Bedford, as Treasurer of the State of Colorado. Appeal
from the Supreme Court of the State of Colorado. Judgment
affirmed with costs. Opinion by Mr. Justice Reed.
No. 579. Union Joint Stock Land Bank of Detroit, petitioner, v.
Carl Byerly. On writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court
of Appeals for the Sixth Circuit. Judgment reversed with costs and
cause remanded to the District Court of the United States for the
Southern District of Ohio for further proceedings in conformity
with the opinion of this Court. Opinion by Mr. Justice Roberts.
Dissenting: Mr. Justice Black, Mr. Justice Douglas, and Mr. Justice
Murphy.
No. 380. Alfred A. Maurer and Marcus W. Myers, Trading as
Maurer & Myers Auto Convoy, appellants, v. William J. Hamilton,

MONDAY, APRIL 22, 1940
219
Jr., Secretary of Revenue of the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania, et
al. Appeal from the Supreme Court of the Commonwealth of Penn-
sylvania. Judgment affirmed with costs. Opinion by Mr. Justice
Stone.
No. 597. The Western Union Telegraph Company, petitioner, v.
Paul Nester and Juan Charles, Co-partners. On writ of certiorari to
the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit.
Judgment reversed with costs and cause remanded to the District
Court of the United States for the Southern District of California for
further proceedings in conformity with the opinion of this Court.
Opinion by Mr. Justice McReynolds.
No. 542. The City of Yonkers, petitioner, v. Walter F. Downey,
Receiver of the First National Bank and Trust Company of Yonkers,
in Liquidation;
No. 543. John J. Condon, Mayor, Gustav W. Klein, Jr., et al., peti-
tioners, v. Walter F. Downey, Receiver of the First National Bank
and Trust Company of Yonkers, in Liquidation;
No. 544. John J. Condon, Mayor, Gustav W. Klein, Jr., et al., peti-
tioners, v. Walter F. Downey, Receiver of the First National Bank
and Trust Company of Yonkers, in Liquidation; and
No. 545. The City of Yonkers, as Trustee etc., petitioner, v. Walter
F. Downey, as Receiver of the First National Bank and Trust Com-
pany of Yonkers, New York. On writs of certiorari to the United
States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit. Judgments
affirmed with costs and cases remanded to the District Court of the
United States for the Southern District of New York. Opinion by
Mr. Justice McReynolds.
No. 10, original, October Term, 1935. State of Wyoming, com-
plainant, v. State of Colorado. On petition for rule to show cause.
Petition denied. Costs to be equally divided. Opinion by Mr. Chief
Justice Hughes.
The Chief Justice announced the following orders of the Court:
No. 768. Guy T. Helvering, Commissioner of Internal Revenue,
petitioner, v. Center Investment Company. On petition for writ of
certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Ninth
Circuit. Per curiam: The petition for writ of certiorari is granted.
The judgment is reversed and the cause is remanded to the Circuit
Court of Appeals with directions to remand to the Board of Tax
Appeals for findings in the light of the principles established in
Helvering v. Bruun, No. 479, decided March 25, 1940, and for find-
ings and decision on the other questions left undetermined by the
Board.
No. 844. State of Florida, ex rel. M. E. Garland, appellant, v. City
of West Palm Beach. Appeal from the Supreme Court of the State

MONDAY, APRIL 22, 1940
220
of Florida. Per Curiam: The appeal is dismissed for the reason
that the judgment of the State Court is based upon a non-federal
ground adequate to support it. Farson, Son & Co. v. Bird, 248 U. S.
268, 271; Doyle v. Atwell, 261 U. S. 590; McCoy v. Shaw, 277 U. S.
302.
No. 845. State of Florida, ex rel. F. C. Yoeman, appellant, v. City
of Sarasota; and
No. 846. State of Florida, ex rel. M. E. Garland, appellant, v. City
of Sarasota. Appeals from the Supreme Court of the State of
Florida. Per curiam: The motions to dismiss are granted and the
appeals are dismissed for the reason that the judgments of the State
Court are based upon a non-federal ground adequate to support them.
Farson, Son & Co. v. Bird, 248 U. S. 268, 271; Doyle v. Atwell, 261
U. S. 590; McCoy v. Shaw, 277 U. S. 302.
No. 836. The Superior Court of the State of California, in and for
the City and County of San Francisco, et al., appellants, v. Ralph
W. Evans, as Building and Loan Commissioner of the State of Cali-
fornia. Appeal from the Supreme Court of the State of California.
Per curiam: The motion to dismiss is granted and the appeal is dis-
missed for the want of a properly presented federal question. God-
chaux Co. v. Estopinal, 251 U. S. 179; Rooker v. Fidelity Trust Co.,
261 U. S. 114, 117; Herndon v. Georgia, 295 U. S. 441, 443.
No. 838. Roy Moon, appellant, v. Floyd F. Jones, as County Clerk
etc.;
No. 862. The Franklin Society for Home Building and Savings,
appellant, v. John J. Bennett, Jr., as Attorney General of the State
of New York, et al. Appeals from the Supreme Court of the State
of New York. Per curiam: The motions to dismiss are granted
and the appeals are dismissed for want of a substantial federal
question. Bell's Gap R. Co. v. Pennsylvania, 134 U. S. 232, 237;
Northwestern Life Ins. Co. v. Wisconsin, 247 U. S. 132, 138–139;
Alward v. Johnson, 282 U. S. 509, 513–514.
The Chief Justice said:
"The other orders of the Court appear upon the list certified by
the Chief Justice and filed with the Clerk and will not be announced
orally."
No. 87. Bob White, petitioner, v. The State of Texas. This cause
is set for May 20, 1940, in order to afford to the State of Texas the
opportunity to present its contentions upon the questions set forth
in subdivisions (e), (f), (g), (h), and (j) of paragraph 4 of its
petition for rehearing. The case will be heard on briefs and oral
argument, or on briefs alone if that is desired, briefs to be filed and
served on or before the date above mentioned.

MONDAY, APRIL 22, 1940
ORDER
221
It is ordered that, pursuant to the provisions of Public Resolution
No. 50, 76th Congress, approved August 10, 1939, there be trans-
ferred $25,000 from the appropriation "Miscellaneous Salaries,
United States Courts, 1940", to the appropriation designated "Sala-
ries, Administrative Office, United States Courts, 1940", and that
$5,000 be transferred from the appropriation "Miscellaneous Salaries,
United States Courts, 1940", to the appropriation designated "Con-
tingent Expenses, Administrative Office, United States Courts, 1940”,
the above amounts to be in addition to amounts heretofore trans-
ferred by order of November 6, 1939.
No.
original. Ex parte Albert Leighton, petitioner. The
motion for leave to file petition for writ of mandamus is denied.
No., original. Ex parte Samuel White, petitioner; and
No. -, original. Ex parte James J. Walsh, petitioner. The
motions for leave to file petitions for writs of habeas corpus are
denied.
-
No. Ex parte E. R. Lindsey, petitioner. Application denied.
No. 818. Edgar Smith, petitioner, v. The State of Texas. The
motion for leave to proceed in forma pauperis is granted. The peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the Court of Criminal Appeals of the
State of Texas is granted.
No. 819. Alice T. Yardley, petitioner, v. Houghton Mifflin Com-
pany, Inc. On petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Circuit Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit. The motion for
leave to proceed further herein in forma pauperis is denied for the
reason that the Court, upon examination of the papers herein sub-
mitted, finds no ground upon which a writ of certiorari should be
issued. The petition for writ of certiorari is therefore also denied.
No. 499. Federal Communications Commission, petitioner, v. San-
ders Brothers Radio Station. The opinion in this case is amended
by inserting the word "financially" between the words "be" and
"injured", in the last line on page 5, and by striking from the opinion
the first full sentence, beginning "In" and ending "remedy", on page
6. The petition for rehearing is denied.
No. 726. Fleisher Engineering & Construction Co. and Joseph A.
Bass, doing business as Joseph A. Bass Co. et al., petitioners, v. The
United States of America, for the use and benefit of George S. Hallen-
beck, etc. The petition for rehearing is granted. The order denying
certiorari is vacated and the petition for writ of certiorari to the
United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit is
granted.

MONDAY, APRIL 22, 1940
222
No. 778. Wilson and Co., Inc., petitioner, v. The United States;
No. 779. Wilson & Co., Inc., of Kansas, petitioner, v. The United
States; and
No. 780. T. M. Sinclair & Company, Limited, petitioner, v. The
United States. Petition for writs of certiorari to the Court of Claims
granted.
No. 789. The Nashville, Chattanooga & St. Louis Railway, peti-
tioner, v. Gordon Browning et al., Constituting the State Board of
Equalization of Tennessee. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
Supreme Court of the State of Tennessee granted.
No. 814. American United Mutual Life Insurance Company, peti-
tioner, v. City of Avon Park, Florida. Petition for writ of certiorari
to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit
granted.
No. 815. Fidelity Union Trust Company, and Minton H. Twinch,
as Executors, etc., et al., petitioners, v. Ethel Adelaide Field. Peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of
Appeals for the Third Circuit granted.
No. 774. Bacardi Corporation of America, petitioner, v. Rafael
Sancho Bonet, Treasurer, and Destileria Serralles, Inc. Petition for
writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for
the First Circuit granted.
No. 782. West India Oil Company (Puerto Rico), petitioner, v.
Rafael Sancho Bonet, Treasurer of Puerto Rico. Petition for writ
of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the
First Circuit granted.
No. 803. Carl A. Hansberry, Nannie L. Hansberry, et al., peti-
tioners, v. Anna M. Lee, Edward L. Govanus, et al. Petition for writ
of certiorari to the Supreme Court of the State of Illinois granted.
No. 825. L. Singer & Sons et al., petitioners, v. Union Pacific Rail-
road Company; and
No. 826. Kansas City, Missouri, petitioner, v. L. Singer & Sons
et al. Petitions for writs of certiorari to the United States Circuit
Court of Appeals for the Eighth Circuit granted.
No. 851. Howard S. Palmer et al., Trustees etc., petitioners, v.
Connecticut Railway & Lighting Company. Petition for writ of cer-
tiorari to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Second
Circuit granted.
No. 748. Missouri-Kansas Pipe Line Company, petitioner, v. Co-
lumbia Gas & Electric Corporation et al.; and
No. 749. Missouri-Kansas Pipe Line Company, petitioner, v. Co-
lumbia Gas & Electric Corporation et al. Petition for writs of cer-
tiorari to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Third

MONDAY, APRIL 22, 1940
223
Circuit denied. Mr. Justice Douglas and Mr. Justice Murphy took
no part in the consideration and decision of this application.
No. 792. C. Franklin Davis, petitioner, v. Securities and Exchange
Commission. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Circuit Court of Appeals for the Seventh Circuit denied. Mr. Justice
Douglas took no part in the consideration and decision of this
application.
No. 793. Orion N. Steelman and Marshall E. Birkins, petitioners,
v. The Wichita Falls and Southern Railway Company. Petition for
writ of certiorari to the District Court of the United States for the
Northern District of Texas denied.
No. 800. James A. Welch and wife, S. E. Welch, petitioners, v.
The United States of America, upon the relation and for the use of
Tennessee Valley Authority; and
No. 801. S. A. Lewis, Joseph N. Lewis, et al., petitioners, v. The
United States of America, upon the relation of and for the use of
Tennessee Valley Authority. Petitions for writs of certiorari to the
United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Sixth Circuit denied.
No. 807. Pet Milk Company, petitioner, v. Blanche Gray. Peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of
Appeals for the Seventh Circuit denied.
No. 811. Harold S. Anderson, petitioner, v. The United States of
America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit
Court of Appeals for the Seventh Circuit denied.
No. 812. Angelo A. Corte, Ernest D. Corte, et al., petitioners, v.
Albert Miller and Company. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 791. John P. Squire Company, petitioner, v. The United
States. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Claims denied.
No. 810. Mildred Reed Scales, joined by James B. Scales, her hus-
band, petitioners, v. The Prudential Insurance Company of America,
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of
Appeals for the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 820. Dale Van Every, petitioner, v. Commissioner of Internal
Revenue. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit
Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit denied.
No. 824. Hartford Accident & Indemnity Company, petitioner, v.
Frank A. Cardillo, Deputy Commissioner, etc., et al. Petition for
writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the
District of Columbia denied.
No. 827. D. P. Osterling, petitioner, v. The Commonwealth Trust
Company of Pittsburgh et al.;

MONDAY, APRIL 22, 1940
224
No. 828. D. P. Osterling, petitioner, v. The Commonwealth Trust
Company of Pittsburgh et al.;
No. 829. D. P. Osterling, petitioner, v. The Commonwealth Trust
Company of Pittsburgh et al.; and
No. 830. D. P. Osterling, petitioner, v. The Commonwealth Trust
Company of Pittsburgh et al. Petition for writs of certiorari to
the Supreme Court of the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania denied.
No. 831. Lowell Trucking Corporation and Bolta Rubber Co.,
Inc., petitioners, v. Niagara Fire Insurance Company. Petition for
writ of certiorari to the Superior Court in and for the County of
Essex, Commonwealth of Massachusetts, denied.
No. 832. Centennial Oil Company, petitioner, v. W. A. Thomas,
Collector of Internal Revenue for the Second Collection District of
Texas. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit
Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 837. The City of York, Nebraska, petitioner, v. Iowa-Ne-
braska Light & Power Company. Petition for writ of certiorari to
the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Eighth Circuit
denied.
No. 855. Bryan Hunt, Administrator of the estate of James Cor-
nell, deceased, et al., petitioners, v. Mrs. Viola Seeley et al. Petition
for writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals
for the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 5. Harry A. Woodring, Secretary of War, et al., petitioners,
v. Justus S. Wardell, Receiver, etc.; and
No. 6. Inland Waterways Corporation et al., petitioners, v. Fred-
erick J. Young, Receiver, etc. Petitions for rehearing denied. Mr.
Justice Reed and Mr. Justice Murphy took no part in the consideration
and decision of these applications.
No. 463. Andrew B. Berger, as Receiver, etc., petitioner, v. The
Chase National Bank of the City of New York;
No. 464. B. C. Schram, as Receiver, etc., petitioner, v. The Chase
National Bank of the City of New York;
No. 465. Justus S. Wardell, as Receiver, etc., petitioner, v. The
Chase National Bank of the City of New York;
No. 466. Frederick J. Young, Successor to Cary A. Hardee, as
Receiver, etc., petitioner, v. The Chase National Bank of the City of
New York; and
No. 467. Otto J. Feucht et al., as Liquidating Trustees, etc., peti-
tioners, v. The Chase National Bank of the City of New York. Peti-
tion for rehearing denied. Mr. Justice Murphy took no part in the
consideration and decision of this application.
No. 595. Kersh Lake Drainage District, etc., et al., petitioners, v.
A. J. Johnson;

MONDAY, APRIL 22, 1940
225
No. 720. W. J. Meredith, petitioner, v. Fred P. Cone et al.;
No. 722. Charles H. Stewart, Jr., petitioner, v. Commonwealth
of Pennsylvania (City of Jeannette); and
No. 761. Gulf Oil Corporation, petitioner, v. Joseph D. McGold-
rick, Comptroller of the City of New York. Petitions for rehearing
denied.
No., original. Ex parte Railroad Commission of Texas et al.,
petitioners. Motion for leave to file petition for writ of mandamus
presented.
No. 552. Thomas E. Murray, as Receiver, etc., petitioner, v. The
City of New York et al.; and
No. 558. William Roberts, as Receiver, etc., petitioner, v. Thomas
E. Murray, as Receiver, et al. Motion further to defer consideration
of petitions for writs of certiorari presented.
No. 13, original. Commonwealth of Pennsylvania, complainant, v.
State of New Jersey et al. Leave granted Mr. Robert B. Meyner to
appear and present oral argument for the defendants, Colburn et al.,
pro hac vice, on motion of Mr. Egbert Rosecrans in that behalf.
Argument commenced by Mr. William A. Schnader for the com-
plainant; continued by Mr. John W. Ockford for the defendant,
State of New Jersey; by Mr. Egbert Rosecrans for the defendants,
Colburn et al.; by Mr. Robert B. Meyner for the defendants, Colburn
et al., pro hac vice, by special leave of Court; and concluded by
Mr. William A. Schnader for the complainant.
Adjourned until tomorrow at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Tuesday, April 23, will be as follows: Nos.
original, Ex parte Bransford; 9, original; 613, 671, 681, 690, 705,
713, 724, and 715.
Х
181208-40---83

TUESDAY, APRIL 23, 1940
226
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: The Chief Justice, Mr. Justice McReynolds, Mr. Justice
Stone, Mr. Justice Roberts, Mr. Justice Black, Mr. Justice Reed, Mr.
Justice Frankfurter, Mr. Justice Douglas, and Mr. Justice Murphy.
Paul L. Anderson, of Rogers, Ark.; J. G. Moore, of Morrilton,
Ark. James C. Dezendorf, of Portland, Oreg.; J. Tweed McMullen,
of Clearwater, Fla.; Albert M. Wiggins, of Pittsburgh, Pa.; Sylvester
Larkin, of Marion, Ohio; Joe Corman, of Houston, Tex.; Arthur D.
Welton, Jr., of Chicago, Ill.; George K. Gardner, of Cambridge,
Mass.; Irving L. Schanzer, of New York City; and Robert V. Danto,
of Detroit, Mich., were admitted to practice.
No., original. Ex Parte Wallace S. Bransford as County Treas-
urer of Pima County, Arizona, and ex-officio Tax Collector, peti-
tioner. Argued on the motion for leave to file petition for writ of
mandamus and the return to the rule to show cause by Mr. Gerald
Jones for the petitioner and by Mr. J. L. Gust for the respondent.
No. 9, original. The State of Arkansas, complainant, v. The State
of Tennessee. Argued on the exceptions of the complainant to the
report of the Special Master by Mr. D. Fred Taylor, Jr., for the
complainant and by Mr. Nat Tipton and Mr. C. M. Buck for the
defendant.
No. 613. The United States of America, petitioner, v. George S.
Bush & Co., Inc. Argument commenced by Mr. Warner W. Gardner
for the petitioner.
Adjourned until tomorrow at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Wednesday, April 24, will be as follows: Nos. 613,
671, 681, 690, 705, 713, 724, 715, 804, and 796.
181208-10-
__84

WEDNESDAY, APRIL 24, 1940
227
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: The Chief Justice, Mr. Justice McReynolds, Mr. Justice
Stone, Mr. Justice Roberts, Mr. Justice Black, Mr. Justice Reed, Mr.
Justice Frankfurter, Mr. Justice Douglas, and Mr. Justice Murphy.
Harry D. Sporkin, of Philadelphia, Pa.; Glenn Parker, of Laramie,
Wyo.; John Cromwell Blocker, of St. Petersburg, Fla.; Asbury Sum-
merlin, of Winter Haven, Fla.; R. Sturgis Ingersoll, of Philadelphia,
Pa.; Charles I. Thompson, of Philadelphia, Pa.; Herman I. Orent-
licher, of Brockton, Mass.; Fred Wallace McConnell, of Washington,
D. C.; Irvin Lechliter, of Washington, D. C.; E. Gardner Prime, of
New York City; Robert F. Irwin, Jr., of Philadelphia, Pa.; George
M. Kevlin, of Philadelphia, Pa.; Oliver Wendell Holmes Hughes, of
Washington, D. C.; and Joseph G. Gorman, of Chicago, Ill., were
admitted to practice.
No. 613. The United States of America, petitioner, v. George S.
Bush & Co., Inc. Argument continued by Mr. Warner W. Gardner
for the petitioner and concluded by Mr. George R. Tuttle for the
respondent.
No. 671. Sontag Chain Stores Co., Ltd., petitioner, v. National
Nut Company of California. Argued by Mr. Guy A. Gladson for
the petitioner and by Mr. Hugh N. Orr for the respondent.
No. 681. Railroad Commission of Texas et al., petitioners, v.
Rowan & Nichols Oil Company. Argument commenced by Mr. James
P. Hart for the petitioners.
Adjourned until tomorrow at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Thursday, April 25, will be as follows: Nos. 681,
690, 705, 713, 724, 715, 804, 796, 752, and 789.
181208-40- -85
"
☑

THURSDAY, APRIL 25, 1940
228
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: The Chief Justice, Mr. Justice McReynolds, Mr. Justice
Stone, Mr. Justice Roberts, Mr. Justice Black, Mr. Justice Reed, Mr.
Justice Frankfurter, Mr. Justice Douglas, and Mr. Justice Murphy.
Lewis D. Thill, of Milwaukee, Wis.; Stephen B. Robinson, of
Washington, D. C.; Irene E. Halpern, of New York City; Albert
B. Griggs, of Washington, D. C.; Harry L. Say, of Sacramento,
Calif.; James Morris Bishop, of Nashville, Tenn.; Frank Ewing, of
New York City; Henry M. Stevenson, of New York City; W. L.
Gates, of Washington, D. C.; William E. Day, of Washington, D. C.;
Ralph A. Stevens, of Portsmouth, Ohio; and Donald M. Duson, of
El Campo, Tex., were admitted to practice.
No. 681. Railroad Commission of Texas et al., petitioners, v.
Rowan & Nichols Oil Company. Argument continued by Mr. James
P. Hart for the petitioners; by Mr. Dan Moody for the respondent;
and concluded by Mr. James P. Hart for the petitioners.
No. 690. Minersville School District et al., petitioners, v. Walter
Gobitis, Individually, et al. Argument commenced by Mr. Joseph
W. Henderson for the petitioners; continued by Mr. Joseph F. Ruth-
erford for the respondents; and concluded by Mr. George K. Gardner
for the respondents.
Adjourned until tomorrow at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Friday, April 26, will be as follows: Nos. 705,
713, 724, 715, 804, 796, 752, and 789.
181208-40-
-86

FRIDAY, APRIL 26, 1940
229
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: The Chief Justice, Mr. Justice McReynolds, Mr. Justice
Stone, Mr. Justice Roberts, Mr. Justice Black, Mr. Justice Reed, Mr.
Justice Frankfurter, Mr. Justice Douglas, and Mr. Justice Murphy.
Paul W. Potter, of West Palm Beach, Fla.; Richard Serviss, of
Oxford, Ohio; Louis J. Messano, of Jersey City, N. J.; Alex. R.
DeSevo, of Jersey City, N. J.; Frank P. McCarthy, of Jersey City,
N. J.; William J. Burke, of Billings, Mont.; Robert E. Plunkett, of
Detroit, Mich.; Thomas W. Henderson, of Los Angeles, Calif.; Rosa-
lie A. Byer, of Milwaukee, Wis.; and William H. Avery, Jr., of
Chicago, Ill., were admitted to practice.
No. 705. The United States, petitioner, v. Emmett F. Dickerson.
Argued by Mr. Assistant Attorney General Shea for the petitioner
and by Mr. Herman J. Galloway for the respondent.
No. 713. The United States of America et al., appellants, v. The
American Trucking Associations, Inc. et al. Argued by Mr. Thomas
E. Harris for the appellants and by Mr. J. Ninian Beall for the
appellees.
No. 724. The United States of America et al., appellants, v.
Chicago Heights Trucking Co. et al. Argument commenced by
Mr. A. H. Feller for the appellants and continued by Mr. John R.
Turney for the appellees.
Adjourned until Monday, next at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Monday, April 29, will be as follows: Nos. 724,
715, 804, 796, 752, and 789.
181208-40-87
X

MONDAY, APRIL 29, 1940
230
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present The Chief Justice, Mr. Justice McReynolds, Mr. Justice
Stone, Mr. Justice Roberts, Mr. Justice Black, Mr. Justice Reed, Mr.
Justice Frankfurter, Mr. Justice Douglas, and Mr. Justice Murphy.
Milton I. Baldinger, of Olyphant, Pa.; William Garbose, of Gard-
ner, Mass.; Carl A. Phillipps, of Washington, D. C.; Gordon B.
Tweedy, of New York City; Young H. Fraser, of Atlanta, Ga.;
Augustus M. Roan, of Atlanta, Ga.; Clinton D. Vernon, of Wash-
ington, D. C.; Wm. S. Shelfer, of Atlanta, Ga.; Ivan J. Hutchens,
of Decatur, Ill.; John A. Dunaway, of Atlanta, Ga.; Walter Lee
Tucker, of Washington, D. C.; Wallace L. Ware, of Los Angeles,
Calif.; Isaac W. Keys, of Corpus Christi, Tex.; Lewis B. Lefkowitz,
of Dallas, Tex.; Hugh Akerman, of Orlando, Fla.; William H. Dial,
of Orlando, Fla.; Stephen Tuhy, Jr., of Washington, D. C.; Lyle L.
Robertson, of Manilla, Iowa; John Edwards Lockwood, of New
York City; John Gaines Hervey, of Philadelphia. Pa.; and George
E. Ray, of Gloucester, Mass., were admitted to practice.
No. 643. Bentley W. Warren and Charles W. Mulcahy, as the
Trustees of the Property of Boston and Providence Railroad Cor-
poration, petitioners, v. Howard S. Palmer et al., as the Trustees of
the Property of the New York, New Haven and Hartford Railroad
Company and Old Colony Railroad Company. On writ of certiorari
to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit.
Judgment affirmed with costs and cause remanded to the District
Court of the United States for the District of Connecticut. Opinion
by Mr. Justice Reed.
No. 593. Frances Perkins, individually and as Secretary of Labor
of the United States, et al., petitioners, v. Lukens Steel Company
et al. On writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the District of Columbia. Judgment of the Court of Appeals
reversed and the judgment of the District Court dismissing the bill
affirmed and cause remanded to the District Court of the United
States for the District of Columbia. Opinion by Mr. Justice Black.
Dissenting: Mr. Justice McReynolds.
181208-40-88

MONDAY, APRIL 29, 1940
231
The Chief Justice announced the following orders of the Court:
No. 879. W. A. Loving and Carrol Loving, a copartnership, appel-
lants, v. The United States of America et al. Appeal from the Dis-
trict Court of the United States for the Western District of Okla-
homa. Per curiam: The judgment is affirmed. McDonald v. Thomp-
son, 305 U. S. 263, 266; United States v. Maher, 307 U. S. 148, 153–
154; Interstate Commerce Commission v. Union Pacific Rd. Co., 222
U. S. 541, 547-548; Los Angeles Switching Case, 234 U. S. 294,
311-312.
No. 881. State of Ohio, ex rel. Frank Jonak, appellant, v. James
A. White, Will T. Blake, and Clarence H. Knisley, as Members of the
Industrial Commission of Ohio. Appeal from the Supreme Court of
the State of Ohio. Per curiam: The motion to dismiss is granted
and the appeal is dismissed for want of a substantial federal ques-
tion. Louisville & Nashville Rd. v. Schmidt, 177 U. S. 230, 236;
Holmes v. Conway, 241 U. S. 624, 631-632; Insurance Co. v. Glidden,
284 U. S. 151, 158; Snyder v. Massachusetts, 291 U. S. 97, 105; Radium
Dial Co. v. Ryan, No. 212, decided October 9, 1939.
The Chief Justice said:
"The other orders of the Court appear upon the list certified by
the Chief Justice and filed with the Clerk and will not be announced
orally."
No. , original. Ex parte John A. Curtis, petitioner. The motion
for leave to file a petition for writ of habeas corpus is denied.
No., original. Ex parte Railroad Commission of Texas et al.,
petitioners. The motion for leave to file a petition for a writ of
mandamus is denied.
No. 552. Thomas E. Murray, as Receiver, etc., et al., petitioners,
v. The City of New York et al.; and
No. 558. William Roberts, Receiver, etc., petitioner, v. Thomas E.
Murray, as Receiver, etc., et al. The motion further to defer con-
sideration of the petitions for writs of certiorari is granted and con-
sideration is deferred until October 7 next. The Chief Justice took
no part in the consideration and decision of this application.
No. 907. Martin J. Bernards and Lena Bernards, petitioners, v.
M. R. Johnson, Catherine Collins, et al. The motion for leave to
proceed in forma pauperis is granted. The petition for writ of
certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the
Ninth Circuit is granted.
No. 854. John M. Moon, petitioner, v. The Union Central Life In-
surance Company et al. On petition for writ of certiorari to the
United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Seventh Circuit;

MONDAY, APRIL 29, 1940
232
No. 880. Harold Harpin, petitioner, v. James A. Johnston, War-
den, United States Penitentiary, Alcatraz, California. On petition
for writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals
for the Ninth Circuit; and
No. 916. Dora Robertson et al., petitioners, v. W. J. Chronister
et al. On petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of
the State of Arkansas. The motions for leave to proceed further
herein in forma pauperis are denied for the reason that the Court,
upon examination of the papers herein submitted, finds no ground
upon which writs of certiorari should be issued. The petitions for
writs of certiorari are therefore also denied.
No. 870. The United States of America, appellant, v. William L.
Hutcheson, George Casper Ottens, et al. In this case probable
jurisdiction is noted. Mr. Justice Murphy took no part in the con-
sideration and decision of this question.
No. 843. Guy T. Helvering, Commissioner of Internal Revenue,
petitioner, v. Walter C. Janney and Pauline F. M. Janney. Petition
for writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals
for the Third Circuit granted. Mr. Justice Roberts took no part in
the consideration and decision of this application.
No. 847. Stern Brothers & Co., petitioner, v. Guy T. Helvering,
Commissioner of Internal Revenue. Petition for writ of certiorari to
the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Eighth Circuit
granted and the case assigned for argument immediately following
No. 675.
No. 805. Township of South Hackensack, in the County of Bergen,
etc., petitioner, v. Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation. Petition
for writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals
for the Third Circuit denied.
No. 808. Irving Knott Baxter, petitioner, v. Emory University
et. al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit
Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 816. Carbon Silk Mill Company, petitioner, v. George R.
Powell and T. McKeen Chidsey, Trustees of Vertex Hosiery Mills,
Inc., Debtor. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Cir-
cuit Court of Appeals for the Third Circuit denied.
No. 841. The Standard Oil Company, petitioner, v. John A. Zan-
gerle, Auditor, etc. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme
Court of the State of Ohio denied.
No. 856. The Norcor Company, petitioner, v. Joseph J. Schmitt.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of
Appeals for the Seventh Circuit denied.

MONDAY, APRIL 29, 1940
233
No. 857. American Life Insurance Company of Alabama, peti-
tioner, v. Mabel E. Hutcheson. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Sixth Circuit denied.
No. 885. The Railroad Credit Corporation, petitioner, v. Southern
Railway Company. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United
States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 712. The Banner Machine Company, petitioner, v. C. F.
Routzahn, Collector of Internal Revenue;
No. 785. Elmer Ray Lowman, petitioner, v. The Federal Land
Bank of Louisville, Kentucky, et al.; and
No. 823. A. M. Klemm & Son, appellant, v. The City of Winter
Haven et al. Petitions for rehearing denied.
ORDER
It is ordered that the call of the docket, except as otherwise directed,
be suspended for the Term upon the conclusion of the argument in
case No. 789, and that the Court will then take a
Monday, May 6.
recess until
No. 724. The United States of America and Interstate Commerce
Commission, appellants, v. Chicago Heights Trucking Co. et al. Ar-
gument continued by Mr. John R. Turney and by Mr. Robert E.
Quirk for the appellees and concluded by Mr. A. H. Feller for the
appellants.
No. 715. The United States of America, petitioner, v. Arlene Sum-
merlin, as Ancillary Administratrix, etc. Argued by Mr. Frederick
Bernays Weiner for the petitioner and by Mr. Asbury Summerlin
for the respondent.
No. 804. The Sunshine Anthracite Coal Company, appellant, v.
Homer M. Adkins, as Collector of Internal Revenue for the District
of Arkansas. Argued by Mr. Henry Adamson for the appellant and
by Mr. Attorney General Jackson for the appellee.
No. 796. Securities and Exchange Commission, petitioner, v.
United States Realty and Improvement Company. Argument com-
menced by Mr. Solicitor General Biddle for the petitioner.
Adjourned until tomorrow at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Tuesday, April 30, will be as follows: Nos. 796,
752, and 789.
×

TUESDAY, APRIL 30, 1940
234
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: The Chief Justice, Mr. Justice McReynolds, Mr. Justice
Stone, Mr. Justice Roberts, Mr. Justice Black, Mr. Justice Reed,
Mr. Justice Frankfurter, Mr. Justice Douglas, and Mr. Justice
Murphy.
Dean Dinwoodey, of Washington, D. C.; Edwin R. Teple, of
Washington, D. C.; William Wilkinson Dent, of Collins, Miss.;
J. Thaddeus Cline, of San Francisco, Calif.; Herbert B. Cohn, of
New York City; and Henry M. Marx, of New York City, were
admitted to practice.
No. 593. Frances Perkins, Individually and as Secretary of Labor
of the United States, et al., petitioners, v. Lukens Steel Company
et al. Motion that the mandate issue forthwith submitted by Mr.
Solicitor General Biddle for the petitioners with leave to the respond-
ents to file an opposition thereto by Thursday next, on motion of
Mr. Wm. Clarke Mason for the respondents.
No. 796. Securities and Exchange Commission, petitioner, v.
United States Realty and Improvement Company. Argument con-
tinued by Mr. Solicitor General Biddle for the petitioner; by Mr.
Joseph M. Hartfield for the respondent; and concluded by Mr. Henry
M. Marx for the respondent.
No. 752. Franz J. Borchard and Frieda W. Borchard, petitioners,
v. California Bank and California Trust Company. Argument com- .
menced by Mr. Lloyd S. Nix for the petitioners; continued by Mr.
Thos. W. Henderson for the respondents; and concluded by Mr.
William Lemke for the petitioners.
No. 789. The Nashville, Chattanooga & St. Louis Railway, peti-
tioner, v. Gordon Browning et al., Constituting the State Board of
Equalization of Tennessee. Argument commenced by Mr. William
H. Swiggart for the petitioner.
Adjourned until tomorrow at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Wednesday, May 1, will be as follows: No. 789.
181208-40-89
X

WEDNESDAY, MAY 1, 1940
235
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
The Chief Justice, Mr. Justice McReynolds, Mr. Justice Stone, Mr.
Justice Roberts, Mr. Justice Black, Mr. Justice Reed, Mr. Justice
Frankfurter, Mr. Justice Douglas, and Mr. Justice Murphy.
Claiborne Lafferty, of Little Rock, Ark.; Jarvis Hunt, of North
Attleboro, Mass.; and Charles H. Leavy, of Spokane, Wash., were
admitted to practice.
No. 789. The Nashville, Chattanooga & St. Louis Railway, peti-
tioner, v. Gordon Browning et al., Constituting the State Board of
Equalization of Tennessee. Argument continued by Mr. William
H. Swiggart for the petitioner; by Mr. W. F. Barry for the re-
spondents; and concluded by Mr. William H. Swiggart for the pe-
titioner.
Adjourned until Monday, May 6 next, at 12 o'clock.
181208-40-90

MONDAY, MAY 6, 1940
236
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: The Chief Justice, Mr. Justice Stone, Mr. Justice Roberts,
Mr. Justice Black, Mr. Justice Reed, Mr. Justice Frankfurter, Mr.
Justice Douglas, and Mr. Justice Murphy.
Donald Gray Slawson, of Grand Rapids, Mich.; Bernard Edwin
Wall, of Bloomington, Ill.; John A. Danaher, of Hartford, Conn.;
James Bradshaw Mintener, of Minneapolis, Minn.; Robert S. Buttles,
of New York City; William C. Warren, Jr., of Buffalo, N. Y.; Clar-
ence W. Hull, of Los Angeles, Calif.; Bartel J. Jonkman, of Grand
Rapids, Mich.; Frederick L. Orum, of Cadiz, Ohio; James Mango,
of Newark, N. J.; Leo L. Weinberg, of Newark, N. J.; Chas. H.
Elston, of Cincinnati, Ohio; Delos J. Needham, of Cleveland, Ohio;
Ephraim L. Marks, of Omaha, Nebr.; Bernard M. Spencer, of
Nebraska City, Nebr.; Jesse L. Brightwell, of Monticello, Mo.; Hanse
H. Hamilton, of New York City; Frank P. Dunnington, Jr., of
Washington, D. C.; James M. Brearley, of Washington, D. C.; Wil-
liam G. Wiles, of Washington, D. C.; Henry Kirk Greer, of New
York City; George C. Wildermuth, of Brooklyn, N. Y.; Charles
Neill, of Brooklyn, N. Y.; Lulu Seifert DeMay, of Detroit, Mich.;
Nathaniel J. Harben, of Marshall, Tex.; Sam W. Campbell, of Min-
neapolis, Minn.; James Stanley Bassett, of Kansas City, Mo.; Paul
Joseph Wimsey, of Chicago, Ill.; Joe B. Tye, of Marshalltown, Iowa;
Merwin F. Ashley, of Boston, Mass.; Samuel Stratton Jennings, Jr.,
of New York City; J. Franklin Garner, Jr., of Lakeland, Fla.;
Mastin E. Geschwind, of Oklahoma City, Okla.; Daniel S. Beeler, of
Rutledge, Tenn.; George G. Shapitric, of Los Angeles, Calif.; Richard
Musenbrock, of Minneapolis, Minn.; Thomas M. Quinn, Jr., of
Indianapolis, Ind.; Albert P. Wheatley, of Washington, D. C.; Carrol
C. Bryan, of New York City; John Adams Hartman, of Windber,
Pa.; John Adams Hartman, Jr., of Windber, Pa.; and Andrew Stone
Hartnett, of Stafford, Kans., were admitted to practice.
No. 346. The United States of America, petitioner, v. Socony-
Vacuum Oil Company, Inc., et al.; and
No. 347. Socony-Vacuum Oil Company, Inc., et al., petitioners, v.
The United States of America. On writs of certiorari to the United
States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Seventh Circuit. Judgment
of the Circuit Court of Appeals reversed and judgment of the District
181208-40-91

MONDAY, MAY 6, 1940
237
Court of the United States for the Western District of Wisconsin
affirmed and cause remanded to said District Court. Opinion by
Mr. Justice Douglas. The Chief Justice and Mr. Justice Murphy
did not participate in the consideration or decision of this case. Dis-
senting opinion by Mr. Justice Roberts in which Mr. Justice Mc-
Reynolds concurs.
No. 635. Herbert Tigner, appellant, v. The State of Texas. Ap-
peal from the Court of Criminal Appeals of the State of Texas.
Judgment affirmed with costs. Opinion by Mr. Justice Frankfurter.
Dissenting: Mr. Justice McReynolds.
The Chief Justice announced the following orders of the Court:
No. 915. Southern Service Company, Ltd., appellant, v. County of
Los Angeles and City of Los Angeles. Appeal from the Supreme
Court of the State of California. Per Curiam: The motion to dis-
miss is granted and the appeal is dismissed for the want of a sub-
stantial federal question. (1) Graham & Foster v. Goodcell, 282
U. S. 409, 429-430; Eitel v. Toman. 308 U. S. 505; Sears, Roebuck
& Co. v. Toman, 308 U. S. 505. (2) Ohio Oil Co. v. Conway, 281
U. S. 146, 159; Railroad Co. v. Commissioners, 98 U. S. 5+1, 543–544;
Chesebrough v. United States, 192 U. S. 253, 259–260.
No. 921. B. J. Wynne, A. M. Lockett & Company, Ltd., et al., ap-
pellants, v. The State of Texas. Appeal from the Supreme Court of
the State of Texas. Per curiam: The appeal is dismissed for the want
of a substantial federal question. Hodge v. Muscatine County, 196
U. S. 276.
The Chief Justice said:
"The other orders of the Court appear upon the list certified by the
Chief Justice and filed with the Clerk and will not be announced
orally."
No. 930. Railroad Commission of Texas et al., appellants, v.
Humble Oil and Refining Company. Motion for stay. The enforce-
ment of the injunction is stayed until action upon the statement as
to jurisdiction.
No., original. Ex parte W. J. Meredith et al., petitioners.
The motion for a temporary restraining order pending the motion
for leave to file a petition for a writ of mandamus, presented to Mr.
Justice Frankfurter and referred by him to the Court, is denied.
No., original. Ex parte R. L. Scott, petitioner. The motion for
leave to file a petition for writ of mandamus is denied.

MONDAY, MAY 6, 1940
238
No. 593. Frances Perkins, Individually, etc., et al., petitioners. v.
Lukens Steel Company et al. The motion that the mandate issue
forthwith is denied.
No. 821. James M. Wright, petitioner, v. First Joint Stock Land
Bank of Fort Wayne, Indiana et al. On petition for writ of certio-
rari to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Seventh
Circuit;
No. 848. William C. Crockett, petitioner, v. James A. Johnston,
Warden, etc. On petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Circuit Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit;
No. 937. Thaddeus Deatherage and Louis Deatherage, petitioners,
v. Clyde I. Plummer, Warden, Folsom Prison et al. On petition for
writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of the State of California:
and
No. 964. Walter H. Rhodes, petitioner, v. The State of Iowa. On
petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of the State of
Iowa. The motions for leave to proceed further herein in forma
pauperis are denied for the reason that the Court, upon examination
of the papers herein submitted, finds no ground upon which writs
of certiorari should be issued. The petitions for writs of certiorari
are therefore also denied.
No. 905. The United States of America, appellant, v. May Harris,
alias Kitty Harris; and
No. 906. The United States of America, appellant, v. Marie Kenny,
alias Marie Rickert, alias Mae Kelly. In these cases probable juris-
diction is noted.
No. 864. Federal Communications Commission, petitioner, v. Co-
lumbia Broadcasting System of California, Inc. Petition for writ
of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the District
of Columbia granted.
No. 865. Federal Communications Commission, petitioner, v. The
Associated Broadcasters. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
United States Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia granted.
No. 867. C. E. Stevens Company et al., petitioners, v. Foster &
Kleiser Co. et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Circuit Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit granted and the case
assigned for argument immediately following No. 870.
No. 888. Charles Peyton West and Maurice John West, petitioners,
v. American Telephone and Telegraph Company; and
No. 889. Charles Peyton West and Maurice John West, petitioners,
v. American Telephone and Telegraph Company. Petition for writs
of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the

MONDAY, MAY 6, 1940
239
Sixth Circuit granted and cases assigned for argument immediately
following No. 815.
No. 871. Charles T. Fisher and Sarah W. Fisher, petitioners, v.
Commissioner of Internal Revenue. Petition for writ of certiorari
to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Sixth Circuit
denied. Mr. Justice Murphy took no part in the consideration and
decision of this application.
No. 882. Julian W. Fretwell, petitioner, v. Gillette Safety Razor
Company. The motion to proceed on typewritten papers is granted.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of
Appeals for the Fourth Circuit denied.
No. 817. British-American Tobacco Company, Ltd., petitioner, v.
The United States. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of
Claims denied.
No. 834. Colorado Serum Co., petitioner, v. Commissioner of In-
ternal Revenue. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Circuit Court of Appeals for the Tenth Circuit denied.
No. 850. Southwestern Serum Company, petitioner, v. Commis-
sioner of Internal Revenue. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Tenth Circuit denied.
No. 842. National Federation of Railway Workers, petitioner, v.
National Mediation Board et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to
the United States Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia
denied.
No. 849. Marguerite Hubbard, petitioner, v. Matson Navigation
Co. et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the District Court of
Appeal, 1st Appellate District, State of California, denied.
No. 852. Mrs. Bess T. Orendorf et al., petitioners, v. Fayette
Farms, Inc., et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United
States Court of Appeals for the Sixth Circuit denied.
No. 858. Robert Barbour, petitioner, v. Commissioner of Internal
Revenue. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit
Court of Appeals for the Third Circuit denied.
No. 859. Ben Rebhuhn, Ann Rebhuhn, and Ben Raeburn, peti-
tioners, v. The United States of America. Petition for writ of cer-
tiorari to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Second
Circuit denied.
No. 860. E. M. Williams, Administrator of the Estate of Marshall
H. Williams, petitioner, v. The United States of America. Petition
for writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals
for the Sixth Circuit denied.

MONDAY, MAY 6, 1940
240
No. 866. Texas Natural Gas Utilities, petitioner, v. City of El
Campo, Texas, et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of
Civil Appeals, 1st Supreme Judicial District, State of Texas, denied.
No. 869. Lawrence Ellis Walton, petitioner, v. Sutton & Company,
Inc. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Ap-
peals of the State of Virginia denied.
No. 878. Metropolitan Life Insurance Company, petitioner, v.
The United States of America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Sixth Circuit denied.
No. 884. The Good Coal Company, petitioner, v. National Labor
Relations Board. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Circuit Court of Appeals for the Sixth Circuit denied.
No. 773. Gene McCann, petitioner, v. New York Stock Exchange
et al. Petition for rehearing denied.
ORDER
The Court will take a recess from today until Monday, May 20;
from that day until Monday, May 27, and from that day until Mon-
day, June 3, upon which day it will adjourn for the term unless
otherwise ordered.
No motions, except motions for admission to practice, will be
received after the session next before the date fixed for adjournment
of the term.
No.
-, original. Ex parte W. J. Meredith et al., petitioners. Mo-
tion for leave to file petition for writ of mandamus presented.
Adjourned until Monday, May 20, at 12 o'clock.

241
Monday, May 20, 1940
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: The Chief Justice, Mr. Justice McReynolds, Mr. Justice
Stone, Mr. Justice Roberts, Mr. Justice Black, Mr. Justice Reed, Mr.
Justice Frankfurter, Mr. Justice Douglas, and Mr. Justice Murphy.
John T. M. Reddan, of Washington, D. C.; James P. O'Brien, of
Washington, D. C.; Charles R. Cabrera, of San Francisco, Calif.; C.
Girard Davidson, of Lafayette, La.; Maurice W. Hibschman, of
Washington, D. C.; H. Nathan Swaim, of Indianapolis, Ind.;
Charles Eugene Raymond, of Portland, Oreg.; Gilbert Shake, of
Vincennes, Ind.; Curtis G. Shake, of Vincennes, Ind.; Roy L. Walker,
of Lampasas, Tex.; Cooper K. Ragan, of Houston, Tex.; Frank M.
Mayfield, of Lexington, Mo.; G. Henry Tyne, of Nashville, Tenn.;
John Lacey Reynolds, of Nashville, Tenn.; Hyman Copins, of Bos-
ton, Mass.; David Kammerman, of Wethersfield, Conn.; Oliver C.
Aldreich, of Edinburg, Tex.; Gregory P. Maushart, of Los Banos,
Calif.; Walter S. Alt, of Saint Louis, Mo.; Edmund S. Ruffin, Jr.,
of Pittsburgh, Pa.; Carleton M. Crick, of Pittsburgh, Pa.; Morris
Lavine, of Los Angeles, Calif.; Wm. J. Fanning, of Sulphur Springs,
Tex.; Virgil D. Willis, of Harrison, Ark.; Charles Alexander Mc-
Cabe, of Pomeroy, Wash.; Henry Barrett Chamberlin, of Chicago,
Ill.; F. S. K. Whittaker, of Houston, Tex.; John F. Woods, of New
York City; Wallace H. Martin, of New York City; Robert J. Pat-
terson, of Washington, D. C.; Thomas A. Courtney, of Washington,
D. C.; Francis Riggs Cawley, of Washington, D. C.; John R. Kistner,
of Cleveland, Ohio; Myron C. Cramer, of Washington, D. C.; Leo
Resnick, of McAlester, Okla.; Lenore D. Underwood, of San Fran-
cisco, Calif.; Michael Havran, of East Chicago, Ind.; Milton Jacobs,
of New York City; Robert B. Mullaney, of Chicago, Ill.; Joseph V.
Kline, of New York City; Hiram Claire Bond, of Lansing, Mich.;
William R. Consedine, of Washington, D. C.; Lester M. Levin, of
New York City; Robert H. Davison, of Boston, Mass.; Samuel James
Gerson, of Dayton, Ohio; Eldon Ferdinand Hoerner, of Dayton,
Ohio; Crofford Warren Bridges, of Bakersfield, Calif.; William M.
Sutherland, of Corpus Christi, Tex.; Richard L. Tedrow, of Wash-
ington, D. C.; Loretta M. Coots, of Washington, D. C.; and Walter
A. Graham, of Washington, D. C., were admitted to practice.
181208-40--92

MONDAY, MAY 20, 1940
Mr. Attorney General Jackson addressed the Court as follows:
Mr. Chief Justice and Associate Justices:
242
The Bar of the Supreme Court has delegated me to lodge in your
keeping its proceedings in memory of Mr. Justice Butler. By reso-
lution it has expressed its high estimate of his life and services. The
resolutions adopted by the Bar read as follows:
At a meeting of the members of the Bar of the Supreme Court
of the United States held on January 27th, 1940, to take appro-
priate action following the death of Mr. Justice Butler, the Com-
mittee appointed by the Solicitor General reported this Minute
for submission to the meeting:
Pierce Butler's life story is an epic of America. From his
birth on a small Minnesota farm to the day of his death while a
Justice of the Supreme Court of the United States his record was
one of obstacles surmounted, of professional distinction achieved,
and of merit appropriately rewarded.
His father and mother, Irish immigrants from County Wick-
low, had settled in Dakota County, Minnesota, where they lived
the life of pioneer farmers. They reared a family of eight chil-
dren, of whom the future jurist was one. He was born on St.
Patrick's day (March 17th), 1866. Strong of body and of vig-
orous mind, he dominated his environment and used its limita-
tions as opportunities for self-development. A country school-
teacher at sixteen, he qualified for admission to Carleton College
at Northfield, Minnesota, from which he was graduated in 1887.
During his student days he did farm chores early and late, and
in the daily interval rode a farm horse to school. Having deter-
mined to become a lawyer, he moved to Saint Paul and in 1888
was admitted to the bar.
His abilities were early recognized, and after serving for two
years as an assistant he became the County Attorney of Ramsey
County. In this way he acquired proficiency in the art of the
successful trial lawyer and was noted for his capacity to win the
confidence of all the diverse elements of which local juries were
composed.
In 1897 he began the general practice of the law. Here again
his character and ability made their mark and important clients.
were eager to retain him. While throughout his career he repre-
sented great railroads and other powerful corporations and be-
came in this sense a corporation lawyer, he never sacrificed his
independence of judgment and it was always he who dominated
the client. His professional services were often placed at the
disposal of the Government and he figured in many important

MONDAY, MAY 20, 1940
243
cases arising under the Anti-Trust Laws and the Railroad and
Utility Statutes. He was of the sort that men instinctively trust.
He became one of the notable figures in the life of the great
Northwest. When it was known that he was to appear the court
room was wont to be crowded with people eager to hear him and
to see him in action.
He had great energy, prodigious memory and large capacity
for logical thinking. His character was a unit without internal
stress. There was inherent a belief that there exists a philosophi-
cal rightness and he sought to apply it to each matter in hand.
A skillful legal tactician, his sole strategy was to drive forward
unswervingly in the direction which he regarded as the right one.
Expediency never justified retreat or indirection.
As senior member of the firm of Butler, Mitchell and Doherty,
he was constantly at work and always with notable fidelity to
court and client. For the five years from 1913 to 1918 he
served as a member of the Committee of Counsel for the Federal
Valuation of Railroads. In 1919 he was of counsel for share-
holders in proceedings in Canada under the Canadian Northern
Acquisition Act. Later he was appointed one of the counsel for
the Dominion of Canada in the Arbitration at Montreal held
under the Grand Trunk System Acquisition Act. In this pro-
ceeding William H. Taft sat as one of the arbitrators. Al-
though Mr. Taft dissented from the decision supporting the
views urged by Mr. Butler, their association led to a warm
friendship. The acquaintance with his powers and fairness
gained in the course of that association doubtless was a factor
in Chief Justice Taft's later recommendation of Mr. Butler for
appointment to the Supreme Court when a vacancy was caused
by the retirement of Mr. Justice Day. It was on November 23,
1922, while he was serving as counsel in the Toronto Railway
Arbitration, that he, a Democrat, was nominated by President
Harding to be an Associate Justice of the Supreme Court of the
United States. The nomination not having been acted upon at
that session of Congress, the President re-nominated him on
December 5, 1922. He was confirmed by the Senate on Decem-
ber 21, 1922, and on the 2nd of January, 1923, the judicial oath
was administered and he took his seat upon the Bench.
During his seventeen years of service on the Court he saw his
country pass through an era of unstable prosperity and into a
period of resulting depression. Under such circumstances it was
not surprising that many should lose faith in the soundness of
the American tradition; but with such a life story behind him,
it was inevitable that the faith of Mr. Justice Butler should never

MONDAY, MAY 20, 1940
244
waver. He had, indeed, that capacity for deep emotion which
was his by inheritance, but his experience had taught him to
think realistically.
Fearful of the rule of men in place of the rule of law, he
appealed to the accumulated body of the law as a continuous
social expression and not as what might appear at a particular
time to be enlightened social self-interest. He did not believe
that the law is merely what the judges may from time to time
say it is. He believed that there is a law that is greater than
the judges and he was zealous to avoid its misapplication merely
because the end in view appeared at the moment to be desirable.
He had faith in the power of objective reasoning and in the
intellectual integrity of man, with correlative responsibility of
the individual to develop himself and pursue the course that to
him seemed right. This faith in the individual man was ex-
pressed by resistance to any attempted infringement of the bill
of rights, and, in the absence of constitutional amendment, to
centralization of government and to extension of its powers over
the individual. He felt that greater material welfare under a
paternal government-if possible of achievement-rather than
ennobling the citizen would debase him by destroying his integrity
and denying his will to exercise his moral and intellectual forces.
He refused to concede that the individual is a helpless creature
of an environment built by others, and opposed the kind of
humanitarianism that would relegate him to that position.
It would be out of place in this Minute to attempt an analysis
of his judicial opinions. That will follow in due course. Suf-
fice it to say here that during all the years of his service he con-
tributed to the Court not merely sound learning and ripe experi-
ence but calm judgment and the stabilizing influence of tested
character.
While Mr. Justice Butler was a man of deep conviction, he
could differ from other men without losing their good will. He
was far from being a bitter partisan. Rather he was a man of
generous sympathy and broad comprehension. His friends in-
cluded old and young alike. Institutions of learning conferred
honorary degrees upon him. The law students of Georgetown
University named a law club in his honor. An American in the
best sense of the word, he retained throughout his life an af-
fectionate regard for the land of his ancestors. A visit to Ireland
in 1934 was esteemed by him to be one of the happiest episodes
in life. He was a lover of outdoor life and on his farm in Mary-
land sought refreshment of spirit-whenever the rigorous round
of judicial duties permitted.

MONDAY, MAY 20, 1940
245
The land and people of Minnesota remained close to him, and
he carried with him great and irreplaceable knowledge of the
history of the Northwest, gathered from his own youthful ex-
periences, from delighted reading of earlier days, and from wide
personal knowledge of most of its later leaders and characters.
The mention of a name would start a flow of reminiscence and
anecdote reaching back into the development of that country, all
full of the color of its personalities.
The domestic life of such a man was certain to approximate
the ideal. Happily married and deeply devoted to wife and
children, his was a Christian household characterized by plain
living and high thinking. He was a devoted member of the
Roman Catholic Church. The reality of his religion brought
him comfort at times of domestic affliction. The high pressure
of judicial work and disease common to advanced years over-
came the powerful physique which was his by inheritance and
conservation. After a brief illness he died in Washington on
November 16, 1939. At his funeral in St. Matthew's Cathedral
all sorts and conditions of men attended in silent tribute to his
memory. Today representative members of the Bar of the Su-
preme Court of the United States are in their turn witnessing
to their admiration and affectionate regard for one whose simple
godliness and faithful public service endeared him to all who
came within the circle of his influence.
Resolved, that the foregoing Minute be adopted; that a copy
of it be transmitted to the Attorney General of the United States
for presentation to the Court and that the Chairman of this meet-
ing be directed to forward a copy of it to the family of Mr. Justice
Butler.
Men eminent in the legal profession, former associates in the prac-
tice of the law, and public leaders have paid him eloquent and affec-
tionate tribute. All of these tributes I offer for your records.
I should not presume to add words of my own, except that the
proceedings are lacking in one viewpoint which I should be qualified
to supply.
I knew Pierce Butler only as a Justice of this Court. He had
reached the full maturity of his great intellectual powers. He was
too earnest and forthright to wish me even on such an occasion to
deny or minimize the conflict which your reports witness between the
general philosophy I have advocated here and much of that to which
he was so consistently devoted. But across that gulf, which always
exists between two men who regard each other as representing omi-
nous trends, I felt the strength, the warmth, and the sincerity of a
great character-one of the most firm and steady men I have known.

MONDAY, MAY 20, 1940
246
His character was shaped by a hard way of life that left lasting
convictions and attitudes in men who experienced it. Existence in
a pioneer country, where nature is often hard and hostile and the
competition of the elements is relentless, presents the choice between
courage and self-discipline-or extinction. It offers a simple and
rugged society in which place is won and held only by will and
work and worth. It develops intense love of liberty and hatred of
restraint and a self-reliance that does not know how to dodge, and
never fears to stand firmly and, if need be, alone. These were the
primary characteristics of Mr. Justice Butler.
To them he added an accumulation of learning and experience
and legal abilities which won for him the respect of all shades of
opinion at the Bar. In many cases here I feared his interrogations
more than the argument of my adversary. He knew his way among
the intricate procedures of the law. He knew from long experience
the arts of advocacy. He could sense the point in an argument where
the most candid advocate is tempted to stop a little short of a com-
plete revelation, and he knew where there was an urge to over-
emphasis. His questions from the bench cut to the heart of our
cases. He could use his ready wit, his humor, his sarcasm, or his
learning with equal ease and skill. He was relentless in bringing
the lawyer face to face with the issues as he saw them. I think I
never knew a man who could more quickly orient a statement of facts
with his own philosophy. When the facts were stated the argument
was about over with him-he could relate the case to his conceptions
of legal principles without aid of counsel.
Even if it were otherwise appropriate, I have neither the perspec-
tive nor the detachment necessary to appraise the place that his work
as a Justice will take in the annals of this Court. Time only will
write the verdict on its permanence and its significance. He has
left a body of deliberate comment and seasoned judgment on the
problems that have vexed this Court, as well as government and
society, during his judicial life. The future will have no difficulty
learning what he meant and what he stood for. A man of no sub-
tlety or sham, he pronounced his judgments without finesse, indirec-
tion, or obscurity. He has recorded the measure of his disagreement
with the currents, and his deep anxiety about the drifts of our time.
If only time can judge the verity of his work it is equally true that
only contemporaries can appraise the verity of his character. While
the future will find that his work will speak for itself, it will turn
to the testimony of contemporaries to learn the elusive qualities of
the man.
For those who shall ask "What of the man?" we may record that
in the memory of those who sought to win him in argument he

MONDAY, MAY 20, 1940
247
will stand out as an impressive and formidable figure even among
associates in whom those qualities were by no means rare. His judi-
cial attitude was not one of frosty neutrality, but one of intensity
and certitude of conviction on basic philosophies of life and society
and law and government. He had no merely negative standard of
goodness; experience and conviction committed him to profound
affirmations, and he exemplified them unceasingly and with power.
Among the public men of my time, I have known no one of more
affirmative and immovable and masterful character than Mr. Justice
Butler.
The Chief Justice said:
Mr. Attorney General: The resolutions you have presented on
behalf of the Bar fittingly epitomize the traits of character and out-
standing achievements of an eminent advocate and judge-who
would have considered this tribute by his professional brethren as
the best possible reward for his long and arduous service.
The early environment of Pierce Butler suited his ambition and
talent. It was not ill fortune that in his childhood and youth he had
to meet the rigorous demands of pioneer life in the northwest; that
he had to win by self-denial and strenuous exertion the educational
advantages which seem slender indeed as compared with the abun-
dance of a later day. For he was in the midst of the opportunities
of a fast developing community, where the very air quickened
endeavor and the abilities and eager efforts of those endowed with
physical and mental vigor received almost instant recognition. It
was not ill fortune that he began the practice of the law in Saint
Paul at a time when great enterprises were in the making, when
legal talent held the key to a career of distinction and the standards
of Bench and Bar were as high as in the older eastern States.
The opportunities for practice had a most desirable variety, but,
in accord with the traditions of the Bar, the highest prizes were to
be won in the field of advocacy. Pierce Butler by temperament and
aptitude was especially fitted for the contests of the forum. He had
the fighting instinct, and his training developed rare skill in the use
of the advocate's weapons. He soon had opportunity for public serv-
ice as prosecuting attorney, and thus early secured wide recognition
of his unusual talents. Favored by nature with a powerful physique,
and with a distinguished mien aided by a deliberate and impressive
manner of speech, he became a respected but dreaded antagonist. He
was not content with showy and superficial successes with juries.
He aimed at a thorough knowledge of the law and a complete mastery
of facts, which especially commended him to the higher courts. He
had a passion for exactness. He was not addicted to subtlety and he

MONDAY, MAY 20, 1940
248
hated pretence. He recognized just authority. He was faithful to
every trust. He was rigorous in his self-discipline and spared no
effort to realize his ideal of the careful and exact adviser, the zealous
but accurate advocate, the intrepid vindicator of what he conceived
to be the legal rights of those whose causes he espoused.
It is not extraordinary that with the natural advantages of a noble
bearing, with his indomitable will and courage both in attack and
defense, with his unflagging industry and devotion to what he be-
lieved to be justice according to law, he rapidly rose to eminence, and
his expert advice and assistance were sought in matters of the gravest
importance of both private and public concern. There are not want-
ing those who disparage the training and experience of the successful
advocate, ignoring the fact that among the varied activities of our
democratic society there exists no harder school of discipline, no
wider opportunity for the study of human relations or for the detec-
tion of faults and abuses, no more insistent demand for a sound prac-
tical judgment and for rectitude and fair dealing, than are found in
the exacting daily work of the legal practitioner who tries to live up
to the ethical standards of the best traditions of the Bar and thus to
win the highest professional esteem which is denied to the trickster
and shallow pretender however otherwise apparently successful.
It was with these qualities, and with that reputation, that Pierce
Butler came to this Court at the height of his powers. He had
already shown at this bar his exceptional skill and thoroughness in
the presentation of cases. In the Minnesota Rate Cases (230 U. S.
352) he presented one of the ablest, most comprehensive and most
careful briefs ever submitted to this Court. On the bench, he at once
demonstrated an extraordinary capacity for the sustained judicial
labor which our work demands, and to the last he was faithful in
every task, indefatigable, fearless, conscientious. At the conference
table, he was ever ready to present and defend his views with keen-
ness, always with earnestness, and not infrequently with the thrusts
of wit and eloquence which brought vivid reminders of forensic
battles. He was always thoroughly prepared by close study of records
and, endowed with an extraordinary memory, he justly took pride in
his ability to marshal facts and precedents in the most impressive
manner.
It was natural that with his success in winning his way to distinc-
tion in an expanding community, with his appreciation of liberty
and law, he should have been eager to conserve both the essential
authority of government and the freedom of enterprise. The former
was necessary in order to insure the latter. His conservatism was
rooted in profound religious convictions. It was always manifest that
he had definite principles and he had no sympathy for those whose

MONDAY, MAY 20, 1940
249
only principle was to be without principle. Cherishing the ideals of
authority and certainty, he demanded adherence to precedent and
deplored what he considered to be an undue flexibility in constitu-
tional interpretation. As he put it, "Generally speaking, at least, our
decisions of yesterday ought to be the law of today." He was a
strong defender of the conception of property rights which he be-
lieved to be secure by the accepted construction of the due-process.
clause. He believed in that conception as an essential stimulus to
effort and as holding a better promise of social progress than govern-
mental plans involving restriction of individual initiative. He be-
lieved in the right to choose one's calling, to pursue it unfettered, so
far as consistent with good order and the equal rights of others, and
to maintain and hold the material rewards of honest endeavor. In
short, he sought to keep open the traditional path to individual
achievement which he himself had trod.
While solicitous for the public order and the authority of law,
he was equally a stickler for the rights of those accused of crime
to be protected against the abuses of authority. He was zealous for
the maintenance of just government but vehemently opposed to any
action under any guise which he deemed to be arbitrary and capri-
cious. He expressed his thought in the words of one of his opinions,
which was quoted in one of the addresses at the meeting of the Bar:
"Abhorrence, however great, of persistent and menacing crime will
not excuse transgression in the courts of the legal rights of the worst
offenders." (United States v. Motlow, 10 F. (2d) 657, 662). And in
his dissent in the first wire-tapping case, he thus voiced his concep-
tion of the appropriate interpretation of the great clauses of the
Constitution for the safeguarding of personal liberty: "This Court
has always construed the Constitution in the light of the principles
upon which it was founded. The direct operation or literal mean-
ing of the words used do not measure the purpose or scope of its
provisions. Under the principles established and applied by this
Court, the Fourth Amendment safeguards against all evils that are
like and equivalent to those embraced within the ordinary meaning
of its words. That construction is consonant with sound reason and
in full accord with the course of decisions since McCulloch v. Mary-
land." (Olmstead v. United States, 277 U. S. 438, 487, 488.)
--
And with these views which I have endeavored briefly to inter-
pret, as I think he would wish them expressed-he wrought to the
end, a man of deep-seated convictions, religious and political, with
unfailing loyalty to basic principles as he conceived them,-a person-
ality of rare force and determination, and yet with the kindliest
disposition, the most generous sympathy, the warmest heart.
181208-40- -93

MONDAY, MAY 20, 1940
250
It is not for us to speak of the sorrows that afflicted him, of his
fortitude in severe trials, of the depth of his affection for those
united to him by the strongest human ties. In the midst of judicial
responsibilities which he was fully sharing with us, we were keenly
aware of the private burdens which pressed upon him and were so
bravely borne.
We mourn the loss of a great co-laborer. As the scenes of particu-
lar controversies swiftly shift, there abides the treasured memory
of strength, of trained talent industriously applied, of unswerving
integrity and fidelity,—the virtues of the just judge, always an ex-
emplar and an inspiration,—the virtues which make secure the
foundations of the temple of justice.
No. 682. J. Steve Anderson, petitioner, v. Guy T. Helvering, Com-
missioner of Internal Revenue; and
No. 683. L. H. Prichard, petitioner, v. Guy T. Helvering, Com-
missioner of Internal Revenue. On writs of certiorari to the United
States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Tenth Circuit. Judgments
affirmed and cases remanded to the said Circuit Court of Appeals.
Opinion by Mr. Justice Murphy.
No. 613. The United States of America, petitioner, v. George S.
Bush & Co., Inc. On writ of certiorari to the United States Court of
Customs and Patent Appeals. Judgment reversed and cause re-
manded to the Court of Customs and Patent Appeals for further
proceedings in conformity with the opinion of this Court. Opinion
by Mr. Justice Douglas. Dissenting: Mr. Justice McReynolds.
No. 804. The Sunshine Anthracite Coal Company, appellant v.
Homer M. Adkins, as Collector of Internal Revenue for the District of
Arkansas. Appeal from the District Court of the United States for
the Eastern District of Arkansas. Decree affirmed with costs.
Opinion by Mr. Justice Douglas. Dissenting: Mr. Justice Mc-
Reynolds.
No. 789. The Nashville, Chattanooga & St. Louis Railway, peti-
tioner, v. Gordon Browning et al., Constituting the State Board of
Equalization of Tennessee. On writ of certiorari to the Supreme
Court of the State of Tennessee. Judgment affirmed with costs.
Opinion by Mr. Justice Frankfurter.
No. -, original. Ex parte Wallace S. Bransford, as County Treas-
urer of Pima County, Arizona, and ex-officio Tax Collector, peti-
tioner. Motion for leave to file petition for writ of mandamus denied.
Opinion by Mr. Justice Reed.
No. 588. National Labor Relations Board, petitioner, v. Bradford
Dyeing Association (U. S. A.) et al. On writ of certiorari to the

MONDAY, MAY 20, 1940
251
United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the First Circuit. Judg-
ment reversed and cause remanded to the said Circuit Court of Ap-
peals for further proceedings in conformity with the opinion of this
Court. Opinion by Mr. Justice Black. Mr. Justice McReynolds took
no part in the consideration or decision of this case.
No. 724. The United States of America and Interstate Commerce
Commission, appellants, v. Chicago Heights Trucking Co. et al. Ap-
peal from the District Court of the United States for the Northern
District of Illinois. Decree reversed and cause remanded to said Dis-
trict Court for further proceedings in conformity with the opinion
of this Court. Opinion by Mr. Justice Black.
No. 632. Jesse Cantwell, Newton Cantwell, and Russell Cantwell,
appellants; Jesse Cantwell, petitioner, v. The State of Connecticut.
Appeal from and on writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of
Errors of the State of Connecticut. Judgment affirming the convic-
tions on the third and fifth counts reversed with costs and cause re-
manded to the said Supreme Court of Errors for further proceedings
not inconsistent with the opinion of this Court. Opinion by Mr.
Justice Roberts.
No. 752. Franz J. Borchard and Frieda W. Borchard, petitioners,
v. California Bank and California Trust Company. On writ of
certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the
Ninth Circuit. Judgment reversed with costs and cause remanded
to the District Court of the United States for the Southern District
of California for further proceedings in conformity with the opinion
of this Court. Opinion by Mr. Justice Roberts.
No. 671. Sontag Chain Stores Co., Ltd., petitioner, v. National
Nut Company of California. On writ of certiorari to the United
States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit. Decree re-
versed with costs and cause remanded to the said Circuit Court of
Appeals for further proceedings in conformity with the opinion of
this Court. Opinion by Mr. Justice McReynolds.
No. 662. Dampskibsselskabet Dannebrog, Claimant of the Motor-
ship "Stjerneborg," et al., petitioners, v. Signal Oil and Gas Com-
pany of California. On writ of certiorari to the United States Cir-
cuit Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit. Judgment affirmed
with costs and cause remanded to the District Court of the United
States for the Western District of Washington. Opinion by Mr.
Chief Justice Hughes.
The Chief Justice announced the following order of the Court:
No. 943. The Eavey Company, The Harris Produce Co., and
Charles O. Sutton, appellants, v. Department of Treasury of the State

MONDAY, MAY 20, 1940
252
of Indiana et al. Appeal from the Supreme Court of the State of
Indiana. Per curiam: The motion to dismiss is granted and the ap-
peal is dismissed for want of a substantial federal question. Hendrick
v. Maryland, 235 U. S. 610; Hicklin v. Coney, 290 U. S. 169, 173;
Carley & Hamilton v. Snook, 281 U. S. 66, 72–73; Arthur v. Indiana,
No. 742, decided March 11, 1940.
The Chief Justice said:
"The other orders of the Court appear upon the list certified by
the Chief Justice and filed with the Clerk and will not be announced
orally."
No. -
No. -, original. Ex parte Joseph Murphy, petitioner. The
motion for leave to file petition for writ of habeas corpus is denied.
original. Ex parte W. J. Meredith, petitioner. The
motion for leave to file petition for writ of mandamus is denied.
No. 813. Montgomery Ward and Company, petitioner, v. Luther
M. Duncan. The motion of the respondents to dismiss the writ of
certiorari is denied.
No. 1003. Rebecca Shelley, petitioner, v. The United States. Ap-
plication denied.
No. 901. James M. Wright, petitioner, v. The Union Central Life
Insurance Company et al. The motion for leave to proceed in forma
pauperis is granted. The petition for writ of certiorari to the United
States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Seventh Circuit is granted.
No. 727. John H. Morse, petitioner, v. Lalla T. Bragg. On peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for
the District of Columbia;
No. 951. Grantham I. Taggart, petitioner, v. Edmund H. Abra-
ham et al. On petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Circuit Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit ;
No. 970. Isaiah Cook and Hendrietta Harold et al., petitioners, v.
Armour and Company et al. On petition for writ of certiorari to
the Supreme Court of the State of Kansas;
No. 896. Amos G. McCampbell, Jr., petitioner, v. The Warrich
Corporation and Robert Eiger, doing business under the name of
Eiger Realty Company. On petition for writ of certiorari to the
United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Seventh Circuit ;
No. 911. Claud E. Spivey, petitioner, v. The United States of
America. On petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Circuit Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit; and
No. 952. Harry B. Malpuss, petitioner, v. Joseph W. Sanford,
Warden, United States Penitentiary, Atlanta, Georgia. On peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of

MONDAY, MAY 20, 1940
253
Appeals for the Fifth Circuit. The motions for leave to proceed
further herein in forma pauperis are denied for the reason that the
Court, upon examination of the papers herein submitted, finds no
ground upon which writs of certiorari should be issued. The peti-
tions for writs of certiorari are therefore also denied.
No. 417. New World Life Insurance Company, petitioner, v. The
United States. The petition for rehearing is granted, and the order
denying certiorari entered November 22, 1939, is vacated. The peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the Court of Claims is granted, limited
to the second question presented thereby.
No. 707. Republic Steel Corporation, petitioner, v. National Labor
Relations Board et al. The motion for leave to file a petition for
rehearing is granted, and the petition for rehearing is also granted.
The order denying certiorari, dated April 8, 1940, is vacated. The
petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of
Appeals for the Third Circuit is granted, limited to the fourth ques-
tion therein presented, which relates to the work relief provisions of
the decree below: provided that this order shall not operate to
suspend the remaining provisions of the decree.
No. 892. State of Wisconsin and Elmer E. Barlow, as Commis-
sioner of Taxation of the State of Wisconsin, petitioners, v. J. C.
Penney Company. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme.
Court of the State of Wisconsin granted.
No. 893. State of Wisconsin and Elmer E. Barlow, as Commis-
sioner of Taxation of the State of Wisconsin, petitioners, v. F. W.
Woolworth Company. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme
Court of the State of Wisconsin granted.
No. 894. State of Wisconsin and Elmer E. Barlow, as Commis-
sioner of Taxation of the State of Wisconsin, petitioners, v. Minne-
sota Mining and Manufacturing Company. Petition for writ of
certiorari to the Supreme Court of the State of Wisconsin granted.
No. 895. Guy T. Helvering, Commissioner of Internal Revenue,
petitioner, v. Godfrey Hammel and Pearl Hammel. Petition for
writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals
for the Sixth Circuit granted.
No. 897. J. E. Riley Investment Company, petitioner, v. Commis-
sioner of Internal Revenue. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit
granted.
No. 868. The United States of America, petitioner, v. Salvatore
Falcone, Joseph Falcone, et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit granted.
No. 914. Donald S. McClain, petitioner, v. Commissioner of In-
ternal Revenue. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States

MONDAY, MAY 20, 1940
254
Circuit Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit granted and the case
assigned for argument immediately following No. 895.
No. 929. American Federation of Labor, John Fitzpatrick, et al.,
petitioners, v. Ross W. Swing, Irene Boivin, et al. The motion to use
the certified record filed in No. 615 as a part of the record in this case.
is granted. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of
the State of Illinois granted.
No. 946. Guy T. Helvering, Commissioner of Internal Revenue,
petitioner, v. S. C. Thomson. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit
granted, and case assigned for argument immediately following No.
914.
No. 944. District of Columbia, petitioner, v. James J. Sweeney.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the District of Columbia denied in view of the fact that the tax
is laid under a statute which has been repealed and the question is
therefore not of public importance.
No. 908. International Art Company et al., petitioners, v. Federal
Trade Commission. The motion to use the record printed for the
Circuit Court of Appeals is granted. The petition for writ of cer-
tiorari to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Seventh
Circuit is denied.
No. 833. Brownstein-Louis Company, petitioner, v. The United
States. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Claims denied.
No. 835. Harris Trust and Savings Bank et al., petitioners, v. The
United States. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Claims
denied.
No. 853. North Whittier Heights Citrus Association, petitioner, v.
National Labor Relations Board. Petition for writ of certiorari to
the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit
denied.
No. 863. The New York Trust Company, as Substituted Trustee,
etc., et al., petitioners, v. The New York, Susquehanna and Western
Railroad Company et al.; and
No. 872. Robert E. Woodruff and John A. Hadden, Trustees, etc.,
petitioners, v. New York, Susquehanna and Western Railroad Com-
pany, Debtor, et al. Petitions for writs of certiorari to the United
States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Third Circuit denied.
No. 877. The American Insurance Company, petitioner, v. Gentile
Bros. Company. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Circuit Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 886. J. C. Maxwell and D. J. Porter, et al., petitioners, v. Tar-
rant County Water Control & Improvement District Number One.

MONDAY, MAY 20, 1940
255
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of
Appeals for the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 887. The Shaler Company, petitioner, v. Rite-Way Products,
Inc., et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit
Court of Appeals for the Sixth Circuit denied.
No. 890. Benedum-Trees Oil Company, petitioner, v. Gran Davis,
John W. Hall, and Ross H. Williams; and
No. 891. Benedum-Trees Oil Company, petitioner, v. E. W. Sed-
man and Ross H. Williams. Petition for writs of certiorari to the
United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Sixth Circuit denied.
No. 898. Maryland Casualty Company, petitioner, v. Town of
River Junction et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United
States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 899. Irving Lewis, petitioner, v. The United States of Amer-
ica; and
No. 900. Rose Lewis, petitioner, v. The United States of America.
Petition for writs of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of
Appeals for the Seventh Circuit denied.
No. 902. Luis G. Morphy, Receiver, etc., et al., petitioners, v.
Grand International Brotherhood of Locomotive Engineers et al.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of
Appeals for the Second Circuit denied.
No. 903. Luis G. Morphy, Receiver, etc., et al., petitioners, v. W. F.
Burke. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit
Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit denied.
No. 909. Sam R. Beard, petitioner, v. Joseph W. Sanford, War-
den, etc. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit
Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 933. Jefferson Standard Life Insurance Company, petitioner,
v. Pauline Jordan DeLong. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 920. The Volunteer State Life Insurance Company, petitioner,
v. Guy T. Helvering, Commissioner of Internal Revenue. Petition
for writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals
for the Sixth Circuit denied.
No. 910. Erma Prentiss, petitioner, v. Mutual Benefit Health and
Accident Association. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United
States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Seventh Circuit denied.
No. 912. Fred W. Carl, petitioner, v. Nancy G. Ferrell. Petition
for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the
District of Columbia denied.

MONDAY, MAY 20, 1940
256
No. 913. Fred W. Carl, petitioner, v. Grace Norris. Petition for
writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the Dis-
trict of Columbia denied.
No. 918. Sam Cook, petitioner, v. The United States of America.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of
Appeals for the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 919. Fairleigh S. Dickinson and Becton, Dickinson & Co.,
petitioners, v. Matthew Payne. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Third Circuit denied.
No. 923. E. T. Weir, petitioner, v. Commissioner of Internal Rev-
enue. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit
Court of Appeals for the Third Circuit denied.
No. 924. Allan S. Lehman, Cecile S. Lehman, et al., etc., peti-
tioners, v. Commissioner of Internal Revenue. Petition for writ of
certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the
Second Circuit denied.
No. 925. Max Shoolman, petitioner, v. Commissioner of Internal
Revenue. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Cir-
cuit Court of Appeals for the First Circuit denied.
No. 927. The Webb-Crawford Company et al., petitioners, v. Fed-
eral Trade Commission. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United
States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 928. Paul Bakewell, Jr., petitioner, v. The United States of
America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit
Court of Appeals for the Eighth Circuit denied.
No. 931. Wayne Jeffers, petitioner, v. The People of the State of
Illinois. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of
the State of Illinois denied.
No. 10, Original, October Term, 1935. State of Wyoming, com-
plainant, v. State of Colorado;
No. 542. The City of Yonkers, petitioner, v. Walter F. Downey,
Receiver, etc.;
No. 543. John J. Condon, Mayor, et al., petitioners, v. Walter F.
Downey, Receiver, etc.;
No. 544. John J. Condon, Mayor, et al., petitioners, v. Walter
F. Downey, Receiver, etc.;
No. 579. Union Joint Stock Land Bank of Detroit, petitioner, v.
Carl Byerly;
No. 587. The United States of America, petitioner, v. City and
County of San Francisco, a Municipal Corporation;
No. 667. John Carlson, appellant, v. The People of the State of
California;

MONDAY, MAY 20, 1940
257
No. 729. H. Ely Goldsmith, petitioner, v. The United States of
America;
No. 793. Orion N. Steelman and Marshall E. Birkins, petitioners,
v. The Wichita Falls and Southern Railway Company;
No. 844. State of Florida, ex rel. M. E. Garland, appellant, v. City
of West Palm Beach;
No. 845. State of Florida, ex rel. F. C. Yoeman, appellant, v. City
of Sarasota; and
No. 846. State of Florida, ex rel. M. E. Garland, appellant, v. City
of Sarasota. The petitions for rehearing in these cases are denied.
No. 614. October Term 1938. The Farmers' Loan and Trust Com-
pany (a corporation), as Trustee, etc., petitioner, v. Frank Collis
Bowers, as Executor, etc.; and
No. 615. October Term 1938. The Farmers' Loan and Trust Com-
pany (a corporation), as Trustee, etc., petitioner, v. Frank Collis
Bowers, as Executor, etc. Motion for leave to file a second petition
for rehearing submitted by Mr. John S. Flannery for the petitioner.
No. original. State of Kansas, complainant, v. State of Mis-
souri. Motion for leave to file bill of complaint presented.
,
No. , original. Ex parte Norman Baker, petitioner. Motion
for leave to file petition for writ of habeas corpus and motion for
leave to apply for writ of certiorari presented.
No. 822. The State of Washington on the relation of Columbia
Broadcasting Company, petitioner, v. The Superior Court of the
State of Washington for King County et al. Motion to reverse sub-
mitted by Mr. Godfrey Goldmark and Mr. Cassius E. Gates for the
petitioner.
No. 839. Trinity Universal Insurance Company, petitioner, v.
Mrs. Martha E. Cunningham, Executrix, etc., et al. On petition
for writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of Ap-
peals for the Eighth Circuit. Dismissed on motion of counsel for
the petitioner.
No. 87. Bob White, petitioner, v. The State of Texas. Argued on
the petition for rehearing filed by the State of Texas by Mr. F. S. K.
Whittaker for the petitioner and by Mr. Lloyd W. Davidson and
Mr. William J. Fanning for the respondent.
Adjourned until Monday, May 27, at 12 o'clock.
Х
181208-40--94

MONDAY, MAY 27, 1940
258
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: The Chief Justice, Mr. Justice McReynolds, Mr. Justice
Stone, Mr. Justice Roberts, Mr. Justice Black, Mr. Justice Reed,
Mr. Justice Frankfurter, Mr. Justice Douglas, and Mr. Justice
Murphy.
Fred B. Mellmann, of Oakland, Calif.; David Rabinovitz, of
Sheboygan, Wis.; Jerry Housel, of Laramie, Wyo.; Gladys T. Med-
lock, of Atlanta, Ga.; H. Bascom Thomas, Jr., of Dallas, Tex.; May-
nard F. Robinson, of Cleburne, Tex.; John B. Miller, of Fairbanks,
Alaska; Albert F. Strasburger, of New York City; Beverly Cameron
Cobb, of New York City; David Michelshon, of New York City;
Philip Pearlman, of New York City; James C. Ingebretsen, of Los
Angeles, Calif.; Roscoe B. Greenway, of Richmond, Va.; Robert
Harris Gamble, of Garrett Park, Md.; Edwin M. Martin, of New
York City; Richard Paul Schulze, of Washington, D. C.; Blanche
Lucile DeWolf, of Belvidere, Ill.; Orville C. Sanborn, of New York.
City; Jeff. Davis, of El Dorado, Ark.; J. A. O'Connor, Jr., of
El Dorado, Ark.; Alfred B. Carb, of New York City; Leo A. Freed-
man, of Akron, Ohio; James H. McHale, of Philadelphia, Pa.;
Blanche Funk Miller, of Tacoma, Wash.; Emmett Leo Sheehan, of
Washington, D. C.; George Raymond Jones, of Washington, D. C.;
Charles A. Willmuth, of Washington, D. C.; Patrick M. Kildea, of
Spokane, Wash.; William Joseph Williamson, of Houston, Tex.;
Harry J. Ahlheim, of New York City; Oliver Elwood Pagan II, of
Washington, D. C.; Gail Johnson Burck, of Los Angeles, Calif.;
James J. Cox, of Boston, Mass.; George Hamelin Shafer, of Saint
Paul, Minn.; Meyer A. Cook, of Cleveland, Ohio; John M. Cleary, Jr.,
of Kansas City, Mo.; John H. Pratt, of Washington, D. C.; Forrest S.
Smith, of Jersey City, N. J.; Charles M. James, of Jersey City, N. J.;
Joe H. Taylor, of Louisville, Ky.; Gordon C. Arey, of Fort Thomas,
Ky.; Frederick W. Whiteside, Jr., of Ithaca, N. Y.; Travis Taylor
Brown, of Charlotte, N. C.; David Moffatt McConnell, of Chester,
S. C.; Leon L. Rice, Jr., of Anderson, S. C.; and Randolph William
Thrower, of Atlanta, Ga.; were admitted to practice.
No. 705. The United States, petitioner, v. Emmett F. Dickerson.
On writ of certiorari to the Court of Claims. Judgment reversed and
cause remanded to the Court of Claims for further proceedings in
181208-40-
-95

MONDAY, MAY 27, 1940
259
conformity with the opinion of this Court. Opinion by Mr. Justice
Murphy. Dissenting: The Chief Justice, Mr. Justice McReynolds,
Mr. Justice Stone, and Mr. Justice Roberts.
No. 713. The United States of America, Interstate Commerce
Commission, et al., appellants, v. The American Trucking Asso-
ciations, Inc., et al. Appeal from the District Court of the United
States for the District of Columbia. Decree reversed and cause re-
manded to the said District Court with directions to dismiss the
complaint of the appellees. Opinion by Mr. Justice Reed. Dissent-
ing: The Chief Justice, Mr. Justice McReynolds, Mr. Justice Stone,
and Mr. Justice Roberts.
No. 87. Bob White, petitioner, v. The State of Texas. On writ
of certiorari to the Court of Criminal Appeals of the State of Texas.
Petition of the State of Texas for a rehearing denied. Opinion by
Mr. Justice Black.
No. 563. Delaware River Joint Toll Bridge Commission, Pennsyl-
vania-New Jersey, petitioner, v. John D. Colburn and Bessie Colburn.
On writ of certiorari to the Court of Errors and Appeals of the
State of New Jersey. Judgment reversed with costs and cause re-
manded to the said Court of Errors and Appeals for further proceed-
ings not inconsistent with the opinion of this Court. Opinion by Mr.
Justice Stone.
No. 796. Securities and Exchange Commission, petitioner, v.
United States Realty and Improvement Company. On writ of certio-
rari to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Second
Circuit. Judgment reversed and cause remanded to the District
Court of the United States for the Southern District of New York
for further proceedings in conformity with the opinion of this Court.
Opinion by Mr. Justice Stone. Mr. Justice Douglas did not par-
ticipate in the decision of this case. Dissenting opinion by Mr.
Justice Roberts in which the Chief Justice and Mr. Justice Mc-
Reynolds join.
No. 638. Apex Hosiery Company, petitioner, v. William Leader
and American Federation of Full Fashioned Hosiery Workers, Phila-
delphia Branch No. 1, Local No. 706. On writ of certiorari to the
United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Third Circuit. Judg
ment affirmed with costs and cause remanded to the District Court of
the United States for the Eastern District of Pennsylvania. Opinion
by Mr. Justice Stone. Dissenting opinion by Mr. Chief Justice
Hughes in which Mr. Justice McReynolds and Mr. Justice Roberts
join.
No. 715. The United States of America, petitioner, v. Arlene
Summerlin, as Ancillary Administratrix of the Estate of J. F.
Andrew, deceased. On writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of

MONDAY, MAY 27, 1940
260
the State of Florida. Judgment reversed so far as it goes beyond
the question of the jurisdiction of the probate court and purports to
adjudge that the claim of the United States is void as a claim against
the estate of the decedent because of failure to comply with the
statute, and cause remanded to the said Supreme Court for further
proceedings not inconsistent with the opinion of this Court. Opinion
by Mr. Chief Justice Hughes.
The Chief Justice announced the following orders of the Court:
No. 13, original. Commonwealth of Pennsylvania, complainant, v.
State of New Jersey. Per curiam: As the questions sought to be
presented in this suit by the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania have
been determined by the judgment of this Court in Delaware River
Joint Toll Bridge Commission v. Colburn, No. 563, this day decided,
the complaint herein is dismissed without costs to either party.
No. 459. The H. Rouw Company, petitioner, v. Frank J. Crivella.
On writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals
for the Eighth Circuit. Per curiam: In the light of Public, No. 515,
76th Congress, Third Session, approved May 14, 1940, and, it appear-
ing that it was the intention of the Congress to make that Act
applicable to the present case, and to other cases similarly situated,
the judgment of the Court of Appeals is reversed and the cause is
remanded to the District Court with directions to hear the appeal
from the award of the Secretary of Agriculture.
No. 822. The State of Washington on the relation of Columbia
Broadcasting Company, petitioner, v. The Superior Court of the
State of Washington for King County et al. On writ of certiorari
to the Supreme Court of the State of Washington. Per curiam: It
appearing that the cause has become moot, the judgment of the Su-
preme Court of Washington is vacated and the cause is remanded
for such proceedings as by that court may be deemed appropriate,
without costs to either party in this Court. Florida v. Knott, No. 22,
this Term, decided October 9, 1939.
No. 998. Saenger Realty Corporation, appellant, v. Alice Lee
Grosjean, Collector of Revenue. Appeal from the Supreme Court
of the State of Louisiana. Per curiam: The motion to dismiss is
granted and the appeal is dismissed for the want of a properly
presented substantial federal question. (1) Godchaux Co. v. Estopi-
nal, 251 U. S. 179; Rooker v. Fidelity Trust Co., 261 U. S. 114, 117;
Herndon v. Georgia, 295 U. S. 441, 443. (2) Knights of Pythias v.
Meyer, 265 U. S. 30, 32; Leffingwell v. Warren, 2 Black 599, 603;
Great Northern Ry. Co. v. Sunburst Oil & Refining Co., 287 U. S.
358, 362.

MONDAY, MAY 27, 1940
The Chief Justice said:
261
"The other orders of the Court appear upon the list certified by
the Chief Justice and filed with the Clerk and will not be announced
orally."
No. -, original. Ex parte Roy Hullig, petitioner ;
No.
-
-, original. Ex parte Arthur R. McCleary, petitioner;
No. , original. Ex parte Harry Murray, petitioner. The mo-
tions for leave to file petitions for writs of habeas corpus are denied.
No.
- original. Ex parte Norman Baker, petitioner. The mo-
tion for leave to file petition for writ of habeas corpus is denied. The
motion for leave to apply for a writ of certiorari is also denied.
-
No., original. United States ex rel. Samuel L. Geiselman, peti-
tioner, v. William Hunt, Warden, etc. The motion for leave to pro-
ceed in forma pauperis is denied. The motion for leave to file a
petition for a writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court
of Appeals for the Second Circuit is also denied.
No.. Agnes E. Lewis, Executrix, etc., et al., petitioners, v. R. W.
Fontento, Collector, etc. Application denied.
No. 15, original. State of Kansas, complainant, v. State of Mis-
souri. The motion for leave to file a bill of complaint is granted
and process is ordered to issue returnable September 1, next.
No. 934. Robert G. Errington, petitioner, v. Robert H. Hudspeth,
Warden, etc. On petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Circuit Court of Appeals for the Tenth Circuit. The motion for
leave to proceed further herein in forma pauperis is denied for the
reason that the Court, upon examination of the papers herein sub-
mitted, finds no ground upon which a writ of certiorari should be
issued. The petition for writ of certiorari is therefore also denied.
No. 548. Harry H. Neuberger, petitioner, v. Commissioner of In-
ternal Revenue. The petition for rehearing is granted and the order
denying certiorari entered January 2, 1940, is vacated. The petition
for writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals
for the Second Circuit is granted, limited to the second and third
questions thereby presented.
No. 614, October Term 1938. The Farmers' Loan and Trust Com-
pany, as Trustee, etc., et al., petitioners, v. Frank Collis Bowers, as
Executor, etc.; and
No. 615, October Term 1938. The Farmers' Loan and Trust Com-
pany as Trustee, etc., et al., petitioners, v. Frank Collis Bowers, as
Executor, etc. The motion for leave to file a second petition for
rehearing is denied. Mr. Justice Reed took no part in the consid-
eration or decision of this application.

MONDAY, MAY 27, 1940
262
No. 381. Edward E. Rieck, petitioner, v. Guy T. Helvering, Com-
missioner of Internal Revenue. The motion for leave to file a peti-
tion for rehearing is denied.
No. 935. Ben Williamson, Jr., Trustee of Inland Gas Corporation,
petitioner, v. Columbia Gas & Electric Corporation. Petition for
writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for
the Third Circuit denied. Mr. Justice Douglas took no part in the
consideration or decision of this application.
No. 861. R. Hoe & Co., Inc., and Neo Gravure Printing Co., Inc.,
petitioners, v. Adolph Weiss and Speedry Gravure Corporation. Pe-
tition for writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of
Appeals for the Second Circuit denied.
No. 874. A. S. Genecov, petitioner, v. Chas. C. Wine, Receiver,
etc. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit
Court of Appeals for the Eighth Circuit denied.
No. 875. Isadore Roosth, petitioner, v. Charles C. Wine, Receiver;
and
No. 876. Isadore Roosth, petitioner, v. Charles C. Wine, Receiver.
Petition for writs of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court
of Appeals for the Eighth Circuit denied.
No. 883. The Seminole Nation, petitioner, v. The United States.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Claims denied.
No. 904. Duncan Morgan et al., petitioners, v. Sun Oil Company
et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit
Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 922. The Equitable Life Assurance Society of the United
States, petitioner, v. George Zolintakis and Christ Orfanos, as Ad-
ministrator, etc. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Circuit Court of Appeals for the Tenth Circuit denied.
No. 932. William Pitcher, petitioner, v. Metropolitan Life Insur-
ance Company. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Circuit Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 936. Sam Italiano and Joe Italiano, petitioners, v. State of
Florida. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of the
State of Florida denied.
No. 938. Annie Bunton Parsons, Loula Bunton Shely, et al., peti-
tioners, v. David B. Childs and Herbert V. Jones, Trustees, etc.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of the State of
Missouri denied.
No. 942. Universal Dealers Company, petitioner, v. Paul B.
Cromelin, Trustee, etc. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United
States Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia denied.

MONDAY, MAY 27, 1940
263
No. 945. Eagle Transport Company (Limited) et al., petitioners,
v. The United States of America, as Owner of the Steamship "Poca-
hontas." Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit
Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit denied.
No. 947. Rafael Sancho Bonet, Treasurer, petitioner, v. Humacao
Shipping Corporation. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United
States Circuit Court of Appeals for the First Circuit denied.
No. 948. Paul M. Hewitt, petitioner, v. The United States of
America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit
Court of Appeals for the Eighth Circuit denied.
No. 949. Anthony A. Magnani, petitioner, v. Charles A. Harnett,
as Commissioner of Motor Vehicles of the State of New York et al.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of the State of
New York denied.
No. 955. Mrs. Glekeria Asprodites, as Administratrix, etc., peti-
tioner, v. Standard Fruit and Steamship Company. Petition for
writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for
the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 982. Edward W. Westrup, petitioner, v. The People of the
State of Illinois. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme
Court of the State of Illinois denied.
No. 854. John M. Moon, petitioner, v. The Union Central Life
Insurance Company et al.; and
No. 915. Southern Service Company, Ltd., appellant, v. County
of Los Angeles and City of Los Angeles. Petitions for rehearing
denied.
No. 457. Gans Steamship Line, a corporation, petitioner, v. The
United States of America. Motion for leave to file petition for
rehearing submitted by Mr. Philip F. Biggins on behalf of counsel
for the petitioner.
No. 929, October Term 1938. First National Bank of Chicago, Ad-
ministrator, etc., petitioner, v. The United States of America. Mo-
tion to vacate order denying petition for rehearing submitted by Mr.
Philip F. Biggins on behalf of counsel for the petitioner.
No. 179. Robert T. Jones, Jr., petitioner, v. W. E. Page, Jr., et al.
Motion for leave to file petition for rehearing submitted by Mr.
Randolph W. Thrower on behalf of counsel for the petitioner.
No. 15, original. State of Kansas, complainant, v. State of Mis-
souri. Motion of E. A. Cole for leave to file bill of intervention
presented.
Adjourned until Monday, June 3, next, at 12 o'clock.
✗

MONDAY, JUNE 3, 1940
264
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: The Chief Justice, Mr. Justice McReynolds, Mr. Justice
Stone, Mr. Justice Roberts, Mr. Justice Black, Mr. Justice Reed, Mr.
Justice Frankfurter, Mr. Justice Douglas, and Mr. Justice Murphy.
Harold Weill, of New York City; Donald L. Brown, of New York
City; Robert T. Wright, of Chicago, Ill.; Margaret A. Shea, of
Washington, D. C.; Sigmund Timberg, of New York City; Alex
Edgar Gordon, of Indianapolis, Ind.; Edward R. Hicks, of Little
Rock, Ark.; Virgil T. Seaberry, of Eastland, Tex.; Edward I.
Aronow, of New York City; Rollin C. Alderson, of Austin, Minn.;
Robert A. Grant, of South Bend, Ind.; Harry A. Feder, of Denver,
Colo.; John D. Hill, of Birmingham, Ala.; Wilbur Charles Stone,
of St. Petersburg, Fla.; Floyd Francis Shields, of Topeka, Kans.;
Benjamin Franklin Cameron, of Meridian, Miss.; J. Francis Harter,
of Eggertsville, N. Y.; Clarence M. Wilchar, of El Paso, Tex.; Mae
Carvell, of Los Angeles, Calif.; Stanley E. Disney, of Muskogee,
Okla.; Robert J. White, of Russellville, Ark.; Clore Warne, of Los
Angeles, Calif.; Lycurgus L. Marshall, of Cleveland, Ohio; Edmund
Nelson, of Los Angeles, Calif.; Charles Samenow, of New Haven,
Conn.; Raymond M. Myers, of Dallas, Tex.; Robert V. Shirley, of
Houston, Tex.; James O. Marberry, Jr., of Austin, Tex.; Frank H.
Cole, Jr., of Cincinnati, Ohio; Robert H. Duff, of Washington,
D. C.; Charles H. Weidner, of Reading, Pa.; Samuel S. Isseks, of
New York City; Fowler Hamilton, of Kansas City, Mo.; Monroe
Karasik, of New York City; Allison E. Schofield, of San Francisco,
Calif.; Rose Marie Hand, of Washington, D. C.; Courtnay C.
Hamilton, of Lebanon, Tenn.; Horace G. Hitchcock, of New York
City; Gerald B. Brophy, of New York City; Harold U. Daniels, of
Painesville, Ohio; Stanley D. Foster, of Boston, Mass.; John Paul
Jennings, of San Francisco, Calif.; H. W. Vincent, of Bowling
Green, Ky.; Osborne Shannon P. Koerner, of Grove City, Pa.;
Marguerite E. Fulton, of St. Louis, Mo.; Lawrence S. Poston, of
Louisville, Ky.; Nathan Rosenberg, of New York City; Stuart S.
Ball, of Chicago, Ill.; Joseph Walter Jarrett, of Los Angeles, Calif.;
James Carey O'Brien, of Washington, D. C.; Philip Paul Maren-
berg, of Brooklyn, N. Y.; Frank S. Normann, of New Orleans, La.;
181208-40--96

MONDAY, JUNE 3, 1940
265
Clayton B. Pierce, of Oklahoma City, Okla.; William Taft Lesh, of
Muncie, Ind.; Ralph Archibald Smith, of Kansas City, Mo.; Scott
D. Kellogg, of Washington, D. C.; Loton Wells, of Los Angeles,
Calif.; Thomas J. Kehoe, of Cleveland, Ohio; Louis A. Pagnucco,
of New York City; James Farraher, of San Francisco, Calif.;
Karl F. Steinmann, of Baltimore, Md.; John W. Cable III, of Balti-
more, Md.; Harold H. Hart, of Salt Lake City, Utah; John W.
Ahern, of Texarkana, Ark.; Harry C. Richter, of Dayton, Ohio;
and Frank Zugelter, of Cincinnati, Ohio, were admitted to practice.
No. 681. Railroad Commission of Texas et al., petitioners, v.
Rowan & Nichols Oil Company. On writ of certiorari to the United
States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit. Judgment
reversed with costs and cause remanded to the District Court of the
United States for the Western District of Texas for further pro-
ceedings in conformity with the opinion of this Court. Opinion by
Mr. Justice Frankfurter. Dissenting opinion by Mr. Justice Roberts
in which the Chief Justice and Mr. Justice McReynolds join.
No. 690. Minersville School District, Board of Education of
Minersville School District et al., petitioners, v. Walter Gobitis,
Individually, and Lillian Gobitis et al. On writ of certiorari to the
United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Third Circuit.
Judgment reversed with costs and cause remanded to the District
Court of the United States for the Eastern District of Pennsylvania
for further proceedings in conformity with the opinion of this Court.
Opinion by Mr. Justice Frankfurter. Mr. Justice McReynolds con-
curs in the result. Dissenting opinion by Mr. Justice Stone.
No. 9, original. The State of Arkansas, complainant, v. The State
of Tennessee. Exceptions of the State of Arkansas to the report.
of the Special Master overruled and the report in all respects con-
firmed. Decree to be settled on notice. Opinion by Mr. Chief Jus-
tice Hughes.
The Chief Justice announced the following orders of the Court:
No. 1001. Mary C. Doyle, appellant, v. City of St. Paul, Mark H.
Gehan, Mayor, et al., etc. Appeal from the Supreme Court of the
State of Minnesota. Per curiam: The judgment is affirmed. Violet
Trapping Co. v. Grace, 297 U. S. 119, 120; Ingraham v. Hanson, 297
U. S. 378, 381; Schenebeck v. McCrary, 298 U. S. 36, 37.
No. 476. The United States of America, appellant, v. Northern
Pacific Railway Company et al. This cause is set for reargument
October 14, 1940. The Court desires to hear argument limited to the

MONDAY, JUNE 3, 1940
266
purpose, scope, and effect of the Act of June 25, 1929, the relief
thereby afforded the parties, and the defenses made available to them;
and to appellant's assignments of errors 1-12 inc., 13 (insofar as it
relates to failure to construct a line from Wallula, Washington, to
Portland, Oregon), 19-27 inc., 29, 30, 32, 33, 36-40 inc., 42, 43, 52–54
inc.—particularly with reference to the bearing of the matters com-
prehended in these assignments upon the nature and extent of the
relief accorded, and the defenses made available, to the parties
respectively, by secs. 1, 2, 5, and 6 of said Act.
The Chief Justice said:
"The other orders of the Court appear upon the list certified by
the Chief Justice and filed with the Clerk and will not be announced
orally."
ORDER
It is ordered that paragraph (2) of Order 53 of the General
Orders in Bankruptcy heretofore promulgated by this Court be
and it hereby is amended to read as follows:
"(2) The condition of bonds hereafter given shall be substan-
tially to the effect that the banking institution, so designated, shall
well and truly account for and pay over all moneys deposited with
it as such depository, and shall pay out such moneys only as pro-
vided by the bankruptcy law and applicable general orders and
court rules, and shall abide by all orders of the court in respect of
such moneys, and shall otherwise faithfully perform all duties per-
taining to it as such depository; provided, that no security in the
form of a bond or otherwise shall be required in the case of such
part of the deposits as are insured under section 12 B of the Federal
Reserve Act, as amended."
It is further ordered that this amendment shall take effect im-
mediately.
•
No., original. Ex parte Edmond C. Fletcher, petitioner. The
motion for leave to file petition for writ of prohibition is denied.
No. -, original. Ex parte Robert H. Denton, Jr., petitioner.
The motion for leave to file petition for writ of habeas corpus is
denied.
No. -, original, Ex parte Albert Smith, petitioner. The motion
for leave to file petition for writ of mandamus is denied.
No. 9, original. State of Arkansas, complainant, v. State of Ten-
nessee. An order is entered fixing the compensation and allowing
the expenses of the Special Master herein.

MONDAY, JUNE 3, 1940
267
No. 15, original. State of Kansas, complainant, v. State of Mis-
souri. The motion of E. A. Cole for leave to file a Bill of Inter-
vention is denied.
No. 353. Milk Wagon Drivers Union of Chicago, Local 753, a Vol-
untary Unincorporated Association, et al., petitioners, v. Meadow-
moor Dairies, Inc. The motion for leave to file a second petition for
rehearing is granted. The motion papers are treated as a petition
for rehearing, and rehearing is granted. The order of October 23,
1939, denying certiorari is vacated. The petition for certiorari to
the Supreme Court of the State of Illinois is granted, and the case is
assigned for argument immediately following No. 929.
No. 1003. Rebecca Shelley, petitioner, v. The United States of
America. On petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals
of the District of Columbia;
No. 926. William McAffee, petitioner, v. The United States of
America. On petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia;
No. 958. Robert Henry Williams, petitioner, v. Joseph W. San-
ford, Warden, etc. On petition for writ of certiorari to the United
States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit;
No. 1028. Dr. J. D. Bradley, petitioner, v. Hon. Frank Simpson,
Solicitor General ex rel. of Piedmont Circuit, Georgia. On petition
for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals of the State of Georgia;
and
No. 1045. Otis B. Moore, petitioner, v. Robert H. Hudspeth, War-
den, etc. On petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Circuit Court of Appeals for the Tenth Circuit. The motions for
leave to proceed further herein in forma pauperis are denied for the
reason that the Court, upon examination of the papers herein sub-
mitted, finds no ground upon which writs of certiorari should be
issued. The petitions for writs of certiorari are therefore also
denied.
No. 1016. Arthur Curtis Wagner, alias J. Sikorsky, alias Jan
Sikorsky, petitioner, v. The United States of America. On petition
for writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals
for the Fifth Circuit. The motion for leave to proceed further
herein in forma pauperis is denied for the reason that the Court, upon
examination of the papers herein submitted, finds no ground upon
which a writ of certiorari should be issued. The petition for writ
of certiorari is therefore also denied. Mr. Justice Douglas took no
part in the consideration and decision of these applications.
No. 179. Robert T. Jones, Jr., petitioner, v. W. E. Page, Jr., et al.;
No. 188. Jerome A. Jacobs, petitioner, v. The State of New York;
and

MONDAY, JUNE 3, 1940
268
No. 457. Gans Steamship Line, a corporation, petitioner, v. The
United States of America. The motions for leave to file petitions for
rehearing in these cases are denied.
No. 929, October term, 1938. First National Bank of Chicago, peti-
tioner, v. The United States of America;
No. 854. John M. Moon, petitioner, v. The Union Central Life
Insurance Company et al. The motions for leave to file second peti-
tions for rehearing in these cases are denied.
No. 785. Elmer Ray Lowman, petitioner, v. The Federal Land
Bank of Louisville, Kentucky, et al. The motion for leave to file
second petition for rehearing in this case is granted.
No. 961. Best & Company, Inc., appellant, v. A. J. Maxwell, Com-
missioner of Revenue for the State of North Carolina.
No. 1023. Carol Harriman Stewart, appellant, v. Commonwealth
of Pennsylvania; and
No. 1017. The United States of America, appellant, v. F. W.
Darby Lumber Company and Fred W. Darby. In these cases prob-
able jurisdiction is noted.
No. 930. Railroad Commission of Texas and Lon A. Smith et al.,
appellants, v. Humble Oil and Refining Company. In this case
probable jurisdiction is noted. The motion to advance is denied. The
motion for stay is granted and the enforcement of the decree of the
District Court is stayed pending the determination of the case by
this Court.
No. 953. Lamont William Bowman, petitioner, v. Martin Lop-
erena et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Cir-
cuit Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit granted.
No. 967. Harry Ryan, petitioner, v. The Employers' Liability As-
surance Corporation, Limited. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Sixth Circuit granted.
No. 977. Frank L. Kloeb, Judge, etc., petitioner, v. Armour &
Company. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Cir-
cuit Court of Appeals for the Sixth Circuit granted.
No. 996. H. J. Heinz Company, petitioner, v. National Labor Re-
lations Board. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Circuit Court of Appeals for the Sixth Circuit granted.
No. 1005. Robert H. Jackson, Attorney General of the United
States, on behalf of the United States and as Successor to the Alien
Property Custodian, petitioner, v. Irving Trust Company, as Execu-
tor, etc. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit
Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit granted.
No. 1024. Mikhail Nicholas Gorin, petitioner, v. The United
States of America; and

MONDAY, JUNE 3, 1940
269
No. 1025. Hafis Salich, petitioner, v. The United States of Amer-
ica. Petition for writs of certiorari to the United States Circuit
Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit granted.
No. 978. William B. Milliken, Margaret M. Milliken, et al., peti-
tioners, v. Violet L. Meyer, both individually and as administratrix,
etc. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of the
State of Colorado granted.
No. 962. Electro-Chemical Engraving Co., Inc., petitioner, v. Com-
missioner of Internal Revenue. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit
granted and case assigned for argument immediately following No.
895.
No. 992. Reconstruction Finance Corporation et al., petitioners, v.
Prudence Securities Advisory Group et al. The motion to dispense
with the further printing of the record is granted, and the petition
is deemed properly filed in accordance with Rule 38. The petition
for writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for
the Second Circuit is granted.
No. 972. The Times-Mirror Company and L. D. Hotchkiss, peti-
tioners, v. The Superior Court of the State of California, etc. Peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of the State of
California granted and case assigned for argument immediately
following No. 759.
No. 993. Grand Trunk Western Railroad Company, petitioner, v.
Hazel E. Stephenson, as Administratrix etc.; and
No. 994. Grand Trunk Western Railroad Company, petitioner, v.
Hazel E. Stephenson, as Administratrix etc. Petition for writ of
certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the
Seventh Circuit granted, limited to the question whether the District
Court properly disposed of the causes in view of Illinois Revised
Statutes 1937, Chapter 70, Section 2.
No. 959. American Medical Association et al., petitioners, v. The
United States of America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
United States Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia denied.
Mr. Justice Murphy took no part in the consideration and decision
of this application.
No. 963. Wichita Royalty Company et al., petitioners, v. City Na-
tional Bank of Wichita Falls et al. The motion to dispense with
reprinting Volumes 1, 2, and 3 of the record is granted. The peti-
tion for writ of certiorari is denied.
No. 1015. Donahoe's Incorporated Preferred and Class A Stock-
holders' Protective Association et al., petitioners, v. Donahoe's Incor-
porated et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Circuit Court of Appeals for the Third Circuit denied. Mr. Jus-

MONDAY, JUNE 3, 1940
270
tice Douglas took no part in the consideration and decision of this
application.
No. 873. Arabi Packing Co., Inc., petitioner, v. Commissioner of
Internal Revenue. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United
States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 917. Elmer Rundin, petitioner, v. C. J. Sells. Petition for
writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of the State of Washington
denied.
No. 939. The United States of America, ex rel. Michael Tsevdos,
petitioner, v. Rudolph Reimer, Commissioner of Immigration. Peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of
Appeals for the Second Circuit denied.
No. 940. Sentinel Oil Co., petitioner, v. The United States of
America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit
Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit denied.
No. 941. Charles S. Ladinsky and Moe Kanner, petitioners, v. The
United States of America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Eighth Circuit de-
nied.
No. 950. Arrow Distilleries, Inc., petitioner, v. Wilford S. Alex-
ander, Administrator etc. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Seventh Circuit
denied.
No. 954. Andre de Coppet and Muriel de Coppet, petitioners, v.
Commissioner of Internal Revenue. Petition for writ of certiorari
to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit
denied.
No. 956. W. Ballard, petitioner, v. The Atchison, Topeka and
Santa Fe Railway Company. Petition for writ of certiorari to
the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit
denied.
No. 960. W. G. Arn et al., petitioners, v. Bradshaw Oil & Gas Com-
pany et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Circuit Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 965. John F. Hughes, as Trustee, etc., petitioner, v. Lawyers
Trust Company. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Circuit Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit denied.
No. 966. A. W. Richter, petitioner, v. James E. Pritchard, Trus-
tee. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit
Court of Appeals for the Seventh Circuit denied.
No. 968. The Union Joint Stock Land Bank of Detroit, petitioner,
v. L. D. Eaton, Receiver, etc. Petition for writ of certiorari to
the Supreme Court of the State of Ohio denied.

MONDAY, JUNE 3, 1940
271
No. 969. Gay Union Corporation, Inc., et al., petitioners, v. Henry
A. Wallace, Secretary of Agriculture. Petition for writ of cer-
tiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the District of
Columbia denied.
No. 971. Grain Belt Supply Company, petitioner, v. Commis-
sioner of Internal Revenue. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Eighth Circuit
denied.
No. 974. The United States of America, ex rel. Grover Cleveland
Bergdoll, petitioner, v. Lieutenant General Hugh A. Drum, Com-
manding Officer, United States Army, etc., et al. Petition for writ
of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the
Second Circuit denied.
No. 983. George R. Pietch, petitioner, v. The United States of
America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Cir-
cuit Court of Appeals for the Tenth Circuit denied.
No. 985. George C. Beidler, petitioner, v. Photostat Corporation.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court
of Appeals for the Second Circuit denied.
No. 988. Hartford Accident & Indemnity Company, petitioner, v.
Frank A. Cardillo, Deputy Commissioner, etc. Petition for writ
of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the District
of Columbia denied.
No. 989. Neumann-Endler, Inc., petitioner, v. The United States
(Majestic Forwarding & Shipping Co., appearing as parties in in-
terest). Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court
of Customs & Patent Appeals denied.
No. 997. Fidelity-Bankers Trust Company, Trustee, etc., et al.,
petitioners, v. Guy T. Helvering, Commissioner of Internal Revenue.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the District of Columbia denied.
No. 973. Tennessee Consolidated Coal Company, petitioner, v. The
United States. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Claims
denied.
No. 976. Bertha B. Channell, Executrix, petitioner, v. Albert E.
Sampson. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Cir-
cuit Court of Appeals for the First Circuit denied.
No. 980. Samuel E. Diescher and Mrs. Samuel E. Diescher, peti-
tioners, v. Commissioner of Internal Revenue; and
No. 981. August P. Diescher and Mrs. August P. Diescher, peti-
tioners, v. Commissioner of Internal Revenue. Petition for writs of
certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the
Third Circuit denied.

MONDAY, JUNE 3, 1940
272
No. 986. Portland Oil Company, petitioner, v. Commissioner of
Internal Revenue. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United
States Circuit Court of Appeals for the First Circuit denied.
No. 1002. David Pender and Mellie W. Pender, petitioners, v.
Commissioner of Internal Revenue. Petition for writ of certiorari
to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Fourth Circuit
denied.
No. 1004. Margaret W. Meyer, as Executrix, etc., petitioner, v.
Commissioner of Internal Revenue. Petition for writ of certiorari
to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit
denied.
No. 1006. Mattie Pandolfi, Stephen LoPiccolo, et al., petitioners, v.
The United States of America. Petition for writ of certiorari to
the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit
denied.
No. 1008. The Brown Paper Mill Company, Inc., petitioner, v.
National Labor Relations Board. Petition for writ of certiorari to
the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit
denied.
No. 1022. Edward Coupe and Henry Lynch, petitioners, v. The
United States of America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
United States Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia denied.
No. 1038. John Touchton, petitioner, v. City of Fort Pierce, Flor-
ida, Debtor. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Circuit Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 1046. Joseph Bayer, petitioner, v. The United States of Amer-
ica. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit
Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit denied.
No. 975. International Trading Corporation, petitioner, v. Charles
Edison, Individually, etc., et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to
the United States Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia
denied.
No. 984. Alex T. Denton, petitioner, v. Frank O. Lowden et al.,
as Tustees, etc. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Circuit Court of Appeals for the Eighth Circuit denied.
No. 990. Cummer Sons Cypress Company, petitioner, v. Atlantic
Coast Line Railroad Company. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 991. Wilson Cypress Company, petitioner, v. Atlantic Coast
Line Railroad Company. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 999. Jane Holding Corporation, petitioner, v. Guy T. Helver-
ing, Commissioner of Internal Revenue. Petition for writ of cer-
181208-40-97

MONDAY, JUNE 3, 1940
273
tiorari to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Eighth
Circuit denied.
No. 1012. Zinsmaster Baking Company, petitioner, v. Commis-
sioner of Internal Revenue. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Eighth Circuit
denied.
No. 1019. Mercantile-Commerce Bank & Trust Company et al.,
petitioners, v. Guy T. Helvering, Commissioner of Internal Revenue.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of
Appeals for the Eighth Circuit denied.
No. 1057. Max Ziskin, petitioner, v. The United States of Amer-
ica. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit
Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit denied.
No. 346. The United States of America, petitioner, v. Socony-
Vacuum Oil Company, Inc. et al.; and
No. 347. Socony-Vacuum Oil Company, Inc., et al., petitioners, v.
The United States of America. The petitions for rehearing in these
cases are denied. The Chief Justice and Mr. Justice Murphy took
no part in the consideration and decision of these applications.
No. 329. Henry Russell, Lawrence Miller, et al., petitioners, v.
James S. Todd, Joseph R. Work, et al.;
No. 635. Herbert Tigner, appellant, v. The State of Texas;
No. 714. The Cuban-American Sugar Company, petitioner, v.
The United States;
No. 808. Irving Knott Baxter, petitioner, v. Emory University
et al.;
No. 821. James M. Wright, petitioner, v. First Joint Stock Land
Bank of Fort Wayne, Indiana, et al.;
No. 881. State of Ohio, ex rel. Frank Jonak, appellant, v. James
A. White et al.; and
No. 921. B. J. Wynne, A. M. Lockett & Company, Ltd., et al., ap-
pellants, v. The State of Texas. The petitions for rehearing in these
cases are denied.
The Chief Justice announced the following order:
ORDER
All cases submitted and all business before the Court at this term
in readiness for disposition having been disposed of
It is ordered by this Court that all cases on the docket be, and they
hereby are, continued to the next term.
Adjourned to the time and place appointed by law.