I
OCTOBER TERM, 1940
STATISTICS
Number of cases on docket….
Cases disposed of ___
Remaining on docket__.
Original
Appellate
Total
15
569
1,094
979
1, 109
985
115
124
Cases disposed of-
By written opinions__
195
By per curiam opinions___
86
By denial or dismissal of petitions for certiorari_
By motion to dismiss or per stipulation ____
By final decree (No. 9, Original) --
695
8
1
Number of written opinions___
Number of admissions to bar-
165
912
REFERENCE INDEX
President Roosevelt, Court recessed to attend inaugura-
tion of
Hughes, C. J., correspondence upon retirement ____
Van Devanter, J., death of (February 8, 1941) announced --
McReynolds, J., statement by Chief Justice upon retirement__
Harold B. Willey appointed Deputy Clerk (February 17,
1941)
Page
123
257
139
124
150
Advisory Committee appointed to assist the Court in the
preparation of Criminal Rules prior to verdict, etc______
George F. Longsdorf named a member of the Criminal Rules
Advisory Committee.
128
239
Administrative Office of United States Courts-transfer of
appropriations
239
Allotment of Justices-Murphy, J., assigned temporarily to
the Sixth Circuit ___
250
Disbarment, In the matter of-
Clyde H. Walker____.
157
Clement J. McGovern
158, 211
Rules of Supreme Court-Rule 36, par. 2, amended____
Rules of Supreme Court-Rule 32, par. 7, amended
266260-41--96
34
239

II
Criminal Appeals Rules-Rule V (Supersedeas) amended
Criminal Appeals Rules made applicable to proceedings in Dis-
trict Courts of Alaska, Hawaii, Puerto Rico, Canal Zone,
and Virgin Islands___
Rules of Procedure and Practice for the Trial of Cases before
Commissioners and for Taking and Hearing of Appeals to
the District Courts of the United States promulgated______
Circuit Courts of Appeals-Order establishing table of fees
amended__
Bonds of Clerk approved.
Special Master resigned (No. 11, Original).
Page
33
185
102
168
102
129
192
Counsel appointed (Nos. 364; 173; 14, Original) -------- 47, 53,
Opinions amended (Nos. 681 October Term, 1939; 9, 10 & 11;
28; 242 and 243; 82; 330; 268 and 269; 291; 373; 537; 535;
14, Original).
35, 132, 141, 150, 179. 186, 212, 250
Judgments affirmed by equally divided Court (Nos. 603; 54;
133, 134; 586; 587; 584; 678; 686).
Confession of Error by Solicitor General and motions to re-
verse (Nos. 319 and 320-opposed by petitioner; 744; 697;
827)
137, 140, 178, 196, 223
184, 196, 205
Costs request for an order requiring deposit to cover costs
of Special Master granted (No. 11, Original) --
Mandate recalled for correction as to costs (No. 459 October
Term. 1939).
Appeals dismissed and certiorari granted (Nos. 133–4) …….
Certiorari-petition to U. S. Court of Customs and Patent Ap-
peals denied for want of jurisdiction, citing Postum Cereal
Co. v. California Fig Nut Co., 272 U. S. 693, and other cases
(No. 76)
250
26
999
46
14
Certiorari denied for failure to file within time (Nos. 263; 367;
68;355; 392:492; 835; 857-8; 1081) ___ 15, 36, 37, 47, 64, 213, 224, 252
Certiorari denied for failure to file within time-time was com-
puted from order denying motion to file rehearing (No. 345) –
Certiorari denied for failure to file within time-counsel errone-
ously relied on an extension of time granted by the Chief
Justice of State court (No. 480).
Certiorari denied with three Justices dissenting (No. 379).
Certiorari denied with one Justice dissenting (No. 657) ….
Certiorari-petition dismissed for failure to comply with the
rules (No. 667).
47
56
38
131
161, 170
Certiorari denied because of non-Federal ground adequate to
support judgment (No. 483) -
97

III
Certiorari denied without prejudice to an application to the Dis-
trict Court to reduce fines to an amount allowed by statute
(No. 596) ____
Certiorari denied for want of jurisdiction (No. 662). Substi-
tution of party petitioner-State Officer-had not been made
prior to filing of petition, citing Davis v. Preston, 280 U. S.
406_
Cf. No. 1035, p. 242, where substitution of party respondent―
State Officer was granted where change occurred before
petitioner filed.
Certiorari denied for want of a final judgment (Nos. 751;
777) ----
Page
103
142
170, 187
Certiorari denied because record did not show that federal
question presented was necessarily decided by State court
(No. 901)-See note on same case under "Rehearing
Granted."
225, 249
Certiorari granted and judgment reversed for want of juris-
diction of C. C. A. because of absence of final judgment in
the District Court (No. 705) ---
Certiorari denial of vacated and certiorari granted (No.
449)___
149
198
247
Stipulation to strike cause from docket (No. 6, Original) ----
Stipulation to abide decision in companion case (Nos. 37; 368) – 52, 153
Stipulation for entry of judgment (No. 315) ---
117, 121
Suggestion of diminution of record-certiorari granted to
correct same pursuant to provisions of par. (c) of Rule 75
of Rules of Civil Procedure (No. 312) ---
Motion to file supplemental petition for certiorari granted
where respondent objected on ground that new questions.
were presented and time for filing certiorari had expired
(No. 322)
Motion to reverse granted (Nos. 547 and 548).
Motion to intervene granted (Nos. 242 and 243) ….
Motion for stay granted (No. 814).
Reargument ordered (No. 588). Case, involving State statute,
had been submitted on brief by State (appellee). Court di-
rected that Attorney General of State appear in person or
by his representative on reargument__
Reargument ordered (Nos. 421-2-3-4; 19; 64)
Rehearing granted (Nos. 277; 761; 584; 586; 587; 603; 678; 54;
133; 134; 686).
130
38
79
106
164
224
241, 251
186, 198, 212, 224, 232
1/2 t

IV
Rehearing granted (No. 901). Certiorari had been denied be-
cause it did not appear from the record that the federal ques-
tion presented by the petition was necessarily decided by the
Court of Appeals of New York. State court amended re-
mittitur on motion. Suggesting that jurisdictional defect
had been supplied, petitioner moved for a rehearing. Re-
hearing granted, certiorari granted, and judgment reversed
simultaneously---
Motion for leave to file petition for rehearing denied where
petition for certiorari had been denied at a prior Term (No.
876, October Term, 1938). Counsel contended for overthrow
of doctrine that jurisdiction is lost at conclusion of Term in
view of a contrary doctrine expressed in Rules of Civil
Procedure
Order suspending call of docket.
Order fixing adjournment date_
Final order………
Page
249
256
226
233
256
U. S. GOVERNMENT PRINTING OFFICE: 1941

MONDAY, OCTOBER 7, 1940
1
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: The Chief Justice, Mr. Justice McReynolds, Mr. Justice
Stone, Mr. Justice Roberts, Mr. Justice Black, Mr. Justice Reed,
Mr. Justice Frankfurter, Mr. Justice Douglas, and Mr. Justice
Murphy.
Walter Alfred Dexter, of Atlanta, Ga.; Theodore Spector, of New
York City; W. H. Mizell, of West Palm Beach, Fla.; Milton C.
Weisman, of New York City; Melvin A. Albert, of New York City;
V. J. Lucareli, of Kenosha, Wis.; Albert H. Boyd, of Beaumont, Tex.;
Maurice D. L. Fuller, of San Francisco, Calif.; William L. Cary, of
Columbus, Ohio; Frank Griffin, of Kellogg, Idaho; Wade H.
Kitchens, of Magnolia, Ark.; Charles Rivers Aiken, of Chicago,
Ill.; James B. Newman, of Cedar Falls, Iowa; Lafe B. Chafin, of
Williamson, W. Va.; George F. Edwardes, of Texarkana, Ark.;
Youart Herbert Kerslake, of Washington, D. C.; J. Villard Framp-
ton, of Oil City, Pa.; Francis X. Nestor, of New York City; Kath-
arine Peffers Ely, of Washington, D. C.; James Kenneth Ely, of
Pittsburgh, Pa.; Otto H. Eschholz, of Pittsburgh, Pa.; Orwill
V. W. Hawkins, of New York City; E. Douglas Schwantes, of
Chicago, Ill.; Anthony S. Falcone, of Utica, N. Y.; Hadlond
P. Thomas, of Salt Lake City, Utah; William J. Ruano, of Washing-
ton, D. C.; Gavin M. Crawford, of Pittsburgh, Pa.; Nathan G. Chil-
cott, of Pittsburgh, Pa.; Alton V. Evans, of Long Branch, N. J.;
Eugene V. Slattery, of Eugene, Oreg.; George Edward Leonard, Jr.,
of Chicago, Ill.; Charles P. McCarthy, of Los Angeles, Calif.; Mayo
H. Roberts, of Dallas, Tex.; Hubert H. Margolies, of New York City;
William L. Mason, of St. Louis, Mo.; Edward Aubrey Clark, of
Austin, Tex.; R. W. Maxwell, of Seattle, Wash.; Frank G. Shea, of
Providence, R. I.; Newman T. Miller, of West Palm Beach, Fla.; Jose
F. Camunas, of Rio Piedras, P. R.; David H. Jacobs, of Meriden,
Conn.; Geoffrey P. Mahoney, of Minneapolis, Minn.; Stafford Cald-
well, of Tallahassee, Fla.; Ernest Howard Campbell, of Olympia,
Wash.; Gerald W. Harrington, of Providence, R. I.; Parker Fulton,
of Cleveland, Ohio; Ralph E. Lum, Jr., of Chatham, N. J.; William
H. Edwards, of Providence, R. I.; John H. Stembler, of Miami, Fla.;
William C. Gaither, Jr., of Miami, Fla.; and James M. McNally, of
Le Mars, Iowa, were admitted to practice.
266260-40--1

MONDAY, OCTOBER 7, 1940
2
No. 264. Guy T. Helvering, Commissioner of Internal Revenue,
petitioner, v. Pan-American Life Insurance Company. Motion for
leave to file brief for the respondent submitted by Mr. Edmund S.
Kochersperger on behalf of counsel for the respondent.
No. 3. The United States of America, appellant, v. Northern
Pacific Railway Company et al. Motion for leave to file brief of
Minority Stockholders of Northern Pacific Railroad Company sub-
mitted by Mr. Raymond M. Hudson in that behalf.
No. 21. Bacardi Corporation of America, petitioner, v. Rafael
Sancho Bonet, Treasurer and Destileria Serralles, Inc. Manuel I.
Domenech, present Treasurer of Puerto Rico substituted as a party
respondent in the place and stead of Rafael Sancho Bonet, former
Treasurer, on motion of Mr. Preston B. Kavanagh for the petitioner.
No. 327. E. B. Futrall, Receiver, etc., petitioner, v. Mrs. Ella M.
Ray. A. F. Rawlings, present Receiver of the Lee County National
Bank, substituted as the party petitioner in the place and stead of
E. B. Futrall, former Receiver, on motion of Mr. George P. Barse
for the petitioner.
-
No., original. Ex parte Thomas K. Case, petitioner. Motion for
leave to file petition for writ of mandamus or prohibition presented.
No.
original. Ex parte Berkshire Knitting Mills, petitioner.
Motion for leave to file petition for writ of mandamus presented.
No. 9, original. State of Arkansas, complainant, v. State of Ten-
nessee. Proposed form of decree presented.
No. 11, original. State of Kansas, complainant, v. State of Mis-
souri. Answer of defendant presented.
No. 125. Missouri Pacific Transportation Company, petitioner, v.
Chester Talley. On petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme
Court of the State of Arkansas. Dismissed on motion of counsel for
the petitioner.
No. 241. J. A. Burleigh, petitioner, v. The United States of Amer-
ica, acting for and in behalf of the Farm Credit Administration.
On petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court
of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit. Dismissed pursuant to stipula-
tion of counsel.
No. 339. Monte E. Hart, petitioner, v. The United States of
America. On petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Circuit Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit. Dismissed on mo-
tion of counsel for the petitioner.
Adjourned until Monday, October 14 next, at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Monday, October 14, will be as follows: Nos. 12, 3,
5, 13, 14, 15, 17 (and 18), 19, 64, and 20.

MONDAY, OCTOBER 14, 1940
3
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: The Chief Justice, Mr. Justice McReynolds, Mr. Justice
Stone, Mr. Justice Roberts, Mr. Justice Black, Mr. Justice Reed, Mr.
Justice Frankfurter, Mr. Justice Douglas, and Mr. Justice Murphy..
Charles Hill Mooney, of Waco, Tex.; William A. White, of San
Francisco, Calif.; Wm. Fleet Palmer, of Los Angeles, Calif.; Daryal
A. Myse, of Madison, Wis.; John Franklin Law, of Chicago, Ill.;
George Edward Levings, of East Falls Church, Va.; Odell S. Mc-
Connell, of Los Angeles, Calif.; William Macy, of New York City;
John C. Bruton, Jr., of New York City; Fraser M. Horn, of New
York City; Creswell M. Micou, of New York City; Morton Waller
Belcher, Jr., of New York City; Wendell W. Forbes, of New York
City; and Jesse Knight, of New York City, were admitted to
practice.
The Chief Justice said:
"The judgments and orders of the Court appear upon the list certi-
fied by the Chief Justice and filed with the Clerk and will not be
announced orally."
No. 104. Snead & Company, appellant, v. Margaret Steinmetz.
Appeal from the Court of Errors and Appeals of the State of New
Jersey. Per curiam: The motion to affirm is granted and the judg-
ment is affirmed. Alaska Packers Association v. Industrial Accident
Commission, 294 U. S. 532.
No. 265. William D. Van Dyke, Jr., and Douglass Van Dyke, as
Trustee, etc., appellants, v. Wisconsin Tax Commission et al.; and
No. 266. First Wisconsin Trust Company, as Trustee, etc., appel-
lant, v. Wisconsin Tax Commission et al. Appeals from the Supreme
Court of the State of Wisconsin. Per curiam: The motions to affirm
are granted and the judgments are affirmed. Pearson v. McGraw,
308 U. S. 313.
No. 276. Columbus and Chicago Motor Freight, Inc., appellant, v.
Public Service Commission of the State of Indiana et al. Appeal
from the District Court of the United States for the Northern Dis-
trict of Indiana. Per curiam: The judgment is affirmed. Hendrick
v. Maryland, 235 U. S. 610; McDonald v. Thompson, 305 U. S. 263;
Welch v. New Hampshire, 306 U. S. 79; Eicholz v. Public Service
Commission, 306 U. S. 268.
266260-40-2

MONDAY, OCTOBER 14, 1940
4
No. 156. John J. Holmes, as State Auditor and Ex Officio Com-
missioner of Insurance of the State of Montana, appellant, v. Spring-
field Fire & Marine Insurance Company. Appeal from the District
Court of the United States for the District of Montana. Per curiam:
The judgment is reversed. Osborn v. Ozlin, 310 U. S. 53.
No. 114. Wacker-Wabash Corporation, appellant, v. City of Chi-
cago. Appeal from the Supreme Court of the State of Illinois. Per
curiam: The motion to dismiss is granted and the appeal is dismissed
for want of a substantial federal question. Cincinnati Street Ry. Co.
v. Snell, 193 U. S. 30, 36; Iowa Central Ry. v. Iowa, 160 U. S. 389,
393; Pittsburgh Ry. Co. v. Backus, 154 U. S. 421, 427.
No. 170. Yazoo & Mississippi Valley Railroad Company, appel-
lant, v. The Board of Mississippi Levee Commissioners. Appeal
from the Supreme Court of the State of Mississippi. Per curiam:
The motion to dismiss is granted and the appeal is dismissed for
want of a substantial federal question. Nashville Ry. Co. v. Brown-
ing, 310 U. S. 362, 368–369; Rapid Transit Co. v. New York, 303
U. S. 573, 578-581; Atlantic Coast Line v. Daughton, 262 U. S.
413, 423-424.
No. 222. W. J. Kirkpatrick, appellant, v. J. Alice Stelling. Ap-
peal from the District Court of Appeal, 1st Appellate District, State
of California. Per curiam: The motion to dismiss is granted and
the appeal is dismissed for want of a substantial federal question.
Honeyman v. Jacobs, 306 U. S. 539; Richmond Mortgage Corpora-
tion v. Wachovia Co., 300 U. S. 124.
No. 143. F. C. Crow, T. J. Gourley, and W. H. Murphy, Constitut-
ing the Arkansas State Board of Chiropractic Examiners, et al.,
appellants, v. H. A. Stroud, M. C. Hawkins, Jr., et al. Appeal from
the Supreme Court of the State of Arkansas. Per curiam: The ap-
peal is dismissed for want of a substantial federal question. Dent
v. West Virginia, 129 U. S. 114, 121-124; Watson v. Maryland, 218
U. S. 173, 176–177; Collins v. Texas, 223 U. S. 288, 294–297.
No. 213. W. N. Horne, Ralph Blackburn, and L. Green, appellants,
v. The City of Ocala. Appeal from the Supreme Court of the State
of Florida. Per curiam: The appeal is dismissed for want of a
substantial federal question. Leigh v. Greene, 193 U. S. 79; Longyear
v. Toolon, 209 U. S. 414, 418; Ontario Land Co. v. Yordy, 212 U. S.
152, 156-158.
No. 441. H. E. Butt Grocery Company and Southwest Texas
Grocery Corporation, appellants, v. George H. Sheppard, Comp-
troller of Public Accounts of the State of Texas, et al. Appeal from
the Court of Civil Appeals, 3d Supreme Judicial District, State of
Texas. Per curiam: The appeal is dismissed for want of a sub-
stantial federal question. Board of Tax Commissioners v. Jackson,

MONDAY, OCTOBER 14, 1940
5
283 U. S. 527; Liggett Co. v. Lee, 288 U. S. 517; Fox v. Standard
Oil Co., 294 U. S. 87; Great A. & P. Tea Co. v. Grosjean, 301 U. S.
412.
No. 115. Luckenbach Terminals, Inc., appellant, v. Township of
North Bergen in the County of Hudson, etc., et al. Appeal from the
Court of Chancery of the State of New Jersey. Per curiam: The
motion to dismiss is granted and the appeal is dismissed for the rea-
son that the judgment of the court below is based upon a non-federal
ground adequate to support it. McCoy v. Shaw, 277 U. S. 302; Doyle
v. Atwell, 261 U. S. 590; Farson and Son Co. v. Bird, 248 U. S. 268,
271.
No. 286. Sinclair Refining Company, appellant, v. State of Louisi-
ana. Appeal from the Supreme Court of the State of Louisiana.
Per curiam: The motion to dismiss is granted and the appeal is dis-
missed for the want of a properly presented federal question. (1)
Godchaux Co. v. Estopinal, 251 U. S. 179; Rooker v. Fidelity Trust
Co., 261 U. S. 114, 117; Herndon v. Georgia, 295 U. S. 441, 443; (2)
Nashville R. Co. v. Schmidt, 177 U. S. 230, 236; Holmes v. Conway,
241 U. S. 624, 631-632; Insurance Co. v. Glidden, 284 U. S. 151, 158.
No. 299. Southwestern Bell Telephone Company, appellant, v.
Carrie C. Lee; and
No. 300. Southwestern Bell Telephone Company, appellant, v.
S. B. Hanna. Appeals from the Supreme Court of the State of Ar-
kansas. Per curiam: The motions to dismiss are granted and the ap-
peals are dismissed for want of a properly presented federal question,
Godchaux v. Estopinal, 251 U. S. 179; Rooker v. Fidelity Trust Co.,
261 U. S. 114, 117; Herndon v. Georgia, 295 U. S. 441, 443.
No. 326. John F. Corcoran, appellant, v. City of Chicago. Appeal
from the Supreme Court of the State of Illinois. Per curiam: The
motion to dismiss is granted and the appeal is dismissed for want of
a properly presented substantial federal question. (1) Cleveland &
Pittsburgh R. Co. v. Cleveland, 235 U. S. 50, 53; Hiawassee Power
Co. v. Carolina-Tenn. Co., 252 U. S. 341, 344; White River Co. v.
Arkansas, 279 U. S. 692, 700. (2) Escanaba & Lake Michigan Co. v.
Chicago, 107 U. S. 678, 688–689; Permoli v. First Municipality, 3
How. 589, 610; Cincinnati v. Railroad Co., 223 U. S. 390, 401. (3)
Pearson v. Yewdall, 95 U. S. 294, 296; Minneapolis & St. Louis R.
Co. v. Bombolis, 241 U. S. 211, 217.
No. 158. Jesse C. Bader, appellant, v. The People of the State of
Illinois. Appeal from the Supreme Court of the State of Illinois;
and
No. 189. Hartford Accident & Indemnity Company and Aetna
Casualty & Surety Company, appellants, v. Delta and Pine Land
Company. Appeal from the Supreme Court of the State of Missis-

MONDAY, OCTOBER 14, 1940
6
sippi. Per curiam: The motions to dismiss are granted and the ap-
peals are dismissed for want of jurisdiction. Section 237 (a), Judi-
cial Code, as amended by the Act of February 13, 1925 (43 Stat. 936,
937). Treating the papers whereon the appeals were allowed as peti-
tions for writs of certiorari, as required by section 237 (c) of the
Judicial Code (43 Stat. 936, 938), certiorari is denied.
No. 240. S. B. Wright and S. B. Wright, as Administrator, etc.,
appellants, v. Security-First National Bank of Los Angeles. Appeal
from the District Court of Appeal, 4th Appellate District, State of
California. Per curiam: The motion to dismiss is granted and the
appeal is dismissed for want of jurisdiction. Section 237 (a), Judi-
cial Code, as amended by the Act of February 13, 1925 (43 Stat. 936,
937). Treating the papers whereon the appeal was allowed as a peti-
tion for writ of certiorari, as required by section 237 (c) of the Judi-
cial Code (43 Stat. 936, 938), certiorari is denied. The motion for
leave to proceed further herein in forma pauperis is also denied.
No. Joe T. Powell, petitioner, v. Joseph W. Sanford, Warden;
James H. Johnson, petitioner v. Metropolitan Casualty In-
surance Company; and
No.
―
-.
No. Ex parte Norman H. Wilson, petitioner. Applications
denied.
No. -, original. Ex parte Emmet H. Bozel, petitioner. The mo-
tion for leave to file petition for writ of habeas corpus is denied
without prejudice to an application for a writ of habeas corpus to
the District Court.
No.
-
original. Ex parte John Dye, petitioner;
No., original. Ex parte Frank L. Roberson, petitioner;
No., original. Ex parte Taylor Seals, petitioner;
No.
-
original. Ex parte Lindley J. Hansen, petitioner;
No., original. Ex parte Roy Whitson, petitioner; and
No. - original. Ex parte Selvie W. Wells, petitioner. The mo-
tions for leave to file petitions for writs of habeas corpus are denied.
No. -, original. Ex parte Thomas K. Case, petitioner. The mo-
tion for leave to file petition for writ of mandamus or prohibition
is denied.
-
No., original. Ex parte Berkshire Knitting Mills, petitioner.
The motion for leave to file petition for writ of mandamus is denied.
No., original. Samuel W. Liske, petitioner, v. Bar Association
of Nassau County et al. The motion for leave to file bill of com-
plaint is denied.
No. 9, original. State of Arkansas, complainant, v. State of Ten-
nessee. Decree entered.

MONDAY, OCTOBER 14, 1940
7
No. 666, October Term, 1928. Harry B. Stilz, petitioner, v. Bethle-
hem Shipbuilding Corporation. The motion for leave to file a bill
of review in the District Court is denied.
No. 896, October Term, 1939. Amos G. McCampbell, Jr., peti-
tioner, v. The Warrich Corporation et al. The motion for a writ
of certiorari to supply omissions from the record and for an order
for further proof is denied.
No. 2. New World Life Insurance Company, petitioner, v. The
United States. The motion to dismiss is denied.
No. 3. The United States of America, appellant, v. Northern Pa-
cific Railway Company et al. The motion for leave to file brief
of the Minority Stockholders of the Northern Pacific Railway Com-
pany is denied.
No. 264. Guy T. Helvering, Commissioner of Internal Revenue,
petitioner, v. Pan-American Life Insurance Company. The motion.
for leave to file brief of respondent is granted.
No. 90. Carlota Benitez Sampayo, petitioner, v. The Bank of Nova
Scotia. The motion for leave to proceed in forma pauperis is granted.
The petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court
of Appeals for the First Circuit is also granted.
No. 230. Edmond L. Viles, petitioner, v. Hon. Stanley H. Johnson,
Judge, District Court, City and County of Denver. On petition for
writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of the State of Colorado.
The motion for leave to proceed further herein in forma pauperis is
denied for the reason that the Court, upon examination of the papers
herein submitted, finds no ground upon which a writ of certiorari
should be issued. The petition for writ of certiorari is therefore also
denied. The motion for leave to file petition for writ of mandamus
is also denied.
No. 309. Thomas W. Benson, petitioner, v. The United States of
America. On petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Cir-
cuit Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit. The motion for leave
to proceed further herein in forma pauperis is denied for the reason
that the Court, upon examination of the papers herein submitted,
finds no ground upon which a writ of certiorari should be issued.
The petition for writ of certiorari is therefore also denied. Mr.
Justice Douglas took no part in the consideration and decision of
these applications.
No. 83. Elsie A. Miller, petitioner, v. Herbert Frederic Miller. On
petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of the State of
Oklahoma;

MONDAY, OCTOBER 14, 1940
8
00
No. 84. Fred V. Thompson, petitioner, v. Joseph O'Grady, Warden
of the Nebraska State Penitentiary at Lancaster. On petition for
writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of the State of Nebraska;
No. 91. Edna Delonis Belin, petitioner, v. Frank Belin et al. On
petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of the State of
Florida;
No. 99. Henry Hawk, petitioner, v. Joseph O'Grady, Warden, Ne-
braska State Penitentiary at Lancaster, Lancaster County, Nebraska.
On petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of the State
of Nebraska;
No. 132. Lillian Clawans, petitioner, v. Frank M. White. On pe-
tition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the District of Columbia;
No. 144. A. L. Bates, petitioner, v. James A. Johnston, Warden,
etc. On petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit
Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit;
No. 157. Mrs. W. A. Moore, petitioner, v. Missouri Pacific Rail-
road Company et al. On petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme
Court of the State of Arkansas;
No. 166. Commonwealth of Pennsylvania, ex rel. Louis Toliver,
petitioner, v. Stanley P. Ashe, Warden, etc. On petition for writ
of certiorari to the Supreme Court of the Commonwealth of Penn-
sylvania;
No. 176. Agnes E. Lewis, Executrix, etc., et al., petitioners, v.
R. W. Fontenot, Collector for the District of Louisiana, et al.;
No. 177. Agnes E. Lewis, Testamentary Executrix, etc., et al., pe-
titioners, v. United States of America et al.;
No. 178. Agnes E. Lewis, Testamentary Executrix, etc., et al., pe-
titioners, v. United States Department of Agriculture et al. On
petitions for writs of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court
of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit;
No. 228. Edward J. Hartenfeld, petitioner, v. The United States
of America. On petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Circuit Court of Appeals for the Seventh Circuit;
No. 232. Joseph R. Rossignol, petitioner, v. The United States of
America. On petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Circuit Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit;
No. 234. Cecelia Vacanti Cole, petitioner, v. The United States of
America. On petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia ;
No. 250. Charlie W. West, petitioner, v. The United States of
America. On petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Circuit Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit;

MONDAY, OCTOBER 14, 1940
9
No. 260. Karlton A. Patton, petitioner, v. F. S. Baldi, M. D.,
Superintendent, etc., et al. On petition for writ of certiorari to the
Supreme Court of the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania;
No. 272. James E. Jackson, petitioner, v. Joseph O'Grady, Warden,
etc. On petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of the
State of Nebraska;
No. 278. John Steele, petitioner, v. Joseph O'Grady, Warden, etc.
On petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of the State
of Nebraska;
No. 279. Dale Oren Brough, petitioner, v. State of Arizona. On
petititon for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of the State
of Arizona;
On
No. 313. Frank A. Dougherty, petitioner, v. State of Florida.
petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of the State of
Florida;
No. 314. Harmon Metz Waley, petitioner, v. James A. Johnston,
Warden, etc. On petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Circuit Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit;
No. 340. Grace Schneider, as Administratrix, etc., petitioner, v.
Lehigh Valley Railroad Company. On petition for writ of certiorari
to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Second Cir-
cuit; and
No. 378. Victor Caponigri, petitioner, v. Richard J. Congleton,
Trustee, etc. On petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Circuit Court of Appeals for the Third Circuit. The motions for
leave to proceed further herein in forma pauperis are denied for the
reason that the Court, upon examination of the papers herein sub-
mitted, finds no ground upon which writs of certiorari should be
issued. The petitions for writs of certiorari are therefore also denied.
No. 180. Superior Bath House Company, appellant, v. Z. M. Mc-
Carroll, Commissioner of Revenues for the State of Arkansas;
No. 201. Leon C. Phillips, Individually, etc., et al., appellants, v.
The United States of America et al.;
No. 245. The United States of America, appellant, v. J. W. Gilli-
land, Ralph Gilliland, et al.; and
No. 283. Railroad Commission of Texas, Lon A. Smith, et al., ap-
pellants, v. The Pullman Company et al. In these cases probable
jurisdiction is noted.
No. 191. The United States, appellant, v. Kate B. Goltra and E.
Field Goltra, Jr., Executors, etc.; and
No. 192. Kate B. Goltra and E. Field Goltra, Jr., Executors, etc.,
appellants, v. The United States. In these cases probable jurisdic-
tion is noted. The motion to dismiss or affirm in No. 191 is denied.

MONDAY, OCTOBER 14, 1940
10
No. 218. Railroad Commission of Texas, Lon A. Smith, et al., etc.,
appellants, v. Rowan & Nichols Oil Company. In this case probable
jurisdiction is noted and the case is assigned for argument immedi-
ately following No. 57.
No. 268. Missouri-Kansas Pipe Line Company, appellant, v. The
United States of America et al.; and
No. 269. Panhandle Eastern Pipe Line Company, appellant, v. The
United States of America et al. Further consideration of the ques-
tion of the jurisdiction of this Court in these cases is postponed to
the hearing of the cases on the merits. Mr. Justice Douglas and Mr.
Justice Murphy took no part in the consideration and decision of
this question.
No. 72. Henry J. Beal, County Attorney of Douglas, Nebraska, et
al., petitioners, v. Missouri Pacific Railroad Corporation, in Nebraska.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of
Appeals for the Eighth Circuit granted.
No. 78. A. C. Frost & Company, petitioner, v. Coeur D'Alene Mines
Corporation. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of
the State of Idaho granted.
No. 85. Federal Trade Commission, petitioner, v. Bunte Brothers,
Inc. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court
of Appeals for the Seventh Circuit granted.
No. 97. Olga E. Voeller, Dorothy Gloeckner, et al., petitioners, v.
The Neilston Warehouse Company et al. Petition for writ of certio-
rari to the Supreme Court of the State of Ohio granted.
No. 120. Howard S. Palmer et al., Trustees, etc., petitioners, v.
Webster and Atlas National Bank of Boston, Trustee. Petition for
writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for
the Second Circuit granted.
No. 188. The United States, petitioner, v. Cowden Manufacturing
Company. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Claims
granted.
No. 194. Maryland Casualty Company, petitioner, v. Pacific Coal
& Oil Company and Joe Orteca. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Sixth Circuit granted.
No. 200. Reconstruction Finance Corporation, petitioner, v. J. G.
Menihan Corporation et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit
granted.
No. 212. Huron Holding Corporation and National Surety Cor-
poration, petitioners, v. Lincoln Mine Operating Company. Petition
for writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals
for the Ninth Circuit granted.

MONDAY, OCTOBER 14, 1940
11
No. 237. Guy T. Helvering, Commissioner of Internal Revenue, pe-
titioner, v. Edyth LeGierse et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to
the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit
granted.
No. 251. Millinery Creator's Guild, Inc., et al., petitioners, v. Fed-
eral Trade Commission. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United
States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit granted.
No. 253. Eugene Higgins, petitioner, v. Commissioner of Internal
Revenue. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Cir-
cuit Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit granted.
No. 257. Jay C. Hormel, petitioner, v. Guy T. Helvering, Com-
missioner of Internal Revenue. Petition for writ of certiorari to
the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Eighth Circuit
granted.
No. 274. Herbert H. Maass, as Sole Surviving Executor, etc., peti-
tioner, v. Joseph T. Higgins, Collector of Internal Revenue etc.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of
Appeals for the Second Circuit granted.
No. 291. Equitable Life Insurance Company of Iowa, petitioner, v.
Halsey, Stuart & Co. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United
States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Seventh Circuit granted.
No. 293. Armour and Company, petitioner, v. The Alton Railroad
Company et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Circuit Court of Appeals for the Seventh Circuit granted.
No. 327. A. F. Rawlings, Receiver, etc., petitioner, v. Mrs. Ella M.
Ray. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit
Court of Appeals for the Eighth Circuit granted.
No. 346. Jeremiah D. Maguire and Ruth S. Maguire, petitioners, v.
Commissioner of Internal Revenue. Petition for writ of certiorari
to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Seventh Circuit
granted.
No. 349. E. A. Kelleam, Nell Southard, et al., petitioners, v. Mary-
land Casualty Company of Baltimore, Maryland, et al. Petition
for writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals
for the Tenth Circuit granted.
No. 74. Lewis K. Stoner, petitioner, v. New York Life Insurance
Company. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Cir-
cuit Court of Appeals for the Eighth Circuit granted and the case
assigned for argument immediately following No. 45.
No. 92. Florence Guggenheim, petitioner, v. Almon Q. Rasquin,
Individually, etc. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Circuit Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit granted. Mr. Jus-
266260-40-3

MONDAY, OCTOBER 14, 1940
12
tice Roberts took no part in the consideration and decision of this
application.
No. 113. Chester Gaines and Theresa Gaines, Husband and Wife,
petitioners, v. Guy T. Helvering, Commissioner of Internal Revenue.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of
Appeals for the Second Circuit granted and case assigned for argu-
ment immediately following No. 36. Mr. Justice Roberts took no
part in the consideration and decision of this application.
No. 183. Henry W. Taft and Julia W. S. Taft, petitioners, v. Guy
T. Helvering, Commissioner of Internal Revenue. Petition for writ
of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the
Second Circuit granted, limited to the second question presented by
the petition. The case is assigned for argument immediately fol-
lowing No. 113.
No. 242. Philadelphia Company and Certain Underliers, petition-
ers, v. Walter L. Dipple, James P. McArdle et al; and
No. 243. Philadelphia Company and Certain Underliers, petition-
ers, v. Walter L. Dipple, James P. McArdle et al. Petition for writs
of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the
Third Circuit granted and the cases assigned for argument imme-
diately following No. 120.
No. 121. Guy T. Helvering, Commissioner of Internal Revenue,
petitioner, v. Northwest Steel Rolling Mills, Inc. Petition for writ
of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the
Ninth Circuit granted and the case assigned for argument immedi-
ately following No. 8.
No. 281. Weightstill Woods, Court Trustee, petitioner, v. City
National Bank and Trust Co. of Chicago et al.; and
No. 282. Weightstill Woods, Court Trustee, petitioner, v. City
National Bank and Trust Co. of Chicago et al. The motion to dis-
pense with the printing of an additional record is granted. The
petition for writs of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court
of Appeals for the Seventh Circuit is granted.
No. 235. National Labor Relations Board, petitioner, v. Link-Belt
Company; and
No. 236. National Labor Relations Board, petitioner, v. Independ-
ent Union of Craftsmen. Petition for writs of certiorari to the United
States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Seventh Circuit granted and
cases assigned for argument immediately following No. 73. Mr.
Justice Roberts took no part in the consideration and decision of
these applications.
No. 368. Okley Goins Tyler, Executrix, etc., petitioner, v. Guy T.
Helvering, Commissioner of Internal Revenue. Petition for writ of

MONDAY, OCTOBER 14, 1940
13
certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the
Eighth Circuit granted and case assigned for argument immediately
following No. 237.
No. 371. Estate of Anna M. Keller, Pius P. Keller, and Marcella
V. Keller, Executors, petitioners, v. Commissioner of Internal Reve-
nue. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit
Court of Appeals for the Third Circuit granted and case assigned for
argument immediately following No. 368.
No. 255. Louis E. Roddewig, as Chairman, etc., et al., petitioners,
v. Sears, Roebuck and Co.; and
No. 256. Louis E. Roddewig, as Chairman, etc., et al., petitioners,
v. Montgomery Ward and Co., Incorporated. Petition for writs of
certiorari to the Supreme Court of the State of Iowa granted. Mr.
Justice Stone and Mr. Justice Roberts took no part in the consid-
eration and decision of this application.
No. 205. Guy T. Helvering, Commissioner of Internal Revenue,
petitioner, v. Gerald A. Eubank. Petition for writ of certiorari to
the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit
granted and case assigned for argument immediately following No. 27.
No. 267. Six Companies of California, Hartford Accident and
Indemnity Company et al., petitioners, v. Joint Highway District
No. 13 of the State of California. Petition for writ of certiorari to
the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit
granted, limited to the first question presented by the petition, and case
assigned for argument immediately following No. 74.
No. 287. Earl Russell Browder, petitioner, v. The United States of
America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit
Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit granted. Mr. Justice
Murphy took no part in the consideration and decision of this
application.
No. 338. Welwel Warszower, alias "Robert William Wiener,” etc.,
petitioner, v. The United States of America. Petition for writ of
certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Sec-
ond Circuit granted and case assigned for argument immediately
following No. 287. Mr. Justice Murphy took no part in the consid-
eration and decision of this application.
No. 330. Opp Cotton Mills, Inc., et al., petitioners, v. Administra-
tor of the Wage and Hour Division of the Department of Labor.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of
Appeals for the Fifth Circuit granted and case assigned for argument
immediately following No. 82.
No. 377. Hiram R. Edwards, petitioner, v. The United States of
America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Cir-

MONDAY, OCTOBER 14, 1940
14
cuit Court of Appeals for the Tenth Circuit granted. Mr. Justice
Douglas took no part in the consideration and decision of this
application.
No. 362. The United States of America, petitioner, v. Bethlehem
Steel Corporation et al.; and
No. 363. United States Shipping Board Merchant Fleet Corpora-
tion, petitioner v. Bethlehem Shipbuilding Corporation, Ltd. Peti-
tion for writs of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of
Appeals for the Third Circuit granted. Mr. Justice Stone, Mr.
Justice Roberts, and Mr. Justice Murphy took no part in the con-
sideration and decision of this application.
No. 381. Z. & F. Assets Realization Corporation, petitioner, v.
Cordell Hull, Secretary of State, et al.,; and
No. 382. American-Hawaiian Steamship Company, petitioner, v.
Cordell Hull, Secretary of State, et al. Petitions for writs of cer-
tiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the District of
Columbia granted. Mr. Justice Roberts took no part in the con-
sideration and decision of these applications.
No. 76. George A. McBride, Assignor to the Western Cartridge
Co., petitioner, v. Oliver J. Teeple, Assignor to the E. I. du Pont
de Nemours & Company. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
United States Court of Customs and Patent Appeals denied for
want of jurisdiction. Postum Cereal Co. v. California Fig Nut Co.,
272 U. S. 693; Pacific Northwest Canning Co. v. Skookum Packers
Assn., 283 U. S. 858; Fessenden v. Wilson, 284 U. S. 640; Chase v.
Avery, 307 U. S. 638. Mr. Justice Roberts took no part in the con-
sideration and decision of this application.
No. 107. In the matter of Joseph Rubinstein, petitioner; and
No. 108. In the matter of Charles Rubinstein, petitioner. The mo-
tion to dispense with printing portions of the record is granted. The
petition for writs of certiorari to the Supreme Court of the State
of Ohio is denied.
No. 116. Joseph J. Mascuch, petitioner, v. The United States of
America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit
Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit denied. Mr. Justice Doug-
las took no part in the consideration and decision of this application.
No. 119. Philippine National Bank, petitioner, v. Philippine Trust
Company et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court
of the Commonwealth of the Philippines denied. Mr. Justice
Murphy took no part in the consideration and decision of this appli-
cation.
No. 129. Marjorie Fleming Lloyd-Smith, petitioner, v. Donald
Bicknell, Receiver etc. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United

MONDAY, OCTOBER 14, 1940
15
States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit denied. Mr.
Justice Reed took no part in the consideration and decision of this
application.
No. 135. Samuel Camarato, petitioner, v. The United States of
America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit
Court of Appeals for the Third Circuit denied. Mr. Justice Murphy
took no part in the consideration and decision of this application.
No. 137. Frank Wolf, petitioner, v. B. C. Schram, Receiver, etc.;
and
No. 138. Margaret Holmes Davis, petitioner, v. B. C. Schram,
Receiver etc. Petitions for writs of certiorari to the United States
Circuit Court of Appeals for the Sixth Circuit denied. Mr. Justice
Reed took no part in the consideration and decision of these appli-
cations.
No. 164. Sam A. Wilson, petitioner, v. John N. Thelen. The mo-
tion to proceed on the typewritten record is granted. The petition
for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of the State of Montana
is denied.
No. 175. Winifred Hitchcock, petitioner, v. Wiley Hitchcock. The
motion to proceed on the typewritten petition is granted. The peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of the State of Illi-
nois is denied.
No. 204. John Lackner, petitioner, v. Illinois Bell Telephone Com-
pany. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit
Court of Appeals for the Seventh Circuit denied. Mr. Justice Frank-
furter took no part in the consideration and decision of this appli-
cation.
No. 209. Chapman Brothers Company, petitioner, v. Security-First
National Bank of Los Angeles. Petition for writ of certiorari to
the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit
denied. Mr. Justice Douglas took no part in the consideration and
decision of this application.
No. 263. Genevieve P. St. Marie and Seventeen (17) others, peti-
tioners, v. The United States of America, Trustee, et al. The mo-
tion to proceed on the typewritten record is denied. The petition
for writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals
for the Ninth Circuit is denied for the reason that application there-
for was not made within the time provided by law. Section 8 (a),
Act of February 13, 1925 (43 Stat. 936, 940).
No. 271. Charles H. Albers, as Receiver, etc., petitioner, v. James
A. Farley, Henry Morgenthau, Jr., et al. Petition for writ of cer-
tiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the District of

MONDAY, OCTOBER 14, 1940
16
Columbia denied. Mr. Justice Murphy took no part in the consider-
ation and decision of this application.
No. 295. The United States of America, petitioner, v. George Pola-
koff and William Albert; and
No. 296. The United States of America, petitioner, v. Thomas J.
Fallon. Petitions for writs of certiorari to the United States Cir-
cuit Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit denied. Mr. Justice
Murphy took no part in the consideration and decision of these
applications.
No. 297. T. L. Morris, L. Hugh Morris, et al., petitioners, v. The
United States of America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit denied.
Mr. Justice Douglas took no part in the consideration and decision
of this application.
No. 342. Charles Kimmich, petitioner, v. New York Clearing House
Association et al. The motion to proceed on typewritten papers is
granted. The petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Circuit Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit is denied.
No. 343. Mohonk Realty Corporation, petitioner, v. Wise Shoe
Stores, Inc. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Circuit Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit denied. Mr. Justice
Douglas took no part in the consideration and decision of this
application.
No. 354. Ray Ritter et al., petitioners, v. Milk and Ice Cream
Driver and Dairy Employees Union Local 336 et al. The motion
to dispense with the printing and service of portions of the record
is granted. The petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court
of the State of Ohio is denied.
No. 357. Alva B. Davis, petitioner, v. The United States of Amer-
ica. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit
Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit denied. Mr. Justice Douglas
took no part in the consideration and decision of this application.
No. 375. Southern Pacific Company, petitioner, v. Steamship
"Eastern Glade," etc.; and
No. 376. Southern Pacific Company, petitioner, v. Postal Steam-
ship Corporation. The motion to use the certified record is Nos. 73
and 74, October Term, 1939, is granted. The petition for writs of
certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the
Second Circuit is denied.
No. 67. Susie Williams et al., petitioners, v. Allen Tooke et al.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court
of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit denied.

MONDAY, OCTOBER 14, 1940
17
No. 77. Lumbermens Mutual Casualty Company, petitioner, v.
Mrs. Leotia E. McIver, Jeff Clark, et al. Petition for writ of certio-
rari to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Ninth
Circuit denied.
No. 80. Julius G. Brashear, Charles E. Griggs, et al., petitioners, v.
Intermountain Building and Loan Association et al. Petition for
writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for
the Ninth Circuit denied.
No. 81. Duluth, Missabe and Iron Range Railway Company, peti-
tioner, v. Thomas Henry Ross, by Ada Ross, General Guardian.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of the State
of Minnesota denied.
No. 93. Margaret B. Carpenter and L. E. Carpenter, also known as
Leroy E. Carpenter, petitioners, v. Archibald J. Hamilton. Peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of the State of
California denied.
No. 94. Elmer W. Kelley and The General Street Signal Corpora-
tion, petitioners, v. The City of Syracuse et al. Petition for writ
of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the
Second Circuit denied.
No. 95. Humble Oil & Refining Company et al., petitioners, v. W. C.
Turnbow et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of
Civil Appeals, 3d Supreme Judicial District, State of Texas, denied.
No. 96. R. G. Trippett and A. H. Meadows, petitioners, v. Polaris
Iron Company et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United
State Circuit Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 100. E. R. Hawke, petitioner, v. Guy T. Helvering, Commis-
sioner of Internal Revenue. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit denied.
No. 101. Henry F. DuPont, petitioner, v. Commissioner of Internal
Revenue. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit
Court of Appeals for the Third Circuit denied.
No. 102. The Atlantic Refining Co., petitioner, v. James B. Berry
Sons Company, Inc. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United
States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Third Circuit denied.
No. 103. Adler's Creamery, Inc., petitioner, v. The United States
of America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Circuit Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit denied.
No. 105. The Union Trust Company of Indianapolis, as former
executor etc., petitioner, v. Commissioner of Internal Revenue. Peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of
Appeals for the Seventh Circuit denied.

MONDAY, OCTOBER 14, 1940
18
No. 106. Washington County Fire Insurance Company, Washing-
ton, Pennsylvania, petitioner, v. William Driscoll, Collector of In-
ternal Revenue, etc. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United
States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Third Circuit denied.
No. 110. Lee H. Marshall Heirs et al., petitioners, v. Commissioner
of Internal Revenue. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United
States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Third Circuit denied.
No. 111. Harry F. Doyle and Lucy J. Doyle (Husband and Wife),
petitioners, v. Guy T. Helvering, Commissioner of Internal Revenue.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court
of Appeals for the Second Circuit denied.
No. 118. Chain O'Mines, Incorporated, et al., petitioners, v. United
Gilpin Corporation et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Seventh Circuit
denied.
No. 122. Lilley Cornett, petitioner, v. Swift Coal & Timber Com-
pany et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Circuit Court of Appeals for the Sixth Circuit denied.
No. 123. Harriet K. Moon, petitioner, v. The Home Life Insurance
Company of New York; and
No. 124. Harriet K. Moon, petitioner, v. Mutual Benefit Health &
Accident Association. Petition for writs of certiorari to the United
States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Fourth Circuit denied.
No. 127. J. E. Riley Investment Company et al., petitioners, v.
Walter Sakow. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Circuit Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit denied.
No. 130. Willard Manufacturing Company, petitioner, v. J. E.
Kennedy, Former Collector; and
No. 131. Willard Manufacturing Company, petitioner, v. Robert
W. McCuen, Collector. Petition for writs of certiorari to the United
States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit denied.
No. 139. Chicago and North Western Railway Company et al., peti-
tioners, v. Rockwell Lime Company et al. Petition for writ of
certiorari to the Supreme Court of the State of Illinois denied.
No. 140. Village of Haverstraw, petitioner, v. Clyde Potts. Peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of
Appeals for the Second Circuit denied.
No. 142. A. J. Delaney, petitioner, v. Nat Rogan, Collector of In-
ternal Revenue for the Sixth Collection District of California. Peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of
Appeals for the Ninth Circuit denied.
No. 145. Will G. Rea and Frank Foresman, as Trustees, etc., peti-
tioners, v. Acel C. Alexander, Collector of Internal Revenue. Peti-

MONDAY, OCTOBER 14, 1940
19
tion for writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of
Appeals for the Tenth Circuit denied.
No. 146. Splint Coal Corporation, petitioner, v. Mrs. Walter Ander-
son, Administratrix etc. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United
States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Sixth Circuit denied.
No. 147. John R. Longo, petitioner, v. The State of New Jersey.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Errors and Appeals
of the State of New Jersey denied.
No. 148. Lucien H. Tyng, petitioner, v. Guy T. Helvering, Com-
missioner of Internal Revenue. Petition for writ of certiorari to
the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit
denied.
No. 150. A. M. Gilstrap, Cora D. Gilstrap, et al., petitioners, v.
Standard Oil Company et al.; and
No. 151. A. M. Gilstrap, petitioner, v. Standard Oil Company et al.
Petition for writs of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court
of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit denied.
No. 152. J. Greenebaum Tanning Company, petitioner, v. National
Labor Relations Board. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United
States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Seventh Circuit denied.
No. 153. Hartley Caldwell, petitioner, v. The People of the State of
California. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Superior Court in
and for the County of Los Angeles, Appellate Department, State of
California, denied.
No. 154. The United States of America ex rel. Sam Darcy, peti-
tioner, v. Superintendent of County Prisons of Philadelphia, et al.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of
Appeals for the Third Circuit denied.
No. 155. Town of Largo, in Pinellas County, Florida, petitioner, v.
Hugh Richmond. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Circuit Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 159. Manila Electric Company, petitioner, v. A. L. Yato, Col-
lector of Internal Revenue of the Philippines. Petition for writ of
certiorari to the Supreme Court of the Commonwealth of the Philip-
pines denied.
No. 160. Richard Smith and Geraldine J. Hall, petitioners, v. The
United States of America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
United States Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia denied.
No. 161. Martin Engebretson, Trustee, etc., petitioner, v. Ralph
M. West et al.; and
266260-40- -4

MONDAY, OCTOBER 14, 1940
20
No. 162. Martin Engebretson, Trustee, etc., petitioner, v. John T.
Marcell et al. Petition for writs of certiorari to the United States
Circuit Court of Appeals for the Eighth Circuit denied.
No. 163. J. Friedman, Sydney C. Johnson, et al., petitioners, v.
City of Atlanta, William B. Hartsfield, as Mayor of the City of
Atlanta, et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court
of the State of Georgia denied.
No. 165. Dora B. Hendron et al., petitioners, v. Yount-Lee Oil
Company et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Circuit Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 167. A. H. Thornburgh, Administrator, etc., petitioner, v. The
United States of America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Eighth Circuit denied.
No. 168. Frederick C. Overbury, petitioner, v. John W. Platten
and Kintzing P. Emmons, Individually, etc. Petition for writ of
certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the First
Circuit denied.
No. 169. William Buchsbaum, petitioner, v. Guy T. Helvering,
Commissioner of Internal Revenue. Petition for writ of certiorari to
the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit
denied.
No. 171. The Hygienic Products Company, petitioner, v. Commis-
sioner of Internal Revenue. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Sixth Circuit denied.
No. 172. I. H. Nakdimen, H. S. Nakdimen, et al., petitioners, v.
Lazare Baker. Petititon for writ of certiorari to the United States
Circuit Court of Appeals for the Eighth Circuit denied.
No. 174. United Drug Company, petitioner, v. Obear-Nester Glass
Company. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit
Court of Appeals for the Eighth Circuit denied.
No. 179. Weightstill Woods, Court Trustee, petitioner, v. Arling-
ton, Inc. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit
Court of Appeals for the Seventh Circuit denied.
No. 181. Herbert Fleishhacker, petitioner, v. Lucien Blum, Ed-
mond Lang et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United
States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit denied.
No. 182. George Strates, Individually etc., et al., petitioners, v.
Eugenia Dimotsis et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United
States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 184. Guy T. Helvering, Commissioner of Internal Revenue,
petitioner, v. Horseshoe Lease Syndicate. Petition for writ of cer-
tiorari to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Fifth
Circuit denied.

MONDAY, OCTOBER 14, 1940
21
No. 185. Pennsylvania-Reading Seashore Lines, petitioner, v.
Hildegarde Cawman, Admx. Estate of John W. Cawman, deceased.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of
Appeals for the Third Circuit denied.
No. 186. Francisco de La Torre, petitioner, v. The First National
Bank of New York. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United
States Circuit Court of Appeals for the First Circuit denied.
No. 193. Norman Baker, petitioner, v. The State of Arkansas.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of the State of
Arkansas denied.
No. 195. Commercial Casualty Insurance Company, petitioner, v.
Marjorie W. Stinson. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United
States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Sixth Circuit denied.
No. 196. Southern Manufacturing Company, petitioner, v. Na-
tional Labor Relations Board. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Sixth Circuit denied.
No. 197. George W. Cashman, petitioner, v. The Marshall's U. S.
Auto Supply, Inc. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Circuit Court of Appeals for the Tenth Circuit denied.
No. 198. Robert R. Cox, petitioner, v. Commissioner of Internal
Revenue; and
No. 199. Ethel K. Childers, petitioner, v. Commissioner of In-
ternal Revenue. Petition for writs of certiorari to the United States
Circuit Court of Appeals for the Tenth Circuit denied.
No. 202. Maryland Casualty Company, petitioner, v. Earl D. Al-
ford, Administrator etc.; and
No. 203. Maryland Casualty Company, petitioner, v. Earl D. Al-
ford, Administrator, etc. Petitions for writs of certiorari to the
United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Tenth Circuit denied.
No. 206. Guadalupe R. Gallegos et al., petitioners, v. Lloyd R.
Smith, Corporation Commissioner of the State of Oregon. Petition
for writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals
for the Ninth Circuit denied.
No. 207. Compress of Union et al., petitioners, v. A. H. Stone, Tax
Commissioner. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court
of the State of Mississippi denied.
No. 208. Louis Kulesza, Frank Heynar, et al., petitioners, v.
American Car and Foundry Co. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Seventh Circuit
denied.
No. 215. Tovrea Packing Company, petitioner, v. National Labor
Relations Board. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Circuit Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit denied.

MONDAY, OCTOBER 14, 1940
22
No. 216. Commissioners of the Sinking Fund of the City of Louis-
ville, petitioner, v. A. M. Anderson, Receiver, etc. Petition for writ
of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the
Sixth Circuit denied.
No. 217. Ralph R. Kelley, petitioner, v. The United States of
America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit
Court of Appeals for the Eighth Circuit denied.
No. 220. Benjamin H. Fuller and John J. Bernich, petitioners, v.
The United States of America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit denied.
No. 221. Harry C. Ritter and Chris S. Knaur, petitioners, v.
Wyoga Gas and Oil Corporation. Petition for writ of certiorari to
the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Third Circuit
denied.
No. 223. Sara Adler (now Sara Cowley-Brown), petitioner, v.
Sidney Adler. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court
of the State of Illinois denied.
No. 224. Fred P. Hayward et al., petitioners, v. City of Corpus
Christi. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit
Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 226. William Doster Noland, petitioner, v. Vyola Bubb No-
land, also known as Vyola Bubb Loughman, et al. Petition for writ
of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the
Ninth Circuit denied.
No. 227. Land Oberoesterreich, petitioner, v. Walter E. Gude et al.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of
Appeals for the Second Circuit denied.
No. 229. Neil H. Amiot, Guardian of Hubert S. Amiot, etc., et al.,
petitioners, v. Kansas City Life Insurance Company. Petition for
writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for
the Sixth Circuit denied.
No. 233. James B. Berry Sons' Company, Inc., petitioner, v. The
New York Central Railroad Company, Lessee of Michigan Central
Railroad. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of the
Commonwealth of Pennsylvania denied.
No. 238. Stoody Company, petitioner, v. Carlton Metals, Inc., A. J.
Carlton, et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Circuit Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit denied.
No. 239. Katherine Kraft, petitioner, v. Commissioner of Internal
Revenue. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit
Court of Appeals for the Third Circuit denied.
No. 247. Safway Steel Scaffolds Co. of Wisconsin, petitioner, v.
The Patent Scaffolding Company and Gerhardt F. Meyne Co. Peti-

MONDAY, OCTOBER 14, 1940
23
tion for writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of Ap-
peals for the Seventh Circuit denied.
No. 249. Guy T. Helvering, Commissioner of Internal Revenue,
petitioner, v. Rector & Davidson. Petition for writ of certiorari to
the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit
denied.
No. 252. J. R. Brinkley, petitioner, v. Morris Fishbein. Petition
for writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals
for the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 254. Guy T. Helvering, Commissioner of Internal Revenue,
petitioner, v. Edward Mallinckrodt, Jr., et al., Trustees, etc. Peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of Ap-
peals for the Eighth Circuit denied.
No. 258. L. K. Person, petitioner, v. The United States of America.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of
Appeals for the Eighth Circuit denied.
No. 261. Maryland Casualty Company, petitioner, v. Mrs. Ida C.
Boult. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit
Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 262. The Shaw-Walker Company et al., petitioners, v. The
National Benefit Life Insurance Company et al. Petition for writ
of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the District
of Columbia denied.
No. 270. Clara C. Bolles, petitioner, v. The Toledo Trust Company,
Executor, etc. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of
the State of Ohio denied.
No. 275. Walter K. Barnes, Trading as Barnes and Lofland, peti-
tioner, v. L. M. Reed, Receiver, etc. Petition for writ of certiorari
to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Third Circuit
denied.
No. 277. The Automatic Devices Corporation, petitioner, v. Sinko
Tool & Manufacturing Company. Petition for writ of certiorari to
the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Seventh Circuit
denied.
No. 280. David Subin and Benjamin Subin, Trading as Arcadia
Hosiery Company, petitioners, v. National Labor Relations Board.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of
Appeals for the Third Circuit denied.
No. 285. P. M. Jackson, Trustee, etc., petitioner, v. E. A. Lynch,
Receiver, etc. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Circuit Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit denied.

MONDAY, OCTOBER 14, 1940
24
No. 288. Walter Williams, petitioner, v. National Surety Corpora-
tion. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit
Court of Appeals for the Eighth Circuit denied.
No. 289. Southern Steamship Company, petitioner, v. C. M.
Meyners. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit
Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 292. West Side Tennis Club, petitioner, v. Commissioner of
Internal Revenue. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United
States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit denied.
No. 294. Stephen Westover, Trustee, etc., petitioner, v. Valley Na-
tional Bank. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Circuit Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit denied.
No. 298. Claude A. Wertz, as Trustee, etc., petitioner, v. National
City Bank of Evansville, Indiana. Petition for writ of certiorari to
the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Seventh Circuit
denied.
No. 301. The Timken-Detroit Axle Company, petitioner, v. Lempco
Products, Incorporated. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United.
States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Sixth Circuit denied.
No. 302. Peter Balinovic, petitioner, v. The Evening Star News-
paper Company. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia denied.
No. 303. Edward Williams, petitioner, v. John J. Golden, Marshal,
City of St. Louis. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme
Court of the State of Missouri denied.
No. 305. Frost Lumber Industries, Inc., petitioner, v. Republic
Production Company. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United
States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 306. The Travelers Insurance Company, petitioner, v. Evelyn
Price et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Cir-
cuit Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 307. Royal Insurance Company, Ltd., petitioner, v. Robert A.
Smith. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit
Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit denied.
No. 308. State of Missouri, by and through The Unemployment
Compensation Commission etc., petitioner, v. Warren S. Earhart,
Trustee, etc. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Circuit Court of Appeals for the Eighth Circuit denied.
No. 310. Weightstill Woods, Court Trustee, petitioner, v. City
National Bank and Trust Company of Chicago et al. Petition for
writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for
the Seventh Circuit denied.

MONDAY, OCTOBER 14, 1940
25
No. 316. Jacob Mehrlust, petitioner, v. Joseph T. Higgins, Indi-
vidually, etc. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Cir-
cuit Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit denied.
No. 317. Mary A. Huffman, petitioner, v. The City of Wichita.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of the State of
Kansas denied.
No. 318. W. M. Bonner and Mabel R. Bonner, petitioners, v. W. L.
Suiter, A. C. Hagg, et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Tenth Circuit denied.
No. 323. American National Bank of Nashville, Tennessee, peti-
tioner, v. City of Sanford, Florida, et al. Petition for writ of certi-
orari to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Fifth
Circuit denied.
No. 324. Harry C. Davis, C. J. Rott, et al., petitioners, v. City of
Homestead, Florida, and the United States of America. Petition for
writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for
the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 325. Edward E. Stevens, petitioner, v. Clara M. Edwards et al.,
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of
Appeals for the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 328. United States Trust Company of New York et al., peti-
tioners, v. Commissioner of Internal Revenue. Petition for writ of
certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the
Second Circuit denied.
No. 329. Campagnie Generale Translatlantique, petitioner, v.
George V. Tawes. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United
States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 335. Alamitos Land Company, petitioner, v. Commissioner of
Internal Revenue. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United
States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit denied.
No. 347. Food Machinery Corporation, petitioner, v. Fruit Treat-
ing Corporation et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United
States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 348. The Oregon Short Line Railroad Company and Saint
Paul Mercury Indemnity Company of St. Paul, petitioners, v. The
United States of America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit denied.
No. 350. Albert H. Lieberman, Emil Cohn, Jr., et al., petitioners,
v. City of Philadelphia. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United
States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Third Circuit denied.
No. 358. Porter-Wadley Lumber Company et al., petitioners, v.
C. Orbin Bailey; and

MONDAY, OCTOBER 14, 1940
26
No. 359. Porter-Wadley Lumber Company et al., petitioners, v.
James T. Pruitt. Petitions for writs of certiorari to the United
States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 360. Long Island Drug Company, Inc., petitioner, v. Commis-
sioner of Internal Revenue; and
No. 361. Long Island Drug Company, Inc., petitioner, v. Commis-
sioner of Internal Revenue. Petition for writs of certiorari to the
United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit denied.
No. 365. National Union Fire Insurance Company, petitioner, v.
E. Eggers, Individually and as Claimant, etc. Petition for writ of
certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Fifth
Circuit denied.
No. 370. Howard S. Palmer, James Lee Loomis, et al., etc., peti-
tioners, v. John J. McCarthy. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit denied.
No. 372. William G. Wall, petitioner. v. State Board of Bar Exam-
iners of the State of New Jersey. Petition for writ of certiorari to
the Supreme Court of the State of New Jersey denied.
No. 383. United States Hoffman Machinery Corporation, peti-
tioner, v. Cummings-Landau Laundry Machinery Company, Inc.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of
Appeals for the Second Circuit denied.
No. 385. The City of St. Louis, Anne M. Evans, et al., petitioners,
v. Charlotte Clark Lindsay. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
Supreme Court of the State of Missouri denied.
No. 401. Grover D. Turnbow, C. E. Gray, et al., petitioners, v.
Farmer's Cooperative Exchange, Inc. Petition for writ of certiorari
to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit
denied.
No. 452. Charles A. McCulloch, petitioner, v. Wilbur L. Loftus.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court
of Appeals for the Seventh Circuit denied.
No. 621, October Term, 1939. Edmond L. Viles, petitioner, v. The
Prudential Insurance Company of America; and
No. 854, October Term, 1939. John M. Moon, petitioner, v. The
Union Central Life Insurance Company et al. The motions for leave
to file petitions for rehearing in these cases are denied.
No. 950, October Term, 1939. Arrow Distilleries, Inc., petitioner, v.
Wilford S. Alexander, Administrator, etc. The motion for leave to
withdraw petition for rehearing is granted.
No. 459, October Term, 1939. The H. Rouw Company, petitioner,
v. Frank J. Crivella. It is ordered that the mandate in this case be

MONDAY, OCTOBER 14, 1940
27
and it hereby is recalled. The judgment of this Court dated May
27, 1940, is modified so as to provide that the reversal shall be with-
out costs to either party in this Court. The petition for rehearing
is denied.
No. , original, October Term, 1939. Ex parte Edmond C.
Fletcher, petitioner ;
No. , original, October Term, 1939. Ex parte Albert Leighton,
petitioner ;
No. 671, October Term, 1939. Sontag Chain Stores Co., Ltd., peti-
tioner, v. National Nut Company of California;
No. 705, October Term, 1939. The United States, petitioner, v.
Emmett F. Dickerson;
No. 713, October Term, 1939. The United States of America et al.,
appellants, v. The American Trucking Associations, Inc., et al.;
No. 752, October Term, 1939. Franz J. Borchard et al., petitioners,
v. California Bank and California Trust Company;
No. 785, October Term, 1939. Elmer Ray Lowman, petitioner, v.
The Federal Land Bank of Louisville, Kentucky, et al.;
No. 853, October Term, 1939. North Whittier Heights Citrus Asso-
ciation, petitioner, v. National Labor Relations Board;
No. 882, October Term, 1939. Julian W. Fretwell, petitioner, v.
Gillette Safety Razor Company;
No. 896, October Term, 1939. Amos G. McCampbell, Jr., petitioner,
v. The Warrich Corporation et al.;
No. 938, October Term, 1939. Annie Bunton Parsons et al., peti-
tioners, v. David B. Childs et al.;
No. 939, October Term, 1939. The United States of America, ex rel.
Michael Tsevdos, petitioner, v. Rudolph Reimer, Commissioner of
Immigration;
No. 954, October Term, 1939. Andre deCoppet and Muriel deCop-
pet, petitioners, v. Commissioner of Internal Revenue;
No. 999, October Term, 1939. Jane Holding Corporation, petitioner,
v. Guy T. Helvering, Commissioner of Internal Revenue;
No. 1028, October Term, 1939. Dr. J. D. Bradley, petitioner, v.
Hon. Frank Simpson, Solicitor General ex rel. of Piedmont Circuit,
Georgia ;
No. 1038, October Term, 1939. John Touchton, petitioner, v. City
of Fort Pierce, Florida, Debtor; and
No. 1057, October Term, 1939. Max Ziskin, petitioner, v. The
United States of America. The petitions for rehearing in these cases
are denied.
266260-40- -5
་

MONDAY, OCTOBER 14, 1940
28
No. 12. The United States of America, petitioner, v. Appalachian
Electric Power Company. Four and three-quarters hours allowed
for oral argument. Argument commenced by Mr. Solicitor General
Biddle for the petitioner; continued by Mr. Raymond T. Jackson for
the respondent; and by Mr. Abram P. Staples for the Commonwealth
of Virginia as amicus curiae, by special leave of Court.
Adjourned until tomorrow at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Tuesday, October 15, will be as follows: Nos. 12,
3, 5, 13, 14, 15, 17 (and 18), 19, 64, and 20.
☑

TUESDAY, OCTOBER 15, 1940
29
Tuesday, October 15, 1940
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: The Chief Justice, Mr. Justice McReynolds, Mr. Justice
Stone, Mr. Justice Roberts, Mr. Justice Black, Mr. Justice Reed,
Mr. Justice Frankfurter, Mr. Justice Douglas, and Mr. Justice
Murphy.
Wm. N. Stokes, Jr., of Houston, Tex.; Arnold Levy, of Silver
Spring, Md.; Irwin A. Churchill, of Huron, S. Dak.; Joseph M.
Rotolo, of Palisades Park, N. J.; David I. Hubar, of Detroit, Mich.;
Marie M. Nelson, of San Francisco, Calif.; Warren C. Horton, of
Chicago, Ill.; Cyril A. Burns, of Pontiac, Ill.; Charles W. West, of
Washington, D. C.; Benjamin Soper Shantz, of Tucson, Ariz.; John
Augustus Hutchins, of Weymouth, Mass.; Charles S. Williston, of
Chicago, Ill.; and Robert W. Boyd, of Dallas, Tex., were admitted
to practice.
No. 12. The United States of America, petitioner, v. Appalachian
Electric Power Company. Argument continued by Mr. Abram P.
Staples for the Commonwealth of Virginia, as amicus curiae, by
special leave of Court; by Mr. Raymond T. Jackson for the respond-
ent; and concluded by Mr. Solicitor General Biddle for the petitioner.
Leave granted petitioner and respondent to file additional briefs
within five days.
No. 3. The United States of America, appellant, v. Northern Pa-
cific Railway Company et al. Six hours allowed for the reargument
of this case. Reargument commenced by Mr. Frederick Bernays
Wiener for the appellant and continued by Mr. John W. Davis for
the appellees.
Adjourned until tomorrow at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Wednesday, October 16, will be as follows: Nos.
3, 5, 13, 14, 15, 17 (and 18), 19, 64, 20, and 21.
266260-40- -4

WEDNESDAY, OCTOBER 16, 1940
30
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: The Chief Justice, Mr. Justice McReynolds, Mr. Justice
Stone, Mr. Justice Roberts, Mr. Justice Black, Mr. Justice Reed,
Mr. Justice Frankfurter, Mr. Justice Douglas, and Mr. Justice
Murphy.
Charles F. Delbridge, of Detroit, Mich.; Francis W. McCauley,
of Detroit, Mich.; John D. Kennedy, of Fort Lauderdale, Fla.;
Edwin J. Culligan, of Buffalo, N. Y.; John P. Loughnane, of Chi-
cago, Ill.; Frank B. Yoakum, Jr., of Los Angeles, Calif.; and Abba
Abrams, of Chicago, Ill., were admitted to practice.
No. 3. The United States of America, appellant, v. Northern Pa-
cific Railway Company et al. Reargument continued by Mr. John
W. Davis and by Mr. Lorenzo B. da Ponte for the appellees and
concluded by Mr. Frederick Bernays Wiener for the appellant.
No. 5. Harry H. Neuberger, petitioner, v. Commissioner of Internal
Revenue. Argument commenced by Mr. Wilbur H. Friedman for
the petitioner and continued by Mr. J. Louis Monarch for the
respondent.
Adjourned until tomorrow at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Thursday, October 17, will be as follows: Nos. 5,
13, 14, 15, 17 (and 18), 19, 64, 20, 21, and 23 (24 and 25).
☑
266260-40-5

THURSDAY, OCTOBER 17, 1940
31
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: The Chief Justice, Mr. Justice McReynolds, Mr. Justice
Stone, Mr. Justice Roberts, Mr. Justice Black, Mr. Justice Reed,
Mr. Justice Frankfurter, Mr. Justice Douglas, and Mr. Justice
Murphy.
S. J. Stanton, of Chicago, Ill.; Jack Lewis Kraus II, of New York
City; and Thos L. O'Leary, of Olympia, Wash., were admitted to
practice.
No. 277. The Automatic Device Corporation, petitioner, v. Sinko
Tool & Manufacturing Company. Motion to withhold order denying
petition for writ of certiorari submitted by Mr. Drury W. Cooper,
Mr. Thomas J. Byrne, and Mr. Henry M. Huxley for the petitioner.
No. 5. Harry H. Neuberger, petitioner, v. Commissioner of In-
ternal Revenue. Argument continued by Mr. J. Louis Monarch for
the respondent and concluded by Mr. Wilbur H. Friedman for the
petitioner.
No. 13. The United States of America, petitioner, v. Ashby Oliver
Stewart. Argued by Mr. Assistant Attorney General Clark for the
petitioner and by Mr. W. Glenn Harmon and Mr. Ernest L. Wil-
kinson for the respondent.
No. 14. Republic Steel Corporation, petitioner, v. National Labor
Relations Board and Steel Workers Organizing Committee. Argu-
ment commenced by Mr. Luther Day for the petitioner; continued
by Mr. Thomas E. Harris for the respondent, National Labor Rela-
tions Board; and concluded by Mr. Thomas F. Patton for the peti-
tioner.
No. 15. Fleisher Engineering & Construction Co. et al., petitioners,
v. The United States of America, for the use and benefit of George
S. Hallenbeck, etc. Argument commenced by Mr. Frank Gibbons for
the petitioners.
Adjourned until tomorrow at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Friday, October 18, will be as follows: Nos. 15,
17 (and 18), 19, 64, 20, 21, 23 (24 and 25), 8, 121, and 26.
266260-40-
-8
Х

FRIDAY, OCTOBER 18, 1940
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
32
Present: The Chief Justice, Mr. Justice McReynolds, Mr. Justice
Stone, Mr. Justice Roberts, Mr. Justice Black, Mr. Justice Reed, Mr.
Justice Frankfurter, Mr. Justice Douglas, and Mr. Justice Murphy.
Vincent M. Rotolo, of Hackensack, N. J.; Firman P. Lyle, of Pitts-
burgh, Pa.; Gordon S. Parker, of Pittsburgh, Pa.; Arthur T. Strat-
ton, of Pittsburgh, Pa.; Ernest Reginald Cushing, of Arlington, Va.;
and Vito F. Lanza, of Brooklyn, N. Y., were admitted to practice.
No. 381. Z. & F. Assets Realization Corporation, petitioner, v.
Cordell Hull, Secretary of State, et al.; and
No. 382. American-Hawaiian Steamship Company, petitioner, v.
Cordell Hull, Secretary of State, et al. Motion to advance submitted
by Mr. Amos J. Peasley on behalf of counsel for the respondent,
Lehigh Valley Railroad Company.
No. 354. Ray Ritter et al., petitioners, v. Milk and Ice Cream
Driver and Dairy Employees Union Local 336 et al. Motion to with-
hold order denying petition for writ of certiorari submitted by Mr.
Charles Auerbach for the petitioners.
No. 15. Fleisher Engineering & Construction Co. et al., petitioners,
v. The United States of America, for the use and benefit of George S.
Hallenbeck, etc. Argument continued by Mr. Frank Gibbons for
the petitioners; by Mr. Edwin J. Culligan for the respondent; and
concluded by Mr. Frank Gibbons for the petitioners.
No. 17. Robert J. Deckert, Roland W. Randal, et al., petitioners, v.
Independence Shares Corporation et al.; and
No. 18. Robert J. Deckert, Roland W. Randal, et al., petitioners, v.
The Pennsylvania Company for Insurance on Lives and Granting
Annuities. Argued by Mr. Harry Shapiro for the petitioners; by Mr.
Robert F. Irwin, Jr., for the respondents in No. 17; and by Mr.
Walter Biddle Saul for the respondent in No. 18.
No. 19. Harry Bridges, petitioner, v. State of California. Argu-
ment commenced by Mr. A. L. Wirin for the petitioner.
Adjourned until Monday, next at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Monday, October 21, will be as follows: Nos. 19,
64, 20, 21, 23 (24 and 25), 8, 121, 26, 16, and 9 (10 and 11).
266260-40-
9
Х

MONDAY, OCTOBER 21, 1940
33
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: The Chief Justice, Mr. Justice McReynolds, Mr. Justice
Stone, Mr. Justice Roberts, Mr. Justice Black, Mr. Justice Reed,
Mr. Justice Frankfurter, Mr. Justice Douglas, and Mr. Justice
Murphy.
Joseph Gerard Kelly, of New York City; Irvin C. Mollison, of
Chicago, Ill.; George M. Breslin, of Los Angeles, Calif.; Ben F.
Foster, of Houston, Tex.; Irving M. Smith, of Long Beach, Calif.;
Andrew W. Sexton, of Chicago, Ill.; Robert Houston French, of
Cincinnati, Ohio; Edgar W. Waybright, Sr., of Jacksonville, Fla.;
Thelma Hudson Waybright, of Jacksonville, Fla.; Edgar W. Way-
bright, Jr., of Jacksonville, Fla.; Roger J. Waybright, of Jackson-
ville, Fla.; and Herbert S. Thatcher, of Milwaukee, Wis., were ad-
mitted to practice.
The Chief Justice announced the following order of the Court:
No. 117. Continental Assurance Company, appellant, v. State of
Tennessee. Appeal from the Supreme Court of the State of Ten-
nessee. Per curiam: Appeal dismissed for the want of substantial
federal question.
The Chief Justice said:
"The other orders of the Court appear upon the list certified by
the Chief Justice and filed with the Clerk and will not be announced
orally."
ORDER
It is ordered that Rule V of the Rules of Practice and Pro-
cedure in Criminal Cases be, and the same is hereby, amended to
read as follows:
"V. Supersedeas. An appeal from a judgment of conviction stays
the execution of the judgment, unless the defendant pending his
appeal shall elect to enter upon the service of his sentence. The
trial court or the circuit court of appeals may stay the execution
of any sentence to pay a fine or fine and costs upon such terms as it
may deem proper. It may require the defendant pending the appeal
to pay to the clerk in escrow the whole or any part of such fine and
costs, to submit to an examination as to his assets, or to give a super-
266260-40-
-10

MONDAY, OCTOBER 21, 1940
34
sedeas bond, and it may likewise make any appropriate order to
restrain the defendant from dissipating his assets and thereby pre-
vent the collection of such fine."
ORDER
It is ordered that paragraph 2 of Rule 36 of the Rules of this Court
be amended so as to read as follows:
"2. Supersedeas bonds must be taken, with good and sufficient
security, that the appellant shall prosecute his appeal to effect, and
answer all damages and costs if he fail to make his plea good. Such
indemnity, where the judgment or decree is for the recovery of
money not otherwise secured, must be for the whole amount of the
judgment or decree, including just damages for delay, and costs and
interest on the appeal, unless, after notice and hearing and for good
cause shown, the judge or justice allowing the appeal fixes a different
amount or orders security other than the bond; but in all suits where
the property in controversy necessarily follows the event of the suit,
as in real actions, replevin, and suits on mortgages, or where the
property is in the custody of the marshal under admiralty process,
as in case of capture or seizure, or where the proceeds thereof, or a
bond for the value thereof, is in the custody or control of the court,
indemnity is only required in an amount sufficient to secure the sum
recovered for the use and detention of the property, and the costs of
the suit, and just damages for delay, and costs and interest on the
appeal."
No. . Ex parte F. Harold Schmitt, petitioner. The motion to
direct the clerk to amend the roll of attorneys to show change of the
name of F. Harold Schmitt to "F. Harold Smith" granted.
No.
-
original. Ex parte David H. Johnson, petitioner ;
No. , original. Ex parte Merritt B. Schuyler, petitioner;
No. -, original. Ex parte Clarence M. Brummitt, petitioner; and
No. , original. Ex parte M. J. Cusick, petitioner. The motions.
for leave to file petitions for writs of habeas corpus are denied.
No. 11, original. State of Kansas, complainant, v. State of Mis-
souri. The answer of the defendant is received and ordered filed.
The motion to reconsider the order denying E. A. Cole leave to inter-
vene is denied.
No. 11, original. State of Kansas, complainant, v. State of Mis-
souri. It is ordered that Dean G. Acheson, Esq., of Washington,
D. C., be, and he is hereby, appointed Special Master in this cause,

MONDAY, OCTOBER 21, 1940
35
with authority to summon witnesses, issue subpoenas, and to take
such evidence as may be introduced and such as he may deem it
necessary to call for. The Master is directed to make findings of
fact and conclusions of law, and to submit the same to this Court
with all convenient speed, together with his recommendations for
a decree. The findings, conclusions, and recommendations of the
Master shall be subject to consideration, revision, or approval by this
Court. The Master shall be allowed his actual expenses and a rea-
sonable compensation for his services to be fixed hereafter by the
Court. The allowances to him, the compensation paid to his steno-
graphic and clerical assistants, and the cost of printing his report
shall be charged against and be borne by the parties in such propor-
tion as the Court hereafter may direct. If the appointment herein
made of a Master is not accepted, or if the place becomes vacant
during the recess of the Court, the Chief Justice shall have authority
to make a new designation, which shall have the same effect as if
originally made by the Court herein.
No. 681, October Term, 1939. Railroad Commission of Texas et al.,
petitioners, v. Rowan & Nichols Oil Co.
It is ordered that the following sentence on page 4 of the opinion
handed down June 3, 1940, be stricken from the opinion:
"Except where the jurisdiction rests, as it does not here, on diver-
sity of citizenship, the only question open to a federal tribunal is
whether the state action complained of has transgressed whatever
restrictions the vague contours of the Due Process Clause may place
upon the exercise of the state's regulatory power."
It is further ordered that the following paragraph be added at the
close of the opinion:
"While the presence of a federal question may also open up state
issues, Siler v. Louisville & N. R. R., 213 U. S. 175, the claim here
founded on Texas law is derived from a statute requiring proration
on a 'reasonable basis.' Vernon's Texas Annotated Civil Statutes
(1925), art. 6049c, § 7. The Texas decisions, insofar as they have
been brought to our attention, do not make clear whether the local
courts may exercise an independent judgment on what is ‘reason-
able.
Compare Brown v. Humble Oil & Refining Co., 126 Tex. 296,
316. But, in any event, as we read the Texas cases, the standard of
'reasonable basis' under the statute opens up the same range of
inquiry as the respondent in effect asserted to exist in his claims
under the Due Process Clause. These latter claims we have found
untenable. What ought not to be done by the federal courts when
the Due Process Clause is invoked ought not to be attempted by these
courts under the guise of enforcing a state statute. Whether the
respondent may still have a remedy in the state courts is for the

MONDAY, OCTOBER 21, 1940
36
Texas courts to determine, and is not foreclosed by the denial, on the
grounds we have indicated, of the extraordinary relief of an injunc-
tion in the federal courts."
The motion for leave to present oral argument is denied.
The petition for rehearing is denied.
No. 277. The Automatic Devices Corporation, petitioner, v. Sinko
Tool & Manufacturing Company; and
No. 354. Ray Ritter et al., petitioners, v. Milk and Ice Cream
Driver and Dairy Employees Union Local 336 et al. The motions to
withhold orders denying petitions for writs of certiorari are denied.
No. 381. Z. & F. Assets Realization Corporation, petitioner, v. Cor-
dell Hull, Secretary of State, et al.; and
No. 382. American-Hawaiian Steamship Company, petitioner, v.
Cordell Hull, Secretary of State, et al. The motion to advance is
granted and the cases are set for hearing on Monday, December 9,
next. Mr. Justice Roberts took no part in the consideration and
decision of this application.
No. 364. Albert Smith, petitioner, v. Joseph O'Grady, Warden of
the Nebraska State Penitentiary etc. The motion for leave to pro-
ceed in forma pauperis is granted. The petition for writ of certi-
orari to the Supreme Court of the State of Nebraska is granted.
No. 367. Charles H. Knight, petitioner, v. Robert H. Hudspeth,
Warden etc. On petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Circuit Court of Appeals for the Tenth Circuit. The motion for
leave to proceed further herein in forma pauperis is denied for the
reason that the Court, upon examination of the papers herein sub-
mitted, finds that the application for a writ of certiorari was not
filed within the time provided by law. Section 8 (a), Act of Febru-
ary 13, 1925 (43 Stat. 936, 940). The petition for writ of certiorari
is therefore also denied.
No. 126. Earl Alexander, petitioner, v. Joseph O'Grady, Warden
etc. On petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of the
State of Nebraska;
No. 149. Otha Davis, petitioner, v. Joseph O'Grady, Warden etc.
On petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of the State
of Nebraska;
No. 353. Charlie W. Johnson, petitioner, v. Joseph W. Sanford,
Warden etc. On petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Circuit Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit;
No. 366. Leo Carpenter, petitioner, v. Robert H. Hudspeth, as
Warden etc. On petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Circuit Court of Appeals for the Tenth Circuit;

MONDAY, OCTOBER 21, 1940
37
No. 389. Rosalyn Randle, alias Helen G. Randle, etc., petitioner,
v. The United States of America. On petition for writ of certiorari
to the United States Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia;
No. 391. Otto Barnowski, petitioner, v. Robert H. Hudspeth,
Warden etc. On petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Circuit Court of Appeals for the Tenth Circuit; and
No. 390. Walter McDonald, petitioner, v. Robert H. Hudspeth,
Warden etc. On petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Circuit Court of Appeals for the Tenth Circuit. The motions for
leave to proceed further herein in forma pauperis are denied for
the reason that the Court, upon examination of the papers herein
submitted, finds no ground upon which writs of certiorari should
be issued. The petitions for writs of certiorari are therefore also
denied.
No. 304. The Carter Oil Company, petitioner, v. John F. Welker,
Nellie E. Welker, et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United
States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Seventh Circuit granted.
No. 336. Leroy A. Berry, petitioner, v. The United States of Amer-
ica. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit
Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit granted.
No. 344. Margaret Conway, petitioner, v. George H. O'Brien. Pe-
tition for writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of
Appeals for the Second Circuit granted.
No. 369. Stanley R. Hemphill, petitioner, v. The United States of
America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit
Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit granted.
No. 373. Charlotte Cross Just and Anne Elise Gruner, petitioner,
v. Alma Chambers, as Executrix etc. Petition for writ of certiorari
to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit
granted.
No. 384. Howard E. Breisch, petitioner, v. Central Railroad of
New Jersey. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Circuit Court of Appeals for the Third Circuit granted.
No. 393. The United States, petitioner, v. Arthur Pelzer. Peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the Court of Claims granted.
No. 68. Arthur McCoy, petitioner, v. State of West Virginia. On
petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Appeals of the
State of West Virginia; and
No. 355. John Painter, petitioner, v. Baltimore and Ohio Railroad
Company. On petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of

MONDAY, OCTOBER 21, 1940
38
the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania. The petitions for writs of certi-
orari in these cases are denied for the reason that the applications
therefor were not made within the time provided by law. Section
8 (a), Act of February 13, 1925 (43 Stat. 936, 940).
No. 322. Monte E. Hart, J. Emory Adams, et al., petitioners, v.
The United States of America. The motion for leave to file a supple-
mental petition for writ of certiorari is granted. The petition for
writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the
Fifth Circuit is denied. Mr. Justice Murphy took no part in the con-
sideration and decision of these applications.
No. 351. C. M. Bair, petitioner, v. Bank of America National Trust
and Savings Association. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United
States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit denied. Mr.
Justice Douglas took no part in the consideration and decision of this
application.
No. 403. Guy A. Thompson, Trustee etc., petitioner, v. Neal Wiley.
On consideration of the suggestion of a diminution of the record and
motion for a writ of certiorari in that relation, the motion for a writ
of certiorari is granted. The petition for writ of certiorari to the
Supreme Court of the State of Arkansas is denied.
No. 379. W. S. Simmons (Rosa F. Simmons, temporary administra-
trix substituted in place of W. S. Simmons, deceased), petitioner, v.
Peavy-Welsh Lumber Company. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit denied.
Mr. Justice Black, Mr. Justice Douglas, and Mr. Justice Murphy are
of the opinion that the petition for writ of certiorari should be granted.
No. 109. J. D. Langston and E. F. Godwin, petitioners, v. The State
of South Carolina. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme
Court of the State of South Carolina denied.
No. 225. In the matter of Morton D. Bluestone, petitioner. Peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of the State of Penn-
sylvania denied.
No. 290. Irving Trust Company, petitioner, v. The United States.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Claims denied.
No. 311. Agnes Gliwa et al., petitioners, v. United States Steel Cor-
poration et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court
of the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania denied.
No. 334. Agnes Gliwa et al., petitioners, v. United States Steel
Corporation et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Circuit Court of Appeals for the Third Circuit denied.
No. 341. County of Fresno and Walter S. Henderson, Jr., Asses-
sor, etc., petitioners, v. Commodity Credit Corporation. Petition for

MONDAY, OCTOBER 21, 1940
39
writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for
the Ninth Circuit denied.
No. 374. Rosie Lee Jackson, Lela Dimmer, et al., petitioners, v.
United Gas Public Service Company et al. Petition for writ of
certiorari to the Supreme Court of the State of Louisiana denied.
No. 380. Ngim Ah Oy, petitioner, v. Edward L. Haff, as District
Director, United States Immigration and Naturalization Service, etc.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of
Appeals for the Ninth Circuit denied.
No. 386. Continental Oil Company, petitioner, v. H. C. Jones, Col-
lector of Internal Revenue. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Tenth Circuit denied.
No. 388. O/Y Wipu, as Owner of the Finnish Steamer "Wilja,"
petitioner, v. Louis Louis Dreyfus et al., Co-partners, etc. Petition
for writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals
for the Second Circuit denied.
No. 394. The United States, petitioner, v. Byron Brown Ralston.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Claims denied.
No. 395. Alaska Steamship Company, Owner etc., petitioner, v.
Pacific Coast Coal Company et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to
the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit
denied.
No. 396. Robert F. Buggs, petitioner, v. Ford Motor Company, a
foreign corporation. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United
States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Seventh Circuit denied.
No. 398. The Hamilton Laboratories, Inc., petitioner, v. Samuel
E. Massengill, doing business as the S. E. Massengill Company. Peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of
Appeals for the Sixth Circuit denied.
No. 402. Main and McKinney Building Company of Houston,
Texas, petitioner, v. Commissioner of Internal Revenue. Petition for
writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for
the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 404. Southern Minerals Corporation, petitioner, v. Jay Sim-.
mons et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Cir-
cuit Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit denied.
The Court will take a recess from Monday, October 28, until Tues-
day, November 12, next.
No., Original. Ex parte National Labor Relations Board, peti-
tioner. Motion for leave to file petition for writ of mandamus or pro-
hibition presented.

MONDAY, OCTOBER 21, 1940
40
No. 19. Harry Bridges, petitioner, v. State of California. Argu-
ment continued by Mr. Allen W. Ashburn for the respondent and
concluded by Mr. A. L. Wirin for the petitioner. Three days allowed
counsel to file additional briefs.
No. 64. The Times-Mirror Company and L. D. Hotchkiss, peti-
tioners, v. The Superior Court of the State of California in and for
the County of Los Angeles. Argued by Mr. T. B. Cosgrove for the
petitioners and by Mr. Allen W. Ashburn for the respondent.
No. 20. Milk Wagon Drivers Union Local 753 et al., petitioners,
v. Lake Valley Farm Products, Inc., et al. Argument commenced
by Mr. Abraham W. Brussell for the petitioners.
Adjourned until tomorrow at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Tuesday, October 22, will be as follows: Nos. 20,
21, 23 (24 and 25), 8, 121, 26, 16,9 (10 and 11), 27, and 205.

TUESDAY, OCTOBER 22, 1940
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
41
Present: The Chief Justice, Mr. Justice McReynolds, Mr. Justice
Stone, Mr. Justice Roberts, Mr. Justice Black, Mr. Justice Reed, Mr.
Justice Frankfurter, Mr. Justice Douglas, and Mr. Justice Murphy.
Bertram Edises, of San Francisco, Calif.; Morris P. Glushien, of
Brooklyn, New York City; Charles O. Chandler, of Cleveland, Ohio;
Rosalie M. Moynahan, of New York City; William V. O'Connor, of
Washington, D. C.; Max W. Soffer, of St. Louis, Mo.; Walser Sly
Greathouse, of Seattle, Wash.; Cornelius F. Stradford, of Chicago,
Ill.; Elvira Lawrence Bleadinghiser, of Pittsburgh, Pa.; and Lee B.
Thompson, of Oklahoma City, Okla., were admitted to practice.
No. 264. Guy T. Helvering, Commissioner of Internal Revenue,
petitioner, v. Pan-American Life Insurance Company. Motion to ad-
vance submitted by Mr. Raymond C. Cushwa on behalf of counsel for
the respondent.
No. 20. Milk Wagon Drivers Union Local 753 et al., petitioners,
v. Lake Valley Farm Products, Inc., et al. Argument continued by
Mr. Arthur R. Seelig for the respondents and concluded by Mr. Abra-
ham W. Brussell for the petitioners.
No. 21. Barcardi Corporation of America, petitioner, v. Manuel
V. Domenech. Argument commenced by Mr. Edward S. Rogers for
the petitioner; continued by Mr. William Cattron Rigby for the re-
spondent, Manuel V. Domenech, Treasurer of Puerto Rico; by Mr.
David A. Buckley, Jr., for the Intervenor-Respondent, Destileria Ser-
ralles, Inc.; and concluded by Mr. Preston B. Kavanagh for the peti-
tioner.
No. 23. Wilson and Co., Inc., petitioner, v. The United States;
No. 24. Wilson & Co., Inc., of Kansas, petitioner, v. The United
States; and
No. 25. T. M. Sinclair & Company, Limited, petitioner, v. The
United States. Argument commenced by Mr. Dean G. Acheson for
the petitioners.
Adjourned until tomorrow at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Wednesday, October 23, will be as follows: Nos.
23 (24 and 25), 8, 121, 26, 16, 9 (10 and 11), 27, 205, 29, and 38.
266260-40--11
☑

WEDNESDAY, OCTOBER 23, 1940
42
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: The Chief Justice, Mr. Justice McReynolds, Mr. Justice
Stone, Mr. Justice Roberts, Mr. Justice Black, Mr. Justice Reed, Mr.
Justice Frankfurter, Mr. Justice Douglas, and Mr. Justice Murphy.
Walter B. Whitcomb, of Bellingham, Wash.; Jacob L. Miller, of
Newark, N. J.; James M. Joyce, of Jersey City, N. J.; Truman K.
Gibson, Jr., of Chicago, Ill.; Loring B. Moore, of Chicago, Ill.; Ben
A. Hill, of San Pedro, Calif.; and Joel R. Parker, of New York
City, were admitted to practice.
No. 23. Wilson and Co., Inc., petitioner, v. The United States;
No. 24. Wilson & Co., Inc., of Kansas, petitioner, v. The United
States; and
No. 25. T. M. Sinclair & Company, Limited, petitioner, 2. The
United States. Argument continued by Mr. Dean G. Acheson for
the petitioners and concluded by Mr. Warner W. Gardner for the
respondent.
No. 8. Crane-Johnson Company, petitioner, v. Commissioner of In-
ternal Revenue. Argued by Mr. John E. Hughes for the petitioner
and by Mr. Richard H. Demuth for the respondent.
No. 121. Guy T. Helvering, Commissioner of Internal Revenue,
petitioner, v. Northwest Steel Rolling Mills, Inc. Argued by Mr.
Richard H. Demuth for the petitioner and by Mr. Walser S. Great-
house for the respondent.
No. 26. West India Oil Company (Puerto Rico), petitioner, v.
Rafael Sancho Bonet, Treasurer of Puerto Rico. Manuel V. Dom-
enech, present Treasurer of Puerto Rico substituted as the party
respondent herein in the place and stead of Rafael Sancho Bonet,
former Treasurer, on motion of Mr. James R. Beverley for the
petitioner.
No. 26. West India Oil Company (Puerto Rico), petitioner, v.
Manuel V. Domenech, Treasurer of Puerto Rico. Argument com-
menced by Mr. James R. Beverley for the petitioner.
Adjourned until tomorrow at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Thursday, October 24, will be as follows: Nos. 26,
16, 9 (10 and 11), 27, 205, 29, and 50.
266260-40--12
☑

THURSDAY, OCTOBER 24, 1940
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
43
Present: The Chief Justice, Mr. Justice McReynolds, Mr. Justice
Stone, Mr. Justice Roberts, Mr. Justice Black, Mr. Justice Reed, Mr.
Justice Frankfurter, Mr. Justice Douglas, and Mr. Justice Murphy.
Edward Miller, of Denver, Colo.; John G. Eliot, of San Francisco,
Calif.; O. J. Antonsanti, of San Juan, P. R.; Timothy J. Driscoll, of
Boston, Mass.; and Schubert A. Stricklett, of Greensburg, Pa., were
admitted to practice.
No. 26. West India Oil Company (Puerto Rico), petitioner, v.
Manuel V. Domenech, Treasurer of Puerto Rico. Argument con-
tinued by Mr. James R. Beverley for the petitioner; by Mr. William
Cattron Rigby for the respondent and concluded by Mr. James R.
Beverley for the petitioner.
No. 16. International Association of Machinists, Tool and Die
Makers Lodge No. 35, etc., petitioner, v. National Labor Relations
Board. Argued by Mr. Joseph A. Padway for the petitioner and by
Mr. Robert B. Watts for the respondent.
No. 9. The Schriber-Schroth Company, petitioner, v. The Cleve-
land Trust Company, Chrysler Corporation;
No. 10. The Aberdeen Motor Supply Company, petitioner, v. The
Cleveland Trust Company, Chrysler Corporation; and
No. 11. The F. E. Rowe Sales Company, petitioner, v. The Cleve-
land Trust Company, Chrysler Corporation. Suggestion of a diminu-
tion of the record and motion for a writ of certiorari in that relation
submitted by Mr. John H. Sutherland for the petitioners. Argument
commenced by Mr. John H. Sutherland for the petitioners and con-
tinued by Mr. Arthur C. Denison for the respondent.
Adjourned until tomorrow at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Friday, October 25, will be as follows: Nos. 9 (10
and 11), 27, 205, 29, and 50.
266260-40-13
Х

FRIDAY, OCTOBER 25, 1940
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
44
Present: The Chief Justice, Mr. Justice McReynolds, Mr. Justice
Stone, Mr. Justice Roberts, Mr. Justice Black, Mr. Justice Reed,
Mr. Justice Frankfurter, Mr. Justice Douglas, and Mr. Justice
Murphy.
Harry L. Deibel, of Cleveland, Ohio; Joseph F. Van Horn, of
Philadelphia, Pa.; Erwin W. Roemer, of Chicago, Ill.; Albert L.
Orr, of Medicine Lodge, Kans.; Leo Rothstein Goldman, of New
York City; Carl M. Johnson, of Chicago, Ill.; and O. B. Martin,
of Blackwell, Okla., were admitted to practice.
No. 9. The Schriber-Schroth Company, petitioner, 2. The Cleve-
land Trust Company, Chrysler Corporation:
No. 10. The Aberdeen Motor Supply Company, petitioner, v. The
Cleveland Trust Company, Chrysler Corporation; and
No. 11. The F. E. Rowe Sales Company, petitioner, v. The Cleve-
land Trust Company, Chrysler Corporation. Leave to withdraw
application for writ of certiorari to correct a diminution of the
record granted on motion of Mr. John H. Sutherland for the peti-
tioners. Argument continued by Mr. Arthur C. Denison and by
Mr. F. O. Richey for the respondents and concluded by Mr. John H.
Bruninga for the petitioners.
No. 27. Guy T. Helvering, Commissioner of Internal Revenue, pe-
titioner, v. Paul R. G. Horst. Argued by Mr. Arnold Raum for
the petitioner and by Mr. Selden Bacon for the respondent.
No. 205. Guy T. Helvering, Commissioner of Internal Revenue,
petitioner, v. Gerald A. Eubank. Argued by Mr. Arnold Raum for
the petitioner and by Mr. Harry J. Rudick for the respondent.
No. 29. Carl A. Hansberry et al., petitioners, v. Anna M. Lee et al.
Argued by Mr. Earl B. Dickerson for the petitioners and by Mr.
McKenzie Shannon for the respondents.
No. 50. J. E. Riley Investment Company, petitioner, v. Commis-
sioner of Internal Revenue. Argued by Mr. Robert Ash for the
petitioner and by Mr. Richard H. Demuth for the respondent.
Adjourned until Monday, October 28, next at 12 o'clock.
☑
266260-40-14

MONDAY, OCTOBER 28, 1940
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
45
Present: The Chief Justice, Mr. Justice McReynolds, Mr. Justice
Stone, Mr. Justice Roberts, Mr. Justice Black, Mr. Justice Reed, Mr.
| Justice Frankfurter, Mr. Justice Douglas, and Mr. Justice Murphy.
J. Q. Henry. of Mission, Tex.; Myrtle Harriet Wood, of Washing-
ton, D. C.; James A. Pike, of Los Angeles, Calif.; J. Frances Emans, of
Los Angeles. Calif.; Harry James Harth, of Washington, D. C.; M.
Edward Abram, of Chicago, Ill.; Lindley C. Binford, of Portland,
Oreg.; Stephen N. Blewett, of Stockton, Calif.; and H. Raymond
Huffman, of Detroit, Mich., were admitted to practice.
The Chief Justice said:
"The orders of the Court appear upon the list certified by the Chief
Justice and filed with the clerk, and will not be announced orally."
No. 337. Hermann Max Schwinn, petitioner, v. The United States:
of America. On petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Circuit Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit. Per curiam: The peti-
tion for writ of certiorari is granted. The judgment is affirmed on
the sole ground that the certificate of citizenship was illegally procured.
No. 431. J. R. Keaton, appellant, v. City of Oklahoma City and
Davon Oil Company. Appeal from the Supreme Court of the State
of Oklahoma. Per curiam: The motion to dismiss is granted and the
appeal is dismissed for want of jurisdiction. Section 237 (a), Judi-
cial Code, as amended by the Act of February 13, 1925 (43 Stat. 936,
937). Treating the papers whereon the appeal was allowed as a peti-
tion for writ of certiorari, as required by section 237 (c) of the Judi-
cial Code (43 Stat. 936, 938), certiorari is denied.
-
No. Ex parte Charles N. Williams, petitioner. Application
denied.
No., original. Ex parte John D. Hardy, petitioner; and
No., original. Ex parte Claud Offill, petitioner. Rules are ordered
to issue, returnable November 18 next, requiring the respondents to
show cause why leave to file the petitions for writs of habeas corpus.
should not be granted.
266260-40--15

MONDAY, OCTOBER 28, 1940
46
No., original. Ex parte Kenneth Gerard, petitioner. The motion
for leave to file petition for writ of habeas corpus is denied without
prejudice to an application to the District Court.
No., original. Ex parte Robert Considine, petitioner. The motion
for leave to file petition for writ of habeas corpus is denied.
No. -, original. Ex parte Street & Smith Publications, Inc. The
motion for leave to file petition for writ of prohibition is denied.
-
,
No. original. Ex parte National Labor Relations Board, peti-
tioner. The motion for leave to file petition for writs of mandamus
and prohibition is denied.
No. 248. National Labor Relations Board, petitioner, v. Sterling
Electric Motors, Inc. On petition for writ of certiorari to the United
States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit. Dismissed on
motion of counsel for the petitioner.
No. 133. Major Raymond Lisenba, appellant, v. The People of the
State of California; and
No. 134. Major Raymond Lisenba, appellant, v. The People of the
State of California. Appeals from the Supreme Court of the State of
California. The motions for leave to proceed in forma pauperis are
granted. The appeals are dismissed for want of jurisdiction. Section
237 (a), Judicial Code, as amended by the Act of February 13, 1925.
Treating the papers whereon the appeals were allowed as petitions for
writs of certiorari, as required by section 237 (c) of the Judicial Code
(43 Stat. 936, 938), certiorari is granted.
No. 141. Virginia Vandenbark, petitioner, v. The Owens-Illinois
Glass Company. On petition for writ of certiorari to the United
States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Sixth Circuit;
No. 173. Jack Walker, petitioner, v. James A. Johnston, Warden,
etc. On petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit
Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit; and
No. 315. Everett Ault Evans, alias Everett A. Troglin, etc., peti-
tioner, v. The United States of America. On petition for writ of
certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the
Tenth Circuit. The motions for leave to proceed in forma pauperis
are granted. The petitions for writs of certiorari are also granted.
No. 319. Charles Sherwin, petitioner, v. The United States of
America; and
No. 320. Joseph P. Sheridan, petitioner, v. The United States of
America. The motion for leave to proceed in forma pauperis is
granted. The petition for writs or certiorari to the United States
Circuit Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit is granted and the
cases are assigned for argument immediately following No. 369.

MONDAY, OCTOBER 28, 1940
47
No. 345. William Clark, petitioner, v. State of Alabama. On peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of the State of
Alabama; and
No. 392. Commonwealth of Pennsylvania ex rel. Lee Montgomery,
petitioner, v. Stanley P. Ashe, Warden, etc. On petition for writ
of certiorari to the Superior Court of the Commonwealth of Pennsyl-
vania, Pittsburgh District. The motions for leave to proceed further
herein in forma pauperis are denied for the reason that the Court,
upon examination of the papers herein submitted, finds that the ap-
plications for writs of certiorari were not filed within the time
provided by law. Section 8 (a), Act of February 13, 1925 (43 Stat.
936, 940). The petitions for writs of certiorari are therefore also
denied.
No. 488. Paul Tross, petitioner, v. State of West Virginia. The
motion for leave to proceed further herein in forma pauperis is denied
for the reason that the Court, upon examination of the papers herein
submitted, finds no ground upon which a writ of certiorari should be
issued. The petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of the
State of West Virginia, Mineral County, is therefore also denied.
No. 364. Albert Smith, petitioner, v. Joseph O'Grady, Warden,
etc. It is ordered that William L. Marbury, Jr., Esq., of Baltimore,
Md., a member of the bar of this Court, be appointed to serve as counsel
for the petitioner in this case.
No. 400. Consolidated Rock Products Co. et al., petitioners, v.
E. Blois du Bois; and
No. 444. F. D. Badgley et al., petitioners, v. E. Blois duBois. Pe-
titions for writs of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of
Appeals for the Ninth Circuit granted.
No. 421. City of Indianapolis et al., petitioners, v. The Chase Na-
tional Bank of the City of New York, Trustee, etc., et al.;
No. 422. City of Indianapolis et al., petitioners, v. The Chase Na-
tional Bank of the City of New York, Trustee, etc.;
No. 423. The Chase National Bank of the City of New York, Trus-
tee, etc., petitioner, v. Citizens Gas Company of Indianapolis et al.;
and
No. 424. The Chase National Bank of the City of New York, Trus-
tee, etc., petitioner, v. The Indianapolis Gas Company et al. Petitions
for writs of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals
for the Seventh Circuit granted.
No. 425. The Metropolitan Casualty Insurance Company of New
York, petitioner, v. Frank Stevens. Petition for writ of certiorari to
the Supreme Court of the State of Michigan granted.

MONDAY, OCTOBER 28, 1940
48
No. 264. Guy T. Helvering, Commissioner of Internal Revenue,
petitioner, v. Pan-American Life Insurance Company. Petition for
writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for
the Fifth Circuit granted. The motion to advance is granted and
the case is assigned for argument immediately following No. 2.
No. 413. Continental Oil Company, petitioner, v. National Labor
Relations Board. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Circuit Court of Appeals for the Tenth Circuit granted, limited to the
first and second questions presented by the petition.
No. 419. Guy T. Helvering, Commissioner of Internal Revenue,
petitioner, v. Mary M. Hutchings. Petition for writ of certiorari to
the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit
granted and case assigned for argument immediately following No.
393.
No. 410. Sidney J. Dillon, petitioner, v. The United States of
America; and
No. 411. Lewis E. Crowley, petitioner, v. The United States of
America. Petition for writs of certiorari to the United States Circuit
Court of Appeals for the Eighth Circuit denied. Mr. Justice Douglas
took no part in the consideration and decision of this application.
No. 416. State National Bank of Maysville, Kentucky, petitioner,
v. The Chesapeake and Ohio Railway Company. Petition for writ
of certiorari to the Court of Appeals of the Commonwealth of Ken-
tucky denied. Mr. Justice Reed took no part in the consideration and
decision of this application.
No. 244. James M. Madden et al., petitioners, v. Lykes Bros.-
Ripley Steamship Company, Inc., et al. The motion to proceed on the
typewritten record is granted. The petition for writ of certiorari to
the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit is
denied.
No. 405. Mrs. W. G. (Mary) Noll, petitioner, v. Mrs. Bessie Mifflin
Hunt, Administratrix, etc. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Sixth Circuit denied.
No. 406. Yokohama Specie Bank, Ltd., petitioner, v. Dr. Hu Shih,
The Ambassador of the Republic of China to the United States of
America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit
Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit denied.
No. 407. Montgomery Ward & Co., Incorporated, petitioner, v.
Philip B. Fleming, Administrator of the Wage and Hour Division,
United States Department of Labor. Petition for writ of certiorari
to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Seventh Circuit
denied.

MONDAY, OCTOBER 28, 1940
49
No. 412. The First National Bank of Chicago et al., petitioners,
v. Commissioner of Internal Revenue. Petition for writ of certiorari
to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Seventh Circuit
denied.
No. 414. Booth Fisheries Corporation, petitioner, v. Conway P.
Coe, Commissioner of Patents. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
United States Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia denied.
No. 415. Dorothy E. Roetter, petitioner, v. Frank M. McKey, Trus-
tee, etc. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit
Court of Appeals for the Seventh Circuit denied.
No. 417. Fuel Credit Corporation, petitioner, v. Thomas J. How-
ard, Owner, etc., et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United
States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit denied.
No. 418. Raymond R. Smith, as Receiver, etc., et al., petitioners, v.
Abbott Lawrence Mills. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United
States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Seventh Circuit denied.
No. 420. Ben Adler Signs, Incorporated, et al., petitioners, v. Wag-
ner Sign Service, Incorporated. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Seventh Circuit denied.
No. 426. Samuel Strobl, petitioner, v. John Zidek, Jr. Petition
for writ of certiorari to the Appellate Court of the State of Illinois,
First District, denied.
No. 427. City of Huron, petitioner, v. T. G. Evenson, Trustee. Pe-
tition for writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of
Appeals for the Eighth Circuit denied.
No. 428. Harold H. Moore, Bankrupt, petitioner. v. Leonard Hor-
ton, Trustee in Bankruptcy. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Sixth Circuit denied.
No. 429. School Board of the City of Norfolk et al., petitioners, v.
Melvin O. Alston et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United
States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Fourth Circuit denied.
No. 430. Stanolind Pipe Line Company, petitioner, v. Oklahoma
Tax Commission, Composed of J. D. Carmichael et al. Petition for
writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for
the Tenth Circuit denied.
No. 432. Einson-Freeman Co., Inc., petitioner, v. Walter E. Cor-
win, Individually and as Former Collector of Internal Revenue, et al.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of
Appeals for the Second Circuit denied.

Х
MONDAY, OCTOBER 28, 1940
50
50
No. 433. Canadian River Gas Company et al., petitioners, v. Fed-
eral Power Commission. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United
States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Tenth Circuit denied.
No. James H. Johnson, petitioner, v. Metropolitan Casualty
Insurance Company; and
No. 452. Charles A. McCulloch, petitioner, v. Wilbur L. Loftus.
Petitions for rehearing denied.
No. 112. W. E. Floyd et al., petitioners, v. J. T. Eggleston et al.;
and
No. 246. Milford B. Martin, appellant, v. The People of the State
of California. Reported for failure to comply with the rules.
Adjourned until Tuesday, November 12, at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Tuesday, November 12, will be as follows: Nos.
22, 30, 31, 32, 44 (and 45), 74, 267, 33, 34 (and 35), and 36.

TUESDAY, NOVEMBER 12, 1940
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
51
Present: The Chief Justice, Mr. Justice McReynolds, Mr. Justice
Stone, Mr. Justice Roberts, Mr. Justice Black, Mr. Justice Reed, Mr.
Justice Frankfurter, Mr. Justice Douglas, and Mr. Justice Murphy.
Laurence E. Oliphant, Jr., of Chicago, Ill.; Ralph G. Crandall, of
Chicago, Ill.; Sam W. Davis, of Houston, Tex.; Russell Conwell Gay,
of New York City; Ashton File, of Beckley, W. Va.; William E.
Kemp, of Kansas City, Mo.; Aloysius B. Cawley, of Chicago, Ill.; Wil-
liam B. Dickenson, Jr., of Tampa, Fla.; Paul E. Talley, of Little
Rock, Ark.; Archibald B. Tinning, of Martinez, Calif.; Ruby D.
Garrett, of Kansas City, Mo.; Ethel Irwin Lineweaver, of Harrison-
burg, Va.; Elmer O. Goodwin, of Newark, N. J.; Charles Danzig,
of Newark, N. J.; Walter Hobart Compton, of Harrisburg, Pa.;
Graham Susman, of Denver, Colo.; George Kunkel, of Harrisburg,
Pa.; Thomas W. Bockes, of Omaha, Nebr.; Thomas M. Raysor, of
Washington, D. C.; Donald Marks, of New York City; and John A.
Barr, of Chicago, Ill., were admitted to practice.
No. 5. Harry H. Neuberger, petitioner, v. Commissioner of Inter-
nal Revenue. On writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court
of Appeals for the Second Circuit. Judgment of the Circuit Court
of Appeals reversed and case remanded to the said Circuit Court of
Appeals with directions to remand to the Board of Tax Appeals for
proceedings in conformity with the opinion of this Court. Opinion
by Mr. Justice Murphy. Dissenting: Mr. Justice Roberts, Mr. Justice
Black, and Mr. Justice Douglas.
No. 50. J. E. Riley Investment Company, petitioner, v. Commis-
sioner of Internal Revenue. On writ of certiorari to the United
States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit. Judgment
affirmed and cause remanded to the United States Circuit Court of
Appeals for the Ninth Circuit. Opinion by Mr. Justice Douglas.
No. 13. The United States of America, petitioner, v. Ashby Oliver
Stewart. On writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court
of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit. Judgment reversed and cause
remanded to the District Court of the United States for the Northern
District of California for further proceedings in conformity with the
266260-40-16

TUESDAY, NOVEMBER 12, 1940
52
opinion of this Court. Opinion by Mr. Justice Douglas. Dissenting:
Mr. Justice Roberts.¹
No. 16. International Association of Machinists, Tool and Die
Makers Lodge No. 35, etc., petitioners, v. National Labor Relations
Board. On writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the District of Columbia. Judgment affirmed and cause remanded
to the United States Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia.
Opinion by Mr. Justice Douglas.
No. 121. Guy T. Helvering, Commissioner of Internal Revenue,
petitioner, v. Northwest Steel Rolling Mills, Inc. On writ of certiorari
to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit.
Judgment reversed and cause remanded to the said Circuit Court of
Appeals with directions to affirm the judgment of the Board of Tax
Appeals. Opinion by Mr. Justice Black.
No. 8. Crane-Johnson Company, a corporation of North Dakota,
petitioner, v. Commissioner of Internal Revenue. On writ of certio-
rari to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Eighth
Circuit. Judgment affirmed and cause remanded to the United States
Circuit Court of Appeals for the Eighth Circuit. Opinion by Mr.
Justice Black.
No. 26. West India Oil Company (Puerto Rico), petitioner, v.
Manuel V. Domenech, Treasurer of Puerto Rico. On writ of certio-
rari to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the First Cir-
cuit. Judgment affirmed with costs and cause remanded to the Supreme
Court of Puerto Rico. Opinion by Mr. Justice Stone. Dissenting
opinion by Mr. Justice Reed in which Mr. Justice Roberts joins.
No. 29. Carl A. Hansberry, Nannie L. Hansberry, et al., peti-
tioners, v. Anna M. Lee, Edward L. Govanus, et al. On writ of certi-
orari to the Supreme Court of the State of Illinois. Judgment re-
versed with costs and cause remanded to the said Supreme Court for
further proceedings not inconsistent with the opinion of this Court.
Opinion by Mr. Justice Stone. Mr. Justice McReynolds, Mr. Justice
Roberts, and Mr. Justice Reed concur in the result.
No. 14. Republic Steel Corporation, petitioner, v. National Labor
Relations Board et al. On writ of certiorari to the United States Cir-
cuit Court of Appeals for the Third Circuit. Decree of the Circuit
Court of Appeals modified and cause remanded to that court with di-
rections to enter a decree enforcing the order of the National Labor
Relations Board with the provision relative to the payments to gov-
ernmental agencies eliminated. Opinion by Mr. Chief Justice Hughes.
1 No. 37. Stern Brothers & Co., petitioner, v. Guy T. Helvering, Commissioner of Internal
Revenue. On writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the
Eighth Circuit. Judgment affirmed, per stipulation of counsel to abide the decision in
No. 13.

TUESDAY, NOVEMBER 12, 1940
53
Mr. Justice Roberts took no part in the consideration and decision
of this case. Dissenting: Mr. Justice Black and Mr. Justice Douglas.
No. 15. Fleisher Engineering & Construction Co. and Joseph A.
Bass, doing business as Joseph A. Bass Co., et al., petitioners, v. The
United States of America, for the use and benefit of George S. Hallen-
beck, etc. On writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of
Appeals for the Second Circuit. Judgment affirmed with costs and
cause remanded to the District Court of the United States for the
Western District of New York. Opinion by Mr. Chief Justice Hughes.
The Chief Justice said:
"The orders of the Court appear upon the list certified by the Chief
Justice and filed with the Clerk and will not be announced orally."
No. 446. Gottfried Schmidt, appellant, v. Minnesota State Board
of Medical Examiners. Appeal from the Supreme Court of the
State of Minnesota. Per curiam: The motion for leave to file the
statement as to jurisdiction is granted. The appeal is dismissed for
the want of jurisdiction. Section 237 (a), Judicial Code, as amended
by the Act of February 13, 1925 (43 Stat. 936, 937). Treating the
papers whereon the appeal was allowed as a petition for writ of
certiorari, as required by section 237 (c) of the Judicial Code (43
Stat. 936, 938), certiorari is denied.
No. 246. Milford B. Martin, appellant, v. The People of the State
of California. Appeal from the Supreme Court of the State of
California. Per curiam: The appeal is dismissed for the want of
jurisdiction. Section 237 (a), Judicial Code, as amended by the Act
of February 13, 1925 (43 Stat. 936, 937). Treating the papers
whereon the appeal was allowed as a petition for writ of certiorari,
as required by section 237 (c) of the Judicial Code (43 Stat. 936,
938), certiorari is denied.
No., original. Ex parte Fred J. Becker, petitioner. A rule is
ordered to issue, returnable December 9, next, requiring the respond-
ent to show cause why leave to file the petition for writ of habeas
corpus should not be granted.
No., original. Ex parte Louis Burall, petitioner. A rule is
ordered to issue, returnable December 9, next, requiring the respond-
ent to show cause why leave to file the petition for writ of mandamus
should not be granted.
No. 173. Jack Walker, petitioner, v. James A. Johnston, Warden,
etc. It is ordered that Charles E. Wyzanski, Jr., Esq., of Boston,
Massachusetts, a member of the bar of this Court, be appointed to
serve as counsel for the petitioner in this case.

TUESDAY, NOVEMBER 12, 1940
54
No. 393. The United States, petitioner, v. Arthur Pelzer. This
case is assigned for argument immediately following Nos. 494 and
495.
No. 448. Henry A. Scandrett et al., Trustees, etc., et al., appel-
lants, v. The United States of America et al. In this case probable
jurisdiction is noted.
No. 502. Willis Cox, Walter Chaplinsky, et al., appellants, v. State
of New Hampshire. In this case probable jurisdiction is noted.
No. 449. Joe Vernon, petitioner, v. State of Alabama. On peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of the State of
Alabama;
No. 457. Melville Adams, petitioner, v. Dr. William A. Boyce et al.
On petition for writ of certiorari to the District Court of Appeal,
2d Appellate District, State of California;
No. 397. Ernest Jacobs, petitioner, v. The United States of Amer-
ica. On petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit
Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit; and
No. 477. M. E. Waggoner, petitioner, v. The United States of
America. On petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Circuit Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit. The motions for
leave to proceed further herein in forma pauperis are denied for the
reason that the Court, upon examination of the papers herein sub-
mitted, finds no ground upon which writs of certiorari should be
issued. The petitions for writs of certiorari are therefore also
denied.
No. 436. Guy T. Helvering, Commissioner of Internal Revenue,
petitioner, v. Estate of John M. Enright, deceased, et al. Petition
for writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals
for the Third Circuit granted.
No. 437. Carter H. Harrison, Collector of Internal Revenue, etc.,
petitioner, v. Sarah H. Schaffner. Petition for writ of certiorari to
the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Seventh Circuit
granted.
No. 442. National Labor Relations Board, petitioner, v. Express
Publishing Company. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United
States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit granted.
No. 472. Guy T. Helvering, Commissioner of Internal Revenue,
petitioner, v. Richard Van Nest Gambrill;
No. 473. Guy T. Helvering, Commissioner of Internal Revenue,
petitioner, v. Marjorie K. Campbell;
No. 474. Guy T. Helvering, Commissioner of Internal Revenue,
petitioner, v. Seymour H. Knox; and

1
'
TUESDAY, NOVEMBER 12, 1940
55
No. 475. Guy T. Helvering, Commissioner of Internal Revenue,
petitioner, v. Dorothy K. G. Rogers. Petitions for writs of certio-
rari to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Second
Circuit granted.
No. 484. The United States of America, petitioner, v. The Cooper
Corporation et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United
States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit granted.
No. 447. Westinghouse Electric & Manufacturing Company, peti-
tioner, v. National Labor Relations Board. Petition for writ of
certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the
Second Circuit granted. Mr. Justice Roberts took no part in the
consideration and decision of this application.
No. 479. Norman J. Pfaff and Frank B. Wallace, Executors, etc.,
petitioners, v. Commissioner of Internal Revenue. Petition for writ
of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the
Second Circuit granted and case assigned for argument immediately
following No. 436.
No. 486. Madeleine D. Powers, petitioner, v. Commissioner of In-
ternal Revenue. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Circuit Court of Appeals for the First Circuit granted and case
assigned for argument immediately following No. 92.
No. 494. The United States of America, petitioner, v. Joseph T.
Ryerson et al.; and
No. 495. Joseph T. Ryerson et al., petitioners, v. The United States
of America. Petitions for writs of certiorari to the United States
Circuit Court of Appeals for the Seventh Circuit granted and cases
assigned for argument immediately following No. 486.
No. 564. Guy T. Helvering, Commissioner of Internal Revenue,
petitioner, v. Oregon Mutual Life Insurance Company. Petition for
writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for
the Ninth Circuit granted and case assigned for argument immedi-
ately following No. 264.
No. 455. Henry J. Ripperger, as Receiver, etc., petitioner, v. A. C.
Allyn & Co., Inc., et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit
denied. Mr. Justice Douglas took no part in the consideration and
decision of this application.
No. 476. Bryant McQuillen and Samuel Gottlieb, petitioners, v.
The National Cash Register Company et al. The motion to dis-
pense with the printing of the record is granted. The petition for
writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for
the Fourth Circuit is denied. The Chief Justice took no part in the
consideration and decision of these applications.

TUESDAY, NOVEMBER 12, 1940
56
No. 480. I. B. Melville, A. C. Monson, et al., petitioners, v. Arthur
Weybrew et al. On petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme
Court of the State of Colorado. The motion to supplement the
record is denied. The petition for writ of certiorari is denied for
the reason that the application therefor was not made within the
time provided by law. Section 8 (a), Act of February 13, 1925
(43 Stat. 936, 940).
No. 434. Missouri Pacific Transportation Company et al., peti-
tioners, v. Eugene A. Parker, Administrator, et al. Petition for writ
of certiorari to the Supreme Court of the State of Arkansas denied.
No. 435. Continental Casualty Company, petitioner, v. The United
States of America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United
States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 439. Harold Van Riper, petitioner, v. The United States of
America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit
Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit denied.
No. 440. Estate of Karoline E. Gund, deceased, et al., petitioners,
v. Commissioner of Internal Revenue. Petition for writ of cer-
tiorari to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Sixth
Circuit denied.
No. 443. Clara E. Hare et al., petitioners, v. Allen W. Henderson
et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit
Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 450. Anna Schommer, John J. Horowitz, et al., petitioners, v.
James H. Wilkerson, Judge, etc., et al. Petition for writ of cer-
tiorari to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Seventh
Circuit denied.
No. 451. Lucile Harvey, petitioner, v. City of St. Petersburg, etc.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of the State
of Florida denied.
No. 453. Jonas Weill, petitioner, v. Compagnie Generale Trans-
atlantique. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Cir-
cuit Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit denied.
No. 454. The United States of America for the use and benefit of
Luigi Luchini et al., petitioners, v. The Ferro Concrete Construction
Company et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Circuit Court of Appeals for the First Circuit denied.
No. 456. Claude C. Long, petitioner, v. The People of the State
of California. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court
of the State of California denied.
No. 458. Emanuel E. Larson, petitioner, v. Pacific Mutual Life
Insurance Company. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme
Court of the State of Illinois denied.

TUESDAY, NOVEMBER 12, 1940
57
No. 459. C. H. Dunn, petitioner, v. Harold L. Ickes, Secretary of
the Interior. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia denied.
No. 460. John Spencer, Trustee, etc., petitioner, v. Hiram Walker
& Sons Grain Corporation, Ltd. Petition for writ of certiorari to
the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Sixth Circuit
denied.
No. 461. Catahoula Bank, petitioner, v. Leon Kirby, Debtor. Pe-
tition for writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of
Appeals for the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 462. Mae B. Burgess, Co-Administratrix, et al., petitioners, v.
Reliance Life Insurance Company. Petition for writ of certiorari
to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Eighth Circuit
denied.
No. 464. Tsune-Chi Yu, petitioner, v. Carl Byoir and Associates,
Inc. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit
Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit denied.
No. 465. Standard Gas and Electric Company, petitioner, v. John
M. Taylor et al., etc. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United
States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Tenth Circuit denied.
No. 331. George S. Houston and Hargis Langdon, Trustees, etc.,
et al., petitioners, v. The Honorable Mac Swinford, Judge of the
United States District Court for the Eastern District of Kentucky,
et al.;
No. 332. J. W. Kohn, M. S. Kohn, et al., petitioners, v. Circuit
Court of Appeals for the Sixth Circuit et al.; and
No. 333. J. W. Kohn, M. S. Kohn, et al., petitioners, v. The Hon-
orable Mac Swinford, Judge of the United States District Court for
the Eastern District of Kentucky, et al. Petitions for writs of
certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Sixth
Circuit denied.
No. 463. Charles J. Wolfe, petitioner, v. C. F. Murphy et al. Pe-
tition for writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of
Appeals for the Eighth Circuit denied.
No. 466. Donald M. Gilbert, Harold C. Yeager, et al., petitioners,
v. The Peoria and Eastern Railway Company et al.; and
No. 467. Wm. Carnegie Ewen, Lewis L. Clarke, et al., petitioners,
v. The Peoria and Eastern Railway Company et al. Petitions for
writs of certiorari to the District Court of the United States for the
Southern District of New York denied.
No. 469. Manuel Pelelas, petitioner, v. Caterpillar Tractor Com-
pany.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit
Court of Appeals for the Seventh Circuit denied.

TUESDAY, NOVEMBER 12, 1940
58
No. 470. R. P. Farnsworth & Company, Inc., petitioner, v. Elec-
trical Supply Company. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United
States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 471. Rupert N. Dunn, petitioner, v. The People of the State
of California. Petition for writ of certiorari to the District Court of
Appeal, 3d Appellate District, State of California, denied.
No. 478. Metropolitan Building and Loan Association et al., peti-
tioners, v. Texas Unemployment Compensation Commission et al.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Civil Appeals, 3d
Supreme Judicial District, State of Texas, denied.
No. 481. John Cross, petitioner, v. Maryland Casualty Company.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of
Appeals for the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 482. New York Life Insurance Company, petitioner, v. Beulah
C. Calhoun. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Cir-
cuit Court of Appeals for the Eighth Circuit denied.
No. 487. Acme Freight Lines, Inc., petitioner, v. J. M. Lee, as
State Comptroller of the State of Florida. Petition for writ of cer-
tiorari to the Supreme Court of the State of Florida denied.
No. 489. Dallas Machine & Locomotive Works, Inc., petitioner, v.
Willamette-Hyster Company et al. Petition for writ of certiorari
to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit
denied.
No. 490. International Company of St. Louis, petitioner, v. E. R.
Sloan, Receiver, etc. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United
States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Tenth Circuit denied.
No. 491. Bastian Bros. Co., petitioner, v. George T. McGowan,
Collector of Internal Revenue, etc. Petition for writ of certiorari to
the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit
denied.
No. 497. A. J. Matthews, as Trustee, petitioner, v. The United
States of America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United
States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Eighth Circuit denied.
No. 501. Cap Andrew Tilles, petitioner, v. Commissioner of In-
ternal Revenue. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
☐ Circuit Court of Appeals for the Eighth Circuit denied.
No. 505. Johannes B. Kessel and Louis Hoffberg, petitioners, v.
Vidrio Products Corporation. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Seventh Circuit denied.
No. 322. Monte E. Hart, J. Emory Adams, et al., petitioners, v.
The United States of America. Petition for rehearing denied. Mr.
Justice Douglas and Mr. Justice Murphy took no part in the con-
sideration and decision of this application.

TUESDAY, NOVEMBER 12, 1940
59
No. 94. Elmer W. Kelley et al., petitioners, v. The City of Syra-
cuse et al.;
No. 123. Harriet K. Moon, petitioner, v. The Home Life Insurance
Company of New York;
No. 124. Harriet K. Moon, petitioner, v. Mutual Benefit Health &
Accident Association;
No. 156. John J. Holmes, as State Auditor, etc., appellant, v.
Springfield Fire & Marine Insurance Company;
No. 172. I. H. Nakdimen, H. S. Nakdimen, et al., petitioners, v.
Lazare Baker;
No. 181. Herbert Fleishhacker, petitioner, v. Lucien Blum et al.;
No. 222. W. J. Kirkpatrick, appellant, v. J. Alice Stelling;
No. 226. William Doster Noland, petitioner, v. Vyola Bubb Noland
et al.;
No. 234. Cecelia Vacanti Cole, petitioner, v. The United States of
America;
No. 299. Southwestern Bell Telephone Company, appellant, v.
Carrie C. Lee;
No. 300. Southwestern Bell Telephone Company, appellant, v.
S. B. Hanna;
No. 313. Frank A. Dougherty, petitioner, v. State of Florida;
No. 323. American National Bank of Nashville, Tennessee, peti-
tioner, v. City of Sanford, Alabama, et al.;
No. 326. John F. Corcoran, appellant, v. City of Chicago;
No. 354. Ray Ritter et al., petitioners, v. Milk and Ice Cream
Driver and Dairy Employees Union Local 336 et al.; and
No. 441. H. E. Butt Grocery Company et al., appellants, v. George
H. Sheppard, Comptroller, etc. Petitions for rehearing denied.
No. 30. Montgomery Ward and Company, petitioner, v. Luther
M. Duncan. Argued by Mr. John A. Barr for the petitioner and by
Mr. Edward H. Coulter for the respondent.
No. 31. American United Mutual Life Insurance Company, peti-
tioner, v. City of Avon Park, Florida. Argued by Mr. Giles J. Pat-
terson for the petitioner and by Mr. Robert J. Pleus for the respondent.
No. 32. Fidelity Union Trust Company and Minton H. Twinch,
as Executors, etc., petitioners, v. Ethel Adelaide Field. Argument com-
menced by Mr. Charles Danzig for the petitioners.
Adjourned until tomorrow at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Wednesday, November 13, will be as follows: Nos.
32, 44 (and 45), 74, 267, 33, 34 (and 35), 38, 39 (and 40), 42,
and 36.
☑
266260-40--17
1

WEDNESDAY, NOVEMBER 13, 1940
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
60
Present: The Chief Justice, Mr. Justice McReynolds, Mr. Justice
Stone, Mr. Justice Roberts, Mr. Justice Black, Mr. Justice Reed, Mr.
Justice Frankfurter, Mr. Justice Douglas, and Mr. Justice Murphy.
Marvin P. Morton, Jr., of Texarkana, Tex.; Clayton D. Hollinger,
of Washington, D. C.; Frank Bartow McDonald, Jr., of Waycross, Ga.;
and Walter L. Newsom, Jr., of San Juan, P. R., were admitted to
practice.
No. 32. Fidelity Union Trust Company and Minton H. Twinch, as
Executors, etc., petitioners, v. Ethel Adelaide Field. Argument con-
tinued by Mr. Charles Danzig for the petitioners; by Mr. Russell C.
MacFall for the respondent; and concluded by Mr. Charles Danzig for
the petitioners.
No. 44. Charles Peyton West and Maurice John West, petitioners,
v. American Telephone and Telegraph Company; and
No. 45. Charles Peyton West and Maurice John West, petitioners,
v. American Telephone and Telegraph Company. Argued by Mr.
Harry L. Deibel for the petitioners and by Mr. William B. Cockley
for the respondent.
No. 74. Lewis K. Stoner, petitioner, v. New York Life Insurance
Company. Argued by Mr. William H. Becker for the respondent, and
case submitted by Mr. Kendall B. Randolph for the petitioner.
No. 267. Six Companies of California et al., petitioners, v. Joint
Highway District No. 13 of the State of California. Argument com-
menced by Mr. Paul S. Marrin for the petitioners.
Adjourned until tomorrow at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Thursday, November 14, will be as follows: Nos.
267, 33, 34 (and 35), 38, 39 (and 40), 42, 36, 113, 183, and 2.
266260-40-
☑
-18

THURSDAY, NOVEMBER 14, 1940
61
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: The Chief Justice, Mr. Justice McReynolds, Mr. Justice
Stone, Mr. Justice Roberts, Mr. Justice Black, Mr. Justice Reed, Mr.
Justice Frankfurter, Mr. Justice Douglas, and Mr. Justice Murphy.
W. Dewey Lawrence, of Tyler, Tex.; Adam Pascal George Steffes,
of Las Vegas, Nev.; Chester Leslie Davis, of Washington, D. C.; Loyd
E. Roberts, of Joplin, Mo.; Oliver T. Remmers, of St. Louis, Mo.;
Ira C. Haycock, of Miami, Fla.; Joseph Sheban, of Youngstown,
Ohio; Lee F. Dante, of Washington, D. C.; Hamilton Moses, Jr., of
Chicago, Ill.; and Herbert S. Anderson, of Chicago, Ill., were ad-
mitted to practice.
No. 267. Six Companies of California, Hartford Accident and
Indemnity Company, et al., petitioners, v. Joint Highway District No.
le of the State of California. Argument continued by Mr. Paul S.
Marrin for the petitioners; by Mr. Archibald B. Tinning and Mr.
Theodore P. Wittschem for the respondent; and concluded by Mr.
Paul S. Marrin for the petitioners.
No. 33. Edgar Smith, petitioner, v. The State of Texas. Argued
by Mr. Sam W. Davis for the petitioner and by Mr. George W. Barcus
for the respondent.
No. 34. L. Singer & Sons et al., petitioners, v. Union Pacific Rail-
road Company; and
No. 35. Kansas City, Missouri, petitioner, v. L. Singer & Sons
et al. Argument commenced by Mr. Ruby D. Garrett for the peti-
tioners in No. 34 and continued by Mr. William E. Kemp for the
petitioner in No. 35.
Adjourned until tomorrow at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Friday, November 15, will be as follows: Nos. 34
(and 35), 38, 39 (and 40), 36, 113, 183, 42, 2, 264, and 564.
☑
266260-40-19

Х
FRIDAY, NOVEMBER 15, 1940
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
62
Present: The Chief Justice, Mr. Justice McReynolds, Mr. Justice
Stone, Mr. Justice Roberts, Mr. Justice Black, Mr. Justice Reed, Mr.
Justice Frankfurter, Mr. Justice Douglas, and Mr. Justice Murphy.
Katherine A. Markwell, of Washington, D. C.; Frederick Baum, of
New York, N. Y.; Arthur Hartman Ford, of Washington, D. C.;
William Harold Hutchinson, of Seattle, Wash.; Joseph L. Rauh, Jr.,
of Cincinnati, Ohio; Richard H. Wels, of New York City; and Wil-
liam A. Bassett, Jr., of Los Angeles, Calif., were admitted to practice.
No. 34. L. Singer & Sons et al., petitioners, v. Union Pacific Rail-
road Company; and
No. 35. Kansas City, Missouri, petitioner, v. L. Singer & Sons et al.
Argument continued by Mr. William E. Kemp for the petitioner in
No. 35; by Mr. Henry N. Ess for the respondent in No. 34; and con-
cluded by Mr. Thomas W. Bockes for the respondents in No. 35.
No. 38. Howard S. Palmer et al., Trustees, etc., petitioners, v. Con-
necticut Railway & Lighting Company. Argued by Mr. James Gar-
field for the petitioners and by Mr. George W. Martin for the
respondent.
No. 39. Federal Communications Commission, petitioner, v.
Columbia Broadcasting System of California, Inc.; and
No. 40. Federal Communications Commission, petitioner, v. The
Associated Broadcasters. Argued by Mr. Telford Taylor for the .
petitioner and by Mr. Duke M. Patrick for the respondent in No. 39.
No appearance for the respondent in No. 40.
Adjourned until Monday, next, at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Monday, November 18, will be as follows: Nos. 36,
113, 183, 42, 2 (and 564), 264, 41, 46 (47 and 48), 49, and 62.
266260-40-20

MONDAY, NOVEMBER 18, 1940
63
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: The Chief Justice, Mr. Justice McReynolds, Mr. Justice
Stone, Mr. Justice Roberts, Mr. Justice Black, Mr. Justice Reed,
Mr. Justice Frankfurter, Mr. Justice Douglas, and Mr. Justice
Murphy.
David D. Joselit, of Syracuse, N. Y.; Irwin L. Langbein, of New
York City; Roger O. Baldwin, of Syracuse, N. Y.; Henry W. Nichols
3d, of New York City; Daniel H. Prior, of Albany, N. Y.; Paul
E. Blanchard, of Chicago, Ill.; Glen H. Bell, of Madison, Wis.; and
Evelyn Hampel Young, of Washington, D. C., were admitted to
practice.
No. 23. Wilson and Co., Inc., petitioner, v. The United States;
No. 24. Wilson & Co., Inc., of Kansas, petitioner, v. The United
States; and
No. 25. T. M. Sinclair & Company, Limited, petitioner, v. The
United States. On writs of certiorari to the Court of Claims. Judg-
ment affirmed. Opinion by Mr. Justice Murphy.
No. 20. Milk Wagon Drivers Union, Local 753, International
Brotherhood of Teamsters, Chauffeurs, Stablemen and Helpers of
America, et al., petitioners, v. Lake Valley Farm Products, Inc.,
Amalgamated Dairy Workers, Local Industrial Union No. 819, et al.
On writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals
for the Seventh Circuit. Decree of the Circuit Court of Appeals
reversed with costs and decree of the District Court dismissing the
bill for injunction affirmed and cause remanded to the District Court
of the United States for the Northern District of Illinois. Opinion
by Mr. Justice Black.
The Chief Justice announced the following orders of the Court:
No. 356. T. E. Baker, Mrs. T. E. (Minnie) Baker et al., appellants,
v. N. A. Grossjean, E. J. Frost, et al.; and
No. 399. James E. Blaydes, William E. Murphy, et al., appellants,
v. C. H. Little & Company et al. Appeals from the Supreme Court
of the State of Tennessee. Per curiam: The motions for leave to file
supplemental statements as to jurisdiction are granted. The appeals
are dismissed for want of a substantial federal question. Lent v.
266260-40--21
i

MONDAY, NOVEMBER 18, 1940
64
Tillson, 140 U. S. 316, 328; Paulsen v. Portland, 149 U. S. 30, 40;
North Laramie Land Co. v. Hoffman, 268 U. S. 276, 283; Fidelity
National Bank v. Swope, 274 U. S. 123, 130.
No. 128. Emil Mosbacher, petitioner, v. The United States. On
petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Claims. Per curiam:
The petition for writ of certiorari is granted, the judgment is re-
versed, and the cause is remanded to the Court of Claims for further
proceedings. Neuberger v. Commissioner of Internal Revenue, No.
5, decided November 12, 1940.
The Chief Justice said:
"The other orders of the Court appear upon the list certified by
the Chief Justice and filed with the Clerk and will not be announced
orally."
No. Ex parte Albert Leighton, petitioner. Application denied.
"
No. original. Ex parte Henry Earl Dunlap, petitioner; and
No. original. Ex parte Alfred Bauer, petitioner. The motions
for leave to file petitions for writs of certiorari are denied.
No. 492. Homer C. Price, petitioner, v. Edward J. Moinet, Judge,
United States District Court, Eastern District of Michigan. On
petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court
of Appeals for the Sixth Circuit. The motion for leave to proceed
further herein in forma pauperis is denied for the reason that the
Court, upon examination of the papers herein submitted, finds that
the application for a writ of certiorari was not filed within the
time provided by law. Section 8 (a), Act of February 13, 1925 (43
Stat. 936, 940). The petition for writ of certiorari is therefore also
denied.
No. 546. In re Helen Douglas Campbell, petitioner. On petition
for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the
District of Columbia. The motion for leave to proceed further
herein in forma pauperis is denied for the reason that the Court,
upon examination of the papers herein submitted, finds no ground
upon which a writ of certiorari should be issued. The petition for
writ of certiorari is therefore also denied.
No. 500. The United States of America, petitioner, v. Jacob L.
Sherwood. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Cir-
cuit Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit granted.
No. 510. Estate of Cordelia Y. Abendroth, City Bank Farmers
Trust Company, as Executor, etc., petitioner, v. Commissioner of
Internal Revenue; and
i
'
1

MONDAY, NOVEMBER 18, 1940
65
No. 511. Estate of Kate Read Blacque, City Bank Farmers Trust
Company, as Executor, etc., petitioner, v. Commissioner of Internal
Revenue. Petition for writs of certiorari to the United States Cir-
cuit Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit granted and the cases
are assigned for argument immediately following No. 274.
No. 516. Guy T. Helvering, Commissioner of Internal Revenue,
petitioner, v. O. G. Richter. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Third Circuit granted,
limited to the first question presented by the petition for the writ.
No. 506. A. B. & M. Liquidation Corporation, petitioner, v. Pel-
ham Hall Company et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the First Circuit denied.
Mr. Justice Douglas took no part in the consideration and decision of
this application.
No. 231. Guy T. Helvering, Commissioner of Internal Revenue,
petitioner, v. Zelda Baker Jennings et al. Petition for writ of cer-
tiorari to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Fifth
Circuit denied.
No. 485. H. S. Gray et al., petitioners, v. Myrta Blight, Adminis-
tratrix, etc. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Circuit Court of Appeals for the Tenth Circuit denied.
No. 493. New York Handkerchief Manufacturing Company, peti-
tioner, v. National Labor Relations Board. Petition for writ of
certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the
Seventh Circuit denied.
No. 496. Elkland Leather Company, Inc., petitioner, v. National
Labor Relations Board. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United
States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Third Circuit denied.
No. 499. Frank Tennyson Neely, petitioner, v. Merchants Trust
Company of Red Bank, New Jersey, as Administrator, etc., et al.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of
Appeals for the Third Circuit denied.
No. 507. Atanasio Sitchon, petitioner, v. American Export Lines,
Inc. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit
Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit denied.
No. 530. Charles Richman, petitioner, v. Anne Nielsen, as Admin-
istratrix, etc. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Circuit Court of Appeals for the Eighth Circuit denied.
No. 681, October Term, 1939. Railroad Commission of Texas, peti-
tioner, v. Rowan & Nichols Oil Company;
No. 150. A. M. Gilstrap, Cora D. Gilstrap, etc., petitioners, v.
Standard Oil Company et al;

MONDAY, NOVEMBER 18, 1940
66
No. 151. A. M. Gilstrap, petitioner, v. Standard Oil Company
et al.;
No. 176. Agnes E. Lewis, Executrix, etc., et al., petitioners, v.
R. W. Fontenot, Collector for the District of Louisiana, et al.;
No. 177. Agnes E. Lewis, Testamentary Executrix, etc., et al.,
petitioners, v. United States of America et al.;
No. 178. Agnes E. Lewis, Testamentary Executrix, etc, et al.,
petitioners, v. United States Department of Agriculture et al.;
No. 290. Irving Trust Company, petitioner, v. The United States;
No. 403. Guy A. Thompson, Trustee, etc., petitioner, v. Neal
Wiley; and
No. 404. Southern Minerals Corporation, petitioner, v. Jay Sim-
mons et al. Petitions for rehearing denied.
The Court will take a recess from Monday, November 25, until
Monday, December 9, next.
No.
- original. Ex parte John D. Hardy, petitioner. Return to
rule to show cause presented.
No., original. The United States of America, complainant, v.
The State of Alabama. Motion for leave to file bill of complaint
presented.
No. 65. Frank L. Kloeb, Judge of the District Court of the United
States for the Northern District of Ohio, Western Division, petitioner,
v. Armour & Company. Submitted by Mr. Percy R. Taylor and Mr.
Nolan Boggs for the petitioner and by Mr. Edward W. Kelsey, Jr.,
Mr. Fred A. Smith, and Mr. Charles J. Faulkner, Jr., for the re-
spondent.
No. 36. Guy T. Helvering, Commissioner of Internal Revenue,
petitioner, v. Walter C. Janney et al. Argued by Mr. Thomas E.
Harris for the petitioner and by Mr. Bernard Knollenberg for the
respondents.
No. 113. Chester Gaines and Theresa Gaines, husband and wife,
petitioners, v. Guy T. Helvering, Commissioner of Internal Revenue.
Argued by Mr. Frederick Baum for the petitioners and by Mr.
Thomas E. Harris for the respondent.
No. 183. Henry W. Taft and Julia W. S. Taft, petitioners, v. Guy
T. Helvering, Commissioner of Internal Revenue. Argued by Mr.
Clarence Castimore for the petitioners and by Mr. Thomas E. Harris
for the respondent.

MONDAY, NOVEMBER 18, 1940
67
No. 42. The United States of America, petitioner, v. Salvatore
Falcone, Joseph Falcone, et al. Argued by Mr. Assistant Attorney
General Rogge for the petitioner; by Mr. Daniel H. Prior for the re-
spondents Salvatore Falcone and Joseph Falcone; and by Mr. Roger
O. Baldwin for the respondent Henry Alberico.
No. 2. New World Life Insurance Company, petitioner, v. The
United States. Argument commenced by Mr. William Marshall Bul-
litt for the petitioner.
Adjourned until tomorrow at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Tuesday, November 19, will be as follows: Nos.
2, 564, 264, 41, 46 (47 and 48), 51, 52, 53, 56, and 1.

TUESDAY, NOVEMBER 19, 1940
68
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: The Chief Justice, Mr. Justice McReynolds, Mr. Justice
Stone, Mr. Justice Roberts, Mr. Justice Black, Mr. Justice Reed,
Mr. Justice Frankfurter, Mr. Justice Douglas, and Mr. Justice
Murphy.
Lester M. Ponder, of Little Rock, Ark.; Robert L. Irwin, of
Washington, D. C.; Thomas Andrew Pace, of Washington, D. C.;
Roswell D. Pine, Jr., of New York City; E. Riggs McConnell, of
Charlotte, N. C.; and James Ward Rector, of Madison, Wis., were
admitted to practice.
No. 2. New World Life Insurance Company, petitioner, v. The
United States. Argument continued by Mr. Arnold Raum for the
respondent and concluded by Mr. Walter E. Barton for the peti-
tioner.
No. 564. Guy T. Helvering, Commissioner of Internal Revenue,
petitioner, v. Oregon Mutual Life Insurance Company; and
No. 264. Guy T. Helvering, Commissioner of Internal Revenue,
petitioner, v. Pan-American Life Insurance Company. Argued by
Mr. Arnold Raum for the petitioner; by Mr. Eugene J. McGivney
for the respondent in No. 264; and by Mr. William Marshall Bullitt
for the respondent in No. 564.
No. 41. C. E. Stevens Company et al., petitioners, v. Foster &
Kleiser Co. et al. Argument commenced by Mr. H. B. Jones for
the petitioners and continued by Mr. Herbert W. Clark for the
respondents.
Adjourned until tomorrow at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Wednesday, November 20, will be as follows: Nos.
41, 46 (47 and 48), 51, 52, 53, 56, 1, 61, and 59.
266260-40-22
Х
t
1

WEDNESDAY, NOVEMBER 20, 1940
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
69
Present: The Chief Justice, Mr. Justice McReynolds, Mr. Justice
Stone, Mr. Justice Roberts, Mr. Justice Black, Mr. Justice Reed, Mr.
Justice Frankfurter, Mr. Justice Douglas, and Mr. Justice Murphy.
Filo M. Sedillo, of Santa Fe, N. Mex.; Roscoe T. Steffen, of New
York City; James Neil Senecal, of New York City; Maurice Behr
Olenick, of Washington, D. C.; M. James Spitzer, of New York City;
Charles Sylvanus Rhyne, of Washington, D. C.; and Fred W. Albert-
son, of Washington, D. C., were admitted to practice.
No. 59. Lamont William Bowman, petitioner, v. Martin Lopereno
et al. Submitted by Mr. Llewellyn A. Luce for the petitioner. No
appearance for the respondents.
No. 41. C. E. Stevens Company et al., petitioners, v. Foster &
Kleiser Co. et al. Argument continued by Mr. Herbert W. Clark for
the respondents and concluded by Mr. H. B. Jones for the petitioners.
No. 46. State of Wisconsin and Elmer E. Barlow, as Commissioner
etc., petitioners, v. J. C. Penney Company;
No. 47. State of Wisconsin and Elmer E. Barlow, as Commissioner
etc., petitioners, v. F. W. Woolworth Company; and
No. 48. State of Wisconsin and Elmer E. Barlow, as Commissioner
etc., petitioners, v. Minnesota Mining and Manufacturing Company.
Three hours allowed for oral argument. Argument commenced by
Mr. Harold H. Persons for the petitioners; continued by Mr. James
Ward Rector for the petitioners; by Mr. W. H. Dannet Pell for the
respondent in No. 46; by Mr. Martin A. Schenck for the respondent
in No. 47; by Mr. John L. Connolly for the respondent in No. 48;
and concluded by Mr. James Ward Rector for the petitioners.
No. 51. James M. Wright, petitioner, v. The Union Central Life
Insurance Company et al. Argument commenced by Mr. Samuel E.
Cook for the petitioner.
Adjourned until Friday next at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Friday, November 22, will be as follows: Nos. 51,
52, 53, and 61.
266260-40- 23

FRIDAY, NOVEMBER 22, 1940
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
70
Present: The Chief Justice, Mr. Justice McReynolds, Mr. Justice
☐ Stone, Mr. Justice Roberts, Mr. Justice Black, Mr. Justice Reed,
| Mr. Justice Frankfurter, Mr. Justice Douglas, and Mr. Justice
Murphy.
Fred Raymond Erisman, Jr., of Longview, Tex.; Wm. C. Las-
siter, of Raleigh, N. C.; T. W. Bruton, of Raleigh, N. C.; Arthur
H. Schroeder, of Seward, Nebr.; Leonard G. Bisco, of New York
City; Jesse H. Knight, of Washington, D. C.; and Dominador M.
Tan, of Manila, P. I., were admitted to practice.
No. 51. James M. Wright, petitioner, v. The Union Central Life
Insurance Company et al. Argument continued by Mr. Samuel E.
Cook for the petitioner; by Mr. Arthur S. Lytton for the respond-
ents; and concluded by Mr. Samuel E. Cook for the petitioner.
No. 52. The United States of America, appellant, v. May Harris,
alias Kitty Harris; and
No. 53. The United States of America, appellant, v. Marie Kenny,
alias Marie Rickett, alias Mae Kelly. Argued by Mr. Gordon B.
Tweedy for the appellant. No appearance for the appellees.
No. 61. Best & Company, Inc., appellant, v. A. J. Maxwell, Com-
missioner of Revenue of the State of North Carolina. Argued by
Mr. Lorenz Reich, Jr. for the appellant and by Mr. I. M. Bailey
for the appellee.
Adjourned until Monday, November 25 next, at 12 o'clock.
✓
266260-40-
-24

MONDAY, NOVEMBER 25, 1940
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
71
Present The Chief Justice, Mr. Justice Stone, Mr. Justice
Roberts, Mr. Justice Black, Mr. Justice Reed, Mr. Justice Frank-
furter, Mr. Justice Douglas, and Mr. Justice Murphy.
William D. H. Stanley, of New York City; Frank A. Zunino, Jr.,
of New York City; William Howard O'Bryan, of Oklahoma City,
Okla. Russel Johnston, of Washington, D. C.; Elmer Burkett
Hodges, of Kansas City, Mo.; and G. Raymond Dougherty, of San
Francisco, Calif., were admitted to practice.
No. 31. American United Mutual Life Insurance Company, peti-
tioner, v. City of Avon Park, Florida. On writ of certiorari to the
United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit. Judg-
ment reversed with costs and cause remanded to the District Court
of the United States for the Southern District of Florida for pro-
ceedings in conformity with the opinion of this Court. Opinion by
Mr. Justice Douglas.
No. 39. Federal Communications Commission, petitioner, v. Colum-
bia Broadcasting System of California, Inc.; and
No. 40. Federal Communications Commission, petitioner, v. The
Associated Broadcasters, Inc. On writs of certiorari to the United
States Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia. Judgments
reversed and cases remanded to the said Court of Appeals for further
proceedings in conformity with the opinion of this Court. Opinion
by Mr. Justice Frankfurter.
No. 33. Edgar Smith, petitioner, v. The State of Texas. On writ
of certiorari to the Court of Criminal Appeals of the State of Texas.
Judgment reversed with costs and case remanded to the said Court of
Criminal Appeals for further proceedings not inconsistent with the
opinion of this Court. Opinion by Mr. Justice Black.
No. 27. Guy T. Helvering, Commissioner of Internal Revenue,
petitioner, v. Paul R. G. Horst. On writ of certiorari to the United
States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit. Judgment
reversed and cause remanded to the said Circuit Court of Appeals
for further proceedings in conformity with the opinion of this Court.
Opinion by Mr. Justice Stone. Separate opinion by Mr. Justice
266260-40-
-25

MONDAY, NOVEMBER 25, 1940
72
McReynolds in which the Chief Justice and Mr. Justice Roberts
concur.
No. 205. Guy T. Helvering, Commissioner of Internal Revenue,
petitioner, v. Gerald A. Eubank. On writ of certiorari to the United
States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit. Judgment
reversed and cause remanded to the said Circuit Court of Appeals
for further proceedings in conformity with the opinion of this Court.
Opinion by Mr. Justice Stone. Separate opinion by Mr. Justice
McReynolds in which the Chief Justice and Mr. Justice Roberts
concur.
The Chief Justice said:
"The orders of the Court appear upon the list certified by the Chief
Justice and filed with the Clerk and will not be announced orally."
No., original. Ex parte David H. Johnson, petitioner. The mo-
tion for leave to file petition for writ of mandamus is denied.
No., original. Ex parte David L. Simon, petitioner. The motion
for leave to file petition for writ of habeas corpus is denied.
No. -, original. The United States, complainant, v. The State of
Alabama. A rule is ordered to issue, returnable January 6th next,
requiring the defendant to show cause why leave to file the bill of
complaint should not be granted.
No. 2, original. The State of Wisconsin et al., complainants, v. The
State of Illinois et al.;
No. 3, original. The State of Michigan, complainant, v. The State
of Illinois et al.; and
No. 4, original. The State of New York, complainant, v. The State
of Illinois et al. An order is entered authorizing the Sanitary District
of Chicago to increase its diversion of water from the Great Lakes-
St. Lawrence System or watershed through the Chicago Drainage
Canal from 1,500 cubic feet per second in addition to domestic pump-
age to 10,000 cubic feet per second in addition to domestic pumpage
for one continuous period of ten days from an appropriate hour on
December 2, 1940, to the same hour on December 12. 1940, after which
period all the provisions of the decree entered April 21, 1930, shall be
and remain in full force and effect until further order of this Court.
No. 517. Walter M. Hort, petitioner, v. Commissioner of Internal
Revenue. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit
Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit granted limited to the first
question presented by the petition for the writ.
No. 537. Fashion Originators' Guild of America, Inc., et al., peti-
tioners, v. Federal Trade Commission. Petition for writ of certiorari

MONDAY, NOVEMBER 25, 1940
73
to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit
granted and case assigned for argument immediately following
No. 251.
No. 526. Everett Ware Cady et al., petitioners, v. Clifford J.
Murphy. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit
Court of Appeals for the First Circuit denied. Mr. Justice Douglas
took no part in the consideration and decision of this application.
No. 503. Gus Farber, petitioner, v. The United States of America.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of
Appeals for the Ninth Circuit denied.
No. 509. Frank Morgan, Administrator, etc., petitioner, v. Frank
T. Hines, as Administrator of Veterans' Affairs. Petition for writ of
certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the District of
Columbia denied.
No. 512. Kong Din Quong, petitioner, v. Edward L. Haff, District
Director of Immigration and Naturalization for the Port of San Fran-
cisco. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit
Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit denied.
No. 514. Robert L. Meyer, Administrator, etc., et al., petitioner, v.
The United States of America; and
No. 515. Robert L. Meyer, Administrator, etc., et al., petitioner, v.
The United States of America. Petition for writs of certiorari to
the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Seventh Circuit
denied.
No. 519. Bureau of Unemployment Compensation of the State of
Georgia, petitioner, v. Independent Gasoline Company, Inc. Peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of the State of
Georgia denied.
No. 520. William F. Laughlin, as Administrator, etc., petitioner, v.
Louis H. Pink, Superintendent, etc. Petition for writ of certiorari
to the Supreme Court of the State of New York denied.
No. 524. Den Norske Amerikalinje, A/S, as Claimant, etc., peti-
tioner, v. Blumenthal Import Corporation. Petition for writ of
certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the
Second Circuit denied.
No. 525. Reading Company, petitioner, v. Thomas E. Larkin.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of
Appeals for the Third Circuit denied.
No. 518. Obear-Nester Glass Company, petitioner, v. Walgreen
Drug Stores, Inc., et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United
States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Eighth Circuit denied.

MONDAY, NOVEMBER 25, 1940
74
No. 123. Harriet K. Moon, petitioner, v. The Home Life Insurance
Company of New York; and
No. 124. Harriet K. Moon, petitioner, v. Mutual Benefit Health &
Accident Association. Motion for leave to file a second petition for
rehearing denied.
No. 276. Columbus and Chicago Motor Freight, Inc., appellant, v.
Public Service Company of the State of Indiana, et al.; and
No. 428. Harold H. Moore, Bankrupt, petitioner, v. Leonard
Horton, Trustee in Bankruptcy. Petitions for rehearing denied.
No. 566. Paul Whiteman, petitioner, v. RCA Manufacturing Com-
pany, Inc., et al. Motions of the American Federation of Musicians
and National Association of Performing Artists for leave to file
briefs as amicus curiae submitted by Mr. Samuel T. Ansell and the
motions denied.
Adjourned until Monday, December 9, next, at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Monday, December 9, will be as follows: Nos.
381 (and 382), 43, 22, 54, 57, 218, 49, 62, 55, and 58.
✓

MONDAY, DECEMBER 9, 1940
75
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: The Chief Justice, Mr. Justice McReynolds, Mr. Justice
Stone, Mr. Justice Roberts, Mr. Justice Black, Mr. Justice Reed, Mr.
Justice Frankfurter, Mr. Justice Douglas, and Mr. Justice Murphy.
Seymour S. Guthman, of Chicago, Ill.; Jacob S. Guthman, of Chi-
cago, Ill.; Harry J. Woodward, of Philadelphia, Pa.; David Diamond,
of Buffalo, N. Y.; Clarence F. Ice, of Newton, Kans.; Joe T. Dicker-
son, of Houston, Tex.; Orville J. Brown, of New Castle, Pa.; Geo.
J. Bailey, of Walden, Colo.; Thomas Joy Whinery, of Grand Rapids,
Mich.; George Joseph Mallen, of Philadelphia, Pa.; Glenn Monroe
Hershner, of Van Nuys, Calif.; Franklin Polk Raulston, of Knox-
ville, Tenn.; Alton H. Skinner, of Kansas City, Kans.; E. Russell
Shockley, of Harrisburg, Pa.; George M. Weichelt, of Chicago, Ill.;
Edwin C. Emhardt, of Philadelphia, Pa.; Harrington Adams, of
Bethlehem, Pa.; Frank A. Sinon, of Austin, Pa.; George J. Barco,
of Meadville, Pa.; Davidson Sommers, of New York City; Edgar
B. Bronson, of New York City; Arnon W. Welch, of New York
City; Edward S. McCluskey, of Easton, Pa.; Samuel S. Googel, of
New Britain, Conn.; Arthur V. Essington, of Rockford, Ill.; Louis
H. Burke, of Los Angeles, Calif.; Thomas E. Duffy, of Passaic, N. J.;
John E. McCall, of Torrance, Calif.; Hal O. Williams, Louisville,
Ky.; A. L. Jeffrey, of Oklahoma City, Okla.; Walker H. Mills,
of Decatur, Ill.; Walter C. Ellis, of East Orange, N. J.; Lawrence
W. Hecht, of Havre de Grace, Md.; James N. Roberson, of El Reno,
Okla.; Albert J. Goodman, of Annapolis, Md.; Lewis V. Reid, of
Oklahoma City, Okla.; James M. Carroll, of Springfield, Mass.; John
C. Doerfer, of West Allis, Wis.; Charles Bidelspacher II, of Williams-
port, Pa.; John F. Langs, of Detroit, Mich.; John J. McCloy, of New
York City; and Benjamin R. Shute, of New York City, were
admitted to practice.
No. 17. Robert J. Deckert, Roland W. Randal, David W. Compton,
et al., petitioners, v. Independence Shares Corporation, Alfred H.
Geary, Frank McCown, Jr., et al.; and
No. 18. Robert J. Deckert, Roland W. Randal, David W. Compton,
et al., petitioners, v. The Pennsylvania Company for Insurance on
Lives and Granting Annuities. On writs of certiorari to the United
States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Third Circuit. Judgments
266260-40- -26

MONDAY, DECEMBER 9, 1940
76
reversed with costs and cases remanded to the District Court of the
United States for the Eastern District of Pennsylvania for further
proceedings in conformity with the opinion of this Court. Opinion
by Mr. Justice Murphy. Mr. Justice Douglas did not participate in
the consideration or decision of this case.
No. 52. The United States of America, appellant, v. May Harris,
alias Kitty Harris; and
No. 53. The United States of America, appellant, v. Marie Kenny,
| alias Marie Rickert, alias Mae Kelly. Appeals from the District Court
of the United States for the District of New Jersey. Judgments re-
versed and cases remanded to the said District Court for further pro-
ceedings in conformity with the opinion of this Court. Opinion by
Mr. Justice Murphy.
No. 51. James M. Wright, petitioner, v. The Union Central Life
Insurance Company et al. On writ of certiorari to the United States
Circuit Court of Appeals for the Seventh Circuit. Judgment modified
as indicated in the opinion and cause remanded to the District Court
of the United States for the Northern District of Indiana for further
proceedings in conformity with the opinion of this Court. Opinion
by Mr. Justice Douglas.
No. 564. Guy T. Helvering, Commissioner of Internal Revenue,
petitioner, v. Oregon Mutual Life Insurance Company. On writ of
certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Ninth
Circuit. Judgment affirmed and cause remanded to the said Circuit
Court of Appeals. Opinion by Mr. Justice Black.
No. 264. Guy T. Helvering, Commissioner of Internal Revenue,
petitioner, v. Pan-American Life Insurance Company. On writ of
certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Fifth
Circuit. Judgment affirmed and cause remanded to the said Circuit
Court of Appeals. Opinion by Mr. Justice Black.
No. 30. Montgomery Ward and Company, petitioner, v. Luther M.
Duncan. On writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court
of Appeals for the Eighth Circuit. Judgment of the Circuit Court
of Appeals modified and cause remanded to the District Court of the
United States for the Eastern District of Arkansas to hear and rule
upon the motion for new trial. Opinion by Mr. Justice Roberts.
No. 41. C. E. Stevens Company, C. E. Stevens Tacoma Company,
and C. E. Stevens Company of Oregon, petitioners, v. Foster &
Kleiser Co., George W. Kleiser, P. Foster, et al. On writ of cer-
tiorari to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Ninth
Circuit. Judgment reversed with costs and cause remanded to the
District Court of the United States for the Western District of
Washington for further proceedings in conformity with the opinion
of this Court. Opinion by Mr. Justice Roberts.

MONDAY, DECEMBER 9, 1940
77
No. 59. Lamont William Bowman, petitioner, v. Martin Loperena,
Gregoria Loperena, and Martin J. Loperena, et al. On writ of cer-
tiorari to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Ninth
Circuit. Judgment reversed with costs and cause remanded to the
said Circuit Court of Appeals for further proceedings in conform-
ity with the opinion of this Court. Opinion by Mr. Justice Roberts.
No. 42. The United States of America, petitioner, v. Salvatore Fal-
cone, Joseph Falcone, Henry Alberico, Nicholas Nole, and John Nole.
On writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals
for the Second Circuit. Judgment affirmed and cause remanded to
the District Court of the United States for the Northern District of
New York. Opinion by Mr. Justice Stone.
No. 9. The Schriber-Schroth Company, petitioner, v. The Cleve-
land Trust Company, Chrysler Corporation;
No. 10. The Aberdeen Motor Supply Company, petitioner, v. The
Cleveland Trust Company, Chrysler Corporation; and
No. 11. The F. E. Rowe Sales Company, petitioner, v. The Cleve-
land Trust Company, Chrysler Corporation. On writs of certiorari
to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Sixth Circuit.
Decrees reversed with costs and cases remanded to the District Court
of the United States for the Northern District of Ohio for further
proceedings in conformity with the opinion of this Court. Opinion
by Mr. Justice Stone. Mr. Justice McReynolds and Mr. Justice
Roberts took no part in the consideration and decision of these cases.
No. 44. Charles Peyton West and Maurice John West, petitioners,
v. American Telephone and Telegraph Co.; and
No. 45. Charles Peyton West and Maurice John West, petition-
ers, v. American Telephone and Telegraph Co. On writs of certiorari
to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Sixth Circuit.
Judgment of the Circuit Court of Appeals reversed with costs and
cases remanded to the said Circuit Court of Appeals for further pro-
ceedings not inconsistent with the opinion of this Court. Opinion
by Mr. Justice Stone. Separate opinion by Mr. Justice Roberts.
No. 65. Frank L. Kloeb, Judge of the District Court of the United
States for the Northern District of Ohio, Western Division, petitioner,
v. Armour & Company. On writ of certiorari to the United States
Circuit Court of Appeals for the Sixth Circuit. Judgment reversed
with costs and cause remanded to the said Circuit Court of Appeals
for further proceedings in conformity with the opinion of this Court.
Opinion by Mr. Justice McReynolds.
No. 21. Bacardi Corporation of America, petitioner, v. Manuel V.
Domenech, Treasurer, and Destileria Serralles, Inc. On writ of cer-
tiorari to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the First
Circuit. Decree of the Circuit Court of Appeals in relation to Sec-

MONDAY, DECEMBER 9, 1940
78
tion 44 reversed and the decree of the District Court of the United
States for the District of Puerto Rico modified so as to eliminate the
injunction against the enforcement of Section 40 and Section 44 (b) of
Act No. 149 of May 15, 1937, and as thus modified affirmed. Opinion
by Mr. Chief Justice Hughes.
No. 32. Fidelity Union Trust Company and Minton H. Twinch,
as Executors of the Last Will and Testament of Edith M. Peck, de-
ceased, petitioners, v. Ethel Adelaide Field. On writ of certiorari to
the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Third Circuit.
Judgment of the Circuit Court of Appeals reversed with costs and
the judgment of the District Court of the United States for the Dis-
trict of New Jersey affirmed. Opinion by Mr. Chief Justice Hughes.
No. 267. Six companies of California, Hartford Accident and
Indemnity Company, et al., petitioners, v. Joint Highway District
No. 13 of the State of California. On writ of certiorari to the United
States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit. Judgment
reversed with costs and cause remanded to the said Circuit Court of
Appeals for further proceedings in conformity with the opinion of
this Court. Opinion by Mr. Chief Justice Hughes.
No. 36. Guy T. Helvering, Commissioner of Internal Revenue, peti-
tioner, v. Walter C. Janney and Paulene F. M. Janney. On writ of
certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Third
Circuit; and
No. 113. Chester Gaines and Theresa Gaines, Husband and Wife,
petitioners, v. Guy T. Helvering, Commissioner of Internal Revenue.
On writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals
for the Second Circuit. Judgment in No. 36 affirmed and cause re-
manded to the Circuit Court of Appeals for the Third Circuit.
Judgment in No. 113 reversed and cause remanded to the Circuit
Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit for further proceedings in
conformity with the opinion of this Court. Opinion by Mr. Chief
Justice Hughes. Mr. Justice Roberts took no part in the considera-
tion and decision of these cases.
No. 183. Henry W. Taft and Julia W. S. Taft, petitioners, v. Guy
T. Helvering, Commissioner of Internal Revenue. On writ of
certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the
Second Circuit. Judgment reversed and cause remanded to the said
Circuit Court of Appeals for further proceedings in conformity with
the opinion of this Court. Opinion by Mr. Chief Justice Hughes.
Mr. Justice Roberts took no part in the consideration and decision
of this case.
The Chief Justice announced the following orders of the Court:
No. 2. New World Life Insurance Company, petitioner, v. The

MONDAY, DECEMBER 9, 1940
79
United States. On writ of certiorari to the Court of Claims. Per
curiam: The judgment is affirmed upon the first ground set forth in
the opinion of the Court of Claims with respect to investment ex-
penses, the views expressed on the second question considered by the
Court of Claims as to the right of deduction on account of insurance
reserves not being an essential basis for the judgment and being con-
trary to Helvering v. Oregon Mutual Life Insurance Company, No.
564, decided this day.
No. 547. National Labor Relations Board, petitioner, v. Foote
Brothers Gear & Machine Corporation and
No. 548. National Labor Relations Board, petitioner, v. Independ-
ent Union of Gear Workers. On petition for writs of certiorari to
the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Seventh Circuit.
Per curiam: The petition for writs of certiorari is granted. The
motion to reverse is also granted, the judgments are reversed, and
the causes are remanded to the Circuit Court of Appeals with direc-
tions to determine the questions presented upon the record as certi-
fied by the National Labor Relations Board pursuant to section
10 (e) of the National Labor Relations Act.
The Chief Justice said:
"The other orders of the Court appear upon the list certified by
the Chief Justice and filed with the Clerk and will not be announced
orally."
No.
-
original. Ex parte Edward Quinn, petitioner;
No. -, original. Ex parte Hugh A. Bowen, petitioner ;
No., original. Ex parte Fred Rothermel, petitioner; and
No., original. Ex parte Lloyd Rubin, petitioner. The motions
for leave to file petitions for writs of habeas corpus are denied.
No. -, original. Ex parte John D. Hardy, petitioner. The rule
to show cause is discharged and the motion for leave to file petition
for writ of habeas corpus is denied.
No. 176. Agnes E. Lewis, Executrix, etc., et al., petitioners, v.
R. W. Fontenot, Collector for the District of Louisiana, et al.;
No. 177. Agnes E. Lewis, Testamentary Executrix, etc., et al., peti-
tioners, v. United States of America et al.; and
No. 178. Agnes E. Lewis, Testamentary Executrix, etc., et al., peti-
tioners, v. United States Department of Agriculture et al. Applica-
tion denied.
No. 112. W. E. Floyd, Mrs. J. A. Winans, Independent Executrix,
etc., et al., petitioners, v. J. T. Eggleston, I. N. Burnett, et al. On
petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Civil Appeals, 8th
Supreme Judicial District, State of Texas; and

MONDAY, DECEMBER 9, 1940
80
60
No. 536. Ted Ingels, petitioner, v. State of Washington. On peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of the State of
Washington. The motions for leave to proceed further herein in
forma pauperis are denied for the reason that the Court, upon
examination of the papers herein submitted, finds no ground upon
which writs of certiorari should be issued. The petitions for writs
of certiorari are therefore also denied.
No. 312. Harry R. Swanson, as Secretary of State of Nebraska,
et al., appellants, v. Gene Buck, Individually, etc., et al. In this
case probable jurisdiction is noted. Mr. Justice Murphy took no
part in the consideration and decision of this question.
No. 521. Pittsburgh Plate Glass Company, petitioner, v. National
Labor Relations Board; and
No. 523. Crystal City Glass Workers' Union, petitioner, v. Na-
tional Labor Relations Board. Petitions for writs of certiorari to the
United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Eighth Circuit
granted.
No. 535. The United States of America, petitioner, v. The Chicago,
Milwaukee, St. Paul and Pacific Railroad Company et al. Petition
for writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals
for the Eighth Circuit granted.
No. 557. Ida C. Hazzard et al., petitioners, v. The Chase National
Bank of the City of New York. Petition for writ of certiorari to
the Supreme Court of the State of New York denied. Mr. Justice
Douglas took no part in the consideration and decision of this
application.
No. 522. Paul B. Roberts, Administrator, etc., petitioner, v. Mar-
jorie Eileen Bathurst, Executrix, etc. Petition for writ of certiorari
to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit
denied.
No. 531. John Demartini Co., Inc., et al., petitioners, v. The Ameri-
can Steamer "Maui," her engines, boilers, etc., et al. Petition for
writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for
the Ninth Circuit denied.
No. 534. W. J. Ray, petitioner, v. The United States of America.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of
Appeals for the Eighth Circuit denied.
No. 554. Eureka Lodge No. 5, Independent Elks et al., petitioners,
v. The Grand Lodge Improved, Benevolent Protective Order of
Elks of the World. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United
States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Fourth Circuit denied.

MONDAY, DECEMBER 9, 1940
81
No. 445. City of Vero Beach, a Municipal Corporation organized
and existing under the laws of the State of Florida, petitioner, v.
The Rittenoure Investment Company. Petition for writ of certiorari
to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Tenth Circuit
denied.
No. 527. Carl M. Loeb, Jr., petitioner, v. Commissioner of Internal
Revenue; and
No. 528. Henry A. Loeb, petitioner, v. Commissioner of Internal
Revenue. Petition for writs of certiorari to the United States
Circuit Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit denied.
No. 544. Lillian Hellen Reeves et al., petitioners, v. American Se-
curity & Trust Company, Trustee for George Hellen, et al. Petition
for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the
District of Columbia denied.
No. 551. Anna L. Raymond, petitioner, v. Commissioner of In-
ternal Revenue. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Circuit Court of Appeals for the Seventh Circuit denied.
No. 552. Benjamin Cain, doing business as Cain's Truck Lines,
petitioner, v. Clara Bowlby. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Tenth Circuit denied.
No. 567. Pan Atlantic Steamship Corporation, petitioner, v. James
Fyfe and John T. Bailey, doing business as United Fibre Company.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court
of Appeals for the Second Circuit denied.
No.. James H. Johnson, petitioner, v. Metropolitan Casualty In-
surance Company; and
No. 230. Edmond L. Viles, petitioner, v. Hon. Stanley H. Johnson,
Judge, etc. The motions for leave to file petitions for rehearing are
denied.
No. 314. Harmon Metz Waley, petitioner, v. James A. Johnston,
Warden, etc. The motion for leave to file petition for rehearing is
granted. The petition for rehearing is denied.
No. 476. Bryant McQuillen and Samuel Gottlieb, petitioners, v.
The National Cash Register Company et al. The petition for rehear-
ing is denied. The Chief Justice took no part in the consideration
and decision of this application.
No. 16. International Association of Machinists, Tool and Die
Makers Lodge No. 35, etc., petitioner, v. National Labor Relations
Board;
No. 26. West India Oil Company (Puerto Rico), petitioner, v.
Manuel V. Domenech, Treasurer of Puerto Rico;

MONDAY, DECEMBER 9, 1940
82
No. 435. Continental Casualty Company, petitioner, v. The United
States of America; and
No. 492. Homer C. Price, petitioner, v. Edward J. Moinet, Judge,
etc. Petitions for rehearing denied.
No. 420. Ben Adler Signs, Incorporated, et al., petitioners, v. Wag-
ner Sign Service, Incorporated. Motion for leave to file petition
for rehearing submitted by Mr. Howard C. Westwood in behalf of
counsel for the petitioners.
No., original. Ex parte Claude Offill, petitioner. Return to rule
to show cause presented.
No., original. Ex parte Louis Burall, petitioner. Return to rule
to show cause presented.
No. 508. Lane Cotton Mills Company, petitioner, v. National La-
bor Relations Board. On petition for writ of certiorari to the
United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit. Dis-
missed on motion of counsel for the petitioner.
No. 381. Z. & F. Assets Realization Corporation, petitioner, v. Cor-
dell Hull, Secretary of State and Henry Morgenthau, Secretary of
the Treasury, et al.; and
No. 382. American-Hawaiian Steamship Company, petitioner, v.
Cordell Hull, Secretary of State, and Henry Morgenthau, Secretary
of the Treasury, et al. Four hours allowed for oral argument. Ar-
gument commenced by Mr. Joseph M. Proskauer for the petitioner in
No. 381; and continued by Mr. Fred K. Nielsen for the petitioner in
No. 382; by Mr. Solicitor General Biddle for the respondents, Cordell
Hull, Secretary of State, and Henry Morgenthau, Secretary of the
Treasury; and by Mr. William D. Mitchell for the respondent, Lehigh
Valley Railroad Company.
Adjourned until tomorrow at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Tuesday, December 10, will be as follows: Nos.
381 (and 382), 43, 22, 54, 49, 62, 55, 58, 57, and 218.
☑

1
TUESDAY, DECEMBER 10, 1940
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
83
Present: The Chief Justice, Mr. Justice McReynolds, Mr. Justice
Stone, Mr. Justice Roberts, Mr. Justice Black, Mr. Justice Reed, Mr.
Justice Frankfurter, Mr. Justice Douglas, and Mr. Justice Murphy.
Thomas J. Warren, of Fort Collins, Colo.; Edward F. Smith, Jr., of
Atlanta, Ga.; William Garth Symmers, of New York City; Arthur D.
Platt, of Portland, Oreg.; Linus R. Fike, of Phoenix, Ariz.; John D.
Pope III, of St. Louis, Mo.; Allan Falkenstine, of Watonga, Okla.;
George P. Halperin, of New York City; John J. Sloan, of Detroit,
Mich.; and Marcellus McInnis, of Washington, D. C., were admitted
to practice.
No. 381. Z. & F. Assets Realization Corporation, petitioner, v.
Cordell Hull, Secretary of State, and Henry Morgenthau, Secretary of
the Treasury, et al.; and
No. 382. American-Hawaiian Steamship Company, petitioner, v.
Cordell Hull, Secretary of State, and Henry Morgenthau, Secretary
of the Treasury, et al. Argument continued by Mr. William D.
Mitchell for the respondent Lehigh Valley Railroad Company, and
concluded by Mr. Joseph M. Proskauer for the petitioner in No. 381.
No. 43. The United States of America, appellant, v. William L.
Hutcheson et al. Argued by Mr. Assistant Attorney General Arnold
for the appellant and by Mr. Charles H. Tuttle for the appellees.
No. 22. Lewis G. Hines, Secretary of Labor and Industry of the
Commonwealth of Pennsylvania, et al., appellants, v. Bernard Davido-
witz and Vincenzo Travaglini. Argument commenced by Miss M.
Louis Rutherford for the appellants and continued by Mr. Williams S.
Rial for the appellants and by Mr. Isidor Ostroff for the appellees.
Adjourned until tomorrow at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Wednesday, December 11, will be as follows: Nos.
22, 54, 49, 62, 55, 58, 57, 218, 141, and 66.
266260-40-27
Х

WEDNESDAY, DECEMBER 11, 1940
84
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: The Chief Justice, Mr. Justice McReynolds, Mr. Justice
Stone, Mr. Justice Roberts, Mr. Justice Black, Mr. Justice Reed,
Mr. Justice Frankfurter, Mr. Justice Douglas, and Mr. Justice
Murphy.
Thos. A. Wilson, of Wilmington, Del.; Anthony L. Gaudio, of
Atlanta, Ga.; Sherwood E. Silliman, of New York City; Carl D.
Sneed, of Herrin, Ill.; Morris Shapiro, of New York City; and
Lawrence Earl Broh-Kahn, of Toledo, Ohio, were admitted to prac-
tice.
No. 22. Lewis G. Hines, Secretary of Labor and Industry of the
Commonwealth of Pennsylvania, et al., appellants, v. Bernard David-
owitz and Vincenzo Travaglini. Argument continued by Mr. Isidor
Ostroff for the appellees; by Mr. Solicitor General Biddle for the
United States as amicus curiae, by special leave of Court, and con-
cluded by Mr. William S. Rial for the appellants. Leave granted
appellants to file an additional brief within five days.
No. 54. Martin J. Bernards and Lena Bernards, petitioners, v. M. R.
Johnson, Catherine Collins, et al. Argued by Mr. William Lemke
for the petitioners; by Mr. Harrison G. Platt for the respondents,
M. R. Johnson and Joseph M. Loomis, Trustee; and case submitted
by Wm. L. Brewster for the respondent, Catherine Collins.
No. 49. Guy T. Helvering, Commissioner of Internal Revenue, pe-
titioner, v. Godfrey Hammel and Pearl Hammel. Argued by Mr.
Norman D. Keller for the petitioner and by Mr. John J. Sloan for the
respondents.
Adjourned until tomorrow at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Thursday, December 12, will be as follows: Nos.
62, 55, 58, 57, 218, 141, 66, 56, 1, and 69.
266260-40-28

THURSDAY, DECEMBER 12, 1940
85
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: The Chief Justice, Mr. Justice McReynolds, Mr. Justice
Stone, Mr. Justice Roberts, Mr. Justice Black, Mr. Justice Reed, Mr.
Justice Frankfurter, Mr. Justice Douglas, and Mr. Justice Murphy.
Allan Seserman, of Boston, Mass.; and Ambrose Doskow, of New
York City, were admitted to practice.
No. 62. Electro-Chemical Engraving Co., Inc., petitioner, v. Com-
missioner of Internal Revenue. Argued by Mr. George P. Halperin
for the petitioner and by Mr. Norman D. Keller for the respondent.
No. 55. Donald S. McClain, petitioner, v. Commissioner of Internal
Revenue. Argued by Mr. Edward D. Smith, Jr., for the petitioner
and by Miss Helen R. Carloss for the respondent.
No. 58. Guy T. Helvering, Commissioner of Internal Revenue, pe-
titioner, v. S. C. Thomson. Death of S. C. Thomson suggested and
Florence Stanton Thomson, Executrix under the will of S. C. Thom-
son, deceased, substituted as the party respondent on motion of Mr.
T. F. Davies Haines for the respondent.
No. 58. Guy T. Helvering, Commissioner of Internal Revenue, pe-
titioner, v. Florence Stanton Thomson, Executrix, etc. Argued by
Miss Helen R. Carloss for the petitioner and by Mr. T. F. Davies
Haines for the respondent.
No. 57. Railroad Commission of Texas and Lon A. Smith et al.,
appellants, v. Humble Oil and Refining Company. Argued by Mr.
James P. Hart for the appellants and by Mr. Rex G. Baker for the
appellee.
No. 218. Railroad Commission of Texas, Lon A. Smith et al., ap-
pellants, v. Rowan & Nichols Oil Company. Argument commenced
by Mr. James P. Hart for the appellants and continued by Mr.
Dan Moody for the appellee.
Adjourned until tomorrow at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Friday, December 13, will be as follows: Nos. 218.
141, 66, 56, 1, 69, 28, 72, 73, and 235 (and 236).
Х
266260-40- -29

FRIDAY, DECEMBER 13, 1940
86
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: The Chief Justice, Mr. Justice McReynolds, Mr. Justice
Stone, Mr. Justice Roberts, Mr. Justice Black, Mr. Justice Reed,
Mr. Justice Frankfurter, Mr. Justice Douglas, and Mr. Justice
Murphy.
Burr Tracy Ansell, of Washington, D. C.; Millard G. Sinclair,
of San Antonio, Tex.; Justin H. Folkerth, of Columbus, Ohio; and
Charles L. Kaufman, of Norfolk, Va., were admitted to practice.
No. 218. Railroad Commission of Texas, Lon A. Smith, et al., ap-
pellants, v. Rowan & Nichols Oil Company. Argument concluded
by Mr. Dan Moody for the appellee.
No. 141. Virginia Vandenbark, petitioner, v. The Owens-Illinois
Glass Company. Argument commenced by Mr. Paul D. Smith for
the petitioner; continued by Mr. Lawrence Earl Broh-Kahn for
the respondent: and concluded by Mr. Thomas H. Sutherland for
the petitioner.
No. 66. William B. Milliken et al., petitioners, v. Violet L. Meyer,
both Individually and as Administratrix, etc. Argued by Mr. Jean
S. Breitenstein for the petitioners and case submitted by Mr. Fred
S. Caldwell for the respondent.
No. 56. American Federation of Labor, John Fitzpatrick, et al..
petitioners, v. Ross W. Swing et al. Argued by Mr. Walter F. Dodd
for the petitioners and by Mr. Myer N. Rosengard for the respondents.
No. 1. Milk Wagon Drivers Union of Chicago, Local 753, etc., et.
al., petitioners, v. Meadowmoor Dairies, Inc. Argument commenced
by Mr. Abraham W. Brussell for the petitioners.
Adjourned until Monday next at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Monday, December 16, will be as follows: Nos.
1, 69, 28, 72, 73, 235 (and 236), 78, 75, 87 (and 88), and 82.
Х
266260-40-30

MONDAY, DECEMBER 16, 1940
87
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: The Chief Justice, Mr. Justice McReynolds, Mr. Justice
Stone, Mr. Justice Roberts, Mr. Justice Black, Mr. Justice Reed, Mr.
Justice Frankfurter, Mr. Justice Douglas, and Mr. Justice Murphy.
William H. Langroise, of Boise, Idaho; Wayne E. Ripley, of Jack-
sonville, Fla.; Donald W. Ebbert, of Pittsburgh, Pa.; Charles R. Scott,
of Jacksonville, Fla.; James A. Velde, of Chicago, Ill.; Royal W.
Irwin, of Chicago, Ill.; Kenneth F. Montgomery, of Chicago, Ill.;
Henry E. Seyfarth, of Chicago, Ill.; Alfred McKnight, of Fort
Worth, Tex.; Joseph P. Tumulty, Jr., of Washington, D. C.; and
Colby Stilson, of New York City, were admitted to practice.
No. 46. State of Wisconsin and Elmer E. Barlow, as Commissioner
of Taxation of the State of Wisconsin, petitioners, v. J. C. Penney
Company. On writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of the State
of Wisconsin. Judgment reversed with costs and cause remanded to
said Supreme Court for further proceedings not inconsistent with the
opinion of this Court. Opinion by Mr. Justice Frankfurter. Dis-
senting opinion by Mr. Justice Roberts in which the Chief Justice,
Mr. Justice McReynolds, and Mr. Justice Reed concur.
No. 48. State of Wisconsin and Elmer E. Barlow, as Commissioner
of Taxation of the State of Wisconsin, petitioners, v. Minnesota Min-
ing and Manufacturing Company. On writ of certiorari to the
Supreme Court of the State of Wisconsin. Judgment reversed with
costs and cause remanded to the said Supreme Court for further pro-
ceedings not inconsistent with the opinion of this Court. Opinion by
Mr. Justice Frankfurter. Dissenting: The Chief Justice, Mr. Justice
McReynolds, Mr. Justice Roberts, and Mr. Justice Reed.
No. 12. The United States of America, petitioner, v. Appalachian
Electric Power Company. On writ of certiorari to the United States
Circuit Court of Appeals for the Fourth Circuit. Decree reversed
and cause remanded to the District Court of the United States for
the Western District of Virginia with instructions to enter an order
enjoining the construction, maintenance or operation of the Radford
project otherwise than under a license, accepted by the respondent
266260-40--31

MONDAY, DECEMBER 16, 1940
88
within a reasonable time, substantially in the form tendered respond-
ent by the Federal Power Commission on or about May 5, 1931, or
in the alternative, as prayed in the bill. Opinion by Mr. Justice
Reed. The Chief Justice took no part in the consideration or deci-
sion of this case. Dissenting opinion by Mr. Justice Roberts in which
Mr. Justice McReynolds concurs.
No. 3. The United States of America, appellant, v. Northern Pacific
Railway Company, Northern Pacific Railroad Company, et al.; and
No. 4. Northern Pacific Railway Company, Northern Pacific Rail-
road Company, et al., appellants, v. The United States of America.
Appeals from the District Court of the United States for the Eastern
District of Washington. The appeal in No. 4 is without merit, but,
upon the appeal in No. 3, the judgment is reversed and the cause is
remanded to the said District Court for further proceedings as indi-
cated in the opinion of this Court. Opinion by Mr. Justice Roberts.
Mr. Justice Murphy took no part in the consideration or decision of
this case.
No. 34. L. Singer & Sons et al., petitioners, v. Union Pacific Rail-
road Company; and
No. 35. Kansas City, Missouri, petitioner, v. L. Singer & Sons et al.
On writs of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals
for the Eighth Circuit. Decree affirmed with costs and cases re-
manded to the District Court of the United States for the Western
District of Missouri. Opinion by Mr. Justice McReynolds. Concur-
ring opinion by Mr. Justice Frankfurter in which Mr. Justice Roberts,
Mr. Justice Black, Mr. Justice Douglas, and Mr. Justice Murphy join.
Separate opinion by Mr. Justice Stone in which the Chief Justice and
Mr. Justice Reed concur.
The Chief Justice announced the following order of the Court:
No. 561. Equitable Loan Society, Inc., et al., appellants, v. John C.
Bell, Jr., Secretary of Banking of the Commonwealth of Pennsyl-
vania, et al. Appeal from the Supreme Court of the Commonwealth
of Pennsylvania. Per curiam: The appeal is dismissed for want of a
substantial federal question. Griffith v. Connecticut, 218 U. S. 563;
Noble State Bank v. Haskell, 219 U. S. 104, 111–113; Engel v. O’Mal-
ley, 219 U. S. 128, 136–137; Dillingham v. McLaughlin, 264 U. S.
370, 374.
The Chief Justice said:
"The other orders of the Court appear upon the list certified by the
Chief Justice and filed with the Clerk and will not be announced
orally."

MONDAY, DECEMBER 16, 1940
89
-
No. Norman E. Blosser, petitioner, v. The United States. Appli-
cation denied.
No., original. Ex parte Joseph E. Jones, petitioner. The motion
for leave to file petition for writ of habeas corpus is denied.
-
No. —, original. Ex parte Claud Offill, petitioner. The rule to show
cause is discharged and the motion for leave to file petition for writ
of habeas corpus is denied.
No. 468. Henry L. Lynch, petitioner, v. The Superior Court of
Los Angeles County. On petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme
Court of the State of California; and
No. 560. William James Sidis, petitioner, v. F-R Publishing Cor-
poration. On petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit
Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit. The motions for leave to
proceed further herein in forma pauperis are denied for the reason that
the Court, upon examination of the papers herein submitted, finds no
ground upon which writs of certiorari should be issued. The petitions
for writs of certiorari are therefore also denied.
No. 577. Arthur W. Mitchell, appellant, v. The United States of
America, Interstate Commerce Commission et al.;
No. 586. New York, Chicago & St. Louis Railroad Company, ap-
pellant, v. Dorothea T. Frank;
No. 588. Fred F. Edwards, appellant, v. The People of the State
of California; and
No. 594. City of Kansas City, Kansas, Don C. McCombs, et al.,
appellants, v. The United States of America et al. In these cases.
probable jurisdiction is noted.
No. 549. Public Service Commission of the State of Missouri et al.,
petitioners, v. Brashear Freight Lines, Inc., et al. Petition for writ
of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the
Eighth Circuit granted.
No. 584. Commercial Molasses Corporation, petitioner, v. New
York Tank Barge Corporation, as Chartered Owner, etc. Petition
for writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals
for the Second Circuit granted.
No. 550. Earl Moore, petitioner, v. Illinois Central Railroad Com-
pany. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit
Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit granted.
No. 532. Carl F. Kortepeter, petitioner, v. The United States of
America; and
No. 533. Gurney G. Derbyshire, petitioner, v. The United States
of America. Petition for writs of certiorari to the United States
Circuit Court of Appeals for the Seventh Circuit denied.
•
"

MONDAY, DECEMBER 16, 1940
90
No. 553. Joseph C. Lenihan et al., in their own behalf, etc., peti-
tioners, v. The Tri-State Telephone and Telegraph Company et al.
Petition for writs of certiorari to the Supreme Court of the State
of Minnesota, denied.
No. 555. The Texas Company, petitioner, v. National Labor Rela-
tions Board. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Circuit Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 559. Maud S. Williams, petitioner, v. New Jersey-New York
Transit Company. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United
States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit denied.
No. 562. Ben Preston, petitioner, v. Kaw Pipe Line Company et al.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court
of Appeals for the Tenth Circuit denied.
No. 566. Paul Whiteman, petitioner, v. RCA Manufacturing Com-
pany, Inc., et al.; and
No. 570. RCA Manufacturing Company, Inc., petitioner, v. Paul
Whiteman et al. Petitions for writs of certiorari to the United
States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit denied.
No. 571. Arthur T. Hormann, petitioner, v. The Northern Trust
Company et al.; and
No. 572. Arthur T. Hormann, petitioner, v. The Northern Trust
Company et al. Petition for writs of certiorari to the United States
Circuit Court of Appeals for the Seventh Circuit denied.
No. 420. Ben Adler Signs, Incorporated, et al., petitioners, v.
Wagner Sign Service Incorporated. Motion for leave to file petition
for rehearing denied.
No. 13. The United States of America, petitioner, v. Ashby Oliver
Stewart;
No. 439. Harold Van Riper, petitioner, v. The United States of
America;
No. 449. Joe Vernon, petitioner, v. State of Alabama;
No. 462. Mae B. Burgess, Co-Administratrix, et al., petitioners, v.
Reliance Life Insurance Company;
No. 499. Frank Tenneyson Neely, petitioner, v. Merchants Trust
Company of Red Bank, New Jersey, as Administrator, etc., et al.;
and
No. 518. Obear-Nester Glass Company, petitioner, v. Walgreen
Drug Stores, Inc., and Corning Glass Works. Petitions for rehear-
ing denied.
The Court will take a recess from Monday, December 23, until
Monday, January 6, 1941.

MONDAY, DECEMBER 16, 1940
91
No. 1. Milk Wagon Drivers Union of Chicago, Local 753, etc., et al.,
petitioners, v. Meadowmoor Dairies, Inc. Argument continued by
Mr. Abraham W. Brussell for the petitioners; by Mr. Donald N.
Schaffer and Mr. Roy Massena for the respondent; and concluded
by Mr. Abraham W. Brussell for the petitioners.
No. 69. Reconstruction Finance Corporation, Prudence-Bonds Cor-
poration, et al., petitioners, v. Prudence Securities Advisory Group
et al. Argument commenced by Mr. Assistant Solicitor General Fahy
for the petitioners and continued by Mr. John Gerdes for the re-
spondents.
Adjourned until tomorrow at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Tuesday, December 17, will be as follows: Nos. 69,
28, 72, 73, 235 (and 236), 78, 75, 87 (and 88), 82, and 330.
Х

TUESDAY, DECEMBER 17, 1940
92
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: The Chief Justice, Mr. Justice McReynolds, Mr. Justice
Stone, Mr. Justice Roberts, Mr. Justice Black, Mr. Justice Reed, Mr.
Justice Frankfurter, Mr. Justice Douglas, and Mr. Justice Murphy.
Lowell Curtis Wadmond, of New York City; John W. Willis, of Los
Angeles, Calif.; Charles A. Reinwald, of New York City; Harvey
Arthur Lupton, of Winston-Salem, N. C.; William R. Wondrowitz,
of Washington, D. C.; William McChesney Martin, of St. Louis, Mo.;
Harold Allan Kertz, of Washington, D. C.; Francis Joseph Ortman,
of Washington, D. C.; and Harry W. Oehler, of St. Paul, Minn., were
admitted to practice.
No. 69. Reconstruction Finance Corporation, Prudence-Bonds
Corporation, et al., petitioners, v. Prudence Securities Advisory Group
et al. Argument continued by Mr. John Gerdes for the respondents
and concluded by Mr. Assistant Solicitor General Fahy for the
petitioners.
No. 28. Hertha J. Sibbach, petitioner, v. Wilson & Company, Inc.
Argued by Mr. James A. Velde for the petitioner and by Mr. J. F.
Dammann for the respondent.
No. 72. Henry J. Beal et al., petitioners, v. Missouri Pacific Rail-
road Corporation, in Nebraska. Argument commenced by Mr. H.
Emerson Kokjer for the petitioners; continued by Mr. G. L. DeLacy
for the respondent; and concluded by Mr. Edwin Vail for the
petitioners.
No. 73. H. J. Heinz Company, petitioner, v. National Labor Rela-
tions Board. Argument commenced by Mr. Earl F. Reed for the
petitioner.
Adjourned until tomorrow at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Wednesday, December 18, will be as follows: Nos.
73, 235 (and 236), 78, 75, 87 (and 88), 82, 330, 85, 97, and 180.
266260-40-32

WEDNESDAY, DECEMBER 18, 1940
93
33
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: The Chief Justice, Mr. Justice McReynolds, Mr. Justice
Stone, Mr. Justice Roberts, Mr. Justice Black, Mr. Justice Reed, Mr.
Justice Frankfurter, Mr. Justice Douglas, and Mr. Justice Murphy.
Reginald W. McDuffee, of Savannah, Ga.; Walter Freedman, of
St. Louis, Mo.; John F. Davis, of New York City; Edwin Hort, of
New York City; and Rafael Cintron Lastra, of San Juan, P. R.,
were admitted to practice.
No. 97. Olga E. Voeller et al., petitioners, v. The Neilston Ware-
house Company et al. Submitted by Mr. Carrington T. Marshall and
Mr. Orland R. Crawfis for the petitioners and by Mr. Francis J.
Wright for the respondents.
No. 180. Superior Bath House Company, appellant, v. Z. M. Mc-
Carroll, Commissioner of Revenues for the State of Arkansas. Sub-
mitted by Mr. Terrell Marshall for the appellant and by Mr. Frank
Pace, Jr., and Mr. Lester M. Ponder for the appellee.
No. 73. H. J. Heinz Company, petitioner, v. National Labor Rela-
tions Board. Argument continued by Mr. Earl F. Reed for the
petitioner and concluded by Mr. Assistant Solicitor General Fahy for
the respondent.
No. 235. National Labor Relations Board, petitioner, v. Link-Belt
Company; and
No. 236. National Labor Relations Board, petitioner, v. Independ-
ent Union of Craftsmen. Argued by Robert B. Watts for the peti-
tioner; by Mr. Henry E. Seyfarth for the respondent in No. 235; and
by Mr. Benjamin Wham for the respondent in No. 236.
No. 78. A. C. Frost & Company, petitioner, v. Coeur D'Alene Mines
Corporation. Argument commenced by Mr. Ernest L. Wilkinson
for the petitioner; continued by Mr. William H. Langroise and Mr.
James A. Wayne for the respondent; and concluded by Mr. John
W. Cragun for the petitioner.
Adjourned until tomorrow at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Thursday, December 19, will be as follows: Nos.
75, 87 (and 88), 82, 330, and 188.
Х
266260-40--33
11
a

THURSDAY, DECEMBER 19, 1940
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
94
Present: The Chief Justice, Mr. Justice McReynolds, Mr. Justice
Stone, Mr. Justice Roberts, Mr. Justice Black, Mr. Justice Reed, Mr.
Justice Frankfurter, Mr. Justice Douglas, and Mr. Justice Murphy.
Ferdinand T. Weil, of Pittsburgh, Pa.; Glenn O. Young, of
Sapulpa, Okla.; and Robert B. Meyner, of Phillipsburg, N. J., were
admitted to practice.
No. 75. Robert H. Jackson, Attorney General of the United States,
on behalf of the United States and as Successor to the Alien Property
Custodian, petitioner, v. Irving Trust Company, as Executor, etc., et
al. Argued by Mr. Assistant Attorney General Shea for the peti-
tioner and by Mr. Nathan L. Miller for the respondents.
No. 87. Mikhail Nicholas Gorin, petitioner, v. The United States
of America; and
No. 88. Hafis Salich, petitioner, v. The United States of America.
Argued by Mr. Donald R. Richberg for the petitioners and by Mr.
Warner W. Gardner for the respondent.
No. 82. The United States of America, appellant, v. F. W. Darby
Lumber Company and Fred W. Darby. Argument commenced by
Mr. Solicitor General Biddle for the appellant.
Adjourned until tomorrow at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Friday, December 20, will be as follows: Nos. 82,
330, and 188.
Х
266260-40-34

FRIDAY, DECEMBER 20, 1940
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
95
Present: The Chief Justice, Mr. Justice McReynolds, Mr. Justice
Stone, Mr. Justice Roberts, Mr. Justice Black, Mr. Justice Reed, Mr.
Justice Frankfurter, and Mr. Justice Douglas.
J. Adrian Rosenburg, of Jackson, Mich.; Robert R. Bruce, of New
York City; Harry A, Walsh, of Trenton, N. J.; and L. Welch Pogue,
of New York City, were admitted to practice.
No. 82. The United States of America, appellant, v. F. W. Darby
Lumber Company and Fred W. Darby. Argument continued by Mr.
Solicitor General Biddle for the appellant; by Mr. Archibald B. Lovett
for the appellees; and concluded by Mr. Solicitor General Biddle for
the appellant.
No. 330. Opp Cotton Mills, Inc., et al., petitioners, v. Adminis-
trator of the Wage and Hour Division of the Department of Labor.
Argued by Mr. Ben F. Cameron for the petitioners and by Mr. Solicitor
General Biddle for the respondent.
No. 188. The United States, petitioner, v. Cowden Manufacturing
Company. Argued by Mr. Andrew D. Sharpe for the petitioner and
by Mr. Phil D. Morelock for the respondent.
Adjourned until Monday, December 23, at 12 o'clock.
☑
266260-40--35
IN
1
'
1

MONDAY, DECEMBER 23, 1940
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
96
Present: The Chief Justice, Mr. Justice Stone, Mr. Justice Roberts,
Mr. Justice Black, Mr. Justice Reed, Mr. Justice Frankfurter, Mr.
Justice Douglas, and Mr. Justice Murphy.
Luis Tirado Geigel, of San Juan, P. R.; and Walter J. Halliday, of
New York City, were admitted to practice.
No. 74. Lewis K. Stoner, petitioner, v. New York Life Insurance
Company. On writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court
of Appeals for the Eighth Circuit. Judgment of the Circuit Court of
Appeals reversed with costs and judgment of the District Court of the
United States for the Western District of Missouri affirmed and cause
remanded to said District Court. Opinion by Mr. Justice Murphy.
No. 66. William B. Milliken, Margaret M. Milliken, Texas Pro-
duction Company, et al., petitioners, v. Violet L. Meyer, Both indi-
vidually and as administratrix with the will annexed of the estate of
Raymond D. Meyer, deceased. On writ of certiorari to the Supreme
Court of the State of Colorado. Judgment reversed with costs and
cause remanded to the said Supreme Court for further proceedings not
inconsistent with the opinion of this Court. Opinion by Mr. Justice
Douglas.
No. 61. Best & Company, Inc., appellant, v. A. J. Maxwell, Com-
missioner of Revenue for the State of North Carolina. Appeal from
the Supreme Court of the State of North Carolina. Judgment re-
versed with costs and cause remanded to the said Supreme Court for
further proceedings not inconsistent with the opinion of this Court.
Opinion by Mr. Justice Reed.
The Chief Justice announced the following order of the Court:
No. 47. State of Wisconsin and Elmer E. Barlow, as Commissioner
of Taxation of the State of Wisconsin. petitioners, v. F. W. Wool-
worth Company. On writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of the
State of Wisconsin. Per curiam: The judgment is reversed on the
authority of Wisconsin v. Penney Company, No. 46, decided Decem-
ber 16, 1940. Mr. Justice Stone took no part in the consideration or
decision of this cause.
266260-40- -36

MONDAY, DECEMBER 23, 1940
The Chief Justice said:
97
25
"The other orders of the Court appear upon the list certified by the
Chief Justice and filed with Clerk and will not be announced orally."
No. 513. John J. Baumeister, petitioner, v. The State of New
York. On petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals of
the State of New York; and
No. 623. Mary B. Betz, petitioner, v. Estate of J. Edward Brill,
deceased. On petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of
the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania. The motions for leave to pro-
ceed further herein in forma pauperis are denied for the reason that
the Court, upon examination of the papers herein submitted, finds no
ground upon which writs of certiorari should be issued. The petitions
for writs of certiorari are therefore also denied.
No. 610. George Couper Gibbs, Individually and as Attorney Gen-
eral of the State of Florida, et al., appellants, v. Gene Buck, Individ-
ually and as President of the American Society of Composers, Authors,
and Publishers, et al.; and
No. 611. Gene Buck, Individually and as President of the Ameri-
can Society of Composers, Authors, and Publishers, et al., appellants,
v. George Couper Gibbs, Individually and as Attorney General of the
State of Florida, et al. In these cases probable jurisdiction is noted
and the cases are assigned for argument immediately following No.
312.
No. 558. R. H. Nye and L. C. Mayers, petitioners, v. The United
States of America and W. B. Guthrie. Petition for writ of cer-
tiorari to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Fourth
Circuit granted.
No. 483. State of Washington, petitioner, v. Inland Empire Re-
fineries, Inc., et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme
Court of the State of Washington denied for the reason that the
judgment of the court below rests upon a non-Federal ground adequate
to support it. Lynch v. New York, 293 U. S. 52; New York City v.
Central Savings Bank, 306 U. S. 661.
No. 573. Hyman G. Stein, petitioner, v. St. Louis Public Service
Company, Debtor, et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United
States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Eighth Circuit denied. Mr.
Justice Douglas took no part in the consideration or decision of this
application.
No. 578. E. W. Gwinner, petitioner, v. D. B. Heiner, formerly
Collector of Internal Revenue. Petition for writ of certiorari to
the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Third Circuit
denied. Mr. Justice Douglas took no part in the consideration or
decision of this application.

MONDAY, DECEMBER 23, 1940
98
No. 568. Piney Coking Coal Land Company, petitioner, v. Ernest
K. James, State Tax Commissioner for the State of West Virginia.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Appeals of
the State of West Virginia denied.
No. 569. Municipal Acceptance Corporation, petitioner, v. Ernest
K. James, State Tax Commissioner for the State of West Virginia.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Appeals of
the State of West Virginia denied.
No. 574. King County, a Municipal Corporation, Ralph F. Stacy,
as Treasurer of King County, et al., petitioners, v. W. J. Lake &
Company, Inc. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court
of the State of Washington denied.
No. 575. Producers Pipe Line Company, petitioner, v. James W.
Martin, Commissioner of Revenue for the Commonwealth of Ken-
tucky, et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Cir-
cuit Court of Appeals for the Sixth Circuit denied.
No. 581. Great American Insurance Company, petitioner, v. Com-
panhia de Navegacao Lloyd Brasileiro, etc.; and
No. 585. Companhia de Navegacao Lloyd Brasileiro, petitioner, v.
The Great American Insurance Company et al. Petitions for writs
of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the
Second Circuit denied.
No. 605. Jackson County, Missouri, petitioner, v. Clarence B. Reed,
Trustee. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of the
State of Missouri denied.
No. 31. American United Mutual Life Insurance Company, peti-
tioner, v. City of Avon Park, Florida. Petition for rehearing denied.
Adjourned until Monday, January 6, 1941, at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Monday, January 6, 1941, will be as follows: Nos.
85, 86, 92, 486, 494, 393, 419, 495, 120, and 242 (and 243).

MONDAY, JANUARY 6, 1941
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
99
Present: The Chief Justice, Mr. Justice McReynolds, Mr. Justice
Stone, Mr. Justice Roberts, Mr. Justice Black, Mr. Justice Reed, Mr.
Justice Frankfurter, Mr. Justice Douglas, and Mr. Justice Murphy.
Jacob M. Burkoff, of Chicago, Ill.; Arthur A. Armstrong, of New
York City; Chas. E. Prettymán, 3d., of Neosho, Mo.; Paul M. Sals-
burg, of Atlantic City, N. J.; John G. Jackson, Jr., of New York
City; Bernard L. Alpert, of New Britain, Conn.; Rupert R. Hark-
rider, of Galveston, Tex.; John Alfred Granlund, of San Francisco,
Calif.; and Sydney Edward Shuteran, of Denver, Colo., were admitted
to practice.
No. 69. Reconstruction Finance Corporation, Prudence-Bonds Cor-
poration, et al., petitioners, v. Prudence Securities Advisory Group,
Independent Prudence Bondholders Committee, et al. On writ of
certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Second
Circuit. Judgment reversed and cause remanded to the said Circuit
Court of Appeals for further proceedings in conformity with the
opinion of this Court. Opinion by Mr. Justice Douglas. Concurring
opinion by Mr. Justice Reed in which Mr. Justice Roberts joins.
No. 235. National Labor Relations Board, petitioner, v. Link-Belt
Company; and
No. 236. National Labor Relations Board, petitioner, v. Independ-
ent Union of Craftsmen. On writs of certiorari to the United States
Circuit Court of Appeals for the Seventh Circuit. Judgment re-
versed and cause remanded to the said Circuit Court of Appeals with
directions to enforce the Board's order in full. Opinion by Mr.
Justice Douglas. Mr. Justice McReynolds took no part in the consid-
eration or disposition of these cases.
No. 218. Railroad Commission of Texas, Lon A. Smith, Ernest O.
Thompson, and Jerry Sadler, Members of the Railroad Commission of
Texas, et al., appellants, v. Rowan & Nichols Oil Company. Appeal
from the District Court of the United States for the Western District
of Texas. Decree vacated with costs and cause remanded to the said
District Court for dismissal of the complaint. Opinion by Mr. Justice
Frankfurter. Dissenting: The Chief Justice, Mr. Justice McReynolds,
and Mr. Justice Roberts.
No. 57. Railroad Commission of Texas and Lon A. Smith, Ernest.
O. Thompson, et al., etc., appellants, v. Humble Oil and Refining Com-
266260-11—37

MONDAY, JANUARY 6, 1941
100
pany. Appeal from the District Court of the United States for the
Western District of Texas. Decree vacated with costs and cause re-
manded to the said District Court for the dismissal of the complaint.
Opinion by Mr. Justice Frankfurter. Dissenting: The Chief Justice,
Mr. Justice McReynolds, and Mr. Justice Roberts.
No. 141. Virginia Vandenbark, petitioner, v. The Owens-Illinois
Glass Company. On writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit
Court of Appeals for the Sixth Circuit. Judgment reversed with costs
and cause remanded to the District Court of the United States for the
Northern District of Ohio for further proceedings in conformity with
the opinion of this Court. Opinion by Mr. Justice Reed. Mr. Justice
McReynolds concurs in the result. Mr. Justice Stone took no part in
the consideration or decision of this case.
No. 38. Howard S. Palmer, James Lee Loomis, and Henry B. Saw-
yer, Trustees of the Property of the New York, New Haven and Hart-
ford Railroad Company, Debtor, petitioners, v. Connecticut Railway &
Lighting Company. On writ of certiorari to the United States Cir-
cuit Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit. Judgment affirmed with
costs and cause remanded to the District Court of the United States for
the District of Connecticut. Opinion by Mr. Justice Reed. Dissent-
ing opinion by Mr. Justice Frankfurter. Dissenting opinion by Mr.
Justice Douglas in which Mr. Justice Black joins.
No. 97. Olga E. Voeller, Dorothy Gloeckner, Nellie B. Pugh, et al.,
petitioners, v. The Neilston Warehouse Company and The Ohio Na-
tional Bank of Columbus. On writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court
of the State of Ohio. Judgment reversed with costs and cause re-
manded to the said Supreme Court for further proceedings not in-
consistent with the opinion of this Court. Opinion by Mr. Justice
Black.
No. 55. Donald S. McClain, petitioner, v. Commissioner of Internal
Revenue. On writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court
of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit; and
No. 58. Guy T. Helvering, Commissioner of Internal Revenue, pe-
titioner, v. Florence Stanton Thomson, Executrix, etc. On writ of
certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the
Second Circuit. In No. 55, judgment affirmed and cause remanded
to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit.
In No. 58, judgment reversed and cause remanded to the United
States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit for further
proceedings in conformity with the opinion of this Court. Opinion
by Mr. Justice Roberts.
No. 49. Guy T. Helvering, Commissioner of Internal Revenue, pe-
titioner, . Godfrey Hammel and Pearl Hammel. On writ of cer-

MONDAY, JANUARY 6, 1941
101
tiorari to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Sixth
Circuit. Judgment reversed and cause remanded to the said Circuit
Court of Appeals for further proceedings in conformity with the
opinion of this Court. Opinion by Mr. Justice Stone. Dissenting:
Mr. Justice Roberts.
No. 62. Electro-Chemical Engraving Co., Inc., petitioner, v. Com-
missioner of Internal Revenue. On writ of certiorari to the United
States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit. Judgment
affirmed and cause remanded to the said Circuit Court of Appeals.
Opinion by Mr. Justice Stone. Dissenting: Mr. Justice Roberts.
No. 73. H. J. Heinz Company, petitioner, v. National Labor Rela-
tions Board. On writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court
of Appeals for the Sixth Circuit. Judgment affirmed and cause
remanded to said Circuit Court of Appeals. Opinion by Mr. Jus-
tice Stone. Mr. Justice McReynolds took no part in the considera-
tion or decision of this case.
No. 381. Z. & F. Assets Realization Corporation, petitioner, v. Cor-
dell Hull, Secretary of State, and Henry Morgenthau, Secretary of
the Treasury; Lehigh Valley Railroad Company, Intervener; and
No. 382. American-Hawaiian Steamship Company, petitioner, v.
Cordell Hull, Secretary of State, and Henry Morgenthau. Secretary
of the Treasury; Lehigh Valley Railroad Company, Intervener. On
writs of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the
District of Columbia. Judgment affirmed and cause remanded to the
District Court of the United States for the District of Columbia.
Opinion by Mr. Chief Justice Hughes. Mr. Justice Roberts took no
part in the consideration and decision of these cases. Concurring
opinion by Mr. Justice Black in which Mr. Justice Douglas joins.
No. 75. Robert H. Jackson, Attorney General of the United States,
on behalf of the United States, and as Successor to the Alien Property
Custodian, petitioner, v. Irving Trust Company, as Executor of Her-
mann Sielcken, deceased, et al. On writ of certiorari to the United
States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit. Judgment
affirmed and cause remanded to the District Court of the United
States for the Southern District of New York. Opinion by Mr. Chief
Justice Hughes. Mr. Justice Murphy took no part in the considera-
tion and decision of this case.
The Chief Justice announced the following order of the Court:
No. 617. John Sherman Harris, appellant, v. M. Gary Whittle,
Sheriff. Appeal from the Supreme Court of the State of Georgia.
Per curiam: The appeal is dismissed for the want of jurisdiction.

MONDAY, JANUARY 6, 1941
102
Section 237 (a), Judicial Code, as amended by the Act of February 13,
1925 (43 Stat. 936, 937). Treating the papers whereon the appeal was
allowed as a petition for writ of certiorari, as required by section
237 (c), of the Judicial Code (43 Stat. 936, 938), certiorari is denied.
The Chief Justice said:
"The other orders of the Court appear upon the list certified by the
Chief Justice and filed with the Clerk and will not be announced
orally."
Orders are entered approving the bonds of the Clerk of this Court
and directing that they be recorded.
An order is entered adopting Rules of Procedure and Practice for
the Trial of Cases before Commissioners and for Taking and Hearing
of Appeals to the District Courts of the United States.
No. , original. Ex parte Cleio Hull, petitioner. A rule is or-
dered to issue, returnable Monday, February 3 next, requiring the
respondent to show cause why leave to file the petition for writ of
habeas corpus should not be granted.
No. , original. Ex parte Clarence Kelly, petitioner. The mo-
tion for leave to file petition for writ of habeas corpus is denied.
No. 538. Louis Fried, petitioner, v. The United States of America.
On petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of
Appeals for the Second Circuit;
No. 545 Locke Miller, petitioner, v. Michael J. Kirwan. On peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of the State of Ohio;
and
No. 438. Robert Vivion Bell, petitioner, v. James A. Johnston,
Warden, United States Penitentiary, Alcatraz, California. On peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of
Appeals for the Ninth Circuit. The motions for leave to proceed
further herein in forma pauperis are denied for the reason that the
Court, upon examination of the papers herein submitted, finds no
ground upon which writs of certiorari should be issued. The peti-
tions for writs of certiorari are therefore also denied.
No. 587. Samuel R. Toucey, petitioner, v. New York Life Insur-
ance Company. The motion for leave to proceed in forma pauperis
"
'
"
2

MONDAY, JANUARY 6, 1941
103
is granted. The petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Circuit Court of Appeals for the Eighth Circuit is granted.
No. 616. The United States of America, appellant, v. Leamon
Resler and Leamon Resler, doing business as Resler Truck Line and
as Brady Truck Line;
No. 618. The United States of America, appellant, v. Patrick B.
Classic et al.; and
No. 628. Hudson & Manhattan Railroad Company, appellant, v.
The United States of America et al. In these cases probable juris-
diction is noted.
No. 603. H. A. Gray, as Director of the Bituminous Coal Division
of the Department of the Interior, et al., petitioners, v. Legh R.
Powell, Jr., et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Circuit Court of Appeals for the Fourth Circuit granted.
No. 596. Fred O. Lowe, petitioner, v. The United States of Amer-
ica. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit
Court of Appeals for the Seventh Circuit denied without prejudice
to an application to the District Court to reduce the fines to an
amount allowed by statute.
No. 598. Harvard State Bank, petitioner, v. The Baltimore and
Ohio Railroad Company et al.; and
No. 599. Harvard State Bank, petitioner, v. The Baltimore and
Ohio Railroad Company et al. On consideration of the suggestion
of a diminution of the record and motion for a writ of certiorari in
that relation, the motion for a writ of certiorari is granted. The
petition for writs of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of
Appeals for the Fourth Circuit and to the District Court of the United
States for the District of Maryland is denied. Mr. Justice Roberts
and Mr. Justice Douglas took no part in the consideration and
decision of these applications.
No. 580. Milton K. Young and Melissa E. Young, petitioners, v.
County of Ventura. Petition for writ of certiorari to the District
Court of Appeals, 2d Appellate District, State of California, denied.
No. 589. A. A. Newhouse, J. R. Mason, and Mary E. Morris, peti-
tioners, v. Corcoran Irrigation District. Petition for writ of certiorari
to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit
denied.
No. 591. Pacific National Bank of San Francisco, petitioner, v.
Merced Irrigation District. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit denied.
No. 592. Street & Smith Publications, Inc., petitioner, v. Daniel A.
Blair, Judge of the District Court of Lubbock County, Texas, 72nd

MONDAY, JANUARY 6, 1941
104
Judicial District, et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme
Court of the State of Texas denied.
No. 593. William Stern, petitioner, v. William Gillman, Jack Gill-
man, and Laszlo Wenczel. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United
States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit denied.
No. 595. John D. Glass, petitioner, v. Harold L. Ickes. Petition
for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the
District of Columbia denied.
No. 638. Bituminous Coal Producers Board for District No. 8, pe-
titioner, v. Legh R. Powell, Jr., et al. Petition for writ of certiorari
to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Fourth Circuit
denied.
No. 539. State of Minnesota, petitioner, v. Duluth Missabe and
Northern Railway Company et al.;
No. 540. State of Minnesota, petitioner, v. The Duluth and Iron
Range Railroad Company et al.;
No. 541. State of Minnesota, petitioner, v. Spirit Lake Transfer
Railway Company et al.;
No. 542. State of Minnesota, petitioner, v. Oliver Iron Mining
Company; and
No. 543. State of Minnesota, petitioner, v. Proctor Water and
Light Company. Petition for writs of certiorari to the Supreme
Court of the State of Minnesota denied.
No. 590. James Utley, petitioner, v. The United States of America.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of
Appeals for the Ninth Circuit denied.
No. 597. The Texas Company, petitioner, v. National Labor Rela-
tions Board. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Circuit Court of Appeals for the Seventh Circuit denied.
No. 607. American Lumbermens Mutual Casualty Company of
Illinois, petitioner, v. Elizabeth Sutcliffe, as Administratrix, etc., et al.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of
Appeals for the Second Circuit denied.
No. original. Ex parte Edward Quinn;
No. 32. Fidelity Union Trust Company et al., petitioners, v. Ethel
Adelaide Field; and
No. 267. Six Companies of California, Hartford Accident and
Indemnity Company et al., petitioners, v. Joint Highway District No.
13 of the State of California. Petitions for rehearing denied.
No. , original. The United States of America, complainant, v.
The State of Alabama. Return to the rule to show cause presented.

MONDAY, JANUARY 6, 1941
105
No., original. Ex parte Fred J. Becker, petitioner. Return
to the rule to show cause presented.
No. 85. Federal Trade Commission, petitioner, v. Bunte Brothers,
Inc. Argued by Mr. Hugh B. Cox for the petitioner and by Mr.
Theodore E. Rein for the respondent.
No. 86. Carol Harriman Stewart, appellant, v. Commonwealth of
Pennsylvania. Argued by Mr. Charles I. Thompson for the appellant
and by Mr. E. Russell Shockley for the appellee.
No. 92. Florence Guggenheim, petitioner, v. Almon Q. Rasquin,
Individually and as United States Collector of Internal Revenue for
the First District of New York. Martha E. Rasquin, Administratrix
of the Estate of Almon Q. Rasquin, deceased, substituted as the party
respondent herein on motion of Mr. John G. Jackson, Jr., for the
petitioner.
No. 92. Florence Guggenheim, petitioner, v. Martha E. Rasquin,
Administratrix, etc. Argument commenced by Mr. John G. Jackson,
Jr., for the petitioner.
Adjourned until tomorrow at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Tuesday, January 7, will be as follows: Nos. 92,
486, 494, 393, 419, 495, 120, 242 (and 243), 191 (and 192), and
237.
i

18
1.
11
11
1

TUESDAY, JANUARY 7, 1941
106
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: The Chief Justice, Mr. Justice McReynolds, Mr. Justice
Stone, Mr. Justice Roberts, Mr. Justice Reed, Mr. Justice Frank-
furter, Mr. Justice Douglas, and Mr. Justice Murphy.
Anne X. Alpern, of Pittsburgh, Pa.; Oscar W. Haussermann, of
Boston, Mass.; ames N. Clark, of Boston, Mass.; Howard B. Critten-
den, Jr., of Tracy, Calif.; Sam Houston, of Washington, D. C.;
Lewis M. Alpern, of Pittsburgh, Pa.; Leon Wald, of Pittsburgh, Pa.;
J. Henry O'Neill, of Pittsburgh, Pa.; and Richard W. Ahlers, of
Pittsburgh, Pa., were admitted to practice.
No. 242. Philadelphia Company and Certain Underliers, peti-
tioners, v. Walter L. Dipple et al.; and
No. 243. Philadelphia Company and Certain Underliers, peti-
tioners v. Walter L. Dipple et al. Leave granted W. D. George,
Thomas M. Benner, and Thomas Fitzgerald to intervene on motion
of Mr. J. Henry O'Neill in that behalf.
No. 92. Florence Guggenheim, petitioner, v. Martha E. Rasquin,
Administratrix, etc. Argument continued by Mr. John G. Jackson,
Jr., for the petitioner and concluded by Mr. J. Louis Monarch for
the respondent. Leave granted petitioner to file a reply brief within
one week.
No. 486. Madeleine D. Powers, petitioner, v. Commissioner of Inter-
nal Revenue. Argued by Mr. Ralph G. Boyd for the petitioner and
by Mr. J. Louis Monarch for the respondent.
No. 494. The United States of America, petitioner, v. Joseph T.
Ryerson et al. Argued by Mr. J. Louis Monarch for the petitioner
and by Mr. William N. Haddah for the respondents.
No. 393. The United States, petitioner, v. Arthur Pelzer. Argued
by Mr. Solicitor General Biddle for the petitioner and by Mr. Rob-
ert A. Littleton for the respondent.
Adjourned until tomorrow at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Wednesday, January 8, will be as follows: Nos.
419, 495, 120, 242 (and 243), 191 (and 192), 237, 371, 245, 194,
and 200.
Х
266260-41-38
f
13
"
#

Х
WEDNESDAY, JANUARY 8, 1941
107
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: The Chief Justice, Mr. Justice McReynolds, Mr. Justice
Stone, Mr. Justice Roberts, Mr. Justice Reed, Mr. Justice Frank-
furter, Mr. Justice Douglas, and Mr. Justice Murphy.
Lowell M. Greenlaw, of Chicago, Ill., was admitted to practice.
No. 419. Guy T. Helvering, Commissioner of Internal Revenue.
petitioner, v. Mary M. Hutchings. Argued by Mr. Solicitor General
Biddle for the petitioner and by Mr. Rupert R. Harkrider and Mr.
T. W. Lain for the respondent.
No. 495. Joseph T. Ryerson and Edward L. Ryerson, Jr., as Execu-
tors, etc., petitioners, v. The United States of America. Argued by
Mr. William N. Haddad for the petitioners and by Mr. Solicitor
General Biddle for the respondent.
No. 120. Howard S. Palmer et al., Trustees of the Property of the
New York, New Haven and Hartford Railroad Company, Debtor,
petitioners, v. Webster and Atlas National Bank of Boston, Trustee.
Argued by Mr. Herman J. Wells for the petitioners; by Mr. Robert
H. Davison for the respondent; and by Mr. Robert H. Hopkins for
the City of Boston as amicus curiae, by special leave of Court.
No. 242. Philadelphia Company and Certain Underliers, petition-
ers, v. Walter L. Dipple et al.; and
No. 243. Philadelphia Company and Certain Underliers, petition-
ers, v. Walter L. Dipple et al. Argument commenced by Mr. W. A.
Seifert for the petitioners.
Adjourned until tomorrow at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Thursday, January 9, will be as follows: Nos. 242
(and 243), 191 (and 192), 194, 237, 371, 245, 200, 212, 253, and
281 (and 282).
266260-41——39
"
"
Si
11
'
1

THURSDAY, JANUARY 9, 1941
108
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: The Chief Justice, Mr. Justice McReynolds, Mr. Justice
Stone, Mr. Justice Roberts, Mr. Justice Reed, Mr. Justice Frank-
furter, Mr. Justice Douglas, and Mr. Justice Murphy.
Morris L. Bradford, of Tulsa, Okla.; and Edward M. Brown, of
Cincinnati, Ohio, were admitted to practice.
No. 242. Philadelphia Company and Certain Underliers, petition-
ers, v. Walter L. Dipple et al.; and
No. 243. Philadelphia Company and Certain Underliers, petition-
ers, v. Walter L. Dipple et al. Argument continued by Mr. W. A.
Seifert for the petitioners; by Miss Anne X. Alpern and Mr. A. E.
Kountz for the respondents; and concluded by Mr. W. A. Seifert
for the petitioners.
No. 191. The United States, appellant, v. Kate B. Goltra and E.
Field Goltra, Jr., Executors etc.; and
No. 192. Kate B. Goltra and E. Field Goltra, Jr., Executors, etc.,
appellants, v. The United States. Argued by Mr. Herman J. Gallo-
way and Mr. Frederick W. P. Lorenzen for Kate B. Goltra and
E. Field Goltra, Jr., Executors, and by Mr. Assistant Solicitor
General Fahy for the United States.
No. 194. Maryland Casualty Company, petitioner, 2. Pacific Coal
& Oil Company and Joe Orteca. Argued by Mr. Parker Fulton for
the petitioner. No appearance for the respondents.
No. 237. Guy T. Helvering, Commissioner of Internal Revenue,
petitioner, v. Edyth LeGierse and Bankers Trust Company, as Ex-
ecutors etc. Argument commenced by Mr. Assistant Attorney Gen-
eral Clark for the petitioner and continued by Mr. Frederick O.
McKenzie for the respondents.
Adjourned until tomorrow at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Friday, January 10, will be as follows: Nos. 237,
371, 245, 200, 253, 281 (and 282), 212, 255 (and 256), 293, and
291.
266260-41—40
☑

FRIDAY, JANUARY 10, 1941
109
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: The Chief Justice, Mr. Justice McReynolds, Mr. Justice
Stone, Mr. Justice Roberts, Mr. Justice Reed, Mr. Justice Frankfur-
tèr, Mr. Justice Douglas, and Mr. Justice Murphy.
A. Foy Curry, Jr., of Tulia, Tex.; Walter H. Domzalski, of Detroit,
Mich.; and Joseph Rosenblatt, of New York City, were admitted to
practice.
No. 237. Guy T. Helvering, Commissioner of Internal Revenue,
petitioner, v. Edyth LeGierse and Bankers Trust Company, as Exec-
utors, etc. Argument continued by Mr. Frederick O. McKenzie for
the respondents and concluded by Mr. Assistant Attorney General
Clark for the petitioner.
No. 371. Estate of Anna M. Keller et al., petitioners, v. Commis-
sioner of Internal Revenue. Argued by Mr. Ferdinand T. Weil for
the petitioner and by Mr. Assistant Attorney General Clark for the
respondent.
No. 245. The United States of America, appellant, v. J. W. Gilli-
land et al. Argued by Mr. Herbert Wechsler for the appellant and
by Mr. F. W. Fischer for the appellees.
No. 200. Reconstruction Finance Corporation, petitioner, v. J. G.
Menihan Corporation et al. Argued by Mr. Clifford J. Durr for the
petitioner and by Mr. Arthur E. Sutherland, Jr., for the respondents.
No. 253. Eugene Higgins, petitioner, v. Commissioner of Internal
Revenue. Argument commenced by Mr. Selden Bacon for the peti-
tioner.
Adjourned until Monday, next, at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Monday, January 13, will be as follows: Nos. 253,
281 (and 282), 212, 255 (and 256), 293, 173, 201, 291, 274, and
510 (and 511).
266260-41———41
Х

MONDAY, JANUARY 13, 1941
110
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: The Chief Justice, Mr. Justice McReynolds, Mr. Justice
Stone, Mr. Justice Roberts, Mr. Justice Black, Mr. Justice Reed, Mr.
Justice Frankfurter, Mr. Justice Douglas, and Mr. Justice Murphy.
Ernest W. Gibson, Jr., of Brattleboro, Vt.; Barney B. Fenster-
stock, of New York City; Bert L. Klooster, of Chicago, Ill.; Donald P.
Mayhew, of Los Angeles, Calif.; Philip Strome, of Salem, Mass.; and
Henry Friedman, of Boston, Mass., were admitted to practice.
No. 188. The United States, petitioner, v. Cowden Manufacturing
Company. On writ of certiorari to the Court of Claims. Judgment
reversed and cause remanded to the Court of Claims with directions
to dismiss the petition. Opinion by Mr. Justice Murphy.
No. 87. Mikhail Nicholas Gorin, petitioner, v. The United States of
America; and
No. 88. Hafis Salich, petitioner, v. The United States of America.
On writs of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals
for the Ninth Circuit. Judgments affirmed and cases remanded to the
District Court of the United States for the Southern District of
California. Opinion by Mr. Justice Reed. Mr. Justice Murphy took
no part in the consideration and decision of these cases.
No. 28. Hertha J. Sibbach, petitioner, v. Wilson & Company, Inc.
On writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals
for the Seventh Circuit. Judgment reversed with costs and cause
remanded to the District Court of the United States for the Northern
District of Illinois for further proceedings in conformity with the
opinion of this Court. Opinion by Mr. Justice Roberts. Dissenting
opinion by Mr. Justice Frankfurter in which Mr. Justice Black, Mr.
Justice Douglas, and Mr. Justice Murphy join.
The Chief Justice announced the following orders of the Court:
No. 86. Carol Harriman Stewart, appellant, v. Commonwealth of
Pennsylvania. Appeal from the Supreme Court of the Common-
wealth of Pennsylvania. Per curiam: The judgment is affirmed.
Curry v. McCanless, 307 U. S. 357; Graves v. Elliot, 307 U. S.
266260-41--42
11
+

MONDAY, JANUARY 13, 1941
111
383. Mr. Chief Justice Hughes, Mr. Justice McReynolds, and Mr.
Justice Roberts dissent.
No. 210. Manufacturers Trust Company et al., petitioners, v. Pru-
dence Securities Advisory Group et al.;
No. 211. Edward Endelman and Jacob A. Freedman, petitioners,
v. Prudence-Bonds Corporation et al.;
No. 214. Charles H. Kelby, as Trustee, etc., petitioner, v. Pru-
dence Securities Advisory Group et al.;
No. 259. Prudence Realization Corporation, petitioner, v. Pru-
dence-Bonds Corporation; and
No. 273. Alfred T. Davison, petitioner, v. Prudence Securities Ad-
visory Group et al. On petitions for writs of certiorari to the
United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit.
Per curiam: The petitions for writs of certiorari are granted and
the judgment is reversed on the authority of Reconstruction
Finance Corporation et al., v. Prudence Securities Advisory Group
et al., No. 69, decided January 6, 1941.
No. 284. Robert N. Denham, petitioner, v. Munson Line, Incor-
porated. On petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Cir-
cuit Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit. Per curiam: The pe-
tition for writ of certiorari is granted and the judgment is reversed
on the authority of Reconstruction Finance Corporation et al. v. Pru-
dence Securities Advisory Group et al., No. 69, decided January 6,
1941.
The Chief Justice said:
"The other orders of the Court appear upon the list certified by
the Chief Justice and filed with the Clerk and will not be
announced orally."
No.
denied.
-
Ex parte John J. Sheridan, petitioner. Application
No., original. Ex parte Chester W. Campbell, petitioner;
No. original. Ex parte R. Gordon Whitman, petitioner; and
No. -, original. Ex parte Herbert A. Burgtorf, petitioner. The
motions for leave to file petitions for writs of habeas corpus are
denied.
No.
-
original. Ex parte Fred J. Becker, petitioner, The rule
to show cause is discharged and the motion for leave to file petition
for writ of habeas corpus is denied.
No. 498. J. L. Stewart, petitioner, v. James A. Johnston. On peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of Ap-
peals for the Ninth Circuit. The motion for leave to proceed further
herein in forma pauperis is denied for the reason that the Court,
upon examination of the papers herein submitted, finds no ground

MONDAY, JANUARY 13, 1941
112
upon which a writ of certiorari should be issued. The petition for
writ of certiorari is therefore also denied. The motion for leave
to file petition for writ of mandamus is denied.
No. 609. Bennie Valenta Scott, petitioner, v. The United States of
America. On petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Circuit Court of Appeals for the Tenth Circuit. The motion for
leave to proceed further herein in forma pauperis is denied for the
reason that the Court, upon examination of the papers herein sub-
mitted, finds no ground upon which a writ of certiorari should be
issued. The petition for writ of certiorari is therefore also denied.
No. 640. The United States of America and Secretary of Agri-
culture, appellants, v. F. O. Morgan, doing business as F. O. Morgan
Sheep Commission Company, et al. In this case probable jurisdic-
tion is noted. The motion to substitute is granted and Claude R.
Wickard, Secretary of Agriculture is substituted as a party appellant
in the place and stead of Henry A. Wallace, formerly Secretary of
Agriculture; and Alice M. Morgan, administratrix of the estate of
F. O. Morgan, deceased, is substituted as a party appellee in the place
and stead of F. O. Morgan, deceased.
No. 601. Paul W. Sampsell, as Trustee in Bankruptcy, etc., peti-
tioner, v. Imperial Paper and Color Corporation. Petition for writ
of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the
Ninth Circuit granted.
No. 387. Phelps Dodge Corporation, petitioner, v. National Labor
Relations Board; and
No. 641. National Labor Relations Board, petitioner, v. Phelps
Dodge Corporation. Petitions for writs of certiorari to the United
States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit granted. Mr.
Justice Roberts took no part in the consideration and decision of these
applications.
No. 620. Laura S. K. Slocum et al., petitioners, v. First National
Bank of Chicago et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Appel-
late Court, 1st District, State of Illinois, denied. Mr. Justice Black
and Mr. Justice Douglas took no part in the consideration and decision
of this application.
No. 622. The Dravo Contracting Company, petitioner, 2. Ernest
K. James, as an Individual, etc. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Fourth Circuit denied.
Mr. Justice Reed took no part in the consideration and decision of
this application.
No. 352. Sunshine Mining Company, petitioner, v. National Labor
Relations Board. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Circuit Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit denied.

MONDAY, JANUARY 13, 1941
113
No. 563. Miriam G. Hostetter, petitioner, v. The United States
of America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Cir-
cuit Court of Appeals for the Third Circuit denied.
No. 582. William Squire Neal, petitioner, v. The United States
of America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Cir-
cuit Court of Appeals for the Eighth Circuit denied.
No. 602. J. D. Chalk, Commissioner, etc., et al., petitioners, v. The
United States of America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Fourth Circuit denied.
No. 604. United States National Bank of San Diego et al., peti-
tioners, v. County San Diego and Crowell D. Eddy, as Assessor of
San Diego County. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme
Court of the State of California denied.
No. 606. Viking Pump Company, petitioner, v. National Labor
Relations Board. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Circuit Court of Appeals for the Eighth Circuit denied.
No. 615. Stewart Die Casting Corporation, petitioner, v. National
Labor Relations Board. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United
States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Seventh Circuit denied.
No. 630. Commissioner of Corporations and Taxation, petitioner,
v. Edward H. Flaherty. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
Supreme Judicial Court of the Commonwealth of Massachusetts
denied.
No. 644. The H. W. Gossard Co., petitioner, v. Loeber's, Inc. Pe-
tition for writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of
Appeals for the Seventh Circuit denied.
No. 51. James M. Wright, petitioner, v. The Union Central Life
Insurance Company et al. The motion of petitioner for leave to file
a petition for rehearing is granted. The petition for rehearing is
denied.
No. 51. James M. Wright, petitioner, v. The Union Central Life
Insurance Company et al. Petition of Union Central Life Insurance
Company for rehearing denied.
No. 47. State of Wisconsin and Elmer E. Barlow, as Commis-
sioner, etc., petitioners, v. F. W. Woolworth Company. Petition for
rehearing denied. Mr. Justice Stone took no part in the consideration
and decision of this application.
No. 46. State of Wisconsin and Elmer E. Barlow, as Commis-
sioner, etc., petitioners, v. J. C. Penney Company;
No. 48. State of Wisconsin and Elmer E. Barlow, as Commis-
sioner, etc., petitioners, v. Minnesota Mining and Manufacturing Com-
pany;

MONDAY, JANUARY 13, 1941
114
No. 468. Henry L. Lynch, petitioner, v. The Superior Court of
Los Angeles County;
No. 532. Carl F. Kortepeter, petitioner, v. The United States of
America;
No. 533. Gurney G. Derbyshire, petitioner, v. The United States
of America; and
No. 553. Joseph C. Lenihan et al., petitioners, v. The Tri-State
Telephone and Telegraph Company et al. Petitions for rehearing
denied.
The Court will take a recess from Monday, January 20, until Mon-
day, February 3, next.
No. 583. Bethlehem Shipbuilding Corporation and Bethlehem
Steel Company, petitioners, v. National Labor Relations Board. On
petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of
Appeals for the First Circuit. Dismissed on motion of counsel for
the petitioners.
No. 253. Eugene Higgins, petitioner, v. Commissioner of Internal
Revenue. Argument continued by Mr. Selden Bacon for the peti-
tioner; by Mr. Arnold Raum for the respondent; and concluded by
Mr. Selden Bacon for the petitioner.
No. 281. Weightstill Woods, Court Trustee, petitioner, v. City Na-
tional Bank and Trust Co. of Chicago et al.; and
No. 282. Weightstill Woods, Court Trustee, petitioner, v. City Na-
tional Bank and Trust Co. of Chicago et al. Argued by Mr. Weight-
still Woods for the petitioner and by Mr. Vincent O'Brien for the
respondents.
No. 212. Huron Holding Corporation et al., petitioners, v. Lin-
coln Mine Operating Company. Argued by Mr. Leonard G. Bisco
for the petitioners and case submitted by Mr. D. Worth Clark and
Mr. William H. Langroise for the respondent.
No. 255. Louis E. Roddewig, as Chairman, etc., et al., petitioners,
v. Sears, Roebuck and Co.; and
No. 256. Louis E. Roddewig, as Chairman, etc., et al., petitioners,
v. Montgomery Ward and Co., Incorporated. State Tax Commission
and Fred W. Nelson, present Chairman of the State Tax Commission,
substituted as parties petitioners in the place and stead of Iowa State
Board of Assessment and Review and Louis E. Roddewig. on motion
of Mr. John E. Mulroney for the petitioners.

MONDAY, JANUARY 13, 1941
115
No. 255. Fred W. Nelson, as Chairman, etc., et al., petitioners, v.
Sears, Roebuck and Co.; and
No. 256. Fred W. Nelson, as Chairman, etc., et al., petitioners, v.
Montgomery Ward and Co., Incorporated. Argument commenced
by Mr. John E. Mulroney for the petitioners.
Adjourned until tomorrow at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Tuesday, January 14, will be as follows: Nos. 255
(and 256), 293, 173, 201, 291, 287, 338, 274, 510 (and 511), and
327.
☑

TUESDAY, JANUARY 14, 1941
116
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: The Chief Justice, Mr. Justice McReynolds, Mr. Justice
Stone, Mr. Justice Roberts, Mr. Justice Black, Mr. Justice Reed, Mr.
Justice Frankfurter, Mr. Justice Douglas, and Mr. Justice Murphy.
Carl H. Willingham, of Washington, D. C.; Duke Duvall, of
Oklahoma City, Okla.; Thomas Garrett Logan, of Tulsa, Okla.; L.
Thomas Rice, of Los Angeles, Calif.; Jacob D. Hyman, of New
York City; Louis Sherman, of New York City; Thomas Joseph
Ryle, of Stamford, Conn.; Jack J. Miller, of Stockton, Calif.; and
Alfred B. Teton, of Chicago, Ill., were admitted to practice.
No. Ex parte Joseph J. McCarthy, petitioner. Application
submitted by Mr. Joseph J. McCarthy, pro se.
No. 205. Guy T. Helvering, Commissioner of Internal Revenue, pe-
titioner, v. Gerald A. Eubank. Time within which to file petition
for rehearing extended to and including January 21, next, on
motion of Mr. Harry H. Semmes in behalf of counsel for the
respondent.
No. 255. Fred W. Nelson, as Chairman, etc., et al., petitioners, v.
Sears, Roebuck and Co.; and
No. 256. Fred W. Nelson, as Chairman, etc., et al., petitioners, v.
Montgomery Ward and Co., Incorporated. Argument continued by
Mr. John E. Mulroney for the petitioners; by Mr. Joseph G. Gamble
for the respondent in No. 255; by Mr. Stuart S. Ball for the respond-
ent in No. 256; and concluded by Mr. John E. Mulroney for the
petitioners.
No. 293. Armour and Company, petitioner, v. The Alton Railroad
Company et al. Argued by Mr. Paul E. Blanchard for the peti-
tioner and by Mr. Douglas F. Smith for the respondents.
Adjourned until tomorrow at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Wednesday, January 15, will be as follows: Nos.
173, 201, 291, 287, 338, 274, 510 (and 511), 327, and 384.
266260-41—43
☑
J
F
1

WEDNESDAY, JANUARY 15, 1941
117
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: The Chief Justice, Mr. Justice McReynolds, Mr. Justice
Stone, Mr. Justice Roberts, Mr. Justice Black, Mr. Justice Reed, Mr.
Justice Frankfurter, Mr. Justice Douglas, and Mr. Justice Murphy.
Mack Taylor, of Fort Worth, Tex.; Clarence S. Beck, of North
Platte, Neb.; and Wayland K. Sullivan, of Cleveland, Ohio, were
admitted to practice.
No. 315. Everett Ault Evans, alias Everett A. Troglin, etc., peti-
tioner, v. The United States of America. Stipulation of counsel for the
entry of judgment and for the immediate issuance of the mandate
presented.
No. 173. Jack Walker, petitioner, v. James A. Johnston, Warden,
etc. Argued by Mr. Charles E. Wyzanski, Jr., for the petitioner and by
Mr. Herbert Weschler for the respondent.
No. 201. Leon C. Phillips, Individually and as Governor of the
State of Oklahoma, et al., etc., appellants, v. The United States of
America et al. Argument commenced by Mr. John B. Dudley for the
appellants; continued by Mr. Assistant Attorney General Shea for
the appellees; and concluded by Mr. Randall S. Cobb for the
appellants.
No. 291. Equitable Life Insurance Company of Iowa, petitioner, v.
Halsey, Stuart & Co. Argument commenced by Mr. Joseph G. Gamble
for the petitioner.
Adjourned until tomorrow at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Thursday, January 16, will be as follows: Nos. 291,
287, 338, 274, 510 (and 511), 364, 327, and 384.
Х
266260-41- -44

THURSDAY, JANUARY 16, 1941
118
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: The Chief Justice, Mr. Justice McReynolds, Mr. Justice
Stone, Mr. Justice Roberts, Mr. Justice Black, Mr. Justice Reed, Mr.
Justice Frankfurter, Mr. Justice Douglas, and Mr. Justice Murphy.
J. Jerome Kaplon, of Summit, N. J.; M. Carlisle Farber, of Mar-
shalltown, Iowa; Paul McLennan Roca, of Tucson, Ariz.; Enrique
Campos de Toro, of San Juan, P. R.; Juan Enrique Geigel, of San
Juan, P. R.; Hugh M. Foster, Jr., of Los Angeles, Calif.; and Robert
L. Werner, of New York City, were admitted to practice.
No. 291. Equitable Life Insurance Company of Iowa, petitioner,
v. Halsey, Stuart & Co. Argument continued by Mr. Joseph G.
Gamble for the petitioner and concluded by Mr. Edward R. Johnston
for the respondent.
No. 287. Earl Russell Browder, petitioner, v. The United States of
America. Argued by Mr. Carl S. Stern for the petitioner and by
Mr. John T. Cahill for the respondent. Leave granted petitioner to
file a reply brief by Monday next.
"
No. 338. Welwel Warszower, alias "Robert William Wiener," etc.,
petitioner, v. The United States of America. Argument commenced
by Mr. Osmond K. Fraenkel for the petitioner.
Adjourned until tomorrow at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Friday, January 17, will be as follows: Nos. 338,
364, 384, and 327.
266260-41-45
☑

FRIDAY, JANUARY 17, 1941
119
Friday, January 17, 1941
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present The Chief Justice, Mr. Justice McReynolds, Mr. Justice
Stone, Mr. Justice Roberts, Mr. Justice Black, Mr. Justice Reed, Mr.
Justice Frankfurter, Mr. Justice Douglas, and Mr. Justice Murphy.
Floyd V. Nichols, of Albert Lea, Minn.; Henry B. Friedman, of
Allentown, Pa.; David Getz, of Allentown, Pa.; Lowell M. Birrell, of
New York City; Arthur M. Gee, of Findlay, Ohio; and John J.
Wilson, of Washington, D. C., were admitted to practice.
No. 338. Welwel Warszower, alias "Robert William Wiener," etc.,
petitioner, v. The United States of America. Argument continued by
Mr. Osmond K. Fraenkel for the petitioner; by Mr. John T. Cahill
for the respondent; and concluded by Mr. Osmond K. Fraenkel for
the petitioner.
No. 364. Albert Smith, petitioner, v. Joseph O'Grady, Warden,
etc. Argued by Mr. William L. Marbury, Jr., for the petitioner and
by Mr. Clarence S. Beck for the respondent. Leave granted re-
spondent to file an additional brief within two weeks.
No. 384. Howard E. Breisch, petitioner, v. Central Railroad of
New Jersey. Argued by Mr. Fred B. Gernerd for the petitioner and
by Mr. Henry B. Friedman for the respondent.
No. 327. A. F. Rawlings, Receiver, etc., petitioner, v. Mrs. Ella M.
Ray. Argued by Mr. George P. Barse for the petitioner and case
submitted by Mr. Earl King for the respondent.
Adjourned until Monday, January 20, at 10:30 o'clock.
266260-41- -46
い

MONDAY, JANUARY 20, 1941
120
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: The Chief Justice, Mr. Justice Stone, Mr. Justice Roberts,
Mr. Justice Black, Mr. Justice Reed, Mr. Justice Frankfurter, and
Mr. Justice Murphy.
G. Maynard Smith, of Cairo, Ga.; Bob Bailey, of Russellville,
Ark.; Warren Moore, of Beaumont, Tex.; Irving Garnitz, of South
Bend, Ind.; Angela C. O'Brien, of Boston, Mass.; and O. K. Wetzel,
of Oklahoma City, Okla., were admitted to practice.
No. 22. Lewis G. Hines, Secretary of Labor and Industry of the
Commonwealth of Pennsylvania, et al., appellants, v. Bernard
Davidowitz and Vincenzo Travaglini. Appeal from the District
Court of the United States for the Middle District of Pennsylvania.
Judgment affirmed with costs. Opinion by Mr. Justice Black. Dis-
senting opinion by Mr. Justice Stone in which the Chief Justice and
Mr. Justice McReynolds concur.
No. 72. Henry J. Beal, County Attorney of Douglas County, Ne-
braska, et al., petitioner, v. Missouri Pacific Railroad Corporation in
Nebraska. On writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court
of Appeals for the Eighth Circuit. Judgment reversed with costs
and cause remanded to the District Court of the United States for
the District of Nebraska with instructions to dismiss the bill of com-
plaint. Opinion by Mr. Justice Stone. The Chief Justice, Mr. Justice
McReynolds, and Mr. Justice Stone are of opinion that the case
should be remanded to the District Court for further proceedings.
No. 78. A. C. Frost & Company, petitioner, v. Coeur D'Alene Mines
Corporation. On writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of the
State of Idaho. Judgment reversed with costs and cause remanded
to the said Supreme Court for further proceedings not inconsistent
with the opinion of this Court. Opinion by Mr. Justice McReynolds,
announced by the Chief Justice. Mr. Justice Stone concurs in the
result. Mr. Justice Douglas took no part in the consideration or
decision of this cause.
The Chief Justice said:
"The orders of the Court appear upon the list certified by the Chief
Justice and filed with the Clerk and will not be announced orally."
266260-41-
-47

MONDAY, JANUARY 20, 1941
121
No. 315. Everett Ault Evans, alias Everett A. Troglin, alias Dutch
Evans, petitioner, v. The United States of America. On writ of
certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Tenth
Circuit. Per curiam: On consideration of the stipulation between
counsel for the petitioner and the Solicitor General, the orders of
the Circuit Court of Appeals dismissing the appeal and denying
petitioner's motions to be furnished with a transcript of the record,
for an extension of time within which to file a transcript of the record
on appeal, and to remand the cause to the District Court for the
purpose of permitting him to present a motion for a new trial on
the ground of newly discovered evidence, are vacated. The cause
is remanded to the Circuit Court of Appeals with directions to
grant the petitioner reasonable extensions of time for the perfection
of his appeal and to reconsider the motion to remand when the
court shall have before it a transcript of the evidence. It is ordered
that the mandate issue forthwith.
-.
No. Ex parte Joseph J. McCarthy, petitioner. Application
denied.
No. 12, original. The United States, complainant, v. The State of
Alabama. The motion for leave to file the Bill of Complaint is
granted and process is ordered to issue returnable, Monday, March
3, next.
No. 600. John Waldon, petitioner, v. The United States of Amer-
ica. On petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit
Court of Appeals for the Seventh Circuit. The motion for leave to
proceed further herein in forma pauperis is denied for the reason.
that the Court, upon examination of the papers herein submitted,
finds no ground upon which a writ of certiorari should be issued.
The petition for writ of certiorari is therefore also denied.
No. 658. Lambiris Skiriotes, appellant, v. The State of Florida.
Further consideration of the question of the jurisdiction of this
Court in this case is postponed to the hearing of the case on the
merits.
No. 624. Phoenix Finance Corporation, petitioner, v. Iowa-Wis-
consin Bridge Company. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United
States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Eighth Circuit granted and
case assigned for argument immediately following No. 587.
No. 625. Utilities Insurance Company, petitioner, v. Charles H.
Potter and R. O. Burbridge. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
Supreme Court of the State of Oklahoma granted limited to the first
question presented by the petition for the writ and the case assigned
for argument immediately following No. 425.
L.
12
i

MONDAY JANUARY 20, 1941
122
No. 626. George W. Green, petitioner, v. John W. Holland, as
United States District Judge for the Southern District of Florida.
The motion to strike the brief of the City of Stuart is denied. The
petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of
Appeals for the Fifth Circuit is denied.
No. 612. Missouri Pacific Transportation Company et al., peti-
tioners, v. J. C. George, J. H. Lookadoo, and G. W. Lookadoo. Peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of
Appeals for the Eighth Circuit denied.
No. 614. Valley Waste Mills, petitioner, v. W. E. Page, Jr., et al.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of
Appeals for the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 619. General Motors Corporation et al., petitioners, v. Federal
Trade Commission. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United
States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit denied.
No. 621. Henry Levaur, Inc., et al., petitioners, v. National Labor
Relations Board. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Circuit Court of Appeals for the First Circuit denied.
No. 632. Detroit Trust Company (formerly Security Trust Com-
pany), a Michigan Corporation, Executor, etc., petitioner, v. Fred L.
Woodworth, Collector of Internal Revenue for the First District of
Michigan. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit
Court of Appeals for the Sixth Circuit denied.
No. 634. The Baltimore and Ohio Railroad Company, petitioner,
v. Albert C. Joseph, Administrator, etc. Petition for writ of certi-
orari to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Sixth
Circuit denied.
No. 643. Mutual Benefit Health & Accident Association, petitioner,
v. Antonia P. Miccolis. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United
States Circuit Court of Appeals for the seventh Circuit denied.
No. 651. Anchor Stove & Range Company, petitioner, v. Mont-
gomery Ward & Company, Inc. Petition for writ of certiorari to
the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Seventh Circuit
denied.
No. 12. The United States of America, petitioner, v. Appalachian
Electric Power Company;
No. 66. William B. Milliken et al., petitioners, v. Violet L. Meyer,
both Individually and as Administratrix etc.; and
No. 538. Louis Fried, petitioner, v. The United States of America.
Petitions for rehearing denied.
I
"

MONDAY, JANUARY 20, 1941
123
No. -, original. Ex parte Mary M. Hughes, petitioner. Motion
for leave to file petition for writ of mandamus presented.
No. 312. Harry R. Swanson, as Secretary of State of Nebraska,
et al., appellants, v. Gene Buck, Individually, etc., et al. Suggestion
of diminution of record and motion for a writ of certiorari submitted
by Mr. Thomas G. Haight, Mr. Louis D. Frohlich, and Mr. Herman
Finkelstein for the appellees.
The Court took a recess for the purpose of attending the inaugura-
tion of the President of the United States.
The oath of office was administered to the Honorable Franklin
Delano Roosevelt as President of the United States by the Chief
Justice, and the Court reconvened.
Adjourned until Monday, February 3, next, at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Monday, February 3, will be as follows: Nos.
274, 510 (and 511), 283, 336, 344, 349, 362 (and 363), 373, 133
(and 134), and 421 (422, 423, and 424).
Х
劃
14.31 KIME Z

MONDAY, FEBRUARY 3, 1941
124
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: The Chief Justice, Mr. Justice Stone, Mr. Justice Roberts,
Mr. Justice Black, Mr. Justice Reed, Mr. Justice Frankfurter, Mr.
Justice Douglas, and Mr. Justice Murphy.
Martin L. Mershon, of Miami, Fla.; William O. Mehrtens, of Miami,
Fla.; Eugene K. Oppenheimer, of Portland, Oreg.; David Barry
Noonan, of Portland, Maine; Paul John Carr, of Hinton, W. Va.;
Cecil A. Morgan, of Fort Worth, Tex.; Chester R. Davis, of Chicago,
Ill.; Eugene Dungan Williams, of Los Angeles, Calif.; Max Feingold,
of Los Angeles, Calif.; Otto J. Emme, of Los Angeles, Calif.; F. B.
Walker, of Fort Worth, Tex.; W. R. Fain, Jr., of Clarksville, Tenn.;
Norma L. Comstock, of Denver, Colo.; Francis V. Keesling, Jr., of
San Francisco, Calif.; Richard Clarke Smith, of Rutland, Vt.; Na-
thaniel Fensterstock, of Albany, N. Y.; and David J. Levy, of New
York City, were admitted to practice.
The Chief Justice said:
"On February 1, 1941, Mr. Justice James Clark McReynolds retired
from active service as Associate Justice of this Court. Forthright,
independent, maintaining with strength and tenacity of conviction,
his conceptions of constitutional right, he has served with distinction
upon this bench for upward of twenty-six years and has left a deep
impress upon the jurisprudence of the Court. It is hoped that, relieved
of the burden of active service, he will long enjoy his accustomed vigor
of body and mind."
No. 194. Maryland Casualty Company, petitioner, v. Pacific Coal
& Oil Company, and Joe Orteca. On writ of certiorari to the United
States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Sixth Circuit. Judgment
reversed with costs and cause remanded to the District Court of the
United States for the Northern District of Ohio. Opinion by Mr.
Justice Murphy. Mr. Justice Black did not participate in the con-
sideration or decision of this case.
No. 92. Florence Guggenheim, petitioner, v. Martha E. Rasquin,
Administratrix of the Estate of Almon Q. Rasquin, deceased. On
writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for
the Second Circuit. Judgment affirmed with costs and cause remanded
to the District Court of the United States for the Eastern District of
New York. Opinion by Mr. Justice Douglas.
266260-41-48

MONDAY, FEBRUARY 3, 1941
125
No. 486. Madeleine D. Powers, petitioner, v. Commissioner of In-
ternal Revenue. On writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit
Court of Appeals for the First Circuit. Judgment affirmed and cause
remanded to the said Circuit Court of Appeals. Opinion by Mr.
Justice Douglas.
No. 494. The United States of America, petitioner, v. Joseph T.
Ryerson and Edward L. Ryerson, Jr., as Executors of the Estate of
Mary M. Ryerson. On writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit
Court of Appeals for the Seventh Circuit. Judgment reversed and
cause remanded to the District Court of the United States for the
Northern District of Illinois for further proceedings in conformity
with the opinion of this Court. Opinion by Mr. Justice Douglas.
No. 281. Weightstill Woods, Court Trustee, petitioner, v. City Na-
tional Bank and Trust Co., of Chicago, et al.; and
No. 282. Weightstill Woods, Court Trustee, petitioner, v. City Na-
tional Bank and Trust Co., of Chicago, et al. On writs of certiorari
to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Seventh Cir-
cuit. Judgments reversed with costs and cases remanded to the Dis-
trict Court of the United States for the Northern District of Illinois
for further proceedings in conformity with the opinion of this Court.
Opinion by Mr. Justice Douglas.
No. 43. The United States of America, appellant v. William L.
Hutcheson, George Casper Ottens, et al. Appeal from the District
Court of the United States for the Eastern District of Missouri. Judg-
ment affirmed. Opinion by Mr. Justice Frankfurter. Mr. Justice
Murphy took no part in the disposition of this case. Concurring
opinion by Mr. Justice Stone. Dissenting opinion by Mr. Justice
Roberts in which the Chief Justice joins.
No. 201. Leon C. Phillips, Individually and as Governor of the
State of Oklahoma, Mac Q. Williamson, Individually, etc., et al.,
appellants, v. The United States of America, Grand River Dam
Authority, et al. Appeal from the District Court of the United
States for the Northern District of Oklahoma. Decree vacated and
cause remanded for further proceedings in conformity with the
opinion of this Court. Opinion by Mr. Justice Frankfurter.
No. 191. The United States, appellant, v. Kate B. Goltra and E.
Field Goltra, Jr., Executors of the Estate of Edward F. Goltra,
deceased; and
No. 192. Kate B. Goltra and E. Field Goltra, Jr., Executors of the
Estate of Edward F. Goltra, deceased, appellants, v. The United
States. Appeals from the Court of Claims. Judgment in No. 191
modified as indicated in the opinion of the Court and, as modified,
affirmed. Judgment in No. 192 affirmed. Opinion by Mr. Justice

MONDAY, FEBRUARY 3, 1941
126
Reed. The Chief Justice and Mr. Justice Black took no part in
the consideration and decision of these appeals.
No. 253. Eugene Higgins, petitioner, v. Commissioner of Internal
Revenue. On writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court
of Appeals for the Second Circuit. Judgment affirmed and cause
remanded to the said Circuit Court of Appeals. Opinion by Mr.
Justice Reed.
No. 180. Superior Bath House Company, appellant, v. Z. M. Mc-
Carroll, Commissioner of Revenues for the State of Arkansas.
Appeal from the Supreme Court of the State of Arkansas. Judg-
ment affirmed with costs. Opinion by Mr. Justice Black. Con-
curring opinion by Mr. Justice Stone in which Mr. Justice Roberts
joins. Mr. Justice Frankfurter while agreeing with the Court's opin-
ion also agrees with the view expressed in the opinion of Mr. Justice
Stone.
No. 212. Huron Holding Corporation and National Surety Cor-
poration, petitioners, v. Lincoln Mine Operating Company. On
writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for
the Ninth Circuit. Judgment of the Circuit Court of Appeals
reversed with costs and the judgments of the District Court affirmed
and cause remanded to the District Court of the United States for
the District of Idaho. Opinion by Mr. Justice Black.
No. 293. Armour and Company, petitioner, v. The Alton Railroad
Company et al. On writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit
Court of Appeals for the Seventh Circuit. Judgment affirmed with
costs and cause remanded to the District Court of the United States
for the Northern District of Illinois. Opinion by Mr. Justice Black.
No. 120. Howard S. Palmer, James Lee Loomis, and Henry B.
Sawyer, Trustees, etc., petitioners, v. Webster and Atlas National Bank
of Boston, Trustee. On writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit
Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit. Judgment of the Circuit
Court of Appeals reversed with costs and judgment of the District
Court affirmed and cause remanded to the District Court of the United
States for the District of Connecticut. Opinion by Mr. Justice Roberts.
No. 242. Philadelphia Company and Certain Underliers, peti-
tioners, v. Walter L. Dipple, James P. McArdle, et al.; and
No. 243. Philadelphia Company and Certain Underliers, peti-
tioners, v. Walter L. Dipple, James P. McArdle, et al. On writs of cer-
tiorari to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Third
Circuit. Judgments affirmed with costs and cases remanded to the
District Court of the United States for the Western District of Penn-
sylvania. Opinion by Mr. Justice Roberts.
No. 82. The United States of America,
Lumber Company and Fred W. Darby.
Court of the United States for the Southern District of Georgia.
appellant, v. F. W. Darby
Appeal from the District

MONDAY, FEBRUARY 3, 1941
127
Judgment reversed and cause remanded to the said District Court for
further proceedings in conformity with the opinion of this Court.
Opinion by Mr. Justice Stone.
No. 330. Opp Cotton Mills, Inc., et al., petitioners, v. Administrator
of the Wage and Hour Division of the Department of Labor. On writ
of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the
Fifth Circuit. Judgment affirmed and cause remanded to the said
Circuit Court of Appeals. Opinion by Mr. Justice Stone.
No. 200. Reconstruction Finance Corporation, petitioner, v. J. G.
Menihan Corp., J. G. Menihan, Sr., and J. G. Menihan, Jr. On writ
of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the
Second Circuit. Judgment affirmed with costs and cause remanded
to the District Court of the United States for the Western District of
New York. Opinion by Mr. Chief Justice Hughes. Mr. Justice
Black took no part in the consideration and decision of this case.
No. 245. The United States of America, appellant, v. J. W. Gilli-
land, Ralph Gilliland, Fred A. Williams, et al. Appeal from the
District Court of the United States for the Eastern District of Texas.
Judgment sustaining the demurrer to counts 2 to 11, inclusive, re-
versed and cause remanded to said District Court for further pro-
ceedings in conformity with the opinion of this Court. Opinion by
Mr. Chief Justice Hughes. Mr. Justice Murphy took no part in the
consideration and decision of this case.
No. 327. A. F. Rawlings, Receiver of the Lee County National
Bank, Marianna, Arkansas, petitioner, v. Mrs. Ella M. Ray. On writ
of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the
Eighth Circuit. Judgment reversed with costs and cause remanded
to the District Court of the United States for the Eastern District of
Arkansas for further proceedings in conformity with the opinion of
this Court. Opinion by Mr. Chief Justice Hughes.
The Chief Justice announced the following orders of the Court:
No. 689. State of Ohio, ex rel. S. H. Squire, etc., Superintendent of
Banks in Charge of the Liquidation of The Guardian Trust Company,
appellant, v. Minnie N. Brown, Aetna Life Insurance Company, et al.
Appeal from the Supreme Court of the State of Ohio. Per curiam:
The motion to dismiss is granted and the appeal is dismissed for want
of a properly presented federal question: (1) Cleveland & Pittsburgh
R. Co. v. Cleveland, 235 U. S. 50, 53; Hiawassee Power Co. v. Carolina-
Tenn. Co., 252 U. S. 341, 344; White River Co. v. Arkansas, 279 U. S.
692, 700; (2) Zadig v. Baldwin, 166 U. S. 485, 488; Live Oak Water
Users' Assn. v. Railroad Commission of California, 269 U. S. 354,
357-358; Lynch v. New York, 293 U. S. 52, 54.

MONDAY, FEBRUARY 3, 1941
128
ORDER
It is ordered:
1. Pursuant to the Act of June 29, 1940 (Public, No. 675, 76th
Congress), the Court will undertake the preparation of rules of plead-
ing, practice, and procedure with respect to proceedings prior to and
including verdict, or finding of guilty or not guilty, in criminal cases
in district courts of the United States.
2. To assist the Court in this undertaking, the Court appoints the
following Advisory Committee to serve without compensation:
Arthur T. Vanderbilt, Newark, New Jersey, Chairman.
James J. Robinson, Professor of Law at the Indiana University
Law School, Reporter.
Alexander Holtzoff, Washington, D. C., Secretary.
Newman F. Baker, Professor of Law at the Northwestern Uni-
versity Law School.
George James Burke, Ann Arbor, Michigan.
John J. Burns, Boston, Massachusetts.
Frederick E. Crane, New York City.
Gordon Dean, Washington, D. C.
George H. Dession, Professor of Law at the Yale Law School.
Sheldon Glueck, Professor of Law at the Harvard Law School.
George Z. Medalie, New York City.
Lester B. Orfield, Professor of Law at the University of Nebraska
Law School.
Murray Seasongood, Cincinnati, Ohio.
J. O. Seth, Santa Fe, New Mexico.
John B. Waite, Professor of Law at the University of Michigan
Law School.
Herbert Wechsler, Professor of Law at the Columbia Law School.
G. Aaron Youngquist, Minneapolis, Minnesota.
3. It shall be the duty of the Advisory Committee, subject to the
instructions of the Court, to prepare and submit to the Court a draft
of rules as above described.
4. During the recess of the Court the Chief Justice is authorized
to fill any vacancy in the Advisory Committee which may occur
through failure to accept appointment, resignation, or otherwise.
5. The Advisory Committee shall at all times be directly respon-
sible to the Court. The Committee shall not incur expense or make
any financial commitments except upon the approval of the Court
as certified by the Chief Justice or upon his order during a recess of
the Court.

MONDAY, FEBRUARY 3, 1941
The Chief Justice said:
129
"The other orders of the Court appear upon the list certified by the
Chief Justice and filed with the Clerk and will not be announced
orally."
No. 11, original. State of Kansas, complainant, v. State of Mis-
souri. Honorable Dean G. Acheson, having accepted appointment
as Assistant Secretary of State of the United States, has resigned
as Special Master in this case and his resignation has been accepted.
No. Joseph Poresky, petitioner, v. Joseph E. Ely. The motion
for leave to file application is granted. The application is denied.
No. Frank E. Stoehr, petitioner, v. The State of Minnesota.
Application denied.
-
No. Ex parte Bernard L. Swirsky, petitioner. The motion to
direct the Clerk to amend the roll of attorneys to show the change
of name of Bernard L. Swirsky to "Bernard L. Swerland" is granted.
No., original. Ex parte Joseph F. Koleg, petitioner ;
No., original. Ex parte C. E. Phillips, petitioner ;
No., original. Ex parte J. B. King, petitioner ;
No. -, original. Ex parte Orville Chester Garrison, petitioner.
The motions for leave to file petitions for writs of habeas corpus
are denied.
No., original. Ex parte Mary M. Hughes, petitioner. The
motion for leave to file petition for writ of mandamus is denied.
No. 344. Margaret Conway, petitioner, v. George H. O'Brien. The
motion of respondent to dismiss is denied.
No. 579. William Henry Odom, petitioner, v. A. C. Aderhold,
Warden, etc. On petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Circuit Court of Appeals for the Tenth Circuit;
No. 608. Walter B. Mitchell, petitioner, v. Board of Governors
of Washington State Bar Association. On petition for writ of cer-
tiorari to the Supreme Court of the State of Washington;
No. 642. Virgil C. Crites, petitioner, v. Albert A. Radtke, Leonard
Day, et al. On petition for writ of certiorari to the United States.
Circuit Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit ;
No. 645. Emeline Monfils, Administratrix, etc., petitioner, v.
W. L. Hazelwood et al. On petition for writ of certiorari to the
Supreme Court of the State of North Carolina;
No. 635. Arthur Weld and Lorine Kinz, petitioners, v. The People
of the State of California. On petition for writ of certiorari to
the Superior Court, County of Alameda;
No. 565. James A. Lovvorn, petitioner, v. James A. Johnston,
Warden, etc. On petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Circuit Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit; and

MONDAY, FEBRUARY 3, 1941
130
No. 664. Steve Kmecak, petitioner, v. Warden William Hunt,
Attica, New York. On petition for writ of certiorari to the Su-
preme Court of the State of New York. The motions for leave to
proceed further herein in forma pauperis are denied for the reason
that the Court, upon examination of the papers herein submitted,
finds no ground upon which writs of certiorari should be issued.
The petitions for writs of certiorari are therefore also denied.
No. 312. Harry R. Swanson, as Secretary of State of Nebraska
et al., appellants, v. Gene Buck, Individually, etc., et al. Pursuant
to paragraph (c) of Rule 75 of the Rules of Civil Procedure and
without prejudice to the future application of paragraph (e) of
Rule 75, the motion of the appellees for a writ of certiorari to cor-
rect a diminution of the record is granted with respect to items 1 to
57 inclusive. The motion is also granted with respect to items 58
to 62 inclusive so far as the certification of docket entries and desig-
nations is concerned, which, however, are to be dispensed with in
printing.
No. 676. Caskey Baking Company, Inc., appellant v. Common-
wealth of Virginia; and
No. 686. George C. Reitz, appellant, v. Carroll E. Mealey, as Com-
missioner, etc. In these cases probable jurisdiction is noted.
No. 629. Sterling P. Harris, Administrator, etc., petitioner, v.
Zion's Saving Bank and Trust Company. Petition for writ of cer-
tiorari to the Supreme Court of the State of Utah granted.
No. 654. Department of Treasury of the State of Indiana et al.,
etc., petitioners, v. The Wood Preserving Corporation. Petition for
writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals
for the Seventh Circuit granted.
No. 655. Department of Treasury of the State of Indiana et al.,
etc., petitioners, v. Ingram-Richardson Manufacturing Company of
Indiana, Inc. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States.
Circuit Court of Appeals for the Seventh Circuit granted.
No. 666. Detrola Radio and Television Corporation, petitioner, v.
Hazeltine Corporation. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United
States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Sixth Circuit granted.
No. 636. Isidore H. Schweidel, petitioner, v. Lehigh Valley Rail-
road Company et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the District
Court of the United States for the Eastern District of Pennsylvania
denied. Mr. Justice Douglas took no part in the consideration and
decision of this application.
No. 637. Meyer Abrams, petitioner, v. Lehigh Valley Railroad
Company et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the District Court
of the United States for the Eastern District of Pennsylvania denied.

MONDAY, FEBRUARY 3, 1941
131
Mr. Justice Douglas took no part in the consideration and decision of
this application.
No. 657. William J. Brennan, petitioner, v. The Baltimore and
Ohio Railroad Company. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United
States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit denied. Mr.
Justice Black is of the opinion that the petition for certiorari should be
granted.
No. 633. Michael Pecoraro and Sam Gross, petitioners, v. The
United States of America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United
States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit denied.
No. 639. John Stern et al., Committee of Wage Earners of Debtor,
petitioners, v. Pennsylvania Central Brewing Co., Bankrupt. Petition
for writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals
for the Third Circuit denied.
No. 646. Martha H. Olin, as Administratrix etc., petitioner, v. New
England Life Insurance Company of Boston, Massachusetts. Petition
for writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for
the Seventh Circuit denied.
No. 650. Fuhrman & Forster Company, petitioner, v. Commissioner
of Internal Revenue. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United
States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Seventh Circuit denied.
No. 652. Farmers Underwriters Association, petitioner, v. Scott
Carter, as Administrator etc. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit denied.
No. 653. Atlas Milling Company, petitioner, v. Henry C. Jones,
Collector of Internal Revenue. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Tenth Circuit denied.
No. 656. Ingram-Richardson Manufacturing Company of Indiana,
Inc., petitioner, v. Department of Treasury of the State of Indiana,
et al., etc. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit
Court of Appeals for the Seventh Circuit denied.
No. 649. Allied Bridge and Construction Company, petitioner, v.
Danville Sanitary District. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Seventh Circuit denied.
No. 660. Burley Irrigation District, petitioner, v. Harold L. Ickes,
Secretary of the Interior. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United
States Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia denied.
No. 665. Albert L. Wieland, A. K. A., A. L. Wieland, as Receiver,
petitioner, v. Harry E. Page. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
Supreme Court of the State of Ohio denied.
No. 669. Peerless Equipment Company, petitioner, v. W. H. Miner,
Inc. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court
of Appeals for the Seventh Circuit denied.

MONDAY, FEBRUARY 3, 1941
132
No. 670. Sana Laboratories, Inc., et al., petitioners, v. The United
States of America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Circuit of Appeals for the Third Circuit denied.
No. 677. Kycoga Land Company, petitioner, v. Kentucky River
Coal Corporation. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Circuit Court of Appeals for the Sixth Circuit denied.
No. 682. Mrs. Mary Bryan Gorham, petitioner, v. Mutual Benefit
Health and Accident Association of Omaha. Petition for writ of
certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Fourth
Circuit denied.
No. 703. Edward Guerin, petitioner, v. Hazel M. Griefen. Petition
for writ of certiorari to the Appellate Court, First District, State of
Illinois, denied.
No. 9. The Schriber-Schroth Company, petitioner, v. The Cleve-
land Trust Company, Chrysler Corporation;
No. 10. The Aberdeen Motor Supply Company, petitioner, v. The
Cleveland Trust Company, Chrysler Corporation; and
No. 11. The F. E. Rowe Sales Company, petitioner, v. The Cleve-
land Trust Company, Chrysler Corporation. Ordered that the opin-
ion in these cases be amended as follows:
1. Strike from the second complete paragraph, page 2, lines 5 and 6,
the phrases "one of several claims" and "which the Court sustained”.
2. In line 18 of the same paragraph substitute the word "one" for
the word "another".
3. In the fourth line from the bottom of page 3 insert the words.
"without prejudice" before the word "of".
4. Modify the third, fourth, and fifth lines from the bottom of
the first complete paragraph on page 9 to read: "found the elements
of the invention which it described but in which, absent the flexible
webb element, it found no invention. In view of such want of in-
vention and of the prior art the only material difference between
the amended and the allowed claims is the presence in the former
of the flexible webb element and, in consequence of the surrender of
the former particularizing”.
The petition for rehearing and the motion to remand are denied.
No. 112. W. E. Floyd, Mrs. J. A. Winans, Independent Executrix
etc., et al., petitioners, v. J. T. Eggleston et al. The motion for leave
to file petition for rehearing is granted. The petition for rehearing
is denied.
No. 38. Howard S. Palmer, et al., Trustees etc., petitioners, v. Con-
necticut Railway & Lighting Company;
No. 74. Lewis K. Stoner, petitioner, v. New York Life Insurance
Company;
266260-41- 49

MONDAY, FEBRUARY 3, 1941
133
No. 205. Guy T. Helvering, Commissioner of Internal Revenue,
petitioner, v. Gerald A. Eubank;
No. 399. James E. Blaydes et al., appellants, v. C. H. Little & Com-
pany et al.; and
No. 545. Locke Miller, petitioner, v. Michael J. Kirwan. Petitions
☐ for rehearing denied.
No.
original. Ex parte Cleio Hull, petitioner. Return to the
rule to show cause presented.
No. 504. Elton B. McFarland, petitioner, v. West Coast Life In-
surance Company et al. On petition for writ of certiorari to the
United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit. Dis-
missed per stipulation of counsel.
No. 274. Herbert H. Maass, as Sole Surviving Executor etc., peti-
tioner, v. Joseph T. Higgins, Collector of Internal Revenue for the
Third District of New York. Argued by Mr. Homer S. Cummings
for the petitioner and by Mr. Richard H. Demuth for the respondent.
No. 510. Estate of Cordelia Y. Abendroth, City Bank Farmers
Trust Company, as Executor, etc., petitioner, v. Commissioner of
Internal Revenue; and
No. 511. Estate of Kate Read Blacque, City Bank Farmers Trust
Company, as Executor etc., petitioner, v. Commissioner of Internal
Revenue. Argued by Mr. Rollin Browne for the petitioners and by
Mr. Richard H. Demuth for the respondent.
Adjourned until tomorrow at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Tuesday, February 4, will be as follows: Nos. 283,
336, 344, 349, 373, 133 (and 134), 421 (422, 423, and 424), 251,
537, and 377.
☑

TUESDAY, FEBRUARY 4, 1941
134
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: The Chief Justice, Mr. Justice Stone, Mr. Justice Roberts,
Mr. Justice Black, Mr. Justice Reed, Mr. Justice Frankfurter,
Mr. Justice Douglas, and Mr. Justice Murphy.
Philip Sherman, of New York City; Sidney S. McMath, of Hot
Springs, Ark.; Bernard L. Bermant, of New York City; John
Adams, of Cleveland, Ohio; Heber Finch, of Sapulpa, Okla.; Leroy
G. Denman, of San Antonio, Tex.; Harris K. Lyle, of Gallup, N.
Mex.; Kennedy Campbell Watkins, of Washington, D. C.; Hugh
Kemp Clark, of Wilmington, Del.; David Walker Richmond, of
Washington, D. C.; Charles M. Trammell, Jr., of Washington,
D. C.; W. E. Green, of Tulsa, Okla.; Harry M. Plotkin, of Chicago,
Ill.; and Henry R. Bishop, of Detroit, Mich., were admitted to
practice.
No. 283. Railroad Commission of Texas, Lon A. Smith, et al.,
appellants, v. The Pullman Company, Guy A. Thompson, Trustee,
et al. Argument commenced by Mr. Cecil A. Morgan for the appel-
lants, Cunningham et al.; continued by Mr. Cecil C. Rotsch for
appellants, Railroad Commission of Texas et al.; by Mr. Ireland
Graves for the appellees; and concluded by Mr. Cecil C. Rotsch for
appellants, Railroad Commission of Texas et al.
No. 336. Leroy A. Berry, petitioner, v. The United States of Amer-
ica. Argument commenced by Mr. Ernest W. Gibson, Jr., for the
petitioner; continued by Mr. Warner W. Gardner for the respondent;
and concluded by Mr. C. L. Dawson for the petitioner.
No. 344. Margaret Conway, petitioner, v. George H. O'Brien.
Argument commenced by Mr. Paul E. Lesh for the petitioner.
Adjourned until tomorrow at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Wednesday, February 5, will be as follows: Nos.
344, 349, 373, 133 (and 134), 421 (422, 423, and 424), 251, 537,
377, 268 (and 269), and 425.
Х
266260-41--50

WEDNESDAY, FEBRUARY 5, 1941
135
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
349
Present: The Chief Justice, Mr. Justice Stone, Mr. Justice Roberts,
Mr. Justice Black, Mr. Justice Reed, Mr. Justice Frankfurter, Mr.
Justice Douglas, and Mr. Justice Murphy.
Roger P. Marquis, of New York City; Paul Leahy, of Wilmington,
Del.; Robert M. Vaughan, of Glasgow, Ky.; Vernon L. Wilkinson, of
Okanogan, Wash.; Perry E. O'Neal, of Indianapolis, Ind.; Harold B.
Hood, of Indianapolis, Ind.; Patrick J. Smith, of Indianapolis, Ind.;
Frederick J. Gassert, of Harrison, N. J.; David A. Watts, of Chicago,
Ill.; David Barnett, of New York City; and Hugh L. M. Cole, of New
York City, were admitted to practice.
No. 344. Margaret Conway, petitioner, v. George H. O'Brien.
Argument continued by Mr. Paul E. Lesh for the petitioner and con-
cluded by Mr. Edwin W. Lawrence for the respondent.
No. 439. E. A. Kelleam, Nell Southard, et al., petitioners, v. Mary-
land Casualty Company of Baltimore, Maryland, et al. Argued by
Mr. Glenn O. Young for the petitioners; by Mr. W. E. Green for re-
spondent, Maryland Casualty Company of Baltimore, Maryland; and
by Mr. Heber Finch for respondents, Mrs. Ethel Riddler, et al.
No. 373. Charlotte Cross Just and Anne Elise Gruner, petitioners,
v. Alma Chambers, as Executrix, etc. Argument commenced by Mr.
W. O. Mehrtens for the petitioners, and continued by Mr. Raymond
Parmer for the respondent.
Adjourned until tomorrow at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Thursday, February 6, will be as follows: Nos.
373, 133 (and 134), 421 (422, 423, and 424), 251, 537, 377, 268
(and 269), 425, 625, and 369.
Х
266260-41-51

THURSDAY, FEBRUARY 6, 1941
136
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: The Chief Justice, Mr. Justice Stone, Mr. Justice Roberts,
Mr. Justice Black, Mr. Justice Reed, Mr. Justice Frankfurter, Mr.
Justice Douglas, and Mr. Justice Murphy.
Roy C. Hackley, Jr., of San Francisco, Calif.; Stewart L. Whit-
man, of New York City; Cecil C. Hamilton, of Oklahoma City,
Okla.; Lowell M. Toole, of Indianapolis, Ind.; Alvin B. Hutzler, of
Richmond, Va.; and Warren H. F. Schmieding, of Columbus, Ohio,
were admitted to practice.
No. 373. Charlotte Cross Just and Anne Elise Gruner, petitioners,
v. Alma Chambers, as Executrix etc. Argument continued by Mr.
Raymond Parmer for the respondent and concluded by Mr. W. O.
Mehrtens for the petitioners.
No. 133. Major Raymond Lisenba, petitioner, v. The People of the
State of California; and
No. 134. Major Raymond Lisenba, petitioner, v. The People of the
State of California. Argued by Mr. Morris Lavine for the petitioner
and by Mr. Everett W. Mattoon and Mr. Eugene D. Williams for
the respondent.
No. 421. City of Indianapolis et al., petitioners, v. The Chase Na-
tional Bank of the City of New York, Trustee, etc., et al.;
No. 422. City of Indianapolis et al., petitioners, v. The Chase Na-
tional Bank of the City of New York, Trustee, etc.;
No. 423. The Chase National Bank of the City of New York,
Trustee, etc., petitioner, v. Citizens Gas Company of Indianapolis
et al.; and
No. 424. The Chase National Bank of the City of New York,
Trustee, etc., petitioner, v. The Indianapolis Gas Company et al.
Three hours and forty-five minutes allowed for the oral argument
of these cases. Argument commenced by Mr. Howard F. Burns for
the Chase National Bank of the City of New York, Trustee.
Adjourned until tomorrow at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Friday, February 7, will be as follows: Nos. 421
(422, 423, and 424), 251, 537, 377, 268 (and 269), 425, 625, 369,
400 (and 444), and 257.
☑
266260-41-52

FRIDAY, FEBRUARY 7, 1941
137
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present The Chief Justice, Mr. Justice Stone, Mr. Justice Roberts,
Mr. Justice Black, Mr. Justice Reed, Mr. Justice Frankfurter, Mr.
Justice Douglas, and Mr. Justice Murphy.
Harold Boxer, of New York City; Wm. A. Hyman, of New York
City; Charles A. Van Patten, of New York City; Marion C. Toomey,
of Washington, D. C.; Edward Hale Julien, of San Francisco, Calif.;
William E. Crane, of Saginaw, Mich.; Barnaby A. Wendrow, of
Mount Pleasant, Mich.; James Nevins Hyde, of New York City;
and Charles Russell Packard, of Chicago, Ill., were admitted to
practice.
No. 319. Charles Sherwin, petitioner, v. The United States of
America; and
No. 320. Joseph P. Sheridan, petitioner, v. The United States of
America. Confession of error and motion to reverse and remand
submitted by Mr. Solicitor General Biddle for the respondent, in
support of the motion, and by Mr. Charles M. Trammell, Jr., for the
petitioners, in opposition thereto.
No. 609. Bennie Valenta Scott, petitioner, v. The United States
of America. Motion for an extension of time within which to file
petition for rehearing submitted by Mr. C. L. McGuire for the
petitioner.
No. 421. City of Indianapolis et al., petitioners, v. The Chase
National Bank of the City of New York, Trustee, etc., et al.;
No. 422. City of Indianapolis et al., petitioners, v. The Chase
National Bank of the City of New York, Trustee, etc.;
No. 423. The Chase National Bank of the City of New York,
Trustee, etc., petitioner, v. Citizens Gas Company of Indianapolis et
al.; and
No. 424. The Chase National Bank of the City of New York,
Trustee, etc., petitioner, v. The Indianapolis Gas Company et al.
Argument continued by Mr. William H. Thompson for the City of
Indianapolis; by Mr. William G. Sparks for the Citizens Gas Com-
pany; by Mr. Louis B. Ewbank and Mr. William R. Higgins for the
266260-41——53

FRIDAY, FEBRUARY 7, 1941
138
Indianapolis Gas Co.; and concluded by Mr. Howard F. Burns for
the Chase National Bank of the City of New York, Trustee.
No. 251. Millinery Creator's Guild, Inc., et al., petitioners, v.
Federal Trade Commission. Argument commenced by Mr. Lowell
M. Birrell for the petitioners.
Adjourned until Monday, next, at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Monday, February 10, will be as follows: Nos. 251,
537, 377, 268 (and 269), 425, 625, 369, 400 (and 444), 257,
and 516.
☑

MONDAY, FEBRUARY 10, 1941
139
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: The Chief Justice, Mr. Justice Stone, Mr. Justice Roberts,
Mr. Justice Black, Mr. Justice Reed, Mr. Justice Frankfurter, Mr.
Justice Douglas, and Mr. Justice Murphy.
George H. Butler, of Silver Spring, Md.; M. Neil Andrews, of
La Fayette, Ga.; Philip Zierler, of Brooklyn, N. Y.; Oscar Fendler,
of Blytheville, Ark.; Homer H. Cowan, of Norman, Okla.; Theo-
dore E. Larson, of New York City; Elizabeth A. Gerber Travis, of
Washington, D. C.; Carl S. Kegley, of Los Angeles, Calif.; Graham
Lee Sterling, Jr., of Los Angeles, Calif.; A. Joseph Shapiro, of Los
Angeles, Calif.; and Walter B. Hamlin, of New Orleans, La., were
admitted to practice.
The Chief Justice said:
"It is with deep grief that I announce the passing on Saturday
last of our brother, Mr. Justice Willis Van Devanter, who was in
active service as an Associate Justice of this Court for upwards of
26 years. Learned in the law, he brought to this bench the special
qualifications of a wide judicial experience and his service here was
of exceptional distinction. He was a man of sterling character and of
rare sagacity, a wise counselor and a faithful friend.
"The funeral services will be held tomorrow (Tuesday) at 2:30
o'clock in the afternoon at the Church of the Epiphany. The mem-
bers of the Court will be in attendance.
"At the conclusion of the arguments in the case now being heard.
and in a companion case, in which counsel have come from a distance,
the Court will rise and in tribute to the memory of our late brother
will stand adjourned until Wednesday noon."
No. 1. Milk Wagon Drivers Union of Chicago, Local 753, a Volun-
tary Unincorporated Association, et al., petitioners, v. Meadowmoor
Dairies, Inc. On writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of the State
of Illinois. Judgment affirmed with costs. Opinion by Mr. Justice
Frankfurter. Dissenting opinion by Mr. Justice Black in which Mr.
Justice Douglas concurs. Dissenting opinion by Mr. Justice Reed.
266260-41-54

MONDAY, FEBRUARY 10, 1941
140
No. 56. American Federation of Labor, John Fitzpatrick, Chicago
Federation of Labor, et al., petitioners, v. Ross W. Swing, Irene
Boivin, Nan Chapman, et al. On writ of certiorari to the Supreme
Court of the State of Illinois. Judgment reversed with costs and
cause remanded to the said Supreme Court for further proceedings
not inconsistent with the opinion of this Court. Opinion by Mr.
Justice Frankfurter. Mr. Justice Black and Mr. Justice Douglas con-
cur in the result. Dissenting opinion by Mr. Justice Roberts in which
the Chief Justice joins.
No. 173. Jack Walker, petitioner, v. James A. Johnston, Warden,
United States Penitentiary, Alcatraz, California. On writ of certi-
orari to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Ninth
Circuit. Judgment reversed and cause remanded to the District Court
of the United States for the Northern District of California for fur-
ther proceedings in conformity with the opinion of this Court.
Opinion by Mr. Justice Roberts.
The Chief Justice announced the following orders of the Court:
No. 319. Charles Sherwin, petitioner, v. The United States of
America; and
No. 320. Joseph P. Sheridan, petitioner, v. The United States of
America. On writs of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court
of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit. Per curiam: On the Government's
confession of error, its motion to reverse is granted. The judgments
are reversed, and the causes are remanded to the Circuit Court of
Appeals with directions to consider the sufficiency of the evidence to
support the verdicts, and petitioners' assignment of error with respect
to the argument of the Assistant United States Attorney without
regard to any technical deficiency in its phraseology.
No. 708. Philadelphia-Detroit Lines, Inc., appellant, v. Burr H.
Simpson, Individually and as State Road Commissioner of the State
of West Virginia, et al. Appeal from the District Court of the
United States for the Southern District of West Virginia. Per
curiam: The motion to affirm is granted and the judgment is affirmed.
Maurer v. Hamilton, 309 U. S. 598, 603–604; South Carolina High-
way Dept. v. Barnwell Bros., 303 U. S. 177.
The Chief Justice said:
"The other orders of the Court appear upon the list certified by
the Chief Justice and filed with the Clerk and will not be announced
orally."

MONDAY, FEBRUARY 10, 1941
141
No. 13, original. Ex parte William H. Lockhart, petitioner. The
motion for leave to file petition for writ of certiorari is granted. The
motion for leave to proceed further herein in forma pauperis is denied
for the reason that the Court, upon examination of the papers herein
submitted, finds no ground upon which a writ of certiorari should be
issued. The petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Cir-
cuit Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit is therefore also denied.
No. 11, original. State of Kansas, complainant, v. State of Mis-
souri. It is ordered that Samuel M. Wilson, Esquire, of Lexing-
ton, Kentucky, be, and he is hereby, appointed Special Master in
this cause, with authority to summon witnesses, issue subpoenas, and
to take such evidence as may be introduced and such as he may deem
it necessary to call for. The Master is directed to make findings of
fact and conclusions of law, and to submit the same to this Court
with all convenient speed, together with his recommendations for a
decree. The findings, conclusions, and recommendations of the Mas-
ter shall be subject to consideration, revision, or approval by the
Court. The Master shall be allowed his actual expenses and a reason-
able compensation for his services to be fixed hereafter by the Court.
The allowances to him, the compensation paid to his stenographic and
clerical assistants, and the cost of printing his report shall be charged
against and be borne by the parties in such proportion as the Court
hereafter may direct. If the appointment herein made of a Master
is not accepted, or if the place becomes vacant during the recess of the
Court, the Chief Justice shall have authority to make a new designa-
tion which shall have the same effect as if originally made by the
Court herein.
No. 28. Hertha J. Sibbach, petitioner, v. Wilson & Company, Inc.
The opinion is amended by striking from the first sentence on page
7 the following words: "a litigant need not resort to the Federal
courts unless willing to comply with the rule, and that," and adding,
after the word "comply," the words “with its provisions." The peti-
tion for rehearing is denied.
No. 242. Philadelphia Company and Certain Underliers, peti-
tioners, v. Walter L. Dipple et al.; and
No. 243. Philadelphia Company and Certain Underliers, peti-
tioners, v. Walter L. Dipple et al. Ordered that the opinion in these
cases be amended as follows:
In the second full sentence on page 6 of the opinion, strike out the
words "the corporate identity of the companies whose lines have gone
into this system should be ignored and," and add after the word
"business," and before the word "treated," the words "should be."
No. 609. Bennie Valenta Scott, petitioner, v. The United States of
America. The motion for an extension of time within which to file
a petition for rehearing is denied.

MONDAY, FEBRUARY 10, 1941
142
No. 627. Guy T. Helvering, Commissioner of Internal Revenue,
petitioner, v. William Flaccus Oak Leather Company. Petition for
writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for
the Third Circuit granted.
No. 678. The Baltimore and Ohio Railroad Company, petitioner, v.
Frederick S. Kepner. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme
Court of the State of Ohio granted.
No. 408. City Bank Farmers Trust Company, as Trustee, etc., peti-
tioner, v. Commissioner of Internal Revenue; and
No. 409. City Bank Farmers Trust Company, as Trustee, etc., peti-
tioner, v. Commissioner of Internal Revenue. Petition for writs of
certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the
Second Circuit granted.
No. 60. Guadalupe Cantu, petitioner, v. The State of Texas. The
motion to proceed on typewritten papers is granted. The petition
for writ of certiorari to the Court of Criminal Appeals of the State
of Texas is denied.
No. 136. C and C Ice Cream Company, Inc., petitioner, v. Ewing-
Von Allmen Dairy Company and National Ice Cream Company.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of
Appeals for the Sixth Circuit denied. Mr. Justice Roberts took no
part in the consideration and decision of this application.
No. 661. Ford Motor Company, petitioner, v. National Labor Re-
lations Board. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Circuit Court of Appeals for the Sixth Circuit denied. Mr. Justice
Murphy took no part in the consideration and decision of this
application.
No. 662. S. L. Nudelman, Director of Finance of the State of Illi-
nois, petitioner, v. Globe Varnish Company. Petition for writ of
certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Sev-
enth Circuit denied for the want of jurisdiction. Davis v. Preston,
280 U. S. 406.
No. 187. Frank G. Rath, Individually, etc., et al., petitioners, v.
Pearl E. Crosby. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court
of the State of Ohio denied.
No. 685. William H. Kniffin, as Trustee, etc., petitioner, v. State
of New York. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Claims
of the State of New York denied.
No. 690. James Van Gilder, petitioner, v. American Surety Com-
pany of New York. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United
States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Sixth Circuit denied.
No. 711. George S. May, d. b. a. George S. May Company, peti-
tioner, v. George V. R. Mulligan. Petition for writ of certiorari to

MONDAY, FEBRUARY 10, 1941
143
the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Sixth Circuit
denied.
No. 87. Mikhail Nicholas Gorin, petitioner, v. The United States
of America;
No. 88. Hafix Salich, petitioner, v. The United States of America;
No. 188. The United States, petitioner, v. Cowden Manufacturing
Company;
No. 352. Sunshine Mining Company, petitioner, v. National Labor
Relations Board;
No. 589. A. A. Newhouse, J. R. Mason, and Mary E. Morris, peti-
tioners, v. Corcoran Irrigation District;
No. 591. Pacific National Bank of San Francisco, petitioner, v.
Merced Irrigation District; and
No. 622. The Dravo Contracting Company, petitioner, v. Ernest
K. James, as an Individual, etc. Petitions for rehearing denied.
The Court will take a recess from Monday, February 17, until
Monday, March 3, next.
No. 251. Millinery Creator's Guild, Inc., et al., petitioners, v. Fed-
eral Trade Commission. Argument continued by Mr. Solicitor Gen-
eral Biddle for the respondent and concluded by Mr. Lowell M.
Birrell for the petitioners.
No. 537. Fashion Originators' Guild of America, Inc., et al., peti-
tioners, v. Federal Trade Commission. Argued by Mr. Charles B.
Rugg for the petitioners and by Mr. Solicitor General Biddle for the
respondent.
Adjourned until Wednesday, next, at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Wednesday, February 12, will be as follows: Nos.
377, 268 (and 269), 425, 625, 369, 400 (and 444), 257, 516, 442,
and 437.

WEDNESDAY, FEBRUARY 12, 1941
144
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: The Chief Justice, Mr. Justice Stone, Mr. Justice Roberts,
Mr. Justice Black, Mr. Justice Reed, Mr. Justice Frankfurter, Mr.
Justice Douglas, and Mr. Justice Murphy.
Nowlin Randolph, of Houston, Tex.; Bruce B. Krost, of Cleveland,
Ohio; and John L. Crawford, of Fort Worth, Tex., were admitted to
practice.
No. 377. Hiram R. Edwards, petitioner, v. The United States of
America. Argued by Mr. J. Forrest McCutcheon for the petitioner
and by Mr. Richard H. Demuth for the respondent.
No. 268. Missouri-Kansas Pipe Line Company, appellant, v. The
United States of America, Columbia Gas and Electric Corporation,
et al.; and
No. 269. Panhandle Eastern Pipe Line Company, appellant, v. The
United States of America, Columbia Gas and Electric Corporation,
et al. Three hours allowed for oral argument. Argument com-
menced by Mr. Arthur G. Logan for the appellants and continued
by Mr. Douglas M. Moffat for the appellee, Columbia Gas and Elec-
tric Corporation; by Mr. William H. Button for the appellee, Colum-
bia Oil and Gasoline Corporation; and by Mr. Robert J. Bulkley for
the appellants.
Adjourned until tomorrow at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Thursday, February 13, will be as follows: Nos.
268 (and 269), 425, 625, 369, 400 (and 444), 257, 516, 442, and
447.
266260-41-55
☑

THURSDAY, FEBRUARY 13, 1941
145
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: The Chief Justice, Mr. Justice Stone, Mr. Justice Roberts,
Mr. Justice Black, Mr. Justice Reed, Mr. Justice Frankfurter, Mr.
Justice Douglas, and Mr. Justice Murphy.
Jacob Marker Dern of Richmond, Va.; Lawrence J. Eckstrom, of
Boston, Mass.; Parker Parker, of Dardanelle, Ark.; Zebulon H.
Stafford, of Easton, Md.; and John Ross Lauer, of New York City,
were admitted to practice.
No. 268. Missouri-Kansas Pipe Line Company, appellant, v. The
United States of America, Columbia Gas and Electric Corporation,
et al.; and
No. 269. Panhandle Eastern Pipe Line Company, appellant, v. The
United States of America, Columbia Gas and Electric Corporation,
et al. Argument continued by Mr. Robert J. Bulkley for the ap-
pellants and concluded by Mr. James H. Lee for the City of Detroit,
as amicus curiae, by special leave of Court, and case submitted by
Mr. Attorney General Jackson and Mr. Assistant Attorney General
Arnold for the appellee, the United States of America.
No. 425. The Metropolitan Casualty Insurance Company of New
York, petitioner, v. Frank Stevens et al. Argued by Mr. Alan W.
Boyd for the petitioner; by Mr. B. A. Wendrow for respondent,
Stevens; and by Mr. William E. Crane for respondents, Northway
et al.
No. 625. Utilities Insurance Company, petitioner, v. Charles H.
Potter and R. O. Burbridge. Argued by Mr. Clayton B. Pierce for
the petitioner and by Mr. John W. Barry for the respondents.
No. 369. Stanley R. Hemphill, petitioner, v. The United States of
America. Argued by Mr. Thomas E. Harris for the respondent and
case submitted by Mr. Melville Monheimer for the petitioner.
No. 400. Consolidated Rock Products Co. et al., petitioners, v.
E. Blois du Bois; and
266260-41-56

1
THURSDAY, FEBRUARY 13, 1941
146
No. 444. F. D. Badgley et al., petitioners, v. E. Blois du Bois. Ar-
gument commenced by Mr. Paul R. Watkins for the petitioners in
No. 400.
Adjourned until tomorrow at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Friday, February 14, will be as follows: Nos. 400
(and 444), and 442.

1
FRIDAY, FEBRUARY 14, 1941
147
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: The Chief Justice, Mr. Justice Stone, Mr. Justice Roberts,
Mr. Justice Black, Mr. Justice Reed, Mr. Justice Frankfurter, Mr.
Justice Douglas, and Mr. Justice Murphy.
George Rosier, of New York City; Ralph T. French, of Drexel Hill,
Pa.; James B. Reed, of Lonoke, Ark.; Murry Boxer, of New York City;
Hilbert I. Trachman, of New York City; and Harry R. Heintzen, of
Philadelphia, Pa., were admitted to practice.
No. 400. Consolidated Rock Products Co. et al., petitioners, v.
E. Blois du Bois; and
No. 444. F. D. Badgley et al., petitioners, v. E. Blois du Bois.
Argument continued by Mr. Paul R. Watkins for the petitioners in
No. 400; by Mr. Graham L. Sterling, Jr., for the petitioners in No.
444; by Mr. Kenneth E. Grant for the respondent; by Mr. Solicitor
General Biddle for the Securities and Exchange Commission, as
amicus curiae, by special leave of Court; and concluded by Mr. Paul
R. Watkins for the petitioners in No. 400.
No. 442. National Labor Relations Board, petitioner, v. Express
Publishing Company. Argued by Mr. Laurence A. Knapp for the
petitioner and by Mr. Leroy G. Denman for the respondent.
Adjourned until Monday, February 17 next, at 12 o'clock.
266260-41—57
✓

MONDAY, FEBRUARY 17, 1941
148
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: The Chief Justice, Mr. Justice Stone, Mr. Justice Roberts,
Mr. Justice Black, Mr. Justice Reed, Mr. Justice Frankfurter, Mr.
Justice Douglas, and Mr. Justice Murphy.
Frank B. Clayton, of El Paso, Tex.; Bruce Ditmas Bromley, of
Brooklyn, N. Y.; John Howley, of New York City; Marvin E.
Lewis, of San Francisco, Calif; Morton John Barnard, of Chicago,
Ill.; and Marion R. Vickers, of Mobile, Ala., were admitted to
practice.
No. 255. Fred W. Nelson, as Chairman of the State Tax Commis-
sion et al., petitioners, v. Sears, Roebuck and Co. On writ of certi-
orari to the Supreme Court of the State of Iowa. Judgment re-
versed with costs and cause remanded to the said Supreme Court
for further proceedings not inconsistent with the opinion of this
Court. Opinion by Mr. Justice Douglas. Mr. Justice Stone took no
part in the consideration or disposition of this case. Dissenting
opinion by Mr. Justice Roberts in which the Chief Justice joins.
No. 256. Fred W. Nelson, as Chairman of the State Tax Commis-
sion, et al., petitioners, v. Montgomery Ward and Co., Incorporated.
On writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of the State of Iowa.
Judgment reversed with costs and cause remanded to the said Su-
preme Court for further proceedings not inconsistent with the opin-
ion of this Court. Opinion by Mr. Justice Douglas. Mr. Justice
Stone took no part in the consideration or disposition of this case.
Dissenting: The Chief Justice and Mr. Justice Roberts.
No. 349. E. A. Kelleam, Nell Southard, et al., petitioners, v. Mary-
land Casualty Company of Baltimore, Maryland, et al. On writ of
certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the
Tenth Circuit. Judgment reversed with costs and cause remanded
to the District Court of the United States for the Northern District
of Oklahoma for further proceedings in conformity with the opin-
ion of this Court. Opinion by Mr. Justice Douglas.
No. 85. Federal Trade Commission, petitioner, v. Bunte Brothers,
Inc. On writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of
Appeals for the Seventh Circuit. Judgment affirmed and cause re-
manded to the said Circuit Court of Appeals. Opinion by Mr. Jus-
tice Frankfurter. Dissenting opinion by Mr. Justice Douglas in
which Mr. Justice Black and Mr. Justice Reed join.
266260-41--58

MONDAY, FEBRUARY 17, 1941
149
No. 287. Earl Russell Browder, petitioner, v. The United States
of America. On writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court
of Appeals for the Second Circuit. Judgment affirmed and cause
remanded to the District Court of the United States for the Southern
District of New York. Opinion by Mr. Justice Reed. Mr. Justice
Murphy took no part in the consideration or decision of this case.
No. 338. Welwel Warszower, alias "Robert William Wiener," etc.,
petitioner, v. The United States of America. On writ of certiorari
to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Second Cir-
cuit. Judgment affirmed and cause remanded to the District Court
of the United States for the Southern District of New York.
Opinion by Mr. Justice Reed. Mr. Justice Murphy took no part in
the consideration or decision of this case.
No. 364. Albert Smith, petitioner, v. Joseph O'Grady, Warden
of the Nebraska State Penitentiary at Lancaster, Lancaster County,
Nebraska. On writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of the State
of Nebraska. Judgment reversed with costs and cause remanded
to the said Supreme Court for further proceedings not inconsistent
with the opinion of this Court. Opinion by Mr. Justice Black.
The Chief Justice announced the following orders of the Court:
No. 705. The United States of America, petitioner, v. Harry
Florian, Executor of the Last Will and Testament of Anton Florian,
deceased, beneficiary. On petition for writ of certiorari to the United
States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Seventh Circuit. Per curiam:
The petition for writ of certiorari is granted and the judgment is
reversed for want of jurisdiction in the Circuit Court of Appeals
because of the absence of a final judgment in the District Court.
Collins v. Miller, 252 U. S. 364, 370–371; Nyanza Co. v. Jahncke Dry
Dock, 264 U. S. 439. The cause is remanded to the District Court
for a determination of the issues presented by the remaining counts,
which the District Court by its order of June 27, 1940, as of October
23, 1939, reserved for disposition.
No. 719. Charles C. Read, Superintendent of the New Jersey De-
partment of Weights and Measures, appellant, v. Joseph Dickerson
et al. Appeal from the District Court of the United States for the
District of New Jersey. Per curiam: The judgment is reversed and
the cause is remanded to the District Court for a determination and
appropriate findings on the questions whether the jurisdictional
amount is involved and whether a case has been made for the granting
of an injunction restraining criminal prosecution. (1) McNutt v.
General Motors Acceptance Corporation, 298 U. S. 178, 188–189;
KVOS v. Associated Press, 299 U. S. 269; (2) Spielman v. Dodge,

MONDAY, FEBRUARY 17, 1941
150
295 U. S. 89; Beal v. Missouri Pacific R. R. Corporation, No. 72,
decided January 20, 1941.
The Chief Justice said:
"The other orders of the Court appear upon the list certified by
the Chief Justice and will not be announced orally."
ORDER
On the application of the Clerk, pursuant to Section 221 of the
Judicial Code,
It is ordered that Harold B. Willey be, and he hereby is, appointed
a Deputy Clerk of this Court.
No. 82. The United States of America, appellant, v. F. W. Darby
Lumber Company and Fred W. Darby. The opinion in this case is
amended as follows: 12th line from the top of page 14, the following
phrase is added after the word "overtime": "of 'not less than one and
one-half times the regular rate' at which the worker is employed".
No. 330. Opp Cotton Mills, Inc., et al., petitioners, v. Administra-
tor of the Wage and Hour Division of the Department of Labor.
The opinion in this case is amended as follows: 4th line from the top
of page 14, strike the word "We" and insert the following phrase:
"On the record before us, we".
No. 190. Harry C. Kelly, petitioner, v. James A. Johnston,
Warden, United States Penitentiary, Alcatraz, California. On peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of
Appeals for the Ninth Circuit. The motion for leave to proceed
further herein in forma pauperis is denied for the reason that the
Court, upon examination of the papers herein submitted, finds no
ground upon which a writ of certiorari should be issued. The peti-
tion for writ of certiorari is therefore also denied.
No. 709. J. H. Wood and J. H. Knowlton, appellants, v. T. S.
Lovett, Jr. In this case probable jurisdiction is noted.
No. 687. The People of the State of California, petitioner, v.
E. W. Thompson. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Superior
Court, Appellate Department, County of Los Angeles, State of Cali-
fornia granted.
No. 683. The United States, petitioner, v. Herbert Rivington Pyne
et al., Executors, etc. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of
Claims granted and case assigned for argument immediately following
Nos. 408 and 409.
No. 684. Guy T. Helvering, Commissioner of Internal Revenue,
petitioner, v. Richard J. Reynolds. Petition for writ of certiorari

1
MONDAY, FEBRUARY 17, 1941
151
to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Fourth Circuit
granted limited to the questions presented by the petition, with the
exception of the question whether the remainder was vested or con-
tingent under the law of North Carolina.
No. 576. Clarence de Veuve, doing business under the firm name
and style of San Francisco Underwriters of San Francisco, et al.,
petitioners, v. Ida Louise Tarleton and Mary Ann McElligott. Pe-
tition for writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of
Appeals for the Ninth Circuit denied.
No. 668. Manufacturers Trust Company, petitioner, v. The United
States. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Claims denied.
No. 674. Joseph Sciortino, petitioner, v. The United States of
America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit
Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit denied.
No. 691. Chicago & North Western Railway Company et al., peti-
tioners, v. Commissioner of Internal Revenue. Petition for writ of
certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the
Seventh Circuit denied.
No. 693. Norman Baker, R. A. Bellows, et al., petitioners, v. The
United States of America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Eighth Circuit
denied.
No. 694. Luzon Brokerage Co., Inc., petitioner, v. Public Service
Commission and V. Fragante, as Director, etc. Petition for writ of
certiorari to the Supreme Court of the Commonwealth of the Philip-
pines denied.
No. 695. Detroit & Windsor Ferry Company, petitioner, v. Fred
L. Woodworth, Individually, etc. Petition for writ of certiorari to
the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Sixth Circuit
denied.
No. 696. Milo W. Bekins and Reed J. Bekins, as Trustees, etc.,
et al., petitioners, v. Lindsay-Strathmore Irrigation District. Peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of
Appeals for the Ninth Circuit denied.
No. 698. James H. Jordan, J. R. Mason, et al., petitioners, v. Palo
Verde Irrigation District. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit denied.
No. 699. Gilbert Moody, James H. Jordan, et al., petitioners, v.
James Irrigation District, Debtor. Petition for writ of certiorari to
the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit
denied.

MONDAY, FEBRUARY 17, 1941
152
No. 725. Casco Products Corporation, petitioner, v. Sinko Tool
and Manufacturing Company. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Seventh Circuit denied.
No. 634. The Baltimore and Ohio Railroad Company, petitioner,
v. Albert C. Joseph, Administrator, etc. Petition for rehearing
denied.
Adjourned until Monday, March 3, next, at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Monday, March 3, will be as follows: Nos. 257,
516, 437, 447, 436, 479, 448, 346, 472 (473, 474, and 475), and
484.
}

獎

MONDAY, MARCH 3, 1941
153
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: The Chief Justice, Mr. Justice Stone, Mr. Justice Roberts,
Mr. Justice Black, Mr. Justice Reed, Mr. Justice Frankfurter, Mr.
Justice Douglas, and Mr. Justice Murphy.
David H. Christensen, of Boston, Mass.; Warren O. Coleman, of
New Orleans, La.; Robert G. Payne, of Dallas, Tex.; Arthur A.
Gladstone, of New York City; Henry J. Ziemba, of Utica, N. Y.;
John E. F. Wood, of New York City; Robert Janda, of Manila,
P. I.; John R. Pearson, of Pawhuska, Okla.; and Harold A. Price,
of Morristown, N. J., were admitted to practice.
No. 237. Guy T. Helvering, Commissioner of Internal Revenue,
petitioner, v. Edyth Le Gierse and Bankers Trust Company, as
Executors, etc. On writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit
Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit. Judgment reversed and
cause remanded to the said Circuit Court of Appeals for further
proceedings in conformity with the opinion of this Court. Opinion
by Mr. Justice Murphy. Dissenting: The Chief Justice and Mr.
Justice Roberts.*
No. 371. Estate of Anna M. Keller, Pius P. Keller, and Marcella
V. Keller, Executors, petitioners, v. Commisssioner of Internal Reve-
nue. On writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of
Appeals for the Third Circuit. Judgment affirmed and cause re-
manded to the said Circuit Court of Appeals. Opinion by Mr.
Justice Murphy. Dissenting: The Chief Justice and Mr. Justice
Roberts.
,
No. original. Ex parte Cleio Hull, petitioner.
leave to file a petition for writ of habeas corpus denied.
Mr. Justice Murphy.
Motion for
Opinion by
No. 400. Consolidated Rock Products Co., and Ward E. Hatch and
Louis Van Gelder, composing the preferred stockholders' committee
of Consolidated Rock Products Co., petitioners, v. E. Blois du Bois;
and
No. 444. F. D. Badgley, Colonel R. E. Frith, T. Fenton Knight,
and Walter S. Taylor, composing the Union Rock Company Bond-
holders' Protective Committee, et al., petitioners, v. E. Blois du Bois.
*No. 368. Okley Goins Tyler, Executrix, etc., petitioner, v. Guy T. Helvering, Com-
missioner of Internal Revenue. On writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court
of Appeals for the Eighth Circuit. Judgment affirmed per stipulation of counsel to abide
the decision in No. 237.
266260-41-59

MONDAY, MARCH 3, 1941
154
On writs of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals
for the Ninth Circuit. Judgment affirmed with costs and cases re-
manded to the District Court of the United States for the Southern
District of California. Opinion by Mr. Justice Douglas.
No. 283. Railroad Commission of Texas, Lon A. Smith, et al.,
appellants, v. The Pullman Company, Guy A. Thompson, Trustee,
et al. Appeal from the District Court of the United States for the
Western District of Texas. Judgment reversed and case remanded
to the District Court, with directions to retain the bill pending a
determination of proceedings, to be brought with reasonable prompt-
ness, in the state court in conformity with the opinion of this Court.
Opinion by Mr. Justice Frankfurter. Mr. Justice Roberts took no
part in the consideration or decision of this case.
No. 268. Missouri-Kansas Pipe Line Company, appellant, v. The
United States of America, Columbia Gas & Electric Corporation, et
al.; and
No. 269. Panhandle Eastern Pipe Line Company, appellant, v.
The United States of America, Columbia Gas & Electric Corporation,
et al. Appeals from the District Court of the United States for the
District of Delaware. Order in No. 268 reversed and order in No.
269 affirmed. Opinion by Mr. Justice Frankfurter. Mr. Justice
Roberts is of opinion that both judgments should be affirmed. Mr.
Justice Douglas and Mr. Justice Murphy took no part in the con-
sideration or disposition of these cases.
No. 377. Hiram R. Edwards, petitioner, v. The United States of
America. On writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court
of Appeals for the Tenth Circuit. Judgment reversed and cause
remanded to the District Court of the United States for the Western
District of Oklahoma for further proceedings in conformity with the
opinion of this Court. Opinion by Mr. Justice Reed. Mr. Justice
Douglas took no part in the consideration and decision of this case.
No. 384. Howard E. Breisch, petitioner, v. Central Railroad of
New Jersey. On writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court
of Appeals for the Third Circuit. Judgment of the Circuit Court of
Appeals reversed with costs and judgment of the District Court
affirmed and cause remanded to the District Court of the United
States for the Eastern District of Pennsylvania. Opinion by Mr.
Justice Reed. Mr. Justice Roberts is of the opinion that the judg.
ment of the Circuit Court of Appeals should be affirmed.
No. 344. Margaret Conway, petitioner, v. George H. O'Brien. On
writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for
the Second Circuit. Judgment of the Circuit Court of Appeals re-
versed with costs and judgment of the District Court affirmed and

MONDAY, MARCH 3, 1941
155
cause remanded to the District Court of the United States for the
District of Vermont. Opinion by Mr. Justice Reed.
No. 336. Leroy A. Berry, petitioner, v. The United States of
America. On writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court
of Appeals for the Second Circuit. Judgment of the Circuit Court
of Appeals reversed and judgment of the District Court affirmed and
cause remanded to the District Court of the United States for the
District of Vermont. Opinion by Mr. Justice Black.
No. 537. Fashion Originators' Guild of America, Inc., et al., peti-
tioners, v. Federal Trade Commission. On writ of certiorari to the
United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit.
Judgment affirmed and cause remanded to the said Circuit Court of
Appeals. Opinion by Mr. Justice Black.
No. 251. Millinery Creator's Guild, Inc., et al., petitioners, v. Fed-
eral Trade Commission. On writ of certiorari to the United States
Circuit Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit. Judgment affirmed
and cause remanded to the said Circuit Court of Appeals. Opinion
by Mr. Justice Black.
No. 274. Herbert H. Maass, as sole surviving executor of the last
will and testament of Ida H. Saks, deceased, petitioner, v. Joseph
T. Higgins, Collector of Internal Revenue for the Third District of
New York. On writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court
of Appeals for the Second Circuit; and
No. 510. Estate of Cordelia Y. Abendroth, City Bank Farmers
Trust Company, as Executor, etc., petitioner, v. Commissioner of
Internal Revenue; and
No. 511. Estate of Kate Read Blacque, City Bank Farmers Trust
Company, as Executor, etc., petitioner, v. Commissioner of Internal
Revenue. On writs of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court
of Appeals for the Second Circuit. Judgment in No. 274 reversed
with costs and cause remanded to the District Court of the United
States for the Southern District of New York for further proceedings
in conformity with the opinion of this Court. Judgments in Nos.
510 and 511 reversed and cases remanded to the Circuit Court of
Appeals for the Second Circuit for further proceedings in con-
formity with the opinion of this Court. Opinion by Mr. Justice
Roberts. Dissenting: Mr. Justice Black and Mr. Justice Douglas.
No. 419. Guy T. Helvering, Commissioner of Internal Revenue,
petitioner, v. Mary M. Hutchings. On writ of certiorari to the
United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit. Judg-
ment affirmed and cause remanded to the said Circuit Court of
Appeals. Opinion by Mr. Justice Stone.

MONDAY, MARCH 3, 1941
156
No. 393. The United States, petitioner, v. Arthur Pelzer. On writ
of certiorari to the Court of Claims. Judgment reversed and cause
remanded to the Court of Claims for further proceedings in conform-
ity with the opinion of this Court. Opinion by Mr. Justice Stone.
No. 495. Joseph T. Ryerson and Edward L. Ryerson, Jr., as Exec-
utors etc., petitioners, v. The United States of America. On writ of
certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the
Seventh Circuit. Judgment affirmed and cause remanded to the
District Court of the United States for the Northern District of
Illinois. Opinion by Mr. Justice Stone.
No. 291. Equitable Life Insurance Company of Iowa, petitioner, v.
Halsey, Stuart & Co. On writ of certiorari to the United States
Circuit Court of Appeals for the Seventh Circuit. Judgment re-
versed with costs and cause remanded to the said Circuit Court of
Appeals, for further proceedings in conformity with the opinion of
this Court. Opinion by Mr. Justice Stone.
No. 442. National Labor Relations Board, petitioner, v. Express
Publishing Company. On writ of certiorari to the United States
Circuit Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit. Judgment of the
Circuit Court of Appeals reversed and order of the Board modified
as indicated in the opinion of this Court. Opinion by Mr. Justice
Stone. Separate opinion by Mr. Justice Douglas in which Mr. Justice
Black and Mr. Justice Reed join.
No. 373. Charlotte Cross Just and Anne Elise Gruner, petitioners,
v. Alma Chambers, as Executrix of the estate of Henry C. Yeiser, Jr.,
as owner of the American Yacht "Friendship II". On writ of certi-
orari to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Fifth
Circuit. Judgment of the Circuit Court of Appeals reversed with
costs and that of the District Court affirmed, and cause remanded to
the District Court of the United States for the Southern District of
Florida. Opinion by Mr. Chief Justice Hughes.
The Chief Justice announced the following orders of the Court:
No. 369. Stanley R. Hemphill, petitioner, v. The United States of
America. On writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court
of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit. Per curiam: The judgment is
reversed and the cause remanded to the Circuit Court of Appeals
with directions to consider the sufficiency of the evidence to support
the verdict. Sherwin v. United States, No. 319, and Sheridan v.
United States, No. 320, both decided February 10, 1941.
No. 700. Journeymen Tailors Union Local No. 195 of the Amalga-
mated Clothing Workers of America et al., petitioners, v. Miller's,

MONDAY, MARCH 3, 1941
157
Inc. On petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Errors and
Appeals of the State of New Jersey. Per curiam: The petition for
writ of certiorari is granted and the judgment is reversed. American
Federation of Labor v. Swing, No. 56, decided February 10, 1941;
Thornhill v. Alabama, 310 U. S. 88; Carlson v. California, 310 U. S.
106.
No. 753. Henry R. Eagles, Alfred McMillan, et al., appellants, v.
General Electric Company. Appeal from the Supreme Court of the
State of Washington. Per curiam: The appeal is dismissed for the
want of a properly presented federal question. Godchaux Co. v.
Estopinal, 251 U. S. 179; Rooker v. Fidelity Trust Co., 261 U. S. 114,
117; Herndon v. Georgia, 295 U. S. 441, 443.
No. 748. Luther McKinley, Grady McKinley, et al., appellants, v.
R. L. Salter and Wife, Mary Salter, et al. Appeal from the Court
of Civil Appeals, 8th Supreme Judicial District, State of Texas.
Per curiam: The appeal is dismissed for want of a substantial federal
question. Jones v. Prairie Oil Co., 273 U. S. 195.
No. 763. Lou W. Kreicker, appellant, v. The Naylor Pipe Com-
pany et al. Appeal from the Supreme Court of the State of Illinois.
Per curiam: The motion to affirm is granted and the judgment is
affirmed. Violet Trapping Co. v. Grace, 297 U. S. 119, 120; Ingraham
v. Hanson, 297 U. S. 378, 381; Schenebeck v. McCrary, 298 U. S.
36, 37.
No. 716. Charles Hussock, appellant, v. The People of the State of
New York. Appeal from the Court of Special Sessions of the City
of New York, State of New York. Per curiam: The motion to dis-
miss is granted and the appeal is dismissed for the want of jurisdic-
tion. Section 237 (a), Judicial Code, as amended by the act of
February 13, 1925 (43 Stat. 936, 937). Treating the papers whereon
the appeal was allowed as a petition for writ of certiorari, as required
by section 237 (c) of the Judicial Code (43 Stat. 936, 938), certiorari
is denied.
The Chief Justice said:
"The other orders of the Court appear upon the list certified by
the Chief Justice and filed with the Clerk and will not be announced
orally."
―.
No. In the matter of the disbarment of Clyde H. Walker.
It having appeared to the Court from the record in Ex parte Clyde
H. Walker, No. -, original, October Term, 1939, that Clyde H.
Walker, of Champaign, Illinois, a member of the Bar of this Court,
was convicted of a felony in the United States District Court for the
Western District of Washington; and this Court by order of October

MONDAY, MARCH 3, 1941
158
9, 1939, having suspended the said Clyde H. Walker from the practice
of law in this Court and directed that a rule issue requiring him to
show cause why he should not be disbarred; and it appearing that
the said rule was issued and served upon Clyde H. Walker, who has
filed a return thereto; and it now appearing that the judgment of the
District Court for the Western District of Washington has been
affirmed by the Circuit Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit, and
that the time to file a petition for writ of certiorari has expired;
Now, upon consideration of the rule to show cause and the return
thereto, it is ordered that the said Clyde H. Walker be, and he hereby
is, disbarred and that his name be stricken from the roll of attorneys.
admitted to practice in this Court.
No. In the matter of the disbarment of Clement J. McGovern.
It having been reported to the Court that Clement J. McGovern,
of Chester, Commonwealth of Pennsylvania, has been disbarred from
the practice of the law by the Supreme Court of the Commonwealth of
Pennsylvania;
It is ordered that the said Clement J. McGovern be, and he is
hereby, suspended from the practice of the law in this Court, and that
a rule issue returnable within forty (40) days, requiring him to show
cause why he should not be disbarred from the practice of the law
in this Court.
No. -, original. Ex parte Ralph Mark, petitioner. The motion
for leave to file petition for writ of mandamus is denied.
No. -, original. Ex parte Louis Burall, petitioner. The rule to
show cause is discharged and the motion for leave to file petition for
writ of mandamus is denied, without prejudice to the petitioner's
right to present a petition for a writ of habeas corpus to the United
States District Court for the Northern District of California.
No., original. Ex parte Opal O. Meadows, petitioner; and
No. -, original. Ex parte Taylor Seals, petitioner. The motions
for leave to file petitions for writs of habeas corpus are denied.
No. 14, original. Ex parte Forrest Holiday, petitioner. The mo-
tion for leave to file petition for writ of certiorari is granted. The
motion to proceed in forma pauperis is granted and the petition for
a writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for
the Ninth Circuit is granted.
No. 15, original. John J. Earley, petitioner, v. Chicago, Milwaukee,
St. Paul, & Pacific R. R. Co. The motion for leave to file a petition
for writ of certiorari is granted. The motion for leave to proceed.
further herein in forma pauperis is denied for the reason that the
Court, upon examination of the papers herein submitted, finds no
ground upon which a writ of certiorari should be issued. The peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of

MONDAY, MARCH 3, 1941
159
Appeals for the Seventh Circuit is therefore denied. Mr. Justice
Douglas took no part in the consideration and decision of these
applications.
No. 688. George D. Latimer, petitioner, v. State of Washington
et al. On petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of the
State of Washington;
No. 713. Edmond C. Fletcher, petitioner, v. The Evening Star
Newspaper Company. On petition for writ of certiorari to the
United States Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia; and
No. 730. Celestian L. Strzep, petitioner, v. The People of the State
of New York. On petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme
Court of the State of New York. The motions for leave to proceed
further herein in forma pauperis are denied for the reason that the
Court, upon examination of the papers herein submitted, finds no
ground upon which writs of certiorari should be issued. The peti-
tions for writs of certiorari are therefore also denied.
No. 586. New York, Chicago & St. Louis Railroad Company, ap-
pellant, v. Dorothea T. Frank. The motion of appellee to dismiss
is denied.
No. 237. Guy T. Helvering Commissioner of Internal Revenue,
petitioner, v. Edyth LeGierse et al.;
No. 368. Okley Goins Tyler, Executrix, etc., petitioner, v. Guy T.
Helvering, Commissioner of Internal Revenue; and
No. 371. Estate of Anna M. Keller et al., petitioners, v. Commis-
sioner of Internal Revenue. The motion of Everett W. Mattoon and
Wm. Howard Nicholas for leave to file a brief as amici curiae is
denied.
No. 671. V. B. Kinney, Secretary of Labor of the State of Ne-
braska, petitioner, v. State of Nebraska, ex rel. Western Reference
& Bond Association, Inc., et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to
the Supreme Court of the State of Nebraska granted.
No. 714. Millie A. Christenson, Administratrix, etc., petitioner, v.
Union Pacific Railroad Company. Petition for writ of certiorari
to the Supreme Court of the State of Nebraska granted.
No. 715. The Arkansas Corporation Commission et al., petitioners,
v. Guy A. Thompson, as Trustee, etc. Petition for writ of cer-
tiorari to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Eighth
Circuit granted.
No. 740. Julia C. Gelfert, as Sole surviving executor of the last
will and testament of James J. Carpenter, deceased, petitioner, v.
National City Bank of New York. Petition for writ of certiorari
to the Supreme Court of the State of New York granted.
No. 741. Klaxon Company, petitioner, v. Stentor Electric Manu-
facturing Company, Inc. Petition for writ of certiorari to the

MONDAY, MARCH 3, 1941
160
United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Third Circuit granted
limited to the first question presented by the petition for the writ.
No. 659. The Choctaw Nation, petitioner, v. The United States.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Claims denied.
No. 680. Irving J. Reuter, petitioner, v. The United States. Peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the Court of Claims denied.
No. 702. Sam McIntyre, petitioner, v. State of Georgia. Petition
for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of the State of Georgia
denied.
No. 704. Monarch Distributing Company et al., petitioners, v. The
United States of America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Seventh Circuit
denied.
No. 706. William B. Romans and Edna M. Horan, petitioners, v.
The State of Maryland. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court
of Appeals of the State of Maryland denied.
No. 707. The City of New York, petitioner, v. The United States
of America et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme
Court of the State of New York denied.
No. 663. Julia Obartuch, petitioner, v. Security Mutual Life
Insurance Company. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United
States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Seventh Circuit denied.
No. 672. H. B. Nelson Construction Company, petitioner, v. The
United States. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Claims
denied.
No. 673. H. B. Nelson Construction Company, petitioner, v. The
United States. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Claims
denied.
No. 675. Enos L. Seeds and John Derham, Jr., Individually, etc.,
petitioners, v. The United States. Petition for writ of certiorari to
the Court of Claims denied.
No. 723. H. C. Jordan and Ross Walker, petitioners, v. G. V.
Fisher et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Circuit Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 747. Geo. H. Sheppard, Comptroller of Public Accounts, et al.,
petitioners, v. Orville S. Carpenter. Petition for writ of certiorari
to the Supreme Court of the State of Texas denied.
No. 9. The Schriber-Schroth Company, petitioner, v. The Cleve-
land Trust Company, Chrysler Corporation;
No. 10. The Aberdeen Motor Supply Company, petitioner, v. The
Cleveland Trust Company, Chrysler Corporation; and
A

MONDAY, MARCH 3, 1941
161
No. 11. The F. E. Rowe Sales Company, petitioner, v. The Cleve-
land Trust Company, Chrysler Corporation. Motion for leave to file
a second petition for rehearing granted. Petition for rehearing
denied.
No. 623. Mary B. Betz, petitioner, v. Estate of J. Edward Brill,
deceased. Motion for leave to file petition for rehearing granted.
Petition for rehearing denied.
No. 13, original. Ex parte William H. Lockart, petitioner;
No. 120. Howard S. Palmer et al., Trustees, etc., petitioners, v.
Webster and Atlas National Bank of Boston, Trustee;
No. 253. Eugene Higgins, petitioner, v. Commissioner of Internal
Revenue;
No. 579. William Henry Odom, petitioner, v. A. C. Aderhold,
Warden, etc.;
No. 608. Walter B. Mitchell, petitioner, v. Board of Governors of
Washington State Bar Association; and
No. 693. Norman Baker et al., petitioners, v. The United States
of America. Petitions for rehearing denied.
No. 12, original. The United States of America, complainant, v.
The State of Alabama. Answer of the defendant presented.
No. 667. Ralph W. Richards, petitioner, v. The State of Florida.
Reported for failure to comply with the Rules.
No. 710. Massachusetts Bonding and Insurance Company, peti-
tioner, v. Madeleine Corby Webber and William J. Webber. Motion
to print an abbreviated record submitted by Mr. Frank Harrison
for the petitioner.
No. 257. Jay C. Hormel, petitioner, v. Guy T. Helvering, Com-
missioner of Internal Revenue. Argued by Mr. George M. Wolfson
and Mr. R. C. Alderson for the petitioner and by Mr. Assistant
Attorney General Clark for the respondent.
No. 516. Guy T. Helvering, Commissioner of Internal Revenue,
petitioner, v. O. G. Richter. Argument commenced by Mr. Assistant
Attorney General Clark for the petitioner and continued by Mr.
Richard H. Wilmer for the respondent.
Adjourned until tomorrow at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Tuesday, March 4, will be as follows: Nos. 516,
437, 447, 436, 479, 448, 346, 472 (473, 474, and 475), 484, and
500.
266260-41- -60
HA
0

TUESDAY, MARCH 4, 1941
162
4
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: The Chief Justice, Mr. Justice Stone, Mr. Justice Rob-
erts, Mr. Justice Black, Mr. Justice Reed, Mr. Justice Frankfurter,
Mr. Justice Douglas, and Mr. Justice Murphy.
Marlin E. Sandlin, of Houston, Tex.; Thos. L. Zimmerman, Jr.,
of New York City; Francis E. Baldwin, of Chicago, Ill.; and Cleo
G. Clayton, of Amarillo, Tex., were admitted to practice.
No. 516. Guy T. Helvering, Commissioner of Internal Revenue,
petitioner, v. O. G. Richter. Argument continued by Mr. Richard
H. Wilmer for the respondent and concluded by Mr. Assistant Attor-
ney General Clark for the petitioner.
No. 437. Carter H. Harrison, Collector of Internal Revenue for the
First District of Illinois, petitioner, v. Sarah H. Schaffner. Ar-
gued by Mr. Arnold Raum for the petitioner and by Mr. Herbert A.
Friedlich for the respondent.
No. 447. Westinghouse Electric & Manufacturing Company, peti-
tioner, v. National Labor Relations Board. Argued by Mr. Charles
A. Reinwald for the petitioner and by Mr. Robert B. Watts for the
respondent.
No. 436. Guy T. Helvering, Commissioner of Internal Revenue,
petitioner, v. Estate of John M. Enright, deceased, et al. Argued
by Mr. Gordon Tweedy for the petitioner and by Mr. James D. Car-
penter, Jr., for the respondents.
No. 479. Norman J. Pfaff and Frank B. Wallace, Executors, etc.,
petitioners, v. Commissioner of Internal Revenue. Argument com-
menced by Mr. Laurence Sovik for the petitioners.
Adjourned until tomorrow at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Wednesday, March 5, will be as follows: Nos. 479,
448, 346, 472 (473, 474, and 475), 484, 500, 502, 517, 521 (and
523), and 549.
266260-41--61
E

WEDNESDAY, MARCH 5, 1941
163
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: The Chief Justice, Mr. Justice Stone, Mr. Justice Rob-
erts, Mr. Justice Black, Mr. Justice Reed, Mr. Justice Frankfurter,
Mr. Justice Douglas, and Mr. Justice Murphy.
Conrad E. Snow, of Rochester, N. H.; Smith R. Brittingham, Jr.,
of Alexandria, Va.; Ralph M. Andrews, of Buffalo, N. Y.; Henry X.
Kutash, of Cleveland, Ohio; and Russell P. Kehoe, of Jeffersonville,
Ind., were admitted to practice.
No. 479. Norman J. Pfaff and Frank B. Wallace, Executors, etc.,
petitioners, v. Commissioner of Internal Revenue. Argument con-
tinued by Mr. Laurence Sovik for the petitioners and concluded by
Mr. Gordon Tweedy for the respondent.
No. 448. Henry A. Scandrett et al., Trustees, etc., et al., appel-
lants, v, The United States of America et al. Argued by Mr. Roy
F. Shields for the appellants; by Mr. Frank Coleman for the ap-
pellees, The United States and Interstate Commerce Commission; by
Mr. Albert E. Stephan for appellees, Dependable Tank Transport,
Inc. et al.; and case submitted by Mr. Johnston B. Campbell for
appellees, Indland Empire Waterways Association et al.; and by Mr.
Harry Ellsworth Foster for appellee, International Brotherhood of
Teamsters, Chauffeurs, Stablemen, and Helpers of America.
No. 346. Jeremiah D. Maguire and Ruth S. Maguire, petitioners,
v. Commissioner of Internal Revenue. Argument commenced by
Mr. Francis E. Baldwin for the petitioners and continued by Miss
Helen R. Carloss for the respondent.
Adjourned until tomorrow at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Thursday, March 6, will be as follows: Nos. 346,
472 (473, 474, and 475), 484, 500, 502, 517, 521 (and 523), 549,
529, and 535.
☑
266260-41-
-62
་་

THURSDAY, MARCH 6, 1941
164
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: The Chief Justice, Mr. Justice Stone, Mr. Justice Roberts,
Mr. Justice Black, Mr. Justice Reed, Mr. Justice Frankfurter, Mr.
Justice Douglas, and Mr. Justice Murphy.
James R. Gereghty, of New York City; Houston White, of Atlanta,
Ga.; Chester Tietig, of Covington, Ky.; Robt. Guinther, of Akron,
Ohio; Edward E. Hargest, Jr., of Baltimore, Md.; O. Bowie Duckett,
Jr., of Baltimore, Md.; Milton U. Copland, of New York City; and
Frank T. McCoy, Jr., of Nashville, Tenn., were admitted to practice.
No. 814. Joe Vernon, petitioner, v. Earl R. Wilson, Warden of
Kilby Prison, Alabama. Upon consideration of the application of
counsel for the petitioner in the above-entitled cause for a stay of
execution of the sentence of death upon the said Joe Vernon;
It is ordered that execution of the judgment and sentence of the
Supreme Court of Alabama entered March 28, 1940, in the case
therein entitled Joe Vernon v. State of Alabama, be, and the same
hereby is, stayed pending the consideration and final determination
by this Court of the petition for writ of certiorari herein filed this
day.
No. 346. Jeremiah D. Maguire and Ruth S. Maguire, petitioners,
v. Commissioner of Internal Revenue. Argument continued by Miss
Helen R. Carloss for the respondent and concluded by Mr. Francis
E. Baldwin for the petitioners.
No. 472. Guy T. Helvering, Commissioner of Internal Revenue,
petitioner, v. Richard Van Nest Gambrill;
No. 473. Guy T. Helvering, Commissioner of Internal Revenue,
petitioner, v. Marjorie K. Campbell;
No. 474. Guy T. Helvering, Commissioner of Internal Revenue,
petitioner, v. Seymour H. Knox; and
No. 475. Guy T. Helvering, Commissioner of Internal Revenue,
petitioner, v. Dorothy K. G. Rogers. Argued by Miss Helen R. Car-
loss for the petitioners; by Mr. Allin H. Pierce for the respondent in
No. 472; and by Mr. Ralph M. Andrews for the respondents in Nos.
473, 474, and 475.
266260-41—63
1

THURSDAY, MARCH 6, 1941
165
No. 484. The United States of America, petitioner, v. The Cooper
Corporation et al. Argued by Mr. Hugh B. Cox for the petitioner
and by Mr. Luther Day for the respondents.
No. 500. The United States of America, petitioner, v. Jacob J.
Sherwood. Argument commenced by Mr. Sidney J. Kaplan for the
petitioner.
Adjourned until tomorrow at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Friday, March 7, will be as follows: Nos. 500,
502, 517, 521 (and 523), 549, 529, 535, 387 (and 641), 413, and
550.
☑

FRIDAY, MARCH 7, 1941
166
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present The Chief Justice, Mr. Justice Stone, Mr. Justice Roberts,
Mr. Justice Black, Mr. Justice Reed, Mr. Justice Douglas, Mr. Justice
Frankfurter, and Mr. Justice Murphy.
Ira Butler, of Fort Worth, Tex.; John L. Reeves, of Fort Worth,
Tex.; Bronse Hoover, of Tulsa, Okla.; Victor F. Schmidt, of Ross-
moyne, Ohio; Frank R. Kenison, of Conway, N. H.; J. Vincent Brod-
erick, of Manchester, N. H.; John William Kopecky, of Washington,
D. C.; and Guy G. Bratton, of Detroit, Mich., were admitted to
practice.
No. 500. The United States of America, petitioner, v. Jacob L.
Sherwood. Argument continued by Mr. Sidney J. Kaplan for the
petitioner and concluded by Mr. Milton U. Copland for the respondent.
No. 502. Willis Cox et al., appellants, v. State of New Hampshire.
Argued by Mr. Hayden Covington for the appellants and by Mr. Frank
R. Kenison for the appellee.
No. 517. Walter M. Hort, petitioner, v. Commissioner of Internal
Revenue. Argued by Mr. Richard H. Demuth for the respondent and
case submitted by Mr. Walter J. Rosston and Mr. Edwin Hort for the
petitioner.
No. 521. Pittsburgh Plate Glass Company, petitioner, v. National
Labor Relations Board; and
No. 523. Crystal City Glass Workers' Union, petitioner, v. Na-
tional Labor Relations Board. Argument commenced by Mr. J. W.
McAfee for the petitioner in No. 521 and continued by Mr. Henry H.
Oberschelp for the petitioner in No. 523.
Adjourned until Monday, next, at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Monday, March 10, will be as follows: Nos. 521
(and 523), 549, 529, 535, 387 (and 641), 413, 550, 558, 587, and
624.
Х
266260-41-64

MONDAY, MARCH 10, 1941
167
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: The Chief Justice, Mr. Justice Stone, Mr. Justice Roberts,
Mr. Justice Black, Mr. Justice Reed, Mr. Justice Frankfurter, Mr.
Justice Douglas, and Mr. Justice Murphy.
Edmund J. Brandon, of Boston, Mass.; Emmet J. Cleary, of Chi-
cago, Ill.; William B. Dickenson, of Tampa, Fla.; Arthur W.
Mitchell, of Chicago, Ill.; Herman C. A. Hofacker, of Pittsburgh,
Pa., and Charles B. Parker, of Worcester, Mass., were admitted to
practice.
The Chief Justice announced the following orders of the Court:
No. 447. Westinghouse Electric & Manufacturing Company, peti-
tioner, v. National Labor Relations Board. On writ of certiorari to
the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit.
Per curiam: The judgment is affirmed. Labor Board v. Newport
News Co., 308 U. S. 241; Labor Board v. Link-Belt Co., No. 235,
decided January 6, 1941.
No. 448. Henry A. Scandrett et al., Trustees of the Chicago, Mil-
waukee, St. Paul and Pacific Railroad Company et al., appellants.
v. The United States of America, Interstate Commerce Commission,
et al. Appeal from the District Court of the United States for the
District of Oregon. Per curiam: The judgment is affirmed. Inter-
state Commerce Act, sections 15 (1); 15a (2); United States v.
Louisiana, 290 U. S. 70, 75-77; Florida v. United States, 292 U. S.
1. 9.
No. 556. N. B. Early, Jr., Individually and as Collector of Internal
Revenue for the District of Virginia, petitioner, v. Fergus Reid. On
petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of
Appeals for the Fourth Circuit. Per curiam: The petition for writ
of certiorari is granted and the judgment is affirmed. Helvering v.
Hutchings, No. 419, decided March 3, 1941.
No. 770. Rosario Chirillo and Josephine Chirillo, appellants, v.
Herbert H. Lehman, Governor of the State of New York, et al.
Appeal from the District Court of the United States for the Southern
District of New York. Per curiam: The judgment is affirmed.
American Surety Company v. Baldwin, 287 U. S. 156, 169.
266260-41--65

MONDAY, MARCH 10, 1941
The Chief Justice said:
168
"The other orders of the Court appear upon the list certified by
the Chief Justice and filed with the Clerk and will not be announced
orally."
ORDER
IT IS ORDERED, That the order of January 10, 1898, as amended
by the order of February 28, 1898 (169 U. S. 740), establishing a
table of fees and costs in the Circuit Courts of Appeals, be amended
so as to read as follows:
"Ordered, in pursuance of the act of Congress of February 19,
1897, 29 Stat. 536, c. 263, that the following table of fees and costs.
in the Circuit Courts of Appeals be, and the same is hereby, estab-
lished, and fees and costs not exceeding those herein named shall
be charged:
"Docketing a case and filing the record.
$5.00
Entering an appearance----
.25
Transferring a case to the printed calendar_
1.00
Entering a continuance __
.25
Filing a motion, order, or other paper_
.25
Entering any rule, or making or copying any record or other paper, for
each one hundred words ___
.20
Entering a judgment or decree__
1.00
Every search of the records of the court and certifying the same ____
Affixing a certificate and a seal to any paper
1.00
Receiving, keeping, and paying money, in pursuance of any statute or
order of court, one percent on the amount so received, kept, and
paid.
Preparing the record for the printer, indexing the same, supervising
the printing and distributing the copies, for each printed page of the
record and index, twenty-five cents ($.25), provided that the charge
for any single record and index shall not exceed five hundred dollars.
Making a manuscript copy of the record, when required by the rules,
for each one hundred words (but nothing in addition for super-
vising the printing) ---
1.00
.20
Issuing a writ of error and accompanying papers, or a mandate or
other process---
5.00
Filing briefs, for each party appearing-
5.00
Copy of an opinion of the court, certified under seal, for each printed
page (but not to exceed five dollars in the whole for any copy)
Attorney's docket fee
1.00
20.00"
IT IS FURTHER ORDERED, That this order shall apply to all cases
docketed in a Circuit Court of Appeals on or after March 15, 1941.
No. -, original. Ex parte George T. Kemnitzer, petitioner. The
motion for leave to file petition for writ of habeas corpus is denied.
No. 12, original. The United States of America, complainant, v.
The State of Alabama. This cause is set for hearing on the Bill of
Complaint and Answer and assigned for argument on Monday, April

MONDAY, MARCH 10, 1941
169
28, next. Brief for complainant to be filed on or before March 31;
brief for defendant to be filed on or before April 18; and reply briefs,
if any, to be filed on or before April 25.
No. 710. Massachusetts Bonding and Insurance Company, peti-
tioner, v. Madeleine Corby Webber and William J. Webber. The mo-
tion of petitioner for leave to print an abbreviated record is granted.
No. 708. Philadelphia-Detroit Lines, Inc., appellant, v. Burr H.
Simpson, Individually, etc., et al. The motion to postpone considera-
tion of the petition for rehearing and the motion to withhold the issue
of the mandate are granted.
No. 729. J. C. Lomax, petitioner, v. The State of Texas. The mo-
tion for leave to proceed in forma pauperis is granted. The petition
for writ of certiorari to the Court of Criminal Appeals of the State of
Texas is also granted.
No. 613. William B. Robbins, petitioner, v. Joseph W. Sanford,
Warden, etc. On petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Circuit Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit ;
No. 720. E. F. Parrish, petitioner, v. The Stratton Cripple Creek
Mining & Development Company. On petition for writ of certiorari
to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Tenth Circuit;
and
No. 701. Richard Smith, petitioner, v. E. B. Henderson, Warden,
etc. On petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of the
State of Georgia. The motions for leave to proceed further herein.
in forma pauperis are denied for the reason that the Court, upon ex-
amination of the papers herein submitted, finds no ground upon which
writs of certiorari should be issued. The petitions for writs of cer-
tiorari are therefore also denied.
No. 718. L. R. Brooks, petitioner, v. Archie Dewar et al. Petition
for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of the State of Nevada
granted.
No. 732. H. J. Jenkins, petitioner, v. James M. Kurn et al., Trus-
tees, etc. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of the
State of Missouri granted.
No. 717. The United States of America, as Guardian of the In-
dians of the Tribe of Hualpai in the State of Arizona, petitioner, v.
Santa Fe Pacific Railroad Company. Petition for writ of certiorari
to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit
granted.
No. 727. The Shamrock Oil and Gas Corporation, petitioner, v.
G. Obie Sheets et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United
States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit granted lim-
ited to the first question presented by the petition for the writ.

MONDAY, MARCH 10, 1941
170
No. 734. Mary Flagler Cary, petitioner, v. Commissioner of In-
ternal Revenue;
No. 735. Harry Harkness Flagler, petitioner, v. Commissioner of
Internal Revenue;
No. 736. Estate of Annie L. Flagler, deceased, et al., petitioners, v.
Commissioner of Internal Revenue; and
No. 737. Jean Louise Matthews, petitioner, v. Commissioner of
Internal Revenue. Petition for writs of certiorari to the United
States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit granted and
cases assigned for argument immediately following No. 684.
No. 667. Ralph W. Richards, petitioner, v. The State of Florida.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of the State of
Florida dismissed for failure to comply with the rules.
No. 751. Indiana Unemployment Compensation Board, petitioner,
v. Benner-Coryell Lumber Company, Inc. Petition for writ of cer-
tiorari to the Supreme Court of the State of Indiana denied for the
want of a final judgment.
No. 779. City of Jackson, a municipal corporation, etc., et al., peti-
tioners, v. Mississippi Power & Light Company. Petition for writ
of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the
Fifth Circuit denied. Mr. Justice Douglas took no part in the con-
sideration and decision of this application.
No. 681. The Ship Construction & Trading Co., Inc., petitioner, v.
The United States. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of
Claims denied.
No. 722. V. J. Adams, Trustee, etc., petitioner, v. City Bank and
Trust Company of Macon, Georgia. Petition for writ of certiorari
to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit
denied.
No. 724. Troy-Parisian, Inc., petitioner, v. The United States of
America, on relation and for the benefit of the Administrator of the
Federal Housing Administration. Petition for writ of certiorari to
the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit
denied.
No. 726. Anheuser-Busch, Incorporated, et al., petitioners, v. Guy
T. Helvering, Commissioner of Internal Revenue. Petition for writ
of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the
Eighth Circuit denied.
No. 728. May Department Stores Company and Jerry Goddard,
petitioners, v. Takashi Kataoka, by his guardian ad litem Tsutomu
Kataoka and Tsutomu Kataoka. Petition for writ of certiorari to
the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit
denied.

MONDAY, MARCH 10, 1941
171
No. 733. Nicholas Roerich, petitioner, v. Guy T. Helvering, Com-
missioner of Internal Revenue. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
United States Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia denied.
No. 745. The Union Trust Company of Pittsburgh, Trustee, John
Marshall Lockhart Trust No. 2, petitioner, v. Commissioner of Inter-
nal Revenue. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Cir-
cuit Court of Appeals for the Third Circuit denied.
No. 749. Wells Fargo Bank & Union Trust Co., petitioner, v. Col-
lector of Internal Revenue. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
Supreme Court of the Commonwealth of the Philippines denied.
No. 750. Sam C. Blair, Judge of the Circuit Court of Cole County,
Missouri, petitioner, v. State of Missouri, at the relation of Ray B.
Lucas, Superintendent, etc. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Su-
preme Court of the State of Missouri denied.
No. 281. Weightstill Woods, Court Trustee, petitioner, v. City Na-
tional Bank and Trust Co. of Chicago et al.; and
No. 282. Weightstill Woods, Court Trustee, petitioner, v. City Na-
tional Bank and Trust Co. of Chicago et al. The motion to strike
the petition for rehearing and the motion for a rule to show cause are
denied. The petition for rehearing is also denied.
No. 56. American Federation of Labor et al., petitioners, v. Ross
W. Swing et al.; and
No. 705. The United States of America, petitioner, v. Harry
Florian, Executor, etc. The petitions for rehearing are denied.
The Court will take a recess from Monday, March 17, until Monday,
March 31, next.
No. 9, original. State of Arkansas, complainant, v. State of Ten-
nessee. Report of Boundary Commissioners presented.
No. 521. Pittsburgh Plate Glass Company, petitioner, v. National
Labor Relations Board; and
No. 523. Crystal City Glass Workers' Union, petitioner, v. Na-
tional Labor Relations Board. Argument continued by Mr. Solicitor
General Biddle for the respondent and concluded by Mr. J. Wesley
McAfee for the petitioner in No. 521.
No. 549. Public Service Commission of the State of Missouri et al.,
petitioners, v. Brashear Freight Lines, Inc., et al. Argued by Mr.
Daniel C. Rogers for the petitioners and by Mr. Kenneth Teasdale
for the respondents.

MONDAY, MARCH 10, 1941
172
No. 529. National Labor Relations Board v. White Swan Com-
pany. Argued by Mr. Warner W. Gardner for the National Labor
Relations Board and by Mr. Herman C. A. Hofacker for the White
Swan Company.
No. 535. The United States of America, petitioner, v. The Chicago,
Milwaukee, St. Paul and Pacific Railroad Company et al. Argument
commenced by Mr. Assistant Attorney General Littell for the peti-
tioner and continued by Mr. A. C. Erdall for the respondents.
Adjourned until tomorrow at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Tuesday, March 11, will be as follows: Nos. 535,
387 (and 641), 413, 550, 558, 587, 624, 577, 584, and 588.
Х

TUESDAY, MARCH 11, 1941
173
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: The Chief Justice, Mr. Justice Stone, Mr. Justice Rob-
erts, Mr. Justice Black, Mr. Justice Reed, Mr. Justice Frankfurter,
Mr. Justice Douglas, and Mr. Justice Murphy.
Robert G. Draper, of Memphis, Tenn.; Wallace H. Savage, of
Dallas, Tex.; J. Thomas Smith, of Detroit, Mich.; D. G. Paston, of
Brooklyn, N. Y.; L. R. Varser, of Lumberton, N. C.; Ozmer L.
Henry, of Lumberton, N. C.; Martin F. Comeau, of Kingston, N. Y.;
Horace F. Blackwell, Jr., of Kansas City, Mo.; Richard S. Righter,
of Kansas City, Mo.; Beatrice Densen, of New York City; Gustave A.
Gerber, of New York City; and Weldon Bailey White, of Nashville,
Tenn., were admitted to practice.
No. 535. The United States of America, petitioner, v. The Chicago,
Milwaukee, St. Paul and Pacific Railroad Company et al. Argument
continued by Mr. A. C. Erdall for the respondents and concluded by
Mr. Assistant Attorney General Littell for the petitioner.
No. 387. Phelps Dodge Corporation, petitioner, v. National Labor
Relations Board; and
No. 641. National Labor Relations Board, petitioner, v. Phelps
Dodge Corporation. Argued by Mr. Denison Kitchel for the Phelps
Dodge Corporation and by Mr. Thomas E. Harris for the National
Labor Relations Board.
No. 413. Continental Oil Company, petitioner, v. National Labor
Relations Board. Argued by Mr. John P. Akolt for the petitioner
and by Mr. Thomas E. Harris for the respondent.
Adjourned until tomorrow at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Wednesday, March 12, will be as follows: Nos.
550, 558, 587, 624, 577, 584, 588, 603, 658, and 616.
Х
266260-41- -66

WEDNESDAY, MARCH 12, 1941
174
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: The Chief Justice, Mr. Justice Stone, Mr. Justice Roberts,
Mr. Justice Black, Mr. Justice Reed, Mr. Justice Frankfurter, Mr.
Justice Douglas, and Mr. Justice Murphy.
Harold M. Kennedy, of Brooklyn, N. Y.; Joseph A. McNamara, of
Burlington, Vt.; Eugene J. Morris, of New York City; Frederick
Voris Follmer, of Milton, Pa.; Herman Frederick Reich, of Sunbury,
Pa.; Gerald A. Gleeson, of Philadelphia, Pa.; Rene A. Viosca, of New
Orleans, La.; Wade Omer Martin, Jr., of Baton Rouge, La.; Maurice
M. Milligan, of Kansas City, Mo.; Harvey H. Tisinger, of Carrollton,
Ga.; Leo Calvin Crawford, of Dayton, Ohio; Edward H. Davis, of
Philadelphia, Pa.; Robert Weinstein, of New Orleans, La.; Joseph J.
Attwell, Jr., of Chicago, Ill.; Blaine G. Alston, of Chicago, Ill.; and
Georgia Huston Jones Ellis, of Chicago, Ill., were admitted to practice.
No. 550. Earl Moore, petitioner, v. Illinois Central Railroad Com-
pany. Argued by Mr. James L. Byrd for the respondent and case
submitted by Mr. George Butler and Mr. Garner W. Green for the
petitioner.
No. 558. R. H. Nye and L. C. Mayers, petitioners, v. The United
States of America and W. B. Guthrie. Argued by Mr. Lycurgus R.
Varser for the petitioners and by Mr. Herbert Wechsler for the
respondent, The United States of America.
No. 587. Samuel R. Toucey, petitioner, v. New York Life Insur-
ance Company. Argued by Mr. Richard H. Righter for the respondent
and case submitted by Mr. Samuel R. Toucey for the petitioner, pro se.
Adjourned until tomorrow at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Thursday, March 13, will be as follows: Nos. 624,
577, 584, 603, 658, 588, and 616.
266260-41-67
✓

THURSDAY, MARCH 13, 1941
175
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: The Chief Justice, Mr. Justice Stone, Mr. Justice Roberts,
Mr. Justice Black, Mr. Justice Reed, Mr. Justice Frankfurter, Mr.
Justice Douglas, and Mr. Justice Murphy.
Nathan Cockrell, of Tallahassee, Fla.; Trenton Meredith, of Wash-
ington, D. C.; Oswald G. Hayes, of Washington, D. C.; John J. Klein,
of New York City; Barbara W. Goodall, of Chicago, Ill.; Claudius
Oscar Wolfe, of San Antonio, Tex.; and Charles F. Risk, of Pawtucket,
R. I., were admitted to practice.
No. 624. Phoenix Finance Corporation, petitioner, v. Iowa-Wiscon-
sin Bridge Company. Argued by Mr. James R. Morford for the
petitioner, and by Mr. Fred A. Ontjes for the respondent.
No. 577. Arthur W. Mitchell, appellant, v. The United States
of America et al. Argument commenced by Mr. Arthur W. Mitchell
for the appellant; continued by Mr. Richard E. Westbrooks for the
appellant; by Mr. J. Stanley Payne for the appellee, The Interstate
Commerce Commission; by Mr. Wallace T. Hughes for the appellee,
Frank O. Lowden et al., Trustees, etc.; and concluded by Mr. Arthur W.
Mitchell for the appellant; and case submitted by Mr. Solicitor General
Biddle, Mr. Warner W. Gardner, and Mr. Frank Coleman for the
appellee, The United States.
No. 584. Commercial Molasses Corporation, petitioner, v. New
York Tank Barge Corporation, as chartered owner of the Tank Barge
“T. N. No. 73." Argument commenced by Mr. T. Catesby Jones for
the petitioner.
Adjourned until tomorrow at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Friday, March 14, will be as follows: Nos. 584,
603, 658, and 616.
Х
266260-41 -68

FRIDAY, MARCH 14, 1941
176
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: The Chief Justice, Mr. Justice Stone, Mr. Justice Roberts,
Mr. Justice Black, Mr. Justice Reed, Mr. Justice Frankfurter, Mr.
Justice Douglas, and Mr. Justice Murphy.
D. Arthur Walker, of Arkansas City, Kans.; Frank Funston Eck-
dall, of Emporia, Kans.; Maurice K. Topson, of Columbus, Ohio;
Frank A. Mouritsen, of Washington, D. C.; John H. Doyle, of Cin-
cinnati, Ohio; Alfonso J. Zirpoli, of San Francisco, Calif.; James G.
Mitchell, of New York City; Margaret Bennett Porter, of Chicago,
Ill. and John Wolcott Porter, of Boston, Mass., were admitted to
practice.
No. 584. Commercial Molasses Corporation, petitioner, v. New
York Tank Barge Corporation, as chartered owner of the Tank Barge
"T. N. No. 73." Argument continued by Mr. T. Catesby Jones for the
petitioner; by Mr. Robert S. Erskine for the respondent; and con-
cluded by Mr. T. Catesby Jones for the petitions.
No. 603. H. A. Gray, as Director of the Bituminous Coal Division
of the Department of the Interior, et al., petitioners, v. Legh R.
Powell, Jr., and Henry W. Anderson, as Receivers, etc. Argued by
Mr. Robert L. Stern for the petitioners and by Mr. Joseph F. Johnston
and Mr. W. R. C. Cocke for the respondents.
No. 658. Lambiris Skiriotes, appellant, v. The State of Florida.
Argued by Mr. W. B. Dickenson for the appellant and by Mr. Nathan
Cockrell for the appellee.
No. 616. The United States of America, appellant, v. Leamon
Resler et al. Argued by Mr. Fowler Hamilton for the appellant and
case submitted by Mr. Harry S. Silverstein for the appellees.
Adjourned until Monday, March 17, next, at 12 o'clock.
266260-41--69

MONDAY, MARCH 17, 1941
177
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: The Chief Justice, Mr. Justice Stone, Mr. Justice Rob-
erts, Mr. Justice Black, Mr. Justice Reed, Mr. Justice Frankfurter,
Mr. Justice Douglas, and Mr. Justice Murphy.
Sam M. Russell, of Stephenville, Tex.; George V. Cavanaugh, of
Mishawaka, Ind.; Josiah F. Henry, Jr., of Baltimore, Md.; Robert
H. Kleeb, of Pittsburgh, Pa.; Allan R. Rosenberg, of Washington,
D. C.; and Beatrice A. McMichael, of Fargo, N. Dak., were ad-
mitted to practice.
No. 425. The Metropolitan Casualty Insurance Company of New
York, petitioner, v. Frank Stevens. On writ of certiorari to the
Supreme Court of the State of Michigan. Judgment affirmed with
costs. Opinion by Mr. Justice Murphy.
No. 257. Jay C. Hormel, petitioner, v. Guy T. Helvering, Com-
missioner of Internal Revenue. On writ of certiorari to the United
States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Eighth Circuit. Judgment
affirmed and cause remanded to the Circuit Court of Appeals with
directions to remand to the Board of Tax Appeals for further pro-
ceedings in accordance with the opinion of this Court. Opinion by
Mr. Justice Black.
No. 516. Guy T. Helvering, Commissioner of Internal Revenue,
petitioner, v. O. G. Richter. On writ of certiorari to the United
States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Third Circuit. Judgment
reversed and cause remanded to the Circuit Court of Appeals with
directions to remand to the Board of Tax Appeals for rehearing in
the light of the Clifford case. Opinion by Mr. Justice Black.
The Chief Justice announced the following orders of the Court:
No. 625. Utilities Insurance Company, petitioner, v. Charles H.
Potter and R. O. Burbridge. On writ of certiorari to the Supreme
Court of the State of Oklahoma. Per curiam: The writ of certiorari
is dismissed for the reason that the judgment of the Supreme Court
of Oklahoma rests upon a nonfederal ground adequate to support
it. Atlantic Coast Line v. Mims, 242 U. S. 532, 535; Nevada-Cali-
266260-41 -70

MONDAY, MARCH 17, 1941
178
fornia-Oregon Ry. v. Burrus, 244 U. S. 103, 105; Hartford Life Ins.
Co. v. Johnson, 249 U. S. 490, 492–493.
No. 631. Edward Casebeer, petitioner, v. Robert H. Hudspeth,
Warden, United States Penitentiary, Leavenworth, Kansas. On peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of
Appeals for the Tenth Circuit. Per curiam: The motion for leave
to proceed in forma pauperis is granted, the petition for writ of cer-
tiorari is also granted, the judgment is reversed, and the cause is
remanded to the Circuit Court of Appeals with directions to recon-
sider the petitioner's appeal in the light of a transcript of the
testimony taken at the hearing on the petition for habeas corpus.
No. 744. Ida Mae Posey, petitioner, v. The United States of
America. On petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Cir-
cuit Court of Appeals for the Sixth Circuit. Per curiam: On the
Government's confession of error, the petition for writ of certiorari
is granted, the judgment is reversed, and the cause is remanded to
the District Court with directions to grant the motion to suppress.
The Chief Justice said:
"The other orders of the Court appear upon the list certified by the
Chief Justice and filed with the Clerk and will not be announced
orally."
--
No. Ex parte Isom J. Guillory, petitioner. The application for
a stay, presented to Mr. Justice Black and referred by him to the
Court, is denied.
No. . Ex parte Cecil L. Snyder, petitioner. Application denied.
No., original. Ex parte Clarence Scott, petitioner. The motion
for leave to file petition for writ of habeas corpus is denied.
No. 9, original. State of Arkansas, complainant, v. State of Ten-
nessee.
DECREE
On consideration of the report filed herein on February 24, 1941,
by W. H. Green and O. W. Gauss, the Commissioners appointed
herein by decree of this Court entered October 14, 1940 (311 U. S.
1), to locate and mark on the ground the boundary between the
State of Arkansas and the State of Tennessee, at the points desig-
nated in said decree; and the State of Arkansas and the State of
Tennessee having stipulated by counsel that they have no exceptions
and no objections to the said report, and they having applied to this
Court to terminate the time within which exceptions or objections to
said report may be filed:
It is now adjudged, ordered, and decreed as follows:

MONDAY, MARCH 17, 1941
179
1. The time within which exceptions or objections to said report
may be filed is hereby terminated;
2. The said report is in all respects confirmed;
3. The boundary line marked and located on the ground as set
forth by the report and accompanying map is established and de-
clared to be the true boundary between the State of Arkansas and the
State of Tennessee, as determined by the decree of this Court of
October 14, 1940;
4. As it appears that the Commissioners have completed their work
in conformity with the decree of this Court of October 14, 1940, they
are hereby discharged, and their fees and expenses in the amounts
stated in the report are approved;
5. The Clerk of this Court is directed to transmit to the Chief
Magistrates of the States of Arkansas and Tennessee copies of this
decree, duly authenticated under the seal of this Court, together with
copies of the said report of the Commissioners and of the accompany-
ing map;
6. The costs in this cause shall be borne and paid in equal parts
by the States of Arkansas and Tennessee.
No. 268. Missouri-Kansas Pipe Line Company, appellant, v. The
United States of America, Columbia Gas & Electric Corporation, Co-
lumbia Oil & Gasoline Corporation, et al.; and
No. 269. Panhandle Eastern Pipe Line Company, appellant, v.
The United States of America, Columbia Gas & Electric Corporation,
Columbia Oil & Gasoline Corporation, et al.
It is ordered that in the sentence beginning on line 6 of page 2 of
the opinion handed down March 3, 1941, after the words "These acts
stifled" and before the word "Panhandle's" there be inserted the words
", so it was claimed,".
It is further ordered that the paragraph beginning on page 4 of the
opinion be stricken from the opinion and that the following paragraph
be added in its place:
"A final contention in support of the order remains. It is based on
two prior denials of motions by Mokan to intervene. Treating Mo-
kan's motions as made on its own behalf on the score of its ownership of
more than forty percent of Panhandle's stock, the district court denied
the motions. Appeals from these denials were dismissed by the circuit
court of appeals, 108 F. (2d) 614, and we denied certiorari, 309 U. S.
687. The denials are now urged as res judicata. But they were a
rejection of Mokan's attempt to intervene in its own behalf. In neither
instance was the relief denied deemed a mode of enforcing Panhandle's
rights under Sections IV and V of the Decree. The earlier denials
involved different legal claims from that now asserted, and, therefore,
are no bar to the present proceeding."
The petition for rehearing in No. 268 is denied.

MONDAY, MARCH 17, 1941
180
No. 594. Union Pacific Railroad Company et al., appellants, v.
The United States of America et al. The motion to postpone argu-
ment is denied. The case is assigned for argument on Wednesday,
April 9, next.
No. 647. Jennings B. Monsen, petitioner, v. The United States of
America. On petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Circuit Court of Appeals for the Seventh Circuit ;
No. 742. Mattie Morgan, petitioner, v. The United States of
America. On petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Circuit Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit; and
No. 754. State of Ohio, ex rel. William Smith, petitioner, v.
Hector S. Young, Judge of the Court of Common Pleas, Marion
County, Ohio, et al. On petition for writ of certiorari to the Su-
preme Court of the State of Ohio. The motions for leave to proceed
further herein in forma pauperis are denied for the reason that the
Court, upon examination of the papers herein submitted, finds no
ground upon which writs of certiorari should be issued. The peti-
tions for writs of certiorari are therefore also denied.
No. 755. J. Rob Griffin, Administrator with the will annexed of
the Estate of Robert D. Gordon, deceased, petitioner, v. John D.
McCoach, Trustee. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United
States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit granted and
case assigned for argument immediately following No. 741.
No. 731. Arthur E. Morgan, petitioner, v. Tennessee Valley Au-
thority et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Circuit Court of Appeals for the Sixth Circuit denied. Mr. Justice
Frankfurter took no part in the consideration and decision of this
application.
No. 757. Crab Orchard Improvement Company, petitioner, v.
Chesapeake and Ohio Railway Company. Petition for writ of cer-
tiorari to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Fourth
Circuit denied. Mr. Justice Reed took no part in the consideration
and decision of this application.
No. 762. John H. McGloon, petitioner, v. The United States of
America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Cir-
cuit Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit denied. Mr. Justice
Douglas and Mr. Justice Murphy took no part in the consideration
and decision of this application.
No. 648. Manuel V. Domenech, Treasurer, petitioner, v. San Juan
Trading Company, Inc.; and
No. 679. San Juan Trading Co., Inc., petitioner, v. Manuel V.
Domenech, Treasurer of Puerto Rico. Petitions for writs of cer-
tiorari to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the First
Circuit denied.

MONDAY, MARCH 17, 1941
181
No. 712. Earle E. Kynette, petitioner, v. The People of the State
of California. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court
of the State of California denied.
No. 721. Reid B. Scott, petitioner, v. Aaron Cohen. Petition for
writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for
the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 752. Southwestern Hotel Company, petitioner, v. The United
States of America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United
States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 760. Albert K. Miller, petitioner, v. Commissioner of In-
ternal Revenue. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Circuit Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit denied.
No. 761. J. Bush Crenshaw, petitioner, v. The United States of
America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Cir-
cuit Court of Appeals for the Sixth Circuit denied.
No. 764. Guy T. Helvering, Commissioner of Internal Revenue,
petitioner, v. The Cleveland Trust Company, Trustee, etc. Petition
for writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals
for the Sixth Circuit denied.
No. 765. John Cotsirilos, petitioner, v. Maurice Klein, Trustee.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of
Appeals for the Seventh Circuit denied.
No. 788. New York Life Insurance Company, petitioner, v. Laura
K. Griesedieck. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Circuit Court of Appeals for the Eighth Circuit denied.
No. 1. Milk Wagon Drivers Union of Chicago, Local 753, etc.,
et al., petitioners, v. Meadowmoor Dairies, Inc. The motion for leave
to file petition for rehearing is granted. The petition for rehearing
is denied.
No. 190. Harry C. Kelly, petitioner, v. James A. Johnston,
Warden, etc.;
No. 255. Fred W. Nelson, as Chairman of the State Tax Commis-
sion, etc., et al., petitioners, v. Sears, Roebuck and Co.;
No. 256. Fred W. Nelson, as Chairman of the State Tax Commis-
sion, etc., et al., petitioners, v. Montgomery Ward and Co., Inc.; and
No. 696. Milo W. Bekins and Reed J. Bekins, as Trustees, etc.,
et al., petitioners, v. Lindsay-Strathmore Irrigation District; and
No. 698. James H. Jordan et al., petitioners, v. Palo Verde Irri-
gation District. Petitions for rehearing denied.
Adjourned until Monday, March 31, next at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Monday, March 31, will be as follows: Nos. 601,
588, 629, 654, 655, 408 (and 409), 683, 586, 627, and 676.

MONDAY, MARCH 31, 1941
182
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: The Chief Justice, Mr. Justice Stone, Mr. Justice Roberts,
Mr. Justice Black, Mr. Justice Reed, Mr. Justice Frankfurter, Mr.
Justice Douglas, and Mr. Justice Murphy.
Walter K. Mitchell, of Santa Monica, Calif.; Charles F. Nolan,
of Oshkosh, Wis.; Harold R. Ratcliff, of Memphis, Tenn.; Cecil B.
Nance, or Marion, Ark.; John E. Porte, of New York City; Carlyle
Michelman, of Detroit, Mich.; Samuel O. Foss, Jr., of Auburn, Me.;
Charles A. Pomeroy, of Auburn, Me.; Henry Hammer, of Pas-
saic, N. J.; Fred C. McClurg, of Indianapolis, Ind.; John Malcolm
Smith, of Marion, Ark.; LeRoy D. Owen, of Los Angeles, Calif.;
Francis Johns Gafford, of Easton, Pa.; and Edward S. Shattuck,
of Los Angeles, Calif., were admitted to practice.
No. 517. Walter M. Hort, petitioner, v. Commissioner of Internal
Revenue. On writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court
of Appeals for the Second Circuit. Judgment affirmed and cause
remanded to the said Circuit Court of Appeals. Opinion by Mr.
Justice Murphy.
No. 346. Jeremiah D. Maguire and Ruth S. Maguire, petitioners,
v. Commissioner of Internal Revenue. On writ of certiorari to
the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Seventh Cir-
cuit. Judgment affirmed and cause remanded to the said Circuit
Court of Appeals. Opinion by Mr. Justice Douglas. Dissenting:
The Chief Justice and Mr. Justice Roberts.
No. 472. Guy T. Helvering, Commissioner of Internal Revenue,
petitioner, v. Richard Van Nest Gambrill. On writ of certiorari
to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Second Cir-
cuit. Judgment reversed and cause remanded to the said Circuit
Court of Appeals for further proceedings in conformity with the
opinion of this Court. Opinion by Mr. Justice Douglas. Dissent-
ing: The Chief Justice and Mr. Justice Roberts.
No. 473. Guy T. Helvering, Commissioner of Internal Revenue,
petitioner, v. Marjorie K. Campbell;
No. 474. Guy T. Helvering, Commissioner of Internal Revenue,
petitioner, v. Seymour H. Knox; and
266260-41- -71

MONDAY, MARCH 31, 1941
183
No. 475. Guy T. Helvering, Commissioner of Internal Revenue,
petitioner, v. Dorothy K. G. Rogers. On writs of certiorari to the
United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit.
Judgments reversed and cases remanded to the said Circuit Court
of Appeals for further proceedings in conformity with the opinion
of this Court. Opinion by Mr. Justice Douglas. Dissenting: The
Chief Justice and Mr. Justice Roberts.
No. 529. National Labor Relations Board v. White Swan Company.
On certificate from the United States Circuit Court of Appeals
for the Fourth Circuit. Certificate dismissed.
Certificate dismissed. Opinion by Mr.
Justice Douglas.
No. 436. Guy T. Helvering, Commissioner of Internal Revenue,
petitioner, v. Estate of John M. Enright, deceased, James G. En-
right et al. On writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit
Court of Appeals for the Third Circuit. Judgment of the Cir-
cuit Court of Appeals reversed and the decision of the Board of
Tax Appeals affirmed and cause remanded to the Circuit Court
of Appeals. Opinion by Mr. Justice Reed.
No. 479. Norman J. Pfaff and Frank B. Wallace, Executors of the
Estate of William L. Wallace, deceased, petitioners, v. Commissioner
of Internal Revenue. On writ of certiorari to the United States
Circuit Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit. Judgment af-
firmed and cause remanded to the said Circuit Court of Appeals.
Opinion by Mr. Justice Reed.
No. 549. Public Service Commission of the State of Missouri et al.,
petitioners, v. Brashear Freight Lines, Inc., et al. On writ of cer-
tiorari to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Eighth
Circuit. Judgment reversed with costs and cause remanded to the
District Court of the United States for the Western District of
Missouri for further proceedings in conformity with the opinion
of this Court. Opinion by Mr. Justice Black.
No. 550. Earl Moore, petitioner, v. Illinois Central Railroad Com-
pany. On writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of
Appeals for the Fifth Circuit. Judgment of the Circuit Court of
Appeals reversed with costs and judgment of the District Court
affirmed and cause remanded to the District Court of the United States
for the Southern District of Mississippi. Opinion by Mr. Justice
Black. Mr. Justice Frankfurter concurs in the result.
No. 535. The United States of America, petitioner, v. The Chicago,
Milwaukee, St. Paul and Pacific Railroad Company et al. On writ
of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the
Eighth Circuit. Judgment reversed and cause remanded to the Dis-
trict Court of the United States for the District of Minnesota for

MONDAY, MARCH 31, 1941
184
further proceedings in conformity with the opinion of this Court.
Opinion by Mr. Justice Roberts.
No. 484. The United States of America, petitioner, v. The Cooper
Corporation et al. On writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit
Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit. Judgment affirmed and
cause remanded to the District Court of the United States for the
Southern District of New York. Opinion by Mr. Justice Roberts.
Mr. Justice Murphy took no part in the consideration or decision of
this case. Dissenting opinion by Mr. Justice Black in which Mr.
Justice Reed and Mr. Justice Douglas join.
No. 437. Carter H. Harrison, Collector of Internal Revenue for
the First District of Illinois, petitioner, v. Sarah H. Schaffner. On
writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for
the Seventh Circuit. Judgment reversed with costs and cause re-
manded to. the District Court of the United States for the Northern
District of Illinois for further proceedings in conformity with the
opinion of this Court. Opinion by Mr. Justice Stone.
No. 500. The United States of America, petitioner, v. Jacob L.
Sherwood. On writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court
of Appeals for the Second Circuit. Judgment reversed and cause
remanded to the District Court of the United States for the Eastern
District of New York for further proceedings in conformity with the
opinion of this Court. Opinion by Mr. Justice Stone.
No. 502. Willis Cox, Walter Chaplinsky, John Konides, et al.,
appellants, v. State of New Hampshire. Appeal from the Supreme
Court of the State of New Hampshire. Judgment affirmed with
costs. Opinion by Mr. Chief Justice Hughes.
The Chief Justice announced the following orders of the Court:
No. 79. The City Company of New York, Incorporated, petitioner,
v. Jay S. Stern; and
No. 89. Chase Securities Corporation, petitioner, v. Joseph H.
Vogel. On petitions for writs of certiorari to the United States
Circuit Court of Appeals for the Eighth Circuit. Per curiam: The
petitions for writs of certiorari are granted and the judgments are
reversed. Vandenbark v. Owens-Illinois Glass Co., No. 141, decided
January 6, 1941; Pomeroy v. National City Co., Minn. -;
Donaldson v. Chase Securities Corp'n, Minn.
remanded to the Circuit Court of Appeals for further proceedings
with respect to any questions not determined by the Supreme Court
of Minnesota in the Pomeroy and Donaldson cases.
-
-
The causes are
No. 603. H. A. Gray, as Director of the Bituminous Coal Division
of the Department of the Interior et al., petitioners, v. Legh R.

MONDAY, MARCH 31, 1941
185
Powell, Jr., and Henry W. Anderson, as Receivers of Seaboard Air
Line Railway Company. On writ of certiorari to the United States
Circuit Court of Appeals for the Fourth Circuit. Per curiam:
The judgment is affirmed by an equally divided Court.
No. 776. Guy T. Helvering, Commissioner of Internal Revenue,
petitioner, v. Nebraska Bridge Supply & Lumber Company. On
petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of
Appeals for the Eighth Circuit. Per curiam: The petition for writ
of certiorari is granted and the judgment is reversed. Helvering v.
Hammel, No. 49; Electro-Chemical Engraving Co. v. Commissioner,
No. 62, both decided January 6, 1941.
No. 789. William Cantey, petitioner, v. McLain Line, Inc., and
McLain Carolina Line, Inc. On petition for writ of certiorari to the
United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit. Per
curiam: The petition for writ of certiorari is granted, the judgment is
reversed, and the cause is remanded to the District Court for further
proceedings. South Chicago Coal & Dock Co. v. Bassett, 309 U. S.
251, 258-259.
.,
No. 805. Sun-Maid Raisin Growers Association et al., appellants,
v. The United States of America et al. Appeal from the District
Court of the United States for the Northern District of California.
Per curiam: The judgment is affirmed. Swayne & Hoyt v. United
States, 300 U. S. 297, 303–304.
The Chief Justice said:
"The other orders of the Court appear upon the list certified by
the Chief Justice and filed with the Clerk and will not be announced
orally."
ORDER
It is ordered, That the Rules of Practice and Procedure, after
plea of guilty, verdict, or finding of guilt, in criminal cases brought
in the District Courts of the United States and in the Supreme Court
of the District of Columbia, promulgated by order of May 7, 1934
(292 U. S. 661), and amended by orders of May 24, 1937 (301 U. S.
717), and May 31, 1939 (304 U. S. 592), be and they hereby are made
applicable to all proceedings after plea of guilty, verdict, or finding
of guilt by the trial court where a jury is waived, in criminal cases
in the District Courts of Alaska, Hawaii, Puerto Rico, Canal Zone,
and Virgin Islands, and in all subsequent proceedings in such cases
in the United States Circuit Courts of Appeals and in the Supreme
Court of the United States.
It is further ordered, That these Rules shall be applicable to pro-
ceedings in all cases in such courts in which a plea of guilty shall

MONDAY, MARCH 31, 1941
186
be entered or a verdict or finding of guilt shall be rendered on or
after the first day of July 1941.
No., original. Ex parte Arthur Matthew Becker, petitioner ;
and
No. -, original. Ex parte Raymond Stitely, petitioner. The
motions for leave to file petitions for writs of habeas corpus are
denied.
No. 291. Equitable Life Insurance Company of Iowa, petitioner,
v. Halsey, Stuart & Co. Ordered that the opinion in this case be
amended by striking the word "unsuccessful" from the eighth line
from the bottom of page 5. The petition for rehearing is denied.
No. 373. Charlotte Cross Just and Anne Elise Gruner, petitioners,
v. Alma Chambers, as Executrix, etc. It is ordered that the opinion
herein be amended by striking from the sixth and seventh lines of
the second paragraph on page two the words, "and does not appear
to be disputed here." The petition for rehearing is denied.
No. 537. Fashion Originators' Guild of America, Inc., et al., peti-
tioners, v. Federal Trade Commission. It is ordered that the last
two sentences of the last full paragraph on page 2 of the opinion
handed down March 3 be amended to read as follows: "And the power
of the combination is made even greater by reason of the affiliation of
some members of the National Federation of Textiles, Inc.-that being
an organization composed of about one hundred textile manufacturers,
converters, dyers, and printers of silk and rayon used in making
women's garments. Those members of the Federation who are affil-
iated with the Guild have agreed to sell their products only to those
garment manufacturers who have in turn agreed to sell only to co-
operating retailers.”
No. 772. Horace Lee Bartindale, petitioner, v. The People of the
State of New York. On petition for writ of certiorari to the County
Court of Rockland County, State of New York; and
No. 813. Miss Annie C. Lewis, petitioner, v. State of Louisiana.
On petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of the State
of Louisiana. The motions for leave to proceed further herein in
forma pauperis are denied for the reason that the Court, upon exami-
nation of the papers herein submitted, finds no ground upon which
writs of certiorari should be issued. The petitions for writs of cer-
tiorari are therefore also denied.
No. 832. State of Oklahoma, ex rel. Leon C. Phillips, Governor of
the State of Oklahoma, appellant, v. Guy F. Atkinson Company et al.
In this case probable jurisdiction is noted.
No. 277. The Automatic Devices Corporation, petitioner, v. Sinko
Tool & Manufacturing Company. The motion for leave to file peti-
266260-41—71

MONDAY, MARCH 31, 1941
187
tion for rehearing is granted. The petition for rehearing is granted.
The order denying certiorari is vacated and the petition for writ of
certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Seventh
Circuit is granted, limited to the question whether claims 2, 3, and 11
of the Mead patent No. 1,736,544 are valid.
No. 782. American Surety Company of New York, petitioner, v.
The Bethlehem National Bank of Bethlehem, Pennsylvania, et al.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of
Appeals for the Third Circuit granted.
No. 758. National Labor Relations Board, petitioner, v. Virginia
Electric and Power Company; and
No. 759. National Labor Relations Board, petitioner, v. The Inde-
pendent Organization of Employees of the Virginia Electric and
Power Company. Petition for writs of certiorari to the United
States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Fourth Circuit granted.
No. 812. Textile Mills Securities Corporation, petitioner, v. Com-
missioner of Internal Revenue. Petition for writ of certiorari to
the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Third Circuit
granted.
No. 777. The People of the State of Illinois, ex rel. Garfield R.
Leaf, County Treasurer, ex officio County Collector, Lake County,
petitioner, v. E. R. Orvis. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
Supreme Court of the State of Illinois denied for the want of a final
judgment.
No. 783. Orman W. Ewing, petitioner, v. National Airport Cor-
poration. The motion to consider the petition on appendices to
briefs filed in the Circuit Court of Appeals is granted. The peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of
Appeals for the Fourth Circuit is denied.
No. 756. Margaret B. Carpenter and Leroy E. Carpenter, peti-
tioners, v. The Superior Court of the State of California in and for
the County of Los Angeles. The motion for leave to use the record.
in No. 93 of this Term is granted. The petition for writ of certiorari
to the Supreme Court of the State California is denied.
No. 768. George Dixon, James Cole, et al., petitioners, v. The
United States of America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Eighth Circuit
denied.
No. 773. Queen Insurance Company of America, petitioner, v.
Guy T. Helvering, Commissioner of Internal Revenue. Petition for
writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for
the Second Circuit denied.

MONDAY, MARCH 31, 1941
188
No. 774. O. C. Altmaier, petitioner, v. Commissioner of Internal
Revenue. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit
Court of Appeals for the Sixth Circuit denied.
No. 780. Alva Mae Reeley, Widow, etc., petitioner, v. The Pennsyl-
vania Railroad Company. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
Court of Appeals of the State of Maryland denied.
No. 787. The Ohio National Life Insurance Company, petitioner,
v. Morris B. Sachs, T. C. Witt, et al. Petition for writ of certiorari
to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Seventh Cir-
cuit denied.
No. 790. John T. Walker, Matilda W. Constable, et al., petitioners,
v. Ray J. O'Brien et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United
States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit denied.
No. 791. The Mutual Life Insurance Company of New York, peti-
tioner, v. Helene Heilbronner, Guardian, etc. Petition for writ of
certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the
Eighth Circuit denied.
No. 800. Norman B. Frost and Frederic N. Towers, two of the
executors of and Trustees under the will of Mary H. Lincoln, de-
ceased, et al., petitioners, v. American Security and Trust Company
et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of
Appeals for the District of Columbia denied.
No. 820. Gerritsen Basin Development Corporation, petitioner, v.
The City of New York;
No. 821. Gerritsen Basin Development Corporation, petitioner, v.
The City of New York; and
No. 822. Gerritsen Basin Development Corporation, petitioner, v.
The City of New York. Petition for writs of certiorari to the Court
of Appeals of the State of New York denied.
No. 738. General Motors Corporation (as Transferee in complete
liquidation of Walter J. Bemb, Inc.), petitioner, v. The United States.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Claims denied.
No. 739. United Motor Service, Incorporated, petitioner, v. The
United States. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Claims
denied.
No. 766. Milk Control Commission of the Commonwealth of
Pennsylvania, petitioner, v. Clarence Green, Trading as Green's Dairy
et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of the
Commonwealth of Pennsylvania denied.
No. 771. British American Oil Producing Company, petitioner, v.
D. M. Buffington and C. R. Smith. Petition for writ of certiorari
to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit
denied.

MONDAY, MARCH 31, 1941
189
No. 775. California Lumbermen's Council et al., petitioners, v.
Federal Trade Commission. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit denied.
No. 778. New Jersey Worsted Mills, petitioner, v. Olive Ripley
Gnichtel et al., as Executors, etc. Petition for writ of certiorari to
the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Third Circuit
denied.
No. 786. Cherry-Burrell Corporation and The Girdler Corpora-
tion, petitioners, v. The Creamery Package Manufacturing Company.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of
Appeals for the Third Circuit denied.
No. 801. Jack Schneider, petitioner, v. The People of the State of
New York. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of General
Sessions, County of New York, State of New York, denied.
No., original. Ex parte Cleio Hull, petitioner. The motion for
leave to file exhibits is granted. The petition for rehearing is denied.
No. 310. Weightstill Woods, Court Trustee, petitioner, v. City
National Bank and Trust Company of Chicago et al. The motion
for leave to file petition for rehearing is granted. The petition for
rehearing is denied.
No. 608. Walter B. Mitchell, petitioner, v. Board of Governors of
Washington State Bar Association. The motion for leave to file a
second petition for rehearing is denied.
No. 663. Julia Obartuch, petitioner, v. Security Mutual Life In-
surance Company;
No. 672. H. B. Nelson Construction Company, petitioner, v. The
United States; and
No. 673. H. B. Nelson Construction Company, petitioner, v. The
United States. Petitions for rehearing denied.
No. 678. The Baltimore & Ohio Railroad Company, petitioner, v.
Frederick S. Kepner. Motion of Brotherhood of Railroad Train-
men for leave to file a brief as amicus curiae submitted by Mr. Alvin
L. Newmyer in that behalf and the motion denied.
No. 714. Millie A. Christenson, Administratrix, etc., petitioner, v.
Union Pacific Railroad Company. On writ of certiorari to the
Supreme Court of the State of Nebraska. Dismissed per stipulation
of counsel.
No. 842. Lucile Page, petitioner, v. Warren Wright. On petition
for writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals
for the Seventh Circuit. Dismissed on motion of counsel for the
petitioner.

MONDAY, MARCH 31, 1941
190
No. 601. Paul W. Sampsell, as Trustee, etc., petitioner, v. Imperial
Paper and Color Corporation. Argued by Mr. Thomas S. Tobin
for the petitioner and by Mr. Hiram E. Casey for the respondent.
No. 629. Sterling P. Harris, Administrator, etc., petitioner, v.
Zion's Saving Bank and Trust Company. Argued by Mr. J. D.
Skeen for the petitioner and by Mr. Hadlond P. Thomas for the
respondent.
Adjourned until tomorrow at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Tuesday, April 1, will be as follows: Nos. 654,
655, 408 (and 409), 683, 586, 676, 678, 686, 627, and 687.

TUESDAY, APRIL 1, 1941
191
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: The Chief Justice, Mr. Justice Stone, Mr. Justice Roberts,
Mr. Justice Black, Mr. Justice Reed, Mr. Justice Frankfurter, Mr.
Justice Douglas, and Mr. Justice Murphy.
Maurice V. B. Brooks, of Abilene, Tex.; W. Hamilton Whiteford,
of Baltimore, Md.; William Walden Shepherd, of Little Rock, Ark.;
George Frederick Unmacht, of Washington, D. C.; Burt L. Smelker,
of Washington, D. C.; George C. Saltzman, of Pittsburgh, Pa.; J.
Sloan Kuykendall, of Winchester, Va.; Harold J. Wiley, of Wash-
ington, D. C.; A. Camp Bonds, of Muskogee, Okla.; William Joseph
McFarland, of Los Angeles, Calif.; and David Vorhaus, of New
York City, were admitted to practice.
No. 654. Department of Treasury of the State of Indiana et al.,
etc., petitioners, v. The Wood Preserving Corporation. Argument
commenced by Mr. Joseph P. McNamara for the petitioners; con-
tinued by Mr. Harry T. Ice for the respondent; and concluded by
Mr. Joseph W. Hutchinson for the petitioners.
No. 655. Department of Treasury of the State of Indiana et al..
etc., petitioners, v. Ingram-Richardson Manufacturing Company of
Indiana, Inc. Argued by Mr. Joseph P. McNamara for the peti-
tioners and by Mr. Earl B. Barnes for the respondent.
No. 408. City Bank Farmers Trust Company, as Trustee, etc.,
petitioner, v. Commissioner of Internal Revenue; and
No. 409. City Bank Farmers Trust Company, as Trustee, etc.,
petitioner, v. Commissioner of Internal Revenue. Argued by Mr.
Rollin Browne for the petitioner and by Mr. Arnold Raum for the
respondent.
Adjourned until tomorrow at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Wednesday, April 2, will be as follows: Nos. 683,
586, 676, 678, 686, 627, 687, 709, 715, and 740.
☑
266260-41-73

WEDNESDAY, APRIL 2, 1941
192
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: The Chief Justice, Mr. Justice Stone, Mr. Justice Roberts,
Mr. Justice Black, Mr. Justice Reed, Mr. Justice Frankfurter, Mr.
Justice Douglas, and Mr. Justice Murphy.
J. Randall Creel, of New York City; Samuel T. Gaines, of Cleve-
land, Ohio; Herman B. J. Weckstein, of Newark, N. J.; Clarence
E. Martin, Jr., of Martinsburg, W. Va.; Harry A. Allan, of Albany,
N. Y.; and Jack Goodman, of Albany, N. Y., were admitted to
practice.
No. 2, original. State of Wisconsin et al., complainants, v. State of
Illinois et al.;
No. 3, original. State of Michigan, complainant, v. State of Illinois
et al.; and
No. 4, original. State of New York, complainant, v. State of Illinois
et al. Report of the Special Master presented.
No. 14, original. Forrest Holiday, petitioner, v. James A. John-
ston, Warden, etc. It is ordered that Charles A. Horsky, Esquire,
of Washington, D. C., a member of the bar of this Court, be ap-
pointed to serve as counsel for the petitioner in this case.
No. 709. J. H. Wood and J. H. Knowlton, appellants, v. T. S.
Lovett, Jr. Submitted by Mr. J. G. Burke for the appellants and
by Mr. Walter G. Riddick for the appellee.
No. 683. The United States, petitioner, v. Herbert Rivington Pyne
et al., Executors etc. Argued by Mr. Arnold Raum for the petitioner
and Mr. Allan G. Gartner for the respondents.
No. 586. New York, Chicago & St. Louis Railroad Company, ap-
pellant, v. Dorothea T. Frank. Argued by Mr. William J. Donovan
for the appellant and by Mr. Louis J. Vorhaus for the appellee.
No. 676. Caskey Baking Company, Inc., appellant, v. Common-
wealth of Virginia. Argument commenced by Mr. R. Gray Williams
for the appellant, continued by Mr. Abram P. Staples for the ap-
pellee; and concluded by Mr. Clarence E. Martin for the appellant.
266260-41--74

WEDNESDAY, APRIL 2, 1941
193
No. 678. The Baltimore and Ohio Railroad Company, petitioner,
v. Frederick S. Kepner. Argument commenced by Mr. Morison R.
Waite for the petitioner.
Adjourned until tomorrow at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Thursday, April 3, will be as follows: Nos. 678,
686, 627, 687, 740, 715, 618, 666, 628, and 727.
"
་

THURSDAY, APRIL 3, 1941
194
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: The Chief Justice, Mr. Justice Stone, Mr. Justice Roberts,
Mr. Justice Black, Mr. Justice Reed, Mr. Justice Frankfurter, Mr.
Justice Douglas, and Mr. Justice Murphy.
Montraville Walker Egerton, of Knoxville, Tenn.; James Ander-
son Young, of Boise, Idaho; Leon M. Despres, of Chicago, Ill.;
Ralph L. Kaskell, Jr., of New York City; and James Lee Clarke, Jr.,
of Knoxville, Tenn.; were admitted to practice.
No. 678. The Baltimore and Ohio Railroad Company, petitioner,
v. Frederick S. Kepner. Argument continued by Mr. Morison R.
Waite for the petitioner; by Mr. Samuel T. Gaines for the respond-
ent; and concluded by Mr. Harry H. Byrer for the petitioner.
No. 686. George C. Reitz, appellant, v. Carroll E. Mealey, as Com-
missioner, etc. Argued by Mr. Harry A. Allan for the appellant
and by Mr. Jack Goodman for the appellee.
No. 627. Guy T. Helvering, Commissioner of Internal Revenue,
petitioner, v. William Flaccus Oak Leather Company. Argued by
Mr. J. Louis Monarch for the petitioner and by Mr. John A. McCann
for the respondent.
No. 687. The People of the State of California, petitioner, v.
E. W. Thompson. Argued by Mr. William J. McFarland for the
petitioner. No appearance for the respondent.
No. 740. Julia C. Gelfert, as Sole Surviving Executor, etc., peti-
tioner, v. National City Bank of New York. Argument commenced
by Mr. George Link, Jr., for the petitioner.
Adjourned until tomorrow at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Friday, April 4, will be as follows: Nos. 740, 715,
618, 666, 628, 727, 732, 594, 640, and 741.
266260-41-75
i
4

FRIDAY, APRIL 4, 1941
195
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: The Chief Justice, Mr. Justice Stone, Mr. Justice Roberts,
Mr. Justice Black, Mr. Justice Reed, Mr. Justice Frankfurter, Mr.
Justice Douglas, and Mr. Justice Murphy.
Gerhard A. Gesell, of New Haven, Conn.; Leonard A. Thomas, of
New York City; Robt. W. Dew, of New York City; W. Russell Mules,
of Baltimore, Md.; Reuben Ruthenburg, of Louisville, Ky.; and Denis
Mulligan, of Washington, D. C., were admitted to practice.
No. 740. Julia C. Gelfert, as Sole Surviving Executor, etc., peti-
tioner, v. National City Bank of New York. Argument continued
by Mr. George Link, Jr., for the petitioners; by Mr. Barney B. Fen-
sterstock for the respondent; and concluded by Mr. George Link, Jr.,
for the petitioners.
No. 715. The Arkansas Corporation Commission et al., petition-
ers, v. Guy A. Thompson, as Trustee of Missouri Pacific Railroad
Company, Debtor. Argued by Mr. Joseph M. Hill and Mr. Leffel
Gentry for the petitioners and by Mr. James M. Chaney for the
respondent.
Adjourned until Monday next at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Monday, April 7, will be as follows: Nos. 618,
666, 628, 727, 732, 671, 594, 640, and 741.
266260-41-
-76
Х

MONDAY, APRIL 7, 1941
196
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: The Chief Justice, Mr. Justice Stone, Mr. Justice Roberts,
Mr. Justice Black, Mr. Justice Reed, Mr. Justice Frankfurter, Mr.
Justice Douglas, and Mr. Justice Murphy.
Ernest A. Martin, of Longview, Tex.; W. M. Sutton, of Amarillo,
Tex.; Clio Edwin Straight, of Sioux City, Iowa; John Young
Brown, of Lexington, Ky.; Andrew C. Scott, of Chicago, Ill.; Joseph
A. Lynch, of Kansas City, Kans.; and John N. Monteith, of Kansas
City, Mo., were admitted to practice.
The Chief Justice announced the following orders of the Court:
No. 54. Martin J. Bernards and Lena Bernards, petitioners, v.
M. R. Johnson, Catherine Collins, et al. On writ of certiorari to
the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit;
No. 133. Major Raymond Lisenba, petitioner, v. The People of the
State of California; and
No. 134. Major Raymond Lisenba, petitioner, v. The People of
the State of California. On writs of certiorari to the Supreme Court
of the State of California;
No. 586. New York, Chicago, St. Louis Railroad Company, appel-
lant, v. Dorothea T. Frank. Appeal from the Supreme Court of the
State of New York; and
No. 587. Samuel R. Toucey, petitioner, v. New York Life Insur-
ance Company. On writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit
Court of Appeals for the Eighth Circuit. Per curiam: The judg-
ments are affirmed by an equally divided Court.
No. 697. Samuel White, petitioner, v. James A. Johnston, Warden,
U. S. Penitentiary, Alcatraz, California. On petition for writ of cer-
tiorari to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Ninth
Circuit. Per curiam: The Solicitor General having confessed error,
the motion for leave to proceed in forma pauperis and the petition for
writ of certiorari are granted, the judgment is reversed, and the
cause is remanded to the District Court with directions to find the
facts specially and state separately its conclusions of law in accord-
ance with Rule 52 (a) of the Rules of Civil Procedure.
No. 839. The United States of America, appellant, v. Building and
Construction Trades Council of New Orleans, Louisiana, et al. Ap-
266260-41-77

MONDAY, APRIL 7, 1941
197
peal from the District Court of the United States for the Eastern
District of Louisiana. Per curiam: The judgment is affirmed.
United States v. Hutcheson, No. 43, decided February 3, 1941. Mr.
Justice Murphy took no part in the consideration or decision of
this case.
No. 840. The United States of America, appellant, v. The United
Brotherhood of Carpenters and Joiners of America et al. Appeal
from the District Court of the United States for the Northern Dis-
trict of Illinois. Per curiam: The judgment is affirmed. United
States v. Hutcheson, No. 43, decided February 3, 1941. Mr. Justice
Murphy took no part in the consideration or decision of this case.
No. 841. The United States of America, appellant, v. International
Hod Carriers' and Common Laborers' District Council of Chicago
and Vicinity et al. Appeal from the District Court of the United
States for the Northern District of Illinois. Per curiam: The mo-
tion to affirm is granted and the judgment is affirmed. United States
v. Hutcheson, No. 43, decided February 3, 1941. Mr. Justice Mur-
phy took no part in the consideration or decision of this cause.
No. 845. A. F. & G. Realty Corporation et al., appellants, v. The
City of New York. Appeal from the Supreme Court of the State of
New York. Per curiam: The motion to affirm is granted and the
judgment is affirmed. (1) Violet Trapping Co. v. Grace, 297 U. S. 119,
190; Ingraham v. Ranson, 297 U. S. 378, 381; Schenebeck v. McCrary,
298 U. S. 36, 37; (2) Perley v. North Carolina, 249 U. S. 510, 514;
Puget Sound Co. v. Seattle, 291 U. S. 619, 624.
The Chief Justice said:
"The other orders of the Court appear upon the list certified by
the Chief Justice and filed with the Clerk and will not be an-
nounced orally."
No.
No.
No.
-
,
Ex parte Samuel Lesser, petitioner. Application denied.
original. Ex parte Charles H. Knight, petitioner;
original. Ex parte Charles Von Glahn, petitioner; and
No., original. Ex parte Jack Shearer, petitioner. The mo-
tions for leave to file petitions for writs of habeas corpus are
denied.
No. 2, original. The State of Wisconsin et al., complainants, v. The
State of Illinois et al.;
No. 3, original. The State of Michigan, complainant, v. The State
of Illinois et al.; and
No. 4, original. The State of New York, complainant, v. The State
of Illinois et al. The Report of the Special Master herein is re-

MONDAY, APRIL 7, 1941
198
ceived and filed. It is ordered that exceptions to the said report,
if any, be filed on or before April 15, next. The cause is assigned
for hearing on Thursday, May 1, next, and briefs are to be ex-
changed and filed before that day.
No. 692. Ora B. Macomber, petitioner, v. Robert H. Hudspeth,
Warden, United States Penitentiary, Leavenworth, Kansas. On
petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of
Appeals for the Tenth Circuit;
No. 802. John A. Boone et al., petitioners, v. Equitable Holding
Company et al. On petition for writ of certiorari to the United
States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Fourth Circuit;
No. 811. J. H. Gale et al., petitioners, v. Union Bag and Paper
Corporation. On petition for writ of certiorari to the United
States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit; and
No. 814. Joe Vernon, petitioner, v. Earl R. Wilson, Warden of
Kilby Prison, Alabama. On petition for writ of certiorari to the Su-
preme Court of the State of Alabama. The motions for leave to pro-
ceed further herein in forma pauperis are denied for the reason that
the Court, upon examination of the papers herein submitted, finds no
ground upon which writs of certiorari should be issued. The peti-
tions for writs of certiorari are therefore also denied.
No. 449. Joe Vernon, petitioner, v. State of Alabama. The order
entered November 12, 1940, denying certiorari is vacated and the
petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of the State of
Alabama is granted. The motion for leave to proceed in forma pau
peris is granted. It is ordered that execution of the judgment and
sentence of the Supreme Court of Alabama in this case be, and the
same hereby is, stayed pending the final determination of this cause
by this Court.
No. 761. J. Bush Crenshaw, petitioner, v. The United States of
America. The petition for rehearing is granted. The order denying
certiorari is vacated and the petition for writ of certiorari to the
United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Sixth Circuit is
granted.
No. 796. Daniel D. Glasser, petitioner, v. The United States of
America;
No. 797. Norton I. Kretske, petitioner, v. The United States of
America; and
No. 798. Alfred E. Roth, petitioner, v. The United States of
America. On consideration of the suggestion of a diminution of the
record and motion for a writ of certiorari in that relation, the motion
for a writ of certiorari is granted. The petitions for writs of cer-
tiorari to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Seventh
Circuit are granted.

MONDAY, APRIL 7, 1941
199
No. 781. Cloverleaf Butter Company, petitioner, v. Haygood Pat-
terson, as Commissioner of Agriculture and Industries of the State
of Alabama, et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United
States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit granted.
No. 803. The United States of America, petitioner, v. Harry S.
Emory, St. James Distillery, Inc., et al. Petition for writ of cer-
tiorari to the Springfield Court of Appeals, State of Missouri,
granted.
No. 817. The Royal Indemnity Company, petitioner, v. The United
States of America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United
States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit granted.
No. 799. Elias Hackner et al., petitioners, v. Guaranty Trust Com-
pany of New York et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit de-
nied. Mr. Justice Roberts and Mr. Justice Douglas took no part
in the consideration and decision of this application.
No. 784. Superior Tanning Company, petitioner, v. National La-
bor Relations Board. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United
States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Seventh Circuit denied.
No. 785. Wenzel & Henock Construction Company, petitioner, v.
The Metropolitan Water District of Southern California. Petition
for writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals
for the Ninth Circuit denied.
No. 804. Harrison Parker, petitioner, v. People of the State of
Illinois. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of
the State of Illinois denied.
No. 806. Houston Lighting & Power Company, petitioner, v. City
of West University Place et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to
the Supreme Court of the State of Texas denied.
No. 807. Edward J. Darby & Son, Inc., petitioner, v. Walter J.
Rothensies, Collector of Internal Revenue. Petition for writ of
certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the
Third Circuit denied.
No. 808. Kenneth S. Clapp, petitioner, v. Stewart-Warner Cor-
poration. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Cir-
cuit Court of Appeals for the Seventh Circuit denied.
No. 809. Edward McDonell, petitioner, v. Mary Garee and Costa
B. Garee. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Cir-
cuit Court of Appeals for the Seventh Circuit denied.
No. 810. Consolidated Freightways, Inc., petitioner, v. The Rail-
road Commission of the State of California. Petition for writ of
certiorari to the Supreme Court of the State of California denied.

MONDAY, APRIL 7, 1941
200
No. 823. Jax Ice & Cold Storage Company, a Corporation, Trad-
ing as Jax Brewing Company, petitioner, v. Conway P. Coe, United
States Commissioner of Patents and Jackson Brewing Company.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Ap-
peals for the District of Columbia denied.
No. 824. The Columbian National Life Insurance Company, peti-
tioner, v. Lena M. Rodgers. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Tenth Circuit denied.
No. 828. Karl B. Segall, Transferee, petitioner, v. Commissioner
of Internal Revenue; and
No. 829. Walter F. Tant, Transferee, petitioner, v. Commissioner
of Internal Revenue. Petition for writs of certiorari to the United
States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Sixth Circuit denied.
No. 830. Thomas F. Stein, Jr., doing business under the name and
style of Stein Brokerage Co., petitioner, v. State of Alabama. Pe-
tition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of the State of
Alabama denied.
No. 837. Milton L. Leiby et al., petitioners, v. City of Manchester
et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit
Court of Appeals for the First Circuit denied.
No. 856. State of Texas et al, petitioners, v. Mission Independent
School District. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United
States Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 342. Charles Kimmich, petitioner, v. New York Clearing
House Association et al. The motion for leave to file petition for
rehearing is denied.
The Court will take a recess from Monday, April 14, until Mon-
day, April 28, next.
No. 618. The United States of America, appellant, v. Patrick B.
Classic et al. Argued by Mr. Herbert Wechsler for the appellant
and by Mr. Warren O. Coleman for the appellee.
No. 666. Detrola Radio and Television Corporation, petitioner, v.
Hazeltine Corporation. Argued by Mr. Samuel E. Darby, Jr., for the
petitioner and by Mr. William H. Davis for the respondent.
No. 628. Hudson & Manhattan Railroad Company, appellant, v.
The United States of America et al. Argument commenced by Mr.
John F. Finerty for the appellant.
Adjourned until tomorrow at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Tuesday, April 8, will be as follows: Nos. 628,
727, 732, 671, 594, and 640.
Х

TUESDAY, APRIL 8, 1941
201
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: The Chief Justice, Mr. Justice Stone, Mr. Justice Roberts,
Mr. Justice Black, Mr. Justice Reed, Mr. Justice Frankfurter, Mr.
Justice Douglas, and Mr. Justice Murphy.
Donald E. Kelley, of McCook, Nebr.; J. N. Ogden, of Mobile, Ala.;
George M. Johnson, of Sacramento, Calif.; Donald T. Winder, of Chi-
cago, Ill.; Raymond S. Chisholm, of Washington, D. C.; E. Byron
Singleton, of Amarillo, Tex.; John Hall Kellogg, of Cleveland, Ohio;
William L. F. Gardiner, of New York City; and Joseph Thomas
Sylvester, Jr., of Camden, Maine, were admitted to practice.
No. 628. Hudson & Manhattan Railroad Company, appellant, v.
The United States of America et al. Argument continued by Mr. John
F. Finerty for the appellant; by Mr. Edward M. Reidy for the appel-
lees, The United States and Interstate Commerce Commission; by Mr.
Charles Hershenstein for the appellee, City of Jersey City; and con-
cluded by Mr. John F. Finerty for the appellant.
No. 727. The Shamrock Oil and Gas Corporation, petitioner, v.
G. Obie Sheets and Chester Sheets, doing business as Friona Inde-
pendent Oil Company. Argued by Mr. W. M. Sutton for the petitioner
and by Mr. E. Byron Singleton for the respondent.
No. 732. H. J. Jenkins, petitioner, v. James M. Kurn et al. Ar-
gued by Mr. Harry G. Waltner, Jr., for the petitioner and by Mr.
Frank C. Mann for the respondents.
No. 671. V. B. Kinney, Secretary of Labor of the State of Ne-
braska, petitioner, v. State of Nebraska, ex rel. Western Reference &
Bond Association, Inc., et al. O. M. Olsen, Secretary of Labor of the
State of Nebraska, substituted as the party petitioner herein on motion
of Mr. Don Kelley for the petitioner.
No. 671. O. M. Olsen, Secretary of Labor of the State of Ne-
braska, petitioner, v. State of Nebraska, ex rel. Western Reference &
Bond Association, Inc., et al. Argument commenced by Mr. Don
Kelley for the petitioner.
Adjourned until tomorrow at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Wednesday, April 9, will be as follows: Nos. 671,
594, and 640.
266260-41--78
☑

WEDNESDAY, APRIL 9, 1941
202
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: The Chief Justice, Mr. Justice Stone, Mr. Justice Roberts,
Mr. Justice Black, Mr. Justice Reed, Mr. Justice Frankfurter, Mr.
Justice Douglas, and Mr. Justice Murphy.
Robert S. Farrell, Jr., of Portland, Oreg., John S. Wynne, of Wash-
ington, D. C., Emil M. Wulster, of Hackensack, N. J., and J. Norman
Crannage, of Syracuse, N. Y., were admitted to practice.
No. 671. O. M. Olsen, Secretary of Labor of the State of Nebraska,
petitioner, v. State of Nebraska, ex rel. Western Reference & Bond
Association, Inc., et al. Argument continued by Mr. Don Kelley
for the petitioner; by Mr. Walter Grodon Merritt for the respond-
ents; and concluded by Mr. Don Kelley for the petitioner.
No. 594. Union Pacific Railroad Company, a Corporation, et al.,
appellants, v. The United States of America, et al. Suggestion of
a diminution of the record and motion for a writ of certiorari in
that relation submitted by Mr. Johnathan C. Gibson for the appel-
lees, with leave to appellants to file opposition or reply thereto within
two days.
No. 594. Union Pacific Railroad Company, a Corporation, et al..
appellants, v. The United States of America et al. Four hours al-
lowed for oral argument. Argument commenced by Mr. Blake A.
Williamson for the appellant, city of Kansas City, Kans.; continued
by Mr. Henry N. Ess for the appellant, Union Pacific Railroad Co.;
by Mr. James C. Wilson for the appellee, the United States;
and by Mr. William E. Kemp for the appellee, the city of Kansas
City, Mo.
Adjourned until tomorrow at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Thursday, April 10, will be as follows: Nos. 594,
640, and 90.
266260-41--79
☑

THURSDAY, APRIL 10, 1941
203
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: The Chief Justice, Mr. Justice Stone, Mr. Justice Roberts,
Mr. Justice Black, Mr. Justice Reed, Mr. Justice Frankfurter, Mr.
Justice Douglas, and Mr. Justice Murphy.
Lansing L. Mitchell, of Sun, La.; Aaron Heller, of Passaic, N. J.;
John B. Bitner, of Indianapolis, Ind.; Odin H. Johnson, of Pontiac,
Mich.; Grenville L. Fowler, of Washington, D. C.; William Glad-
stone Ruymann, of Las Vegas, Nev.; Emilie N. Wanderer, of Yonkers,
N. Y.; Harold M. Grossman, of Scarsdale, N. Y.; Robert Siegel, of
Lewistown, Pa.; Louis Loss, of Washington, D. C.; Clifford B. Kim-
berly, of Kansas City, Mo.; and Robert R. Lockwood, of Chicago,
Ill., were admitted to practice.
No. 90. Carlota Benitez Sampayo, petitioner, v. The Bank of Nova
Scotia. Submitted by Mr. F. B. Fornaris and Mr. Elmer McClain for
the petitioner and by Mr. Henri Brown and Mr. Walter L. New-
som, Jr., for the respondent.
No. 594. Union Pacific Railroad Company, a Corporation, et al.,
appellants, v. The United States of America et al. Argument con-
tinued by Mr. Jonathan C. Gibson for the appellees, Atchison, Topeka
and Santa Fe Ry. Co. et al.; and concluded by Mr. Thomas W. Bockes
for the appellant, Union Pacific Railroad Company.
No. 640. The United States of America and Secretary of Agri-
culture, appellants, v. Alice M. Morgan, Administratrix of the Estate
of F. O. Morgan, deceased, et al. Argued by Mr. Attorney General
Jackson for the appellants and by Mr. John B. Gage and Mr. Fred-
erick H. Wood for the appellees.
Adjourned until Monday, April 14, next, at 12 o'clock.
Х
266260-41- -80

MONDAY, APRIL 14, 1941
204
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: The Chief Justice, Mr. Justice Stone, Mr. Justice Roberts,
Mr. Justice Black, Mr. Justice Reed, Mr. Justice Frankfurter, Mr.
Justice Douglas, and Mr. Justice Murphy.
Joseph H. Davis, of Muncie, Ind.; Carll V. Kretsinger, of Kansas
City, Mo.; Robert Starr Allyn, of New York City; Hyland R. Johns,
of New York City; Onan A. Hydrick, of Orangeburg, S. C.; Jerome
C. Burrows, of Rockland, Maine; Bernard T. D'Arcy, of New York
City; Lawrence A. Miner, of Salt Lake City, Utah; Harold R. Seering,
of Seattle, Wash.; and Orville H. Mills, of Seattle, Wash., were
admitted to practice.
No. 616. The United States of America, appellant, v. Leamon
Resler and Leamon Resler, doing business as Resler Truck Line and
as Brady Truck Line. Appeal from the District Court of the United
States for the District of Colorado. Judgment reversed and cause
remanded to the said District Court for further proceedings in con-
formity with the opinion of this Court. Opinion by Mr. Justice
Murphy.
No. 558. R. H. Nye and L. C. Mayers, petitioners, v. The United
States of America and W. B. Guthrie. On writ of certiorari to the
United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Fourth Circuit. Judg-
ment reversed and cause remanded to the District Court of the United
States for the Middle District of North Carolina for further proceed-
ings in conformity with the opinion of this Court. Opinion by Mr.
Justice Douglas. Dissenting opinion by Mr. Justice Stone in which
the Chief Justice and Mr. Justice Roberts concur.
The Chief Justice announced the following orders of the Court:
No. 629. Sterling P. Harris, Administrator of the Estate of Anna
L. Harris, deceased, petitioner, v. Zion's Saving Bank and Trust Com-
pany. On writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of the State of
Utah. Per curiam: Upon appeal from an order of the Probate Court
of Salt Lake County, Utah, purporting to authorize an administrator
of a deceased farmer to file a petition for relief under Section 75 of
the Bankruptcy Act, the Supreme Court of Utah has held that under
the Probate Code of the State the Probate Court had no power to
266260-41- -81

MONDAY, APRIL 14, 1941
205
make the order. The decision thus rests upon an adequate non-federal
ground, and as the federal question, whether in such circumstances
a District Court of the United States sitting in bankruptcy could
entertain a petition of the personal representative of the deceased
farmer under Section 75 of the Bankruptcy Act, was not necessarily
involved, the writ of certiorari is dismissed.
No. 584. Commercial Molasses Corporation, petitioner, v. New
York Tank Barge Corporation, as Chartered owner of the Tank Barge
“T. N. No. 73." On writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit
Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit;
No. 678. The Baltimore and Ohio Railroad Company, petitioner,
v. Frederick S. Kepner. On writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court
of the State of Ohio; and
No. 686. George C. Reitz, appellant, v. Carroll E. Mealey, as Com-
missioner of Motor Vehicles of the State of New York. Appeal from
the District Court of the United States for the Northern District of
New York. Per curiam: The judgments are affirmed by an equally
divided Court.
No. 922. Frank S. Connor, appellant, v. People of the State of
California and Clyde I. Plummer et al. Appeal from the Supreme
Court of the State of California. Per curiam: The appeal is dis-
missed for the want of jurisdiction. Section 237 (a), Judicial Code,
as amended by the Act of February 13, 1925 (43 Stat. 936, 937). Treat-
ing the papers whereon the appeal was allowed as a petition for writ
of certiorari, as required by section 237 (c) of the Judicial Code
(43 Stat. 936, 938), certiorari is denied. The motion for leave to
proceed further herein in forma pauperis is also denied.
The Chief Justice said:
"The other orders of the Court appear upon the list certified by the
Chief Justice and filed with the Clerk and will not be announced
orally."
No. Joseph E. Jones, petitioner, v. Robert H. Jackson, Attorney
General; and
No.
denied.
Ex parte Ellert L. McGrath, petitioner. Applications
No. 844. Warren G. Myers, petitioner, v. American Well Works.
On petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court
of Appeals for the Fourth Circuit; and
No. 852. James Cahill, petitioner, v. The People of the State of
New York. On petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals
of the State of New York. The motions for leave to proceed further
herein in forma pauperis are denied for the reason that the Court,
upon examination of the papers herein submitted, finds no ground

MONDAY, APRIL 14, 1941
206
upon which writs of certiorari should be issued. The petitions for
writs of certiorari are therefore also denied.
No. 870. Chrysler Corporation, De Soto Motor Corporation, et al.,
appellants, v. The United States of America; and
No. 897. Commercial Credit Company et al., appellants, v. The
United States of America. In these cases probable jurisdiction is
noted.
No. 853. The United States of America, petitioner, v. The A. S.
Kreider Company. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United
States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Third Circuit granted.
No. 863. The City of New York, petitioner, v. Michael Feiring,
Trustee in Bankruptcy of National Studios, Inc. Petition for writ
of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the
Second Circuit granted.
No. 833. J. E. Pierce, petitioner, v. The United States of America.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of
Appeals for the Sixth Circuit granted. Mr. Justice Black took no
part in the consideration or decision of this application.
No. 851. The Cuno Engineering Corporation, petitioner, v. The
Automatic Devices Corporation. Petition for writ of certiorari to
the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit
granted, limited to the question whether claims 2, 3, and 11, of the
Mead patent No. 1,736,544 are valid, and the cause is assigned for
hearing immediately following No. 277.
No. 815. The Seminole Nation, petitioner, v. The United States.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Claims denied.
No. 818. Davison-Paxon Company, petitioner, v. Lisabeth Cald-
well, Bankrupt. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Circuit Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 825. John Fower, W. J. Cordner, et al., petitioners, v. Provo
Bench Canal and Irrigation Company, etc., et al. Petition for writ
of certiorari to the Supreme Court of the State of Utah denied.
No. 843. Mabel C. Herman, d. b. a. Herman Oil Company, peti-
tioner, v. Travelers Mutual Casualty Company. Petition for writ of
certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Eighth
Circuit denied.
No. 846. Standard Gas and Electric Company, petitioner, v. Deep
Rock Oil Corporation, Debtor, et al.; and
No. 847. Standard Gas and Electric Company, petitioner, v. Deep
Rock Oil Corporation. Petition for writs of certiorari to the United
States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Tenth Circuit denied.

MONDAY, APRIL 14, 1941
207
No. 862. McQuay-Norris Manufacturing Company, petitioner, v.
National Labor Relations Board. Petition for writ of certiorari to
the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Seventh Circuit
denied.
No. 212. Huron Holding Coporation et al., petitioners, v. Lincoln
Mine Operating Company. Petition for rehearing denied.
Adjourned until Monday, April 28 next, at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Monday, April 28, will be as follows: Nos. 12
original, 588, 312, 610 (and 611), 684, 734 (735, 736, and 737),
718, 729, 741, and 755.
Х

MONDAY, APRIL 28, 1941
208
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: The Chief Justice, Mr. Justice Stone, Mr. Justice Roberts,
Mr. Justice Black, Mr. Justice Reed, Mr. Justice Frankfurter, Mr.
Justice Douglas, and Mr. Justice Murphy.
Elizabeth B. Davis, of Washington, D. C.; Samuel H. Shapiro, of
Chicago, Ill.; Richard J. Barber, of Rye, N. Y.; John Edward Thorn-
ton, of Montgomery, Ala.; Jerome Weber, of Los Angeles, Calif.;
Myer L. Feldman, of Holyoke, Mass.; Frank S. McCullough, of Rye,
N. Y.; George Lamb Pepple, of Goshen, Ind.; Ellis G. Arnall, of
Newnan, Ga.; Melvin H. Specter, of East Chicago, Ind.; Claude
Eugene Smith, of Columbus, Ohio; Thos. O. Hall, of Temple, Tex.;
Fred Hull, of Beaumont, Tex.; Albert C. Bise, of Seattle, Wash.;
Kemble K. Kennedy, of Baton Rouge, La.; Fred E. Breisch, of Denver,
Colo.; Milton B. Badt, of Elko, Nev.; Irby C. Henry, of Eminence,
Mo.; Thela Shuck Henry, of Eminence, Mo.; James A. Simpson, of
Birmingham, Ala.; William A. Thurman, of Brookline, Mass.; Rich-
ard Davenport Duncan, of Saint Joseph, Mo.; Harvey M. Mabry, of
Jacksonville, Fla.; LaNoiel Bernard Davis, of Denver, Colo.; Henry
W. Balka, of Philadelphia, Pa.; Alexander Levene, of New York,
N. Y.; O. D. Hamlin, Jr., of Oakland, Calif.; Oliver M. Loomis, of
South Bend, Ind.; Josephine Folk Lownsborough, of Washington,
D. C.; Grace Anne Carter, of Washington, D. C.; Florence Curoe, of
Washington, D. C.; Claude A. Thompson, of Washington, D. C.;
Gordon William Diesing, of Omaha, Nebr.; Wm. B. Giles, of Detroit,
Mich.; Lee Loevinger, of Minneapolis, Minn.; H. Leon Bennett, of
Philadelphia, Pa.; Samuel Levinson, of Atlantic City, N. J.; Mary R.
McLean, of Washington, D. C.; and Geo. Allan Smith, of Monterey,
Calif., were admitted to practice.
No. 627. Guy T. Helvering, Commissioner of Internal Revenue,
petitioner, v. William Flaccus Oak Leather Company. On writ of
certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the
Third Circuit. Judgment reversed and cause remanded to the said
Circuit Court of Appeals for further proceedings in conformity with
the opinion of this court. Opinion by Mr. Justice Murphy.
No. 601. Paul W. Sampsell, as Trustee in Bankruptcy for the
Estate of Wilbur J. Downey, also known as W. J. Downey, peti-
266260-41-

MONDAY, APRIL 28, 1941
209
tioner, v. Imperial Paper and Color Corporation. On writ of
certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the
Ninth Circuit. Judgment of the Circuit Court of Appeals reversed
with costs and judgment of the District Court of the United States
for the Southern District of California affirmed and cause remanded
to the said District Court. Opinion by Mr. Justice Douglas.
No. 740. Julia C. Gelfert, as sole surviving executor of the last
will and testament of James J. Carpenter, deceased, petitioner, v.
National City Bank of New York. On writ of certiorari to the
Supreme Court of the State of New York. Judgment reversed with
costs and cause remanded to the said Supreme Court for further
proceedings not inconsistent with the opinion of this Court. Opin-
ion by Mr. Justice Douglas.
No. 671. O. M. Olsen, Secretary of Labor of the State of Ne-
braska, petitioner, v. State of Nebraska, ex rel. Western Reference
& Bond Association, Inc., et al. On writ of certiorari to the Supreme
Court of the State of Nebraska. Judgment reversed with costs and
cause remanded to the said Supreme Court for further proceedings
not inconsistent with the opinion of this Court. Opinion by Mr.
Justice Douglas.
No. 387. Phelps Dodge Corporation, petitioner, v. National Labor
Relations Board; and
No. 641. National Labor Relations Board, petitioner, v. Phelps
Dodge Corporation. On writs of certiorari to the United States
Circuit Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit. Decree of the
Circuit Court of Appeals modified as indicated in the opinion of
this Court, and cause remanded to the said Circuit Court of Appeals
with directions to remand to the Labor Board the two matters dis-
cussed under Fourth and Fifth of the opinion of this Court for the
Board's determination of these issues. Opinion by Mr. Justice
Frankfurter. Mr. Justice Roberts took no part in the consider-
ation or disposition of the case. Opinion by Mr. Justice Murphy
dissenting in part in which Mr. Justice Black and Mr. Justice Doug-
las concur. Opinion by Mr. Justice Stone dissenting in part in
which the Chief Justice joins.
No. 413. Continental Oil Company, petitioner, v. National Labor
Relations Board. On writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit
Court of Appeals for the Tenth Circuit. Judgment of the Circuit
Court of Appeals modified and affirmed and cause remanded to the
said Circuit Court of Appeals for further proceedings in conformity
with the opinion of this Court. Opinion by Mr. Justice Frankfurter.
Mr. Justice Roberts took no part in the consideration or disposition
of this case.
The Chief Justice and Mr. Justice Stone dissent in part.

MONDAY, APRIL 28, 1941
210
Mr. Justice Black, Mr. Justice Douglas, and Mr. Justice Murphy
dissent in part.
No. 521. Pittsburgh Plate Glass Company, petitioner, v. National
Labor Relations Board; and
No. 523. Crystal City Glass Workers' Union, petitioner, v. Na-
tional Labor Relations Board. On writs of certiorari to the United
States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Eighth Circuit. Judgment
affirmed and cases remanded to the said Circuit Court of Appeals.
Opinion by Mr. Justice Reed. Dissenting opinion by Mr. Justice
Stone in which the Chief Justice and Mr. Justice Roberts concur.
No. 408. City Bank Farmers Trust Company, as Trustee of a
trust under the last will and testament of Angier B. Duke, deceased,
etc., petitioner, v. Commissioner of Internal Revenue; and
No. 409. City Bank Farmers Trust Company, as Trustee of a
trust under the last will and testament of Angier B. Duke, deceased,
etc., petitioner, v. Commissioner of Internal Revenue. On writs of
certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the
Second Circuit. Judgments affirmed and cases remanded to the said
Circuit Court of Appeals. Opinion by Mr. Justice Black.
No. 683. The United States, petitioner, v. Herbert Rivington Pyne,
Graton Howland Pyne, et al. On writ of certiorari to the Court
of Claims. Judgment vacated and cause remanded to the Court
of Claims for proceedings in accordance with the views expressed
in the opinion of this Court. Opinion by Mr. Justice Black.
No. 715. The Arkansas Corporation Commission and Fifty-one
County Tax Collectors of Arkansas, petitioners, v. Guy A. Thomp-
son, as Trustee of Missouri Pacific Railroad Company, Debtor.
On writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals
for the Eighth Circuit. Judgment reversed with costs and cause
remanded to the District Court of the United States for the Eastern
District of Missouri for further proceedings in conformity with
the opinion of this Court. Opinion by Mr. Justice Black. Mr.
Justice Douglas took no part in the consideration or decision of
this case.
No. 676. Caskey Baking Company, Inc., appellant, v. Common-
wealth of Virginia. Appeal from the Supreme Court of Appeals
of the State of Virginia. Judgment affirmed with costs. Opinion
by Mr. Justice Roberts.
No. 727. The Shamrock Oil and Gas Corporation, petitioner, v.
G. Obie Sheets and Chester Sheets, doing business as Friona Inde-
pendent Oil Company. On writ of certiorari to the United States
Circuit Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit. Judgment affirmed
with costs and cause remanded to the District Court of the United

MONDAY, APRIL 28, 1941
211
States for the Northern District of Texas. Opinion by Mr. Justice
Stone.
No. 687. The People of the State of California, petitioner, v. E. W.
Thompson. On writ of certiorari to the Appellate Department
of the Superior Court, Los Angeles County, State of California.
Judgment reversed with costs and cause remanded to the said
Superior Court for further proceedings not inconsistent with the
opinion of this Court. Opinion by Mr. Justice Stone.
No. 654. Department of Treasury of the State of Indiana et al.,
etc., petitioners, v. The Wood Preserving Corporation. On writ of
certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the
Seventh Circuit. Judgment of the Circuit Court of Appeals re-
versed with costs and judgment of the District Court affirmed and
cause remanded to the District Court of the United States for the
Southern District of Indiana. Opinion by Mr. Chief Justice Hughes.
No. 658. Lambiris Skiriotes, appellant, v. The State of Florida.
Appeal from the Supreme Court of the State of Florida. Judgment
affirmed with costs. Opinion by Mr. Chief Justice Hughes.
No. 577. Arthur W. Mitchell, appellant, v. The United States of
America, Interstate Commerce Commission, Frank O. Lowden et al.
Appeal from the District Court of the United States for the Northern
District of Illinois. Decree reversed and cause remanded to the said
District Court with directions to set aside the order of the Commis-
sion and to remand the case to the Commission for further proceed-
ings in conformity with the opinion of this Court. Opinion by Mr.
Chief Justice Hughes.
No. 628. Hudson & Manhattan Railroad Company, appellant, v.
The United States of America, Interstate Commerce Commission, and
City of Jersey City. Appeal from the District Court of the United
States for the District of New Jersey. Judgment affirmed. Opinion,
per curiam, announced by Mr. Chief Justice Hughes.
The Chief Justice said:
"The orders of the Court appear upon the list certified by the
Chief Justice and filed with the Clerk and will not be announced
orally."
―.
No. In the matter of the Disbarment of Clement J. McGovern.
It having been reported to the Court that the Supreme Court of the
Commonwealth of Pennsylvania has entered an order disbarring
Clement J. McGovern, of Chester, Pennsylvania, a member of the
Bar of this Court, from practice as an attorney or counselor at law
in the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania; and this Court by order of

MONDAY, APRIL 28, 1941
212
March 3, 1941, having suspended the said Clement J. McGovern from
the practice of law in this Court and directed that a rule issue re-
quiring him to show cause within forty (40) days why he should not
be disbarred from the practice of law in this Court; and it appear-
ing that the said rule was issued and served upon Clement J. Mc-
Govern, and that he has failed to file any return, although the time
for such return has expired;
It is ordered, That Clement J. McGovern be, and he hereby is,
disbarred, and that his name be stricken from the roll of attorneys
admitted to practice in this Court.
No., original. Ex parte Edward Kepford, petitioner. The mo-
tion for leave to file petition for writ of habeas corpus is denied.
No. 535. The United States of America, petitioner, v. The Chicago,
Milwaukee, St. Paul and Pacific Railroad Company et al. It is or-
dered that the opinion filed March 31, 1941, be amended by insert-
ing in the first paragraph on page 6, after the word "question," the
following: "not only are above ordinary high water mark but also
claim that they".
No. 769. James J. Walsh, petitioner, v. James A. Johnston,
Warden, U. S. Penitentiary, Alcatraz, California. On petition for
writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for
the Ninth Circuit. The motion for leave to proceed further herein in
forma pauperis is denied for the reason that the Court, upon exam-
ination of the papers herein submitted, finds no ground upon which
a writ of certiorari should be issued. The petition for writ of cer-
tiorari is therefore also denied.
No. 584. Commercial Molasses Corporation, petitioner, v. New
York Tank Barge Corporation, as Chartered owner of the Tank Barge
"T. N. No. 73";
No. 586. New York, Chicago & St. Louis Railroad Company,
appellant, v. Dorothea T. Frank;
No. 587. Samuel R. Toucey, petitioner, v. New York Life Insur-
ance Company;
No. 603. H. A. Gray, as Director of the Bituminous Coal Division
of the Department of the Interior, et al., petitioners, v. Legh R.
Powell, Jr., et al.; and
No. 678. The Baltimore and Ohio Railroad Company, petitioner, v.
Frederick S. Kepner. The petitions for rehearing in these cases are
granted. The judgments are vacated and the cases are restored to
the docket for reargument and assigned for hearing on Monday, Octo-
ber 13th, next.
No. 904. Jim Duckworth, appellant, v. The State of Arkansas
In this case probable jurisdiction is noted.
266260-41-82-2

MONDAY, APRIL 28, 1941
213
No. 826. The United States of America, petitioner, v. Alice Gray
Kales. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit
Court of Appeals for the Sixth Circuit granted. Mr. Chief Justice
Hughes took no part in the consideration and decision of this appli-
cation.
No. 835. John Mangiaracino, petitioner, v. Laclede Steel Company.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of the State of
Missouri denied for the reason that application therefor was not made
within the time provided by law. Section 8 (a), Act of February 13,
1925 (43 Stat. 936, 940).
No. 854. Phillips Petroleum Company, petitioner, v. Mrs. Volney
W. Taylor et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Circuit Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit denied. Mr. Justice
Douglas took no part in the consideration and decision of this
application.
No. 855. Max M. Hirson, Permanent Receiver, etc., petitioner, v.
Lydia B. Koch. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Circuit Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit denied. Mr. Justice
Douglas took no part in the consideration and decision of this appli-
cation.
No. 872. A. B. Gochenour et al., petitioners, v. George and Frances
Ball Foundation et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United
States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Seventh Circuit denied. Mr.
Justice Douglas took no part in the consideration and decision of this
application.
No. 743. James F. McKay et al., petitioners, v. Retail Automobile
Salesmen's Local Union #1067 et al. Petition for writ of certiorari
to the Supreme Court of the State of California denied.
No. 834. Cities Service Oil Company, petitioner, v. B. P. Dunlap
et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit
Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 848. Continental Casualty Company, petitioner, v. Giller Con-
crete Company, Inc., et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 849. City of Milwaukee, petitioner, v. City of West Allis. Pe-
tition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of the State of
Wisconsin denied.
No. 850. Louis E. Ulm, petitioner, v. Moore-McCormack Lines,
Inc. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit
Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit denied.
No. 864. Arcade-Sunshine Company, Inc., petitioner, v. National
Labor Relations Board. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United
States Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia denied.

MONDAY, APRIL 28, 1941
214
No. 865. Haffenreffer Brewing Company, petitioner, v. Commis-
sioner of Internal Revenue. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the First Circuit denied.
No. 816. Ernest Newton Kalb, petitioner, v. Henry Feuerstein and
Helen Feuerstein. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Circuit Court of Appeals for the Seventh Circuit denied.
No. 831. Daisy C. Tegtmeyer, petitioner, v. William H. Tegtmeyer
et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Appellate Court, First
District, State of Illinois, denied.
No. 860. Steamtug "Ariosa," her engines, etc., petitioner, v. Motor
Vessel "Segundo" her engines, etc.; and
No. 861. Steamtug "Ariosa," her engines, etc., petitioner, v. A/S
Iravans Rederi, Owner of the Motor Vessel "Segundo." Petition for
writs of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for
the Second Circuit denied.
No. 867. Nicholas J. Curtis, petitioner, v. Utah Fuel Company
et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit
Court of Appeals for the Third Circuit denied.
No. 873. Lehigh Valley Railroad Company, petitioner, v. J. H.
Thayer Martin, State Tax Commissioner of the State of New Jersey,
et al.;
No. 874. Delaware, Lackawanna & Western Railroad Company,
petitioner, v. J. H. Thayer Martin, State Tax Commissioner of the
State of New Jersey, et al.;
No. 875. Erie Railroad Company, petitioner, v. J. H. Thayer Mar-
tin, State Tax Commissioner of the State of New Jersey, et al.;
No. 876. New Jersey & New York Railroad Company, petitioner, v.
J. H. Thayer Martin, State Tax Commissioner of the State of New
Jersey, et al.;
No. 877. New York Central Railroad Company, petitioner, v. J. H.
Thayer Martin, State Tax Commissioner of the State of New Jersey,
et al.;
No. 878. New York & Long Branch Railroad Company, petitioner,
v. J. H. Thayer Martin, State Tax Commissioner of the State of New
Jersey, et al.;
No. 879. Delaware, Lackawanna & Western Railroad Company,
petitioner, v. J. H. Thayer Martin, State Tax Commissioner of the
State of New Jersey, et al.;
No. 880. Erie Railroad Company, petitioner, v. J. H. Thayer Mar-
tin, State Tax Commissioner of the State of New Jersey, et al.;
No. 881. Lehigh Valley Railroad Company, petitioner, v. J. H.
Thayer Martin, State Tax Commissioner of the State of New Jersey,
et al.;

MONDAY, APRIL 28, 1941
215
No. 882. New Jersey & New York Railroad Company, petitioner, v.
J. H. Thayer Martin, State Tax Commissioner of the State of New
Jersey, et al.;
No. 883. New York Central Railroad Company, petitioner, v. J. H.
Thayer Martin, State Tax Commissioner of the State of New Jersey,
et al.;
No. 884. New York & Long Branch Railroad Company, petitioner,
v. J. H. Thayer Martin, State Tax Commissioner of the State of New
Jersey, et al.;
No. 885. Delaware, Lackawanna & Western Railroad Company,
petitioner, v. J. H. Thayer Martin, State Tax Commissioner of the
State of New Jersey, et al.;
No. 886. Erie Railroad Company, petitioner, v. J. H. Thayer Mar-
tin, State Tax Commissioner of the State of New Jersey, et al.;
No. 887. Lehigh Valley Railroad Company, petitioner, v. J. H.
Thayer Martin, State Tax Commissioner of the State of New Jersey,
et al.;
No. 888. New Jersey & New York Railroad Company, petitioner, v.
J. H. Thayer Martin, State Tax Commissioner of the State of New
Jersey, et al.;
No. 889. New York Central Railroad Company, petitioner, v. J. H.
Thayer Martin, State Tax Commissioner of the State of New Jersey,
et al.; and
No. 890. New York & Long Branch Railroad Company, petitioner,
v. J. H. Thayer Martin, State Tax Commissioner of the State of New
Jersey, et al. Petition for writs of certiorari to the United States
Circuit Court of Appeals for the Third Circuit denied.
No. 898. Independent Warehouses, Inc., petitioner, v. Regina Ce-
leste Dimino, Widow, etc., et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to
the Supreme Court of the State of New York denied.
No. 905. Northwestern Brewers Supply Company et al., peti-
tioners, v. William J. Schmit, Trustee. Petition for writ of cer-
tiorari to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Sixth
Circuit denied.
No. 915. The Citizens National Bank of Waco, Texas, petitioner, v.
Fidelity & Deposit Company of Maryland. Petition for writ of
certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the
Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 921. Funks Grove Grain Company, petitioner, v. The Alton
Railroad Company. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United
States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Seventh Circuit denied.
No. 15, original. John J. Earley, petitioner, v. Chicago, Milwaukee,
St. Paul & Pacific Railroad Company;

MONDAY, APRIL 28, 1941
216
No. 346. Jeremiah D. Maguire and Ruth S. Maguire, petitioners, v.
Commissioner of Internal Revenue;
No. 472. Guy T. Helvering, Commissioner of Internal Revenue,
petitioner, v. Richard Van Nest Gambrill;
No. 473. Guy T. Helvering, Commissioner of Internal Revenue,
petitioner, v. Marjorie K. Campbell;
No. 474. Guy T. Helvering, Commissioner of Internal Revenue,
petitioner, v. Seymour H. Knox;
No. 475. Guy T. Helvering, Commissioner of Internal Revenue,
petitioner, v. Dorothy K. G. Rogers;
No. 549. Public Service Commission of the State of Missouri et al.,
petitioners, v. Brashear Freight Lines, Inc., et al.;
No. 776. Guy T. Helvering, Commissioner of Internal Revenue,
petitioner, v. Nebraska Bridge Supply & Lumber Company;
No. 789. William Cantey, petitioner, v. McLain Line, Inc., and
McLain Carolina Line, Inc.;
No. 805. Sun-Maid Raisin Growers Association et al., appellants, v.
The United States of America et al.; and
No. 813. Miss Annie C. Lewis, petitioner, v. State of Louisiana.
The petitions for rehearing are denied.
No. 12, original. The United States of America, complainant, v.
The State of Alabama. Argued on the Bill of Complaint and
answer by Mr. Assistant Attorney General Littell for the com-
plainant, and by Mr. J. Edward Thornton and Mr. John W.
Lapsley for the defendant.
No. 588. Fred F. Edwards, appellant, v. The People of the State
of California. Argument commenced by Mr. Samuel Slaff for the
appellant.
Adjourned until tomorrow at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Tuesday, April 29, will be as follows: Nos. 588,
312, 610 (and 611), 684, 734 (735, 736, and 737), 718, 729, 741,
755, and 449.
☑
266260-41-
-83

REPRINT
TUESDAY, APRIL 29, 1941
217
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: The Chief Justice, Mr. Justice Stone, Mr. Justice Roberts,
Mr. Justice Black, Mr. Justice Reed, Mr. Justice Frankfurter, Mr.
Justice Douglas, and Mr. Justice Murphy.
Jos. R. Bryson, of Greenville, S. C.; Charles A. Mitchell, of Vero
Beach, Fla.; Page Belcher, of Enid, Okla.; Joseph O. Janousek, of
Washington, D. C.; Oscar B. Waddell, of Washington, D. C.; Arthur
O. Louis, of New York City; William H. McCormick, of Mandan,
N. Dak.; and Walter R. Gottschalk, of Hoboken, N. J., were admitted
to practice.
No. 588. Fred F. Edwards, appellant, v. The People of the State
of California. Argument continued by Mr. Samuel Slaff for the
appellant and concluded by Mr. John H. Tolan for the Select Com-
mittee of the House of Representatives of the United States, ap-
pointed pursuant to House Resolution No. 63, April 22, 1940, to
Investigate the Interstate Migration of Destitute Citizens, as amicus
curiae, by special leave of Court; and case submitted by Mr. Charles
A. Wetmore, Jr., for the appellee.
No. 312. Harry R. Swanson, as Secretary of State of Nebraska,
et al., appellants, v. Gene Buck, Individually, etc., et al. Frank
Marsh, Lucien B. Johnson, Ray C. Johnson, Walter R. Johnson,
Walter G. Huber, William T. Gleeson, John P. Misko, Zelma Derry,
and Frank Glebe substituted as parties appellant in the place and
stead of Harry R. Swanson, Walter H. Jensen, William H. Price,
Richard C. Hunter, Grace Ballard, Charles H. Hood, Alvin B. Lee,
Gerald J. McGinley, and Rush C. Clarke, respectively, on motion of
Mr. William J. Hotz for the appellants.
No. 312. Frank Marsh, as Secretary of State of Nebraska, et al.,
appellants, v. Gene Buck, Individually, etc., et al. Argued by Mr.
William J. Hotz for the appellants and by Mr. Thomas G. Haight
for the appellees.
No. 610. George Couper Gibbs, Individually and as Attorney Gen-
eral of the State of Florida, et al., appellants, v. Gene Buck, Indi-
vidually, etc., et al.; and
No. 611. Gene Buck, Individually, etc., et al., appellants, v. George
Couper Gibbs, Individually and as Attorney General of the State
266260-41- -84

Х
TUESDAY, APRIL 29, 1941
218
of Florida, et al. Motion to substitute J. Tom Watson, individually
and as Attorney General of the State of Florida, as a party in the
place and stead of George Couper Gibbs, his predecessor in office,
submitted Mr. Thomas G. Haight in that behalf.
No. 610. George Couper Gibbs, Individually and as Attorney Gen-
eral of the State of Florida, et al., appellants, v. Gene Buck, Indi-
vidually, etc., et al.; and
No. 611. Gene Buck, Individually, etc., et al., appellants, v. George
Couper Gibbs, Individually and as Attorney General of the State of
Florida, et al. Argument commenced by Mr. Thomas G. Haight for
Gene Buck et al.
Adjourned until tomorrow at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Wednesday, April 30, will be as follows: Nos. 610
(and 611), 684, 734 (735, 736, and 737), 718, 729, 741, 755, 449,
14, original, and 832.

REPRINT
WEDNESDAY, APRIL 30, 1941
219
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: The Chief Justice, Mr. Justice Stone, Mr. Justice Roberts,
Mr. Justice Black, Mr. Justice Reed, Mr. Justice Frankfurter, Mr.
Justice Douglas, and Mr. Justice Murphy.
Warren P. Cunningham, Jr., of Austin, Tex.; Laurent K. Varnum,
of Grand Rapids, Mich.; Joseph Norman Leggat, of Boise, Idaho;
Hulette F. Aby, of Tulsa, Okla.; Earl Pruet, of Oklahoma City, Okla.;
Vance Plauche, of Lake Charles, La.; Jay S. Parker, of Hill City,
Kans.; Eugene W. Davis, of Liberal, Kans.; George G. Ernst, of New
York City; Abraham Friedman, of New York City; Parker Bailey, of
Ithaca, N. Y.; Albert J. Meserow, of Chicago, Ill.; Wilmer Mechlin,
of Washington, D. C.; Carl Frederick Bauersfeld, of Washington,
D. C.; Lambert H. Miller, of Washington, D. C.; and Charles J. Shaef-
fer, of Dallas, Tex., were admitted to practice.
No. 610. George Couper Gibbs, Individually and as Attorney Gen-
eral of the State of Florida, et al., appellants, v. Gene Buck, Indi-
vidually, etc., et al.; and
No. 611. Gene Buck, Individually, etc., et al., appellants, v. George
Couper Gibbs, Individually and as Attorney General of the State of
Florida, et al. Argument continued by Mr. Thomas G. Haight for
Buck et al.; by Mr. Lucien H. Boggs and Mr. Tyrus A. Norwood for
Gibbs et al.; and concluded by Mr. Frank J. Wideman for Buck et al.
Leave granted counsel for Gibbs et al. to file an additional brief by
Friday, next.
No. 684. Guy T. Helvering, Commissioner of Internal Revenue,
petitioner, v. Richard J. Reynolds. Argument commenced by Mr.
Thomas I. Emerson for the petitioner and continued by Mr. J. Gilmer
Korner, Jr., and by Mr. Erwin N. Griswold for the respondent.
Adjourned until tomorrow at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Thursday, May 1, will be as follows: Nos. 684,
734 (735, 736, and 737), 718, 729, 741, 755, 2 original (3 original
and 4 original), 449, 14 original, and 832.
266260-41-
-85
☑

THURSDAY, MAY 1, 1941
220
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: The Chief Justice, Mr. Justice Stone, Mr. Justice Roberts,
Mr. Justice Black, Mr. Justice Reed, Mr. Justice Frankfurter, Mr.
Justice Douglas, and Mr. Justice Murphy.
Robert Edgar Beck, of Canton, Ohio; Bertram R. Coen, of Boston,
Mass.; Herman Merson, of Oklahoma City, Okla.; Mabel B. Griffin,
of Little Rock, Ark.; William A. Griffin, of Little Rock, Ark.; Henry
Lee Olwell, of Seattle, Wash.; Robert S. Lemon, of Pittsburg, Kans.;
William M. Moloney, of Birmingham, Ala.; and James F. Egan, of
Springfield, Mass., were admitted to practice.
No. 684. Guy T. Helvering, Commissioner of Internal Revenue,
petitioner, v. Richard J. Reynolds. Argument continued by Mr. Erwin
N. Griswold for the respondent and concluded by Mr. Thomas I.
Emerson for the petitioner.
No. 734. Mary Flagler Cary, petitioner, v. Commissioner of Inter-
nal Revenue;
No. 735. Harry Harkness Flagler, petitioner, v. Commissioner of
Internal Revenue;
No. 736. Estate of Annie L. Flagler, deceased, Harry Harkness
Flagler, Executor, petitioner, v. Commissioner of Internal Revenue;
and
No. 737. Jean Louise Matthews, petitioner, v. Commissioner of
Internal Revenue. Argued by Mr. Roswell L. Gilpatric for the peti-
tioners and by Mr. Thomas I. Emerson for the respondent.
No. 718. L. R. Brooks, petitioner, v. Archie Dewar et al. Argued
by Mr. Warner W. Gardner for the petitioner and by Mr. Milton B.
Badt for the respondents.
No. 729. J. C. Lomax, petitioner, v. The State of Texas. Argued
by Mr. F. S. K. Whittaker for the petitioner and case submitted by
Mr. Geo. W. Barcus and Mr. Lloyd Davidson for the respondent.
266260-41-
-86

THURSDAY, MAY 1, 1941
221
No. 741. Klaxon Company, petitioner, v. Stentor Electric Manu-
facturing Company, Inc. Argument commenced by Mr. John Thomas
Smith for the petitioner.
Adjourned until tomorrow at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Friday, May 2, will be as follows: Nos. 741, 755,
2 original (3 original and 4 original), 449, 14 original, 832, 817,
863, and 853.

FRIDAY, MAY 2, 1941
222
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: The Chief Justice, Mr. Justice Stone, Mr. Justice Roberts,
Mr. Justice Black, Mr. Justice Reed, Mr. Justice Frankfurter, Mr.
Justice Douglas, and Mr. Justice Murphy.
Eugene Worley, of Shamrock, Tex.; Walter G. Cooper, Jr., of
Atlanta, Ga.; William F. Manasil, of Birwell, Nebr.; Frank A.
Liddell, of Houston, Tex.; John L. Walker, of Roanoke, Va.; Donald
Start Caruthers, of Washington, D. C.; W. Graham Claytor, Jr., of
Washington, D. C.; Joseph Alexander Kaufman, of Washington,
D. C.; and Walter Abraham Bowers, of Washington, D. C., were
admitted to practice.
No. 741. Klaxon Company, petitioner, v. Stentor Electric Manu-
facturing Company, Inc. Argument continued by Mr. Murray C.
Bernays for the respondent and concluded by Mr. John Thomas
Smith for the petitioner.
No. 755. J. Rob Griffin, Administrator, etc., petitioner, v. John D.
McCoach, Trustee. Argued by Mr. Charles J. Shaeffer for the peti-
tioner and by Mr. Carl B. Callaway for the respondent.
No. 2, original. The State of Wisconsin et al., complainants, v. The
State of Illinois et al.;
No. 3, original. The State of Michigan, complainant, v. The State of
Illinois et al.; and
No. 4, original. The State of New York, complainant, v. The State
of Illinois et al. Argument on Exceptions to the Report of the
Special Master commenced by Mr. Albert J. Meserow for the de-
fendant, State of Illinois, and continued by Mr. Herbert J. Naujoks
for the complainants.
Adjourned until Monday, next, at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Monday, May 5, will be as follows: Nos. 2, original
(3, original, and 4, original), 449, 14, original, 832, 817, 863, and
853.
266260-41- -87
☑

MONDAY, MAY 5, 1941
223
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: The Chief Justice, Mr. Justice Stone, Mr. Justice Rob-
erts, Mr. Justice Black, Mr. Justice Reed, Mr. Justice Frankfurter,
Mr. Justice Douglas, and Mr. Justice Murphy.
Hugh A. Locke, of Birmingham, Ala.; Eugene A. Nabors, of New
Orleans, La.; Hubert L. Will, of Milwaukee, Wisc.; B. F. Swisher,
of Waterloo, Iowa; Robert G. Storey, of Dallas, Tex.; F. M. Bird,
of Atlanta, Ga.; John Milton Campbell, of Kirksville, Mo.; Joseph
A. Guimond, of Cleveland, Ohio; Harold R. Donaghue, of Boston,
Mass.; Anton L. Etheridge, of Atlanta, Ga.; Richard C. Flesch, of
New York City; Paul Lewis Wall, of Washington, D. C.; John E.
Dougherty, of Washington, D. C.; Clifford Evans Hughes, of Los
Angeles, Calif.; Glenn W. Clark, of Kansas City, Mo.; and Dominick
Blasi, of New York City, were admitted to practice.
No. 732. H. J. Jenkins, petitioner, v. James M. Kurn and John G.
Lonsdale, Trustees of the St. Louis-San Francisco Railway Company.
On writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of the State of Missouri.
Judgment reversed with costs and cause remanded to the said Su-
preme Court for further proceedings not inconsistent with the opinion
of this Court. Opinion by Mr. Justice Murphy.
No. 655. Department of Treasury of the State of Indiana et al., etc.,
petitioners, v. Ingram-Richardson Manufacturing Company of Indi-
ana, Inc. On writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court
of Appeals for the Seventh Circuit. Judgment reversed with costs
and cause remanded to the District Court of the United States for
the Southern District of Indiana for further proceedings in con-
formity with the opinion of this Court. Opinion by Mr. Chief
Justice Hughes.
The Chief Justice announced the following orders of the Court:
No. 729. J. C. Lomax, petitioner, v. The State of Texas. On writ
of certiorari to the Court of Criminal Appeals of the State of Texas.
Per curiam: The judgment is reversed. Chambers v. Florida, 309
U. S. 227; White v. Texas, 310 U. S. 530.
No. 827. A. M. Odom, O. L. Mounce, et al., petitioners, v. The
United States of America. On petition for writ of certiorari to the
United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit. Per
266260-41--88

MONDAY, MAY 5, 1941
224
curiam: The Solicitor General having confessed error, the motion for
leave to proceed in forma pauperis is granted, the petition for writ of
certiorari is granted, the judgment is reversed, and the cause is
remanded to the District Court for further proceedings.
No. 934. Northwest Linseed Company, appellant, v. The State of
Minnesota. Appeal from the Supreme Court of the State of Minne-
sota. Per curiam: The motion to dismiss is granted, and the appeal
is dismissed for want of a substantial federal question. Euclid v.
Ambler Realty Co., 272 U. S. 365; Fischer v. St. Louis, 194 U. S.
361; Pierce Oil Corporation v. City of Hope, 248 U. S. 498.
The Chief Justice said:
"The other orders of the Court appear upon the list certified by
the Chief Justice and filed with the Clerk and will not be announced
orally."
No. 54. Martin J. Bernards and Lena Bernards, petitioners, v. M. R.
Johnson, Catherine Collins, et al.; and
No. 133. Major Raymond Lisenba, petitioner, v. The People of the
State of California, and
No. 134. Major Raymond Lisenba, petitioner, v. The People of the
State of California. The petitions for rehearing in these cases are
granted. The judgments are vacated and the cases are restored to
the docket for reargument and assigned for hearing on Monday,
October 13th, next.
No. 588. Fred F. Edwards, appellant, v. The People of the State of
California. Reargument is ordered. The case is set for oral argu-
ment on Monday, October 13. next, and the Attorney General of
the State of California is requested to appear either in person or by
his representative to present the views of the State with particular
reference to the judicial or administrative interpretation by State
authorities of the statute involved.
No. 857. Paysoff Tinkoff, petitioner, v. Paul Klein-Exel, Trustee of
the Estate of William J. Newman Company, Bankrupt; and
No. 858. Paysoff Tinkoff, petitioner, v. Thomas J. McManus, Trus-
tee in Bankruptcy of William J. Newman, Bankrupt. On petition
for writs of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals
for the Seventh Circuit. The motion for leave to proceed further
herein in forma pauperis is denied for the reason that the Court,
upon examination of the papers herein submitted, finds that the
application for the writs of certiorari was not filed within the time
provided by law. Section 8 (a), Act of February 13, 1925 (43 Stat.
936, 940). The petition for writs of certiorari is therefore also
denied.

MONDAY, MAY 5, 1941
225
No. 903. The United States of America, petitioner, v. Louis H.
Pink, Superintendent of Insurance of the State of New York, et al.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of the State
of New York granted. Mr. Justice Reed and Mr. Justice Murphy
took no part in the consideration and decision of this application.
No. 767. Milton Roe Sabin and Bertha Florence Sabin, petitioners,
v. Home Owners' Loan Corporation. The motion to proceed on type-
written papers is granted. The petition for writ of certiorari to the
Supreme Court of the State of Oklahoma is denied.
No. 866. McLaughlin Land and Livestock Company, petitioner, v.
Bank of America National Trust and Savings Association. Peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the District Court of Appeal, 1st Ap-
pellate District, State of California, denied. Mr. Justice Douglas
took no part in the consideration and decision of this application.
No. 871. Niagara Hudson Power Corporation, petitioner, v. James
J. Hoey, Collector of Internal Revenue. Petition for writ of
certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Sec-
ond Circuit denied. Mr. Justice Douglas took no part in the con-
sideration and decision of this application.
No. 894. National Labor Relations Board, petitioner, v. E. I.
DuPont de Nemours & Company; and
No. 895. National Labor Relations Board, petitioner, v. Associa-
tion of Chemical Employees at Belle Works of E. I. DuPont de
Nemours & Company. Petition for writs of certiorari to the United
States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Fourth Circuit denied. Mr.
Justice Roberts took no part in the consideration and decision of
this application.
No. 899. Max Hamburger, petitioner, v. John A. Dyer, Trustee,
et al.; and
No. 900. Max Hamburger, petitioner, v. John A. Dyer, Trustee,
et al.
Petition for writs of certiorari to the United States Circuit
Court of Appeals for the Sixth Circuit denied. Mr. Justice Murphy
took no part in the consideration and decision of this application.
No. 901. Bakery and Pastry Drivers and Helpers Local 802 of the
International Brotherhood of Teamsters et al., petitioners, v. Hyman
Wohl and Louis Platzman. On petition for writ of certiorari to
the Court of Appeals of the State of New York. It does not appear
from the record that the federal question presented by the petition
was necessarily decided by the Court of Appeals. The petition for
certiorari is denied, Lynch v. New York ex rel. Pierson, 293 U. S.
52; Honeyman v. Hanan, 300 U. S. 14, 18.

MONDAY, MAY 5, 1941
226
No. 891. Ruth E. Layton, Farmers Union and Layton Sugar Com-
pany, petitioners v. William J. Thayne, Davis County Bank, Walter
Wright et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Circuit Court of Appeals for the Tenth Circuit denied.
No. 892. Thomas J. Buttars, Sr., petitioner, v. Utah Mortgage
Loan Corporation. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United
States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Tenth Circuit denied.
No. 893. Payne Furnace and Supply Company, Inc., petitioner, v.
Williams-Wallace Company. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit denied.
No. 896. William Campbell, petitioner, v. American Foreign
Steamship Corporation. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United
States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit denied.
No. 902. Armature Exchange Incorporated, etc., petitioner, v.
The United States of America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit denied.
No. 923. Henry V. McGurren, petitioner, v. Gladys McVeigh, in
her own person and as Guardian, etc., et al. Petition for writ of
certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the
Seventh Circuit denied.
No. 925. Wright Morrow, petitioner, v. Frank Scofield, Collector
of Internal Revenue. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United
States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 930. The Chesapeake and Ohio Railway Company, petitioner,
v. Elmer Richardson. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United
States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Sixth Circuit denied.
No. 729, October Term 1939. H. Ely Goldsmith, petitioner, v. The
United States of America. The motion for leave to file a second peti-
tion for rehearing is denied.
No. 810. Consolidated Freightways, Inc., petitioner, v. The Rail-
road Commission of the State of California. Petition for rehearing
denied.
"
ORDER
It is ordered that the call of the docket, except as otherwise directed,
be suspended for the Term upon the conclusion of the argument in
case No. 853, and that the Court will then take a recess until Monday,
May 12.
No., original. The State of California, complainant, v. The
United States. Motion for leave to file complaint presented.

MONDAY, MAY 5, 1941
227
No. 2, original. The State of Wisconsin et al., complainants, v. The
State of Illinois et al.;
No. 3, original. The State of Michigan, complainant, v. The State
of Illinois et al.; and
No. 4, original. The State of New York, complainant, v. The State
of Illinois et al. Argument on Exceptions to the Report of the Spe-
cial Master continued by Mr. Herbert H. Naujoks for the complain-
ants; by Mr. Timothy F. Cohan for the complainant, State of New
York; by Mr. Thomas J. Herbert for the complainant, State of Ohio;
and concluded by Mr. Albert J. Meserow for the defendant, State of
Illinois.
No. 449. Joe Vernon, petitioner, v. State of Alabama. Argued by
Mr. Walter S. Smith for the petitioner and by Mr. Thomas S. Law-
son for the respondent.
No. 14, original. Forrest Holiday, petitioner, v. James A. Johnston,
Warden. Argument commenced by Mr. Charles A. Horsky for the
petitioner.
Adjourned until tomorrow at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Tuesday, May 6, will be as follows: Nos. 14, origi-
nal, 832, 817, 863, and 853.
Х

TUESDAY, MAY 6, 1941
228
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: The Chief Justice, Mr. Justice Stone, Mr. Justice Roberts,
Mr. Justice Black, Mr. Justice Reed, Mr. Justice Frankfurter, Mr.
Justice Douglas, and Mr. Justice Murphy.
Onan Whitehurst, of Brooksville, Fla.; Raymond G. Betsch, of
West Englewood, N. J.; Weldon P. Monson, of Washington, D. C.;
Lawrence J. Greene, of New York City; Francis J. Gabel, of Los
Angeles, Calif.; Robert M. Flynn, of Cottonwood, Ariz.; Milton
Sandberg, of New York City; Morris L. Heath, of New York City;
Carlton C. Arnow, of Jacksonville, Fla.; P. Guy Crews, of Jackson-
ville, Fla.; Oscar T. Martin II, of Springfield, Ohio; John C. Durfey,
of Springfield, Ohio; Gareth M. Neville, of Washington, D. C.; Mor-
ris Levinson, of Minneapolis, Minn.; De Witt C. Schieck, of Wash-
ington, D. C.; T. Edward O'Connell, of Washington, D. C.; and David
B. McCalmont, Jr., of Washington, D. C., were admitted to practice.
No. 14, Original. Forrest Holiday, petitioner, v. James A. John-
ston, Warden, etc. Argument continued by Mr. Charles A. Horsky for
the petitioner; continued by Mr. Herbert Wechsler for the respondent;
and concluded by Mr. Charles A. Horsky for the petitioner.
No. 832. State of Oklahoma, ex rel. Leon C. Phillips, Governor of
the State of Oklahoma, appellant, v. Guy F. Atkinson Company et al.
Argument commenced by Mr. C. C. Hatchett for the appellant and
continued by Mr. Assistant Solicitor General Fahy for the appellees.
Adjourned until tomorrow at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Wednesday, May 7, will be as follows: Nos. 832,
817, 863, and 853.
266260-41-
-89
☑
H
1

WEDNESDAY, MAY 7, 1941
229
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: The Chief Justice, Mr. Justice Stone, Mr. Justice Roberts,
Mr. Justice Black, Mr. Justice Reed, Mr. Justice Frankfurter, Mr.
Justice Douglas, and Mr. Justice Murphy.
George W. Hutchinson, of Dallas, Tex.; Andrew J. Parks, of
Marshall, Ark.; Cornelius J. Harrington, of Chicago, Ill.; James A.
Harrington, of Chicago, Ill.; Kathryn M. Masco, of Springfield,
Mass.; Thomas F. McDonald, of St. Louis, Mo.; and James Christian
Dorbandt, of Tyler, Tex., were admitted to practice.
No. 832. State of Oklahoma, ex rel. Leon C. Phillips, Governor of
the State of Oklahoma, appellant, v. Guy F. Atkinson Company
et al. Argument continued by Mr. Assistant Solicitor General Fahy
for the appellees and concluded by Mr. Randell S. Cobb for the
appellant.
No. 817. The Royal Indemnity Company, petitioner, v. The United
States of America. Argued by Mr. Harry S. Hall for the petitioner
and by Mr. Edward J. Ennis for the respondent.
No. 863. The City of New York, petitioner, v. Michael Feiring,
Trustee in Bankruptcy of National Studios, Inc. Argued by Mr.
Paxton Blair for the petitioner and by Mr. Benjamin Siegel for the
respondent.
No. 853. The United States of America, petitioner, v. The A. S.
Kreider Company. Argued by Mr. Arnold Raum for the petitioner
and by Mr. Alexander Levene for the respondent.
Adjourned until Monday, May 12 next, at 12 o'clock.
266260-41--90

MONDAY, MAY 12, 1941
230
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: The Chief Justice, Mr. Justice Stone, Mr. Justice Roberts,
Mr. Justice Black, Mr. Justice Reed, Mr. Justice Frankfurter, Mr.
Justice Douglas, and Mr. Justice Murphy.
E. Albert Pallot, of Tallahassee, Fla.; Morrice S. Uman, of Tampa,
Fla.; Edward L. Watson, of Paterson, N. J.; William A. Hengeveld,
of Paterson, N. J.; George F. Miller, of Paterson, N. J.; James D. C.
Murray, of New York City; Meyer Schifrin, of Brooklyn, N. Y.;
Warner A. Ackerman, of Aberdeen, Wash.; Joseph K. Inness, of
New York City; Frederick Herman Korth, of Fort Worth, Tex.;
Donald M. Keith, of Los Angeles, Calif.; Frank G. Marshall, of
Chicago, Ill.; George F. Barrett, of Chicago, Ill.; John C. Stanley,
of Ashland, Ky.; Albert T. Hanby, of Philadelphia, Pa.; Anna Bren-
ner Meyers, of Miami Beach, Fla.; George R. Hillstrom, of Chicago,
Ill.; Richard H. Lowe, of Glen Rock, N. J.; Charles W. Bishop, of
Detroit, Mich.; Harry O. Wallace, of Long Beach, Calif.; Jesse W.
Carter, of San Francisco, Calif.; Joseph H. Freehill, of Washington,
D. C.; Edward S. Graves, of Lynchburg, Va.; Roy E. Cogdill, of
Dallas, Tex.; Roy N. Envall, of Drexel Hill, Pa.; Muriel Mawer, of
Seattle, Wash.; and H. Byron Mock, of Washington, D. C., were ad-
mitted to practice.
No. 90. Carlota Benitez Sampayo, petitioner, v. The Bank of Nova
Scotia. On writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of
Appeals for the First Circuit. Judgment reversed with costs and
cause remanded to the Circuit Court of Appeals for consideration of
other questions in the light of the decision of this Court. Opinion
by Mr. Justice Murphy. Mr. Justice Stone did not participate in
the consideration or decision of this case.
No. 666. Detrola Radio and Television Corporation, petitioner, v.
Hazeltine Corporation. On writ of certiorari to the United States
Circuit Court of Appeals for the Sixth Circuit. Judgment reversed
with costs and cause remanded to the District Court of the United
States for the Eastern District of Michigan for further proceedings
in conformity with the opinion of this Court. Opinion by Mr. Jus-
tice Roberts.
266260-41-91

MONDAY, MAY 12, 1941
231
The Chief Justice announced the following orders of the Court:
No. 869. Ella H. Tinkoff and Paysoff Tinkoff, petitioners, v. Ben
J. Gold, Trustee, et al. On petition for writ of certiorari to the
United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Seventh Circuit.
Per curiam: The motion to proceed in forma pauperis is granted.
It appears that on a motion to vacate an order approving a super-
sedeas bond given on the appeal to the Circuit Court of Appeals, the
appeal was dismissed for failure of appellants to produce the surety
on the bond as required by the court, and later the Circuit Court of
Appeals denied appellants' motion to vacate that order of dismissal.
The petition for certiorari is granted and the order of dismissal is
reversed upon the ground that while the failure to produce the surety
for examination was an adequate reason for vacating the approval of
the supersedeas bond, it did not justify the dismissal of the appeal.
No. 919. Claude Steeley, petitioner, v. J. M. Kurn and John G.
Lonsdale, Trustees of the St. Louis-San Francisco Railway Company.
On petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of the State
of Missouri. Per curiam: The petition for writ of certiorari is
granted, and the judgment is reversed. Jamison v. Encarnacion, 281
U. S. 635.
No. 907. Safe Harbor Water Power Corporation, appellant, v. The
United States of America, Leland Olds, et al.; and
No. 908. Safe Harbor Water Power Corporation, appellant, v. The
United States of America et al. Appeals from the District Court
of the United States for the Eastern District of Pennsylvania. Per
curiam: The motion to dismiss is granted, and the appeals are dis-
missed for want of jurisdiction. Stratton v. St. Louis S. W. Ry., 282
U. S. 10, 15–16; Virginian Ry. v. United States, 272 U. S. 658, 671–672;
Ex parte Atlantic Coast Line R. Co., 279 U. S. 822. See Federal
Power Act, sec. 313 (b) (Act of August 26, 1935, c. 687, Title II, sec.
213, 49 Stat. 847, 860, 16 U. S. C., sec. 825L (b)).
No. 938. Samuel D. Orwitz, appellant, v. Board of Dental Ex-
aminers of the State of California. Appeal from the District Court
of Appeal, 1st Appellate District, State of California. Per curiam:
The motion to dismiss is granted and the appeal is dismissed for
want of a properly presented substantial federal question. (1)
Semler v. State Board of Dental Examiners, 294 U. S. 608; Brown
v. Massachusetts, 308 U. S. 504. (2) Cleveland & Pittsburgh R.
Co. v. Cleveland, 235 U. S. 50, 53; Hiawassee Power Co. v. Caro-
lina-Tenn. Co., 252 U. S. 341, 344; White River Co. v. Arkansas,
279 U. S. 692, 700.
No. -, original. State of California, plaintiff, v. The United
States of America. On motion for leave to file complaint. Per

MONDAY, MAY 12, 1941
232
curiam: The motion for leave to file complaint is denied. Kansas v.
United States, 204 U. S. 331; Williams v. United States, 289 U. S.
553, 573; Principality of Monaco v. Mississippi, 292 U. S. 313, 321.
The Chief Justice said:
"The other orders of the Court appear upon the list certified by
the Chief Justice and filed with the Clerk and will not be an-
nounced orally."
No., original. Ex parte Paul Wesley Parker, petitioner. The
motion for leave to file petition for writ of habeas corpus is denied.
No. 686. George C. Reitz, appellant, v. Carroll E. Mealey, as Com-
missioner of Motor Vehicles of the State of New York. The peti-
tion for rehearing is granted. The judgment is vacated and the
case is restored to the docket for reargument and assigned for hear-
ing on Monday, October 13, next.
No. 929. James W. Roland, petitioner, v. Port Compress Company.
On petition for writ of certiorari to the County Court of Nueces
County, State of Texas. The motion for leave to proceed further
herein in forma pauperis is denied for the reason that the Court,
upon examination of the papers herein submitted, finds no ground
upon which a writ of certiorari should be issued. The petition for
writ of certiorari is therefore also denied.
No. 968. Irving Trust Company and Thomas F. McGlone, Jr., as
Executors, etc., et al., appellants, v. Chase L. Day, as Executor, etc.
In this case probable jurisdiction is noted. Further consideration
of the motion to dismiss is postponed to the hearing of the case on
the merits.
No. 970. The United States of America and Interstate Commerce
Commission, appellants, v. N. E. Rosenblum Truck Lines, Inc.; and
No. 971. The United States of America and Interstate Commerce
Commission, appellants, v. J. B. Margolies, an individual doing
business as Manhattan Truck Lines. In these cases probable juris-
diction is noted.
No. 906. The United States of America, petitioner, v. The State
of Texas et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Civil
Appeals, 2nd Judicial District, State of Texas, granted.
No. 909. The United States, petitioner, v. The Kansas Flour Mills
Corporation. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Claims
granted.
No. 926. E. V. Parker, Deputy Commissioner, United States Em-
ployees' Compensation Commission, petitioner, v. Motor Boat Sales,

MONDAY, MAY 12, 1941
233
Incorporated. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Circuit Court of Appeals for the Fourth Circuit granted.
No. 910. Abraham L. Shushan, petitioner, v. The United States of
America;
No. 911. Robert J. Newman and Norvin T. Harris, Jr., petitioners,
v. The United States of America;
No. 912. Henry J. Miller, petitioner, v. The United States of
America; and
No. 913. Herbert W. Waguespack, petitioner, v. The United States
of America. The motion for leave to file a supplemental petition in
No. 911 is granted. The petitions for writs of certiorari to the
United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit are
denied. Mr. Justice Murphy took no part in the consideration and
decision of these applications.
No. 916. Frank L. Weil, William E. Russell, et al., etc., petition-
ers, v. The United States of America, Petition for writ of certiorari
to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit
denied. The Chief Justice took no part in the consideration and
decision of this application.
No. 935. First National Bank of Temple, petitioner, v. Continental
Casualty Company. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United
States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 936. William Davies Co., Inc., petitioner, v. The People of
the State of Illinois, ex rel., John L. Toman, County Treasurer, etc.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of the State of
Illinois denied.
No. 937. The Equitable Life Assurance Society of the United
States, petitioner, v. Stanley A. Marshall, Administrator, etc. Peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of
Appeals for the Sixth Circuit denied.
No. 940. The United States of America, ex rel. Josephine Jump,
nee Strikeaxe, et al., petitioners, v. Harold L. Ickes, Secretary, etc.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the District of Columbia denied.
No. 949. Travelers Insurance Company, petitioner, v. Mildred T.
Wilkins. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit
Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit denied.
ORDER
The Court will take a recess from today until Monday, May 26,
and from that day until Monday, June 2, upon which day it will
adjourn for the term unless otherwise ordered.

Х
MONDAY, MAY 12, 1941
234
No motions, except motions for admission to practice, will be
received after the session next before the date fixed for adjournment
of the term.
No. 918. Liberty Mutual Insurance Company, petitioner, v. Earl
William Lee. On petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Circuit Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit. Dismissed on motion
of counsel for petitioner.
Adjourned until Monday, May 26 next, at 12 o'clock.
R

MONDAY, MAY 26, 1941
235
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: The Chief Justice, Mr. Justice Stone, Mr. Justice Roberts,
Mr. Justice Black, Mr. Justice Reed, Mr. Justice Frankfurter, Mr.
Justice Douglas, and Mr. Justice Murphy.
Gerald J. Meindl, of Portland, Oreg.; C. Laird McKenna, of Port-
land, Oreg.; C. Wayland Brooks, of Chicago, Ill.; Julius F. Trefz, of
Chicago, Ill.; Jean R. Meyer, of Portland, Oreg.; Vernon C. Stone-
man, of Boston, Mass.; Thomas L. McKevitt, of Ironwood, Mich.;
Maurice G. Shanberg, of Chicago, Ill.; Diana D. Coopersmith, of
Miami Beach, Fla.; A. B. Culbertson, of Fort Worth, Tex.; O. W.
Smith, Jr., of Chicago, Ill.; Charles Edward Markeles, of Atlanta,
Ga.; Robert G. Clostermann, of Portland, Oreg.; Sam T. Cook, of
Houston, Tex.; James W. Wallace, of Mound City, Kans.; Philip
Gensler, of New Orleans, La.; Alex L. Andrus, Jr., of Eunice, La.;
John B. Sullivan, of Saint Louis, Mo.; Mercer Brown, of Saint
Petersburg, Fla.; Richard M. Krannawitter, of Vaughn, N. Mex.;
Webb M. Mize, of Gulfport, Miss.; William Boone Stanfield, of
Dallas, Tex.; Harold H. Wisehart, of Clinton, Ind.; William C.
O'Keefe, of Saginaw, Mich.; Milton D. Hughes, of Athens, Ohio;
John D. Shepard, of Cocoa, Fla.; Leonard B. Slosson, of Los Angeles,
Calif.; Marjorie Roemler Kinnaird, of Indianapolis, Ind.; Leonard
A. Worthington, of San Francisco, Calif.; Albert W. Shupienis, of
Washington, D. C.; Frank O. Ray, of Alpine, Tex.; Earle Tyler
Shoup, of Louisville, Ky.; Arnold C. Rood, of Boston, Mass.; Rod-
erick B. Travis, of White Plains, N. Y.; Howard J. Newmark, of
New York, N. Y.; Gerald R. Knudson, of Los Angeles, Calif.; George
F. Guy, of Cheyenne, Wyo.; Russell P. Place, of Boston, Mass.;
Edmond Borgia Butler, of New York, N. Y.; F. Gwyn Harper, Jr.,
of Hickory, N. C.; Aloysius J. Bier, of Washington, D. C.; Welborn
B. Cody, of Atlanta, Ga.; Alexander Bishoff, of Washington, D. C.;
Joseph B. O'Neill, of Washington, D. C.; Thos. C. Fisher, of Louis-
ville, Ky.; William R. Lichtenberg, of Washington, D. C.; Curtis D.
Cecil, of Washington, D. C.; Herbert Miller Kidner, of Pittsburgh,
Pa.; William James Galvin, Jr., of Hartford, Conn.; Henry P.
Elliott, of New York, N. Y.; William Edward Hilbert, of Washington,
D. C.; William Geo. Fitzpatrick, Jr., of Detroit, Mich.; John L.
Grant, of New York, N. Y.; Edwin S. Bettelheim, Jr., of Washing-
ton, D. C.; Joseph E. Brodinsky, of Pittsburgh, Pa.; Walter S.
Welsh, of Washington, D. C.; Paul B. Martin, of Washington, D. C.;
266260-41-92

MONDAY, MAY 26, 1941
236
Paul F. Douglass, of Washington, D. C.; Denis F. Mahony, of Bidde-
ford, Maine; Murray Ludmer, of Wood-Ridge, N. J.; Jack Wagner
Hardy, of Los Angeles, Calif.; Joseph Howard Hinshaw, of Chicago,
Ill.; David W. Byron, of Washington, D. C.; DeWitt Harry, of Port-
land, Oreg.; Louis A. McKeown, of Saint Louis, Mo.; Chas. Goldman,
of New York, N. Y.; Gustave J. Rosen, of New York, N. Y.; Clark
G. Clinton, of Tulsa, Okla.; Mathew O. Tobriner, of San Francisco,
Calif.; Frederick M. Davenport, Jr., of New York, N. Y.; Richard
M. Leonard, of San Francisco, Calif.; James J. Morrison, of New
Orleans, La., and Marion Maxwell Caskie, Jr., of Montgomery,
Ala.,
were admitted to practice.
No. 853. The United States of America, petitioner, v. The A. S.
Kreider Company. On writ of certiorari to the United States Cir-
cuit Court of Appeals for the Third Circuit. Judgment reversed
and cause remanded to the District Court of the United States for
the Middle District of Pennsylvania with directions to dismiss the
petition. Opinion by Mr. Justice Murphy.
No. 684. Guy T. Helvering, Commissioner of Internal Revenue,
petitioner, v. Richard J. Reynolds. On writ of certiorari to the
United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Fourth Circuit.
Judgment reversed and cause remanded to the said Circuit Court
of Appeals for further proceedings in conformity with the opinion
of this Court. Opinion by Mr. Justice Douglas. Dissenting opinion
by Mr. Justice Roberts in which the Chief Justice joins.
No. 734. Mary Flagler Cary, petitioner, v. Commissioner of Inter-
nal Revenue;
No. 735. Harry Harkness Flagler, petitioner, v. Commissioner of
Internal Revenue;
No. 736. Estate of Annie L. Flagler, deceased, Harry Harkness
Flagler, Executor, petitioner, v. Commissioner of Internal Revenue;
and
No. 737. Jean Louise Matthews, petitioner, v. Commissioner of
Internal Revenue. On writs of certiorari to the United States Cir-
cuit Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit. Judgments affirmed
and cases remanded to the said Circuit Court of Appeals. Opinion
by Mr. Justice Douglas. Dissenting: The Chief Justice and Mr.
Justice Roberts.
No. 640. The United States of America and Secretary of Agri-
culture, appellants, v. Alice M. Morgan, Administratrix of the Estate
of F. O. Morgan, deceased, et al. Appeal from the District Court
of the United States for the Western District of Missouri. Judg-

MONDAY, MAY 26, 1941
237
ment reversed and cause remanded to the said District Court for
further proceedings in conformity with the opinion of this Court.
Opinion by Mr. Justice Frankfurter. Mr. Justice Reed did not
participate in the consideration or decision of this case. Dissenting
opinion by Mr. Justice Roberts.
No. 610. J. Tom Watson, Individually and as Attorney General
of the State of Florida, et al., appellants, v. Gene Buck, Individually
and as President of the American Society of Composers, Authors,
and Publishers, et al.; and
No. 611. Gene Buck, Individually and as President of the Ameri-
can Society of Composers, Authors, and Publishers, et al., appellants,
v. J. Tom Watson, Individually and as Attorney General of the State
of Florida, et al. Appeals from the District Court of the United
States for the Northern District of Florida et al. Decree in No. 610
reversed with costs and cause remanded to the District Court with
instructions to dismiss the bill. Decree in No. 611 affirmed with
costs. Opinion by Mr. Justice Black. Mr. Justice Murphy took no
part in the consideration or decision of this case.
No. 312. Frank Marsh, as Secretary of State of Nebraska, et al.,
appellants, v. Gene Buck, Individually and as President of the
American Society of Composers, Authors, and Publishers, et al.
Appeal from the District Court of the United States for the District
of Nebraska. Judgment reversed with costs and cause remanded
with instructions to dismiss the bill. Opinion by Mr. Justice Black.
Mr. Justice Murphy took no part in the consideration or decision of
this case.
No. 14, original. Forrest Holiday, petitioner, v. James A. John-
ston, Warden, United States Penitentiary, Alcatraz, California. On
writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for
the Ninth Circuit. Judgment reversed and cause remanded to the
District Court of the United States for the Northern District of
California for further proceedings in conformity with the opinion
of this Court. Opinion by Mr. Justice Roberts.
No. 718. L. R. Brooks, petitioner, v. Archie J. Dewar et al. On
writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of the State of Nevada.
Judgment reversed and cause remanded to the said Supreme Court
for further proceedings not inconsistent with the opinion of this Court.
Opinion by Mr. Justice Roberts.
No. 709. J. H. Wood and J. H. Knowlton, appellants, v. T. S.
Lovett, Jr. Appeal from the Supreme Court of the State of Arkan-
sas. Judgment reversed with costs and cause remanded to the said
Supreme Court for further proceedings not inconsistent with the
opinion of this Court. Opinion by Mr. Justice Roberts. Dissenting

MONDAY, MAY 26, 1941
238
opinion by Mr. Justice Black in which Mr. Justice Douglas and Mr.
Justice Murphy join.
No. 863. The City of New York, petitioner, v. Michael Feiring,
Trustee in Bankruptcy of National Studios, Inc. On writ of cer-
tiorari to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Second
Circuit. Judgment reversed with costs and cause remanded to the
District Court of the United States for the Southern District of
New York for further proceedings in conformity with the opinion
of this Court. Opinion by Mr. Justice Stone. Dissenting: Mr.
Justice Roberts.
No. 817. The Royal Indemnity Company, petitioner, v. The United
States of America. On writ of certiorari to the United States Cir-
cuit Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit. Judgment affirmed
and cause remanded to the District Court of the United States for
the Southern District of New York. Opinion by Mr. Justice Stone.
Dissenting opinion by Mr. Justice Black in which Mr. Justice Doug-
las and Mr. Justice Murphy concur.
No. 618. The United States of America, appellant, v. Patrick B.
Classic, John A. Morris, et al. Appeal from the District Court of
the United States for the Eastern District of Louisiana. Judgment
reversed and cause remanded to the said District Court for further
proceedings in conformity with the opinion of this Court. Opinion
by Mr. Justice Stone. The Chief Justice took no part in the con-
sideration or decision of this case. Dissenting opinion by Mr. Jus-
tice Douglas in which Mr. Justice Black and Mr. Justice Murphy
join.
No. 12, original. The United States of America, complainant, v.
The State of Alabama. The United States is entitled to a decree
setting aside the tax sales and the certificates of purchase, and in
other respects the complaint is dismissed. Opinion by Mr. Chief
Justice Hughes.
The Chief Justice announced the following orders of the Court:
No. 2, original. The State of Wisconsin et al., complainants, v. The
State of Illinois et al.;
No. 3, original. The State of Michigan, complainant, v. The State
of Illinois et al.; and
No. 4, original. The State of New York, complainant, v. The State
of Illinois et al. Per curiam: The exceptions to the report of the
Special Master are overruled and the report is confirmed. The peti-
tion and the modified petition of the State of Illinois are dismissed
with costs. Mr. Justice Murphy took no part in the consideration
and decision of this case. Mr. Justice Black dissents.

MONDAY, MAY 26, 1941
239
No. 449. Joe Vernon, petitioner, v. State of Alabama. On writ
of certiorari to the Supreme Court of the State of Alabama. Per
curiam: The judgment is reversed. Chambers v. Florida, 309 U. S.
227; White v. Texas, 310 U. S. 530.
The Chief Justice said:
"The other orders of the Court appear upon the list certified by
the Chief Justice and filed with the Clerk and will not be an-
nounced orally."
ORDER
It is ordered that, pursuant to the provisions of Public Resolution,
No. 50, 76th Congress, approved August 10, 1939, there be transferred
$300 from the appropriation "Miscellaneous salaries, United States
Courts, 1940," to the appropriation designated "Contingent ex-
penses, Administrative Office of the United States Courts, 1940," the
above amount to be in addition to amounts heretofore transferred
by orders of November 6, 1939, and April 22, 1940.
ORDER
It is ordered by this Court that George F. Longsdorf, of Oakland,
California, be, and he hereby is, appointed a member of the Advisory
Committee appointed February 3, 1941, to assist the Court in the
preparation of rules of pleading, practice, and procedure with respect
to proceedings prior to and including verdict, or finding of guilty or
not guilty, in criminal cases in district courts of the United States.
ORDER
It is ordered that paragraph 7 of Rule 32 of the Rules of this
Court be amended so as to read as follows:
"7. In pursuance of the Act of March 3, 1883, authorizing and
empowering this court to prepare a table of fees to be charged by
the clerk of this court the following table is adopted:
"For docketing a case and filing and indorsing the transcript
of the record, fifteen dollars.
"For entering an appearance, twenty-five cents.
"For entering a continuance, twenty-five cents.
"For filing a motion, order, or other paper, twenty-five cents.
"For entering any rule or for making or copying any record or
other paper, twenty cents per folio of each one hundred words.
"For transferring each case to a subsequent docket and indexing
the same, one dollar.
266260-41-93

MONDAY, MAY 26, 1941
"For entering a judgment or decree, one dollar.
"For every search of the records of the court, one dollar.
"For a certificate and seal, two dollars.
240
"For receiving, keeping, and paying money in pursuance of any
statute or order of court, two per cent. on the amount so received,
kept, and paid.
"For an admission to the bar and certificate under seal, including
filing of preliminary certificate and statements, fifteen dollars.
"For preparing the record or a transcript thereof for the printer,
in all cases, including records presented with petitions for certiorari,
indexing the same, supervising the printing and distributing the
printed copies to the justices, the reporter, the law library, and the
parties or their counsel, ten cents per folio of each one hundred
words; but where the necessary printed copies of the record as
printed for the use of the court below are furnished, charges under
this item will be limited to any additions printed here under the clerk's
supervision.
"For making a manuscript copy of the record, when required
under Rule 13, fifteen cents per folio of each one hundred words,
but nothing in addition for supervising the printing.
"For preparing, on filing, for the printer, petitions for writs of
certiorari, briefs, jurisdictional statements, or motions when required
by the Rules, or at the request of counsel when, in the opinion of the
clerk, circumstances require, indexing the same, changing record
references to conform to the pagination of the printed record, and
supervising the printing, five dollars for each such petition, brief,
jurisdictional statement, or motion. Neither the expense of printing
nor the clerk's supervising fee shall be allowed as costs in the case.
"For a mandate or other process, ten dollars.
"For an order on petition for writ of certiorari, five dollars.
"For filing briefs, ten dollars for each party appearing.
"For every printed copy of any opinion of the court or any justice
thereof, certified under seal, two dollars."
It is further ordered that this order shall apply to all cases dock-
eted on or after July 1, 1941.
No. Ex parte Charles N. Williams, petitioner; and
No.
―.
Ex parte Joseph Poresky, petitioner. Applications denied.
No.
- original. Ex parte Emmet H. Bozel, petitioner. The mo-
tion for leave to file a petition for habeas corpus is denied without
prejudice to a further application to the United States District Court
for the District of Kansas, and for proceedings thereon in accord-
ance with the decisions in Walker v. Johnston, No. 173, decided
February 10, 1941, and Holiday v. Johnston, No. 14, Original, this
day decided.

No.
MONDAY, MAY 26, 1941
original. Ex parte Ernest J. Anderson, petitioner ;
241
No. -, original. Ex parte Clarence M. Brummitt, petitioner;
and
No., original. Ex parte John W. Meyers, petitioner. The mo-
tions for leave to file petitions for writs of habeas corpus are denied.
No. 2, original. The State of Wisconsin et al., complainants, v. The
State of Illinois et al.;
No. 3, original. The State of Michigan, complainant, v. The State
of Illinois et al.; and
No. 4, original. The State of New York, complainant, v. The State
of Illinois et al. An order is entered allowing the expenses and
fixing the compensation of Monte M. Lemann, Esquire, Special
Master herein.
No. 421. City of Indianapolis et al., petitioners, v. The Chase
National Bank of the City of New York, Trustee, etc., et al.;
No. 422. City of Indianapolis et al., petitioners, v. The Chase
National Bank of the City of New York, Trustee, etc.;
No. 423. The Chase National Bank of the City of New York,
Trustee, etc., petitioner, v. Citizens Gas Company of Indianapolis
et al.; and
No. 424. The Chase National Bank of the City of New York,
Trustee, etc., petitioner, v. The Indianapolis Gas Company et al.
These cases are restored to the docket and assigned for reargument
on Monday, October 13, next.
No. 624. Phoenix Finance Corporation, petitioner, v. Iowa-Wis-
consin Bridge Company. This case is restored to the docket and
assigned for reargument immediately following No. 587.
No. 951. Virgil Canterbury and Joe Sharp, petitioners, v. Hugh
A. Barnhart et al.; and
No. 952. John L. James, petitioner, v. Hugh A. Barnhart et al.
On petitions for writs of certiorari to the United States Circuit
Court of Appeals for the Seventh Circuit;
No. 954. George M. Spruill, petitioner, v. William T. Ballard et al.
On petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Ap-
peals for the District of Columbia;
No. 955. Ray Wagner, petitioner, v. The State of California et al.;
and
No. 956. George Melendez, petitioner, v. The State of California
et al. On petitions for writs of certiorari to the Supreme Court of
the State of California;
No. 939. Hugh Clarence Philbrook and James D. Raitt, peti-
tioners, v. The United States of America. On petition for writ of

MONDAY, MAY 26, 1941
242
certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Eighth
Circuit; and
No. 995. Murray Shapiro, petitioner, v. The People of the State
of New York. On petition for writ of certiorari to the County
Court, County of Kings, State of New York. The motions for leave
to proceed further herein in forma pauperis are denied for the reason
that the Court, upon examination of the papers herein submitted, finds
no ground upon which writs of certiorari should be issued. The peti-
tions for writs of certiorari are therefore also denied.
No. 1018. Ira Taylor, appellant, v. The State of Georgia. In
this case probable jurisdiction is noted. The motion for leave to
proceed in forma pauperis is granted.
No. 932. Louis H. Pink, Superintendent of Insurance of the State
of New York, petitioner, v. A. A. A. Highway Express, Inc., et al.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of the State of
Georgia granted.
No. 710. Massachusetts Bonding and Insurance Company, peti-
tioner, v. Madeleine Corby Webber and William J. Webber. Peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of the State of Ohio
granted.
No. 946. Morton Salt Company, petitioner, v. The G. S. Suppiger
Company. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit
Court of Appeals for the Seventh Circuit granted.
No. 1004. Thomas W. White et al., Former Collectors of Internal
Revenue for the District of Massachusetts, petitioners, v. Winchester
Country Club. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Circuit Court of Appeals for the First Circuit granted.
No. 1043. Julian Riley and Hughes Spalding, Executors, etc.,
petitioners, v. The New York Trust Company, Administrator
C. T. A., etc., et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme
Court of the State of Delaware granted.
No. 991. District of Columbia, petitioner, v. Henry C. Murphy,
and
No. 992. District of Columbia, petitioner, v. Paul M. DeHart.
Petitions for writs of certiorari to the United States Court of Ap-
peals for the District of Columbia granted. Mr. Justice Stone and
Mr. Justice Roberts took no part in the consideration and decision.
of these applications.
No. 1035. The Federal Land Bank of Saint Paul, petitioner, v.
Bismarck Lumber Company et al. The motion to substitute John
Gray, present Tax Commissioner of the State of North Dakota, as a
party respondent herein in the place and stead of Owen T. Owen,

MONDAY, MAY 26, 1941
243
resigned, is granted. The petition for writ of certiorari to the Su-
preme Court of the State of North Dakota is granted.
No. 746. Southern Railway Company, petitioner, v. Ethel Painter,
Administratrix, etc. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United
States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Eighth Circuit granted and
the case assigned for argument immediately following No. 678.
No. 1006. Warner Company, petitioner, v. Frank B. Loverich;
and
No. 1007. Warner Company, petitioner, v. Frank B. Loverich.
Petition for writs of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court
of Appeals for the Third Circuit denied. Mr. Justice Roberts took
no part in the consideration and decision of this application.
No. 983. Dorothy Brunet, petitioner, v. S. S. Kresge Company.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of
Appeals for the Seventh Circuit denied. Mr. Justice Stone and Mr.
Justice Roberts took no part in the consideration and decision of
this application.
No. 1045. Andrew J. Nichols et al., petitioners, v. Walter A. Todd,
Trustee, et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Circuit Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit denied. Mr. Justice
Douglas took no part in the consideration and decision of this
application.
No. 914. Hacel W. Nalder, Bankrupt, petitioner, v. The Federal
Land Bank of Berkeley et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Tenth Circuit denied.
No. 920. Wrightsman Petroleum Company, a corporation, etc.,
petitioner, v. The United States. Petition for writ of certiorari to
the Court of Claims denied.
No. 933. The Mutual Life Insurance Company of New York, peti-
tioner, v. Abraham I. Menin, Trustee etc. Petition for writ of
certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the
Second Circuit denied.
No. 941. The Continental Casualty Company, petitioner, v. The
United States of America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit
denied.
No. 950. Superior Court of the State of California, in and for the
City and County of San Francisco, petitioner, v. A. Caminetti, Jr.,
Insurance Commissioner of the State of California. Petition for
writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of the State of California
denied.

MONDAY, MAY 26, 1941
244
No. 953. Kearns Coal Corporation, petitioner, v. United States
Fidelity & Guaranty Company. Petition for writ of certiorari to
the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit
denied.
No. 960. Marvin L. Gardner, Trustee, etc., petitioner, v. Arthur
George Doethlaff, Bankrupt; and
No. 961. Marvin L. Gardner, Trustee, etc., petitioner, v. The Penn
Mutual Life Insurance Company. Petition for writs of certiorari
to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Sixth Circuit
denied.
No. 964. William Larimer Mellon and Thomas Mellon, Executors,
etc., petitioners, v. William Driscoll, Collector of Internal Revenue
for the Twenty-Third District of Pennsylvania. Petition for writ
of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the
Third Circuit denied.
No. 973. Erle R. Lane et al., etc., petitioners, v. Haytian Corpora-
tion of America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Circuit Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit denied.
No. 988. New York and Cuba Mail Steamship Company, peti-
tioner, v. The Continental Insurance Company of the City of New
York. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit
Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit denied.
No. 928. Cutler Mail Chute Company, petitioner, v. Capital Mail
Chute Corporation. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United
States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit denied.
No. 931. The Franklin Life Insurance Company, petitioner, v. The
United States. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Claims
denied.
No. 942. R. M. Vaughn and wife, Millie Lou Vaughn, petitioners,
v. Continental Royalty Company. Petition for writ of certiorari
to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit
denied.
No. 943. J. D. Collins, petitioner, v. Hatti L. Mosher, Individually,
etc., et al.; and
No. 944. S. D. Lount, petitioner, v. Hatti L. Mosher, Individually,
etc., et al. Petition for writs of certiorari to the United States Cir-
cuit Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit denied.
No. 945. Clifford Collins et al., petitioners, v. Socony-Vacuum Oil
Company, Inc. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Circuit Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 947. Frank White et ux., Mrs. Frank White, petitioners, v.
W. A. Thomas, Collector of Internal Revenue. Petition for writ of

MONDAY, MAY 26, 1941
245
certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Fifth
Circuit denied.
No. 957. The Creek Nation, petitioner, v. The United States. Peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the Court of Claims denied.
No. 958. Kettleman Hills Royalty Syndicate No. 1 (a Trust), peti-
tioner, v. Commissioner of Internal Revenue. Petition for writ of
certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Ninth
Circuit denied.
No. 967. Katherine C. Bryan and St. Louis Union Trust Company,
The Executors of the will of P. Taylor Bryan, deceased, petitioners,
v. Frank C. Ball, et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United
States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Eighth Circuit denied.
No. 969. South Atlantic Steamship Company of Delaware, peti-
titioner, v. National Labor Relations Board. Petition for writ of cer-
tiorari to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Fifth
Circuit denied.
No. 972. Albert Roberts, Jr., petitioner, v. Board of Public Instruc-
tion for the County of Broward, State of Florida. Petition for writ
of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the
Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 978. Compania Espanola de Navegacion Maritima, S. A., et al.,
petitioners, v. Roberto Hernandez, Inc. Petition for writ of certiorari
to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit
denied.
No. 979. Marguerite E. Bowen, petitioner, v. New York Life Insur-
ance Company. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Circuit Court of Appeals for the Eighth Circuit denied.
No. 982. J. M. Cohan, petitioner, v. Charles Samuel Elder and
Mary Ethel Elder, his wife. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit denied.
No. 984. The Sanitary District of Chicago, petitioner, v. Edgar C.
Guthard, Activated Sludge, Limited et al. Petition for writ of cer-
tiorari to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Sev-
enth Circuit denied.
No. 985. H. A. Phillips, Trustee, etc., petitioner, v. A. M. Arnold.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of
Appeals for the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 986. Soma Peto, petitioner, v. Thomas Howell. Petition for
writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the
Seventh Circuit denied.

MONDAY, MAY 26, 1941
246
No. 989. Irving Potash et al., petitioners, v. The United States of
America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Cir-
cuit Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit denied.
No. 990. The United States, petitioner, v. Nunnally Investment
Company. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Claims
denied.
No. 1001. Ernest E. Marks Company, petitioner, v. The United
States of America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United
States Court of Customs and Patent Appeals denied.
No. 792. Richard Archbold, petitioner, v. Commissioner of Internal
Revenue;
No. 793. Adrian Archbold, petitioner, v. Commissioner of Internal
Revenue;
No. 794. John Archbold, petitioner, v. Commissioner of Internal
Revenue; and
No. 795. Archbold Van Beuren, petitioner, v. Commissioner of
Internal Revenue. Petition for writs of certiorari to the United
States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit denied.
No. 819. Elizabeth G. Augustus, petitioner, v. Commissioner of
Internal Revenue. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United
States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Sixth Circuit denied.
No. 836. Elsie Van Vranken, petitioner, v. Guy T. Helvering, Com-
missioner of Internal Revenue. Petition for writ of certiorari to
the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit
denied.
No. 896, October Term, 1939. Amos G. McCampbell, Jr., petitioner,
v. The Warrich Corporation et al. The motion for leave to file a
second petition for rehearing is denied.
No. 776. Guy T. Helvering, Commissioner of Internal Revenue,
petitioner, v. Nebraska Bridge Supply & Lumber Company. The
motion for leave to file a second petition for rehearing is denied.
No.. Ex parte Cecil L. Snyder, petitioner;
No. 523. Crystal City Glass Workers' Union, petitioner, v. National
Labor Relations Board;
No. 658. Lambiris Skiriotes, appellant, v. The State of Florida;
No. 816. Ernest Newton Kalb, petitioner, v. Henry Feuerstein and
Helen Feuerstein;
No. 893. Payne Furnace and Supply Company, Inc., petitioner, v.
Williams-Wallace Company; and
No. 936. William Davies Co., Inc., petitioner, v. The People of the
State of Illinois, ex rel. John L. Toman, County Treasurer etc.
The petitions for rehearing in these cases are denied.

MONDAY, MAY 26, 1941
247
No., original. Ex parte State of Louisiana, plaintiff. Motion
for leave to file complaint submitted by Mr. James J. Morrison for
the plaintiff.
No. 6, original. Commonwealth of Kentucky, complainant, v. State
of Indiana. An order is entered striking this case from the docket
pursuant to stipulation of counsel.
Adjourned until Monday, June 2, next, at 12 o'clock.
☑

MONDAY, JUNE 2, 1941
248
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: The Chief Justice, Mr. Justice Stone, Mr. Justice Rob-
erts, Mr. Justice Black, Mr. Justice Reed, Mr. Justice Frankfurter,
Mr. Justice Douglas, and Mr. Justice Murphy.
George Murphy, of Detroit, Mich.; A. Harry Becker, of Wilwaukee,
Wis.; Albert J. Gould, of Denver, Colo.; Marshall S. Howard, of
Chicago, Ill.; Harold H. Burton, of Cleveland, Ohio; Charles A.
Sweeny, of Washington, D. C.; Keith Jaquiss, of Washington, D. C.;
Harry T. Gower, of New York City; Victor W. Godfrie, of Cleve-
land, Ohio; Frederic A. Shaffer, of Long Beach, Calif.; James F.
Splain, of Washington, D. C.; Mary E. Prentice, of Columbus, Ohio;
Julia M. Easley, of San Francisco, Calif.; Evelyn Neilson Cooper, of
Washington, D. C.; Daniel R. Dimick, of Portland, Oreg.; George
Lyle Jones, of Asheville, N. C.; Lowell W. Taylor, of Memphis,
Tenn.; Harold B. Corwin, of Grand Rapids, Mich.; James Vizzard,
of Bakersfield, Calif.; Gertrude Gottlieb, of New York City; J.
Richard Bowden, of Atlanta, Ga.; John R. Caterisan, of Atlanta,
Ga.; Thomas A. Browne, of Waupaca, Wis.; Charles C. Shea, of
Victoria, Tex.; Richard F. Welsh, of Nashua, N. H.; Frederick
Howard Hauser, of Hoboken, N. J.; Oswell G. Treadway, of Chicago,
Ill.; Andrew F. Van Thun, Jr., of New York City; George H.
Burtis, of New York City; Korean Movsisian, of Chicago, Ill.; Ar-
thur H. Glanz, of Los Angeles, Calif.; Mayer U. Newfield, of
Birmingham, Ala.; Donald A. Callahan, of Wallace, Idaho; George
W. Grimm, Jr., of East Orange, N. J.; John E. Powell, of Wash-
ington, D. C.; Bryan A. Hermes, of Philadelphia, Pa.; J. Harold
Kilcoyne, of Washington, D. C.; Donald M. Kitzmiller, of Los An-
geles, Calif.; Alphonse A. Laporte, of New York City; Wm. Earle
White, of Petersburg, Va.; Philip Edward Teeling, of Waco, Tex.;
Jerome C. Eisenberg, of Newark, N. J.; Abner Brodie, of Orange,
N. J.; George E. Murray, of Saint Louis, Mo.; Martin L. Cassell,
Jr., of Chicago, Ill.; Arthur Carpenter Elgin, of Washington, D. C.;
Charles Evan Henderson, of Salt Lake City, Utah; Camillus A. Con-
way, of Muskogee, Okla.; Gregory S. Prince, of Washington, D. C.;
and Eulan I. Snyder, of Washington, D. C., were admitted to
practice.
No. 832. State of Oklahoma ex rel. Leon C. Phillips, Governor
of the State of Oklahoma, appellant, v. Guy F. Atkinson Company,
266260-41 —94

MONDAY, JUNE 2, 1941
249
Cleon A. Summers, United States Attorney for the Eastern District
of Oklahoma, et al. Appeal from the District Court of the United
States for the Eastern District of Oklahoma. Judgment affirmed.
Opinion by Mr. Justice Douglas.
No. 594. Union Pacific R. R. Co., a Corporation, et al., appel-
lants, v. The United States of America et al. Appeal from the Dis-
trict Court of the United States for the Western District of Missouri.
Decree modified as indicated in the opinion of this Court and, as so
modified, affirmed. Opinion by Mr. Justice Reed. Mr. Justice Mur-
phy took no part in the consideration or decision of this case. Dis-
senting opinion by Mr. Justice Roberts, in which Mr. Justice Black
and Mr. Justice Douglas join.
No. 741. Klaxon Company, petitioner, v. Stentor Electric Manu-
facturing Company, Inc. On writ of certiorari to the United States
Circuit Court of Appeals for the Third Circuit. Judgment reversed
with costs and cause remanded to the Circuit Court of Appeals for
decision in conformity with the law of Delaware. Opinion by Mr.
Justice Reed.
No. 755. J. Rob Griffin, Administrator with will annexed of the
Estate of Robert D. Gordon, deceased, petitioner, v. John D. McCoach,
Trustee. On writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of
Appeals for the Fifth Circuit. Judgment reversed with costs and
cause remanded to the Circuit Court of Appeals for determination
of the law of Texas as applied to the circumstances of this case.
Opinion by Mr. Justice Reed. Mr. Justice Frankfurter concurs in
the result.
The Chief Justice announced the following orders of the Court:
No. 901. Bakery and Pastry Drivers and Helpers Local 802 of the
International Brotherhood of Teamsters et al., petitioners, v. Hyman
Wohl and Louis Platzman. On petition for writ of certiorari to the
Court of Appeals of the State of New York. Per curiam: The petition
for rehearing is granted. The order denying certiorari is vacated and
the petition for writ of certiorari is granted. The judgment is re-
versed. American Federation of Labor v. Swing, No. 56, decided
February 10, 1941.
No. 1063. Pearl Assurance Company. Limited, of London, Eng-
land, and Oscar H. Carlsson, appellants, v. Charles F. J. Harring, as
Commissioner of Insurance of the Commonwealth of Massachusetts.
Appeal from the District Court of the United States for the District
of Massachusetts. Per curiam: The judgment is affirmed. Mr. Jus-
tice Frankfurter took no part in the consideration and decision of
this case.

MONDAY, JUNE 2, 1941
250
No. 1066. Darnall Trucking Company, Inc., et al., appellants, v.
Burr H. Simpson, Individually etc., et al. Appeal from the Supreme
Court of Appeals of the State of West Virginia. Per curiam: The
motion to dismiss is granted and the appeal is dismissed for want
of a substantial federal question. Maurer v. Hamilton, 309 U. S.
598.
No. 1067. Alropa Corporation, appellant. v. J. A. Kirchwehm.
Appeal from the Supreme Court of the State of Ohio. Per curiam:
The motion to dismiss is granted and the appeal is dismissed for want
of a properly presented substantial federad question. (1) Godchaux
v. Estopinal, 251 U. S. 179: Rooker v. Fidelity Trust Co., 261 U. S. 114,
117; Herndon v. Georgia, 295 U. S. 441, 443: (2) Zadig v. Baldwin,
166 U. S. 485, 488; Live Oak Water Users' Ass'n v. Railroad Com-
mission, 269 U. S. 354, 357-358: (3) Kryger v. Wilson, 242 U. S. 171,
176; Finney v. Guy, 189 U. S. 335, 340: Johnson v. New York Life Ins.
Co., 187 U. S. 491, 496.
The Chief Justice said:
"The other orders of the Court appear upon the list certified by
the Chief Justice and filed with the Clerk and will not be announced
orally."
ORDER
The Court assigns Mr. Justice Frank Murphy temporarily to the
Sixth Circuit.
No. Ex parte Walter Wisniewski, petitioner. Application
denied.
No. original. Ex parte Cleio Hull, petitioner. The motion for
leave to file petition for writ of habeas corpus is denied.
No.
-
original. State of Louisiana, plaintiff. v. Claude Cummins
et al. A rule is ordered to issue. returnable October 1 next, requir-
ing the respondents to show cause why leave to file the complaint
should not be granted.
No. 11, original. State of Kansas, complainant, v. State of Mis-
souri. The application for an order on deposit for costs is granted,
and the States of Kansas and Missouri are directed each to deposit
with the Clerk one thousand dollars ($1.000) to defray the expenses
of the Special Master.
No. 14, original. Forrest Holiday, petitioner, v. James A. Johnston,
Warden, etc. Paragraph numbered 3 on page 4 of the opinion is
amended to read as follows:
"The respondent insists that the petition was premature if the
petitioner's claim that he was denied the assistance of counsel is
without merit, but the contention is pressed only if we find that no
question as to such denial is presented."

MONDAY, JUNE 2, 1941
251
The first sentence of the last paragraph on page 6 is amended
to read as follows:
"Finally, the sanction by Rule 53 of the Rules of Civil Procedure
of references to masters does not aid in the decision of the question
presented."
No. 19. Harry Bridges, petitioner, v. State of California; and
No. 64. The Times-Mirror Company and L. D. Hotchkiss, peti-
tioners, v. The-Superior Court of the State of California in and for
the County of Los Angeles. These cases are restored to the docket
and assigned for reargument on Monday, October 13 next.
No. 959. Phil Chadwick, Mrs. Phil Chadwick, et al., petitioners. v.
The United States of America. On petition for writ of certiorari
to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit.
The motion for leave to proceed further herein in forma pauperis
is denied for the reason that the Court, upon examination of the
papers herein submitted, finds no ground upon which a writ of cer-
tiorari should be issued. The petition for writ of certiorari is there-
fore also denied.
No. 966. Charles Beland, petitioner. v. The United States of
America. The motion to proceed on the typewritten record is
granted. The petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Cir-
cuit Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit is denied.
No. 1021. Charles Sherwin, petitioner, v. The United States of
America and
No. 1022. Joseph P. Sheridan, petitioner, v. The United States of
America. On petition for writs of certiorari to the United States Cir-
cuit Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit. The motion to use the
record in Nos. 319 and 320 is granted. The motion for leave to pro-
ceed further herein in forma pauperis is denied for the reason that
the Court, upon examination of the papers herein submitted, finds
no ground upon which writs of certiorari should be issued. The
petition for writs of certiorari is therefore also denied.
No. 917. John Semar Farnsworth, petitioner, v. Joseph W. San-
ford, Warden, etc. On petition for writ of certiorari to the United
States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit;
No. 1003. Harold Glass, petitioner, v. John J. Ryan, United States
Correctional Institution, Milan, Michigan. On petition for writ of
certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the
Sixth Circuit :
No. 1040. John H. Weitlauf, petitioner, v. The United States of
America. On petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia;
No. 1049. Edward Riley and Orville Watson, petitioners, v. The
State of Illinois. On petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme
Court of the State of Illinois;

MONDAY, JUNE 2, 1941
252
No. 1053. Clarence Pearson, petitioner, v. The People of the State
of California. On petition for writ of certiorari to the District Court
of Appeals, Second Appellate District, State of California; and
No. 1060. Edward E. Boerner, petitioner, v. The United States of
America. On petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Cir-
cuit Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit. The motions for leave
to proceed further herein in forma pauperis are denied for the reason
that the Court, upon examination of the papers herein submitted,
finds no ground upon which writs of certiorari should be issued. The
petitions for writs of certiorari are therefore also denied.
No. 1008. Clyde Hysler, petitioner, v. The State of Florida. The
motion for leave to proceed in forma pauperis is granted. The peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of the State of Florida
is also granted.
No. 974. The United States of America, petitioner, v. James M.
Ragen;
No. 975. The United States of America, petitioner, v. Arnold W.
Kruse; and
No. 976. The United States of America, petitioner, v. Lester A.
Kruse. Petition for writs of certiorari to the United States Circuit
Court of Appeals for the Seventh Circuit granted.
No. 981. Scaife Company, petitioner, v. Commissioner of Internal
Revenue. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit
Court of Appeals for the Third Circuit granted.
No. 1024. National Labor Relations Board, petitioner, v. P. Loril-
lard Company. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Circuit Court of Appeals for the Sixth Circuit granted.
No. 1033. B. B. Chemical Co., petitioner, v. Elmer A. Ellis and
Magic Tape Company. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United
States Circuit Court of Appeals for the First Circuit granted, and the
case is assigned for argument immediately following No. 946.
No. 1012. Southport Petroleum Company, petitioner, v. National
Labor Relations Board. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United
States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit granted limited
to the question of the correctness of denial by the Circuit Court of
Appeals of the petitioner's motion to remand to the National Labor
Relations Board for further evidence.
No. 1081. Christian W. Beck, petitioner, v. The United States of
America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit
Court of Appeals for the Seventh Circuit denied for the reason that
application therefor was not made within the time provided by law.
Rule XI of the Criminal Appeals Rules, 292 U. S. 665–666. Mr. Justice
Douglas took no part in the consideration and decision of this applica-
tion.
266260-11—95

MONDAY, JUNE 2, 1941
253
No. 838. Municipality of Guayanilla, petitioner, v. Public Service
Commission of Puerto Rico et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to
the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the First Circuit
denied.
No. 962. Martin M. Goldman, petitioner, v. The United States of
America:
No. 963. Jacob P. Shulman, petitioner, v. The United States of
America; and
No. 980. Theodore Goldman, petitioner, v. The United States of
America. Petition for writs of certiorari to the United States Circuit
Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit denied.
No. 965. Burk Brothers, petitioner, v. National Labor Relations
Board. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit
Court of Appeals for the Third Circuit denied.
No. 977. Marjorie Fleming Lloyd-Smith, petitioner, v. Commis-
sioner of Internal Revenue. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit
denied.
No. 987. Sabine Towing Company, Incorporated, petitioner, v.
Continental Insurance Company, Incorporated. Petition for writ of
certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the
Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 994. Wong Yim, alias George Wong, petitioner, v. The United
States of America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United
States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit denied.
No. 996. The Women's Catholic Order of Foresters, petitioner, v.
The City of Ennis, Texas, et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to
the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit
denied.
No. 998. Alexander J. Bielski, petitioner, v. Emerson Samuels.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of the Com-
monwealth of Pennsylvania denied.
No. 1000. Glendy B. Arnold, Judge of the Probate Court of the
City of St. Louis, Missouri, petitioner, v. Charles Wyers. Petition
for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of the State of Missouri
denied.
No. 1002. Johanna F. Fiske, Amanda F. Wheeler, et al., peti-
tioners, v. S. Mayner Wallace. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Eighth Circuit
denied.
No. 1005. Orville J. Taylor, petitioner, v. Commissioner of In-
ternal Revenue. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Circuit Court of Appeals for the Seventh Circuit denied.

MONDAY, JUNE 2, 1941
254
No. 1011. Alton Rufus Pesnell, petitioner, v. Department of Indus-
trial Relations of Alabama. Petition for writ of certiorari to Su-
preme Court of the State of Alabama denied.
No. 1014. Valley Mould and Iron Corporation, petitioner, v. Na-
tional Labor Relations Board. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Seventh Circuit
denied.
No. 1015. Chenille Manufacturing Co., Inc., et al., petitioners, v.
Moses J. Schifrin. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Circuit Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit denied.
No. 1017. Charles W. Miller, petitioner, v. The United States of
America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit
Court of Appeals for the Seventh Circuit denied.
No. 1020. Priscilla Baking Company et al., petitioners, v. Com-
missioner of Internal Revenue. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the First Circuit denied.
No. 1023. A. J. Pickett, General Chairman of the Brotherhood of
Railway and Steamship Clerks, etc., et al., petitioners, v. The Union
Terminal Company. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United
States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 1025. The Atchison, Topeka and Santa Fe Railway Company,
petitioner, v. Melvern A. Cooper. Petition for writ of certiorari to
the Supreme Court of the State of Missouri denied.
No. 1028. Adolph Netzel, petitioner, v. The People of the State of
Michigan. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of
the State of Michigan denied.
No. 1030. M. O. Cowan et al., Trustees, etc., petitioners, v. Hamil-
ton National Bank of Knoxville, as Trustee, etc. Petition for writ
of certiorari to the Supreme Court of the State of Tennessee denied.
No. 1034. Jesse L. Pearl and Massachusetts Bonding and Insur-
ance Company, petitioners, v. The County of Garfield, Nebraska.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of the State
of Nebraska denied.
No. 1042. Clyde Nimerick, petitioner, v. The United States of
America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Cir-
cuit Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit denied.
No. 1019. The Central National Bank of Cleveland, Trustee, peti-
tioner, v. Robert O'Brien, Executor, etc. Petition for writ of
certiorari to the Court of Appeals, Franklin County, State of Ohio,
denied.
No. 1041. F. Gerald Thomas and Ralph C. Golding, petitioners, v.
George W. Rossetter et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the

1
MONDAY, JUNE 2, 1941
255
United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Seventh Circuit
denied.
No. 1050. Howell Van Auken, Administrator, etc., et al., peti-
tioners, v. Second National Bank and Trust Company, of Saginaw,
Michigan, as Trustees, etc., et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to
the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Sixth Circuit
denied.
No. 1051. E. Diamantopoulos, Minister to the United States for
the Kingdom of Greece, petitioner, v. The American Tobacco Com-
pany et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Circuit Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit denied.
No. 1054. Howell Van Auken, Administrator, etc., et al., peti-
tioners, v. Second National Bank and Trust Company of Saginaw,
Michigan, as Trustee, etc., et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to
the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Sixth Circuit
denied.
No. 1031. R. W. Brooks et al., petitioners, v. The United States
of America and C. A. Firth. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit denied.
No. 1032. Marlin-Rockwell Corporation, petitioner, v. National
Labor Relations Board. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United
States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit denied.
No. 1058. Frank C. Rand, petitioner, v. Guy T. Helvering, Com-
missioner of Internal Revenue. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Eighth Circuit denied.
No. 924. Tom Wing Art, alias Wing Fook Tom, alias Shorty Yuen,
petitioner, v. William A. Carmichael, District Director of the United
States Immigration and Naturalization Service, District No. 20. Pe-
tition for writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of
Appeals for the Ninth Circuit denied.
No. 1046. The Press Co., Inc., petitioner, v. National Labor Rela-
tions Board et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia denied.
No. 1052. Reed & Prince Manufacturing Company, petitioner, v.
National Labor Relations Board. Petition for writ of certiorari to
the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the First Circuit denied.
No. 1056. The Singer Manufacturing Company, petitioner, v. Na-
tional Labor Relations Board. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Seventh Circuit denied.
No. 1071. American-West African Line, Inc., petitioner, v. John
A. Lydecker, Executor, etc. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
Supreme Court of the State of New York denied.

MONDAY, JUNE 2, 1941
256
No. 1074. The Solvay Process Company, petitioner, v. National
Labor Relations Board. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United
States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 32. Fidelity Union Trust Company and Minton H. Twinch, as
Executors, etc., petitioners, v. Ethel Adelaide Field. The motion for
leave to file a second petition for rehearing is granted.
No. 876, October Term, 1938. Maude W. Sweet et al., petitioners, v.
Commissioner of Internal Revenue. The motion for leave to file
petition for rehearing is denied.
No. 882, October Term, 1939. Julian W. Fretwell, petitioner, v.
Gillette Safety Razor Company. The motion for leave to file a sec-
ond petition for rehearing is denied.
No. 601. Paul W. Sampsell, as Trustee, etc., petitioner, v. Imperial
Paper and Color Corporation;
No. 655. Department of Treasury of the State of Indiana et al.,
etc., petitioners, v. Ingram-Richardson Manufacturing Company of
Indiana, Inc.;
No. 708. Philadelphia-Detroit Lines, Inc., appellant, v. Burr H,
Simpson, Individually, etc., et al.;
No. 857. Paysoff Tinkoff, petitioner, v. Paul Klein ex rel., Trustee,
etc.;
No. 858. Paysoff Tinkoff, petitioner, v. Thomas J. McManus,
Trustee, etc.;
No. 921. Funks Grove Grain Company, petitioner, v. The Alton
Railroad Company; and
No. 767. Milton Roe Sabin et al., petitioners, v. Home Owners' Loan
Corporation. Petitions for rehearing denied.
The Chief Justice announced the following order:
ORDER
All cases submitted and all business before the Court at this term
in readiness for disposition having been disposed of,
It is ordered by this Court that all cases on the docket be, and they
hereby are, continued to the next term.
Adjourned to the time and place appointed by law.

MONDAY, JUNE 2, 1941
257
By order of Mr. Justice Stone the following correspondence be-
tween the Court and the Chief Justice is appended to the minutes of
June 2, 1941.
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES,
Washington, D. C., June 2, 1941.
DEAR CHIEF JUSTICE: The announcement of your decision to re-
tire from the active duties of your office brings to us a deep sense of
regret that our association with you in the daily work of the Court
must end. In all the years of that association you have been tireless
in carrying the heavy burden which unavoidably rests on the Chief
Justice. With single-minded devotion to the high purpose of the
Court you have brought to your leadership there all the resources
gained from many years of eminent public and professional service,
wide knowledge of the law, and that unflagging energy and pains-
taking care with which you have guided our deliberations with thor-
oughness and dispatch.
At this moment of parting we wish to assure you of the high regard
and esteem in which we hold you and your distinguished services to
the Court and to the country. We wish for you in the years to
come unabated vigor and good health and the full enjoyment of the
opportunity to continue to employ your talents in agreeable and use-
ful accomplishment.
Faithfully yours,
The CHIEF JUSTICE.
HARLAN F. STONE.
OWEN J. ROBERTS.
HUGO L. BLACK.
STANLEY REED.
FELIX FRANKFURTER.
WM. O. DOUGLAS.
FRANK MURPHY.
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES,
Washington, D. C., June 3, 1941.
MY DEAR BRETHREN: I shall always treasure the generous words
of your letter. I keenly regret the necessity of giving up the privi-
lege of our daily association and I shall carry into my retirement an
abiding and precious memory of the good will and friendly con-
sideration you have invariably shown me in the intimacy of our
common endeavor. Despite my withdrawal from active service, I
trust that our companionship may still continue and I extend to each

'
MONDAY, JUNE 2, 1941
258
of you the assurance of my high esteem and my earnest wish for
your health and happiness.
Faithfully yours,
Mr. Justice STONE.
Mr. Justice ROBERTS.
Mr. Justice BLACK.
Mr. Justice REED.
Mr. Justice FRANKFURTER.
Mr. Justice DOUGLAS.
Mr. Justice MURPHY.
CHARLES E. HUGHES.