100
OCTOBER TERM, 1942
STATISTICS
537651
Original
Appellate
Total
Number of cases on docket--
15
1, 103
1, 118
Cases disposed of ____.
5
992
997
Remaining on docket-.
10
111
121
Cases disposed of-
By written opinions
By per curiam opinions_
By denial or dismissal of petitions for certiorari ….
By motion to dismiss or per stipulation..
196
63
731
7
Number of written opinions_
Number of admissions to bar-
REFERENCE INDEX
Proceedings at Special Term (Saboteur case) --
147
937
Page
1-6
Sutherland, J., death of (July 18, 1942) announced - -
Brandeis, J., resolutions of the Bar presented by Judge Calvert
Magruder_
1
Brandeis, J., bust of presented-
སྣུམ
92
2
Byrnes, J., announcement of resignation and correspondence__
Rutledge, J., commission read and oath taken (February 15,
1943)___
1,2
153
246
Mrs. William Howard Taft, death of, announced
Advisory committee appointed to assist court in preparation of
rules with respect to appeals by United States in certain cases
(Act of May 9, 1942) --
Disbarment, In the matter of-
Paysoff Tinkoff ….
Edward H. Coulter___
Frank C. Sibley--
John G. Ross (resignation)
George B. Johnson..
Leonard S. Levin (resignation).
George S. Wolbert_.
Rules of Supreme Court-Rule 32, par. 7, amended.
488078-43--101
49
36
70, 121
70, 121
225
248
270
276
150

II
Rules of Supreme Court-Rule 36, § 1, amended.
Rules in Criminal cases-Rule XI, amended _____
Allotment of Justices__
Page
262
156
163
8, 29, 38, 42, 62, 69, 270
9
70
Counsel appointed (Nos. -, Ex parte Weil; 76; 72; 325; 11,
original; 997) –--
Appearance withdrawn (No. 5) ----
Appearance of counsel and all papers filed by him ordered
withdrawn on motion of one of the parties (Nos. 75 and 96)--
Opinions amended (Nos. 76; 85; 48–9; 79; 490; 520) --84, 133, 188, 251
Judgment amended (No. 396) –
Judgment vacated ex mero motu (No. 238)
177
136
Judgments affirmed by equally divided court (Nos. 9; 28)--46, 270
Certificate to Attorney General (Nos. 449; 556).
Bail granted (No. 473).
63, 112
46
183, 211, 216
184
Stay granted (Nos. 704; 792; Robinson v. Ala.)
Temporary restraining order granted (Nos. 554–5) …….
Printing record-expense to be borne by United States (Nos.
325; 11, original) --
Reargument ordered (Nos. 28; 299, and 329; 495-496; 528;
628)--
Moot case (Nos. 423; 446-447; 288; 163; 823; 873) -
9,52
62, 156, 182, 216
51,
74, 194, 218, 227, 244
Habeas corpus denied because petitioner no longer in respon-
dent's custody (Ex parte Weil)--
Habeas corpus denied on ground that state court remedies had
not been exhausted (Ex parte Davis; Williams; Ross; Gooch;
McConnell).
62
9, 112, 242, 262
152
Appeal dismissed as to one appellant (No. 554) –.
Appeal dismissed for failure to make application within time
(No. 244). Counsel argued (1) a prior timely application to
a lower state court upon which no action was obtained
should control and (2) judgment did not become final until
remittitur received by lower court (California). See also
Dept. of Banking v. Pink, No. 466, decided December 21,
1942; Matton Steamboat Co. v. Murphy, No. 783, decided
June 1, 1943; and Cole v. Violette, No. 892, decided June
14, 1943
--6, 107, 254, 270
Appeal dismissed for want of final judgment (No. 160)----
Certiorari denied for failure to file within time (No. 364).
Counsel argued that time should be computed from date
judgment entered by lower court on remittitur (Georgia) ---
Certiorari denied for failure to file within time. Telegraphic
application for extension of time was not received until after
midnight of last day and was denied "for lack of power to
grant it" (No. 130) ---
6
39
16

III
Page
Certiorari denied for failure to file within time. Extension
had been obtained upon an application wherein counsel had
unknowingly recited erroneous judgment date. Time had
actually expired prior to presentation of application and
extension was therefore ineffectual (No. 267)-
Certiorari denied for failure to file within time (Nos. 532; 459;
710; 900; 959;993; 998; 1034)---
16
77, 123, 167, 227, 236, 266
Certiorari denied for failure to make application to transfer
to court en banc (No. 140) (Missouri) - - .
5
Certiorari denied on ground that state court remedies not
exhausted (Nos. 311; 445). (See also habeas corpus.) 10, 64
Certiorari denied for want of final judgment (Nos. 169; 752-
753)
Certiorari denied for want of final judgment-one justice dis-
senting (No. 830). Rehearing granted.
6, 236
218, 225
Certiorari denied on ground that record does not show that
federal question presented to or expressly passed on by Court
of Appeals, New York (Nos. 903-904). Rehearing granted. 243, 271
Certiorari denied on ground that judgment below rested on a
nonfederal ground adequate to support it. (No. 608) ------
Certiorari denied with the Justices dissenting (Nos. 869 and
901; 1015)___
273
244, 279
Rehearing granted (No. 459). Certiorari had been denied as
out of time. Court directed that a prior application received
within time be treated as a petition for certiorari___
Rehearing granted (Nos. 606, 610, and 619; 419; 903-904;
907-908)
123
188, 263, 271
Rehearing granted and reargument ordered (Nos. 280, 314,
and 966, O. T. 1941).
Rehearing denied with memorandum (No. 25) -
Rehearing granted and limitation theretofore placed on scope
of argument removed (Nos. 945-946)-
Motion to enlarge scope of argument denied (No. 881) -
Petition for construction of mandate denied (No. 12, O. T.
1940)___
157
266
277
255
37
Motion to file bill to perpetuate testimony granted and Com-
missioner appointed (No. 12, original) --
138, 156, 187
Entire record ordered up on certificate (Nos. 870–871) -
Motion to bring up entire record denied (No. 912).
Application denied for want of original jurisdiction (Ex parte
Fiala)…….
Order suspending call of docket and fixing adjournment date- -
Order fixing adjournment date ---
Final order…
237
237, 267, 274
280
194
206
270
U. S. GOVERNMENT PRINTING OFFICE: 1943

WEDNESDAY, JULY 29, 1942
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
1
The Court met in Special Term pursuant to a call by the Chief
Justice having the approval of all the Associate Justices.
Present: The Chief Justice, Mr. Justice Roberts, Mr. Justice
Black, Mr. Justice Reed, Mr. Justice Frankfurter, Mr. Justice
Byrnes, and Mr. Justice Jackson.
Cassius M. Dowell, of Washington, D. C., was admitted to prac-
tice.
The Chief Justice announced that the Court has convened in
Special Term in order that certain applications might be presented
to it and argument be heard in respect thereto.
The Chief Justice also announced that Mr. Justice Douglas, who
is on his way to Washington from the west, had not yet been able
to arrive, but that he will be vouched in and will participate in
the decision of the Court in the matter to be presented to it today.
In response to the inquiry of the Chief Justice, the Attorney
General stated to the Court that the Chief Justice's son, Major
Lauson H. Stone, an officer in the United States Army, assisted
defense counsel, under orders, in the presentation before the Mili-
tary Commission of the case, in relation to which the Special Term
of the Court had been called, but that he in no way had connection
with the proceeding before this Court and, therefore, counsel for
all parties join in urging the Chief Justice to participate in the
consideration and decision of the case. Colonel Kenneth C. Royall,
of counsel for the petitioners, concurred in the statement and re-
quest of the Attorney General.
No. original. Ex parte Richard Quirin, petitioner ;
,
No. original. Ex parte Herbert Hans Haupt, petitioner;
-
,
No. original. Ex parte Edward John Kerling, petitioner.
No., original. Ex parte Ernest Peter Burger, petitioner;
No. -, original. Ex parte Heinrich Harm Heinck, petitioner;
original. Ex parte Werner Thiel, petioner; and
No.
-
No.
-
original. Ex parte Herman Otto Neubauer, petitioner.
The motion for leave to enlarge the record in accordance with the
stipulation of counsel is granted.
475966-42-1

WEDNESDAY, JULY 29, 1942
2
The motion for an order directing the Clerk of this Court to
impound certain portions of the record and to hold the same for the
exclusive use of the Justices of this Court is granted.
Motions for leave to file petitions for writs of habeas corpus sub-
mitted and argument in support of the motions commenced by Colonel
Kenneth C. Royall for the petitioners, continued by Mr. Attorney
General Biddle for the respondent in opposition thereto, by Colonel
Kenneth C. Royall for the petitioners in support thereof and by Mr.
Attorney General Biddle for the respondent in opposition thereto.
Adjourned until tomorrow at 12 o'clock.

THURSDAY, JULY 30, 1942
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
3
Present: The Chief Justice, Mr. Justice Roberts, Mr. Justice Black,
Mr. Justice Reed, Mr. Justice Frankfurter, Mr. Justice Douglas, Mr.
Justice Byrnes, and Mr. Justice Jackson.
No., original. Ex parte Richard Quirin, petitioner ;
No., original. Ex parte Hans Haupt, petitioner ;
No., original. Ex parte John Kerling, petitioner;
No. -, original. Ex parte Peter Burger, petitioner;
No., original. Ex parte Heinrich Harm Heinck, petitioner;
No. -, original. Ex parte Werner Thiel, petitioner; and
No., original. Ex parte Herman Otto Neubauer, petitioner.
Argument on the motions for leave to file petitions for writs of habeas
corpus continued by Mr. Attorney General Biddle for the respondent
in opposition to the motions and concluded by Colonel Kenneth C.
Royall for the petitioners in support thereof.
Adjourned until tomorrow at 12 o'clock.
475966-42——2

FRIDAY, JULY 31, 1942
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
4
Present: The Chief Justice, Mr. Justice Roberts, Mr. Justice
Black, Mr. Justice Reed, Mr. Justice Frankfurter, Mr. Justice Doug-
las, Mr. Justice Byrnes, and Mr. Justice Jackson.
The Chief Justice announced the following orders of the Court:
No., original. Ex parte Richard Quirin, petitioner;
No., original. Ex parte Herbert Hans Haupt, petitioner;
No., original. Ex parte Edward John Kerling, petitioner;
No., original. Ex parte Ernest Peter Burger, petitioner;
No., original. Ex parte Heinrich Harm Heinck, petitioner;
No. -, original. Ex parte Werner Thiel, petitioner; and
No., original. Ex parte Herman Otto Neubaurer, petitioner.
On motions for leave to file petitions for writs of habeas corpus; and
No. 1. The United States of America ex rel. Richard Quirin, peti-
tioner, v. Brig. Gen. Albert L. Cox, U. S. A., Provost Marshal of the
Military District of Washington;
No. 2. The United States of America ex rel. Herbert Hans Haupt,
petitioner, v. Brig. Gen. Albert L. Cox, U. S. A., Provost Marshal
of the Military District of Washington;
No. 3. The United States of America ex rel. Edward John Kerling,
petitioner, v. Brig. Gen. Albert L. Cox, U. S. A., Provost Marshal of
the Military District of Washington;
No. 4. The United States of America ex rel. Ernest Peter Burger,
petitioner, v. Brig. Gen. Albert L. Cox, U. S. A., Provost Marshal
of the Military District of Washington;
No. 5. The United States of America ex rel. Heinrich Harm Heinck,
petitioner, v. Brig. Gen. Albert L. Cox, U. S. A., Provost Marshal of
the Military District of Washington;
No. 6. The United States of America ex rel. Werner Thiel, peti-
tioner, v. Brig. Gen. Albert L. Cox, U. S. A., Provost Marshal of the
Military District of Washington; and
No. 7. The United States of America ex rel. Herman Otto Neu-
bauer, petitioner, v. Brig. Gen. Albert L. Cox, U. S. A., Provost
Marshal of the Military District of Washington. On petitions for
writs of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the Dis-
trict of Columbia.
Per curiam: In these causes motions for leave to file petitions for
habeas corpus were presented to the United States District Court for
475966-42-3

FRIDAY, JULY 31,
1942
10
5
the District of Columbia, which entered orders denying the motions.
Motions for leave to file petitions for habeas corpus were then pre-
sented to this Court, and the merits of the applications were fully
argued at the Special Term of Court convened on July 29, 1942.
Counsel for petitioners subsequently filed a notice of appeal from the
order of the District Court to the United States Court of Appeals for
the District of Columbia, and they have perfected their appeals to
that court. They have presented to this Court petitions for writs of
certiorari before judgment of the United States Court of Appeals
for the District of Columbia, pursuant to 28 U. S. C. sec. 347 (a). The
petitions are granted. In accordance with the stipulation between
counsel for petitioners and for the respondent, the papers filed and
argument had in connection with the applications for leave to file
petitions for habeas corpus are made applicable to the certiorari
proceedings.
The Court has fully considered the questions raised in these cases
and thoroughly argued at the Bar, and has reached its conclusion upon
them. It now announces its decision and enters its judgment in each
case in advance of the preparation of a full opinion which necessarily
will require a considerable period of time for its preparation and
which, when prepared, will be filed with the Clerk.
The Court holds:
(1) That the charges preferred against petitioners on which they
are being tried by military commission appointed by the order of the
President of July 2, 1942, allege an offense or offenses which the Presi-
dent is authorized to order tried before a military commission.
(2) That the military commission was lawfully constituted;
(3) That petitioners are held in lawful custody, for trial before the
military commission and have not shown cause for being discharged
by writ of habeas corpus.
The motions for leave to file petitions for writs of habeas corpus are
denied.
The orders of the District Court are affirmed. The mandates are
directed to issue forthwith.
Mr. Justice Murphy took no part in the consideration or decision of
these cases.
No. 1202, October Term, 1941. John A. Kramer, appellant, v.
Richard Sheehy, as Warden of the State Prison of the State of Nevada.
The petition for rehearing is denied. The order of stay heretofore
entered is vacated. Mr. Justice Murphy took no part in the considera-
tion or decision of this application.

FRIDAY, JULY 31, 1942
6
Nos. 1 to 7, inclusive. The United States of America ex rel. Richard
Quirin et al., petitioners, v. Brig. Gen. Albert L. Cox, U. S. A., Pro-
vost Marshal, etc. The order of July 29, 1942, directing the Clerk to
impound the record of the proceedings before the Military Commission
in the above-entitled cases is hereby modified and the Clerk is directed
to return said record to counsel.
的
J.A.G.
Adjourned to the time and place appointed by law.

MONDAY, OCTOBER 5, 1942
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
1
Present: The Chief Justice, Mr. Justice Roberts, Mr. Justice Black,
Mr. Justice Reed, Mr. Justice Frankfurter, Mr. Justice Douglas, Mr.
Justice Murphy, and Mr. Justice Jackson.
Edgar Legare Pennington, of Miami, Fla.; M. M. Wade, of Dallas,
Tex.; William T. Welch, of Portland, Oreg.; John William Metzger, of
Denver, Colo.; Robert Owen Curran, of Los Angeles, Calif.; Allen G.
Davenport, of Los Angeles, Calif.; J. Leonard Raulston, of South
Pittsburg, Tenn.; David A. Hersh, of Detroit, Mich.; James J. Ragan,
of Atlanta, Ga.; Edward J. Jeffries, Jr., of Detroit, Mich.; Floretta
Vogel, of Mount Clemens, Mich.; James W. Harvey, of San Francisco,
Calif.; Lloyd W. Patch, of Washington, D. C.; David M. Davis, of Oak
Park, Ill.; Edward B. Hayes, of Chicago, Ill.; and Craig R. Johnson, of
Chicago, Ill.; were admitted to practice.
The Chief Justice said:
"In deep sorrow I announce the death on July 18th last of George
Sutherland, a retired Justice of this Court.
"A citizen and member of the Bar of the State of Utah, he was United
States Senator from that State from 1905 to 1917. He was in active
service as a member of this Court from his appointment in 1922 to his
retirement on January 5, 1938. As a Justice he brought to the service
of his country a well grounded knowledge of the law, a thorough under-
standing of the art of government, derived from a wide and varied
experience in public affairs, and an unswerving devotion to constitu-
tional government as the safeguard of cherished institutions and tradi-
tions of the Republic.
"His death has brought to a close a career of eminent public service,
and has severed the ties of friendship which his unfailing kindliness
and winning personality inspired in his colleagues and all those who
knew him."
The Chief Justice said:
"I announce with regret, in which my colleagues share, the resigna-
tion by Mr. Justice Byrnes of his office as an Associate Justice of this
Court.
"We are reconciled to his leaving us only by the realization that he
is moved by a sense of duty to render a needed service of public im-
portance in a time of great national emergency.
488078-42- -1

MONDAY, OCTOBER 5, 1942
2
"We wish for him all success in his new and arduous undertaking
and that he may find in it that durable satisfaction which is the true
reward for a great task greatly performed."
Mr. George Maurice Morris addressed the Court as follows:
"On behalf of the bar of the United States, I have been requested by
certain members of the bar of this Court to present for the artistic
archives of the Court a bronze bust of the late Louis D. Brandeis. The
bust is the work of Miss Eleanor Platt, a sculptor of New York City.
The bust has been set up in the library of this building. It would be
inappropriate at this time to say anything respecting the career and
virtues of the Justice so well known to your Honors and who sat with
several of you. It is my understanding that adequate eulogy respect-
ing Mr. Justice Brandeis will be presented at the memorial services
which the Court has in mind.”
The Chief Justice replied as follows:
"Mr. Morris, it is altogether fitting that on this, the first anniversary
of the death of Justice Brandeis, there should be placed in this build-
ing a permanent memorial of his life and public service.
"In accepting it we are happy in the recognition that the bust
which you present is something more than a mere record of his
countenance. For it is a work of art in which the hand of the artist
has revealed the spiritual beauty and intellectual distinction which
were characteristic of the man.
"It will be placed in the Supreme Court Library. There it will
stand for generations to come, a daily reminder to his surviving col-
leagues and to his successors on this Bench, to the members of the Bar,
and to students of the law, of all those qualities of mind and heart
which made Justice Brandeis a great law giver and an inspiring
leader in the thought of men."
ORDER
It is ordered by the Court that the accompanying correspondence
between members of the Court and Mr. Justice Byrnes be this day
spread upon the Minutes and that it also be printed in the reports
of the Court.
L
OCTOBER 4, 1942.
DEAR JUSTICE BYRNES:
We learn of your resignation with a deep sense of the loss which it
brings to the Court and to all of us personally.

MONDAY, OCTOBER 5, 1942
3
In the all too brief period of our association since your appointment
to the Court we have come to value highly your contribution to its de-
liberations, drawn from the wide knowledge of affairs which you have
gained in the course of a long and eminent public service. We cherish
the happy personal relationship which that association has established.
All of us part with you reluctantly and with regret. We are reconciled
to your going only by the realization that you are moved by a sense
of duty to render a needed service of public importance in a time of
great national emergency.
We wish you all success in this new and arduous undertaking, and
that you may find in it that durable satisfaction which is the true
reward for a great task greatly performed.
Faithfully yours,
HARLAN F. STONE.
OWEN J. ROBERTS.
HUGO L. BLACK.
STANLEY REED.
FELIX FRANKFURTER,
WILLIAM O. DOUGLAS.
FRANK MUrphy.
ROBERT H. JACKSON.
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Washington, D. C.
Chambers of
Justice JAMES F. BYRNES
OCTOBER 5, 1942.
MY DEAR BRETHREN:
I shall always treasure your generous words of esteem and affection.
You are correct. Only a sense of duty impelled me to resign from
the Court. My association with you has been enjoyable and inspiring
and I leave with great respect and genuine affection for each of you.
The cordial expressions of your letter make me happy; they encourage
me to hope that I may still continue to enjoy your companionship.
Sincerely yours,
THE CHIEF JUSTICE,
MR. JUSTICE ROBERTS,
MR. JUSTICE BLACK,
MR. JUSTICE REED,
MR. JUSTICE FRANKFURTER,
JAMES F. BYRNES.
MR. JUSTICE DOUGLAS,
MR. JUSTICE MURPHY,
MR. JUSTICE JACKSON.

MONDAY, OCTOBER 5, 1942
4
No. 58. B. B. Guy, Jr., petitioner, v. Missouri Pacific Railroad
Company and Guy A. Thompson, Trustee of Missouri Pacific Railroad
Company, Debtor. On writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of
Arkansas. Dismissed on motion of counsel for the petitioner.
Adjourned until Monday next at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Monday, October 12th, will be as follows: Nos.
10 original, 4 (and 5), 46, 59, 7 (8, 20, 33, and 61), 11 (12, 13, 14,
15, 16, 17, 18, 19, and 32), 9, 21, 23, and 24.
Х

MONDAY, OCTOBER 12, 1942
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
50
Present: The Chief Justice, Mr. Justice Roberts, Mr. Justice Black,
Mr. Justice Reed, Mr. Justice Frankfurter, Mr. Justice Douglas,
Mr. Justice Murphy, and Mr. Justice Jackson.
Marvin B. Simpson, Jr., of Fort Worth, Tex.; Charles H. Baker, of
Jackson, Mich.; Truman A. Herron, of Cincinnati, Ohio; J. G. Moser,
of Los Angeles, Calif.; Irvin Schlesinger, of Des Moines, Iowa; Bar-
nett Sumski, of San Francisco, Calif.; Charles A. Lethert, of Saint
Paul, Minn.; Franklin Haywood Berry, of Toms River, N. J.; Frances
C. Burger, of Schenectady, N. Y.; George B. Porter, of Washington,
D. C.; Chalmers E. Lones, Jr., of Washington, D. C.; James H. Ross,
of Oklahoma City, Okla.; Fred B. Trescher, of Greensburg, Pa.; and
Jno. H. Clinton, of Washington, D. C., were admitted to practice.
The Chief Justice announced the following orders of the Court:
No. 140. Eugene W. Osment, petitioner, v. Norman B. Pitcairn and
Frank C. Nicodemus, Jr., Receivers, etc. On petition for writ of cer-
tiorari to the Supreme Court of Missouri. Per curiam: The last
clause of section 4 of the 1890 amendments to Article VI of the Mis-
souri constitution provides that "when a division [of the Supreme
Court of Missouri] in which a cause is pending shall so order, the
cause shall be transferred to the court for its decision." In Scheufler
v. Manufacturing Lumbermen's Underwriters, decided July 7, 1942,
the Supreme Court of Missouri stated that under this clause "either
division, on application or its own motion and for reasons deemed
sufficient though not enumerated in the section, may order a cause
transferred to the court en banc." 163 S. W. 2d 749, 750. In this
case petitioner made no application to transfer the cause from Divi-
sion Two, where it was heard and decided, to the court en banc. As
it does not appear that petitioner has exhausted the appellate review
provided by state law, the petition for certiorari must be denied for
want of jurisdiction. Gorman v. Washington University, 316 U. S.
98, and cases cited.
No. 113. The Davidson Transfer and Storage Company and W. T.
Cowan, Incorporated, appellants, v. The United States of America et
al. Appeal from the District Court of the United States for the
Eastern District of Pennsylvania. Per curiam: The judgment is af-
firmed.
488078-42-2

MONDAY, OCTOBER 12, 1942
6
No. 128. Mike Gurney, Steve Rudek, and John M. Drew, appel-
lants, v. J. R. Ferguson, H. L. Conley, et al. Appeal from the Su-
preme Court of Oklahoma. Per curiam: The appeal is dismissed for
want of jurisdiction. Section 237 (a), Judicial Code, as amended, 28
U. S. C., sec. 344 (a). Treating the papers whereon the appeal was
allowed as a petition for writ of certiorari as required by Section 237
(c) of the Judicial Code as amended, 28 U. S. C., sec. 344 (c), certi-
orari is denied.
No. 129. Tennessee Oil Company, appellant, v. George F. Mc-
Canless, Commissioner of Finance and Taxation of the State of Ten-
nessee. Appeal from the Supreme Court of Tennessee. Per curiam:
The motion to dismiss is granted and the appeal is dismissed for want
of a properly presented federal question. Fullerton v. Texas, 195
U. S. 192; Rooker v. Fidelity Trust Co., 261 U. S. 114.
No. 160. Cheltenham & Abington Sewerage Company, appellant,
v. Pennsylvania Public Utility Commission et al. Appeal from the
Supreme Court of Pennsylvania; and
No. 169. Pennsylvania Public Utility Commission, petitioner, v.
Cheltenham & Abington Sewerage Company. On petition for writ of
certiorari to the Supreme Court of Pennsylvania. Per curiam: In
No. 160 the appeal is dismissed, and in No. 169 the petition for writ
of certiorari is denied for want of a final judgment. Grays Harbor
Logging Co. v. Coats-Fordney Co., 243 U. S. 251; Wick v. Superior
Court, 278 U. S. 575.
No. 174. George Peak, appellant, v. The People of the State of
California. Appeal from the Superior Court of California. Per
curiam: The motion to dismiss is granted and the appeal is dismissed
for want of jurisdiction. Section 237 (a), Judicial Code, as amended,
28 U. S. C., sec. 344 (a). The petition for writ of certiorari is denied.
The motion for leave to proceed further in forma pauperis is denied.
No. 192. Toye Bros. Yellow Cab Co., appellant, v. Cooperative Cab
Co., Inc., et al. Appeal from the Supreme Court of Louisiana. Per
curiam: The motion to dismiss is granted and the appeal is dismissed
for want of a properly presented federal question. Fullerton v. Texas,
196 U. S. 192; Rooker v. Fidelity Trust Co., 261 U. S. 114.
No. 238. Thelma Martin, appellant, v. City of Struthers, Ohio.
Appeal from the Supreme Court of Ohio. Per curiam: The appeal
is dismissed on the ground that the record does not show that the
federal question presented was properly preserved on appeal to the
Court of Appeals of Ohio. Hiawassee Power Co. v. Carolina-Tenn.
Co., 252 U. S. 341, 343–44.
No. 244. Antoinette Guiraudo Monks, appellant, v. Ida Nancy Lee,
and Chester D. Gunn, as Special Administrator, etc. Appeal from

MONDAY, OCTOBER 12, 1942
7
the District Court of Appeal, 4th Appellate District, State of Cali-
fornia. Per curiam: The motion to dismiss is granted and the appeal
is dismissed on the ground that it does not appear from the record.
that the appeal was applied for within the time provided by law.
Section 8 (a), Act of February 13, 1925 (43 Stat. 936, 940), 28 U. S. C.,
sec. 350.
No. 258. Ralph N. Clark, Leo A. Dorn, et al., appellants, v. Bernard
E. Doyle, as Excise Administrator, etc., et al. Appeal from the Su-
preme Court of Indiana. Per curiam: The motion to dismiss is
granted and the appeal is dismissed for want of a substantial federal
question. (1) Gorin v. United States, 312 U. S. 19, 27; (2) Eberle v.
Michigan, 232 U. S. 700, 706.
No. 280. General Motors Acceptance Corporation et al., appellants,
v. Sam Holbert as County Assessor of Canadian County, State of
Oklahoma. Appeal from the Supreme Court of Oklahoma. Per
curiam: The appeal is dismissed for want of a substantial federal
question. Columbus Southern Railway v. Wright, 151 U. S. 470,
478-83; General American Tank Car Corporation v. Day, 270 U. S.
367, 372. The Chief Justice took no part in the consideration or
decision of this case.
No. 317. The Morris Plan Industrial Bank of New York, appellant,
v. Mark Graves et al., as and Constituting the State Tax Commis-
sion of the State of New York. Appeal from the Supreme Court
of New York. Per curiam: The motion to dismiss is granted and
the appeal is dismissed for want of a substantial federal question.
First National Bank v. Louisiana Tax Commission, 289 U. S. 60,
62-64. The Chief Justice took no part in the consideration or de-
cision of this case.
No. 359. C. I. T. Corporation et al., appellants, v. A. H. Stone,
Chairman, State Tax Commission, et al.;
No. 360. Universal Credit Company et al., appellants, v. A. H.
Stone, State Tax Commission, et al.; and
No. 361. Yellow Manufacturing Acceptance Corporation et al.,
appellants, v. A. H. Stone, Chairman, State Tax Commission, et al.
Appeals from the Supreme Court of Mississippi. Per curiam: The
motions to affirm are granted and the judgments are affirmed. Wis-
consin v. J. C. Penney Co., 311 U. S. 435, 443–445; Bristol v. Wash-
ington County, 177 U. S. 133; Savings and Loan Society v. Mult-
nomah County, 169 U. S. 421; Curry v. McCanless, 307 U. S. 357,
365-68.
The Chief Justice said:
"The other orders of the Court appear upon the list certified by the
Chief Justice and filed with the Clerk and will not be announced
orally."

MONDAY, OCTOBER 12, 1942
8
No. 175. The Interstate Commerce Commission et al., appellants,
v. Inland Waterways Corporation et al.;
No. 218. Terminal Railroad Association of St. Louis, appellant, v.
Brotherhood of Railroad Trainmen et al.;
No. 288. Agricultural Prorate Commission of the State of Cali-
fornia et al., appellants, v. Mutual Orange Distributors, a corpora-
tion, et al.;
No. 358. Hoopeston Canning Co., E. Pritchard, Inc., et al., appel-
lants, v. Louis H. Pink, Superintendent of Insurance of the State of
New York, et al.; and
No. 385. Natural Milk Producers Association of California, a
corporation, et al., appellants, v. The City and County of San Fran-
cisco et al. In these cases probable jurisdiction is noted.
No. 178. Illinois Commerce Commission, John D. Biggs, et al., ap-
pellants, v. Charles M. Thomson, as Trustee, etc. In this case probable
jurisdiction is noted and the case is assigned for argument immediately
following No. 175.
No. 245. Ziffrin, Incorporated, appellant, v. The United States of
America and Interstate Commerce Commission; and
No. 248. The United States of America, appellant, v. William F.
Monia and L. Aubrey Williams. In these cases probable jurisdiction
is noted and the cases are transferred to the summary docket.
No. 275. Pacific Coast Dairy, Inc.. appellant, v. Department of
Agriculture of the State of California et al. Further consideration
of the question of the jurisdiction of this Court in this case is post-
poned to the hearing of the case on the merits. Counsel are re-
quested in their briefs and on the argument to discuss whether the
judgment sought to be reviewed is final within section 237 of the
Judicial Code. Compare Grays Harbor Logging Co. v. Coats-Ford-
ney Co., 243 U. S. 251, and Wick v. Superior Court, 278 U. S. 575,
with Bandini Co. v. Superior Court, 284 U. S. 8.
The Solicitor General is invited to submit a brief in this case, and
if he so desires to participate in the oral argument.
No., original. Ex parte Eugene Weil, petitioner. The motion
for leave to proceed in forma pauperis is granted. A rule is ordered
to issue, returnable October 22 next, requiring the respondent to show
cause why leave to file the petition for writ of habeas corpus should
not be granted. The case is assigned for argument on Monday,
November 9, next.
The motion to appoint A. F. House, Esquire, of Little Rock, Arkan-
sas, a member of the Bar of this Court, as counsel for the petitioner
is granted.
Counsel are requested in the argument and briefs to discuss the
jurisdiction of this Court, particularly in view of the Judiciary Act
of 1925, to issue a writ of habeas corpus in this case.

MONDAY, OCTOBER 12, 1942
9
No., original. Ex parte Elmer E. Davis, petitioner. Per
curiam: It appears that petitioner has an application for a writ of
error coram nobis pending in the Circuit Court of Vigo County, Indi-
ana. He alleges that that court has not taken any action upon his
application. It does not appear that petitioner has exhausted his
remedies in the state courts to obtain a determination, which would
be a reviewable judgment. The motion for leave to file a petition for
writ of habeas corpus is therefore denied without prejudice.
No., original. Ex parte John Botwinski, petitioner;
No.-
No.
No.
No.
No.
-
-
'
,
original. Ex parte Joe Cephus Gray, petitioner;
original. Ex parte Joseph Bematre, petitioner;
original. Ex parte Charles E. Phillips, petitioner ;
original. Ex parte Alfred Maurice, petitioner;
original. Ex parte Donald Flowers, petitioner; and
No., original. Ex parte Albert Smith, petitioner. The motions
for leave to file petitions for writs of habeas corpus are denied.
-
No. Ex parte James R. Allen, petitioner. Application denied.
No. 5. The United States of America, petitioner, v. Jack Sommers
et al. The motion to withdraw the appearance of John Elliott Byrne
as counsel for the respondents is granted.
No. 45. Sola Electric Company, petitioner, v. Jefferson Electric
Company. The motion for leave to file brief of France Manufactur-
ing Company as amicus curiae and for leave to participate in oral
argument is denied.
No. 332, October Term, 1941. The Williams Manufacturing Com-
pany, petitioner, v. United Shoe Machinery Corporation. The motion
to withdraw the petition for rehearing is granted.
No. 284. H. T. Overstreet et al., petitioners, v. North Shore Cor-
poration. The motion for leave to proceed in forma pauperis is
granted. The petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of
Appeals for the Fifth Circuit is also granted.
No. 325. Jerome Parker Jerome, petitioner, v. The United States
of America; and
No. 326. Jerome Parker Jerome, petitioner, v. The United States
of America. On petition for writs of certiorari to the Circuit Court
of Appeals for the Second Circuit. The motion for leave to proceed
in forma pauperis is granted. The petition for writ of certiorari in
No. 325 is also granted. The Court directs that the expense of print-
ing the record be paid by the United States, pursuant to 28 U. S. C.,
sec. 832. In No. 326, the petition for writ of certiorari is denied.
No. 115. Carlota Benitez Sampayo, petitioner, v. The Bank of Nova
Scotia. The motion for leave to proceed in forma pauperis is granted.
The petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of Appeals

MONDAY, OCTOBER 12, 1942
10
for the First Circuit is denied. The Chief Justice took no part in
the consideration or decision of these applications.
No. 221. Gordon A. Gantz, petitioner, v. The United States of
America. The motion for leave to proceed in forma pauperis is
granted. The petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of
Appeals for the Eighth Circuit is denied. Mr. Justice Douglas took
no part in the consideration or decision of these applications.
No. 311. Forest G. Wood, petitioner, v. State of Indiana. The
motion for leave to proceed in forma pauperis is granted. The peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of Randolph County,
State of Indiana, is denied for the reason that it does not appear from
the papers submitted that petitioner has exhausted state remedies by
appealing to the highest court of the state the judgment sought to be
reviewed.
No. 323. The People of the State of New York, ex rel. Martin
Prisament, petitioner, v. Joseph H. Brophy, as Warden of Auburn
Prison, Auburn, New York. The motion for leave to proceed in
forma pauperis is granted. The petition for writ of certiorari to the
County Court of Cayuga County, State of New York, is denied. The
application for certiorari to the District Court of the United States
for the Middle District of Georgia is also denied.
No. 125. Wilbur Coates, petitioner, v. Patrick J. Brady, Warden
of the Maryland Penitentiary. On petition for writ of certiorari
to the Court of Appeals of Maryland;
No. 139. John Yanis, petitioner, v. Herbert A. Smith, Warden,
Eastern State Penitentiary. On petition for writ of certiorari to the
Supreme Court of Pennsylvania;
No. 149. Lewis Wilcoxon, petitioner, v. J. M. Mount, Sheriff
(Successor to J. C. Aldredge, sheriff). On petition for writ of cer-
tiorari to the Supreme Court of Georgia;
No. 150. William Roy Miller, petitioner, v. The United States of
America. On petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of
Appeals for the Fifth Circuit;
No. 151. Hilliard Sanders and William Leo Keefe, petitioners, v.
The United States of America. On petition for writ of certiorari to
the Circuit Court of Appeals for the Fourth Circuit;
No. 155. Thomas Fatone, petitioner, v. The United States of
America. On petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of
Appeals for the Second Circuit;
No. 158. James E. Howell, petitioner, v. Milton F. Amrine, Warden,
Kansas State Prison, et al. On petition for writ of certiorari to the
Supreme Court of Kansas;
No. 164. James S. Wright, petitioner, v. The Union Central Life
Insurance Co. On petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit
Court of Appeals for the Seventh Circuit;

MONDAY, OCTOBER 12, 1942
11
No. 165. Willis Bullock, petitioner, v. Thomas M. Rives, Superin-
tendent, Washington Asylum and Jail. On petition for writ of
certiorari to the Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia;
No. 166. Royce R. Brown and Tom C. Moffitt, petitioners, v. James
A. Johnston, Warden, United States Penitentiary, Alcatraz, Cali-
fornia. On petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of
Appeals for the Ninth Circuit ;
No. 168. Milton J. Levine, petitioner, v. Robert H. Hudspeth,
Warden, United States Penitentiary, Leavenworth, Kansas. On
petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of Appeals for
the Tenth Circuit;
No. 188. Claud Nivens, petitioner, v. Robert H. Hudspeth, Warden,
United States Penitentiary, Leavenworth, Kansas. On petition for
writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of Appeals for the Tenth
Circuit;
No. 197. Leslie Williams and Joe Bennett, petitioners, v. Joseph
O'Grady, Warden of the Nebraska State Penitentiary, etc. On peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Nebraska;
No. 204. Thomas Countee, petitioner, v. The United States of
America. On petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court
of Appeals for the Seventh Circuit;
No. 205. Wm. H. Johnston, petitioner, v. Wm. A. Marshall, Deputy
Commissioner, etc., et al. On petition for writ of certiorari to the
Circuit Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit;
No. 208. Edmond L. Viles, petitioner, v. The United States. On
petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Claims;
No. 209. Herbert Buxton, petitioner, v. Milton F. Amrine, Warden,
Kansas State Prison. On petition for writ of certiorari to the
Supreme Court of Kansas;
No. 215. John Henry Moore, petitioner, v. The United States of
America. On petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court
of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit ;
No. 225. William P. Hudson, petitioner, v. Rice M. Youell, Super-
intendent of the Virginia State Penitentiary. On petition for writ
of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Appeals of Virginia ;
No. 226. Corinne C. Waterman, petitioner, v. Colonel Somervell,
Adrey McMahon, individually, etc., et al. On petition for writ of
certiorari to the Circuit Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit;
No. 237. Howard Neal, petitioner, v. The State of New York. On
petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of New York;
No. 242. James Anderson, petitioner, v. Alfred F. Dowd, as
Warden of the Indiana State Prison. On petition for writ of cer-
tiorari to the Supreme Court of Indiana;
-

MONDAY, OCTOBER 12, 1942
12
No. 247. Cecil T. Garrison and James Perkins, petitioners, v. Milton
F. Amrine, Warden, Kansas State Prison, et al. On petition for
writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Kansas;
No. 255. S. V. Quick, petitioner, v. State of Mississippi. On peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Mississippi;
No. 257. Wilbert Weathers, petitioner, v. The State of Kansas et al.
On petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Kansas;
No. 272. Dewey Gilmore, petitioner, v. The United States of
America. On petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of
Appeals for the Tenth Circuit;
No. 283. Max Weiner and Stephen G. Zvon, petitioners, v. Common-
wealth of Pennsylvania. On petition for writ of certiorari to the
Superior Court of Pennsylvania;
No. 289. Ruth E. Derr, petitioner, v. Floyd Derr. On petition for
writ of certiorari to the Superior Court of Pennsylvania;
No. 295. Charles E. Schramm, petitioner, v. Patrick J. Brady,
Warden of the Maryland Penitentiary. On petition for writ of cer-
tiorari to the Circuit Court of Appeals for the Fourth Circuit;
No. 298. Bernard M. Shotkin and Henlen Shotkin, his wife, peti-
tioners, v. Board of Pensions of the Presbyterian Church of the
United States of America. On petition for writ of certiorari to the
Supreme Court of Pennsylvania;
No. 307. Ida M. Picking and Guy W. Picking, petitioners, v. The
People of the State of New York. On petition for writ of certiorari
to the Court of Appeals of New York;
No. 313. Henry Igram Adams and John Milton Adams, petitioners,
v. The United States of America. On petition for writ of certiorari
to the Circuit Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit;
No. 316. Lillian Brown, petitioner, v. Capital Transit Company, a
corporation. On petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Ap-
peals for the District of Columbia;
No. 324. Richard Smith, petitioner, v. R. H. Lawrence, Warden,
Georgia State Prison. On petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit
Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit;
No. 338. State of Louisiana, ex rel. Hugh Pierre, petitioner, v.
Hon. Sam Houston Jones, Governor of Louisiana. On petition for
writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Louisiana;
No. 342. Roslyn Wells Addison, petitioner, v. William Marlborough
Addison. On petition for writ of certiorari to the Superior Court of
Pennsylvania;
No. 352. Walter A. Leimer, petitioner, v. John F. Cook, Judge of
the Circuit Court of Kansas City, etc. On petition for writ of cer-
tiorari to the Circuit Court of Jackson County, State of Missouri; and
No. 381. Edmond L. Viles, petitioner, v. J. Foster Symes, Ivor O.
Wingren, et al. On petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit

MONDAY, OCTOBER 12, 1942
13
Court of Appeals for the Tenth Circuit. The motions for leave to
proceed in forma pauperis are granted. The petitions for writs of
certiorari are denied.
No. 80. The Choctaw Nation of Indians, petitioner, v. The United
States and The Chickasaw Nation of Indians. Petition for writ of
certiorari to the Court of Claims granted.
No. 93. Wm. A. Marshall, Deputy Commissioner, etc., et al., peti-
tioners, v. G. Pletz. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit
Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit granted.
No. 142. Endicott Johnson Corporation et al., petitioners, v.
Frances Perkins, Secretary of Labor of the United States. Petition
for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of Appeals for the Second
Circuit granted.
No. 156. The Detroit Bank, formerly The Detroit Savings Bank,
etc., petitioner, v. The United States of America; and
No. 214. State of Michigan et al., petitioners, v. The United States
of America. Petitions for writs of certiorari to the Circuit Court of
Appeals for the Sixth Circuit granted.
No. 171. The United States of America, petitioner, v. Oklahoma
Gas & Electric Company. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Cir-
cuit Court of Appeals for the Tenth Circuit granted.
No. 172. Minnie Reese Richardson Wragg, petitioner, v. Federal
Land Bank of New Orleans. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
Circuit Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit granted.
No. 183. Thomas J. Pendergast, petitioner, v. The United States of
America;
No. 186. Robert Emmet O'Malley, petitioner, v. The United States
of America; and
No. 187. A. L. McCormack, petitioner, v. The United States of
America. Petitions for writs of certiorari to the Circuit Court of
Appeals for the Eighth Circuit granted.
No. 234. G. F. Albin, petitioner, v. Cowing Pressure Relieving
Joint Company, etc., et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Cir-
cuit Court of Appeals for the Seventh Circuit granted.
No. 246. Charles Coryell et al., petitioners, v. John S. Phipps and
George J. Pilkington. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit
Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit granted.
No. 254. Securities and Exchange Commission, petitioner, v.
Chenery Corporation et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia granted.
488078-42-3

MONDAY, OCTOBER 12, 1942
14
No. 265. Clyde-Mallory Lines, petitioner, v. Steamship "Eglantine"
and the United States of America. Petition for writ of certiorari
to the Circuit Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit granted.
No. 268. Sterling P. Harris, Administrator, etc., petitioner, v. Zion
Savings Bank and Trust Company. Petition for writ of certiorari
to the Circuit Court of Appeals for the Tenth Circuit granted.
No. 269. Margaret M. Brady, as Administratrix, etc., petitioner, v.
Roosevelt Steamship Company, Inc. Petition for writ of certiorari
to the Circuit Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit granted.
No. 273. Enoch L. Johnson, petitioner, v. The United States of
America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of
Appeals for the Third Circuit granted.
No. 278. Murray R. Spies, petitioner, v. The United States of
America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of
Appeals for the Second Circuit granted.
No. 296. Hattie Mae Tiller, Executor, etc., petitioner, v. Atlantic
Coast Line Railroad Company. Petition for writ of certiorari to
the Circuit Court of Appeals for the Fourth Circuit granted.
No. 299. Jersey Central Power & Light Company, petitioner, v.
Federal Power Commission; and
No. 329. New Jersey Power & Light Company, petitioner, v. Fed-
eral Power Commission. Petitions for writs of certiorari to the Circuit
Court of Appeals for the Third Circuit granted.
No. 300. Howard S. Palmer et al., as Trustees, etc., petitioners, v.
Howard F. Hoffman, individually, etc. Petition for writ of cer-
tiorari to the Circuit Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit
granted.
No. 320. Daniel O'Donnell, petitioner, v. Great Lakes Dredge and
Dock Company. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court
of Appeals for the Seventh Circuit granted.
No. 327. Fred Fisher Music Co., Inc., and George Graff, Jr., peti-
tioners, v. M. Witmark & Sons. Petition for writ of certiorari to
the Circuit Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit granted.
No. 332. Le Roy J. Leishman, petitioner, v. Associated Wholesale
Electric Company, a Corporation. Petition for writ of certiorari
to the Circuit Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit granted.
No. 103. Carter H. Harrison, Individually, etc., petitioner, v. The
Northern Trust Company et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to
the Circuit Court of Appeals for the Seventh Circuit granted and
case transferred to the summary docket.
No. 124. Norvel H. Lilly, petitioner, v. Grand Trunk Western Rail-
road Company. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Appellate

MONDAY, OCTOBER 12, 1942
15
Court, First District, State of Illinois granted and case transferred
to the summary docket.
No. 303. Guy T. Helvering, Commissioner of Internal Revenue,
petitioner, v. American Dental Co. Petition for writ of certiorari
to the Circuit Court of Appeals for the Seventh Circuit granted and
case transferred to the summary docket.
No. 184. Henry A. Kieselbach et al., petitioners, v. Commissioner
of Internal Revenue. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit
Court of Appeals for the Third Circuit granted limited to the first
question presented by the petition and case transferred to the sum-
mary docket.
No. 201. American Medical Association, a corporation, petitioner,
v. The United States of America; and
No. 202. The Medical Society of the District of Columbia, a cor-
poration, petitioner, v. The United States of America. Petition for
writs of certiorari to the Court of Appeals for the District of
Columbia granted limited to the first three questions presented by
the petition.
No. 173. The United States of America, ex rel. Morris L. Marcus
and Morris L. Marcus, in his own behalf, petitioners, v. William F.
Hess et al. On petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of
Appeals for the Third Circuit; and
No. 236. The United States of America, on relation of Samuel
Ostrager and Samuel Ostrager, in his own behalf, petitioners, v. New
Orleans Chapter, Associated General Contractors of America, Inc.,
et al. On petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of Ap-
peals for the Fifth Circuit. Petitions for writs of certiorari granted
and case No. 236 assigned for argument immediately following No.
173. In these cases the Solicitor General is requested to file a brief
and, if he so desires, to participate in the oral argument.
No. 319. Fidelity Assurance Association, a corporation, Debtor,
et al., petitioners, v. Edgar B. Sims, Auditor of the State of West
Virginia, etc., et al. The motion to consider the petition for certiorari
upon the appendices to the briefs filed in the Circuit Court of Appeals
is granted. The petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court
of Appeals for the Fourth Circuit is also granted.
No. 104. Hamlet Ice Company, Incorporated, petitioner, v. Philip
B. Fleming, Administrator, etc. L. Metcalfe Walling, present Ad-
ministrator of the Wage and Hour Division, U. S. Department of
Labor, substituted as the party respondent herein in the place and
stead of Philip B. Fleming, resigned. Petition for writ of certiorari
to the Circuit Court of Appeals for the Fourth Circuit denied.

MONDAY, OCTOBER 12, 1942
16
No. 130. Kharaiti Ram Samras, petitioner, v. The United States of
America. On petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of
Appeals for the Ninth Circuit; and
No. 267. Carleton Screw Products Company, petitioner, v. Philip
B. Fleming, Administrator, etc. On petition for writ of certiorari to
the Circuit Court of Appeals for the Eighth Circuit. The petitions
for writs of certiorari in these cases are denied for the reason that
applications therefor were not made within the time provided by law.
Section 8 (a), Act of February 13, 1925 (43 Stat. 936, 940), 28 U. S. C.,
section 350.
No. 138. Alexander C. Bocz, petitioner, v. Hudson Motor Car Com-
pany et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of
Appeals for the Sixth Circuit denied. Mr. Justice Roberts and Mr.
Justice Murphy took no part in the consideration or decision of this
application.
No. 203. Claimants for benefits under the Michigan Unemployment
Compensation Act, petitioners, v. Chrysler Corporation et al. Peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Michigan denied.
Mr. Justice Roberts and Mr. Justice Murphy took no part in the
consideration or decision of this application.
No. 270. Stuart A. Eacho, Trustee, etc., petitioner, v. Gerald D.
Stone, Trustee, etc., et al. The motion to consider the petition for
writ of certiorari upon appendices to the brief in the Circuit Court
of Appeals is granted. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit
Court of Appeals for the Fourth Circuit denied.
No. 328. Estate of W. M. L. Fiske, deceased, petitioner, v. Commis-
sioner of Internal Revenue. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
Circuit Court of Appeals for the Seventh Circuit denied. Mr. Justice
Reed took no part in the consideration or decision of this application.
No. 367. C. Lloyd Neal, petitioner, v. Lykes Bros. Ripley Steamship
Co., Inc., Claimant S. S. Dryden. The motion to proceed on the type-
written record is granted. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Cir-
cuit Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 88. Nebo Oil Company, as Trust, etc., petitioner, v. Guy T.
Helvering, Commissioner of Internal Revenue. Petition for writ of
certiorari to the Circuit Court of Appeals for the Tenth Circuit denied.
No. 90. Roden Coal Company, Inc., petitioner, v. The United States.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Claims denied.
No. 91. The Order of United Commercial Travelers of America,
petitioner, v. Nellie B. Wigginton. Petition for writ of certiorari to
the Circuit Court of Appeals for the Seventh Circuit denied.

MONDAY, OCTOBER 12, 1942
17
No. 92. Murray Humphreys, petitioner, v. Commissioner of Internal
Revenue. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of
Appeals for the Seventh Circuit denied.
No. 95. Joseph A. Piuma, petitioner, v. The United States of
America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of
Appeals for the Ninth Circuit denied.
No. 98. Blanche W. Barco, as Executrix, etc., et al., petitioners, v.
The Penn Mutual Life Insurance Company of Philadelphia. Peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of Appeals for the Fifth
Circuit denied.
No. 99. The People of the State of New York, ex rel. Bernard S.
Cogan, petitioner, v. Mary Mann. Petition for writ of certiorari to
the Court of Appeals of New York denied.
No. 100. Mifflinburg Body Company, Debtor, petitioner, v. Mifflin-
burg Bank and Trust Company. Petition for writ of certiorari to
the Circuit Court of Appeals for the Third Circuit denied.
No. 101. W. W. Clyde & Co., a Corporation, petitioner, v. Mrs. Sada
Dyess. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of
Appeals for the Tenth Circuit denied.
No. 102. Leo P. Mirsky, petitioner, v. Conlew, Inc. Petition for
writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of Appeals for the Second
Circuit denied.
No. 105. Duquesne Club, petitioner, v. Henry D. Bell, as Former
Acting Collector of Internal Revenue; and
No. 106. Duquesne Club, petitioner, v. William D. Driscoll, as
Collector of Internal Revenue. Petition for writs of certiorari to the
Circuit Court of Appeals for the Third Circuit denied.
No. 107. Mary Boyd Evans, petitioner, v. Commissioner of Internal
Revenue. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of
Appeals for the Third Circuit denied.
No. 108. Katharine Boyd Morehead, petitioner, v. Commissioner of
Internal Revenue. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit
Court of Appeals for the Third Circuit denied.
No. 109. Swastika Oil & Gas Company, petitioner, v. Commissioner
of Internal Revenue. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit
Court of Appeals for the Sixth Circuit denied.
No. 110. W. E. Richardson. Individually, etc., et al., petitioners, v.
Blue Grass Mining Co. et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
Circuit Court of Appeals for the Sixth Circuit denied.
No. 111. May Department Stores Company, petitioner, v. John
Reynolds, Jr., etc. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit
Court of Appeals for the Eighth Circuit denied.

MONDAY, OCTOBER 12, 1942
18
No. 112. Chester C. Fosgate Company, petitioner, v. The United
States of America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit
Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 114. J. T. McCarthy, Jr., doing business as Hercules Supply
Company, and G. L. Meholin, petitioners, v. H. C. Wynne and Ameri-
can Exchange Bank of Henryetta, Oklahoma. Petition for writ of
certiorari to the Circuit Court of Appeals for the Tenth Circuit
denied.
No. 116. Nieschlag & Co., Inc., petitioner, v. Atlantic Mutual In-
surance Company. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit
Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit denied.
No. 117. S. J. Summers, C. E. Gamble, et al., petitioners, v. Clare
Purcell, William T. Watkins, et al. Petition for writ of certiorari
to the Circuit Court of Appeals for the Fourth Circuit denied.
No. 118. Guy T. Helvering, Commissioner of Internal Revenue,
petitioner, v. Estate of David Davies, deceased, etc., et al. Petition
for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of Appeals for the Sixth
Circuit denied.
No. 119. Advance Transportation Company, petitioner, v. Arthur
F. Miller, Thomas G. Foster, et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to
the Circuit Court of Appeals for the Seventh Circuit denied.
No. 120. Ben Bimberg & Co., Inc., petitioner, v. Commissioner of
Internal Revenue. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court
of Appeals for the Second Circuit denied.
No. 121. Dorothy K. Knost, petitioner, v. Donald A. MacMillan.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals for the District
of Columbia denied.
No. 123. Bernard H. Daniel, petitioner, v. The United States of
America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of
Appeals for the Eighth Circuit denied.
No. 126. Musher Foundation, Inc., petitioner, v. Alba Trading Co.,
Inc. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of Appeals
for the Second Circuit denied.
No. 127. United Construction Company, petitioner, v. G. Sam
Milam and Robert M. Coleman, Jr., Trustee. Petition for writ
of certiorari to the Circuit Court of Appeals for the Sixth Circuit
denied.
No. 131. Scott F. Kittredge, petitioner, v. Frank H. Stevens et al.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of Appeals for
the First Circuit denied.
No. 133. Robert H. Cory, petitioner, v. Commissioner of Internal
Revenue. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of
Appeals for the Third Circuit denied.

MONDAY, OCTOBER 12, 1942
19
No. 135. Second Carey Trust, an Express Trust, petitioner, v. Guy
T. Helvering, Commissioner of Internal Revenue. Petition for writ
of certiorari to the Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia
denied.
No. 136. Hare Trust, an Express Trust, petitioner, v. Guy T. Helver-
ing, Commissioner of Internal Revenue. Petition for writ of cer-
tiorari to the Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia denied.
No. 137. Louis Abraham et al., Trustees, etc., petitioners, v. Hidalgo
County Water Control and Improvement District No. 1 et al. Peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of Appeals for the
Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 141. Highway Construction Company of Ohio, Inc., petitioner,
v. City of Miami, Florida. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Cir-
cuit Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 143. F. M. Maddix et al., petitioners, v. E. L. Saulsberry; and
No. 144. F. M. Maddix et al., petitioners, v. E. L. Saulsberry.
Petition for writs of certiorari to the Circuit Court of Appeals for
the Sixth Circuit denied.
No. 145. A. W. Sewell and John Sewell, petitioners, v. J. E. Crosbie,
Inc., et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of Ap-
peals for the Eighth Circuit denied.
No. 146. R. E. Crummer & Company, petitioner, v. E. H. Ware et al.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of Appeals for the
Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 147. R. E. Olds et al., petitioners, v. Town of Belleair. Peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of Appeals for the
Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 148. Carlos J. Miller, Charles Morton, et al., etc., petitioners,
v. The Louisville and Nashville Railroad Company et al. Petition for
writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Indiana denied.
No. 152. Everit B. Terhune et al., Executors, etc., petitioners, v.
William M. Welch, Collector. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
Circuit Court of Appeals for the First Circuit denied.
No. 153. Luckenbach Steamship Company, Inc., a Corporation, as
Owner, etc., petitioner, v. Societa Anonima Partecipazioni Industriali
Commerciali, a corporation, et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to
the Circuit Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit denied.
No. 154. Keystone Freight Lines, Inc., petitioner, v. Lee Way
Motor Freight, Inc., et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Cir-
cuit Court of Appeals for the Tenth Circuit denied.
No. 157. Lawrence C. Phipps, petitioner, v. Guy T. Helvering,
Commissioner of Internal Revenue. Petition for writ of certiorari
to the Circuit Court of Appeals for the Tenth Circuit denied.

MONDAY, OCTOBER 12, 1942
20
No. 159. J. R. Mason, petitioner, v. Merced Irrigation District.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of Appeals for
the Ninth Circuit denied.
No. 161. Estate of Carl Levis, deceased, et al., petitioners, v. Com-
missioner of Internal Revenue; and
No. 162. Estate of Carl Levis, deceased, et al., petitioners, v. Com-
missioner of Internal Revenue. Petition for writs of certiorari to
the Circuit Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit denied.
No. 170. Edward McGrew, petitioner, v. William P. Simmons et al.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of Appeals for
the Third Circuit denied.
No. 177. Mary E. Wenger, petitioner, v. Commissioner of Internal
Revenue. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of
Appeals for the Sixth Circuit denied.
No. 180. Southwestern Greyhound Lines, Inc., petitioner, v. A. L.
Buchanan. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of
Appeals for the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 181. Aaron Roth, petitioner, v. Local No. 1460 of Retail Clerks
Union et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court
of Indiana denied.
No. 182. O'Bryan Brothers, petitioner, v. Commissioner of Internal
Revenue. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of
Appeals for the Sixth Circuit denied.
No. 185. Frieda S. Miller, as Industrial Commissioner, etc., peti-
tioner, v. Western Perishable Carload Receivers Association of New
York, Inc. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of
New York, Appellate Division, denied.
No. 189. Frank A. Barlow, Trustee, etc., petitioner, v. W. P. Budge,
Claimant. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of
Appeals for the Eighth Circuit denied.
No. 190. Edmund Wright Ginsberg Corporation, petitioner, v. John
M. Swetnam, as Trustee, etc. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
Circuit Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit denied.
No. 191. C. C. Haraway, petitioner, v. The State of Arkansas.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Arkansas
denied.
No. 193. Phillips Buttorff Manufacturing Company, petitioner, v.
William Johnson. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme
Court of Tennessee denied.
No. 194. Roul Mateus, petitioner, v. The United States of America.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of Appeals for
the Ninth Circuit denied.

MONDAY, OCTOBER 12, 1942
21
No. 195. American Liberty Oil Company, petitioner, v. Commis-
sioner of Internal Revenue. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
Circuit Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 196. George J. Robinson, petitioner, v. City of Baton Rouge,
Louisiana. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of
Appeals for the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 198. Norman C. Schaller, petitioner, v. City of Philadelphia.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Superior Court of Pennsylvania
denied.
No. 200. Norman H. Stone, Marvin H. Stone, et al., etc., petitioners,
v. National Labor Relations Board. Petition for writ of certiorari
to the Circuit Court of Appeals for the Seventh Circuit denied.
No. 206. Series "A" Trust, an express trust, petitioner, v. Guy T.
Helvering, Commissioner of Internal Revenue. Petition for writ of
certiorari to the Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia denied.
No. 207. Lehigh Valley Railroad Company of Pennsylvania et al.,
petitioners, v. Patrick J. Dooley. Petition for writ of certiorari to
the Court of Errors and Appeals of New Jersey denied.
No. 210. Rapid Roller Co., a corporation, petitioner, v. National
Labor Relations Board. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit
Court of Appeals for the Seventh Circuit denied.
No. 211. Eastern Building Corporation, petitioner, v. The United
States; and
No. 212. Eastern Building Corporation, petitioner, v. The United
States. Petition for writs of certiorari to the Court of Claims denied.
No. 216. A. W. Stickle & Company, petitioner, v. Interstate Com-
merce Commission. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit
Court of Appeals for the Tenth Circuit denied.
No. 217. State of Ohio, ex rel. Rodney P. Lien, Superintendent of
Banks of the State of Ohio, etc., petitioner, v. Metropolitan Life In-
surance Company. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court
of Appeals for the Sixth Circuit denied.
No. 219. R. Picard, Individually, etc., et al., petitioners, v. United
Aircraft Corporation. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit
Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit denied.
No. 220. Trinity Corporation, petitioner, v. Commissioner of
Internal Revenue. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court
of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 222. Otto Rose, petitioner, v. The United States of America.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of Appeals for
the Tenth Circuit denied.
488078-42—4

MONDAY, OCTOBER 12, 1942
22
No. 223. Samuel C. Pandolfo, petitioner, v. The United States of
America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of
Appeals for the Tenth Circuit denied.
No. 224. Ella L. Wiggins, petitioner, v. Elizabeth Liggett Kennard.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Missouri
denied.
No. 227. Great Southern Trucking Company, petitioner, v. Na-
tional Labor Relations Board. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
Circuit Court of Appeals for the Fourth Circuit denied.
No. 228. B. C. Schram, Receiver, etc., petitioner, v. Joseph L. Coyne.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of Appeals for the
Sixth Circuit denied.
No. 229. Alabama Power Company, petitioner, v. Federal Power
Commission. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals
for the District of Columbia denied.
No. 230. Estate of Frank B. Anderson et al., petitioners, v. Com-
missioner of Internal Revenue. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
Circuit Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit denied.
No. 231. Hawaiian Gas Products, Limited, a corporation, peti-
tioner, v. Commissioner of Internal Revenue. Petition for writ of
certiorari to the Circuit Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit
denied.
No. 232. H. W. Kelley et al., petitioners, v. Everglades Drainage
District. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of
Appeals for the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 233. James R. Washer, Executor, etc., petitioner, v. Commis-
sioner of Internal Revenue. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
Circuit Court of Appeals for the Sixth Circuit denied.
No. 239. James A. Rheinstrom, Executor, etc., petitioner, v. Thomas
J. Connor, Collector of Internal Revenue; and
No. 240. First National Bank, Cincinnati, Ohio, Trustee, etc., peti-
tioner, v. Thomas J. Connor, Collector of Internal Revenue. Peti-
tion for writs of certiorari to the Circuit Court of Appeals for the
Sixth Circuit denied.
No. 241. Kansas City Life Insurance Company, petitioner, v. Carrie
J. Parfet, Administrator, etc. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
Circuit Court of Appeals for the Tenth Circuit denied.
No. 243. General Radio Company, petitioner, v. Allen B. DuMont
Laboratories, Inc. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit
Court of Appeals for the Third Circuit denied.
No. 249. Emma A. Ouerbacker, petitioner, v. Henderson County,
N. C., Bankrupt. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit
Court of Appeals for the Fourth Circuit denied.

MONDAY, OCTOBER 12, 1942
23
No. 251. Katz Underwear Company, petitioner, v. The United
States of America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit
Court of Appeals for the Third Circuit denied.
No. 252. National Protective Insurance Company, petitioner, v.
Commissioner of Internal Revenue. Petition for writ of certiorari
to the Circuit Court of Appeals for the Eighth Circuit denied.
No. 253. Griff Williams, petitioner, v. The United States of
America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of
Appeals for the Seventh Circuit denied.
No. 256. Wilgard Realty Company, Inc., petitioner, v. Commis-
sioner of Internal Revenue. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
Circuit Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit denied.
No. 260. William T. Mumforde, petitioner, v. The United States
of America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals
for the District of Columbia denied.
No. 261. Elizabeth Pascoe Cain, petitioner, v. Alice Coffroth Hutson
and C. Milton Hutson. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court
of Appeals for the District of Columbia denied.
No. 262. Strobel Steel Construction Company, petitioner, v. State
Highway Commissioner of the State of New Jersey;
No. 263. Strobel Steel Construction Company, petitioner, v. State
Highway Commissioner of the State of New Jersey; and
No. 264. Strobel Steel Construction Company, petitioner, v. State
Highway Commissioner of the State of New Jersey. Petition for
writs of certiorari to the Court of Errors and Appeals of the State
of New Jersey denied.
No. 266. Research Laboratories, Inc., petitioner, v. The United
States of America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit
Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit denied.
No. 271. Lawrence J. Rogge and Eugene Rogge, Copartners, etc.,
et al., petitioners, v. The United States of America. Petition for
writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit
denied.
No. 274. Logan W. Marshall and Grace M. Marshall, petitioners, v.
Commissioner of Internal Revenue. Petition for writ of certiorari
to the Circuit Court of Appeals for the Sixth Circuit denied.
No. 276. John Gonzales and John Chierotti, petitioners, v. The
People of the State of California. Petition for writ of certiorari to
the Supreme Court of California denied.
No. 277. Anthony Joseph Petrelli, petitioner, v. The United States
of America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of
Appeals for the Eighth Circuit denied.

MONDAY, OCTOBER 12, 1942
24
No. 279. Dubuque Fire & Marine Insurance Company, petitioner, v.
Reynolds Company, Inc., et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
Circuit Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 282. George W. Mason and Hazel B. Mason, his wife, peti-
tioners, v. Commissioner of Internal Revenue. Petition for writ of
certiorari to the Circuit Court of Appeals for the Sixth Circuit denied.
No. 285. Will H. Perry, also known as William H. Perry, peti-
tioner, v. Anna Baumann, Maude E. Lane, et al. Petition for writ
of certiorari to the Circuit Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit
denied.
No. 287. Aldus C. Higgins, petitioner, v. Commissioner of Internal
Revenue. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of Ap-
peals for the First Circuit denied.
No. 290. M. Edward Buckley, Jr., petitioner, v. District of
Columbia. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals
for the District of Columbia denied.
No. 291. Florence H. McSweeney, Individually, etc., petitioner, v.
The Prudential Insurance Company of America. Petition for writ
of certiorari to the Circuit Court of Appeals for the Fourth Circuit
denied.
No. 292. W. H. Neher, petitioner, v. A. E. Harwood, as Postmaster,
etc. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of Appeals
for the Ninth Circuit denied.
No. 293. Lebanon Steel Foundry, petitioner, v. National Labor
Relations Board. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of
Appeals for the District of Columbia denied.
No. 294. Myra Page Wiren, petitioner, v. Shubert Theatre Cor-
poration et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of
Appeals for the Second Circuit denied.
No. 297. Herman Frederick Willkie, petitioner, v. Commissioner of
Internal Revenue. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit
Court of Appeals for the Sixth Circuit denied.
No. 301. Charles M. Thomson, as Trustee, etc., et al., petitioners, v.
Florence G. Hicks and N. E. Catlin. Petition for writ of certiorari
to the Circuit Court of Appeals for the Seventh Circuit denied.
No. 302. Harriet J. Faber, Executrix, etc., et al., petitioners, v.
Triumph Explosives, Inc., et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to
the Circuit Court of Appeals for the Fourth Circuit denied.
No. 304. Martin Brothers Box Company, petitioner, v. National
Labor Relations Board. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Cir-
cuit Court of Appeals for the Seventh Circuit denied.

MONDAY, OCTOBER 12, 1942
25
No. 305. E. J. Thomas, J. R. McDonald, et al., petitioners, v. El
Dorado Irrigation District. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
Circuit Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit denied.
No. 306. Alfred Cookman Miner, Individually, etc., petitioner, v.
Reconstruction Finance Corporation. Petition for writ of certiorari
to the Circuit Court of Appeals for the Seventh Circuit denied.
No. 308. Scott M. Loftin and Wm. R. Kenan, Jr., as Receivers, etc.,
petitioners, v. Crowley's, Inc. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
Supreme Court of Florida denied.
No. 309. Aktiebolaget Separator, petitioner, v. Commissioner of
Internal Revenue. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit
Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit denied.
No. 310. John Len Lacy, petitioner, v. The United States of
America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of
Appeals for the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 312. De Bardeleben Coal Company, Inc., petitioner, v. Mrs.
Louis Macomber, Administratrix, etc. Petition for writ of certiorari
to the Supreme Court of Louisiana denied.
No. 315. J. S. Odland, as Receiver, etc., petitioner, v. Fairmont
Supply Company, a corporation. Petition for writ of certiorari to
the Circuit Court, Marion County, State of West Virginia, denied.
No. 318. Consolidated Distributors, Inc., petitioner, v. City of
Atlanta. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of
Georgia denied.
No. 330. Goldblatt Bros., Inc., petitioner, v. The United States of
America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of
Appeals for the Seventh Circuit denied.
No. 331. Ella G. Wood, petitioner, v. The Federal Land Bank of
Omaha, Nebraska, et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit
Court of Appeals for the Eighth Circuit denied.
No. 333. Guy A. Thompson, Trustee, etc., petitioner, v. Juanita A.
Gallien et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of
Appeals for the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 334. Quincy and Ila Mingori, petitioners, v. Lynn R. Brode-
rick, Collector of Internal Revenue, etc. Petition for writ of certiorari
to the Circuit Court of Appeals for the Tenth Circuit denied.
No. 335. Aetna Insurance Company, petitioner, v. Robert C. Jeff-
cott. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of Appeals
for the Tenth Circuit denied.
No. 339. City of New Rochelle, petitioner, v. Westchester Electric
Railroad Company et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Su-
preme Court of New York denied.

MONDAY, OCTOBER 12, 1942
26
No. 340. Doehler Metal Furniture Co., Inc., petitioner, v. Lindsay
C. Warren, Comptroller General of the United States. Petition for
writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia
denied.
No. 341. Pacific Southwest Realty Company, petitioner, v. Com-
missioner of Internal Revenue. Petition for writ of certiorari to
the Circuit Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit denied.
No. 344. Continental Distilling Corporation, petitioner, v. The
Connecticut Importing Company. Petition for writ of certiorari to
the Circuit Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit denied.
No. 345. National Hospital Service Society, Inc., petitioner, v.
Albert F. Jordan, Superintendent of Insurance, Government of the
District of Columbia. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court
of Appeals for the District of Columbia denied.
No. 347. Ernest Newton Kalb, petitioner, v. Yellow Manufacturing
Acceptance Corporation. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Cir-
cuit Court of Appeals for the Seventh Circuit denied.
No. 351. Emil Stein and William B. Stein, petitioners, v. Preston
Delano, Comptroller of the Currency et al. Petition for writ of
certiorari to the Circuit Court of Appeals for the Third Circuit
denied.
No. 356. James W. Andrews, as Trustee in Bankruptcy, etc., peti-
tioner, v. The Metropolitan Jockey Club and Walter Keenan et al.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of New York
denied.
No. 962, October Term, 1940. Martin M. Goldman, petitioner, v.
The United States of America;
No. 963, October Term, 1940. Jacob P. Shulman, petitioner, v. The
United States of America; and
No. 980, October Term, 1940. Theodore Goldman, petitioner, v.
The United States of America;
No. -, October Term, 1941. Ed Wetzel, appellant, v. W. F.
Schaefer;
No. 772, October Term, 1941. Dewey Brillhart, Administrator, etc.,
petitioner, v. The Excess Insurance Company of America;
No. 914, October Term, 1941. Edward Casebeer, petitioner, v.
Robert H. Hudspeth, Warden, etc.;
No. 1141, October Term, 1941. Otto C. Berry et al., petitioners, v.
Bohn Aluminum & Brass Corporation et al.;
No. 1157, October Term, 1941. Robert A. Helton, Administrator,
etc., petitioner, v. Charles M. Thompson, Trustee, etc.;
No. 1167, October Term, 1941. Robert Moody et al., petitioners, v.
Toole County Irrigation District;

MONDAY, OCTOBER 12, 1942
27
No. 1176, October Term, 1941. L. W. Mesta, petitioner, v. Commis-
sioner of Internal Revenue;
No. 1184, October Term, 1941. O. O. Owens, petitioner, v. Commis-
sioner of Internal Revenue;
No. 1198, October Term, 1941. J. R. Mason, petitioner, v. Ander-
son-Cottonwood Irrigation District;
No. 1201, October Term, 1941. Engineers Club of Philadelphia,
petitioner, v. The United States;
No. 1208, October Term, 1941. Andrew R. Hastings, petitioner, v.
Robert H. Hudspeth, Warden, etc.;
No. 1215, October Term, 1941. Homer C. Price, petitioner, v. Na-
tional Surety Corporation of New York;
No. 1230, October Term, 1941. Francis E. Weidhaas, petitioner, v.
Loew's Inc. et al.;
No. 1232, October Term, 1941. G. F. Howard, petitioner, v. United
States, ex rel. S. S. Alexander et al.;
No. 1237, October Term, 1941. The Concord Company, petitioner,
v. Walter R. Willcuts et al., as Executors, etc.;
No. 1248, October Term, 1941. Mrs. J. H. Hodges, petitioner, v.
Ocean Accident & Guarantee Corporation; and
No. 1284, October Term, 1941. Roydon M. Barrett, petitioner, v.
Charles W. Williamson. Petitions for rehearing denied.
No. 903, October Term, 1941. Robert L. Peyton, petitioner, v. Rail-
way Express Agency, Inc., et al. The petition for rehearing and
the motion to recall the mandate and retax costs are denied.
No. 1197, October Term, 1941. Carlota Benitez Sampayo, peti-
tioner, v. The Bank of Nova Scotia. The petition for rehearing is
denied. The Chief Justice took no part in the consideration or deci-
sion of this application.
No. 77. William H. Dunn, Jr., and Raymond Krause, appellants,
v. The State of Ohio; and
No. 122. Henry Kravitz, petitioner, v. The People of the State of
New York. Reported for failure to comply with the rules.
No. 10, original. Ex parte Kumezo Kawato, petitioner. Argued
by Mr. Lesher B. Gallagher for the respondent and case submitted
by Kumezo Kawato, pro se.
No. 4. The United States of America, petitioner, v. William R.
Johnson; and
No. 5. The United States of America, petitioner, v. Jack Sommers
et al. Reargued by Mr. Arnold Raum for the petitioner and by Mr.

MONDAY, OCTOBER 12, 1942
28
Floyd E. Thompson and Mr. William J. Dempsey for the respondent
in No. 4, and case submitted by Mr. Harold R. Schradzke for the
respondents in No. 5.
No. 46. W. B. Parker, Director of Agriculture, et al., appellants, v.
Porter L. Brown. Reargument commenced by Mr. Walter L. Bowers
for the appellants; continued by Mr. G. Levin Aynesworth for the
appellee; by Mr. Robert L. Stern for the United States, as amicus
curiae, by special leave of court; and by Mr. Walter L. Bowers for
the appellants.
Adjourned until tomorrow at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Tuesday, October 13, will be as follows: Nos. 46,
59, 7 (8, 20, 33, and 61), 11 (12, 13, 14, 15, 16, 17, 18, 19, and
32), 9, 21, 23, 24, 26 (and 27), and 28.
Х

TUESDAY, OCTOBER 13, 1942
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
29
Present: The Chief Justice, Mr. Justice Roberts, Mr. Justice
Black, Mr. Justice Reed, Mr. Justice Frankfurter, Mr. Justice
Douglas, Mr. Justice Murphy, and Mr. Justice Jackson.
Frank Settle, of Tulsa, Okla.; Carl E. Nesbitt, of Greenville, Tex.;
Benjamin Diamond, of Brooklyn, N. Y.; Beach Vasey, of Long Beach,
Calif.; William H. Gambrell, of New York City; Horace E. White-
side, of Ithaca, N. Y.; Thomas F. Boyle, of New York City; Joseph
V. Downs, of New York City; Karl Edwin Seyfarth, of Chicago, Ill.;
Benjamin Walter Heineman, of Chicago, Ill.; Frank Biegelmeier, of
Yankton, S. Dak.; Mark H. Woolsey, of New York City; C. Frank
Reavis, of New York City; Herman Cohen, of Louisville, Ky.; and
Henry J. Friendly, of New York City, were admitted to practice.
No. ―, original. Ex parte Eugene Weil, petitioner. It is ordered
that Henry J. Friendly, Esquire, of New York City, a member of the
bar of this Court, be appointed to serve as associate counsel for the
petitioner in this case.
No. 46. W. B. Parker, Director of Agriculture, et al., appellants, v.
Porter L. Brown. Reargument continued by Mr. Walter L. Bowers
for the appellants; by Mr. G. Levin Aynesworth for the appellee;
and concluded by Mr. Strother P. Walton for the appellants.
No. 59. Claude R. Wickard, Secretary of Agriculture of the United
States, et al., appellants, v. Roscoe C. Filburn. Reargued by Mr.
Solicitor General Fahy for the appellants and by Mr. Webb R. Clark
and Mr. Harry N. Routzohn for the appellee.
No. 7. Frederick H. Ecker et al., etc., petitioners, v. Western Pacific
Railroad Corporation et al.;
No. 8. Crocker First National Bank of San Francisco et al., etc.,
petitioners, v. Western Pacific Railroad Corporation et al.;
No. 20. The Western Pacific Railroad Company, petitioner, v.
Frederick H. Ecker et al.;
No. 33. Reconstruction Finance Corporation, petitioner, v. Western
Pacific Railroad Corporation et al.; and
No. 61. Irving Trust Company, as Substituted Trustee, etc., peti-
tioner, v. Crocker First National Bank of San Francisco et al., etc.
488078-42——5

TUESDAY, OCTOBER 13, 1942
30
Three and one-half hours allowed for oral argument. Argument
commenced by Mr. Robert T. Swaine for the Institutional Bondhold-
ers Committee and continued by Mr. Russell L. Snodgrass for the
Reconstruction Finance Corporation.
Adjourned until tomorrow at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Wednesday, October 14, will be as follows: Nos.
7 (8, 20, 33, and 61), 11 (12, 13, 14, 15, 16, 17, 18, 19, and 32), 9,
21, 23, 24, 26 (and 27), 28, 29, and 30.
%

WEDNESDAY, OCTOBER 14, 1942
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
31
Present The Chief Justice, Mr. Justice Roberts, Mr. Justice
Black, Mr. Justice Reed, Mr. Justice Frankfurter, Mr. Justice
Douglas, Mr. Justice Murphy, and Mr. Justice Jackson.
Samuel L. Lewis, of Dallas, Tex.; Edward J. Hess, of Chicago,
Ill.; Eph. U. Johnson, of Rawlins, Wyo.; Charles W. McConaughy,
of New York City; Eugene J. Conroy, of Newark, N. J.; John H.
Glaccum, of New York City; Albert K. Orschel, of Chicago, Ill.;
and Emmet McCaffery, of San Francisco, Calif., were admitted to
practice.
No. 216. A. W. Stickle & Company, petitioner, v. Interstate Com-
merce Commission. Order denying petition for writ of certiorari
withheld on motion of counsel for the petitioner.
No. 7. Frederick H. Ecker et al., etc., petitioners, v. Western Pacific
Railroad Corporation et al.;
No. 8. Crocker First National Bank of San Francisco et al., etc.,
petitioners, v. Western Pacific Railroad Corporation et al.;
No. 20. The Western Pacific Railroad Company, petitioner, v.
Frederick H. Ecker et al.;
No. 33. Reconstruction Finance Corporation, petitioner, v. Western
Pacific Railroad Corporation et al.; and
No. 61. Irving Trust Company, as Substituted trustee, etc., peti-
tioner, v. Crocker First National Bank of San Francisco et al., etc.
Argument continued by Mr. Russell L. Snodgrass for the Reconstruc-
tion Finance Corporation; by Mr. M. C. Sloss for Western Pacific
Railroad Corporation; by Mr. Robert E. Coulson for A. C. James
Company; by Mr. E. G. Buckland for The Railroad Credit Cor-
poration; by Mr. Robert T. Swain for the Institutional Bondholders
Committee; by Mr. Harold C. McCollom for Irving Trust Co., Trustee
of General Refunding Mortgage; and concluded by Mr. Orville W.
Wood for Crocker First National Bank of San Francisco et al.,
Trustees of First Mortgage.
No. 11. Group of Institutional Investors et al., petitioners, v.
Chicago, Milwaukee, St. Paul & Pacific Railroad Co.;
No. 12. Group of Institutional Investors et al., petitioners, v.
Union Trust Co. et al.;
488078-42- -6

WEDNESDAY, OCTOBER 14, 1942
32
No. 13. Group of Institutional Investors et al., petitioners, v.
Israel A. Abrams et al.;
No. 14. Group of Institutional Investors et al., petitioners, v.
H. C. Orton et al., etc.;
No. 15. Group of Institutional Investors et al., petitioners, v.
Guaranty Trust Co. of New York et al., etc.;
No. 16. Group of Institutional Investors et al., petitioners, v.
Chicago. Terre Haute & Southeastern Ry. Co. et al.;
No. 17. Group of Institutional Investors et al., petitioners, v.
United States Trust Co., of New York as Trustee, etc.;
No. 18. Group of Institutional Investors et al., petitioners, v.
Trustees of Princeton University et al., etc.;
No. 19. Group of Institutional Investors et al., petitioners, v.
E. Stanley Glines et al., etc.; and
No. 32. Reconstruction Finance Corporation, petitioner, v. Chicago,
Milwaukee, St. Paul and Pacific Railroad Company et al. Argument
commenced by Mr. Kenneth F. Burgess for Group of Institutional
Investors.
Adjourned until tomorrow at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Thursday, October 15, will be as follows: Nos. 11
(12, 13, 14, 15, 16, 17, 18, 19, and 32), 9, 21, 23, 24, 26 (and 27),
28, 29, 30, and 31.

THURSDAY, OCTOBER 15, 1942
33
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: The Chief Justice, Mr. Justice Roberts, Mr. Justice Black,
Mr. Justice Reed, Mr. Justice Frankfurter, Mr. Justice Douglas,
Mr. Justice Murphy, and Mr. Justice Jackson.
Milton V. Thompson, of Chicago, Ill.; Edward E. Watts, Jr., of
New York City; James E. Curry, of San Juan, P. R.; Dallas Scar-
borough, of Abilene, Tex.; Gordon Simpson, of Tyler, Tex.; Vance
V. Vaughan, of Washington, D. C.; and Stuart H. Robeson, of
Washington, D. C., were admitted to practice.
No. 71. United Carbon Company et al., petitioners, v. Binney &
Smith Company. Motion for leave to file brief of Godfrey L. Cabot,
Inc., as amicus curiae, submitted by Mr. Robert E. Kline, Jr., in
that behalf.
No. 11. Group of Institutional Investors et al., petitioners, v.
Chicago, Milwaukee, St. Paul & Pacific R. R. Co.;
No. 12. Group of Institutional Investors et al., petitioners, v. Union
Trust Co. et al., etc.;
No. 13. Group of Institutional Investors et al., petitioners, v. Israel
A. Abrams et al.;
No. 14. Group of Institutional Investors et al., petitioners, v. H. C.
Orton et al., etc.;
No. 15. Group of Institutional Investors et al., petitioners, v. Guar-
anty Trust Co. of New York et al., etc.;
No. 16. Group of Institutional Investors et al., petitioners, v.
Chicago, Terre Haute & Southeastern Ry. Co. et al.;
No. 17. Group of Institutional Investors et al., petitioners, v.
United States Trust Co., of New York, as Trustee, etc.;
No. 18. Group of Institutional Investors et al., petitioners, v. Trus-
tees of Princeton University et al., etc.;
No. 19. Group of Institutional Investors et al., petitioners, v. E.
Stanley Glines et al., etc.; and
No. 32. Reconstruction Finance Corporation, petitioner, v. Chicago,
Milwaukee, St. Paul and Pacific Railroad Company et al. Argu-
ment continued by Mr. A. N. Whitlock for Henry A. Scandret et al.,
Trustees for Chicago, Milwaukee, St. Paul and Pacific R. R. Co.; by
488078-42——7

THURSDAY, OCTOBER 15, 1942
34
Mr. Fred N. Oliver for Mutual Savings Bank Group; by Mr. Russell
L. Snodgrass for Reconstruction Finance Corporation; by Mr. John
L. Hall for Chicago, Milwaukee, St. Paul and Pacific R. R. Co.,
Debtor; by Mr. Albert K. Orschel for Protective Committee of Hold-
ers of Preferred Stock of Chicago, Milwaukee, St. Paul and Pacific
R. R. Co.; by Mr. McCready Sykes for United States Trust Co., of
New York as Trustee, etc.; by Mr. Frederick J. Moses for "University
Group" of General Mortgage Bondholders; by Mr. Edwin S. S.
Sunderland for the Fifty Year Mortgage Trustees; by Mr. C. Frank
Reavis for the Protective Committee of Fifty Year Mortgage Bonds;
by Mr. Meyer Abrams for Adjustment Mortgage Bondholders; by
Mr. Thomas S. McPheeters for Gary First Mortgage Group; by Mr.
Reese D. Alsop for Chicago, Terre Haute and Southeastern Ry. Co.,
First Lien Bondholders Committee; by Mr. Ernest S. Ballard for
Massachusetts Mutual Life Insurance Co. et al.; and concluded by
Mr. Kenneth F. Burgess for Group of Institutional Investors et al.
Adjourned until tomorrow at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Friday, October 16, will be as follows: Nos. 9, 21,
23, 24, 26 (and 27), 28, 29, 30, 31, and 40 (41 and 42).
1
1
×

MONDAY, OCTOBER 19, 1942
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
36
Present: The Chief Justice, Mr. Justice Roberts, Mr. Justice Black,
Mr. Justice Reed, Mr. Justice Frankfurter, Mr. Justice Douglas, Mr.
Justice Murphy, and Mr. Justice Jackson.
Elmer C. Tobin, of Elgin, Ill.; Jesse C. Byrd, of Crisfield, Md.;
Chauncey H. Levy, of New York City; Sidney Basil Levy, of New
York City; Morris I. Liebman, of Chicago, Ill.; Lewis W. Cutrer, of
Houston, Tex.; Hughes J. Rhodes, of Burlington, N. C.; Moses B.
Gillam, Jr., of Windsor, N. C.; Edmond N. Cahn, of New York City;
Charles C. Fox, of Jeffersonville, Ind.; John B. Prizer, of Philadel-
phia, Pa.; James W. Oram, of Philadelphia, Pa.; and Lee Davis, of
Kansas City, Mo., were admitted to practice.
The Chief Justice announced the following orders of the Court:
No. 1. The Carter Oil Company, petitioner, v. John F. Welker,
Nellie E. Welker, et al. On writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court
of Appeals for the Seventh Circuit. Per curiam: The judgment is
reversed, per stipulation, on the authority of Tallman v. Eastern
Illinois & Peoria R. R. Co., 379 Ill. 441, and Vandenbark v. Owens-
Illinois Co., 311 U. S. 533.
No. 259. H. Clyde Reeves, Commissioner of Revenue of the Com-
monwealth of Kentucky, appellant, v. Ben Williamson, Jr., Trustee
of the Kentucky Fuel Gas Corporation. Appeal from and on peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of Appeals for the
Sixth Circuit. Per curiam: The appeal is dismissed for the want of
jurisdiction. Section 240 (6), Judicial Code, as amended, 28 U. S. C.
section 347 (6); Memphis Gas Co. v. Beeler, 315 U. S. 649, 650–51.
The petition for writ of certiorari is denied.
The Chief Justice said:
"The other orders of the Court appear upon the list certified by
the Chief Justice and filed with the Clerk and will not be announced
orally."
-
No. In the matter of the Disbarment of Paysoff Tinkoff. It
having been reported to the Court that Paysoff Tinkoff, of Chicago,
State of Illinois, has been disbarred from the practice of the law by
the Supreme Court of the State of Illinois; and this Court by order
488078-42-9

MONDAY, OCTOBER 19, 1942
37
of June 1, 1942, having suspended the said Paysoff Tinkoff from the
practice of the law in this Court and directed that a rule issue re-
quiring him to show cause why he should not be disbarred;
And it appearing that the said rule was duly issued and served
upon the respondent, who has filed a return thereto; now, upon con-
sideration of the rule to show cause and the return aforesaid,
It is ordered that the said Paysoff Tinkoff be, and he is hereby,
disbarred, and that his name be stricken from the roll of attorneys
admitted to practice in this Court.
No. Roy Alton Holwig, petitioner, v. Wm. H. Hiatt;
No.
No.
-.
-.
Arthur S. Humes, petitioner, v. Sam C. Blair, Judge;
Ex parte Frank S. Fowler, petitioner; and
No. Ex parte Thomas M. Woffard, petitioner. Applications
denied.
No.
-
Gerald Vaughn Flynn, petitioner, v. Robert H. Hudspeth,
Warden. The motion for review is denied.
-
No. Ex parte Pedro E. Sanchez Tapia, petitioner. The applica-
tion for allowance of an appeal is denied.
No. -, original. Ex parte John O. Spaulding, petitioner. The
motion for leave to file petition for writ of habeas corpus is denied
without prejudice to an application to the appropriate District Court.
No., original. Ex parte Marvin Davis, petitioner. The motions
for leave to file a petition for writ of certiorari and a petition for writ
of habeas corpus are denied.
No.
No.
-
-
No.-
-
,
,
,
original. Ex parte George E. Phillips, petitioner ;
original. Ex parte Frank Contardi, petitioner;
original. Ex parte Frank Blaszak, petitioner;
No. original. Ex parte James Dobry, petitioner;
No., original. Ex parte Ray J. Knowlton, petitioner;
No.
original. Ex parte George D. Templeton, petitioner;
No., original. Ex parte James E. Jackson, petitioner;
No.
- original. Ex parte Joseph Brown, petitioner;
-
No. -, original. Ex parte Glenn Wilkerson, petitioner; and
No. —, original. Ex parte Thomas Jordan, petitioner. The motions
for leave to file petitions for writs of habeas corpus are denied.
No. -, original. Ex parte David H. Johnson, petitioner. The
motion for leave to file a bill of complaint is denied.
-
No. original. Ex parte Fred Benioff Co., petitioner. The
motion for leave to file petition for writ of mandamus is denied without
prejudice to an application to the Circuit Court of Appeals.
No. 12. October Term, 1940. The United States of America, peti-
tioner, v. Appalachian Electric Power Company. The petition for
construction of the mandate is denied.

MONDAY, OCTOBER 19, 1942
38
No. 76. Jessie William Miller, petitioner, v. The United States of
America. It is ordered that Howard C. Westwood, Esquire, of
Washington, D. C., be appointed to serve as counsel for the petitioner
in this case.
No. 24. Marine Harbor Properties, Inc., petitioner, v. Manufac-
turer's Trust Company, as Trustee, etc., et al. The motion for leave
to file brief of certain charitable institutions, as amici curiae, is
granted.
No. 71. United Carbon Company and United Carbon Company,
Inc., petitioners, v. Binney & Smith Company. The motion for
leave to file brief of Godfrey L. Cabot, Inc., as amicus curiae, is
granted.
No. 321. The Creek Nation, petitioner, v. The United States; and
No. 322. The Seminole Nation, petitioner, v. The United States.
Petition for writs of certiorari to the Court of Claims granted.
No. 336. L. Metcalfe Walling, Administrator of the Wage and
Hour Division, United States Department of Labor, petitioner, v.
Jacksonville Paper Company. Petition for writ of certiorari to
the Circuit Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit granted and the
case is assigned for argument immediately following No. 97.
No. 366. The United States, petitioner, v. Brooks-Callaway Com-
pany. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Claims granted
and the case is transferred to the summary docket.
No. 72. The People of the State of New York, ex rel. R. Gordon
Whitman, petitioner, v. Joseph H. Wilson, as Warden, etc. The
motion for leave to proceed in forma pauperis is granted. The
petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of New York
is also granted.
No. 362. Joseph E. Moses, petitioner, v. Walter A. Hunter, Warden,
United States Penitentiary, Leavenworth, Kansas. On petition for
writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of Appeals for the Tenth
Circuit;
No. 368. Robert Vivion Bell, petitioner, v. The United States of
America. On petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court
of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit;
No. 382. Walter McDonald and Otto Barnowski, petitioners, v.
Robert H. Hudspeth, Warden, United States Penitentiary, Leaven-
worth, Kansas. On petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit
Court of Appeals for the Tenth Circuit; and
No. 384. Clarence E. Mahaffey, petitioner, v. Robert H. Hudspeth,
Warden, United States Penitentiary, Leavenworth, Kansas. On peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of Appeals for the
Tenth Circuit. The motions for leave to proceed in forma pauperis
are granted. The petitions for writs of certiorari are denied.

MONDAY, OCTOBER 19, 1942
39
No. 314. Lakeside Irrigation Co., Inc., petitioner, v. Commissioner
of Internal Revenue. The motion to defer consideration of the
petition for writ of certiorari is denied. The petition for writ of
certiorari to the Circuit Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit is
also denied.
No. 364. William Bunn, petitioner, v. City of Atlanta. Petition
for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals of Georgia denied
on the ground that it does not appear from the record that applica-
tion therefor was made within the time provided by law. Section
8(a), Act of February 13, 1925 (43 Stat. 936, 940), 28 U. S. C.,
section 350.
No. 372. William Fox, petitioner, v. The United States of America.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of Appeals for
the Third Circuit denied. Mr. Justice Murphy and Mr. Justice
Jackson took no part in the consideration or decision of this
application.
No. 122. Henry Kravitz, petitioner, v. The People of the State of
New York. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals
of New York denied.
No. 199. J. H. Crain and R. E. Lee Wilson, Jr., Trustees, etc., peti-
tioners, v. The United States. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
Court of Claims denied.
No. 337. Armand Tokatyan, petitioner, v. Max Chopnick. Peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of Appeals for the
Second Circuit denied.
No. 343. Clarence J. Thompson, petitioner, v. The State of Georgia.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals of the State
of Georgia denied.
No. 346. Stonewall Cotton Mills, Inc., petitioner, v. National La-
bor Relations Board. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit
Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 348. Mrs. John Hilley, petitioner, v. Wid Spivey, Sheriff. Pe-
tition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Criminal Appeals of
Texas denied.
No. 349. Daisy Largent, petitioner, v. Jack Reeves, City Marshal.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Criminal Appeals of
Texas denied.
No. 350. Tully B. Killam, petitioner, v. City of Floresville. Peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the Court of Criminal Appeals of Texas
denied.
No. 353. Armin F. Hillmer, as Representative of Creditors of
Chicago Bank of Commerce, petitioner, v. Vincent Bendix. Petition

MONDAY, OCTOBER 19, 1942
40
for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of Appeals for the Seventh
Circuit denied.
No. 357. The Industrial Board of the State of New York, peti-
tioner, v. The New York Central Railroad Company, Employer and
self-insured. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court,
Appellate Division, State of New York, denied.
No. 363. S. R. Brackin, petitioner, v. The United States. Petition
for writ of certiorari to the Court of Claims denied.
No. 371. State of California, petitioner, v. Clifford C. Anglim, as
U. S. Collector of Internal Revenue for the First District of Cali-
fornia. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of Appeals
for the Ninth Circuit denied.
No. 374. United Enterprises, Inc., petitioner, v. Anne Dubey, Eva
A. Lowther, et al., etc. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit
Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 375. G. B. Howell et al., petitioners, v. Chicago, Wilmington
& Franklin Coal Company, Inc., et al.; and
No. 376. G. B. Howell et al., petitioners, v. Chicago, Wilmington
& Franklin Coal Company, Inc., et al. Petition for writs of certi-
orari to the Circuit Court of Appeals for the Seventh Circuit denied.
No. 377. Ronning Machinery Company et al., petitioners, v. Cater-
pillar Tractor Co. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit
Court of Appeals for the Seventh Circuit denied.
No. 378. Fred Porter, by his executors, et al., petitioners, v. Bar-
clay Cooke and Robert Barbour Cooke, as Executors, etc., et al. Pe-
tition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of Appeals for the
Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 379. Title Insurance and Trust Company, petitioner, v. Harry
C. Mabry as Executor, etc., et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to
the District Court of Appeal, Second Appellate District, State of
California, denied.
No. 380. B. A. Kausal, petitioner, v. 79th and Escanaba Corpora-
tion. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of Appeals
for the Seventh Circuit denied.
No. 383. Lester H. Barnhart, Clinton R. Smith, et al., petitioners,
v. Western Maryland Railway Company. Petition for writ of cer-
tiorari to the Circuit Court of Appeals for the Fourth Circuit denied.
No. 1058, October Term, 1941. Midland Cooperative Wholesale,
Inc., petitioner, v. Harold L. Ickes, Secretary of the Interior, et al.
Motion for leave to file a second petition for rehearing denied.
No. 94. Mother Lode Coalition Mines Company, petitioner, v. Com-
missioner of Internal Revenue. Petition for rehearing denied.

MONDAY, OCTOBER 19, 1942
41
The Court will take a recess from Monday, October 26, until Mon-
day, November 9, next.
No. 24. Marine Harbor Properties, Inc., petitioner, v. Manufac-
turer's Trust Company, as trustee, etc., et al. Argument continued
by Mr. Charles E. Hughes, Jr., for the respondent, Manufacturer's
Trust Co., as Trustee, etc.; by Mr. Benjamin Heffner for the State
of New York, as amicus curiae, by special leave of Court; by Mr.
Chester T. Lane for the respondent, Securities and Exchange Com-
mission; and concluded by Mr. Arthur E. Friedland for the
petitioner.
No. 26. Henry Anton Pfister, petitioner, v. Northern Illinois
Finance Corporation et al.; and
No. 27. Henry Anton Pfister, petitioner, v. Northern Illinois
Finance Corporation et al. Argued by Mr. Elmer McClain for the
petitioner and by Mr. Elmer C. Tobin for the respondents.
No. 28. The Washington Terminal Company, petitioner, v. F. E.
Boswell et al. Argument commenced by Mr. John Dickinson for
the petitioner.
Adjourned until tomorrow at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Tuesday, October 20, will be as follows: Nos. 28,
29, 30, 40 (41 and 42), 43 (and 44), 31, 10, 25, 48, and 49.
✓

TUESDAY, OCTOBER 20, 1942
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
42
Present: The Chief Justice, Mr. Justice Roberts, Mr. Justice Black,
Mr. Justice Reed, Mr. Justice Frankfurter, Mr. Justice Douglas, Mr.
Justice Murphy, and Mr. Justice Jackson.
J. M. C. Townsend, of Wildwood, Ga.; Wilkes T. Thrasher, of
Chattanooga, Tenn.; E. B. Baker, of Chattanooga, Tenn.; Anna H.
Zachs, of New York City; Edison W. Mollohan, Jr., of Washington,
D. C.; Anthony J. Caputo, of New York City; Harold W. Hastings, of
New York City; Raymond T. Sawyer, Jr., of Cleveland, Ohio; Lawra-
son Riggs, of New York City; and John S. Powell, of Indianapolis,
Ind., were admitted to practice.
No. 72. The People of the State of New York, ex rel. R. Gordon
Whitman, petitioner, v. Joseph H. Wilson, as Warden, etc. It is
ordered that Charles E. Hughes, Jr., Esquire, of New York City, be
appointed to serve as counsel for the petitioner in this case.
No. 28. The Washington Terminal Company, petitioner, v. F. E.
Boswell et al. Argument continued by Mr. John Dickinson for the
petitioners and concluded by Mr. Willard H. McEwen for the re-
spondents.
No. 29. O. B. Williams and Lillie Shaver Hendrix, petitioners, v.
The State of North Carolina. Argued by Mr. W. H. Strickland for
the petitioners and by Mr. Hughes J. Rhodes for the respondent.
No. 30. Lawrason Riggs, Jr., Special Guardian, petitioner, v. Gio-
vanni del Drago et al. Argued by Mr. John W. Davis for the peti-
tioner and by Mr. Henry Cohen for the respondents Giovanni del
Drago and Marcel del Drago; and case submitted by Mr. Anthony J.
Caputo for respondent Byron Clark, Jr., as Executor and by Mr.
Harold W. Hastings for respondent Harold W. Hastings, Special
Guardian.
Adjourned until tomorrow at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Wednesday, October 21, will be as follows: Nos. 40
(41 and 42), 43 (and 44), 10, 25, 31, 48, 49, 45, 65, and 67.
Х
488078-42--10

WEDNESDAY, OCTOBER 21, 1942
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
43
Present: The Chief Justice, Mr. Justice Roberts, Mr. Justice Black,
Mr. Justice Reed, Mr. Justice Frankfurter, Mr. Justice Douglas, Mr.
Justice Murphy, and Mr. Justice Jackson.
Max R. Traurig, of Waterbury, Conn.; Daniel William Leider, of
New York City; Charles E. Scribner, of New York City; Samuel Okin,
of New York City; William E. J. Connor, of Hudson, N. Y.; Allen
Gordon Miller, of New York City; and Frank T. O'Brien, of Chicago,
Ill., were admitted to practice.
No. 40. Guy T. Helvering, Commissioner of Internal Revenue, pe-
titioner, v. The Ohio Leather Company;
No. 41. Guy T. Helvering, Commissioner of Internal Revenue, pe-
titioner, v. The Strong Manufacturing Company; and
No. 42. Guy T. Helvering, Commissioner of Internal Revenue, pe-
titioner, v. Warren Tool Company. Argued by Mr. Valentine Brooks
for the petitioner; by Mr. Donald J. Lynn for the respondent in No.
40; by Mr. Raymond S. Powers for the respondent in No. 41; and
by Mr. Raymond T. Sawyer, Jr., for the respondent in No. 42.
No. 43. Harry Braverman, petitioner, v. The United States of
America; and
No. 44. Allen Wainer, petitioner, v. The United States of America.
Argued by Mr. James J. Magner for the petitioner in No. 43; by Mr.
John E. Dougherty for the petitioner in No. 44; and by Mr. W. Mar-
vin Smith for the respondent.
No. 10. Mitchell Clifton Anderson et al., petitioners, v. The United
States of America. Argument commenced by Mr. Daniel William
Leider for the petitioners and continued by Mr. Assistant Attorney
General Berge for the respondent.
Adjourned until tomorrow at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Thursday, October 22, will be as follows: Nos.
10, 25, 31, 48, 49, 45, 65, 67, and 70.
488078-42—11

THURSDAY, OCTOBER 22, 1942
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
44
Present The Chief Justice, Mr. Justice Roberts, Mr. Justice Black,
Mr. Justice Reed, Mr. Justice Frankfurter, Mr. Justice Douglas, Mr.
Justice Murphy, and Mr. Justice Jackson.
Melva M. Graney, of Washington, D. C.; Robert Stuart Erdahl, of
Washington, D. C.; E. Marshall Thomas, of Dubuque, Iowa; Henry
F. Poyet, of Los Angeles, Calif.; Robert A. Fulwiler, of Roanoke,
Va.; and Zachariah Hicklin Douglas, of Gainesville, Fla., were ad-
mitted to practice.
No. 310. John Len Lacy, petitioner, v. The United States of
America. Application for stay denied.
No. 10. Mitchell Clifton Anderson et al., petitioners, v. The United
States of America. Argument continued by Mr. Assistant Attorney
General Berge for the respondent and concluded by Mr. Daniel Wil-
liam Leider for the petitioners.
No. 25. Benjamin McNabb et al., petitioners, v. The United States
of America. Argued by Mr. E. B. Baker for the petitioners and by
Mr. Assistant Attorney General Berge for the respondent.
No. 31. The United States, petitioner, v. Fred J. Rice and W.
Cameron Burton, Receivers, etc. Argued by Mr. Valentine Brookes
for the petitioner and by Mr. R. Aubrey Bogley for the respondent.
No. 48. Guy T. Helvering, Commissioner of Internal Revenue, pe-
titioner, v. John Stuart. Argument commenced by Mr. Assistant
Attorney General Clark for the petitioner.
Adjourned until tomorrow at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Friday, October 23, will be as follows: Nos. 48, 49,
45, and 65.
☑
488078-42--12

FRIDAY, OCTOBER 23, 1942
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
45
Present: The Chief Justice, Mr. Justice Roberts, Mr. Justice
Black, Mr. Justice Reed, Mr. Justice Frankfurter, Mr. Justice
Douglas, Mr. Justice Murphy, and Mr. Justice Jackson.
Fay W. Prescott, of Fort Worth, Tex.; Frank J. Glossa, of Boston,
Mass.; Arthur S. Wolpe, of Los Angeles, Calif.; Jess G. Sutliff, of
Independence, Calif.; and Nathan Tannenbaum, of New York City,
were admitted to practice.
No. -, original. Ex parte Eugene Weil, petitioner. Return to
the rule to show cause presented.
No. 48. Guy T. Helvering, Commissioner of Internal Revenue, pe-
titioner, v. John Stuart. Argument continued by Mr. Assistant
Attorney General Clark for the petitioner; by Mr. Herbert Pope
and Mr. George I. Haight for the respondent; and concluded by Mr.
Assistant Attorney General Clark for the petitioner.
No. 49. Guy T. Helvering, Commissioner of Internal Revenue, pe-
titioner, v. R. Douglas Stuart. Argued by Mr. Assistant Attorney
General Clark for the petitioner and by Mr. Herbert Pope for the
respondent.
No. 45. Sola Electric Company, petitioner, v. Jefferson Electric
Company. Argued by Mr. J. Bernhard Thiess for the petitioner
and by Mr. Thomas H. Sheridan for the respondent.
No. 65. The United States, petitioner, v. Callahan Walker Con-
struction Company. Argued by Mr. Richard S. Salant for the peti-
tioner and by Mr. Robert A. Littleton for the respondent.
Adjourned until Monday, October 26, next, at 12 o'clock.
☑
488078-42-
-13

MONDAY, OCTOBER 26, 1942
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
46
Present: The Chief Justice, Mr. Justice Roberts, Mr. Justice Black,
Mr. Justice Reed, Mr. Justice Frankfurter, Mr. Justice Douglas, Mr.
Justice Murphy, and Mr. Justice Jackson.
James E. Harrington, of Los Angeles, Calif.; James M. Votava,
of Chicago, Ill.; Donald A. Schafer, of Portland, Oreg.; Anthony
Kane, of Seattle, Wash.; Allan A. Herrick, of Des Moines, Iowa;
Frederick Shapoe, of Pittsburgh, Pa.; Frederick W. Crawford, of
San Francisco, Calif.; Bernard M. Savage, of Baltimore, Md.; and
A. J. Clynch, of Seattle, Wash., were admitted to practice.
The Chief Justice announced the following orders of the Court:
No. 9. The United States, petitioner, v. Consumers Paper Company.
On writ of certiorari to the Court of Claims. Per curiam: The judg-
ment is affirmed by an equally divided Court.
No. 406. Southeastern Greyhound Lines, Union Bus Company, et
al., appellants, v. George F. McCanless, Commissioner of Finance
and Taxation, et al. Appeal from the Supreme Court of Tennessee.
Per curiam: The motion to dismiss is granted and the appeal is dis-
missed for want of a substantial federal question. (1) Maurer v.
Hamilton, 309 U. S. 598; (2) Clark v. Paul Gray, Inc., 306 U. S.
583, 598–600.
The Chief Justice said:
"The other orders of the Court appear upon the list certified by the
Chief Justice and filed with the Clerk and will not be announced
orally."
No. 399. Penn Dairies, Inc., et al., appellants, v. The Milk Control
Commission of the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania. In this case
probable jurisdiction is noted and the case is assigned for argument
immediately following No. 275.
No. 387. Reconstruction Finance Corporation, petitioner, v. Bank-
ers Trust Company, Trustee; and
No. 388. Reconstruction Finance Corporation, petitioner. v. Bank-
ers Trust Company, Trustee. Petition for writs of certiorari to the
Circuit Court of Appeals for the Eighth Circuit granted.
No. 473. In re William V. Bradley, petitioner. Petition for writ
of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the
488078-42- -14

MONDAY, OCTOBER 26, 1942
47
Third Circuit granted and an order is entered admitting the peti-
tioner to bail.
No. 389. Louis B. Bord, alias Louis B. Boff, petitioner, v. The
United States of America; and
No. 390. Louis B. Bord, alias Louis B. Boff, petitioner, v. The
United States of America. On petition for writs of certiorari to the
Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia; and
No. 407. Allen B. Woolworth, petitioner, v. The State of Kansas
et al. On petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of
Kansas. The motions for leave to proceed in forma pauperis are
granted. The petitions for writs of certiorari are denied.
No. 393. Gerald G. Barry and Georgiana G. Barry, petitioners, v.
Chrysler Corporation et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
Circuit Court of Appeals for the Seventh Circuit denied. Mr. Jus-
tice Roberts took no part in the consideration or decision of this
application.
No. 403. Phoenix Finance Corporation, a corporation of the State
of Delaware, petitioner, v. Iowa-Wisconsin Bridge Company, a corpo-
ration of the State of Delaware. Petition for writ of certiorari to
the Supreme Court of Delaware denied. Mr. Justice Douglas took no
part in the consideration or decision of this application.
No. 286. Mahogany Association, Inc., et al., petitioners, v. Black &
Yates, Inc., et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court
of Appeals for the Third Circuit denied.
No. 365. Hazel Kruse, Administratrix, etc., et al., petitioners, v.
New England Fish Company of Oregon, a corporation, et al. Peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of Appeals for the
Ninth Circuit denied.
No. 370. The Dill Manufacturing Company, petitioner, v. William
F. Goff et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of
Appeals for the Sixth Circuit denied.
No. 386. Oluf Borup et al., etc., petitioners, v. American Whale
Factory Ship "Ulysses," her engines, etc., et al. Petition for writ of
certiorari to the Circuit Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit
denied.
No. 391. Joseph E. Levine, a bankrupt, petitioner, v. Jack Levine.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of New York
denied.
No. 392. Stuart Daggett, Sr., et al., petitioners, v. Commissioner
of Internal Revenue. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit
Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit denied.

MONDAY, OCTOBER 26, 1942
48
No. 395. Time, Incorporated, petitioner v. Viobin Corporation.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of Appeals for the
Seventh Circuit denied.
No. 397. General Porcelain Enameling and Manufacturing Com-
pany, petitioner, v. The Ceramic Process Company. Petition for writ
of certiorari to the Circuit Court of Appeals for the Seventh Circuit
denied.
No. 400. The Linen Thread Company, Ltd., petitioner, v. Guy T.
Helvering, Commissioner of Internal Revenue. Petition for writ of
certiorari to the Circuit Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit
denied.
No. 401. Parts Manufacturing Corporation, petitioner, v. Thomas
P. Lynch, Special Agent, etc., et al. Petition for writ of certiorari
to the Circuit Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit denied.
No. 402. James Heddon's Sons, petitioner, v. Millsite Steel & Wire
Works, Inc. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of
Appeals for the Sixth Circuit denied.
No. 404. Wyatt D. Shultz and Carolyn Shultz, as Coexecutors, etc.,
petitioners, v. Manufacturers and Traders Trust Company, Indi-
vidually, etc., et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit
Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit denied.
No. 408. Ben Preston, petitioner, v. Bunker Hill State Bank of
Bunker Hill, Kansas, et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
Circuit Court of Appeals for the Tenth Circuit denied.
No. 409. United States Gauge Company, petitioner, v. Penn Elec-
tric Switch Company. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit
Court of Appeals for the Seventh Circuit denied.
No. 410. Lydia E. Pinkham Medicine Company, petitioner, v. Com-
missioner of Internal Revenue. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
Circuit Court of Appeals for the First Circuit denied.
No. 411. Joe A. May and Lee May, petitioners, v. John M. Parker
Company, Inc. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court
of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 412. Ervin Howell and Raymond Earl Gutermuth, petitioners,
v. Royden O. Couch, doing business as Couch Manufacturing Com-
pany. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of Appeals
for the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 417. William W. Bachmann, petitioner, v. New York City
Tunnel Authority. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme
Court of New York denied.
No. 622, October Term, 1941. L. Metcalfe Walling, petitioner, v.
A. H. Belo Corporation; and

MONDAY, OCTOBER 26, 1942
49
No. 939, October Term, 1941. Overnight Motor Transportation
Company, Inc., petitioner, v. William H. Missel. Petitions for re-
hearing denied.
ORDER
Pursuant to the Act of May 9, 1942 (Public Law 543, 77th Con-
gress), the Court will undertake the preparation of rules of practice
and procedure with respect to appeals by the United States in certain
cases.
To assist the Court in this undertaking, the Advisory Committee
appointed by order of February 3, 1941 (amended by orders of May
26, 1941, and October 27, 1941), to assist the Court in the preparation
of rules of pleading, practice, and procedure with respect to pro-
ceedings prior to and including verdict, or finding of guilty or not
guilty, in criminal cases in district courts of the United States, is
hereby authorized and directed to make such recommendations as
may be deemed advisable respecting promulgation of rules of prac-
tice and procedure under the Act of May 9, 1942.
Adjourned until Monday, November 9, at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Monday, November 9, will be as follows: Nos. 2,
50, 60, 66, 22, 67, 70, 71, 73, and 81 (and 82).
人

MONDAY, NOVEMBER 9, 1942
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
50
Present: The Chief Justice, Mr. Justice Roberts, Mr. Justice Black,
Mr. Justice Reed, Mr. Justice Frankfurter, Mr. Justice Douglas, Mr.
Justice Murphy, and Mr. Justice Jackson.
Louis Kurz, of Jacksonville, Fla.; Victor Behrstock, of Los Angeles,
Calif.; Eugene M. Elson, of Los Angeles, Calif.; James Hendrick
Terry, of New York City; Douglas I. Mann, of Boston, Mass.; Robert
P. Harland, of Milwaukee, Wis.; Percy J. Power, of Detroit, Mich.;
William Carl Bauer, of Saginaw, Mich.; Richard A. Moore, of Wash-
ington, D. C.; Alfred T. Cluff, of Los Angeles, Calif.; Elmer W.
Beasley, of Hartford, Conn.; Herbert F. Hawkins, of Lubbock, Tex.;
and Clarence D. Todd, Jr., of Washington, D. C., were admitted to
practice.
No. 59. Claude R. Wickard, Secretary of Agriculture of the United
States, et al., appellants, v. Roscoe C. Filburn. Appeal from the Dis-
trict Court of the United States for the Southern District of Ohio.
Judgment reversed and cause remanded to the said District Court for
further proceedings in conformity with the opinion of this Court.
Opinion by Mr. Justice Jackson.
No. 21. Warren-Bradshaw Drilling Company, petitioner, v. O. V.
Hall, Individually and as Agent of W. N. Slaid et al. On writ of
certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the
Fifth Circuit. Judgment affirmed with costs and cause remanded to
the District Court of the United States for the Northern District of
Texas. Opinion by Mr. Justice Murphy. Dissenting opinion by Mr.
Justice Roberts.
No. 30. Lawrason Riggs, Jr., Special Guardian, petitioner, v. Gio-
vanni Del Drago, Marcel Del Drago, Byron Clark, Jr., as Executor,
et al. On writ of certiorari to the Surrogate's Court, New York
County, State of New York. Judgment reversed with costs and cause
remanded to said Surrogate's Court for further proceedings not in-
consistent with the opinion of this Court. Opinion by Mr. Justice
Murphy.
No. 40. Guy T. Helvering, Commissioner of Internal Revenue, pe-
titioner, v. The Ohio Leather Company;
No. 41. Guy T. Helvering, Commissioner of Internal Revenue, pe-
titioner, v. The Strong Manufacturing Company; and
488078-42-15

MONDAY, NOVEMBER 9, 1942
51
No. 42. Guy T. Helvering, Commissioner of Internal Revenue, pe-
titioner, v. Warren Tool Corporation. On writs of certiorari to the
United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Sixth Circuit. Judg-
ments reversed and cases remanded to the said Circuit Court of Ap-
peals for further proceedings in conformity with the opinion of this
Court. Opinion by Mr. Justice Murphy.
No. 24. Marine Harbor Properties, Inc., petitioner, v. Manufac-
turer's Trust Company (Successor by merger to the Mortgage Cor-
poration of New York), as Trustee, etc., et al. On writ of certiorari
to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit.
Judgment affirmed with costs and cause remanded to the District
Court of the United States for the Southern District of New York.
Opinion by Mr. Justice Douglas.
No. 31. The United States, petitioner, v. Fred J. Rice and W.
Cameron Burton, Receivers for D. C. Engineering Company, Inc. On
writ of certiorari to the Court of Claims. Judgment reversed and
cause remanded to the Court of Claims for further proceedings in con-
formity with the opinion of this Court. Opinion by Mr. Justice Black.
No. 10, original. Ex parte, Kumezo Kawato, petitioner. Petition
for writ of mandamus granted. Opinion by Mr. Justice Black.
No. 65. The United States, petitioner, v. Callahan Walker Con-
struction Company. On writ of certiorari to the Court of Claims.
Judgment reversed and cause remanded to the Court of Claims for
further proceedings in conformity with the opinion of this Court.
Opinion by Mr. Justice Roberts.
No. 43. Harry Braverman, petitioner, v. The United States of
America; and
No. 44. Allen Wainer, petitioner, v. The United States of America.
On writs of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals
for the Sixth Circuit. Judgment reversed and cases remanded to
the District Court of the United States for the Eastern District of
Michigan where petitioners will be resentenced in conformity with
the opinion of this Court. Opinion by Mr. Chief Justice Stone.
The Chief Justice announced the following orders of the Court:
No. 423. Royal Cadillac Service, Inc., and Reliable Cadillac Lines,
Inc., appellants, v. The United States, Interstate Commerce Com-
mission, et al. Appeal from the District Court of the United States
for the Southern District of New York. Per curiam: The motions
to affirm are granted and the judgment is affirmed, it appearing
that the only substantial question raised by the appeal-whether
under section 206 (a) of the Interstate Commerce Act, 49 U. S. C.,
section 306 (a), appellants may lawfully continue operation until the

MONDAY, NOVEMBER 9, 1942
52
determination by the Commission of their application for a certificate
of public convenience and necessity-has become moot because of
the denial of such application by the Interstate Commerce Com-
mission on September 16, 1942.
No. 491. John Lawrence Coleman, appellant, v. The People of the
the State of California. Appeal from the Supreme Court of Cali-
fornia. Per curiam: The motion for leave to proceed in forma
pauperis is granted. The motion to dismiss is granted and the appeal
is dismissed for want of a substantial federal question. Troche
v. California, 280 U. S. 524.
No. 426. J. Monroe Floyd, petitioner, v. The Du Bois Soap Com-
pany. On petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of
Ohio. Per curiam: The motion for leave to proceed in forma
pauperis is granted. The petition for writ of certiorari is granted
and the judgment is reversed on the authority of Overnight Motor
Co. v. Missel, 316 U. S. 572, and Warren-Bradshaw Drilling Co.
v. Hall, No. 21, decided today.
The Chief Justice said:
"The other orders of the Court appear upon the list certified by
the Chief Justice and filed with the Clerk and will not be announced
orally."
No.
,
original. Ex parte William Ira Jenkins, petitioner.
The motion for leave to file petition for writ of habeas corpus
is denied.
No. United States, plaintiff, v. Henry Eugene Terrell. The mo-
tion by defendant to set aside judgment is denied.
-
No. Ex parte James Rulong, petitioner. The application for
appeal is denied.
No. In the matter of Joe Tenner, petitioner. The orders of stay
entered herein October 27, 1941, December 8, 1941, December 15, 1941,
and December 22, 1941, are vacated.
No. 11, original, Selvie Winfield Wells, petitioner, v. The United
States of America. On motion for leave to file petition for writ of
certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Fifth
Circuit. The motion for leave to proceed in forma pauperis is
granted. The motion for leave to file petition for writ of certiorari
is granted and the petition for writ of certiorari is also granted. The
Court directs that the expense of printing the record be paid by the
United States, pursuant to 28 U. S. C., sec. 832.
No. 420. Wilder Tileston, appellant, v. Abraham S. Ullman, State's
Attorney, et al. Further consideration of the question of the juris-
diction of this Court in this case is postponed to the hearing of the
case on the merits.

MONDAY, NOVEMBER 9, 1942
53
No. 250. Carlota Benitez De Seix et al., petitioners, v. Ros Maria
Anciani et al. The "Petition to the Court" filed herein September 9,
1942, is denied without prejudice to an application to the District
Court.
No. 422. Maurice Mandeville, as Trustee, etc., et al., petitioners,
v. Greek Miller Canterbury. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
Circuit Court of Appeals for the Seventh Circuit granted.
No. 424. Federal Security Administrator, petitioner, v. The
Quaker Oats Company. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit
Court of Appeals for the Seventh Circuit granted.
No. 452. Corn Exchange National Bank and Trust Company,
Philadelphia, et al., petitioners, v. Norman Klauder, Trustee, etc.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of Appeals for the
Third Circuit granted.
No. 429. Hurlbut W. Smith, petitioner, v. Frank J. Shaughnessy,
Collector of Internal Revenue, etc. Petition for writ of certiorari to
the Circuit Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit granted and the
case is transferred to the summary docket.
No. 436. Joseph De Zon, petitioner, v. American President Lines,
Ltd. The motion to proceed on typewritten papers is granted. The
petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of Appeals for the
Ninth Circuit is also granted.
No. 213. Southern Pacific Company, petitioner, v. Gladys Viola.
Haight. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of Appeals
for the Ninth Circuit denied.
No. 394. National Labor Relations Board, petitioner, v. Express
Publishing Company. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit
Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 414. Chattanooga Bakery, Inc., petitioner, v. National Labor
Relations Board. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court
of Appeals for the Sixth Circuit denied.
No. 416. Charles Beland, petitioner, v. The United States of
America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of Ap-
peals for the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 419. R. Simpson & Co., Inc., petitioner, v. Commissioner of In-
ternal Revenue. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of
Appeals for the Second Circuit denied.
No. 425. Luke Manion, petitioner, v. State of Michigan and G.
Donald Kennedy, Michigan State Highway Commissioner. Petition
for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Michigan denied.

MONDAY, NOVEMBER 9, 1942
54
No. 428. O. M. Tate, Jr., Trustee in Bankruptcy of Post and Com-
pany, etc., et al., petitioners, v. Rose McCabe Hoover. Petition for
writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Pennsylvania denied.
No. 431. H. T. Poindexter & Sons Merchandise Company, peti-
tioner, v. The United States of America. Petition for writ of certiorari
to the Circuit Court of Appeals for the Eighth Circuit denied.
No. 432. S. T. Persen, as Ancillary Administrator, etc., petitioner,
v. The National City Company, a corporation, etc. Petition for writ
of certiorari to the Circuit Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit
denied.
No. 433. Terminal Railroad Association, petitioner, v. Julia C.
Miller, Administratrix, etc. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
Supreme Court of Missouri denied.
No. 434. Martin L. Sweeney, petitioner, v. Eleanor M. Patterson,
trading as the Washington Times-Herald, et al. Petition for writ
of certiorari to the Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia
denied.
No. 443. Indiana Gas & Chemical Corporation, petitioner, v. Ken-
tucky Natural Gas Corporation. Petition for writ of certiorari to
the Circuit Court of Appeals for the Seventh Circuit denied.
No. 413. People of the State of California, on the relation of
Charles McColgan, etc., petitioner, v. John Howard Bruce. Petition
for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of Appeals for the Ninth
Circuit denied.
No. 421. John J. Fulton Company, petitioner, v. Federal Trade
Commission. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of
Appeals for the Ninth Circuit denied.
No. 430. Colonial Oil Company, petitioner, v. American Oil Com-
pany. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of Appeals
for the Fourth Circuit denied.
No. 442. Paul O. Buckley, petitioner, v. Ross W. Judson. Peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of Appeals for the
Second Circuit denied. Mr. Justice Douglas and Mr. Justice Murphy
took no part in the consideration or decision of this application.
No. 415. Harry Eyer, petitioner, v. Patrick J. Brady, Warden of
the Maryland Penitentiary. On petition for writ of certiorari to
the Circuit Court of Appeals for the Fourth Circuit;
No. 448. Edmond C. Fletcher, petitioner, v. William G. Maupin
et al. On petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals for
the District of Columbia;
No. 437. Robert W. Halliday et al., petitioners, v. State of Ohio
ex rel. S. H. Squire, Superintendent of Banks, etc., et al.;

MONDAY, NOVEMBER 9, 1942
55
No. 438. Robert W. Halliday et al., petitioners, v. State of Ohio
ex rel. S. H. Squire, Superintendent of Banks, etc., et al.; and
No. 439. Robert W. Halliday et al., petitioners, v. State of Ohio
ex rel. S. H. Squire, Superintendent of Banks, etc., et al. On peti-
tions for writs of certiorari to the Court of Appeals of Ohio;
No. 435. Mary M. Hunsberger, petitioner, v. York K. Fischer and
Hanna K. Fischer. On petition for writ of certiorari to the Superior
Court of Pennsylvania;
No. 440. C. T. Earle, petitioner, v. Illinois Central Railroad Com-
pany et al. On petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals
of Tennessee; and
No. 444. Charles O'Keith, petitioner, v. James A. Johnston, War-
den, etc. On petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of
Appeals for the Ninth Circuit. The motions for leave to proceed in
forma pauperis are granted. The petitions for writs of certiorari are
denied.
No., original. Ex parte Thomas Jordan, petitioner;
No. 105. Duquesne Club, petitioner, v. Henry D. Bell, as Former
Acting Collector of Internal Revenue; and
No. 106. Duquesne Club, petitioner, v. William D. Driscoll, as
Collector of Internal Revenue;
No. 107. Mary Boyd Evans, petitioner, v. Commissioner of In-
ternal Revenue; and
No. 108. Katharine Boyd Morehead, petitioner, v. Commissioner
of Internal Revenue;
No. 113. The Davidson Transfer and Storage Company et al., ap-
pellants, v. The United States of America et al.;
No. 116. Nieschlag & Co., Inc., petitioner, v. Atlantic Mutual In-
surance Company;
No. 128. Mike Gurney et al., appellants, v. J. R. Ferguson et al.;
No. 139. John Yani, petitioner, v. Herbert A. Smith, Warden, etc.;
No. 159. J. R. Mason, petitioner, v. Merced Irrigation District;
No. 160. Cheltenham & Abington Sewerage Company, appellant,
v. Pennsylvania Public Utility Commission et al.;
No. 168. Milton J. Levine, petitioner, v. Robert H. Hudspeth,
Warden, etc.;
No. 180. Southwestern Greyhound Lines, Inc., petitioner, v. A. L.
Buchanan;
No. 188. Claud Nivens, petitioner, v. Robert H. Hudspeth, Warden,
etc.;
No. 216. A. W. Stickle & Company, petitioner, v. Interstate Com-
merce Commission;
No. 239. James A. Rheinstrom, Executor, etc., petitioner, v.
Thomas J. Connor, Collector of Internal Revenue; and

MONDAY, NOVEMBER 9, 1942
56
No. 240. First National Bank, Cincinnati, Ohio, Trustee, etc., peti-
tioner, v. Thomas J. Connor, Collector of Internal Revenue;
No. 276. John Gonzales et al., petitioners, v. The People of the
State of California;
No. 294. Myra Page Wiren, petitioner, v. Shubert Theatre Cor-
poration et al.;
No. 301. Charles M. Thomson, as Trustee, etc., et al., petitioners, v.
Florence G. Hicks et al.;
No. 307. Ida M. Picking et al., petitioners, v. The People of the
State of New York;
No. 310. John Len Lacy, petitioner, v. The United States of
America;
No. 340. Doehler Metal Furniture Co., Inc., petitioner, v. Lindsay
C. Warren, Comptroller General of the United States; and
No. 361. Yellow Manufacturing Acceptance Corporation et al.,
appellants, v. A. H. Stone, Chairman, etc., et al. Petitions for re-
hearing denied.
No. 115. Carlota Benitez Sampayo, petitioner, v. The Bank of
Nova Scotia;
No. 280. General Motors Acceptance Corporation et al., appel-
lants, v. Sam Hulbert, as County Assessor, etc.; and
No. 317. The Morris Plan Industrial Bank of New York, appel-
lant, v. Mark Graves et al., etc. Petitions for rehearing denied. The
Chief Justice took no part in the consideration or decision of these
applications.
No. 221. Gordon A. Gantz, petitioner, v. The United States of
America. Petition for rehearing denied. The motion to stay execu-
tion of the mandate of the Circuit Court of Appeals is also denied.
Mr. Justice Douglas took no part in the consideration or decision of
these applications.
No. 382. Walter McDonald and Otto Barnowski, petitioners, v.
Robert H. Hudspeth, Warden, etc. Petition for rehearing denied.
The "Petition for Court Order" is also denied.
No. 519. H. D. Ryan and Lindsay G. Howard, Trading as Key-
stone Transfer Co., appellants, v. Pennsylvania Public Utility Com-
mission. Appeal from the District Court of the United States for the
Middle District of Pennsylvania. Docketed and dismissed on motion
of counsel for the appellee.
No. 2. William Schneiderman, petitioner, v. The United States of
America. Three hours allowed for oral argument. Argued by Mr.

MONDAY, NOVEMBER 9, 1942
57
Wendell L. Willkie for the petitioner and by Mr. Solicitor General
Fahy for the respondent. Leave granted respondent to file an addi-
tional brief.
No. 50. Harry Pyle, petitioner, v. State of Kansas and Milton F.
Amrine, Warden, etc. Argument commenced by Mr. Joseph P. Tu-
multy, Jr., for the petitioner and continued by Mr. Jay Kyle for the
respondents.
Adjourned until tomorrow at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Tuesday, November 10, will be as follows: Nos.
50, 60, 66 (and 22), 67, 70, 71, 73, 81 (and 82), 85, and 78.
☑

TUESDAY, NOVEMBER 10, 1942
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
58
Present: The Chief Justice, Mr. Justice Roberts, Mr. Justice Black,
Mr. Justice Reed, Mr. Justice Frankfurter, Mr. Justice Douglas, Mr.
Justice Murphy, and Mr. Justice Jackson.
Harry E. Boot, of Washington, D. C.; Andrew S. Scott, of Laurel,
Miss.; Thorne Caldwell, of Princeton, Mass.; J. Y. Sanders, Jr., of
Baton Rouge, La.; Joseph B. Harlacher, of Seattle, Wash.; and Milton
M. Borowsky, of Philadelphia, Pa., were admitted to practice.
No. 50. Harry Pyle, petitioner, v. State of Kansas and Milton F.
Amrine, Warden, etc. Argument continued by Mr. Jay Kyle for the
respondents and concluded by Mr. Joseph P. Tumulty, Jr., for the
petitioner.
No. 60. C. J. Hendry Company et al., petitioners, v. E. C. Moore
et al., etc. Argued by Mr. Alfred T. Cluf for the petitioners and by
Mr. Everett W. Mattoon and Mr. Eugene M. Elson for the respondents.
Leave granted petitioner to file an additional brief within one week.
No. 66. Emil H. Strassburger, petitioner, v. Commissioner of In-
ternal Revenue; and
No. 22. Guy T. Helvering, Commissioner of Internal Revenue,
petitioner, v. R. A. Sprouse. Argument commenced by Mr. Leo
Brady for the petitioner in No. 66 and continued by Mr. Arnold
Raum for the Commissioner of Internal Revenue.
Adjourned until Thursday next at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Thursday, November 12, will be as follows: Nos.
66 (and 22), 67, 70, 71, 73, 81 (and 82), 85, 78, 79, and 76.
488078-42-16

THURSDAY, NOVEMBER 12, 1942
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
59
Present: The Chief Justice, Mr. Justice Roberts, Mr. Justice Black,
Mr. Justice Reed, Mr. Justice Frankfurter, Mr. Justice Douglas, Mr.
Justice Murphy, and Mr. Justice Jackson.
John C. Slade, of Chicago, Ill.; Eli Fowler Seebirt, of South Bend,
Ind.; Ezra L. D'Isa, of Chicago, Ill.; Warren W. Shaw, of Topeka,
Kans.; Henry A. Mulcahy, of New York City; and Louis F. Niezer,
of Fort Wayne, Ind., were admitted to practice.
No. 66. Emil H. Strassburger, petitioner, v. Commissioner of In-
ternal Revenue; and
No. 22. Guy T. Helvering, Commissioner of Internal Revenue, pe-
titioner, v. R. A. Sprouse. Argument continued by Mr. Arnold Raum
for the Commissioner of Internal Revenue; by Mr. Charles E. McCul-
loch for the respondent in No. 22; by Mr. Arnold Raum for the Com-
missioner of Internal Revenue; and concluded by Mr. Leo Brady for
the petitioner in No. 66.
No. 67. Wade Garrett, petitioner, v. Moore-McCormack Company,
Inc., et al. Argued by Mr. Abraham E. Freedman for the petitioner
and by Mr. Rowland C. Evans, Jr., for the respondents.
No. 70. Adrian Ettelson et al. v. Metropolitan Life Insurance Com-
pany. Argument commenced by Mr. Conover English for the Metro-
politan Life Insurance Company.
Adjourned until tomorrow at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Friday, November 13, will be as follows: Nos. 70,
71, 73, 81 (and 82), 85, 78, 79, 76, 74, and 86.
✓
488078-42-17

FRIDAY, NOVEMBER 13, 1942
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
60
Present: The Chief Justice, Mr. Justice Roberts, Mr. Justice Black,
Mr. Justice Reed, Mr. Justice Frankfurter, Mr. Justice Douglas, Mr.
Justice Murphy, and Mr. Justice Jackson.
Alfred H. Featherston, of Murfreesboro, Ark.; Daniel H. Kunkel,
of Harrisburg, Pa.; Joseph Francis Frassrand, of Chattanooga, Tenn.;
Bonner R. Landman, of Athens, Tex.; Wesley F. Brownton, of La
Grande, Oreg.; and Theodore L. Thau, of Chicago, Ill., were admitted
to practice.
No. 70. Adrian Ettelson et al. v. Metropolitan Life Insurance
Company. Argument continued by Mr. Conover English for the
Metropolitan Life Ins. Co. and concluded by Mr. Arthur T. Vander-
bilt for Ettelson et al.
No. 71. United Carbon Company et al., petitioners, v. Binney &
Smith Company. Argued by Mr. Hugh M. Morris for the petitioners
and by Mr. Dean S. Edmonds for the respondent.
No. 73. National Labor Relations Board, petitioner, v. Indiana &
Michigan Electric Company et al. Argument commenced by Mr.
Ernest A. Gross for the petitioner and continued by Mr. Murray Sea-
songood for the respondents.
Adjourned until Monday next at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Monday, November 16th, will be as follows: Nos.
73, 81 (and 82), 85, 78, 74, 79, 76, 86, 94, and 97.
✓
488078-42--18

MONDAY, NOVEMBER 16, 1942
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
61
Present: The Chief Justice, Mr. Justice Roberts, Mr. Justice Black,
Mr. Justice Reed, Mr. Justice Frankfurter, Mr. Justice Douglas, Mr.
Justice Murphy, and Mr. Justice Jackson.
John V. Ray, of Charleston, W. Va.; William Strong, of Wash-
ington, D. C.; Sidney L. Davis, of Washington, D. C.; Adele I.
Springer, of New York City; Edwin J. Skeen, of Salt Lake City,
Utah; David Lederman, of Cleveland, Ohio; Laurence J. Kennedy,
of Redding, Calif.; R. Rhody Brenlove, of Pittsburgh, Pa.; James
M. Carlisle, of Hartford, Conn.; W. Gregory Smith, of Jackson-
ville, Fla.; Geo. A. Downing, of Atlanta, Ga.; Justinus Gould, of
Baltimore, Md.; Archibald MacLeish, of Washington, D. C.; and
Edwin Yourman, of Wilburton, Okla., were admitted to practice.
No. 26. Henry Anton Pfister, petitioner, v. Northern Illinois
Finance Corporation, Algonquin State Bank, Hartman and Son,
et al.; and
No. 27. Henry Anton Pfister, petitioner, v. Northern Illinois
Finance Corporation, Algonquin State Bank, Hartman and Son,
et al. On writs of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court
of Appeals for the Seventh Circuit. Judgments affirmed with costs
and cases remanded to the District Court of the United States for the
Northern District of Illinois. Opinion by Mr. Justice Reed.
No. 49. Guy T. Helvering, Commissioner of Internal Revenue, peti-
tioner, v. R. Douglas Stuart; and
No. 48. Guy T. Helvering, Commissioner of Internal Revenue, peti-
tioner, v. John Stuart. On writs of certiorari to the United States
Circuit Court of Appeals for the Seventh Circuit. Judgment in
No. 49 reversed, and for reasons stated in the opinion of this Court
the decision of the Board of Tax Appeals is affirmed. Judgment in
No. 48 reversed and cause remanded to the Circuit Court of Appeals
for remand to the Board of Tax Appeals. Opinion by Mr. Justice
Reed. Separate opinion by Mr. Chief Justice Stone in which Mr.
Justice Black and Mr. Justice Douglas join.
No. 23. State Bank of Hardinsburg, petitioner, v. Chancey Ray
Brown and Mary G. Brown. On writ of certiorari to the United
States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Seventh Circuit. Judg-
ment of the Circuit Court of Appeals reversed with costs and judg-
488078-42-19

MONDAY, NOVEMBER 16, 1942
62
ment of the District Court affirmed. Opinion by Mr. Justice
Roberts. Dissenting opinion by Mr. Justice Murphy in which Mr.
Justice Black and Mr. Justice Douglas join.
No. 176. Mary M. Hughes, appellant, v. John W. Wendel, County
Treasurer of Butler County, Ohio, et al. Appeal from the Supreme
Court of the State of Ohio. Appeal dismissed. Opinion, per
curiam, announced by Mr. Chief Justice Stone.
The Chief Justice announced the following order of the Court:
No. 134. H. H. Beckman et al., appellants, v. E. J. Mall, Fred J.
Hartner et al. Appeal from the District Court of the United States
for the District of Kansas. Per curiam: The decree is affirmed on
the authority of Wickard v. Filburn, No. 59, decided November 9,
1942, without consideration of the grounds relied upon by the court
below for dismissing the bill.
The Chief Justice said:
"The other orders of the Court appear upon the list certified
by the Chief Justice and filed with the Clerk and will not be an-
nounced orally."
No. —, Original. Ex parte Fred Steffler, petitioner. The motion
for leave to file petition for writ of mandamus is denied.
No., Original. Ex parte Eugene Weil, petitioner. The motion
for leave to file petition for writ of habeas corpus is denied as
moot, it appearing that the petitioner is no longer in respondent's
custody. The rule to show cause is therefore discharged.
No. 325. Jerome Parker Jerome, petitioner, v. The United States
of America. It is ordered that John T. Sapienza, Esquire, of Wash-
ington, D. C., a member of the bar of this Court, be appointed to
serve as counsel for the petitioner in this case.
No. 28. The Washington Terminal Company, petitioner, v. F. E.
Boswell, E. R. Burkhead, et al. This cause is restored to the docket
for reargument. On the reargument counsel are requested to in-
clude in their briefs and oral argument a discussion of the fol-
lowing questions:
1. Whether either party to a dispute over which the Adjustment
Board has authority is precluded from seeking a determination of
the dispute by the courts, either before or after submission of the
dispute to the Board;
2. Whether the Board may make an award ex parte if one party
to the dispute does not appear before the Board, and if so the effect
given by the statute to such an award;

MONDAY, NOVEMBER 16, 1942
63
3. The effect of the expiration of the two-year period specified by
Section 3 First (q) upon the right of either party to the dispute to
obtain a determination of it in the courts;
4. The effect of the words "final and conclusive” in Section 3 First
(m) upon the right to resort to the courts and upon the scope of
judicial review, (a) during the two-year period, and (b) after expira-
tion of the two-year period.
The Solicitor General is requested to file a brief, and, if he so
desires, to participate in the oral argument.
No. 77. William H. Dunn, Jr., et al., appellants, v. The State of
Ohio. The motion for leave to proceed on typewritten record is
granted.
No. 453. Marshall Field & Company, petitioner, v. National Labor
Relations Board. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court
of Appeals for the Seventh Circuit granted.
No. 460. National Labor Relations Board, petitioner, v. Southern
Bell Telephone and Telegraph Company; and
No. 461. National Labor Relations Board, petitioner, v. Southern
Association of Bell Telephone Employees. Petition for writs of
certiorari to the Circuit Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit
granted.
No. 458. George Sylvester Viereck, petitioner, v. The United States
of America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals
for the District of Columbia granted except with respect to the first
question presented by the petition.
No. 449. Maricopa County, Arizona, W. H. Linville, as County
Treasurer, etc., et al., petitioners, v. The Valley National Bank of
Phoenix. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of
Appeals for the Ninth Circuit granted. Counsel are asked to discuss
in their briefs and on the oral argument the question whether peti-
tioners, who are counties, are within the constitutional protection
which they assert.
In view of the Act of August 24, 1937, 28 U. S. C., section 401, the
court hereby certifies to the Attorney General of the United States
that the constitutionality of the Act of March 20, 1936, as applied,
is drawn in question in this case.
No. 451. Norman Baker, petitioner, v. Walter A. Hunter, Successor
to Robert H. Hudspeth, as Warden, etc. Petition for writ of cer-
tiorari to the Circuit Court of Appeals for the Tenth Circuit
denied.
No. 456. Air Reduction Company, Incorporated, petitioner, v.
Commissioner of Internal Revenue. Petition for writ of certiorari
to the Circuit Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit denied.

MONDAY, NOVEMBER 16, 1942
64
No. 457. Westinghouse Electric & Manufacturing Company, peti-
tioner, v. Crosley Corporation. Petition for writ of certiorari to
the Circuit Court of Appeals for the Third Circuit denied.
No. 454. Pedro Aquilar, petitioner, v. Standard Oil Company of
New Jersey. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of
Appeals for the Second Circuit denied. Mr. Justice Roberts took
no part in the consideration or decision of this application.
No. 445. Winston Posey, petitioner, v. State of Indiana. The mo-
tion for leave to proceed in forma pauperis is granted. The petition
for writ of certiorari to the Criminal Court, Lake County, State of
Indiana is denied for the reason that it does not appear from the
papers submitted that petitioner has exhausted state remedies by
appealing to the highest court of the state the judgment sought to
be reviewed. Under the law of Indiana the permission of the trial
court to appeal as a poor person, which petitioner alleges was re-
fused, does not appear to be necessary in order to take an effective
appeal (see State ex rel. Rankin v. Worden, 40 N. E. (2d) 970).
No. 6. Charles Schultz, petitioner, v. Robert H. Hudspeth, Warden,
etc. The motion for leave to proceed in forma pauperis is granted.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of Appeals for
the Tenth Circuit denied.
No., In re disbarment of Paysoff Tinkoff. The motion to vacate
order of disbarment is denied.
No.-, Original. Ex parte Frank Contardi, petitioner;
No. 137. Louis Abraham et al., Trustees, etc., petitioners, v.
Hidalgo County Water Control and Improvement District No. 1,
et al.;
No. 306. Alfred Cookman Miner, Individually, etc., petitioner, v.
Reconstruction Finance Corporation;
No. 343. Clarence J. Thompson, petitioner, v. The State of
Georgia; and
No. 347. Ernest Newton Kalb, petitioner, v. Yellow Manufactur-
ing Acceptance Corporation. Petitions for rehearing denied.
No. 393. Gerald G. Barry and Georgiana G. Barry, petitioners, v.
Chrysler Corporation et al. Petition for rehearing denied. Mr.
Justice Roberts took no part in the consideration or decision of this
application.
The Court will take a recess from Monday, November 23, next,
until Monday, December 7.

MONDAY, NOVEMBER 16, 1942
65
No. 73. National Labor Relations Board, petitioner, v. Indiana &
Michigan Electric Company et al. Argument concluded by Mr.
Eli F. Seebirt for the respondent.
No. 81. The United States of America, appellant, v. The Wayne
Pump Company et al.; and
No. 82. The United States of America, appellant, v. The Wayne
Pump Company et al. Argued by Mr. Assistant Attorney General
Arnold for the appellant; by Mr. Edward R. Johnston for appellee,
The Wayne Pump Co. et al.; by Mr. James H. Winston for appellee,
Gilbert and Barker Mfg. Co. et al.; and by Mr. Harold F. McGuire
for appellees, Veeder-Root, Inc., et al.
No. 85. J. Buckner Fisher, Receiver, etc., petitioner, v. Louise
Whiton, Executrix, etc., et al. Argument commenced by Mr. John
F. Anderson for the petitioner; continued by Mr. Joe Frassrand
for the respondents; and concluded by Mr. S. Bartow Strang for
the petitioner.
No. 78. The United States of America, petitioner, v. Victor N.
Miller, also known as Vic Miller et al. Argument commenced by
Mr. Assistant Attorney General Littell for the petitioner.
Adjourned until tomorrow at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Tuesday, November 17, will be as follows: Nos.
78, 74, 79, 76, 86, 94, 97, 336, 93, and 142.

TUESDAY, NOVEMBER 17, 1942
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
66
Present: The Chief Justice, Mr. Justice Roberts, Mr. Justice Black,
Mr. Justice Reed, Mr. Justice Frankfurter, Mr. Justice Douglas, Mr.
Justice Murphy, and Mr. Justice Jackson.
G. H. Bucey, of Seattle, Wash.; Walter H. Flaherty, of Elizabeth,
N. J.; Frank Cohn, of Elizabeth, N. J.; Joseph A. Porter, of Eliza-
beth, N. J.; Saul Lehr, of Elizabeth, N. J.; Phidias L. Pollis, of
Elizabeth, N. J.; Nicholas Salowich, of Detroit, Mich.; Frank Eby
Coho, of Lancaster, Pa.; Otto Kinzel, of New York City; Homer R.
Miller, of Kokomo, Ind.; and Thomas J. Blake, of New York City,
were admitted to practice.
No. 78. The United States of America, petitioner, v. Victor N.
Miller, also known as Vic Miller et al. Argument continued by Mr.
Assistant Attorney General Littell for the petitioner and concluded
by Mr. Laurence J. Kennedy for the respondents.
No. 74. Walter L. Mangus and Rose L. Mangus, petitioners, v.
Matthew A. Miller. Motion to dismiss submitted by Mr. Edwin J.
Skeen for the petitioners. Argued by Mr. Edwin J. Skeen for the
petitioners and by Mr. Hadlond P. Thomas for the respondent.
No. 79. William A. Adams, Warden, etc., et al., petitioners, v. The
United States of America, ex rel. Gene McCann. Argument
commenced by Mr. Solicitor General Fahy for the petitioners and
continued by Mr. Robert G. Page for the respondent.
Adjourned until tomorrow at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Wednesday, November 18, will be as follows: Nos.
79, 76, 86, 94, 97, 336, 93, 142, 234, and 265.
☑
488078-42——20

WEDNESDAY, NOVEMBER 18, 1942
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
67
Present: The Chief Justice, Mr. Justice Roberts, Mr. Justice Black,
Mr. Justice Reed, Mr. Justice Frankfurter, Mr. Justice Douglas, Mr.
Justice Murphy, and Mr. Justice Jackson.
Robert T. Mautz, of Portland, Oreg.; Wm. P. Lord, of Portland,
Oreg.; Edw. D. Franklin, of Seattle, Wash.; Paul M. Hebert, of
Baton Rouge, La.; John W. Kelley, of Rhinelander, Wis.; Edgar
Sansom Bayol, of Alexandria, Va.; Edward B. Perry, of Portland,
Oreg.; Charles M. Davison, Jr., of Alexandria, Va.; Maurice A.
Frank, of Chicago, Ill.; Harry Lehrer, of Portland, Oreg.; and
William Edward O'Herin, of St. Louis, Mo., were admitted to
practice.
No. 79. William A. Adams, Warden, etc., et al., petitioners, v. The
United States of America, ex rel. Gene McCann. Argument continued
by Mr. Robert G. Page for the respondent and concluded by Mr.
Solicitor General Fahy for the petitioners.
No. 76. Jessie William Miller, petitioner, v. The United States of
America. Argued by Mr. Howard C. Westwood for the petitioner
and by Mr. Archibald Cox for the respondent.
No. 86. Opal Saxton Davis, petitioner, v. Department of Labor and
Industries of the State of Washington. Argued by Mr. Alfred J.
Schweppe for the petitioner and by Mr. Edward S. Franklin for the
respondent.
Adjourned until tomorrow at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Thursday, November 19, will be as follows: Nos.
94, 97, 336, 93, 142, 234, and 265.
☑
488078-42-21

THURSDAY, NOVEMBER 19, 1942
68
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: The Chief Justice, Mr. Justice Roberts, Mr. Justice
Black, Mr. Justice Reed, Mr. Justice Frankfurter, Mr. Justice
Douglas, Mr. Justice Murphy, and Mr. Justice Jackson.
Nathan H. Goldstein, of New York City, and William S. Jackson,
of Savannah, Ga., were admitted to practice.
No. 94. Mother Lode Coalition Mines Company, petitioner, v.
Commissioner of Internal Revenue. Argued by Mr. Paul E. Shorb
for the petitioner and by Mr. Valentine Brookes for the respondent.
No. 93. Wm. A. Marshall, Deputy Commissioner, etc., et al., peti-
tioners, v. G. Pletz. Argued by Mr. Robert T. Mautz for the peti-
tioners and by Mr. William P. Lord for the respondent.
No. 97. Ansel Higgins, petitioner, v. Carr Brothers Company.
Argued by Mr. Edward B. Perry for the petitioner and case sub-
mitted by Mr. Clement F. Robinson and Mr. Francis W. Sullivan
for the respondent.
No. 336. L. Metcalfe Walling, Administrator, etc., petitioner, v.
Jacksonville Paper Company. Argument commenced by Mr. Robert
L. Stern for the petitioner and continued by Mr. Louis Kurz for the
respondent.
Adjourned until tomorrow at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Friday, November 20, will be as follows: Nos. 336,
142, 234, and 265.
☑
488078-42--22

FRIDAY, NOVEMBER 20, 1942
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
6
Present: The Chief Justice, Mr. Justice Roberts, Mr. Justice Black,
Mr. Justice Reed, Mr. Justice Frankfurter, Mr. Justice Douglas, Mr.
Justice Murphy, and Mr. Justice Jackson.
Agnes A. Neuville, of St. Louis, Mo.; Philip S. Ball, of Baltimore,
Md.; R. C. Kunkel, of Miami, Fla.; Leon Finley, of New York City;
Jack H. Shepherd, of Denver, Colo.; and Roswell P. C. May, of New
York City, were admitted to practice.
No. 11, original. Selvie Winfield Wells, petitioner, v. The United
States of America. It is ordered that Henry J. Friendly, Esquire, of
New York City, a member of the bar of this Court, be appointed to
serve as counsel for the petitioner in this case.
No. 336. L. Metcalfe Walling, Administrator, etc., petitioner, v.
Jacksonville Paper Company. Argument concluded by Mr. Louis
Kurz for the respondent.
No. 142. Endicott Johnson Corporation et al., petitioners, v. Frances
Perkins, Secretary of Labor of the United States. Argued by Mr.
Howard A. Swartwood for the petitioners and by Mr. Paul Freund
for the respondent.
No. 234. G. F. Albin, petitioner, v. Cowing Pressure Relieving Joint
Company, etc., et al. Submitted by Mr. Lewis E. Pennish for the
petitioner and by Mr. Charles Aaron for the respondents.
No. 265. Clyde-Mallory Lines, petitioner, v. Steamship "Englan-
tine" and The United States of America. Argued by Mr. Chauncey
I. Clark for the petitioner and by Mr. Sidney J. Kaplan for the
respondents. Leave granted petitioner to file a reply brief by
Wednesday next.
Adjourned until Monday, November 23, next, at 12 o'clock.
Х
488078-42-23

MONDAY, NOVEMBER 23, 1942
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
70
Present: The Chief Justice, Mr. Justice Roberts, Mr. Justice Black,
Mr. Justice Reed, Mr. Justice Douglas, Mr. Justice Murphy, and Mr.
Justice Jackson.
Irl D. Brett, of Los Angeles, Calif.; Abraham S. Ullman, of New
Haven, Conn.; Charles W. Miles III, of Union City, Tenn.; John
Bowman Gunion, of Washington, D. C.; John Wingfield Jackson, of
Washington, D. C.; Lee H. Cope, of Yankton, S. D.; John H. Hughes,
of Syracuse, N. Y.; Willis H. Michell, of Syracuse, N. Y.; and
Francis P. Linneman, of Chicago, Ill., were admitted to practice.
The Chief Justice said:
"The orders of the Court appear upon the list certified by the Chief
Justice and filed with the Clerk and will not be announced orally."
No. 75. The City of North Chicago et al., petitioners, v. The Mac-
cabees, a corporation, et al.; and
No. 96. The Maccabees, a corporation, petitioner, v. City of North
Chicago, a municipal corporation, et al. On petitions for writs of
certiorari to the Circuit Court of Appeals for the Seventh Circuit.
Per curiam: The motion to withdraw the petition for certiorari in
No. 96 is granted and the petition is dismissed. The motion of The
Maccabees to withdraw all papers previously filed on their behalf in
No. 75 is granted. All motions made by Arvid B. Tanner on his
own behalf are denied. The motion to substitute counsel is granted
and the appearance of Arvid B. Tanner is ordered withdrawn.
No. In the matter of Edward H. Coulter; and
-
--
No. In the matter of Frank C. Sibley. Rules are ordered to
issue returnable on Thursday, December 10, 1942, requiring Edward
H. Coulter of Little Rock, Ark., and Frank C. Sibley, of Detroit, Mich.,
members of the Bar of this Court, to show cause why they should
not be disbarred for conduct unbecoming a member of the Bar of
this Court.
No.
.A. F. Levy, appellant, v. Edna L. Sturgeon. Application
for appeal denied.
-.
—
No. Arthur S. Humes, petitioner, v. Leavenworth County
Local Selective Service Board, No. 1, etc. Application for injunction
denied.
No. , original. Ex parte Robert E. Peyton, petitioner. The
motion for leave to file petition for writ of mandamus is denied.
488078-42-24

MONDAY, NOVEMBER 23, 1942
71
No.
original. Ex parte Wilfred Hill Castleman, petitioner.
The motion for leave to file petition for writ of habeas corpus is
denied.
No. , original. Ex parte Cecil Wright, petitioner. The motion
for leave to proceed in forma pauperis is granted. The motion for
leave to file petition for writ of certiorari to the District Court of the
United States for the Eastern District of Illinois is denied.
No. 467. Guy T. Helvering, Commissioner of Internal Revenue,
petitioner, v. Sylvie R. Griffiths. Petition for writ of certiorari to
the Circuit Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit granted. The
case is transferred to the summary docket and assigned for argument
on Monday, December 7, next.
No. 427. William H. Bickley, Individually, etc., petitioner, v.
Pennsylvania Public Utility Commission. Petition for writ of cer-
tiorari to the Superior Court of Pennsylvania denied.
No. 455. William T. Bradford and Ben F. Bradford, petitioners,
v. The United States of America. Petition for writ of certiorari to
the Circuit Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 462. Philip Harry Koolish et al., petitioners, v. Federal Trade
Commission. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of
Appeals for the Seventh Circuit denied.
No. 465. Chicago Junction Railroad Company, petitioner, v. A. A.
Sprague et al., etc. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit
Court of Appeals for the Seventh Circuit denied.
No. 469. General American Life Insurance Company, petitioner,
v. Mercy Brown Stephens. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
Circuit Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit denied.
No. 65. The United States, petitioner, v. Callahan Walker Con-
struction Company;
No. 378. Fred Porter, by his executors, et al., petitioners, v. Bar-
clay Cooke et al.;
No. 404. Wyatt D. Shultz et al., etc., petitioners, v. Manufacturers
and Traders Trust Company, Individually, etc.;
No. 412. Ervin Howell and Raymond Earl Gutermuth, petition-
ers, v. Royden O. Couch, doing business as Couch Manufacturing
Company; and
No. 416. Charles Beland, petitioner, v. The United States of
America. Petitions for rehearing denied.
Adjourned until Monday, December 7, at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Monday, December 7, will be as follows: Nos. 467,
80, 87, 103, 124, 171, 156 (and 214), 172, 173, and 236.

MONDAY, DECEMBER 7, 1942
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
72
Present: The Chief Justice, Mr. Justice Roberts, Mr. Justice Black,
Mr. Justice Reed, Mr. Justice Frankfurter, Mr. Justice Douglas, Mr.
Justice Murphy, and Mr. Justice Jackson.
Howard D. Bradley, of Atlanta, Ga.; R. E. Kleinschmidt, of Hills-
boro, Mo.; E. John Ernst, Jr., of New York City; Alton David Shaw,
of Blackwell, Okla.; Arthur T. Gorman, of New Haven, Conn.; John
B. Seabrook, of Portland, Oreg.; Ernest R. Mortenson, of Mount
Rainier, Md.; Arthur E. Simpson, of Saint Louis, Mo.; John J. Kint-
zinger, of Dubuque, Iowa; John H. Witherspoon, of Detroit, Mich.;
Edward S. Reid, Jr., of Detroit, Mich.; Emmett E. Eagan, of Detroit,
Mich.; Norman H. Nachman, of Chicago, Ill.; James L. Homire, of
New York City; Peter Shuebruk, of Hingham, Mass.; Helen V.
Dolan, of Washington, D. C.; and Roland L. Redmond, of New York
City, were admitted to practice.
No. 71. United Carbon Company and United Carbon Company,
Inc., petitioners, v. Binney & Smith Company. On writ of certiorari
to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Fourth Cir-
cuit. Judgment reversed with costs and cause remanded to the Dis-
trict Court of the United States for the Southern District of West
Virginia for further proceedings in conformity with the opinion of
this Court. Opinion by Mr. Justice Jackson.
No. 50. Harry Pyle, petitioner, v. State of Kansas and Milton F.
Amrine, Warden, Kansas State Penitentiary. On writ of certiorari
to the Supreme Court of the State of Kansas. Judgment reversed
with costs and cause remanded to the said Supreme Court for further
proceedings not inconsistent with the opinion of this Court. Opinion
by Mr. Justice Murphy.
No. 85. J. Buckner Fisher, Receiver of the First National Bank of
Chattanooga, Tennessee, petitioner, v. Louise Whiton, Executrix of
the Estate of Annie R. Nottingham, deceased, et al. On writ of cer-
tiorari to the Court of Appeals of the State of Tennessee. Judg-
ment reversed with costs and cause remanded to the said Court of
Appeals for further proceedings not inconsistent with the opinion of
this Court. Opinion by Mr. Justice Murphy.
488078-42-25

MONDAY, DECEMBER 7, 1942
73
No. 94. Mother Lode Coalition Mines Company, petitioner, v. Com-
missioner of Internal Revenue. On writ of certiorari to the United
States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit. Judgment
affirmed and cause remanded to the said Circuit Court of Appeals.
Opinion by Mr. Justice Murphy.
No. 234. G. F. Albin, petitioner, v. Cowing Pressure Relieving
Joint Company, etc., et al. On writ of certiorari to the United States
Circuit Court of Appeals for the Seventh Circuit. Judgment reversed
with costs and cause remanded to the said Circuit Court of Appeals
for further proceedings in conformity with the opinion of this Court.
Opinion by Mr. Justice Douglas.
No. 81. The United States of America, appellant, v. The Wayne
Pump Company, Gilbert and Barker Manufacturing Company, et
al.; and
No. 82. The United States of America, appellant, v. The Wayne
Pump Company, Gilbert and Barker Manufacturing Company, et
al. Appeals from the District Court of the United States for the
Northern District of Illinois. Appeals dismissed. Opinion by
Mr. Justice Reed. Mr. Justice Jackson took no part in the consid-
eration or decision of these cases. Dissenting: Mr. Justice Black,
Mr. Justice Douglas, and Mr. Justice Murphy.
No. 70. Adrian Ettelson, Joseph A. Feder, et al., v. Metropolitan
Life Insurance Company. On certificate from the United States
Circuit Court of Appeals for the Third Circuit. Question certified
answered "Yes." Opinion by Mr. Justice Roberts.
No. 76. Jessie William Miller, petitioner, v. The United States of
America. On writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court
of Appeals for the Eighth Circuit. Cause remanded to the Circuit
Court of Appeals in order that it may enter an order permitting the
settlement of a bill of exceptions in the District Court to present the
point urged by petitioner. Opinion by Mr. Justice Roberts.
No. 45. Sola Electric Company, petitioner, v. Jefferson Electric
Company. On writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court
of Appeals for the Seventh Circuit. Judgment reversed with costs
and cause remanded to the District Court of the United States for the
Northern District of Illinois for further proceedings in conformity
with the opinion of this Court. Opinion by Mr. Chief Justice Stone.
No. 74. Walter L. Mangus and Rose L. Mangus, petitioners, v.
Matthew A. Miller. On writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit
Court of Appeals for the Tenth Circuit. Judgment reversed with
costs and cause remanded to the District Court of the United States

MONDAY, DECEMBER 7, 1942
74
for the District of Utah for further proceedings in conformity with
the opinion of this Court. Opinion by Mr. Chief Justice Stone.
The Chief Justice announced the following orders of the Court:
No. 510. James Donovan, appellant, John W. Turner, Virgil T.
Seaberry, and Carl P. Springer, copartners, etc. Appeal from the
District Court of Appeal, 2d Appellate District, State of California.
Per curiam: The appeal is dismissed for want of jurisdiction. Section
237 (a), Judicial Code, as amended, 28 U. S. C., sec. 344 (a). Treating
the papers whereon the appeal was allowed as a petition for writ of
certiorari as required by section 237 (c) of the Judicial Code as
amended, 28 U. S. C., sec. 344 (c), certiorari is denied.
No. 492. Charles F. Williams, E. Busby, and Abraham Estrada,
appellants, v. Allen Miller and Gilbert D. Ferrell, as District Attor-
ney, etc. Appeal from the District Court of the United States for
the Northern District of California. Per curiam: The decree dis-
missing the bill of complaint is affirmed on the ground that the bill
does not allege facts which would warrant the granting of equitable
relief by a federal court to restrain enforcement of the state statute.
Spielman Motor Co. v. Dodge, 295 U. S. 89; Beal v. Missouri Pacific
R. Co., 312 U. S. 45; Watson v. Buck, 313 U. S. 387, 400-01.
No. 446. F. J. Williams, William Bishop, et al., petitioners, v.
The Delaware and Hudson Railroad Corporation et al.; and
No. 447. F. J. Williams, William Bishop, et al., petitioners, v.
The Delaware and Hudson Railroad Corporation et al. On petition
for writs of certiorari to the Circuit Court of Appeals for the
Seventh Circuit. Per curiam: The petition for writs of certiorari is
granted. In view of the death of the referee appointed by the Na-
tional Railroad Adjustment Board, the judgments are vacated, with-
out consideration of the merits, and the causes remanded to the
District Court for such further proceedings as may be appropriate.
The Chief Justice said:
"The other orders of the Court appear upon the list certified by
the Chief Justice and filed with the Clerk and will not be announced
orally."
No., Original. Ex parte Ethel Pitt Donnell, petitioner. The
motion for leave to file petition for writ of habeas corpus is denied.
No. Original. Ex Parte Thomas Merryl Wofford, petitioner.
The motion for leave to file petition for writ of mandamus is denied.
No. 299. Jersey Central Power & Light Company, petitioner, v.
Federal Power Commission. The motion of John E. Benton for leave

MONDAY, DECEMBER 7, 1942
75
to appear and present oral argument on behalf of The National Asso-
ciation of Railroad and Utilities Commissioners, as amicus curiae, is
denied.
No. 67. Wade Garrett, petitioner, v. Moore-McCormack Company,
Inc., et al. The motion of the respondent for leave to file a reply brief
is granted.
No. 511. John W. Noble, doing business as Noble Transit Com-
pany, appellant, v. The United States of America et al.;
No. 520. L. T. Barringer and Company, appellant, v. The United
States of America et al.; and
No. 529. The United States of America, appellant, v. Swift and
Company et al. In these cases probable jurisdiction is noted.
No. 514. The United States of America, appellant, v. French
Bauer, Inc., et al. Further consideration of the question of the juris-
diction of this Court in this case and of the motions to dismiss or
affirm is postponed to the hearing of the case on the merits.
No. 488. Guy T. Helvering, Commissioner of Internal Revenue,
petitioner, v. Chicago Stock Yards Company. Petition for writ of
certiorari to the Circuit Court of Appeals for the First Circuit
granted.
No. 490. Clearfield Trust Company, a corporation, et al., peti-
tioners, v. The United States of America. Petition for writ of cer-
tiorari to the Circuit Court of Appeals for the Third Circuit granted.
No. 497. A. M. Anderson, Receiver, etc., petitioner, v. Katherine
Kirkpatrick Abbott, Administratrix, etc., et al. Petition for writ of
certiorari to the Circuit Court of Appeals for the Sixth Circuit
granted.
No. 499. Meta Biddle Robinette, petitioner, v. Guy T. Helvering,
Commissioner of Internal Revenue; and
No. 500. Elise Biddle Paumgarten, petitioner, v. Guy T. Helver-
ing, Commissioner of Internal Revenue. Petition for writs of cer-
tiorari to the Circuit Court of Appeals for the Third Circuit granted.
The cases are transferred to the summary docket and assigned for
argument immediately following No. 429.
No. 89. Paloma Estates, Inc., petitioner, v. Series C-2 Trustees and
Securities and Exchange Commission. Petition for writ of certiorari
to the Circuit Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit denied.
No. 470. Rachel Mayer et al., as Trustees, etc., petitioners, v.
Mabel G. Reinecke, as Collector of Internal Revenue, etc. Petition for
writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of Appeals for the Seventh
Circuit denied.
No. 493. Edward L. Scheufler, Superintendent of the Insurance
Department of the State of Missouri, petitioner, v. Central Surety and

MONDAY, DECEMBER 7, 1942
76
Insurance Corporation and R. E. O'Malley. Petition for writ of cer-
tiorari to the Supreme Court of Missouri denied.
No. 502. Philadelphia Coke Company, petitioner, v. Commissioner
of Internal Revenue. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit
Court of Appeals for the Third Circuit denied.
No. 503. Rau Construction Company, petitioner, v. Phillips Pe-
troleum Company. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court
of Appeals for the Eighth Circuit denied.
No. 472. Clover Splint Coal Co., Inc., petitioner, v. Commissioner
of Internal Revenue. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit
Court of Appeals for the Third Circuit denied.
No. 474. Helen Sears Bradley et al., petitioners, v. William M.
Welch, Former Collector. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit
Court of Appeals for the First Circuit denied.
No. 489. Areff Samara, petitioner, v. The United States of Amer-
ica. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of Appeals for
the Second Circuit denied.
No. 501. City of Dubuque Bridge Commission, petitioner, v. Board
of Review for the City of Dubuque, etc. Petition for writ of certiorari
to the Supreme Court of Iowa denied.
No. 505. Paper Container Mfg. Company, petitioner, v. Dixie-
Vortex Company. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court
of Appeals for the Seventh Circuit denied.
No. 508. Vim Securities Corporation, petitioner, v. Commissioner
of Internal Revenue. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit
Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit denied.
No. 509. George Van Wormer, petitioner, v. The Champion Paper
& Fibre Company. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit
Court of Appeals for the Sixth Circuit denied.
No. 471. Sears, Roebuck and Co., a corporation, petitioner, v. Lil-
lian M. Hoyt and Ezra H. Hoyt, Jr. Petition for writ of certiorari
to the Circuit Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit denied. The
Chief Justice took no part in the consideration or decision of this
application.
No. 478. Nevada Consolidated Copper Corporation et al., petition-
ers, v. Railroad Retirement Board et al. Petition for writ of cer-
tiorari to the Circuit Court of Appeals for the Tenth Circuit denied.
The Chief Justice took no part in the consideration or decision of this
application.
No. 479. Utah Copper Company et al., petitioners, v. Railroad
Retirement Board et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit

MONDAY, DECEMBER 7, 1942
77
Court of Appeals for the Tenth Circuit denied. The Chief Justice
took no part in the consideration or decision of this application.
No. 476. American Insurance Company et al., petitioners, v. Ed-
ward L. Scheufler (Successor), Superintendent of the Insurance
Department of the State of Missouri et al. Petition for writ of cer-
tiorari to the Circuit Court of Appeals for the Eighth Circuit denied.
Mr. Justice Roberts and Mr. Justice Murphy took no part in the
consideration or decision of this application.
No. 504. Robert G. Ewald, petitioner, v. The People of the State
of Michigan. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court
of the State of Michigan denied. Mr. Justice Murphy took no part
in the consideration or decision of this application.
No. 512. Standard Oil Company (Indiana), petitioner, v. Com-
missioner of Internal Revenue. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
Circuit Court of Appeals for the Seventh Circuit denied. Mr. Justice
Roberts took no part in the consideration or decision of this
application.
No. 532. Maceo Thomas, petitioner, v. State of Kansas. Petition
for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Kansas denied for the
reason that application therefor was not made within the time provided
by law. Section 8 (a), Act of February 13, 1925 (43 Stat. 936, 940),
28 U. S. C., section 350.
No. 539. The People of the State of Illinois, ex rel. Frank Parker,
petitioner, v. Thomas J. O'Brien, Sheriff of Cook County. The ap-
plication for bail is denied. The petition for writ of certiorari to the
Supreme Court of Illinois is also denied.
No. 561. Hiram R. Edwards, petitioner, v. The United States of
America. The application for bail is denied. The petition for writ
of certiorari to the Circuit Court of Appeals for the Tenth Circuit is
also denied. Mr. Justice Douglas took no part in the consideration or
decision of these applications.
No. 477. Daisy C. Tegtmeyer, petitioner, v. William H. Tegtmeyer
et al. The motion for leave to proceed in forma pauperis is granted.
The petition for writ of certiorari to the Appellate Court, First Dis-
trict, State of Illinois, is denied.
No. 513. Ernest Norman Webster, Sr., Administrator, etc., peti-
tioner, v. Druid A. Clodfelter, Trading as Clodfelter's Service Station.
The motion for leave to proceed in forma pauperis is granted. The
petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the District of Columbia is denied.
No. 459. Vivian Wycliff Buie, petitioner, v. The United States of
America. The motion for leave to proceed in forma pauperis is

MONDAY, DECEMBER 7, 1942
78
granted. The petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of
Appeals for the Fifth Circuit is denied for the reason that application
therefor was not made within the time provided by law. Rule XI of
the Criminal Appeals Rules, 292 U. S. 665–66; U. S. ex rel. Coy v.
United States, 316 U. S. 342.
No. 24. Marine Harbor Properties, Inc., petitioner, v. Manufac-
turer's Trust Company (Successor by merger to the Mortgage Corpo-
ration of New York), as Trustee, etc., et al.;
No. 226. Corinne C. Waterman, petitioner, v. Colonel Somervell
et al.;
No. 413. People of the State of California, on the relation of
Charles J. McColgan, as State Franchise Tax Commissioner, peti-
tioner, v. John Howard Bruce;
No. 431. H. T. Poindexter & Sons Merchandise Company, peti-
tioner, v. The United States of America;
No. 433. Terminal Railroad Association, petitioner, v. Julia C.
Miller, Administratrix, etc.;
No. 435. Mary M. Hunsberger, petitioner, v. York K. Fischer
and Hanna K. Fischer; and
No. 444. Charles O'Keith, petitioner, v. James A. Johnston,
Warden, etc. Petitions for rehearing denied.
No. 467. Guy T. Helvering, Commissioner of Internal Revenue,
petitioner, v. Sylvie R. Griffiths. Argued by Mr. Arnold Raum for
the petitioner and by Mr. Roland L. Redmond for the respondent.
No. 80. The Choctaw Nation of Indians, petitioner, v. The United
States and The Chickasaw Nation of Indians. Argument commenced
by Mr. Robert E. Mulroney for respondent, The United States; and
continued by Mr. William G. Stigler for the petitioner and by Mr.
Melven Cornish for respondent, The Chickasaw Nation.
Adjourned until tomorrow at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Tuesday, December 8, will be as follows: Nos. 80,
87, 103, 124, 171, 156 (and 214), 172, 173, 236, and 184.
Х

TUESDAY, DECEMBER 8, 1942
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
79
Present: The Chief Justice, Mr. Justice Roberts, Mr. Justice
Black, Mr. Justice Reed, Mr. Justice Frankfurter, Mr. Justice Doug-
las, Mr. Justice Murphy, and Mr. Justice Jackson.
R. Emmett Kerrigan, of New Orleans, La.; Frank Connell, of
Dallas, Oreg.; Morris P. Greenberg, of New York City; William E.
Dowling, of Detroit, Mich.; Daniel J. O'Hara, of Lansing, Mich.;
John B. Nicklas, Jr., of Pittsburgh, Pa.; Robert R. McWhinney, of
Pittsburgh, Pa.; Gordon K. MacIntosh, of Washington, D. C.; Rey
Eilers, of St. Louis, Mo.; Albert Boggess, of Waco, Tex.; James E.
Burke, of Kansas City, Mo.; Paul L. Weiden, of Portland, Oreg.;
William H. DeParcq, of Minneapolis, Minn.; and Clifford R. Curt-
ner, of Dayton, Ohic, were admitted to practice.
No. 80. The Choctaw Nation of Indians, petitioner, v. The United
States and The Chickasaw Nation of Indians. Argument continued
by Mr. Melven Cornish for respondent, The Chickasaw Nation, and
concluded by Mr. Robert E. Mulroney for respondent, The United
States. Leave granted respondent, The Chickasaw Nation, to file
additional brief by Friday next.
No. 87. The Public Utilities Commission of Ohio et al., appellants,
v. United Fuel Gas Company. Argued by Mr. Kenneth L. Sater
for the appellants and by Mr. Harold A. Ritz for the appellee.
No. 103. Carter H. Harrison, Individually, etc., petitioner, v. The
Northern Trust Company and Mary E. Kaufman, Executors, etc.
Argued by Miss Helen R. Carloss for the petitioner and by Mr.
Alexander F. Reichmann for the respondents.
No. 124. Norvel H. Lilly, petitioner, v. Grand Trunk Western
Railroad Company. Argument commenced by Mr. William H. De-
Parcq for the petitioner..
Adjourned until tomorrow at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Wednesday, December 9, will be as follows: Nos.
124, 171, 156 (and 214), 172, 173, 236, 184, 201 (and 202),
183 (186 and 187), and 246.
488078-42--26
✓

WEDNESDAY, DECEMBER 9, 1942
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
80
Present: The Chief Justice, Mr. Justice Roberts, Mr. Justice Black,
Mr. Justice Reed, Mr. Justice Frankfurter, Mr. Justice Douglas, Mr.
Justice Murphy, and Mr. Justice Jackson.
Stanley S. Gilbert, of South Bend, Ind.; Hart McKillop, of Winter
Haven, Fla.; Joseph I. King, of Los Angeles, Calif.; Vincent J.
Malone, of New York City; Merle Milton Calvert, of Indianapolis,
Ind.; and George S. Smith, of Van Wert, Ohio, were admitted to
practice.
No. 23. State Bank of Hardinsburg, petitioner, v. Chancy Ray
Brown and Mary G. Brown. Time within which to file petition for
rehearing extended to and including December 31 next on motion of
Mr. Samuel E. Cook for the respondents.
No. 124. Norvel H. Lilly, petitioner, v. Grand Trunk Western
Railroad Company. Argument continued by Mr. William H.
DeParcq for the petitioner; by Mr. Harold A. Smith for the re-
spondents; and concluded by Mr. William H. DeParcq for the
petitioner.
No. 171. The United States of America, petitioner, v. Oklahoma
Gas & Electric Company. Argued by Mr. Valentine Brookes for the
petitioner and by Mr. Streeter B. Flynn for the respondent.
No. 156. The Detroit Bank, formerly The Detroit Savings Bank,
etc., petitioner, v. The United States of America; and
No. 214. State of Michigan, John J. O'Hara, Auditor General,
etc., et al., petitioners, v. The United States of America. Argument
commenced by Mr. Edward S. Reid, Jr., for the petitioner in No.
156; continued by Mr. John H. Witherspoon for the petitioner in
No. 214; and by Mr. J. Louis Monarch for the respondent.
Adjourned until tomorrow at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Thursday, December 10, will be as follows: Nos.
156 (and 214), 172, 173, 236, 184, 201 (and 202), 183 (186 and
187), 246, 218, and 245.
488078-42-27

THURSDAY, DECEMBER 10, 1942
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
81
Present: The Chief Justice, Mr. Justice Roberts, Mr. Justice Black,
Mr. Justice Reed, Mr. Justice Frankfurter, Mr. Justice Douglas, Mr.
Justice Murphy, and Mr. Justice Jackson.
Francis Stirling Wilson, of Chevy Chase, Md.; William Katz, of
Los Angeles, Calif.; Philip J. Hennessey, Jr., of Washington, D. C.;
Karl A. Smith, of Washington, D. C.; George F. Sieker, of Mil-
waukee, Wis.; and Charles Pye Burnett, Jr., of Seattle, Wash., were
admitted to practice.
No. 156. The Detroit Bank, formerly The Detroit Savings Bank,
a Michigan Banking Corporation, petitioner, v. The United States
of America; and
No. 214. State of Michigan, John J. O'Hara, Auditor General, etc.,
et al., petitioners, v. The United States of America. Argument con-
cluded by Mr. Emmett E. Eagan for the petitioner in No. 156.
No. 172. Minnie Reese Richardson Wragg, petitioner, v. Federal
Land Bank of New Orleans. Argued by Mr. Jack Crenshaw for the
petitioner and by Mr. Thomas H. Hedgepeth for the respondent.
Leave granted petitioner to file a reply brief by December 16 with
leave to the respondent to file an answering brief thereafter.
No. 173. The United States of America, ex rel. Morris L. Marcus
et al., etc., petitioners, v. William F. Hess, et al. Argument com-
menced by Mr. William Stanley for the petitioners; continued by
Mr. William H. Eckert and Mr. Eugene B. Strassburger for the re-
spondents; and concluded by Mr. Charles J. Margiotti for the peti-
tioners. Leave granted the United States to file a supplemental brief
as amicus curiae.
No. 236. The United States of America, on relation of Samuel
Ostrager et al., etc., petitioners, v. New Orleans Chapter, Associated
General Contractors of America. Argument commenced by Mr. Wil-
liam Katz for the petitioners and continued by Mr. R. Emmett Ker-
rigan for the respondents.
Adjourned until tomorrow at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Friday, December 11, will be as follows: Nos. 236,
184, 201 (and 202), 183 (186 and 187), 246, 218, 245, 248, 385,
and 254.
488078-42--28
☑

FRIDAY, DECEMBER 11, 1942
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
82
Present: The Chief Justice, Mr. Justice Roberts, Mr. Justice Black,
Mr. Justice Reed, Mr. Justice Frankfurter, Mr. Justice Douglas, Mr.
Justice Murphy, and Mr. Justice Jackson.
A. L. Hodson, of Chicago, Ill.; Ralph M. Russell, of Kansas City,
Mo.; and Frank Flournoy Roberson, of Memphis, Tenn., were
admitted to practice.
No. 176. Mary M. Hughes, appellant, v. John W. Wendel, County
Treasurer, etc., et al. Mandate stayed pending disposition of petition
for rehearing on motion of counsel for the appellant.
No. 236. The United States of America, on relation of Samuel
Ostrager, et al., etc., petitioners, v. New Orleans Chapter, Associated
General Contractors of America, Inc., et al. Argument continued
by Mr. R. Emmett Kerrigan for the respondents and concluded by
Mr. William Katz for the petitioners.
No. 184. Henry A. Kieselbach and Olga M. Kieselbach, petitioners,
v. Commissioner of Internal Revenue. Argued by Mr. Harry Fried-
men for the petitioners and by Mr. Arnold Raum for the respondent.
No. 201. American Medical Association, a corporation, petitioner,
v. The United States of America; and
No. 202. The Medical Society of The District of Columbia, a cor-
poration, petitioner, v. The United States of America. Three hours
allowed for oral argument. Argument commenced by Mr. Seth W.
Richardson for the petitioners and continued by Mr. John Henry
Lewin for the respondent.
Adjourned until Monday next at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Monday, December 14, will be as follows: Nos. 201
(and 202), 183 (186 and 187), 246, 218, 245, 248, 385, 254, 268,
and 269.
488078-42-29
☑

MONDAY, DECEMBER 14, 1942
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
83
Present: The Chief Justice, Mr. Justice Roberts, Mr. Justice Black,
Mr. Justice Reed, Mr. Justice Frankfurter, Mr. Justice Douglas, Mr.
Justice Murphy, and Mr. Justice Jackson.
Joseph C. Duggan, of New Bedford, Mass.; Richard K. Phelps, of
Kansas City, Mo.; James W. Booth, of Pueblo, Colo.; Irving R. Church,
of Atlanta, Ga.; Thomas A. Reynolds, of Chicago, Ill.; John W. Ed-
wards, of Poultney, Vt.; Francis A. Nolan, of Detroit, Mich; Norris
Darrell, of New York City; and William Creighton Wines, of
Chicago, Ill., were admitted to practice.
No. 67. Wade Garrett, petitioner, v. Moore-McCormack Company,
Inc., and American Scantic Lines. On writ of certiorari to the Su-
preme Court of the State of Pennsylvania. Judgment reversed with
costs and cause remanded to the said Supreme Court for further
proceedings not inconsistent with the opinion of this Court. Opinion
by Mr. Justice Black.
No. 86. Opal Saxton Davis, petitioner, v. Department of Labor and
Industries of the State of Washington. On writ of certiorari to the
Supreme Court of the State of Washington. Judgment reversed with
costs and cause remanded to the said Supreme Court for further pro-
ceedings not inconsistent with the opinion of this Court. Opinion by
Mr. Justice Black. Concurring opinion by Mr. Justice Frankfurter.
Separate opinion by Mr. Chief Justice Stone.
No. 525. Howard M. Sharpe, petitioner, v. W. Jess Buchanan,
Warden, etc. On petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court
of Appeals for the Sixth Circuit. The motion for leave to proceed in
forma pauperis is granted. The petition for writ of certiorari is also
granted. Judgment of the Circuit Court of Appeals vacated, with-
out costs, and cause remanded to the Circuit Court of Appeals for such
further proceedings as it may deem appropriate. Opinion, per
curiam, announced by Mr. Chief Justice Stone.
The Chief Justice announced the following order of the Court:
No. 537. William Roddenberry, appellant, v. State of Florida.
Appeal from the Supreme Court of Florida. Per curiam: The motion
for leave to proceed in forma pauperis is granted. The appeal is dis-
missed for the want of a substantial federal question.
488078-42-
-30

MONDAY, DECEMBER 14, 1942
The Chief Justice said:
84
"The other orders of the Court appear upon the list certified by the
Chief Justice and filed with the Clerk and will not be announced
orally."
No., Ex parte Henry E. Terrell, petitioner. The motion to set
aside judgment is denied.
No.
-
original. Ex parte Cecil Wright, petitioner. The motion.
for leave to file petition for writ of habeas corpus is denied.
No., original. Ex parte Karl Kive Greenfield, petitioner. The
motion for leave to file petition for writ of mandamus is denied.
No., original. Ex parte Orville Chester Garrison, petitioner.
The motion for leave to file petition for writ of certiorari is denied.
No. 76. Jessie William Miller, petitioner, v. The United States of
America. It is ordered that the opinion filed December 7, 1942, be
amended as follows:
Page 3, line 4, insert a period after the word "transcribed" and
strike out the balance of line 4 and all of lines 5, 6, 7, and 8, beginning
with the word "that" and ending with the word "Exceptions."
Page 5, line 3. After "4. As we have said" strike out the balance
of line 3, and all of lines 4, 5, 6, 7, 8, as well as the first six words on
line 9, beginning with the words "a stenographer" and ending with
the word "addition."
Page 5, last paragraph, 6th line from bottom of page. Strike out
sentence beginning with the word "We" and ending with the word
"foreclosed." On the same page, 4th line from bottom, strike out the
words "so" and "rule" and insert between the words "to" and "in" the
following: "hold that the petitioner is foreclosed from obtaining a
bill."
No. 85. J. Buckner Fisher, Receiver, etc., petitioner, v. Louise
Whiton, Executrix, etc., et al. It is ordered that the opinion of the
Court in No. 85, Fisher v. Whiton, filed December 7, 1942, be amended
by inserting after the word "eliminated" in footnote 5 on page 2 of
the slip opinion the following phrase: "where there has been compli-
ance with the provisions of the statute,”.
No. 49. Guy T. Helvering, Commissioner of Internal Revenue, pe-
titioner, v. R. Douglas Stuart; and
No. 48. Guy T. Helvering, Commissioner of Internal Revenue,
petitioner, v. John Stuart. It is ordered that the last paragraph on
page 3 of the opinion of November 16, 1942, be struck out. It reads
as follows:
In answer to the taxpayers' petitions for the redetermination of
the deficiencies, the Commissioner asserted the increase was re-
quired by the provisions of Sections 22, 166, and 167 of the Revenue

MONDAY, DECEMBER 14, 1942
85
Act of 1934, 48 Stat. 680. So far as pertinent these are set out in
the footnote below.
In lieu thereof insert the following:
In answer to the taxpayer's petition in No. 49 for the rede-
termination of the deficiencies, the Commissioner asserted the
increase was required by the provisions of Sections 22, 166, and
167 of the Revenue Act of 1934, 48 Stat. 680. Section 22 was
not raised by the Commissioner in his answer to the petition in
No. 48. But the applicability of that section was raised by the
Commissioner as appellee before the Circuit Court of Appeals
(Helvering v. Gowran, 302 U. S. 238, 245). The contention in
the Court of Appeals rested on the facts stipulated in the Board
of Tax Appeals. On the rejection of that ground in the court
below the Commissioner was entitled to raise the question, as he
did, in his petition for certiorari and rely on Section 22 in this
Court. Helvering v. Gowran, ibid, 246; cf. Hormel v. Helvering,
312 U. S. 552. So far as pertinent the sections are set out in the
footnote below.*
It is further ordered that the first sentence of the last paragraph on
page 8 be struck out. It reads as follows:
The Commissioner, however, has pressed continually since this
litigation started for taxation under 22 (a), see footnote page 3, on
the ground that the trust incomes are chargeable to the donors
under the rule of Helvering v. Clifford, 309 U. S. 331.
In lieu thereof insert the following:
The Commissioner, however, raised in the Court of Appeals and
has pressed here the liability of the donors for taxation under
22 (a), see footnote page 3, on the ground that the trust incomes
are chargeable to the donors under the rule of Helvering v. Clif-
ford, 309 U. S. 331.
The petitions for rehearing are denied.
No. 477. Daisy C. Tegtmeyer, petitioner, v. William H. Tegtmeyer
et al. The application for a stay is denied.
No. 554. National Broadcasting Company, Inc., et al., appellants,
v. The United States of America et al.; and
No. 555. Columbia Broadcasting System, Inc., appellant, v. The
United States of America et al. In these cases probable jurisdiction
is noted.
No. 369. Marconi Wireless Telegraph Company of America, pe-
titioner, v. The United States; and

MONDAY, DECEMBER 14, 1942
86
No. 373. The United States, petitioner, v. Marconi Wireless Tele-
graph Company of America. Petitions for writs of certiorari to the
Court of Claims granted.
No. 518. Guy T. Helvering, Commissioner of Internal Revenue,
petitioner, v. Sabine Transportation Company, Inc. Petition for writ
of certiorari to the Circuit Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit
granted and the case transferred to the summary docket.
No. 495. G. E. Burford et al., petitioners, v. Sun Oil Company
et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of Appeals
for the Fifth Circuit granted and the case transferred to the summary
docket.
No. 528. O. L. Hastings et al., petitioners, v. Selby Oil & Gas Com-
pany et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of
Appeals for the Fifth Circuit granted. The case is transferred to
the summary docket and assigned for argument immediately follow-
ing No. 495.
No. 463. Alex Ranieri, petitioner, v. The United States. Petition
for writ of certiorari to the Court of Claims denied.
No. 494. S. C. Bigelow, as Receiver, etc., petitioner, v. H. A. An-
derson, Individually, et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
Circuit Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit denied.
No. 498. Galban Lobo Company, S. A., petitioner, v. Leon Hender-
Price Administrator. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United
States Emergency Court of Appeals denied.
son,
No. 515. F. A. Smith Manufacturing Co., Inc., petitioner, v. Sam-
son-United Corporation. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit
Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit denied.
No. 524. Miller Land and Livestock Co., petitioner, v. Frank Bo-
gart. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of Appeals
for the Ninth Circuit denied.
No. 521. Public Service Corporation of New Jersey, petitioner, v.
Securities and Exchange Commission. Petition for writ of certiorari
to the Circuit Court of Appeals for the Third Circuit denied. Mr.
Justice Douglas took no part in the consideration or decision of this
application.
No. 516. Eunice E. Eastman, petitioner, v. Guaranty Trust Com-
pany of New York et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit
Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit denied. Mr. Justice Roberts
and Mr. Justice Douglas took no part in the consideration or decision
of this application.
No. 507. Forrest Holiday, petitioner, v. The United States of
America. The motion for leave to proceed in forma pauperis is

MONDAY, DECEMBER 14, 1942
87
granted. The petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of
Appeals for the Eighth Circuit is denied.
No. 167. Stephen McBee, an Incompetent, etc., petitioner, v. The
United States of America. The motion for leave to proceed in forma
pauperis is granted. The petition for writ of certiorari to the Cir-
cuit Court of Appeals for the Tenth Circuit is denied.
No. 437. Robert W. Halliday et al., petitioners, v. State of Ohio,
ex rel. S. H. Squire, Superintendent, etc., et al.;
No. 438. Robert W. Halliday et al., petitioners, v. State of Ohio,
ex rel. S. H. Squire, Superintendent, etc., et al.;
No. 439. Robert W. Halliday et al., petitioners, v. State of Ohio,
ex rel. S. H. Squire, Superintendent, etc., et al.;
No. 451. Norman Baker, petitioner, v. Walter A. Hunter, Suc-
cessor to Robert H. Hudspeth, as Warden, etc.; and
No. 462. Philip Harry Koolish et al., Individually, etc., petition-
ers, v. Federal Trade Commission. Petitions for rehearing denied.
ORDER
The Court will take a recess from Monday, December 21, until Mon-
day, January 4, 1943.
No. 201. American Medical Association, a corporation, petitioner,
v. The United States of America; and
No. 202. The Medical Society of the District of Columbia, a cor-
poration, petitioner, v. The United States of America. Argument
continued by Mr. Assistant Attorney General Arnold for the re-
spondent and concluded by Mr. William E. Leahy for the petitioners.
No. 183. Thomas J. Pendergast, petitioner, v. The United States
of America;
No. 186. Robert Emmet O'Malley, petitioner, v. The United States
of America; and
No. 187. A. L. McCormack, petitioner, v. The United States of
America. Four hours allowed for oral argument. Argument com-
menced by Mr. Ralph M. Russell for the petitioner in No. 186; and
continued by Mr. John G. Madden for the petitioner in No. 183; and
by Mr. William S. Hogsett for the respondent.
Adjourned until tomorrow at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Tuesday, December 15, will be as follows: Nos 183
(186 and 187), 246, 218, 245, 248, 385, 254, 268, 269, and 278.
☑

TUESDAY, DECEMBER 15, 1942
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
88
Present: The Chief Justice, Mr. Justice Roberts, Mr. Justice
Black, Mr. Justice Reed, Mr. Justice Frankfurter, Mr. Justice
Douglas, Mr. Justice Murphy, and Mr. Justice Jackson.
Richard S. Kaplan, of Gary, Ind.; Thomas Sweeney, of Taylor-
ville, Ill.; Arthur C. Brown, of Kansas City, Mo.; Albert S. Gaston,
of Mobile, Ala.; Adolph H. Levy, of Los Angeles, Calif.; Sylvester
Hoffman, of Los Angeles, Calif.; Joseph D. Buscher, of Silver
Spring, Md.; Henry S. Reuss, of Milwaukee, Wis.; and Emmett A.
Scanlan, Jr., of Kansas City, Mo., were admitted to practice.
No. 183. Thomas J. Pendergast, petitioner, v. The United States of
America;
No. 186. Robert Emmet O'Malley, petitioner, v. The United States
of America; and
No. 187. A. L. McCormack, petitioner, v. The United States of
America. Argument continued by Mr. William S. Hogsett for the
respondent and concluded by Mr. Herbert W. Wechsler for the re-
spondent and submitted by Mr. James E. Carroll for the petitioner
in No. 187.
No. 246. Charles Coryell et al., petitioners, v. John S. Phipps et al.
Argued by Mr. T. Catesby Jones for the petitioners and by Mr.
Eugene Underwood and Mr. Chauncey I. Clark for the respondents.
No. 218. Terminal Railroad Association of St. Louis, appellant,
v. Brotherhood of Railroad Trainmen et al. Argument commenced
by Mr. Bruce A. Campbell for the appellant.
Adjourned until tomorrow at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Wednesday, December 16, will be as follows: Nos.
218, 245, 248, 385, 268, 254, 269, 278, 296, and 303.
488078-42――31

WEDNESDAY, DECEMBER 16, 1942
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
89
Present: The Chief Justice, Mr. Justice Roberts, Mr. Justice Black,
Mr. Justice Reed, Mr. Justice Frankfurter, Mr. Justice Douglas, Mr.
Justice Murphy, and Mr. Justice Jackson.
John Alden Willey, of Fresno, Calif.; Bernard M. Acher, of Wash-
ington, D. C.; Frank L. Heathco, of Washington, D. C.; and John
Knox, of Chicago, Ill., were admitted to practice.
No. 218. Terminal Railroad Association of St. Louis, appellant, v.
Brotherhood of Railroad Trainmen et al. Argument continued by Mr.
Bruce A. Campbell for the appellant; by Mr. William C. Wines and
Mr. Alvin E. Stein for the appellees; and concluded by Mr. Bruce A.
Campbell for the appellant.
No. 245. Ziffrin, Incorporated, appellant, v. The United States of
America et al. Argued by Mr. Ira Howell Ellis for the appellant and
by Mr. Daniel H. Kunkel for the appellees.
No. 248. The United States of America, appellant, v. William F.
Monia and L. Aubrey Williams. Argued by Mr. Edward H. Miller
for the appellants and by Mr. A. L. Hodson for the appellees.
No. 385. Natural Milk Producers Association of California, a cor-
poration, et al., appellants, v. The City and County of San Francisco
et al. Argument commenced by Mr. Philip S. Ehrlich for the appel-
lants.
Adjourned until tomorrow at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Thursday, December 17, will be as follows: Nos.
385, 268, 254, 269, 278, 296, and 366.
✓
488078-42——32

THURSDAY, DECEMBER 17, 1942
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
90
Present: The Chief Justice, Mr. Justice Roberts, Mr. Justice Black,
Mr. Justice Reed, Mr. Justice Frankfurter, Mr. Justice Douglas, Mr.
Justice Murphy, and Mr. Justice Jackson.
Thomas H. Matters, Jr., of New York City; Darrell M. Hanna, of
Sioux City, Iowa; Manuel I. Abella, of Washinton, D. C.; Henry S.
Janon, of St. Louis, Mo.; Nathaniel L. Nathanson, of Chicago, Ill.;
and Walter T. Margetts, Jr., of New York City, were admitted to
practice.
No. 385. Natural Milk Producers Association of California, a cor-
poration, et al., appellants, v. The City and County of San Francisco
et al. Argument continued by Mr. Philip S. Ehrlich for the appel-
lants; by Mr. Henry Heidelberg for the appellees; and concluded
by Mr. Herbert Levy for the appellees.
No. 268. Sterling P. Harris, Administrator, etc., petitioner, v. Zion
Savings Bank and Trust Company. Argued by Mr. J. D. Skeen for
the petitioner and by Mr. Hadlond P. Thomas for the respondent.
No. 254. Securities and Exchange Commission, petitioner, v.
Chenery Corporation et al. Argument commenced by Mr. Chester T.
Lane for the petitioner.
Adjourned until tomorrow at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Friday, December 18, will be as follows: Nos. 254,
269, 278, and 366.
✓
488078-42-33

FRIDAY, DECEMBER 18, 1942
91
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: The Chief Justice, Mr. Justice Roberts, Mr. Justice Black,
Mr. Justice Reed, Mr. Justice Frankfurter, Mr. Justice Douglas, Mr.
Justice Murphy, and Mr. Justice Jackson.
No. 254. Securities and Exchange Commission, petitioner, v.
Chenery Corporation et al. Argument concluded by Mr. Spencer
Gordon for the respondents.
No. 269. Margaret M. Brady, as Administratrix, etc., petitioner, v.
Roosevelt Steamship Company, Inc. Argued by Mr. Simone N. Gazan
for the petitioner and by Mr. Vernon S. Jones for the respondent.
No. 278. Murray R. Spies, petitioner, v. The United States of
America. Argued by Mr. David V. Cahill for the petitioner and by
Mr. Assistant Attorney General Clark for the respondent.
Adjourned until Monday, December 21, at 12 o'clock.
488078-42- -34

MONDAY, DECEMBER 21, 1942
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
92
Present: The Chief Justice, Mr. Justice Roberts, Mr. Justice Black,
Mr. Justice Reed, Mr. Justice Frankfurter, Mr. Justice Douglas, Mr.
Justice Murphy, and Mr. Justice Jackson.
Dorothy Roth Wilson, of Washington, D. C.; Jack Goldberg, of
Washington, D. C.; Thomas Hamer Finn, of New York City; Everett
Alex Mathews, of San Francisco, Calif.; and Joseph Thomas Murphy,
of Philadelphia, Pa., were admitted to practice.
The Honorable Calvert Magruder, United States Circuit Judge,
addressed the Court as follows:
"May it please the Court:
"The members of the Bar of the Supreme Court met earlier this
morning to do honor to the memory of Mr. Justice Brandeis. Fitting
addresses were made by Judge Learned Hand, Mr. Paul Freund and
Senator Norris, after which the meeting voted certain resolutions
which I am directed to present to the Court.
""RESOLUTIONS
"'Mr. Justice Brandeis, having retired on February 13, 1939. from
regular active service on the bench, died in Washington, D. C., on
October 5, 1941, shortly before his eighty-fifth birthday. Thus, in
the fullness of time, ended an august career. The members of the
Bar have met in the Supreme Court Building on December 21, 1942,
to commemorate him as one of the great figures of our profession and
of the country's history, to survey his accomplishment, and, in the
contemplation of a dedicated life, to fortify our courage and faith
in the task of achieving the gracious civilization for which he so
mightily strove.
The
"'Louis Dembitz Brandeis was born in Louisville, Ky., on Novem-
ber 13, 1856. His parents, Adolph and Fredericka Dembitz Brandeis,
cultivated Bohemian Jews, and his scholarly uncle, Lewis Dembitz,
had come to this country a few years before, in quest of liberty.
son from his early youth was thus imbued with an active devotion to
free institutions and to the processes of democracy as a means of
enhancing the dignity and releasing the potentialities of the common
488078-42-35

MONDAY, DECEMBER 21, 1942
93
man. After studying in the public schools of Louisville he went
abroad, and for two years attended the Annen Realschule in Dresden.
During this period there was some suggestion that he prepare for a
medical or academic career in Europe, but he held to his resolve to
return to America and to study law.
"Without a college degree he entered the Harvard Law School in
1875, at the age of eighteen. His father's fortune having been lost in
the panic of 1873, Brandeis earned his way by tutoring fellow stu-
dents. He made a preeminent scholastic record at the law school.
Though not yet of the required age of twenty-one, he was given his
LL.B. degree in 1877 by special vote of the Harvard Corporation.
His intellectual distinction and prepossessing manner opened to him
all gates in Boston and Cambridge. At this time he met Oliver Wen-
dell Holmes. The acquaintanceship was destined to grow into an inti-
mate and tender friendship through a long period of distinguished
service of the two as colleagues on the Supreme Court of the United
States.
""After a further year of graduate study in Cambridge, Brandeis
was admitted to the bar and practiced for some months in St. Louis,
Mo. In 1879 he returned to Boston and entered into partnership with
his classmate Samuel D. Warren under the firm name of Warren &
Brandeis. Warren retired from practice in 1893, other partners were
taken in, and in 1897 the name was changed to Brandeis, Dunbar &
Nutter. Brandeis remained in this firm until 1916, when he was
appointed to the bench.
"'In his early years of practice in Boston perhaps his major outside
interest was in the growth and development of the Harvard Law
School. He helped James Bradley Thayer collect materials for his
notable course on constitutional law, and procured funds which en-
abled the School to appoint Holmes to the faculty. In 1882-83
Brandeis taught the course on evidence, but he declined an assistant
professorship. In 1886 he was the prime mover in the formation of
the Harvard Law School Association and for many years thereafter
he served as its secretary. He rendered valuable assistance, financial
and other, in the founding of the Harvard Law Review in 1886-87, the
first of the academic periodicals which have become so lively and
significant a part of legal education, not only for law students, but also
for the bench and bar. His pioneering article on "The Right to
Privacy" (as coauthor with his partner Warren) appeared in an early
issue of the Review. In recognition of his services, Harvard Univer-
sity awarded him the honorary degree of Master of Arts in 1891.
""Though not in chronological order, it is appropriate at this point
to mention another educational interest with which he was much pre-
occupied in later years. In 1924 he formulated, and in succeeding

MONDAY, DECEMBER 21, 1942
94
years gave wise guidance to, a broad-visioned program for the upbuild-
ing of the law school and the general library of the University of
Louisville, in the city of his birth. His thesis was that to become
great "a university must express the people whom it serves, and must
express the people and the community at their best." His generous
gifts of money constituted the least important part of his contribution.
He gave painstaking thought to the educational problems involved,
laid the broad foundations, and sketched the lines of sound develop-
ment. In the pamphlet "Mr. Justice Brandeis and the University of
Louisville" Bernard Flexner tells the story of this great enterprise,
which the Justice initiated and followed through with characteristic
idealism, imagination, and scrupulous attention to detail. This proj-
ect was all of a piece with one of his firmest convictions: that the
strength of America lies in diversity, not uniformity; that local cul-
tures and traditions should be preserved and fostered, a sense of local
responsibility quickened, local leadership evoked and encouraged.
"'By 1890 Brandeis had built up a varied and lucrative practice and
had established himself as one of the leaders of the Boston bar. He
steadfastly maintained the independent standing of the profession and
never hesitated to impress upon his clients the obligations that go with
power. It was characteristic of him that whatever problem he dealt
with, his concern went beyond the winning of a victory for his client.
With intense concentration he mastered the facts, however intricate;
then shrewdly appraised their social significance; and finally with
technical skill, inventiveness, and imagination, and with objective con-
sideration of diverse conflicting interests, he devised the means of
long-range adjustment or solution.
"In conscientious performance of his duty as a citizen, he found
time more and more to devote his talents, without retainer, to various
public causes. Thus he played a major part in the fight to preserve
the Boston municipal subway system, in devising and establishing the
Boston sliding-scale gas system, and in opposing the New Haven Rail-
road's monopoly of transportation in New England. His investiga-
tion of the abuses and tragic inadequacies of so-called industrial insur-
ance led him to draft and procure the adoption by the Massachusetts
Legislature of the savings bank life insurance plan which, under his
watchful guidance, became established on a firm foundation. In these
provocative activities he did not escape the shafts of criticism and
personal abuse; notwithstanding this, he calmly held his ground,
confident of ultimate vindication. He was sometimes called a cru-
sader, and so he was. But he had qualities too often lacking in the
crusader a sure grasp of concrete fact, a constructive mind and, also,
patience. He never tired of urging the steady improvement of society
by "small reforms"-steps forward which were of intrinsic impor-

MONDAY, DECEMBER 21, 1942
95
tance, but which did not alter the basic pattern of our institutions,
nor overtax the capacities and imagination of men.
""The country is vastly indebted to him for his creative work in
the field of labor relations, in dispelling misunderstandings between
management and labor, and in making collective bargaining an effec-
tive instrument for industrial peace. He successfully arbitrated or
conciliated many labor disputes. In 1910 he was arbiter of a serious
strike in the New York City garment trade. Not content with settling
the immediate dispute, he devised the famous "protocol" for the
permanent government of labor relations in the industry, with pro-
vision for the preferential union shop, for a Joint Board of Sanitary
Control, and for a continuing Board of Arbitration composed of
representatives of the public as well as of the employers and the
union. The procedures thus developed and successfully tested served
as a model in other industries. For several years he served as im-
partial chairman of this board of arbitration.
"Recognizing his grasp of intricate economic problems, the Inter-
state Commerce Commission engaged him in 1913 as special counsel
to develop the facts relevant to the application of the Eastern rail-
roads for permission to put into effect a horizontal 5-percent increase
of freight rates.
"In a series of papers and public addresses he challenged the
abuses of financial manipulation, and pointed out the dangers and
diminishing efficiency of undue concentration of financial power.
These, collected in the book "Other People's Money," exemplify ex-
traordinary powers of analysis and lucid exposition, and state
forcefully some of the dominant ideas of his life-ideas which, as
intellectual working tools of great power, have had profound in-
fluence on thinking and on events. They are among the major
contributions to American thought of the last half century, and
have grown into our culture as the statement and fulfillment of some
of its richest and most characteristic themes.
"One of the most significant activities of his career at the bar
was his advocacy of the constitutionality of state minimum wage and
maximum hour legislation. With intelligent utilization of the doc-
trine of judicial notice, his unconventional type of legal brief went
beyond the citation of legal precedent and set forth the social and
economic background out of which the need for the legislation arose,
together with all relevant scientific material, expert opinion, and
experience in other states and lands in dealing with comparable
problems. Thus the "Brandeis brief," as it came to be called, lifted
the issue of due process of law under the Fifth and Fourteenth
Amendments out of the realm of the abstract and placed it in its
proper setting of contemporary fact.

MONDAY, DECEMBER 21, 1942
96
"In 1914-16 Brandeis was chairman of the Provisional Committee
for General Zionist Affairs, and thereafter remained in the fore-
front of the movement to develop the Jewish National Home in Pal-
estine. In this great creative activity, he saw the fulfillment of a
prophetic vision, the building of a haven of refuge against storms of
intolerance and oppression, and the opportunity to realize his most
cherished ideals of democracy and social justice. In the document
known as the Zeeland Memorandum drafted by him in 1920 as a state-
ment of proposed Zionist policy, there is exhibited in striking fashion
his insight, his humanity, his practical idealism, his grasp of detail,
his insistence upon sound financial management and efficient organi-
zation.
"By appointment of President Wilson, Brandeis took his seat as
Associate Justice of the Supreme Court on June 5, 1916. Its fortu-
nate outcome is all that will be remembered of the long and bitter fight
over his confirmation by the Senate. Though he was one of the few
men who came to the Court without having previously held judicial
or other public office, his career at the bar and experience in large
affairs constituted a magnificent preparation for the tasks of judicial
statecraft. In 528 opinions during twenty-three years of service, he
found occasion to deal with all the issues, large and small, which come
before the Court-problems of federalism, jurisdiction and venue, ad-
ministrative law, patents and copyrights, bankruptcy, finance, public
utilities, monopoly and restraint of trade, labor relations, civil rights,
and the law of the public domain. The solid stuff of his opinions is set
forth to advantage by a simple, straightforward, lucid style, without
rhetorical flourish. Noteworthy illustration of his judicial work may
be found in his opinions on the economic and constitutional problems
of public utility valuation, and in his opinions on the rights of free
speech and other civil liberties, in peace and in war, which have won
high place among the best of our Anglo-American legal literature.
To borrow the words of Chief Justice Hughes, Mr. Justice Brandeis
was "the master of both microscope and telescope. Nothing of im-
portance, however minute, escapes his microscopic examination of
every problem, and, through his powerful telescopic lens, his mental
vision embraces distant scenes ranging far beyond the familiar worlds
of conventional thinking." How the future will regard his judicial
work it is not for us to say, but this much is certain: from our contem-
porary viewpoint, Mr. Justice Brandeis stands with the half dozen
giants of our law, wise, strong, and good.
"In his own person, with the ready cooperation of his wife and
children, Mr. Justice Brandeis practiced his austere preachment to
others of "simple living, high thinking, and hard work." His mar-
riage in 1891 to Alice Goldmark gave him warm intellectual com-

MONDAY, DECEMBER 21, 1942
97
radeship and a happy home which sustained and fortified him through-
out a long and vigorous career. The serenity of spirit which he
achieved, and retained to the last, was the due reward of his dedica-
tion of great gifts to great purposes. His personal influence on young
people was remarkable; in an age of cynicism and materialism they
learned from him that life had not lost its spiritual meaning. Count-
less men and women, of all ages and walks of life, came to him as to a
sage and counsellor and went away with lifted hearts and a new insight.
""Wherefore, it is
““Resolved, That we, the Bar of the Supreme Court of the United
States, express our grievous sense of loss upon the death of Mr. Jus-
tice Brandeis, that we acknowledge our professional debt to him for
his exemplification in word and deed of so lofty a conception of the
lawyer's calling, and that we give grateful recognition to the endur-
ing contributions made by him to the enrichment of our national life:
It is further
"Resolved, That the Chairman of our Committee on Resolutions
be directed to present these resolutions to the Court, with the prayer
that they be embodied in its permanent records.'
"That concludes the reading of the resolutions. As directed by the
Bar, I now move that these resolutions be received by the Court and
made a part of its permanent records."
Mr. Attorney General Biddle addressed the Court, as follows:
"Mr. Chief Justice and Members of the Court:
"We are gathered today to honor the memory of a great Amer-
ican-Louis D. Brandeis. In paying our tribute to that memory we
speak for the Bar and the Bench. Yet we speak too not only as law-
yers, gathered to record his extraordinary contribution to the pro-
fession in which we have spent our lives, but as Americans, joined
now for a moment that we may try to express what he did for our
country. It is timely that at this moment we should think of Mr.
Justice Brandeis in this broader sense, for those inherent values
that he held dear are being desperately defended throughout the
world. As we fight today we are redefining among ourselves and
among those with whom we are allied the meaning and the reality of
those values. If this war touches us more deeply than any war, it is
to the extent that we feel the essentials of our freedom beyond the
sounds of words that we and others have spoken. To ourselves we
must, day by bitter day, rediscover and reaffirm what constitutes our
old American faith.
"Brandeis spent his life in such a continued reaffirmation. I sug-
gest, Mr. Chief Justice, that here is a very rare and very moving
thing to remember; to remember again in the years that will come
after this war, terrible years, or years of hope and growth, according

MONDAY, DECEMBER 21, 1942
98
as we shape them. Today again men are dying for the faith they
cherish; Brandeis lived for that same faith, quietly dedicated his life
to the service of his country. To be sure he was too fundamentally
simple to think of anything he did as a dedication. But as much as
anyone I have ever known he was innately selfless. Nor was it the
selflessness of a man who held off the world. Brandeis lived in-
tensely in his world—a world where the economic struggle for power,
the wretched inequalities between comfort and suffering, the failure
of the accepted democratic processes to give scope to the needs of a
new industrial era enlisted his heart as well as his mind.
"His preparation for his twenty-three years on this Court thus
transcended his wide and varied experience in practice which had
brought him to the front of his profession. But in the practice
the same qualities stood forth: there was the battle for cheap
insurance which led to the adoption of the savings banks insurance
legislation in Massachusetts; the successful campaign for lower gas
rates in Boston; the Ballinger-Pinchot investigation which resulted
in centering public attention on the vital need of immediate and
effective conservation programs; his chairmanship of the board of
arbitration in the needle trades; his representation of the interests of
consumers and workmen in many fields.
"Although he was frugal and ascetic, living a life of steady con-
centration and immense work on the problems before him, his single-
ness of purpose never limited the friendly sympathy of his nature,
or the curiosity of his mind. He was without prejudices, as he was
without clichés. The asceticism and his fundamentally moral out-
look gave him in the eyes of many of his friends the quality of a
saint. Mr. Justice Holmes felt this reverence for his younger asso-
ciate. 'Whenever he left my house,' Holmes wrote of him in 1932,
'I was likely to say to my wife, "There goes a really good man
"In the moments of discouragement that we all pass
through, he always has had the happy word that lifts up one's heart.
It came from knowledge, experience, courage, and the high way in
which he always has taken life.'
*
*
"Yet Justice Brandeis had none of the mystic essence which we
associate with sainthood. He was practical, realistic, patient, per-
sistent. He brought the mind of a trained social scientist to the
analysis of legal opinion and decision, a method which is beautifully
illustrated in his brief in support of the Oregon law fixing a ten-
hour day for women wage earners. Three pages argue the law; the
other ninety-seven diagnose factory conditions and their effect on
individual workers and the public health. This approach has had a
profound influence on the method of presenting arguments in cases
involving social legislation, and, I suggest, on the outlook of courts

MONDAY, DECEMBER 21, 1942
99
to social problems. That judges today are more realistic, less given
to the assumption of accepted dogmas, more mature and more curious-
minded, is largely due to the influences of Brandeis. 'What we must
do in America,' he once said, a few years before he was made a judge,
'is not to attack our judges but to educate them. All judges should
be made to feel, as many judges already do, that the things needed to
protect liberty are radically different from what they were fifty years
back
*. In the past the courts have reached their conclusions
largely deductively from preconceived notions and precedents. The
method I have tried to employ in arguing cases before them has been
inductive, reasoning from the facts.'
* *
* * *
"I hesitate to suggest that Brandeis had a philosophy of life for I
do not think of him primarily as a philosopher. Do not philosophers
deal with generalities that take shapes of the universal and glitter
above and below the realm of the restless particular? Unlike Mr.
Justice Holmes, who, distrustful though he was of the essences, yet
felt that the nature of man was to indulge in their formulation, Bran-
deis, clear in his first principles, was truly empirical in his preoccupa-
tions. While Holmes' doubts were philosophic, Brandeis' were
scientific. 'I have no general philosophy,' he said. 'All my life I have
thought only in connection with the facts that came before me
We need not so much reason as to see and understand facts and condi-
tions.' He believed profoundly that behind every argument is
someone's ignorance, and that disputes generally arise from misunder-
standing. President Wilson knew this when, after the hearings on
the Justice's appointment which had lasted for three months, he wrote
Senator Culbertson, the chairman of the Judiciary Committee: 'I can-
not speak too highly of his impartial, impersonal, orderly, and con-
structive mind, his rare analytical powers, his deep human sympathy,
his profound acquaintance with the historical roots of our institu-
tions
* * his knowledge of economic conditions and the way
they bear upon the masses of the people.'
*
"Mr. Justice Brandeis' fundamental thought running through the
whole frame and direction of his efforts, was always of man-'Man (to
quote Albert Lief) struggling with oppressive forces in society. Man's
right to full development. The infinite possibilities in human creative-
ness. Man's limitations, too. But especially the breadth of national
achievement which can come when energies are released.' He voiced
this approach many times, never more profoundly than in his testi-
mony before the Commission on Industrial Relations in 1914, more
remarkable for having been delivered extemporaneously. 'We must,'
he told the Committee, ‘bear in mind all the time that however much
we may desire material improvement and must desire it for the com-
fort of the individual, the United States is a democracy and that we

MONDAY, DECEMBER 21, 1942
100
must have, above all things, men. It is the development of manhood
to which any industrial and social system should be directed.'
*
*
*
"That, I believe, was the chief reason why he was so deeply con-
cerned with the growth of huge corporations as presenting a grave
danger to American Democracy by what he called 'capitalizing free
Americans.' In his dissenting opinion in Liggett v. Lee he spoke of the
'widespread belief
that by the control which the few have
exerted through giant corporations, individual initiative and effort are
being paralyzed, creative power impaired, and human happiness less-
ened; that the true prosperity of our past came not from big business,
but through the courage, the energy, and the resourcefulness of small
men
* * *"
"His belief, therefore, in preserving our fundamental rights pro-
tected by the Constitution, was no matter of individual preference,
however strongly felt; a free climate of thought is indispensable for
the development of individual men. 'Those who won our independ-
ence,' he wrote in a concurring opinion in Whitney v. California, 'be-
lieved that the final end of the State was to make men free to develop
their faculties; and that in its government the deliberative forces
should prevail over the arbitrary. They valued liberty both as an
end and as a means. They believed liberty to be the secret of
happiness, and courage to be the secret of liberty. They believed
that freedom to think as you will and to speak as you think
are means indispensable to the discovery and spread of political truth;
that without free speech and assembly discussion would be futile; that
with them, discussion affords ordinarily adequate protection against
the dissemination of noxious doctrine; that the greatest menace to
freedom is an inert people; that public discussion is a political duty;
and that this should be a fundamental principle of the American
government.'
"He believed in seeking ‘for betterment within the broad lines of
existing institutions,' as he once wrote Robert W. Bruère, for progress
is necessarily slow, and remedies necessarily tentative. 'The develop-
ment of the individual is,' he added, 'both a necessary means and the
end sought. For our objective is the making of men and women who
shall be free, self-respecting members of a democracy-and who shall
be worthy of respect * *. The great developer is responsibility.'
*
"He believed, never doubting, in Democracy. But he knew it to be
a serious undertaking which 'substitutes self-restraint for external
restraint.' He knew also that Democracy 'demands continuous sacri-
fice by the individual and more exigent obedience to the moral law
than any other form of government.' Its success may proceed from
the individual, and 'his development is attained mainly in the process
of common living.'
488078-42-36

MONDAY, DECEMBER 21, 1942
101
"And so Brandeis believed that every man in this country should
have an actual opportunity, and not only what he termed 'a paper
opportunity.' He was convinced that industrial unrest would not be
removed until the worker was given, through some method, a share in
the management and responsibility of the business. The social jus-
tice for which we are striving was for him not the end but a necessary
incident of our democracy. The end is the development of the people
by self-government in the fullest sense, which involves industrial as
well as political democracy.
"Thus holding that Democracy was based on the theory that men
were entitled to the pursuit of life and of happiness, and that equal
opportunity advances civilization, he saw the threat to this way of
life from the opposing view that one race was superior to the other.
Less than a year after the first World War had begun he expressed
this fundamental difference of conception, speaking before the New
Century Club in Boston, twenty-seven years ago: 'America,' he said,
'dedicated to liberty and the brotherhood of man, rejected heretofore
the arrogant claim that one European race is superior to another.
America has believed that each race had something of peculiar value
which it could contribute to the attainment of those high ideals for
which it is striving. America has believed that in differentiation, not
in uniformity, lies the path of progress. Acting on this belief, it has
advanced human happiness and it has prospered.'
"Today Brandeis takes his place in the moving stream of history
as a great American whose life work brought nearer to fulfillment the
essentially American belief in equality of opportunity and individual
freedom-the dream that Jefferson, whom Brandeis once referred to
as the 'first civilized American,' had cherished, and Lincoln, sprung
from such different roots. Brandeis is in their tradition, the American
tradition of those who affirm the integrity of men and women."
The Chief Justice directed that the resolutions be received and
spread upon the minutes of the Court.
The Chief Justice said:
"Mr. Attorney General, you are right in speaking of Justice
Brandeis as a great American. It is because he was a great Amer-
ican, devoted to the law, using the lawyer's learning with skill, re-
sourcefulness and, above all, with wisdom, that he was a great lawyer
and law giver. We think of him as a great American because of
his abiding faith in the principles of liberty, justice, and equality of
opportunity which were proclaimed by those characteristically
American documents, the first Virginia Bill of Rights, the Declara-
tion of Independence, and the Constitution. His Americanism con-

MONDAY, DECEMBER 21, 1942
102
templated a society in which our continued adherence to those prin-
ciples of government should, in all the vicissitudes of our history,
bring to every man the opportunity to live the good and efficient
life.
"For him those principles were not concerned alone with the
tyrannies of eighteenth century government which gave them birth.
They were equally to be taken as guaranties that the social and
economic injustices which attend the development of a dynamic and
increasingly complex society should not prevail. In his mind the
phrase 'law and order' meant more than the suppression of lawless
violence by government. It signified a state of society to be achieved
by a new and better understanding of social values, and by just laws
which should check those social forces that in a changing order tend
to withhold from men freedom and equality of opportunity. Only
as we are aware of his passion for freedom and justice for all men,
and of the means by which he translated it into action through a
profound understanding of both the function of law in a changing
world and the techniques by which law may be adapted to the needs
of a free society, do we gain insight into the true sources of his
power and influence as a judge.
"Most progress in the law has been won by those who have had
the vision to perceive the necessity for bringing under its protection
or suitable control the forces which, for good or evil, affect the good
order and freedom of society, and who, seeing, have possessed the
craftsmanship with which to make the necessary adjustment of old
laws to new needs. Progress in the law has never been easy or swift.
Apart from the legitimate demand for continuity in a system of law
founded on precedent, we have sometimes been slow to perceive those
resemblances which call for the extension of old precedents to new
facts and events, and those differences of the new from the old which
make necessary the qualification of precedent or the development of
new doctrine.
"Some centuries passed before judges and legislators were per-
suaded that the law should take notice of fraud or deceit as well as
robbery and larceny, and before they recognized that if the law com-
pels men to perform contracts it should equally impose an obligation
to repay money procured through fraud or mistake. When Lord.
Mansfield was engaged in his great work of adapting a feudal com-
mon law to the requirements of a commercial England, his studies
of the practices of merchants as a basis for an enlightened expansion
of the law were regarded as a daring judicial innovation. The in-
novation was, in truth, no more and no less than the application of
all the resources of the creative mind to the perpetual problem of

MONDAY, DECEMBER 21, 1942
103
attuning the law to the world in which it is to function. It was
such a mind that Justice Brandeis brought to the service of the coun-
try and of this Court, when he took his seat on the Bench in 1916.
The twentieth century had already brought to the courts new problems
which had been as little envisaged by the law as had been the customs
and practices of merchants before Mansfield's day. The demands for
the protection of the interests of workingmen and for the creation of
new administrative agencies, the growing inequalities in bargaining
power of different classes in the community, and the recognized need
for repressing monopoly and for regulating public utilities and large
aggregations of capital, all called for the adaptation of the principles
of the common law and of constitutional interpretation to new sub-
jects, which often bore but a superficial resemblance to those with
which lawyers and judges had been traditionally concerned.
"These were problems to tax the technical skill and training of
lawyers and judges, but their solution demanded also sympathetic
understanding of their nature and of the part which the legal tradi-
tions of yesterday can appropriately play in securing the ordered
society of today. In the long history of the law few judges have been
so richly endowed for such an undertaking as was Justice Brandeis.
His career at the Bar had revealed his constant interest in finding ways
by which the existing machinery of the law could continue to serve the
good order of society notwithstanding the new stresses to which it was
being subjected.
"Despite the demands of a busy practice he had had the inclination
and had found the time to give freely of his professional services for
the protection of the public from the abuses of monopoly and the
misuse of financial power, from the injury suffered where labor dis-
putes are not adjusted by peaceable means, and from the wrongs
inflicted by the misconduct of recreant public officials. In all this his
aims were persistently constructive. Aware that permanent gain in
social progress, because of its very nature, must be slow, he was content
with small reforms, with few steps at a time and short ones, so long as
they were forward. He was convinced that progress would not ulti-
mately be attained by resort to methods which required any surrender
of his ideal of freedom and justice for all; that our constitutional
system, administered with wisdom and good will, had within it all the
potentialities for realization of that ideal without altering the essential
character of our institutions. Social conscience and vision, infinite
patience, an extraordinary capacity for sustained intellectual effort,
and serene confidence that truth revealed will ultimately prevail, were
the special gifts of character and personality which he devoted to his
judicial service. These are gifts seldom united in any one person, but

MONDAY, DECEMBER 21, 1942
104
they would have been inadequate for the task without his insight into
the true significance of a system of law which is the product of some
700 years of Anglo-American legal history.
"Justice Brandeis knew that throughout the development of the
common law the judge's decision of today, which is also the precedent
for tomorrow, has drawn its inspiration-and the law itself has de-
rived its vitality and capacity for growth-from the very facts which,
in every case, frame the issue for decision. And so, as the first step
to decision, he sought complete acquaintance with the facts as the
generative source of the law. By exhaustive research to discover the
social and economic need and consequences of regulation of wages and
hours of labor, of rate-making for public utilities, of the sources and
evils of monopoly, and in many another field, he laid the firm founda-
tion of those judicial decisions which for nearly a quarter of a century
were to point the way for the development of law adapted to the in-
dustrial civilization of the twentieth century. For what availed it
that judges and lawyers knew all the laws in the ancient books, if they
were unaware of the significance of the new experience to which those
laws were now to be applied. In the facts, quite as much as in the legal
principles set down in the lawbooks, he found the materials for the
synthesis of judicial decision. In that synthesis the law itself was
but the means to a social end-the protection and control of those
interests in society which are the special concern of government and
hence of law.
"This end was to be attained within the limits set by the command
of Constitution and statutes, and the restraints of precedent and of
doctrines by common consent regarded as binding, through the rea-
sonable accommodation of the law to changing social and economic
needs. In such a process the law itself was on trial. The need for its
continuity was to be weighed against the pressing demands of new
facts, and in the light of the teachings of experience, out of which our
legal system has grown. These were the guideposts marking the way
to decision for Justice Brandeis, as they had been for other judges.
What gave his judicial career its high distinction was his clear recog-
nition that these are boundaries within which the judge has scope for
freedom of choice of the rule of law which he is to apply, and that
his choice within those limits may rightly depend upon social and
economic considerations whose weight may turn the scales of judg-
ment in favor of one rule rather than another.
"It is the fate of those who tread unfamiliar paths to be misunder-
stood. There were many, when Justice Brandeis came to this Court,
who had forgotten or never knew, and some perhaps who were not
interested in knowing, that this was the judicial process which,
throughout the history of the law, has in varying degree served to

MONDAY, DECEMBER 21, 1942
105
renew its vitality and to continue its capacity for growth. It was the
method of the great judges of the past, who had consciously or uncon-
sciously practiced the creative art by which familiar legal doctrines
have been moulded to the needs of a later day. This is better under-
stood today than it was twenty-five years ago. In the fullness of time
we have seen the shafts of criticism which were directed at Brandeis
the lawyer and Judge turned harmlessly aside by the general recogni-
tion of his integrity of mind and purpose and of his judicial wisdom.
"He was emphatic in placing the principles of constitutional de-
cision in a different category from those which are guides to decision
in cases where the law may readily be altered by legislative action.
He never lost sight of the fact that the Constitution is primarily
a great charter of government, and often repeated Marshall's words:
'it is a constitution we are expounding" "intended to endure for ages
to come, and, consequently, to be adapted to the various crisis of
human affairs.' Hence, its provisions were to be read not with the
narrow literalness of a municipal code or a penal statute, but so
that its high purposes should illumine every sentence and phrase
of the document and be given effect as a part of a harmonious frame-
work of government. Notwithstanding the doctrine of stare decisis,
judicial interpretations of the Constitution, since they were beyond
legislative correction, could not be taken as the final word. They
were open to reconsideration, in the light of new experience and
greater knowledge and wisdom. Emphasis of the purposes of the
Constitution as a charter of government, and the generality of its
restraints under the Due Process Clause, precluded the notion that
it had adopted any particular set of social and economic ideas, to
the exclusion of others which fair-minded men might hold, however
much he might disagree with them. He was the stalwart defender
of civil liberty and the rights of minorities. In the specific con-
stitutional guaranties of individual liberty and of freedom of speech
and religion, and in the adherence by all who wield the power of
government to the principles of the Constitution, he saw the great
safeguards of a free and progressive society.
"Justice Brandeis revered this Court as an institution which he
held to be the indispensable implement for the maintenance of our
federal system. He believed that the Court's continued strength and
influence depend more than all else upon the thoroughness, integrity
and disinterestedness with which its justices do its work. Because of
that belief he withdrew from every other activity; the work of the
Court was the absorbing interest of his life. Intelligent and disin-
terested study and the force of reason at the conference table he held
to be the only dependable guaranties of the adequate performance

MONDAY, DECEMBER 21, 1942
106
of its great task. Although often in the minority, he never sought or
desired any other assurance that the Court would meet its responsi-
bilities.
"Justice Brandeis's active judicial service covered a period of
twenty-three years, from 1916 to 1939. His opinions, appearing in
Volumes 242 to 305 of our reports, cover every phase of the wide
range of questions which came before the Court in this transition
period. They bear internal evidence of the prodigious labor and pains-
taking care with which they were prepared. In cases involving the
validity of legislation or the application of statute or common law
to new fact situations, his opinions, like his briefs at the Bar, give us
the results of his extensive researches into the social and economic
backgrounds of the questions presented, buttressed by expert opinion
and accounts of the experience in other states and countries. His
statements of fact and law were simple, direct, orderly, powerful, pro-
ceeding to their conclusion with convincing logic. In their discus-
sions of the principles of constitutional government and of civil lib-
erty they rise to heights of dignity and power which place them among
the great examples of legal literature. He was never willing to sacri-
fice clarity to the turn of a phrase, for he wished above all to be under-
stood. For laymen as well as lawyers his opinions are a compendium
of the legal aspects of the social and economic phenomena of our times.
Together they constitute one of the most important chapters of the
history of this Court.
"Apart from the work of the Court his life was centered in his
home and in the intimate associations with family and friends. His
substantial means were devoted largely to charity and by choice his
home life was austere in its simplicity. He exercised a unique per-
sonal influence over the lives of men and women, young and old,
who came to him from every walk of life to seek guidance and in-
spiration in his counsel. He revived their faith that-in a world
troubled by declining standards-right, justice, and truth must re-
main the guiding principles of human conduct. Despite his great
intellectual vigor and activity, his life was singularly placid, un-
ruffled by the misunderstandings or criticism of others, however
unmerited. This was the outer manifestation of an inner life, un-
troubled and serene, because given to great ends, with truth as the
ultimate goal.
"The time has not yet come to bring into its proper perspective
a career so unusual and so far reaching in its influence, but we can
appraise now the great service which he rendered by his devotion
and loyalty to the Court as an institution and by the scholarship,
integrity, and independence with which he performed his judicial

MONDAY, DECEMBER 21, 1942
107
labors. We know that because he sat as a judge on this Court the
course of constitutional interpretation has been altered and that
courts, in the process of adjudication, must henceforth, far more
than in the past, look for light beyond the law books to the experi-
ence of the world in which we live.
"We see him now as one of the influential men of his time-in
the words of the Resolution of the Bar, wise, strong, and good-
taking his rightful place among that small group of great figures
of the law who have given to it new strength, and to us renewed
assurance of its adequacy and hence that it will endure."
No. 29. O. B. Williams and Lillie Shaver Hendrix, petitioners, v.
The State of North Carolina. On writ of certiorari to the Supreme
Court of the State of North Carolina. Judgment reversed with costs
and cause remanded to the said Supreme Court for further proceed-
ings not inconsistent with the opinion of this Court. Opinion by
Mr. Justice Douglas. Concurring opinion by Mr. Justice Frankfur-
ter. Dissenting opinion by Mr. Justice Murphy. Dissenting opin-
ion by Mr. Justice Jackson.
No. 79. William A. Adams, Warden of the City Prison of Man-
hattan, and James E. Mulcahy, United States Marshal, petitioners, v.
The United States of America, ex rel. Gene McCann. On writ of cer-
tiorari to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Second
Circuit. Order of the Circuit Court of Appeals set aside and cause
remanded to the Circuit Court of Appeals for further proceedings in
conformity with the opinion of this Court. Opinion by Mr. Justice
Frankfurter. Dissenting opinion by Mr. Justice Douglas in which
Mr. Justice Black and Mr. Justice Murphy join. Dissenting opinion
by Mr. Justice Murphy.
No. 466. Department of Banking, State of Nebraska, as Receiver,
etc., petitioner, v. Louis H. Pink, Superintendent of Insurance, etc.
On petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of New York.
Petition for writ of certiorari denied for want of jurisdiction. Opin-
ion, per curiam, announced by Mr. Chief Justice Stone.
The Chief Justice announced the following orders of the Court:
No., original. Ex parte John Mosher, petitioner. The motion
for leave to file petition for writ of habeas corpus is denied.
No., original. Ex parte H. L. Meyers, petitioner. The motion
for leave to file petition for writ of certiorari is denied.
No. 319. Fidelity Assurance Association, a corporation, debtor,
et al., petitioners, v. Edgar B. Sims, Auditor, etc., et al. The motion

MONDAY, DECEMBER 21, 1942
108
of Ohio-Kentucky-Indiana Creditors Committee and A. Clyde Ross,
Trustee, for leave to file a brief as amici curiae is denied.
No. 558. Mrs. Ella Jamison, appellant, v. The State of Texas; and
No. 559. Daisy Largent, appellant, v. The State of Texas. In
these cases further consideration of the question of jurisdiction is
postponed to the argument on the merits. Counsel are requested to
discuss in their briefs and on the oral argument whether under the
law and practice of Texas the judgment can be fully reviewed on
this record by a higher state court by habeas corpus or other pro-
ceedings.
No. 530. The Swan Carburetor Company, petitioner. v. Chrysler
Corporation. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of
Appeals for the Sixth Circuit denied. Mr. Justice Roberts and Mr.
Justice Murphy took no part in the consideration or decision of this
application.
No. 475. Ray L. Berry, petitioner, v. State of Ohio. Petition for
writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Ohio denied.
No. 506. Jack Marks, petitioner, v. John H. Hoffman, Receiver,
etc. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of Harrison
County, West Virginia, denied.
No. 522. Katherine MacDonnell, petitioner, v. Bank of America
(a National Trust and Savings Association) et al. Petition for writ
of certiorari to the Circuit Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit
denied.
No. 527. Marcel Banke and George A. Gloor, petitioners, v. Nova-
del-Agene Corporation. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit
Court of Appeals for the Sixth Circuit denied.
No. 531. The Pennsylvania Company for Insurance on lives and
granting annuities, as Executor, etc., et al., petitioners, v. James Lee
Kauffman, as Executor, etc., et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to
the Supreme Court of New York denied.
No. 533. District Unemployment Compensation Board, petitioner.
v. International Reform Federation, a body corporate. Petition for
writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the Dis-
trict of Columbia denied.
No. 244. Antoinette Guiraudo Monks, appellant, v. Ida Nancy
Lee, et al.;
No. 364. William Bunn, petitioner, v. City of Atlanta; and
No. 561. Hiram R. Edwards, petitioner, v. The United States of
America. The petitions for rehearing are denied.
488078-42-37

MONDAY, DECEMBER 21, 1942
109
No. 381. Edmond L. Viles, petitioner, v. J. Foster Symes et al.
The motion for leave to file petition for rehearing is denied.
No. 584. Honorable Michael J. Roche, United States District
Judge etc., et al., petitioners, v. Evaporated Milk Association, et al.
Time within which to serve petition for writ of certiorari and record
extended to and including January 11, 1943.
Adjourned until Monday, January 4, 1943, at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Monday, January 4, 1943, will be as follows: Nos.
366, 296, 299 (and 329), 303, 320, 321 (and 322), 325, 327, 332,
and 300.
☑

MONDAY, JANUARY 4, 1943
110
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: The Chief Justice, Mr. Justice Roberts, Mr. Justice
Black, Mr. Justice Reed, Mr. Justice Frankfurter, Mr. Justice Doug-
las, Mr. Justice Murphy, and Mr. Justice Jackson.
Alvin Olaf West, of Nashville, Tenn.; Mary B. MacDonald, of
Ithaca, N. Y.; John W. MacDonald, of Ithaca, N. Y.; Fred Philip
Glick, of New York City; Charles Woodrow Tye, of Los Angeles,
Calif.; Albert W. Kauffmann, of Bridgeton, N. J.; Philip L. Lip-
man, of Vineland, N. J.; Warren C. Lummis, Jr., of Bridgeton,
N. J.; Carlyle E. Yates, of New York City; and J. Campbell Palmer
III, of Charleston, W. Va., were admitted to practice.
No. 246. Charles Coryell et al., petitioners, v. John S. Phipps and
George J. Pilkington. On writ of certiorari to the United States
Circuit Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit. Judgment affirmed
with costs and cause remanded to the District Court of the United
States for the Southern District of Florida. Opinion by Mr. Justice
Douglas.
No. 183. Thomas J. Pendergast, petitioner, v. The United States
of America;
No. 186. Robert Emmet O'Malley, petitioner, v. The United States
of America; and
No. 187. A. L. McCormack, petitioner, v. The United States of
America. On writs of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of
Appeals for the Eighth Circuit. Judgments reversed and cases re-
manded to the District Court of the United States for the Western
District of Missouri for further proceedings in conformity with the
opinion of this Court. Opinion by Mr. Justice Douglas. Mr. Justice
Murphy took no part in the consideration or decision of these cases.
Dissenting opinion by Mr. Justice Jackson. Separate opinion by Mr.
Justice Frankfurter.
No. 184. Henry A. Kieselbach and Olga M. Kieselbach, petitioners,
v. Commissioner of Internal Revenue. On writ of certiorari to the
United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Third Circuit. Judg-
ment affirmed and cause remanded to said Circuit Court of Appeals.
Opinion by Mr. Justice Reed.
No. 265. Clyde-Mallory Lines, petitioner, v. Steamship "Eglan-
tine" and the United States of America. On writ of certiorari to the
488078-43--38

MONDAY, JANUARY 4, 1943
111
United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit. Judg-
ment affirmed and cause remanded to the District Court of the United
States for the Eastern District of Louisiana. Opinion by Mr. Justice
Black.
No. 78. The United States of America, petitioner, v. Victor N.
Miller, also known as Vic Miller, John J. Humphrey, also known as
John J. Humphrey, Sr., etc., et al. On writ of certiorari to the United
States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit. Judgment of
the Circuit Court of Appeals reversed and judgment of the District
Court of the United States for the Northern District of California
affirmed. Opinion by Mr. Justice Roberts.
No. 93. Wm. A. Marshall, Deputy Commissioner, 14th Compensa-
tion District, U. S. Employees Compensation Commission, et al., peti-
tioners, v. G. Pletz. On writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit
Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit. Judgment reversed with
costs and cause remanded to the District Court of the United States
for the District of Oregon for further proceedings in conformity with
the opinion of this Court. Opinion by Mr. Justice Roberts. Dis-
senting opinion by Mr. Justice Black in which Mr. Justice Douglas
and Mr. Justice Murphy concur.
No. 172. Minnie Reese Richardson Wragg, petitioner, v. Federal
Land Bank of New Orleans. On writ of certiorari to the United
States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit. Judgment
reversed with costs and cause remanded to the District Court of the
United States for the Middle District of Alabama for further pro-
ceedings in conformity with the opinion of this Court. Opinion by
Mr. Chief Justice Stone. Mr. Justice Black took no part in the
consideration or decision of this case.
No. 156. The Detroit Bank, formerly The Detroit Savings Bank,
a Michigan Banking Corporation, petitioner, v. The United States
of America; and
No. 214. State of Michigan, John J. O'Hara, Auditor General for
the State of Michigan, et al., petitioners, v. The United States of
America. On writs of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court
of Appeals for the Sixth Circuit. Judgments affirmed and cases
remanded to the District Court of the United States for the Eastern
District of Michigan. Opinion by Mr. Chief Justice Stone. Mr.
Justice Murphy took no part in the consideration or decision of these
cases.
No. 46. W. B. Parker, Director of Agriculture, Agricultural Pro-
rate Advisory Commission, Raisin Proration Zone No. 1, et al.,
appellants, v. Porter L. Brown. Appeal from the District Court of
the United States for the Southern District of California. Judg-

MONDAY, JANUARY 4, 1943
112
ment reversed with costs and cause remanded to the said District
Court for further proceedings in conformity with the opinion of this
Court. Opinion by Mr. Chief Justice Stone.
The Chief Justice said:
"The orders of the Court appear upon the list certified by the
Chief Justice and filed with the Clerk and will not be announced
orally."
No. . Corinne C. Waterman, appellant, v. Interborough Rapid
Transit Company. Application denied.
No.
-
Original. Ex parte R. H. Hughes, petitioner; and
No., Original. Ex parte F. M. Windsor, petitioner. The mo-
tions for leave to file petitions for writs of habeas corpus are denied.
No. -, Original. Ex parte Leslie Williams and Joe Bennett, peti-
tioners. Per curiam: It does not appear that petitioners have ex-
hausted their remedies under state law, especially in view of their
failure to file an original application for habeas corpus in the Su-
preme Court of Nebraska as is permissible under state law (Nebraska
Compiled Statutes, 1929, section 27-204; In re White, 33 Neb. 812,
814), nor does it appear that the question presented here has been
considered on the merits by the Supreme Court of Nebraska in any
prior proceeding. The motion for leave to file a petition for writ
of habeas corpus is therefore denied without prejudice.
No., Original. Ex parte Armin Ellerbrake, petitioner; and
No., Original. Ex parte William W. Boehman, petitioner. The
motions for leave to file petitions for writs of mandamus are denied.
No. 556. Board of County Commissioners of the County of Creek,
State of Oklahoma, a Municipal Corporation, et al., petitioners, v.
Evelyn Seber et al. In view of the Act of August 24, 1937, 28 U. S. C.
section 401, the Court hereby certifies to the Attorney General of
the United States that the constitutionality of Acts of June 20, 1936,
and May 19, 1937, is drawn in question in this case.
No. 591. West Virginia State Board of Education, etc., et al., ap-
pellants, v. Walter Barnette et al. In this case probable jurisdiction is
noted.
No. 540. G. E. Myers, Trustee, etc., petitioner, v. Verna May Mat-
ley. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of Appeals
for the Ninth Circuit granted.
No. 551. Allan D. Emil, as Trustee in Bankruptcy of John M.
Russell, Inc., petitioner, v. Harry Hanley, Receiver. Petition for
writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of Appeals for the Second
Circuit granted.

MONDAY, JANUARY 4, 1943
113
No. 582. Waterman Steamship Corporation, petitioner, v. David
E. Jones. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of
Appeals for the Third Circuit granted.
No. 454. Pedro Aguilar, petitioner, v. Standard Oil Company of
New Jersey. The order denying certiorari is vacated and the peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of Appeals for the
Second Circuit is granted. The case is assigned for argument imme-
diately following No. 582.
No. 553. Joseph Galloway, by Freda Galloway, his guardian, pe-
titioner, v. The United States of America. The motion for leave to
proceed on typewritten papers is granted. The petition for writ of
certiorari to the Circuit Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit is also
granted.
No. 75. The City of North Chicago et al., petitioners, v. The Mac-
cabees, a corporation, et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
Circuit Court of Appeals for the Seventh Circuit denied.
No. 526. Rutland Railroad Company's Receiver, petitioner, v. Sid-
ney Abner Lawrence. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme
Court of Vermont denied.
No. 534. Sam Orlando, petitioner, v. The State of Illinois. Pe-
tition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Illinois denied.
No. 535. Paragon Land Corporation, petitioner, v. Joseph P. Day
and Bradley Delehanty, Trustees, etc. Petition for writ of certiorari
to the Supreme Court of New York denied.
No. 542. Addison S. Pratt, as Trustee, etc., petitioner, v. Chemical
Bank and Trust Company. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Cir-
cuit Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit denied.
No. 545. Rudolph and Charles Kudile, copartners, etc., petitioners,
v. National Labor Relations Board. Petition for writ of certiorari
to the Circuit Court of Appeals for the Third Circuit denied.
No. 405. J. S. Garlington et vir, petitioners, v. A. L. Wasson. Pe-
tition for writ for certiorari to the Supreme Court of Texas denied.
No. 536. W. H. Brinton, debtor, petitioner, v. The Federal Land
Bank of Berkeley. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit
Court of Appeals for the Tenth Circuit denied.
No. 546. Bennie Sablowsky, petitioner, v. Commonwealth of Penn-
sylvania; and
No. 547. Leonard Sablowsky, petitioner, v. Commonwealth of
Pennsylvania. Petition for writs of certiorari to the Superior Court
of Pennsylvania denied.
No. 464. Mrs. Anne Miller, petitioner, v. C. James Arrow. Peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Ohio denied for

MONDAY, JANUARY 4, 1943
114
want of a properly presented federal question. The motion to correct
a diminution of the record is therefore also denied.
No. 523. Herman Banning and Frank Williams, petitioners, v. The
United States of America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Cir-
cuit Court of Appeals for the Sixth Circuit denied. Mr. Justice
Murphy took no part in the consideration or decision of this applica-
tion.
No. 544. Boro Hall Corp., petitioner, v. General Motors Corpora-
tion et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of
Appeals for the Second Circuit denied. The Chief Justice and Mr.
Justice Murphy took no part in the consideration or decision of this
application.
No. 441. Diana Beck, petitioner, v. People of the State of New
York. On petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals of
New York;
No. 565. George W. Kerr, petitioner, v. James A. Johnston, War-
den, etc. On petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of
Appeals for the Ninth Circuit;
No. 538. William H. Padgett, alias William Hayden, petitioner,
v. Ralph E. Benson, Warden, etc. On petition for writ of certiorari
to the Circuit Court of Appeals for the Sixth Circuit;
No. 543. W. H. Seale, petitioner, v. Fred Hunt, Warden. On pe-
tition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Criminal Appeals of Okla-
homa; and
No. 562. Mrs. Helen Roskas, petitioner, v. The United States of
America. On petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of
Appeals for the Third Circuit. The motions for leave to proceed in
forma pauperis are granted. The petitions for writs of certiorari are
denied.
No. 541. Henry Hawk, petitioner, v. Neil Olson, Warden, etc.
The motion for leave to proceed in forma pauperis is granted. The
motion to strike petitioner's reply brief is denied. The petition for
writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of Appeals for the Eighth Cir-
cuit is denied.
No., Original. Ex parte Cecil Wright, petitioner. The petition
for rehearing is denied. The motion for leave to file petition for writ
of certiorari is also denied.
No. 23. State Bank of Hardinsburg, petitioner, v. Chancey Ray
Brown and Mary G. Brown. The motion for leave to consider petition
for rehearing on typewritten copies is granted. The petition for re-
hearing is denied.
No. 176. Mary M. Hughes, appellant, v. John W. Wendel, County
Treasurer of Butler County, Ohio, et al. On consideration of the sug-

MONDAY, JANUARY 4, 1943
115
gestion of a diminution of the record and motion for a writ of certio-
rari in that relation, the motion for a writ of certiorari is granted.
The petition for rehearing is denied.
No. 250. Carlota Benitez de Seix et al., petitioners, v. Ros Maria
Anciani et al. The petition for reconsideration of "Petition to Court"
filed herein September 9th is denied.
No. 476. American Insurance Company et al., petitioners, v. Ed-
ward L. Scheufler (Successor), Superintendent, etc., et al. The peti-
tion for rehearing is denied. Mr. Justice Roberts and Mr. Justice
Murphy took no part in the consideration or decision of this applica-
tion.
No. 74. Walter L. Mangus and Rose L. Mangus, petitioners, v.
Matthew A. Miller;
No. 234. G. F. Albin, petitioner, v. Cowing Pressure Relieving
Joint Company, etc., et al.;
No. 503. Rau Construction Company, petitioner, v. Phillips Pe-
troleum Company; and
No. 505. Paper Container Mfg. Company, petitioner, v. Dixie-
Vortex Company. The petitions for rehearing are denied.
No. 366. The United States, petitioner, v. Brooks-Callaway Com-
pany. Argued by Mr. Valentine Brookes for the petitioner and by
Mr. George R. Shields for the respondent.
No. 296. Hattie Mae Tiller, Executor, etc., petitioner, v. Atlantic
Coast Line Railroad Company. Argued by Mr. J. Vaughan Gary for
the petitioner and by Mr. Collins Denny, Jr., and Mr. Thomas W.
Davis for the respondent.
No. 299. Jersey Central Power & Light Company, petitioner, v.
Federal Power Commission; and
No. 329. New Jersey Power & Light Company, petitioner, v. Fed-
eral Power Commission. Four hours allowed for oral argument.
Argument commenced by Mr. Frederic P. Glick for the petitioner in
No. 329 and continued by Mr. John W. MacDonald for the peti-
tioner in No. 299.
Adjourned until tomorrow at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Tuesday, January 5, will be as follows: Nos. 299
(and 329), 303, 320, 321 (and 322), 325, 77, 327, 300, 387 (and
388), and 473.
☑

TUESDAY, JANUARY 5, 1943
116
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: The Chief Justice, Mr. Justice Roberts, Mr. Justice Black,
Mr. Justice Reed, Mr. Justice Frankfurter, Mr. Justice Douglas, Mr.
Justice Murphy, and Mr. Justice Jackson.
H. Grady Vien, of East Saint Louis, Ill.; Philip Marcus, of New
York City; Henry A. Mitchler, of Washington, D. C.; Scott Paul
Crampton, of Washington, D. C.; and Luther C. Rainwater, of Wash-
ington, D. C., were admitted to practice.
No. 299. Jersey Central Power & Light Company, petitioner, v.
Federal Power Commission; and
No. 329. New Jersey Power & Light Company, petitioner, v. Fed-
eral Power Commission. Argument continued by Mr. John W. Mac-
Donald for the petitioner in No. 299; by Mr. Allen E. Throop for the
petitioner in No. 329; by Mr. Lester P. Schoene for the respondent;
and concluded by Mr. Frederic P. Glick for the petitioner in No. 329.
No. 303. Guy T. Helvering, Commissioner of Internal Revenue,
petitioner, v. American Dental Co. Argument commenced by Mr.
Samuel H. Levy for the petitioner.
Adjourned until tomorrow at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Wednesday, January 6, will be as follows: Nos.
303, 320, 321 (and 322), 325, 77, 300, 387 (and 388), 473, 175,
and 178.
✓
488078-43-39

WEDNESDAY, JANUARY 6, 1943
117
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: The Chief Justice, Mr. Justice Roberts, Mr. Justice Black,
Mr. Justice Reed, Mr. Justice Frankfurter, Mr. Justice Douglas, Mr.
Justice Murphy, and Mr. Justice Jackson.
Alton H. Rowland, of Bartlesville, Okla.; and Elisha Avery Crary,
of Los Angeles, Calif., were admitted to practice.
No. 303. Guy T. Helvering, Commissioner of Internal Revenue,
petitioner, v. American Dental Co. Argument continued by Mr.
John E. Hughes for the respondent and concluded by Mr. Samuel H.
Levy for the petitioner.
No. 320. Daniel O'Donnell, petitioner, v. Great Lakes Dredge and
Dock Company. Argued by Mr. Walter F. Dodd for the petitioner
and by Mr. Ezra L. D'Isa for the respondent.
No. 321. The Creek Nation, petitioner, v. The United States; and
No. 322. The Seminole Nation, petitioner, v. The United States.
Argument commenced by Mr. Paul M. Niebell for the petitioners and
continued by Mr. Archibald Cox for the respondent.
Adjourned until tomorrow at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Thursday, January 7, will be as follows: Nos. 321
(and 322), 325, 77, 300, 387 (and 388), 473, 175, 178, 284, and
275.
488078-43-40

THURSDAY, JANUARY 7, 1943
118
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: The Chief Justice, Mr. Justice Roberts, Mr. Justice Black,
Mr. Justice Reed, Mr. Justice Frankfurter, Mr. Justice Douglas, Mr.
Justice Murphy, and Mr. Justice Jackson.
Fitzhugh McGrew, of New York City; Francis E. Thomason, of
Indianapolis, Ind.; James Harold Nacey, of Cleveland, Ohio; and
Warren Hall Coutts, Jr., of El Dorado, Kans., were admitted to
practice.
No. 321. The Creek Nation, petitioner, v. The United States: and
No. 322. The Seminole Nation, petitioner, v. The United States.
Argument continued by Mr. Archibald Cox for the respondent and
concluded by Mr. Paul M. Niebell for the petitioners. Leave granted
respondent to file additional brief tomorrow and to present supple-
mental memorandum thereafter.
No. 325. Jerome Parker Jerome, petitioner, v. The United States
of America. Argued by Mr. John T. Sapienza for the petitioner and
by Mr. Assistant Attorney General Berge for the respondent.
No. 77. William H. Dunn, Jr., and Raymond Krause, appellants,
v. The State of Ohio. Argued by Mr. James H. Nacey for the ap-
pellants and by Mr. Kenneth L. Sater for the appellee.
No. 300. Howard S. Palmer et al., as Trustees, etc., petitioners, 2.
Howard F. Hoffman, Individually and as Administrator, etc. Argu-
ment commenced by Mr. Edward R. Brumley for the petitioners.
Adjourned until tomorrow at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Friday, January 8, will be as follows: Nos. 300,
387 (and 388), 473, 175, 178, 284, 275, 399, 422, and 420.
488078-43--41

FRIDAY, JANUARY 8, 1943
119
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: The Chief Justice, Mr. Justice Roberts, Mr. Justice Black,
Mr. Justice Reed, Mr. Justice Frankfurter, Mr. Justice Douglas, Mr.
Justice Murphy, and Mr. Justice Jackson.
Arthur W. A. Cowan, of Philadelphia, Pa.; and Stanley W. Schae-
fer, of New York City, were admitted to practice.
No. 300. Howard S. Palmer et al., as Trustees, etc., petitioners, v.
Howard F. Hoffman, Individually, etc. Argument continued by Mr.
Edward R. Brumley for the petitioners and concluded by Mr. William
Paul Allen for the respondent.
No. 387. Reconstruction Finance Corporation, petitioner, v. Bank-
ers Trust Company, Trustee; and
No. 388. Reconstruction Finance Corporation, petitioner, v. Bank-
ers Trust Company, Trustee. Argued by Mr. Paul A. Freund for
the petitioner and by Mr. Joseph M. Hartfield for the respondent.
No. 473. In Re William V. Bradley, petitioner. Argued by Mr.
Thomas D. McBride for the petitioner and by Mr. W. Marvin Smith
for the respondent.
Adjourned until Monday next at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Monday, January 11, will be as follows: Nos. 284,
175, 178, 275, 399, 422, 420, 429, 499 (and 500), and 273.
☑
488078-43――42

MONDAY, JANUARY 11, 1943
120
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: The Chief Justice, Mr. Justice Roberts, Mr. Justice Black,
Mr. Justice Reed, Mr. Justice Frankfurter, Mr. Justice Douglas, Mr.
Justice Murphy, and Mr. Justice Jackson.
Waldemar R. Augustine, of San Francisco, Calif.; James Benjamin
Simmons, of Washington, D. C.; Floyd G. Christian, of Noblesville,
Ind.; Oscar F. Smith, of Indianapolis, Ind.; Ward E. Dildine, of
Fort Wayne, Ind.; Carl A. Stutsman, Jr., of Los Angeles, Calif.;
Cecil C. Bailey, of Jacksonville, Fla.; and Herbert R. Tews, of
Chicago, Ill., were admitted to practice.
No. 278. Murray R. Spies, petitioner, v. The United States of
America. On writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of
appeals for the Second Circuit. Judgment reversed and cause re-
manded to the District Court of the United States for the Southern
District of New York for further proceedings in conformity with
the opinion of this Court. Opinion by Mr. Justice Jackson.
No. 142. Endicott Johnson Corporation and Howard A. Swart-
wood, Secretary, etc., petitioners, v. Frances Perkins, Secretary of
Labor of the United States. On writ of certiorari to the United States
Circuit Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit. Judgment affirmed
and cause remanded to the District Court of the United States for
the Northern District of New York. Opinion by Mr. Justice Jackson.
Dissenting opinion by Mr. Justice Murphy in which Mr. Justice
Roberts joins.
No. 103. Carter H. Harrison, Individually and as Collector of In-
ternal Revenue, etc., petitioner, v. The Northern Trust Company and
Mary E. Kaufman, Executors, etc. On writ of certiorari to the
United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Seventh Circuit.
Judgment reversed with costs and cause remanded to the District
Court of the United States for the Northern District of Illinois for
further proceedings in conformity with the opinion of this Court.
Opinion by Mr. Justice Murphy.
No. 124. Norvel H. Lilly, petitioner, v. Grand Trunk Western
Railroad Company. On writ of certiorari to the Appellate Court,
First District, State of Illinois. Judgment reversed with costs and
cause remanded to the said Appellate Court for further proceedings
488078-43--43

MONDAY, JANUARY 11, 1943
121
not inconsistent with the opinion of this Court. Opinion by Mr.
Justice Murphy. Mr. Justice Frankfurter concurs in the result.
No. 87. The Public Utilities Commission of Ohio, George McCon-
naughey, Chairman, etc., et al., appellants, v. United Fuel Gas Com-
pany et al. Appeal from the District Court of the United States
for the Southern District of Ohio. Judgment affirmed with costs.
Opinion by Mr. Justice Frankfurter. Dissenting opinion by Mr.
Justice Black in which Mr. Justice Douglas and Mr. Justice Murphy
concur.
No. 248. The United States of America, appellant, v. William F.
Monia and L. Aubrey Williams. Appeal from the District Court of
the United States for the Northern District of Illinois. Judgment
affirmed. Opinion by Mr. Justice Roberts. Dissenting opinion by
Mr. Justice Frankfurter in which Mr. Justice Douglas joins.
No. 268. Sterling P. Harris, Administrator of the Estate of Anna
L. Harris, deceased, Debtor, petitioner, v. Zion Savings Bank and
Trust Company. On writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit
Court of Appeals for the Tenth Circuit. Judgment affirmed with
costs and cause remanded to the District Court of the United States
for the District of Utah. Opinion by Mr. Justice Roberts. Dissent-
ing opinion by Mr. Justice Douglas in which Mr. Justice Black and
Mr. Justice Murphy join.
No. 385. Natural Milk Producers Association of California, a cor-
poration, et al., appellants, v. The City and County of San Francisco
et al. Appeal from the Supreme Court of the State of California.
Judgment vacated without costs to either party in this Court and
cause remanded to the said Supreme Court for such further proceed-
ings as it may deem appropriate. Opinion, per curiam, announced
by Mr. Chief Justice Stone.
The Chief Justice said:
"The orders of the Court appear upon the list certified by the Chief
Justice and filed with the Clerk and will not be announced orally."
-.
No. In the matter of Edward H. Coulter. Edward H. Coulter,
a member of the Bar of this Court, having made return in response to
the rule to show cause issued on November 23, 1942, and the Court
having duly considered the return, the rule to show cause is discharged.
No. In the matter of Frank C. Sibley. Frank C. Sibley, a mem-
ber of the Bar of this Court, having made return in response to the
rule to show cause issued on November 23, 1942, and the Court having
duly considered the return, the rule to show cause is discharged.
―.
No. -, Original. Ex parte Taylor Seals, petitioner. Application
denied.

MONDAY, JANUARY 11, 1943
122
No. 497. A. M. Anderson, Receiver, etc., petitioner, v. Katherine
Kirkpatrick Abbot, Administratrix, etc., et al. The application to
consider certain records in other cases in connection with the record in
this case is granted.
No. 557. National Labor Relations Board, petitioner, v. Goodyear
Tire & Rubber Company of Alabama et al. Petition for writ of cer-
tiorari to the Circuit Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit granted.
No. 556. Board of County Commissioners of the County of Creek,
State of Oklahoma, a municipal corporation, et al., petitioners, v. Eve-
lyn Seber et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of
Appeals for the Tenth Circuit granted.
No. 569. Frank Tot, petitioner, v. The United States of America.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of Appeals for the
Third Circuit granted limited to the 4th and 5th questions stated in
the Government's memorandum.
No. 550. Warren Telephone Company, petitioner, v. Guy T. Hel-
vering, Commissioner of Internal Revenue. Petition for writ of cer-
tiorari to the Circuit Court of Appeals for the Sixth Circuit denied.
No. 560. Charles T. Kline, petitioner, v. Commissioner of In-
ternal Revenue. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court
of Appeals for the Third Circuit denied.
No. 566. Gretta Lafuente, petitioner, v. County of Los Angeles.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of California
denied.
No. 567. Howard Carwile, petitioner, v. Commonwealth of Vir-
ginia and State Board of Health, etc. Petition for writ of certiorari
to the Supreme Court of Appeals of Virginia denied.
No. 568. The Consolidated Expanded Metal Companies, petitioner,
v. United States Gypsum Company. Petition for writ of certiorari
to the Circuit Court of Appeals for the Sixth Circuit denied.
No. 572. Justine L. Lambert, Individually, etc., petitioner, v. The
United States of America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
Circuit Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit denied.
No. 573. Charles M. Thomson, Trustee, etc., petitioner, v. Mary
B. Sevier, Administratrix, etc. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
Appellate Court, First District, State of Illinois, denied.
No. 574. Arthur S. Humes, petitioner, v. Missouri Supreme Court
et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Mis-
souri denied.

MONDAY, JANUARY 11, 1943
123
No. 250. Carlota Benitez de Seix et al., petitioners, v. Ros Maria
Anciani et al. On petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court
of Appeals for the First Circuit;
No. 398. Harry C. Kelly, petitioner, v. James A. Johnston, War-
den, etc. On petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of
Appeals for the Ninth Circuit; and
No. 563. Cecil C. Crebs, petitioner, v. Milton F. Amrine, Warden,
etc. On petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of
Kansas. The motions for leave to proceed in forma pauperis are
granted. The petitions for writs of certiorari are denied.
No. 459. Vivian Wycliff Buie, petitioner, v. The United States of
America. The petition for rehearing is granted. The order here-
tofore entered denying certiorari is vacated. The application filed
with the Clerk of this Court on June 5, 1942, will be treated as a
petition for certiorari.
No. 2, October Term, 1941. Martin J. Bernards and Lena Bernards,
petitioners, v. M. R. Johnson et al. Motion to recall mandate denied.
No. 76. Jessie William Miller, petitioner, v. The United States of
America;
No. 86. Opal Saxton Davis, petitioner, v. Department of Labor
and Industries of the State of Washington;
No. 463. Alex Ranieri, petitioner, v. The United States;
No. 509. George Van Wormer, petitioner, v. The Champion Paper
& Fibre Company; and
No. 537. William Roddenberry, appellant, v. State of Florida.
Petitions for rehearing denied.
No. 516. Eunice E. Eastman, petitioner, v. Guaranty Trust Com-
pany of New York et al. Petition for rehearing denied. Mr. Justice
Roberts and Mr. Justice Douglas took no part in the consideration or
decision of this application.
The Court will take a recess from Monday, January 18, until Mon-
day, February 1, next.
No. 284. H. T. Overstreet, R. Brazle, and L. L. Garvin, petition-
ers, v. North Shore Corporation. Argued by Mr. Lucien H. Boggs
for the petitioners; by Mr. Assistant Attorney General Shea for the
Administrator of the Wage and Hour Division, United States Depart-
ment of Labor, as amicus curiae, by special leave of Court; and by
Mr. Roswell P. C. May for the respondent.

MONDAY, JANUARY 11, 1943
124
No. 175. The Interstate Commerce Commission et al., appellants,
v. Inland Waterways Corporation et al. Three hours allowed for
oral argument. Argument commenced by Mr. Daniel H. Kunkel for
the appellant, Interstate Commerce Commission, and continued by Mr.
Nuel D. Belnap for the appellees, Inland Waterways Corporation
et al.
Adjourned until tomorrow at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Tuesday, January 12, will be as follows: Nos. 175,
178, 275, 399, 422, 420, 429, 499 (and 500), 273, and 327.

TUESDAY, JANUARY 12, 1943
125
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: The Chief Justice, Mr. Justice Roberts, Mr. Justice Black,
Mr. Justice Reed, Mr. Justice Frankfurter, Mr. Justice Douglas,
Mr. Justice Murphy, and Mr. Justice Jackson.
Ben G. Sewell, of Houston, Tex.; Samuel H. Peak, of Houston,
Tex.; Carl Blanchfield, of Pittsburgh, Pa.; and John Manfred Hager,
of Los Angeles, Calif., were admitted to practice.
No. 175. The Interstate Commerce Commission et al., appellants,
v. Inland Waterways Corporation et al. Argument continued by
Mr. Edward B. Hayes for appellee, A. L. Mechling; by Mr. W. Car-
roll Hunter for appellee, Secretary of Agriculture of the United
States; and concluded by Mr. Frank H. Cole, Jr., for appellants,
Baltimore and Ohio Railroad Company et al.; and case submitted by
Mr. Bryce L. Hamilton and Mr. A. B. Enoch for appellants, The
Alton Railroad Company and other Western carriers.
No. 178. Illinois Commerce Commission et al., appellants, v.
Charles M. Thomson, as Trustee, etc. Argued by Mr. William C.
Wines for the appellants and by Mr. Nye P. Morehouse for the ap-
pellee.
No. 275. Pacific Coast Dairy, Inc., appellant, v. Department of
Agriculture of the State of California et al. Argument commenced
by Mr. Carey Van Fleet for the appellant and continued by Mr. So-
licitor General Fahy for The United States, as amicus curiae, by
special leave of Court.
Adjourned until tomorrow at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Wednesday, January 13, will be as follows: Nos.
275, 399, 422, 420, 429, 499 (and 500), 273, 327, and 452.
Х
488078-43-44

WEDNESDAY, JANUARY 13, 1943
126
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: The Chief Justice, Mr. Justice Roberts, Mr. Justice Black,
Mr. Justice Reed, Mr. Justice Frankfurter, Mr. Justice Douglas, Mr.
Justice Murphy, and Mr. Justice Jackson.
S. Bertram Friedman, of New York City; Stuart H. Aarons, of
New York City; Frank C. Tribbe, of El Dorado, Ark.; Chas. F.
Potter, of Tyler, Tex.; Martin H. Young, of New York City; and
Samuel Walter Ross Langdon, of Chicago, Ill., were admitted to
practice.
No. 466. Department of Banking, State of Nebraska, as Receiver,
etc., petitioner, v. Louis H. Pink, Superintendent of Insurance of
the State of New York, etc. Time within which to file petition for
rehearing extended to and including February 15 next, on motion of
counsel for the petitioner.
No. 275. Pacific Coast Dairy, Inc., appellant, v. Department of
Agriculture of the State of California et al. Argument continued
by Mr. Solicitor General Fahy for the United States, as amicus curiae,
by special leave of Court, and concluded by Mr. Walter L. Bowers for
the appellees.
No. 399. Penn Dairies, Inc., and The United States of America,
appellants, v. The Milk Control Commission of the Commonwealth of
Pennsylvania. Argued by Mr. Solicitor General Fahy for appellant,
The United States; by Mr. Harris H. Arnold for appellant, Penn
Dairies, Inc.; and by Mr. Frank E. Coho for the appellee.
No. 422. Maurice Mandeville, as Trustee, etc., et al., petitioners, v.
Greek Miller Canterbury. Argued by Miss Corinne L. Rice for the
petitioners and by Mr. Herbert T. Tews for the respondent.
No. 420. Wilder Tileston, appellant, v. Abraham S. Ullman,
State's Attorney et al. Argument commenced by Mr. Morris L.
Ernst for the appellant.
Adjourned until tomorrow at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Thursday, January 14, will be as follows: Nos.
420, 429, 499 (and 500), 327, 273, and 452.
Х
488078-43-45

THURSDAY, JANUARY 14, 1943
127
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: The Chief Justice, Mr. Justice Roberts, Mr. Justice Black,
Mr. Justice Reed, Mr. Justice Frankfurter, Mr. Justice Douglas, Mr.
Justice Murphy, and Mr. Justice Jackson.
Jacob John Schulman, of New York City; Harry J. Sapper, of Oak-
land, Calif.; J. Warren Upson, of Waterbury, Conn.; Lester J. Schaf-
fer, of Philadelphia, Pa.; Martin Bloom, of Atlantic City, N. J.; and
Sydney J. Silverstein, of Oakland, Calif., were admitted to practice.
-
No. . George Logue and Sue Logue, petitioners, v. The State
of South Carolina. Application for stay denied.
No. 349. Daisy Largent, petitioner, v. Jack Reeves, City Marshal.
The motion for leave to file petition for rehearing is granted. The
petition for rehearing is denied. The application for bail is also
denied.
No. 420. Wilder Tileston, appellant, v. Abraham S. Ullman, State's
Attorney, et al. Argument continued by Mr. Morris L. Ernst and by
Mr. Edwin Borchard for the appellant; by Mr. William L. Beers for
the appellees; by Mr. Morris L. Ernst for the appellant; and con-
cluded by Mr. Abraham S. Ullman for the appellees.
No. 429. Hurlbut W. Smith, petitioner, v. Frank J. Shaughnessy,
Collector of Internal Revenue, etc. Argued by Mr. Ellsworth C. Al-
vord for the petitioner and by Mr. Arnold Raum for the respondent.
No. 499. Meta Biddle Robinette, petitioner, v. Guy T. Helvering,
Commissioner of Internal Revenue, and
No. 500. Elise Biddle Paumgarten, petitioner, v. Guy T. Helver-
ing, Commissioner of Internal Revenue. Argued by Mr. Henry A.
Mulcahy for the petitioner and by Mr. Arnold Raum for the respond-
ent. Leave granted petitioner to file a reply brief tomorrow.
No. 327. Fred Fisher Music Co., Inc., et al., petitioners, v. M. Wit-
mark & Sons. Argument commenced by Mr. John Schulman for the
petitioners and continued by Mr. Robert W. Perkins for the re-
spondent.
Adjourned until tomorrow at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Friday, January 15, will be as follows: Nos. 327
and 273.
☑
488078-43―――46

FRIDAY, JANUARY 15, 1943
128
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: The Chief Justice, Mr. Justice Roberts, Mr. Justice
Black, Mr. Justice Reed, Mr. Justice Frankfurter, Mr. Justice
Douglas, Mr. Justice Murphy, and Mr. Justice Jackson.
George W. Cunningham, of Tulsa, Okla.; Isaac Watlington
Digges, of New York City; and Frederick William Smith, of Wash-
ington, D. C., were admitted to practice.
No. 79. William A. Adams, Warden, etc., et al., petitioners, v. The
United States of America, ex rel. Gene McCann. Mandate stayed
pending disposition of petition for rehearing on motion of counsel
for the respondent.
No. 327. Fred Fisher Music Co., Inc., and George Graff, Jr., peti-
tioners, v. M. Witmark & Sons. Argument continued by Mr. Robert
W. Perkins for the respondent and concluded by Mr. John Schulman
for the petitioners.
No. 273. Enoch L. Johnson, petitioner, v. The United States of
America. Argued by Mr. William A. Gray for the petitioner and
by Mr. Solicitor General Fahy for the respondent.
Adjourned until Monday, January 18, next, at 12 o'clock.
488078-43-47

MONDAY, JANUARY 18, 1943
129
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: The Chief Justice, Mr. Justice Roberts, Mr. Justice
Black, Mr. Justice Reed, Mr. Justice Frankfurter, Mr. Justice Doug-
las, Mr. Justice Murphy, and Mr. Justice Jackson.
Irwin D. Shapiro, of New York City; Charles A. Rooney, of Jersey
City, N. J.; Robert McC. Marsh, of New York City; Alan W. Joslyn,
of Bethesda, Md.; Warner Edmonds, Jr., of Santa Barbara, Calif.;
George Goldstein, of Chicago, Ill.; I. Morton Meyers, of Johnstown,
Pa.; and Gustav B. Margraf, of New York City, were admitted to
practice.
No. 218. Terminal Railroad Association of St. Louis, appellant,
v. Brotherhood of Railroad Trainmen, Richard Abram, Chairman
and State Legislative Representative, and Illinois Commerce Com-
mission. Appeal from the Supreme Court of the State of Illinois.
Judgment affirmed with costs. Opinion by Mr. Justice Jackson.
No. 73. National Labor Relations Board, petitioner, v. Indiana
& Michigan Electric Company and Michiana Electrical Utility
Workers Association. On writ of certiorari to the United States
Circuit Court of Appeals for the Sixth Circuit. Judgment affirmed
and cause remanded to the said Circuit Court of Appeals. Opinion
by Mr. Justice Jackson. Dissenting opinion by Mr. Justice Black in
which Mr. Justice Douglas and Mr. Justice Murphy concur.
No. 336. L. Metcalfe Walling, Administrator of the Wage and
Hour Division, United States Department of Labor, petitioner, v.
Jacksonville Paper Company. On writ of certiorari to the United
States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit. Judgment.
modified as indicated in the opinion of this Court and, as so modified,
affirmed, and cause remanded to the District Court of the United
States for the Southern District of Florida. Opinion by Mr. Justice
Douglas.
No. 97. Ansel Higgins, petitioner, v. Carr Brothers Company. On
writ of certiorari to the Supreme Judicial Court of the State of
Maine. Judgment affirmed with costs. Opinion by Mr. Justice
Douglas.
No. 269. Margaret M. Brady, as Administratrix of James P.
Brady, deceased, petitioner, v. Roosevelt Steamship Company,
488078-43-48

MONDAY, JANUARY 18, 1943
130
Inc. On writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of
Appeals for the Second Circuit. Judgment reversed with costs and
cause remanded to the Circuit Court of Appeals for further
proceedings in conformity with the opinion of this Court. Opinion
by Mr. Justice Douglas.
No. 173. The United States of America ex rel. Morris L. Marcus,
and Morris L. Marcus in his own behalf, petitioners, v. William F.
Hess et al. On writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit
Court of Appeals for the Third Circuit. Judgment of the Circuit
Court of Appeals reversed with costs and judgment of the District
Court of the United States for the Western District of Pennsylvania
affirmed and cause remanded to the said District Court. Opinion
by Mr. Justice Black. Mr. Justice Murphy took no part in the
consideration or disposition of this case. Concurring opinion by Mr.
Justice Frankfurter. Dissenting opinion by Mr. Justice Jackson.
No. 236. The United States of America, on relation of Samuel
Ostrager, and Samuel Ostrager in his own behalf, petitioners, v. New
Orleans Chapter, Associated General Contractors of America, Inc.,
et al. On writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of
Appeals for the Fifth Circuit. Judgment reversed with costs and
cause remanded to the District Court of the United States for the
Eastern District of Louisiana for further proceedings in conformity
with the opinion of this Court. Opinion by Mr. Justice Black. Mr.
Justice Murphy took no part in the consideration or disposition of
this case. Mr. Justice Frankfurter joins in this opinion but concurs
on the question of double jeopardy for the reasons set forth in his
opinion in No 173, United States ex rel. Marcus v. Hess. Dissent-
ing: Mr. Justice Jackson.
No. 201. American Medical Association, a corporation, petitioner,
v. The United States of America; and
No. 202. The Medical Society of the District of Columbia, a cor-
poration, petitioner, v. The United States of America. On writs of
certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the District of
Columbia. Judgments affirmed and cases remanded to the District
Court of the United States for the District of Columbia. Opinion
by Mr. Justice Roberts. Mr. Justice Murphy and Mr. Justice Jack-
son took no part in the consideration or decision of these cases.
No. 600. Wade Holley, petitioner, v. R. H. Lawrence, Warden of
the State Penitentiary of Georgia. Appeal from the Supreme Court
of Georgia. The motion for leave to file the jurisdictional statement
is granted. Appeal dismissed for want of jurisdiction. Opinion,
per curiam, announced by Mr. Chief Justice Stone.

MONDAY, JANUARY 18, 1943
131
The Chief Justice announced the following orders of the Court:
No. 564. The Almer Railway Equipment Company et al., appel-
lants, v. The Commissioner of Taxation. Appeal from the Supreme
Court of Minnesota. Per curiam: The motion to dismiss is granted
and the appeal is dismissed for the want of a substantial federal
question. (1) Department of Treasury v. Wood Preserving Cor-
poration, 313 U. S. 62, 66, 67; (2) General American Tank Car Cor-
poration v. Day, 270 U. S. 367, 373; Madden v. Kentucky, 309 U. S.
83, 87-90.
No. 601. Mrs. L. V. Holley, appellant, v. R. H. Lawrence, Warden
of the State Penitentiary of Georgia. Appeal from the Supreme
Court of Georgia. Per curiam: The motion for leave to file the juris-
dictional statement is granted. The motion for leave to proceed in
forma pauperis is also granted. The appeal is dismissed on the au-
thority of Wade Holley v. Lawrence, No. 600, decided today.
The Chief Justice said:
"The other orders of the Court appear upon the list certified by the
Chief Justice and filed with the Clerk and will not be announced
orally."
No. -, original. Ex parte Dorsey Edmondson, petitioner; and
No., original. Ex parte Ellert L. McGrath, petitioner. The
motions for leave to file petitions for writs of habeas corpus are
denied.
-
No. original. Ex parte Republic of Peru, Owner of the Peru-
vian Steamship "Ucayali." A rule is ordered to issue, returnable
Monday, February 1 next, requiring the respondents to show cause
why leave to file the petition for writ of prohibition and/or man-
damus should not be granted. The cause is set for argument on the
rule and return on Monday, February 8 next.
Counsel are requested to discuss in their briefs and on the oral
argument the question of the jurisdiction of this Court to entertain
the petition and to grant the relief sought, and to discuss the effect of
the failure to present the application to the Circuit Court of Appeals.
No. 496. Sun Oil Company et al., petitioners, v. G. E. Burford
et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of Appeals
for the Fifth Circuit granted.
No. 580. Bertha A. Owens, Executrix of the Estate Leyle F.
Owens, deceased, petitioner, v. Union Pacific Railroad Company.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of Appeals for
the Ninth Circuit granted.

MONDAY, JANUARY 18, 1943
132
No. 581. Southland Gasoline Company, petitioner, v. J. W. Bay-
ley, Henry V. Bloom, et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
Circuit Court of Appeals for the Eighth Circuit granted.
No. 585. Federal Communications Commission, petitioner, v. Na-
tional Broadcasting Company, Inc. (KOA), et al. Petition for writ
of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the District
of Columbia granted.
No. 281. Wayne N. Mason, Administrator, etc., petitioner, v. The
Federal Land Bank of Berkeley, a corporation. Petition for writ
of certiorari to the Circuit Court of Appeals for the Tenth Circuit
denied.
No. 549. West Publishing Company, petitioner, v. Superior Court
of the State of California, in and for the City and County of San
Francisco. Petition for writ of certiorari toʻthe Supreme Court of
California denied.
No. 571. Max Rockmore, as Trustee in Bankruptcy of Surf Adver-
tising Corporation, petitioner, v. Mathilde Lehman and Joseph S.
Abrams. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of
Appeals for the Second Circuit denied.
No. 583. Suffolk Securities Corporation, petitioner, v. Commis-
sioner of Internal Revenue. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
Circuit Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit denied.
No. 588. Massachusetts Bonding and Insurance Company, peti-
tioner, v. The Winters National Bank and Trust Company of Dayton,
Ohio, as Administrator de bonis non, etc. Petition for writ of cer-
tiorari to the Circuit Court of Appeals for the Sixth Circuit denied.
No. 590. Chicago, St. Paul, Minneapolis & Omaha Railway Com-
pany, petitioner, v. Amelia Muldowney, as Special Administratrix,
etc. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of Appeals
for the Eighth Circuit denied.
No. 592. Robert E. Kleinschmidt, petitioner, v. Globe-Democrat
Publishing Company. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Su-
preme Court of Missouri denied.
No. 598. William A. Davidson, Isaac G. Shendell, et al., petition-
ers, v. Frederick H. Hurdman and others, etc. Petition for writ of
certiorari to the Supreme Court of New York denied.
No. 576. Samuel Okin, petitioner, v. Securities and Exchange Com-
mission. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of
Appeals for the Second Circuit denied. Mr. Justice Douglas took
no part in the consideration or decision of this application.
No. 570. Oscar William South, petitioner, v. Railroad Retirement
Board. On petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of
Appeals for the Fifth Circuit; and

Х
MONDAY, JANUARY 18, 1943
133
No. 575. Floyd Brewer, petitioner, v. Milton F. Amrine, Warden,
etc. On petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of
Kansas. The motions for leave to proceed in forma pauperis are
granted. The petitions for writs of certiorari are denied.
No. 79. William A. Adams, Warden, etc., et al., petitioners, v. The
United States of America ex rel. Gene McCann. The petition for
rehearing is denied. The opinion is amended so that the last para-
graph reads as follows: "The order of the Circuit Court of Appeals
must therefore be set aside and the cause remanded to that court
for such further proceedings, not inconsistent with this opinion, as
may be appropriate." The judgment is amended accordingly.
No. 26. Henry Anton Pfister, petitioner, v. Northern Illinois
Finance Corporation et al.; and
No. 27. Henry Anton Pfister, petitioner, v. Northern Illinois
Finance Corporation et al;
No. 507. Forrest Holiday, petitioner, v. The United States of
America;
No. 534. Sam Orlando, petitioner, v. The State of Illinois. Peti-
tions for rehearing denied.
Adjourned until Monday, February 1, at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Monday, February 1, will be as follows: Nos. 72,
11 original, 332, 449, 452, 453, 358, 458, 436, and 518.

MONDAY, FEBRUARY 1, 1943
134
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: The Chief Justice, Mr. Justice Roberts, Mr. Justice Black,
Mr. Justice Reed, Mr. Justice Frankfurter, Mr. Justice Douglas,
Mr. Justice Murphy, and Mr. Justice Jackson.
Joseph Wahrhaftig, of San Francisco, Calif.; Edgar H. Snod-
grass, of Crossville, Tenn.; Bernard Chertcoff, of Philadelphia, Pa.;
Binford Arney, of Austin, Tex.; Daniel G. Albert, of New York City;
Wilbur Rogers, of Washington, D. C.; Harold R. Scoville, of Phoenix,
Ariz.; Lee E. Baker, of Lake Village, Ark.; John B. Dudley, of
Oklahoma City, Okla.; Gerald P. Rosen, of Los Angeles, Calif.;
Ralph E. Bowers, of Chicago, Ill.; Oren Harris, of El Dorado, Ark.;
Hamilton Lehr Fess, of Toledo, Ohio; Frederick L. Bissinger, of
Cleveland, Ohio; Ward Monroe French, of Philadelphia, Pa.; and
Bernard L. Alderman, of New York City, were admitted to prac-
tice.
No. 366. The United States, petitioner, v. Brooks-Callaway Com-
pany. On writ of certiorari to the Court of Claims. Judgment
reversed and cause remanded to the Court of Claims with instruc-
tions to determine whether respondent is concluded by the findings
of the contracting officer, and, if not, for a finding by the court
whether the 183 days of high water or any part of that time were
in fact foreseeable. Opinion by Mr. Justice Murphy.
No. 284. H. T. Overstreet, R. Brazle, and L. L. Garvin, petitioners,
v. North Shore Corporation. On writ of certiorari to the United
States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit. Judgment
reversed with costs and cause remanded to the District Court of
the United States for the Southern District of Florida for further
proceedings in conformity with the opinion of this court. Opinion
by Mr. Justice Murphy. Dissenting: Mr. Justice Roberts and Mr.
Justice Jackson.
No. 325. Jerome Parker Jerome, petitioner, v. The United States
of America. On writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit
Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit. Judgment reversed and
cause remanded to the District Court of the United States for the
District of Vermont for further proceedings in conformity with the
opinion of this Court. Opinion by Mr. Justice Douglas.
488078-43--49

MONDAY, FEBRUARY 1, 1943
135
No. 300. Howard S. Palmer, Henry B. Sawyer, and James Lee
Loomis, as Trustees, etc., petitioners, v. Howard F. Hoffman, In-
dividually and as Administrator, etc. On writ of certiorari to the
United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit.
Judgment affirmed with costs and cause remanded to the District
Court of the United States for the Eastern District of New York.
Opinion by Mr. Justice Douglas.
No. 254. Securities and Exchange Commission, petitioner, v.
Chenery Corporation, H. M. Erskine, et al. On writ of certiorari to
the United States Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia.
Cause remanded to the said Court of Appeals with directions to
remand to the Securities and Exchange Commission for such further
proceedings, not inconsistent with the opinion of this Court, as may
be appropriate. Opinion by Mr. Justice Frankfurter. Mr. Justice
Douglas took no part in the consideration or decision of this case.
Dissenting opinion by Mr. Justice Black in which Mr. Justice Reed
and Mr. Justice Murphy concur.
No. 245. Ziffrin, Incorporated, appellant, v. The United States of
America and Interstate Commerce Commission. Appeal from the
District Court of the United States for the Southern District of In-
diana. Judgment affirmed. Opinion by Mr. Justice Reed.
No. 296. Hattie Mae Tiller, Executor of the estate of John Lewis
Tiller, deceased, petitioner, v. Atlantic Coast Line Railroad Com-
pany. On writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of
Appeals for the Fourth Circuit. Judgment reversed with costs and
cause remanded to the District Court of the United States for the
Eastern District of Virginia for further proceedings in conformity
with the opinion of this Court. Opinion by Mr. Justice Black.
Concurring opinion by Mr. Justice Frankfurter.
No. 473. In re William V. Bradley, petitioner. On writ of certio-
rari to the United Stated Circuit Court of Appeals for the Third
Circuit. Judgment reversed and cause remanded to the said Circuit
Court of Appeals with directions that the petitioner be discharged
from custody. Opinion by Mr. Justice Roberts. Dissenting opinion
by Mr. Chief Justice Stone.
No. 320. Daniel O'Donnell, petitioner, v. Great Lakes Dredge and
Dock Company. On writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit
Court of Appeals for the Seventh Circuit. Judgment reversed with
costs and cause remanded to the District Court of the United States
for the Northern District of Illinois for further proceedings in con-
formity with the opinion of this Court. Opinion by Mr. Chief Justice
Stone.

MONDAY, FEBRUARY 1, 1943
136
No. 420. Wilder Tileston, appellant, v. Abraham S. Ullman, State's
Attorney, and Fred Trotta, City Attorney of the City of New Haven.
Appeal from the Supreme Court of Errors of the State of Con-
necticut. Appeal dismissed with costs. Opinion, per curiam, an-
nounced by Mr. Chief Justice Stone.
No. 422. Maurice Mandeville, as Trustee under the last will and
testament of Richard A. Canterbury, deceased, etc., et al. On writ
of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the
Seventh Circuit. Judgment reversed with costs and cause remanded
to the District Court of the United States for the Northern District
of Illinois with directions to vacate the injunction order. Opinion,
per curiam, announced by Mr. Chief Justice Stone.
The Chief Justice announced the following order of the Court:
No. 631. The United States of America, appellant, v. George C.
Nickerson. Appeal from the District Court of the United States for
the District of New Jersey. Per curiam: The judgment is affirmed on
the authority of Jerome v. United States, No. 325, decided today.
The Chief Justice said:
"The other orders of the Court appear upon the list certified by
the Chief Justice and filed with the Clerk and will not be announced
orally."
No. 238. Thelma Martin, appellant, v. City of Struthers, Ohio.
Upon reconsideration the judgment entered herein October 12, 1942,
is vacated, the mandate is recalled, and probable jurisdiction is noted.
No. 626. The United States of America, appellant, v. Radio Cor-
poration of America et al.;
No. 628. The Interstate Commerce Commission et al., appellants,
v. Columbus and Greenville Railway Company; and
No. 629. The United States of America, appellant, v. Philip Lepo-
witch and Marvin Spector. In these cases probable jurisdiction is
noted.
No. 577. Charles M. Thomson, Trustee, etc., petitioner, v. Indus-
trial Commission of Illinois (Herman E. Stoll). Petition for writ of
certiorari to the Supreme Court of Illinois denied.
No. 578. Helms Bakeries, a corporation, petitioner, v. State Board
of Equalization of the State of California et al. Petition for writ
of certiorari to the District Court of Appeal, 1st Appellate District,
State of California, denied.
No. 586. The Cushman Motor Works, petitioner, v. Commissioner
of Internal Revenue. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit
Court of Appeals for the Eighth Circuit denied.

MONDAY, FEBRUARY 1, 1943
137
No. 596. Galban Lobo Company, S. A., petitioner, v. Leon Hen-
derson. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Emer-
gency Court of Appeals denied.
No. 599. Mable Swales Fairclaw, petitioner, v. John Forrest. Peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the District of Columbia denied.
No. 604. S. H. Squire, Superintendent of Banks of the State of
Ohio, etc., petitioner, v. Cliffe U. Merriam. Petition for writ of
certiorari to the Supreme Court of California denied.
No. 418. L. Metcalfe Walling, Administrator of the Wage and
Hour Division, United States Department of Labor, petitioner, v.
Goldblatt Brothers, Incorporated. Petition for writ of certiorari to
the Circuit Court of Appeals for the Seventh Circuit denied.
No. 602. Caron Corporation, petitioner, v. R. K. O. Radio Pictures,
Inc. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of New
York denied.
No. 603. State of Ohio, on the relation of S. H. Squire, Superin-
tendent of Banks, etc., petitioner, v. Clarence H. Porter. Petition
for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of California denied.
No. 605. Charles G. Guth, on his own behalf, etc., petitioner, v.
Wallace Groves and W. W. Colpitts. Petition for writ of certiorari
to the Circuit Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit denied.
No. 612. Schlumberger Well Surveying Corporation, petitioner, v.
Halliburton Oil Well Cementing Company. Petition for writ of
certiorari to the Circuit Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit
denied.
No. 618. Arkansas Fuel Oil Company, petitioner, v. Magrath Oil
Company. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of
Appeals for the Sixth Circuit denied.
No. 638. A. G. Nulsen, Jr., Executor, etc., petitioner, v. National
Lead Company. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court
of Appeals for the Eighth Circuit denied.
No. 652. Carl Halferty and J. B. Halferty, doing business as
Halferty Brothers, et al., petitioners, v. Hawkeye Casualty Com-
pany. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of Appeals
for the Eighth Circuit denied.
No. 579. Pacific Gas and Electric Company, petitioner, v. Sacra-
mento Municipal Utility District. Petition for writ of certiorari to
the Supreme Court of California denied. Mr. Justice Roberts took
no part in the consideration or decision of this application.
No. 548. Leemon Reece and James Dewey Hipp, petitioners, v. The
United States of America. On petition for writ of certiorari to the
Circuit Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit;

MONDAY, FEBRUARY 1, 1943
138
No. 587. Edmond L. Viles, petitioner, v. The Prudential Insurance
Company of America. On petition for writ of certiorari to the Cir-
cuit Court of Appeals for the Tenth Circuit;
No. 611. Charles Coates, petitioner, v. R. H. Lawrence, Superin-
dent and Warden of the Georgia State Prison. On petition for writ
of certiorari to the Circuit Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit;
No. 594. Ruffie Lundon, petitioner, v. L. F. Chapman, Keeper of
the Florida State Penitentiary. On petition for writ of certiorari to
the Supreme Court of Florida; and
No. 620. J. L. Stewart, petitioner, v. Honorable A. F. St. Sure,
United States District Judge, etc. On petition for writ of certiorari
to the Circuit Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit. The motions
for leave to proceed in forma pauperis are granted. The petitions
for writs of certiorari are denied.
―.
No. Corinne C. Waterman, appellant, v. Interborough Rapid
Transit Company;
No. . Original. Ex parte Ellert L. McGrath, petitioner ;
No. 226. Corinne C. Waterman, petitioner, v. Colonel Somervell
et al.;
No. 441. Diana Beck, petitioner, v. People of the State of New
York;
No. 464. Mrs. Anne Miller, petitioner, v. C. James Arrow;
No. 565. George W. Kerr, petitioner, v. James A. Johnston,
Warden, etc.;
No. 574. Arthur S. Humes, petitioner, v. Missouri Supreme Court
et al.;
No. 600. Wade Holley, appellant, v. R. H. Lawrence, Warden, etc.;
and
No. 385. Natural Milk Producers Association of California, a cor-
poration, et al., appellants, v. The City and County of San Francisco
et al. Petitions for rehearing denied.
No. 903, October Term, 1941. Robert L. Peyton, petitioner, v. Rail-
way Express Agency, Inc., et al.; and
No. 444. Charles O'Keith, petitioner, v. James A. Johnston,
Warden, etc. Second petitions for rehearing denied.
No. -, original. The United States of America, complainant, v.
The State of Louisiana et al. Motion on behalf of the United States
for leave to file bill to perpetuate testimony presented.
No. 514. The United States of America, appellant, v. French
Bauer, Incorporated, et al. Appeal from the District Court of the
United States for the Southern District of Ohio. Dismissed on mo-
tion of counsel for the appellant.

Х
MONDAY, FEBRUARY 1, 1943
139
No. 72. The People of the State of New York, ex rel. R. Gordon
Whitman, petitioner, v. Joseph H. Wilson, as Warden, etc. Argued
by Mr. Charles E. Hughes, Jr., for the petitioner and by Mr. Bernard
L. Alderman for the respondent.
No. 458. George Sylvester Viereck, petitioner, v. The United States
of America. Argument commenced by Mr. O. R. McGuire for the
petitioner and continued by Mr. Assistant Attorney General Berge
for the respondent.
Adjourned until tomorrow at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Tuesday, February 2, will be as follows: Nos. 458,
332, 449, 452, 453, 358, 436, 518, 424, and 490.

TUESDAY, FFBRUARY 2, 1943
140
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: The Chief Justice, Mr. Justice Roberts, Mr. Justice Black,
Mr. Justice Reed, Mr. Justice Frankfurter, Mr. Justice Douglas, Mr.
Justice Murphy, and Mr. Justice Jackson.
A. Narol, of Newark, N. J.; Alfred Ronstadt, of Tucson, Ariz.;
John Page Marshall, of Washington, D. C.; Richard F. Harless, of
Phoenix, Ariz.; Harold K. Norton, of Chicago, Ill.; Rawdon Libby,
of Philadelphia, Pa.; E. Guy Hammond, of Akron, Ohio; Robert M.
Cook, of Atlanta, Ga.; Frederick Stueck, of St. Louis, Mo.; Carl O.
Olson, of Albany, N. Y.; John Howard Joynt, of Washington, D. C.;
Milton Mallin, of Chicago, Ill.; Morris D. Schwartz, of Washington,
D. C.; Leonard Horwin, of Los Angeles, Calif.; Henry J. Ridgely,
of Dover, Del.; James McMullan, of Philadelphia, Pa.; and Bertram
Bennett, of Philadelphia, Pa., were admitted to practice.
No. 458. George Sylvester Viereck, petitioner, v. The United States
of America. Argument continued by Mr. Assistant Attorney Gen-
eral Berge for the respondent and concluded by Mr. O. R. McGuire
for the petitioner.
No. 332. Le Roy J. Leishman, petitioner, v. Associated Wholesale
Electric Company, a corporation. Argued by Mr. John Flam for
the petitioner and by Mr. Samuel E. Darby, Jr., for the respondent.
No. 449. Maricopa County, Arizona, et al., petitioners, v. The Val-
ley National Bank of Phoenix. Argued by Mr. Gerald Jones and
Mr. Leslie C. Hardy for the petitioners and by Mr. J. L. Gust for
the respondent.
No. 452. Corn Exchange National Bank and Trust Company,
Philadelphia, et al., petitioners, v. Norman Klauder, trustee, etc.
Argument commenced by Mr. Charles J. Biddle for the petitioners.
Adjourned until tomorrow at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Wednesday, February 3, will be as follows: Nos.
452, 453, 358, 436, 518, 424, 490, 497, 495 (and 496), and 528.
Х
488078-43-50

WEDNESDAY, FEBRUARY 3, 1943
141
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: The Chief Justice, Mr. Justice Roberts, Mr. Justice Black,
Mr. Justice Reed, Mr. Justice Frankfurter, Mr. Justice Douglas, Mr.
Justice Murphy, and Mr. Justice Jackson.
Leonard Eriksson, of Fergus Falls, Minn.: Burton A. McGann, of
Washington, D. C.; and Herbert M. Karp, of New York City, were
admitted to practice.
No. 452. Corn Exchange National Bank and Trust Company,
Philadelphia, et al., petitioners, v. Norman Klauder, Trustee, etc.
Argument continued by Mr. Charles J. Biddle for the petitioners; by
Mr. Bertram Bennett for the respondent: and concluded by Mr.
Charles J. Biddle for the petitioners.
No. 453. Marshall Field & Company, petitioner, v. National Labor
Relations Board. Argued by Mr. Ralph E. Bowers for the petitioner
and by Mr. Robert B. Watts for the respondent.
No. 358. Hoopeston Canning Co., E. Pritchard, Inc., et al., appel-
lants, v. Louis H. Pink, Superintendent of Insurance, etc., et al.
Thomas J. Cullen, present Superintendent of Insurance of the State
of New York and Nathaniel L. Goldstein, present Attorney General
of the State of New York, substituted as the parties appellee herein
in the place and stead of Louis H. Pink and John J. Bennett. Jr.,
respectively, on motion of Mr. Franklin D. Trueblood for the
appellants.
No. 358. Hoopeston Canning Co., E. Pritchard, Inc., et al., ap-
pellants, v. Thomas J. Cullen, Superintendent of Insurance, etc., et al.
Argument commenced by Mr. Franklin D. Trueblood for the appel-
lants and continued by Mr. John C. Crary, Jr., for the appellées.
Adjourned until tomorrow at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Thursday, February 4, will be as follows: Nos.
358, 436, 518, 424, 490, 497, 495 (and 496), 528, 319, and 11
original.
488078-43-51

THURSDAY, FEBRUARY 4, 1943
142
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: The Chief Justice, Mr. Justice Roberts, Mr. Justice Black,
Mr. Justice Reed, Mr. Justice Frankfurter, Mr. Justice Douglas, and
Mr. Justice Jackson.
Homer A. Cope, of Kansas City, Mo.; Herman M. Katcher, of Saint
Louis, Mo.; George B. Turner, of New York City; Martin A. Rosen-
berg, of Saint Louis, Mo.; and Benton A. Bull, of Chicago, Ill., were
admitted to practice.
No. 358. Hoopeston Canning Co., E. Pritchard, Inc., et al., appel-
lants, v. Thomas J. Cullen, Superintendent of Insurance etc., et al.
Argument continued by Mr. John C. Crary, Jr., for the appellees and
concluded by Mr. Franklin D. Trueblood for the appellants.
No. 436. Joseph De Zon, petitioner, v. American President Lines,
Ltd. Argued by Mr. Herbert Resner for the petitioner and by Mr.
Edward F. Treadwell for the respondent.
No. 518. Guy T. Helvering, Commissioner of Internal Revenue,
petitioner, v. Sabine Transportation Company, Inc. Argued by Mr.
Arnold Raum for the petitioner and by Mr. Charles I. Francis for
the respondent.
No. 424. Federal Security Administrator, petitioner, v. The
Quaker Oats Company. Argument commenced by Mr. Valentine
Brookes for the petitioner.
Adjourned until tomorrow at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Friday, February 5, will be as follows: Nos. 424,
490, 497, 495 (and 496), 528, 319, 11 original, 554, 555, and 529.
488078-43-52
Х

FRIDAY, FEBRUARY 5, 1943
143
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: The Chief Justice, Mr. Justice Roberts, Mr. Justice Black,
Mr. Justice Reed, Mr. Justice Frankfurter, Mr. Justice Douglas, and
Mr. Justice Jackson.
Nathaniel A. Brown, of Stockton, Calif.; and Charles T. Akre, of
Washington, D. C., were admitted to practice.
No. 466. Department of Banking, State of Nebraska, as Receiver,
etc., petitioner, v. Louis H. Pink, Superintendent of Insurance of the
State of New York, as Liquidator, etc. Time within which to file
petition for rehearing extended to and including March 15 next, on
motion of counsel for the petitioner.
No. 424. Federal Security Administrator, petitioner, v. The Quaker
Oats Company. Argument continued by Mr. George I. Haight for
the respondent and concluded by Mr. Valentine Brookes for the
petitioner.
No. 490. Clearfield Trust Company, a corporation, et al., petition-
ers, v. The United States of America. Argued by Mr. Paul A. Freund
for the respondent and case submitted by Mr. Roswell Dean Pine, Jr.,
for the petitioners.
Adjourned until Monday next at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Monday, February 8, will be as follows: Nos.
497, 495 (and 496), 528, 319, 11 original, 554, 555, 529, 558, and
559.
488078-43-53

MONDAY, FEBRUARY 8, 1943
144
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: The Chief Justice, Mr. Justice Roberts, Mr. Justice Black,
Mr. Justice Reed, Mr. Justice Frankfurter, Mr. Justice Douglas, Mr.
Justice Murphy, and Mr. Justice Jackson.
Newell A. Clapp, of Chicago, Ill.; Grover C. Sherrod, of Hum-
boldt, Tenn.; Erle J. Zoll, Jr., of Chicago, Ill.; Joseph York Hough-
ton, of Chevy Chase, Md.; James Dennis Smullen, of Austin, Tex.;
Robert F. Spindell, of Chicago, Ill.; Alfred W. Petchaft, of St.
Louis, Mo.; John Anton Rauhut, of Austin, Tex.; Ed Roy Sim-
mons, of Austin, Tex.; J. B. Robertson, of Austin, Tex.; and Dwight
David Doty, of Washington, D. C., were admitted to practice.
No. 387. Reconstruction Finance Corporation, petitioner, v.
Bankers Trust Company, Trustee; and
No. 388. Reconstruction Finance Corporation, petitioner, o. Bank-
ers Trust Company, Trustee. On writs of certiorari to the United
States Circuit of Appeals for the Eighth Circuit. Judgment re-
versed with costs and cases remanded to the District Court of the
United States for the Eastern District of Missouri with instructions
to proceed in conformity with the opinion of this Court. Opinion
by Mr. Justice Roberts. Concurring opinion by Mr. Justice Douglas
in which Mr. Justice Black joins.
No. 60. C. J. Hendry Company and Frank Sematovich, petitioners,
v. E. C. Moore, I. Zellerbach, et al., etc. On writ of certiorari to the
Supreme Court of the State of California. Judgment affirmed with
costs. Opinion by Mr. Chief Justice Stone. Dissenting opinion by
Mr. Justice Black.
The Chief Justice announced the following order of the Court:
No. 77. William H. Dunn, Jr., and Raymond Krause, appellants, v.
The State of Ohio. Appeal from the Supreme Court of Ohio. Per
curiam: The appeal is dismissed for want of a substantial federal
question. Nebbia v. New York, 291 U. S. 502; Olsen v. Nebraska,
313 U. S. 236; Power Comm'n v. Pipeline Co., 316 U. S. 575, 582–83;
Sproles v. Binford, 286 U. S. 374.
No. 396. Chris Pedersen, Individually, etc., petitioner, v. J. F.
Fitzgerald Construction Co. On petition for writ of certiorari to
488078-43-54

MONDAY, FEBRUARY 8, 1943
145
the Supreme Court of New York. Per curiam: Petition for writ of
certiorari granted. Judgment reversed on the authority of Over-
street v. North Shore Corporation, No. 284, decided February 1,
1943. Mr. Justice Murphy took no part in the consideration or deci-
sion of this case.
The Chief Justice said:
"The other orders of the Court appear upon the list certified by the
Chief Justice and filed with the Clerk and will not be announced
orally."
No.
-
,
original. Ex parte William W. Boehman, petitioner. The
motion for leave to file petition for writ of mandamus is denied.
No. 584. Honorable Michael J. Roche, United States District Judge
for the Northern District of California, Southern Division, et al., peti-
tioner, v. Evaporated Milk Association et al. Petition for writ of
certiorari to the Circuit Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit
granted.
No. 609. Boston Elevated Railway Company, petitioner, v. Com-
missioner of Internal Revenue. Petition for writ of certiorari to
the Circuit Court of Appeals for the First Circuit denied. Mr. Jus-
tice Murphy took no part in the consideration or decision of this
application.
No. 613. Louisville and Nashville Railroad Company, petitioner,
v. Mary Ellen Underwood, Administratrix, etc. Petition for writ of
certiorari to the Circuit Court of Appeals for the Seventh Circuit
denied. Mr. Justice Murphy took no part in the consideration or
decision of this application.
No. 616. Louisville Gas and Electric Company, petitioner, v. Fed-
eral Power Commission. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Cir-
cuit Court of Appeals for the Sixth Circuit denied. Mr. Justice
Murphy took no part in the consideration or decision of this appli-
cation.
No. 617. Morris I. Jayne, Lelia G. Jayne, et al., petitioners, v. Na-
tional Life Insurance Company. Petition for writ of certiorari to
the Circuit Court of Appeals for the Tenth Circuit. Mr. Justice
Murphy took no part in the consideration or decision of this appli-
cation.
No. 621. Bayside Bus Corporation, petitioner, v. The United
States of America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit
Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit denied. Mr. Justice Mur-
phy took no part in the consideration or decision of this application.
No. 627. Alexander Guttmann, Individually, etc., et al., petitioners,
v. Pittsburgh Terminal Coal Corporation et al. Petition for writ

MONDAY, FEBRUARY 8, 1943
146
of certiorari to the Circuit Court of Appeals for the Third Circuit
denied. Mr. Justice Murphy took no part in the consideration or
decision of this application.
No. 635. Moore-McCormack Lines, Inc., petitioner, v. Edward
Foster. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of Ap-
peals for the Second Circuit denied. Mr. Justice Murphy took no
part in the consideration or decision of this application.
No. 639. Price Brothers Company, petitioner, v. Frank Smith.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of Appeals for
the Sixth Circuit denied. Mr. Justice Murphy took no part in the
consideration or decision of this application.
No. 630. H. Ely Goldsmith, petitioner, v. Joseph W. Sanford,
Warden, etc. The motion for leave to proceed in forma pauperis is
granted. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of Ap-
peals for the Fifth Circuit denied. Mr. Justice Murphy took no part
in the consideration or decision of this application.
No.-original. Ex parte Orville Chester Garrison, petitioner;
No. 78. The United States of America, petitioner, v. Victor N.
Miller, also known as Vic Miller et al.;
No. 87. The Public Utilities Commission of Ohio et al., appellants,
v. United Fuel Gas Company;
No. 398. Harry C. Kelly, petitioner, v. James A. Johnston,
Warden, etc.; and
No. 566. Gretta Lafuente, petitioner, v. County of Los Angeles.
Petitions for rehearing denied. Mr. Justice Murphy took no part in
the consideration or decision of these applications.
No. 492. Charles F. Williams et al., appellants, v. Allen Miller
et al. The motion for leave to file petition for rehearing is granted.
The petition for rehearing is denied. Mr. Justice Murphy took no
part in the consideration or decision of this application.
ORDER
The Court will take a recess from Monday, February 15, until Mon-
day, March 1, next.
No. 497. A. M. Anderson, Receiver of National Bank of Kentucky,
of Louisville, petitioner, v. Katherine Kirkpatrick Abbott, Adminis-
tratrix, etc., et al. Argued by Mr. Robert S. Marx for the petitioner
and by Mr. William W. Crawford for respondents.

MONDAY, FEBRUARY 8, 1943
147
No. 495. G. E. Burford et al., petitioners, v. Sun Oil Company
et al.; and
No. 496. Sun Oil Company et al., petitioners, v. G. E. Burford
et al. Argument commenced by Mr. James P. Hart for Burford et al.;
and continued by Mr. Ed Roy Simmons for Burford et al.; by Mr.
J. B. Robertson for Magnolia Petroleum Company; and by Mr. J. A.
Rauhut for Sun Oil Company.
Adjourned until tomorrow at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Tuesday, February 9, will be as follows: Nos. 495
(and 496), 528, 319, 11 original, 554, 555, 529, 558, 559, and 551.
✓

TUESDAY, FEBRUARY 9, 1943
148
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: The Chief Justice, Mr. Justice Roberts, Mr. Justice Black,
Mr. Justice Reed, Mr. Justice Frankfurter, Mr. Justice Douglas, Mr.
Justice Murphy, and Mr. Justice Jackson.
Creekmore Fath, of Austin, Tex.; Troy Shelton, of Oklahoma City,
Okla.; Ben C. Buckingham, of Des Moines, Iowa; Marjorie D.
Champion, of Berkeley, Calif.; Thos. S. Dawson, of Louisville, Ky.;
Hillis Townsend, of Charleston, W. Va.; J. H. Ward Hinkson, of
Chester, Pa.; Rudolph K. Schurr, of Saint Louis, Mo.; Guy B.
Brown, of Baltimore, Md.; Jack H. Ewing, of Liberty, Miss.; Fyke
Farmer, of Nashville, Tenn.; Frederick DeJoseph, of Washington,
D. C.; and Abraham L. Marovitz, of Chicago, Ill., were admitted to
practice.
No. 495. G. E. Burford et al., petitioners, v. Sun Oil Company
et al.; and
No. 496. Sun Oil Company et al., petitioners, v. G. E. Burford et al.
Argument concluded by Mr. James P. Hart for Burford et al.
No. 528. O. L. Hastings et al., petitioners, v. Selby Oil & Gas Com-
pany et al. Argued by Mr. W. Edward Lee for petitioners, O. L.
Hastings et al.; by Mr. James D. Smullen for petitioner, Railroad
Commission of Texas; and by Mr. Dan Moody for the respondents.
No. 319. Fidelity Assurance Association, a corporation, debtor,
et al., petitioners, v. Edgar B. Sims, Auditor, etc., et al. Three
hours allowed for oral argument. Argument commenced by Mr.
Homer A. Holt for the petitioners; and continued by Mr. John F.
Davis for respondent, Securities and Exchange Commission; by Mr.
H. Vernon Eney for respondent, John B. Gontrum, Insurance Com-
missioner of Maryland; by Mr. Richard H. Lauritzen for respond-
ents, Banking Commissioner of Wisconsin; and by Mr. Fyke Farmer
for respondents, L. H. Brooks, Trustee, et al.
Adjourned until tomorrow at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Wednesday, February 10, will be as follows: Nos.
319, 11 Original, 554, 555, 529, 558, 559, and 551.
488078-43-55
Х

WEDNESDAY, FEBRUARY 10, 1943
149
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: The Chief Justice, Mr. Justice Roberts, Mr. Justice Black,
Mr. Justice Reed, Mr. Justice Frankfurter, Mr. Justice Douglas, Mr.
Justice Murphy, and Mr. Justice Jackson.
Wm. H. Smathers, of Atlantic City, N. J.; John A. Gilchrist, of
New York City; George Nebolsine, of New York City; John W.
Nields, of New York City; Harold S. Glendening, of New York City;
and George F. Taylor, Jr., of Pittsburgh, Pa., were admitted to
practice.
No. 319. Fidelity Assurance Association, a corporation, debtor,
et al., petitioners, v. Edgar B. Sims, Auditor, etc., et al. Argument
continued by Mr. J. Campbell Palmer III, for respondents, West
Virginia State Court Receivers; by Mr. John F. Davis for respond-
ent, Securities and Exchange Commission; and concluded by Mr.
Homer A. Holt for the petitioners.
No. 11, Original. Selvie Winfield Wells, petitioner, v. The United
States of America. Argued by Mr. Henry J. Friendly for the peti-
tioner and by Mr. Assistant Attorney General Berge for the
respondent.
No. 554. National Broadcasting Company, Inc., et al., appellants,
". The United States of America et al. Motion for temporary re-
straining order submitted by Mr. John T. Cahill for the appellants.
Argument commenced by Mr. John T. Cahill for appellant, National
Broadcasting Company, Inc. and continued by Mr. E. Willoughby
Middleton for appellant, Stromberg-Carlson Telephone Manufactur-
ing Company.
Adjourned until tomorrow at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Thursday, February 11, will be as follows: Nos.
554, 555, 529, 558, 559, and 551.
X
488078-43――56

THURSDAY, FEBRUARY 11, 1943
150
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: The Chief Justice, Mr. Justice Roberts, Mr. Justice Black,
Mr. Justice Reed, Mr. Justice Frankfurter, Mr. Justice Douglas, Mr.
Justice Murphy, and Mr. Justice Jackson.
Robert S. Brady, of McMinnville, Tenn.; Charles M. LaFollette,
of Evansville, Ind.; Farland Robbins, of Mayfield, Ky.; Carroll
Gray, of Washington, D. C.; and Edward J. Devitt, of St. Paul,
Minn., were admitted to practice.
ORDER
It is ordered that paragraph 7 of Rule 32 of the Rules of this
Court be amended so as to read as follows:
"7. In pursuance of the Act of March 3, 1883, authorizing and
empowering this court to prepare a table of fees to be charged by
the clerk for this court the following table is adopted:
"For docketing a case and filing and indorsing the transcript of
the record, twenty-five dollars.
"For entering an appearance, twenty-five cents.
"For entering a continuance, twenty-five cents.
"For filing a motion, order, or other paper, twenty-five cents.
"For entering any rule or for making or copying any record or
other paper, twenty cents per folio of each one hundred words.
"For transferring each case to a subsequent docket and indexing
the same, one dollar.
"For entering a judgment or decree, one dollar.
"For every search of the records of the court, one dollar.
"For a certificate and seal, two dollars.
"For receiving, keeping, and paying money in pursuance of any
statute or order of court, two percent on the amount so received,
kept, and paid.
"For an admission to the bar and certificate under seal, including
filing of preliminary certificate and statements, twenty-five dollars.
"For preparing the record or a transcript thereof for the printer,
in all cases, including records presented with petitions for certiorari,
indexing the same, supervising the printing and distributing the
printed copies to the justices, the reporter, the law library, and the
parties or their counsel, fifteen cents per folio of each one hundred
words; but where the necessary printed copies of the record as printed
488078-43--57

THURSDAY, FEBRUARY 11, 1943
151
for use of the court below are furnished, charges under this item will
be limited to any additions printed here under the clerk's supervision.
"For making a manuscript copy of the record, when required under
Rule 13, fifteen cents per folio of each one hundred words, but noth-
ing in addition for supervising the printing.
"For preparing, on filing, for the printer, petitions for writs
of certiorari, briefs, jurisdictional statements or motions when re-
quired by the Rules, or at the request of counsel when, in the opinion of
the clerk, circumstances require, indexing the same, changing record
references to conform to the pagination of the printed record, and
supervising the printing, five dollars for each such petition, brief,
jurisdictional statement or motion. Neither the expense of printing
nor the clerk's supervising fee shall be allowed as costs in the case.
"For a mandate or other process, ten dollars.
"For an order on petition for writ of certiorari, five dollars.
"For filing briefs, ten dollars for each party appearing.
"For every printed copy of any opinion of the court or any justice
thereof, certified under seal, two dollars."
IT IS FURTHER ORDERED that this order shall apply to all cases dock-
eted on or after February 15, 1943, and to all admissions to the bar
on or after March 2, 1943.
No. 554. National Broadcasting Company, Inc., et al., appellants,
v. The United States of America et al. Argument continued by Mr.
E. Willoughby Middleton for appellant, Stromberg-Carlson Tele-
phone Manufacturing Company, and concluded by Mr. Solicitor Gen-
cial Fahy for appellees, The United States and Federal Communica-
tions Commission.
No. 555. Columbia Broadcasting System, Inc., appellant, v. The
United States of America et al. Motion for temporary restraining
order submitted by Mr. Charles E. Hughes, Jr., for the appellant.
Argued by Mr. Charles E. Hughes, Jr., for the appellant; by Mr.
Solicitor General Fahy for appellees, The United States and Federal
Communications Commission; and by Mr. Louis G. Caldwell for
appellee, Mutual Broadcasting System, Inc. (in Nos. 554 and 555).
No. 529. The United States of America, appellant, v. Swift and
Company et al. Argument commenced by Mr. Charles H. Weston
for the appellant.
Adjourned until tomorrow at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Friday, February 12, will be as follows: Nos. 529,
558, 559, and 551.

FRIDAY, FEBRUARY 12, 1943
152
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: The Chief Justice, Mr. Justice Roberts, Mr. Justice Black,
Mr. Justice Reed, Mr. Justice Frankfurter, Mr. Justice Douglas, Mr.
Justice Murphy, and Mr. Justice Jackson.
Edward Everett Baron, of Sioux City, Iowa; James Michael Scott,
of Kansas City, Kans.; Paul O'Dwyer, of New York City; Hobart N.
Durham, of New York City; Lawrence K. Blanchard, of Bayfield,
Wis.; Harry C. Robb, Jr., of Washington, D. C.; Frank Chambers,
of Washington, D. C.; Walter M. Bastian, of Washington, D. C.;
Peter N. Chumbris, of Washington, D. C.; William J. Harnisch, of
New York City; John W. Madden, Jr., of Dallas, Tex.; Moses Davis,
of Cuthbert, Ga.; and Carl F. Schaffer, of Toledo, Ohio, were ad-
mitted to practice.
No. 554. National Broadcasting Company, Inc., Woodmen of The
World Life Insurance Society et al., appellants, v. The United States
of America et al. Appeal from the District Court of the United
States for the Southern District of New York. Appeal dismissed as
to appellant, Woodmen of the World Life Insurance Society, on mo-
tion of counsel for said appellant.
No. 529. The United States of America, appellant, v. Swift and
Company et al. Argument continued by Mr. Kenneth W. Robinson
for the appellees and concluded by Mr. Charles H. Weston for the
appellant.
No. 558. Mrs. Ella Jamison, appellant, v. The State of Texas.
Argued by Mr. Hayden C. Covington for the appellant and by Mr.
H. P. Kucera for the appellee.
No. 559. Daisy Largent, appellant, v. The State of Texas. Argued
by Mr. Hayden C. Covington for the appellant. No appearance for
the appellee.
No. 551. Allan D. Emil, as Trustee in Bankruptcy of John M.
Russell, Inc., petitioner, v. Harry Hanley, Receiver. Argued by Mr.
David Haar for the petitioner and by Mr. John P. McGrath for the
respondent.
Adjourned until Monday, February 15, next at 12 o'clock.
☑
488078-43- -58

MONDAY, FEBRUARY 15, 1943
153
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: The Chief Justice, Mr. Justice Roberts, Mr. Justice Black,
Mr. Justice Reed, Mr. Justice Frankfurter, Mr. Justice Douglas, Mr.
Justice Murphy, Mr. Justice Jackson, and Mr. Justice Rutledge.
Wilbur R. Lester, of Toulon, Ill.; Victor H. Kramer, of Cincin-
nati, Ohio; Edward B. Willing, of Mount Vernon, N. Y.; Otto E.
Adolph, of Elizabeth, N. J.; John W. Stollenwerck, Jr., of Hillsboro,
Tex.; Franklin G. Hinckley, of Medford, Mass.; Cecelia M. Thorn-
ton, of Washington, D. C.; George R. Wearing, of Chicago, Ill.;
Herbert C. Brook, of Chicago, Ill.; Ralph B. Gregg, of Indianapolis,
Ind.; Archer L. Lerch, of Gainesville, Fla.; John W. Brabner Smith,
of Evanston, Ill.; Rex B. Goodcell, Jr., of Los Angeles, Calif.; Mil-
ton D. Campbell, of Riverdale, Md.; L. O. Kimberly, Jr., of Atlanta,
Ga.; Rupert L. Murphy, of Atlanta, Ga.; Owen Jameson, of San
Francisco, Calif.; Claude E. Fernandez, of Baton Rouge, La.; Mil-
lard Cass, of Norfolk, Va.; Harold Epstein, of Los Angeles, Calif.;
Lewis E. Lercara, of Oakland, Calif.; Walter Warren, of Leesburg,
Fla.; Hugh Fulton, of New York City; Carl Gaeton Nappi, of Co-
lumbus, Ohio; Allen Crenshaw, of Andalusia, Ala.; Clifford E. Fix,
of Washington, D. C.; Charles D. Sanger, Jr., of Silver Spring, Md.;
Jacqueline Wemple, of Washington, D. C.; Ivan A. Schwab, of
San Francisco, Calif.; Richard J. Carr, of Boston, Mass.; Franklin
C. Salsbury, of Cleveland, Ohio; and Helen Newman, of Washing-
ton, D. C., were admitted to practice.
The Chief Justice said:
"The President, by and with the advice and consent of the Senate,
has appointed The Honorable Wiley Rutledge, of Iowa, formerly an
Associate Justice of the United States Court of Appeals for the Dis-
trict of Columbia, to be an Associate Justice of this Court. Justice
Rutledge is present. The Clerk will read his commission. Justice
Rutledge will then take the oath of office, and the Marshal will escort
him to his seat upon the Bench."
488078-43-59

MONDAY, FEBRUARY 15, 1943
154
The Clerk then read the commission as follows:
"FRANKLIN D. ROOSEVELT,
"PRESIDENT OF THE UNITED STATES OF AMERICA,
"To all who shall see these Presents, Greetings:
"KNOW YE; That reposing special trust and confidence in the Wis-
dom, Uprightness, and Learning of Wiley Blount Rutledge, of Iowa,
I have nominated, and, by and with the advice and consent of the
Senate, do appoint him Associate Justice of the Supreme Court of the
United States and do authorize and empower him to execute and
fulfill the duties of that office according to the Constitution and Laws
of the said United States, and to Have and to Hold the said Office,
with all the powers, privileges and emoluments to the same of
right appertaining, unto Him, the said Wiley Blount Rutledge, dur-
ing his good behavior.
"IN TESTIMONY WHEREOF, I have caused these Letters to be made
patent and the seal of the Department of Justice to be hereunto af-
fixed.
"Done at the City of Washington this eleventh day of February,
in the year of our Lord one thousand nine hundred and forty-three,
and of the Independence of the United States of America the one
hundred and sixty-seventh.
"By the President:
FRANCIS BIDDLE,
Attorney General."
"FRANKLIN D. ROOSEVELT.
The oath of office was then administered by the Clerk, and Mr.
Justice Rutledge was escorted by the Marshal to his seat upon the
bench.
No. 171. The United States of America, petitioner, v. Oklahoma
Gas & Electric Company. On writ of certiorari to the United States
Circuit Court of Appeals for the Tenth Circuit. Judgment affirmed
and cause remanded to the District Court of the United States for
the Western District of Oklahoma. Opinion by Mr. Justice Jackson.
Dissenting: Mr. Justice Black and Mr. Justice Douglas.
No. 332. Leroy J. Leishman, petitioner, v. Associated Wholesale
Electric Company, a corporation. On writ of certiorari to the United
States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit. Judgment

MONDAY, FEBRUARY 15, 1943
155
reversed with costs and cause remanded to the said Circuit Court of
Appeals for further proceedings in conformity with the opinion of
this Court. Opinion by Mr. Justice Murphy.
No. 273. Enoch L. Johnson, petitioner, v. The United States of
America. On writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court
of Appeals for the Third Circuit. Judgment affirmed and cause re-
manded to the District Court of the United States for the District
of New Jersey. Opinion by Mr. Justice Douglas. Mr. Justice Mur-
phy and Mr. Justice Jackson did not participate in the consideration
or disposition of this case. Concurring opinion by Mr. Justice
Frankfurter.
No. 429. Hurlbut W. Smith, petitioner, v. Frank J. Shaughnessy,
Collector of Internal Revenue of the United States for the Twenty-
First District of New York. On writ of certiorari to the United
States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit. Judgment
of the Circuit Court of Appeals affirmed and cause remanded to that
Court with leave to the petitioner to apply for modification of its
mandate in order that the value of the petitioner's reversionary in-
terest may be determined and excluded. Opinion by Mr. Justice
Black. Dissenting opinion by Mr. Justice Roberts.
No. 499. Meta Biddle Robinette, petitioner, v. Guy T. Helvering,
Commissioner of Internal Revenue; and
No. 500. Elise Biddle Paumgarten, petitioner, v. Guy T. Helver-
ing, Commissioner of Internal Revenue. On writs of certiorari to
the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Third Circuit.
Judgments affirmed and cases remanded to the said Circuit Court of
Appeals. Opinion by Mr. Justice Black. Dissenting: Mr. Justice
Roberts.
The Chief Justice announced the following orders of the Court:
No. 669. Allied Mills, Inc., appellant, v. Department of Treasury
of the State of Indiana, M. Clifford Townsend, et al., etc. Appeal
from the Supreme Court of the State of Indiana. Per curiam: The
judgment is affirmed. McGoldrick v. Felt & Tarrant Co., 309 U. S. 70;
Felt & Tarrant Co. v. Gallagher, 306 U. S. 62.
No. 670. The United States of America, appellant, v. American
Federation of Musicians, James C. Petrillo, et al. Appeal from the
District Court of the United States for the Northern District of Illi-
nois. Per curiam: The judgment is affirmed. Act of March 23, 1932,
47 Stat. 70, 29 U. S. C. sections 101-115; New Negro Alliance v. Sani-
tary Grocery Co., 303 U. S. 552; Drivers' Union v. Lake Valley Co.,
311 U. S. 91.

MONDAY, FEBRUARY 15, 1943
The Chief Justice said:
156
"The other orders of the Court appear upon the list certified by the
Chief Justice and filed with the Clerk and will not be announced
orally."
ORDER
It is ordered that Rule XI of the Rules of Practice and Procedure
in Criminal Cases be, and the same is hereby, amended to read as
follows:
"XI. Writs of certiorari. Petition to the Supreme Court of the
United States for writ of certiorari to review a judgment of the ap-
pellate court shall be made within thirty (30) days after the entry of
the judgment of that court, except that in cases in which the judgment
of conviction has been entered in a District Court of Alaska, Hawaii,
Puerto Rico, Canal Zone, or Virgin Islands, the petition shall also
be deemed in time if the container in which it is mailed, addressed
to the Supreme Court of the United States is postmarked within the
thirty (30) days provided by this Rule. Such petition shall be made
as prescribed in Rules 38 and 39 of the Rules of the Supreme Court of
the United States."
No. Ex parte James B. Goodrich, petitioner. Application
denied.
,
No., original. Ex parte Frank Smith, petitioner;
No., original. Ex parte Dewey Wallace McMurtrey, petitioner ;
and
No., original. Ex parte Hugh A. Bowen, petitioner. The
motions for leave to file petitions for writs of habeas corpus are
denied.
No. 12, original. The United States of America, complainant, v.
The State of Louisiana et al. The motion on behalf of the United
States for leave to file bill to perpetuate testimony is granted.
No. 659. Central Hanover Bank and Trust Company, a Banking
Corporation of the State of New York, et al., appellants, v. William
D. Kelly, State Tax Commissioner of the State of New Jersey. In
this case probable jurisdiction is noted.
No. 2. William Schneiderman, petitioner, v. The United States of
America;
No. 299. Jersey Central Power & Light Company, petitioner, v.
Federal Power Commission; and
No. 329. New Jersey Power & Light Company, petitioner, v. Fed-
eral Power Commission. These cases are restored to the docket for
reargument.

MONDAY, FEBRUARY 15, 1943
157
No. 623. Oklahoma Tax Commission of the State of Oklahoma,
petitioner, v. The United States of America;
No. 624. Oklahoma Tax Commission of the State of Oklahoma,
petitioner, v. The United States of America; and
No. 625. Oklahoma Tax Commission of the State of Oklahoma,
petitioner, v. The United States of America. Petition for writs of
certiorari to the Circuit Court of Appeals for the Tenth Circuit
granted.
No. 636. The United States of America, petitioner, v. Frank Delia.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of Appeals for the
Sixth Circuit granted and case assigned for argument immediately
following No. 569.
No. 280, October Term, 1941. Rosco Jones, petitioner, v. City of
Opelika;
No. 314, October Term, 1941. Lois Bowden and Zada Sanders, peti-
tioners, v. City of Fort Smith, Arkansas; and
No. 966, October Term, 1941. Charles Jobin, appellant, v. The
State of Arizona. The petition for rehearing is granted and the
cases are restored to the docket for reargument.
No. 480. Robert Murdock, Jr., petitioner, v. Commonwealth of
Pennsylvania (City of Jeannette);
No. 481. Anna Perisich, petitioner, v. Commonwealth of Penn-
sylvania (City of Jeannette);
No. 482. Willard L. Mowder, petitioner, v. Commonwealth of
Pennsylvania (City of Jeannette);
No. 483. Charles Seders, petitioner, v. Commonwealth of Pennsyl-
vania (City of Jeannette);
No. 484. Robert Lamborn, petitioner, v. Commonwealth of Penn-
sylvania (City of Jeannette);
No. 485. Anthony Maltezos, petitioner, v. Commonwealth of Penn-
sylvania (City of Jeannette);
No. 486. Anastasia Tzanes, petitioner, v. Commonwealth of Penn-
sylvania (City of Jeannette); and
No. 487. Ellaine Tzanes, petitioner, v. Commonwealth of Pennsyl-
vania (City of Jeannette). Petition for writs of certiorari to the
Superior Court of Pennsylvania granted and cases assigned for argu-
ment immediately following Nos. 280, 314, and 966, October Term,
1941.
No. 450. Robert L. Douglas, Albert R. Gundecker, et al., peti-
tioners, v. City of Jeannette (Pennsylvania), a Municipal Corpora-
tion, et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of
Appeals for the Third Circuit granted and case assigned for argument
immediately following Nos. 480-487.

MONDAY, FEBRUARY 15, 1943
158
No. 595. The Kelley-Koett Manufacturing Co., petitioner, v. Harry
B. McEuen. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of
Appeals for the Sixth Circuit denied.
No. 607. The Border Line Transportation Co., petitioner, v. Saul
Haas, Collector of Customs. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
Circuit Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit denied.
No. 622. The Gerity-Whitaker Company et al., petitioners, v. Na-
tional Labor Relations Board. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
Circuit Court of Appeals for the Sixth Circuit denied.
No. 633. Pickering Lumber Company, petitioner, v. Sophia White-
side, Roger V. Whiteside, et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
District Court of Appeals, 3d Appellate District, State of California,
denied.
No. 641. Terminal Railroad Association of St. Louis, petitioner v.
John G. Pashea. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme
Court of Missouri denied.
No. 645. William Dudley Pelley, petitioner, v. The United States
of America;
No. 646. Lawrence A. Brown, petitioner, v. The United States of
America; and
No. 647. Fellowship Press, Inc., petitioner, v. The United States of
America. Petition for writs of certiorari to the Circuit Court of
Appeals for the Seventh Circuit denied.
No. 648. Ancel Earp, petitioner, v. H. C. Jones, Collector of In-
ternal Revenue for the District of Oklahoma. Petition for writ of
certiorari to the Circuit Court of Appeals for the Tenth Circuit
denied.
No. 649. Margaret Mashunkashey, now Bradshaw, petitioner, v.
The United States of America, A. G. Williams, Guardian, etc., et al.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of Appeals for the
Tenth Circuit denied.
No. 650. Gulf Refining Company, petitioner, v. Louis Fetschan
and Cross Park Realty Company. Petition for writ of certiorari to
the Circuit Court of Appeals for the Sixth Circuit denied.
No. 654. Sidmon McHie and Hammond Realty Company, peti-
tioners, v. The Fifth Avenue Bank of New York, Executor, etc. Peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of Appeals for the Sev-
enth Circuit denied.
No. 657. Edward Armstrong Bellow and McDonald Products Cor-
poration, petitioners, v. Park Sherman Co., Inc. Petition for writ of
certiorari to the Circuit Court of Appeals for the Seventh Circuit
denied.

MONDAY, FEBRUARY 15, 1943
159
No. 634. J. Wanroy Garrow, Marcita D. Garrow, et al., petitioners,
v. The United States of America. Petition for writ of certiorari to
the Circuit Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 632. Russell W. McDermott, petitioner, v. The United States
of America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of
Appeals for the Seventh Circuit denied. Mr. Justice Douglas took no
part in the consideration or decision of this application.
No. 642. F. Gerald Thomas, petitioner, v. The United States of
America; and
No. 643. F. Gerald Thomas, petitioner, v. George W. Rossetter
et al. The motion to be relieved of printing certain records is granted.
The motion of Chicago Civil Liberties Committee for leave to file a
brief as amicus curiae is granted. The petition for writs of certiorari
to the Circuit Court of Appeals for the Seventh Circuit is denied.
No. 606. Louis Buchalter, petitioner, v. People of the State of New
York. On petition for writ of certiorari to the County Court of
Kings County, State of New York;
No. 610. Emanuel Weiss, petitioner, v. People of the State of New
York. On petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals of
New York; and
No. 619. Louis Capone, petitioner, v. The People of the State of
New York. On petition for writ of certiorari to the County Court
of Kings County, State of New York. Petitions for writs of cer-
tiorari denied. The stay orders heretofore entered are vacated. Mr.
Justice Murphy and Mr. Justice Jackson took no part in the con-
sideration or decision of these applications.
No. 459. Vivian Wycliff Buie, petitioner, v. The United States of
America. The motion for leave to proceed in forma pauperis is
granted. The petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of
Appeals for the Fifth Circuit is denied.
No. 903, October Term, 1941. Robert L. Peyton, petitioner, v. Rail-
road Express Agency. Third petition for rehearing denied.
No. 268. Sterling P. Harris, Administrator, etc., petitioner, v. Zion
Savings Bank and Trust Company; and
No. 269. Margaret M. Brady, as Administratrix, etc., petitioner, v.
Roosevelt Steamship Company, Inc. Petitions for rehearing denied.
Adjourned until Monday, March 1 next, at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Monday, March 1, will be as follows: Nos.
Original. Ex parte Republic of Peru, Owner, etc., 3, 299 (and 329),
582, 454, 640 (and 461), 511, 540, 556, and 520.
☑

MONDAY, MARCH 1, 1943
160
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: The Chief Justice, Mr. Justice Roberts, Mr. Justice Black,
Mr. Justice Reed, Mr. Justice Frankfurter, Mr. Justice Douglas, Mr.
Justice Murphy, Mr. Justice Jackson, and Mr. Justice Rutledge.
Kenneth L. Kimble, of Washington, D. C.; Robert C. Barnard, of
Seattle, Wash.; Eric W. Timm, of Bay City, Mich.; Ronald A. Mac-
Millan, of Washington, D. C.; Heber Milton Clegg, of Salt Lake City,
Utah; Franklin Martin Stone, of Waseca, Minn.; P. Bowers Beachum,
Jr., of Wadesboro, N. C.; George Darrell Neilson, of Washington,
D. C.; George Morris Fay, of Washington, D. C.; Francis Dennis Flan-
agan, of Washington, D. C.; Bernard Margolius, of Washington, D.
C.; Joseph Edward Williams, of Washington, D. C.; Charles Owen.
Butler, of Washington, D. C.; Dallas Wendell Reid, of Orleans, Ind.;
Edward Stanley Lazowska, of New Bedford, Mass; Abner Frank, of
Washington, D. C.; W. Harold Skelly, of Mexico, Mo.; Joseph Pat-
rick McMahon, of Chicago, Ill.; Kelsey Loftus Martin Mott, of West
Point, N. Y.; DeForest E. Sessions, of Washington, D. C.; Martin
J. Mennehan, of Washington, D. C.; Adolph Charles Koehler, of
Lancaster, Pa.; William N. McQueen, of Montgomery, Ala.; John
Lewis Smith, Jr., of Washington, D. C.; Turner Taliaferro Smith, of
Washington, D. C.; Walter P. Smart, of Pittsburgh, Pa.; Jno. J.
O'Connell, of Pittsburgh, Pa.; Ruth Cleveland Hake, of Washington,
D. C.; Sidney Jarcho, of New York City; Paul M. Goldstein, of Phila-
delphia, Pa.; Charles Lakatos, of Philadelphia, Pa.; Orazio Raymond
Basile, of New York City; Walter X. Connor, of New York City;
Robert A. Lilly, of New York City; Morris Berzon, of Boston, Mass.;
Mary C. Vann, of Miami, Fla.; Wayne Allen, of Miami, Fla.; Mal-
colm W. Feist, of Shreveport, La.; Wm. T. Boyle, of Camden, N. J.;
Wm. Taft Feldman, of Baltimore, Md.; Geo. W. Rochester, of
Los Angeles, Calif.; Bernard K. Shapiro, of Chicago, Ill.; Herve J.
L'Heureux, of Manchester, N. H.; F. Reed Dickerson, of Chicago, Ill.;
Marcella R. Schultz, of New York City; Sol M. Linowitz, of Rochester,
N. Y.; Charles Bernard Nutting, of Iowa City, Iowa; J. Wm.
Rosenbluth, of New York City; Joseph Diamond, of Seattle, Wash.;
Archibald F. McGrath, of New York City; Nathaniel J. Ely, of Balti-
more, Md.; James R. Wilson, of Washington, D. C.; J. Daniel Hanley,
of Washington, D. C.; O. R. McGuire, Jr., of Washington, D. C.;
Herzel H. E. Plaine, of Newark, N. J.; Benjamin Chapman, of Los
Angeles, Calif.; Robert E. Kinnare, of Chicago, Ill.; John A. Gor-
488078-43--60

MONDAY, MARCH 1, 1943
161
finkel, of San Francisco, Calif.; Marcus L. Plant, of Milwaukee, Wis.;
Lothar Michaelis, of Washington, D. C.; Beatrice Rosenberg, of New
York City; George H. Jennings, of Sapulpa, Okla.; Norman J. Futor,
of Oklahoma City, Okla.; and Seymour Sheriff, of Washington, D. C.,
were admitted to practice.
No. 467. Guy T. Helvering, Commissioner of Internal Revenue,
petitioner, v. Sylvie R. Griffiths. On writ of certiorari to the United
States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit. Judgment
affirmed and cause remanded to the said Circuit Court of Appeals.
Opinion by Mr. Justice Jackson. Mr. Justice Rutledge did not par-
ticipate in the consideration or decision of this case. Dissenting
opinion by Mr. Justice Douglas in which Mr. Justice Black and Mr.
Justice Murphy join.
No. 449. Maricopa County, Arizona, W. H. Linville, as County
Treasurer, etc., et al., petitioners, v. The Valley National Bank of
Phoenix. On writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court
of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit. Judgment affirmed with costs and
cause remanded to the District Court of the United States for the
District of Arizona. Opinion by Mr. Justice Douglas. Mr. Justice
Rutledge did not participate in the consideration or disposition of
this case.
No. 490. Clearfield Trust Company, a corporation, and J. C.
Penney Company, a corporation, petitioners, v. The United States of
America. On writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court
of Appeals for the Third Circuit. Judgment affirmed and cause
remanded to the District Court of the United States for the Western
District of Pennsylvania. Opinion by Mr. Justice Douglas. Mr.
Justice Murphy and Mr. Justice Rutledge did not participate in the
consideration or disposition of this case.
No. 25. Benjamin McNabb, Freeman McNabb, et al., petitioners, v.
The United States of America. On writ of certiorari to the United
States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Sixth Circuit. Judgment
reversed and cause remanded to the District Court of the United States
for the Eastern District of Tennessee for further proceedings in con-
formity with the opinion of this Court. Opinion by Mr. Justice
Frankfurter. Mr. Justice Rutledge took no part in the consideration
or decision of this case. Dissenting opinion by Mr. Justice Reed.
No. 10. Mitchell Clifton Anderson, John Edward Simonds, Earl
Hubbard, et al., petitioners, v. The United States of America. On
writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for
the Sixth Circuit. Judgment reversed and cause remanded to the
District Court of the United States for the Eastern District of Ten-

MONDAY, MARCH 1, 1943
162
nessee for further proceedings in conformity with the opinion of this
Court. Opinion by Mr. Justice Frankfurter. Mr. Justice Jackson
and Mr. Justice Rutledge took no part in the consideration or decision
of this case. Dissenting: Mr. Justice Reed.
No. 303. Guy T. Helvering, Commissioner of Internal Revenue,
petitioner, v. American Dental Co. On writ of certiorari to the United
States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Seventh Circuit. Judgment
affirmed and cause remanded to the said Circuit Court of Appeals.
Opinion by Mr. Justice Reed. Mr. Justice Rutledge took no part in
the consideration or decision of this case. Dissenting opinion by Mr.
Justice Frankfurter, in which Mr. Justice Jackson joins.
No. 358. Hoopeston Canning Co., E. Pritchard, Inc., et al., appel-
lants, v. Thomas J. Cullen, Superintendent of Insurance of the State
of New York, et al. Appeal from the Supreme Court of the State of
New York, Albany County. Judgment affirmed with costs. Opinion
by Mr. Justice Black. The Chief Justice and Mr. Justice Jackson
concur in the result. Mr. Justice Rutledge took no part in the con-
sideration or decision of this case.
No. 518. Guy T. Helvering, Commissioner of Internal Revenue,
petitioner, v. Sabine Transportation Company, Inc. On writ of cer-
tiorari to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Fifth
Circuit. Judgment affirmed and cause remanded to the said Circuit
Court of Appeals. Opinion by Mr. Justice Roberts. Mr. Justice
Rutledge took no part in the consideration or decision of this case.
Dissenting opinion by Mr. Justice Black in which Mr. Justice Douglas
and Mr. Justice Murphy concur.
No. 399. Penn Dairies, Inc., and The United States of America,
appellants, v. The Milk Control Commission of the Commonwealth of
Pennsylvania. Appeal from the Supreme Court of the Common-
wealth of Pennsylvania. Judgment affirmed. Opinion by Mr. Chief
Justice Stone. Mr. Justice Rutledge took no part in the considera-
tion or decision of this case. Concurring opinion by Mr. Justice
Murphy. Dissenting opinion by Mr. Justice Douglas in which Mr.
Justice Black and Mr. Justice Jackson join.
No. 275. Pacific Coast Dairy, Inc., appellant, v. Department of
Agriculture of the State of California et al. Appeal from the Su-
preme Court of the State of California. Judgment reversed with
costs and cause remanded to the said Supreme Court for further
proceeding not inconsistent with the opinion of this Court. Opinion
by Mr. Justice Roberts. Mr. Justice Rutledge took no part in the
consideration or decision of this case. Mr. Justice Black, Mr. Justice
Douglas, and Mr. Justice Jackson join in the opinion but are also of
the view that the judgment should be reversed for the additional reason
set forth in the dissenting opinion in Penn Dairies, Inc., v. Milk Con-

MONDAY, MARCH 1, 1943
163
trol Comm'n, No. 399, decided this day. Dissenting opinion by Mr.
Justice Frankfurter. Dissenting opinion by Mr. Justice Murphy.
No. 424. Federal Security Administrator, petitioner, v. The Quaker
Oats Company. On writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit
Court of Appeals for the Seventh Circuit. Judgment reversed and
cause remanded to the said Circuit Court of Appeals for further pro-
ceedings in conformity with the opinion of this Court. Opinion by
Mr. Chief Justice Stone. Mr. Justice Murphy and Mr. Justice Rut-
ledge took no part in the consideration or decision of this case. Dis-
senting: Mr. Justice Roberts.
No. 458. George Sylvester Viereck, petitioner, v. The United States
of America. On writ of certiorari to the United States Court of
Appeals for the District of Columbia. Judgment reversed and cause
remanded to the District Court of the United States for the District
of Columbia for further proceedings in conformity with the opinion
of this Court. Opinion by Mr. Chief Justice Stone. Mr. Justice
Jackson and Mr. Justice Rutledge took no part in the consideration
or decision of this case. Dissenting opinion by Mr. Justice Black in
which Mr. Justice Douglas concurs.
No. 453. Marshall Field and Company, petitioner, v. National
Labor Relations Board. On writ of certiorari to the United States
Circuit Court of Appeals for the Seventh Circuit. Judgment affirmed
and cause remanded to the said Circuit Court of Appeals. Opinion,
per curiam, announced by Mr. Chief Justice Stone. Mr. Justice
Rutledge took no part in the consideration or decision of this case.
No. 11, original. Selvie Winfield Wells, petitioner, v. The United
States of America. On writ of certiorari to the United States
Circuit Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit. Order of the Circuit
Court of Appeals affirmed and cause remanded to the District Court
of the United States for the Western District of Texas. Opinion,
per curiam, announced by Mr. Chief Justice Stone. Mr. Justice
Rutledge took no part in the consideration or decision of this case.
The Chief Justice said:
"The orders of the Court appear upon the list certified by the
Chief Justice and filed with the Clerk and will not be announced
orally."
ORDER
It is ordered that the following allotment be made of the Chief
Justice and Associate Justices of this Court among the circuits,
agreeably to the Acts of Congress in such case made and provided,
and that such allotment be entered of record, viz:
For the First Circuit, Felix Frankfurter, Associate Justice.

MONDAY, MARCH 1, 1943
164
For the Second Circuit, Robert H. Jackson, Associate Justice.
For the Third Circuit, Owen J. Roberts, Associate Justice.
For the Fourth Circuit, Harlan F. Stone, Chief Justice.
For the Fifth Circuit, Hugo L. Black, Associate Justice.
For the Sixth Circuit, Stanley Reed, Associate Justice.
For the Seventh Circuit, Frank Murphy, Associate Justice.
For the Eighth Circuit, Wiley Rutledge, Associate Justice.
For the Ninth Circuit, William O. Douglas, Associate Justice.
For the Tenth Circuit, Wiley Rutledge, Associate Justice.
For the District of Columbia, Harlan F. Stone, Chief Justice.
No. -, original. Ex parte Robert L. Peyton, petitioner. The
motion for leave to file petition for writ of mandamus is denied.
No. original. Ex parte E. C. Lilly, petitioner;
-
,
No., original. Ex parte John Russell Miller, petitioner; and
No., original. Ex parte James Raymond Buchanan, Sr. The
motions for leave to file petitions for writs of habeas corpus are
denied.
No. 60. C. J. Hendry Company and Frank Sematovich, petitioners,
v. E. C. Moore et al., etc. Mandate stayed and time within which to
file petition for rehearing extended to and including March 20, next.
No. 726. Nathan Mayo and Roy Hutchinson, appellants, v. The
United States of America. In this case probable jurisdiction is noted.
No. 727. Hartford-Empire Company et al., appellants, v. The
United States of America;
No. 728. Corning Glass Works et al., appellants, v. The United
States of America;
No. 729. Owens-Illinois Glass Company et al., appellants, v. The
United States of America;
No. 730. Hazel-Atlas Glass Company et al., appellants, v. The
United States of America;
No. 731. Thatcher Manufacturing Company et al., appellants, v.
The United States of America;
No. 732. Lynch Corporation et al., appellants, v. The United States
of America;
No. 733. Ball Brothers Company et al., appellants, v. The United
States of America;
No. 734. Glass Container Association of America, Inc., et al.,
appellants, v. The United States of America;
No. 735. Isaac J. Collins, appellant, v. The United States of
America; and
No. 736. T. C. Fulton et al., appellants, v. The United States of
America. In these cases probable jurisdiction is noted. The mo-
tion to extend the time within which to file statements of points and

MONDAY, MARCH 1, 1943
165
designations of parts of the record to be printed until March 8 next is
granted.
No. 589. Whitney Bowles, petitioner, v. The United States of
America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of
Appeals for the Third Circuit granted.
No. 593. Direct Sales Company, petitioner, v. The United States of
America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of
Appeals for the Fourth Circuit granted.
No. 675. The Detroit Edison Company, petitioner, v. Commissioner
of Internal Revenue. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit
Court of Appeals for the Sixth Circuit granted. The Chief Justice
took no part in the consideration or decision of this application.
No. 721. The North American Company, petitioner, v. Securities
and Exchange Commission. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
Circuit Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit granted. The Chief
Justice took no part in the consideration or decision of this appli-
cation.
No. 725. Wilson W. Richardson, petitioner, v. The James Gibbons
Company. The motion for leave to proceed in forma pauperis is
granted. The petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of
Appeals for the Fourth Circuit is granted and the case is assigned for
argument immediately following No. 581.
No. 653. J. D. Collins, petitioner, v. W. R. Wayland et al. Peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Arizona denied.
No. 655. Bertha B. Foster et al., petitioners, v. The United States
of America; and
No. 656. Henry C. Buescher et al., petitioners, v. The United States
of America. Petition for writs of certiorari to the Circuit Court of
Appeals for the Eighth Circuit denied.
No. 658. Antoinette K. Brown, petitioner, v. Commissioner of
Internal Revenue. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court
of Appeals for the Third Circuit denied.
No. 667. American United Life Insurance Company, etc., et al.,
petitioners, v. Charles R. Fischer, Commissioner of Insurance of the
State of Iowa, as Receiver, etc. Petition for writ of certiorari to
the Circuit Court of Appeals for the Eighth Circuit denied.
No. 668. Alberta Weber De Jong, petitioner, v. Ruth Tietsort.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of Appeals for the
Seventh Circuit denied.
No. 672. Robert C. Reed, Bessie B. Reed, et al., petitioners, v.
Chicago, North Shore and Milwaukee Railroad Company. Petition
for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of Appeals for the Seventh
Circuit denied.

MONDAY, MARCH 1, 1943
166
No. 674. Arthur S. Humes, petitioner, v. Robert Hudspeth, Cecil
Shuttleworth, et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme
Court of Kansas denied.
No. 597. Ada McSparran, petitioner, v. City of Portland. Peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Oregon denied.
No. 615. Alice S. Keefe, Gertrude S. Keefe, et al., petitioners, v.
The United States. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of
Claims denied.
No. 662. John T. Dempsey, as Administrator, etc., petitioner, v.
Guaranty Trust Company of New York; and
No. 663. John T. Dempsey, as Administrator, etc., petitioner, v.
Guaranty Trust Company of New York. Petition for writs of cer-
tiorari to the Circuit Court of Appeals for the Seventh Circuit denied.
No. 665. H. F. Metcalf, as Trustee in Bankruptcy of the Estate of
F. P. Newport Corporation, Ltd., Bankrupt, petitioner, v. The United
States of America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court
of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit denied.
No. 666. Virginia Pavlis, joined by her husband Nikitas Pavlis,
et al., petitioners, v. E. Z. Jackson. Petition for writ of certiorari to
the Circuit Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 671. Town of Belleair, Florida, Debtor, petitioner, v. R. S.
Groves et al., Creditors of the said town. Petition for writ of cer-
tiorari to the Circuit Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 677. Harborside Warehouse Company, Inc., petitioner, v. The
City of Jersey City et al.;
No. 678. Harborside Warehouse Company, Inc., petitioner, v. The
City of Jersey City et al.;
No. 679. Harborside Warehouse Company, Inc., petitioner, v. The
City of Jersey City et al.; and
No. 680. Harborside Warehouse Company, Inc., petitioner, v. The
City of Jersey City et al. Petition for writs of certiorari to the Court
of Errors and Appeals of the State of New Jersey denied.
No. 673. Charles P. Boucher and Boucher Inventions, Ltd., peti-
tioners, v. Joseph G. Sola and Sola Electric Company. Peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for
the District of Columbia denied. Mr. Justice Rutledge took no part
in the consideration or decision of this application.
No. 644. Henry Hitt, Trading as Congressional Garage, et al., peti-
tioners, v. Frank A. Cardillo, Deputy Commissioner, etc. Petition
for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the
District of Columbia denied. Mr. Justice Rutledge took no part in
the consideration or decision of this application.

MONDAY, MARCH 1, 1943
167
No. 691. Ogden H. Hammond, Jr., petitioner, v. Edythe Sterling
Hammond. The motion to consider the petition for certiorari upon
the appendix to appellant's brief in the Court of Appeals is granted.
The petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of
Appeals for the District of Columbia is denied. Mr. Justice Rutledge
took no part in the consideration or decision of these applications.
No. 614. The Aviation Corporation, petitioner, v. The United
States. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Claims denied.
Mr. Justice Black and Mr. Justice Jackson took no part in the con-
sideration or decision of this application.
No. 716. J. O. Bomer, Jr., petitioner, v. State of Tennessee, on
motion of Chancellor John E. Swepston and Chancellor Lois D.
Bejach. The motion for leave to proceed in forma pauperis is
granted. The petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals
of Tennessee is denied for the reason that application therefor was
not made within the time provided by law. Section 8 (a), Act of
February 13, 1925 (43 Stat. 936, 940), 28 U. S. C., section 350.
No. 517. Gaetano Ajello, petitioner, v. Pan American Airways
Corporation et al. On petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit
Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit;
No. 664. W. L. Nix, petitioner, v. The United States of America.
On petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of Appeals for
the Fifth Circuit; and
No. 689. J. B. King, petitioner, v. Supreme Court of the State of
South Dakota. On petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme
Court of the State of South Dakota. The motions for leave to pro-
ceed in forma pauperis are granted. The petitions for writs of cer-
tiorari are denied.
No. 205. Wm. H. Johnston, petitioner, v. Wm. A. Marshall, Deputy
Commissioner, etc., et al. The motion for leave to file petition for
rehearing is granted. The petition for rehearing is denied. Mr.
Justice Rutledge took no part in the consideration or decision of these
applications.
No. 173. The United States of America, ex rel. Morris L. Marcus
et al., etc., petitioners, v. William F. Hess, et al. Petition for re-
hearing denied. Mr. Justice Murphy and Mr. Justice Rutledge took
no part in the consideration or decision of this application.
No. 630. H. Ely Goldsmith, petitioner, v. Joseph W. Sanford,
Warden, etc. Petition for rehearing denied. Mr. Justice Murphy
and Mr. Justice Rutledge took no part in the consideration or deci-
sion of this application.
-
No. Arthur S. Humes, petitioner, v. Leavenworth County,
Kansas, Selective Service Board, et al.

MONDAY, MARCH 1, 1943
168
No. 245. Ziffrin, Incorporated, appellant, v. The United States
of America et al.;
No. 281. Wayne N. Mason, Administrator, etc., petitioner, v. The
Federal Land Bank of Berkeley, a corporation;
No. 300. Howard S. Palmer et al., as Trustees, etc., petitioners, v.
Howard F. Hoffman, Individually and as Administrator, etc.;
No. 332. Le Roy J. Leishman, petitioner, v. Associated Wholesale
Electric Company, a corporation;
No. 405. J. S. Garlington et vir, petitioners, v. A. L. Wasson;
No. 603. State of Ohio, on the relation of S. H. Squire, Superin-
tendent of Banks, etc., petitioner, v. Clarence H. Porter; and
No. 604. S. H. Squire, Superintendent of Banks of the State of
Ohio, etc., petitioner, v. Cliffe U. Merriam. Petitions for rehearing
denied. Mr. Justice Rutledge took no part in the consideration or
decision of these applications.
No. --,
original. Ex parte Republic of Peru, Owner, etc., peti-
tioner. Argued on the return to the rule to show cause by Mr.
Edgar R. Kraetzer for the petitioner and by Mr. Joseph M. Rault
for the respondent.
No. 3. The United States of America, upon the relation and for the
use of The Tennessee Valley Authority, petitioner, v. W. P. N.
Powelson, Assignee, etc., et al. Three hours allowed for oral argu-
ment. Reargument commenced by Mr. William C. Fitts, Jr., for the
petitioner.
Adjourned until tomorrow at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Tuesday, March 2, will be as follows: Nos. 3, 582,
454, 460 (and 461), 520, 556, 299 (and 329), 540, 553, and 28.
☑
488078-43-61

TUESDAY, MARCH 2, 1943
Tuesday, March 2, 1943
169
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: The Chief Justice, Mr. Justice Roberts, Mr. Justice
Black, Mr. Justice Reed, Mr. Justice Frankfurter, Mr. Justice Doug-
las, Mr. Justice Murphy, Mr. Justice Jackson, and Mr. Justice
Rutledge.
John A. Boykin, Jr., of Atlanta, Ga.; William J. Butler, of New
York City; and David K. Kadane, of New York City, were admitted
to practice.
No. 3. The United States of America upon the relation and for the
use of the Tennessee Valley Authority, petitioner, v. W. P. N. Powel-
son, Assignee, etc., et al. Reargument continued by Mr. William C.
Fitts, Jr., for the petitioner; by Mr. George H. Wright for the
respondents; by Mr. George Lyle Jones for the respondent; by Mr.
George H. Wright for the respondents; and concluded by Mr. Wil-
liam C. Fitts, Jr., for the petitioner.
No. 582. Waterman Steamship Corporation, petitioner, v. David
E. Jones. Argued by Mr. Joseph W. Henderson for the petitioner
and by Mr. Abraham E. Freedman for the respondent.
No. 454. Pedro Aguilar, petitioner, v. Standard Oil Company of
New Jersey. Argument commenced by Mr. George J. Engelman for
the petitioner.
Adjourned until tomorrow at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Wednesday, March 3, will be as follows: Nos. 454,
460 (and 461), 520, 556, 299 (and 329), 540, 553, 28, 488, and
280, October Term, 1941.
✓
488078-43-62

WEDNESDAY, MARCH 3, 1943
170
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: The Chief Justice, Mr. Justice Roberts, Mr. Justice Black,
Mr. Justice Reed, Mr. Justice Frankfurter, Mr. Justice Douglas, Mr.
Justice Murphy, Mr. Justice Jackson, and Mr. Justice Rutledge.
Eli Leflar, of Rogers, Ark.; Alfred E. Sapp, of Miami, Fla.; T.
L. Withers, of Reno, Nev.; and Alexander McK. Bracken, of Muncie,
Ind., were admitted to practice.
No. 458. George Sylvester Viereck, petitioner, v. The United
States of America. Mandate ordered to issue forthwith on motion of
counsel for the petitioner.
No. 708. J. Oliver Hill, Administrator, etc., petitioner, v. Francis
L. Hawes, Individually etc., et al. Time within which to file brief
opposing petition for writ of certiorari extended to and including
March 20 next, on motion of counsel for the respondent.
No. 761. United States ex rel. Murray Brensilber et al., petitioners,
v. Bausch & Lomb Optical Company et al. Time within which to
file brief opposing petition for writ of certiorari extended to and
including April 17 next, on motion of counsel for the respondents.
No. 781. South Mercur Mining Company, a corporation, petitioner,
v. New Mercur Mining Company, a corporation, et al. Time within
which to serve petition for certiorari and record extended to and
including April 2 next, on motion of counsel for the petitioner.
No. 454. Pedro Aguilar, petitioner, v. Standard Oil Company of
New Jersey. Argument continued by Mr. George J. Engelman for
the petitioner; by Mr. Walter X. Connor for the respondent; and
concluded by Mr. George J. Engelman for the petitioner.
No. 520. L. T. Barringer and Company, appellant, v. The United
States of America et al. Argued by Mr. Nuel D. Belnap for the
appellant; by Mr. Robert L. Pierce for the appellees, The United
States and Interstate Commerce Commission; and by Mr. Roland
J. Lehman for the appellees, Atchison, Topeka and Santa Fe Ry.
Co. et al.
No. 556. Board of County Commissioners of the County of Creek,
State of Oklahoma, a municipal corporation, et al., petitioners, v.
488078-43- -63

WEDNESDAY, MARCH 3, 1943
171
Evelyn Seber et al. Argument commenced by Mr. Houston E. Hill
for the petitioners.
Adjourned until tomorrow at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Thursday, March 4, will be as follows: Nos. 556,
299 (and 329), 540, 460 (and 461), 553, 28, 488, 280, October
Term, 1941, 314, October Term, 1941, and 966, October Term, 1941.
☑

THURSDAY, MARCH 4, 1943
172
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: The Chief Justice, Mr. Justice Roberts, Mr. Justice
Black, Mr. Justice Reed, Mr. Justice Frankfurter, Mr. Justice
Douglas, Mr. Justice Murphy, Mr. Justice Jackson, and Mr. Justice
Rutledge.
Joseph T. Cawthorn, of Mansfield, La.; Moses Golden, of New
York City; and Spencer W. Reeder, of Cleveland, Ohio, were ad-
mitted to practice.
No. 597. Ada McSparran, petitioner, v. City of Portland. Time
within which to file petition for rehearing extended to and includ-
ing April 23 next, on motion of counsel for the petitioner.
No. 556. Board of County Commissioners of the County of Creek,
State of Oklahoma, a municipal corporation, et al., petitioners, v.
Evelyn Seber et al. Argument continued by Mr. George H. Jen-
nings for the respondents; by Mr. Warner W. Gardner for The
United States, as amicus curiae, by special leave of Court; and
concluded by Mr. Mac Q. Williamson for the petitioners.
No. 299. Jersey Central Power & Light Company, petitioner, v.
Federal Power Commission; and
No. 329. New Jersey Power & Light Company, petitioner, v. Fed-
eral Power Commission. Four hours allowed for reargument. Rear-
gument commenced by Mr. Frederic P. Glick for the petitioner in
No. 329; continued by Mr. John W. McDonald for the petitioner in
No. 299; by Mr. Allen P. Throop for the petitioner in No. 329; and
by Mr. Assistant Attorney General Shea for the respondent.
Adjourned until tomorrow at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Friday, March 5, will be as follows: Nos. 299 (and
329), 540, 460 (and 461), 553, 28, 488, 280, October Term, 1941,
314, October Term, 1941; 966, October Term, 1941, and 480, 481,
482, 483, 484, 485, 485, and 487).
Х
488078-43- -64

FRIDAY, MARCH 5, 1943
173
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present The Chief Justice, Mr. Justice Roberts, Mr. Justice
Black, Mr. Justice Reed, Mr. Justice Frankfurter, Mr. Justice Doug-
las, Mr. Justice Murphy, Mr. Justice Jackson, and Mr. Justice
Rutledge.
Lyle H. Kennedy, of Kansas City, Mo.; Edmund A. Fenander, of
New York City; and Walter Kurylo, of Milwaukee, Wis., were ad-
mitted to practice.
No. 299. Jersey Central Power & Light Company, petitioner, v.
Federal Power Commission; and
No. 329. New Jersey Power & Light Company, petitioner, v. Fed-
eral Power Commission. Reargument continued by Mr. Assistant
Attorney General Shea for the respondent and concluded by Mr.
Frederic P. Glick for the petitioner in No. 329.
No. 540. G. E. Myers, Trustee, etc., petitioner, v. Verna May Mat-
ley. Argued by Mr. T. L. Withers for the petitioner and case sub-
mitted by Mr. William M. Kearney for the respondent.
No. 460. National Labor Relations Board, petitioner, v. Southern
Bell Telephone and Telegraph Company; and
No. 461. National Labor Relations Board, petitioner, v. Southern
Association of Bell Telephone Employees. Argument commenced
by Mr. Robert B. Watts for the petitioner.
Adjourned until Monday next at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Monday, March 8, will be as follows: Nos. 460
(and 461), 28, 553, 488, 280, October Term, 1941, 314, October
Term, 1941, 966, October Term, 1941, 480 (481, 482, 483, 484, 485,
486, and 487), 450, and 238.
488078-43-65

MONDAY, MARCH 8, 1943
• 174
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: The Chief Justice, Mr. Justice Roberts, Mr. Justice Black,
Mr. Justice Reed, Mr. Justice Frankfurter, Mr. Justice Douglas, Mr.
Justice Murphy, Mr. Justice Jackson, and Mr. Justice Rutledge.
John Clifford Campbell, of Los Angeles, Calif.; Adelbert S. Schroe-
der, of Philadelphia, Pa.; and George W. Dexter, of Baltimore, Md.,
were admitted to practice.
No. 452. Corn Exchange National Bank and Trust Company,
Philadelphia, et al, petitioners, v. Norman Klauder, Trustee of Quaker
City Sheet Metal Co., Bankrupt. On writ of certiorari to the United
States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Third Circuit. Judgment
affirmed with costs and cause remanded to the District Court of the
United States for the Eastern District of Pennsylvania. Opinion by
Mr. Justice Jackson. Mr. Justice Rutledge took no part in the con-
sideration or decision of this case. Dissenting: Mr. Justice Roberts.
No. 80. The Choctaw Nation of Indians, petitioner, v. The United
States and The Chickasaw Nation of Indians. On writ of certiorari to
the Court of Claims. Judgment reversed and cause remanded to the
Court of Claims with instructions to dismiss the petition. Opinion by
Mr. Justice Murphy. Mr. Justice Rutledge took no part in the con-
sideration or decision of this case.
No. 559. Daisy Largent, appellant. v. The State of Texas. Appeal
from the County Court of Lamar County, Texas. Judgment reversed
with costs and cause remanded to the said County Court for further
proceedings not inconsistent with the opinion of this Court. Opinion
by Mr. Justice Reed. Mr. Justice Rutledge took no part in the con-
sideration or decision of this case.
No. 558. Mrs. Ella Jamison, appellant. v. The State of Texas.
Appeal from the County Criminal Court of Dallas County, State of
Texas. Judgment reversed with costs and cause remanded to the said
County Criminal Court for further proceedings not inconsistent with
the opinion of this Court. Opinion by Mr. Justice Black. Mr. Justice
Rutledge took no part in the consideration or decision of this case.
Mr. Justice Frankfurter acquiesces in the refusal to reconsider King
Mfg. Co. v. Augusta, 277 U. S. 100, although, for the reasons set forth
488078-43--66

MONDAY, MARCH 8, 1943
175
by Holmes and Brandeis, JJ., dissenting, he deems that case to have
been erroneously decided. Otherwise he agrees with the opinion in
this case.
No. -, original. Ex parte Elmer Davis, petitioner. Motion for
leave to file petition for writ of habeas corpus denied without preju-
dice. Opinion, per curiam, announced by Mr. Chief Justice Stone.
The Chief Justice said:
"The orders of the Court appear upon the list certified by the Chief
Justice and filed with the Clerk and will not be announced orally."
No.-, original. Ex parte Robert Spies, petitioner. The motion
for leave to file petition for writ of habeas corpus is denied.
No., original. Ex parte Margaret E. Waley, petitioner. The
motion for leave to file petition for writ of habeas corpus is denied
without prejudice to an application to the District Court.
No., Ex parte Ross Cummings Patton, petitioner. Application
for stay denied.
No. 722. Standard Dredging Corporation, appellant, v. Frieda S.
Miller, as Industrial Commissioner of the State of New York, et al.;
and
No. 723. International Elevating Company, appellant, v. Frieda S.
Miller, as Industrial Commissioner of the State of New York, et al.
In these cases probable jurisdiction is noted. The Solicitor General
is requested to file a brief as amicus curiae and to participate in the
oral argument if he so desires.
No. 696. A. W. Altvater and The Western Supplies Company, pe-
titioner, v. Benjamin W. Freeman and The Louis G. Freeman Co.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of Appeals for
the Eighth Circuit granted.
No. 698. Daniel F. Boone, petitioner, v. Clarence M. Lightner et al.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of North Caro-
lina granted.
No. 687. Rosario St. Pierre, petitioner. v. The United States of
America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of
Appeals for the Second Circuit granted. Counsel are requested to
discuss in their briefs and on the oral argument the question whether
the case is moot.
No. 552. Interstate Transit Lines, petitioner, v. Commissioner of
Internal Revenue. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court
of Appeals for the Eighth Circuit granted and the case is transferred
to the summary docket.

MONDAY, MARCH 8, 1943
176
No. 660. Moline Properties, Inc., petitioner, v. Commissioner of
Internal Revenue. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit
Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit granted. The case is trans-
ferred to the summary docket and assigned for argument imme-
diately following No. 552.
No. 640. Florence J. Bailey, as Administratrix of E. Bailey, peti-
tioner, v. Central Vermont Railway, Inc. The motion for leave to
proceed in forma pauperis is granted. The petition for writ of cer-
tiorari to the Supreme Court of Vermont is granted.
No. 676. Mark K. Frank, petitioner, v. Leon Henderson, Price
Administrator. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Emergency Court of Appeals denied.
No. 681. Acme-Evans Company, petitioner, v. National Labor Re-
lations Board. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court
of Appeals for the Seventh Circuit denied.
No. 682. Constant G. Tuffanelli, petitioner. v. The United States
of America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of
Appeals for the Seventh Circuit denied.
No. 683. J. S. Sondock and M. G. Sondock, Individually, etc., peti-
tioners, v. L. Metcalfe Walling. Administrator, etc. Petition for
writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of Appeals for the Fifth
Circuit denied.
No. 686. Guy A. Thompson, Trustee, etc., petitioner, v. Louise F.
McPherson, Administratrix, etc. Petition for writ of certiorari to
the Springfield Court of Appeals of Missouri denied.
No. 692. Band-It Company and Dental Specialty Company, peti-
tioners, v. Michael J. McAneny, Jr. Petition for writ of certiorari
to the Circuit Court of Appeals for the Tenth Circuit denied.
No. 693. L. & C. Mayers Co., Inc., petitioner, v. Guy T. Helvering,
Commissioner of Internal Revenue. Petition for writ of certiorari to
the Circuit Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit denied.
No. 694. Burrus Mill & Elevator Company of Oklahoma, peti-
tioner, v. The Chicago, Rock Island & Pacific Railway Company
et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of
Appeals for the Tenth Circuit denied.
No. 700. American Automobile Insurance Company, petitioner, v.
Employers Mutual Casualty Company. Petition for writ of
certiorari to the Circuit Court of Appeals for the Tenth Circuit
denied.
No. 703. Glenn Hill, petitioner, v. Joseph W. Sanford, Warden,
etc. The motion for leave to proceed on typewritten papers
is granted. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of
Appeals for the Fifth Circuit denied.

MONDAY, MARCH 8, 1943
177
No. 396. Chris Pedersen, Individually, etc., petitioner, v. J. F.
Fitzgerald Construction Co. The judgment entered in this case on
February 8, 1943, is amended by adding the following: "and without
prejudice to a determination of the nature of the employment of any
members of the class on whose behalf this suit has been brought."
The petition for rehearing is denied. Mr. Justice Murphy and Mr.
Justice Rutledge took no part in the consideration or decision of this
application.
No. 566. Gretta Lafuente, petitioner, v. County of Los Angeles.
The motion for leave to file a second petition for rehearing is granted.
The second petition for rehearing is denied. Mr. Justice Rutledge
took no part in the consideration or decision of this application.
No.. Ex parte James B. Goodrich, petitioner;
No. -, original. Ex parte John Mosher, petitioner ;
No. 451. Norman Baker, petitioner, v. Walter A. Hunter, Succes-
sor, etc.; and
No. 616. Louisville Gas and Electric Company, petitioner, v. Fed-
eral Power Commission. Petitions for rehearing denied. Mr.
Justice Rutledge took no part in the consideration or decision of
these applications.
The Court will take a recess from Monday, March 15, until Monday,
April 5, next.
No. 459. Vivian Wycliff Buie, petitioner, v. The United States
of America. Time within which to file petition for rehearing ex-
tended to and including March 27 next on motion of petitioner.
No., original. Ex parte Martin M. Goldman et al., petitioners.
Motion for leave to file petition for writ of mandamus presented.
No. 697. Rosie Lee Jackson et al., petitioners, v. Gulf Refining
Company et al. On petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme
Court of Louisiana. Dismissed on motion of counsel for the
petitioner.
No. 460. National Labor Relations Board, petitioner, v. Southern
Bell Telephone and Telegraph Company; and
No. 461. National Labor Relations Board, petitioner, v. Southern
Association of Bell Telephone Employees. Argument continued by
Mr. Robert B. Watts for the petitioner; by Mr. Marion Smith for the
respondent in No. 460; by Mr. James A. Branch for the respondent
in No. 461; and concluded by Mr. Robert B. Watts for the petitioner.
No. 28. The Washington Terminal Company, petitioner, v. F. E.
Boswell. Four hours allowed for reargument. Reargument com-

MONDAY, MARCH 8, 1943
178
menced by Mr. John Dickinson for the petitioner and continued by
Mr. Willard H. McEwen for the respondent.
Adjourned until tomorrow at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Tuesday, March 9, will be as follows: Nos. 28,
553, 488, 280, October Term, 1941, 314, October Term, 1941, 966,
October Term, 1941, 480 (481, 482, 483, 484, 485, 486, and 487),
450, 238, and 591.
Х

TUESDAY, MARCH 9, 1943
179
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: The Chief Justice, Mr. Justice Roberts, Mr. Justice Black,
Mr. Justice Reed, Mr. Justice Frankfurter, Mr. Justice Douglas,
Mr. Justice Murphy, Mr. Justice Jackson, and Mr. Justice Rutledge.
No. 704. Robert Redus, alias Robert Rudus, petitioner, v. State of
Alabama. The motion for leave to proceed in forma pauperis is
granted. The petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court
of the State of Alabama is denied. The application for stay is
denied.
No. 28. The Washington Terminal Company, petitioner, v. F. E.
Boswell, E. R. Burkhead, et al. Reargument continued by Mr. Wil-
lard H. McEwen for the respondents and concluded by Mr. Robert L.
Stern for The United States, as amicus curiae, by special leave of
Court.
No. 553. Joseph Galloway, by Freda Galloway, his guardian, peti-
tioner, v. The United States of America. Argued by Mr. Warren
E. Miller for the petitioner and by Mr. Lester P. Schoene for the
respondent.
No. 488. Guy T. Helvering, Commissioner of Internal Revenue,
petitioner, v. Chicago Stock Yards Company. Argument com-
menced by Mr. Assistant Attorney General Clark for the petitioner.
Adjourned until tomorrow at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Wednesday, March 10, will be as follows: Nos.
488, 280, October Term, 1941, 314, October Term, 1941, 966,
October Term, 1941, 480 (481, 482, 483, 484, 485, 486, and 487),
450, 238, 591, 581, and 725.
✓
488078-43-67

WEDNESDAY, MARCH 10, 1943
180
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: The Chief Justice, Mr. Justice Roberts, Mr. Justice
Black, Mr. Justice Reed, Mr. Justice Frankfurter, Mr. Justice Doug-
las, Mr. Justice Murphy, Mr. Justice Jackson, and Mr. Justice
Rutledge.
Theodore T. Macejko, of Struthers, Ohio; Lucille Pryor, of In-
dianapolis, Ind.; and George R. Sommer, of Newark, N. J., were
admitted to practice.
No. 238. Thelma Martin, appellant, v. City of Struthers, Ohio.
Leave granted to file brief of American Civil Liberties Union on
motion of Mr. Jordon R. Bentley in that behalf.
No. 488. Guy T. Helvering, Commissioner of Internal Revenue,
petitioner, v. Chicago Stock Yards Company. Argument continued
by Mr. Assistant Attorney General Clark for the petitioner; by
Mr. George Wharton Pepper for the respondent; and concluded by
Mr. Assistant Attorney General Clark for the petitioner.
No. 280, October Term, 1941. Rosco Jones, petitioner, v. City of
Opelika;
No. 314, October Term, 1941. Lois Bowden and Zada Sanders,
petitioners, v. City of Fort Smith, Arkansas;
No. 966, October Term, 1941. Charles Jobin, appellant, v. The
State of Arizona;
No. 480. Robert Murdock, Jr., petitioner, v. Commonwealth of
Pennsylvania (City of Jeannette);
No. 481. Anna Perisich, petitioner, v. Commonwealth of Pennsyl-
vania (City of Jeannette);
No. 482. Willard L. Mowder, petitioner, v. Commonwealth of
Pennsylvania (City of Jeannette);
No. 483. Charles Seders, petitioner, v. Commonwealth of Pennsyl-
vania (City of Jeannette);
No. 484. Robert Lamborn, petitioner, v. Commonwealth of Penn-
sylvania (City of Jeannette);
No. 485. Anthony Maltezos, petitioner, v. Commonwealth of Penn-
sylvania (City of Jeannette);
No. 486. Anastasia Tzanes, petitioner, v. Commonwealth of Penn-
sylvania (City of Jeannette);
488078-43-68

Х
WEDNESDAY, MARCH 10, 1943
181
No. 487. Ellaine Tzanes, petitioner, v. Commonwealth of Penn-
sylvania (City of Jeannette); and
No. 450. Robert L. Douglas et al., petitioners, v. City of Jeannette
(Pennsylvania), a municipal corporation, et al. Reargument of Nos.
280, 314, and 966, October Term, 1941, and argument of Nos. 480 to
487 and No. 450 commenced by Mr. Hayden C. Covington for the
petitioners and appellant and continued by Mr. Fred B. Trescher for
the respondents in Nos. 480 to 487 and No. 450.
Adjourned until tomorrow at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Thursday, March 11, will be as follows: Nos. 280,
October Term, 1941, 314, October Term, 1941, 966, October Term,
1941, 480 (481, 482, 483, 484, 485, 486, and 487), 450, 238,
591, 585, and 2.

THURSDAY, MARCH 11, 1943
182
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: The Chief Justice, Mr. Justice Roberts, Mr. Justice
Black, Mr. Justice Reed, Mr. Justice Frankfurter, Mr. Justice Doug-
las, Mr. Justice Murphy, Mr. Justice Jackson, and Mr. Justice
Rutledge.
J. W. West, Jr., of Kingsport, Tenn.; Sidney V. Smith, of New
York City; Clark J. Batter, of Washington, D. C.; G. E. V. Pelikan,
of Matawan, N. J.; Clarence G. Pickard, of Jamestown, N. Y.; and
Arthur Leon Bertram Richardson, of Schenectady, N. Y., were ad-
mitted to practice.
No. 495. G. E. Burford et al., petitioners, v. Sun Oil Company et al.;
No. 496. Sun Oil Company et al., petitioners. v. G. E. Burford
et al.; and
No. 528. O. L. Hastings et al.. petitioners, v. Selby Oil & Gas Com-
pany et al.
These cases are restored to the docket for reargument. In their
briefs and on the oral argument, counsel are requested to include a
discussion of the following questions:
(1) Does the jurisdiction of federal district courts over contro-
versies between citizens of different states include jurisdiction to re-
view the orders, involved in these cases, of the Texas Railroad Com-
mission? More particularly,
(a) Is the court proceeding provided by Texas law for judi-
cial examination of the orders of the commission a "case or con-
troversy" within the meaning of Article III of the United States
Constitution?
(b) Assuming it involves a case or controversy, does it also
involve the determination of state governmental policy com-
mitted by state statutes to the state administrative process?
(c) Does Article 6049 (c) of the Texas Civil Statutes, in pro-
viding that review of the commisson's order shall be in "a court
of competent jurisdiction in Travis County, Texas, and not else-
where," confine that review to a state court in Travis County?
(2) Are there grounds similar to those existing in Railroad
Comm'n v. Pullman Co., 312 U. S. 496, which make it appropriate for
the district court in its discretion to withhold the exercise of its
equity jurisdiction?
(3) In view of the recent decisions of the Texas courts, are there
grounds similar to those existing in Railroad Comm'n v. Rowan &
Nichols Oil Co., 311 U. S. 614, 615, which make it appropriate for the
district court to decline jurisdiction of the cause?
488078-43--69

THURSDAY, MARCH 11, 1943
183
No. 704. Robert Redus, alias Robert Rudus, petitioner, v. State of
Alabama. The application for a stay of execution, referred to the
Court by Mr. Justice Black, is granted and an order is entered
staying execution to and including April 5, next.
No. 280, October Term, 1941. Rosco Jones, petitioner, v. City of
Opelika;
No. 314, October Term, 1941. Lois Bowden and Zada Sanders,
petitioners, v. City of Fort Smith, Arkansas;
No. 966, October Term, 1941. Charles Jobin, appellant, v. The
State of Arizona;
No. 480. Robert Murdock, Jr., petitioner, v. Commonwealth of
Pennsylvania (City of Jeannette);
No. 481. Anna Perisich, petitioner, v. Commonwealth of Pennsyl-
vania (City of Jeannette)
No. 482. Willard L. Mowder, petitioner, v. Commonwealth of
Pennsylvania (City of Jeannette);
No. 483. Charles Seders, petitioner, v. Commonwealth of Pennsyl-
vania (City of Jeannette);
No. 484. Robert Lamborn, petitioner, v. Commonwealth of Penn-
sylvania (City of Jeannette);
No. 485. Anthony Maltezos, petitioner, v. Commonwealth of Penn-
sylvania (City of Jeannette) ;
No. 486. Anastasia Tzanes, petitioner, v. Commonwealth of Penn-
sylvania (City of Jeannette);
No. 487. Ellaine Tzanes, petitioner, v. Commonwealth of Penn-
sylvania (City of Jeannette); and
No. 450. Robert L. Douglas et al., petitioners, v. City of Jeannette
(Pennsylvania), a municipal corporation, et al. Argument continued
by Mr. Fred B. Trescher for the respondents in Nos. 480 to 487 and
No. 450 and concluded by Mr. Hayden C. Covington for the petition-
ers and appellant. No appearance for the respondents and appellee
in Nos. 280, 314, and 966, October Term, 1941.
No. 238. Thelma Martin, appellant, v. City of Struthers, Ohio.
Argued by Mr. Hayden C. Covington for the appellant and by Mr.
David C. Haynes and Mr. Theodore T. Macejko for the appellee.
No. 591. The West Virginia State Board of Education, etc., et al.,
appellants, v. Walter Barnette et al. Argued by Mr. W. Holt Wood-
dell for the appellants and by Mr. Hayden C. Covington for the
appellees.
Adjourned until tomorrow at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Friday, March 12, will be as follows: No. 2.
У

FRIDAY, MARCH 12, 1943
184
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: The Chief Justice, Mr. Justice Roberts, Mr. Justice Black,
Mr. Justice Reed, Mr. Justice Frankfurter. Mr. Justice Douglas, Mr.
Justice Murphy, Mr. Justice Jackson, and Mr. Justice Rutledge.
J. S. Allen, of Memphis, Tenn.; Newton Benjamin Powell, of De-
catur, Ala.; Mortimer Allen Sullivan, of Buffalo, N. Y.; William Mer-
tens, Jr, of New York City; L. Lawrence Green, of New York City:
and Henry H. Hanna, of Pittsburgh, Pa., were admitted to practice.
No. 554. National Broadcasting Company, Inc., et al., appellants,
v. The United States of America et al.; and
No. 555. Columbia Broadcasting System, Inc., appellant, v. The
United States of America et al. The motion for a temporary re-
straining order in each case is granted, and the stay entered by the
District Court is continued until 10 days after the filing in the District
Court of this Court's mandates upon decision of the appeals.
No. 2. William Schneiderman. petitioner, v. The United States of
America. Three hours allowed for reargument. Reargued by Mr.
Wendell L. Willkie for the petitioner and by Mr. Solicitor General
Fahy for the respondent.
Adjourned until Monday, March 15 next, at 12 o'clock.
488078-43-70

MONDAY, MARCH 15, 1943
185
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: The Chief Justice, Mr. Justice Roberts, Mr. Justice Black,
Mr. Justice Reed, Mr. Justice Frankfurter, Mr. Justice Douglas, Mr.
Justice Murphy, Mr. Justice Jackson, and Mr. Justice Rutledge.
Arthur V. Getchell, of Boston, Mass.; Escar R. Wren, of Houston,
Tex.; Bailey M. Salmon, of Longview, Tex.; Anthony John Marion,
of Waynesburg, Pa.; Harry Palmer Jeffrey, of Dayton, Ohio; and
Homer Hudson Henrie, of Xenia, Ohio, were admitted to practice.
No. 551. Allan D. Emil, as Trustee in Bankruptcy of John M.
Russell, Inc., petitioner, v. Harry Hanley, Receiver. On writ of cer-
tiorari to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Second
Circuit. Judgment affirmed with costs and cause remanded to the
District Court of the United States for the Eastern District of New
York. Opinion by Mr. Justice Douglas. Mr. Justice Rutledge took
no part in the consideration or decision of this case.
No. 11. Group of Institutional Investors and Mutual Savings
Bank Group, petitioners, v. Chicago, Milwaukee, St. Paul & Pacific
Railroad Co.;
No. 12. Group of Institutional Investors and Mutual Savings
Bank Group, petitioners, v. Union Trust Co. and Illinois State Trust
Co., as Trustees, et al.;
No. 13. Group of Institutional Investors and Mutual Savings
Bank Group, petitioners, v. Israel A. Abrams et al.;
No. 14. Group of Institutional Investors and Mutual Savings
Bank Group, petitioners, v. H. C. Orton et al., etc.;
No. 15. Group of Institutional Investors and Mutual Savings
Bank Group, petitioners, v. Guaranty Trust Co. of New York et al.,
etc.;
No. 16. Group of Institutional Investors and Mutual Savings
Bank Group, petitioners, v. Chicago, Terre Haute & Southeastern Ry.
Co. et al.;
No. 17. Group of Institutional Investors and Mutual Savings
Bank Group, petitioners, v. United States Trust Co. of New York, as
Trustee, etc.;
No. 18. Group of Institutional Investors and Mutual Savings
Bank Group, petitioners, v. Trustees of Princeton University et al.,
etc.;
488078-43-71

MONDAY, MARCH 15, 1943
186
No. 19. Group of Institutional Investors and Mutual Savings
Bank Group, petitioners, v. E. Stanley Glines et al., etc.; and
No. 32. Reconstruction Finance Corporation, petitioner, v. Chi-
cago, Milwaukee, St. Paul and Pacific Railroad Company et al. On
writs of certiorari to the Circuit Court of Appeals for the Seventh
Circuit. Judgments reversed in part and affirmed in part, each party
to pay his or its own costs, and cases remanded to the District Court
of the United States for the Northern District of Illinois for further
proceedings in conformity with the opinion of this Court. Opinion
by Mr. Justice Douglas. Mr. Justice Jackson and Mr. Justice Rutledge
did not participate in the consideration or decision of these cases.
Opinion by Mr. Justice Roberts dissenting in part.
No. 7. Frederick H. Ecker, John W. Stedman, and Reeve Schley,
Constituting Institutional Bondholders Committee, petitioners, v.
Western Pacific Railroad Corporation, A. C. James Co., The Railroad
Credit Corporation, et al.;
No. 8. Crocker First National Bank of San Francisco and Samuel
Armstrong, as Trustees under the Western Pacific Railroad Company
First Mortgage, dated June 26, 1916, petitioners, v. Western Pacific
Railroad Corporation, The Western Pacific Railroad Company,
Irving Trust Company, etc., et al.;
No. 20. The Western Pacific Railroad Company, petitioner, v.
Frederick H. Ecker et al.;
No. 33. Reconstruction Finance Corporation, petitioner, v. Western
Pacific Railroad Corporation, A. C. James Co., et al.; and
No. 61. Irving Trust Company, as substituted trustee under the
General and Refunding Mortgage of Western Pacific Railroad Com-
pany, petitioner, v. Crocker First National Bank of San Francisco
et al., etc. On writs of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court
of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit. Judgment of the Circuit Court
of Appeals reversed with costs and that of the District Court affirmed
and cases remanded to the District Court of the United States for the
Northern District of California. Opinion by Mr. Justice Reed. Mr.
Justice Frankfurter agrees with the opinion barring only the views
expressed regarding the respective functions of the Interstate Com-
merce Commission and the district judge, under Section 77 of the
Bankruptcy Act. Mr. Justice Jackson and Mr. Justice Rutledge
took no part in the consideration or decision of these cases.
curring opinion by Mr. Justice Roberts in which Mr. Justice Frank-
furter joins.
Con-
No. 529. The United States of America, appellant, v. Swift and
Company, Armour and Company, The Cudahy Packing Company,
et al. Appeal from the District Court of the United States for the
District of Colorado. Cause remanded to the United States Circuit

MONDAY, MARCH 15, 1943
187
Court of Appeals for the Tenth Circuit in compliance with the Act
of May 9, 1942, which court will have authority to pass upon the
construction both of the indictment and the statute. Opinion, per
curiam, announced by Mr. Chief Justice Stone. Mr. Justice Rut-
ledge took no part in the consideration or decision of this case. Dis-
senting: Mr. Justice Black, Mr. Justice Douglas, and Mr. Justice
Murphy. Concurring opinion by Mr. Justice Jackson.
The Chief Justice said:
"The orders of the Court appear upon the list certified by the Chief
Justice and filed with the Clerk and will not be announced orally."
No. People of the United States ex rel. James Purcell, peti-
tioner, v. State of New York et al. Application denied.
No., Original. Ex parte Daisy D. Wilson, petitioner. Applica-
tions denied.
No. -
Original. Ex parte Charles H. Cochran, petitioner. Appli-
cation denied.
No. -, Original. Ex parte Martin M. Goldman and Jacob P. Shul-
man, petitioners. The motion for leave to file petition for writ of
mandamus is denied.
No., Original. Ex parte Sam Miner, petitioner;
No., Original. Ex parte Joe Sowder, petitioner;
-
No. , Original. Ex parte Joseph Greco, petitioner. The motions
for leave to file petitions for writs of habeas corpus are denied.
No. 12, original. The United States of America, complainant, v.
The State of Louisiana, Louisiana Land and Exploration Company,
Louisiana Gulf Refining Company, and Southern Sulphur Corpo-
ration. It is ordered that Streeter B. Flynn, Esquire, of Oklahoma
City, Oklahoma, be, and he is hereby, appointed a Commissioner in
this cause, for the purpose of perpetuating testimony, with authority
to summon witnesses at the request of the parties, to issue subpoenas,
and to take such evidence as may be introduced and such additional
testimony as he may deem it necessary to call for from the persons
summoned as witnesses at the request of the parties. The Commis-
sioner is directed to take and return the evidence with all convenient
speed; but he shall not make any findings of fact or state any con-
clusions of law. The Commissioner shall be allowed his actual
expenses and a reasonable compensation for his services to be fixed
hereafter by the Court. The allowance to him, the compensation
paid to his stenographic and clerical assistants, and any other costs
which it shall be necessary for him to incur, shall be charged against
and be borne by the parties in such proportion as the Court hereafter
may direct. If the place of Commissioner becomes vacant during a

MONDAY, MARCH 15, 1943
188
recess of the Court, the Chief Justice shall have authority to make
a new designation which shall have the same effect as if originally
made by the Court herein.
No. 490. Clearfield Trust Company, a corporation, et al., petition-
ers v. The United States of America. Ordered that the opinion in this
case dated March 1, 1943, be amended by striking the sentence begin-
ning on the 5th line from the bottom of page 3, which reads: "Its facts
are practically on all fours with those of the present case."
No. 783. Matton Steamboat Co., Inc., et al., appellants, v. Frieda
S. Miller, as Industrial Commissioner of the State of New York et al.;
and
No. 813. Lake Tankers Corporation, appellant, v. Frieda S. Miller,
as Industrial Commissioner of the State of New York, et al. In these
cases further consideration of the question of the jurisdiction of this
Court is postponed to the hearing of the cases on the merits. In each
case counsel are requested to discuss in their briefs and on the oral
argument the questions (1) whether the appeal was applied for within
the time provided by law, and (2) whether the judgment is final.
No. 684. County of Mahnomen, a municipal corporation, petitioner,
v. The United States of America. Petition for writ of certiorari to
the Circuit Court of Appeals for the Eighth Circuit granted.
No. 707. Benjamin W. Freeman, petitioner, v. Bee Machine Com-
pany, Inc. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of
Appeals for the First Circuit granted.
No. 709. Virginia Electric and Power Company, petitioner, v. Na-
tional Labor Relations Board. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
Circuit Court of Appeals for the Fourth Circuit granted.
No. 606. Louis Buchalter, petitioner, v. People of the State of
New York;
No. 610. Emanuel Weiss, petitioner, v. People of the State of New
York; and
No. 619. Louis Capone, petitioner, v. The People of the State of
New York. The petition for rehearing is granted. The orders deny-
ing certiorari are vacated and the petitions for writs of certiorari to
the County Court of Kings County, New York, in Nos. 606 and 619,
and to the Court of Appeals of New York in No. 610, are granted.
Execution and enforcement of the sentence of death in each of these
cases is stayed until the further order of this Court. Mr. Justice
Murphy and Mr. Justice Jackson took no part in the consideration
or decision of these applications.
No. 695. The United States of America, petitioner, v. The First
National Bank, Albuquerque, New Mexico. Petition for writ of cer-
tiorari to the Circuit Court of Appeals for the Tenth Circuit denied.

MONDAY, MARCH 15, 1943
189
No. 699. Peoples Packing Company, Inc., petitioner, v. L. Metcalf
Walling, Administrator of the Wage and Hour Division, United
States Department of Labor. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
Circuit Court of Appeals for the Tenth Circuit denied.
No. 702. Aintree Corporation, petitioner, v. National Labor Re-
lations Board. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of
Appeals for the Seventh Circuit denied.
No. 706. Quality and Service Laundry, Inc., petitioner, v. National
Labor Relations Board. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit
Court of Appeals for the Fourth Circuit denied.
No. 714. People of Puerto Rico, petitioner, v. The United States
of America et al.; and
No. 715. People of Puerto Rico, petitioner, v. The United States
of America et al. Petition for writs of certiorari to the Circuit Court
of Appeals for the First Circuit denied.
No. 719. William L. Murray, as Agent, etc., petitioner, v. Nobles-
ville Milling Company. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Cir-
cuit Court of Appeals for the Seventh Circuit denied.
No. 39. Chicago, Terre Haute and Southeastern Railway Company
et al., petitioners, v. Group of Institutional Investors et al.;
No. 47. Chicago, Milwaukee, St. Paul and Pacific Railroad Com-
pany, petitioner, v. Group of Institutional Investors et al.;
No. 51. Trustees of Princeton University et al., petitioners, v.
Group of Institutional Investors et al.;
No. 52. Guaranty Trust Company of New York, etc., et al., peti-
tioners, v. Group of Institutional Investors et al.;
No. 53. E. Stanley Glines, etc., et al., petitioners, v. Group of Insti-
tutional Investors et al.;
No. 54. H. C. Orton et al., petitioners, v. Group of Institutional
Investors et al.; and
No. 55. United States Trust Company, as Trustee, petitioner, v.
Group of Institutional Investors et al. Petitions for writs of cer-
tiorari to the Circuit Court of Appeals for the Seventh Circuit denied.
Mr. Justice Rutledge took no part in the consideration or decision of
these applications.
No. 661. Orman W. Ewing, petitioner, v. The United States of
America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court
of Appeals for the District of Columbia denied. Mr. Justice Rut-
ledge took no part in the consideration or decision of this application.
No. 690. Ogden H. Hammond, Jr., petitioner, v. Cordell Hull,
Adolph A. Berle, Jr., et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
United States Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia denied.
The motion for leave to supplement the complaint is also denied.

MONDAY, MARCH 15, 1943
190
Mr. Justice Rutledge took no part in the consideration or decision of
these applications.
No. 685. Jack Graham, petitioner, v. Warden, United States Peni-
tentiary, McNeil Island, Washington. On petition for writ of
certiorari to the Circuit Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit;
No. 701. Joseph P. Lynch, petitioner, v. The United States of
America. On petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of
Appeals for the Third Circuit; and
No. 784. Hazel Frances Goodale, petitioner, v. Charles S. Camp-
bell et al. On petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court
of the State of Michigan. The motions for leave to proceed in forma
pauperis are granted. The petitions for writs of certiorari are
denied.
No. 630. H. Ely Goldsmith, petitioner, v. Joseph W. Sanford,
Warden, etc. Application denied. Mr. Justice Murphy and Mr.
Justice Rutledge took no part in the consideration or decision of this
application.
No. 273. Enoch L. Johnson, petitioner, v. The United States of
America. Petition for rehearing denied. Mr. Justice Murphy, Mr.
Justice Jackson, and Mr. Justice Rutledge took no part in the
consideration or decision of this application.
No. 632. Russell W. McDermott, petitioner, v. The United States
of America. Petition for rehearing denied. Mr. Justice Douglas
and Mr. Justice Rutledge took no part in the consideration or decision
of this application.
No. 348. Mrs. John Hilley, petitioner, v. Wid Spivey, Sheriff;
No. 350. Tully B. Killam, petitioner, v. City of Floresville;
No. 622. The Gerity-Whitaker Company et al., petitioners, v. Na-
tional Labor Relations Board;
No. 633. Pickering Lumber Company, petitioner, v. Sophia White-
side et al.;
No. 634. J. Wanroy Garrow et al., petitioners, v. The United States
of America;
No. 642. F. Gerald Thomas, petitioner, v. The United States of
America;
No. 643. F. Gerald Thomas, petitioner, v. George W. Rossetter
et al.;
No. 645. William Dudley Pelley, petitioner, v. The United States
of America;
No. 646. Lawrence A. Brown, petitioner, v. The United States of
America;
No. 647. Fellowship Press, Inc., petitioner, v. The United States
of America; and

MONDAY, MARCH 15, 1943
191
No. 669. Allied Mills, Inc., appellant, v. Department of Treasury
of the State of Indiana et al. Petitions for rehearing denied. Mr.
Justice Rutledge took no part in the consideration or decision of
these applications.
No. 705. Adah Lenora Saunders, petitioner, v. Guy T. Helvering,
Commissioner of Internal Revenue. On petition for writ of certio-
rari to the Circuit Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit. Dis-
missed on motion of counsel for the petitioner.
Adjourned until Monday, April 5, next at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Monday, April 5, will be as follows: Nos. 585,
581, 725, 569, 636, 584, 511, 580, 628, and 629.
Х

MONDAY, APRIL 5, 1943
192
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: The Chief Justice, Mr. Justice Roberts, Mr. Justice Black,
Mr. Justice Reed, Mr. Justice Frankfurter, Mr. Justice Douglas, and
Mr. Justice Rutledge.
Julian Webb, of Valdosta, Ga.; Terence P. McDermott, of Mil-
waukee, Wis.; Warren J. Kenney, of Wauwatosa, Wis.; Thomas D.
Woodward, of Nashville, Tenn.; Horace Zed Gant, of Van Buren,
Ark.; Bernice L. Keplinger, of Canton, Ohio; Lee Gilmour Paul, of
Los Angeles, Calif.; J. Marcus Hardin, of Oakland, Calif.; Arnold R.
Boyd, of New York City; A. Lincoln Herr, of Oklahoma City,
Okla.; L. F. Kuechler, of San Francisco, Calif.; Anthony A. Pable,
of Clifton, N. J.; Charles T. LeViness, of Baltimore, Md.; Gordon
Farley, of Nogales, Ariz.; Laurence R. Hamblen, of Spokane, Wash.;
William D. Lyerle, of Jonesboro, Ill.; T. Herbert Hamilton, of Pitts-
burgh, Pa.; Mary C. Martin, of Springfield, Ill.; George W. Brown,
Jr., of Beaumont, Tex.; Edmund C. Bowie, of Washington, D. C.;
George L. Powell, of York, Pa.; Robert A. Leflar, of Fayetteville,
Ark.; Lee E. Joslyn, Jr., of Detroit, Mich.; Charles J. Wick, of Buffalo,
N. Y.; Francis J. Mahoney, of New York City; Gerald P. Culkin, of
New York City; John Cincotta, of Brooklyn, N. Y.; Estela Romualdez
Sulit, of Manila, P. I.; Morris Amchan, of New York City; Earl Bab-
cock, of Duncan, Okla.; Jack N. Tucker, of Detroit, Mich.; and Morton
A. Eden, of Detroit, Mich., were admitted to practice.
No. 436. Joseph De Zon, petitioner, v. American President Lines,
Ltd. On writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of Ap-
peals for the Ninth Circuit. Judgment affirmed and cause remanded
to the District Court of the United States for the Northern District
of California. Opinion by Mr. Justice Jackson announced by the
Chief Justice. Mr. Justice Rutledge did not participate in the con-
sideration or decision of this case. Dissenting opinion by Mr. Justice
Black in which Mr. Justice Douglas and Mr. Justice Murphy join.
No. 327. Fred Fisher Music Co., Inc., and George Graff, Jr., peti-
tioners, v. M. Witmark & Sons. On writ of certiorari to the United
States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit. Judgment
affirmed with costs and cause remanded to the District Court of the
United States for the Southern District of New York. Opinion by
488078-43-72

MONDAY, APRIL 5, 1943
193
Mr. Justice Frankfurter. Mr. Justice Rutledge took no part in the
consideration or decision of this case. Dissenting: Mr. Justice Black,
Mr. Justice Douglas, and Mr. Justice Murphy.
No. 321. The Creek Nation, petitioner, v. The United States;
and
No. 322. The Seminole Nation, petitioner, v. The United States.
On writs of certiorari to the Court of Claims. Judgments affirmed.
Opinion by Mr. Justice Black. Mr. Justice Rutledge took no part in
the consideration or decision of these cases. Dissenting opinion by
Mr. Justice Murphy in which Mr. Justice Frankfurter joins.
No. 22. Guy T. Helvering, Commissioner of Internal Revenue,
petitioner, v. R. A. Sprouse. On writ of certiorari to the United
States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit; and
No. 66. Emil H. Strassburger, petitioner, v. Commissioner of In-
ternal Revenue. On writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit
Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit. Judgment in No. 22
affirmed and cause remanded to the Circuit Court of Appeals for the
Ninth Circuit; judgment in No. 66 reversed and cause remanded to
the Circuit Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit for further pro-
ceedings in conformity with the opinion of this Court. Opinion by
Mr. Justice Roberts. Mr. Justice Rutledge took no part in the con-
sideration or decision of these cases. Dissenting in each case, Mr.
Justice Reed, Mr. Justice Frankfurter, and Mr. Justice Jackson.
No. 319. Fidelity Assurance Association, a corporation, debtor,
and Central Trust Company, Trustee for Fidelity Assurance Asso-
ciation, petitioners, v. Edgar B. Sims, Auditor of the State of West
Virginia, and ex-officio Insurance Commissioner of the State of West
Virginia, et al. On writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit
Court of Appeals for the Fourth Circuit. Judgment affirmed with
costs and cause remanded to the District Court of the United States
for the Southern District of West Virginia. Opinion by Mr. Justice
Roberts. Mr. Justice Douglas and Mr. Justice Rutledge took no part
in the consideration or decision of this case.
No. 540. G. E. Myers, Trustee of the Estate of Marshall Reno
Matley, Formerly doing business under the name and style of Mat-
ley's Food Stores, petitioner, v. Verna May Matley. On writ of
certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Ninth
Circuit. Judgment affirmed with costs and cause remanded to the
District Court of the United States for the District of Nevada.
Opinion by Mr. Justice Roberts.
No. 13, original. Ex parte Republic of Peru, Owner of the Pe-
ruvian Steamship "Ucayali." Motion for leave to file petition for
writ of prohibition and/or mandamus granted. Opinion by Mr.

MONDAY, APRIL 5, 1943
194
Chief Justice Stone. Mr. Justice Roberts concurs in the result.
Dissenting opinion by Mr. Justice Frankfurter. Mr. Justice Reed
is of the opinion that this Court has jurisdiction to grant the writ
requested, but concurs in the dissent of Mr. Justice Frankfurter on
the ground that application for the writ sought should have been
made first to the Circuit Court of Appeals.
The Chief Justice said:
"The orders of the Court appear upon the list certified by the
Chief Justice and filed with the Clerk and will not be announced
orally."
No. 288. Agricultural Prorate Commission of the State of Cali-
fornia et al., appellants, v. Mutual Orange Distributors, a corpora-
tion, et al. Appeal from the District Court of the United States for
the Southern District of California. Per curiam: The motion to
vacate the judgment is granted. The judgment of the District Court
is vacated, without costs to either party in this Court, and the cause
is remanded to the District Court with directions to dismiss the bill
of complaint as moot. United States v. Hamburg-American Co.,
239 U. S. 466, 477-8; Brownlow v. Schwartz, 261 U. S. 216; Para-
mount Pictures, Inc., v. Langer, 306 U. S. 619; Retail Food Clerks
& Managers Union v. Union Premier Food Stores, 308 U. S. 526.
No. -, original. Ex parte Forest G. Wood, petitioner. The mo-
tion for leave to file petition for writ of habeas corpus is denied with-
out prejudice for the reasons stated in Ex parte Elmer Davis, decided
March 8, 1943.
No., original. Ex parte Edward J. Borah, petitioner;
No., original. Ex parte Clarence M. Holmes, petitioner; and
No., original. Ex parte Charles Jennings, petitioner. The mo-
tions for leave to file petitions for writs of habeas corpus are denied.
No.. Ex parte Frank Kuczynski, petitioner. Application denied.
No. 497. A. M. Anderson, Receiver, etc., petitioner, v. Katherine
Kirkpatrick Abbott, Administratrix, etc., et al. This case is ordered
restored to the docket for reargument.
No. 870. Gordon Kiyoshi Hirabayashi v. The United States of
America;
and
No. 871. Minoru Yasui v. The United States of America. In
accordance with section 239 of the Judicial Code (28 U. S. C., section
346), it is ordered that the entire record in each of these cases be
certified up to this Court so that the whole matter in controversy may
be considered by the Court.

MONDAY, APRIL 5, 1943
195
No. 458. George Sylvester Viereck, petitioner, v. The United States
of America. The motion of the petitioner to dismiss his motion to
make the mandate in this case more definite and certain is granted.
No. 816. The Hunter Company, Inc., appellant, v. Joseph L.
McHugh, Commissioner of Conservation of the State of Louisiana,
et al.;
No. 826. R. E. Taylor, appellant, v. State of Mississippi;
No. 827. Betty Benoit, appellant, v. State of Mississippi; and
No. 828. Clem Cummings, appellant, v. State of Mississippi. In
these cases probable jurisdiction is noted.
No. 840. The United States of America, appellant, v. Dick John-
son. Further consideration of the question of the jurisdiction of
this Court in this case is postponed to the hearing of the case on the
merits. Counsel are requested to discuss in their briefs and on the
oral argument the questions (1) whether the suit is collusive; (2)
whether the decision of the District Court is of such character as
to be directly appealable to this Court under 28 U. S. C. section 349
(a); (3) whether any case or controversy exists reviewable in this
Court, in the absence of an appeal by the party plaintiff defeated in
the District Court; (4) whether the questions decided by the District
Court were within its jurisdiction, in view of the provisions of sec-
tion 204 (d) of the Emergency Price Control Act of 1942.
No. 717. The United States of America, petitioner, v. Joseph H.
Dotterweich. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court
of Appeals for the Second Circuit granted.
No. 756. Frank Roberts, petitioner, v. The United States of Amer-
ica. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of Appeals
for the Fifth Circuit granted.
No. 794. Samuel Green, d. b. a. Green Vacuum Cleaner Company
(not Inc.), petitioner, v. Electric Vacuum Cleaner Company, Inc.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of Appeals for the
Sixth Circuit granted.
No. 750. Thad Benson Carter, petitioner, v. George A. Kubler.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of Appeals for
the Sixth Circuit granted limited to the first question presented by
the petition and the case is transferred to the summary docket. Coun-
sel are requested to discuss in their briefs and on the oral argument
the question whether the error, if any, was cured by the District
Court's review.
No. 708. J. Oliver Hill, Administrator, etc., petitioner, v. Francis
L. Hawes, Individually and as Trustee, etc. Petition for writ of cer-

MONDAY, APRIL 5, 1943
196
tiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the District of
Columbia granted and the case is transferred to the summary docket.
No. 766. Virginian Hotel Corporation of Lynchburg, petitioner,
v. Guy T. Helvering, Commissioner of Internal Revenue. Petition
for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of Appeals for the Fourth
Circuit granted and the case is transferred to the summary docket.
No. 849. Great Lakes Dredge & Dock Company et al., petitioners,
v. Philip J. Charlet, Administrator, etc., et al. Petition for writ
of certiorari to the Circuit Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit
granted and case assigned for argument immediately following No.
813. Counsel are requested to discuss in their briefs and on the oral
argument the question whether the declaratory judgment procedure
can be appropriately used in this case where the complaint seeks a
judgment against a state officer to prevent enforcement of a state
statute.
No. 787. L. McLeod, petitioner, v. M. C. Threlkeld et al., etc.
The motion for leave to proceed in forma pauperis is granted. The
petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of Appeals for the
Fifth Circuit is also granted.
No. 688. A. M. Mead, petitioner, v. Commissioner of Internal
Revenue. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of Ap-
peals for the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 724. Central West Coal Company, petitioner, v. Commis-
sioner of Internal Revenue. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
Circuit Court of Appeals for the Seventh Circuit denied.
No. 743. Reading Company, petitioner, v. Commissioner of In-
ternal Revenue. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court
of Appeals for the Third Circuit denied.
No. 748. Helen M. Githens, petitioner, v. Estate of George W.
Zoell, deceased. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court
of Pennsylvania denied.
No. 718. People of the State of Illinois, ex rel. City of Highland
Park, petitioner, v. George R. McKibbin, Director of Finance of the
State of Illinois. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme
Court of Illinois denied.
No. 744. Monroe J. Stewart, petitioner, v. The United States of
America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of Ap-
peals for the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 747. Washington, Marlboro, and Annapolis Motor Lines, Inc.,
petitioner, v. Leon Henderson, Price Administrator, etc. Petition for
writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the Dis-
trict of Columbia denied.

MONDAY, APRIL 5, 1943
197
No. 755. John Clayton Cridlebaugh, Trading as Marvel Com-
pany, petitioner, v. Maurice L. Rudolph, Trading as Rudolph Poultry
Equipment Company. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit
Court of Appeals for the Third Circuit denied.
No. 807. Malcolm H. MacBryde, Jr., Individually, etc., et al.,
petitioners, v. Alice D. Parker, Executrix, etc., et al.; and
No. 808. Malcolm H. MacBryde, Jr., Individually, etc., et al.,
petitioners, v. John W. Davidge, Individually, etc. Petition for writs
of certiorari to the Circuit Court of Appeals for the Fourth Circuit
denied.
No. 770. Cooperative Transit Company, petitioner, v. West Penn
Electric Company et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit
Court of Appeals for the Fourth Circuit denied.
No. 773. Sam Cerami, petitioner, v. Wm. D. Haas, Jr. Petition
for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Louisiana denied.
No. 775. General Shale Products Corporation, petitioner, v. Struck
Construction Company et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
Circuit Court of Appeals for the Sixth Circuit denied.
No. 782. Colonial Milling Company, petitioner, v. Commissioner
of Internal Revenue. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit
Court of Appeals for the Sixth Circuit denied.
No. 785. Maurice Levy, petitioner, v. Guy T. Helvering, Commis-
sioner of Internal Revenue. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
Circuit Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit denied.
No. 789. Mitsubishi Shoji Kaisha, Ltd., et al., petitioners, v.
Societe Purfina Maritime, a corporation. Petition for writ of certi-
orari to the Circuit Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit denied.
Mr. Justice Murphy and Mr. Justice Jackson took no part in the con-
sideration or decision of this application.
No. 792. Max Stephan, petitioner, v. The United States of Amer-
ica. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of Appeals
for the Sixth Circuit denied. Mr. Justice Murphy and Mr. Justice
Jackson took no part in the consideration or decision of this
application.
No. 793. The City of New York, petitioner, v. The United States
of America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of
Appeals for the Second Circuit denied. Mr. Justice Murphy and Mr.
Justice Jackson took no part in the consideration or decision of this
application.
No. 798. City of Indianapolis, petitioner, v. Dan H. Wheeler, Act-
ing Director Bituminous Coal Division of the Department of Interior
etc., et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of

MONDAY, APRIL 5, 1943
198
Appeals for the Seventh Circuit denied. Mr. Justice Murphy and
Mr. Justice Jackson took no part in the consideration or decision of
this application.
No. 820. R. L. Hyer and W. M. Davis and Son Company, a cor-
poration, petitioners, v. Benjamin H. Roth et al., etc. Petition for
writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of Appeals for the Fifth
Circuit denied. Mr. Justice Murphy and Mr. Justice Jackson took
no part in the consideration or decision of this application.
No. 751. Charles A. Miller, petitioner, v. Wisconsin Department
of Taxation and Elmer S. Barlow, as Commissioner, etc. Arthur E.
Wegner, present Commissioner of Taxation of the State of Wiscon-
sin, substituted and a party respondent in the place and stead of
Elmer S. Barlow, per stipulation of counsel. Petition for writ of
certiorari to the Supreme Court of Wisconsin denied.
No. 763. Dixie Rose Nursery, petitioner, v. Conway P. Coe, Com-
missioner of Patents. The motion to dispense with the printing of
the record is granted. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United
States Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia denied. Mr.
Justice Rutledge took no part in the consideration or decision of
these applications.
No. 767. Margo Reginelli, petitioner, v. The United States of
America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of Ap-
peals for the Third Circuit denied. Mr. Justice Murphy is of opin-
ion that certiorari should be granted.
No. 651. Duncan C. McCrea, petitioner, v. The People of the State
of Michigan;
No. 738. Thomas C. Wilcox, petitioner, v. The People of the State
of Michigan;
No. 739. Eddie Way, petitioner, v. The People of the State of
Michigan;
No. 740. Ben Landsberg, petitioner, v. The People of the State of
Michigan;
No. 741. Louis Elliott, petitioner, v. The People of the State of
Michigan;
No. 742. Clyde Stambaugh, petitioner, v. The People of the State
of Michigan; and
No. 771. Bertha Malone, petitioner, v. The People of the State of
Michigan. Petitions for writs of certiorari to the Supreme Court of
Michigan denied. The stay orders heretofore entered are vacated.
Mr. Justice Murphy took no part in the consideration or decision of
these applications.

MONDAY, APRIL 5, 1943
199
No. 746. Edward D. Markham, petitioner, v. People of the State
of Illinois, ex rel. Earle G. H. Cromer et al. The motion of Illinois
State's Attorney's Association for leave to file a brief as amicus curiae
is granted. The petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court
of Illinois is denied.
No. 712. Raymond Nichols et al., petitioners, v. Frank Kubina.
On petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Wisconsin;
No. 745. Victor S. Moore, petitioner, v. The United States of
America. On petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of
Appeals for the Fifth Circuit;
No. 754. Estella Reece, a widow, petitioner, v. Theodore Ebers-
bach et al. On petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court
of Florida; and
No. 764. Joseph E. Jones, petitioner, v. Hon. Francis Biddle,
Attorney General of the United States. On petition for writ of cer-
tiorari to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Eighth
Circuit. The motions for leave to proceed in forma pauperis are
granted. The petitions for writ of certiorari are denied.
No. 768. Jack Clarence Dodd, petitioner, v. State of Kansas.
The motion for leave to proceed in forma pauperis is granted. The
petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Kansas is
denied. Mr. Justice Murphy and Mr. Justice Jackson took no part
in the consideration or decision of these applications.
No. 556. Board of County Commissioners of the County of Creek,
etc., et al., petitioners, v. Evelyn Seber et al. The motion for leave
to file brief of Osage County as amicus curiae is granted.
No., original. Ex parte Ross Cummings Patton, petitioner;
No. 60. C. J. Hendry Company and Frank Sematovich, petitioners,
v. E. C. Moore et al., etc.;
No. 275. Pacific Coast Dairy, Inc., appellant, v. Department of
Agriculture of the State of California et al.;
No. 453. Marshall Field & Company, petitioner, v. National Labor
Relations Board; and
No. 466. Department of Banking, State of Nebraska, as Receiver,
etc., petitioner, v. Louis H. Pink, Superintendent of Insurance, etc.
Petitions for rehearing denied. Mr. Justice Murphy, Mr. Justice
Jackson, and Mr. Justice Rutledge took no part in the consideration
or decision of these applications.
No. 517. Gaetano Ajello, petitioner, v. Pan American Airways
Corporation et al.;

MONDAY, APRIL 5, 1943
200
No. 681. Acme-Evans Company, petitioner, v. National Labor
Relations Board; and
No. 704. Robert Redus, alias Robert Rudus, petitioner, v. State of
Alabama. Petitions for rehearing denied. Mr. Justice Murphy and
Mr. Justice Jackson took no part in the consideration or decision of
these applications.
No. 566. Gretta Lafuente, petitioner, v. County of Los Angeles.
The motion for leave to file a third petition for rehearing is granted.
The third petition for rehearing is denied. Mr. Justice Murphy,
Mr. Justice Jackson, and Mr. Justice Rutledge took no part in the
consideration or decision of these applications.
No. 626. The United States of America, appellant, v. Radio Cor-
poration of America, General Electric Company, et al. Appeal from
the District Court of the United States for the District of Delaware.
Dismissed on motion of counsel for the appellant.
No. 581. Southland Gasoline Company, petitioner, v. J. W. Bay-
ley et al. Submitted by Mr. Claude H. Rosenstein for the petitioner
and by Mr. C. D. Atkinson for the respondents.
No. 725. Wilson W. Richardson, petitioner, v. The James Gib-
bons Company. Argued by Mr. George A. Mahone for the petitioner
and by Mr. O. Bowie Duckett, Jr., and Mr. Charles T. LeViness for
the respondent.
No. 569. Frank Tot, petitioner, v. The United States of America.
Argued by Mr. George R. Sommer for the petitioner and by Mr.
Assistant Attorney General Berge for the respondent.
No. 636. The United States of America, petitioner, v. Frank
Delia. Argument commenced by Mr. Assistant Attorney General
Berge for the petitioner.
Adjourned until tomorrow at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Tuesday, April 6, will be as follows: Nos. 636,
584, 511, 580, 628, 629, 585, 623 (624 and 625), 369 (and 373),
and 593.
Х
488078-43——73

TUESDAY, APRIL 6, 1943
201
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: The Chief Justice, Mr. Justice Roberts, Mr. Justice Black,
Mr. Justice Reed, Mr. Justice Frankfurter, Mr. Justice Douglas, and
Mr. Justice Rutledge.
Edward E. O'Neill, of Portland, Me.; John J. Mahoney, of Roch-
ester, N. Y.; Forrest Butler Jackson, of Jackson, Miss.; I. Nathan-
iel Treblow, of Philadelphia, Pa.; William H. Burden, of Joplin,
Mo.; Mildred S. Fortner, of Portland, Oreg.; Leon W. Kapp, of
Newark, N. J.; Herman W. Kapp, of Newark, N. J.; and Joseph
Irwin Nachman, of Staunton, Va., were admitted to practice.
No. 636. The United States of America, petitioner, v. Frank
Delia. Argument continued by Mr. Assistant Attorney General
Berge for the petitioner; by Mr. Jack N. Tucker and Mr. Morton.
A. Eden for the respondent; and concluded by Mr. Assistant Attorney
General Berge for the petitioner.
No. 584. Honorable Michael J. Roche, United States District Judge
for the Northern District of California, etc., et al., petitioners, v.
Evaporated Milk Association et al. Argued by Mr. Paul A. Freund
for the petitioner and by Mr. Francis R. Kirkham for the respondents.
No. 511. John W. Noble, doing business as Noble Transit Company,
appellant, v. The United States of America et al. Argument com-
menced by Mr. Charles A. Lethert for the appellant.
Adjourned until tomorrow at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Wednesday, April 7, will be as follows: Nos. 511,
580, 628, 629, 585, 623 (624 and 625), 369 (and 373), 593, 495
(and 496), and 528.
488078-43- -74
Х

WEDNESDAY, APRIL 7, 1943
202
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: The Chief Justice, Mr. Justice Roberts, Mr. Justice Black,
Mr. Justice Reed, Mr. Justice Frankfurter, Mr. Justice Douglas,
Mr. Justice Jackson, and Mr. Justice Rutledge.
Arthur Clarence Gregory, of Canon City, Colo.; James Wilmer
Jones, of Washington, D. C.; William Hosmer Peterson, of El Centro,
Calif.;
and E. Burdette Ussery, of Washington, D. C., were admitted
to practice.
No. 893. George E. Eddy and Samuel Silbiger, petitioners, v.
Charles H. Kelby and Clifford S. Kelsey, Trustees, etc.; and
No. 894. George E. Eddy and Samuel Silbiger, petitioner, v.
Charles H. Kelby and Clifford S. Kelsey, Trustees, etc. Time within
which to serve petition for writ of certiorari and record extended to
and including April 28 next, on motion of counsel for the petitioners.
No. 511. John W. Noble, doing business as Noble Transit Com-
pany, appellant, v. The United States of America et al. Argument
continued by Mr. Charles A. Lethert for the appellant; by Mr. Allen
Crenshaw for appelles, The United States and Interstate Commerce
Commission; by Mr. Franklin R. Overymer for appellees, Regular
Common Carrier Conference of the American Trucking Associations,
et al.; and concluded by Mr. C. D. Todd, Jr., for appellants.
No. 580. Bertha A. Owens, Executrix, etc., petitioner, v. Union
Pacific Railroad Company. Argued by Mr. Frank C. Hanley for the
petitioner and by Mr. L. R. Hamblen for the respondent.
No. 628. The Interstate Commerce Commission, J. M. Kurn, et al.,
Trustees, etc., et al., appellants, v. Columbus and Greenville Railway
Company. Motion to dismiss or affirm submitted by Mr. Forrest B.
Jackson for the appellee. Argument commenced by Mr. Daniel W.
Knowlton for the appellant, Interstate Commerce Commission.
Adjourned until tomorrow at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Thursday, April 8, will be as follows: Nos. 628,
629, 585, 623 (624 and 625), 369 (and 373), 593, 495 (and 496),
528, 659, and 675.
488078-43-75

THURSDAY, APRIL 8, 1943
203
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: The Chief Justice, Mr. Justice Roberts, Mr. Justice Black,
Mr. Justice Reed, Mr. Justice Frankfurter, Mr. Justice Douglas, Mr.
Justice Jackson, and Mr. Justice Rutledge.
William B. Mahoney, of Buffalo, N. Y.; Preston Estep, of Monett,
Mo.; Louis Shifrin, of St. Louis, Mo.; N. Meyer Baker, of Washing-
ton, D. C.; Roland J. Faricy, of St. Paul, Minn.; and H. Reelf
Peecksen, of Charleston, S. C., were admitted to practice.
No. 628. The Interstate Commerce Commission et al., appellants,
v. Columbus and Greenville Railway Company. Argument con-
tinued by Mr. Daniel W. Knowlton for the appellant, Interstate Com-
merce Commission; by Mr. Robert C. Stovall and Mr. Forrest B.
Jackson for the appellee; and concluded by Mr. John E. McCullough
for appellants, J. M. Kurn et al.
No. 629. The United States of America, appellant, v. Philip Lepo-
witch and Marvin Spector. Argued by Mr. Archibald Cox for the
appellant and by Mr. Henry S. Janon for the appellee.
No. 585. Federal Communications Commission, petitioner, v.
National Broadcasting Company, Inc. (KOA), et al. Argument
commenced by Mr. Paul A. Freund for the petitioner and continued
by Mr. Philip J. Hennessy, Jr., for the respondents.
Adjourned until tomorrow at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Friday, April 9, will be as follows: Nos. 585, 623
(624 and 625), 369 (and 373), 593, 495 (and 496), 528, 659, 675,
589, and 640.
☑
488078-43-76

FRIDAY, APRIL 9, 1943
204
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: The Chief Justice, Mr. Justice Roberts, Mr. Justice Black,
Mr. Justice Reed, Mr. Justice Frankfurter, Mr. Justice Douglas, Mr.
Justice Jackson, and Mr. Justice Kutledge.
Jesse L. Cook, of Chicago, Ill.; Roland A. Linger, of Washington,
D. C.; and Frank G. Davidson, Jr., of Lynchburg, Va., were admitted
to practice.
No. 585. Federal Communications Commission, petitioner, v. Na-
tional Broadcasting Company, Inc. (KOA), et al. Argument con-
cluded by Mr. Philip J. Hennessey, Jr., for the respondents.
No. 623. Oklahoma Tax Commission of the State of Oklahoma,
petitioner, v. The United States of America;
No. 624. Oklahoma Tax Commission of the State of Oklahoma,
petitioner, v. The United States of America; and
No. 625. Oklahoma Tax Commission of the State of Oklahoma,
petitioner, v. The United States of America. Argued by Mr. A. L.
Herr and Mr. Clifford W. King for the petitioner and by Mr. Warner
W. Gardner for the respondent. Leave granted petitioner to file an
additional brief within four days.
No. 369. Marconi Wireless Telegraph Company of America, peti-
tioner, v. The United States; and
No. 373. The United States, petitioner, v. Marconi Wireless Tele-
graph Company of America. Argument commenced by Mr. Stephen
H. Philbin for Marconi Wireless Telegraph Company.
Adjourned until Monday next at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Monday, April 12, will be as follows: Nos. 369
(and 373), 593, 495 (and 496), 528, 659, 675, 589, 640, 721, and
687.
488078-43-77
☑

MONDAY, APRIL 12, 1943
205
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: The Chief Justice, Mr. Justice Black, Mr. Justice Reed,
Mr. Justice Frankfurter, Mr. Justice Douglas, Mr. Justice Jackson,
and Mr. Justice Rutledge.
Richard K. Bloch, of Cleveland, Ohio; Harry A. Gottlieb, of New
York City; Julius S. Wikler, of New York City; Theodore Granik,
of New York City; Theo. McC. Marsh, of Newark, N. J.; George
A. Carlson, of Tulsa, Okla.; Thomas A. Joseph, of Zanesville, Ohio;
and Paul C. Matthews, of New York City, were admitted to practice.
No. 488. Guy T. Helvering, Commissioner of Internal Revenue,
petitioner, v. Chicago Stock Yards Company. On writ of certiorari
to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the First Circuit.
Judgment reversed and cause remanded to the said Circuit Court of
Appeals for further proceedings in conformity with the opinion of
this Court. Opinion by Mr. Justice Roberts announced by the Chief
Justice.
No. 178. Illinois Commerce Commission, John D. Biggs, William
Parrillo, et al., appellants, v. Charles M. Thomson, as Trustee of the
property of Chicago and North Western Railway Company. Appeal
from the District Court of the United States for the Northern Dis-
trict of Illinois. Judgment reversed with costs and cause remanded
to the said District Court for further proceedings in conformity
with the opinion of this Court. Opinion by Mr. Chief Justice Stone.
Mr. Justice Rutledge took no part in the consideration of this case.
Dissenting opinion by Mr. Justice Roberts.
No. 72. The People of the State of New York, ex rel. R. Gordon
Whitman, petitioner, v. Joseph H. Wilson, as Warden of Great
Meadow Prison, Comstock, N. Y. On writ of certiorari to the Su-
preme Court of the State of New York. Judgment vacated and cause
remanded to the said Supreme Court for its determination in the light
of the decision in Lyons v. Goldstein, and for such further or other
proceedings as may be deemed advisable. Opinion, per curiam, an-
nounced by Mr. Chief Justice Stone. Mr. Justice Rutledge took no
part in the consideration or decision of this case. Separate opinion
by Mr. Justice Frankfurter in which Mr. Justice Roberts and Mr.
Justice Reed join.
488078-43--78

MONDAY, APRIL 12, 1943
206
The Chief Justice announced the following order of the Court:
No. 844. Clarence Pearson, appellant, v. The People of the State
of California, Clyde Plummer, et al. Appeal from the Supreme Court
of the State of California. Per curiam: The motion for leave to
proceed in forma pauperis is granted. The appeal is dismissed for
the want of a properly presented substantial federal question.
The Chief Justice said:
"The other orders of the Court appear upon the list certified by the
Chief Justice and filed with the Clerk and will not be announced
orally."
No.-,
original. Ex parte Raymond Barton, petitioner;
No., original. Ex parte Chesteen McConnell, petitioner; and
No. -, original. Ex parte Frank Contardi, petitioner. The mo-
tions for leave to file petitions for writs of habeas corpus are denied.
No. -, original. Ex parte Henry Hawk, petitioner. The motion
for leave to file petition for writ of habeaus corpus is denied without
prejudice to an application to the District Court.
No., original, Ex parte Dewey Wallace McMurtrey, petitioner.
The motion for leave to file petition for writ of certiorari is denied.
No. 912. Fred Toyosaburo Korematsu v. The United States of
America. The motion to bring up the entire record and cause is
denied.
No. 760. State of California and Board of State Harbor Commis-
sioners, etc., appellants, v. The United States of America et al., and
No. 778. City of Oakland, a municipal corporation, etc., appellant,
v. The United States of America et al. In these cases probable juris-
diction is noted.
No. 762. Homer Lester Bartchy, alias Homer Brooks, petitioner,
v. The United States of America. The motion for leave to proceed on
the typewritten record is granted. The petition for writ of certiorari
to the Circuit Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit is granted.
No. 777. Republic Insurance Company, petitioner, v. U. R. Butts.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of Appeals for the
Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 790. Mary Cabalik, petitioner, v. John C. Bell, Jr., Successor,
etc. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of
Pennsylvania denied.
No. 791. Livingston E. Osborne, petitioner, v. A. J. Hastings,
Sheriff of Berrien County, Michigan. Petition for writ of certiorari
to the Circuit Court of Appeals for the Sixth Circuit denied.

MONDAY, APRIL 12, 1943
207
No. 797. J. R. Mason, petitioner, v. Palo Verde Irrigation District.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of Appeals for the
Ninth Circuit denied.
No. 800. Rufo C. Romero, petitioner, v. P. J. Squier, Warden,
United States Penitentiary, McNeil Island, Washington. Petition
for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of Appeals for the Ninth
Circuit denied.
No. 811. C. W. Sandlin, petitioner, v. C. E. Gragg. Petition for
writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of Appeals for the Tenth Cir-
cuit denied.
No. 814. Paul W. Sampsell, as Trustee in Bankruptcy, etc., et al.,
petitioners, v. Sun H. Tom. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Cir-
cuit Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit denied.
No. 821. Sibley Syndicate, Harry Allen, successor trustee, peti-
tioner, v. Commissioner of Internal Revenue. Petition for writ of
certiorari to the Circuit Court of Appeals for the Sixth Circuit denied.
No. 858. Nicholas Rutigliano, alias Nick Green, petitioner, v. The
People of the State of New York. Petition for writ of certiorari
to the Court of General Sessions of the County of New York, State
of New York, denied.
No. 765. Richard J. Hopkins, Judge of the United States District
Court for the District of Kansas, petitioner, v. The United States of
America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of Ap-
peals for the Tenth Circuit denied.
No. 772. The New York Trust Company, as Trustee, etc., et al.,
petitioners, v. Securities and Exchange Commission and United Light
and Power Company. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit
Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit denied.
No. 829. Estate of Robert Lyons Hague, deceased, et al., petition-
ers, v. Commissioner of Internal Revenue. Petition for writ of
certiorari to the Circuit Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit
denied.
No. 711. The Creek Nation, petitioner, v. The United States. The
motion to dispense with the printing of certain portions of the record
is granted. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Claims
denied.
No. 774. County of Allegheny, petitioner, v. Maryland Casualty
Company. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of
Appeals for the Third Circuit denied. Mr. Justice Jackson took no
part in the consideration or decision of this application.
No. 802. Jesse S. Shima, petitioner, v. Thomas A. Brown. The
motion to consider the petition for writ of certiorari on the appen-
dices to the briefs filed in the Court of Appeals is granted. The

MONDAY, APRIL 12, 1943
208
petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the District of Columbia is denied. Mr. Justice Rutledge took
no part in the consideration or decision of these applications.
No. 805. Henry G. Wood, Jo V. Morgan, et al., petitioners, v.
J. Millard Tawes, Comptroller of the State of Maryland, et al. Pe-
tition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals of Maryland
denied. Mr. Justice Douglas took no part in the consideration or
decision of this application.
No. 817. W. C. & A. N. Miller Development Co., petitioner, v. Emig
Properties Corporation. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United
States Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia denied. Mr.
Justice Rutledge took no part in the consideration or decision of this
application.
No. 795. Cecil C. Crebs, petitioner, v. Milton F. Amrine, Warden
of the Kansas State Penitentiary. On petition for writ of certiorari
to the Supreme Court of Kansas;
No. 825. Laurie J. Carpenter, petitioner, v. Erie Railroad Com-
pany. On petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of
Appeals for the Third Circuit; and
No. 737. Albert B. Lukens, petitioner, v. The State of Ohio. On
petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals of Ohio. The
motions for leave to proceed in forma pauperis are granted. The
petitions for writs of certiorari are denied.
No. -, original. Ex parte Clarence M. Holmes, petitioner. Peti-
tion for rehearing denied. Mr. Justice Rutledge took no part in the
consideration or decision of this application.
No. 903, October Term, 1941. Robert L. Peyton, petitioner, v. Rail-
way Express Agency, Inc., et al. Fourth petition for rehearing de-
nied. Mr. Justice Rutledge took no part in the consideration or
decision of this application.
No. 13. Group of Institutional Investors and Mutual Savings
Bank Group, petitioners, v. Israel A. Abrams et al. The motion to
supplement the record is denied. The petition for rehearing is also
denied. Mr. Justice Rutledge took no part in the consideration or
decision of these applications.
No. 692. Band-It Company and Dental Specialty Company, peti-
tioners, v. Michael J. McAneny, Jr. Petition for rehearing denied.
Mr. Justice Murphy took no part in the consideration or decision
of the cases in which orders are this day announced.

MONDAY, APRIL 12, 1943
209
The Court will take a recess upon the conclusion of the argument
in case No. 696 until Monday, May 3, next.
No. 369. Marconi Wireless Telegraph Company of America, peti-
tioner v. The United States; and
No. 373. The United States, petitioner, v. Marconi Wireless Tele-
graph Company of America. Argument continued by Mr. Assistant
Attorney General Shea for the United States and concluded by Mr.
Stephen H. Philbin for Marconi Wireless Telegraph Company.
No. 593. Direct Sales Company, petitioner, v. The United States
of America. Argued by Mr. William B. Mahoney for the petitioner
and by Mr. Valentine Brookes for the respondent.
No. 659. Central Hanover Bank and Trust Company, a banking
corporation of the State of New York, et al., appellants, v. William D.
Kelly, State Tax Commissioner of the State of New Jersey. Argu-
ment commenced by Mr. Robert McC. Marsh for the appellants.
Adjourned until tomorrow at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Tuesday, April 13, will be as follows: Nos. 659,
675, 640, 589, 495 (and 496), 528, 687, 721, 826, and 827.

TUESDAY, APRIL 13, 1943
210
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: The Chief Justice, Mr. Justice Roberts, Mr. Justice
Black, Mr. Justice Reed, Mr. Justice Frankfurter, Mr. Justice
Douglas, Mr. Justice Jackson, and Mr. Justice Rutledge.
Paul W. McQuillen, of New York City; John Harvard Thain, of
Wilkes-Barre, Pa.; Harold C. Sylvester, of St. Albans, Vt.;
Robert William Larrow, of Burlington, Vt.; Alexander Feller, of
New Brunswick, N. J.; Richard B. Posey, of Washington, D. C.;
Harvey A. Fischer, of Detroit, Mich.; Myer Pumps, of Washington,
D. C.; and T. Tracy Lawson, of Montpelier, Vt., were admitted to
practice.
No. 659. Central Hanover Bank and Trust Company, a banking
corporation of the State of New York, et al., appellants, v. William
D. Kelly, State Tax Commissioner of the State of New Jersey.
Argument continued by Mr. Robert McC. Marsh for the appellants;
by Mr. William A. Moore for the respondent; and concluded by Mr.
Robert McC. Marsh for the appellants.
No. 675. The Detroit Edison Company, petitioner, v. Commis-
sioner of Internal Revenue. Argued by Mr. Norris Darrell for the
petitioner and by Mr. Arnold Raum for the respondent.
No. 640. Florence J. Bailey, as Administratrix of E. Bailey, peti-
tioner, v. Central Vermont Railway, Inc. Argued by Mr. Joseph A.
McNamara for the petitioner and by Mr. Horace H. Powers for the
respondent.
Adjourned until tomorrow at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Wednesday, April 14, will be as follows: Nos.
589, 495 (and 496), 528, 687, 721, 826, 827, 828, 726, and 660.
488078-43-
-79
☑

WEDNESDAY, APRIL 14, 1943
211
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: The Chief Justice, Mr. Justice Roberts, Mr. Justice Black,
Mr. Justice Reed, Mr. Justice Frankfurter, Mr. Justice Douglas, Mr.
Justice Jackson, and Mr. Justice Rutledge.
William Hamlet Blades, of Houston, Tex.; Donald E. Heisler, of
The Dalles, Oreg.; Chesley Matthew Walter, of Oakland, Calif.;
George H. Ethridge, of Jackson, Miss.; Richard Olney Arrington, of
Hazlehurst, Miss.; Coula Psaras, of Chicago, Ill.; Carl T. Curtis, of
Minden, Nebr.; Irving Payson Zinbarg, of New York City; James H.
Millican, Jr., of Tallahassee, Fla.; Stanley M. Dorman, of New York
City; Frank D. Mayer, of Chicago, Ill.; Lee Allen Freeman, of Chi-
cago, Ill.; Donald Martin Graham, of Chicago, Ill.; and June Fowles,
of Olympia, Wash., were admitted to practice.
No. 792. Max Stephan, petitioner, v. The United States of Amer-
ica. The motion for a stay of execution is granted and it is ordered
that execution of the sentence of death in this case be stayed until fur-
ther order of this Court.
No. 589. Whitney Bowles, petitioner, v. The United States of
America. Argued by Mr. Osmond K. Fraenkel for the petitioner and
by Mr. Assistant Attorney General Berge for the respondent.
No. 595. G. E. Burford et al., petitioners, v. Sun Oil Company
et al.; and
No. 496. Sun Oil Company et al., petitioners, v. G. E. Burford
et al. Reargument commenced by Mr. James P. Hart for Burford et
al.; and continued by Mr. Ed Roy Simmons for Burford et al.; and
by Mr. J. A. Rauhut for Sun Oil Company et al.
Adjourned until tomorrow at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Thursday, April 15, will be as follows. Nos. 495
(and 496), 528, 687, 721, 826, 827, 828, 726, 660, and 552.
488078-43--80

THURSDAY, APRIL 15, 1943
212
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: The Chief Justice, Mr. Justice Roberts, Mr. Justice Black,
Mr. Justice Reed, Mr. Justice Frankfurter, Mr. Justice Douglas, Mr.
Justice Jackson, and Mr. Justice Rutledge.
Nicholas J. Chase, of Washington, D. C.; Ray C. Westgate, of Fall
River, Mass.; Frank McNamee, Jr., of Las Vegas, Nev.; Milton V.
Freeman, of New York City; and I. Joseph Farley, of Detroit, Mich.,
were admitted to practice.
No. 495. G. E. Burford et al., petitioners, v. Sun Oil Company
et al.; and
No. 496. Sun Oil Company et al., petitioners, v. G. E. Burford et al.
Reargument concluded by Mr. J. A. Rauhut for the Sun Oil Co. et al.
No. 528. O. L. Hastings et al., petitioners, v. Selby Oil & Gas Com-
pany etl. Reargued by Mr. James D. Smullen for the petitioner,
The Railroad Commission of Texas, and by Mr. W. Edward Lee for
petitioners, O. L. Hastings et al., and case submitted by Mr. Dan
Moody for the respondents.
No. 687. Rosario St. Pierre, petitioner, v. The United States of
America. Argument commenced by Mr. Edward V. Broderick for the
petitioner. The Court declined to hear further argument.
No. 826. R. E. Taylor, appellant, v. State of Mississippi;
No. 827. Betty Benoit, appellant, v. State of Mississippi; and
No. 828. Clem Cummings, appellant, v. State of Mississippi. Ar-
gument commenced by Mr. Hayden C. Covington for the appellants
and continued by Mr. George H. Ethridge for the appellee.
Adjourned until tomorrow at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Friday, April 16, will be as follows: Nos. 826
(827 and 828), 726, 660, 552, and 696.
☑
488078-43-
81

FRIDAY, APRIL 16, 1943
213
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: The Chief Justice, Mr. Justice Roberts, Mr. Justice Black,
Mr. Justice Reed, Mr. Justice Frankfurter, Mr. Justice Douglas, Mr.
Justice Jackson, and Mr. Justice Rutledge.
Harold B. Finn, of New York City; George C. Seward, of New
York City; James E. Holloman, of Clinton, S. C.; George W. Walker,
of Wilmington, Del.; Howard F. R. Mulligan, of New York City;
James Thomas Gallahorn, Jr., of Washington, D. C.; Sol S. Perlow,
of New York City; John Allen Weil, of Washington, D. C.; Charles
P. Rogers, of New York City; James Edgar Louis Artis, of Wash-
ington, D. C.; Irene Kennedy, of Washington, D. C.; Philip S. Jessup,
of Washington, D. C.; James E. Wilson, of Washington, D. C.; and
Zeb A. Stewart, of Corbin, Ky., were admitted to practice.
No. 826. R. E. Taylor, appellant, v. State of Mississippi;
No. 827. Betty Benoit, appellant, v. State of Mississippi; and
No. 828. Clem Cummings, appellant, v. State of Mississippi. Ar-
gument continued by Mr. George H. Ethridge for the appellee and
concluded by Mr. Hayden C. Covington for the appellants.
No. 726. Nathan Mayo and Roy Hutchinson, appellants, v. The
United States of America. Argued by Mr. William C. Pierce and Mr.
James H. Millican, Jr., for the appellants and by Mr. Assistant At-
torney General Shea for the appellee.
No. 660. Moline Properties, Inc., petitioner, v. Commissioner of
Internal Revenue. Argument commenced by Mr. Nelson Trottman
for the petitioner and continued by Mr. J. Louis Monarch for the
respondent.
Adjourned until Monday next at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Monday, April 19, will be as follows: Nos. 660.
552, and 696.
488078-43-82

MONDAY, APRIL 19, 1943
214
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: The Chief Justice, Mr. Justice Roberts, Mr. Justice
Black, Mr. Justice Reed, Mr. Justice Frankfurter, Mr. Justice Doug-
las, Mr. Justice Murphy, Mr. Justice Jackson, and Mr. Justice Rut-
ledge.
William L. Caraway, of Washington, D. C.; Garald K. Richardson,.
of Boston, Mass.; James Edward Boyle, of Sycamore, Ill.; John
Richard Starrs, of Detroit, Mich.; Benjamin G. Cox, of Terre Haute,
Ind.; Herman Mendes, of New York City; Samuel M. Ostroff, of
New York City; William T. Beeks, of Seattle, Wash.; Edward J.
Leon, of New York City; Leroy R. Goodrich, of Oakland, Calif.;
William Leavenworth Colby, of Berkeley, Calif.; Walter B. Miller,
of Spartanburg, S. C.; Millard Kirk Neptune, of Bartlesville, Okla.;
John F. Jones, of Topeka, Kans.; Hector G. Spaulding, of Washing-
ton, D. C.; Hobart Lee Blackledge, of Kearney, Nebr.; James Lena-
han Brown, of Wilkes-Barre, Pa.; Richard R. Atkinson, of Wash--
ington, D. C.; Horace O. Pollard, of Washington, D. C.; and I. Duke
Avnet, of Baltimore, Md., were admitted to practice.
No. 454. Pedro Aguilar, petitioner, v. Standard Oil Company of
New Jersey. On writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court:
of Appeals for the Second Circuit; and
No. 582. Waterman Steamship Corporation, petitioner, v. David
E. Jones. On writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court
of Appeals for the Third Circuit. Judgment in No. 454 reversed with
costs and cause remanded to the District Court of the United States
for the Southern District of New York for further proceedings in
conformity with the opinion of this Court; judgment in No. 582
affirmed with costs and cause remanded to the District Court of the
United States for the Eastern District of Pennsylvania. Opinion
by Mr. Justice Rutledge. Mr. Justice Roberts did not participate in
the consideration or decision of these cases. In No. 454 the Chief
Justice dissents; in No. 582 he concurs in the result.
No. 556. Board of County Commissioners of the County of Creek,
State of Oklahoma, a municipal corporation, et al., petitioners, v..
Evelyn Seber et al. On writ of certiorari to the United States:
Circuit Court of Appeals for the Tenth Circuit. Judgment affirmed
with costs and cause remanded to the District Court of the United
States for the Northern District of Oklahoma. Opinion by Mr.
488078-43-83

MONDAY, APRIL 19, 1943
215
Justice Murphy. Mr. Justice Reed took no part in the consideration
or decision of this case. Opinion by Mr. Justice Rutledge concurring
in the result in which Mr. Justice Roberts joins.
No. 629. The United States of America, appellant, v. Philip
Lepowitch and Marvin Spector. Appeal from the District Court of
the United States for the Eastern District of Missouri. Judgment
reversed and cause remanded to the said District Court for further
proceedings in conformity with the opinion of this Court. Opinion
by Mr. Justice Black. Mr. Justice Rutledge concurs in the result.
Dissenting: Mr. Justice Roberts. Mr. Justice Murphy took no part
in the consideration or decision of this case.
The Chief Justice announced the following orders of the Court:
No. 720. Bayuk Cigars, Inc., appellant, v. Commonwealth of
Pennsylvania. Appeal from the Supreme Court of Pennsylvania.
Per curiam: The motion to affirm is granted and the judgment is
affirmed. (1) Butler Bros. v. McColgan, 315 U. S. 501, and cases
cited; Wisconsin v. J. C. Penney Co., 311 U. S. 435, 437; Dep't. of
Treasury v. Wood Corp'n, 313 U. S. 62, 66–67; Wheeling Steel Corp'n
v. Fox, 298 U. S. 193; (2) Madden v. Kentucky, 309 U. S. 83, 87–90.
No. 876. Jewel Incandescent Lamp Co., Inc., appellant, v. General
Electric Co. et al. Appeal from the District Court of the United
States for the District of New Jersey. Per curiam: The appeal is
dismissed on the authority of Ex parte Cutting, 94 U. S. 14; Credits
Commutation Company v. United States, 177 U. S. 311, and United
States v. California Cooperative Canneries, 279 U. S. 553, 556.
The Chief Justice said:
"The other orders of the Court appear upon the list certified by
the Chief Justice and filed with the Clerk and will not be announced
orally."
No., original. Ex parte Emmet H. Bozel, petitioner;
No.
-
original. Ex parte Elmer Davis, petitioner;
No.
-
original. Ex parte Charles Erickson, petitioner; and
No., original. Ex parte Frank Roberson, petitioner. The mo-
tions for leave to file petitions for writs of habeas corpus are denied.
No. original. Ex parte Thomas B. Mulrennan, petitioner. The
motion for leave to file petition for writ of habeas corpus is denied
without prejudice to an application to the District Court.
No.
and
--
-
,
Henry Daniels, Jr., petitioner, v. The State of Alabama;

MONDAY, APRIL 19, 1943
216
No. Curtis Robinson, petitioner, v. The State of Alabama.
The applications for stay of execution are granted and it is ordered
that execution of the sentence of death in each of these cases be
stayed until further order of this Court.
No. 628. The Interstate Commerce Commission et al., appellants,
v. Columbus and Greenville Railway Co. This case is ordered re-
stored to the docket for reargument. On the reargument counsel are
requested to direct their attention particularly to the following
questions:
(1) Is freight tariff No. 81 in violation of any provision of the
Interstate Commerce Act, as amended?
(2) Assuming that this question is answered in the affirmative,
would the cancellation of this tariff operate unfairly and unreason-
ably in view of the outstanding cut-back tariffs on freight originating
on carriers with which the Columbus and Greenville Railway
competes?
(3) What considerations of law, procedure, or policy may be urged
against the Commission's following the procedure, prior to the can-
cellation of the tariff, of bringing other carriers into the proceeding
pending before it, or into an independent proceeding, and in such
proceeding making an appropriate adjustment of rates as between
respondent and other carriers?
(4) Have the courts power to require the Commission to take such
procedure?
No. 879. McLean Trucking Company, Inc., et al., appellants, v.
The United States of America et al. In this case probable juris-
diction is noted.
No. 934. Clem Lockerty et al., appellants, v. Charles M. Phillips,
United States Attorney, etc. In this case probable jurisdiction is
noted and the case is advanced and assigned for argument on Monday,
May 3rd, next. The motion for a stay is denied.
No. 848. The Brotherhood of Railroad Trainmen et al., petition-
ers, v. Toledo, Peoria & Western Railroad. 'Petition for writ of cer-
tiorari to the Circuit Court of Appeals for the Seventh Circuit
granted.
No. 815. Securities and Exchange Commission, petitioner, v. C. M.
Joiner Leasing Corporation and C. M. Joiner. Petition for writ of
certiorari to the Circuit Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit granted
and the case is transferred to the summary docket.
No. 749. James Lanier Bell, petitioner, v. Preferred Life Assur-
ance Society of Montgomery, Alabama, et al. The motion to proceed
on typewritten papers is granted. The petition for writ of certiorari
to the Circuit Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit is also granted.

MONDAY, APRIL 19, 1943
217
No. 769. The Sioux Tribe of Indians, petitioner, v. The United
States. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Claims denied.
No. 776. Dwright D. Clarke, petitioner, v. The United States of
America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of Ap-
peals for the Ninth Circuit denied.
No. 779. Nicholas J. Curtis, petitioner, v. Utah Fuel Company,.
etc., et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of Ap-
peals for the Third Circuit denied.
No. 803. The Scott Realty Company, petitioner, v. The La Salle &
Koch Company. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court
of Ohio denied.
No. 804. G. Bedell Moore, petitioner, v. Maverick County Water
Control & Improvement District No. 1. Petition for writ of certiorari
to the Court of Civil Appeals, 4th Supreme Judicial District, State of
Texas, denied.
No. 806. Cort A. Rosenham, petitioner, v. The United States of
America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of Ap-
peals for the Tenth Circuit denied.
No. 809. J. H. Anderson, petitioner, v. The United States of
America; and
No. 810. Mr. and Mrs. J. H. Anderson, petitioners, v. The United
States of America. Petitions for writs of certiorari to the Circuit
Court of Appeals for the Sixth Circuit denied.
No. 812. Tom Johnson et al., petitioners, v. Dallas Downtown
Development Co. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court
of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 818. Anna S. A. Graf and August Graf, Individually, etc.,
et al., petitioners, v. City of Newark. Petition for writ of certiorari
to the Court of Errors and Appeals of New Jersey denied.
No. 819. Franklinville Realty Company, petitioner, v. Arnold
Construction Company. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Cir-
cuit Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 832. In the matter of James Austin Ellison, petitioner. Peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of Appeals for the
Third Circuit denied.
No. 835. United Shipyards, Inc., petitioner, v. Jane M. Hoey, as
Executrix, etc. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court
of Appeals for the Second Circuit denied.
No. 838. R. A. Blount, Hearst B. Blount, et al., petitioners, v.
National Labor Relations Board. Petition for writ of certiorari to
the Circuit Court of Appeals for the Eighth Circuit denied.

MONDAY, APRIL 19, 1943
218
No. 758. Bank of America National Trust and Savings Associa-
tion, petitioner, v. National Labor Relations Board. Petition for
writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of Appeals for the Ninth
Circuit denied.
No. 759. Bank of America National Trust and Savings Associa-
tion, petitioner, v. National Labor Relations Board. Petition for
writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of Appeals for the Ninth Cir-
cuit denied.
No. 163. William Humbert Tornello, petitioner, v. Robert H.
Hudspeth, Warden, etc. The motion for leave to proceed in forma
pauperis is granted. The petition for writ of certiorari to the Cir-
cuit Court of Appeals for the Tenth Circuit is denied on the ground
that the case is moot, it appearing that petitioner has been pardoned
by the President and that he is no longer in respondent's custody.
Weber v. Squier, 315 U. S. 810.
No. 830. Irene Brady, Administratrix, etc., petitioner, v. Southern
Railway Company. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme
Court of North Carolina denied on the ground that it does not
appear from the record or from the papers submitted that the
judgment is final. Mr. Justice Black is of opinion that the judgment
is final.
No. 799. The Philadelphia Inquirer Company, petitioner, v. Con-
way P. Coe, Commissioner of Patents. Petition for writ of certiorari
to the United States Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia
denied. Mr. Justice Rutledge took no part in the consideration or
decision of this application.
No. 34. Chicago and North Western Railway Company, petitioner,
v. Mutual Savings Bank Group Committee, et al.;
No. 35. Chicago and North Western Railway Company, petitioner,
v. Mutual Savings Bank Group Committee, et al.; and
No. 36. Chicago and North Western Railway Company, petitioner,
v. Mutual Savings Bank Group Committee, et al.;
No. 37. Louis Susman et al., Convertible Bond Owners, petitioners,
v. Mutual Savings Bank Group Committee, etc., et al.; and
No. 38. Louis Susman et al., Convertible Bond Owners, petitioners,
v. Mutual Savings Bank Group Committee, etc., et al.;
No. 56. City Bank Farmers Trust Company, as Trustee, etc., peti-
tioner v. Life Insurance Group Committee, et al.; and
No. 57. City Bank Farmers Trust Company, as Trustee, etc., peti-
tioner, v. Life Insurance Group Committee, et al.;
No. 62. Irving Trust Company, as Successor Trustee, etc., peti-
tioner, v. Mutual Savings Bank Group Committee, et al.;

MONDAY, APRIL 19, 1943
219
No. 63. Irving Trust Company, as Successor Trustee, etc., peti-
tioner, v. Mutual Savings Bank Group Committee, et al.; and
No. 64. Irving Trust Company, as Successor Trustee, etc., peti-
tioner, v. Mutual Savings Bank Group Committee et al.;
No. 68. Protective Committee for Holders of Common Stock, etc.,
petitioner, v. Mutual Savings Bank Group Committee et al.; and
No. 69. Protective Committee for Holders of Common Stock, etc.,
petitioner, v. Mutual Savings Bank Group Committee et al.;
No. 83. Protective Committee for Holders of Preferred Stock, etc.,
et al., petitioners, v. Mutual Savings Bank Group Committee et al.;
and
No. 84. Protective Committee for Holders of Preferred Stock, etc.,
et al., petitioners, v. Mutual Savings Bank Group Committee et al.
The motions for leave to supplement the records in Nos. 34, 35, and
36, and in Nos. 37 and 38, are granted. The petitions for writs of
certiorari to the Circuit Court of Appeals for the Seventh Circuit
in all the cases are denied. Mr. Justice Rutledge took no part in
the consideration or decision of these applications.
No. 354. The Akron, Canton & Youngstown Railway Company,
Debtor, petitioner, v. George E. Hagenbuch and H. B. Stewart, Jr.,
Trustees, etc., et al.; and
No. 355. Wm. H. Chamberlain, holder of record of all the common
stock of the Akron, Canton & Youngstown Railway Company, etc.,
et al., petitioners, v. George E. Hagenbuch and H. B. Stewart, Jr.,
Trustees, etc., et al. Petition for writs of certiorari to the Circuit
Court of Appeals for the Sixth Circuit denied. Mr. Justice Rut-
ledge took no part in the consideration or decision of this application.
No. 757. Edward R. Fitzgerald, petitioner, v. The State of Kan-
sas et al. On petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court
of Kansas;
No. 801. Arthur Corkum, petitioner, v. The People of the State
of New York. On petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme
Court of New York;
No. 822. Thomas Henry Trott, petitioner, v. McDonough Motor
Express Company, Inc., et al. On petition for writ of certiorari to
the Supreme Court of Mississippi; and
No. 915. Charles Erickson, petitioner, v. Nathan Mayo, as State
Prison Custodian. On petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme
Court of Florida. The motions for leave to proceed in forma
pauperis are granted. The petitions for writs of certiorari are
denied.
No. 7. Frederick H. Ecker, John W. Stedman, et al., etc., peti-
tioners, v. Western Pacific Railroad Corporation et al.;

MONDAY, APRIL 19, 1943
220
No. 8. Crocker First National Bank of San Francisco et al., etc.,
petitioners, v. Western Pacific Railroad Corporation et al.;
No. 20. The Western Pacific Railroad Company, petitioner, v.
Frederick H. Ecker et al.;
No. 33. Reconstruction Finance Corporation, petitioner, v. West-
ern Pacific Railroad Corporation et al.; and
No. 61. Irving Trust Company, as substituted trustee, etc., peti-
tioner, v. Crocker First National Bank of San Francisco et al., etc.;
and
No. 661. Orman W. Ewing, petitioner, v. The United States of
America. Petitions for rehearing denied. Mr. Justice Rutledge took
no part in the consideration or decision of these applications.
No. 660. Moline Properties, Inc., petitioner, v. Commissioner of
Internal Revenue. Argument continued by Mr. J. Louis Monarch for
the respondent and concluded by Mr. Nelson Trottman for the
petitioner.
No. 552. Interstate Transit Lines, petitioner, v. Commissioner of
Internal Revenue. Argued by Mr. Nelson Trottman for the petitioner
and by Mr. J. Louis Monarch for the respondent.
No. 696. A. W. Altvater and The Western Supplies Company,
petitioners, v. Benjamin W. Freeman et al. Argued by Mr. Edmund
C. Rogers and Mr. Lawrence C. Kingsland for the petitioners and by
Mr. Marston Allen for the respondents.
Adjourned until Monday, May 3 next.
་
The day call for Monday, May 3, will be as follows: Nos. 934, 698,
684, 707, 722, 723, 783, 813, 849, and 709.
☑

MONDAY, MAY 3, 1943
221
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: The Chief Justice, Mr. Justice Roberts, Mr. Justice Black,
Mr. Justice Reed, Mr. Justice Frankfurter, Mr. Justice Douglas, Mr.
Justice Murphy, Mr. Justice Jackson, and Mr. Justice Rutledge.
John J. Ruddy, Jr., of Kansas City, Mo.; Walter N. Stockfish, of
Hamtramck, Mich.; Arthur Marshall Davis, of Phoenix, Ariz.; L. A.
Wilson, of Mahnomen, Minn.; Leland E. Zeman, of Los Angeles,
Calif.; Edward A. Beard, of Washington, D. C.; Weir Savage Gail-
lard, of Dahlonega, Ga.; Robert J. Whissel, of Buffalo, N. Y.; L.
Gleason Gianniny, of Richmond, Va.; Frank B. Ingersoll, of Red-
wood City, Calif.; Napoleon Bruce Day, of Tulsa, Okla.; Karl B.
Rodi, of Los Angeles, Calif.; William Thomas Wilson, of Winston-
Salem, N. C.; Gerhard D. Bleichen, of Boston, Mass.; Abram T.
Collier, of Boston, Mass.; A. Warren Glickman, of Oakland, Calif.;
Kerns Wright, of Van Wert, Ohio; Alexis C. Coudert, of New York
City; Saul N. Rittenberg, of Los Angeles, Calif.; Henry S. Sellin,
of New York City; Byron B. Emswiller, of Middletown, Ind.; David
I. Day, Jr., of Rockport, Ind.; C. Rudolph Peterson, of Washington,
D. C.; John L. Burling, of New York City; Leo Gitlin, of New York
City; Armand B. DuBois, of New York City; and Herbert E. Olson,
of Bemidji, Minn., were admitted to practice.
No. 675. The Detroit Edison Company, petitioner, v. Commis-
sioner of Internal Revenue. On writ of certiorari to the United States
Circuit Court of Appeals for the Sixth Circuit. Judgment affirmed
and cause remanded to the said Circuit Court of Appeals. Opinion by
Mr. Justice Jackson. The Chief Justice did not participate in the
consideration or decision of this case.
No. 511. John W. Noble, doing business as Noble Transit Com-
pany, appellant, v. The United States of America, Interstate Com-
merce Commission, et al. Appeal from the District Court of the
United States for the District of Minnesota. Judgment affirmed.
Opinion by Mr. Justice Douglas. Mr. Justice Murphy took no part
in the consideration or decision of this case.
No. 659. Central Hanover Bank and Trust Company, a Bank-
ing Corporation of the State of New York, et al., appellants, v. Wil-
liam D. Kelly, State Tax Commissioner of New Jersey. Appeal from
488078-43-84

MONDAY, MAY 3, 1943
222
the Court of Errors and Appeals of the State of New Jersey. Judg-
ment affirmed with costs. Opinion by Mr. Justice Douglas.
No. 280. October Term, 1941, Rosco Jones, petitioner, v. City of
Opelika. On writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Alabama;
No. 314. October Term, 1941. Louis Bowden and Zada Sanders,
petitioners, v. City of Fort Smith, Arkansas. On writ of certiorari to
the Supreme Court of Arkansas; and
No. 966. October Term, 1941. Charles Jobin, appellant, v. The
State of Arizona. Appeal from the Supreme Court of Arizona. Judg-
ments of this Court heretofore entered vacated and judgments of the
state courts reversed with costs and cases remanded to the said Supreme
Courts for further proceedings not inconsistent with the opinion of
this Court. Opinion, per curiam, announced by Mr. Justice Douglas.
Dissenting opinion by Mr. Justice Reed in which Mr. Justice Roberts,
Mr. Justice Frankfurter, and Mr. Justice Jackson join. Dissenting
opinion by Mr. Justice Frankfurter in which Mr. Justice Jackson
joins.
No. 480. Robert Murdock, Jr., petitioner, v. Commonwealth of
Pennsylvania (City of Jeannette);
No. 481. Anna Perisich, petitioner, v. Commonwealth of Pennsyl-
vania (City of Jeannette);
No. 482. Willard L. Mowder, petitioner, v. Commonwealth of
Pennsylvania (City of Jeannette);
No. 483. Charles Seders, petitioner, v. Commonwealth of Pennsyl-
vania (City of Jeannette);
No. 484. Robert Lamborn, petitioner, v. Commonwealth of Pennsyl-
vania (City of Jeannette);
No. 485. Anthony Maltezos, petitioner, v. Commonwealth of Penn-
sylvania (City of Jeannette);
No. 486. Anastasia Tzanes, petitioner, v. Commonwealth of Penn-
sylvania (City of Jeannette); and
No. 487. Ellaine Tzanes, petitioner, v. Commonwealth of Pennsyl-
vania (City of Jeannette). On writs of certiorari to the Superior
Court of the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania. Judgments reversed
with costs and causes remanded to the said Superior Court for fur-
ther proceedings not inconsistent with the opinion of this Court.
Opinion by Mr. Justice Douglas. Dissenting opinion by Mr. Justice
Reed in which Mr. Justice Roberts, Mr. Justice Frankfurter, and
Mr. Justice Jackson join. Dissenting opinion by Mr. Justice Frank-
furter in which Mr. Justice Jackson joins. Dissenting opinion by
Mr. Justice Jackson.
No. 581. Southland Gasoline Company, petitioner, v. J. W. Bayley,
Henry V. Bloom, G. C. Kendall, et al. On writ of certiorari to the
United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Eighth Circuit; and

MONDAY, MAY 3, 1943
223
No. 725. Wilson W. Richardson, petitioner, v. The James Gibbons
Company. On writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court
of Appeals for the Fourth Circuit. In No. 581 the judgment is
reversed with costs and the cause remanded to the District Court of
the United States for the District of Arkansas for further proceedings
in conformity with the opinion of this Court. In No. 725 the judg-
ment is affirmed and the cause remanded to the District Court of the
United States for the District of Maryland. Opinion by Mr. Justice
Reed. Mr. Justice Murphy took no part in the consideration or
decision of these cases.
No. 460. National Labor Relations Board, petitioner, v. Southern
Bell Telephone and Telegraph Company; and
No. 461. National Labor Relations Board, petitioner, v. Southern
Association of Bell Telephone Employees. On writs of certiorari
to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit.
Judgments reversed and cases remanded to the said Circuit
Court of Appeals with instructions to enforce the order of the Board.
Opinion by Mr. Justice Reed. Mr. Justice Roberts took no part in
the consideration or decision of these cases.
No. 299. Jersey Central Power & Light Company, petitioner, v.
Federal Power Commission; and
No. 329. New Jersey Power & Light Company, petitioner, v. Fed-
eral Power Commission. On writs of certiorari to the United States
Circuit Court of Appeals for the Third Circuit. Judgments affirmed
and cases remanded to the said Circuit Court of Appeals. Opinion
by Mr. Justice Reed. Dissenting opinion by Mr. Justice Roberts in
which Mr. Chief Justice Stone and Mr. Justice Frankfurter concur.
No. 238. Thelma Martin, appellant, v. City of Struthers, Ohio.
Appeal from the Supreme Court of the State of Ohio. Judgment
reversed with costs and cause remanded to the said Supreme Court
for further proceedings not inconsistent with the opinion of this
Court. Opinion by Mr. Justice Black. Concurring opinion by Mr.
Justice Murphy in which Mr. Justice Douglas and Mr. Justice Rut-
ledge join. Dissenting opinion by Mr. Justice Reed in which Mr.
Justice Roberts and Mr. Justice Jackson join. Separate opinion by
Mr. Justice Frankfurter. Dissenting opinion by Mr. Justice Jackson.
No. 450. Robert L. Douglas, Albert R. Gundecker, Earl Kalk-
brenner, et al., petitioners, v. City of Jeannette (Pennsylvania), a
municipal corporation, et al. On writ of certiorari to the United
States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Third Circuit. Judgment
affirmed with costs. Opinion by Mr. Chief Justice Stone. Opinion
by Mr. Justice Jackson concurring in the result in which Mr. Justice
Frankfurter joins.

MONDAY, MAY 3, 1943
224
No. 520. L. T. Barringer and Company, appellant, v. The United
States of America, Interstate Commerce Commission, et al. Appeal
from the District Court of the United States for the Western District
of Tennessee. Judgment affirmed. Opinion by Mr. Chief Justice
Stone. Dissenting opinion by Mr. Justice Douglas in which Mr.
Justice Roberts, Mr. Justice Black, and Mr. Justice Reed join.
No. 584. Honorable Michael J. Roche, United States District Judge
for the Northern District of California, Southern Division, et al., peti-
tioners, v. Evaporated Milk Association et al. On writ of certiorari
to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit.
Judgment reversed and cause remanded to the said Circuit Court of
Appeals for further proceedings in conformity with the opinion of
this Court. Opinion by Mr. Chief Justice Stone. Mr. Justice
Murphy took no part in the consideration or decision of this case.
No. 589. Whitney Bowles, petitioner, v. The United States of
America. On writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court
of Appeals for the Third Circuit. Judgment affirmed and cause re-
manded to the District Court of the United States for the District of
New Jersey. Opinion, per curiam, announced by Mr. Chief Justice
Stone. Dissenting opinion by Mr. Justice Jackson in which Mr.
Justice Reed joins.
No. 14, original. Ex parte Fred Steffler, petitioner. On motion for
leave to file petition for writ of certiorari under Section 262 of the
Judicial Code. The motion for leave to proceed in forma pauperis
is granted. The motion for leave to file petition for writ of certiorari
is granted and the petition for writ of certiorari is also granted. The
cause is remanded to the District Court of the United States for the
Southern District of Indiana for further proceedings in conformity
with the opinion of this Court. Opinion per curiam, announced by
Mr. Chief Justice Stone.
No. 687. Rosario St. Pierre, petitioner, v. The United States of
America. On writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court
of Appeals for the Second Circuit. Writ of certiorari dismissed.
Opinion, per curiam, announced by Mr. Chief Justice Stone.
The Chief Justice announced the following order of the Court:
No. 885. Central Power and Light Company, West Texas Utilities
Company, et al., appellants, v. The State of Texas. Appeal from the
Court of Civil Appeals, 3rd Supreme Judicial District, State of Texas.
Per curiam: The appeal is dismissed for the want of a substantial
federal question. H. E. Butt Grocery Co. v. Sheppard, 311 U. S. 608,
and cases cited.

MONDAY, MAY 3, 1943.
The Chief Justice said:
225
"The other orders of the Court appear upon the list certified by the
Chief Justice and filed with the Clerk and will not be announced
orally.."
No. In the matter of John G. Ross. John G. Ross, of Boston,
Massachusetts, having resigned as a member of the Bar of this Court, it
is ordered that his name be stricken from the roll of attorneys admitted
to practice in this Court.
No., original. Ex parte Harold McGinniss, petitioner. Appli-
cation denied.
No., original. Daisy D. Wilson, petitioner, v. Ralph S. Hinman.
The motion for leave to file petition for writ of mandamus is denied.
No., original. Ex parte Frank Contardi, petitioner ;
No., original. Ex parte Stanley Peplowski, petitioner;
No., original. Ex parte Albert Smith, petitioner ;
-
No., original. Ex parte Charles E. Westbrook, petitioner; and
No. original. Ex parte Mark Reynolds and Frank Reynolds, pe-
titioners. The motions for leave to file petitions for writs of habeas
corpus are denied.
No. 926. Interstate Commerce Commission et al., appellants, v.
Hoboken Manufacturers' Railroad Company. In this case probable
jurisdiction is noted.
No. 761. The United States of America, ex rel. Murray Brensilber
et al., etc., petitioners, v. Bausch & Lomb Optical Company et al.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of Appeals for the
Second Circuit granted.
No. 863. Magnolia Petroleum Company et al., petitioners, v.
Sullivan H. Hunt. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of
Appeals, First Circuit, State of Louisiana, granted.
No. 864. Merchants National Bank of Boston, Executor, petitioner,
v. Commissioner of Internal Revenue. Petition for writ of certiorari
to the Circuit Court of Appeals for the First Circuit granted and the
case transferred to the summary docket.
No. 830. Irene Brady, Administratrix of the estate of Earle A.
Brady, deceased, petitioner, v. Southern Railway Company. It ap-
pearing that the judgment of the Supreme Court of North Carolina
is a final judgment in view of the decisions of that Court called to
our attention by the petition for rehearing, Tussey v. Owen, 147 N. C.
335, 337, Hollingsworth v. Skelding, 142 N. C. 246, 253, the petition
for rehearing is granted and the order denying a writ of certiorari
is vacated. The petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court
of North Carolina is granted.

MONDAY, MAY 3, 1943
226
No. 824. Metropolitan-Columbia Stockholders, Inc., et al., peti-
tioners, v. The City of New York. Petition for writ of certiorari to
the Court of Appeals of New York denied.
No. 831. The Hartford Electric Light Company, petitioner, v.
Federal Power Commission. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
Circuit Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit denied.
No. 833. Hazel E. Cranston, petitioner, v. Ransford C. Thompson
et al. and
No. 834. Hazel E. Cranston, petitioner, v. Ransford C. Thompson
et al. Petition for writs of certiorari to the Circuit Court of Appeals
for the Second Circuit denied.
No. 836. Walter S. Halliwell, petitioner, v. Commissioner of Inter-
nal Revenue. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of
Appeals for the Second Circuit denied.
No. 842. E. A. Parkford, petitioner, v. Commissioner of Internal
Revenue. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of Ap-
peals for the Ninth Circuit denied.
No. 850. Mildred Mayo Deal, petitioner, v. Venda C. Abramson.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of Appeals for the
Eighth Circuit denied.
No. 851. Musicraft Records, Inc., petitioner, v. Jack Shilkret.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of Appeals for the
Second Circuit denied.
No. 853. Nellie C. Bostwick, Jacksonville Heights Improvement
Company, et al., petitioners, v. Baldwin Drainage District, C. T. Boyd,
et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of Appeals
for the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 856. Andrew Bergoty, petitioner, v. Peter Gambera. Petition
for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of Appeals for the Second
Circuit denied.
No. 857. The France Stone Company, petitioner, v. Commissioner
of Internal Revenue. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit
Court of Appeals for the Sixth Circuit denied.
No. 867. William E. Andrews, petitioner, v. Hotel Sherman, Inc.,
a Delaware Corporation, et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
Circuit Court of Appeals for the Seventh Circuit denied.
No. 877. Wert T. Reed and F. F. Dollert, petitioner, v. Houston Oil
Company of Texas et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Cir-
cuit Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 899. Maryland Casualty Company, petitioner, v. Dixie Pine
Products Company. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit
Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit denied.

MONDAY, MAY 3, 1943
227
No. 852. American Manufacturing Company of Texas et al., peti-
tioners, v. National Labor Relations Board. Petition for writ of
certiorari to the Circuit Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 861. Lewis W. Gilbert, petitioner, v. General Motors Corpora-
tion. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of Appeals
for the Second Circuit denied.
No. 874. Thomas H. Swope and Virginia McAlpine, petitioners, v.
Kansas City, Kansas, Roy Wheat, et al., etc. Petition for writ of
certiorari to the Circuit Court of Appeals for the Tenth Circuit
denied.
No. 823. Clara Zimmerman, petitioner, v. E. E. Walker, Captain,
United States Army, etc. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Cir-
cuit Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit denied on the ground that
the cause is moot, it appearing that Hans Zimmerman, on whose behalf
the petition is filed, has been released from the respondent's custody.
Weber v. Squier, 315 U. S. 810; Tornello v. Hudspeth, 318, U. S. —.
No. 859. Sperry Products, Inc., petitioner, v. Association of Ameri-
can Railroads et al.; and
No. 860. Association of American Railroads et al., petitioners, v.
Sperry Products, Inc. Petitions for writs of certiorari to the Circuit
Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit denied. Mr. Justice Reed
took no part in the consideration or decision of these applications.
No. 900. Muskogee County, Oklahoma, et al., petitioners, v. The
United States of America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Cir-
cuit Court of Appeals for the Tenth Circuit denied for the reason
that application therefor was not made within the time provided by
law. Section 8 (a), Act of February 13, 1925 (43 Stat. 936, 940), 28
U. S. C., section 350.
No. 878. The Prudential Insurance Company of America, peti-
tioner, v. Jane Saxe. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United
States Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia denied. Mr.
Justice Rutledge took no part in the consideration or decision of this
application.
No. 837. Robert Martin, petitioner, v. Martin F. Amrine, Warden,
etc. On petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of
Kansas;
No. 841. Charles H. Cochran, petitioner, v. The State of Kansas
et al. On petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of
Kansas;
No. 854. Dave Canty, petitioner, v. The State of Alabama. On
petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Alabama;
No. 872. Ralph W. Fleeman, petitioner, v. State of Kansas et al.
On petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Kansas;

MONDAY, MAY 3, 1943
228
No. 875. Winston Posey, petitioner, v. Alfred F. Dowd, Warden,
etc. On petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of Appeals
for the Seventh Circuit;
No. 780. James R. Clem, petitioner, v. State of Maryland. On
petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals of Maryland;
No. 847. The United States of America, ex rel. Wilbur Jackson,
alias Will Jackson, et al., petitioners, v. Patrick J. Brady, Warden,
etc. On petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of Appeals
for the Fourth Circuit;
No. 855. Lloyd Frankel, petitioner, v. Bethlehem-Fairfield Ship-
yard, Inc. On petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of
Appeals for the Fourth Circuit.
No. 868. Dora Brady et al., petitioners, v. Annie Beams et al. On
petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of Appeals for the
Tenth Circuit;
No. 950. Mark Reynolds and Frank Reynolds, petitioners, v. Nathan
Mayo, State Prison Custodian. On petition for writ of certiorari to
the Supreme Court of Florida; and
No. 942. James R. Deering, petitioner, v. National Mortgage Cor-
poration et al. On petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme
Court of New York. The motions for leave to proceed in forma pau-
peris are granted. The petitions for writs of certiorari are denied.
No. 903. October Term, 1941. Robert L. Peyton, petitioner, v. Rail-
way Express Agency, Inc., et al. Fifth petition for rehearing denied.
Mr. Justice Rutledge took no part in the consideration or decision of
this application.
No. 517. Gaetano Ajello, petitioner, v. Pan American Airways
Corporation et al. Second petition for rehearing denied. Mr. Jus-
tice Rutledge took no part in the consideration or decision of this
application.
No. 566. Gretta Lafuente, petitioner, v. County of Los Angeles.
The motion for leave to file a fourth petition for rehearing is granted.
The fourth petition for rehearing is denied. Mr. Justice Rutledge
took no part in the consideration or decision of this application.
No. 436. Joseph De Zon, petitioner, v. American President Lines,
Ltd.; and
No. 459. Vivian Wycliff Buie, petitioner, v. The United States of
America. Petitions for rehearing denied. Mr. Justice Rutledge took
no part in the consideration or decision of these applications.
No. 597. Ada McSparran, petitioner, v. City of Portland;
No. 746. Edward D. Markham, petitioner, v. People of the State of
Illinois, ex rel. Earle G. H. Cromer, et al.;

MONDAY, MAY 3, 1943
229
No. 764. Joseph E. Jones, petitioner, v. Hon. Francis Biddle,
Attorney General, etc.;
No. 767. Marco Reginelli, petitioner, v. The United States of
America;
No. 797. J. R. Mason, petitioner, v. Palo Verde Irrigation District;
and
No. 801. Arthur Corkum, petitioner, v. The People of the State of
New York. Petitions for rehearing denied.
No. 557. National Labor Relations Board, petitioner, v. Goodyear
Tire & Rubber Company of Alabama et al. On writ of certiorari to
the Circuit Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit. Dismissed on
motion of counsel for the petitioner.
No. 886. Sylvania Industrial Corporation, petitioner, v. The Visk-
ing Corporation. On petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit
Court of Appeals for the Fourth Circuit. Dismissed on motion of
counsel for the petitioner.
No. 963. Missouri-Kansas Pipe Line Company, appellant, v. The
United States of America et al. Appeal from the District Court of
the United States for the District of Delaware. Dismissed on motion
of counsel for the appellant and mandate ordered to issue forthwith.
No. 945. Ford Motor Company, petitioner, v. Gordon Form Lathe
Company; and
No. 946. Ford Motor Company, petitioner, v. Gordon Form Lathe
Company. Time within which to file brief opposing petition for writs
of certiorari extended to and including May 26 next, per stipulation
of counsel.
No. 934. Clem Lockerty, Anthony Caruso, et al., appellants, v.
Charles M. Phillips, United States Attorney for the District of New
Jersey. Argued by Mr. Arthur T. Vanderbilt for the appellants
and by Mr. Thomas I. Emerson for the appellee. Leave granted ap-
pellants to file a reply brief by Thursday.
No. 698. Daniel F. Boone, petitioner, v. Clarence M. Lightner,
Theodore A. Lightner et al. Argument commenced by Mr. Milton I.
Baldinger for the petitioner.
Adjourned until tomorrow at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Tuesday, May 4, will be as follows: Nos. 698, 684,
707, 722, 723, 783, 813, 849, 709, and 787.
488078-43--85

TUESDAY, MAY 4, 1943.
230
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: The Chief Justice, Mr. Justice Roberts, Mr. Justice Black,
Mr. Justice Reed, Mr. Justice Frankfurter, Mr. Justice Douglas, Mr.
Justice Murphy, Mr. Justice Jackson, and Mr. Justice Rutledge.
John H. Machado, of San Jose, Calif.; S. Warwick Keegin, of
Highland, Md.; James L. Brewrink, of Washington, D. C.; Francis
S. Bensel, of New York City; John P. Chandler, of New York City;
Maurice Schulman, of Los Angeles, Calif.; Henry C. Rohr, of Los
Angeles, Calif.; Lloyd Fletcher, Jr., of Washington, D. C.; Frank
C. Mason, of New York City; Harry I. Hannah, of Mattoon, Ill.;
Edward L. P. O'Connor, of New York City; W. C. Perrault, of Baton
Rouge, La.; Charles S. Cunningham, of Ossining, N. Y.; William
Wesley Roberts, Jr., of Little Rock, Ark.; Herman Jerome Bloom, of
Detroit, Mich.; Jules Haberman, of New York City; Robert B. Lisle,
of New York City; John G. Laylin, of Washington, D. C.; and Walter
C. Lundgren, of New York City, were admitted to practice.
No. 698. Daniel F. Boone, petitioner, v. Clarence M. Lightner,
Theodore A. Lightner, et al. Argument continued by Mr. Milton I.
Baldinger for the petitioner; by Mr. M. R. McCown for the respond-
ents; and concluded by Mr. Milton I. Baldinger for the petitioner.
No. 684. County of Mahnomen, a municipal corporation, peti-
tioner, v. The United States of America. Argued by Mr. L. A. Wilson
and Mr. George B. Sjoselius for the petitioner and by Mr. Vernon
L. Wilkinson for the respondent.
No. 707. Benjamin W. Freeman, petitioner, v. Bee Machine Com-
pany, Inc. Argument commenced by Mr. Marston Allen for the peti-
tioner and continued by Mr. Cedric W. Porter for the respondent.
Adjourned until tomorrow at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Wednesday, May 5, will be as follows: Nos. 707,
722, 723, 783, 813, 849, 709, 787, 606 (610 and 619), and 889.
488078-43--86

WEDNESDAY, MAY 5, 1943
231
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: The Chief Justice, Mr. Justice Roberts, Mr. Justice Black,
Mr. Justice Reed, Mr. Justice Frankfurter, Mr. Justice Douglas, Mr.
Justice Murphy, Mr. Justice Jackson, and Mr. Justice Rutledge.
Campbell DeMallie, of Lowell, Mass.; Matthew Trimble Sawtelle.
of Bethesda, Md.; Earl William Aurelius, of Cleveland, Ohio; Mil-
ton Eric Wertz, of Missoula, Mont.; and D. Elwood Caples, of Van-
couver, Wash., were admitted to practice.
No. 707. Benjamin W. Freeman, petitioner, ». Bee Machine Com-
pany, Inc. Argument continued by Mr. Cedric W. Porter for the
respondent and concluded by Mr. Marston Allen for the petitioner.
No. 722. Standard Dredging Corporation, appellant, v. Frieda
S. Miller, as Industrial Commissioner of the State of New York, and
Mike Cassaretakis;
No. 723. International Elevating Company, appellant, v. Frieda
S. Miller, as Industrial Commissioner of the State of New York, and
Joseph Bergen;
No. 783. Matton Steamboat Co., Inc., et al., appellants, v. Frieda
S. Miller, as Industrial Commissioner of the State of New York, and
James R. Knowlson; and
No. 813. Lake Tankers Corporation, appellant, v. Frieda S. Mil-
ler, as Industrial Commissioner of the State of New York, and Jamel
Sheredos. Michael J. Murphy, Acting Industrial Commissioner
of the State of New York, substituted as a party appellee in each of
these cases in the place and stead of Frieda S. Miller, former Indus-
trial Commissioner, on motion of Mr. Cletus Keating in that behalf.
Argument commenced by Mr. Cletus Keating for the appellant in
No. 722; continued by Mr. Robert B. Lisle for the appellant in No.
723; by Mr. Frank C. Mason for the appellants in No. 783; by Mr.
Francis S. Bensel for the appellant in No. 813; and concluded by
Mr. Orrin G. Judd for the appellees.
No. 849. Great Lakes Dredge & Dock Company et al., petitioners,
v. Philip J. Charlet, Administrator, etc., et al. Argument commenced
by Mr. R. Emmett Kerrigan for the petitioners.
Adjourned until tomorrow at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Thursday, May 6, will be as follows: Nos. 849,
709, 787, 606 (610 and 619), 889, 870 (and 871), 912, 840, 762,
and 628.
488078-43-87

THURSDAY, MAY 6, 1943
232
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: The Chief Justice, Mr. Justice Roberts, Mr. Justice Black,
Mr. Justice Reed, Mr. Justice Frankfurter, Mr. Justice Douglas, Mr.
Justice Murphy, Mr. Justice Jackson, and Mr. Justice Rutledge.
William E. Ahrens, of New York City; Norris S. Barratt, Jr., of
Philadelphia, Pa.; Douglass P. Wingo, of Birmingham, Ala.; Solo-
mon A. Klein, of Brooklyn, N. Y.; Leon C. Levy, of Houston, Tex.;
Martin Warren Bell, of Chicago, Ill.; Thomas Cradock Hughes, of
Brooklyn, N. Y.; Edward H. Levine, of Brooklyn, N. Y.; Paul Henry
Snow, of Boston, Mass.; Frank Miller Reynolds, Jr., of Tulsa, Okla.;
Benj. J. Jacobson, of Long Island City, N. Y.; Gerald Weatherly, of
New York City; Henry H. Taylor, Jr., of Miami, Fla.; George W.
Cupps, Jr., of Philadelphia, Pa.; and Charles Shepherd Thompson,
of Philadelphia, Pa., were admitted to practice.
No. 849. Great Lakes Dredge & Dock Company et al., petitioners,
v. Philip J. Charlet, Administrator, etc., et al. Argument continued
by Mr. R. Emmett Kerrigan for the petitioners and concluded by
Mr. W. C. Perrault for the respondents.
No. 709. Virginia Electric and Power Company, petitioner, v. Na-
tional Labor Relations Board. Argued by Mr. George D. Gibson and
Mr. T. Justin Moore for the petitioner and by Mr. Robert B. Watts
for the respondent.
No. 787. L. McLeod, petitioner, v. M. C. Threlkeld et al., etc.
Argument commenced by Mr. Leon C. Levy for the petitioner.
Adjourned until tomorrow at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Friday, May 7, will be as follows: Nos. 787, 606,
(610 and 619), 889, 870 (and 871), 912, 840, 762, 628, and 766.
☑
488078-43-88

FRIDAY, MAY 7, 1943.
233
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: The Chief Justice, Mr. Justice Roberts, Mr. Justice Black,
Mr. Justice Reed, Mr. Justice Frankfurter, Mr. Justice Douglas, Mr.
Justice Murphy, Mr. Justice Jackson, and Mr. Justice Rutledge.
John Hubble Baldwin, of Indianapolis, Ind.; Rudyard K. Bell, of
Miami, Fla.; James B. Campbell, Jr., of Tallahassee, Fla.; Frank R.
Beckwith, of Indianapolis, Ind.; W. Arthur Countryman, Jr., of
Hartford, Conn.; E. F. Bernard, of Portland, Oreg.; William C.
Waring, Jr., of Providence, R. I.; and Austin H. Forkner, of Madi-
son, Wis., were admitted to practice.
No. 787. L. McLeod, petitioner, v. M. C. Threlkeld et al., etc.
Argument continued by Mr. Leon C. Levy for the petitioner; by Mr.
John P. Bullington for the respondents; and concluded by Mr. Leon
C. Levy for the petitioner.
No. 606. Louis Buchalter, petitioner, v. People of the State of
New York;
No. 610. Emanuel Weiss, petitioner, v. People of the State of New
York; and
No. 619. Louis Capone, petitioner, v. People of the State of New
York. Argument commenced by Mr. Arthur Garfield Hays for the
petitioners, and continued by Mr. Sydney Rosenthal and Mr. I.
Maurice Wormser for the petitioners and by Mr. Solomon A. Klein
for the respondent.
Adjourned until Monday next at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Monday, May 10, will be as follows: Nos. 606
(610 and 619), 889, 870 (and 871), 912, 840, 762, 628, and 766.
488078-43- -89

MONDAY, MAY 10, 1943
234
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: The Chief Justice, Mr. Justice Roberts, Mr. Justice Black,
Mr. Justice Reed, Mr. Justice Frankfurter, Mr. Justice Douglas, Mr.
Justice Murphy, Mr. Justice Jackson, and Mr. Justice Rutledge.
Charles J. Merriam, of Chicago, Ill.; B W Burkhead, of Los
Angeles, Calif.; Arthur G. Barnett, of Seattle, Wash.; Frank L.
Walters, of Seattle, Wash.; Perry Allen Beck, of New York City;
Austin Rhone Clapp, of Huntington Park, Calif.; George S. Fitz-
gerald, of Detroit, Mich.; and Paul B. Mayrand, of Detroit, Mich.,
were admitted to practice.
No. 554. National Broadcasting Company, Inc., and Stromberg-
Carlson Telephone Manufacturing Company, appellants, v. The
United States of America et al.; and
No. 555. Columbia Broadcasting System, Inc., appellant, v. The
United States of America et al. Appeals from the District Court of
the United States for the Southern District of New York. Judg-
ments affirmed. Opinion by Mr. Justice Frankfurter. Mr. Justice
Black and Mr. Justice Rutledge took no part in the consideration or
decision of these cases. Dissenting opinion by Mr. Justice Murphy in
which Mr. Justice Roberts agrees with the views expressed therein.
No. 934. Clem Lockerty, Anthony Caruso, Edward A. Carroll,
et al., appellants, v. Charles M. Phillips, United States Attorney for
the District of New Jersey. Appeal from the District Court of the
United States for the District of New Jersey. Judgment affirmed.
Opinion by Mr. Chief Justice Stone.
The Chief Justice said:
"The orders of the Court appear upon the list certified by the Chief
Justice and filed with the Clerk and will not be announced orally."
-
No. Garfield J. Kelly, petitioner, v. John W. Gerdink, Vigo Cir-
cuit Court, Indiana. Application denied.
No. 863. Magnolia Petroleum Company et al., petitioners, v. Sul-
livan H. Hunt. The motion of respondent for leave to proceed in
forma pauperis is granted.
488078-43--90

MONDAY, MAY 10, 1943
235
No. 882. Northwest Airlines, Inc., petitioner, v. State of Minne-
sota. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of the
State of Minnesota granted.
No. 881. Consumers Import Co., Inc., et al., petitioners, v. Kabu-
shiki Kaisha Kawasaki Zosenjo et al. Petition for writ of certiorari
to the Circuit Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit granted lim-
ited to the fifth question presented by the petition. The case is trans-
ferred to the summary docket.
No. 235. David Busey and Orville J. Richie, petitioners, v. Dis-
trict of Columbia. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United
States Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia granted and the
case transferred to the summary docket. Mr. Justice Rutledge took
no part in the consideration or decision of this application.
No. 786. Pitt River Power Company, petitioner, v. The United
States. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Claims denied.
"No. 862. Herman A. Hinze, Carl E. Sturm, et al., petitioners, v.
Morvin Duel, Commissioner of Insurance, as Liquidator, etc. Peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Wisconsin denied.
No. 883. Leslie Fullard-Leo and Ellen Fullard-Leo, petitioners,
v. The United States of America. Petition for writ of certiorari to
the Circuit Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit denied.
No. 896. Texas Land and Mortgage Company, petitioner, v. Lon
Alexander Mullican. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit
Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 906. Harvey S. Cover, petitioner, v. Nathan Schwartz, doing
business as Hygeia Respirator Co. Petition for writ of certiorari to
the Circuit Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit denied.
No. 911. State of Tennessee, ex rel. Philip J. Sherman and John
V. Avakian, petitioners, v. O. W. Hyman, Dean of the University of
Tennessee College of Medicine, et al. Petition for writ of certiorari
to the Supreme Court of Tennessee denied.
No. 914. New York Life Insurance Company, petitioner, v. Mae G.
Chapman. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of
Appeals for the Eighth Circuit denied.
No. 961. C. S. Cameron, petitioner, v. J. P. Gordon. Petition for
writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals, Licking County, State of
Ohio, denied.
No. 846. Magnus Beck Brewing Company, Inc., petitioner, v.
Commissioner of Internal Revenue. Petition for writ of certiorari
to the Circuit Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit denied.
No. 880. The Aetna Casualty and Surety Company, petitioner, v.
First Camden National Bank and Trust Company. Petition for

MONDAY, MAY 10, 1943
236
writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of Appeals for the Third Cir-
cuit denied.
No. 788. The Standard Oil Company of Kansas, petitioner, v. The
United States. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Claims
denied. Mr. Justice Jackson took no part in the consideration or
decision of this application.
No. 897. Osage Tribe of Indians and Fred Lookout, Principal
Chief, etc., petitioners, v. Harold L. Ickes, Secretary of the Interior
of the United States, et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
United States Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia denied.
Mr. Justice Rutledge took no part in the consideration or decision of
this application.
No. 959. J. A. Kennedy Realty Corporation et al., petitioners, v.
The City of New York. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court
of Appeals of New York denied for the reason that application there-
for was not made within the time provided by law. Section 8 (a),
Act of February 13, 1925 (43 Stat. 936, 940), 28 U. S. C., section 350;
Department of Banking v. Pink, 317 U. S. 264.
No. 752. Polakow's Realty Experts, Inc., petitioner, v. The State
of Alabama; and
No. 753. P. S. Strumpf, petitioner, v. The State of Alabama. Pe-
tition for writs of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Alabama denied
for want of final judgments. Rankin v. State, 11 Wall. 380, Heike v.
United States, 217 U. S. 423; Brown v. South Carolina, 298 U. S. 639;
Eastman v. Ohio, 299 U. S. 505.
No. 993. A. M. Joyce, petitioner, v. State Bank of Madison. Pe-
tition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Minnesota denied
for the reason that application therefor was not made within the time
provided by law. Section 8 (a), Act of February 13, 1925 (43 Stat.
936, 940), 28 U. S. C., section 350. Mr. Justice Rutledge took no part
in the consideration or decision of this application.
No. 321. The Creek Nation, petitioner, v. The United States; and
No. 322. The Seminole Nation, petitioner, v. The United States.
Petition for rehearing denied. Mr. Justice Rutledge took no part in
the consideration or decision of this application.
No. 772. The New York Trust Company, as the Trustee under
the debenture agreements between it and the United Light and Power
Company et al., petitioners, v. Securities and Exchange Commission
and The United Light and Power Company. The motion to defer
consideration of the petition for rehearing is denied. The petition
for rehearing is also denied.
No. 737. Albert B. Lukens, petitioner, v. The State of Ohio;
No. 754. Estella Reece, a widow, petitioner, v. Theodore Ebers-
bach, Charles Ebersbach, and S. B. Brinson, etc.;

MONDAY, MAY 10, 1943
237
No. 809. J. H. Anderson, petitioner, v. The United States of
America;
No. 810. Mr. and Mrs. J. H. Anderson, petitioners, v. The United
States of America; and
No. 819. Franklinville Realty Company, petitioner, v. Arnold
Construction Company. Petitions for rehearing denied.
ORDER
It is ordered that the call of the docket, except for special assign-
ments, be suspended for the term upon the conclusion of the argument
in case No. 628, and that the Court will then take a recess until Mon-
day, May 17, from that day until Monday, May 24, and from that day
until Tuesday, June 1, upon which day it will adjourn for the term
unless otherwise ordered.
No motions, except motions for admission to practice, will be re-
ceived after the session next before the date fixed for adjournment of
the term.
No., original. Ex parte Henry R. Anderson, petitioner. Mo-
tion for leave to file for writ of mandamus presented.
No. 606. Louis Buchalter, petitioner, v. People of the State of New
York;
No. 610. Emanuel Weiss, petitioner, v. People of the State of
New York; and
No. 619. Louis Capone, petitioner, v. The People of the State of
New York. Argument continued by Mr. Solomon A. Klein for the
respondent; by Mr. John Schulman for the petitioners; and con-
cluded by Mr. J. Bertram Wegman for the petitioners.
No. 889. Richard Philip Adams et al. v. The United States of
America et al. Argued by Mr. Thurgood Marshall for Adams et al.
and by Mr. Robert L. Stern for the United States et al.
No. 870. Gordon Kiyoshi Hirabayashi v. The United States of
America; and
No. 871. Minoru Yasui v. The United States of America. Argu-
ment commenced by Mr. Frank L. Walters for Hirabayashi and
continued by Mr. Harold Evans for Hirabayashi.
Adjourned until tomorrow at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Tuesday, May 11, will be as follows: Nos. 870
(and 871), 912, 840, 762, 766, and 628.

TUESDAY, MAY 11, 1943
238
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: The Chief Justice, Mr. Justice Roberts, Mr. Justice Black,
Mr. Justice Reed, Mr. Justice Frankfurter, Mr. Justice Douglas, Mr.
Justice Murphy, Mr. Justice Jackson, and Mr. Justice Rutledge.
Jean M. Coleman, of Dayton, Ohio; John E. Coleman, of Dayton,
Ohio; Wade Hampton Ballard II, of Welch, W. Va.; Herbert E.
Oakes, of Ponca City, Okla.; Morris Daniel Coppersmith, of Rock
Island, Ill.; Roy L. Pell, of Marshalltown, Iowa; William R. Perdue,
Jr., of New York City; Brenton Lewis Metzler, of Los Angeles, Calif.;
David Buer Love, of Dallas, Tex.; Allen C. Dawson, of Taylorsville,
Ill.; Henry G. Burke, of Baltimore, Md.; Vernon M..Welsh, of Chi-
cago, Ill.; and Harry R. Hurvitz, of Chicago, Ill., were admitted to
practice.
No. 870. Gordon Kiyoshi Hirabayashi v. The United States of
America; and
No. 871. Minoru Yasui v. The United States of America. Argu-
ment continued by Mr. Harold Evans for Hirabayashi; by Mr. E. F.
Bernard for Yasui; by Mr. A. L. Wirin for Yasui; by Mr. Solicitor
General Fahy for the United States; by Mr. A. L. Wirin for Yasui;
and concluded by Mr. Harold Evans for Hirabayashi.
No. 912. Fred Toyosaburo Korematsu v. The United States of
America. Argued by Mr. A. L. Wirin for Korematsu and by Mr.
John L. Burling for the United States.
No. 840. The United States of America appellant, v. Dick Johnson.
Argument commenced by Mr. Paul A. Freund for the appellant.
Adjourned until tomorrow at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Wednesday, May 12, will be as follows: Nos. 840,
762, 766, and 628.
488078-43--91
☑

WEDNESDAY, MAY 12, 1943
239
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: The Chief Justice, Mr. Justice Roberts, Mr. Justice Black,
Mr. Justice Reed, Mr. Justice Frankfurter, Mr. Justice Douglas, Mr.
Justice Murphy, Mr. Justice Jackson, and Mr. Justice Rutledge.
Joseph B. Cozatt, of Miami, Fla.; Simon J. Liebowitz, of New York
City; I. Newton Brozan, of New York City; Aaron Holman, of New
York City; and Theodore L. Harrison, of New York City, were
admitted to practice.
No. 840. The United States of America, appellant, v. Dick John-
son. Argument continued by Mr. Paul A. Freund for the appellant;
by Mr. Vernon M. Welsh for the appellee; by Mr. Paul A. Freund
for the appellant; and concluded by Mr. Vernon M. Welsh for the
appellee.
No. 762. Homer Lester Bartchy, alias Homer Brooks, petitioner,
v. The United States of America. Argued by Mr. Bernard A. Golding
for the petitioner and by Mr. Valentine Brookes for the respondent
No. 766. Virginian Hotel Corporation of Lynchburg, petitioner,
v. Guy T. Helvering, Commissioner of Internal Revenue. Argument
commenced by Mr. William A. Sutherland for the petitioner.
Adjourned until tomorrow at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Thursday, May 13, will be as follows: Nos. 766
and 628.
☑

THURSDAY, MAY 13, 1943
240
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: The Chief Justice, Mr. Justice Roberts, Mr. Justice Black,
Mr. Justice Reed, Mr. Justice Frankfurter, Mr. Justice Douglas, Mr.
Justice Murphy, Mr. Justice Jackson, and Mr. Justice Rutledge.
Robert E. Kopp, of Los Angeles, Calif.; Robert G. Howlett, of New
York City; and Robert Mandel, of Cleveland, Ohio, were admitted to
practice.
No. 766. Virginian Hotel Corporation of Lynchburg, petitioner, v.
Guy T. Helvering, Commissioner of Internal Revenue. Argument
continued by Mr. William A. Sutherland for the petitioner; by Mr.
Samuel H. Levy for the respondent; and concluded by Mr. William A.
Sutherland for the petitioner.
No. 628. The Interstate Commerce Commission, J. M. Kurn, et al.,
etc., appellants, v. Columbus and Greenville Railway Company. Re-
argued by Mr. Daniel W. Knowlton for the appellant, Interstate Com--
merce Commission; by Mr. Elmer A. Smith for the appellants, J. M.
Kurn et al.; and by Mr. Robert C. Stovall and Mr. Forrest B. Jackson
for the appellee.
Adjourned until Monday, May 17, next, at 12 o'clock.
488078-43-93

MONDAY, MAY 17, 1943
241
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: The Chief Justice, Mr. Justice Roberts, Mr. Justice Black,
Mr. Justice Reed, Mr. Justice Frankfurter, Mr. Justice Douglas, Mr.
Justice Murphy, Mr. Justice Jackson, and Mr. Justice Rutledge.
Bennett Boskey, of New York City; Henry Lester Seidner, of
Chicago, Ill.; Frank William Swann, Jr., of St. Louis, Mo.; George
D. Dorroh, of Lexington, Ky.; A. Noel DuComb, of South Bend, Ind.;
Paul E. Jamieson, of Hyattsville, Md.; Ralph A. Gilchrist, of Wash-
ington, D. C.; Frederick M. Schlater, of New York City; Frank
Buckley, of Washington, D. C.; Joseph B. Danzansky, of Washington,
D. C.; Harry Dennis Turner, of Oklahoma City, Okla.; Thomas L.
Wrenn, of Sherman, Tex.; Sam B. Sebree, of Kansas City, Mo.; and
George B. Finnegan, Jr., of New York City were admitted to practice.
No. 3. The United States of America upon the relation and for the
use of The Tennessee Valley Authority, petitioner, v. W. V. N.
Powelson, Assignee and successor in interest of Southern States Power
Company et al. On writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit
Court of Appeals for the Fourth Circuit. Judgment reversed with
costs and cause remanded to the Circuit Court of Appeals for pro-
ceedings in conformity with the opinion of this Court. Opinion by
Mr. Justice Douglas. Dissenting opinion by Mr. Justice Jackson in
which the Chief Justice, Mr. Justice Roberts, and Mr. Justice Frank-
furter join.
No. 585. Federal Communications Commission, petitioner, v. Na-
tional Broadcasting Company, Inc. (KOA), et al. On writ of cer-
tiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the District of
Columbia. Judgment affirmed and cause remanded to the said Court
of Appeals. Opinion by Mr. Justice Roberts. Mr. Justice Black, Mr.
Justice Murphy, and Mr. Justice Rutledge took no part in the con-
sideration or decision of this case. Dissenting opinion by Mr.
Justice Frankfurter. Dissenting opinion by Mr. Justice Douglas.
The Chief Justice announced the following order of the Court:
No. 839. Wm. Levin, Homer V. Talbot, C. C. Beene, et al., appel-
lants, v. The United States of America et al. Appeal from the Dis-
trict Court of the United States for the Northern District of Illinois.
488078-43—94

MONDAY, MAY 17, 1943
242
Per curiam: The motions to affirm are granted and the judgment is
affirmed.
The Chief Justice said:
"The other orders of the Court appear upon the list certified by
the Chief Justice and filed with the Clerk and will not be announced
orally."
-
No.
- original. Ex parte Henry R. Anderson, petitioner. The
motion for leave to file petition for writ of mandamus is denied.
No., original. Ex parte P. A. Whistler, petitioner;
No. —, original. Ex parte Arthur S. Humes, petitioner; and
No. -, original. Ex parte Walter F. Cole and Fann Cole, peti-
tioners. The motions for leave to file petitions for writs of habeas
corpus are denied.
-
No. , original. Ex parte Martin V. Ross, petitioner. The motion
for leave to file petition for writ of habeas corpus is denied, without
prejudice, on the ground that it does not appear that petitioner has ex-
hausted state remedies by applying to the Supreme Court of Michigan
for a writ of habeas corpus.
-
No. —, original. Ex parte Dewey Gooch, petitioner. The motion
for leave to file petition for writ of habeas corpus is denied, without
prejudice, on the ground that it does not appear that state court
remedies have been exhausted.
-.
No. Berlin Spence, petitioner, v. State of Indiana. Applica-
tion denied.
No. 957. William J. Demorest, Jr., et al., appellants, v. City Bank
Farmers Trust Company, as Trustee, etc., et al. In this case probable
jurisdiction is noted.
No. 890. Federal Power Commission, City of Akron, et al., peti-
tioners, v. Hope Natural Gas Company; and
No. 891. City of Cleveland, petitioner, v. Hope Natural Gas Com-
pany. Petitions for writs of certiorari to the Circuit Court of Appeals
for the Fourth Circuit granted.
No. 710. J. B. Wheat et al., petitioners, v. Texas Land and Mortgage
Company, Limited, et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Su-
preme Court of Texas denied.
No. 884. Jane M. Stimson and Blanche M. Newman, petitioners, v.
R. C. Tarrant and Barnes, Butler Oil Company. Petition for writ
of certiorari to the Circuit Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit
denied.
No. 887. Botany Worsted Mills, petitioner, v. National Labor Rela-
tions Board; and

MONDAY, MAY 17, 1943
243
No. 888. Botany Worsted Mills, petitioner, v. National Labor Rela-
tions Board. Petition for writs of certiorari to the Circuit Court of
Appeals for the Third Circuit denied.
No. 902. People of Puerto Rico, petitioner, v. The United States
of America and Casino De Puerto Rico. Petition for writ of certiorari
to the Circuit Court of Appeals for the First Circuit denied.
No. 916. Edison Brothers Stores, Inc., petitioner, v. Guy T. Helver-
ing, Commissioner of Internal Revenue. Petition for writ of certio-
rari to the Circuit Court of Appeals for the Eighth Circuit denied.
No. 917. Bertha R. Linder, in behalf of Herself and other owners
of Manhattan 4% Second Mortgage Bonds, petitioner, v. Van S.
Merle-Smith and others, etc. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
Circuit Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit denied.
No. 921. Pacific Steamship Lines, Inc., petitioner, v. Roy W.
Crosby. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of Ap-
peals for the Ninth Circuit denied.
No. 938. Lyman Fleniken and Mrs. Lyman Fleniken, petitioners, v.
Great American Indemnity Company, Capital City Press, et al. Pe-
tition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of Appeals for the
Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 986. John T. Regan, petitioner, v. Cameron King, as Registrar,
etc. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of Appeals
for the Ninth Circuit denied.
No. 781. South Mercur Mining Company, petitioner, v. New
Mercur Mining Company et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to
the Supreme Court of Utah denied.
No. 898. Fred Lochmann, petitioner, v. Ed Sykes for and in behalf
of Himself, etc. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court
of Kansas denied.
No. 903. Cafeteria Employees Union, Local 302, and William
Mesevich, petitioners, v. Gus Angelos, John Harris, et al; and
No. 904. Cafeteria Employees Union, Local 302, and William
Mesevich, petitioners, v. Elias Tsakires, Kallis Constantinon, et al.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals of New York in
each case denied on the ground that it does not appear from the record
that the federal question presented by the petition was properly pre-
sented to or expressly passed on by the New York Court of Appeals.
No. 929. Joseph Di Marzo, petitioner, v. The United States of
America. The motion to proceed on typewritten papers is granted.
The petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of Appeals
for the Ninth Circuit denied.
No. 924. Wabash Valley Coach Co., petitioner, v. Gertrudge B.
Sale, as President of Wabash Valley Coach Co., et al.; and

MONDAY, MAY 17, 1943
244
No. 925. Charles A. Turner, petitioner, v. Wabash Valley Coach
Co. et al. The motion for a stay in No. 924 is denied. The petition
for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Indiana in each case
is denied.
No. 980. Joseph W. Cress, petitioner, v. State of Washington. On
petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Washington;
and
No. 982. Walter F. Cole and Fann Cole, petitioners, v. Nathan
Mayo as Custodian of the Florida State Prison. On petition for writ
of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Florida. The motions for
leave to proceed in forma pauperis are granted. The petitions for
writs of certiorari are denied.
No. 869. Edmond C. Fletcher, petitioner, v. The Evening Star
Newspaper Company. On petition for writ of certiorari to the United
States Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia; and
No. 901. Edmond C. Fletcher, petitioner, v. Harold M. Stephens,
Justin Miller, et al. On petition for writ of certiorari to the United
States Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia. The motions
for leave to proceed in forma pauperis are granted. The petitions for
writs of certiorari are denied. The Chief Justice is of the opinion
that the petitions should be granted. Mr. Justice Rutledge took no
part in the consideration or decision of these applications.
No. 873. The United States of America, ex rel. Peter J. Innes, Jr.,
petitioner, v. Colonel T. L. Crystal, Commanding Officer of the United
States Army, Governor's Island, N. Y., etc. The motion for leave to
proceed in forma pauperis is granted. Petition for writ of certiorari
to the Circuit Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit denied on the
ground that the cause is moot, it appearing that petitioner no longer
is in respondent's custody, Zimmerman v. Walker, No. 823, decided
May 3, 1943, and cases cited.
No. 1011. Curtis Robinson, petitioner, v. State of Alabama; and
No. 1012. Henry Daniels, Jr., petitioner, v. State of Alabama. The
motions for leave to proceed in forma pauperis are granted. The peti-
tions for writs of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Alabama are
denied. The stay orders heretofore entered are vacated.
No. 34. Chicago and North Western Railway Company, petitioner,
v. Mutual Savings Bank Group Committee et al.;
No. 35. Chicago and North Western Railway Company, petitioner,
v. Mutual Savings Bank Group Committee et al.; and
No. 36. Chicago and North Western Railway Company, petitioner,
v. Mutual Savings Bank Group Committee et al.;
No. 37. Louis Susman et al., Convertible Bond Owners, petitioners,
v. Mutual Savings Bank Group Committee, etc., et al.; and

MONDAY, MAY 17, 1943
245
No. 38. Louis Susman et al., Convertible Bond Owners, petitioner,
v. Mutual Savings Bank Group Committee, etc., et al.;
No. 62. Irving Trust Company, as Successor Trustee, etc., peti-
tioner, v. Mutual Savings Bank Group Committee et al.;
No. 63. Irving Trust Company, as Successor Trustee, etc., peti-
tioner, v. Mutual Savings Bank Group Committee et al.; and
No. 64. Irving Trust Company, as Successor Trustee, etc., peti-
tioner, v. Mutual Savings Bank Group Committee et al. The petitions
for rehearing are denied. Mr. Justice Rutledge took no part in the
consideration or decision of these applications.
No. 556. Board of County Commissioners of the County of Creek,
State of Oklahoma, a municipal corporation, et al., petitioners, v.
Evelyn Seber et al. Petition for rehearing denied. Mr. Justice Reed
took no part in the consideration or decision of this application.
No. 818. Anna S. A. Graf and August Graf, Individually, etc.,
et al., petitioners, v. City of Newark. Petition for rehearing denied.
No. 5, original. The State of Colorado, complainant, v. The State
of Kansas et al. Report of the Special Master presented.
No. 794. Samuel Green, d. b. a. Green Vacuum Cleaner Company
(not Inc.), petitioner, v. Electric Vacuum Cleaner Company, Inc.
On writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of Appeals for the Sixth
Circuit. Dismissed on motion of counsel for the petitioner.
Adjourned until Monday, May 24, next, at 12 o'clock.
Х

MONDAY, MAY 24, 1943
246
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: The Chief Justice, Mr. Justice Roberts, Mr. Justice Black,
Mr. Justice Reed, Mr. Justice Frankfurter, Mr. Justice Douglas, Mr.
Justice Murphy, Mr. Justice Jackson, and Mr. Justice Rutledge.
Albert E. Sawyer, of Washington, D. C.; R. McDonald Gray, of
Charlotte, N. C.; Benjamin Harrison Powell IV, of Austin, Tex.;
Lazare F. Bernhard, of Los Angeles, Calif.; Clark P. Diggins, of
Fort Wayne, Ind.; Hermann Moyse, of Baton Rouge, La.; Andrew
R. Bratter, of St. Paul, Minn.; Oliver C. Hancock, of Atlanta, Ga.;
Mabel K. Busse, of Chicago, Ill.; Michael F. Keogh, of Washington,
D. C.; J. Robert Carey, of Washington, D. C.; Frank S. Lewis, of
Toledo, Ohio; James L. Atkins, of Lebanon, Pa.; Joseph L. Hoffmann,
of Monongahela, Pa.; James F. Lynch, of St. Paul, Minn.; Victor E.
Spittler, of Omaha, Nebr.; R. Lee Jarrell, of Washington, D. C.;
Chesley A. Lycan, of Louisa, Ky.; Anne Snider, of Boston, Mass.;
Gaines H. Gough, of Washington, D. C.; Edward W. Moses, of Los
Angeles, Calif.; John D. Conner, of Washington, D. C.; James F.
Foley, of Washington, D. C.; John Alvin Croghan, of Washington,
D. C.; Richard Z. Lamberson, of Fresno, Calif.; Lester N. Salwin,
of Chicago, Ill.; Harvey J. Shoemaker, of Louisville, Ohio; and
Murray M. Cowen, of New York City, were admitted to practice.
The Chief Justice said:
"The Court learns with great sorrow of the death of Mrs. William
Howard Taft, widow of the late Chief Justice of this Court.
"The Court is advised that the funeral ceremonies will be held in
Washington tomorrow at two o'clock in the afternoon. Members of
the Court will be present to show appropriate respect to her memory."
No. 553. Joseph Galloway, by Freda Galloway, his guardian, peti-
tioner, v. The United States of America. On writ of certiorari to
the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit.
Judgment affirmed and cause remanded to the District Court of the
United States for the Northern District of California. Opinion by
Mr. Justice Rutledge. Dissenting opinion by Mr. Justice Black in
which Mr. Justice Douglas and Mr. Justice Murphy concur.
No. 640. Florence J. Bailey, as Administratrix of E. Bailey, peti-
tioner, v. Central Vermont Railway, Inc. On writ of certiorari to
the Supreme Court of the State of Vermont. Judgment reversed
with costs and cause remanded to the said Supreme Court for further
proceedings not inconsistent with the opinion of this Court. Opinion
488078-43-95

MONDAY, MAY 24, 1943
247
by Mr. Justice Douglas. Separate opinion by Mr. Justice Roberts
in which Mr. Justice Frankfurter joins. Separate opinion by Mr.
Chief Justice Stone.
No. 696. A. W. Altvater and The Western Supplies Company,
petitioners, v. Benjamin W. Freeman and The Louis G. Freeman
Company. On writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of
Appeals for the Eighth Circuit. Judgment reversed with costs and
cause remanded to the Circuit Court of Appeals for further proceed-
ings in conformity with the opinion of this Court. Opinion by Mr.
Justice Douglas. Separate opinion by Mr. Justice Frankfurter in
which Mr. Justice Roberts joins.
No. 722. Standard Dredging Corporation, appellant, v. Michael
J. Murphy, as Acting Industrial Commissioner of the State of New
York, and Mike Cassaretakis; and
No. 723. International Elevating Company, appellant, v. Michael
J. Murphy, as Acting Industrial Commissioner of the State of New
York, and Joseph Bergen. Appeals from the Supreme Court of the
State of New York, Appellate Division, Third Department. Judg-
ments affirmed with costs. Opinion by Mr. Justice Black.
No. 889. Richard Philip Adams, John Walter Bordenave, and
Lawrence Mitchell v. The United States of America and John S.
Ryan, Warden. On certificate from the United States Circuit Court
of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit. Certified question No. 1 answered
"Yes." Question No. 2 answered "No." Opinion by Mr. Justice
Black.
No. 495. G. E. Burford et al., petitioners, v. Sun Oil Company
et al.; and
No. 496. Sun Oil Company et al., petitioners, v. G. E. Burford
et al. On writs of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of
Appeals for the Fifth Circuit. Judgment of the Circuit Court of
Appeals reversed with costs and judgment of the District Court dis-
missing the complaint affirmed and cases remanded to the District
Court of the United States for the Western District of Texas.
Opinion by Mr. Justice Black. Concurring opinion by Mr. Justice
Douglas in which Mr. Justice Murphy joins. Dissenting opinion by
Mr. Justice Frankfurter in which Mr. Justice Roberts and Mr. Justice
Reed join. The Chief Justice expresses no views as to the desirability,
as a matter of legislative policy, of retaining the diversity jurisdic-
tion. In all other respects he concurs in the opinion of Mr. Justice
Frankfurter.
No. 528. O. L. Hastings et al., petitioners, v. Selby Oil & Gas Com-
pany et al. On writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court
of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit. Judgment of the Circuit Court
of Appeals reversed with costs and cause remanded to the District

MONDAY, MAY 24, 1943
248
Court of the United States for the Western District of Texas with
instructions to dismiss the complaint. Opinion by Mr. Justice Black.
The Chief Justice, Mr. Justice Roberts, Mr. Justice Reed, and Mr.
Justice Frankfurter dissent for the reasons stated in the dissent in
Burford v. Sun Oil Co., Nos. 495 and 496.
No. 849. Great Lakes Dredge & Dock Company et al., petitioners,
v. C. C. Huffman, Administrator, Division of Employment Secu-
rity, Louisiana Department of Labor, etc. On writ of certiorari to the
United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit. Judg-
ment affirmed with costs and cause remanded to the District Court of
the United States for the Eastern District of Louisiana. Opinion by
Mr. Chief Justice Stone.
No. 840. The United States of America and Edward Roach, appel-
lants, v. Dick Johnson. Appeal from the District Court of the United
States for the Northern District of Indiana. Judgment vacated and
cause remanded with instructions to dismiss the cause on the ground.
that the suit is collusive, costs in this court to be taxed against the
appellee. Opinion, per curiam, announced by the Chief Justice.
The Chief Justice said:
"The orders of the Court appear upon the list certified by the Chief
Justice and filed with the Clerk and will not be announced orally."
No. -
In the matter of the disbarment of George B. Johnson.
It having been reported to the Court that George B. Johnson, of West
Chester, Commonwealth of Pennsylvania, has been disbarred from the
practice of the law by the Supreme Court of the Commonwealth of
Pennsylvania;
It is ordered that the said George B. Johnson be, and he is hereby,
suspended from the practice of the law in this Court, and that a rule
issue, returnable within forty (40) days, requiring him to show cause
why he should not be disbarred from the practice of the law in this
Court.
No. -
-
Original. Ex parte Richard Rice, petitioner. The motion
for leave to file petition for writ of habeas corpus is denied.
No. 5, original. The State of Colorado, complainant, v. The State
of Kansas et al. The report of the Special Master herein is received
and ordered to be filed. It is ordered that exceptions to the said re-
port, if any, be filed on or before July 1, next; that briefs upon such
exceptions be filed on or before September 13; and that reply briefs, if
any, be filed on or before October 4. The cause is assigned for hear-
ing on Monday, October 11, next, at the head of the call for that day.
No. 954. Kenneth Bender et al., appellants, v. Claude R. Wickard,
Individually, etc. In this case probable jurisdiction is noted. The

MONDAY, MAY 24, 1943
249
case is transferred to the summary docket and assigned for argument
on Tuesday, June 1, next.
No. 913. Midstate Horticultural Co., Inc., petitioner, v. The Penn-
sylvania Railroad Company. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
Supreme Court of California granted.
No. 923. W. J. Meredith et al., petitioners, v. The City of Winter
Haven. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of Ap-
peals for the Fifth Circuit granted.
No. 796. General Committee of Adjustment of the Brotherhood
of Locomotive Engineers for Missouri-Kansas-Texas Railroad, an
unincorporated Association, petitioner, v. Missouri-Kansas-Texas
Railroad Company et al. On petition for writ of certiorari to the
Circuit Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit;
No. 845. General Committee of Adjustment of the Brotherhood
of Locomotive Engineers for the Pacific Lines of Southern Pacific
Company (an unincorporated association), petitioner, v. Southern
Pacific Company et al.; and
No. 918. General Grievance Committee of The Brotherhood of
Locomotive Firemen and Enginemen, petitioner, v. General Com-
mittee of Adjustment of the Brotherhood of Locomotive Engineers
for the Southern Pacific Lines of Southern Pacific Company, etc.,
et al. On petitions for writs of certiorari to the Circuit Court of
Appeals for the Ninth Circuit; and
No. 937. Switchmen's Union of North America, in its own right,
etc., et al., petitioners, v. National Mediation Board et al. On peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for
the District of Columbia. The petitions for writs of certiorari in
these cases are granted. Counsel are requested to discuss in their
briefs and on oral argument the following questions, so far as
applicable in each case:
(1) Whether resort to the declaratory judgment procedure is
appropriate in the circumstances;
(2) Whether any questions of the construction of the contracts
involved are governed by state or by federal law;
(3) What bearing, if any, the Norris-La Guardia Act has on the
propriety of granting the relief sought;
(4) In No. 937, whether the district court had jurisdiction to
review the certification of the Board.
The Solicitor General is requested to file a brief amicus curiae, and,
if he so desires, to participate in the oral argument.
No. 893. George E. Eddy and Samuel Silbiger, petitioners, v.
Charles H. Kelby and Clifford S. Kelsey, Trustees, etc., et al.; and
No. 894. George E. Eddy and Samuel Silbiger, petitioners, v.
Charles H. Kelby and Clifford S. Kelsey, Trustees, etc., et al. Peti-

MONDAY, MAY 24, 1943
250
tion for writs of certiorari to the Circuit Court of Appeals for the
Second Circuit denied.
No. 909. Catherine Nesa Conterno, petitioner, v. Nat Rogan, Col-
lector of Internal Revenue. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
Circuit Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit denied.
No. 920. R. E. Wirrick, petitioner, v. City of Bloomington, a mu-
nicipal corporation. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme
Court of Illinois denied.
No. 922. Texas Pacific-Missouri Pacific Terminal Railroad of
New Orleans, petitioner, v. Kora T. Evens, Widow of James E.
Evens. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of Appeals
for the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 928. Glens Falls Indemnity Company and Jahncke Service,
Inc., petitioners, v. Joseph H. Henderson, Deputy Commissioner, etc.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of Appeals for the
Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 939. Irene M. Watson, Grace Banks, et al., petitioners, v. Paul
Caspers. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of
Appeals for the Seventh Circuit denied.
No. 941. John Hancock Mutual Life Insurance Company, peti-
tioner, v. Thomas J. Casey, Trustee. Petition for writ of certiorari
to the Circuit Court of Appeals for the First Circuit denied.
No. 944. Merlin F. Raines, petitioner, v. Unemployment Com-
pensation Commission of New Jersey. Petition for writ of certiorari
to the Court of Errors and Appeals, State of New Jersey, denied.
No. 952. Great Lakes Coca-Cola Bottling Company, petitioner, v.
Commissioner of Internal Revenue. Petition for writ of certiorari
to the Circuit Court of Appeals for the Seventh Circuit denied.
No. 978. Howard National Bank and Trust Company, petitioner,
v. Emily Tenney Morgan et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
Supreme Court of Vermont denied.
No. 984. Harold Hadesman, alias Harold Goldstein, petitioner, v.
The People of the State of Michigan. Petition for writ of certiorari
to the Supreme Court of Michigan denied.
No. 1016. Milk Wagon Drivers' Union, Local 753, of the Interna-
tional Brotherhood of Teamsters, Chauffeurs, Stablemen, and Helpers
of America et al., petitioners, v. Bernard Fichter. Petition for writ
of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Illinois denied.
No. 907. Colgate-Palmolive-Peet Company, petitioner, v. The
United States of America; and

MONDAY, MAY 24, 1943
251
No. 908. Colgate-Palmolive-Peet Company, petitioner, v. The
United States of America. Petition for writs of certiorari to the
Circuit Court of Appeals for the Third Circuit denied. Mr. Justice
Roberts took no part in the consideration or decision of this
application.
No. 965. Samuel B. Johnston, petitioner, v. Board of Dental Ex-
aminers, District of Columbia, et al. Petition for writ of certiorari
to the United States Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia
denied. Mr. Justice Rutledge took no part in the consideration or
decision of this application.
No. 843. Antoine Kills Plenty and Leonard Jack, petitioners, v.
The United States of America. On petition for writ of certiorari
to the Circuit Court of Appeals for the Eighth Circuit;
No. 976. Garfield C. Thompson, Trustee, petitioner, v. Belford V.
Lawson, Jr., et al. On petition for writ of certiorari to the United
States Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia; and
No. 962. Joseph Mescall, petitioner, v. W. T. Grant Company.
On petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of Appeals for
the Seventh Circuit. The motions for leave to proceed in forma
pauperis are granted. The petitions for writs of certiorari are
denied.
No. 2, October Term, 1941. Martin J. Bernards and Lena Bernards,
petitioners, v. M. R. Johnson, Catherine Collins, et al. The motion
to recall the mandate is denied. Mr. Justice Rutledge took no part
in the consideration or decision of this application.
No. 520. L. T. Barringer and Company, appellant, v. The United
States of America et al. It is ordered that the opinion of this Court
be amended by adding at the end the following paragraph:
"We have considered appellant's attack on the sufficiency of the
evidence to support the Commission's findings, and conclude, as did
the court below, that they are adequately supported by substantial
evidence of record. Compare Florida v. United States, 292 U. S. 1,
12; Merchants' Warehouse Company v. United States, supra, 508.”
The petition for rehearing is denied.
―.
No. Garfield J. Kelly, petitioner, v. County of Vigo, State of
Indiana;
No. 450. Robert L. Douglas, Albert R. Gundecker, et al., petition-
ers, v. City of Jeannette (Pennsylvania), a municipal corporation,
et al.;
No. 758. Bank of America National Trust and Savings Associa-
tion, petitioner, v. National Labor Relations Board:
No. 759. Bank of America National Trust and Savings Associa-
tion, petitioner, v. National Labor Relations Board; and

MONDAY, MAY 24, 1943
252
No. 982. Walter F. Cole and Fann Cole, petitioners, v. Nathan
Mayo, as Custodian of the Florida State Prison. Petitions for
rehearing denied.
No. 354. The Akron, Canton & Youngstown Railway Company,
Debtor, petitioner, v. George E. Hagenbuch; and
No. 355. Wm. H. Chamberlain, Holder of Record of all the Com-
mon Stock of The Akron, Canton & Youngstown Railway Company,
etc., et al., petitioners, v. George E. Hagenbuch and H. B. Stewart, Jr.,
Trustees, etc., et al. Petition for rehearing denied. Mr. Justice
Rutledge took no part in the consideration or decision of this
application.
No. 873. The United States of America, ex rel. Peter J. Innes, Jr.,
petitioner, v. Colonel T. L. Crystal, Commanding Officer of the
United States Army, Governors Island, N. Y., etc. The motion to
substitute is denied. The petition for rehearing is also denied.
No. 629. The United States of America, appellant, v. Philip
Lepowitch and Marvin Spector;
No. 765. Richard K. Hopkins, Judge, etc., petitioner, v. The
United States of America; and
No. 844. Clarence Pearson, appellant, v. The People of the State
of California et al. Petitions for rehearing denied. Mr. Justice
Murphy took no part in the consideration or decision of these
applications.
No. 792. Max Stephan, petitioner, v. The United States of Amer-
ica. The petition for rehearing is denied. Mr. Justice Murphy is
of the opinion that the petition for rehearing and the petition for
writ of certiorari should be granted.
Adjourned until Tuesday, June 1, next, at 12 o'clock.
☑

TUESDAY, JUNE 1, 1943
253
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: The Chief Justice, Mr. Justice Roberts, Mr. Justice Black,
Mr. Justice Reed, Mr. Justice Frankfurter, Mr. Justice Douglas,
Mr. Justice Murphy, Mr. Justice Jackson, and Mr. Justice Rutledge.
Samuel J. Robbins, of Brooklyn, N. Y.; Sidney O. Raphael, of New
York City; Harlan J. Bushfield, of Miller, S. Dak.; Robert Leonard
Daerr, of East Chicago, Ind.; John J. McIntyre, of Douglas, Wyo.;
J. H. Tyler McConnell, of Radford, Va.; John Van Sickle, of Buffalo,
N. Y.; Walter E. McNamara, of Washington, D. C.; Gladys Neal
Brandon, of Little Rock, Ark.; Clyde S. Shumaker, of Butler, Pa.;
Melford M. Lothrop, of Sioux City, Iowa; Martin E. Lawson, of
Liberty, Mo.; Carl L. Christensen, Jr., of Eureka, Calif.; Llewellyn
Sydnor Jordan, of Seattle, Wash.; Frank H. Lawton, of Trenton,
N. J.; James D. Adams, of San Francisco, Calif.; Charles L. Fleming,
of New York City; Agnes L. Cherry, of Chicago, Ill.; Chris Wilson,
of Butler, Ky.; Lelia Brown Reed, of Washington, D. C.; Drury W.
Cooper, Jr., of New York City; Welch Jordan, of Greensboro, N. C.;
D. E. Hudgins, of Greensboro, N. C.; R. E. Joyce, Jr., of Washington,
D. C.; Wm. F. Fitzgerald, of Norwalk, Conn.; Martin F. O'Don-
oghue, of Washington, D. C.; Joseph G. Blandi, of Pittsburgh, Pa.;
Elliott DeJarnette Marshall, of Front Royal, Va.; John S. Battle,
of Charlottesville, Va.; Aubrey G. Weaver, of Front Royal, Va.;
Thomas B. Dyett, of New York City; Harold A. Stevens, of New
York City; Alberto Enriquez y Joaquin, of Obando, P. I.; Earl
Clifford Walck, of Washington, D. C.; Richard A. Fitzgerald, of
Washington, D. C.; Thomas G. Chamberlain, of New York City;
Edward J. Willi, of New York City; Louis Steel Goodman, of
Atlanta, Ga.; Fredrick Sharon Farr, of San Francisco, Calif.; Earl
Wilbur Shaw, of Washington, D. C.; Hall Hammond, of Baltimore,
Md.; Daniel Heyward Hamilton, Jr., of Baltimore, Md.; and George
H. Salley, of Miami, Fla.; were admitted to practice.
No. 707. Benjamin W. Freeman, petitioner, v. Bee Machine Com-
pany, Inc. On writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court
of Appeals for the First Circuit. Judgment affirmed with costs and
cause remanded to the District Court of the United States for the
District of Massachusetts. Opinion by Mr. Justice Douglas. Dis-
488078-43- -96

TUESDAY, JUNE 1, 1943
254
senting opinion by Mr. Justice Frankfurter in which Mr. Justice
Roberts, Mr. Justice Reed, and Mr. Justice Jackson join.
No. 660. Moline Properties, Inc., petitioner, v. Commissioner of
Internal Revenue. On writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit
Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit. Judgment affirmed and cause
remanded to the said Circuit Court of Appeals. Opinion by Mr.
Justice Reed.
No. 726. Nathan Mayo and Roy Hutchinson, appellants, v. The
United States of America. Appeal from the District Court of the
United States for the Northern District of Florida. Judgment
affirmed. Opinion by Mr. Justice Reed. Mr. Justice Black concurs
in the result.
No. 912. Fred Toyosaburo Korematsu v. The United States of
America. On certificate from the United States Circuit Court of
Appeals for the Ninth Circuit. Question certified answered "Yes."
Opinion by Mr. Justice Black.
No. 606. Louis Buchalter, petitioner, v. People of the State of
New York. On writ of certiorari to the County Court of Kings
County, State of New York;
No. 610. Emanuel Weiss, petitioner, v. People of the State of New
York. On writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals of the State
of New York; and
No. 619. Louis Capone, petitioner, v. People of the State of New
York. On writ of certiorari to the County Court of Kings County,
State of New York. Judgments affirmed with costs. Opinion by Mr.
Justice Roberts. Mr. Justice Black, substantially agreeing with the
views expressed in the opinion of the Court, is of opinion that the
petitions should be dismissed. Mr. Justice Murphy and Mr. Justice
Jackson took no part in the consideration or decision of these cases.
No. 783. Matton Steamboat Co., Inc., and Conners Marine Co.,
Inc., appellants, v. Michael J. Murphy, as Acting Industrial Commis-
sioner of the State of New York, and James R. Knowlson; and
No. 813. Lake Tankers Corporation, appellant, v. Michael J.
Murphy, as Acting Industrial Commissioner of the State of New
York, and Jamel Sheredos. Appeals from the Supreme Court of the
State of New York, Appellate Division, Third Department. Appeals
dismissed for want of jurisdiction. Opinion, per curiam, announced
by Mr. Chief Justice Stone.
No. 935. H. W. Kelley et al., petitioners, v. Everglades Drainage
District. On petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of
Appeals for the Fifth Circuit. Petition for writ of certiorari granted.
Judgment vacated without costs to either party in this Court and
cause remanded to the District Court for appropriate action in con-

TUESDAY, JUNE 1, 1943
255
formity with the opinion of this Court. Opinion, per curiam, an-
nounced by Mr. Chief Justice Stone. Dissenting opinion by Mr.
Justice Black.
No. . Max Stephan, appellant, v. The United States of America.
On application for allowance of appeal from the United States Dis-
trict Court for the Eastern District of Michigan. Application for
leave to appeal denied and stay heretofore granted vacated. Opinion,
per curiam, announced by Mr. Chief Justice Stone.
The Chief Justice said:
"The orders of the Court appear upon the list certified by the Chief
Justice and filed with the Clerk and will not be announced orally."
No. Ex parte Lawrence McClain, petitioner. Application
denied.
No.
-
Ex parte Gene McCann, petitioner. The application dated
March 16, 1943 is denied.
No., original. Ex parte Leslie Williams and Joe Bennett, peti-
tioners. The motion for leave to file a petition for writ of habeas
corpus is denied, without prejudice to an application to the state
courts in conformity to the opinion of the Supreme Court of Nebraska
in Williams v. Olson, decided March 26, 1943.
No. 881. Consumers Import Co., Inc., et al., petitioners, v. Kabu-
shiki Kaisha Kawasaki Zosenjo and Kawasaki Kisen Kabushiki
Kaisha. The motion to enlarge the scope of the argument is denied.
No. 1015. Leroy Smith, petitioner, v. Louisiana & Arkansas
Railway Company. Time within which to file respondent's brief
extended to and including June 16 next on motion of counsel for the
respondent.
No. 1021. The United States of America, appellant, v. Bausch &
Lomb Optical Company et al.; and
No. 1028. Soft-Lite Lens Company, Inc., et al., appellants, v. The
United States of America. In these cases probable jurisdiction is
noted.
No. 973. The Mercoid Corporation, petitioner, v. Mid-Continent
Investment Company et al.; and
No. 974. The Mercoid Corporation, petitioner, v. Mid-Continent
Investment Company et al. Petition for writs of certiorari to the
Circuit Court of Appeals for the Seventh Circuit granted.
No. 975. The Atlantic Refining Company, Owner, etc., petitioner,
v. A. P. Moller, Claimant, etc. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
Circuit Court of Appeals for the Third Circuit granted.
No. 972. Guy T. Helvering, Commissioner of Internal Revenue,
petitioner, v. Gooch Milling & Elevator Company. Petition for

TUESDAY, JUNE 1, 1943
256
writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of Appeals for the Eighth
Circuit granted and the case transferred to the summary docket.
No. 895. Sherman L. Rumberger, petitioner, v. John H. Welsh et
al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of Appeals
for the Second Circuit denied.
No. 905. J. W. Sanders Cotton Mills, Inc., petitioner, v. Lula
Moody. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of
Mississippi denied.
No. 936. Clifton B. Layton, petitioner, v. William J. Thayne.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of Appeals for
the Tenth Circuit denied.
No. 947. Gerd H. Henjes, petitioner, v. Aetna Insurance Company
et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of Appeals
for the Second Circuit denied.
No. 948. United States Gypsum Company, petitioner, v. Antonio
Stornelli. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of
Appeals for the Second Circuit denied.
No. 951. Scorup-Somerville Cattle Company, petitioner, v. J. Lee
Merrion and Russell Wilkins, Copartners etc. Petition for writ of
certiorari to the Circuit Court of Appeals for the Tenth Circuit
denied.
No. 953. People of the State of Illinois, ex rel. Blanche Davidson
et al., v. Preston Bradley, et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
Supreme Court of Illinois denied.
No. 955. Frank Valenti, petitioner, v. The United States of Amer-
ica. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of Appeals
for the Second Circuit denied.
No. 960. J. C. Patterson et al., petitioners, v. The Texas Company.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of Appeals for the
Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 964. Standard Dredging Corporation, petitioner, v. L. Met-
calf Walling, Administrator, etc. Petition for writ of certiorari to
the Circuit Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit denied.
No. 985. Kresge Department Stores, Inc., petitioner, v. Commis-
sioner of Internal Revenue. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
Circuit Court of Appeals for the Third Circuit denied.
No. 1013. Kelley, Glover & Vale, Inc., et al., petitioners, v. Elmer
W. Heitman, Receiver, etc., et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
Supreme Court of Indiana denied.
No. 940. J. S. Potts, Trading as Southern Progress Publishing
Company, petitioner, v. Martin Dies. Petition for writ of certiorari
to the United States Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia

TUESDAY, JUNE 1, 1943
257
denied. Mr. Justice Rutledge took no part in the consideration or
decision of this application.
No. 979. Daniel F. Boone, petitioner, v. Martha Lightner Boone.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals.
for the District of Columbia denied. Mr. Justice Rutledge took no
part in the consideration or decision of this application.
No. 966. General Motors Corporation, petitioner, v. Louis Larson
and Edward Johnstone. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Cir-
cuit Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit denied. The Chief
Justice and Mr. Justice Murphy took no part in the consideration of
decision of this application.
No. 969. American Gas and Electric Company, petitioner, v. Se-
curities and Exchange Commission. Petition for writ of certiorari
to the United States Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia
denied. Mr. Justice Douglas, Mr. Justice Jackson, and Mr. Justice
Rutledge took no part in the consideration or decision of this
application.
No. 1014. Roosevelt Steamship Company, Inc., petitioner, v. Mar-
garet M. Brady, as Administratrix, etc. The motion to use the certi-
fied record in No. 269 is granted. The petition for writ of certiorari
to the Circuit Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit is denied.
No. 927. Clyde Lindsay, petitioner, v. The United States of Amer-
ica. On petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of Appeals
for the Tenth Circuit;
No. 990. Johnnie Johnson, petitioner, v. The Warden, United
States Penitentiary, McNeil Island, Washington. On petition for
writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of Appeals for the Ninth
Circuit; and
No. 1001. Hugh A. Bowen, petitioner, v. The United States of
America. On petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of
Appeals for the Fifth Circuit. The motions for leave to proceed in
forma pauperis are granted. The petitions for writs of certiorari are
denied.
No. 459. Vivian Wycliff Buie, petitioner v. The United States of
America. The second petition for rehearing is denied. Mr. Justice
Rutledge took no part in the consideration or decision of this
application.
No. 566. Gretta Lafuente, petitioner, v. County of Los Angeles.
The fifth petition for rehearing is denied. Mr. Justice Rutledge
took no part in the consideration or decision of this application.
No. 824. Metropolitan-Columbia Stockholders, Inc., et al., peti-
tioners, v. The City of New York;

TUESDAY, JUNE 1, 1943
258
No. 847. The United States of America, ex rel. Wilbur Jackson,
alias Will Jackson, petitioners, v. Patrick J. Brady, Warden;
No. 868. Dora Brady et al., petitioners, v. Annie Beams et al.; and
No. 877. Wert T. Reed and F. F. Dollert, petitioners, v. Houston
Oil Company of Texas et al. Petitions for rehearing denied.
-
No. , original. Ex parte The United States of America, peti-
tioner. Motion for leave to file petition for writ of prohibition
and/or mandamus presented.
No. 954. Kenneth Bender, H. H. Beckman, et al., appellants, v.
Claude R. Wickard, Individually, etc. Argued by Mr. William
Lemke for the appellants and by Mr. Solicitor General Fahy for
the appellees.
No. 235. David Busey and Orville J. Richie, petitioners, v. Dis-
trict of Columbia. Argued by Mr. Hyaden C. Covington for the
petitioners and by Mr. Vernon E. West for the respondent.
Adjourned until Monday, June 7 next, at 12 o'clock.

MONDAY, JUNE 7, 1943
259
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: The Chief Justice, Mr. Justice Roberts, Mr. Justice Black,
Mr. Justice Reed, Mr. Justice Frankfurter, Mr. Justice Douglas, Mr.
Justice Murphy, Mr. Justice Jackson, and Mr. Justice Rutledge.
Roy William Black, of Madison, Wis.; Milton Gordon, of Chicago,
Ill.; Lawrence Black, of Boston, Mass.; Webster Roy Bailey, of
Visalia, Calif.; Harold R. Zeamans, of New York City; Edward J.
Reilly, of Spokane, Wash.; Henry B. Weaver, Jr., of Alexandria, Va.;
Frederick G. Beattie, of Detroit, Mich.; Irving Mandelbaum, of
Newark, N. J.; Merrill L. Tribe, of Ogden, Utah; Matthew L. Devine,
of Chicago, Ill.; Charles L. Waugh, of Saint Louis, Mo.; Roger
Alton Pfaff, of Los Angeles, Calif.; Miller Bowman Pennell, of Cleve-
land, Ohio; Einar G. Carlson, of Cleveland, Ohio; William Henry
Huff, of East Chicago, Ind.; Wm. J. Tillinghast, Jr., of New York
City; Robert Pusey Hastings, of Los Angeles, Calif.; Harold G.
Hernly, of Alexandria, Va.; Esther Oswianza Kegan, of Chicago, Ill.;
Albert I. Kegan, of Chicago, Ill.; William Harris, of Newark, N. J.;
Thomas A. Larremore, of Colebrook, Conn.; Marvin B. Fitz, of Boston,
Mass.; William C. Warren, of Cleveland, Ohio; Harry E. Green, of
Cleveland, Ohio; Jacob A. Milchin, of New York City; Edgar Mus-
grave, of Des Moines, Iowa; W. G. Stathers, of Clarksburg, W. Va.;
Herbert M. Blair, of Weston, W. Va.; Birk S. Stathers, of Clarksburg,
W. Va.; Norman J. Griffin, of Philadelphia, Pa.; and Val Irion, of
Shreveport, La., were admitted to practice.
No. 628. The Interstate Commerce Commission, J. M. Kurn, et al.,
etc., appellants, v. Columbus and Greenville Railway Company.
Appeal from the District Court of the United States for the North-
ern District of Mississippi. Judgment reversed and cause remanded
to the said District Court for further proceedings in conformity
with the opinion of this Court. Opinion by Mr. Justice Jackson.
Concurring opinion by Mr. Justice Douglas in which Mr. Justice
Black, Mr. Justice Murphy, and Mr. Justice Rutledge join.
No. 698. Daniel F. Boone, petitioner, v. Clarence M. Lightner,
Theodore A. Lightner, et al. On writ of certiorari to the Supreme
Court of the State of North Carolina. Judgment affirmed with costs.
Opinion by Mr. Justice Jackson. Dissenting opinion by Mr. Justice
Black.
488078-43--97

MONDAY, JUNE 7, 1943
260
No. 709. Virginia Electric and Power Company, petitioner, v.
National Labor Relations Board. On writ of certiorari to the United
States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Fourth Circuit. Judgment
affirmed and cause remanded to the said Circuit Court of Appeals.
Opinion by Mr. Justice Murphy. Concurring opinion by Mr. Justice
Frankfurter. Dissenting opinion by Mr. Justice Roberts in which
the Chief Justice and Mr. Justice Jackson join.
No. 766. Virginian Hotel Corporation of Lynchburg, petitioner,
v. Guy T. Helvering, Commissioner of Internal Revenue. On writ
of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the
Fourth Circuit. Judgment affirmed and cause remanded to the said
Circuit Court of Appeals. Opinion by Mr. Justice Douglas. Dis-
senting opinion by Mr. Chief Justice Stone in which Mr. Justice
Roberts, Mr. Justice Murphy and Mr. Justice Jackson join. Dis-
senting opinion by Mr. Justice Jackson.
No. 4. The United States of America, petitioner, v. William R.
Johnson; and
No. 5. The United States of America, petitioner, v. Jack Sommers,
James A. Hartigan, et al. On writs of certiorari to the United
States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Seventh Circuit. Judgments
reversed and cases remanded to the said Circuit Court of Appeals for
proper disposition in accordance with the opinion of this Court.
Writ of certiorari as to John M. Flanagan dismissed. Opinion by Mr.
Justice Frankfurter. Mr. Justice Roberts concurs in part and dis-
sents in part. Mr. Justice Murphy, Mr. Justice Jackson, and Mr.
Justice Rutledge took no part in the consideration or decision of these
cases.
No. 919. The United States of America, appellant, v. Rigel O. Belt,
Clinton Robb, Trustee, et al. Appeal from the District Court of
the United States for the District of Columbia. Judgment vacated
and cause remanded to the said District Court so that it may enter
a new judgment from which the United States may, if it wishes,
perfect a timely appeal to the United States Court of Appeals for
the District of Columbia. Opinion by Mr. Justice Frankfurter. Dis-
senting: Mr. Justice Douglas and Mr. Justice Murphy.
No. 762. Homer Lester Bartchy, alias Homer Brooks, petitioner,
v. The United States of America. On writ of certiorari to the United
States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit. Judgment
reversed and cause remanded to the District Court of the United
States for the Southern District of Texas for further proceedings in
conformity with the opinion of this Court. Opinion by Mr. Justice
Reed. Dissenting opinion by Mr. Chief Justice Stone in which Mr.
Justice Roberts joins.

MONDAY, JUNE 7, 1943
261
No. 787. L. McLeod, petitioner, v. M. C. Threlkeld et al., doing
business as Threlkeld Commissary Company, a partnership. On writ
of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the
Fifth Circuit. Judgment affirmed without costs and cause remanded
to the District Court of the United States for the Southern District
of Texas. Opinion by Mr. Justice Reed. Dissenting opinion by Mr.
Justice Murphy in which Mr. Justice Black, Mr. Justice Douglas,
and Mr. Justice Rutledge join.
No. 684. County of Mahnomen, a municipal corporation, peti-
tioner, v. The United States of America. On writ of certiorari to the
United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Eighth Circuit.
Judgment reversed and cause remanded to the District Court of the
United States for the District of Minnesota for further proceedings
in conformity with the opinion of this Court. Opinion by Mr. Justice
Black. Mr. Justice Frankfurter and Mr. Justice Rutledge concur
in the result. Dissenting opinion by Mr. Justice Murphy.
No. 569. Frank Tot, petitioner, v. The United States of America.
On writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals
for the Third Circuit; and
No. 636. The United States of America, petitioner, v. Frank
Delia. On writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of
Appeals for the Sixth Circuit. Judgment in No. 569 reversed and
cause remanded to the District Court of the United States for the
District of New Jersey for further proceedings in conformity with
the opinion of this Court; judgment in No. 636 affirmed and cause
remanded to the District Court of the United States for the Eastern
District of Michigan. Opinion by Mr. Justice Roberts. Mr. Justice
Murphy took no part in the consideration or decision of these cases.
Concurring opinion by Mr. Justice Black in which Mr. Justice Doug-
las joins.
The Chief Justice said:
"The orders of the Court appear upon the list certified by the Chief
Justice and filed with the Clerk and will not be announced orally.
No. 15, original. Ex parte The United States of America, peti-
tioner. On motion for leave to file petition for writ of prohibition
and/or mandamus and for a writ of certiorari. Per curiam: The
motion for leave to file the petition is granted. The petition for writ
of certiorari to the Circuit Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit
is granted. The order of that court of May 3, 1943, denying for want
of jurisdiction-which we construe to mean want of power to consider
on the merits-the Government's motion for leave to file a petition
for a writ of prohibition and/or a writ of mandamus, is vacated on
the authority of Ex parte United States, 287 U. S. 241, 248-9, Ex parte
Republic of Peru, 318 U. S. -, and Roche v. Evaporated Milk Assn.,

MONDAY, JUNE 7, 1943
262
318 U. S. The cause is remanded to the Circuit Court of Appeals
for further proceedings not inconsistent with this opinion. Other
relief sought by the Government in its application to this Court is
denied, without prejudice to an application to the Circuit Court of
Appeals.
No. 954. Kenneth Bender, H. H. Beckman, et al., appellants, v.
Claude R. Wickard, Individually, etc. Appeal from the District
Court of the United States for the District of Columbia. Per curiam:
The judgment is affirmed on the authority of Wickard v. Filburn,
317 U. S. 111.
ORDER
It is ordered that paragraph 1 of rule 36 of the rules of this Court
be and the same hereby is amended by adding as the first sentence
thereof the following:
"An appeal will be out of time unless, within the period fixed by
statute, application for allowance is presented to the judge or justice
who allows it. A prior timely application to another judge or justice
does not extend the statutory period. See Matton Steamboat Co. v.
Murphy, 319 U. S.—.”
-
-
No. Ex parte Joseph A. Zohn, petitioner. Application denied.
No.. Ex parte Harry Duncombe, petitioner. Application de-
nied..
--
No.. Ex parte Pauline Stevens, petitioner. Application denied.
No. , original. Ex parte Chesteen McConnell, petitioner. The
motion for leave to file petition for writ of habeas corpus is denied
without prejudice on the ground that it does not appear that all the
matters alleged in the petition have been previously presented to
the state courts of Indiana.
No., original. Ex parte Charles Cassidy, petitioner. The motion
for leave to file petition for writ of habeas corpus is denied.
No. -, original. Ex parte Wallace H. Welch, petitioner. The mo-
tion for leave to file petition for writ of habeas corpus is denied. Mr.
Justice Rutledge took no part in the consideration or decision of this
application.
No. -, original. Ex parte George Foley, petitioner. The motion
for leave to file petition for writ of habeas corpus is denied without
prejudice to the pending application in the District Court.
No. -, original. Ex parte Peter J. Innes, petitioner. The motion
for leave to file petition for writ of habeas corpus is denied without
prejudice to an application to the District Court.
No. 606. Louis Buchalter, petitioner, v. People of the State of
New York;

MONDAY, JUNE 7, 1943
263
No. 610. Emanuel Weiss, petitioner, v. People of the State of New
York; and
No. 619. Louis Capone, petitioner, v. The People of the State of
New York. The stay orders heretofore entered are vacated and the
mandates are ordered to issue forthwith.
No. 1030. Crescent Express Lines, Inc., appellant, v. The United
States of America et al. Further consideration of the question of the
jurisdiction of this Court in this case is postponed to the hearing of
the case on the merits and the case is transferred to the summary
docket.
No. 991. Joseph E. Snowden, petitioner, v. Edward J. Hughes
et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of Appeals
for the Seventh Circuit granted.
No. 945. Ford Motor Company, petitioner, v. Gordon Form Lathe
Company; and
No. 946. Ford Motor Company, petitioner, v. Gordon Form Lathe
Company. Petition for writs of certiorari to the Circuit Court of
Appeals for the Sixth Circuit granted limited to the first question
presented by the petition.
No. 949. Lonnie E. Smith, petitioner, v. S. E. Allwright, Election
Judge, et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of
Appeals for the Fifth Circuit granted. The motion of American
Civil Liberties Union for leave to file a brief as amicus curiae is also
granted.
No. 994. The Mercoid Corporation, petitioner, v. Minneapolis-
Honeywell Regulator Company; and
No. 995. The Mercoid Corporation, petitioner, v. Minneapolis-
Honeywell Regulator Company. Petition for writs of certiorari to
the Circuit Court of Appeals for the Seventh Circuit granted and the
cases assigned for argument immediately following Nos. 973 and
974.
No. 997. Mike Marvich, petitioner, v. The People of the State of
California et al. The motion for leave to proceed in forma pauperis
is granted. The petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court
of California is granted and the case is transferred to the summary
docket.
No. 419. R. Simpson & Co., Inc., petitioner, v. Commissioner of
Internal Revenue. The motion for leave to file a petition for rehear-
ing is granted, the petition for rehearing is granted and the order
denying certiorari is vacated. The petition for writ of certiorari to
the Circuit Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit is granted, limited
to the question presented by the second reason relied upon in the peti-
tion for writ of certiorari. In their briefs and on the oral argument,

MONDAY, JUNE 7, 1943
264
counsel are requested to discuss the question of the jurisdiction of
this Court to grant a petition for rehearing in this case. Cf. Helver-
ing v. Northern Coal Co., 293 U. S. 191, section 1140 of the Internal
Revenue Code. Mr. Justice Rutledge took no part in the considera-
tion or decision of this application.
No. 866. The Indians of California, Claimants, by U. S. Webb,
Attorney General of the State of California, petitioners, v. The
United States. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Claims
denied.
No. 956. Robert H. Meade, petitioner, v. The United States. Peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the Court of Claims denied.
No. 970. Binkley Mining Company of Missouri, petitioner, v. Dan
H. Wheeler, Acting Director, Bituminous Coal Division, etc., et al.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of Appeals for the
Eighth Circuit denied.
No. 971. Binkley Mining Company of Missouri, petitioner, v. Dan
H. Wheeler, Acting Director, Bituminous Coal Division, etc., et al.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of Appeals for
the Eighth Circuit denied.
No. 988. The Cleveland Trust Company et al., petitioners, v.
Michael George Stoller. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
Circuit Court of Appeals for the Sixth Circuit denied.
No. 989. The Gordon Form Lathe Company, petitioner, v. Ford
Motor Company. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court
of Appeals for the Sixth Circuit denied.
No. 992. N. O. Nelson Company, petitioner, v. Guy T. Helvering,
Commissioner of Internal Revenue. Petition for writ of certiorari
to the Circuit Court of Appeals for the Eighth Circuit denied.
No. 1000. The Petticrew Real Estate Company, Bankrupt, peti-
tioner, v. Harry Muffler, as Receiver etc., et al. Petition for writ of
certiorari to the Circuit Court of Appeals for the Sixth Circuit
denied.
No. 1004. Keal Driveway Company and R. S. Bunnell, petition-
ers, v. Car and General Insurance Corporation. Petition for writ of
certiorari to the Circuit Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit
denied.
No. 1007. Elizabeth B. Winston, petitioner, v. Russell B. Martin,
Fred S. Martin, et al., etc. Petition for writ of certiorari to the.
Supreme Court of Appeals of Virginia denied.
No. 1041. Michael Dubina, petitioner, v. People of the State of
Michigan. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of
Michigan denied.

MONDAY, JUNE 7, 1943
265
No. 977. S. J. Groves & Sons Company, petitioner, v. Lindsay C.
Warren, Comptroller General of the United States. Petition for writ
of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the District
of Columbia denied. Mr. Justice Rutledge took no part in the con-
sideration or decision of this application.
No. 1003. Nathan M. Lubar, Trustee for District Finance Cor-
poration, petitioner, v. Harry Hartman. Petition for writ of certiorari
to the United States Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia
denied. Mr. Justice Rutledge took no part in the consideration or
decision of this application.
No. 1006. District of Columbia, petitioner, v. The Queen City
Brewing Company. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United
States Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia denied. Mr.
Justice Rutledge took no part in the consideration or decision of this
application.
No. 1005. W. K. Archer and Ercell G. Westfall, Co-partners, etc.,
petitioners, v. Securities and Exchange Commission. Petition for writ
of certiorari to the Circuit Court of Appeals for the Eighth Circuit
denied. Mr. Justice Douglas took no part in the consideration or
decision of this application.
No. 1008. Brooklyn Trust Company, as Trustee, etc., petitioner, v.
Charles H. Kelby et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit
Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit denied. Mr. Justice Douglas
took no part in the consideration or decision of this application.
No. 910. Pedro E. Sanchez Tapia, petitioner, v. The United States
of America. On petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of
Appeals for the First Circuit;
No. 981. Ben White, Arch Robinson, et al., petitioners, v. The
United States. On petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of
Claims;
No. 987. Louis Burall, petitioner, v. James A. Johnston, Warden,
etc. On petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of Appeals
for the Ninth Circuit;
No. 1032. James N. Slaughter, petitioner, v. Bertha Madison et al.
On petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Ap-
peals for the District of Columbia;
No. 1053. Charles Cassidy, petitioner, v. The State of Michigan.
On petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Michigan;
and
No. 1066. Fred Jones, petitioner, v. Joseph H. Brophy, as Warden,
etc. On petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of New
York. The motions for leave to proceed in forma pauperis are
granted. The petitions for writs of certiorari are denied.

MONDAY, JUNE 7, 1943
266
No. 998. William Kendrick, petitioner, v. Joseph W. Sanford,
Warden, etc. The motion for leave to proceed in forma pauperis is
granted. The petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of
Appeals for the Fifth Circuit is denied for the reason that application
therefor was not made within the time provided by law. Section
8 (a), Act of February 13, 1925 (43 Stat. 936, 940), 28 U. S. C. sec-
tion 350.
No. 1034. James Allen, alias James Robert Allen, etc., petitioner,
v. The United States of America. The motion for leave to proceed
in forma pauperis is granted. The petition for writ of certiorari to
the Circuit Court of Appeals for the Third Circuit is denied for the
reason that application therefor was not made within the time pro-
vided by law. Rule XI of the Criminal Appeals Rules, 292 U. S.
665-66.
No. 1002. Wallace H. Welch and Erma G. Welch, petitioners, v.
The United States of America. The motion for leave to proceed in
forma pauperis is granted. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
United States Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia denied.
Mr. Justice Rutledge took no part in the consideration or decision of
this application.
No. 25. Benjamin McNabb et al., petitioners, v. The United States
of America. The motion for leave to file petition for rehearing is
granted. The petition for rehearing is denied. As the case is for
retrial in the district court, it will be open to all parties to adduce all
evidence relevant to the admissibility of the confessions, whether
adduced in the previous trial or not. Mr. Justice Rutledge took no
part in the consideration or disposition of this application.
No. 512. Standard Oil Company (Indiana), petitioner, v. Com-
missioner of Internal Revenue. The motion for leave to file petition
for rehearing is granted. The petition for rehearing is denied. Mr.
Justice Roberts and Mr. Justice Rutledge took no part in the con-
sideration or decision of this application.
No. 517. Gaetano Ajello, petitioner, v. Pan American Airways
Corporation et al. The third petition for rehearing is denied.
No. 764. Joseph E. Jones, petitioner, v. Hon. Francis Biddle, At-
torney General of the United States. On consideration of all the
papers filed in this case the second petition for rehearing is denied.
No. 961. C. S. Cameron, petitioner, v. J. P. Gordon. The petition
for rehearing is denied. Mr. Justice Rutledge took no part in the
consideration or decision of this application.
No. 589. Whitney Bowles, petitioner, v. The United States of
America; and

MONDAY, JUNE 7, 1943
267
No. 906. Harvey S. Cover, petitioner, v. Nathan Schwartz, doing
business as Hygeia Respirator Co. Petitions for rehearing denied.
ORDER
The Court will take a recess from today until Monday, June 14, upon
which day it will adjourn for the term unless otherwise ordered.
No motions, except motions for admission to practice, will be re-
ceived after the session next before the date fixed for adjournment of
the term.
Adjourned until Monday, June 14 next, at 12 o'clock.
✓
488078-43-98

MONDAY, JUNE 14, 1943
268
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: The Chief Justice, Mr. Justice Roberts, Mr. Justice Black,
Mr. Justice Reed, Mr. Justice Frankfurter, Mr. Justice Douglas, Mr.
Justice Murphy, Mr. Justice Jackson, and Mr. Justice Rutledge.
Lawrence Vold, of Lincoln, Nebr.; John J. Ryan, of Huntington,
N. Y.; Joe L. Mays, of San Angelo, Tex.; Dow W. Harter, of Akron,
Ohio; Leonard P. Walsh, of Washington, D. C.; Felix A. Bodovitz, of
Tulsa, Okla.; John Edward Keefe, Jr., of Boston, Mass.; Samuel Brian
Groner, of Buffalo, N. Y.; Howard Taylor McCulloch, of Portland,
Oreg.; Caribel Finger Sternbergh, of Gainesville, Ga.; Matthew L.
Bigger, of Columbus, Ohio; Benj. F. Levinson, of Columbus, Ohio;
Clarence G. Strop, of Saint Joseph, Mo.; Hugh H. MacDonald, of Los
Angeles, Calif.; Charles P. Henderson, of Youngstown, Ohio; Stanley
A. Silversteen, of Cincinnati, Ohio; William M. Young, of Harrisburg,
Pa.; and Gilbert Kerlin, of New York City, were admitted to practice.
No. 593. Direct Sales Company, petitioner, v. The United States
of America. On writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court
of Appeals for the Fourth Circuit. Judgment affirmed and cause re-
manded to the District Court of the United States for the Western
District of South Carolina. Opinion by Mr. Justice Rutledge.
No. 580. Bertha A. Owens, Executrix of the estate of Leyle F.
Owens, deceased, petitioner, v. Union Pacific Railroad Company. On
writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for
the Ninth Circuit. Judgment reversed with costs and cause remanded
to the said Circuit Court of Appeals for further proceedings in con-
formity with the opinion of this Court. Opinion by Mr. Justice Rut-
ledge. Dissenting opinion by Mr. Justice Reed in which the Chief
Justice and Mr. Justice Roberts join.
No. 591. The West Virginia State Board of Education, etc., et al.,
appellants, v. Walter Barnette, Paul Stull, and Lucy McClure. Appeal
from the District Court of the United States for the Southern District
of West Virginia. Judgment affirmed with costs. Opinion by Mr.
Justice Jackson. Dissenting: Mr. Justice Roberts and Mr. Justice
Reed. Concurring opinion by Mr. Justice Black and Mr. Justice
Douglas. Concurring opinion by Mr. Justice Murphy. Dissenting
opinion by Mr. Justice Frankfurter.
488078-43--99

MONDAY, JUNE 14, 1943
269
No. 175. The Interstate Commerce Commission et al., appellants, v.
Inland Waterways Corporation. Appeal from the District Court of
the United States for the Northern District of Illinois. Judgment re-
versed and cause remanded to said District Court for further pro-
ceedings in conformity with the opinion of this Court. Opinion by
Mr. Justice Jackson. Mr. Justice Rutledge did not participate in
the consideration or decision of this case. Dissenting opinion by Mr.
Justice Black in which Mr. Justice Douglas and Mr. Justice Murphy
join.
No. 552. Interstate Transit Lines, petitioner, v. Commissioner of
Internal Revenue. On writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit
Court of Appeals for the Eighth Circuit. Judgment affirmed and
cause remanded to the said Circuit Court of Appeals. Opinion by
Mr. Justice Reed. Dissenting opinion by Mr. Justice Jackson in
which the Chief Justice and Mr. Justice Murphy join.
No. 623. Oklahoma Tax Commission of the State of Oklahoma,
petitioner, v. The United States of America;
No. 624. Oklahoma Tax Commission of the State of Oklahoma,
petitioner, v. The United States of America; and
No. 625. Oklahoma Tax Commission of the State of Oklahoma,
petitioner, v. The United States of America. On writs of cer-
tiorari to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Tenth
Circuit. Judgments vacated and causes remanded to the District
Court of the United States for the Eastern District of Oklahoma for
further proceedings consistent with the opinion of this Court. Opin-
ion by Mr. Justice Black. Mr. Justice Douglas concurs in the result.
Opinion by Mr. Justice Murphy dissenting in part in which the Chief
Justice, Mr. Justice Reed, and Mr. Justice Frankfurter join.
No. 826. R. E. Taylor, appellant, v. The State of Mississippi;
No. 827. Betty Benoit, appellant, v. The State of Mississippi; and
No. 828. Clem Cummings, appellant, v. The State of Mississippi.
Appeals from the Supreme Court of the State of Mississippi. Judg-
ments reversed with costs and cases remanded to the said Supreme
Court for further proceedings not inconsistent with the opinion of
this Court. Opinion by Mr. Justice Roberts.
No. 235. David Busey and Orville J. Richie, petitioners, v. Dis-
trict of Columbia. On writ of certiorari to the United States Court
of Appeals for the District of Columbia. Judgment vacated without
costs to either party in this Court and cause remanded to the said
Court of Appeals to enable it to examine its rulings on the construc-
tion and validity of the District ordinance in the light of the decisions
of this Court in the Opelika and Murdock cases. Opinion, per curiam,
announced by Mr. Chief Justice Stone. Mr. Justice Rutledge took no
part in the consideration or decision of this case.

MONDAY, JUNE 14, 1943
270
No. 892. Harold E. Cole, appellant, v. Abel J. Violette, Alfred
Vervill et al. Appeal from the Superior Court of Suffolk County,
Commonwealth of Massachusetts. Appeal dismissed on the ground
that it was not applied for within the time provided by law. Opinion,
per curiam, announced by Mr. Chief Justice Stone.
The Chief Justice announced the following order of the Court:
No. 28. The Washington Terminal Company, petitioner, v. F. E.
Boswell, E. R. Burkhead, et al. On writ of certiorari to the United
States Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia. Per curiam:
Judgment affirmed by an equally divided Court. Mr. Justice Rutledge
took no part in the consideration or decision of this case.
The Chief Justice said:
"The other orders of the Court appear upon the list certified by the
Chief Justice and filed with the Clerk and will not be announced
orally."
-
No. In the matter of Leonard S. Levin. Leonard S. Levin, of
Brookline, Massachusetts, having resigned as a member of the bar
of this Court, it is ordered that his name be stricken from the roll
of attorneys admitted to practice in this Court.
No.. Ex parte D. Pavel Fiala, petitioner. Application denied
for the want of original jurisdiction.
No., original. Ex parte Joseph Greco, petitioner ;
No. original. Ex parte William J. White, petitioner; and
,
No. -, original. Ex parte John Russell Miller, petitioner. The
motions for leave to file petitions for writs of habeas corpus are
denied.
No. 997. Mike Marvich, petitioner, v. The People of the State of
California et al. It is ordered that Neil Burkinshaw, Esq., of Wash-
ington, D. C., a member of the bar of this Court, be appointed to
serve as counsel for the petitioner in this case.
No. 1058. The United States, petitioner, v. Algernon Blair, Indi-
vidually, etc. The motion as to the printing of the record is granted
but without prejudice to the respondent's right to call attention to any
matter appearing in the unprinted parts of the record.
No. 1048. The United States of America, petitioner, v. Frank
Laudani. The motion to extend the time for filing respondent's brief
until July 22 next is granted.
No. 1001. Hugh A. Bowen, petitioner, v. The United States of
America. Time within which to file petition for rehearing extended
to and including July 15.

MONDAY, JUNE 14, 1943
271
No. 1043. The United States of America, appellant, v. Charles A.
Gaskins. In this case probable jurisdiction is noted and the case is
transferred to the summary docket.
No. 1047. Charles M. Thomson, as Trustee, etc., appellant, v. The
United States of America et al. In this case probable jurisdiction is
noted.
No. 1010. Harold L. Ickes, Secretary of the Interior, et al., peti-
tioners, v. Associated Industries of New York State, Inc. Petition
for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of Appeals for the Second
Circuit granted.
No. 930. John V. Dobson, petitioner, v. Guy T. Helvering, Com-
missioner of Internal Revenue;
No. 931. E. W. Dobson, petitioner, v. Guy T. Helvering, Commis-
sioner of Internal Revenue;
No. 932. Estate of James N. Collins, deceased, First National
Bank and Trust Company of Minneapolis, Executor, petitioner, v.
Guy T. Helvering, Commissioner of Internal Revenue; and
No. 933. H. J. Harwick, petitioner, v. Commissioner of Internal
Revenue. Petition for writs of certiorari to the Circuit Court of
Appeals for the Eighth Circuit granted and the cases transferred to
the summary docket.
No. 1027. Guy T. Helvering, Commissioner of Internal Revenue,
petitioner, v. S. B. Heininger. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
Circuit Court of Appeals for the Seventh Circuit granted and case
transferred to the summary docket.
No. 903. Cafeteria Employees Union, Local 302, and William
Mesevich, petitioners, v. Gus Angelos et al.; and
No. 904. Cafeteria Employees Union Local 302, and William
Mesevich, petitioners, v. Elias Tsakires et al. Petition for rehear-
ing granted and order denying certiorari vacated. Petition for writs
of certiorari to the Court of Appeals of New York granted.
No. 907. Colgate-Palmolive-Peet Company, petitioner, v. The
United States of America; and
No. 908. Colgate-Palmolive-Peet Company, petitioner, v. The
United States of America. Petition for rehearing granted and order
denying certiorari vacated. Petition for writs of certiorari to the
Circuit Court of Appeals for the Third Circuit granted and cases
transferred to the summary docket. Mr. Justice Roberts took no part
in the consideration or decision of these applications.
No. 713. Jose Cases Velazquez, petitioner, v. The United States
of America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of
Appeals for the First Circuit denied.

MONDAY, JUNE 14, 1943
272
No. 865. The Esmond Mills et al., petitioners, v. Guy T. Helver-
ing, Commissioner of Internal Revenue. Petition for writ of cer-
tiorari to the Circuit Court of Appeals for the First Circuit denied.
No. 958. Kennedy Laundry Company, petitioner, v. Guy T. Hel-
vering, Commissioner of Internal Revenue. Petition for writ of cer-
tiorari to the Circuit Court of Appeals for the Seventh Circuit denied.
No. 983. John M. Whelan & Sons, Inc. (Claimant), petitioner, v.
The United States. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of
Claims denied.
No. 999. City and County of San Francisco (a municipal cor-
poration, petitioner, v. Dan E. Williams et al. Petition for writ of
certiorari to the District Court of Appeals, First Appellate District,
State of California, denied.
No. 1017. Amtorg Trading Corporation et al., petitioners, v.
American Foreign Steamship Corporation, etc., et al. Petition for
writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of Appeals for the Ninth Cir-
cuit denied.
No. 1018. L. A. Wells Construction Company, petitioner, v. Com-
missioner of Internal Revenue. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
Circuit Court of Appeals for the Sixth Circuit denied.
No. 1019. L. Metcalfe Walling, Administrator, etc., petitioner, v.
T. Buettner and Company. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Cir-
cuit Court of Appeals for the Seventh Circuit denied.
No. 1020. North Kansas City Development Company et al., peti-
tioners, v. Chicago, Burlington & Quincy Railroad Company. Peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of Appeals for the
Eighth Circuit denied.
No. 1022. The State of Maine, petitioner, v. The United States of
America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of
Appeals for the First Circuit denied.
No. 1023. Benjamin Maltz, an Individual doing business as Excel
Manufacturing Company, petitioner, v. George D. Sax et al. Peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of Appeals for the
Seventh Circuit denied.
No. 1024. Harry Becker, petitioner, v. Loew's, Incorporated.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of Appeals for
the Seventh Circuit denied.
No. 1025. State of Montana, petitioner, v. The United States of
America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of
Appeals for the Ninth Circuit denied.
No. 1026. C. P. A. Company, petitioner, v. Guy T. Helvering,
Commissioner of Internal Revenue. Petition for writ of certiorari to
the Circuit Court of Appeals for the Sixth Circuit denied.

MONDAY, JUNE 14, 1943
273
No. 1029. Ferdinand A. Kertess et al., petitioners, v. The United
States of America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit
Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit denied.
No. 1031. The Travelers Insurance Company, petitioner, v. John
I. Magill, Conservator of Roy A. McClintic, etc. Petition for writ
of certiorari to the Circuit Court of Appeals for the Eighth Circuit
denied.
No. 1033. Paul Douchan, petitioner, v. The United States of
America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of
Appeals for the Sixth Circuit denied.
No. 1037. Arthur E. Steiner, petitioner, v. The United States of
America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of
Appeals for the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 1038. Oskar Tiedemann and Estonian State Steamship Line,
petitioners, v. Estoduras Steamship Company, Inc., Claimants, etc.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of Appeals for
the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 1042. Alfred S. Davis, as Treasurer of Retail Shoe Sales-
men's Union, Local 1115-F, etc., et al., petitioners, v. Dinny & Rob-
bins, Inc. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals of
New York denied.
No. 1052. Kurt Emil Bruno Molzahn, petitioner, v. The United
States of America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court
of Appeals for the Second Circuit denied.
No. 968. Benguet Consolidated Mining Company, petitioner, v.
Idonah Slade Perkins et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Dis-
trict Court of Appeals, First Appellate District, denied. Mr. Justice
Murphy took no part in the consideration or decision of this applica-
tion.
No. 637. The United States of America, petitioner, v. William
Minski. The motion of the respondent for leave to proceed in forma
pauperis is granted. The petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit
Court of Appeals for the Sixth Circuit denied.
No. 967. William Elliott, petitioner, v. Jess Buchanan, Warden,
etc. The motion for leave to proceed on the typewritten record is
granted. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals of
Kentucky denied.
No. 608. E. V. Davis, petitioner, v. The State of Arizona. Peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Arizona denied.
on the ground that the judgment below rested on a non-federal ground
adequate to support it. See Brooks v. State, 51 Ariz. 544.
No. 996. Armin Ellerbrake, petitioner, v. The United States of
America. On petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of
Appeals for the Ninth Circuit;

MONDAY, JUNE 14, 1943
274
No. 1009. Clyde Arwood, petitioner, v. The United States of
America. On petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of
Appeals for the Sixth Circuit; and
No. 1077. Joseph A. Farrell, petitioner, v. Francis J. W. Lanagan,
Warden of the State Prison. On petition for writ of certiorari to
the Circuit Court of Appeals for the First Circuit. Motions for
leave to proceed in forma pauperis granted. Petitions for writs of
certiorari denied.
No. 943. Leo S. Holmes, petitioner, v. The United States of Amer-
ica. Motion for leave to proceed in forma pauperis granted. Peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of Appeals for the
Eighth Circuit denied. Mr. Justice Douglas took no part in the
consideration or decision of these applications.
No. 710. J. B. Wheat et al., petitioners, v. Texas Land and Mort-
gage Company, Limited, et al.; and
No. 938. Lyman Fleniken and Mrs. Lyman Fleniken, petitioners,
v. Great American Indemnity Company et al. Petitions for rehear-
ing denied.
No. -, original. Ex parte David H. Johnson, petitioner; and
No. 869. Edmond C. Fletcher, petitioner, v. The Evening Star
Newspaper Company. Petitions for rehearing denied. Mr. Justice
Rutledge took no part in the consideration or decision of these
applications.
No. 764. Joseph E. Jones, petitioner, v. Hon. Francis Biddle,
Attorney General of the United States. Third petition for rehearing
denied.
ORDER
The Court will take a recess from today until Monday, June 21,
upon which day it will adjourn for the term unless otherwise ordered.
No motions, except motions for admission to practice, will be
received after the session next before the date fixed for adjournment
of the term.
Adjourned until Monday, June 21, next, at 12 o'clock.
☑

MONDAY, JUNE 21, 1943
275
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: The Chief Justice, Mr. Justice Black, Mr. Justice Reed,
Mr. Justice Frankfurter, Mr. Justice Murphy, Mr. Justice Jackson,
and Mr. Justice Rutledge.
John D. Langston, of Goldsboro, N. C.; Roscoe S. Conkling, of
New York City; Thomas A. Joyner, of Los Angeles, Calif.; Leander
I. Shelley, of New York City; Morris W. Needlman, of Chicago, Ill.;
Edgar K. Markley, of Gettysburg, Pa.; Scovel Richardson, of Chi-
cago, Ill.; Irvin M. Lichtenstein, of Camden, N. J.; Paul R. Ames, of
New York City; Joseph Nemerov, of New York City; George Gus-
saroff, of New York City; Maurice J. Dix, of New York City; and
Fred W. Morrison, of Spencer, N. C., were admitted to practice.
No. 2. William Schneiderman, petitioner, v. The United States of
America. On writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court
of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit. Judgment reversed and cause re-
manded to the said Circuit Court of Appeals for further proceedings
in conformity with the opinion of this Court. Opinion by Mr. Justice
Murphy. Concurring opinion by Mr. Justice Douglas announced by
Mr. Justice Murphy. Concurring opinion by Mr. Justice Rutledge.
Dissenting opinion by Mr. Chief Justice Stone in which Mr. Justice
Roberts and Mr. Justice Frankfurter join. Mr. Justice Jackson did
not participate in the consideration or decision of this case.
No. 369. Marconi Wireless Telegraph Company of America, peti-
tioner, v. The United States; and
No. 373. The United States, petitioner, v. Marconi Wireless Tele-
graph Company of America. On writs of certiorari to the Court of
Claims. Judgment in No. 369 affirmed. Judgment in No. 373 va-
cated and cause remanded to the Court of Claims for further pro-
ceedings not inconsistent with the opinion of this Court. Opinion
by Mr. Chief Justice Stone. Mr. Justice Murphy took no part in the
consideration or decision of this case. Opinion by Mr. Justice Frank-
furter dissenting in part in which Mr. Justice Roberts joins. Opinion
by Mr. Justice Rutledge dissenting in part.
No. 870. Gordon Kiyoshi Hirabayashi v. The United States of
America. On certificate from the United States Circuit Court of
Appeals for the Ninth Circuit. Judgment of the District Court of
the United States for the Western District of Washington affirmed.
488078-43--100

MONDAY, JUNE 21, 1943
276
Opinion by Mr. Chief Justice Stone. Concurring opinion by Mr.
Justice Douglas announced by Mr. Chief Justice Stone. Concurring
opinion by Mr. Justice Murphy. Concurring opinion by Mr. Justice
Rutledge.
No. 871. Minoru Yasui v. The United States of America. On cer-
tificate from the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the
Ninth Circuit. Conviction sustained but judgment of the District
Court vacated and cause remanded to the District Court of the United
States for the District of Oregon for resentence of appellant, and to
afford that court opportunity to strike its findings as to appellant's
loss of United States citizenship. Opinion by Mr. Chief Justice
Stone.
The Chief Justice said:
"The orders of the Court appear upon the list certified by the
Chief Justice and filed with the Clerk and will not be announced
orally."
No. 1056. The Jack Lincoln Shops, Inc., appellant, v. State Dry
Cleaners' Board et al. Appeal from the Supreme Court of the State
of Oklahoma. Per curiam: The appeal is dismissed for want of a
substantial federal question. Nebbia v. New York, 291 U. S. 502;
West Coast Hotel Co. v. Parrish, 300 U. S. 379; Olsen v. Nebraska,
313 U. S. 236; and Dunn v. Ohio, 318 U. S.
Mr. Justice Roberts
took no part in the consideration or decision of this case.
No. 1064. Milton Prebyl, appellant, v. The Prudential Insurance
Company of America et al. Appeal from the Supreme Court of the
State of Nebraska. Per curiam: The motion for leave to proceed
in forma pauperis is granted. The appeal is dismissed for the want
of jurisdiction. Section 237 (a), Judicial Code, as amended, 28 U.
S. C., sec. 344 (a). Treating the papers whereon the appeal was
allowed as a petition for writ of certiorari as required by section
237 (c) of the Judicial Code as amended, 28 U. S. C., sec. 344 (c),
certiorari is denied. Mr. Justice Roberts and Mr. Justice Douglas
took no part in the consideration or decision of this case.
No. . In the matter of the disbarment of George S. Wolbert.
It having been reported to the Court that George S. Wolbert, of
Philadelphia, Pa., has been disbarred from the practice of the law
by the Supreme Court of the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania;
It is ordered that the said George S. Wolbert, be, and he is hereby,
suspended from the practice of the law in this Court, and that a
rule issue, returnable within forty (40) days, requiring him to show
cause why he should not be disbarred from the practice of the law
in this Court.
No. ―.
Ex parte Warren Wockner, petitioner. Application
denied. Mr. Justice Roberts and Mr. Justice Douglas took no part
in the consideration or decision of this application.

MONDAY, JUNE 21, 1943
No.. Ex parte Wolfgang Achtner, petitioner; and
277
No. -. Ex parte Franz Moedlhammer, petitioner. Applications
denied without prejudice to applications to the District Court. Mr.
Justice Roberts and Mr. Justice Douglas took no part in the con-
sideration or decision of these applications.
✓.
No. Milton Roe Sabin et al., appellants, v. A. I. Levorsen et al.
Motion for stay denied. Mr. Justice Roberts and Mr. Justice Doug-
las took no part in the consideration or decision of this application.
No. -, original. Ex parte Earl Collins, petitioner; and
No. -, original. Ex parte Joseph E. Sheppard, petitioner. The
motions for leave to file petitions for writs of habeas corpus are
denied. Mr. Justice Roberts and Mr. Justice Douglas took no part
in the consideration or decision of these applications.
No. 766. Virginian Hotel Corporation of Lynchburg, petitioner,
v. Guy T. Helvering, Commissioner of Internal Revenue. Mandate
withheld and time within which to file petition for rehearing extended
to and including September 1, next. Mr. Justice Roberts and Mr.
Justice Douglas took no part in the consideration or decision of this
application.
No. 958. Kennedy Laundry Company, petitioner, v. Guy T. Hel-
vering, Commissioner of Internal Revenue. Motion to withhold
order denying certiorari granted. Mr. Justice Roberts and Mr. Jus-
tice Douglas took no part in the consideration or decision of this
application.
No. 608. E. V. Davis, petitioner, v. The State of Arizona. Order
denying certiorari recalled and time within which to file petition for
rehearing extended to and including September 1, next.
No. 1068. The United States of America, appellant, v. Jacob Hark
and Hyman Yaffee, Co-partners etc.
Further consideration of the
question of the jurisdiction of this Court in this case is postponed to
the hearing of the case on the merits.
No. 1101. City of Yonkers et al., appellants, v. The United States
of America et al. In this case probable jurisdiction is noted. The
motion for a stay is denied. Mr. Justice Roberts and Mr. Justice
Douglas took no part in the consideration or decision of these ques-
tions.
No. 945. Ford Motor Company, petitioner, v. Gordon Form Lathe
Company; and
No. 946. Ford Motor Company, petitioner, v. Gordon Form Lathe
Company. The petition for rehearing is granted and the order en-
tered June 7 is vacated. The petition for writs of certiorari to the
Circuit Court of Appeals for the Sixth Circuit is granted. Mr.
Justice Roberts and Mr. Justice Douglas took no part in the considera-
tion or decision of this application.

MONDAY, JUNE 21, 1943
278
No. 1055. Nick Falbo, petitioner, v. The United States of America.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of Appeals for
the Third Circuit granted.
No. 1036. Estate of Henry H. Rogers, deceased, et al., etc., peti-
tioners, v. Guy T. Helvering, Commissioner of Internal Revenue. Pe-
tion for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of Appeals for the
Second Circuit granted. Mr. Justice Murphy took no part in the
consideration or decision of this application.
No. 1039. J. I. Case Company, petitioner, v. National Labor Rela-
tions Board. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of
Appeals for the Seventh Circuit granted. Counsel are requested
to discuss in their briefs and on oral argument the question whether
the case is moot. Mr. Justice Roberts took no part in the considera-
tion or decision of this application.
No. 1035. Oliver A. Miller, doing business as Miller Motor Freight
Service et al., petitioners, v. James B. Bates. Petition for writ of
certiorari to the Circuit Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit
denied.
No. 1040. Edgar B. Davis, petitioner, v. Commonwealth of Massa-
chusetts. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of
Texas denied.
No. 1045. First National Benefit Society, petitioner, v. W. P.
Stuart, Collector of Internal Revenue for the District of Arizona.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of Appeals for
the Ninth Circuit denied.
No. 1046. Durable Toy & Novelty Corp., petitioner, v. J. Chein &
Co., Inc., and F. W. Woolworth Co. Petition for writ of certiorari
to the Circuit Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit denied.
No. 1049. G. J. Nikolas, G. J. Nikolas & Company, Inc., et al.,
petitioners, v. W. D. Witter. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
Circuit Court of Appeals for the Seventh Circuit denied.
No. 1050. The Order of United Commercial Travelers of America,
petitioner, v. Ella Moore. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit
Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 1054. Raffael Greco, petitioner, v. The United States of Amer-
ica. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of Appeals
for the Third Circuit denied.
No. 1070. Charles H. Guyton, petitioner, v. The United States of
America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of Ap-
peals for the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 1015. Leroy Smith, petitioner, v. Louisiana & Arkansas Rail-
way Company. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court

MONDAY, JUNE 21, 1943
279
of Appeals for the Eighth Circuit denied. Mr. Justice Black is of
opinion that certiorari should be granted.
No. 1069. Bernard Kushner, petitioner, v. The United States of
America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of Ap-
peals for the Second Circuit denied. Mr. Justice Douglas took no
part in the consideration or decision of this application.
No. 1081. Lawrence Edwin Arnold, petitioner, v. The United
States of America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit
Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit denied. Mr. Justice Douglas
took no part in the consideration or decision of this application.
No. 1082. Harry Edward Farris, petitioner, v. Commonwealth of
Virginia. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Hustings Court of the
City of Richmond denied. Mr. Justice Douglas took no part in the
consideration or decision of this application.
No. 1085. Perry Frame, petitioner, v. Milton F. Amrine, Warden,
Kansas State Penitentiary. Motion for leave to proceed in forma
pauperis granted. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court
of Kansas denied. Mr. Justice Roberts and Mr. Justice Douglas took
no part in the consideration or decision of these applications.
No. 1099. Joseph E. Sheppard, petitioner, v. Commonwealth of
Massachusetts. Motion for leave to proceed in forma pauperis
granted. Motion for stay denied. Petition for writ of certiorari to
the Supreme Judicial Court of Massachusetts denied. Mr. Justice
Douglas and Mr. Justice Roberts took no part in the consideration
or decision of these applications.
No. 226. Corinne C. Waterman, petitioner, v. Colonel Somervell
et al. Third petition for rehearing denied. Mr. Justice Roberts,
Mr. Justice Douglas and Mr. Justice Rutledge took no part in the
consideration or decision of this application.
No. 495. G. E. Burford et al., petitioners, v. Sun Oil Company et
al.; and
No. 496. Sun Oil Company et al., petitioners, v. G. E. Burford
et al;
No. 553. Joseph Galloway, by Freda Galloway, his guardian, peti-
tioner, v. The United States of America;
No. 939. Irene M. Watson, Grace Banks, et al., petitioners, v. Paul
Caspers;
No. 960. J. C. Patterson et al., petitioners, v. The Texas Company;
No. 962. Joseph Mescall, petitioner, v. W. T. Grant Company; and
No. 1034. James Allen, alias James Robert Allen, etc., petitioner,
v. The United States of America. Petitions for rehearing denied.
Mr. Justice Roberts and Mr. Justice Douglas took no part in the
consideration or decision of these applications.

MONDAY, JUNE 21, 1943
280
No. 528. O. L. Hastings et al., petitioners, v. Selby Oil & Gas Com-
pany et al.;
No. 935. H. W. Kelley et al., petitioners, v. Everglades Drainage
District; and
No. 948. United States Gypsum Company, petitioner, v. Antonio
Stornelli. Petitions for rehearing denied. Mr. Justice Douglas took
no part in the consideration or decision of these applications.
No. 824. Metropolitan-Columbia Stockholders, Inc., et al., peti-
tioners, v. The City of New York. Second petition for rehearing
denied. Mr. Justice Roberts and Mr. Justice Douglas took no part
in the consideration or decision of this application.
The Chief Justice announced the following order of the Court:
ORDER
All cases submitted and all business before the Court at this term
in readiness for disposition having been disposed of,
It is ordered by this Court that all cases on the docket be, and
they hereby are, continued to the next term.
Adjourned to the time and place appointed by law.
Х