I
50
OCTOBER TERM, 1944
STATISTICS
653569
вих, а
Number of cases on docket__
Cases disposed of.
Remaining on docket ___.
Cases disposed of-
Original
Appellate Total
11
1,382
1,393
0
1, 249
1,249
11
133
144
By written opinions---
199
By per curiam opinions.
75
By denial or dismissal of petitions for certiorari_
By motion to dismiss or per stipulation ____
971
4
Number of written opinions__
156
Number of admissions to bar (114 admitted May 21)
1,200
REFERENCE INDEX
President Roosevelt, Court recessed (Saturday session) to
attend inauguration of
Sutherland, J., resolutions of the Bar presented by George
Wharton Pepper---
Clarke, J., death of (March 22, 1945) announced -----
Court convened at 10:30 June 18-adjourned to attend Joint
Session of Congress in honor of General Eisenhower and re-
convened at 2:30.
Bonds of Clerk approved-----
Disbarment, etc., In the matter of-
Hulon Capshaw (committee appointed).
J. Whitla Stinson (resignation) -
Page
143
100
198
119
51, 167
239
Rules of Criminal Procedure prescribed and ordered trans-
mitted to Attorney General with request that they be reported
to Congress___.
Rules of Criminal Procedure made applicable to appeals by
United States under Criminal Appeals Act _____
Counsel appointed (Nos. 64, 102, 212, 259, 825) -----
Opinions amended (Nos. 410, 371, 296, 431, 953, 699, 470 and
815)
119
121
6, 163, 284
176, 218, 242, 254, 276, 284, 291
597362-45-102

II
Page
Judgments affirmed by equally divided court (Nos. 192, 55) -- 132, 193
Judgment affirmed on ground that findings (of I. C. C.) are
sufficient to support the order, and the evidence is sufficient
to support the findings (No. 479) ___
Judgments of Circuit Court of Appeals vacated and judgments
of District Court modified in accordance with stipulations
(Nos. 345-6) ---
Judgment vacated and cause remanded, prior to argument, for
consideration of question to which grant of certiorari had
been limited (No. 1245).
Cases continued to enable counsel to apply to state supreme
court for amendment, or certificate, to show whether decision
of federal question was necessary to the judgment (Nos.
24-25)
Stay granted. Ordered that status quo be preserved and that
appellees be restrained and enjoined from enforcing a resolu-
tion adopted pursuant to an act of state legislature (Hughes
v. School Board) ---
Brief amicus curiae-motion for leave to file denied for reason
that application was not made sufficiently in advance of oral
argument to enable parties to reply prior to argument (No.
445) -
-----
Brief withdrawn in face of motion to dismiss on ground that
it had not been served in time, and party allowed to argue
on petition for certiorari and brief in support (No. 37) ….
Moot case judgment of Circuit Court of Appeals vacated and
cause remanded to District Court with directions to dismiss
(No. 1059)
Prohibition and mandamus, motion for leave to file denied with-
out prejudice to filing application for certiorari (Universal
Oil)
Habeas corpus, leave to file denied and papers treated as petition
for certiorari (Ex parte Caulo, Lee) --
Bill of Particulars, motion for, granted (No. 11, original).
Mandate recalled and amended (No. 85) ---
Motion to amend assignments of error denied (No. 769)
Motion to intervene denied (No. 788) -
65
92
282
156
114
168
71
238
184
5
283
254
147
148
Motion for leave to proceed without counsel granted-petitioner
a corporation (Hay v. Safety Harbor).
184
Motion to tax cost of printing unnecessary parts of record
against offending party granted (No. 995) --
278
Appeal dismissed on ground that application of state statute
presents no substantial federal question (No. 355) ---
4

III
Appeal from opinion and order of dismissal which provided
for submission of proposed findings and conclusions dis-
missed, and cause heard on appeal taken from order entered
after court made findings and conclusions (Nos. 274–275) --
Appeal from Court of Claims dismissed for want of jurisdiction
on ground that special jurisdictional act did not provide for
review by appeal (No. 424). Petition for certiorari in same
case denied for failure to file within time provided by the act,
i. e., "ninety days” (No. 532) ----
Certiorari denied for reason brief not "direct and concise" as
required by par. 2 of Rule 38 (Nos. 290, 1213) ---
Certiorari denied for want of a reviewable judgment of the
highest court of the state (No. 223) …….
Certiorari denied for want of a judgment of the highest court
of the state in which a decision could be had (No. 659) ….
Certiorari dismissed as improvidently granted. The conten-
tions urged in petition found not to be decisive, and conten-
tions made following grant of certiorari held insubstantial or
not properly raised on the record (No. 41) ----
Certiorari from order of Circuit Judge denying petition for
habeas corpus denied for want of jurisdiction, 28 U. S. C.
463 (a) (No. 596) ----
Certiorari denied for reason that it does not appear from the
record or from the papers submitted that the judgment is
final (No. 775)--
Certiorari denied for reason that application made prior to
judgment of Circuit Court of Appeals (No. 949) --
Certiorari denied for failure to file in time. Time computed
from date of issue of mandate (Md.) (No. 1160) ---
Certiorari denied for failure to file in time. Time computed
from date of entry of judgment in Supreme Court of New
Jersey rather than Court of Errors and Appeals (No. 1249) --
Certiorari denied for failure to file in time. Time computed
from date of opinion (9th Circuit) rendered subsequent to
entry of judgment (No. 314) _-.
Certiorari denied for failure to file within time provided by
Special Jurisdictional Act. Petition was filed within time
provided in order granting extension but the extension had
been computed from the end of the three-months period
provided in the general act rather than the "ninety” day
period provided in the special act. Application had failed
to disclose the act under which the Court of Claims had
jurisdiction (No. 532) –
Page
4
75
4,277
24
125
64
79
170
196
258
277
47
75

IV
Page
Certiorari denied for failure to file in time. An application for
extension of time, later proved to have been timely, was denied
"without prejudice to renewal upon petition showing timeli-
ness of application." A second application received after the
time had expired was granted "provided the time has not now
expired." The petition was filed within the time as extended
(No. 672)
Certiorari, rule to show cause why record should not be certified
and why writ should not be granted (No. 205).
Certiorari, writ ordered to issue (No. 205) ----
Certiorari, order denying vacated and certiorari granted ex
mero motu (No. 849)
123
6
93
286
157, 184, 226, 282
Certiorari, leave granted to file petitions under sec. 262 (Nos.
921, 1016-17, 1189–90, 1191, 1383) ….
Certiorari, application for extension of time made after time
had expired denied (Watson v. Holland)
Reargument ordered (Nos. 806, 40, 83, 666) –
Rehearing granted (No. 514).
268
254, 284
Rehearing, petition to remove limitation on grant of certiorari
granted (Nos. 462, 379–80, 296) ----
141
114, 122, 127
208, 218
Rehearing, opinion on (Nos. 2-7, 371) --
Rehearing, opinion by individual justice on denial (No. 721) ---
Rehearing, motion for leave to file at succeeding term denied for
want of jurisdiction on authorities cited (No. 766 of 1943) --
Rehearing, motion for leave to file denied for want of jurisdic-
tion citing Simpson & Co. v. Comm'r (No. 950) ---
Order suspending call of docket_____
Final order_-_
292
39
292
242
292
U. S. GOVERNMENT PRINTING OFFICE: 1945

MONDAY, OCTOBER 2, 1944
1
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: The Chief Justice, Mr. Justice Roberts, Mr. Justice Black,
Mr. Justice Reid, Mr. Justice Frankfurter, Mr. Justice Douglas, Mr.
Justice Murphy, Mr. Justice Jackson, and Mr. Justice Rutledge.
Leon Ulman, of New York City; Ernest L. Duhaime, of Miami,
Fla.; Joseph B. Goldman, of Washington. D. C.; Melvin S. Cohen,
of Washington, D. C.; William A. Baker, of Kansas City, Mo.;
Wallace P. Zachry, of New York City; John F. Wright, of Syra-
cuse, N. Y.; Leon Jourolmon, Jr., of Knoxville, Tenn.; Morris Roch-
man, of Hicksville, N. Y.; Leo Sheiner, of Walden, N. Y.; H.
Carnie Russell, of Fort Worth, Tex.; Hyman Ginsberg, of Baltimore,
Md.; Harry Leeward Katz, of Baltimore, Md.; Morton Lexow, of
Suffern, N. Y.; Lee William Ensel, of Springfield, Ill.; William B.
Dennis, of Beverly Hills, Calif.: Newman Hall Clark, of Seattle,
Wash.; Lawford Eric Carey, of Zion, Ill.; Milton Conn, of Washing-
ton, D. C.; William Farnum White, of San Francisco, Calif.: Delbert
E. Metzger, of Honolulu, Hawaii; Jacques L. Ach, of Cincinnati,
Ohio; Irving Brooke Campbell, of Chicago, Ill.; Edward John
Dahms, of Cedar Rapids, Iowa; William Marvin Woodall, of Bir-
mingham, Ala.; Rufus Bailey, of Los Angeles, Calif.; Edgar A. B.
Spencer, of New York City; Robert W. Lishman, of New York City;
David M. Engelson, of New York City; Sidney Burstein, of New
York City; Windsor Calkins, of Eugene, Oreg.; and George William
Neuner, of Salem, Oreg., were admitted to practice.
No. 82. Marie E. Schwartz, petitioner. v. Commissioner of Internal
Revenue. On writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court
of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit. Dismissed per stipulation of
counsel.
Adjourned until Monday next at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Monday, October 9, will be as follows: Nos. 2 (3, 4,
5, 6, 7, 8, 9, 10, and 11), 14, 22, 70, 20, 84, 12, 73, 23, and 26.
Х
597362-44- -1

MONDAY, OCTOBER 9, 1944
2
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: The Chief Justice, Mr. Justice Roberts, Mr. Justice Black,
Mr. Justice Reed, Mr. Justice Frankfurter, Mr. Justice Douglas, Mr.
Justice Murphy, Mr. Justice Jackson, and Mr. Justice Rutledge.
Harold V. Snyder, of Chicago, Ill.; Rutledge Carter Clement, of
Danville, Va.; James C. Purcell, of San Francisco, Calif.; Thomas E.
Joyce, of Kansas City, Kans.; Wm. A. Paisley, of Jacksonville,
Fla.; Maxine Charlier, of Sandy, Utah; Henry S. Stevens, of Phoenix,
Ariz.; Charles E. Whittaker, of Kansas City, Mo.; Coleman Gangel,
of New York City; P. Wolf Winer, of New York City; Walter S.
Rountree, of San Francisco, Calif.; William Owens Heilman, of New
York City; Hubert Hickam, of Indianapolis, Ind.; Richmond M.
Golightly, of Detroit, Mich.; C. G. Roetzel, of Akron, Ohio; Leo J.
Kennedy, of Buffalo, N. Y.; Albert Francis Reardon, of Toledo, Ohio;
J. E. Tucker, of Raleigh, N. C.; Omar L. Crook, of Mangum, Okla.;
James McI. Henderson, of Washington, D. C.; Theodore H. Kendrick,
of Lynn, Mass.; Samuel B. Friedman, of Newark, N. J.; Henry Gold-
hor, of Newark, N. J.; John A. Chamberlain, of Cleveland, Ohio; and
Benjamin T. Rauber, of New York City, were admitted to practice.
The Chief Justice announced the following orders of the Court:
No. 121. Roger Evin Jones, appellant, v. The People of the State
of California. Appeal from the District Court of Appeals, 2d Appel-
late District, State of California. Per curiam: The appeal is dis-
missed for want of jurisdiction. Sec. 237 (a), Judicial Code, as
amended, 28 U. S. C., sec. 344 (a); Memphis Gas Co. v. Beeler, 315
U. S. 649, 650–651, and cases cited. Treating the papers whereon the
appeal was allowed as a petition for writ of certiorari as required by
sec. 237 (c) of the Judicial Code, as amended, 28 U. S. C., sec. 344 (c),
certiorari is denied. Mr. Justice Douglas took no part in the con-
sideration or decision of this case.
No. 378. Commercial Credit Company, appellant, v. George
O'Brien, as County Treasurer of the County of Silver Bow, State of
Montana, et al. Appeal from the Supreme Court of Montana. Per
curiam: The appeal is dismissed for want of jurisdiction. Sec. 237
(a), Judicial Code, as amended, 28 U. S. C., sec. 344 (a); Memphis
Gas Co. v. Beeler, 315 U. S. 649, 650–651, and cases cited. Treating the
597362-44- -2

MONDAY, OCTOBER 9, 1944
3
papers whereon the appeal was allowed as a petition for writ of cer-
tiorari as required by sec. 237 (c) of the Judicial Code, as amended,
28 U. S. C., sec. 344 (c), certiorari is denied. The Chief Justice took
no part in the consideration or decision of this case.
No. 184. J. F. Taylor et al., as Trustees of The Lake Placid
Methodist Church, appellants, v. Mary Emma Payne, as Administra-
trix, de bonis non, cum testamento annexo. Appeal from the Supreme
Court of Florida. Per curiam: The motion to dismiss is granted and
the appeal is dismissed for want of a substantial federal question.
(1) Campbell v. California, 200 U. S. 87, 94, and cases cited; Stebbins v.
Riley, 268 U. S. 137, 140, and cases cited; (2) Murdock v. Pennsylvania,
319 U. S. 105, 110, and cases cited; Prince v. Massachusetts, 321 U. S.
158, 166–169.
No. 194. Mary P. Finlayson and D. A. Finlayson, her husband,
appellants, v. Town of Monticello, a municipal corporation, etc. Ap-
peal from the Supreme Court of Florida. Per curiam: The motion
to dismiss is granted and the appeal is dismissed for want of a sub-
stantial federal question. Campbell v. Olney, 262 U. S. 352; North
Laramie Land Co. v. Hoffman, 268 U. S. 276, 283; Utley v. St. Peters-
burg, 292 U. S. 106; Anderson National Bank v. Luckett, 321 U. S.
233, 247.
No. 211. Mercedes Realty, Inc., appellant, v. Standard Homestead
Association. Appeal from the Supreme Court of Louisiana. Per
curiam: The motion for leave to file statement as to jurisdiction is
granted. The appeal is dismissed for want of a substantial federal
question. Rast v. Van Deman & Lewis Co., 240 U. S. 342, 357;
Fort Smith Light & Traction Co. v. Board of Improvement, 274 U. S.
387, 391.
No. 244. William C. Dennick, Administrator of the estate of
Jeannette E. Dennick, deceased, appellant, v. The Miami Savings &
Loan Company. Appeal from the Supreme Court of Ohio. Per
curiam: The appeal is dismissed for want of a substantial federal
question. Hansberry v. Lee, 311 U. S. 32, 41, 42-3, and cases cited.
No. 311. Charles D. Offhouse et al., appellants, v. The Board of
Education of the City of Paterson in the County of Passaic. Appeal
from the Supreme Court of New Jersey. Per curiam: The motion
to dismiss is granted and the appeal is dismissed for want of a sub-
stantial federal question. Phelps v. Board of Education, 300 U. S.
319, 323.
No. 355. Vincent J. Todaro, appellant, v. The State of New Jersey.
Appeal from the Court of Errors and Appeals of New Jersey. Per
curiam: The appeal is dismissed since the application in this case of

MONDAY, OCTOBER 9, 1944
4
New Jersey Rev. Stat., Tit. 2, Ch. 164, Sec. 1, presents no substantial
federal question. (1) Wilson v. United States, 162 U. S. 613, 619;
(2) Tot v. United States, 319 U. S. 463, 470–72, and cases cited.
No. 132. The Hanna Furnace Corporation, appellant, v. The United
States of America et al. Appeal from the District Court of the
United States for the Western District of New York. Per curiam:
The motion to affirm is granted and the judgment is affirmed. United
States v. Pan American Corp'n, 304 U. S. 156, 158; United States v.
Wabash R. R. Co., 321 U. S. 403.
No. 274. North Coast Transportation Company and Independent
Stages, Inc., appellants, v. The United States of America et al.; and
No. 275. North Coast Transportation Company and Independent
Stages, Inc., appellants, v. The United States of America et al. Ap-
peals from the District Court of the United States for the Northern
District of California. Per curiam: In No. 274 the appeal is dis-
missed. Hudson & Manhattan R. R. Co. v. Jersey City, 321 U. S. 755,
and cases cited. In No. 275 the motions to affirm are granted and the
judgment is affirmed. (1) C. & O. Ry. Co. v. United States, 283 U. S.
35, 42; (2) United States v. B. & O. R. R. Co., 293 U. S. 454, 465; (3)
Interstate Commerce Commission v. Jersey City, 322 U. S.
767, October Term, 1943, decided May 29, 1944).
-
(No.
No. 401. George Thornton, appellant, v. State of Mississippi.
Appeal from the Supreme Court of Mississippi. Per curiam: The
motion for leave to proceed in forma pauperis is granted. The appeal
is dismissed for want of jurisdiction. Sec. 237 (a), Judicial Code
as amended, 28 U. S. C., sec. 344 (a). Treating the papers whereon
the appeal was allowed as a petition for writ of certiorari as required
by sec. 237 (c) of the Judicial Code as amended, 28 U. S. C., sec. 344 (c),
certiorari is denied.
No. 290. C. B. Kennemer et al., petitioners, v. C. B. Billington et al.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of Appeals for
the Fifth Circuit denied for failure to comply with paragraph 2 of
Rule 38 of the Rules of this Court. The brief filed in support of the
petition is not "direct and concise" as required by that rule.
The Chief Justice said:
"The other orders of the Court appear upon the list certified by the
Chief Justice and filed with the Clerk and will not be announced
orally."
No. 10, original. The United States of America, complainant, v.
The State of Wyoming. The motion for leave to file the complaint is
granted and process is ordered to issue returnable within 60 days.

MONDAY, OCTOBER 9, 1944
No.. Ex parte George Acret, petitioner;
No. Ex parte Carl Mingione, petitioner; and
-
5
No.. Daisy D. Wilson, petitioner, v. Ralph S. Hinman. The mo-
tions for leave to file petitions for writs of mandamus are denied.
No.. Ex parte Andrew Barnett, petitioner;
No. Ex parte A. B. Farmer, petitioner;
No.. Ex parte Booker T. George, petitioner;
No.. Ex parte Joseph Jack Giasulla, petitioner;
No.. Ex parte Robert Jones, petitioner;
-
No. Ex parte Benjamin H. Jones, petitioner;
No.. Ex parte James Reno, petitioner;
-.
No. John W. Wharton, petitioner, v. Joseph E. Ragen, Warden;
No.. Ex parte Ben F. Mason, petitioner. The motions for leave
to file petitions for writs of habeas corpus are denied.
No.
Ex parte Charles Caulo, petitioner; and
No.. Ex parte William M. Lee, petitioner. The motions for leave
to file petitions for writs of habeas corpus are denied. Treating the
papers as petitions for writs of certiorari, certiorari is denied.
-
No. Ex parte Arthur E. Fake, petitioner. The motions for leave
to file petitions for writs of habeas corpus and mandamus are denied.
No. Ex parte Raymond Paul Hile, petitioner. The motion for
leave to file petition for writ of habeas corpus and for other relief is
denied.
No. Ex parte A. D. Young, petitioner. The motion for leave
to file petition for writ of habeas corpus is denied. The application
for other relief is also denied.
No.. Ex parte Percy Berry, petitioner;
No.. Ex parte Reuben S. Brewer, petitioner;
No.. Ex parte Harry Duncombe, petitioner;
No.
Ex parte James Dougherty, petitioner;
No. Ex parte Joseph Jackson, petitioner;
-
.
No.. Ex parte Milton James, petitioner; and
No.. Ex parte Andrew Scott, petitioner. The applications are
denied.
No.. Ella H. Tinkoff et al., petitioners, v. Ben Gold, Trustee, etc.
The motion to set aside the order denying an extension of time within
which to file petition for writ of certiorari is denied.
No. 39. Wilbur V. Keegan, petitioner, v. The United States of
America. On consideration of the suggestion of a diminution of the
record and a motion for a writ of certiorari in that relation, the motion
for certiorari is denied.

MONDAY, OCTOBER 9, 1944
6
No. 47. The United States of America et al., appellants, v. The
Pennsylvania Railroad Company et al.; and
No. 48. The Pennsylvania Railroad Company et al., appellants, v.
The United States of America et al. These cases are assigned for
argument on Monday, January 8, 1945.
No. 64. O. C. Tomkins, petitioner, v. The State of Missouri; and
No. 102. Charles Williams, petitioner, v. Paul E. Kaiser, Warden,
etc. It is ordered that John Raeburn Green, Esq., of St. Louis, Mo., a
member of the bar of this Court, be appointed to serve as counsel for
the petitioners in these cases.
No. 205. In re Clyde Wilson Summers, petitioner. A rule is
ordered to issue, returnable within 30 days, requiring the Supreme
Court of Illinois to show cause why the record in this proceeding should
not be certified to this Court and also why the petition for writ of
certiorari herein should not be granted.
No. 110. Chase Securities Corporation, now known as Amerex
Holding Corporation, appellant, v. Frank A. Donaldson et al., etc.;
No. 115. State Farm Mutual Automobile Insurance Company, an
Illinois Corporation, appellant, v. Morvin Duel, Commissioner, etc.;
and
No. 182. The Pennsylvania Railroad Company et al., appellants, v.
The United States of America et al. In these cases probable jurisdic-
tion is noted.
No. 388. Federal Public Housing Authority, formerly United
States Housing Authority, appellant, v. George Guckenberger,
Auditor, etc., et al. In this case probable jurisdiction is noted and
the case is transferred to the summary docket and assigned for argu-
ment immediately following No. 69.
No. 88. Ella F. Fondren and the estate of W. W. Fondren, deceased,
et al., petitioners, v. Commissioner of Internal Revenue. Petition for
writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit
granted.
No. 126. Charles E. Merrill, petitioner, v. John L. Fahs, United
States Collector of Internal Revenue for the District of Florida. Pe-
tition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of Appeals for the
Fifth Circuit granted.
No. 134. The United States, petitioner, v. Louis Townsley. Peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the Court of Claims granted.
No. 137. Prudence Realization Corporation, petitioner, v. Joseph
W. Ferris et al., trustees, etc. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
Supreme Court of New York granted.

MONDAY, OCTOBER 9, 1944
7
No. 148. Webre Steib Company, Ltd., petitioner, v. Commissioner
of Internal Revenue. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit
Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit granted.
No. 188. Albert E. McKenzie, as Trustee in bankruptcy of Graves-
Quinn Corporation, petitioner, v. Irving Trust Company. Petition for
writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals of New York granted.
No. 189. The Connecticut Light and Power Company, petitioner,
v. Federal Power Commission. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
United States Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia granted.
No. 192. Willis E. Giese, petitioner, v. The United States of
America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court
of Appeals for the District of Columbia granted.
No. 200. Order of Railway Conductors of America, H. W. Fraser,
as President, etc., et al., petitioners, v. The Pennsylvania Railroad
Company et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia granted.
No. 226. Republic Aviation Corporation, petitioner, v. National
Labor Relations Board. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit
Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit granted.
No. 265. Clarence W. Blair, petitioner, v. Baltimore & Ohio Rail-
road Company. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court
of Pennsylvania granted.
No. 279. Canadian Aviator, Limited, petitioner, v. The United
States of America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court
of Appeals for the Third Circuit granted.
No. 287. John Barr, petitioner, v. The United States of America.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Customs
& Patent Appeals granted.
No. 294. City Bank Farmers Trust Company, formerly known as
the Farmers Loan and Trust Company, as Administrator, etc., peti-
tioner, v. George T. McGowan, Collector of Internal Revenue, etc. Pe-
tition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of Appeals for the
Second Circuit granted.
No. 335. Hattie Mae Tiller, Executor of the estate of John Lewis
Tiller, deceased, petitioner, v. Atlantic Coast Line Railroad Company.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of Appeals for the
Fourth Circuit granted.
No. 342. Robert R. Young, petitioner, v. The Higbee Company,
William W. Boag, and J. F. Potts. Petition for writ of certiorari to
the Circuit Court of Appeals for the Sixth Circuit granted.

MONDAY, OCTOBER 9, 1944
8
No. 118. Industrial Addition Association, petitioner, v. Commis-
sioner of Internal Revenue. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
Circuit Court of Appeals for the Sixth Circuit granted and case trans-
ferred to the summary docket.
No. 160. Elgin, Joliet and Eastern Railway Company, petitioner,
v. G. W. Burley et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit
Court of Appeals for the Seventh Circuit granted and case transferred
to the summary docket.
No. 181. The F. W. Fitch Company, petitioner, v. The United States
of America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of
Appeals for the Eighth Circuit granted and case transferred to the
summary docket.
No. 207. Lena Rosenman et al., as Executors, etc., petitioners, v.
The United States. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of
Claims granted and case transferred to the summary docket.
No. 307. Harry W. Cline, Trustee in Bankruptcy of Gold Medal
Laundries, Inc., petitioner, v. Arthur S. Kaplan et al. Petition for
writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of Appeals for the Seventh
Circuit granted and case transferred to the summary docket.
No. 322. Roscoe Herget, Trustee in Bankruptcy of N. L. Rogers &
Company, Inc., etc., petitioner, v. The Central National Bank & Trust
Company, etc. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of
Appeals for the Seventh Circuit granted and case transferred to the
summary docket.
No. 345. The North Shore Corporation, petitioner, v. Isadore Bar-
nett, J. F. Booth, et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit
Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit granted and case transferred
to the summary docket.
No. 346. The North Shore Corporation, petitioner, v. William J.
Scott, Rubin Knox, and W. M. Young. Petition for writ of cer-
tiorari to the Circuit Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit granted
and case transferred to the summary docket.
No. 86. Regal Knitwear Company, petitioner, v. National Labor
Relations Board. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court
of Appeals for the Second Circuit granted limited to the sixth ques-
tion presented by the petition for the writ and the case transferred to
the summary docket.
nue.
No. 93. W. G. Choate, petitioner, v. Commissioner of Internal Reve-
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of Appeals
for the Tenth Circuit granted limited to the second question presented
by the petition for the writ and the case transferred to the summary
docket.

MONDAY, OCTOBER 9, 1944
9
No. 161. National Metropolitan Bank, petitioner, v. The United
States of America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia granted and the case
transferred to the summary docket. Mr. Justice Murphy took no
part in the consideration or decision of this application.
No. 180. Georgia Hardwood Lumber Company, petitioner, v. Com-
pania de Navegacion Transmar, S. A., Owner of S. S. Kotor. Peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of Appeals for the
Fifth Circuit granted limited to the first and second questions pres-
ented by the petition for the writ and the case transferred to the
summary docket.
No. 220. The Scottish American Investment Company, Limited,
petitioner, v. Commissioner of Internal Revenue.
No. 221. British Assets Trust, Limited, petitioner, v. Commissioner
of Internal Revenue; and
No. 222. Second British Assets Trust, Limited, petitioner, v. Com-
missioner of Internal Revenue. Petition for writs of certiorari to the
Circuit Court of Appeals for the Third Circuit granted and cases
transferred to the summary docket and assigned for argument im-
mediately following No. 54.
No. 263. Fidelity-Philadelphia Trust Company et al., Executors,
etc., petitioners, v. Walter J. Rothensies, Individually, etc. Petition
for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of Appeals for the Third
Circuit granted limited to the question whether the entire value of
the corpus of the trust at the time of decedent's death should be in-
cluded in the decedent's gross estate. The case is transferred to the
summary docket.
No. 264. Guaranty Trust Company of New York, petitioner, v.
Grace W. York. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court
of Appeals for the Second Circuit granted limited to the first question
presented by the petition for the writ. The motion for leave to file.
additional record is denied. Mr. Justice Roberts and Mr. Justice
Douglas took no part in the consideration or decision of this appli-
cation.
No. 312. The United States, petitioner, v. Willow River Power Com-
pany. The motion for leave to print an abbreviated record is granted.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Claims granted.
No. 340. Lee F. Weiler, petitioner, v. The United States of America.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of Appeals for the
Third Circuit granted limited to the question presented by the peti-
tion for the writ which is stated as Question 1 in the respondent's
brief.

MONDAY, OCTOBER 9, 1944
10
No. 367. Morris Malinski and Sidney Rudish, petitioners, v. The
People of the State of New York. The motion for leave to proceed
in forma pauperis is granted. The petition for writ of certiorari to
the Court of Appeals of New York is also granted and the case is
assigned for argument on Monday, December 4th, next. The stay
heretofore granted is continued until final disposition of the case.
No. 77. Charles S. Lobingier, petitioner, v. The United States.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Claims denied.
No. 78. American Broach Employees Protective Association, peti-
tioner, v. National Labor Relations Board and American Broach &
Machine Company. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit
Court of Appeals for the Sixth Circuit denied.
No. 79. The Goodall Company, petitioner, v. Ruby E. Sartin; and
No. 80. The Goodall Company, petitioner, v. William Sartin. Peti-
tion for writs of certiorari to the Circuit Court of Appeals for the
Sixth Circuit denied.
No. 87. 46th Street Theatre Corporation and Select Operating Co.,
Inc., petitioners, v. Robert Wm. Christie. Petition for writ of cer-
tiorari to the Supreme Court of New York denied.
No. 91. Harry Sitamore, petitioner, v. Nathan Mayo, as State
Prison Custodian, et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme
Court of Florida denied.
No. 94. Fred T. Hogan, petitioner, v. Commissioner of Internal
Revenue. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of
Appeals for the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 95. Union Pacific Railroad Company, petitioner, v. Lila B.
Thatcher. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of
Oregon denied.
No. 96. Union Pacific Railroad Company, petitioner, v. Annabelle
C. Utterbach, William R. Utterbach, et al. Petition for writ of
certiorari to the Supreme Court of Oregon denied.
No. 97. Fletcher Trust Company, Trustees and Transferees, peti-
tioner, v. Commissioner of Internal Revenue. Petition for writ of
certiorari to the Circuit Court of Appeals for the Seventh Circuit
denied.
No. 100. Michael W. Albano, petitioner, v. Commonwealth of
Massachusetts. Petition for writ of certiorari to the District Court
of Springfield County, Massachusetts, denied.
No. 103. Harry Newman, Frederick Batchelor, Juan Uribe, et al.,
petitioners, v. United Fruit Company; and
597362-44- -3

MONDAY, OCTOBER 9, 1944
11
No. 360. United Fruit Company, petitioner, v. Harry Newman,
Frederick Batchelor, Juan Uribe, et al. Petitions for writs of cer-
tiorari to the Circuit Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit denied.
No. 104. Mary Sue Magruder, petitioner, v. Christine Magruder,
Harry F. Magruder, Alice E. Mose, et al. Petition for writ of cer-
tiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the District of
Columbia denied.
No. 105. David W. Wallace, petitioner, v. The United States of
America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of
Appeals for the Second Circuit denied.
No. 107. Forrest Smith, State Auditor of the State of Missouri,
petitioner, v. American Bridge Company. Petition for writ of cer-
tiorari to the Supreme Court of Missouri denied.
No. 108. Celia Strickland et al., petitioners, v. Humble Oil & Re-
fining Company et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit
Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 109. Samuel Zimberg and Max Goldberg, petitioners, v. The
United States of America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
Circuit Court of Appeals for the First Circuit denied.
No. 113. Benjamin H. Roth et al., copartners doing business under
the firm name of B. H. Roth & Co., petitioners, v. R. L. Hyer and
W. M. Davis and Son Company (a corporation). Petition for writ
of certiorari to the Circuit Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit
denied.
No. 114. American Mutual Liability Insurance Company, peti-
tioner, v. Mrs. Eugene Adler. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
Circuit Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 116. Despatch Shops, Inc., petitioner, v. Village of East
Rochester, George Schreib, Mayor, etc., et al. Petition for writ of
certiorari to the Court of Appeals of New York denied.
No. 119. Thomas J. Casey, Trustee, petitioner, v. John Hancock
Mutual Life Insurance Company. Petition for writ of certiorari to
the Circuit Court of Appeals for the First Circuit denied.
No. 120. Donald L. Underwood, Cora Underwood, et al., petition-
ers, v. Harold L. Ickes, Secretary of the Interior. Petition for writ of
certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the District of
Columbia denied.
No. 122. Clifton Maloney, as Executor under the last will and testa-
ment of Annie W. Chieves, deceased, et al., petitioners, v. The Board
of Directors of City Trusts of the City of Philadelphia, a corporation.

MONDAY, OCTOBER 9, 1944
12
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the District of Columbia denied.
No. 125. The Century Oxford Manufacturing Corporation, peti-
tioner, v. National Labor Relations Board. Petition for writ of cer-
tiorari to the Circuit Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit denied.
No. 127. Bankers Trust Company, as Trustee, et al., petitioners, v.
The People of the State of New York. Petition for writ of certio-
rari to the Circuit Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit denied.
No. 128. H. Lewis Brown, petitioner, v. Commissioner of Internal
Revenue. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of Ap-
peals for the Second Circuit denied.
No. 129. Robert W. Johnston, petitioner, v. Commissioner of In-
ternal Revenue; and
No. 130. T. Alice Klages, petitioner, v. Commissioner of Internal
Revenue. Petition for writs of certiorari to the Circuit Court of Ap-
peals for the Second Circuit denied.
No. 131. Eastern Wine Corporation, petitioner, v. G. H. Mumm
Champagne (Society Vinicole de Champagne, successors) et al. Peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of Appeals for the
Second Circuit denied.
No. 138. Graybar Electric Company, Inc., petitioner, v. New Am-
sterdam Casualty Company. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
Court of Appeals of New York denied.
No. 139. Harvey Gilmore Nicholson, petitioner, v. The United
States of America; and
No. 140. Albert Clanton Lowery, petitioner, v. The United States
of America. Petition for writs of certiorari to the Circuit Court of
Appeals for the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 141. Norman W. Minuse and Joseph E. H. Pelletier, petition-
ers, v. The United States of America. Petition for writ of certiorari
to the Circuit Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit denied.
No. 142. Leland H. Cameron, petitioner, v. Civil Aeronautics
Board. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of Appeals
for the Seventh Circuit denied.
No. 143. Moe Henry Hankin, petitioner, v. The United States of
America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of
Appeals for the Third Circuit denied.
No. 146. Samuel A. Miller, as Trustee in bankruptcy of the estate
of John Barrymore, Bankrupt, petitioner, v. Roland Rich Woolley.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of Appeals for the
Ninth Circuit denied.

MONDAY, OCTOBER 9, 1944
13
No. 147. Southern Railway Company, petitioner, v. Pauline G.
Jester, as Administratrix of the estate of Claude V. Jester, deceased.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of South Carolina.
denied.
No. 157. The United States of America, ex rel. Arthur Johnston,
petitioner, v. Peter B. Carey, Sheriff of Cook County, Illinois. Peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of Appeals for the Sev-
enth Circuit denied.
No. 162. J. L. Greene and Hazel McCormick Greene, petitioners, v.
Commissioner of Internal Revenue. Petition for writ of certiorari
to the Circuit Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 168. Commonwealth of Pennsylvania, petitioner, v. Vincent
Conte. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Superior Court of Penn-
sylvania denied.
No. 171. Willard Saxby Townsend et al., petitioners, v. The New
York Central Railroad Company et al. Petition for writ of certiorari
to the Circuit Court of Appeals for the Seventh Circuit denied.
No. 172. William Peitzman (now William A. Riley) et al., doing
business as U. S. Elevated Tank Maintenance Company, petitioners, v.
City of Illmo, a municipal corporation. Petition for writ of certiorari
to the Circuit Court of Appeals for the Eighth Circuit denied.
No. 174. William I. Bassett, also known as William Bassett, peti-
tioner, v. Margaret Helen Bassett. Petition for writ of certiorari to
the Circuit Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit denied.
No. 175. The Lincoln National Life Insurance Company of Fort
Wayne, Indiana, petitioner, v. Elma Custer. Petition for writ of cer-
tiorari to the Circuit Court of Appeals for the Seventh Circuit denied.
No. 176. State of North Dakota, petitioner, v. Raphael Jerome
Szarkowski, Bankrupt. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit
Court of Appeals for the Eighth Circuit denied.
No. 239. The State of North Dakota, petitioner, v. John A. Stanton.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of Appeals for the
Eighth Circuit denied.
No. 177. J. M. Ledbetter, Jr., administrator c. t. a. of the estate of
Robert L. Steele III et al., petitioners, v. Farmers Bank & Trust Com-
pany et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of
Appeals for the Fourth Circuit denied.
No. 179. Guy A. Thompson, Trustee of the Missouri Pacific Rail-
road Company, petitioner, v. Sherman M. Godsby. Petition for writ
of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Missouri denied.

MONDAY, OCTOBER 9, 1944
14
No. 183. Conrad Marino and Gabriel Vigorito, petitioners, v. The
United States of America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Cir-
cuit Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit denied.
No. 186. Floyd L. Land, petitioner, v. Ethel Rosenberg Bass, joined
by her husband and next friend, Walter C. Bass. Petition for writ of
certiorari to the Circuit Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 187. The Evergreens, petitioner, v. Commissioner of Internal
Revenue. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of Ap-
peals for the Second Circuit denied.
No. 191. John K. Beretta, petitioner, v. Commissioner of Internal
Revenue. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of
Appeals for the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 195. William J. Soeder and Edward A. Soeder, petitioners, v.
The United States of America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
Circuit Court of Appeals for the Sixth Circuit denied.
No. 202. Landis Machine Company, petitioner, v. Chaso Tool Com-
pany, Inc. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of
Appeals for the Sixth Circuit denied.
No. 203. Manufacturers' Finance Company, petitioner, v. Dave
Marks, Trustee in Bankruptcy of Belmont Candy Company, Bank-
rupt. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of Appeals
for the Sixth Circuit denied.
No. 206. Florence Hills Rogers, petitioner, v. Solomon Raffe,
Trustee in Bankruptcy of Alfred M. Rogers. Petition for writ of
certiorari to the Circuit Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit
denied.
No. 208. William B. Belknap, petitioner, v. Ann Manning De
Ridder McAndrews et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit
Court of Appeals for the Sixth Circuit denied.
No. 209. Magnolia Petroleum Company, petitioner, v. The United
States. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Claims denied.
No. 210. Harry M. Kohn, petitioner, v. The People of the State of
New York. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals of
New York denied.
No. 215. Frederic Leake, petitioner, v. Commissioner of Internal
Revenue. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of Ap-
peals for the Sixth Circuit denied.
No. 216. Byron J. Walters, petitioner, v. Edith Maud Wilson. Pe-
tition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of Appeals for the
Ninth Circuit denied.

MONDAY, OCTOBER 9, 1944
15
No. 217. Ralph Kopelove and Ralph Schear, petitioners, v. Joe
Sherman, Max Robinson, et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
Supreme Court of Tennessee denied.
No. 224. Elastic Stop Nut Corporation, petitioner, v. National
Labor Relations Board. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit
Court of Appeals for the Eighth Circuit denied.
No. 225. Clarence Paul Domres, petitioner, v. The United States
of America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of
Appeals for the Seventh Circuit denied.
No. 227. Francisco Ballester-Ripoll, petitioner, v. Court of Tax
Appeals of Puerto Rico et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
Circuit Court of Appeals for the First Circuit denied.
No. 228. Sun Life Assurance Company of Canada, petitioner, v.
Ruth P. Bull. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of
Appeals for the Seventh Circuit denied.
No. 229. Stanley Taylor, petitioner, v. The United States of Amer-
ica. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of Appeals for
the Ninth Circuit denied.
No. 230. Flora Coyne et al., petitioners, v. Simrall Corporation
et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of Appeals
for the Sixth Circuit denied.
No. 231. General Exporting Company, petitioner, v. Star Transfer
Line and Southard & Co., Ltd. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
Supreme Court of Michigan denied.
No. 234. Grieder Machine Tool & Die Company, petitioner, v. Na-
tional Labor Relations Board. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
Circuit Court of Appeals for the Sixth Circuit denied.
No. 237. Fred E. Hummel, Trustee for Monark Freight System,
Inc., bankrupt, petitioner, v. Emil Hrabak. Petition for writ of cer-
tiorari to the Circuit Court of Appeals for the Sixth Circuit denied.
No. 238. Seldon R. Glenn, Collector of Internal Revenue, peti-
tioner, v. Eleanor Beard. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Cir-
cuit Court of Appeals for the Sixth Circuit denied.
No. 241. Allison Bishopric et al., petitioners, v. City of Jackson
et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Missis-
sippi denied.
No. 246. New York State Guernsey Breeders' Co-operative, Inc.,
petitioner, v. Claude R. Wickard, Secretary of Agriculture, etc. Peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of Appeals for the
Second Circuit denied.

MONDAY, OCTOBER 9, 1944
16
No. 247. New York Handkerchief Mfg. Co., petitioner, v. The
United States of America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Cir-
cuit Court of Appeals for the Seventh Circuit denied.
No. 268. The 18th Street Leader Stores, Inc., petitioner, v. The
United States of America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Cir-
cuit Court of Appeals for the Seventh Circuit denied.
No. 251. The County of Westchester et al., petitioners, v. The
United States of America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Cir-
cuit Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit denied.
No. 254. Northwestern Mutual Fire Association et al., petitioners,
v. National Labor Relations Board. Petition for writ of certiorari to
the Circuit Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit denied.
No. 257. The Russian Greek Catholic Church of St. John The Bap-
tist et al., petitioners, v. Maurice F. McAuliffe et al. Petition for writ
of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Errors of Connecticut denied.
No. 260. Cummer-Graham Company, petitioner, v. Straight Side
Basket Corporation. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit
Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 267. Bankers Mortgage Company, petitioner, v. Commissioner
of Internal Revenue. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit
Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 272. Saulsbury Oil Company, petitioner, v. Phillips Petroleum
Company et al.; and
No. 273. Phillips Petroleum Company et al., petitioners, v. Sauls-
bury Oil Company. Petitions for writs of certiorari to the Circuit
Court of Appeals for the Tenth Circuit denied.
No. 276. Joseph E. Weymann, petitioner, v. The United States of
America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of
Appeals for the Third Circuit denied.
No. 277. United States Trust Company of New York, executor of
Lewis Cass Ledyard, Jr., deceased, petitioner, v. Commissioner of
Internal Revenue. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court
of Appeals for the Second Circuit denied.
No. 278. Compania Trasatlantica (formerly Compania Trasatlan-
tica Administrada Por El Estado), petitioner, v. S. S. Manuel Arnus,
her engines, etc., et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit
Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 280. Harry Kortz, petitioner, v. The Guardian Life Insurance
Company of America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit
Court of Appeals for the Tenth Circuit denied.

MONDAY, OCTOBER 9, 1944
17
No. 285. Richard Harry Layton, petitioner, v. State of Oregon.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Oregon denied.
No. 286. Aluminum Company of America, petitioner, v. Commis-
sioner of Internal Revenue. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
Circuit Court of Appeals for the Third Circuit denied.
No. 289. W. S. D. Smith, petitioner, v. The United States of Amer-
ica. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of Appeals
for the Ninth Circuit denied.
No. 292. Mutual Fire Insurance Company of Germantown, peti-
tioner, v. The United States of America. Petition for writ of certio-
rari to the Circuit Court of Appeals for the Third Circuit denied.
No. 293. Mutual Benefit Health & Accident Association, petitioner,
v. United Casualty Company, a corporation, et al. Petition for writ
of certiorari to the Circuit Court of Appeals for the First Circuit
denied.
No. 297. Clifford Littel Le Duc, petitioner, v. Normal Park Pres-
byterian Church, an Illinois Religious Corporation. Petition for writ
of certiorari to the Circuit Court of Appeals for the Seventh Circuit
denied.
No. 298. Peyton Packing Company, Inc., petitioner, v. National
Labor Relations Board. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit
Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 300. Jacob Dvorkin, petitioner, v. The United States. Petition
for writ of certiorari to the Court of Claims denied.
- No. 301. Arner Company, Inc., et al., petitioners, v. The United
States of America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court
of Appeals for the First Circuit denied.
No. 304. Eugene Dietzgen Co., petitioner, v. Federal Trade Com-
mission. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of
Appeals for the Seventh Circuit denied.
No. 308. William Cammick Wagoner, petitioner, v. The United
States of America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court
of Appeals for the Seventh Circuit denied.
No. 309. State of Texas et al., petitioners, v. Tabasco Consolidated
Independent School District. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
Circuit Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 310. Sinclair Refining Company, petitioner, v. Conway P. Coe,
Commissioner of Patents. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United
States Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia denied..

MONDAY, OCTOBER 9, 1944
18
No. 315. W. C. Laycock et al., petitioners, v. Hidalgo County Water
Control & Improvement District No. 12, et al. Petition for writ of
certiorari to the Circuit Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit
denied.
No. 316. Raladam Company, as claimant of 62 packages, more or
less, of Marmola Prescription Tablets, petitioner, v. The United
States of America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court.
of Appeals for the Seventh Circuit denied.
No. 317. J. Sterling Rockefeller, petitioner, v. Commissioner of In-
ternal Revenue. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court
of Appeals for the Second Circuit denied.
No. 318. Chicago & Eastern Illinois Railroad Company, petitioner,
v. James E. Waddell. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit
Court of Appeals for the Seventh Circuit denied.
No. 320. Trustees of The Internal Improvement Fund et al., peti-
tioners, v. Southwest Tampa Storm Sewer Drainage District et al.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of Appeals for the
Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 323. Fairchester Oil Co., Inc., petitioner, v. First National
Bank of New Rochelle. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme
Court of New York denied.
No. 325. May R. Keiferdorf, petitioner, v. Commissioner of Inter-
nal Revenue. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of
Appeals for the Ninth Circuit denied.
No. 329. Zola Burdon, Administratrix of the estate of Robert
Burdon, deceased, petitioner, v. Clarence Wood. Petition for writ of
certiorari to the Circuit Court of Appeals for the Seventh Circuit
denied.
No. 330. The People of the State of Illinois, ex rel. Reconstruction
Finance Corporation, etc., et al., petitioners, v. Board of Education of
the City of Chicago et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Su-
preme Court of Illinois denied.
No. 331. F. J. Lewis, petitioner, v. Board of Education of the City
of Chicago et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court
of Illinois denied.
No. 332. Irving K. Hutchinson et al., petitioners, v. Board of Edu-
cation of the City of Chicago et al. Petition for writ of certiorari
to the Supreme Court of Illinois denied.
No. 336. Thomas V. Novotny, Sr., petitioner, v. The People of the
State of Illinois, ex rel. The Chicago Bar Association. Petition for
writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Illinois denied.
597362-44-4

⚫
MONDAY, OCTOBER 9, 1944
19
No. 343. Kyle E. Stant and Stant Manufacturing Company, peti-
tioners, v. Container Patents Corporation. Petition for writ of cer-
tiorari to the Circuit Court of Appeals for the Seventh Circuit denied.
No. 344. Anthony Ludwig and Kenneth B. Ludwig, a minor, peti-
tioners, v. A. Margueritte Schear. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
United States Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia denied.
No. 348. Edna Albright, widow of Clayton L. Albright, deceased,
petitioner, v. The Pennsylvania Railroad Company, a body corporate,
etc. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals of Mary-
land denied.
No. 349. Springfield Sand & Tile Co. et al., petitioners, v. James
Bagnel. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of Ap-
peals for the First Circuit denied.
No. 350. Employers Group of Motor Freight Carriers, Inc., et al.,
petitioners, v. National War Labor Board et al. Petition for writ of
certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the District of
Columbia denied.
No. 363. Ernest Walker Sawyer, petitioner, v. Crowell Publishing
Company. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of Ap-
peals for the Second Circuit denied.
No. 382. Selchow & Righter Company, petitioner, v. Western
Printing & Lithographing Company et al. Petition for writ of cer-
tiorari to the Circuit Court of Appeals for the Seventh Circuit denied.
No. 383. Edward McGrew, petitioner, v. Francis R. Harbison; and
No. 384. Edward McGrew, petitioner, v. William P. Simmons. Pe-
tition for writs of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Pennsylvania
denied.
No. 397. Nellie Dale Clemens, petitioner, v. William L. Clemens.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the District of Columbia denied.
✓ No. 398. Lieut. William Downey, U. S. A., et al., petitioners, v. The
Hon. Dwight H. Green, ex officio in the capacity hereinafter desig-
nated. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of Appeals
for the Seventh Circuit denied.
No. 60. Victor J. Garity, petitioner, v. The People of the State of
New York. The motion to proceed on typewritten papers is granted.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of New York
denied for the reason that application therefor was not made within
the time provided by law. Sec. 8 (a), Act of February 13, 1925 (43,
Stat. 936, 940), 28 U. S. C., sec. 350.

MONDAY, OCTOBER 9, 1944
20
No. 89. Repplier Coal Company, petitioner, v. Commissioner of
Internal Revenue; and
No. 90. Repplier Coal Company, petitioner, v. Commissioner of
Internal Revenue. The motion of certain attorneys for leave to file a
brief as amici curiae is granted. Petition for writs of certiorari to the
Circuit Court of Appeals for the Third Circuit denied.
No. 101. C. E. Groesbeck, C. V. Graham, et al., petitioners, v. Dora
Goldstein. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of
Appeals for the Second Circuit denied. Mr. Justice Douglas and Mr.
Justice Jackson took no part in the consideration or decision of this
application.
No. 111. Mary Stevens Baird, petitioner, v. Arthur H. Franklin,
Treasurer of the New York Stock Exchange, et al.; and
No. 112. The New York Yacht Club, petitioner, v. Arthur H.
Franklin, Treasurer of the New York Stock Exchange, et al. Peti-
tions for writs of certiorari to the Circuit Court of Appeals for the
Second Circuit denied. Mr. Justice Douglas took no part in the con-
sideration or decision of these applications.
No. 133. W. Coffee, individually and as trustee for Ruth Coffee
Coble, et al., petitioners, v. The Shamrock Oil and Gas Corporation.
The motion of certain attorneys for leave to file brief as amici curiae
is granted. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of
Appeals for the Fifth Circuit denied.
.No. 135. Stanley H. Borak, petitioner, v. Francis Biddle, as At-
torney General of the United States. The motion for leave to proceed
on typewritten papers is granted. Petition for writ of certiorari to
the United States Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia
denied.
No. 144. Lawrence Baking Company, petitioner, v. Michigan Un-
employment Compensation Commission. Petition for writ of certi-
orari to the Supreme Court of Michigan denied. Mr. Justice Murphy
took no part in the consideration or decision of this application.
No. 145. City of Winter Haven et al., petitioners, v. W. J. Meredith,
James G. Martin, and A. R. Ohmart. The motion to withdraw the
appearance of Miller Walton as counsel for petitioner is granted.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of Appeals for the
Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 155. Ernest H. Denicke and Mary E. Doble, petitioners, v. The
Anglo California National Bank of San Francisco et al.;
No. 196. Ernest H. Denicke, petitioner, v. R. D. Brigham, Walter
E. Buck, et al.; and

MONDAY, OCTOBER 9, 1944
21
No. 197. Mary E. Doble, petitioner, v. Walter E. Buck, R. Stanley
Dollar, et al. The motions for enlargement of the records are denied.
Petitions for writs of certiorari to the Circuit Court of Appeals for
the Ninth Circuit denied.
No. 170. Glenn Clark and James Pontralo, petitioners, v. State of
Iowa. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Iowa
denied for the reason that application therefor was not made within
the time provided by law. Sec. 8 (a), Act of February 13, 1925 (43
Stat. 936, 940), 28 U. S. C., sec. 350.
No. 201. The United Gas Improvement Company, petitioner, v.
Commissioner of Internal Revenue. Petition for writ of certiorari to
the Circuit Court of Appeals for the Third Circuit denied. The Chief
Justice took no part in the consideration or decision of this application.
No. 151. Norman G. Baker, petitioner, v. Walter A. Hunter,
Warden, etc. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of
Appeals for the Tenth Circuit denied for the reason that the case is
moot.
No. 240. Bertha A. Owens, Executrix of the estate of Lyle F. Owens,
deceased, petitioner, v. Union Pacific Railroad Company. The mo-
tion to use the certified record in No. 580, October Term, 1942, is
granted. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of Ap-
peals for the Ninth Circuit denied.
No. 266. William Alfred Lucking and Margaret Holmes Davis,
petitioners, v. First National Bank-Detroit and National Bank of
Detroit. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of Ap-
peals for the Sixth Circuit denied. Mr. Justice Reed took no part
in the consideration or decision of this application.
No. 281. Samuel Sandberg et al., petitioners, v. New England
Novelty Co., Inc. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Superior Court
in and for the County of Worcester, Mass., denied. Mr. Justice Mur-
phy is of opinion that certiorari should be granted.
No. 313. The United States of America, petitioner, v. Willard F.
Van Pelt. The motion of respondent for leave to proceed in forma
pauperis is granted. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit
Court of Appeals for the Sixth Circuit denied.
No. 358. State of Minnesota, petitioner, v. Trustees of Hamline
University of Minnesota; and
No. 359. State of Minnesota, petitioner, v. Trustees of Hamline
University of Minnesota. Petitions for writs of certiorari to the Su-
preme Court of Minnesota denied. Mr. Justice Douglas took no part
in the consideration or decision of these applications.

MONDAY, OCTOBER 9, 1944
22
No. 123. Frank Kuczynski, petitioner, v. Ora H. Cox, Warden, U. S.
Medical Center. On petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit
Court of Appeals for the Eighth Circuit;
No. 124. Edward R. Handler, petitioner, v. The United States of
America. On petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of
Appeals for the Second Circuit;
No. 156. William B. Doak, petitioner, v. Federal Land Bank of
Baltimore. On petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court
of Appeals for the Fourth Circuit ;
No. 158. Charles Webb, petitioner, v. Joseph E. Ragen, Warden,
etc. On petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of
Illinois;
No. 159. The People of the State of New York, ex rel. John P.
Smith, petitioner, v. Vernon A. Morhous, as Warden, etc. On peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the Washington County Court, State of
New York;
No. 163. The People of the State of New York ex rel. Michael
Montagno, petitioner, v. Vernon A. Morhous, as Warden, etc. On
petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of New York;
No. 164. James Jessie Adams, petitioner, v. Walter Nierstheimer,
Warden, etc. On petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court
of Illinois;
No. 165. Jake Wahley, petitioner, v. The United States of America.
On petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of Appeals for
the Fifth Circuit;
No. 190. Theodore James Audett, petitioner, v. James A. Johnston,
Warden, etc. On petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of
Appeals for the Ninth Circuit;
No. 193. William W. Bolds, petitioner, v. Joseph E. Ragen, Warden,
etc. On petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of
Illinois;
No. 198. Russell Grant, petitioner, v. The People of the State of
Illinois. On petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of
Illinois;
No. 213. Willie Davis, petitioner, v. Joseph E. Ragen, Warden,
etc. On petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of
Illinois;
No. 214. Chauncey Tuttle, petitioner, v. Joseph E. Ragen, Warden,
etc. On petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of
Illinois;
No. 235. Harry Yetter, petitioner, v. People of the State of Illinois.
On petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Illinois;

MONDAY, OCTOBER 9, 1944
23
No. 236. George Way, petitioner, v. Walter Nierstheimer, Warden,
etc. On petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of
Illinois;
No. 243. Clyde Jones, petitioner, v. Hon. Ernest R. Stewart, as
regular judge, etc. On petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme
Court of Indiana;
No. 245. Cecil Smith, petitioner, v. Joseph E. Ragen, Warden, etc.,
On petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Illinois;
No. 255. Leonard B. Colwell, petitioner, v. George D. Epstein et al.
On petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of Appeals for
the First Circuit;
No. 256. Walter A. Leimer, petitioner, v. Fred B. Hulse et al. On
petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Missouri;
No. 269. Charles Arthur Nesselrotte, petitioner, v. The United
States of America;
No. 270. George Emanuel Black, petitioner, v. The United States
of America. On petitions for writs of certiorari to the Circuit Court
of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit;
No. 282. Lillian E. Ravenscroft, petitioner, v. George A. Casey et
al. On petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of Appeals
for the Second Circuit;
No. 283. Oliver Bradford, petitioner, v. Joseph E. Ragen, Warden,
etc. On petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of
Illinois;
No. 288. Thomas Bass, petitioner, v Commonwealth of Kentucky.
On petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals of Kentucky;
No. 302. William Williams, petitioner, v. Joseph E. Ragen, War-
den, etc. On petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of
Illinois;
No. 303. Robert Bradshaw, petitioner, v. Joseph E. Ragen, Warden,
etc. On petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of
Illinois;
No. 305. Matthew Nowak, petitioner, v. The People of the State
of Illinois. On petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court
of Illinois;
No. 306. Maurice Maloney, petitioner, v. State of Missouri. On
petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Missouri;
No. 326. Jerry King, petitioner, v. Bert O. Webb, Superintendent,
etc. On petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of
Washington;
No. 328. Melvin Tresize, petitioner, v. Joseph E. Ragen, Warden,
etc. On petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of
Illinois:

MONDAY, OCTOBER 9, 1944
24
No. 333. Leslie Simpson, petitioner, v.
petitioner, v. Walter Neirstheimer,
Warden, etc. On petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court
of Illinois;
No. 356. Chesteen McConnell, petitioner, v. State of Indiana. On
petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Indiana;
No. 357. Fred Steffler, petitioner, v. The United States of America.
On petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of Appeals for
the Seventh Circuit;
No. 364. Charles Rozea, petitioner, v. The People of the State of
New York. On petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court
of New York;
No. 389. Eddie Duncan, petitioner, v. Joseph E. Ragen, Warden,
etc. On petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of
Illinois; and
No. 416. Gust Pappas, petitioner, v. State of Michigan. On peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Michigan. The
motions for leave to proceed in forma pauperis in these cases are
granted. The petitions for writs of certiorari are denied.
No. 169. Albert E. Cash, petitioner, v. Ray L. Huff, General Super-
intendent, etc. The motion for leave to proceed in forma pauperis
is granted. The motion to substitute Howard B. Gill as the party
respondent is also granted. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
Circuit Court of Appeals for the Fourth Circuit denied.
No. 173. Ben F. Mason, petitioner, v. Bert O. Webb, Superintend-
ent, etc. The motion for leave to proceed in forma pauperis is granted.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Washington
denied for want of a final judgment.
No. 223. Ben F. Mason, petitioner, v. Bert O. Webb, Superin-
tendent, etc. The motion for leave to proceed in forma pauperis
is granted. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of
Washington denied for want of reviewable judgment of the highest
court of the state.
No. 248. Ben F. Mason, petitioner, v. Bert O. Webb, Superin-
tendent, etc. The motion for leave to proceed in forma pauperis is
granted. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of
Appeals for the Ninth Circuit denied.
No. 185. H. Dulaney Mitchell, alias H. D. Morton, petitioner, v.
The United States of America. The motion for leave to proceed
in forma pauperis is granted. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
Circuit Court of Appeals for the Tenth Circuit denied for the reason
that application therefor was not made within the time provided
by law. Rule XI of the Criminal Appeals Rules, 292 U. S. 665–666.

MONDAY, OCTOBER 9, 1944
25
No. 199. Walter Brown, petitioner, v. Joseph E. Ragen, Warden,
etc. On petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of
Illinois;
No. 249. William Buckhalter, petitioner, v. Joseph E. Ragen, War-
den, etc. On petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of
Illinois;
No. 250. Walter Turner, petitioner, v. Joseph E. Ragen, Warden,
etc. On petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of
Illinois;
No. 258. Albert C. Wood, petitioner, v. Joseph E. Ragen, Warden,
etc. On petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of
Illinois;
No. 327. George Parker, petitioner, v. Joseph E. Ragen, Warden,
etc. On petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of
Illinois;
No. 366. Thomas Fife, petitioner, v. Joseph E. Ragen, Warden, etc.
On petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Illinois;
and
No. 375. Peter Schroers, petitioner, v. W. Nierstheimer, Warden,
etc. On petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of
Illinois. The motions for leave to proceed in forma pauperis are
granted. The petitions for writs of certiorari are denied for the
reason that application therefor was not made within the time pro-
vided by law. Sec. 8 (a), Act of February 13, 1925 (43 Stat. 936,
940), 28 U. S. C., sec. 350.
No. 242. Nicholas Cavallucci, petitioner, v. Commonwealth of Penn-
sylvania. The motion for leave to proceed in forma pauperis is
granted. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of
Pennsylvania denied. The motion for leave to file petition for writ
of habeas corpus is also denied.
No. 252. Samuel H. Foxall, petitioner, v. Joseph E. Ragen, Warden,
etc. The motion for leave to proceed in forma pauperis is granted.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Illinois denied
for the reason that application therefor was not made within the time
provided by law. Sec. 8 (a), Act of February 13, 1925 (43 Stat. 936,
940), 28 U. S. C., sec. 350. The motion for leave to file petition for
writ of habeas corpus is also denied.
No. 284. Sam Miner, petitioner, v. Joseph E. Ragen, Warden, etc.
The motion for leave to proceed in forma pauperis is granted. Petition
for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Illinois denied. The
application for other relief is also denied.

MONDAY, OCTOBER 9, 1944
26
No. 365. Fred Porter, petitioner, v. Joseph E. Ragen, Warden, etc.
On petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Illinois;
No. 374. Raymond Mimee, petitioner, v. The People of the State of
California. On petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of
California; and
No. 407. Albert Morris, petitioner, v. The People of the State of
California. On petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court
of California. The motions for leave to proceed in forma pauperis are
granted. The petitions for writs of certiorari are denied. The mo-
tions for leave to file petitions for writs of habeas corpus are also
denied.
No. 1064, October Term, 1942. Milton Prebyl, appellant, v. The
Prudential Insurance Company of America et al. The motion for
leave to file a third petition for rehearing is denied. Mr. Justice
Roberts and Mr. Justice Douglas took no part in the consideration or
decision of this application.
No. October Term, 1943. Ex parte Allen Dixon, petitioner;
-
No., October Term, 1943. Ex parte Burkett Patterson, peti-
tioner;
No. 33, October Term. 1943. Northwest Airlines, Inc., petitioner, v.
State of Minnesota;
No. 217, October Term, 1943. Wilma E. Addison et al., petitioners,
v. Holly Hill Fruit Products, Inc.;
No. 433, October Term, 1943. W. D. Lyons, petitioner, v. The State
of Oklahoma;
No. 497, October Term, 1943. Mario Mercado E. Hijos, petitioner,
v. Elvira Olivieri Commins et al.;
No. 716, October Term, 1943. The United States of America, appel-
lant, v. Clyde Saylor et al.;
No. 717, October Term, 1943. The United States of America, appel-
lant, v. Clarence Poer et al.;
No. 744, October Term, 1943. Kenneth J. Nelson, petitioner, v. Bert
C. Webb, Superintendent, etc.;
No. 750, October Term, 1943. Valdo B. Schita, petitioner, v. Dr.
M. J. Pescor, Warden, etc.;
No. 828, October Term, 1943. George Phillips, petitioner, v. The
People of the State of New York;
No. 940, October Term, 1943. Anastasio A. Ylagan, petitioner, v.
The United States;
No. 948, October Term, 1943. Wm. H. Fitzpatrick, petitioner, v.
W. Nierstheimer, Warden, etc.;
597362-44- -5

MONDAY, OCTOBER 9, 1944
27
No. 954, October Term, 1943. James N. Roney et al., petitioners, v.
The Federal Land Bank of Louisville, Kentucky;
No. 961, October Term, 1943. Ralph W. White, Administrator, etc.,
et al., petitioners, v. Sinclair Prairie Oil Company et al.;
No. 965, October Term, 1943. Skelly Oil Company, petitioner, v.
Madie Ray Amacker, individually, etc., et al.;
No. 971, October Term, 1943. National Bank of Middleboro et al.,
petitioners, v. The United States of America;
No. 972, October Term, 1943. Louisville Property Company et al.,
petitioners, v. Commissioner of Internal Revenue;
No. 1018, October Term, 1943. The Pyramid Moving Company, ap-
pellant, v. The United States of America et al.;
No. 1060, October Term, 1943. Cornelius Bass and Charlie Clark,
petitioners, v. The State of New Hampshire;
No. 1085, October Term, 1943. Harry Knight, petitioner, v. The
People of the State of California et al.; and
No. 1098, October Term, 1943. Ex parte Mrs. Velma Ford Thomp-
son, Individually, etc.; petitioner. The petitions for rehearing in
these cases are denied.
No., October Term, 1943. Ex parte Raymond Jones, petitioner.
The petition for rehearing is denied. The motion of H. Ely Gold-
smith for leave to file a petition in aid of the petition for rehearing is
also denied.
No. 193, October Term, 1943. Samuel Feldman, petitioner, v. The
United States of America. Petition for rehearing denied. Mr. Jus-
tice Murphy and Mr. Justice Jackson took no part in the considera-
tion or decision of this application.
No. 354, October Term, 1943. The United States of America, ap-
pellant, v. South-Eastern Underwriters Association et al. The peti-
tion for rehearing is denied. Mr. Justice Roberts and Mr. Justice
Reed took no part in the consideration or decision of this application.
No. 648, October Term, 1943. The United States of America, peti-
tioner, v. D. B. Hellard. The motion of the State of Oklahoma for
leave to present oral argument as amicus curiae in support of the peti-
tion for rehearing is denied. The petition for rehearing is also denied.
No. 724, October Term, 1943. Clyde H. Walker, petitioner, v. P. J.
Squier, Warden, etc. The second petition for rehearing is denied.
No. 822, October Term, 1943. Henry Long, petitioner, v. Ralph E.
Benson, Warden, etc. The second petition for rehearing is denied.
The motion for leave to file petition for writ of habeas corpus is also
denied.

MONDAY, OCTOBER 9, 1944
28
No. 984, October Term, 1943. Corinne C. Waterman, petitioner, v.
Lillie B. McMillan et al. Petition for rehearing denied. The peti-
tion for removal of appeal is also denied.
No. 2. Hartford-Empire Company et al., appellants, v. The United
States of America;
No. 3. Corning Glass Works et al., appellants, v. The United States
of America;
No. 4. Owens-Illinois Glass Company et al., appellants, v. The
United States of America;
No. 5. Hazel-Atlas Glass Company et al., appellants, v. The United
States of America;
No. 6. Thatcher Manufacturing Company et al., appellants, v.
The United States of America;
No. 7. Lynch Corporation et al., appellants, v. The United States
of America;
No. 8. Ball Brothers Company et al., appellants, v. The United
States of America;
No. 9. Glass Containers Association of America, Inc., et al., appel-
lants, v. The United States of America;
No. 10. Isaac J. Collins, appellant, v. The United States of Amer-
ica; and
No. 11. T. C. Fulton et al., appellants, v. The United States of
America. Eight hours allowed for oral argument. Reaargument
commenced by Mr. John T. Cahill for the appellants in No. 2; and
continued by Mr. Robert T. Swaine for the appellants in No. 4; by
Mr. Boykin C. Wright for the appellants in No. 3; by Mr. Stephen
H. Philbin for the appellants in No. 5; by Mr. Lehr Fess for the ap-
pellants in No. 7; by Mr. E. W. McCallister for the appellants in No.
8; by Mr. Fred Fuller for the appellants in Nos. 10 and 11; by Mr.
Luther Day for the appellants in No. 9; and by Mr. Samuel S. Isseks
for the appellee.
Adjourned until tomorrow at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Tuesday, October 10, will be as follows: Nos. 2 (3,
4, 5, 6, 7, 8, 9, 10, and 11), 14, 22, 70, 20, 84, 12, 73, 23, and 26.

TUESDAY, OCTOBER 10, 1944
29
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: The Chief Justice, Mr. Justice Roberts, Mr. Justice Black,
Mr. Justice Reed, Mr. Justice Frankfurter, Mr. Justice Douglas, Mr.
Justice Murphy, Mr. Justice Jackson, and Mr. Justice Rutledge.
William A. Kessler, of Uvalde, Tex.; Stanley Charles Scanlan, of
Minneapolis, Minn.; John Charles Reid, of Washington, D. C.; Dewey
A. Dye, of Bradenton, Fla.; Leward C. Wykoff, of Cleveland, Ohio;
William B. Spivak, of Los Angeles, Calif.; and William J. Walsh,
Jr., of Springfield, Ill., were admitted to practice.
No. 155. Ernest H. Denicke et al., petitioners, v. The Anglo Cali-
fornia National Bank of San Francisco et al.;
No. 196. Ernest H. Denicke, petitioner, v. R. D. Brigham et al.;
and
No. 197. Mary E. Doble, petitioner, v. Walter E. Buck et al. Orders
denying certiorari withheld on motion of counsel for the petitioners.
No. 2. Hartford-Empire Company et al., appellants, v. The United
States of America;
No. 3. Corning Glass Works et al., appellants, v. The United States
of America;
No. 4. Owens-Illinois Glass Company et al., appellants, v. The
United States of America;
No. 5. Hazel-Atlas Glass Company et al., appellants, v. The United
States of America;
No. 6. Thatcher Manufacturing Company et al., appellants, v. The
United States of America;
No. 7. Lynch Corporation et al., appellants, v. The United States
of America;
No. 8. Ball Brothers Company et al., appellants, v. The United
States of America;
No. 9. Glass Containers Association of America, Inc., et al., appel-
lants, v. The United States of America;
No. 10. Isaac J. Collins, appellant, v. The United States of Amer-
ica; and
597362-44——6

TUESDAY, OCTOBER 10, 1944
30
No. 11. T. C. Fulton et al., appellants, v. The United States of
America. Reargument continued by Mr. Samuel S. Isseks for the ap-
pellee; by Mr. Assistant Attorney General Cox for the appellee; by
Mr. Samuel S. Isseks for the appellee; by Mr. Robert T. Swaine for
the appellants in No. 4; by Mr. Boykin C. Wright for the appellants
in No. 3; and concluded by Mr. John T. Cahill for the appellants in
No. 2; and case submitted by Mr. Ralph Emery for the appellants in
No. 6.
Adjourned until tomorrow at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Wednesday, October 11, will be as follows: Nos.
14, 22, 70, 20, 84, 12, 73, 23, 26, and 21.

WEDNESDAY, OCTOBER 11, 1944
31
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: The Chief Justice, Mr. Justice Roberts, Mr. Justice Black,
Mr. Justice Reed, Mr. Justice Frankfurter, Mr. Justice Douglas, Mr.
Justice Murphy, Mr. Justice Jackson, and Mr. Justice Rutledge.
Fred Chalmers Houston, of Pittsburgh, Pa.; L. Chester Glaser, of
New York City; Joseph Gaddis Jeppson, of Salt Lake City, Utah;
Wilbur Dale Hersch, of Peoria, Ill.; Richard Lincoln, of New York
City; Saburo Kodo, of Salt Lake City, Utah; Herbert E. Wenig, of
San Francisco, Calif.; and Dominick Manoli, of Omaha, Nebr., were
admitted to practice.
No. 14. R. J. Thomas, appellant, v. H. W. Collins, Sheriff of Travis
County, Texas. Reargued by Mr. Lee Pressman for the appellant;
by Mr. Alvin J. Rockwell for the United States, as amicus curiae, by
special leave of Court; and by Mr. Fagan Dickson for the appellee.
No. 22. Fred Toyosaburo Korematsu, petitioner, v. The United
States of America. Argument commenced by Mr. Wayne M. Collins
for the petitioner and continued by Mr. Charles A. Horsky for the
petitioner.
Adjourned until tomorrow at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Thursday, October 12, will be as follows: Nos. 22,
70, 20, 84, 12, 73, 23, 26, 21, and 34.
597362-44-
-7

THURSDAY, OCTOBER 12, 1944
32
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: The Chief Justice, Mr. Justice Roberts, Mr. Justice Black,
Mr. Justice Reed, Mr. Justice Frankfurter, Mr. Justice Douglas, Mr.
Justice Murphy, Mr. Justice Jackson, and Mr. Justice Rutledge.
B. V. Thompson, of Fort Worth, Tex.; Standish Thompson, of At-
lanta, Ga.; Stanley Moffatt, of Huntington Park, Calif.; Edward M.
Hudgins, of Richmond, Va.; Raymond M. Uhl, of Mitchellville, Iowa;
and Theodore V. Quarnstrom, of Cleveland, Ohio, were admitted to
practice.
No. 142. Leland H. Cameron, petitioner, v. Civil Aeronautics
Board. Order denying certiorari withheld on motion of counsel for
the petitioner.
No. 22. Fred Toyosaburo Korematsu, petitioner, v. The United
States of America. Argument concluded by Mr. Solicitor General
Fahy for the respondent.
No. 70. Mitsuye Endo v. Milton Eisenhower, Director, etc. Argued
by Mr. James C. Purcell for Endo and by Mr. Solicitor General Fahy
for Eisenhower.
No. 20. William F. Esenwein, petitioner, v. Commonwealth ex rel.,
May H. Esenwein. Argument commenced by Mr. Sidney J. Watts
for the petitioner.
Adjourned until tomorrow at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Friday, October 13, will be as follows: Nos. 20,
84, 12, 73, 23, 26, 21, 34, 27, and 24 (and 25).
☑
597362-44-8

FRIDAY, OCTOBER 13, 1944
33
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: The Chief Justice, Mr. Justice Roberts, Mr. Justice Black,
Mr. Justice Reed, Mr. Justice Frankfurter, Mr. Justice Douglas, Mr.
Justice Murphy, Mr. Justice Jackson, and Mr. Justice Rutledge.
Harry L. Hall, of Dallas, Tex.; John A. Christie, of Fair Lawn,
N. J.; Charles J. Janigian, of San Francisco, Calif.; Harry H. Leet,
of Arlington, Va.; Albert A. Spiegel, of Alexandria, Va.; Herman
Hamel, of New York City; and Warren Earl Salin, of Salt Lake
City, Utah, were admitted to practice.
No. 20. William F. Esenwein, petitioner, v. Commonwealth, ex rel.
May H. Esenwein. Argument continued by Mr. J. Thomas Hoffman
for the respondent and concluded by Mr. Sidney J. Watts for the peti-
tioner.
. .
No. 84. O. B. Williams and Lillie Shaver Hendrix, petitioners, v.
The State of North Carolina. Argued by Mr. W. H. Strickland for
the petitioners and by Mr. Hughes J. Rhodes for the respondent.
No. 12. Jim Skidmore et al., petitioners, v. Swift & Company.
Argued by Mr. R. Curtis McBroom for the petitioners and by Mr.
Beverly Thompson for the respondent.
No. 73. Armour and Company, petitioner, v. Adam Wantock and
Frank Smith. Argued by Mr. Paul E. Blanchard for the petitioner
and by Mr. Ben Meyers for the respondents.
Adjourned until Monday next at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Monday, October 16, will be as follows: Nos. 23,
26, 21, 34, 27, 24 (and 25), 31 (and 32), 33, 28 (and 29), and 41.
☑
597362-44--9

MONDAY, OCTOBER 16, 1944
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
34
Present: The Chief Justice, Mr. Justice Roberts, Mr. Justice Black,.
Mr. Justice Reed, Mr. Justice Frankfurter, Mr. Justice Douglas, Mr..
Justice Murphy, Mr. Justice Jackson, and Mr. Justice Rutledge.
Cecelia Helen Goetz, of New York City; A. Morris Kobrick, of
Washington, D. C.; Elliot S. Blakesley, of Hartford, Conn.; Irving S.
Shapiro, of Minneapolis, Minn.; Logan J. Lane, Jr., of Wellington,
Kans.; Duward C. Staley, of Dayton, Ohio; Patrick Henry Ford, of
Los Angeles, Calif.; Charles Watson Hover, of Cincinnati, Ohio%;B
Frank M. Gusweiler, of Cincinnati, Ohio; Murray Christian, of
Houston, Tex.; Eugene Orton Monnet, of Tulsa, Okla.; and Alfred
J. Westberg, of Seattle, Wash., were admitted to practice.
The Chief Justice said:
"The orders of the Court appear upon the list certified by the Chief
Justice and filed with the Clerk and will not be announced orally."
No. Ex parte Paul Bellenger, petitioner;
-
No.. Virgil B. McMillan, petitioner, v. The United States; and
No. Ex parte Clarence B. Bernard, petitioner. Applications
denied.
―.
No.. Ex parte Albert W. Krause, petitioner;
No.. Ex parte Cecil L. Wright, petitioner;
No.. Ex parte Stanley B. Peplowski, petitioner ;
No.
No.
No.
Ex parte Karl Klein, petitioner;
Ex parte Charles E. Schramm, petitioner; and
Ex parte Phillip Wallace and Frank Butler, petitioners.
The motions for leave to file petitions for writs of habeas corpus are
denied.
No. In re complaint of Ward M. Blanton. The complaint is
dismissed.
No. —. In re petition for rule to show cause of Ward M. Blanton.
Petition for rule to show cause denied.
-
No. Alvin Scheib, petitioner, v. Joseph E. Ragen, Warden. The
motion for leave to file petition for writ of certiorari or habeas corpus
is denied.
-
No. Norman Baker, petitioner, v. The United States. Petition
denied.
597362-44--10

-
MONDAY, OCTOBER 16, 1944
35
No. William Robert Hadley, petitioner, v. The United States.
The motion for leave to file petition for writ of certiorari is denied.
No. Ex parte John A. Evans, petitioner. The motion for leave
to file petition for writ of mandamus or habeas corpus is denied.
―.
No. Ex parte Edwin K. Atwood, petitioner. The motion for
leave to file petition for writ of mandamus, prohibition, or certiorari
is denied.
No.. Raymond O. DeMaurez, petitioner, v. P. J. Squier, Warden.
The motion for appointment of counsel is denied.
No.. Ex parte Ann H. P. Kent, for and on behalf of Tyler Kent,
petitioner. The motion for issuance of a subpoena is denied. The
motion for oral argument is denied. The motion for leave to file
petition for writ of mandamus is denied.
No. 6, original. The State of Nebraska, complainant, v. The State
of Wyoming et al. The report of the Special Master herein is received
and ordered to be filed. It is ordered that exceptions to the said report,
if any, be filed on or before November 16, next.
No. 9, original. The State of Illinois, complainant, v. The State of
Indiana et al. The motion of American Maize Products Company to
dismiss its cross claims is granted.
No. 351. Carlota Benitez Sampayo, petitioner, v. The United
States of America et al.;
No. 352. Carlota Benitez Sampayo, petitioner, v. The Bank of Nova
Scotia; and
No. 353. Carlota Benitez Sampayo, petitioner, v. The Bank of
Nova Scotia et al. The motion to strike the brief of the United States
in No. 351 is denied with leave to petitioner to reply thereto within 30
days. Leave is granted petitioner to file replies to any briefs which
may be filed hereafter on behalf of the respondents within 20 days
after service. The Chief Justice took no part in the consideration or
decision of this application.
No. 400. Charleston Federal Savings & Loan Association et al., ap-
pellants, v. George P. Alderson, State Tax Commissioner of West
Virginia. Further consideration of the question of the jurisdiction of
this Court in this case is postponed to the hearing of the case on the
merits.
No. 485. Roscoe A. Coffman, appellant, v. Federal Laboratories,
Inc., et al. Further consideration of the question of the jurisdiction
of this Court in this case is postponed to the hearing of the case on the
merits. The motion to advance is granted and the case is transferred
to the summary docket and assigned for argument immediately fol-
lowing No. 71 which is also transferred to the summary docket.

MONDAY, OCTOBER 16, 1944
36
No. 354. Commissioner of Internal Revenue, petitioner, v. Elliott
H. Wheeler et al., Executors, etc., et al. Petition for writ of certiorari
to the Circuit Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit granted.
No. 377. Precision Instrument Manufacturing Company et al., peti-
tioners, v. Automotive Maintenance Machinery Company. Petition
for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of Appeals for the Seventh
Circuit granted.
No.
Ex parte Harry C. Alberts, petitioner. The motion for leave
to file petition for writ of mandamus is denied.
No. 337. International Union of Mine, Mill, and Smelter Workers;
Locals No. 15, et al., etc., petitioners, v. Eagle-Picher Mining and
Smelting Company et al. The motion for leave to proceed on an abbre-
viated record is granted. The motion for leave to file brief of the
Congress of Industrial Organizations as amicus curiae is granted.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of Appeals for the
Eighth Circuit granted.
No. 368. Gemsco, Inc., et al., petitioners, v. L. Metcalfe Walling,
Administrator, etc.;
No. 369. Mildred Maretzo et al., petitioners, v. L. Metcalfe Walling,
Administrator, etc.; and
No. 370. Josephine Guiseppi et al., petitioners, v. L. Metcalfe
Walling, Administrator, etc. Petition for writs of certiorari to the
Circuit Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit granted limited to the
first question presented by the petition for the writs and the cases are
advanced and assigned for argument on Monday, December 4, next.
No. 371. Commissioner of Internal Revenue, petitioner, v. John
H. Smith. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of
Appeals for the Ninth Circuit granted and case transferred to the
summary docket.
No. 391. Richard Rice, petitioner, v. Neil Olson, Warden, etc. The
motion for leave to proceed in forma pauperis is granted. Petition for
writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Nebraska granted.
No. 98. John W. Roxborough, petitioner, v. The People of the State
of Michigan; and
No. 99. Everett I. Watson, petitioner, v. The People of the State of
Michigan. Petition for writs of certiorari to the Supreme Court of
Michigan denied.
No. 321. Shreveport Engraving Company, Inc., petitioner, v. The
United States of America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
Circuit Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 338. Carroll Franklin Johnston, an infant, etc., et al., peti-
tioners, v. W. F. Johnston, Mamie L. Johnston, et al. Petition for
writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Appeals of Virginia denied.

MONDAY, OCTOBER 16, 1944
37
No. 361. Honorable Francis G. Caffey, Judge, etc., et al., peti-
tioners, v. The United States of America. Petition for writ of cer-
tiorari to the Circuit Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit denied.
No. 362. The Hirsch Improvement Company, petitioner, v. Com-
missioner of Internal Revenue. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
Circuit Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit denied.
No. 372. Abert Herman Nelson, petitioner, v. The United States of
America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of Ap-
peals for the Second Circuit denied.
No. 381. Jeremiah J. Sullivan, alias Jerry Sullivan, petitioner, v.
The People of the State of New York. Petition for writ of certiorari
to the Court of Special Sessions, County of New York, State of New
York, denied.
No. 385. J. L. Brandeis & Sons, petitioner, v. National Labor Rela-
tions Board. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of
Appeals for the Eighth Circuit denied.
No. 386. In the matter of Hulon Capshaw, an attorney, petitioner.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals of New York
denied.
No. 387. Union Dime Savings Bank, petitioner, v. Ira Adams et al.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of Appeals for the
Second Circuit denied.
No. 390. Scott M. Loftin and John W. Martin, as Trustees of
Florida East Coast Railway Company, petitioners, v. Christine Deal.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Florida
denied.
No. 393. George Pape, petitioner, v. The United States of America.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of Appeals for
the Second Circuit denied.
No. 395. Personal Finance Company of Kentucky, petitioner, v.
Rufus Harold Hadden. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit
Court of Appeals for the Sixth Circuit denied.
No. 396. Northern Pacific Railway Company, petitioner, v. Kreeda
Bimberg, Special administratrix of the estate of Clifford Bimberg.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Minnesota.
denied.
No. 399. The Fairmont Creamery Company, petitioner, v. National
Labor Relations Board. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit
Court of Appeals for the Tenth Circuit denied.
No. 402. Owen A. Frank and Dorothea Frank, petitioners, v. The
County of Scotts Bluff, Nebraska. Petition for writ of certiorari to
the Supreme Court of Nebraska denied.

MONDAY, OCTOBER 16, 1944
38
No. 152. Mary C. Roberts, Administratrix, et al., petitioners, v.
United Fisheries Vessels Company. Petition for writ of certiorari
to the Circuit Court of Appeals for the First Circuit denied. Mr.
Justice Black is of opinion that certiorari should be granted.
No. 291. William F. Herron, petitioner, v. The State Bar of Cali-
fornia. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of
California denied for failure to comply with the rules.
No. 117. Louis Parisi, petitioner, v. The People of the State of
New York. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of General
Sessions of New York County, State of New York, denied for the
reason that the case is moot.
No. 324. Harry M. Avance, petitioner, v. Guy A. Thompson,
Trustee, Missouri Pacific Railroad Company. The motion to enlarge
the record is denied. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme
Court of Illinois denied for want of a final judgment.
No. 392. Parke, Austin & Lipscomb, Inc., Smithsonian Institution
Series, Inc., et al., petitioners, v. Federal Trade Commission. Petition
for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of Appeals for the Second
Circuit denied. The Chief Justice took no part in the consideration
or decision of this application.
No. 136. Ralph Stonebreaker, petitioner, v. W. Frank Smyth,
Superintendent of the Virginia State Penitentiary. On petition for
writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Appeals of Virginia;
No. 178. James Orville Couchois, petitioner, v. The United States
of America. On petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court
of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit;
No. 339. Carl Woodward, petitioner, v. Joseph E. Ragen, Warden,
etc. On petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of
Illinois;
No. 341. Monroe D. Neely, petitioner, v. The United States of
America. On petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia;
No. 447. Georgia M. Spruill, petitioner, v. Temple Baptist Church,
a corporation. On petition for writ of certiorari to the United
States Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia;
No. 458. United States ex rel. Fred Singer, petitioner, v. Joseph
E. Ragen, Warden, etc. On petition for writ of certiorari to the
Circuit Court of Appeals for the Seventh Circuit; and
No. 477. James Dobry, petitioner, v. Neil Olson, Warden, etc. On
petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of Appeals for the
Eighth Circuit. The motions for leave to proceed in forma pauperis
are granted. Petitions for writs of certiorari denied.
No. 233. Adrian C. Taylor, petitioner, v. P. J. Squier, Warden, etc.
Motion for leave to proceed in forma pauperis. Petition for writ of

MONDAY, OCTOBER 16, 1944
39
certiorari to the Circuit Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit denied
for the reason that the case is moot.
No. 394. Tommy Nelson, petitioner, v. Commonwealth of Ken-
tucky. On petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals
for Kentucky;
No. 453. Rudolph R. Malleck, petitioner, v. Joseph E. Ragen,
Warden, etc.;
No. 457. The United States of America, ex rel. Rudolph Pisani,
petitioner, v. Joseph E. Ragen, Warden, etc.;
No. 476. Isaac Packwood, petitioner, v. People of the State of Illi-
nois; and
No. 492. William Johnson, petitioner, v. Joseph E. Ragen, Warden,
etc. On petitions for writs of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Illi-
nois. The motions for leave to proceed in forma pauperis are granted.
Petitions for writs of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Illinois
denied for the reason that application therefor was not made within
the time provided by law. Sec. 8 (a) Act of February 13, 1925 (43
Stat. 936, 940), 28 U. S. C., sec. 350.
No. 54, October Term, 1943. The Mercoid Corporation, petitioner,
v. Mid-Continent Investment Company et al.; and
No. 55, October Term, 1943. The Mercoid Corporation, petitioner,
v. Mid-Continent Investment Company et al. The motion to clarify
and correct the opinion and mandates is denied.
No. 766, October Term, 1943. Hudson & Manhattan Railroad Com-
pany, appellant, v. City of Jersey City et al. The motion for leave to
file a second petition for rehearing is denied for want of jurisdiction.
Art Metal Construction Co. v. United States, 289 U. S. 706, and cases
cited.
No. 142. Leland H. Cameron, petitioner, v. Civil Aeronautics
Board. Petition for rehearing denied.
The Court will take a recess from Monday, October 23, until Mon-
day, November 6, next.
No. 431. The United States, petitioner, v. Joseph H. Beuttas et al.
Time within which to file brief for respondent extended to and in-
cluding November 13th, next, on motion of counsel for the respondent.
No. 23. E. Jack Smith et al., partners, etc., petitioners, v. Comer
Davis et al., etc. Argued by Mr. Ben H. Sullivan for the petitioners
and by Mr. W. S. Northcutt for the respondents. Counsel are re-

MONDAY, OCTOBER 16, 1944
40
quested to file within two weeks briefs upon the questions whether 31
U. S. C., sec. 742, is applicable to the obligation here involved, and if
so applicable whether there is constitutional authority for the enact-
ment. The Solicitor General is requested to file, as amicus curae, a
brief on these questions within two weeks. Leave is granted to all
parties to file replies to the briefs above requested within one week
after the service of such briefs if they are so advised.
No. 26. Allen Pope, petitioner, v. The United States. Argued by
Mr. George R. Shields for the petitioner and by Mr. Assistant
Attorney General Shea for the respondent.
No. 21. Carolene Products Company et al., petitioners, v. The
United States of America. Argument commenced by Mr. Samuel H.
Kaufman for the petitioners.
Adjourned until tomorrow at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Tuesday, October 17, will be as follows: Nos. 21,
34, 27, 24 (and 25), 31 (and 32), 33, 41, 28 (and 29), 42, and 35.

TUESDAY, OCTOBER 17, 1944
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
41
Present: The Chief Justice, Mr. Justice Roberts, Mr. Justice Black,
Mr. Justice Reed, Mr. Justice Frankfurter, Mr. Justice Douglas, Mr.
Justice Murphy, Mr. Justice Jackson, and Mr. Justice Rutledge.
Parnell Black, of Salt Lake City, Utah; William Patrick O'Neil, of
Knoxville, Tenn.; Thomas N. Cook, of Chicago, Ill.; Kenneth L.
Richmond, of Chicago, Ill.; and Clint W. Hager, of Atlanta, Ga.,
were admitted to practice.
No. 21. Carolene Products Company et al., petitioners, v. The
United States of America. Argument continued by Mr. Samuel H.
Kaufman for the petitioners; by Mr. Chester T. Lane for the respond-
ents; and concluded by Mr. Samuel H. Kaufman for the petitioners.
No. 34. The Sage Stores and Carolene Products Company, peti-
tioners, v. The State of Kansas, ex rel. A. B. Mitchell (substituted as
Attorney General). Argued by Mr. Samuel H. Kaufman for the
petitioner, Carolene Products Co.; by Mr. Thomas M. Lillard for the
petitioner, The Sage Stores Co.; and by Mr. C. Glenn Morris for the
respondent.
No. 27. L. Metcalfe Walling, Administrator, etc., petitioner, v.
Helmerich & Payne, Inc. Argued by Mr. Irving J. Levy for the
petitioner, and by Mr. Eugene O. Monnet for the respondent.
No. 24. Victor J. Herb, petitioner, v. Norman B. Pitcairn et al., etc.;
and
No. 25. Benjamin F. Belcher, petitioner, v. Louisville and Nash-
ville Railroad Company. Argument commenced by Mr. Roberts P.
Elam for the petitioners.
Adjourned until tomorrow at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Wednesday, October 18, will be as follows: Nos. 24
(and 25), 31 (and 32), 33, 41, 28 (and 29), 42, 35, and 36.
Х
597362-44—11

WEDNESDAY, OCTOBER 18, 1944
42
WEDNESDAY, OCTOBER 18, 1944
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: The Chief Justice, Mr. Justice Roberts, Mr. Justice Black,
Mr. Justice Reed, Mr. Justice Frankfurter, Mr. Justice Douglas, Mr.
Justice Murphy, Mr. Justice Jackson, and Mr. Justice Rutledge.
Robt. B. Short, of Newton, Ga.; Robert V. Niedner, of Saint Charles,
Mo.; James P. Hill, of Jacksonville, Fla.; Hyman N. Glickstein, of
New York City; Max M. Solomon, of Los Angeles, Calif.; Tyree C.
Derrick, of Saint Louis, Mo.; and Sotero H. Laurel, of Manila, P. I.,
were admitted to practice.
No. 24. Victor J. Herb, petitioner, v. Norman B. Pitcairn, et al.,
etc., and
No. 25. Benjamin F. Belcher, petitioner, v. Louisville and Nashville
Railroad Company. Argument continued by Mr. Roberts P. Elam
for the petitioners and concluded by Mr. Bruce A. Campbell for the
respondents.
No. 31. James Karl Muschany and Vera Muschany, petitioners, v.
The United States of America; and
No. 32. William M. Andrews and Bertha L. Andrews, petitioners, v.
The United States of America. Argued by Mr. William R. Gentry
for the petitioners in No. 31; by Mr. Samuel M. Watson for the peti-
tioners in No. 32; and by Mr. Paul A. Freund for the respondent.
Leave granted petitioners to file a reply brief within one week.
No. 33. Commissioner of Internal Revenue, petitioner, v. C. C. Har-
mon. Argument commenced by Mr. Assistant Attorney General
Samuel O. Clark, Jr., for the petitioner.
Adjourned until tomorrow at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Thursday, October 19, will be as follows: Nos. 33,
41, 28 (and 29), 42, and 36.
☑
597362-44-12

THURSDAY, OCTOBER 19, 1944
43
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: The Chief Justice, Mr. Justice Roberts, Mr. Justice Black,
Mr. Justice Reed, Mr. Justice Frankfurter, Mr. Justice Douglas, Mr.
Justice Murphy, Mr. Justice Jackson, and Mr. Justice Rutledge.
Jeff Busby, of Washington, D. C.; George E. Mickel, of Omaha,
Nebr.; Lewis C. Magnusen, of Oshkosh, Wis.; George Washington
Sandlin, of Old Fort, N. C.; Morris N. Friedland, of Chicago, Ill.; and
Joseph L. Eggum, of Miami, Fla., were admitted to practice.
No. 33. Commissioner of Internal Revenue, petitioner, v. C. C.
Harmon. Argument continued by Mr. Assistant Attorney General
Samuel O. Clark for the petitioner; by Mr. L. Karlton Mosteller for
the respondent and concluded by Mr. Villard Martin for the re-
spondent.
No. 41. Wilson McCarthy and Henry Swan, Trustees, etc., et al.,
petitioners, v. E. E. Bruner. Argued by Mr. W. Q. Van Cott for the
petitioners and by Mr. Parnell Black for the respondent.
No. 28. Claridge Apartments Company, petitioner, v. Commissioner
of Internal Revenue; and
No. 29. Claridge Apartments Company, petitioner, v. Commissioner
of Internal Revenue. Argument commenced by Mr. John E. Hughes
for the petitioner.
Adjourned until tomorrow at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Friday, October 20, will be as follows: Nos. 28
(and 29), 42, and 36.
Х
597362-44—13

FRIDAY, OCTOBER 20, 1944
44
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: The Chief Justice, Mr. Justice Roberts, Mr. Justice Black,
Mr. Justice Reed, Mr. Justice Frankfurter, Mr. Justice Douglas, Mr.
Justice Murphy, Mr. Justice Jackson, and Mr. Justice Rutledge.
James Joseph Noble, of New York City; Michael F. McDonald, of
Wilkes-Barre, Pa.; John W. Bodine, of Philadelphia, Pa.; Hunter
Martin, of Lenoir, N. C.; Richard Deering Case, of Philadelphia, Pa.;
Erving Nielsen, of Dearborn, Mich.; Stephen Holbrook Beach, of De-
troit, Mich.; Herbert H. Ferguson, of York, S. C.; John William
Steen, of Baltimore, Md.; and E. C. Hartman, of Saint Louis, Mo.,
were admitted to practice.
No. 28. Claridge Apartments Company, petitioner, v. Commissioner
of Internal Revenue; and
No. 29. Claridge Apartments Company, petitioner, v. Commissioner
of Internal Revenue. Argument continued by Mr. John E. Hughes
for the petitioner; by Mr. Chester T. Lane for the respondent; and
concluded by Mr. John E. Hughes for the petitioner.
No. 42. M. Claude Screws et al., petitioners, v. The United States
of America. Argued by Mr. James F. Kemp for the petitioners and
by Mr. Solicitor General Fahy for the respondent.
No. 36. Michael F. McDonald, petitioner, v. Commissioner of In-
ternal Revenue. Argued by Mr. Frederick E. S. Morrison for the peti-
tioner and by Mr. Ralph F. Fuchs for the respondent.
Adjourned until Monday, October 23, next, at 12 o'clock.

MONDAY, OCTOBER 23, 1944
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
45
Present The Chief Justice, Mr. Justice Roberts, Mr. Justice
Black, Mr. Justice Reed, Mr. Justice Frankfurter, Mr. Justice
Douglas, Mr. Justice Murphy, Mr. Justice Jackson, and Mr. Justice
Rutledge.
Raphael J. Hopkins, of Pittsburgh, Pa.; Marvin B. Norfleet, of
Forrest City, Ark.; Samuel S. Allan, of New York City; Seymour
D. Altmark, of New York City; Kent Allen, of Los Angeles, Calif.;
Leonard G. Brown, of Orange, N. J.; Edward J. Brown, of Wash-
ington, D. C.; Harry N. Reizes, of Brooklyn, N. Y.; Pike Hall, of
Shreveport, La.; George B. Thompson, of Morganfield, Ky.; O. H.
Speciale, of San Jose, Calif.; William R. Hulsy, of Bakersfield,
Calif.; James M. McInerney, of New York City; Geo. L. Patten, of
Tallahassee, Fla.; Isaac C. Orr, of St. Louis, Mo.; J. Nelson Truitt,
of Denver, Colo.; John J. Hamlyn, of Sacramento, Calif.; and Leander
King Vermille, of Los Angeles, Calif., were admitted to practice.
The Chief Justice said:
"The orders of the Court appear upon the list certified by the Chief
Justice and filed with the Clerk and will not be announced orally."
No.. Ex parte William Meyer, petitioner; and
-.
No. Ex parte Richard P. Allen, petitioner. The motions for
leave to file petitions for writs of habeas corpus are denied.
―.
No. Ex parte Rudolph Dreksler, petitioner. The motion for
leave to file petition for writ of habeas corpus is denied. Treating
the papers as a petition for writ of certiorari, certiorari is denied.
No. Ex parte Marshall Clark, petitioner; and
-.
No. Ex parte William Stafford, petitioner. Applications de-
nied.
-.
No. Thomas M. Bugg, Sr., petitioner, v. The United States.
The motion for leave to file petition for writ of certiorari is denied.
No. 17. The United States of America, appellant, v. Crescent
Amusement Company et al.;
No. 18. The United States of America, appellant, v. Crescent
Amusement Company et al.; and
No. 19. Crescent Amusement Company et al., appellants, v.
The United States of America. The motion for leave to file brief
of Independent Motion Picture Producers as amicus curiae is denied.
597362-44- -15

MONDAY, OCTOBER 23, 1944
46
No. 26. Allen Pope, petitioner, v. The United States. The motion
for leave to file brief of John W. Cragun as amicus curiae is granted.
No. 424. The United States, appellant, v. David McD. Shearer.
The motion to extend the time for filing statement of points and
designation of parts of the record to be printed is granted.
No. 532. The United States of America, petitioner, v. David McD.
Shearer. The motion to use the printed record in No. 424 on the appli-
cation for writ of certiorari is granted.
No. 410. Owen N. Price, Trustee, etc., et al., petitioners, v. James
G. Gurney, individually, etc., et al. Petition for writ of certiorari
to the Circuit Court of Appeals for the Sixth Circuit granted.
No. 419. Daniel K. Catlin et al., as Trustees, etc., et al., petitioners,
v. The United States of America. Petition for writ of certiorari to
the Circuit Court of Appeals for the Seventh Circuit granted and the
case is transferred to the summary docket.
No. 232. Puerto Rico Cement Corporation, petitioner, v. Royal In-
demnity Company. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit
Court of Appeals for the First Circuit denied.
No. 262. Lorraine Wilson and Huldah Diekmann, petitioners, v.
Van Vechten Shaffer et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Cir-
cuit Court of Appeals for the Eighth Circuit denied.
No. 347. The George W. Luft Company, Inc., petitioner, v. Zande
Cosmetic Co., Inc., et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit
Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit denied.
No. 376. Frederic W. Proctor, petitioner, v. Commissioner of In-
ternal Revenue. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court
of Appeals for the Fourth Circuit denied.
No. 403. William Maher, petitioner, v. The State of Nebraska.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Nebraska de-
nied.
No. 404. W. D. Witter and J. Marshall Peer, petitioners, v. G. J.
Nikolas et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of
Appeals for the Seventh Circuit denied.
No. 405. J. Marshall Peer and W. D. Witter, petitioners, v. G. J.
Nikolas et al.; and
No. 406. J. Marshall Peer and W. D. Witter, petitioners, v. G. J.
Nikolas et al. Petition for writs of certiorari to the Circuit Court of
Appeals for the Seventh Circuit denied.
No. 408. Clover Splint Coal Co., Inc., petitioner, v. Commissioner
of Internal Revenue. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit
Court of Appeals for the Third Circuit denied.

MONDAY, OCTOBER 23, 1944
47
No. 411. J. R. Mason, petitioner, v. El Dorado Irrigation District.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of Appeals for the
Ninth Circuit denied.
No. 412. J. R. Mason, petitioner, v. Glenn-Colusa Irrigation Dis-
trict. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of Appeals
for the Ninth Circuit denied.
No. 413. Dixie Greyhound Lines, Inc., et al., petitioners, v. Lamar
C. Atkinson and Ross R. Barnett. Petition for writ of certiorari to
the Circuit Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 414. Consolidated Realty Corporation et al., petitioners, v. Ed-
win B. Meredith et al., constituting the bondholders' Protective Com-
mittee et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of
Appeals for the Second Circuit denied.
No. 415. Walter Wanger Pictures, Inc., petitioner, v. Ethel Strick-
land Rogan, as executrix, etc. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
Circuit Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit denied.
No. 418. Francice Netcher, petitioner, v. Commissioner of Internal
Revenue. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of Ap-
peals for the Seventh Circuit denied.
No. 423. United States ex rel. Robert E. Lee Jordan, petitioner, v.
Harold L. Ickes, Secretary of the Interior. Petition for writ of cer-
tiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the District of Colum-
bia denied.
No. 425. Lucius Powers and W. E. Urick, petitioners, v. Chester
Bowles, Price Administrator. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
United States Emergency Court of Appeals denied.
No. 434. Baker Oil Tools, Inc., et al., petitioners, v. Erd V. Crowell.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of Appeals for the
Ninth Circuit denied.
No. 435. Mutual Life Insurance Company of New York, petitioner,
v. Minnie L. B. Hamilton. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit
Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 436. Bolivian International Mining Corporation, petitioner, v.
Commissioner of Internal Revenue. Petition for writ of certiorari to
the Circuit Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit denied.
No. 437. G. A. Roschek, petitioner, v. Stella E. Williamson. Peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of Appeals for the
Seventh Circuit denied.
No. 314. Portland General Electric Company, petitioner, v. The
United States of America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
Circuit Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit denied for the reason
that application therefor was not made within the time provided by

MONDAY, OCTOBER 23, 1944
48
law. Sec. 8 (a), Act of February 13, 1925 (43 Stat. 936, 940), 28
U. S. C., sec. 350.
No. 373. Alpine MacGregor, petitioner, v. Westinghouse Electric
& Manufacturing Company. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
Supreme Court of Pennsylvania denied for want of a final judgment.
No. 426. George A. Ball, petitioner, v. H. Earl Cook, Superintend-
ent of Banks of the State of Ohio, etc.; and
No. 427. George and Frances Ball Foundation, petitioner, v. H.
Earl Cook, Superintendent of Banks of the State of Ohio, etc. Peti-
tions for writs of certiorari to the Circuit Court of Appeals for the
Seventh Circuit denied. Mr. Justice Reed took no part in the con-
sideration or decision of these applications.
No. 261. William M. Lindenfeld, petitioner, v. The United States
of America. The motion for leave to proceed in forma pauperis is
denied. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of Ap-
peals for the Second Circuit denied.
No. 432. Mrs. Eulla May Walton, as administratrix, etc., petitioner,
v. Southern Package Corporation. On petition for writ of certiorari
to the Supreme Court of Mississippi;
No. 521. Japeth Simeon, petitioner, v. Joseph E. Ragen, Warden,
etc.;
No. 522. Albert Van Pelt, petitioner, v. Joseph E. Ragen, Warden,
etc.;
No. 544. James Thomas, petitioner, v. Joseph E. Ragen, Warden,
etc.;
No. 545. Albert Sullivan, petitioner, v. Joseph E. Ragen, Warden,
etc.;
No. 546. Everett Ross, petitioner, v. Joseph E. Ragen, Warden,
etc.;
No. 547. Paul Diekelmann, petitioner, v. Joseph E. Ragen, Warden,
etc.;
No. 549. Clifford Rose, petitioner, v. Joseph E. Ragen, Warden,
etc.;
No. 550. Stephen Devera, petitioner, v. Joseph E. Ragen, Warden,
etc.; and
No. 555. Harold Jackson, petitioner, v. The People of the State of
Illinois. On petitions for writs of certiorari to the Supreme Court of
Illinois; and
No. 601. Raymond O. DeMaurez, petitioner, v. P. J. Squier,
Warden, etc. On petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court
of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit. The motions for leave to proceed
in forma pauperis are granted. The petitions for writs of certiorari
are denied.

MONDAY, OCTOBER 23, 1944
49
No. 454. George H. Gibson, petitioner, v. Archibald K. Gardner
United States Circuit Judge, etc. The motion for leave to proceed in
forma pauperis is granted. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Dis-
trict Court of the United States for the Southern District of Iowa
denied for want of jurisdiction.
No. 505. William Monroe, petitioner, v. The New York State Parole
Board et al. On petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court
of New York; and
No. 517. Luther Sain, petitioner, v. Joseph E. Ragen, Warden, etc.
On petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Illinois.
The motions for leave to proceed in forma pauperis are granted. Peti-
tions for writs of certiorari denied for the reason that application
therefor was not made within the time provided by law. Sec. 8 (a),
Act of February 13, 1925, 43 Stat. 936, 940), 28 U. S. C., sec. 350.
Adjourned until Monday, November 6, next, at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Monday, November 6, will be as follows: Nos. 13,
17 (18 and 19), 35, 38, 40, 43, 49, 51, 62, and 39 (and 44).

MONDAY, NOVEMBER 6, 1944
50
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: The Chief Justice, Mr. Justice Roberts, Mr. Justice Black,
Mr. Justice Reed, Mr. Justice Frankfurter, Mr. Justice Douglas, Mr.
Justice Murphy, Mr. Justice Jackson, and Mr. Justice Rutledge.
John McKim Minton, Jr., of New York City; Marcel Mallet-
Prevost, of Washington, D. C.; Richard L. Levy, of Phila-
delphia, Pa.; I. Henry Kutz, of New York City, C. Parker
Breese, Jr., of Norfolk, Va.; Oliver Bassuener, of Sheboygan, Wis.;
Max Freund, of New York City; William F. Raugust, of Wash-
ington, D. C.; Elton M. Hyder, of Fort Worth, Tex.; W. Hobart
Little, of Washington, D. C.; John S. Murphy, of Sioux
Falls, S. Dak.; William T. Jobe, of Washington, D. C.; David R.
Wolverton, of Chevy Chase, Md.; William Williamson, of Pierre,
S. Dak.; Joseph H. Mueller, of Chicago, Ill.; John B. Barker, of Min-
neapolis, Minn.; Milton K. Eckert, of Washington, D. C.; Bernard G.
Ostmann, of Washington, D. C.; Lloyd Buchanan, of New York City;
Joseph M. Jones, of Washington, D. C.; Frank J. DiSesa, of Stamford,
Conn.; Joseph W. Wyatt, of Washington, D. C.; Isidore Goodman,
of New York City; and Harry T. Gray, of Jacksonville, Fla.; were
admitted to practice.
No. 27. L. Metcalfe Walling, Administrator of the Wage and Hour
Division, United States Department of Labor, petitioner, v. Hel-
merich & Payne, Inc. On writ of certiorari to the United States
Circuit Court of Appeals for the Tenth Circuit. Judgment reversed
and cause remanded to the District Court of the United States for the
Northern District of Oklahoma for further proceedings in conformity
with the opinion of this court. Opinion by Mr. Justice Murphy.
No. 21. Carolene Products Company, Charles Hauser and William
H. Hartke, petitioners, v. The United States of America. On writ of
certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Fourth
Circuit. Judgment affirmed and cause remanded to the District Court.
of the United States for the Northern District of West Virginia.
Opinion by Mr. Justice Reed. Mr. Justice Black and Mr. Justice
Douglas concur in the result.
No. 34. The Sage Stores Company and Carolene Products Com-
pany, petitioners, v. The State of Kansas, ex rel. A. B. Mitchell
(substituted as Attorney General). On writ of certiorari to the
'Supreme Court of the State of Kansas. Judgment affirmed with
597362-44- -16

MONDAY, NOVEMBER 6, 1944
51
costs and cause remanded to the said Supreme Court for further pro-
ceedings not inconsistent with the opinion of this Court. Opinion by
Mr. Justice Reed. Mr. Justice Black and Mr. Justice Douglas con-
cur in the result.
No. 92. Elbridge Gerry Bates, petitioner, v. The United States of
America. On petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Cir-
cuit Court of Appeals for the Seventh Circuit. Petition for writ of
certiorari granted. Judgment vacated and cause remanded to the
said Circuit Court of Appeals for further proceedings in conformity
with the opinion of this Court. Opinion, per curiam, announced by
Mr. Chief Justice Stone.
No. 26. Allen Pope, petitioner, v. The United States. On writ of
certiorari to the Court of Claims. Judgment reversed and cause re-
manded to the Court of Claims for further proceedings in conformity
with the opinion of this Court. Opinion by Mr. Chief Justice Stone.
Mr. Justice Jackson took no part in the consideration or decision of
this case.
The Chief Justice said:
"The orders of the Court appear upon the list certified by the Chief
Justice and filed with the Clerk and will not be announced orally."
No., original. The State of Georgia, complainant, v. The Penn-
sylvania Railroad Company et al. A rule is ordered to issue, re-
turnable December 11, next, requiring the defendants to show cause
why leave to file the amended bill of complaint should not be granted.
The cause is set for hearing on the return to the rule to show cause
and assigned for argument on January 2, 1945.
-
No. In the matter of Hulon Capshaw. It appearing from the
record in the case of In the Matter of Hulon Capshaw, An Attorney,
No. 386, October Term, 1944, that Hulon Capshaw, of New York
City, New York, a member of the bar of this court, has been disbarred
from the practice of the law in the courts of the State of New York,
It is ordered that the said Hulon Capshaw be, and he is hereby,
suspended from the practice of the law in this court, and that a rule
issue returnable within forty days requiring the said Hulon Capshaw
to show cause why he should not be disbarred from the practice of
the law in this court.
No.
No.
-
-
Ex parte Percy Arthur Whistler, petitioner; and
Mike Marvich, petitioner, v. People of the State of Cali-
fornia. The motions for leave to file petitions for writs of habaes
corpus are denied.
No. E. C. Curley, appellant, v. The State of Florida. Appeal
from the Supreme Court of Florida. The motion for leave to docket

MONDAY, NOVEMBER 6, 1944
52
the cause and file the record is denied for the reason that it appears
from the papers presented that if the cause were docketed the appeal
would have to be dismissed for want of a properly presented federal
question.
No. 940, October Term, 1943. Anastasio A. Ylagan, petitioner, v.
The United States. Application denied.
No. 44. Gerhard Wilhelm Kunze et al., petitioners, v. The United
States of America. The motion of John F. X. Finn for leave to file a
brief as amicus curiae is granted. The motion for leave to present oral
argument as amicus curiae is denied.
No. 17. The United States of America, appellant, v. Crescent
Amusement Company et al.;
No. 18. The United States of America, appellant, v. Crescent
Amusement Company et al; and
No. 19. Crescent Amusement Company et al., appellants, v. The
United States of America. The petition for reconsideration of the
motion for leave to file the brief of The Society of Independent Motion
Picture Producers as amicus curiae is denied. Mr. Justice Black is of
opinion that the motion should be granted.
No. 30. Willard Irwin Singer et al., petitioners, v. The United
States of America. The motion to dispense with the printing of the
record is granted.
No. 56. Southern Pacific Company, appellant, v. State of Arizona,
ex rel. Joe Conway, Attorney General of the State of Arizona. The
motion of the Solicitor General for leave to appear and present oral
argument as amicus curiae is granted.
No. 448. The United States of America et al., appellants, v. Han-
cock Truck Lines, Inc.; and
No. 449. Regular Common Carriers Conference of the American
Trucking Associations, Inc., appellant, v. Hancock Truck Lines, Inc.
Further consideration of the question of the jurisdiction of this Court
in these cases is postponed to the hearing of the cases on the merits.
No. 507. Interstate Commerce Commission et al., appellants, v.
Harry A. Parker, doing business as Parker Motor Freight et al.; and
No. 508. The United States of America, appellant, v. Harry A.
Parker, doing business as Parker Motor Freight et al. In these cases
probable jurisdiction is noted.
No. 455. The Republic of Mexico et al., petitioners, v. R. B. Hoff-
man. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of Appeals
for the Ninth Circuit granted.
No. 469. Special Equipment Company, petitioner, v. Conway P.
Coe, Commissioner of Patents. Petition for writ of certiorari to
the United States Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia
granted.

MONDAY, NOVEMBER 6, 1944
53
No. 486. The Hoover Company, petitioner, v. Conway P. Coe,
Commissioner of Patents. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
United States Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia granted.
No. 495. The United States of America, petitioner, v. Commodore
Park, Incorporated. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit
Court of Appeals for the Fourth Circuit granted.
No. 445. Brooklyn Savings Bank, petitioner, v. William J. O'Neil.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals of New York
granted limited to the second question presented by the petition for
the writ and the case transferred to the summary docket. The Solicitor
General is invited to file a brief amicus curiae if so advised.
No. 452. National Labor Relations Board, petitioner, v. Le Tour-
neau Company of Georgia. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Cir-
cuit Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit granted and the case
transferred to the summary docket and assigned for argument imme-
diately following No. 226, which is also transferred to the summary
docket.
No. 421. Arsenal Building Corporation et al., petitioners, v. Meyer
Greenberg, suing on behalf of himself, etc. Petition for writ of
certiorari to the Circuit Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit
granted limited to question (h) presented by the petition for the
writ and the case transferred to the summary docket.
No. 462. J. F. Fitzgerald Construction Company, petitioner, v.
Chris Pedersen, individually, etc. Petition for writ of certiorari to
the Supreme Court of New York granted limited to the second ques-
tion presented by the petition for the writ and the case transferred to
the summary docket and assigned for argument immediately follow-
ing No. 421. The Solicitor General is invited to file a brief amicus
curiae in this case and in No. 421 if so advised.
No. 409. Herbert Mezo, petitioner, v. The People of the State of
Illinois. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of
Illinois denied.
No. 420. Charles Colacicco, petitioner, v. The United States of
America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of
Appeals for the Second Circuit denied.
No. 438. Houbigant, Inc., Cheramy, Inc., et al., petitioners, v. Fed-
eral Trade Commission. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit
Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit denied.
No. 439. Salt River Valley Water Users' Association, petitioner, v.
Charles F. Reynolds et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Cir-
cuit Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit denied.
No. 441. Ida Guss, petitioner, v. Lillian Easton Lastrap, individ-
ually, etc., et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court
of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit denied.

MONDAY, NOVEMBER 6, 1944
54
No. 442. Aron Rosensweig and Abe Rosensweig, petitioners, v.
The United States of America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
Circuit Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit denied.
No. 443. Intercounty Operating Corporation and Salonga Farms,
Inc., petitioners, v. The County of Nassau. Petition for writ of certi-
orari to the Supreme Court of New York denied.
No. 451. The City National Bank and Trust Company, Trustee,
etc., petitioner, v. Commissioner of Internal Revenue. Petition for
writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of Appeals for the Tenth Cir-
cuit denied.
No. 459. Thomas Clyde Helton, petitioner, v. The United States of
America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of
Appeals for the Sixth Circuit denied.
No. 460. Acme Brewing Co., petitioner, v. Clifford C. Anglim,
Collector of Internal Revenue for the first district of California. Peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of Appeals for the
Ninth Circuit denied.
No. 463. Edith G. Goldwasser, petitioner, v. Commissioner of
Internal Revenue. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court
of Appeals for the Second Circuit denied.
No. 464. Interstate Motor Freight System, petitioner, v. Mary
Matilda Dubrock, surviving Wife of Levi Frederick Dubrock, de-
ceased, etc. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of
Appeals for the Third Circuit denied.
No. 465. Skinner Manufacturing Company, petitioner, v. Kellogg
Sales Company. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of
Appeals for the Eighth Circuit denied.
No. 466. Skinner Manufacturing Company, petitioner, v. General
Food Sales Company, Inc. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Cir-
cuit Court of Appeals for the Eighth Circuit denied.
No. 467. Estate of John S. Garrett, Jr., deceased, bankrupt, etc.,
petitioner, v. Reynold H. Greenberg, Trustee, etc., et al. Petition for
writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of Appeals for the Third Cir-
cuit denied.
No. 468. Debs Memorial Radio Fund, Inc., and Henry Greenfield,
petitioners, v. Associated Music Publishers, Inc. Petition for writ of
certiorari to the Circuit Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit
denied.
No. 428. Hoskyn & Co., Inc., et al., petitioners, v. Silver Line, Ltd.;
No. 429. International Standard Electric Corporation et al., peti-
tioners, v. Silver Line, Ltd.; and
No. 430. China General Edison Co., Inc., petitioner, v. Silver Line,
Ltd. Petition for writs of certiorari to the Circuit Court of Appeals
for the Second Circuit denied.

MONDAY, NOVEMBER 6, 1944
55
No. 471. A. B. Gochenour, Meyer Abrams, et al., petitioners, v.
The Cleveland Terminals Building Company et al. Petition for writ
of certiorari to the Circuit Court of Appeals for the Sixth Circuit
denied.
No. 472. Galland-Henning Manufacturing Company, petitioner,
v. Logemann Brothers Company. Petition for writ of certiorari to
the Circuit Court of Appeals for the Seventh Circuit denied.
No. 474. Pete Jones, petitioner, v. James H. Patterson, United
States Marshal, etc., et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
Circuit Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit denied.
No. 475. The Penfield Company of California, petitioner, v. Secu-
rities and Exchange Commission. Petition for writ of certiorari to
the Circuit Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit denied.
No. 478. Martin Kahner, petitioner, v. State of Minnesota. Peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Minnesota denied.
No. 480. Mrs. H. B. Fuston and State of Oklahoma, etc., peti-
tioners, v. The United States of America. Petition for writ of cer-
tiorari to the Circuit Court of Appeals for the Tenth Circuit denied.
No. 481. Safeway Stores, Incorporated (Maryland), et al., peti-
tioners, v. The United States of America. Petition for writ of cer-
tiorari to the Circuit Court of Appeals for the Tenth Circuit denied.
No. 487. Joseph T. Waters, petitioner, v. Kings County Trust
Company. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of
Appeals for the Second Circuit denied.
No. 489. Jamison Coal and Coke Company, petitioner, v. Kate B.
Goltra and E. Field Goltra, Jr., Executors, etc., et al. Petition for
writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of Appeals for the Eighth Cir-
cuit denied. ·
No. 490. Bert Erdman, petitioner, v. The United States of Amer-
ica. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of Appeals
for the Second Circuit denied.
No. 491. Edward J. Gay Planting & Manufacturing Co., Inc., peti-
tioner, v. Commissioner of Internal Revenue. Petition for writ of
certiorari to the Circuit Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 493. Idaho Potato Growers, Inc., et al., petitioners, v. National
Labor Relations Board. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit
Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit denied.
No. 494. Sam Adams, petitioner, v. The State of Texas. Petition
for writ of certiorari to the Court of Criminal Appeals of Texas
denied.
No. 497. Rowena Thornton, petitioner, v. City of Portland, Ore-
gon. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Oregon
denied.

MONDAY, NOVEMBER 6, 1944
56
No. 498. Emil J. Sonderlick, petitioner, v. Thomas J. Hallinan.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of New York
denied.
No. 499. Emil J. Sonderlick, petitioner, v. The Emigrant Indus-
trial Savings Bank. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme
Court of New York denied.
No. 440. Max Goldberg, petitioner, v. Reconstruction Finance
Corporation. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of
Appeals for the Seventh Circuit denied. Mr. Justice Reed took no
part in the consideration or decision of this application.
No. 488. The Barnes Foundation, petitioner, v. Bertrand Russell.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of Appeals for
the Third Circuit denied. Mr. Justice Roberts took no part in the
consideration or decision of this application.
No. 319. Benjamin McNabb et al., petitioners, v. The United States
of America. On petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court
of Appeals for the Sixth Circuit;
No. 563. Walter Davidson, petitioner, v. Arthur A. Bennett,
Warden, etc.;
No. 564. Isreal White, petitioner, v. Joseph E. Ragen, Warden,
etc.;
No. 565. James Close, petitioner, v. Joseph E. Ragen, Warden,
etc.;
No. 566. Russell Gray, petitioner, v. Joseph E. Ragen, Warden,
etc.;
No. 571. Wallace Phillips, petitioner, v. Joseph E. Ragen, Warden,
etc.;
No. 572. James King, petitioner, v. Joseph E. Ragen, Warden,
etc.;
No. 573. Lionel Conn, petitioner, v. Joseph E. Ragen, Warden,
etc.;
No. 583. George Adams, petitioner, v. Joseph E. Ragen, Warden,
etc. On petitions for writs of certiorari to the Supreme Court of
Illinois. The motions for leave to proceed in forma pauperis are
granted. The petitions for writs of certiorari are denied.
No. —. Daisy D. Wilson, petitioner, v. Ralph S. Hinman;
No. 108. Celia Strickland et al., petitioners, v. Humble Oil & Refin-
ing Company et al.;
No. 123. Frank Kuczynski, petitioner, v. Ora H. Cox, Warden,
etc.;
No. 124. Edward R. Handler, petitioner, v. The United States of
America;
No. 132. The Hanna Furnace Corporation, appellant, v. The
United States of America et al.;

MONDAY, NOVEMBER 6, 1944
57
No. 139. Harvey Gilmore Nicholson, petitioner, v. The United
States of America;
No. 140. Albert Clanton Lowery, petitioner, v. The United States
of America;
No. 172. William Peitzman (now William A. Riley) et al., etc.,
petitioners, v. City of Illmo, a municipal corporation;
No. 177. J. M. Ledbetter, Jr., Administrator c. t. a., etc., et al.,
petitioners, v. Farmers Bank & Trust Company et al.;
No. 183. Conrad Marino and Gabriel Vigorito, petitioners, v. The
United States of America;
No. 184. J. F. Taylor et al., as Trustees, etc., appellants, v. Mary
Emma Payne, as administratrix, etc.;
No. 194. Mary P. Finlayson et al., appellants, v. Town of Monti-
cello, a municipal corporation, etc.;
No. 229. Stanley Taylor, petitioner, v. The United States of
America;
No. 244. William C. Dennick, administrator, etc., appellant, v.
The Miami Savings & Loan Company;
No. 256. Walter A. Leimer, petitioner, v. Fred B. Hulse et al.;
No. 269. Charles Arthur Nesselrotte, petitioner, v. The United
States of America;
No. 270. George Emanuel Black, petitioner, v. The United States
of America;
No. 275. North Coast Transportation Company et al., appellants,
v. The United States of America et al.;
No. 282. Lillian E. Ravenscroft, petitioner, v. George A. Casey
et al.;
No. 305. Matthew Nowak, petitioner, v. The People of the State of
Illinois;
No. 311. Charles D. Offhouse et al., appellants, v. The Board of
Education of the City of Paterson in the County of Passaic;
No. 330. The People of the State of Illinois, ex rel. Reconstruction
Finance Corporation etc., et al., petitioners, v. Board of Education
of the City of Chicago et al.
No. 331. F. J. Lewis, petitioner, v. Board of Education of the City
of Chicago et al.;
No. 332. Irving K. Hutchinson et al., petitioners, v. Board of Edu-
cation of the City of Chicago et al.;
No. 357. Fred Steffler, petitioner, v. The United States of Amer-
ica; and
No. 361. Honorable Francis G. Caffey, Judge, etc., et al., peti-
tioners, v. The United States of America. The petitions for rehearing
are denied.

MONDAY, NOVEMBER 6, 1944
58
No. 13. Anthony Cramer, petitioner, v. The United States of
America. Reargued by Mr. Harold R. Medina for the petitioner and
by Mr. Solicitor General Fahy for the respondent. Leave granted
petitioner to file a reply brief.
No. 17. The United States of America, appellant, v. Crescent
Amusement Company et al.;
No. 18. The United States of America, appellant, v. Crescent
Amusement Company et al.; and
No. 19. Crescent Amusement Company et al., appellants, v. The
United States of America. Argument commenced by Mr. Assistant
Attorney General Berge for The United States and continued by Mr.
William Waller for Crescent Amusement Co. et al.
Adjourned until tomorrow at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Tuesday, November 7, will be as follows: Nos.
17 (18 and 19), 35, 38, 40, 43, 49, 51, 62, 39 (and 44), and 30.

TUESDAY, NOVEMBER 7, 1944
59
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: The Chief Justice, Mr. Justice Roberts, Mr. Justice Black,
Mr. Justice Reed, Mr. Justice Frankfurter, Mr. Justice Douglas, Mr.
Justice Murphy, Mr. Justice Jackson, and Mr. Justice Rutledge.
Harriet F. Pilpel, of New York City; Wilhelmina S. Ludwig, of
Washington, L. C.; Harvey N. Black, of Portland, Oreg.; Aubrey A.
Wendt, of Columbus, Ohio; Frederick Woodridge, of Cleveland, Ohio;
Curtis Chandler Williams, Jr., of Cleveland, Ohio; Arthur C. Baker,
of San Francisco, Calif.; Frank Marcellino, of New York City; Mar-
cus Cohn, of Tulsa, Okla.; Helmer R. Johnson, of Chicago, Ill.; Wil-
liam L. Roller, of Chicago, Ill.; Edward W. Haines, of Toms River,
N. J.; Edwin L. Robinson, of Morocco, Ind.; William J. Wertz, of
Wichita, Kans.; and William C. Dixon, of Cleveland, Ohio, were
admitted to practice.
No. 17. The United States of America, appellant, v. Crescent
Amusement Company et al.;
No. 18. The United States of America, appellant, v. Crescent
Amusement Company et al.; and
No. 19. Crescent Amusement Company et al., appellants, v. The
United States of America. Argument continued by Mr. William
Waller for the Crescent Amusement Co. and concluded by Mr. Robert
L. Wright for The United States.
No. 35. Gustav H. Kann, petitioner, v. The United States of
America. Argued by Mr. Simon E. Sobeloff for the petitioner and
by Mr. William A. Paisley for the respondent.
No. 38. The Hooven & Allison Company, petitioner, v. William
S. Evatt, Tax Commissioner of Ohio. Argument commenced by Mr.
Luther Day for the petitioner and continued by Mr. Curtis C. Wil-
liams, Jr., for the petitioner.
Adjourned until tomorrow at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Wednesday, November 8, will be as follows: Nos.
38, 40, 43, 49, 51, 62, 39 (and 44), 30, 65, and 63.
☑

WEDNESDAY, NOVEMBER 8, 1944
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
60
Present: The Chief Justice, Mr. Justice Roberts, Mr. Justice Black,
Mr. Justice Reed, Mr. Justice Frankfurter, Mr. Justice Douglas, Mr.
Justice Murphy, Mr. Justice Jackson, and Mr. Justice Rutledge.
Irene Vivian Wright, of Pontiac, Mich.; Robert H. Canan, of Santa
Monica, Calif.; Sylvan Gotshal, of New York City; and Cyril Cole-
man, of Hartford, Conn., were admitted to practice.
No. 38. The Hooven & Allison Company, petitioner, v. William S.
Evatt, Tax Commissioner of Ohio. Argument continued by Mr.
Curtis C. Williams, Jr., for the petitioner and concluded by Mr. Aubrey
A. Wendt for the respondent.
No. 40. Gath P. Freeman, Trustee, etc., appellant, v. Gilbert K.
Hewit, Director of Gross Income Tax Division, Department of Treas-
ury, State of Indiana. Argued by Mr. Gath P. Freeman for the
appellant and by Mr. Winslow VanHorne for the appellee.
No. 43. The United States of America, appellant, v. Margaret M.
Johnson et al., etc. Argued by Mr. W. Marvin Smith for the appel-
lant and by Mr. H. Albert Young for the appellees.
No. 49. The Western Union Telegraph Company, petitioner, v.
Katharine F. Lenroot, Chief of The Children's Bureau, United States
Department of Labor. Argument commenced by Mr. Francis R.
Stark for the petitioner and continued by Mr. Douglas B. Maggs for
the respondent.
Adjourned until tomorrow at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Thursday, November 9, will be as follows: Nos. 49,
51, 62, 39 (and 44), 30, 65, 63, 57 (58 and 59), 37, and 45.
597362-44- -19

THURSDAY, NOVEMBER 9, 1944
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
61
Present: The Chief Justice, Mr. Justice Roberts, Mr. Justice Black,
Mr. Justice Reed, Mr. Justice Frankfurter, Mr. Justice Douglas, Mr.
Justice Murphy, Mr. Justice Jackson, and Mr. Justice Rutledge.
Orval H. Patterson, of San Francisco, Calif.; Milton C. Borenstein,
of Chelsea, Mass.; Walter F. Rogers, of Jacksonville, Fla.; and
Charles Grey Morgan, of Memphis, Tenn., were admitted to practice.
No. 386. In the matter of Hulon Capshaw, an attorney, petitioner.
Time within which to file petition for rehearing extended to and
including November 24, next.
No. 49. The Western Union Telegraph Company, petitioner, v.
Katharine F. Lenroot, Chief of the Children's Bureau, United States
Department of Labor. Argument continued by Mr. Douglas B.
Maggs for the respondent and concluded by Mr. Francis R. Stark for
the petitioner.
No. 51. Stella Barber, petitioner, v. B. George Barber. Argued
by Mr. C. W. K. Meacham for the petitioner and case submitted by
Mr. J. Clifford Curry for the respondent.
No. 62. Spector Motor Service, Inc., petitioner, v. Charles J. Mc-
Laughlin, Tax Commissioner, et al. Argued by Mr. J. Ninian Beall
and Mr. Cyril Coleman for the petitioner and by Mr. Frank J. Di
Sesa for the respondent.
No. 39. Wilbur V. Keegan, petitioner, v. The United States of
America;
No. 44. Gerhard Wilhelm Kunze et al., petitioners, v. The United
States of America; and
No. 30. Willard Irwin Singer and Martin H. Singer, petitioners, v.
The United States of America. Leave granted Mr. William H. Tim-
bers to appear and present oral argument pro hac vice on motion of
Mr. John F. X. Finn. Argument commenced by Mr. John F. X. Finn
for the petitioners on the consolidated brief in No. 44; continued
by Mr. Harold W. Hastings for said petitioners; and by Mr. William
H. Timbers for said petitioners, pro hac vice, by special leave of court.
Adjourned until tomorrow at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Friday, November 10, will be as follows: Nos. 39
(44 and 30), 65, 63, 57 (58 and 59), 37, 45, 160, 200, 66 (and 67),
and 52 (53 and 54).
597362-44- -20

FRIDAY, NOVEMBER 10, 1944
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
62
Present: The Chief Justice, Mr. Justice Roberts, Mr. Justice
Black, Mr. Justice Reed, Mr. Justice Frankfurter, Mr. Justice Douglas,
Mr. Justice Murphy, Mr. Justice Jackson, and Mr. Justice Rutledge.
Frederick L. Wheeler, of New York City; Louis S. Weiss, of New
York City; Wyman C. Knapp, of San Francisco, Calif.; Cannon B.
McMahan, of Okmulgee, Okla.; English Showalter, of Roanoke, Va.;
John B. Spiers, of Radford, Va.; Edward A. Sibley, of San Antonio,
Tex.; and Peter J. Donoghue, of New York City, were admitted to
practice.
No. 766. October Term, 1943. The Hudson & Manhattan Rail-
road Company, appellant, v. The City of Jersey City et al. Time
within which to file petition for rehearing extended to December 9,
next.
No. 39. Wilbur V. Keegan, petitioner, v. The United States of
America;
No. 44. Gerhard Wilhelm Kunze et al., petitioners, v. The United
States of America; and
No. 30. Willard Irwin Singer and Martin H. Singer, petitioners, v.
The United States of America. Argument continued by Mr. William
H. Timbers for the petitioners on the consolidated brief in No. 44,
pro hac vice, by special leave of court; by Mr. James M. McInerney
for the respondent; by Mr. William H. Timbers for the petitioners
on the consolidated brief in No. 44, pro hac vice, by special leave of
court; by Mr. Harold H. Hastings for said petitioners; and con-
cluded by Mr. John F. X. Finn for said petitioners; and cases sub-
mitted by Wilbur V. Keegan pro se in No. 39; by John C. Fitting,
Carl Berg, Martin Ernest Christoph; William C. Kunz, William
Ottersbach, Max Rapp, and Louis Schatz, pro se in No. 44; and by
Mr. John W. Cragun and Mr. William Stanley for the petitioners in
No. 30. Leave granted petitioners in No. 44 to file a reply brief by
Thursday next.
No. 65. The United States of America, petitioner, v. Waddill, Hol-
land & Flinn, Inc., et al. Argued by Mr. Paul A. Sweeney for the
petitioner and by Mr. Rutledge C. Clement for the respondents.
597362-44--21

FRIDAY, NOVEMBER 10, 1944
63
No. 63. The Northwestern Bands of Shoshone Indians, petitioners,
v. The United States. Argument commenced by Mr. Ernest L. Wil-
kinson for the petitioners.
Adjourned until Monday, next, at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Monday, November 13, will be as follows: Nos. 63,
57 (58 and 59), 37, 45, 160, 200, 66 (and 67), 52 (53 and 54),
220 (221 and 222), and 307.
☑

MONDAY, NOVEMBER 13, 1944
64
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: The Chief Justice, Mr. Justice Roberts, Mr. Justice Black,
Mr. Justice Reed, Mr. Justice Frankfurter, Mr. Justice Douglas, Mr.
Justice Murphy, Mr. Justice Jackson, and Mr. Justice Rutledge.
Wilma C. Martin, of Pueblo, Colo.; Vincent John Pugher, of Cleve-
land, Ohio; Richard K. Yeamans, of Los Angeles, Calif.; William P.
Morrison, Jr., of Oklahoma City, Okla.; Roscoe Cross, of Boston,
Mass.; Charles R. Mathis, Jr., of Panama City, Fla.; Jesse R. O'Malley,
of Brown City, Mich.; Philip Handelman, of New York City; William
Henning Rubin, of Chicago, Ill.; Lynn Dale Coffman, of Schenectady,
N. Y.; W. Howard Mann, of Iowa City, Iowa; and John Joseph
Mahony, Jr., of Cleveland, Ohio, were admitted to practice.
The Chief Justice said:
"The orders of the Court appear upon the list certified by the Chief
Justice and filed with the Clerk and will not be announced orally."
No. 41. Wilson McCarthy and Henry Swan, Trustees of the Denver
& Rio Grande Western Railroad Company et al., petitioners, v. E. E.
Bruner. On writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Utah. Per
curiam: In this case, certiorari was granted, 322 U. S. -, upon a
petition which urged that the Utah Supreme Court erred in affirming a
judgment for the respondent upon the ground that a verdict could
have been directed for respondent upon the issues of negligence and
contributory negligence. On oral argument and submission, it ap-
pears that these contentions are not decisive of the case, since the issues
of negligence and contributory negligence were in fact submitted to
the jury, and since petitioners' contentions, made after the granting
of certiorari, that the trial court erred in instructing or failing to
instruct the jury on these issues, are either insubstantial or not prop-
erly raised on the record. The writ of certiorari is therefor dis-
missed as improvidently granted.
No. 450. Scott A. Belden, on behalf of himself, etc., 'appellants, v.
The Union Central Life Insurance Company; and
No. 597. Nathan Koplin, on behalf of himself, etc., appellants, v.
The Ohio National Life Insurance Company. Appeals from the Su-
preme Court of Ohio. Per curiam: In each of these cases the motion
to dismiss is granted and the appeal is dismissed for the reason that
the judgment of the court below is based upon a non-federal ground
597362-44- -22

MONDAY, NOVEMBER 13, 1944
65
adequate to support it. Petrie v. Nampa and Meridian Irrigation
District, 248 U. S. 154, 158.
No. 473. Guy M. Turner and Frank B. Turner, doing business as
Turner's Transfer, appellants, v. The United States of America et al.
Appeal from the District Court of the United States for the Middle
District of North Carolina. Per curiam: The motion to affirm is
granted and the judgment is affirmed. United States v. Carolina
Freight Carriers Corporation, 315 U. S. 475, 480-81.
No. 479. Public Service Commission (State Division of the Depart-
ment of Public Service of the State of New York) et al., appellants, v.
The United States of America et al. Appeal from the District Court
of the United States for the Southern District of New York. Per
curiam: On remand of the case of City of Yonkers v. United States,
320 U. S. 685, to the Interstate Commerce Commission for further
findings, the Commission reopened the case, took further evidence,
and made additional findings. Upon examination of the case now
here on appeal we conclude that those findings are sufficient to support
the order, and the evidence is sufficient to support the findings. The
judgment is affirmed.
No. Ex parte William Dainard, petitioner; and
-
No. Ex parte Dorsey McMahan, petitioner. The motions for
leave to file petitions for writs of mandamus are denied.
No.. Ex parte Louis Moskovitz, petitioner;
No.. Ex parte William H. Alexander, petitioner; and
No.. Ex parte Jesse Bowe, petitioner. The motions for leave to
file petitions for writs of habeas corpus are denied.
No. 446. Ambassador, Inc., Washington-Annapolis Hotel Com-
pany, et al., appellants, v. The United States of America et al.;
No. 560. State of North Carolina et al., appellants, v. The United
States of America et al.; and
No. 561. Fred M. Vinson, Economic Stabilization Director, etc.,
appellants, v. The United States of America, et al. In these cases
probable jurisdiction is noted.
No. 574. The State of Alabama and Public Service Commission
et al., appellants, v. The United States of America et al.; and
No. 592. Fred M. Vinson, Economic Stabilization Director, etc.,
appellant, v. The United States of America et al. In these cases
probable jurisdiction is noted and the cases are assigned for argument
immediately following Nos. 560 and 561.
No. 510. Market Street Railway Company, appellant, v. Railroad
Commission of the State of California et al.; and
No. 511. Market Street Railway Company, appellant, v. Railroad
Commission of the State of California et al. Further consideration

MONDAY, NOVEMBER 13, 1944
66
of the question of the jurisdiction of this court in these cases is post-
poned to the hearing of the cases on the merits.
No. 265. Clarence W. Blair, petitioner, v. Baltimore & Ohio Rail-
road Company. The motion by petitioner for leave to proceed further
herein in forma pauperis is granted.
No. 50. The Dow Chemical Company, petitioner, v. Halliburton Oil
Well Cementing Company; and
No. 61. Halliburton Oil Well Cementing Company, petitioner, v.
The Dow Chemical Company. The motion to pass these cases until
February next is granted.
No. 42. M. Claude Screws, Frank Edward Jones, and Jim Bob
Kelly, petitioners, v. The United States of America. The motion for
leave to file brief of the National Association for the Advancement
of Colored People as amicus curiae is granted.
No. 520. Fred G. Drummond, petitioner, v. The United States of
America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of
Appeals for the Tenth Circuit granted.
No. 523. The United States of America, petitioner, v. Frankfort
Distilleries, Inc.;
No. 524. The United States of America, petitioner, v. National Dis-
tillers Products Corporation;
No. 525. The United States of America, petitioner, v. Brown For-
man Distillers Corporation;
No. 526. The United States of America, petitioner, v. Hiram
Walker, Incorporated;
No. 527. The United States of America, petitioner, v. Schenley
Distillers Corporation;
No. 528. The United States of America, petitioner, v. Seagram-
Distillers Corporation;
No. 529. The United States of America, petitioner, v. McKesson &
Robbins, Incorporated; and
No. 530. The United States of America, petitioner, v. J. E. Speegle.
Petition for writs of certiorari to the Circuit Court of Appeals for the
Tenth Circuit granted.
No. 296. Panhandle Eastern Pipe Line Company et al., petitioners,
v. Federal Power Commission et al. Petition for writ of certiorari
to the Circuit Court of Appeals for the Eighth Circuit granted, limited
to the third question presented by the petition for the writ and the
case transferred to the summary docket.
No. 379. Colorado Interstate Gas Company, petitioner, v. Federal
Power Commission et al.; and
No. 380. Canadian River Gas Company, petitioner, v. Federal
Power Commission et al. In No. 379 the petition for writ of certiorari
to the Circuit Court of Appeals for the Tenth Circuit is granted

MONDAY, NOVEMBER 13, 1944
67
limited to the fifth and sixth questions presented by the petition for
the writ. In No. 380 the petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit
Court of Appeals for the Tenth Circuit is granted limited to the
eighth question presented by the petition for the writ. The cases are
assigned for argument immediately following No. 296.
No. 575. Colorado-Wyoming Gas Company, petitioner, v. Federal
Power Commission et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Cir-
cuit Court of Appeals for the Tenth Circuit granted limited to the
seventh question presented by the petition for the writ. The case is
transferred to the summary docket and assigned for argument imme-
diately following Nos. 379 and 380.
No. 518. M. C. Garber, petitioner, v. Ralph Crews et al. Petition
for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of Appeals for the Tenth
Circuit granted limited to the first question presented by the petition
for the writ and the case is transferred to the summary docket.
No. 470. American Power & Light Company, petitioner, v. Securi-
ties and Exchange Commission. Petition for writ of certiorari to
the Circuit Court of Appeals for the First Circuit granted and the
case transferred to the summary docket.
No. 534. Estate of Henry W. Putnam, Guaranty Trust Company of
New York, executor, petitioner, v. Commissioner of Internal Revenue.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of Appeals for the
Second Circuit granted and the case transferred to the summary
docket.
No. 554. L. Elwood Dize, trading as Dize Box Company, petitioner,
v. Lake Maddrix. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court
of Appeals for the Fourth Circuit granted limited to question 2 (d)
presented by the petition for the writ and the case is transferred to the
summary docket and assigned for argument immediately following
No. 445. Counsel are requested to discuss in their briefs and upon
oral argument the question whether the validity of the alleged release
or accord is governed by federal or by state law. The Solicitor
General is invited to file a brief amicus curiae if so advised.
No. 500. Sewell Hats, Inc., petitioner, v. National Labor Relations
Board. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of Ap-
peals for the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 504. Jesse Mitchell et al., as members of the State Tax Com-
mission of Missouri et al., petitioners, v. State of Missouri, at the rela-
tion of The Cairo Bridge Commission, a body corporate and politic.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Missouri
denied.
No. 509. The United States of America, petitioner, v. Harry N.
Baetjer et al., trustees. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit
Court of Appeals for the First Circuit denied.

MONDAY, NOVEMBER 13, 1944
68
No. 513. Cooperstown Corporation, petitioner, v. Commissioner of
Internal Revenue. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court
of Appeals for the Third Circuit denied.
No. 515. Ferdinand W. Roebling III, petitioner, v. Commissioner
of Internal Revenue. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit
Court of Appeals for the Third Circuit denied.
No. 519. G. E. Munger, Ruth Munger, and Florence Gannon Lovell,
petitioners, v. Ralph Crews, Charley Crews, et al.; and
No. 541. Clowrene Gentry Hoehn, J. M. Gentry, et al., petitioners,
v. Ralph Crews, Charley Crews, et al. Petitions for writs of cer-
tiorari to the Circuit Court of Appeals for the Tenth Circuit denied.
No. 533. Irving Air Chute Company, Inc., petitioner, v. Commis-
sioner of Internal Revenue. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
Circuit Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit denied.
No. 536. Shepard Benjamin, petitioner, v. Joseph Jaspan, as
Trustee, etc. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of
Appeals for the Second Circuit denied.
No. 537. Great American Indemnity Company, petitioner, v.
Lyman Fleniken et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit
Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 538. Montgomery Ward & Co., Incorporated, petitioner, v.
National War Labor Board et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to
the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the District of Colum-
bia denied.
No. 551. Clifford and Kathryn Goldsmith, petitioners, v. Commis-
sioner of Internal Revenue. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
Circuit Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit denied.
No. 553. M. E. Blatt Company, petitioner, v. National Labor Rela-
tions Board. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of
Appeals for the Third Circuit denied.
No. 496. The Terminal and Shaker Heights Realty Co., petitioner,
v. Charles L. Bradley and John P. Murphy. Petition for writ of
certiorari to the Circuit Court of Appeals for the Sixth Circuit
denied.
No. 542. Joseph P. Bass, petitioner, v. Baltimore & Ohio Terminal
Railroad Company. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit
Court of Appeals for the Tenth Circuit denied for the reason that ap-
plication therefor was not made within the time provided by law.
Sec. 8 (a), Act of February 13, 1925 (43 Stat. 936, 940), 28 U. S. C.,
sec. 350.
No. 516. John Ferguson, petitioner, v. Commonwealth of Massa-
chusetts. On petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Judicial
Court of Massachusetts;

MONDAY, NOVEMBER 13, 1944
69
No. 531. Custer M. Coyle, petitioner, v. The People of the State of
California, Robert A. Heinze et al. On petition for writ of certiorari
to the Supreme Court of California; and
No. 621. Loren Cleveland, petitioner, v. Paul E. Kaiser, Warden,
etc. On petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Mis-
souri. The motions for leave to proceed in forma pauperis are
granted. The petitions for writs of certiorari are denied.
No. 98. John W. Roxborough, petitioner, v. The People of the State
of Michigan;
No. 99. Everett I. Watson, petitioner, v. The People of the State of
Michigan;
No. 248. Ben F. Mason, petitioner, v. Bert O. Webb, Superin-
tendent, etc.;
No. 281. Samuel Sandberg et al., petitioners, v. New England
Novelty Co., Inc.;
No. 291. William F. Herron, petitioner, v. The State Bar of Cali-
fornia;
No. 321. Shreveport Engraving Company, Inc., petitioner, v. The
United States of America;
No. 374. Raymond Mimee, petitioner, v. The People of the State of
California; and
No. Ex parte Raymond Mimee, petitioner;
-
No. 385. J. L. Brandeis & Sons, petitioner, v. National Labor Rela-
lations Board;
No. 407. Albert Morris, petitioner, v. The People of the State of
California; and
No. Ex parte Albert Morris, petitioner. The petitions for
rehearing are denied.
No.. Ex parte Ann H. P. Kent, for and on behalf of Tyler Kent,
petitioner. The petition for rehearing and for other relief is denied.
No. 155. Ernest H. Denicke and Mary E. Doble, petitioners, v. The
Anglo California National Bank of San Francisco et al.;
No. 196. Ernest H. Denicke, petitioner, v. R. D. Brigham, Walter
E. Buck et al; and
No. 197. Mary E. Doble, petitioner, v. Walter E. Buck, R. Stanley
Dollar, et al. The petitions for rehearing and for other relief are
denied.
No. Ernest H. Denicke and Mary E. Doble, petitioners, v. The
United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit et al.
The motion for leave to file petition for writ of mandamus is denied.
The Court will take a recess from Monday, November 20th, until
Monday, December 4, next.

MONDAY, NOVEMBER 13, 1944
70
No. 307. Harry W. Cline, Trustee in Bankruptcy of Gold Medal
Laundries, Inc., petitioner, v. Arthur S. Kaplan, Harry Kaplin, et al.
Submitted by Mr. Edward Rothbart for the petitioner and by Mr.
Norman H. Nachman for the respondent.
No. 63. The Northwestern Bands of Shoshone Indians, petitioners,
v. The United States. Argument continued by Mr. Ernest L. Wilkin-
son for the petitioners; by Mr. Robert E. Mulroney for the respondent;
and concluded by Mr. Ernest L. Wilkinson for the petitioners.
Adjourned until tomorrow at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Tuesday, November 14, will be as follows: Nos. 37,
45, 160, 200, 66 (and 67), 52 (53, 54, 55, 220, 221, and 222),
72, 76, 81, and 74.

TUESDAY, NOVEMBER 14, 1944
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
71
Present: The Chief Justice, Mr. Justice Roberts, Mr. Justice Black,
Mr. Justice Reed, Mr. Justice Frankfurter, Mr. Justice Douglas, Mr.
Justice Murphy, Mr. Justice Jackson, and Mr. Justice Rutledge.
Richard F. Fitzsimmons, of Chicago, Ill.; William Douglas Sellers,
of Chicago, Ill.; Gerald J. Koptik, of Chicago, Ill.; Helen Suther-
land Keeling, of Washington, D. C.; and William A. Clineburg, of
Lincoln, Nebr., were admitted to practice.
No. 37. Tom Tunstall, petitioner, v. Brotherhood of Locomotive
Firemen and Enginemen, etc., et al.; and
No. 45. Bester William Steele, petitioner, v. Louisville & Nashville
Railroad Company et al. Motion for leave to file brief of American
Civil Liberties Union, as amicus curiae, submitted by Mr. Geo. S.
Elpern in that behalf.
No. 37. Tom Tunstall, petitioner, v. Brotherhood of Locomotive
Firemen and Enginemen, etc., et al. Motion to dismiss submitted by
Mr. Jas. G. Martin for the respondent Norfolk Southern Railway
Company. Leave granted to withdraw brief of petitioner on motion of
Mr. Charles H. Houston for the petitioner. Argued by Mr. Charles
H. Houston for the petitioner; by Mr. Harold C. Heiss for the re-
spondents Brotherhood of Locomotive Firemen and Enginemen et al.;
and by Mr. James G. Martin for respondent Norfolk Southern Rail-
way Company.
No. 37. Tom Tunstall, petitioner, v. Brotherhood of Locomotive
Firemen and Enginemen, etc., et al.; and
No. 45. Bester William Steele, petitioner, v. Louisville & Nashville
Railroad Company et al. Motion for leave to file brief of National
Association for the Advancement of Colored People, as amicus curiae,
submitted by Mr. Thurgood Marshall in that behalf.
No. 45. Bester William Steele, petitioner, v. Louisville & Nashville
Railroad Company et al. Argument commenced by Mr. Charles H.
Houston for the petitioner; continued by Mr. James A. Simpson for
the respondents Brotherhood of Locomotive Firemen and Enginemen
and W. H. Thomas; and by Mr. Charles H. Eyster for the respondent
Louisville and Nashville Railroad Co.
Adjourned until tomorrow at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Wednesday, November 15, will be as follows: Nos.
45, 160, 200, 66 (and 67), 52 (53, 54, 200, 221, and 222),
72, 76, 81, 74, and 83.
597362-44- -23

WEDNESDAY, NOVEMBER 15, 1944
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
72
Present: The Chief Justice, Mr. Justice Roberts, Mr. Justice Black,
Mr. Justice Reed, Mr. Justice Frankfurter, Mr. Justice Douglas, Mr.
Justice Murphy, Mr. Justice Jackson, and Mr. Justice Rutledge.
Francis J. Crowley, of New York City; Joseph Krimsky, of New
York City; Rodham Carroll Routledge, of San Antonio, Tex.; Wil-
liam C. Stephens, of Centralia, Ill.; Richard Gladstein, of San Fran-
cisco, Calif.; Jerome A. Levinson, of Minneapolis, Minn.; Murray
Koenig, of New York City; R. Walston Chubb, of St. Louis, Mo.;
Frances A. Basar, of Cleveland, Ohio; Alfred A. Green, of Daytona
Beach, Fla.; Frank Wolf Waikart, of Washington, D. C.; Robert
Granville Burke, of New York City; and Mose E. Boiarsky, of
Charleston, W. Va., were admitted to practice.
No. 391. Richard Rice, petitioner, v. Neil Olson, Warden, etc. It
is ordered that Barton H. Kuhns, Esq., of Omaha, Nebraska, be ap-
pointed to serve as counsel for the petitioner in this case.
No. 45. Bester William Steele, petitioner, v. Louisville & Nashville
Railroad Company et al. Argument continued by Mr. Charles H.
Eyster for the respondent Louisville and Nashville R. R. Co., and
concluded by Mr. Charles H. Houston for the petitioner.
No. 160. Elgin, Joliet and Eastern Railway Company, petitioner,
v. G. W. Burley et al. Argued by Mr. Paul R. Conaghan for the
petitioner and by Mr. John H. Gately for the respondents.
No. 200. Order of Railway Conductors of America, H. W. Fraser,
as President, etc., et al., petitioners, v. The Pennsylvania Railroad
Company et al. Argued by Mr. Rufus G. Poole for the petitioners;
by Mr. Bernard M. Savage for the respondent Brotherhood of Rail-
road Trainmen; and by Mr. John B. Prizer for the respondent
Pennsylvania Railroad Company.
No. 66. The Wallace Corporation, petitioner, v. National Labor
Relations Board; and
No. 67. Richwood Clothespin & Dish Workers' Union, petitioner,
v. National Labor Relations Board. Argument commenced by Mr.
R. Walston Chubb for the petitioner in No. 66.
Adjourned until tomorrow at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Thursday, November 16, will be as follows: Nos.
66 (and 67), 52 (53, 54, 220, 221, and 222), 72, 76, 81,
74, and 83.
507269 ΛΑ
04

THURSDAY, NOVEMBER 16, 1944
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
73
Present: The Chief Justice, Mr. Justice Roberts, Mr. Justice Black,
Mr. Justice Reed, Mr. Justice Frankfurter, Mr. Justice Douglas, Mr.
Justice Murphy, Mr. Justice Jackson, and Mr. Justice Rutledge.
Samuel Denson, of Hackensack, N. J.; Joseph Mocco, of North
Bergen, N. J.; Robert E. Flaherty, of Newark, N. J.; Thomas L.
Preston, of Norfolk, Va.; Geo. V. Credle, Jr., of Norfolk, Va.; Joseph
M. Culp, of Ardmore, Okla.; and Lester W. Spillane, of Portland,
Oreg., were admitted to practice.
No. 66. The Wallace Corporation, petitioner, v. National Labor
Relations Board; and
No. 67. Richwood Clothespin & Dish Workers' Union, petitioner,
v. National Labor Relations Board. Argument continued by Mr. R.
Walston Chubb for the petitioner in No. 66; by Mr. M. E. Boiarsky for
the petitioner in No. 67; by Mr. Alvin J. Rockwell for the respondent;
and concluded by Mr. R. Walston Chubb for the petitioner in No. 66.
No. 52. Commissioner of Internal Revenue, petitioner, v. The Scot-
tish American Investment Company, Limited;
No. 53. Commissioner of Internal Revenue, petitioner. v. British
Assets Trust, Limited;
No. 54. Commissioner of Internal Revenue, petitioner. v. Second
British Assets Trust, Limited;
No. 220. The Scottish American Investment Company, Limited,
petitioner, v. Commissioner of Internal Revenue;
No. 221. British Assets Trust, Limited, petitioner, v. Commissioner
of Internal Revenue; and
No. 222. Second British Assets Trust, Limited, petitioner, v. Com-
missioner of Internal Revenue. Argued by Mr. J. Louis Monarch for
the Commissioner of Internal Revenue and by Mr. Marion N. Fisher
for the Scottish American Investment Co., Limited, et al.
No. 72. The United States, petitioner, v. Standard Rice Company,
Inc. Argued by Miss Helen R. Carloss for the petitioner and by Mr.
M. K. Eckert for the respondent.
No. 76. The United States of America, petitioner, v. General Motors
Corporation. Argument commenced by Mr. Vernon L. Wilkinson for
the petitioner.
Adjourned until tomorrow at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Friday, November 17, will be as follows: Nos. 76,
81, and 74.
597362-44- -25

FRIDAY, NOVEMBER 17, 1944
74
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: The Chief Justice, Mr. Justice Roberts, Mr. Justice Black,
Mr. Justice Reed, Mr. Justice Frankfurter, Mr. Justice Douglas, Mr.
Justice Murphy, Mr. Justice Jackson, and Mr. Justice Rutledge.
Abraham Mitnovetz, of New York City; Harry Newton White, Jr.,
of Wilmington, Del.; Max C. Nelson of St. Louis, Mo.; John William
Christensen, of Philadelphia, Pa.; George T. Madison, of Bastrop, La.;
Ralph Wigmore Edwards, of Cleveland, Ohio; John A. Caddell, of
Decatur, Ala.; and Perry M. Chadwick, of Chicago, Ill., were admitted
to practice.
No. 76. The United States of America, petitioner, v. General Motors
Corporation. Argument continued by Mr. Vernon L. Wilkinson for
the petitioner and concluded by Mr. John Thomas Smith for the re-
spondent.
No. 81. Otis & Co., petitioner, v. Securities and Exchange Commis-
sion and the United Light and Power Company. Argument com-
menced by Mr. Arthur G. Logan for the petitioner; continued by Mr.
Roger S. Foster for the respondent Securities and Exchange Com-
mission; by Mr. Donald R. Richberg for the respondent United Light
and Power Company; and concluded by Mr. Robert J. Bulkley for
the petitioner.
No. 74. Jeff Busby and Vernon Lowry v. Electric Utilities Em-
ployees Union, etc. Argued by Mr. Warren E. Magee for Busby and
by Mr. John J. Carmody for Electric Utilities Employees Union.
Adjourned until Monday, November 20, next, at 12 o'clock.
507362 .44
26

MONDAY, NOVEMBER 20, 1944
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
75
Present: The Chief Justice, Mr. Justice Roberts, Mr. Justice Black,
Mr. Justice Reed, Mr. Justice Frankfurter, Mr. Justice Douglas, Mr.
Justice Murphy, Mr. Justice Jackson, and Mr. Justice Rutledge.
Irving Jaffe, of New York City; Joseph Swan Platt, of Columbus,
Ohio; T. Brooke Price, of New York City; Edwin Grossman, of St.
Louis, Mo.; Abraham J. Harris, of Chicago, Ill.; Ulysses Allison
Gribble, of San Francisco, Calif.; Vincent E. Cucci, of New York City;
Reuben B. Shemitz, of New York City; Sydney Ulysses Craig, of New
York City; James Branch Hodges, of Lake City, Fla.; Stanley D.
Waxberg, of New York City; Herbert B. Lazarus, of New York City;
Stuart E. Lampe, of Louisville, Ky.; Norman C. Parker, of St. Louis,
Mo.; Frederick L. Newdick, of McArthur, Ohio; and Edward Feld-
man, of New York City, were admitted to practice.
No. 36. Michael F. McDonald, petitioner, v. Commissioner of In-
ternal Revenue. On writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit
Court of Appeals for the Third Circuit. Judgment affirmed and cause
remanded to the said Circuit Court of Appeals. Mr. Justice Frank-
furter announced the conclusion and judgment of the court and an
opinion in which the Chief Justice, Mr. Justice Roberts, and Mr.
Justice Jackson concur. Mr. Justice Rutledge concurs in the result.
Dissenting opinion by Mr. Justice Black in which Mr. Justice Reed,
Mr. Justice Douglas, and Mr. Justice Murphy join.
No. 33. Commissioner of Internal Revenue, petitioner, v. C. C.
Harmon. On writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of
Appeals for the Tenth Circuit. Judgment reversed and cause re-
manded to the said Circuit Court of Appeals for further proceedings
in conformity with the opinion of this Court. Opinion by Mr. Justice
Roberts. Dissenting opinion by Mr. Justice Douglas in which Mr.
Justice Black concurs.
The Chief Justice said:
"The orders of the Court appear upon the list certified by the Chief
Justice and filed with the Clerk and will not be announced orally."
No. 424. The United States, appellant, v. David McD. Shearer.
Appeal from the Court of Claims; and
No. 532. The United States, petitioner, v. David McD. Shearer.
On petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Claims.
597362-44-27

MONDAY, NOVEMBER 20, 1944
76
76
Per curiam: The appeal is dismissed for want of jurisdiction. Act
of December 17, 1930; Colgate v. United States, 280 U. S. 43; As-
siniboine Indian Tribe v. United States, 292 U. S. 606. Cf. United
States v. Goltra, 312 U. S. 203, 204, n. 1. The petition for writ of cer-
tiorari is denied for the reason that application therefor was not made
within the time provided by law. Act of December 17, 1930.
No. 461. Joshua C. Carter, appellant, v. General American Life
Insurance Company. Appeal from the Supreme Court of Indiana.
Per curiam: The motion to dismiss is granted and the appeal is dis-
missed for want of a properly presented federal question. Dissenting:
Mr. Justice Black.
No. 584. Eurus Cady, appellant, v. The State of Georgia. Appeal
from the Supreme Court of Georgia. Per curiam: The appeal is dis-
missed for want of jurisdiction. Sec. 237 (a), Judicial Code as
amended, 28 U. S. C., sec. 344 (a); United States Supreme Court
Rule 9; Flournoy v. Wiener, 321 U. S. 253, 259, and cases cited; Sea-
board Airline Ry. Co. v. Watson, 287 U. S. 86, 91. Treating the pa-
pers whereon the appeal was allowed as a petition for writ of certiorari
as required by sec. 237 (c) of the Judicial Code as amended, 28 U. S.
C., sec. 344 (c), certiorari is denied.
No. 585. Lucille Putzier, appellant, v. Margaret Richardson. Ap-
peal from the Supreme Court of Arizona. Per curiam: The appeal is
dismissed for want of jurisdiction. Sec. 237 (a), Judicial Code as
amended, 28 U. S. C., sec. 344 (a). Treating the papers whereon the
appeal was allowed as a petition for writ of certiorari as required by
sec. 237 (c) of the Judicial Code as amended, 28 U. S. C., sec. 344 (c),
certiorari is denied.
No. Ex parte Vergil D. McMillan, petitioner. Application
denied.
No.. Ex parte William H. Riccia, petitioner; and
No. . Ex parte Jack A. McCoy, petitioner. The motions for
leave to file petitions for writs of mandamus are denied.
No.
-. Ex parte Green Wilburn, petitioner. The motion for leave
to file petition for writ of habeas corpus is denied.
No. 10, original. The United States of America, complainant, v.
The State of Wyoming et al. The motions of the defendants to ex-
tend the time to and including February 1, 1945, within which to file
answers are granted.
No. 37. Tom Tunstall, petitioner, v. Brotherhood of Locomotive
Firemen and Enginemen, etc., et al.; and
No. 45. Bester William Steele, petitioner, v. Louisville & Nashville
Railroad Company, et al. The motions for leave to file briefs of

MONDAY, NOVEMBER 20, 1944
77
American Civil Liberties Union and National Association for the
Advancement of Colored People as amici curiae are granted.
No. 558. American Trucking Association, Inc. et al., appellants, v.
The United States of America et al. In this case probable jurisdic-
tion is noted and the case is assigned for argument immediately fol-
lowing Nos. 507 and 508.
No. 431. The United States, petitioner, v. Joseph H. Beuttas et al.,
etc. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Claims granted.
No. 559. Federal Trade Commission, petitioner, v. A. E. Staley
Manufacturing Company and Staley Sales Corporation. Petition
for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of Appeals for the Seventh
Circuit granted.
No. 581. Commissioner of Internal Revenue, petitioner, v. Court
Holding Company. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit
Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit granted and the case trans-
fered to the summary docket.
No. 588. Alabama State Federation of Labor, Local Union No. 103,
etc., et al., petitioners, v. Robert E. McAdory, as Solicitor of Jefferson
County, Alabama, et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme
Court of Alabama granted. Counsel are requested to discuss in their
briefs and on oral argument the question whether the record presents
one or more cases or controversies within the meaning of Art III,
Sec. 2 of the Constitution and to state the precise facts giving rise
to, and the issues involved in, each such case or controversy, if any.
The Solicitor General is invited to file a brief amicus curiae if he is
so advised.
No. 444. Addie K. Redmond et al., petitioners, v. Commerce Trust.
Company, as Trustee, etc. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
Circuit Court of Appeals for the Eighth Circuit denied.
No. 503. Addie K. Redmond and Erma H. Parker, petitioners, v.
United Funds Management Corporation, Bankrupt, et al. The mo-
tion to preserve status quo is denied. The petition for writ of cer-
tiorari to the Circuit Court of Appeals for the Eighth Circuit is
denied.
No. 484. Anthony Joseph, petitioner, v. The United States of
America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of Ap-
peals for the Ninth Circuit denied.
No. 501. Dorothy Rintoul, petitioner, v. Sun Life Assurance Com-
pany of Canada. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court
of Appeals for the Seventh Circuit denied.
No. 557. The Kroger Grocery & Baking Company et al., petitioners,
v. The United States of America. Petition for writ of certiorari to
the Circuit Court of Appeals for the Tenth Circuit denied.

MONDAY, NOVEMBER 20, 1944
78
No. 576. Aubrey Hickenbottom, d. b. a. Hickenbottom Motor Com-
pany, et al., petitioners, v. W. J. McCain, Commissioner, et al. Peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Arkansas denied.
No. 577. Joe Bommarito, Ed Carlton Lacy, et al., petitioners, v.
The People of the State of Michigan. Petition for writ of certiorari
to the Supreme Court of Michigan denied.
No. 579. Harry Poretsky, Arthur W. Machen, Trustee, and Thomas
Machen, petitioners, v. Julius H. Wolpe et al, etc. Petition for writ
of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the District
of Columbia denied.
No. 580. Bauer, Pogue & Co., Inc., and Frederick R. Bauer, peti-
tioners, v. Adele D. Trounstine, as ancillary executrix etc. Petition
for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of Appeals for the Second
Circuit denied.
No. 587. Addison E. McCoy and Sara S. McCoy, petitioners, v.
Holly Hill Lumber Company, Inc. Petition for writ of certiorari to
the Supreme Court of South Carolina denied.
No. 590. Irving Elias et al., constituting the Protective Committee,
etc., et al., petitioners, v. Stanley Clarke, Trustee of Associated Gas &
Electric Company, debtor, et al.; and
No. 591. Thatcher C. Jones, et al., etc., petitioners, v. Stanley Clarke,
Trustee of Associated Gas & Electric Company, debtor, et al. Peti-
tion for writs of certiorari to the Circuit Court of Appeals for the
Second Circuit denied.
No. 595. P. D. George, petitioner, v. Commissioner of Internal
Revenue. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of Ap-
peals for the Eighth Circuit denied.
No. 609. Raytheon Production Corporation, petitioner, v. Commis-
sioner of Internal Revenue. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Cir-
cuit Court of Appeals for the First Circuit denied.
No. 569. Robert E. Lee Folkes, petitioner, v. State of Oregon. The
motion for leave to proceed on the typewritten record is granted. The
petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Oregon is
denied.
No. 582. Vernon Sturgeon et al., petitioners, v. Great Lakes Steel
Corporation. On petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court
of Appeals for the Sixth Circuit; and
No. 598. State of Florida, ex rel. B. F. Laing, petitioner, v. John
Scott, Sheriff of Bay County, Florida. On petition for writ of cer-
tiorari to the Supreme Court of Florida. Petitions for writs of cer-
tiorari denied for the reason that applications therefor were not made
within the time provided by law. Sec. 8 (a), Act of February 13, 1925
(43 Stat. 936, 940), 28 U. S. C., sec. 350.

MONDAY, NOVEMBER 20, 1944
79
No. 502. Robert L. Entsminger, petitioner, v. Yazoo & Mississippi
Valley Railroad Company. The motion for leave to proceed in forma
pauperis is granted. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit
Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 596. Herman Kennedy, petitioner, v. Percy A. Lainson, War-
den, etc. The motion for leave to proceed in forma pauperis is granted.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the District Court of the United
States for the Southern District of Iowa denied for want of juris-
diction. 28 U. S. C. 463 (a).
No. 603. William Leva Hough, petitioner, v. The People of the
State of California. The motion for leave to proceed in forma pau-
peris is granted. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court
of California denied. The motion for a stay is also denied.
No. E. C. Curley, appellant, v. The State of Florida;
-.
No. 411. J. R. Mason, petitioner, v. El Dorado Irrigation District;
and
No. 451. The City National Bank and Trust Company, Trustee etc.,
petitioner, v. Commissioner of Internal Revenue. Petitions for re-
hearing denied.
Adjourned until Monday, December 4 next, at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Monday, December 4, will be as follows: Nos. 55,
367, 368 (369 and 370), 57 (58 and 59), 68 (and 69), 388, 71,
485, 75, and 83.

MONDAY, DECEMBER 4, 1944
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
80
Present: The Chief Justice, Mr. Justice Roberts, Mr. Justice Black,
Mr. Justice Reed, Mr. Justice Frankfurter, Mr. Justice Douglas, Mr.
Justice Murphy, Mr. Justice Jackson, and Mr. Justice Rutledge.
Irving R. M. Panzer, of East Hampton, N. Y.; J. R. Booker, of
Little Rock, Ark.; Maurice Edelbaum, of New York City; David
F. Price, of Brooklyn, N. Y.; Tom Elam, of Union City, Tenn.;
William W. Fowlkes, of San Antonio, Tex.; Tracy Heiman Fergu-
son, of Syracuse, N. Y.; Arnold Ralph Ginsburg, of Philadelphia,
Pa.; Mart M. Monaghan, of Minneapolis, Minn.; Edwin L. Blewer,
of Shreveport, La.; Myron P. Gordon, of New York City; Jerome
Harvey Simonds, of Chicago, Ill.; John Hugh Carmichael, Jr., of
Little Rock, Ark.; G. Ellis Gable, of Tulsa, Okla.; Rowell T. Crocker,
of Calhoun City, Miss.; J. Gerald Mayer, of Schenectady, N. Y.;
Francis M. Thompson, of Columbus, Ohio; Fred J. Loughran, of
Brooklyn, N. Y.; Edward Arkin, of New York City; Joseph Kottler,
of Brooklyn, N. Y.; Earl Glen Whitehead, of Los Angeles, Calif.;
Irving Clark, of St. Paul, Minn.; Laforest Stephen Saulsbury, of
New York City; Lester F. Murphy, of East Chicago, Ind.; Julian
Vernon Carabba, of New York City; Walter M. Gleason, of San
Francisco, Calif.; Patrick N. Fusco, of Niles, Ohio; and Otis W. Bul-
lock, of Shreveport, La., were admitted to practice.
No. 28. Claridge Apartments Company, petitioner, v. Commis-
sioner of Internal Revenue; and
No. 29. Claridge Apartments Company, petitioner, v. Commis-
sioner of Internal Revenue. On writs of certiorari to the United
States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Seventh Circuit. Judgments
reversed and cases remanded to the said Circuit Court of Appeals
for further proceedings in conformity with the opinion of this Court.
Opinion by Mr. Justice Rutledge.
No. 73. Armour and Company, petitioner, v. Adam Wantock and
Frank Smith. On writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court
of Appeals for the Seventh Circuit. Judgment affirmed with costs
and cause remanded to the District Court of the United States for
the Northern District of Illinois. Opinion by Mr. Justice Jackson.
No. 12. Jim Skidmore et al., petitioners, v. Swift and Company.
On writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals
597362-44-28

MONDAY, DECEMBER 4, 1944
81
for the Fifth Circuit. Judgment reversed with costs and cause re-
manded to the District Court of the United States for the Northern
District of Texas for further proceedings in conformity with the
opinion of this Court. Opinion by Mr. Justice Jackson.
No. 23. E. Jack Smith, Jack Clark, R. L. Rivers, and W. Corry
Smith, partners trading under the firm name of E. Jack Smith, con-
tractor, petitioners, v. Comer Davis, Reese Perry, and John C. Town-
ley, as Board of County Tax Assessors of Fulton County, et al. On
writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Georgia. Judgment af-
firmed with costs. Opinion by Mr. Justice Murphy.
No. 52. Commissioner of Internal Revenue, petitioner, v. The
Scottish American Investment Company;
No. 53. Commissioner of Internal Revenue, petitioner, v. British
Assets Trust, Limited; and
No. 54. Commissioner of Internal Revenue, petitioner, v. Second
British Assets Trust, Limited. On writs of certiorari to the United
States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Fourth Circuit.
No. 220. The Scottish American Investment Company, Limited,
petitioner, v. Commissioner of Internal Revenue;
No. 221. British Assets Trust, Limited, petitioner, v. Commis-
sioner of Internal Revenue; and
No. 222. Second British Assets Trust, Limited, petitioner, v. Com-
missioner of Internal Revenue. On writs of certiorari to the United
States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Third Circuit. Judgments in
Nos. 52, 53, and 54 affirmed and cases remanded to the Circuit Court
of Appeals for the Fourth Circuit; judgments in Nos. 220, 221, and
222 reversed and cases remanded to the Circuit Court of Appeals for
the Third Circuit for further proceedings in conformity with the
opinion of this Court. Opinion by Mr. Justice Murphy.
No. 72. The United States, petitioner, v. Standard Rice Company,
Inc. On writ of certiorari to the Court of Claims. Judgment affirmed.
Opinion by Mr. Justice Douglas. Dissenting: Mr. Justice Black.
No. 307. Harry W. Cline, Trustee in Bankruptcy of Gold Medal
Laundries, Inc., petitioner, v. Arthur S. Kaplan, Harry Koplin, and
Budget Launderers, Inc., etc. On writ of certiorari to the Circuit
Court of Appeals for the Seventh Circuit. Judgment affirmed with
costs and cause remanded to the District Court of the United
States for the Northern District of Illinois. Opinion by Mr. Justice.
Frankfurter.
No. 62. Spector Motor Service, Inc., petitioner, v. Charles J. Mc-
Laughlin, Tax Commissioner, Walter W. Walsh, substituted defend-
ant. On writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of Ap-
peals for the Second Circuit. Judgment of the Circuit Court of Ap-
peals vacated and cause remanded to the District Court of the United
States for the District of Connecticut with directions to retain the

MONDAY, DECEMBER 4, 1944
82
bill pending the determination of proceedings to be brought with
reasonable promptitude in the state court in conformity with the opin-
ion of this Court. Opinion by Mr. Justice Frankfurter. Mr. Justice
Douglas concurs in the result. Dissenting: Mr. Justice Black.
No. 35. Gustav H. Kann, petitioner, v. The United States of Amer-
ica. On writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of Ap-
peals for the Fourth Circuit. Judgment reversed and cause remanded
to the District Court of the United States for the District of Mary-
land for further proceedings in conformity with the opinion of this
Court. Opinion by Mr. Justice Roberts. Dissenting opinion by Mr.
Justice Douglas in which Mr. Justice Black, Mr. Justice Jackson,
and Mr. Justice Rutledge concur.
No. 74. Jeff Busby and Vernon Lowrey, v. Electric Utilities Em-
ployees Union, etc. On certificate from the United States Court of
Appeals for the District of Columbia. Certificate dismissed. Opinion,
per curiam, announced by the Chief Justice. Mr. Justice Rutledge
took no part in the consideration or decision of this case. Concurring
opinion by Mr. Justice Frankfurter.
No. 51. Stella Barber, petitioner, v. B. George Barber. On writ of
certiorari to the Supreme Court of the State of Tennessee. Judgment
reversed with costs and cause remanded to the said Supreme Court
for further proceedings not inconsistent with the opinion of this
Court. Opinion by Mr. Chief Justice Stone. Concurring opinion by
Mr. Justice Jackson.
The Chief Justice said:
"The orders of the Court appear upon the list certified by the Chief
Justice and filed with the Clerk and will not be announced orally."
No. 611. The Curators of the Central College, appellant, v. Mary
E. Rose, Collector of Revenue of Howard County, Missouri. Appeal
from thte Supreme Court of Missouri. Per curiam: The appeal is
dismissed for want of a substantial federal question. Chicago &
Alton R. R. Co. v. Tranbarger, 238 U. S. 67, 76; Phelps v. Board of
Education, 300 U. S. 319, 322-23; Keefe v. Clark, 322 U. S. 393, 396.
Mr. Justice Douglas took no part in the consideration or decision of
this case.
No. Ex parte James Preston Bratcher, petitioner ;
-
No.. Ex parte Willie May Maxson McKee, petitioner ;
-
No. —. Winfred William Lynn, petitioner, v. J. A. Ulio, The Adju-
tant General of the Army of the United States, etc. The motions for
leave to file petitions for writs of habeas corpus are denied.
No. Robert Harry Wilson, petitioner, v. United States District
Court for Northern Texas. The motion for leave to file petition for
writ of mandamus is denied.

MONDAY, DECEMBER 4, 1944
83
No. —. George D. Latimer, petitioner, v. Bert O. Webb, Superin-
tendent, etc. The motion for leave to file petition for writ of habeas
corpus and motion for writ of certiorari is denied.
No. —. Ex parte Daisy D. Wilson, petitioner. Application denied.
No. 630. The Barrett Line, Inc., appellant, v. The United States of
America et al. In this case probable jurisdiction is noted.
No. 610. Angelus Milling Company, petitioner, v. Commissioner
of Internal Revenue. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit
Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit granted.
No. 613. Inland Empire District Council, Lumber and Sawmill
Workers Union, Lewiston, Idaho, et al., petitioners, v. Harry A.
Millis, Individually, etc., et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
United States Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia granted.
No. 629. Commissioner of Internal Revenue, petitioner, v. William
H. Wemyss. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of
Appeals for the Sixth Circuit granted. The case is transferred to the
summary docket and assigned for argument immediately following
No. 126.
No. 578. Commissioner of Internal Revenue, petitioner, v. Estate
of Lester Field, deceased, et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
Circuit Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit granted. The case
is transferred to the summary docket and assigned for argument
immediately following No. 263.
No. 608. A. H. Phillips, Inc., petitioner, v. L. Metcalfe Walling,
Administrator, etc. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit
Court of Appeals for the First Circuit granted and the case trans-
ferred to the summary docket.
No. 212. Dewey White, petitioner, v. Joseph E. Ragen, Warden,
etc.; and
No. 259. Louis Lutz, petitioner, v. Joseph E. Ragen, Warden, etc.
The motions for leave to proceed in forma pauperis are granted.
Petitions for writs of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Illinois are
also granted. These cases are consolidated for argument.
No. 570. Edward A. Hunt and Robert A. Hunt, copartners trading
as Hunt's Motor Freight and Food Products Transport, petitioner, v.
Edward Crumboch, President, et al. Motion for leave to proceed
in forma pauperis is granted. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
Circuit Court of Appeals for the Third Circuit also granted.
No. 599. Otto Lind and The Procter & Gamble Company, peti-
tioners, v. Conway P. Coe, Commissioner of Patents; and
No. 600. Otto Lind and The Procter & Gamble Company, peti-
tioners, v. Conway P. Coe, Commissioner of Patents. Petition for
writs of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the
District of Columbia denied.

MONDAY, DECEMBER 4, 1944
84
No. 612. Spencer, White & Prentis, Inc., petitioner, v. Commis-
sioner of Internal Revenue. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
Circuit Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit denied.
No. 618. Estate of Henry H. Rogers, deceased, et al., etc., peti-
tioners, v. Commissioner of Internal Revenue. Petition for writ of
certiorari to the Circuit Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit
denied.
No. 619. The Creek Indians National Council, by C. W. Ward,
President, et al., petitioners, v. Sinclair Prairie Oil Company et al.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of Appeals for the
Tenth Circuit denied.
No. 623. District of Columbia, a municipal corporation, petitioner,
v. Alphonse J. Vignau and Josephine Vignau. Petition for writ of
certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the District of
Columbia denied.
No. 625. J. H. Jeffers, petitioner, v. S. J. Isaacks, Independent
Executor, etc. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of
Appeals for the Tenth Circuit denied.
So. 628. H. G. House, petitioner, v. The United States of America,
Leona Richard Fox, et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Cir-
cuit Court of Appeals for the Tenth Circuit denied.
No. 632. Grace Line, Inc., petitioner, v. Cuba Distilling Company,
Inc., et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of
Appeals for the Second Circuit denied.
No. 638. Huntman Stabilizer Corporation, petitioner, v. General
Motors Corporation; and
No. 639. Huntman Stabilizer Corporation, petitioner, v. General
Motors Corporation. Petition for writs of certiorari to the Circuit
Court of Appeals for the Third Circuit denied.
No. 606. National Surety Corporation, petitioner, v. The United
States of America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit
Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 640. Great Lakes Dredge & Dock Company, owner of the
Steam tug "John R. Williams", petitioner, v. The United States of
America, owner of submarine Cable No. 555. Petition for writ of
certiorari to the Circuit Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit
denied.
No. 653. American-LaFrance-Foamite Corporation, petitioner, v.
Radcliffe M. Urquhart and George G. Urquhart. Petition for writ
of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the District
of Columbia denied.
No. 646. Flora Regensburg, as Executrix, etc., petitioner, v. Com-
missioner of Internal Revenue;

MONDAY, DECEMBER 4, 1944
85
No. 647. Melville E. Regensburg, petitioner, v. Commissioner of
Internal Revenue;
No. 648. Mortimer Regensburg, petitioner, v. Commissioner of In-
ternal Revenue;
No. 649. Isaac Regensburg, petitioner, v. Commissioner of Internal
Revenue; and
No. 650. Melville E. Regensburg and Sophy Regensburg, peti-
tioners, v. Commissioner of Internal Revenue. Petition for writs of
certiorari to the Circuit Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit
denied.
No. 605. Beacon Milling Company, Inc., petitioner, v. The New
York Central Railroad Company. Petition for writ of certiorari to
the Court of Appeals of New York denied for want of a final judg-
ment.
No. 626. American Scotti Corporation and S. A. Scotti & C. of
Monza, Italy, petitioners, v. Henry Pollak, Inc. The motion for
leave to proceed on the typewritten record is granted. Petition for
writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of New York denied.
No. 624. H. M. Lorber, Roy R. Dempster, et al., petitioners, v.
Vista Irrigation District. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Cir-
cuit Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit denied. Mr. Justice Reed
took no part in the consideration or decision of this application.
No. 645. Mecca Temple of The Ancient Arabic Order of the Nobles
of the Mystic Shrine, petitioner, v. William Darrock. Petition for
writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of Appeals for the Second Cir-
cuit denied. Mr. Justice Black and Mr. Justice Douglas took no part
in the consideration or decision of this application.
No. 543. Walter Fowler, petitioner, v. T. R. Grimes, Sheriff. On
petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Georgia;
So. 562. George Duncan, petitioner, v. United States Circuit Court
of Appeals for the Eighth Circuit. On petition for writ of certiorari
to the Circuit Court of Appeals for the Eighth Circuit;
No. 567. Alton Crapo, petitioner, v. James A. Johnston, Warden,
etc. On petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of Ap-
peals for the Ninth Circuit;
No. 651. Frank Egan, petitioner, v. The People of the State of
California et al. On petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme
Court of California. The motions for leave to proceed in forma
pauperis are granted. The petitions for writs of certiorari are
denied.
No. 386. In the matter of Hulon Capshaw, an Attorney, petitioner;
No. 412. J. R. Mason, petitioner, v. Glenn-Colusa Irrigation Dis-
trict;
No. 440. Max Goldberg, petitioner, v. Reconstruction Finance Cor-
poration;

MONDAY, DECEMBER 4, 1944
86
No. 576. Aubrey Hickenbottom, d. b. a. Hickenbottom Motor Com-
pany, et al., petitioners, v. W. J. McCain, Commissioner, et al.; and
No. 603. William Leva Hough, petitioner, v. The People of the
State of California. Petitions for rehearing denied.
No. 388. Federal Public Housing Authority, formerly United
States Housing Authority, appellant, v. George Guckenberger, Audi-
tor, etc., et al. The motion of Cincinnati Metropolitan Housing Au-
thority for leave to appear and present oral argument as amicus curiae
is granted.
No. 496. The Terminal and Shaker Heights Realty Co., petitioner,
v. Charles L. Bradley et al. The motion to extend the time for filing
petition for rehearing is denied.
No. 719. Mary Burgin Potts, petitioner, v. Hubert H. Potts.
Leave granted petitioner to file brief in support of petition by Decem-
ber 15, next.
No. 676. Joseph T. MacAvoy, petitioner, v. The State of Nebraska.
Time within which to file brief in opposition to petition for writ of
certiorari extended to and including January 3, next, on application
of counsel for the respondent.
No. 153. William R. Johnson, petitioner, v. The United States of
America; and
No. 154. Jack Sommers, James A. Hartigan, et al., petitioners, v.
The United States of America. On petition for writs of certiorari
to the Circuit Court of Appeals for the Seventh Circuit. Dismissed
on motion of counsel for the petitioners.
No. 568. John Earl Surtman, Rupert C. Pfeiffer, et al., petitioners,
v, Herman H. Dignan, Secretary of State of the State of Michigan.
On petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Michigan.
Dismissed per stipulation of counsel.
No. 55. Pacific Gas and Electric Company, petitioner, v. Securities
and Exchange Commission. Argued by Mr. Herman Phleger for
the petitioner and by Mr. Chester T. Lane for the respondent.
No. 367. Morris Malinski and Sidney Rudish, petitioners, v. The
People of the State of New York. Argument commenced by Mr.
John J. Fitzgerald for the petitioners and continued by Mr. David
F. Price for the petitioners.
Adjourned until tomorrow at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Tuesday, December 5, will be as follows: Nos. 367,
368 (369 and 370), 57 (58 and 59), 68 (and 69), 388, 71 (and
485), 75, 83, 85, and 86.
☑

TUESDAY, DECEMBER 5, 1944
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
87
Present: The Chief Justice, Mr. Justice Roberts, Mr. Justice
Black, Mr. Justice Reed, Mr. Justice Frankfurter, Mr. Justice Douglas,
Mr. Justice Murphy, Mr. Justice Jackson, and Mr. Justice Rutledge.
Harold F. Klute, of Niles, Mich.; David E. Scoll, of Washington,
D. C.; Hal W. Stewart, of Findlay, Ohio; Robert Ransom, of San
Francisco, Calif.; Arthur F. Larrabee, of Los Angeles, Calif.; Dana
Converse Backus, of New York City; Jess L. Pullen, of Oklahoma
City, Okla., R. S. McLaughlin, of Los Angeles, Calif.; Wallace E.
Avery of Los Angeles, Calif.; and Wiley Wilson, Jr., of Nashville,
Tenn., were admitted to practice.
No. 367. Morris Maliniski and Sidney Rudish, petitioners, v. The
People of the State of New York. Argument continued by Mr. Solo-
mon A. Klein for the respondent and concluded by Mr. John J. Fitz-
gerald for the petitioners.
No. 368. Gemsco, Inc., et al., petitioners, v. L. Metcalfe Walling,
Administrator etc.;
No. 369. Mildred Maretzo et al., petitioners, v. L. Meltcalfe Wall-
ing, Administrator etc.; and
No. 370. Josephine Guiseppi et al., petitioners, v. L. Metcalfe Wall-
ing, Administrator etc. Argued by Mr. Samuel S. Allan for the
petitioners and by Mr. Seymour D. Altmark and Mr. Archibald Cox
for the respondent.
No. 57. The Associated Press, Paul Bellamy, et al., appellants, v.
The United States of America;
No. 58. Tribune Company et al., appellants, v. The United States
of America; and
No. 59. The United States of America, appellant, v. The Associated
Press, Paul Bellamy, et al. Three hours allowed for oral argument.
Argument commenced by Mr. John T. Cahill for the Associated Press
et al., and continued by Mr. Howard Ellis for the Tribune Company
et al.
Adjourned until tomorrow at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Wednesday, December 6, will be as follows: Nos.
57 (58 and 59), 68 (and 69), 388, 71 (and 458), 75, 83, 85, 86,
137, and 46.
☑
597362-44- -29

WEDNESDAY, DECEMBER 6, 1944
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
88
Present: The Chief Justice, Mr. Justice Roberts, Mr. Justice Black,
Mr. Justice Reed, Mr. Justice Frankfurter, Mr. Justice Douglas, Mr.
Justice Murphy, Mr. Justice Jackson, and Mr. Justice Rutledge.
Maurice Howard Leibowitz, of New York City; Asa Grant Dean,
of St. Louis, Mo.; Howard Vincent Calverly, of Los Angeles, Calif.;
John A. Parker, of Knoxville, Tenn.; John C. Sheppard, of Cam-
bridge, Ohio; and P. Marcell Barceloux, of Chico, Calif., were ad-
mitted to practice.
No. 57. The Associated Press, Paul Bellamy, et al., appellants, v.
The United States of America;
No. 58. Tribune Company et al., appellants, v. The United States
of America; and
No. 59. The United States of America, appellant, v. The Asso-
ciated Press, Paul Bellamy, et al. Argument continued by Mr.
Howard Ellis for The Tribune Co. et al.; by Mr. Charles B. Rugg and
Mr. Assistant Atorney General Berge for the United States; and
concluded by Mr. John T. Cahill for the Associated Press et al.
No. 68. The City of Cleveland, appellant, v. The United States of
America et al.; and
No. 69. John J. Boyle, County Treasurer of Cuyahoga County, et
al., appellants, v. The United States of America et al. Argument
commenced by Mr. Joseph F. Smith for the appellant in No. 68;
continued by Mr. Ralph W. Edwards for the appellants in No. 69; by
Mr. Francis M. Thompson for the Ohio Real Estate Association as
amicus curiae, by special leave of court; and concluded by Mr. Robert
L. Stern for the appellees.
No. 388. Federal Public Housing Authority, formerly United
States Housing Authority, appellant, v. George Guckenberger, Audi-
tor, etc. Argument commenced by Mr. Robert L. Stern for the ap-
pellant and continued by Mr. C. Watson Hover for the appellees.
Adjourned until tomorrow at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Thursday, December 7, will be as follows: Nos.
388, 71 (and 485), 75, 83, 85, 86, 137, 46, 88, and 106.
597362-44-30

THURSDAY, DECEMBER 7, 1944
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
89
Present: The Chief Justice, Mr. Justice Roberts, Mr. Justice Black,
Mr. Justice Reed, Mr. Justice Frankfurter, Mr. Justice Douglas, Mr.
Justice Murphy, and Mr. Justice Rutledge.
Joseph L. Forscher, of New York City; John H. Weir, of New
Haven, Conn.; Bruce W. Manternach, of West Hartford, Conn.; John
Hart Todd, of Dallas, Tex.; Alonzo Barnard Kight, of Washington,
D. C.; James Howard Russell, of Belton, Tex.; Douglas Gould Lillie,
of Belmont, Mass.; Keith L. Seegmiller, of Washington, D. C.; and
George Warren Gold, of Boston, Mass., were admitted to practice.
No. 388. Federal Public Housing Authority, formerly United
States Housing Authority, appellant, v. George Guckenberger, Audi-
tor, etc. Argument continued by Mr. C. Watson Hover for the
appellees and concluded by Mr. Francis T. Bartlett for Cincinnati
Metropolitan Housing Authority as amicus curiae by special leave.
of Court.
No. 71. Roscoe A. Coffman, appellant, v. Breeze Corporation, Inc.,
and The United States of America; and
No. 485. Roscoe A. Coffman, appellant, v. Federal Laboratories,
Inc., and The United States of America. Argued by Mr. James D.
Carpenter, Jr., and Mr. John G. Buchanan for the apppellant and
by Mr. Assistant Attorney General Shea for the appellee The United
States of America. No appearance for the appellees, The Breeze
Corporation, Inc., and Federal Laboratories, Inc.
No. 75. Ford Motor Company, petitioner, v. Department of Treas-
ury of the State of Indiana et al. Argued by Mr. Verne H. Miller
for the petitioner and by Mr. Winslow Van Horne and Mr. John J.
McShane for the appellees. Leave granted petitioner to file reply
brief.
No. 83. State of New York and Saratoga Springs Commission et al.,
petitioners, v. The United States of America. Argument com-
menced by Mr. Henry S. Manley for the petitioners.
Adjourned until tomorrow at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Friday, December 8, will be as follows: Nos. 83,
85, 86, 137, 46, 88, 106, 102, 64, and 134.
☑
597362-44 -31

FRIDAY, DECEMBER 8, 1944
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
90
Present: The Chief Justice, Mr. Justice Roberts, Mr. Justice Black,
Mr. Justice Reed, Mr. Justice Frankfurter, Mr. Justice Douglas, Mr.
Justice Murphy, Mr. Justice Jackson, and Mr. Justice Rutledge.
James Peter Economos, of Chicago, Ill.; John A. W. Richardson,
Jr., of New York City; Benjamin Elmo Taylor, of Searcy, Ark.;
Byrl Albert Whitney, of Cleveland, Ohio; Eugene L. Rendler, of
San Jose, Calif.; Eugene Blanc, Jr., of New York City; and Lewis L.
Delafield, Jr., of New York City, were admitted to practice.
No. 83. State of New York and Saratoga Springs Commission et al.,
petitioners, v. The United States of America. Argument continued
by Mr. Henry S. Manley for the petitioners and concluded by Mr.
Paul A. Freund for the respondent.
No. 85. Central States Electric Company, petitioner, v. City of
Muscatine, Iowa, et al. Argued by Mr. Perry M. Chadwick for the
petitioner and by Mr. Charles V. Shannon for the respondent Federal
Power Commission, and case submitted by Mr. Matthew Westrate
for respondent City of Muscatine and by Mr. Elmer E. Johnson,
pro se.
No. 86. Regal Knitwear Company, petitioner, v. National Labor
Relations Board. Argued by Mr. Malcolm F. Halliday for the re-
spondent and case submitted by Mr. John P. Chandler for the peti-
tioner.
No. 137. Prudence Realization Corporation, petitioner, v. Joseph
W. Ferris et al., trustees, etc. Argument commenced by Mr. Irving
L. Schanzer for the petitioner.
Adjourned until Monday next at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Monday, December 11, will be as follows: Nos. 137.
46, 88, 106, 102, 64, 134, 148, 118, and 181.
✓
597362-44- -32

MONDAY, DECEMBER 11, 1944
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
91
Present: The Chief Justice, Mr. Justice Roberts, Mr. Justice Black,
Mr. Justice Reed, Mr. Justice Frankfurter, Mr. Justice Douglas, Mr.
Justice Murphy, Mr. Justice Jackson, and Mr. Justice Rutledge.
Theodore Palmer MacMaster, of Dallas, Tex.; Bert Russell Decker,
of Des Moines, Iowa; Paul F. Kriethe, Jr., of Burt, Iowa; Robert J.
Flanagan, of St. Louis, Mo.; George M. Szabad, of New York City;
Wilbur M. Cleaves, of Houston, Tex.; and Louis Bernard Fine, of
Norfolk, Va., were admitted to practice.
No. 17. The United States of America, appellant, v. Crescent
Amusement Company, Rockwood Amusement Company, et al.;
No. 18. The United States of America, appellant, v. Crescent
Amusement Company, Rockwood Amusement Company, et al.; and
No. 19. Crescent Amusement Company, Cumberland Amusement
Company, et al., appellants, v. The United States of America. Ap-
peals from the District Court of the United States for the Middle
District of Tennessee. The motion to dismiss the appeal in No. 17
is granted and the appeal is dismissed. The motion to dismiss the
appeal in No. 18 is denied. The judgment in No. 18 is reversed and the
judgment in No. 19 is affirmed and the cause is remanded to the said
District Court for further proceedings in conformity with the opinion
of this Court. Opinion by Mr. Justice Douglas. Mr. Justice Frank-
furter, Mr. Justice Murphy, and Mr. Justice Jackson took no part
in the consideration or decision of these cases. Dissenting: Mr. Jus-
tice Roberts.
No. 200. Order of Railway Conductors of America, H. W. Fraser,
as President of the Order of Railway Conductors of America, etc., et
al., petitioners, v. The Pennsylvania Railroad Company and Brother-
hood of Railroad Trainmen. On writ of certiorari to the United
States Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia. Writ of cer-
tiorari dismissed with costs. Opinion by Mr. Justice Roberts. Mr.
Justice Rutledge concurs in the result.
The Chief Justice announced the following orders of the Court:
No. 637. Carolina Scenic Coach Lines, a copartnership, appellant,
v. The United States of America, Interstate Commerce Commission
et al. Appeal from the District Court of the United States for the
597282. .24.
22.

MONDAY, DECEMBER 11, 1944
92
Western District of North Carolina. Per curiam: The motions to
affirm are granted and the judgment is affirmed. (1) North Coast
Transportation Co. v. The United States, No. 275, decided October
9, 1944; (2) Chesapeake & Ohio Ry Co. v. United States, 283 U. S.
35, 41-43; United States v. Baltimore & Ohio R. R. Co., 293 U. S. 454,
464-5; United States v. Pan American Petroleum Corporation, 304
U. S. 156, 158; Interstate Commerce Commission v. City of Jersey
City, 322 U. S. 503, 512–13; (3) McLean Trucking Co. v. United States,
321 U. S. 67, 86.
No. 345. The North Shore Corporation, petitioner, v. Isadore
Barnett, J. F. Booth, et al.; and
No. 346. The North Shore Corporation, petitioner, v. William J.
Scott, Rubin Knox, et al. On writs of certiorari to the Circuit Court
of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit. Per curiam: The judgments of the
Circuit Court of Appeals are vacated, the judgments of the District
Court are modified in accordance with the stipulations signed by
counsel for the parties and the cases are remanded to the District Court
for the Southern District of Florida with directions to enter judg-
ments as modified. The mandates are ordered to issue forthwith.
The Chief Justice said:
"The other orders of the Court appear upon the list certified by the
Chief Justice and filed with the Clerk and will not be announced
orally."
No. Ex parte John Russell Miller, petitioner ;
No.
-
―.
Edward Saxe, petitioner, v. Robert A. Heinze et al.;
Thomas A. Vernon, petitioner, v. State of Wyoming, Dis-
trict Attorney of Laramie County, et al.;
No.
-
―.
No.
etc.; and
No.
-
Louis Hendrin, petitioner, v. Percy A. Lainson, Warden,
People of the United States of America ex rel. Archibald
Russell, petitioner, v. Joseph E. Ragen, Warden, etc., et al. The
motions for leave to file petitions for writs of habeas corpus are denied.
No. Ex parte Thomas Merryl Woffard, petitioner. Applica-
tion denied.
-
-.
No. Ex parte William Pabodie, petitioner. The motion for
leave to file petition for writ of mandamus is denied.
No. 6, original. The State of Nebraska, complainant, v. The State
of Wyoming et al. The exceptions to the report of the Special Master
are received and ordered filed. The case is set for hearing on the
exceptions and assigned for argument on Monday, March 6, next.
In the event the parties cannot agree upon the time for filing briefs,
dates will be fixed by the Court.

MONDAY, DECEMBER 11, 1944
93
No. 766, October Term, 1943. The Hudson & Manhattan Railroad
Company, appellant, v. The City of Jersey City et al. Time within
which to file petition for rehearing extended to and including January
10, 1945.
No. 189. The Connecticut Light and Power Company, petitioner,
v. Federal Power Commission. Leave granted Mr. John E. Benton
one half hour within which to appear and present oral argument in
behalf of Connecticut Public Utilities Commission, The National As-
sociation of Railroad and Utilities Commissioners, and the State of
Connecticut, as amici curiae.
No. 719. Mary Burgin Potts, petitioner, v. Hubert H. Potts. Time
within which to file brief in support of petition for writ of certiorari
extended to and including January 2, 1945.
No. 663. The United States of America et al., appellants, v. Cap-
ital Transit Company et al. In this case probable jurisdiction is
noted.
No. 656. Sinclair & Carroll Company, Inc., petitioner, v. Inter-
chemical Corporation. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit
Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit granted.
No. 205. In re Clyde Wilson Summers, petitioner. The return to
the rule to show cause is received and ordered filed. The petition for
writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Illinois is granted and the
writ is ordered to issue.
No. 593. Radio Station WOW, Inc., etc., et al., petitioners, v.
Homer H. Johnson. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme
Court of Nebraska granted. Counsel are requested to discuss in their
briefs and on oral argument the questions: (1) whether the judgment
is final within the meaning of sec. 237 (b) of the Judicial Code, and
(2) whether the federal questions raised by the petition for certiorari
were properly presented in the record. The Solicitor General is in-
vited to file a brief amicus curiae if he is so advised.
No. 620. The United States of America, petitioner, v. Carmen
Beach. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of
Appeals for the District of Columbia granted and the case is trans-
ferred to the summary docket.
No. 218. Memphis Natural Gas Company, petitioner, v. George F.
McCanless, Commissioner of Finance and Taxation, State of Ten-
nessee; and
No. 219. Memphis Natural Gas Company, petitioner, v. George F.
McCanless, Commissioner of Finance and Taxation, State of Ten-
nessee. Petitions for writs of certiorari to the Supreme Court of
Tennessee denied.

.
MONDAY, DECEMBER 11, 1944
94
No. 539. Amey Thlocco, Lorin Ray, Guardian, etc., petitioners, v.
Magnolia Petroleum Company. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
Circuit Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 633. Clifton B. Layton, petitioner, v. William J. Thayne; and
No. 634. Clifton B. Layton, petitioner, v. William J. Thayne.
Petitions for writs of certiorari to the Circuit Court of Appeals for
the Tenth Circuit denied.
No. 635. Ammiel F. Decker and Mabel P. Decker, individuals, etc.,
petitioners, v. Federal Trade Commission. Petition for writ of cer-
tiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the District of
Columbia denied.
No. 644. Mario Joseph Pacman, petitioner, v. The United States
of America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of
Appeals for the Ninth Circuit denied.
No. 652. Sterling Carr, trustee in bankruptcy of Nippon Yusen
Kaisya, petitioner, v. Elliott V. Bell, Superintendent of Banks of
the State of New York. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit
Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit denied.
No. 681. Western Mesa Oil Corporation and El Segundo Oil Com-
pany, petitioners, v. Edlou Company et al., Landowners in El
Segundo Community Lease No. Four-A et al. Petition for writ of
certiorari to the Circuit Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit
denied.
No. 658. Abraham Jeskowitz, petitioner, v. Leonard H. Carter,
Trustee in bankruptcy of Union Fabrics, Inc. The motion for leave
to proceed on the typewritten record is granted. Petition for writ
of certiorari to the Circuit Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit
denied.
No. 594. Edward De Roulhac Blount, petitioner, v. Howard B.
Gill, successor to Ray L. Huff, General Superintendent, District
Penal Institutions. The motion to substitute Howard B. Gill as
the party respondent in the place and stead of Ray L. Huff is granted.
The motion for leave to proceed in forma pauperis is granted. The
petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the District of Columbia is denied.
No. 602. Willis James Meyer, petitioner, v. People of the State of
California et al. The motion for leave to proceed in forma pauperis
is granted. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of
California and for other relief is denied.
No. 642. George Hambrick, petitioner, v. State of Tennessee. The
motion for leave to proceed in forma pauperis is granted. Petition
for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Tennessee denied.

MONDAY, DECEMBER 11, 1944
No. Ex parte Louis Moskovitz, petitioner;
95
No. 479. Public Service Commission (State Division of the De-
partment of Public Service of the State of New York) et al., appel-
lants, v. The United States of America et al.; and
No. 487. Joseph T. Waters, petitioner, v. Kings County Trust
Company. Petitions for rehearing denied.
The Court will take a recess from Monday, December 18, until Tues-
day, January 2, 1945.
No. 137. Prudence Realization Corporation, petitioner, v. Joseph
W. Ferris et al., trustees, etc. Argument continued by Mr. Charles
H. Kriger for the respondents Ferris et al.; by Mr. Eugene Blanc, Jr.,
for the respondents City Bank Farmers Trust Co. et al., and concluded
by Mr. Irving L. Schanzer for the petitioner.
No. 46. Ira J. McCullough, petitioner, v. Kammerer Corporation
and Baash-Ross Tool Company. Argued by Mr. A. W. Boyken for
the petitioner and by Mr. Leonard S. Lyon for the respondent.
No. 88. Ella F. Fondren, and the Estate of W. W. Fondren, de-
ceased, et al., petitioners, v. Commissioner of Internal Revenue. Argu-
ment commenced by Mr. W. M. Cleaves for the petitioners.
Adjourned until tomorrow at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Tuesday, December 12, will be as follows: Nos. 88,
106, 102, 64, 134, 148, 118, 181, 161, and 180.
Х

TUESDAY, DECEMBER 12, 1944
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
96
Present: The Chief Justice, Mr. Justice Roberts, Mr. Justice Black,
Mr. Justice Reed, Mr. Justice Frankfurter, Mr. Justice Douglas, Mr.
Justice Murphy, Mr. Justice Jackson, and Mr. Justice Rutledge.
James W. Barr, of Joliet, Ill.; James Cox Wilbourn, of Meridian,
Miss.; and Eugene Rust, of Tulsa, Okla., were admitted to practice.
No. In the matter of Hulon Capshaw. Time within which to file
return to the rule to show cause extended to and including December
30, next.
No. 88. Ella F. Fondren, and the estate of W. W. Fondren, de-
ceased, et al., petitioners, v. Commissioner of Internal Revenue.
Argument continued by Mr. W. M. Cleaves for the petitioners and
concluded by Mr. J. Louis Monarch for the respondent.
No. 106. The United States of America, appellant, v. Herman
Rosenwasser, an individual, etc. Argued by Mr. Ralph F. Fuchs for
the appellant and case submitted by Mr. Victor Behrstock for the
appellee.
No. 102. Charles Williams, petitioner, v. Paul E. Kaiser, Warden,
etc.; and
No. 64. O. C. Tomkins, petitioner, v. The State of Missouri.
Argued by Mr. John Raeburn Green for the petitioners and by Mr.
Robert J. Flanagan for the respondents.
No. 134. The United States, petitioner, v. Louis Townsley.
Argued by Mr. Enoch E. Ellison for the petitioner and by Mr. Herman
J. Galloway for the respondent.
Adjourned until tomorrow at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Wednesday, December 13, will be as follows: Nos.
148, 118, 181, 161, 180, 188, 192, 207, 265, and 287.
Х

WEDNESDAY, DECEMBER 13, 1944
97
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: The Chief Justice, Mr. Justice Roberts, Mr. Justice Black,
Mr. Justice Reed, Mr. Justice Frankfurter, Mr. Justice Douglas, Mr.
Justice Murphy, Mr. Justice Jackson, and Mr. Justice Rutledge.
Hugh G. Bergen, of New York City; Hoyet A. Armstrong, of
Dallas, Tex.; and Jesse O. Dedmon, Jr., of Tulsa, Okla., were ad-
mitted to practice.
No. 352. Carlota Benitez Sampayo, petitioner, v. The Bank of
Nova Scotia; and
No. 353. Carlota Benitez Sampayo, petitioner, v. The Bank of
Nova Scotia et al. Time within which to file reply briefs for peti-
tioner extended to and including January 5, 1945.
No. 467. Estate of John S. Garrett, Jr., deceased, bankrupt, etc.,
petitioner, v. Reynold H. Greenberg, Trustee, etc., et al. Time within
which to file petition for rehearing extended to and including January
4, 1945.
No. 148. Webre Steib Company, Ltd., petitioner, v. Commissioner
of Internal Revenue. Argued by Mr. C. J. Batter and Mr. William
A. Sutherland for the petitioner and by Miss Helen R. Carloss for the
respondent.
No. 118. Industrial Addition Association, petitioner, v. Commis-
sioner of Internal Revenue. Argued by Mr. F. A. Berry for the peti-
tioner and by Mr. Assistant Attorney General Samuel O. Clark for
the respondent.
No. 181. The F. W. Fitch Company, petitioner, v. The United
States of America. Argued by Mr. Arnold F. Schaetzle for the peti-
tioner and by Mr. Andrew D. Sharpe for the respondent.
No. 161. National Metropolitan Bank, petitioner, v. The United
States of America. Leave granted Mr. David L. Kreeger to appear
and present oral argument pro hac vice for the respondent on motion
of Mr. Assistant Attorney General Shea in that behalf. Argument
commenced by Mr. George C. Gertman for the petitioner.
Adjourned until tomorrow at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Thursday, December 14, will be as follows: Nos.
161, 180, 188, 192, 207, 287, and 265.
☑
597362-44-35

THURSDAY, DECEMBER 14, 1944
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
98
Present: The Chief Justice, Mr. Justice Roberts, Mr. Justice Black,
Mr. Justice Reed, Mr. Justice Frankfurter, Mr. Justice Douglas, Mr.
Justice Murphy, and Mr. Justice Jackson.
Waldo C. Hodgdon, of Westwood, Mass.; Samuel A. Fitch, of
Boston, Mass.; Joseph Bradley Colburn, of New York City; Fred
J. Knauer, of New York City; and George H. Wyatt, of Durand,
Mich., were admitted to practice.
No. 709. A. M. Anderson, Receiver of the National Bank of Ken-
tucky of Louisville, petitioner, v. General American Life Insurance
Company. Time within which to file brief for respondent in opposi-
tion to petition for writ of certiorari extended to and including Jan-
uary 5, 1945.
No. 161. National Metropolitan Bank, petitioner, v. The United
States of America. Argument continued by Mr. David L. Kreeger,
for the respondent, pro hac vice, by special leave of Court, and con-
cluded by Mr. George C. Gertman for the petitioner.
No. 180. Georgia Hardwood Lumber Company, petitioner, v. Com-
pania de Navegacion Transmar, S. A., owner of S. S. Kotor. Argued
by Mr. John Tilney Carpenter for the petitioner and by Mr. Wilbur
E. Dow, Jr., for the respondent.
No. 188. Albert E. McKenzie, as Trustee, etc., petitioner, v. Irving
Trust Company. Argued by Mr. David Margulas for the petitioner
and by Mr. William A. Onderdonk for the respondent.
No. 192. Willis E. Giese, petitioner, v. The United States of
America. Argued by Mr. Edmund D. Campbell for the petitioner
and by Mr. Paul A. Freund for the respondent.
Adjourned until tomorrow at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Friday, December 15, will be as follows: Nos. 207
and 287.

99
99
FRIDAY, DECEMBER 15, 1944
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: The Chief Justice, Mr. Justice Roberts, Mr. Justice Black,
Mr. Justice Reed, Mr. Justice Frankfurter, Mr. Justice Douglas, Mr.
Justice Murphy, and Mr. Justice Jackson.
John J. Borchardt, of Brooklyn, N. Y.; Herman Leonard Weiss, of
Brooklyn, N. Y.; Stanley S. Phillips, of Miami, Fla.; Gerson Askinas,
of Springfield, Mass.; Max Mehler, of Arlington, Va.; Israel Convisser,
of Brooklyn, N. Y.; Leonard H. Rosenson, of New Orleans, La.;
Milford M. Miller, of Evansville, Ind.; and Maxwell Tillman Cohen,
of New York City, were admitted to practice.
No. 444. Addie K. Redmond et al., petitioners, v. Commerce Trust
Company, as Trustee, etc.; and
No. 503. Addie K. Redmond and Erma H. Parker, petitioners, v.
United Funds Management Corporation, Bankrupt, et al. Time
within which to file petitions for rehearing extended to and including
February 1, 1945, on motion of counsel for petitioners.
No. 207. Lena Rosenman et al., as executors, etc., petitioners, v.
The United States. Argued by Mr. Charles Angulo for the petitioners
and by Mr. Chester T. Lane for the respondent.
No. 287. John Barr, petitioner, v. The United States of America.
Argued by Mr. J. Bradley Colburn for the petitioner and by Mr.
Ralph F. Fuchs for the respondent.
Adjourned until Monday, Demember 18, next, at 12 o'clock.
597362-44-37

MONDAY, DECEMBER 18, 1944
100
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: The Chief Justice, Mr. Justice Roberts, Mr. Justice Black,
Mr. Justice Reed, Mr. Justice Frankfurter, Mr. Justice Douglas, Mr.
Justice Murphy, Mr. Justice Jackson, and Mr. Justice Rutledge.
Martin E. Sheets, Jr., of St. Louis, Mo.; J. Harry Pershing, of
Pittsburgh, Pa.; Adolphus D. Moore, of Beaumont, Tex.; Francis
Forrest Neal, of North Berwick, Me.; Carl R. Miller, of Decatur, Ill.;
Ben Bryant Lifflander, of New York City; Capelle H. Damrell, of
Chicago, Ill.; Otis Harold Woodrow, of Sherman, Tex.; and Clifford
J. Harryman, of Tupelo, Miss., were admitted to practice.
The Honorable George Wharton Pepper addressed the Court as
follows:
"May it please the Court: At a meeting of the Bar of the Supreme
Court of the United States held this morning, to take appropriate
action following the death of Mr. Justice George Sutherland, a Minute
was adopted which I have been requested to present to the Court with
the prayer that it be made a part of its permanent records."
Mr. Pepper then read the following:
"RESOLUTIONS
"George Sutherland was born at Stoney Stratford, Buckingham-
shire, England, on March 25, 1862. Of his Scotch-Irish and English
forebears he was always proud and it was to this racial blend that
many of his distinguishing characteristics may be attributed.
At
"When he was but eighteen months old his parents came to the
United States and made their home in Utah. There his early life
was lived and there, even in boyhood, he engaged in the man-making
struggle for existence characteristic of the American frontier.
Brigham Young Academy he received his preliminary, if not his only
academic education. In 1882 he entered the law school of the Univer-
sity of Michigan of which at the time Judge Thomas N. Cooley was
dean. His law school experience, as he often stated in later life,
marked the beginning of his intellectual development. After a brief
period of intensive study he was admitted, in March 1883, to practice
in the Supreme Court of Michigan and joined his father in the general
practice of the law in Provo, Utah.
""Immediately after his admission to the bar he was married to
Miss Rosamond Lee, of Beaver City. Of the three children of their
marriage only Mrs. Walter A. Bloedorn now survives.
597362-44- -38

MONDAY, DECEMBER 18, 1944
101
"While practicing with his father he accepted any business that
came his way, whether civil or criminal. He often traveled miles on
horseback through the mountains to try cases before justices of the
peace. He defended many persons indicted under the Federal Anti-
Polygamy Statutes and throughout his life he had the esteem and
confidence of his Mormon neighbors.
"In 1886 he formed a partnership with Samuel R. Thurman, Esq.,
afterward Chief Justice of the Supreme Court of Utah. Entering
politics he became an active member of the Liberal or Gentile Party
opposed to the practice of polygamy, and later was influential in the
organization of the Republican Party of Utah. When Utah finally
attained Statehood in 1895 he was elected to the first State Legisla-
ture, where his legal ability was promptly recognized. In April
1896, when the United States Circuit Court was organized for the
District of Utah, he was admitted to practice before that tribunal.
Thereafter, he became a member of the firm of Sutherland, Van Cott
& Allison of Salt Lake City and on October 20, 1899, he was admitted
to the Bar of the Supreme Court of the United States.
"Elected in the fall of 1900 to the United States House of Repre-
sentatives as a Republican, he gave hearty support to all measures
which he deemed to be for the public good. After serving one term
he declined renomination and resumed practice with his old firm.
However, he was not suffered to remain long in private life and in
1904 was elected to the Senate of the United States.
""During his service as a Senator he was active in the cause of
judicial reform and took a leading part in the evolution of the Penal
and Judicial Codes. During his first term the controversy over
Senator Smoot's right to his seat became acute. While Senator
Sutherland had opposed Smoot's nomination on the ground that no
representative of the Mormon Church or of any other religious body
ought to be sent to the Senate, yet when the people of Utah had fairly
elected Smoot, Senator Sutherland vigorously and successfully sup-
ported the right of the Senator-elect to take his seat.
"In his second term Senator Sutherland became deeply interested
in foreign affairs and in legislation relating to employers' liability,
workmen's compensation, and labor relations. His great speech in
July of 1911 in opposition to the movement for recall of judicial de-
cisions made him a national figure.
"In September of 1916 he was elected president of the American
Bar Association but when nominated for a third term in the Senate
he was defeated at the polls by his Democratic opponent and former
partner, Senator King. After his retirement he resumed the practice
of law and found time to deliver a course of lectures at Columbia
University and to make many important public addresses. In the
years immediately preceding his elevation to the Bench he appeared

MONDAY, DECEMBER 18, 1944
102
in many cases before the Court of which he was so soon to become a
member. He was appointed by President Harding as counsel for
the United States in the Norwegian Ship cases before the Permanent
Court of Arbitration at The Hague. When, likewise under President
Harding's appointment, he took his seat upon the Bench he was the
fifth member of the Court from the date of its creation who had not
been born a citizen of the United States or of the American Colonies.
"In the sixteen years of his service upon the Bench the opinions
which he delivered covered a wide range of subjects. His intimate
knowledge of the laws relating to land, mining, and irrigation in the
Rocky Mountain and desert States was of special value to the Court
when called upon to render decisions in this field. His own early
fight against poverty and his sympathy for the pioneers of the great
West who had turned a vast wilderness into a land of promise made
him an advocate of the rights of men who acquired their property
by labor and physical privation, but he had no sympathy with the
speculator who accumulates his wealth by preying upon his fellows.
"It was in the field of constitutional law that he made his greatest
contribution to our jurisprudence. Most of his judicial service was
rendered in the closing years of that century of constitutional inter-
pretation which began at the death of Chief Justice Marshall. This
was the period in which the judicial tendency was to maintain a
balanced and substantially equal dual sovereignty, with reliance upon
natural law and the due process clauses of the Fifth and Fourteenth
Amendments. It would be difficult to specify any one of his opinions
as being the greatest that he wrote. In United States v. Curtiss
Wright Export Corp., 299 U. S. 304 (1936), he delivered the opinion
of the Court which with clarity and force supports the doctrine that in
the field of international relations the President is "the sole organ
of the federal government" and as such possesses a power which does
not require an act of Congress as a basis for its exercise. His dis-
senting opinion in the Minnesota Moratorium case (Home Building
& Loan Association v. Blaisdell, 290 U. S. 398; 1934) is certainly
one of the most powerful opinions ever written with an exclusively
historical approach. His point of view is well illustrated by the
following extract from the opinion:
""The present exigency is nothing new. From the beginning
of our existence as a nation, periods of depression, of industrial
failure, of financial distress, of unpaid and unpayable indebted-
ness, have alternated with years of plenty. The vital lesson that
expenditure beyond income begets poverty, that public or private
extravagance, financed by promise to pay, either must end in
complete or partial repudiation or the promises be fulfilled by
self-denial and painful effort, though constantly taught by bitter

MONDAY, DECEMBER 18, 1944
103
experience, seems never to be learned; and the attempt by legis-
lative devices to shift the misfortune of the debtor to the shoul-
ders of the creditor without coming into conflict with the contract
impairment clause has been persistent and oft-repeated.""
"His felicity of expression and his mastery of clear and vigorous
English were all the more remarkable when his limited opportunities
for formal education are borne in mind. He was tenacious of his views
without being pugnacious in asserting them. He never antagonized
his associates and always retained their friendship and affection. His
judgments were the result of independent reasoning. In the O'Donog-
hue, Hitz, and Williams cases (289 U. S. 516-553; 1933) he delivered
the opinion of the Court, holding that the Supreme Court and the
Court of Appeals of the District of Columbia are constitutional courts
and that the compensation of their judges may not be diminished
during their terms of office, thus distinguishing them from the Court
of Claims and the Court of Customs Appeals. An illustration of his
wholly impersonal approach is the disapproval expressed in this
opinion of a dictum which his close friend and colleague, Mr. Justice
Van Devanter, had previously uttered in the Bakelite case (279 U. S.
438; 1929).
*
*
66 6 'Although even as a child he had struggled for self-support, he
could not bring himself to uphold the constitutionality of the Fed-
eral Child Labor legislation. Similarly, it was his view that the
minimum wage law of the District of Columbia was unconstitutional
in that (to quote the language of his own opinion) “it exacts from
the employer an arbitrary payment for a purpose and upon a basis
having no causal connection with his business, or the contract or the
work the employee engages to do. The declared basis
* is
not the value of the service rendered, but the extraneous circumstance
that the employee needs to get a prescribed sum of money to insure
her subsistence, health, and morals." (Adkins v. Children's Hospital,
261 U. S. 525; 1923). He was firm in his belief in the Bill of Rights
and wrote the opinion of the Court in the Scottsboro case (Powell v.
Alabama, 287 U. S. 45; 1932) and many others in which the rights and
liberties of individuals were upheld.
"Perhaps the character of the man himself cannot better be de-
scribed than in the words which he himself used when, in 1941, he
spoke thus to the graduating class of his Alma Mater, the Brigham.
Young University:
66
away
"Good character does not consist in the mere ability to store
in the memory a collection of moral aphorisms that runs
loosely off the tongue. Seneca gave the world a book of beauti-
fully-written moral maxims; but he stood in the Roman Senate
and shamelessly justified Nero's murder of his own mother.

MONDAY, DECEMBER 18, 1944
104
Character to be good must be stable-must have taken root. It
is an acquisition of thought and conduct which have become
habitual-an acquisition of real substance, so firmly fixed in the
conscience, and indeed in the body itself, as to insure unhesitating
rejection of an impulse to do wrong.'”
"He was the personification of his own ideals. This was the opin-
ion of all who knew him and to this effect is the testimony of his asso-
ciates in the letter which they addressed to him upon the announce-
ment of his intention to retire from the Bench.
"His death on July 18, 1942, was the passing of a great American.
The services at Washington Cathedral conducted on July 22, 1942, by
the late Bishop Freeman were in keeping with the simplicity of his
life and the reasoned certainty of his Christian faith.
"Resolved, That the Chairman of the Committee on Resolutions
be requested to present these Resolutions to the Court with the prayer
that they be embodied in its permanent records." "
The Chief Justice directed that the resolutions be received and
spread upon the minutes of the Court.
Mr. Attorney General Biddle addressed the Court, as follows:
"Mr. Chief Justice and Associate Justices: I feel it a privilege to
offer these remarks in memory of Mr. Justice Sutherland who died
July 18, 1942, and to ask that they be spread upon the permanent
records of this court.
"George Sutherland, born in Buckinghamshire, England, of Scotch-
English parents, was brought to the United States by his parents
shortly after his birth on March 25, 1862. The family settled in a
pioneer community in the far West which was later to become the
State of Utah and young Sutherland was educated in the public
schools of Salt Lake City and at the University of Michigan. Before
he reached his 21st birthday, his studies had been completed and he
had been admitted to the bar. Some thirteen years later, in 1896,
when Utah was admitted to the union he became a member of its first
Senate and also of the State's first judiciary committee. He later
served one term in the House of Representatives at Washington and
two terms in the United States Senate. During his years in the Sen-
ate he formed a close bond of friendship with his colleague Reed
Smoot, one of the Republican leaders, and as a member of the Senate
Judiciary Committee. It was during his service in the Senate that
he formed the reputation of an able and conscientious exponent of the
Constitution, who was well grounded in the law.

MONDAY, DECEMBER 18, 1944
105
"In 1916 he was elected President of the American Bar Association
to succeed Elihu Root, and devoted much of his time to its interests.
It was while he was in this office that he registered a warning about
national prohibition which later events proved to be of striking ac-
curacy. 'It does not require a prophet,' he said, 'to foresee that laws
of this character exacting penalties so utterly disproportionate to the
offense, can never be generally enforced, and to write them into the
statutes to be cunningly evaded or contemptuously ignored will have
a strong tendency to bring just and wholesome laws dealing with the
liquor question into disrepute.' Thus he illustrated the capacity for
clear visions which characterized his attitude toward national policies.
His own view on the question was in favor of abstinence from alco-
holic beverages and for prohibition by local option.
(* * *
"It is interesting at this time to recall the toast he made to the Allies
when, as retiring President of the Association, he said on September
6, 1917: 'To our Allies-may they and we together soon celebrate the
surrender of the last stronghold of autocracy in a world of universal
liberty.' And he added cryptically
for it is as certain
as anything can be that the Imperial German Government aims at
nothing less than to occupy toward the modern world the same rela-
tion which Imperial Rome occupied toward the ancient world 2,000
years ago.'
"During the six years of private life which intervened between his
service in the Senate and his appointment to the bench, Justice Suther-
land served, in 1921, as Chairman of the Advisory Committee to the
International Armament Conference; and, in the same year, repre-
sented the United States Government at The Hague in the dispute
with the Norwegian Government over requisitioning Norwegian ships
during the war.
"An appointment to the Bench had been suggested for him for more
than a dozen years prior to the time he was appointed and assumed
his seat in the Supreme Court of the United States in 1922. It was not
surprising that his former associate in the Senate, then President
Harding, remembering Sutherland's frequent speeches on constitu-
tional law on the floor of the Senate, and impressed with his learning
and lucidity, should have made the appointment. He came to this
Court as a leader to whom his country even then owed its gratitude for
his contribution as a scholar, legislator, and statesman.
"He was an active member of the Court for sixteen years. His service
extended even to a year after his retirement when he sat in an im-
portant case involving the misconduct of a member of the federal
judiciary. When he died on July 18, 1942, at the age of 80, he left to
his country a record of public service which extended over a period of
nearly thirty years.

MONDAY, DECEMBER 18, 1944
106
"Justice Sutherland frankly described himself as a conservative,
and he brought to the Halls of Congress and later to the Bench the
views of a conservative. That point of view did not, however, prevent
him from vigorously advocating, while in the Senate, reforms in which
he believed, such as postal-savings banks, employees' compensation,
parcel post, the Railway Safety Appliance Act, and the Hours of Labor
Act. He strongly advocated giving this Court the power to regulate
practice in the Federal courts, and he was active as a member of the
Statutory Revision Committee and the Joint Congressional Committee
on Revision and Codification of the Law.
"Even though he opposed the application of federal power to the
regulation of industrial evils, as enunciated in the Adkins case, he
fervently supported the power of the national government in foreign
affairs. As early as 1910, he was found vigorously endorsing the
view that the federal government is not one of limited powers in the
family of nations, but on the contrary is clothed with all the power
inherent in sovereignty to deal with international affairs. 'It results
that the investment of the federal government with the powers of
external sovereignty,' he wrote in U. S. v. Curtiss-Wright Corpora-
tion, 'did not depend upon the affirmative grants of the Constitu-
tion. *
* As a member of the family of nations, the right and
power of the United States in that field are equal to the right and
power of other members of the international family.'
*
"In the great tradition of this court, Justice Sutherland was vigi-
lant in sustaining the fundamental personal rights guaranteed by the
Federal Constitution. Speaking for the Court in Powell v. Ala-
bama, for instance, he insisted on the right of the Scottsboro Negroes
not only to have counsel but also sufficient time to prepare their
defense.
"There was nothing inconsistent in his conviction that the court
should protect individual as well as property rights. The philosophy
of laissez-faire abhorred interference by the state with what were con-
sidered the competitive forces of nature and the free market place.
These forces, it was believed, though harsh as they often proved to be,
ultimately brought about the best possible results, namely, the survival
of the fit. It was natural that men who held to the theory of the
free market place should extend it from trade to ideas, and that they
should be particularly concerned with the protection of freedom of
speech. In Grosjean v. American Press Co., in setting aside a state
tax imposed on the owners of newspapers as a violation of the First
Amendment, Justice Sutherland used these words: "The predominant
purpose of the grant of immunity here invoked was to preserve an
untrammeled press as a vital source of public information
*
*
Since informed public opinion is the most potent of all restraints
upon misgovernment, the suppression or abridgment of the publicity

MONDAY, DECEMBER 18, 1944
* *
107
afforded by a free press cannot be regarded otherwise than with
grave concern.
* A free press stands as one of the great in-
terpreters between the government and the people. To allow it to be
fettered is to fetter ourselves.'
"This outlook was in keeping with the economic beliefs of John
Stuart Mill and his eighteenth century followers, who still largely
dominated English and American thinking, when, during his early
years in the frontier State of Utah, the basis for Justice Sutherland's
emotional and intellectual background was being laid. This back-
ground cannot be forgotten when making a fair appraisal of his
views-views which have at times been so bitterly assailed. And when
we observe that he said to a graduating class at Brigham Young Uni-
versity in 1941 that 'nobody worried about child labor' in that pioneer
community in which his parents first settled, we better understand
his point of view, and indeed that of many of his contemporaries.
His philosophy sprang from an environment where the nineteenth
century still lingered, untouched by the impact of life under conditions
of modern mass production.
"Justice Sutherland will long be remembered by his friends and
associates for his amiability and consideration for the feelings of
others. He was warm, kind, and friendly to all who met him. His
admirable qualities won him devoted friends, including many who
disputed his views with a sincerity equal to his own. Those who
worked with him knew his devotion to the business of the court; his
painstaking examination of briefs and records; his absorption in the
questions involved and his quiet courtesy to the members of the bar.
"I close with a quotation from an address made by Justice Suther-
land while he was a Senator. It was on an occasion similar to this one:
"While the stern necessities of living will not permit us to sit
idly with the dead, it is fitting and proper that we pause in the
conflict and pay passing tribute to the memory of those who,
having borne with us the heat and stress of the struggle, have
passed on to their final rest. It is appropriate that we reverently
give expression to our gratitude for what they did and our appre-
ciation of what they were."
The CHIEF JUSTICE said:
"Mr. Attorney General-For more than twelve years it was my
privilege to sit on this Bench, in close association with Mr. Justice
Sutherland. Your words stir in me, as they will in many others,
intimate recollections of his genial and kindly personality and his
high conception of the public service and of the duty of public officials.
It is well too for us all to be reminded of his vision of the mission
and greatness of his adopted country, and of his constant concern for

MONDAY, DECEMBER 18, 1944
108
the true dignity of this Court and the faithful performance of its great
function of holding even the balances which measure the distribution
of the powers of government under a written constitution.
"Justice Sutherland was one of the five Justices of this Court who
were born in foreign lands. But his life experience and his outlook
were typically American and typical also of those Justices who came.
to this Court from beyond the Mississippi River during the period
between the outbreak of the Civil War and the first World War. In-
deed, his life was a part of and symbolizes the epic story of the great
west. His life in America began as a child in the mining camps of
Montana and Utah. At twelve years of age he was working for his
living in Salt Lake City. After two years at the Brigham Young
Academy in Utah and a year spent at the University of Michigan,
when he was twenty years of age, his formal education came to an
end and he was admitted to the Bar in Michigan and in Utah, then
a territory, where he began his practice of the law. Among all the
demands and exigencies of a country law practice in a western pioneer
community, later after he removed to Salt Lake City, and still later
after he took up his practice in the District of Columbia, he continued,
and in truth never ceased to be an assiduous student of the law, and
especially of the problems growing out of the relations of law to gov-
ernment. After he removed to Salt Lake City in 1894 and until his
appointment to this Bench in 1922, he frequently made addresses
before Bar Associations and other public gatherings, which won wide
attention by their felicity of expression, their philosophical bent, and
their grasp of governmental and constitutional problems.
"He early became active in politics, supporting the movement for the
suppression of polygamy in Utah and for restriction of the Mormon.
influence in the state government. His career in the House of Repre-
sentatives, from 1902 to 1903, and for two terms in the Senate, from
1905 to 1917, marked him as a zealous student of public affairs and as
an able and resourceful antagonist in debate. His diligent service on
the committees of House and Senate, particularly the Judiciary Com-
mittee of the Senate and the Joint Committee on the Revision of the
Federal Statutes, extended his knowledge of government and public
affairs. It was knowledge which later enabled him to wield a potent
influence in the deliberations of this Court.
"After his retirement from the Senate in 1917 he became President
of the American Bar Association. In 1919 he delivered the Blumenthal
Lectures at Columbia University on ‘Constitutional Power and World
Affairs,' in which he gave special attention to the war and treaty-
making powers under the Constitution. He also served as a member
of the Advisory Committee of the International Disarmament Con-
ference held in Washington in 1921, and in 1922 as counsel for the
597362-44-39

MONDAY, DECEMBER 18, 1944
109
United States in the Norway-United States arbitration at the Hague
for the adjustment of the dispute growing out of our seizure of Nor-
wegian ships during the First World War.
"By this time he had become a national figure, generally recognized
as a leading exponent of constitutional theory and practice. His
selection in 1922 to succeed Mr. Justice Clarke as an Associate Justice
of this Court was not unexpected and met with general approval.
Chief Justice Taft then presided over this Court. With him and with
Justice Van Devanter and Justice Butler, the newly appointed Justice
shared substantially common views of law, government, and public
policy, and in them especially he found congenial companions. But
his relations with all of his associates were characterized by a personal
regard and esteem which found their source in mutual respect and
derived their strength from common devotion to the institution which
they served. This friendly relationship with his colleagues rose above
all differences of opinion and was ended only by his death on July 18,
1942, in his eightieth year, four years and six months from the day of
his retirement from this Court.
"The period from the close of the Civil War to the time of Justice
Sutherland's retirement constitutes an epoch in our constitutional
history and in the history of this Court. That period saw the adop-
tion of the Fourteenth Amendment, the expansion and, so far as we
can now see, the culmination of the constitutional restraints of due
process on state action in the field of business and economics. We
already know that during the sixteen years that Justice Sutherland
served on this Court he exercised a profound influence on the develop-
ment of constitutional law, and especially on the interpretation of
the Fourteenth Amendment. But only when the history of that time
is viewed with the perspective which time alone can give to historic
trends and events, will it be possible to appraise the permanence and
the extent of that influence. It is too soon, and we are perhaps still
too close to the smoke of battle to see clearly or to say with omniscient
finality precisely how the great constitutional issues of that period
should have been decided. Indeed, who would be so rash as to say
now, despite shifting emphases and attitudes and the changes which
time has brought and will bring, that Justice Sutherland's influence
will not continue, perhaps in greater measure than today, to play its
part in directing the current of our legal thinking. In any event wise
men will not doubt that the viewpoint which he so ably represented
must be reckoned with in the formulation of constitutional principles
by a tribunal which must determine the boundaries and distribution
of power under a federal constitutional system.
"In a time when it had become the fashion to classify men by
labelling them, Justice Sutherland was labelled a conservative. It

MONDAY, DECEMBER 18, 1944
110
is true, as he said of himself that his was the type of mind 'to put a
great deal of faith in experience and very little in mere experiment.'
He was profoundly convinced that ill considered experimentation in
government in pursuit of passing fashions in legislation, and the loose.
governmental control of administrative officers would in the end
prove to be the real enemies of true democracy, and a grave danger to
constitutional government. Among those who did not share fully his
views of constitutional functions, few would be so bold as to deny
those dangers. He saw in these encroachments of government on the
freedom of the individual, the perils of the oppressive exercise of
governmental power which he held it was the design of the due
process clause to prevent.
"He gave vigorous expression to these views in a series of opinions
which stirred widespread public discussion of some of the most fun-
damental problems of constitutional government. Notable among
them were his opinions holding unconstitutional the legislative regu-
lation of the wages of women in Adkins v. Children's Hospital, 261
U. S. 525; the regulation of the fees of employment agencies in
Ribnik v. McBride, 277 U. S. 350; the regulation of the resale price
of theatre tickets in Tyson v. Banton, 273 U. S. 418; and a statute
prohibiting the operation of drugstores owned by corporations whose
stockholders were not licensed pharmacists in Liggett v. Baldridge,
278 U. S. 105.
"Let it be said that the so-called conservative temper of these
opinions was not inspired by any antagonism to progress in the law,
but rather by the emphasis which Justice Sutherland placed on the
constitutional protection of the few from the tranny of the many.
Indeed, these opinions were but steps in the process of finding solu-
tions of what perhaps has been the greatest problem of constitutional
interpretation throughout the twentieth century, the need to bring
into proper balance the competing demands, on the one hand that
constitutional sanctions shall safeguard the individual from the abuse
of power by the majority, and on the other that the Constitution be
not so interpreted as to clothe the individual with power to restrict
unduly the welfare and progress of the community as a whole.
"Sound legal principles adequate to meet all the vicissitudes of
human experience never sprang full-fledged from the brains of any
man or group of men. They are the ultimate resultant of the abrasive
force of the clash of competing and sometimes conflicting ideas-
ideas which are rooted in different experiences and different appraisals
of all the multifarious interests which it is the concern of government
to foster and protect. The time will come when it will be recognized,
perhaps more clearly than it is at present, how fortunate it has been
for the true progress of the law that at a time when the trend was

MONDAY, DECEMBER 18, 1944
111
in the opposite direction, there sat upon this Bench a man of stalwart
independence, and of the purest character who, without a trace of
intellectual arrogance, and always with respectful toleration for the
views of colleagues who differed with him, fought stoutly for the con-
stitutional guaranties of the liberty of the individual. As one of
those who sometimes differed, I shall ever hold in grateful remem-
brance this contribution of Justice Sutherland to the work of the
Court.
"It would be a grave error to suppose for a moment that Justice
Sutherland did not see and appreciate the need of progress in the law.
In an address as President of the American Bar Association he said:
'I am not in favor of standing still. Of course we must have advance,
but we must at our peril distinguish between real progress and what
amounts to a mere manifestation of the speed mania. Among the
games of the ancient Greeks there was a running match in which
each participant carried a lighted torch. The prize was awarded
not to the one who crossed the line first, but to him who crossed the
line first with his torch still burning.' Justice Sutherland was a con-
sistent advocate of progress in the law, but he wished to make progress
with the torch of the law still burning. While he was a vigorous
opponent of the now forgotten proposals for the recall of judicial
decisions, he was an equally vigorous advocate of the adoption of laws
for the improvement of the postal service, of workmen's compensation
laws and the Safety Appliance Act. He was especially interested in
legislation for the relief of working conditions of seamen, and as a
Justice he was deeply interested in the cases involving their rights
under such legislation.
"He never thought of the law as a cut and dried system and he
realized that if it is to perform its true function it must be flexible
enough to be adaptable to the changing conditions of a changing
world. His belief that the law carries within it the germ of its
own capacity for growth is illustrated and admirably stated in his
opinion in Funk v. United States, 290 U. S. 371, 380–386, which
rejected, as outmoded, the common law rule disqualifying a wife from
testifying in behalf of her husband in a criminal trial. His opinion
in Radice v. New York, 264 U. S. 292, sustaining the constitutionality
of a statute prohibiting women's work at night, and in Euclid v.
Ambler Realty Co., 272 U. S. 365, upholding the constitutionality of
zoning ordinances, are illuminating examples of the application of
constitutional principles to new situations. His decision in the
Scottsboro cases, Powell v. Alabama, 287 U. S. 45, that the Fourteenth
Amendment requires a state court to so conduct a criminal trial as
not to deprive the defendant of the benefit of counsel, opened a new
and important chapter in the judicial history of civil liberty.

MONDAY, DECEMBER 18, 1944
112
"Justice Sutherland's sixteen years' service on this Court were
marked throughout by his diligence in carrying on the work of the
Court, his unusual capacity for sustained productive work, and his
complete fidelity to the highest interests of the Court as an institu-
tion. His opinions are models of legal exposition. He wrote easily,
with graceful lucidity and developed the principles of decision with
logical and persuasive power.
"When he laid aside his judicial labors, he left the Court with
the personal esteem and affectionate regards of all his associates.
Chief Justice Hughes then rightly said to him: 'Not only have you
brought to our deliberations learning and dialectical skill, a wide
knowledge of affairs enriched by varied and eminent public service,
and a habit of thoroughness and precision, but you have matched
tenacity of purpose with an unvarying kindliness. and have mellowed
our deliberations with unfailing humor.'
"As we recall the years of Justice Sutherland's service on this
Court, in the common endeavor with his colleagues to attain the ideal
of justice under law, we cherish the recollection of this man's integrity
and sturdy independence, and his devoted loyalty to a great task. Let
our memory of him remind us that these, rather than unanimity of
thought and opinion of those who must shape the course of law, are
the indispensable qualities of the judge, without which justice will
not prevail."
No. 70. Ex parte Mitsuye Endo. On certificate from the United
States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit. Judgment of
the District Court of the United States for the Northern District of
California reversed and cause remanded to said District Court for
proceedings in conformity with the opinion of this Court. Opinion
by Mr. Justice Douglas. Concurring opinion by Mr. Justice Murphy.
Opinion by Mr. Justice Roberts concurring in the result.
No. 43. The United States of America, appellant, v. Margaret M.
Johnson and Mary E. Layton, doing business as The United States
Dental Company, and Voyle Clark Johnson. Appeal from the Dis-
trict Court of the United States for the District of Delaware. Judg-
ment affirmed. Opinion by Mr. Justice Frankfurter. Concurring
opinion by Mr. Justice Murphy. Dissenting opinion by Mr. Justice
Reed in which the Chief Justice, Mr. Justice Douglas, and Mr. Justice
Rutledge join.
No. 22. Fred Toyosaburo Korematsu, petitioner, v. The United
States of America. On writ of certiorari to the United States Cir-
cuit Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit. Judgment affirmed and
cause remanded to the District Court of the United States for the

MONDAY, DECEMBER 18, 1944
113
Northern District of California. Opinion by Mr. Justice Black.
Concurring opinion by Mr. Justice Frankfurter. Dissenting opinion
by Mr. Justice Jackson. Dissenting opinion by Mr. Justice Murphy.
Dissenting opinion by Mr. Justice Roberts.
No. 66. The Wallace Corporation, petitioner, v. National Labor
Relations Board; and
No. 67. Richwood Clothespin & Dish Workers' Union, petitioner, v.
National Labor Relations Board. On writs of certiorari to the
United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Fourth Circuit.
Judgment affirmed and cause remanded to the said Circuit Court of
Appeals. Opinion by Mr. Justice Black. Dissenting opinion by Mr.
Justice Jackson in which the Chief Justice, Mr. Justice Roberts, and
Mr. Justice Frankfurter join.
No. 45. Bester William Steele, petitioner, v. Louisville & Nash-
ville Railroad Company, Brotherhood of Locomotive Firemen and
Enginemen, et al. On writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of
Alabama. Judgment reversed with costs and cause remanded to the
said Supreme Court for further proceedings not inconsistent with the
opinion of this Court. Opinion by Mr. Chief Justice Stone. Mr.
Justice Black concurs in the result. Concurring opinion by Mr.
Justice Murphy.
No. 37. Tom Tunstall, petitioner, v. Brotherhood of Locomotive
Firemen and Enginemen, Ocean Lodge No. 76, Port Norfolk Lodge
No. 775, et al. On writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit
Court of Appeals for the Fourth Circuit. Judgment reversed with
costs and cause remanded to the said Circuit Court of Appeals for
further proceedings in conformity with the opinion of this Court.
Opinion by Mr. Chief Justice Stone. Mr. Justice Murphy concurs
in the result.
No. Robert Noble and Ellis O. Jones, petitioners, v. Claude O.
Botkin;
No.. Garfield J. Kelly, petitioner, v. Alfred F. Dowd, Warden,
etc. The motions for leave to file petitions for writs of habeas corpus
are denied.
No.. Francis Haines, petitioner, v. T. P. Sullivan, Director of
Public Safety, etc.;
No.. James Edward Hawkins, petitioner, v. People of the State
of Illinois; and
No.. Edward White, petitioner, v. Joseph E. Ragen, Warden,
etc. Applications denied.
-.
No. Theodore James Audett, petitioner, v. The United States of
America. The motion for a rule of law is denied.

MONDAY, DECEMBER 18, 1944
114
No. -. Gerald Churchill Mackreth, petitioner, o. Warden of Kilby
Prison. The application for appointment of counsel is denied.
No. —. Fred A. Hughes et al., appellants, v. Caddo Parish School
Board, et al. Upon consideration of the motion for a stay and the
opposition thereto, it is hereby ordered that upon the docketing of
this cause in this Court, the status quo be preserved until the final dis-
position of the cause in this Court, by restraining and enjoining the
appellees from attempting to enforce against the appellants or their
children the resolution of the Caddo Parish School Board of Caddo
Parish, Louisiana, adopted September 6, 1944, under and pursuant
to Act No. 342 of the Legislature of Louisiana for the year 1944, or
the said Act No. 342;
It is further ordered that the stay and injunction herein ordered
shall be effective and operative only on the condition that appellants
shall post a bond in the penal sum of $500, to be approved by the Chief
Justice, conditioned upon the payment to appellees, in the event that
this appeal is dismissed or the judgment affirmed, of all damages and
costs which they, or any of them, may sustain by reason of the making
of this order.
No. 21. Carolene Products Company et al., petitioners, v. The
United States of America. The motion to stay the mandate until
January 27, 1945, is granted.
No. 728. Rafael Buscaglia, Treasurer of Puerto Rico, et al., peti-
tioners v. The District Court of San Juan et al. It is ordered that
the mandate of the United States Circuit Court of Appeals be stayed
to and including January 2, 1945.
No. 691. Railway Mail Association, appellant, e. Edward S. Corsi,
as Industrial Commissioner of the State of New York, et al. Further
consideration of the question of the jurisdiction of this Court in this
case is postponed to the hearing of the case on the merits.
No. 680. Corn Products Refining Company et al., petitioners, v.
Federal Trade Commission. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
Circuit Court of Appeals for the Seventh Circuit granted.
No. 462. J. F. Fitzgerald Construction Company, petitioner, v.
Chris Pedersen, individually, etc. The petition for rehearing is
granted and the order entered November 6 is vacated. The petition
for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of New York is granted.
No. 417. A. M. Jones and William H. Jones, petitioners, v. Hal V.
Watts, United States District Clerk, et al. Petition for writ of cer-
tiorari to the Circuit Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 679. M. D. (Doc) Bennett, petitioner, v. The United States
of America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of
Appeals for the Fourth Circuit denied.

MONDAY, DECEMBER 18, 1944
115
No. 655. Joseph Paul Fox, petitioner, v. Alcoa Steamship Com-
pany et al. The motion for leave to proceed on typewritten papers
is granted. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of
Appeals for the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 422. Lillian Robison, Administratrix, etc., petitioner, v. North-
ern Pacific Railway Company. On petition for writ of certiorari
to the Circuit Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit;
No. 483. Cecil Snow, petitioner, v. Michael J. Roche, District
Judge, etc. On petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court
of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit;
No. 514. Thomas Henry Robinson, Jr., petitioner, v. The United
States of America. On petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit
Court of Appeals for the Sixth Circuit;
No. 535. Paul Davis, petitioner, v. James A. Johnston, Warden,
etc. On petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of Appeals
for the Ninth Circuit;
No. 552. William Petersen, petitioner, v. The People of the State
of New York. On petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of
Appeals of New York;
No. 607. Homer C. Price, petitioner, v. James A. Johnston, War-
den, etc. On petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of
Appeals for the Ninth Circuit;
No. 616. George Gause, petitioner, v. Joseph E. Ragen, Warden,
etc. On petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of
Illinois;
No. 622. Paul S. Campbell, petitioner, v. Paul E. Kaiser, Warden,
etc. On petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Mis-
souri; and
No. 636. Edward Broadnax, petitioner, v. People of the State of
California et al. On petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme
Court of California. The motions for leave to proceed in forma
pauperis are granted. The petitions for writs of certiorari are denied.
No. 627. Joseph Kotek, petitioner, v. State of Michigan. On peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Michigan;
No. 643. Arthur Lewis, petitioner, v. Joseph E. Ragen, Warden,
etc. On petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of
Illinois; and
No. 661. Robert George Banks, petitioner, v. Joseph E. Ragen,
Warden, etc. On petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court
of Illinois. The motions for leave to proceed in forma pauperis are
granted. The petitions for writs of certiorari are denied for the
reason that applications therefor were not made within the time pro-
vided by law. Sec. 8 (a), Act of February 13, 1925 (43 Stat. 936, 940),
28 U. S. C., sec. 350.

MONDAY, DECEMBER 18, 1944
116
No. 631. The United States of America, ex rel. Gene McCann,
petitioner, v. E. E. Thompson, Warden, etc., et al. The motion for
leave to proceed in forma pauperis is granted. The motion of certain
attorneys for leave to file a memorandum is granted. The petition for
writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of Appeals for the Second Cir-
cuit and the application for other relief are denied.
No. 33. Commissioner of Internal Revenue, petitioner, v. C. C.
Harmon; and
No. 541. Clowrene Gentry Hoehn et al., petitioners, v. Ralph Crews,
et al. The petitions for rehearing are denied.
No. 540. Thomas Fitzgerald, petitioner, v. Joseph W. Sanford,
Warden, etc. On petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court
of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit. Dismissed on motion of petitioner.
Adjourned until Tuesday, January 2, 1945, at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Tuesday, January 2, 1945, will be as follows: Nos.
Georgia v. Pennsylvania R. R. Co., 93, 265, 189, 264, 279, 263,
578, 126, and 629.
597362-44–
-40

TUESDAY, JANUARY 2, 1945
117
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: The Chief Justice, Mr. Justice Roberts, Mr. Justice Black,
Mr. Justice Reed, Mr. Justice Frankfurter, Mr. Justice Douglas,
Mr. Justice Murphy. Mr. Justice Jackson, and Mr. Justice Rutledge.
Frank B. Reid, of Eugene, Oreg., Richard Norris Clattenburg, of
Philadelphia, Pa.; Richard Robinson Bongartz, of Philadelphia, Pa.;
Eugene A. Alexander III, of Baltimore, Md.; Theodore B. Berman,
of Baltimore, Md.; James H. Yeatman, of Houston, Tex.; Heaton L..
Wrenn, of Honolulu, Hawaii; Robert W. Purcell, of Cleveland, Ohio;
Charles M. Sullivan, of New York City; Horace L. Walker, of Rich-
mond, Va.; Charles C. Crouch, of San Diego, Calif.; Frederick Fish-
man, of Boston, Mass.; Vincent M. Casey, of Pittsburgh, Pa.; and
Claude Donald Shaw, Jr., of Atlanta, Ga., were admitted to practice.
No. 65. The United States of America, petitioner, v. Waddill, Hol-
land & Flinn, Inc., et al. On writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court
of Appeals of the State of Virginia. Judgment reversed and cause
remanded to the said Supreme Court of Appeals for further proceed-
ings not inconsistent with the opinion of this Court. Opinion by
Mr. Justice Murphy. Dissenting: Mr. Justice Jackson.
No. 106. The United States of America, appellant, v. Herman
Rosenwasser, an individual doing business under the firm name and
style of Perfect Garment Company. Appeal from the District Court
of the United States for the Southern District of California. Judg-
ment reversed and cause remanded to said District Court for further
proceedings in conformity with the opinion of this Court. Opinion
by Mr. Justice Murphy. Dissenting: Mr. Justice Roberts.
No. 180. Georgia Hardwood Lumber Company, petitioner, v. Com-
pania de Navegacion Transmar, S. A., Owner of S. S. Kotor. On
writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for
the Fifth Circuit. Judgment affirmed with costs and cause remanded
to the District Court of the United States for the Southern District of
Georgia. Opinion by Mr. Justice Douglas.
No. 30. Willard Irwin Singer and Martin H. Singer, petitioners,
v. The United States of America. On writ of certiorari to the Circuit
Court of Appeals for the Third Circuit. Writ of certiorari dismissed
597362-45- 41

TUESDAY, JANUARY 2, 1945
118
as to Martin H. Singer. Judgment as to Willard Irwin Singer
affirmed and cause remanded to the District Court of the United
States for the Western District of Pennsylvania. Opinion by Mr.
Justice Douglas. Dissenting opinion by Mr. Justice Frankfurter in
which Mr. Justice Roberts, Mr. Justice Murphy, and Mr. Justice
Rutledge join.
No. 68. The City of Cleveland, appellant, v. The United States of
America and Federal Public Housing Authority; and
No. 69. John J. Boyle, County Treasurer of Cuyahoga County, et
al., appellants, v. The United States of America and Federal Public
Housing Authority. Appeals from the District Court of the United
States for the Northern District of Ohio; and
No. 388. Federal Public Housing Authority, formerly United
States Housing Authority, appellant, v. George Guckenberger, Audi-
tor, Hamilton County, Ohio, and Ethel Skirvin. Appeal from the
Supreme Court of the State of Ohio. Judgments in Nos. 68 and 69
affirmed with costs; judgment in No. 388 reversed with costs and cause
remanded to the said Supreme Court for further proceedings not
inconsistent with the opinion of this Court. Opinion by Mr. Justice
Roberts.
No. 118. Industrial Addition Association, petitioner, v. Commis-
sioner of Internal Revenue. On writ of certiorari to the United States
Circuit Court of Appeals for the Sixth Circuit. Judgment reversed
and cause remanded to the said Circuit Court of Appeals for further
proceedings in conformity with the opinion of this Court. Opinion
by Mr. Chief Justice Stone.
No. 71. Roscoe A. Coffman, appellant, v. Breeze Corporation, Inc.,
and The United States of America. Appeal from the District Court
of the United States for the District of New Jersey. Judgment
affirmed with costs. Opinion by Mr. Chief Justice Stone.
No. 485. Roscoe A. Coffman, appellant, v. Federal Laboratories,
Inc., and The United States of America. Appeal from the District
Court of the United States for the Western District of Pennsylvania.
Judgment affirmed with costs. Opinion by Mr. Chief Justice Stone.
No. 46. Ira J. McCullough, petitioner, v. Kammerer Corporation
and Baash-Ross Tool Company. On writ of certiorari to the United
States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit. Writ dis-
missed with costs. Opinion, per curiam, announced by Mr. Chief
Justice Stone.
The Chief Justice announced the following orders of the Court:
No. 705. Mart M. Monaghan, appellant, v. Maude D. Armatage,
Henry H. Bank, Edward A. Chalgren, et al. Appeal from the

TUESDAY, JANUARY 2, 1945
119
Supreme Court of Minnesota. Per curiam: The motion to dismiss is
granted and the appeal is dismissed for want of a substantial federal
question. City of Trenton v. State of New Jersey, 262 U. S. 182;
Risty v. Chicago, Rock Island & Pacific Ry. Co., 270 U. S. 378, 390;
Williams v. Mayor, 289 U. S. 36.
No. 713. Parke, Davis & Company, appellants, v. J. Eugene Cook,
Commissioner of Revenue of Georgia. Appeal from the Supreme
Court of Georgia. Per curiam: The motion to dismiss is granted and
the appeal is dismissed for want of a substantial federal question.
(1) Underwood Typewriter Co. v. Chamberlain, 254 U. S. 113, 120–21,
and cases cited; International Harvester Co. v. Wisconsin Department
of Taxation, 322 U. S. 435, 441–42; (2) Union Tank Line Co. v. Wright,
249 U. S. 275, 282; Nashville, C. & St. L. Ry. Co. v. Browning, 310 U. S.
362, 365–66; (3) International Harvester Co. v. Department of Treas-
ury, 322 U. S. 340; Department of Treasury v. Wood Corporation, 313
U. S. 62; cf. McLeod v. Dilworth Co., 322 U. S. 327.
The Chief Justice said:
"The other orders of the Court appear upon the list certified by the
Chief Justice and filed with the Clerk and will not be announced
orally."
Orders are entered approving the bonds of the Clerk of this Court
and directing that they be recorded.
The following order was adopted by the Supreme Court on Decem-
ber 26, 1944:
ORDER
It is ordered that Rules of Criminal Procedure for the District
Courts of the United States governing proceedings in criminal cases
prior to and including verdict, finding of guilty or not guilty by the
court, or plea of guilty, be prescribed pursuant to the Act of June 29,
1940, c. 445, 54 Stat. 688. And the Chief Justice is authorized and
directed to transmit the Rules as prescribed to the Attorney General
and to request him, as provided in that Act, to report these Rules to
the Congress at the beginning of the regular session in January 1945.
Mr. Justice Black states that he does not approve of the adoption of
the Rules.
Mr. Justice Frankfurter does not join in the Court's action for
reasons stated in a memorandum opinion.

TUESDAY, JANUARY 2, 1945
MEMORANDUM OF MR. JUSTICE FRANKFURTER
120
That the federal courts have power, or may be empowered, to make
rules of procedure for the conduct of litigation has been settled for a
century and a quarter (Wayman v. Southard, 10 Wheat. 1). And
experience proves that justice profits if the responsibility for such
rule making be vested in a small, standing rule-making body rather
than be left to legislation generated by particular controversies. These
views make me regret all the more not to be able to join my brethren
in the adoption of the Rules of Criminal Procedure of the District
Courts of the United States.
By withholding approval of the adoption of the rules I do not imply
disapproval. I express no opinion on their merits. With all respect
to contrary views, I believe that this Court is not an appropriate
agency for formulating the rules of criminal procedure for the district
courts.
From the beginning of the nation down to the Evarts Act of 1891,
though less and less after the Civil War, the members of this Court
rode circuit. They thus had intimate, first-hand experience with the
duties and demands of trial courts. For the last fifty years the Jus-
tices have become necessarily removed from direct, day-by-day contact
with trials in the district courts. To that extent they are largely de-
nied the first-hand opportunities for realizing vividly what rules of
procedure are best calculated to promote the largest measure of justice.
These considerations are especially relevant to the formulation of rules
for the conduct of criminal trials. These closely concern the public
security as well as the liberties of citizens.
And this leads to another strong reason for not charging this Court
with the duty of approving in advance a code of criminal procedure.
Such a code can hardly escape provisions in which lurk serious ques-
tions for future adjudication by this Court. Every lawyer knows the
difference between passing on a question concretely raised by specific
litigation and the formulation of abstract rules, however fully consid-
ered by members of the lower courts and the bar. I deem it unwise to
prejudge, however, unintentionally, questions that may in due course
of litigation come before this Court by having this Court lay down
rules in the abstract rather than deciding issues coming here with the
impact of actuality and duly contested.
And there is one more important consideration. The business of
this Court is increasing in volume and complexity. In the years ahead
the number of cases will not decrease nor their difficulties lessen. The
jurisdiction of this Court has already been cut almost to the bone. If
the Court is not to be swamped, as it has been in the past, and is to do
its best work, it must exercise rigorously its discretionary jurisdiction.

TUESDAY, JANUARY 2, 1945
121
Every additional duty, such as responsibility for fashioning progres-
sive codes of procedure and keeping them current, makes inroads upon
the discharge of functions which no one else can exercise.
Brief as is this statement, it can leave no room for doubt that the
reasons which have constrained me from withholding approval of
adoption of the rules completely transcend judgment of their merits.
The following order was adopted by the Supreme Court on Decem-
ber 30, 1944.
ORDER
It is ordered that the following rule regulating criminal appeals by
the United States be prescribed, pursuant to the Act of May 9, 1942,
56 Stat. 271:
"Rules of criminal procedure after plea of guilty, or verdict or find-
ing of guilt, promulgated from time to time pursuant to the Act of
February 24, 1933, c. 119 (47 Stat. 904), as amended, shall be applicable
to appeals by the United States under the Act of May 9, 1942, c. 295,
sec. 1 (56 Stat. 271), 18 U. S. C. 682, except that the time for taking
such appeals shall be as prescribed by the said Act of May 9, 1942."
And the Chief Justice is authorized and directed to transmit the
rule as prescribed to the Attorney General and to request him, as pro-
vided in that Act, to report the rule to the Congress at the beginning
of the regular session in January next.
No. Ex parte Frank Johnson, petitioner;
No.. Ex parte Mary A. Ruthven, petitioner; and
―.
No. Ex parte Thomas Herndon, petitioner. The motions for
leave to file petitions for writs of habeas corpus are denied.
No. Ex part Vergil D. McMillan, petitioner;
No. Ex parte Charles M. Keyser, petitioner; and
-
No. -. Daisy D. Wilson, petitioner, v. Richard J. Hopkins. Appli-
cations denied.
No.
-
George. Ross Wagner, petitioner, v. Joseph E. Ragen, War-
den. Petition for writ of certiorari denied.
No. 467. Estate of John S. Garrett, Jr., deceased, bankrupt, etc.,
petitioner, v. Reynold H. Greenberg, Trustee, etc., et al. The motion
for a stay is denied.
No. 684. Copperweld Steel Company, appellant, v. Industrial Com-
mission of Ohio. Further consideration of the question of the juris-

TUESDAY, JANUARY 2, 1945
122
diction of this Court in this case is postponed to the hearing of the
case on the merits.
No. 688. The Borden Company, petitioner, v. Joseph Borella,
Charles J. Burke, et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit
Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit granted.
No. 666. United Brotherhood of Carpenters and Joiners of Amer-
ica, petitioner, v. The United States of America;
No. 667. The Bay Counties District Council of Carpenters of the
United Brotherhood of Carpenters and Joiners of America et al.,
petitioners, v. The United States of America;
No. 668. Lumber Products Association, Inc., et al., petitioners, v.
The United States of America;
No. 674. Alameda County Building and Construction Trades
Council, petitioner, v. The United States of America; and
No. 675. Boorman Lumber Company et al., petitioners, v. The
United States of America. Petitions for writs of certiorari to the
Circuit Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit granted.
No. 702. Allen Bradley Company et al., petitioners, v. Local Union
No. 3, International Brotherhood of Electrical Workers, et al. Pe-
tition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of Appeals for the
Second Circuit granted and case assigned for argument immediately
following No. 675.
No. 721. Jewell Ridge Coal Corporation, petitioner, v. Local No.
6167, United Mine Workers of America, etc., et al. Petition for writ
of certiorari to the Circuit Court of Appeals for the Fourth Circuit
granted.
No. 379. Colorado Interstate Gas Company, petitioner, v. Federal
Power Commission, et al.; and
No. 380. Canadian River Gas Company, petitioner, v. Federal
Power Commission et al. In No. 380 the petition for rehearing is
granted and the order entered November 13 is vacated. The petition
for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of Appeals for the Tenth
Circuit is granted limited to questions 1, 2, 3, and 8 presented by the
petition for the writ and the case is assigned for argument immedi-
ately following No. 379. Case No. 379 is transferred to the summary
docket.
No. 204. The Standard Oil Company, an Ohio Corporation, et al.,
petitioners, v. National Labor Relations Board. Petition for writ of
certiorari to the Circuit Court of Appeals for the Sixth Circuit denied.
No. 299. Lino Padron Rivera, petitioner, v. The People of Puerto
Rico, ex rel. Luis A. Castro. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
Circuit Court of Appeals for the First Circuit denied.

TUESDAY, JANUARY 2, 1945
123
No. 657. Segal Lock & Hardware Company, Inc., Norwalk Lock
Company and Louis Segal, petitioners, v. Federal Trade Commission.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of Appeals for the
Second Circuit denied.
No. 687. Nuway Laundry Company, petitioner, v. Chester Bowles,
Administrator, etc. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit
Court of Appeals for the Tenth Circuit denied.
No. 698. Warner Coal Corporation, debtor, petitioner, v. Costanzo
Transportation Company et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
Circuit Court of Appeals for the Fourth Circuit denied.
No. 700. Carola Hunter and Robert Hunter, petitioners, v. Com-
missioner of Internal Revenue. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
Circuit Court of Appeals for the Sixth Circuit denied.
No. 706. Utah State Tax Commission, J. Lambert Gibson, et al.,
etc., petitioners, v. Southern Pacific Company. Petition for writ of
certiorari to the Supreme Court of Utah denied.
No. 707. Commissioner of Internal Revenue, petitioner, v. Estate
of Alexander J. Shamberg, deceased, et al. Petition for writ of cer-
tiorari to the Circuit Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit denied.
No. 708. Commissioner of Internal Revenue, petitioner, v. Estate
of Caroline White, deceased, et al. Petition for writ of certiorari
to the Circuit Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit denied.
No. 722. Mrs. Pauline P. Weil et al., as executors etc., petitioners,
v. Commissioner of Internal Revenue. Petition for writ of certiorari
to the Circuit Court of Appeals for the Sixth Circuit denied.
No. 728. Rafael Buscaglia, Treasurer of Puerto Rico, et al., peti-
tioners, v. The District Court of San Juan et al. Petition for writ
of certiorari to the Circuit Court of Appeals for the First Circuit
denied.
No. 672. International Carrier-Call and Television Corporation,
petitioner, v. Radio Corporation of America. Petition for writ of
certiorari to the Circuit Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit
denied for the reason that application therefor was not made within
the time provided by law. Sec. 8 (a), Act of February 13, 1925 (43
Stat. 936, 940), 28 U. S. C., sec. 350.
No. 586. Annie Mae Bradley, petitioner, v. Lena M. Bradley and
The United States of America. On petition for writ of certiorari to
the Circuit Court of Appeals for the Tenth Circuit;
No. 641. William G. Henry, petitioner, v. Bert O. Webb, Super-
intendent, etc. On petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme
Court of Washington;

TUESDAY, JANUARY 2, 1945
124
No. 660. Francis Haines, petitioner, v. The People of the State of
Illinois. On petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of
Illinois;
No. 685. Abner Flansburg, petitioner, v. Paul E. Kaiser, Warden,
etc. On petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of
Missouri;
No. 686. Hugh Lee Baker, petitioner, v. Paul E. Kaiser, Warden,
etc. On petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of
Missouri;
No. 693. Lester Barnard, petitioner, v. Joseph E. Ragen, Warden,
etc.;
No. 696. Alvin Scheib, petitioner, v. Joseph E. Ragen, Warden,
etc.;
No. 697. Arthur Doyle, petitioner, v. Joseph E. Ragen, Warden,
etc.; and
No. 701. Richard O'Neill, petitioner, v. Walter Neirstheimer, War-
den, etc. On petitions for writs of certiorari to the Supreme Court of
Illinois;
No. 712. Joseph Francis McKenna, petitioner, v. The People of
the State of New York. On petition for writ of certiorari to the
County Court, Kings County, New York;
No. 715. Joseph Rios, petitioner, v. Joseph E. Ragen, Warden, etc.;
No. 716. Robert Fritz, petitioner, v. Joseph E. Ragen, Warden,
etc.; and
No. 724. Lee Michalowski, petitioner, v. Joseph E. Ragen, Warden,
etc. On petitions for writs of certiorari to the Supreme Court of
Illinois:
No. 734. Otis Dawson, petitioner, v. The State of Michigan. On
petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Michigan;
No. 735. Anthony Adams, petitioner, v. Joseph E. Ragen, Warden,
etc.;
No. 736. Thomas Hall, petitioner, v. Joseph E. Ragen, Warden,
etc.;
No. 737. Gerald Glazier, petitioner, v. Joseph E. Ragen, Warden,
etc.;
No. 741. Rudolph R. Malleck, petitioner, v. Joseph E. Ragen, War-
den, etc.;
No. 742. Joseph Gall, petitioner, v. Criminal Court of Cook
County, Illinois;
No. 743. George Loughren, petitioner, v. Joseph E. Ragen, War-
den, etc.;
No. 745. James Naples, petitioner, v. Joseph E. Ragen, Warden,
etc.;
No. 746. Floyd A. Morrison, petitioner, v. Joseph E. Ragen, War-
den, etc.; and

TUESDAY, JANUARY 2, 1945
125
No. 760. Henry P. Berry, petitioner, v. Joseph E. Ragen, Warden,
etc. On petitions for writs of certiorari to the Supreme Court of
Illinois. The motions for leave to proceed in forma pauperis are
granted. The petitions for writs of certiorari are denied.
No. 659. Beatrice Miller Montanye, petitioner, v. The State of New
York. The motion for leave to proceed in forma pauperis is granted.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Claims of New York
denied for want of a judgment of the highest court of the state in
which a decision could be had.
No. 941, October Term, 1943. The United States of America, ex
rel, Winfred William Lynn. petitioner, v. Colonel John W. Downer,
Commanding Officer at Camp Upton, New York.
No. . Daisy D. Wilson, petitioner, v. Ralph S. Hinman;
-
No. -. Edward Saxe, petitioner v. Robert A. Heinze et al.
No. 73. Armour and Company, petitioner, v. Adam Wantock and
Frank Smith;
No. 498. Emil J. Sonderlick, petitioner, v. Thomas J. Hallinan;
No. 499. Emil J. Sonderlick, petitioner, v. The Emigrant Indus-
trial Savings Bank;
No. 567. Alton Crapo, petitioner, v. James A. Johnston, Warden,
etc.;
No. 611. The Curators of the Central College, appellant, v. Mary
E. Rose, Collector of Revenue of Howard County, Missouri; and
No. 658. Abraham Jeskowitz, petitioner, v. Leonard H. Carter,
Trustee in Bankruptcy of Union Fabrics, Inc. Petitions for rehearing
denied.
No. 719. Mary Burgin Potts, petitioner, v. Hubert H. Potts. Time
within which to file brief in support of petition for writ of certiorari
extended to and including January 8 next.
No. 753. Julius H. Miner. as Judge of the Circuit Court of Cook
County, et al., petitioners, v. The People of the State of Illinois, ex rel.
Benefit Association of Railway Employees, etc., et al. Time within
which to file respondents brief extended to and including January 27
next.
No.
original. State of Georgia, complainant, v. The Pennsyl-
vania Railroad Company et al. Argued on the returns to the rule to
show cause by Mr. John Dickinson for the defendants Pennsylvania
R. R. Co. et al.; by Mr. George S. Leisure for the defendants The
Chesapeake and Ohio Ry. Co. et al.; by Mr. Sidney S. Alderman for
the defendants Southern Ry. Co. et al.; and by Mr. Ellis Arnall for
597362-45-42

TUESDAY, JANUARY 2, 1945
126
the complainant; and submitted by Mr. W. R. C. Cocke for the de-
fendant Seaboard Air Line Ry. Co.
No. 93. W. G. Choate, petitioner, v. Commissioner of Internal Rev
enue. Argued by Mr. James H. Yeatman for the petitioner and by
Mr. Joseph S. Platt for the respondent.
No. 265. Clarence W. Blair, petitioner, v. Baltimore & Ohio Rail
road Company. Argument commenced by Mr. J. Thomas Hoffman
for the petitioner.
Adjourned until tomorrow at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Wednesday, January 3, will be as follows: Nos,
265, 189, 264, 294, 263, 578, 279, 335, 47 (and 48), and 126.

WEDNESDAY, JANUARY 3, 1945
127
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: The Chief Justice, Mr. Justice Roberts, Mr. Justice Black,
Mr. Justice Reed, Mr. Justice Frankfurter, Mr. Justice Douglas, Mr.
Justice Murphy, Mr. Justice Jackson, and Mr. Justice Rutledge.
Frank H. Medinger, of New York City; Don E. Cooper, of New
York City; Francis W. Phillips, of New York City; Luke W. Finlay,
of New York City; Judson C. McLester, Jr., of New York City; Wil-
liam M. Connelly, of Buffalo, N. Y.; and Charles Janvier, of New
Orleans, La., were admitted to practice.
No. 296. Panhandle Eastern Pipe Line Company et al., petitioners,
v. Federal Power Commission et al. The motion for leave to file pe-
tition for rehearing is granted. The petition for rehearing is granted
and the order entered November 13 is vacated. Petition for writ of
certiorari to the Circuit Court of Appeals for the Eighth Circuit
granted limited to questions 2 and 3 presented by the petition for the
writ.
No. 265. Clarence W. Blair, petitioner, v. Baltimore & Ohio Rail-
road Company. Argument continued by Mr. J. Thomas Hoffman for
the petitioner; by Mr. Charles J. Margiotti for respondent; and con-
cluded by Mr. J. Thomas Hoffman for the petitioner.
No. 189. The Connecticut Light and Power Company, petitioner,
v. Federal Power Commission. Three hours allowed for oral argu-
ment. Argument commenced by Mr. Claude R. Branch for the pe-
titioner; continued by Mr. Gay H. Brown for the petitioner; by Mr.
John E. Benton for Public Utilities Commission of Connecticut, The
State of Connecticut, and the National Association of Railroad and
Utilities Commissioners, as amici curiae, by special leave of Court;
by Mr. Assistant Attorney General Shea for the respondent; and con-
cluded by Mr. Claude R. Branch for the petitioner.
No. 264. Guaranty Trust Company of New York, petitioner, v.
Grace W. York. Argument commenced by Mr. John W. Davis for the
petitioner.
Adjourned until tomorrow at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Thursday, January 4, will be as follows: Nos. 264,
294, 263, 578, 279, 335, 47 (and 48), 126, 629, and 322.
☑
597362-45- 43

THURSDAY, JANUARY 4, 1945
128
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: The Chief Justice, Mr. Justice Roberts, Mr. Justice Black,
Mr. Justice Reed, Mr. Justice Frankfurter, Mr. Justice Douglas, Mr.
Justice Murphy, Mr. Justice Jackson, and Mr. Justice Rutledge.
Gerard Patrick Kavanaugh, of Wilmington, Del.; Lawrence A.
Howard, of Hartford, Conn.; Leslie Henry, of Toledo, Ohio; and
Clarence J. Loftus, of Chicago, Ill., were admitted to practice.
No. 264. Guaranty Trust Company of New York, petitioner, v.
Grace W. York. Argument continued by Mr. John W. Davis for the
petitioner and concluded by Mr. Meyer Abrams for the respondent.
Leave granted petitioner to file reply brief within one week and leave
granted respondent to file a memorandum within that time.
No. 294. City Bank Farmers Trust Company, formerly known as
the Farmers Loan and Trust Company, as Administrator, etc., peti-
tioner, v. George T. McGowan, Collector of Internal Revenue, etc.
Argued by Mr. James Lloyd Derby and Mr. J. Seymour Montgomery
for the petitioner and by Mr. Assistant Attorney General Samuel O.
Clark for the respondent.
No. 263. Fidelity-Philadelphia Trust Company et al., executors,
etc., petitioners, v. Walter J. Rothensies, individually, etc. Argument
commenced by Mr. C. Russell Phillips for the petitioners and con-
tinued by Mr. L. W. Post for the respondent.
Adjourned until tomorrow at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Friday, January 5, will be as follows: Nos. 263,
578, 279, 335, 47 (and 48), 126, 629, 322, 226, and 452.
Х
597362-45-44

FRIDAY, JANUARY 5, 1945
129
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: The Chief Justice, Mr. Justice Roberts, Mr. Justice Black,
Mr. Justice Reed, Mr. Justice Frankfurter, Mr. Justice Douglas, Mr.
Justice Murphy, Mr. Justice Jackson, and Mr. Justice Rutledge.
Francis J. Quillinan, of New York City; Max J. Rubin, of New York
City; J. G. F. Johnson, of Point Pleasant, W. Va.; Cecil E. Burney,
of Corpus Christi, Tex.; John E. Lyle, Jr., of Corpus Christi, Tex.;
Richard C. Winkler, of Chicago, Ill.; William T. Matthews, of Brook-
lyn, N. Y.; James Powers McQuire, of Chicago, Ill.; Sidney R. Nussen-
feld, of New York City; Daniel M. Narodick, of Washington, D. C.;
and J. M. Townsend, of Petersburg, Va., were admitted to practice.
No. 263. Fidelity-Philadelphia Trust Company et al., Executors,
etc., petitioners, v. Walter J. Rothensies, Individually, etc. Argument
concluded by Mr. C. Russell Phillips for the petitioners.
No. 578. Commissioner of Internal Revenue, petitioner, v. Estate
of Lester Field, deceased, et al. Argued by Mr. L. W. Post for the peti-
tioner and by Mr. Edgar J. Bernheimer for the respondents.
No. 279. Canadian Aviator, Limited, petitioner, v. The United
States of America. Argued by Mr. Eugene Underwood for the peti-
tioner and by Mr. Assistant Attorney General Shea for the respondent.
No. 335. Hattie Mae Tiller, Executor, etc., petitioner, v. Atlantic
Coast Line Railroad Company. Argued by Mr. J. Vaughan Gary for
the petitioner and by Mr. Collins Denny, Jr., for the respondent.
Adjourned until Monday next at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Monday, January 8th, will be as follows: Nos. 47
(and 48), 126, 629, 322, 226, 452, 340, 182, 455, and 115.
✓
597362—45 45

MONDAY, JANUARY 8, 1945
130
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: The Chief Justice, Mr. Justice Roberts, Mr. Justice Black,
Mr. Justice Reed, Mr. Justice Frankfurter, Mr. Justice Douglas, Mr.
Justice Murphy, Mr. Justice Jackson, and Mr. Justice Rutledge.
Payne H. Ratner, of Wichita, Kans.; Ray Glenn Atherton, of
Oklahoma city, Okla.; Hirsh W. Stalberg, of Philadelphia, Pa.;
Harvey G. Foster, of South Bend, Ind.; Harold A. Black, of Los
Angeles, Calif.; Lewis T. Wray, of St. Petersburg, Fla.; Albert Fore-
man, of New York City; Kenneth Meiklejohn, of Madison, Wis.; and
Paul J. Gaiser, of Dayton, Ohio, were admitted to practice.
No. 14. R. J. Thomas, appellant, v. H. W. Collins, Sheriff of Travís
County, Texas. Appeal from the Supreme Court of the State of
Texas. Judgment reversed with costs and cause remanded to the
said Supreme Court for further proceedings not inconsistent with
the opinion of this Court. Opinion by Mr. Justice Rutledge. Con-
curring opinion by Mr. Justice Jackson. Concurring opinion by
Mr. Justice Douglas in which Mr. Justice Black and Mr. Justice
Murphy join. Dissenting opinion by Mr. Justice Roberts in which
the Chief Justice, Mr. Justice Reed, and Mr. Justice Frankfurter
join.
No. 49. The Western Union Telegraph Company, petitioner, v.
Katharine F. Lenroot, Chief of the Children's Bureau, United States
Department of Labor. On writ of certiorari to the United States
Circuit Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit. Judgment reversed
and cause remanded to the District Court of the United States for
the Southern District of New York for further proceedings in con-
formity with the opinion of this Court. Opinion by Mr. Justice Jack-
son. Dissenting opinion by Mr. Justice Murphy in which Mr. Justice
Black, Mr. Justice Douglas, and Mr. Justice Rutledge join.
No. 102. Charles Williams, petitioner, v. Paul E. Kaiser, Warden,
Missouri State Penitentiary. On writ of certiorari to the Supreme
Court of the State of Missouri. Judgment reversed with costs and
cause remanded to the said Supreme Court for further proceedings
not inconsistent with the opinion of this Court. Opinion by Mr.
Justice Douglas. Dissenting opinion by Mr. Justice Frankfurter in
which Mr. Justice Roberts joins.
597362 45-46

MONDAY, JANUARY 8, 1945
131
No. 64. O. C. Tomkins, petitioner, v. The State of Missouri. On
writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of the State of Missouri.
Judgment reversed with costs and cause remanded to the said Su-
preme Court for further proceedings not inconsistent with the opinion
of this Court. Opinion by Mr. Justice Douglas. Dissenting: Mr.
Justice Roberts and Mr. Justice Frankfurter.
No. 75. Ford Motor Company, petitioner, v. Department of Treas-
ury of the State of Indiana et al. On writ of certiorari to the United
States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Seventh Circuit. Judgment
of the Circuit Court of Appeals vacated with costs in favor of re-
spondents and cause remanded to the District Court of the United
States for the Southern District of Indiana with directions to dis-
miss the complaint for want of consent by the state to the suit. Opin-
ion by Mr. Justice Reed. Mr. Justice Murphy took no part in the
consideration or decision of this case.
"
No. 161. National Metropolitan Bank, petitioner, v. The United
States of America. On writ of certiorari to the United States Court
of Appeals for the District of Columbia. Judgment affirmed and
cause remanded to the District Court of the United States for the
District of Columbia. Opinion by Mr. Justice Black, Mr. Justice
Douglas concurs in the results. Mr. Justice Murphy took no part
in the consideration of decision of this case.
No. 76. The United States of America, petitioner, v. General Motors
Corporation. On writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court
of Appeals for the Seventh Circuit. Judgment of the Circuit Court of
Appeals modified as indicated in the opinion of this Court and as so
modified affirmed and cause remanded to the District Court of the
United States for the Northern District of Illinois. Opinion by Mr.
Justice Roberts. The Chief Justice, Mr. Justice Frankfurter, and
Mr. Justice Murphy took no part in the consideration or decision of
this case. Opinion by Mr. Justice Douglas concurring in part in
which Mr. Justice Black joins.
No. 2. Hartford-Empire Company et al., appellants, v. The United
States of America;
No. 3. Corning Glass Works et al., appellants, v. The United States
of America;
No. 4. Owens-Illinois Glass Company et al., appellants, v. The
United States of America;
.No. 5. Hazel-Atlas Glass Company et al., appellants, v. The United
States of America;
No. 6. Thatcher Manufacturing Company et al., appellants, v. The
United States of America ;
No. 7. Lynch Corporation et al., appellants, v. The United States
of America;

MONDAY, JANUARY 8, 1945
132
No. 8. Ball Brothers Company et al., appellants, v. The United
States of America;
No. 9. Glass Containers Association of America, Inc., et al., appel-
lants, v. The United States of America;
No. 10. Isaac J. Collins, appellant, v. The United States of Amer-
ica; and
No. 11. T. C. Fulton et al., appellants, v. The United States of
America. Appeals from the District Court of the United States for
the Northern District of Ohio. Decree as to appellants in Nos. 10
and 11 reversed. Decision of the District Court that appellants
in Nos. 2 to 9, inclusive, have violated the antitrust laws and should
be enjoined from future similar violations is affirmed, but the decree
entered is vacated and the cause is remanded to the District Court
of the United States for the Northern District of Ohio for further
proceedings in conformity with the opinion of this Court. 'Opinion
by Mr. Justice Roberts. Mr. Justice Douglas, Mr. Justice Murphy,
and Mr. Justice Jackson took no part in the consideration or decision
of these cases. Opinion by Mr. Justice Black dissenting in part.
Opinion by Mr. Justice Rutledge dissenting in part in which Mr.
Justice Black joins.
No. 188. Albert E. McKenzie, as Trustee in Bankruptcy of Graves-
Quinn Corporation, petitioner, v. Irving Trust Company. On writ
of certiorari to the Court of Appeals of the State of New York. Judg-
ment affirmed with costs. Opinion by Mr. Chief Justice Stone. Dis-
senting: Mr. Justice Black.
The Chief Justice announced the following orders of the Court:
No. 192. William E. Giese, petitioner, v. The United States of
America. On writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Ap-
peals for the District of Columbia. Per curiam: The judgment is
affirmed by an equally divided Court. Mr. Justice Douglas took no
part in the consideration or decision of this case.
No. 762. Memphis Natural Gas Company et al., appellants, v. State
Tax Commission of Mississippi. Appeal from the Supreme Court
of Mississippi. Per curiam: The appeal is dismissed for want of a
substantial federal question. Underwood Typewriter Co. v. Chamber-
lain, 254 U. S. 113, 119–21; Memphis Natural Gas Co. v. Beeler, 315
U. S. 649, 656; International Harvester Co. v. Wisconsin Department
of Taxation, 322 U. S. 435, 441–42.
The Chief Justice said:
"The other orders of the Court appear upon the list certified by the
Chief Justice and filed with the clerk and will not be announced
orally."

-
MONDAY, JANUARY 8, 1945
133
No. . R. A. Quince, petitioner, v. General Accounting Office.
Application denied.
No. 351. Carlota Benitez Sampayo, petitioner, v. The United States
of America et al.;
No. 352. Carlota Benitez Sampayo, petitioner, v. The Bank of
Nova Scotia; and
No. 353. Carlota Benitez Sampayo, petitioner, v. The Bank of
Nova Scotia et al. The motion to strike briefs of the Bank of Nova
Scotia is denied with leave to petitioner to file a consolidated reply
within 20 days. The motion for other relief is denied. The Chief
Justice took no part in the consideration or decision of these applica-
tions.
No. 710. Commissioner of Internal Revenue, petitioner, v. Estate
of Edward T. Bedford et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
Circuit Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit granted. Counsel
are requested to discuss in their briefs and on oral argument the ques-
tion whether the application for certiorari was filed within the time
provided by law.
No. 694. Isaac Trainin, petitioner, v. David E. Cain, Commanding
Officer of Camp Upton. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit
Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit denied.
No. 703. American Liberty Pipe Line Co., petitioner, v. Commis-
sioner of Internal Revenue. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
Circuit Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 711. The Aetna Casualty and Surety Company, petitioner, v.
Kishwaukee Special Drainage District. Petition for writ of certiorari
to the Circuit Court of Appeals for the Seventh Circuit denied.
No. 717. The Ohio National Life Insurance Company et al., peti-
tioners, v. Board of Education of Grant Community High School
District No. 124 of Lake County, Illinois, et al. Petition for writ of
certiorari to the Supreme Court of Illinois denied.
No. 718. Commercial National Bank in Shreveport, petitioner, v.
R. C. Parsons, Receiver of Commercial National Bank of Shreveport,
et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of Appeals
for the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 720. F. G. Badenhausen et al., constituting the Protective
Committee for the holders of Georgia and Alabama Railway First
Mortgage Consolidated Five percent Gold Bonds, due 1945, petitioners,
v. Guaranty Trust Company of New York, et al., as Trustees, etc.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of Appeals for the
Fourth Circuit denied.
No. 723. Emanuel Max Cohen and Albert Charles Schnee, peti-
tioners, v. The United States of America. Petition for writ of cer-
tiorari to the Circuit Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit denied.

MONDAY, JANUARY 8, 1945
134
No. 729. Aetna Insurance Company et al., petitioners, v. Henry
Du Bois Sons Company et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
Circuit Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit denied.
No. 731. John W. Hays and Sarah R. Hays, petitioners, v. Cather-
ine Farrington, Parker M. Wood, et al. Petition for writ of certiorari
to the Supreme Court of Missouri denied.
No. 692. James T. Spencer, Administrator of the estate of Jackson
Barnett, petitioner, v. Gypsy Oil Company, a corporation, et al. Peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of Appeals for the
Tenth Circuit denied. The Chief Justice took no part in the consid-
eration or decision of this application.
No. 726. Tindaro Charles Gaglio, petitioner, v. City of New York.
The motion for leave to proceed in forma pauperis is granted. Peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of Appeals for the
Second Circuit denied.
No. 18. The United States of America, appellant, v. Crescent
Amusement Company et al.; and
No. 19. Crescent Amusement Company et al., appellants, v. The
United States of America. Petition for rehearing denied. Mr. Jus-
tice Frankfurter, Mr. Justice Murphy, and Mr. Justice Jackson took
no part in the consideration or decision of this application.
No. 562. George Duncan, petitioner, v. United States Circuit Court
of Appeals for the Eighth Circuit; and
No. 644. Mario Joseph Pacman, petitioner, v. The United States
of America. Petitions for rehearing denied.
The Court will take a recess from Monday, January 15, until Satur-
day, January 20, and from that day to Monday, January 29, next.
No. 47. The United States of America et al., appellants, v. The
Pennsylvania Railroad Company et al.; and
No. 48. The Pennsylvania Railroad Company et al., appellants, v.
The United States of America. Argument commenced by Mr. John
Vance Hewitt for the Pennsylvania R. R. Co. et al.; and continued by
Mr. Daniel W. Knowlton for the United States and Interstate Com-
merce Commission; and by Mr. Parker McCollester for Smith, Trustee,
etc., et al.
Adjourned until tomorrow at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Tuesday, January 9, will be as follows: Nos. 47
(and 48), 126, 629, 322, 226, 452, 340, 182, 455, and 115.
☑

TUESDAY, JANUARY 9, 1945
135
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: The Chief Justice, Mr. Justice Roberts, Mr. Justice Black,
Mr. Justice Reed, Mr. Justice Frankfurter, Mr. Justice Douglas, Mr.
Justice Murphy, Mr. Justice Jackson, and Mr. Justice Rutledge.
John B. Harman, of Fort Bragg, Calif.; Chester W. Wilson, of
Milwaukee, Wis.; Norman P. Glass, of Oklahoma City, Okla.; and
Philip Feldblum, of New York City. were admitted to practice.
No. 22. Fred Toyosaburo Korematsu. petitioner, v. The United
States of America. Time within which to file petition for rehearing
extended to and including February 8, next, and mandate stayed, on
motion of counsel for petitioner.
No. 535. Paul Davis. petitioner, v. James A. Johnston, Warden, etc.
Time within which to file petition for rehearing extended to and
including February 8, next, on motion of the petitioner.
No. 723. Emanuel Max Cohen and Albert Charles Schnee, peti-
tioners, v. The United States of America. Order denying certiorari
withheld on motion of counsel for petitioners.
No. 47. The Uniited States of America et al., appellants, v. The
Pennsylvania Railroad Company et al.; and
No. 48. The Pennsylvania Railroad Company et al., appellants, v.
The United States of America et al. Argument continued by Mr.
Parker McCollester for Smith, Trustee, etc., et al. and concluded by
Mr. John Vance Hewitt for The Pennsylvania Railroad Co. et al.
No. 126. Charles E. Merrill, petitioner, v. John L. Fahs, United
States Collector of Internal Revenue, etc. Argument commenced by
Mr. Sam R. Marks for the petitioner; continued by Miss Helen R.
Carloss for the respondent; and concluded by Mr. Harry T. Gray
for the petitioner.
No. 629. Commissioner of Internal Revenue, petitioner, v. William
H. Wemyss. Argued by Miss Helen R. Carloss for the petitioner and
by Mr. Cecil Sims for the respondent.
597362-45-47

TUESDAY, JANUARY 9, 1945
136
No. 322. Roscoe Herget, Trustee, etc., petitioner, v. The Central
National Bank & Trust Company, etc. Argument commenced by Mr.
William D. Donnelly for the petitioner.
Adjourned until tomorrow at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Wednesday, January 10, will be as follows: Nos
322, 226, 452, 340, 182, 455, 115, 410, 342, and 419.
Х

WEDNESDAY, JANUARY 10, 1945
137
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: The Chief Justice, Mr. Justice Roberts, Mr. Justice Black,
Mr. Justice Reed, Mr. Justice Frankfurter, Mr. Justice Douglas, Mr.
Justice Murphy, Mr. Justice Jackson, and Mr. Justice Rutledge.
J. Guillermo Vivas, of Ponce, P. R.; Paul H. Farr, of Prentiss, Miss.;
Lee R. Cowles, of Chicago, Ill.; Charles W. Stiefel, Jr., of Chicago,
Ill.; and William C. Stickel, Jr., of Union City, N. J., were admitted to
practice.
No. 322. Roscoe Herget, Trustee, etc., petitioner, v. The Central
National Bank & Trust Company, etc. Argument continued by Mr.
William D. Donnelly for the petitioner; by Mr. Walter H. Moses for
the respondent; and concluded by Mr. William D. Donnelly for the
petitioner.
No. 226. Republic Aviation Corporation, petitioner, v. National
Labor Relations Board. Argued by Mr. J. Edward Lumbard, Jr., for
the petitioner and by Miss Ruth Weyand for the respondent.
No. 452. National Labor Relations Board, petitioner, v. Le Tour-
neau Company of Georgia. Argued by Miss Ruth Weyand for the
petitioner and by Mr. A. C. Wheeler for the respondent.
No. 340. Lee F. Weiler, petitioner, v. The United States of Amer-
ica. Argument commenced by Mr. Peter P. Zion for the petitioner
and continued by Mr. Herbert Wechsler for the respondent.
Adjourned until tomorrow at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Thursday, January 11, will be as follows: Nos. 340,
182, 455, 115, 410, and 419.
х
597362-45 48

THURSDAY, JANUARY 11, 1945
138
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: The Chief Justice, Mr. Justice Roberts, Mr. Justice Black,
Mr. Justice Reed, Mr. Justice Frankfurter, Mr. Justice Douglas,
Mr. Justice Murphy, Mr. Justice Jackson, and Mr. Justice Rutledge.
Stanley Boulware Catlett, of Oklahoma City, Okla.; Clair Engle,
of Red Bluff, Calif.; Donald Pardee Cady, of Susanville, Calif.;
Edward H. Levi, of Chicago, Ill.; Robert H. Pelletreau, of Patchogue,
N. Y.; Kennard J. Besse, of Sterling, Ill.; William Beaumont Putney
3d, of Scarsdale, N. Y.; Henry B. Walker, Jr., of Evansville, Ind.;
Louis J. Opal, of New York City; and William W. Keifer, of Spring-
field, Ohio, were admitted to practice.
No. 340. Lee F. Wiler, petitioner, v. The United States of America.
Argument continued by Mr. Herbert Wechsler for the respondent and
concluded by Mr. Hirsh W. Stalberg for the petitioner.
No. 182. The Pennsylvania Railroad Company et al., appellants,
v. The United States of America et al. Argued by Mr. Joseph F.
Eshelman for the appellants; by Mr. Robert L. Pierce for the appellees
United States of America and Interstate Commerce Commission; and
by Mr. C. R. Hillyer for the appellee D. A. Stickell & Sons, Inc.
No. 455. The Republic of Mexico et al., petitioners, v. R. B. Hoff-
man. Argument commenced by Mr. Morris Lavine for the petitioners
and continued by Mr. Harold A. Black for the respondent.
Adjourned until tomorrow at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Friday, January 12, will be as follows: Nos. 455,
115, 410, and 419.
Х
597362-45- -49

FRIDAY, JANUARY 12, 1945
139
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: The Chief Justice, Mr. Justice Roberts, Mr. Justice Black,
Mr. Justice Reed, Mr. Justice Frankfurter, Mr. Justice Douglas, Mr.
Justice Murphy, Mr. Justice Jackson, and Mr. Justice Rutledge.
William A. Cornish, of McAlester, Okla.; Joseph Wicks Rhodes
III, of Osceola, Ark.; Merrill Armour, of Long Beach, Calif.; Victor
B. Harris, of St. Louis, Mo.; Edward Ross Aranow, of New York
City; and John Robertson Clagett, of Kansas City, Mo., were ad-
mitted to practice.
No. 455. The Republic of Mexico et al., petitioners, v. R. B. Hoff-
man. Argument continued by Mr. Harold A. Black for the respond-
ent and concluded by Mr. Morris Lavine for the petitioners.
No. 115. State Farm Mutual Automobile Insurance Company, an
Illinois Corporation, appellant, v. Morvin Duel, Commissioner of
Insurance of the State of Wisconsin. Argued by Mr. R. M. Rieser
and Mr. Barnabas F. Sears for the appellant and by Mr. Harold H.
Persons for the appellee.
No. 410. Owen N. Price, Trustee, etc., et al., petitioners, v. James
G. Gurney, individually, etc., et al. Argued by Mr. William W.
Keifer for the petitioners and by Mr. Charles W. Stiefel, Jr., for the
respondents. Leave granted petitioner to file an additional brief
within one week.
Adjourned until Monday, January 15, next, at 12 o'clock.
597362-45-50

MONDAY, JANUARY 15, 1945
140
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: The Chief Justice, Mr. Justice Roberts, Mr. Justice Black,
Mr. Justice Reed, Mr. Justice Frankfurter, Mr. Justice Douglas, Mr.
Justice Murphy, and Mr. Justice Rutledge.
Albert Victor DeMeo, of New York City; John Stuart Frazer, of
Los Angeles, Calif.; John A. Breen, of Chicago, Ill.; Gilbert Allan
Smith, of Chicago, Ill.; Darrell R. Parker, of Phoenix, Ariz.; William
R. Misbaugh, of Tucson, Ariz.; Joseph A. Woolman, of Troy, N. Y.;
J. Churchill Owen, of Denver, Colo.; and Roy C. Hecox, Jr., of Dallas,
Tex., were admitted to practice.
No. 181. The F. W. Fitch Company, petitioner, v. The United
States of America. On writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit
Court of Appeals for the Eighth Circuit. Judgment affirmed and
cause remanded to the District Court of the United States for the
Southern District of Iowa. Opinion by Mr. Justice Murphy. Mr.
Justice Roberts is of opinion that the judgment should be affirmed.
No. 335. Hattie Mae Tiller, Executor of the estate of John Lewis
Tiller, deceased, petitioner, v. Atlantic Coast Line Railroad Company.
On writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for
the Fourth Circuit. Judgment of the Circuit Court of Appeals re-
versed with costs and judgment of the District Court of the United
States for the Eastern District of Virginia affirmed and cause remanded
to said District Court. Opinion by Mr. Justice Black. The Chief
Justice and Mr. Justice Roberts are of the opinion that the judgment
of the Circuit Court of Appeals should be affirmed.
No. 134. The United States, petitioner, v. Louis Townsley. On
writ of certiorari to the Court of Claims. Judgment affirmed.
Opinion by Mr. Justice Roberts. Mr. Justice Murphy concurs in the
result. The Chief Justice, Mr. Justice Jackson, and Mr. Justice Rut-
ledge dissent.
The Chief Justice said:
"The orders of the Court appear upon the list certified by the Chief
Justice and filed with the Clerk and will not be announced orally."
No. Frank B. Kuczynski, petitioner, v. Patrick H. O'Brien,
Judge. The motion for leave to file petition for writ of mandamus is
denied.
-
597362-45--51

-
MONDAY, JANUARY 15, 1945
141
No. Ex parte William T. Reid, petitioner. The petition for an
injunction is denied.
No. 514. Thomas Henry Robinson, Jr., petitioner, v. The United
States of America. The petition for rehearing is granted and the
order entered December 18 denying certiorari is vacated. Petition for
writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of Appeals for the Sixth Circuit
granted limited to the question presented under Point No. 1 of the
petition for rehearing and under Question 5 (d) of the petition for
certiorari. The case is transferred to the summary docket.
No. 709. A. M. Anderson, Receiver of the National Bank of Ken-
tucky of Louisville, petitioner, v. General American Life Insurance.
Company. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of
Appeals for the Sixth Circuit denied.
No. 714. Macclenny Turpentine Company et al., petitioners, v.
Baldwin Drainage District et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to
the Supreme Court of Florida denied.
No. 733. Terminal Railroad Association of St. Louis, petitioner,
v. Nellie Copeland, Administratrix, etc. Petition for writ of cer-
tiorari to the Supreme Court of Missouri denied.
No. 738. Minnesota Mining & Manufacturing Company, peti-
tioner, v. Conway P. Coe, Commissioner of Patents. Petition for
writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the Dis-
trict of Columbia denied.
No. 755. Anna K. Cowdrick, General Administratrix, etc., peti-
tioner, v. The Pennsylvania Railroad Company. Petition for writ
of certiorari to the Court of Errors and Appeals of New Jersey denied.
No. 669. Joseph Cohen, petitioner, v. The United States of Amer-
ica;
No. 670. Mandel Raffe, petitioner, v. The United States of Amer-
ica;
No. 671. N. E. Rogoff, petitioner, v. The United States of Amer-
ica;
No. 682. Joel Rosenberg, petitioner, v. The United States of Amer-
ica; and
No. 683. Bertram M. Wachtel, petitioner, v. The United States of
America. The motions for leave to proceed on typewritten records
are granted. Petitions for writs of certiorari to the Circuit Court of
Appeals for the Second Circuit denied. Mr. Justice Douglas took no
part in the consideration or decision of these applications.
No. 506. John Mosher, petitioner, v. Walter A. Hunter, Warden,
etc. On petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of Appeals
for the Tenth Circuit;

MONDAY, JANUARY 15, 1945
142
No. 604. Forrest Withey, petitioner, v. People of the State of
Illinois;
No. 744. Steve Ruzon, petitioner, v. Joseph E. Ragen, Warden,
etc.;
No. 768. The People of the State of Illinois, ex rel. Herman
Howlery, petitioner, v. Joseph E. Ragen, Warden, etc.;
No. 770. Vincent J. Cullotta, petitioner, v. Joseph E. Ragen,
Warden, etc., and
No. 771. Paul Diekelmann, petitioner, v. The People of the State
of Illinois. On petitions for writs of certiorari to the Supreme Court
of Illinois. The motions for leave to proceed in forma pauperis are
granted. The petitions for writs of certiorari are denied.
No. 766, October Term, 1943. The Hudson & Manhattan Railroad
Company, appellant, v. The City of Jersey City;
No. 516. John Ferguson, petitioner, v. Commonwealth of Massa-
chusetts; and
No. 552. William Petersen, petitioner, v. The People of the State
of New York. Petitions for rehearing denied.
Adjourned until Saturday, January 20, next.
☑

SATURDAY, JANUARY 20, 1945
143
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: The Chief Justice, Mr. Justice Roberts, Mr. Justice Black,
Mr. Justice Reed, Mr. Justice Frankfurter, Mr. Justice Douglas, Mr.
Justice Murphy, Mr. Justice Jackson, and Mr. Justice Rutledge.
The Court took a recess for the purpose of attending the inaugura-
tion of the President of the United States.
The oath of office was administered to the Honorable Franklin
Delano Roosevelt as President of the United States by the Chief
Justice, and the Court reconvened.
Adjourned until Monday, January 29 next, at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Monday, January 29, will be as follows: Nos. 296,
379, 380, 575, 371, 337, 377, 391, 342, and 419.
☑
597362-45-52

MONDAY, JANUARY 29, 1945
144
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: The Chief Justice, Mr. Justice Roberts, Mr. Justice Black,
Mr. Justice Reed, Mr. Justice Frankfurter, Mr. Justice Douglas, Mr.
Justice Murphy, Mr. Justice Jackson, and Mr. Justice Rutledge.
George Wray Gill, of New Orleans, La.; Karl E. Lachmann, of
Arlington, Va.; Thomas W. Ruffin, of Raleigh, N. C.; W. Mark Felt,
of Washington, D. C.; Roy Norman Freed, of Arlington, Va.; John
D. M. Hamilton, of Philadelphia, Pa.; Clarence D. Phillips, of Port-
land, Oreg.; Francis X. Reilly, of Westboro, Mass.; Francis X. Reilly,
Jr., of Westboro, Mass.; Jerry S. Williams, of Denver, Colo.; Wayne
DeArmond Williams, of Denver, Colo.; Stephen L. R. McNichols, of
Denver, Colo.; Daniel J. Dugan, of Albany, N. Y.; Harry Singerman,
of Baltimore, Md.; Donald C. McCreery, of Denver, Colo.; Charles
E. Heidingsfelder, Jr., of Houston, Tex.; Theo P. Otjen, of Milwau-
kee, Wis.; Francis J. Darke, Jr., of Washington, D. C.; James Coates
Lear, of Washington, D. C.; Walter H. Free, of New York City;
Barton H. Kuhns, of Omaha, Nebr.; Robert A. Nelson, of Lincoln,
Nebr.; Robert Hendry Kirkwood, of Washington, D. C.; Albert A.
Corn, of Chicago, Ill.; Joseph B. Robison, of New York City; and
Paul Treasevant Chance, of Augusta, Ga., were admitted to practice.
No. 88. Ella F. Fondren and The Estate of W. W. Fondren, de-
ceased, et al., petitioners, v. Commissioner of Internal Revenue. On
writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for
the Fifth Circuit. Judgment affirmed and cause remanded to the said
Circuit Court of Appeals. Opinion by Mr. Justice Rutledge.
No. 86. Regal Knitwear Company, petitioner, v. National Labor
Relations Board. On writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit
Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit. Judgment affirmed and
cause remanded to the said Circuit Court of Appeals. Opinion by Mr.
Justice Jackson. Dissenting opinion by Mr. Chief Justice Stone in
which Mr. Justice Roberts and Mr. Justice Reed concur.
No. 322. Roscoe Herget, Trustee in Bankruptcy of N. L. Rogers &
Company, Inc., petitioner, v. The Central National Bank & Trust Com-
pany of Peoria, a National Banking Corporation. On writ of cer-
tiorari to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Seventh
Circuit. Judgment affirmed with costs and cause remanded to the Dis-
trict Court of the United States for the Southern District of Illinois.
Opinion by Mr. Justice Murphy.
597362-45- -53

MONDAY, JANUARY 29, 1945
145
No. 93. W. G. Choate, petitioner, v. Commissioner of Internal Rev-
enue. On writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of
Appeals for the Tenth Circuit. Judgment reversed and cause re-
manded to the said Circuit Court of Appeals for further proceedings
in conformity with the opinion of this Court. Opinion by Mr. Justice
Douglas.
No. 137. Prudence Realization Corporation, petitioner, v. Joseph
W. Ferris, George L. Long, and Henry Leifert, as Trustees, etc., et al.
On writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of the State of New York.
Judgment affirmed with costs. Opinion by Mr. Justice Frankfurter.
Opinion by Mr. Chief Justice Stone concurring in the result, in which
Mr. Justice Rutledge joins.
No. 207. Lena Rosenman and The National City Bank of New
York, a corporation, as Executors of the Last Will and Testament of
Louis Rosenman, deceased, petitioners, v. The United States. On writ
of certiorari to the Court of Claims. Judgment reversed and cause
remanded to the Court of Claims for further proceedings in con-
formity with the opinion of this Court. Opinion by Mr. Justice
Frankfurter.
No. 81. Otis & Co., petitioner, v. Securities and Exchange Commis-
sion and The United Light and Power Company. On writ of cer-
tiorari to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Third
Circuit. Judgment affirmed and cause remanded to the District Court
of the United States for the District of Delaware. Opinion by Mr. Jus-
tice Reed. Mr. Justice Douglas took no part in the consideration or
decision of this case. Dissenting opinion by Mr. Chief Justice Stone
in which Mr. Justice Roberts and Mr. Justice Frankfurter join.
No. 265. Clarence W. Blair, petitioner, v. Baltimore & Ohio Rail-
road Company. On writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Penn-
sylvania. Judgment reversed with costs and cause remanded to the
said Supreme Court for further proceedings not inconsistent with the
opinion of this Court. Opinion by Mr. Justice Black. Dissenting:
The Chief Justice and Mr. Justice Roberts.
No. 340. Lee F. Weiler, petitioner, v. The United States of Amer-
ica. On writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of
Appeals for the Third Circuit. Judgment reversed and cause re-
manded to the District Court of the United States for the Eastern
District of Pennsylvania for further proceedings in conformity with
the opinion of this Court. Opinion by Mr. Justice Black.
No. 47. The United States of America, Interstate Commerce Com-
mission, Seatrain Lines, Inc., et al., appellants, v. The Pennsylvania
Railroad Company et al.; and

MONDAY, JANUARY 29, 1945
146
No. 48. The Pennsylvania Railroad Company et al., appellants, v.
The United States of America, Interstate Commerce Commission, et
al. Appeals from the District Court of the United States for the
District of New Jersey. In No. 47 the judgment is reversed; in No. 48
the judgment is affirmed; and the cause is remanded to the said Dis-
trict Court for further proceedings in conformity with the opinion
of this Court. Opinion by Mr. Justice Black. Dissenting: Mr.
Justice Roberts.
No. 182. The Pennsylvania Railroad Company, The Atchison, To-
peka and Santa Fe Railway Company, et al., appellants, v. The United
States of America, Interstate Commerce Commission, et al. Appeal
from the District Court of the United States for the District of Mary-
land. Judgment affirmed. Opinion by Mr. Justice Roberts.
No. 294. City Bank Farmers Trust Company, formerly known as
The Farmers Loan and Trust Company, as administrator, etc., peti-
tioner, v. George T. McGowan, Collector of Internal Revenue etc.
On writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals
for the Second Circuit. Judgment reversed to the extent indicated
in the opinion of this Court and cause remanded to the District Court
of the United States for the Western District of New York for further
proceedings in conformity therewith. Opinion by Mr. Justice
Roberts.
The Chief Justice announced the following orders of the Court:
No. 482. Everett Lee Mackey, petitioner, v. Paul E. Kaiser, War-
den, Missouri State Penitentiary. On petition for writ of certiorari
to the Supreme Court of Missouri. Per curiam: The motion for leave
to proceed in forma pauperis is granted. The petition for writ of
certiorari is granted. After the Supreme Court of Missouri denied
the petition for habeas corpus in this case on the ground that it "fails
to state a cause of action," this Court decided on January 8, 1945, in
Williams v. Kaiser, No. 102, and Tomkins v. Missouri, No. 64,
questions having a bearing on the issues in the present case. Accord-
ingly we vacate the judgment and remand the case to the Supreme
Court of Missouri for further consideration in the light of our de-
cisions in those cases. Mathews v. West Virginia, 320 U. S. 707, and
cases cited.
No. 732. Andrew B. Crichton et al., copartners, doing business as
Super Service Motor Freight Company et al., appellants, v. The
United States of America et al. Appeal from the District Court of
the United States for the Southern District of New York. Per
curiam: The motion to affirm is granted and the judgment is affirmed.
(1) North Coast Transportation Co. v. United States, No. 275, de-
cided October 9, 1944; Carolina Scenic Coach Lines v. United States,

MONDAY, JANUARY 29, 1945
147
No. 637, decided December 11, 1944; (2) Alton R. R. Co. v. United
States, 315 U. S. 15, 24; and (3) United States v. Pan American
Petroleum Corporation, 304 U. S. 156, 158.
No. 747. Paul R. Nemours, appellant, v. City of Clayton, a Munic-
ipal Corporation; and
No. 748. Mrs. A. Nemours, appellant, v. City of Clayton, a Munic-
ipal Corporation. Appeals from the Supreme Court of Missouri.
Per curiam: The appeals are dismissed for want of a substantial fed-
eral question. Cf. Fischer v. St. Louis, 194 U. S. 361; Bacon v.
Walker, 204 U. S. 311; Cusack Co. v. City of Chicago, 242 U. S. 526.
No. 769. Fred A. Hughes, H. Clay Garrison, et al., appellants, v.
Caddo Parish School Board, Roscoe H. White, Superintendent, etc.,
et al., etc. Appeal from the District Court of the United States for
the Western District of Louisiana. Per curiam: The motion to amend
the assignment of errors is denied. The motion to affirm is granted
and the judgment is affirmed. Waugh v. Mississippi University, 237
U. S. 589.
The Chief Justice said:
"The other orders of the Court appear upon the list certified by
the Chief Justice and filed with the Clerk and will not be announced
orally."
-
No. People ex rel. Edward S. Fortune, petitioner, v. G. F.
Brewster et al.;
No.. Charles Kinney Hutton, petitioner, v. The United States;
and
No.. Ex parte Percey Arthur Whistler, petitioner. The motions
for leave to file petitions for writs of habeas corpus are denied.
No. James Edwards, petitioner, v. The District Court of the
United States for the District of Columbia. The motion for leave
to file petition for writ of mandamus is denied.
No.. Gus Brown, petitioner, v. Joseph E. Ragen, Warden, etc.
The petition for writ of certiorari is denied.
No.. Hon. Peirson M. Hall, Judge of the District Court of the
United States, Southern California, petitioner, v. The United States
of America. The motion for leave to proceed on typewritten papers
is granted.
No. 351. Carlota Benitez Sampayo, petitioner, v. The United
States of America et al.;
No. 352. Carlota Benitez Sampayo, petitioner, v. The Bank of
Nova Scotia; and
No. 353. Carlota Benitez Sampayo, petitioner, v. The Bank of
Nova Scotia et al. Time within which to file reply brief extended
to February 23, next, on application of the petitioner.

MONDAY, JANUARY 29, 1945
148
No. 506. John Mosher, petitioner, v. Walter A. Hunter, Warden,
etc. Time within which to file petition for rehearing extended to
March 11, next, on application of the petitioner.
No. 788. Harry Bridges, petitioner, v. I. F. Wixon, as District Di-
rector, Immigration and Naturalization Service, etc. Petition for
writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of Appeals for the Ninth Cir-
cuit granted. The motion of the Communist Political Association for
leave to intervene is denied. Mr. Justice Jackson took no part in the
consideration or decision of these applications.
No. 750. Engineering & Research Corporation, petitioner, v. Na-
tional Labor Relations Board. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
Circuit Court of Appeals for the Fourth Circuit denied.
No. 751. L. J. Scott, petitioner, v. The United States of America.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of Appeals for the
Tenth Circuit denied.
No. 754. Irving Breitowich, petitioner, v. Margaret Tharp and
Standard Process Corporation, Garnishee. Petition for writ of cer-
tiorari to the Appellate Court, First District, State of Illinois denied.
No. 756. McGrew Paint and Asphalt Co., petitioner, v. Francis B.
Murphy, Director of Labor;
No. 757. Railway Paint Co., petitioner, v. Francis B. Murphy,
Director of Labor;
No. 758. Dednox, Inc., petitioner, v. Francis B. Murphy, Director
of Labor; and
No. 759. Insul-Mastic Roofing & Siding Co., petitioner, v. Francis
B. Murphy, Director of Labor. Petition for writs of certiorari to the
Supreme Court of Illinois denied.
No. 763. The Kelling Nut Co., petitioner, v. National Nut Com-
pany of California. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court
of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit denied.
No. 764. Budd International Corporation, petitioner, v. Commis-
sioner of Internal Revenue. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Cir-
cuit Court of Appeals for the Third Circuit denied.
No. 725. Mollie Netcher Newbury, petitioner, v. The United States.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Claims denied.
No. 730. Thomas J. Molloy & Co., Inc., petitioner, v. Stewart Ber-
shire, as Deputy Commissioner of the Bureau of Internal Revenue, etc.,
et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of Appeals
for the Second Circuit denied.
No. 739. International Standard Electric Corporation, petitioner,
v. Commissioner of Internal Revenue; and
No. 740. International Standard Electric Corporation, petitioner,
v. Commissioner of Internal Revenue. Petition for writs of certiorari
to the Circuit Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit denied.

MONDAY, JANUARY 29, 1945
149
No. 767. Continental Oil Company et al., petitioners, v. State of
Minnesota. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of
Minnesota denied.
No. 773. Oils, Inc., an Oklahoma Corporation, petitioner, v. G. T.
Blankenship and Daisy O. Blankenship et al. Petition for writ of
certiorari to the Circuit Court of Appeals for the Tenth Circuit denied.
No. 780. William Lee Smith, petitioner, v. The United States of
America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of Ap-
peals for the Tenth Circuit denied.
No. 786. The Board of County Commissioners of the County of
Fremont, Wyoming, et al., petitioners, v. The United States of Amer-
ica. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of Appeals
for the Tenth Circuit denied.
No. 807. George Cordell, petitioner, v. The People of the State of
Michigan. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of
Michigan denied.
No. 790. Harry Hoberman, petitioner, v. The United States of
America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of
Appeals for the Third Circuit denied for the reason that application
therefor was not made within the time provided by law. Rule XI of
the Criminal Appeals Rules, 292 U. S. 665–66.
No. 676. Joseph T. MacAvoy, petitioner, v. The State of Nebraska.
On petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Nebraska;
No. 778. Dewey F. Inman and Russell A. Stark, petitioners, v.
State of North Carolina. On petition for writ of certiorari to the
Supreme Court of North Carolina;
No. 772. Frank Burkhart, petitioner, v. Arthur A. Bennett, War-
den, etc.;
No. 776. Leonard Johns, petitioner, v. Joseph E. Ragen, Warden,
etc.;
No. 777. George Leon Gibson, petitioner, v. Joseph E. Ragen, War-
den, etc.; and
No. 796. Magnus Olson, petitioner, v. Arthur A. Bennett, Warden,
etc. On petitions for writs of certiorari to the Supreme Court of
Illinois. The motions for leave to proceed in forma pauperis are
granted. The petitions for writs of certiorari are denied.
No. 781. Sylvester Washington, petitioner, v. Joseph E. Ragen,
Warden, etc. The motion for leave to proceed in forma pauperis is
granted. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of
Illinois denied for the reason that application therefor was not made
within the time provided by law. Sec. 8 (a), Act of February 13,
1925 (43 Stat. 936, 940), 28 U. S. C., sec. 350.
No. Ex parte Garfield J. Kelly, petitioner;
No. 14. R. J. Thomas, appellant, v. H. W. Collins, Sheriff, etc.;

MONDAY, JANUARY 29, 1945
150
No. 444. Addie K. Redmond et al., petitioners, v. Commerce Trust
Company, as Trustee, etc.;
No. 503. Addie K. Redmond and Erma H. Parker, petitioners, v.
United Funds Management Corporation, Bankrupt, et al.;
No. 535. Paul Davis, petitioner, v. James A. Johnston, Warden,
etc.;
No. 607. Homer C. Price, petitioner, v. James A. Johnston, War-
den, etc.; and
No. 694. Isaac Trainin, petitioner, v. David E. Cain, Commanding
Officer of Camp Upton. Petitions for rehearing denied.
No. 664. Harry Newman, petitioner, v. William B. Bostian, Trus-
tee. On petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of Ap-
peals for the Eighth Circuit. Dismissed on motion of petitioner.
No. 296. Panhandle Eastern Pipe Line Company et al., petitioners,
v. Federal Power Commission et al. Argued by Mr. John S. L. Yost
and Mr. Ira Lloyd Letts for the petitioners and by Mr. Chester T.
Laine and Mr. Charles V. Shannon for the respondents.
No. 379. Colorado Interstate Gas Company, petitioner, v. Federal
Power Commission et al. Argument commenced by Mr. William A.
Dougherty for the petitioner.
Adjourned until tomorrow at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Tuesday, January 30, will be as follows: Nos. 379,
380, 575, 371, 337, 377, 391, 342, 419, and 354.

TUESDAY, JANUARY 30, 1945
151
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: The Chief Justice, Mr. Justice Roberts, Mr. Justice Black,
Mr. Justice Reed, Mr. Justice Douglas, Mr. Justice Murphy, Mr.
Justice Jackson, and Mr. Justice Rutledge.
Orval N. Thompson, of Albany, Oreg.; Herbert P. Welch, of Al-
turas, Calif.; Charles Lederer, of Alturas, Calif.; Emil N. Levin, of
Chicago, Ill.; Russell Clinton Roberts, of Flint, Mich.; R. C. Horne,
of Madison, Fla.; Henry George Simmonite, of New York City; Peter
L. Wentz, of Chicago, Ill.; Horace Autrey Young, of Chicago, Ill.;
Gilbert H. Osgood, of Chicago, Ill.; G. E. Hale, of Chicago, Ill.; For-
rest M. Hemker, of St. Louis, Mo.; Dean Anson Harvey, of St. Louis,
Mo.; Walter B. Wooden, of Washington, D. C.; and Sylvan Bruner,
of Pittsburg, Kans., were admitted to practice.
No. 379. Colorado Interstate Gas Company, petitioner, v., Federal
Power Commission et al. Argument continued by Mr. William A.
Dougherty for the petitioner and concluded by Mr. Charles V. Shan-
non for the respondents. Leave granted petitioner to file a reply brief
by Monday next.
No. 380. Canadian River Gas Company, petitioner, v. Federal
Power Commission et al. Argument commenced by Mr. John P.
Akolt for the petitioner; continued by Mr. Carl I. Wheat for Inde-
pendent Natural Gas Association of America, as amicus curiae, by
special leave of Court; by Mr. Chester T. Lane and Mr. Charles V.
Shannon for the respondent; and concluded by Mr. Charles H. Keffer
for the petitioner. Leave granted petitioner to file a reply brief by
Monday next.
No. 575. Colorado-Wyoming Gas Company, petitioner, v. Federal
Power Commission et al. Argued by Mr. Donald C. McCreery for
the petitioner and by Mr. Charles V. Shannon for the respondents.
No. 371. Commissioner of Internal Revenue, petitioner, v. John H.
Smith. Argument commenced by Mr. J. Louis Monarch for the
petitioner.
Adjourned until tomorrow at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Wednesday, January 31, will be as follows: Nos.
371, 337, 377, 391, 342, 419, 354, 534, 421, and 462.
☑
597362-45-
-54

WEDNESDAY, JANUARY 31, 1945
152
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: The Chief Justice, Mr. Justice Roberts, Mr. Justice Black,
Mr. Justice Reed, Mr. Justice Douglas, Mr. Justice Murphy, Mr.
Justice Jackson, and Mr. Justice Rutledge.
Horace C. Alford, of Birmingham, Ala.; Jack Louis Rau, of Los
Angeles, Calif.; Whitman Knapp, of New York City; and Samuel I.
Rosenman, of New York City, were admitted to practice.
No. 371. Commissioner of Internal Revenue, petitioner, v. John H.
Smith. Argument commenced by Mr. Clarence D. Phillips for the
respondent.
No. 337. International Union of Mine, Mill, and Smelter Workers,
Locals No. 15, et al., etc., petitioners, v. Eagle-Picher Mining and
Smelting Company et al. Argued by Mr. Louis N. Wolfe for the
petitioners; by Mr. Alvin J. Rockwell for the respondent National
Labor Relations Board; and by Mr. John G. Madden for the respond-
ents Eagle Picher Mining and Smelting Co. et al.
No. 377. Precision Instrument Manufacturing Company et al., peti-
tioners, v. Automotive Maintenance Machinery Company. Argument
commenced by Mr. Casper W. Ooms for the petitioners and continued
by Mr. Frank P. Davis for the respondent.
Adjourned until tomorrow at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Thursday, February 1, will be as follows: Nos. 377,
391, 342, 419, 354, 534, 421, 462, 445, and 554.
597362-45- -55

THURSDAY, FEBRUARY 1, 1945
153.
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: The Chief Justice, Mr. Justice Roberts, Mr. Justice Black,
Mr. Justice Reed, Mr. Justice Frankfurter, Mr. Justice Douglas, Mr.
Justice Murphy, Mr. Justice Jackson; and Mr. Justice Rutledge.
John J. Boyle, of New York City; Mark Neary Donohue, of New
York City; Granville Martin Brumbaugh, of New York City; Daniel
Arthur Bennett, of Arlington, Va.; and Alfred H. Wasserstrom, of
New York City, were admitted to practice.
No. 377. Precision Instrument Manufacturing Company et al., peti-
tioners, v. Automotive Maintenance Machinery Company. Argu-
ment continued by Mr. Frank P. Davis for the respondent and con-
cluded by Mr. Casper W. Ooms for the petitioners.
No. 391. Richard Rice, petitioner, v. Neil Olson, Warden of the
Nebraska State Penitentiary, etc. Argued by Mr. Barton H. Kuhns
for the petitioner and by Mr. Robert A. Nelson for the respondent.
No. 342. Robert R. Young, petitioner, v. The Higbee Company
et al. Argued by Mr. Robert W. Purcell for the petitioner and by Mr.
Marvin C. Harrison for the respondents.
No. 419. Daniel K. Catlin et al., as Trustees, etc., et al., petitioners.
v. The United States of America. Argument commenced by Mr.
Ralph F. Fuchs for the respondent.
Adjourned until tomorrow at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Friday, February 2, will be as follows: Nos. 419,
354, 534, 421, 462, 445, 554, 50 (and 61), 400, and 518.
597362-45-56

FRIDAY, FEBRUARY 2, 1945
154
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: The Chief Justice, Mr. Justice Roberts, Mr. Justice Black,
Mr. Justice Reed, Mr. Justice Frankfurter, Mr. Justice Douglas, Mr.
Justice Murphy, Mr. Justice Jackson, and Mr. Justice Rutledge.
Louisa Terrill Pearson, of Corpus Christi, Tex.; Emeline Katherine
Jackson, of Corpus Christi, Tex.; I. Jack Martin, of Cincinnati, Ohio;
John M. Bowsher, of Columbus, Ohio; Daniel R. Moreland, of Wash-
ington, D. C.; Henriette Mertz, of Chicago, Ill.; Fred T. Williams,
of Chicago, Ill.; Thornton F. Holder, of Bronxville, N. Y.; Robert
James Leahy, of Madison, Wis.; Roland Alfred Anderson, of Brook-
lyn, N. Y.; Roy J. Keefer, of Harrisburg, Pa.; Aaron Benenson,
of
New York City; Max R. Simon, of Brooklyn, N. Y.; James W. Scott,
of New York City; Benjamin Prager, of Washington, D. C.; Martin
J. Kelly, Jr., of New York City; and William H. Krieg, of Indian-
apolis, Ind., were admitted to practice.
No. 885. A. M. Anderson, Receiver, etc., petitioner, v. R. C. Tway.
Time within which to file brief opposing petition for writ of certiorari
extended to and including March 19, next, on motion of counsel for
the respondent.
No. 419. Daniel K. Catlin et al., as Trustees, etc., et al., petitioners,
v. The United States of America. Argument continued by Mr. Ralph
F. Fuchs for the respondent and case submitted by Mr. Thomas S.
McPheeters, Mr. Henry Davis and Mr. George D. Burroughs for the
petitioners.
No. 354. Commissioner of Internal
H. Wheeler et al., executors, etc., et al.
coff for the petitioner and by Mr.
respondents.
Revenue, petitioner, v. Elliott
Argued by Mr. Bernard Chert-
William D. Whitney for the
No. 534. Estate of Henry W. Putnam, Guaranty Trust Company
of New York, executor, petitioner, v. Commissioner of Internal Reve-
nue. Argued by Mr. William D. Whitney for the petitioner and by
Miss Helen R. Carloss for the respondent.
597362-45-57

FRIDAY, FEBRUARY 2, 1945
155
No. 421. Arsenal Building Corporation and Spear & Co., Inc., peti-
tioners, v. Meyer Greenberg, suing on behalf of himself, etc. Argu-
ment commenced by Mr. Robert R. Bruce for the petitioners.
Adjourned until Monday next at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Monday, February 5, will be as follows: Nos. 421,
462, 445, 554, 50 (and 61), 400, 518, 520, 523 (524, 525,
526, 527, 528, 529, and 530), and 312.

MONDAY, FEBRUARY 5, 1945
156
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: The Chief Justice, Mr. Justice Roberts, Mr. Justice Black,
Mr. Justice Reed, Mr. Justice Frankfurter, Mr. Justice Douglas, Mr..
Justice Murphy, Mr. Justice Jackson, and Mr. Justice Rutledge.
Calvin Arthur Campbell, of Midland, Mich.; Donald Lawrence
Conner, of Midland, Mich.; Einar Viren, of Holdrege, Nebr.; Robert
Henry Hollander, of Milwaukee, Wis.; Edmund J. Driscoll, of New
York City; Harry G. Muney, of New York City; Kenneth E. Hines,
of Sutton, W. Va.; Sedgwick Snedeker, of Brooklyn, N. Y.; Harney
Powell Yates, of New York City; Louis Spencer Bonsteel, of Miami,
Fla.; Sadie B. Arbuthnot, of Washington, D. C.; and Dwight H.
Crawford, of Arkadelphia, Ark., were admitted to practice.
No. 24. Victor J. Herb, petitioner, v. Norman B. Pitcairn and Frank
C. Nocodemus, Jr., Receivers for Wabash Railway Company; and
No. 25. Benjamin F. Belcher, petitioner, v. Louisville & Nashville
Railroad Company. On writs of certiorari to the Supreme Court of
the State of Illinois. Cases continued for such period as will enable
counsel for petitioners to apply to the Supreme Court of Illinois for
amendment, or certificate, which will show whether it has intended to
rest the judgments herein on an adequate and independent state
ground or whether decision of the federal question was necessary to
the judgment rendered. Opinion by Mr. Justice Jackson. Dissenting
opinion by Mr. Justice Black in which Mr. Justice Douglas and Mr.
Justice Murphy join. Dissenting opinion by Mr. Justice Rutledge.
No. 263. Fidelity-Philadelphia Trust Company, and Robert A.
Workman, executors of the estate of Anna C. Stinson, deceased, peti-
tioners, v. Walter J. Rothensies, individually and as Collector of In-
ternal Revenue for the First District of Pennsylvania. On writ of
certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Third
Circuit. Judgment affirmed with costs and cause remanded to the
District Court of the United States for the Eastern District of Penn-
sylvania. Opinion by Mr. Justice Murphy. Concurring opinion by
Mr. Justice Douglas.
No. 578. Commissioner of Internal Revenue, petitioner, v. Estate
of Lester Field, deceased, Barnett Hollander, Temporary Administra-
tor and Executor. On writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit
Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit. Judgment reversed and
597362-45-58

MONDAY, FEBRUARY 5, 1945
157
cause remanded to the said Circuit Court of Appeals for further pro-
ceedings in conformity with the opinion of this Court. Opinion by
Mr. Justice Murphy. Concurring opinion by Mr. Justice Douglas.
No. 287. John Barr, petitioner, v. The United States of America.
On writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Customs and
Patent Appeals. Judgment reversed and cause remanded to the said
Court of Customs and Patent Appeals for further proceedings in con-
formity with the opinion of this Court. Opinion by Mr. Justice
Douglas. Mr. Justice Jackson took no part in the consideration
or decision of this case. Dissenting opinion by Mr. Justice Frank-
furter in which Mr. Justice Black joins.
No. 410. Owen N. Price, Trustee for bondholders of the Western
Tool & Manufacturing Co., et al., petitioners, v. James G. Gurney,
individually and on behalf of other shareholders of the Western Tool
& Manufacturing Company, et al. On writ of certiorari to the
United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Sixth Circuit. Judg-
ment. reversed with costs and cause remanded to the District Court of
the United States for the Southern District of Ohio for further pro-
ceedings in conformity with the opinion of this Court. Opinion by
Mr. Justice Douglas.
No. 31. James Karl Muschany and Vera Muschany, petitioners, v.
The United States of America; and
No. 32. William M. Andrews and Bertha L. Andrews, petitioners, v.
The United States of America. On writs of certiorari to the United
States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Eighth Circuit. Judgments
reversed with costs and cases remanded to the District Court of the
United States for the Eastern District of Missouri for further pro-
ceedings in conformity with the opinion of this Court. Opinion by
Mr. Justice Reed. Mr. Justice Jackson took no part in the considera-
tion or decision of these cases. Dissenting opinion by Mr. Justice
Black in which Mr. Justice Frankfurter and Mr. Justice Rutledge
join.
No. 455. The Republic of Mexico and The Steamship “Baja Cali-
fornia" by The Republic of Mexico, as owner, petitioners, v. R. B.
Hoffman. On writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of
Appeals for the Ninth Circuit. Judgment affirmed with costs and
cause remanded to the District Court of the United States for the
Southern District of California. Opinion by Mr. Chief Justice Stone.
Concurring opinion by Mr. Justice Frankfurter in which Mr. Justice
Black joins.
No. 921. Albert R. House, petitioner, v. Nathan Mayo, State Prison
Custodian. On motion for leave to file petition for writ of habeas
corpus and petition for writ of certiorari. The motions for leave to
proceed in forma pauperis and for leave to file petition for writ of

MONDAY, FEBRUARY 5, 1945
158
certiorari are granted. The petition for writ of certiorari is also
granted. The order of the Circuit Court of Appeals for the Fifth
Circuit and the judgment of the District Court of the United States
for the Southern District of Florida are reversed and the cause is
remanded to the said District Court for further proceedings in con-
formity with the opinion of this Court. The motion for leave to file
petition for writ of habeas corpus in this Court is denied. Opinion,
per curiam, announced by Mr. Chief Justice Stone. Mr. Justice
Roberts is of opinion that the writ of certiorari should be denied.
The Chief Justice announced the following orders of the Court:
No. 830. Mitchell Cantrell, Hobert Meek, et al., appellants, v.
Lester Adams, J. Douglas Turner, et al. Appeal from the Court of
Appeals of Kentucky. Per curiam: The appeal is dismissed for want
of jurisdiction. Sec. 237 (a), Judicial Code, as amended, 28 U. S. C.,
sec. 344 (a). Treating the papers whereon the appeal was allowed as
a petition for writ of certiorari as required by sec. 237 (c) of the
Judicial Code, as amended, 28 U. S. C., sec. 344 (c), certiorari is
denied.
No. 865. Eddie Simmons, alias Doc Simmons, appellant, v. State
of Mississippi. Appeal from the Supreme Court of Mississippi. Per
curiam: The motion for leave to proceed in forma pauperis is granted.
The appeal is dismissed for want of jurisdiction. Sec. 237 (a), Judi-
cial Code, as amended, 28 U. S. C., sec. 344 (a). Treating the papers
whereon the appeal was allowed as a petition for writ of certiorari as
required by sec. 237 (c) of the Judicial Code, as amended, 28 U. S. C.,
sec. 344 (c), certiorari is denied.
No. 856. Edmund J. Ryan, appellant, v. Frank C. Thompson,
Arthur Nimmer, and Michael Mulcahy. Appeal from the District
Court of the United States for the Northern District of Illinois.
Per curiam: The judgment is affirmed. (1) Douglas v. City of Jean-
nette, 319 U. S. 157, and cases cited; (2) Hayman v. City of Galveston,
273 U. S. 414; Semler v. Dental Examiners, 294 U. S. 608.
The Chief Justice said:
"The other orders of the Court appear upon the list certified by the
Chief Justice and filed with the Clerk and will not be announced
orally."
No. -. Ex parte Kenneth Sutton, petitioner. The motion for leave
to file petition for writ of habeas corpus is denied.
No.
--
Daisy D. Wilson, petitioner, v. Ralph S. Hinman et al. Ap-
plication denied.

MONDAY, FEBRUARY 5, 1945
159
No. 589. Commissioner of Internal Revenue, petitioner, v. William
D. Disston. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of
Appeals for the Third Circuit granted and case transferred to the sum-
mary docket.
No. 806. Alma Motor Company, petitioner, v. The Timken-Detroit
Axle Company et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit.
Court of Appeals for the Third Circuit granted.
No. 855. Congress of Industrial Organizations, an unincorporated
association, et al., petitioners, v. Robert E. McAdory, as Solicitor of
Jefferson County, Alabama, et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to
the Supreme Court of Alabama granted and case assigned for argu-
ment immediately following No. 588. Counsel are requested to dis-
cuss in their briefs and on oral argument the question whether the
record presents one or more cases or controversies within the meaning
of Art. III, Sec. 2 of the Constitution and to state the precise facts
giving rise to, and the issues involved in, each such case or controversy,
if any. The Solicitor General is invited to file a brief amicus curiae
if he is so advised.
No. 811. Leo H. Hill et al., petitioners, v. State of Florida, ex rel.
J. Tom Watson, Attorney General. Petition for writ of certiorari to
the Supreme Court of Florida granted and case assigned for argument
immediately following No. 855. The Solicitor General is invited to
file a brief amicus curiae if he is so advised.
No. 753. Julius H. Miner, as Judge of the Circuit Court of Cook
County, et al., petitioners, v. The People of the State of Illinois, ex
rel. Benefit Association of Railway Employees, etc., et al. Petition
for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Illinois denied.
No. 783. Louis Fleish, petitioner, v. James A. Johnston, Warden,
etc. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of Appeals
for the Ninth Circuit denied.
No. 787. Edward Loew, petitioner, v. The United States of
America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of
Appeals for the Second Circuit denied.
No. 793. Joseph F. Maggio, petitioner, v. Raymond Zeitz as
Trustee in bankruptcy of Luma Camera Service, Inc. Petition for
writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of Appeals for the Second
Circuit denied.
No. 817. Arthur Cudmore, Secretary of Auth-Loffler, Inc., peti-
tioner, v. Chester Bowles, Administrator, Office of Price Adminis-
tration. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court
of Appeals for the District of Columbia denied.
No. 433. Alice Howe, as Executrix of the estate of Mary E. B.
Howe, deceased, petitioner, v. The United States of America. Peti-

MONDAY, FEBRUARY 5, 1945
160
tion for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of Appeals for the
Seventh Circuit denied.
No. 556. Dora Roberts, petitioner, v. Commissioner of Internal
Revenue. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of
Appeals for the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 677. William Fraser, petitioner, v. The United States of
America. Petition fo writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of
Appeals for the Sixth Circuit denied.
No. 654. Thomas McMullen, petitioner, v. P. J. Squier, Warden,
etc. On petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of Ap-
peals for the Ninth Circuit;
No. 774. William Fitzpatrick, petitioner, v. Walter Neirstheimer,
Warden, etc.;
No. 800. Daniel Hesley, petitioner, v. Joseph E. Ragen, Warden,
etc.;
No. 834. Francis Haines, petitioner, v. Walter Nierstheimer,
Warden, etc.; and
No. 871. Robert Wescott, petitioner, v. Joseph E. Ragen, Warden,
etc. On petitions for writs of certiorari to the Supreme Court of
Illinois. The motions for leave to proceed in forma pauperis are
granted. The petitions for writs of certiorari are denied.
No. 836. Thomas Bartell, petitioner, v. People of the State of
Illinois;
No. 839. Elmer Whited, petitioner, v. The People of the State of
Illinois; and
No. 843. James Millman, petitioner, v. Joseph E. Ragen, Warden,
etc. On petitions for writs of certiorari to the Supreme Court of
Illinois. The motions for leave to proceed in forma pauperis are
granted. Petitions for writs of certiorari are denied for the reason
that applications therefor were not made within the time provided
by law. Sec. 8 (a), Act of February 13, 1925 (43 Stat. 936, 940), 28
U. S. C., sec. 350.
No. 879. Elbert J. Burns, alias E. J. Burns, petitioner, v. The State
of Alabama. The motion for leave to proceed in forma pauperis
is granted. The motion for a stay is denied. Petition for writ of
certiorari to the Supreme Court of Alabama denied. Mr. Justice
Black took no part in the consideration or decision of these appli-
cations.
No. 657. Segal Lock & Hardware Company, Inc., et al., petitioners,
v. Federal Trade Commission;
No. 701. Richard O'Neill, petitioner, v. Walter Nierstheimer,
Warden, etc.; and

MONDAY, FEBRUARY 5, 1945
161
No. 723. Emanuel Max Cohen and Albert Charles Schnee, peti-
tioners, v. The United States of America. Petitions for rehearing
denied.
No. 192. Willis E. Giese, petitioner, v. The United States of
America. Petition for rehearing denied. Mr. Justice Douglas took
no part in the consideration or decision of this application.
The Court will take a recess from Monday, February 12, until
Monday, February 26, next.
No. 445. Brooklyn Savings Bank, petitioner, v. William J. O'Neil.
Motion for leave to file brief of Mutual Life Insurance Company of
New York as amicus curiae submitted by Mr. Joseph V. Lane, Jr.,
in their behalf.
No. 421. Arsenal Building Corporation and Spear & Co., Inc., peti-
tioners, v. Meyer Greenberg, suing on behalf of himself, etc. Argu-
ment continued by Mr. Robert R. Bruce for the petitioners and con-
cluded by Mr. Aaron Beneson for the respondents.
No. 462. J. F. Fitzgerald Construction Company, petitioner, v.
Chris Pederson, individually, etc. Argued by Mr. Henry E. Foley
for the petitioner and by Mr. William E. J. Connor for the respondent.
No. 445. Brooklyn Savings Bank, petitioner, v. William J. O'Neil.
Argument commenced by Mr. Homer Cummings for the petitioner.
Adjourned until tomorrow at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Tuesday, February 6, will be as follows: Nos. 445,
554, 50 (and 61), 518, 400, 520, 523 (524, 525, 526, 527, 528,
529, and 530), 312, 514, and 620.
×

TUESDAY, FEBRUARY 6, 1945
162
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: The Chief Justice, Mr. Justice Roberts, Mr. Justice Black,
Mr. Justice Reed, Mr. Justice Frankfurter, Mr. Justice Douglas, Mr.
Justice Murphy, Mr. Justice Jackson, and Mr. Justice Rutledge.
John G. Marshall, of Beaver, Pa.; John W. Riely, of Richmond,
Va.; Duncan C. Gibb, of Front Royal, Va.; Reuben Werlin, of Wash-
ington, D. C.; Christy Russell, of Mattoon, Ill.; Francis C. Sullivan,
of Duluth, Minn.; John E. Baker, Jr., of Chicago, Ill.; William Hume
Everett, of Casper, Wyo.; Henry W. Parker, of New York City;
Arthur H. Stuart, of Grosse Pointe Park, Mich.; Robert E. Hogan,
of Louisville, Ky.; and Maurice A. Weinstein, of Charlotte, N. C.,
were admitted to practice.
No. 445. Brooklyn Savings Bank, petitioner, v. William J. O'Neil.
Argument continued by Mr. Max R. Simon for the respondent and
concluded by Mr. Sedgwick Snedeker for the petitioner.
No. 554. L. Elwood Dize, trading as Dize Box Company, petitioner,
v. Lake Maddrix. Argued by Mr. Hyman Ginsberg for the petitioner
and by Mr. Paul Berman for the respondent.
No. 50. The Dow Chemical Company, petitioner, v. Halliburton Oil
Well Cementing Company; and
No. 61. Halliburton Oil Well Cementing Company, petitioner, v.
The Dow Chemical Company. Argument commenced by Mr. Bernard
A. Schroeder for Dow Chemical Company; continued by Mr. Leonard
S. Lyon for the Halliburton Oil Well Cementing Co.; and concluded
by Mr. Charles J. Merriam for the Dow Chemical Company.
No. 518. M. C. Garber, petitioner, v. Ralph Crews et al. Argument
commenced by Mr. P. C. Simons for the petitioner.
Adjourned until tomorrow at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Wednesday, February 7, will be as follows: Nos.
518, 400, 520, 523 (524, 525, 526, 527, 528, 529, and 530), 312,
514, 620, 495, and 581.
597362-45-59

WEDNESDAY, FEBRUARY 7, 1945
163
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: The Chief Justice, Mr. Justice Roberts, Mr. Justice Black,
Mr. Justice Frankfurter, Mr. Justice Douglas, Mr. Justice Murphy,
Mr. Justice Jackson, and Mr. Justice Rutledge.
Dewey A. Routh, of Kansas City, Mo.; Delmas L. Haney, of Hays,
Kans.; Percy W. Meekins, of Lenoir, N. C.; Charles R. Gray, of
Pawhuska, Okla.; Carl J. Watkins, of Seattle, Wash.; David Williams
Heath, of Austin, Tex.; Paul S. Kelly, of Kansas City, Mo.; Edmund
Elliott Shepherd, of Lansing, Mich.; John L. Nixon, of Jacksonville,
Fla.; and Joseph B. Ely, of Westfield, Mass., were admitted to practice.
No. 738. Minnesota Mining & Manufacturing Company, petitioner,
v. Conway P. Coe, Commissioner of Patents. Time within which to
file petition for rehearing extended to and including February 23,
next.
No. 212. Dewey White, petitioner, v. Joseph E. Ragen, Warden,
etc.; and
No. 259. Louis Lutz, petitioner, v. Joseph E. Ragen, Warden, etc.
It is ordered that Wilbur G. Katz, Esquire, of Chicago, Ill., be ap-
pointed to serve as counsel for the petitioners in these cases.
No. 518. J. C. Garber, petitioner, v. Ralph Crews et al. Argument
continued by Mr. P. C. Simons for the petitioner and concluded by
Mr. Christy Russell for the respondents.
No. 400. Charleston Federal Savings & Loan Association et al.,
appellants, v. George P. Alderson, State Tax Commisioner of West
Virginia. Argued by Mr. J. Campbell Palmer III for the appellants
and by Mr. Kenneth E. Hines for the appellee.
No. 520. Fred G. Drummond, petitioner, v. The United States of
America. Argument commenced by Mr. Roy St. Lewis for the peti-
tioner; continued by Mr. Charles R. Gray for the petitioner; and by
Mr. Roger P. Marquis for the respondent.
Adjourned until tomorrow at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Thursday, February 8, will be as follows: Nos. 520,
523 (524, 525, 526, 527, 528, 529, and 530), 514, 312, 620, 495,
and 581.
☑
597362-45-60

THURSDAY, FEBRUARY S, 1945
164
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: The Chief Justice, Mr. Justice Roberts, Mr. Justice Black,
Mr. Justice Frankfurter, Mr. Justice Douglas, Mr. Justice Murphy,
Mr. Justice Jackson, and Mr. Justice Rutledge.
Charles W. Yerka, of Superior, Wis.; Hugh V. Murray, of Cen-
tralia, Ill.; Fred B. Greear, of Norton, Va.; George P. Cridlin, of
Jonesville, Va.; Abe M. Goldstein, of Washington, D. C.; and Dan
G. Bardin, of Salinas, Calif., were admitted to practice.
No. 520. Fred G. Drummond, petitioner, 2. The United States of
America. Argument continued by Mr. Roger P. Marquis for the re-
spondent and concluded by Mr. Charles R. Gray for the petitioner.
No. 523. The United States of America, petitioner, v. Frankfort
Distilleries, Inc.;
No. 524. The United States of America, petitioner, v. National Dis-
tillers Products Corporation;
No. 525. The United States of America, petitioner, v. Brown Fore-
man Distillers Corporation;
No. 526. The United States of America, petitioner, v. Hiram
Walker, Incorporated;
No. 527. The United States of America, petitioner, 2. Schenley
Distillers Corporation;
No. 528. The United States of America, petitioner, v. Seagram-Dis-
tillers Corporation;
No. 529. The United States of America, petitioner, v. McKesson &
Robbins, Incorporated; and
No. 530. The United States of America, petitioner, v. J. E. Speegle.
Argued by Mr. Edward H. Levi for the petitioner and by Mr. Robert
S. Marx for the respondents.
No. 514. Thomas Henry Robinson, Jr., petitioner, v. The United
States of America. Argued by Mr. Robert E. Hogan for the petitioner
and by Mr. Edward J. Ennis for the respondent.
No. 312. The United States, petitioner, v. Willow River Power
Company. Argument commenced by Mr. Paul A. Freund for the pe-
titioner and continued by Mr. R. M. Rieser for the respondent.
Adjourned until tomorrow at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Friday, February 9, will be as follows: Nos. 312,
620, and 495.
☑
597362-45-61

FRIDAY, FEBRUARY 9, 1945
165
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: The Chief Justice, Mr. Justice Roberts, Mr. Justice Black,
Mr. Justice Frankfurter, Mr. Justice Douglas, Mr. Justice Murphy,
Mr. Justice Jackson, and Mr. Justice Rutledge.
Alwin F. Pitzner, of Chicago, Ill.; and William W. Wells, of Pen-
dleton, Oreg., were admitted to practice.
No. 312. The United States, petitioner, v., Willow River Power
Company. Argument continued by Mr. R. M. Rieser for the re-
spondent and concluded by Mr. Paul A. Freund for the petitioner.
No. 620. The United States of America, petitioner, v. Carmen
Beach. Argued by Mr. Robert L. Stern for the petitioner and by Mr.
James R. Kirkland for the respondent.
No. 495. The United States of America, petitioner, v. Commodore
Park, Incorporated. Argued by Mr. Solicitor General Fahy for the
petitioner and by Mr. W. R. Ashburn for the respondent.
Adjourned until Monday, February 12 next, at 12 o'clock.
✓
597362-45-
-62

MONDAY, FEBRUARY 12, 1945
166
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: The Chief Justice, Mr. Justice Roberts, Mr. Justice Black,
Mr. Justice Reed, Mr. Justice Frankfurter, Mr. Justice Douglas, Mr.
Justice Murphy, Mr. Justice Jackson, and Mr. Justice Rutledge.
William M. Lester, of Augusta, Ga.; Lindley G. Beckworth, of
Gladewater, Tex.; Harold R. Vann, of Miami Beach, Fla.; Joseph
Jirasek, of Detroit, Mich.; Paul A. Smith, of Houston, Tex.; Roy E.
Danuser, of Hot Springs, Ark.; Ross G. Bohannon, of Brownwood,
Tex.; Joseph Edward Johnson, of Brownwood, Tex.; Nels G. Johnson,
of Towner, N. Dak.; Nemo Convisser, of Brooklyn, N. Y.; Alexander
M. Falk, of Brooklyn, N. Y.; Selmer Roy Johnson, of Boscobel, Wis.;
Charles R. Johnston, of New York City; Warren T. Jessup, of Arling-
ton, Va.; Stephanie Masis, of Detroit, Mich.; Archibald W. Storms,
of Holdrege, Nebr.; Julius F. Franki, of Mission, Tex.; J. M. Hemp-
hill, of Chester, S. C.; Harold W. Matthews, of Washington, D. C.;
Travis I. Milsten, of Tulsa, Okla.; and Stanley M. Morley, of Arling-
ton, Va., were admitted to practice.
No. 148. Webre Steib Company, Ltd., petitioner, v. Commissioner
of Internal Revenue. On writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of
Appeals for the Fifth Circuit. Judgment modified and cause re-
manded to the said Circuit Court of Appeals with directions to remand
to the Tax Court for proceedings in conformity with the opinion of
this Court. Opinion by Mr. Justice Jackson. Dissenting opinion
by Mr. Justice Rutledge in which Mr. Justice Black concurs.
No. 115. State Farm Mutual Automobile Insurance Company, an
Illinois Corporation, appellant, v. Morvin Duel, Commissioner of
Insurance of the State of Wisconsin. Appeal from the Supreme
Court of the State of Wisconsin. Judgment affirmed with costs.
Opinion by Mr. Justice Douglas. Mr. Justice Roberts dissents. Mr.
Justice Jackson is of opinion that the judgment should be vacated.
No. 85. Central States Electric Company, petitioner, v. City of
Muscatine, Iowa, and Elmer E. Johnson, for himself and the users of
Natural Gas in the City of Greenfield, Iowa, et al. On writ of cer-
tiorari to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Seventh
Circuit. Judgment reversed and cause remanded to the said Circuit
Court of Appeals for further proceedings in conformity with the
opinion of this Court. Opinion by Mr. Justice Roberts. Dissenting
597362-45-63

MONDAY, FEBRUARY 12, 1945
167
opinion by Mr. Justice Douglas. Dissenting opinion by Mr. Justice
Black in which Mr. Justice Murphy and Mr. Justice Rutledge concur.
The Chief Justice announced the following orders of the Court:
No. 832. Dr. Benjamin F. Johnson, appellant, v. Mississippi State
Board of Health. Appeal from the Supreme Court of Mississippi.
Per curiam: The appeal is dismissed for want of a substantial federal
question. Hurwitz v. North, 271 U. S. 40, 42.
No. 850. Jack Cole Company, Inc., appellant, v. The United States
of America et al. Appeal from the District Court of the United
States from the Northern District of Alabama. Per curiam: The
motion to affirm is granted and the judgment is affirmed. (1) United
States v. Carolina Carriers Corporation, 315 U. S. 475, 480–82, Howard
Hall Co. v. United States, 315 U. S. 495, 498–99; (2) United States v.
Pan American Corporation, 304 U. S. 156, 158.
The Chief Justice said:
"The other orders of the Court appear upon the list certified by the
Chief Justice and filed with the Clerk and will not be announced
orally."
-
No. In the matter of the disbarment of Hulon Capshaw. It hav-
ing been brought to the attention of the Court, by the filing of the
record in the case of In the Matter of Hulon Capshaw, an Attorney,
No. 386, October Term, 1944, that Hulon Capshaw, of New York,
New York, a member of the bar of this Court, has been disbarred from
the practice of the law in the courts of the State of New York; and
this Court by order of November 6, 1944, having directed the issue of
a rule requiring said Hulon Capshaw to show cause why he should
not be disbarred from the practice of the law in this Court; and the
said Hulon Capshaw having filed return to said rule;
It is ordered that the rule to show cause and the return aforesaid,
together with all papers which have been filed with the Clerk of this
Court in relation to this matter, be, and the same hereby are referred
to Mr. Christopher B. Garnett and Mr. Spencer Gordon, of Washing-
ton, D. C., and Mr. Harry N. Baetjer, of Baltimore, Maryland, as a
committee of the Bar of this Court, to make such inquiry into the
matter as may be necessary or appropriate and with power to sum-
mon witnesses, issue subpenas, and to take such evidence as may be
introduced and such as they may deem it necessary to call for, and
thereupon to make a report and recommendation respecting the final
action to be taken herein by this Court conformably to Rule 2, para-
graph 5, of the Rules of this Court.
No. - Ex parte James Martine, petitioner;
No.
-.
Ex parte LeRoy Baker, petitioner; and
No. . Ex parte Tom Stephenson, petitioner. The motions for
leave to file petitions for writs of habeas corpus are denied.
•

MONDAY, FEBRUARY 12, 1945
168
No. Ex parte William Burgess, petitioner. The motion for
leave to file petition for writ of habeas corpus is denied. Mr. Justice
Jackson took no part in the consideration or decision of this appli-
cation.
No.. Ex parte F. Gerald Thomas, petitioner. The motion for
leave to file petition for writs of mandamus or certiorari is denied.
No. Ex parte Ben Frazier, petitioner. The motion for leave to
file petition for writ of mandamus is denied.
No. . Isidore Allan Steinberg, petitioner, v. Colonel Grover C.
Graham et al. The motion for a stay is denied.
No. 10. Original. The United States of America, complainant, v.
The State of Wyoming and The Ohio Oil Company. The answer
and counterclaim are received and ordered filed with leave to com-
plainant to reply thereto within 20 days.
No. 445. Brooklyn Savings Bank, petitioner, v. William J. O'Neil.
The motion fo leave to file brief of Mutual Life Insurance Co. of
New York as amicus curiae is denied for the reason that application
therefor was not made sufficiently in advance of the oral argument to
enable the parties to reply prior to the argument.
No. 833. The Lincoln National Life Insurance Company, appel-
lant, v. Jess G. Read, Insurance Commissioner of the State of Okla-
homa et al. In this case probable jurisdiction is noted.
No. 791. Lloyd C. Duncan, petitioner, v. Duke Paoa Kahanamoku,
Sheriff of the City and County of Honolulu. Petition for writ of
certiorari to the Circuit Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit
granted.
No. 792. Harry E. White, petitioner, v. Wm. F. Steer, Colonel,
etc. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of Appeals
for the Ninth Circuit granted.
No. 456. The United States of America, petitioner, v. Two Acres
of Land, etc., et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court
of Appeals for the Seventh Circuit granted and case transferred to
the summary docket.
No. 699. Beatrice L. Goldstone and Eugene L. Bondy, Executors,
etc., petitioners, v. The United States of America. Petition for writ
of certiorari to the Circuit Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit
granted and case transferred to the summary docket.
No. 820. 10 East 40th Street Building, Inc., petitioner, v. Charles
Callus, Samuel Said, et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
Circuit Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit granted. The case
is transferred to the summary docket and assigned for argument im-
mediately following No. 688 which is also transferred to the summary
docket.

MONDAY, FEBRUARY 12, 1945
169
No. 673. California Shipbuilding Corporation, petitioner, v. In-
dustrial Accident Commission of the State of California et al. Peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the District Court of Appeal, 2d Appel-
late District, State of California, denied.
No. 784. Carlton R. Benton, Administrator, etc., petitioner, v. St.
Louis-San Francisco Railroad Company. Petition for writ of cer-
tiorari to the Supreme Court of Missouri denied.
No. 812. Boundary County, Idaho, a municipal corporation, etc.,
et al., petitioners, v. Martin Woldson. Petition for writ of certiorari
to the Circuit Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit denied.
No. 814. David W. Onan et al., etc., petitioners, v. National Labor
Relations Board. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court
of Appeals for the Eighth Circuit denied.
No. 821. The United States of America, petitioner, v. Anglin &
Stevenson et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court
of Appeals for the Tenth Circuit denied.
No. 824. Pathfinder Petroleum Company, petitioner, v. General
Insurance Company of America. Petition for writ of certiorari to
the Circuit Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit denied.
No. 827. Cotton State Fertilizer Company et al., petitioners, v.
S. L. Hurt. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of
Appeals for the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 844. A. G. Horton and M. K. Buchanan, Trading as Mechani-
cal Ice Tray Company et al., petitioners, v. General Motors Corpora-
tion. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of Appeals
for the Second Circuit denied.
No. 810. George W. Talbott, petitioner, v. The People of the State
of California. The motion for leave to proceed on the typewritten
record is granted. Petition for writ of certiorari to the District Court
of Appeal, 2d Appellate District, State of California, denied.
No. 752. Grover Thompson, petitioner, v. John E. Harris, Warden,
etc. On petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of
Utah;
No. 765. Allan Lee, Graham, petitioner, v. P. J. Squier, Warden,
etc. On petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of Appeals
for the Ninth Circuit;
No. 779. Clyde Jones, petitioner, v. Ernest R. Stewart, as Judge,
etc. On petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of
Indiana;
No. 785. Ralph Aronson and Hyman Brecker, petitioners, v. The
People of the State of New York. On petition for writ of certiorari
to the Supreme Court of New York;

MONDAY, FEBRUARY 12, 1945
170
No. 789. W. B. Mitchell, petitioner, v. Board of Governors of the
Washington State Bar Association. On petition for writ of certiorari
to the Circuit Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit ;
No. 818. Jeff Kinsey, petitioner, v. State of Florida. On petition
for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Florida;
No. 887. Virgil Lyerla, petitioner, v. Walter Nierstheimer,
Warden, etc.;
No. 889. John Cordts, petitioner, v. Joseph E. Ragen, Warden,
etc.;
No. 891. William Kirsch, petitioner, v. Joseph E. Ragen, Warden,
etc.;
No. 894. Hubert J. Gapinski, petitioner, v. Walter Nierstheimer,
Warden, etc.; and
No. 910. Walter Van Dyke, petitioner, v. Walter Nierstheimer,
Warden, etc. On petitions for writs of certiorari to the Supreme Court
of Illinois. The motions for leave to proceed in forma pauperis are
granted. The petitions for writs of certiorari are denied.
No. 775. Mrs. Lena Mae Davis, as Administratrix, etc., petitioner,
v. Alabama Great Southern Railroad Company. The motion for
leave to proceed in forma pauperis is granted. Petition for writ of
certiorari to the Supreme Court of Alabama denied for the reason that
it does not appear from the record or from the papers submitted that
the judgment is final.
No. 878. George Carnahan, petitioner, v. Walter Nierstheimer,
Warden, etc. The motion for leave to proceed in forma pauperis is
granted. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of
Illinois denied for the reason that application therefor was not made
within the time provided by law. Sec. 8 (a), Act of February 13,
1925 (43 Stat. 936, 940), 28 U. S. C., sec. 350.
No. 22. Fred Toyosaburo Korematsu, petitioner, v. The United
States of America; and
No. 731. John W. Hays and Sarah R. Hays, petitioners, v. Cath-
erine Farrington, Parker M. Wood, et al. Petitions for rehearing
denied.
Adjourned until Monday, February 26 next, at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Monday, February 26, will be as follows: Nos. 510
(and 511), 581, 613, 110, 559, 680, 593, 431, 608, and 570.

MONDAY, FEBRUARY 26, 1945
171
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: The Chief Justice, Mr. Justice Roberts, Mr. Justice Black,
Mr. Justice Reed, Mr. Justice Frankfurter, Mr. Justice Douglas, Mr.
Justice Murphy, Mr. Justice Jackson, and Mr. Justice Rutledge.
John Joseph Smith, of Birmingham, Ala.; William C. Schaper, of
Broken Bow, Nebr.; Charles H. Dorn, of Baltimore, Md.; Thomas O.
Streissguth, of New Ulm, Minn.; Richards W. Hannah, of New York
City; Harold F. Hanson, of Albany, N. Y.; William J. Kridel, of New
York City; M. Benitez-Flores, of San Juan, P. R.; Al M. Heck, of San
Antonio, Tex.; Julian S. Carr, of Atlanta, Ga.; Merwyn H. Brown,
of Winnemucca, Nev.; James Leonard Whittaker, of Princeton, N. J.;
Charles F. McErlean, of Chicago, Ill.; Melvin Samuel Brotman, of
New York City; James S. Clifford, Jr., of Philadelphia, Pa.; and
Cyril Appel, of San Francisco, Calif., were admitted to practice.
No. 419. Daniel K. Catlin, Frederick Pitzman, and Lewis M. Rum-
sey, Jr., as Trustees under deed dated February 1, 1921, etc., peti-
tioners, v. The United States of America. On writ of certiorari to
the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Seventh Circuit.
Judgment affirmed and cause remanded to the District Court of the
United States for the Southern District of Illinois. Opinion by Mr.
Justice Rutledge. Mr. Justice Roberts and Mr. Justice Douglas con-
cur in the result.
No. 368. Gemsco, Inc., et al., petitioners, v. L. Metcalfe Walling,
Administrator of the Wage and Hour Division of the United States
Department of Labor;
No. 369. Mildred Maretzo et al., petitioners, v. L. Metcalfe Wall-
ing, Administrator of the Wage and Hour Division of the United
States Department of Labor; and
No. 370. Josephine Guiseppi et al., petitioners, v. L. Metcalfe Wall-
ing, Administrator of the Wage and Hour Division of the United
States Department of Labor. On writs of certiorari to the United
States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit. Judgments
affirmed and cases remanded to the said Circuit Court of Appeals.
Opinion by Mr. Justice Rutledge. Concurring opinion by Mr. Jus-
tice Frankfurter. Dissenting opinion by Mr. Justice Roberts in
which the Chief Justice joins.
597362-45---64

MONDAY, FEBRUARY 26, 1945
172
No. 279. Canadian Aviator Limited, petitioner, v. The United
States of America. On writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit
Court of Appeals for the Third Circuit. Judgment reversed and cause
remanded to the District Court of the United States for the District of
New Jersey with direction to proceed with consideration of the case
on the merits. Opinion by Mr. Justice Reed.
No. 342. Robert R. Young, petitioner, v. The Higbee Company,
William W. Boag, and J. F. Potts. On writ of certiorari to the United
States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Sixth Circuit. Judgment re-
versed with costs and cause remanded to the District Court of the
United States for the Northern District of Ohio for further proceed-
ings in conformity with the opinion of this Court. Opinion by Mr.
Justice Black. The Chief Justice and Mr. Justice Jackson concur in
the result. Mr. Justice Roberts dissents.
No. 518. M. C. Garber, petitioner, v. Ralph Crews, Charley Crews,
Robert Crews, et al. On writ of certiorari to the United States Cir-
cuit Court of Appeals for the Tenth Circuit. Judgment affirmed
with costs and cause remanded to the District Court of the United
States for the Western District of Oklahoma. Opinion by Mr. Jus-
tice Roberts.
No. 371. Commissioner of Internal Revenue, petitioner, v. John
H. Smith. On writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court
of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit. Judgment of the Tax Court af-
firmed and judgment of the Circuit Court of Appeals reversed and
cause remanded to the Circuit Court of Appeals. Opinion by Mr.
Chief Justice Stone. Dissenting: Mr. Justice Roberts.
No. 400. Charleston Federal Savings & Loan Association et al.,
appellants, v. George P. Alderson, State Tax Commissioner of West
Virginia. Appeal from the Supreme Court of Appeals of West
Virginia. The motion to dismiss the appeal is granted and the appeal
is dismissed. Treating the appeal papers as a petition for writ of
certiorari, certiorari is granted. The judgment is affirmed with costs.
Opinion by Mr. Chief Justice Stone. Mr. Justice Black is of the opin-
ion that the appeal raises no substantial federal question and therefore
concurs in its dismissal. For the same reason he thinks that certiorari
should be denied. Dissenting opinion by Mr. Justice Roberts.
No. 620. The United States of America, petitioner, v. Carmen
Beach. On writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the District of Columbia. Judgment reversed and cause remanded
to the said Court of Appeals for further proceedings in conformity
with the opinion of this Court. Opinion, per curiam, announced by
Mr. Chief Justice Stone. Mr. Justice Roberts took no part in the
consideration or decision of this application. Dissenting opinion by
Mr. Justice Murphy in which Mr. Justice Black joins.

MONDAY, FEBRUARY 26, 1945
173
The Chief Justice announced the following orders of the Court:
No. 858. Illinois Commerce Commission et al., appellants, v. Illi-
nois Central Railroad Company. Appeal from the Supreme Court
of Illinois. Per curiam: The appeal is dismissed for want of juris-
diction. Sec. 237 (a), Judicial Code as amended, 28 U. S. C., sec.
344 (a). Treating the papers whereon the appeal was allowed as a
petition for writ of certiorari as required by sec. 237 (c) of the Judicial
Code as amended, 28 U. S. C., sec. 344 (c), certiorari is denied.
No. 859. Illinois Commerce Commission, appellant, v. Joseph
B. Fleming and Aaron Colnon, Trustees of the Chicago, Rock Island
and Pacific Railway Company;
No. 860. Illinois Commerce Commission, appellant, v. Chicago,
Burlington & Quincy Railroad Company;
No. 861. Illinois Commerce Commission, appellant, v. Henry A.
Scandrett et al, Trustees of the Property of Chicago, Milwaukee, St.
Paul and Pacific Railroad Company; and
No. 862. Illinois Commerce Commission, appellant, v. A. A.
Sprague and Bernard J. Fallon, as Receivers of Chicago, North Shore
and Milwaukee Railroad Company. Appeals from the Supreme Court
of Illinois. Per curiam: The appeals are dismissed for the reason
that the judgment of the court below in each case is based upon a non-
federal ground adequate to support it.
No. 913. Adirondack Transit Lines, Inc., appellant, v. The United
States of America and Interstate Commerce Commission et al. Appeal
from the District Court of the United States for the Southern District
of New York. Per curiam: The motions to affirm are granted and the
judgment is affirmed.
No. 727. Charles C. Oriolo, petitioner, v. The United States of
America. On petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of
Appeals for the Third Circuit. Per curiam: The petition for writ of
certiorari is granted and the judgment is reversed. Mortensen v.
United States, 322 U. S. 369. The Chief Justice, Mr. Justice Douglas,
and Mr. Justice Jackson think that the judgment should be affirmed,
the Mortensen case being inapplicable for the reasons stated in the
opinion of the court below.
The Chief Justice said:
"The other orders of the Court appear upon the list certified by the
Chief Justice and filed with the clerk and will not be announced
orally."
No. Ex parte Howard O. Butler, petitioner. The motion for
leave to file petition for writ of mandamus is denied.
-
No. Ex parte Arthur Lewis, petitioner. Application denied.
No.. Ex parte George S. Miller, petitioner;

No. ·
-
MONDAY, FEBRUARY 26, 1945
Ex parte George Albert Brown, petitioner;
No.. Ex parte Bryan Schwab, petitioner; and
174:
No. -. People of Illinois ex rel. Raymond Henry Rensing, peti-
tioner, v. Walter Nierstheimer, Warden. The motions for leave to file
petitions for writs of habeas corpus are denied.
No. -. Brotherhood and Union of Transit Employees of Baltimore,
petitioners, v. Ross Madden, Regional Director of National Labor
Relations Board, etc. The motion for a stay is denied.
No. 877. The United States of America, Interstate Commerce
Commission, et al., appellants, v. Detroit and Cleveland Navigation
Company et al. In this case probable jurisdiction is noted.
No. 704. John Waldon, petitioner, v. The United States of Amer-
ica. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of Appeals
for the Seventh Circuit denied.
No. 798. Safeway Stores, Incorporated, petitioner, v. Chester
Bowles, Price Administrator. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
United States Emergency Court of Appeals denied.
No. 799. Safeway Stores, Incorporated, petitioner, v. Chester
Bowles, Price Administrator. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
United States Emergency Court of Appeals denied.
No. 819. Central Dispensary and Emergency Hospital, petitioner,
v. National Labor Relations Board. Petition for writ of certiorari
to the United States Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia
denied.
No. 822. Charles Franklin and Manhattan Railway Company, peti-
tioners, v. The City of New York et al. Petition for writ of certiorari
to the Circuit Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit denied.
No. 826. Nathan Berger, Samuel Kaminsky, and Sidney E. Cohn,
petitioners, v. The United States of America. Petition for writ of
certiorari to the Circuit Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit
denied.
No. 831. Stella T. Rambo et al., petitioners, v. The United States
of America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of
Appeals for the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 842. James O. Greenan and Edith Greenan, petitioners, v.
Commissioner of Internal Revenue. Petition for writ of certiorari
to the Circuit Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit denied.
No. 851. Ella Hauser Thatcher, petitioner, v. Katherine Rebecca
Blacker and Taylor B. Weir, Executor, etc. Petition for writ of cer-
tiorari to the Circuit Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit denied.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of Appeals for the
No. 805. William Fraser, et ux., petitioners, v. P. M. Barton et al.
Sixth Circuit denied.

MONDAY, FEBRUARY 26, 1945
175
No. 847. Harvey M. Allison, petitioner, v. Commonwealth of
Pennsylvania. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Superior Court
of Pennsylvania denied.
No. 849. Thomas Martino, petitioner, v. Michigan Window Clean-
ing Company. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court
of Appeals for the Sixth Circuit denied.
No. 863. Julia Moore, petitioner, v. Ionia Moore. Petition for writ
of certiorari to the Circuit Court of Appeals for the Seventh Circuit
denied.
No. 918. Harry Weinstein, petitioner, v. The State of North Caro-
lina. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of North
Carolina denied.
No. 854. R. H. Robinson, Lowrance Brothers & Company, Inc.,
et al., petitioners, v. Ernest J. Deal, individually, etc., et al. Petition
for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the
District of Columbia denied. Mr. Justice Jackson took no part in the
consideration or decision of this application.
No. 803. The United States, petitioner, v. Brand Investment Com-
pany. The motion for leave to proceed on an abbreviated record is
granted. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Claims denied.
No. 869. The Chase National Bank of The City of New York, peti-
tioner, v. Dixon, Irmaos & Cia., Ltda. Petition for writ of certiorari
to the Circuit Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit denied. Mr.
Justice Roberts took no part in the consideration or decision of this
application.
No. 882. W. F. and John Barnes Company et al., petitioners, v.
International Harvester Company and Ex-Cell-O Corporation. Peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of Appeals for the
Seventh Circuit denied. Mr. Justice Roberts took no part in the con-
sideration or decision of this application.
No. 689. Floyd Pearce, petitioner, v. The State of Florida. The
motion for leave to proceed in forma pauperis is granted. Petition
for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Florida denied.
No. 813. Grover C. Eldridge, petitioner, v. E. N. Keith. The mo-
tion for leave to proceed in forma pauperis is granted. Petition for
writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of Appeals for the Sixth Cir-
cuit denied.
No. 883. Samuel H. Foxall, petitioner, v. Joseph E. Ragen,
Warden, etc.;
No. 890. William Phillips, petitioner, v. Joseph E. Ragen, Warden,
etc.;

MONDAY, FEBRUARY 26, 1945
176
No. 892. William Wright, petitioner, v. Joseph E. Ragen, Warden,
etc.;
No. 893. Thomas Fife, petitioner, v. Joseph E. Ragen, Warden,
etc.;
No. 915. Monti Crist, petitioner, v. Joseph E. Ragen, Warden,
etc.;
No. 924. Harry D. Gordon, petitioner, v. The People of the State
of Illinois;
No. 925. William Hanley, petitioner, v. Joseph E. Ragen, Warden,
etc.;
No. 926. Henry Euler, petitioner, v. The People of the State of
Illinois; and
No. 931. George W. Pullett, petitioner, v. A. A. Bennett, Warden,
etc. On petitions for writs of certiorari to the Supreme Court of
Illinois. The motions for leave to proceed in forma pauperis are
granted. The petitions for writs of certiorari are denied.
No. 916. John H. Rooney, petitioner, v. Joseph E. Ragen, Warden,
etc. The motion for leave to proceed in forma pauperis is granted.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Illinois denied
for the reason that application therefor was not made within the time
provided by law. Sec. 8 (a), Act of February 13, 1925 (43 Stat. 936,
940), 28 U. S. C., sec. 350.
No. 66. The Wallace Corporation, petitioner, v. National Labor
Relations Board;
No. 433. Alice Howe, as Executrix, etc., petitioner, v. The United
States of America;
No. 753. Julius H. Miner, as Judge, etc., et al., petitioners, v. The
People of the State of Illinois, ex rel. Benefit Association of Railway
Employees, etc., et al.; and
No. 921. Albert R. House, petitioner, v. Nathan Mayo, State
Prison Custodian. The petitions for rehearing are denied.
-
No. Ex parte Louis Moskovitz, petitioner. The second peti-
tion for rehearing is denied.
No. 177. J. M. Ledbetter, Jr., Administrator c. t. a. etc., al., peti-
tioners, v. Farmers Bank & Trust Company et al.; and
No. 567. Alton Crapo, petitioner, v. James A. Johnston, Warden,
etc. The motions for leave to file second petitions for rehearing are
granted. The second petitions for rehearing are denied.
No. 410. Owen N. Price, Trustee, etc., et al., petitioners, v. James
G. Gurney, individually, etc., et al. It is ordered that the opinion of
the Court in this case be amended as follows:
1. There is substituted for the sentence on page 5 of the slip opinion,
which reads, "Congress has not given the bankruptcy court power over,

MONDAY, FEBRUARY 26, 1945
177
the affairs of a corporation prior to the approval of the petition," the
following:
"The jurisdiction which Congress has given the bankruptcy court
over the debtor and its property prior to the approval of the petition
(see sec. 111, sec. 112, and sec. 113) do not extend to this situation."
2. There is added at the end of the opinion the following:
"A different question is presented where stockholders appear in
opposition to a petition filed by the corporation. See sec. 206. Cf.
In re Beaver Cotton Mills, 275 Fed. 498; Whittaker v. Brictson Mfg.
Co., 43 F. 2d 485."
The petition for rehearing is denied.
No. 835. International Union, United Automobile, Aircraft and
Agricultural Implement Workers of America, Local No. 283
(C. I. O.), petitioner, v. Wisconsin Employment Relations Board et al.
On petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Wisconsin.
Dismissed on motion of counsel for the petitioner.
No. 510. Market Street Railway Company, appellant, v. Railroad
Commission of the State of California, et al.; and
No. 511. Market Street Railway Company, appellant, v. Railroad
Commission of the State of California et al. Argued by Mr. Francis
R. Kirkham for the appellant and by Mr. Everett C. McKeage for
the appellees.
No. 581. Commissioner of Internal Revenue, petitioner, v. Court
Holding Company. Argued by Mr. Assistant Attorney General
Samuel O. Clark, Jr., for the petitioner and by Mr. Maurice Kay for
the respondent.
No. 613. Inland Empire District Council, Lumber and Sawmill
Workers Union, Lewiston, Idaho, et al., petitioners, v. Harry A. Millis,
Individually, etc., et al. Argument commenced by Mr. George E.
Flood for the petitioner.
Adjourned until tomorrow at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Tuesday, February 27, will be as follows: Nos. 613,
110, 559, 680, 593, 431, 608, 570, 469, and 486.
✓

TUESDAY, FEBRUARY 27, 1945
178
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: The Chief Justice, Mr. Justice Roberts, Mr. Justice Black,
Mr. Justice Reed, Mr. Justice Frankfurter, Mr. Justice Douglas, Mr.
Justice Murphy, Mr. Justice Jackson, and Mr. Justice Rutledge.
Frank E. Coughlin, of South Bend, Ind.; Forrest P. Jones, of
Bloomington, Ind.; John M. Palmer, of Minneapolis, Minn.; Earl
Cline, of Lincoln, Nebr.; Floyd E. Nelson, of Minneapolis, Minn.;
Millard M. Mier, of Glendora, Calif.; Michael Kohn, of Los Angeles,
Calif.; William H. Wood, of Harrisburg, Pa.; Donald P. Moyers, of
Pittsburgh, Pa.; Morton Pepper, of New York City; Robert Bruce
Walkup, of San Francisco, Calif.; and James H. Adamson, of Terre
Haute, Ind., were admitted to practice.
No. 613. Inland Empire District Council, Lumber and Sawmill
Workers Union, Lewiston, Idaho, et al., petitioners, v. Harry A. Millis,
individually, etc., et al. Argument continued by Mr. George E.
Flood for the petitioners; by Mr. Alvin J. Rockwell for the respond-
ents; and concluded by Mr. George E. Flood for the petitioners.
No. 110. Chase Securities Corporation, now known as Amerex
Holding Corporation, appellant, v. Frank A. Donaldson et al., etc.
Argued by Mr. Henry Root Stern for the appellant and by Mr. Bene-
dict S. Deinard for the appellees.
Adjourned until tomorrow at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Wednesday, February 28, will be as follows: Nos.
559, 680, 593, 431, 608, 570, 469, 486, 610, and 6 original.
597362-45-65

WEDNESDAY, FEBRUARY 28, 1945
179
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: The Chief Justice, Mr. Justice Roberts, Mr. Justice Black,
Mr. Justice Reed, Mr. Justice Frankfurter, Mr. Justice Douglas, Mr.
Justice Murphy, Mr. Justice Jackson, and Mr. Justice Rutledge.
Paul Dwight Doolen, of Decatur, Ill.; Harold L. Allen, of New York
City; Benjamin M. Becker, of Chicago, Ill.; J. M. Combs, of Beau-
mont, Tex.; Alfred F. Burgess, of Greenville, S. C.; Thomas A.
Wofford, of Greenville, S. C.; William W. Robison of New York
City; and Breck P. McAllister, of New York City, were admitted to
practice.
No. 559. Federal Trade Commission, petitioner, v. A. E. Staley
Manufacturing Company et al. Argued by Mr. Walter B. Wooden
for the petitioner and by Mr. Carl R. Miller and Mr. William D.
Whitney for the respondents.
No. 680. Corn Products Refining Company et al., petitioners, v.
Federal Trade Commission. Argument commenced by Mr. Parker Mc-
Collester for the petitioners and continued by Mr. Solicitor General
Fahy for the respondent.
Adjourned until tomorrow at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Thursday, March 1, will be as follows: Nos. 680,
593, 431, 608, 570, 469, 486, 610, 6 original, and 666 (667, 668,
674, and 675).
☑
597362-45——66

THURSDAY, MARCH 1, 1945
180
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: The Chief Justice, Mr. Justice Roberts, Mr. Justice Black,
Mr. Justice Read, Mr. Justice Frankfurter, Mr. Justice Douglas, Mr.
Justice Murphy, Mr. Justice Jackson, and Mr. Justice Rutledge.
Frederick M. Kingsbury, of Suffield, Conn.; Edward T. Collins, of
Springfield, Mass.; Julius Bordon, of Los Angeles, Calif.; and Eldon
S. Olson, of Ames, Iowa, were admitted to practice.
No. 1000. Guy A. Thompson, Trustee, etc., et al., petitioners, v.
The Texas Mexican Railway Company. Time within which to serve
petition, brief, and record extended to and including March 31, next,
on motion of counsel for petitioners.
No. 680. Corn Products Refining Company et al., petitioners, v.
Federal Trade Commission. Argument continued by Mr. Solicitor
General Fahy for the respondent and concluded by Mr. Parker Mc-
Collister for the petitioners.
No. 593. Radio Station WOW, Inc., et al., petitioners, v. Homer
H. Johnson. Argued by Mr. James Lawrence Fly for the petitioners
and by Mr. Don W. Stewart for the respondent.
No. 431. The United States, petitioner, v. Joseph H. Beuttas et al.,
etc. Argued by Mr. Ralph F. Fuchs for the petitioner and by Mr.
P. J. J. Nicolaides for the respondents.
Adjourned until tomorrow at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Friday, March 2, will be as follows: Nos. 608, 570,
469, 486, 610, 6 original, 666 (667, 668, 674, and 675), 702, 721,
and 446.
✓
597362-45-67

FRIDAY, MARCH 2, 1945
181
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: The Chief Justice, Mr. Justice Roberts, Mr. Justice Black,
Mr. Justice Reed, Mr. Justice Frankfurter, Mr. Justice Douglas, Mr.
Justice Murphy, Mr. Justice Jackson, and Mr. Justice Rutledge.
Billye Norma Russell, of Houston, Tex.; Clyde Dart, of New York
City; William S. O'Connor, of Westport, Conn.; William R. High,
of Shawnee, Okla.; Harry E. Bryan, of Washington, D. C.; Austin
W. Scott, of Cambridge, Mass.; Walter Stein, of Philadelphia, Pa.;
Francis T. Anderson, of Philadelphia, Pa.; Curtis F. Prangley, of
Chicago, Ill.; Norman Snyder, of Chester, Pa.; Solomon S. Eisen, of
New York City; John J. Finn, of Boston, Mass.; and Richard Nich-
olas Ivins, of Athens, Tenn., were admitted to practice.
No. 608. A. H. Phillips, Inc., petitioner, v. L. Metcalfe Walling,
Administrator, etc. Argued by Mr. Joseph B. Ely for the petitioner
and by Miss Bessie Margolin for the respondent.
No. 570. Edward A. Hunt and Robert A. Hunt, copartners, etc.,
petitioners, v. Edward Crumboch, President, et al. Argued by Mr.
Peter P. Zion and Mr. Hirsch W. Stalberg for the petitioners and by
Mr. William A. Gray for the respondents. Leave granted respondents
to file a supplemental brief.
No. 469. Special Equipment Company, petitioner, v. Conway P.
Coe, Commissioner of Patents. Argument commenced by Mr. Clar-
ence J. Loftus for the petitioner and continued by Mr. Curtis P.
Prangley for the petitioner.
Adjourned until Monday, next, at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Monday, March 5, will be as follows: Nos. 469, 486,
6 original, 610, 666 (667, 668, 674, and 675), 702, 721, 446, 691,
and 710.
✓
597362-45-68

MONDAY, MARCH 5, 1945
182
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: The Chief Justice, Mr. Justice Roberts, Mr. Justice Black,
Mr. Justice Reed, Mr. Justice Frankfurter, Mr. Justice Douglas, Mr.
Justice Murphy, Mr. Justice Jackson, and Mr. Justice Rutledge.
J. C. Ermentrout, of Champaign, Ill.; Lake Jenkins Frazier, of
Roswell, N. Mex.; Adolph C. Hugin, of Schenectady, N. Y.; John R.
Franks, of Phoenix, Ariz.; John L. Riddell, of York, Nebr.; Hugh
King McKevitt, of San Francisco, Calif.; H. Lawrence Hinkley, of
Denver, Colo.; Jack Maxwell Howard, of San Francisco, Calif.;
Francis J. Vossahlik, of Boston, Mass.; and W. Crosby Roper, Jr., of
New York City, were admitted to practice.
No. 50. The Dow Chemical Company, petitioner, v. Halliburton
Oil Well Cementing Company; and
No. 61. Halliburton Oil Well Cementing Company, petitioner, v.
The Dow Chemical Company. On writs of certiorari to the United
States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Sixth Circuit. Judgment
affirmed with costs and cases remanded to the District Court of the
United States for the Eastern District of Michigan. Opinion by Mr.
Justice Murphy.
No. 629. Commissioner of Internal Revenue, petitioner, v. Wil-
liam H. Wemyss. On writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit
Court of Appeals for the Sixth Circuit. Judgment reversed and
cause remanded to the said Circuit Court of Appeals for further pro-
ceedings in conformity with the opinion of this Court. Opinion by
Mr. Justice Frankfurter. Dissenting: Mr. Justice Roberts.
No. 126. Charles E. Merrill, petitioner, v. John L. Fahs, United
States Collector of Internal Revenue for the District of Florida. On
writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for
the Fifth Circuit. Judgment affirmed with costs and cause remanded
to the District Court of the United States for the Southern District
of Florida. Opinion by Mr. Justice Frankfurter. Dissenting: Mr.
Justice Roberts. Dissenting opinion by Mr. Justice Reed in which
the Chief Justice and Mr. Justice Douglas join.
597362-45-69

MONDAY, MARCH 5, 1945
183
No. 520. Fred G. Drummond, petitioner, v. The United States of
America. On writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court
of Appeals for the Tenth Circuit. Judgment affirmed and cause re-
manded to the District Court of the United States for the Northern
District of Oklahoma. Opinion by Mr. Justice Frankfurter. Dis-
senting: Mr. Justice Jackson.
No. 514. Thomas Henry Robinson, Jr., petitioner, v. The United
States of America. On writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of Ap-
peals for the Sixth Circuit. Judgment affirmed and cause remanded
to the District Court of the United States for the Western District of
Kentucky. Opinion by Mr. Justice Black. Dissenting opinion by
Mr. Justice Rutledge in which Mr. Justice Murphy joins.
No. 523. The United States of America, petitioner, v. Frankfort
Distilleries, Inc.;
No. 524. The United States of America, petitioner, v. National
Distillers Products Corporation;
No. 525. The United States of America, petitioner, v. Brown For-
man Distillers Corporation;
No. 526. The United States of America, petitioner, v. Hiram
Walker, Incorporated;
No. 527. The United States of America, petitioner, v. Schenley
Distillers Corporation;
No. 528. The United States of America, petitioner, v. Seagram-
Distillers Corporation;
No. 529. The United States of America, petitioner, v. McKesson
& Robbins, Incorporated; and
No. 530. The United States of America, petitioner, v. J. E. Speegle.
On writs of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals
for the Tenth Circuit. Judgments of the Circuit Court of Appeals
reversed and judgments of the District Court affirmed and cases re-
manded to the District Court of the United States for the District of
Colorado. Opinion by Mr. Justice Black. The Chief Justice took
no part in the consideration or decision of these cases. Concurring
opinion by Mr. Justice Frankfurter in which Mr. Justice Roberts
joins.
The Chief Justice said:
"The orders of the Court appear upon the list certified by the Chief
Justice and filed with the Clerk and will not be announced orally."
No. William Watkins, petitioner, v. The United States. Peti-
tion denied.

MONDAY, MARCH 5, 1945
184
No. -. Ex parte Guss Brown, petitioner. The motion for leave to
file petition for writ of mandamus is denied.
No. -. Ex parte Robert Lee Wilhoit, petitioner. The motion for
leave to file petition for writ of habeas corpus is denied.
No. Dr. William Howard Hay Foundation, Inc., petitioner, v.
Safety Harbor Sanitorium, Inc. The motion of petitioner for leave
to proceed without counsel is granted.
No.
-
Xeno W. Putnam, appellant, v. Federal Land Bank of
Baltimore. The application for reconsideration of the denial of peti-
tion for appeal is denied.
No.. Ex parte Universal Oil Products Company, petitioner. The
motion for leave to file petition for writ of prohibition and mandamus
is denied without prejudice to the filing of an application for writ of
certiorari. Mr. Justice Roberts took no part in the consideration or
decision of this application.
No. 927. Asbury Hospital, appellant, v. Cass County, North Da-
kota et al. In this case probable jurisdiction is noted and the case is
transferred to the summary docket.
No. 953. John F. X. Finn, as Trustee of Childs Company, peti-
tioner, v. Burton C. Meighan, Jr., as substituted trustee, etc. Petition
for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of Appeals for the Second
Circuit granted and the case transferred to the summary docket.
Counsel are requested to discuss in their briefs and upon oral argu-
ment the question whether the construction of the contract is governed
by federal or state law.
No. 1016. United States Alkali Export Association, Inc., et al.,
petitioners, v. The United States of America; and
No. 1017. California Alkali Export Association, Inc., et al., peti-
tioners, v. The United States of America. The motions for leave to file
petitions for writs of certiorari under section 262 of the Judicial
Code are granted. The petitions for writs of certiorari to the District
Court of the United States for the Southern District of-New York are
granted and the cases are consolidated for argument. Counsel are
requested to discuss in their briefs and upon oral argument the question
whether the order of the District Court may appropriately be reviewed
at the present stage of the proceedings by a writ of certiorari under
section 262 of the Judicial Code.
No. 149. Caldwell Sugars, Inc., petitioner, v. Commissioner of In-
ternal Revenue. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court
of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 150. Slack Bros, Inc., petitioners, v. Commissioner of Internal
Revenue. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of Ap-
peals for the Fifth Circuit denied.

MONDAY, MARCH 5, 1945
185
No. 795. Globe Indemnity Company, petitioner, v. The United
States. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Claims denied.
No. 802. Estate of Isaac G. Johnson, petitioner, v. The United
States. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Claims denied.
No. 808. Ronald L. Tree and Nancy Perkins Field Tree, his wife,
petitioners, v. The United States. Petition for writ of certiorari to
the Court of Claims denied.
No. 864. F. F. Dollert et al., petitioners, v. Pratt-Hewit Oil Cor-
poration et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Civil
Appeals, 4th Judicial District, State of Texas, denied.
No. 880. Clinton Woodson, petitioner, v. The People of the State
of Michigan. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of
Michigan denied.
No. 886. J. D. Driscoll and W. D. Noland, Trustees, etc., peti-
tioners, v. The Howard-Vaughan Co., Inc., et al. Petition for writ
of certiorari to the Circuit Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit
denied.
No. 678. Harry Mahoney and Truman Mahoney, petitioners, v.
James A. Johnston, Warden, etc. On petition for writ of certiorari
to the Circuit Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit.
No. 690. Emary King, petitioner, v. The United States of Amer-
ica. On petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of Ap-
peals for the Eighth Circuit;
No. 749. Ross C. Holland, petitioner, v. People of the State of Illi-
nois. On petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of
Illinois;
No. 782. William H. Riccia, petitioner, v. E. J. Welch, Superin-
tendent, etc. On petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia;
No. 794. Rudolph Joseph Wrobel, Jr., petitioner, v. Dr. Winfred
Overholser, Superintendent, etc. On petition for writ of certiorari
to the United States Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia;
No. 801. Stephen T. Povich, petitioner, v. Joseph W. Sanford,
Warden, etc. On petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court
of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit;
No. 829. Gerald Churchill Mackreth, petitioner, v. R. P. Williams,
as Warden of Kilby Prison. On petition for writ of certiorari to the
Circuit Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit;
No. 960. George Roy Baker, petitioner, v. Joseph E. Ragen,
Warden, etc. On petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court
of Illinois. The motions for leave to proceed in forma pauperis are
granted. The petitions for writs of certiorari are denied.

MONDAY, MARCH 5, 1945
186
No. 334. William James Paddy, petitioner, v. The United States of
America. The motion for leave to proceed in forma pauperis is
granted. The petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of
Appeals for the Ninth Circuit is denied. Mr. Justice Murphy is of
opinion that the writ should be granted.
No. 662. H. E. Perry, petitioner, v. The United States of America.
The motion for leave to proceed in forma pauperis is granted. The
petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of Appeals for the
Eighth Circuit and motion for other relief are denied.
No. 816. Harry C. Kelly, petitioner, v. The United States of Amer-
ica. The motion for leave to proceed in forma pauperis is granted.
The petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of Appeals for
the Ninth Circuit is denied for the reason that application therefor
was not made within the time provided by law.
No. 936. Logan Morris, petitioner, v. Joseph E. Ragen, Warden,
etc.; and
No. 937. Peter Mancuso, petitioner, v. Joseph E. Ragen, Warden,
etc. The motions for leave to proceed in forma pauperis are granted.
The petitions for writs of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Illinois
are denied for the reason that applications therefor were not made
within the time provided by law. Sec. 8 (a), Act of February 13,
1925 (43 Stat. 936, 940), 28 U. S. C., sec. 350.
No. 797. Abe Chapman, petitioner, v. Walter A. Hunter, Warden,
etc. The motion for leave to proceed in forma pauperis is denied.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of Appeals for the
Tenth Circuit denied.
No. 2, October Term, 1941. Martin J. Bernards et al., petitioners,
v. M. R. Johnson et al. The motion to recall the mandate is denied.
No.. Daisy D. Wilson, petitioner, v. Ralph S. Hinman;
-
No. Robert Harry Wilson, petitioner, v. United States District
Court, Northern Texas;
No. 730. Thomas J. Molloy & Co., Inc., petitioner, v. Stewart
Berkshire, as Deputy Commissioner, etc., et al. The petitions for
rehearing are denied.
No. 81. Otis & Co., petitioner, v. Securities and Exchange Commis-
sion et al. Petition for rehearing denied. Mr. Justice Douglas took
no part in the consideration or decision of this application.
The Court will take a recess from Monday, March 12, until Monday,
March 26, next.
No. 456. The United States of America, petitioner, v. Two Acres
of Land, more or less, in Will County, State of Illinois et al. On writ

MONDAY, MARCH 5, 1945
187
of certiorari to the Circuit Court of Appeals for the Seventh Circuit.
Dismissed on motion of counsel for the petitioner.
No. 469. Special Equipment Company, petitioner, v. Conway P.
Coe, Commissioner of Patents. Argument continued by Mr. Assistant
Attorney General Shea for the respondent and concluded by Mr.
Curtis P. Prangley for the petitioner.
No. 486. The Hoover Company, petitioner, v. Conway P. Coe,
Commissioner of Patents. Argued by Mr. Richard R. Fitzsimmons
and Mr. William D. Sellers for the petitioner and by Mr. T. Hayward
Brown for the respondent.
No. 6, Original. The State of Nebraska, complainant, v. The State
of Wyoming et al. Eight hours allowed for oral argument. Argu-
ment on exceptions to the report of the special master commenced by
Mr. Paul F. Good for the complainant.
Adjourned until tomorrow at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Tuesday, March 6, will be as follows: Nos. 6 orig-
inal, 610, 666 (667, 668, 674, and 675), 702, 721, 446, 691, and
710.
☑

TUESDAY, MARCH 6, 1945
188
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: The Chief Justice, Mr. Justice Roberts, Mr. Justice
Black, Mr. Justice Reed, Mr. Justice Frankfurter, Mr. Justice
Douglas, Mr. Justice Murphy, Mr. Justice Jackson, and Mr. Justice
Rutledge.
Mortimer Viser, of Louisville, Ky.; Richard Allison Richardson,
of Kountze, Tex.; Homer Glen Preston, of Denver Colo.; Robert S.
Garson, of Cleveland, Ohio; Robert H. Sproul, of Belmont, Mass.;
Marcus Sidney Siegel, of Brooklyn, N. Y.; H. G. Reuschlein, of
Burlington, Wis.; William H. Barrick, of Rockford, Ill.; Robert O.
Muller, of New York City; W. L. Grubbs, of Louisville, Ky.; and
I. B. Padway, of San Francisco, Calif., were admitted to practice.
No. 6, original. The State of Nebraska, complainant, v. The State
of Wyoming et al. Argument on exceptions to the report of the
special master continued by Mr. Paul F. Good for the complainant;
by Mr. W. J. Wehrli for the defendant, State of Wyoming; by Mr.
Jean S. Breitenstein for the defendant, State of Colorado; and by
Mr. Frederic L. Kirgis for the intervenor, The United States of
America.
Adjourned until tomorrow at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Wednesday, March 7, will be as follows: Nos. 6,
original, 610, 666 (667, 668, 674, and 675), 702, 721, 446, and
691.
☑
597362-45-

WEDNESDAY, MARCH 7, 1945
189
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: The Chief Justice, Mr. Justice Roberts, Mr. Justice Black,
Mr. Justice Reed, Mr. Justice Frankfurter, Mr. Justice Douglas, Mr.
Justice Murphy, Mr. Justice Jackson, and Mr. Justice Rutledge.
J. L. Lee, of Jacksonville, Fla.; Lawrence K. Andrews, of Union
Springs, Ala.; Warren G. Reed, of Waban, Mass.; Barnet S. Blume,
of New York City; George Tilzer, of New York City; and Royal D.
Marks, of Phoeniz, Ariz., were admitted to practice.
No. 6, Original. The State of Nebraska, complainant, v. The State
of Wyoming et al. Argument on the exceptions to the report of the
special master continued by Mr. Frederic L. Kirgis for the intervenor,
The United States of America; by Mr. Paul F. Good, for the com-
plainant; by Mr. W. J. Wehrli for the defendant State of Wyoming;
by Mr. Jean S. Breitenstein for the defendant State of Colorado; and
concluded by Mr. Frederic L. Kirgis for the intervenor, The United
States of America.
No. 610. Angelus Milling Company, petitioner, v. Commissioner
of Internal Revenue. Argument commenced by Mr. Prew Savoy
for the petitioner and continued by Mr. J. Louis Monarch for the
respondent.
Adjourned until tomorrow at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Thursday, March 8, will be as follows: Nos. 610,
666 (667, 668, 674, and 675), 702, 721, and 446.
✗
597362-45-71

THURSDAY, MARCH 8, 1945
190
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: The Chief Justice. Mr. Justice Roberts, Mr. Justice Black,
Mr. Justice Reed, Mr. Justice Frankfurter, Mr. Justice Douglas, Mr.
Justice Murphy, Mr. Justice Jackson, and Mr. Justice Rutledge.
Leverett Saltonstall, of Boston, Mass.; John J. Bradley, of Los An-
geles, Calif.; Richard Swan Buell, of New York City; Curtis Basch,
of Daytona Beach, Fla.: Thomas A. Williams, of Richmond, Va.;
Leo Charles O'Connor, of Richmond, Va.; Clarence S. Eastham, of
Houston, Tex.; John W. Fussell, of Richmond, Va.; and George W.
K. Snyder, of Chicago, Ill., were admitted to practice.
No. 610. Angelus Milling Company, petitioner, v. Commissioner of
Internal Revenue. Argument continued by Mr. J. Louis Monarch for
the respondent and concluded by Mr. Prew Savoy for the petitioner.
No. 666. United Brotherhood of Carpenters and Joiners of Amer-
ica, petitioner, v. The United States of America;
No. 667. The Bay Counties District Council of Carpenters of the
United Brotherhood of Carpenters and Joiners of America et al., peti-
tioners, v. The United States of America;
No. 668. Lumber Products Association, Inc., et al., petitioners, v.
The United States of America;
No. 674. Alameda County Building and Construction Trades
Council, petitioner, v. The United States of America; and
No. 675. Boorman Lumber Company et al., petitioners, v. The
United States of America. Argued by Mr. Charles H. Tuttle for the
petitioner, United Brotherhood of Carpenters and Joiners of America
in Nos. 666 and 667 and by Mr. Assistant Attorney General Berge
and Mr. Holmes Baldridge for the respondent, and cases submitted
by Mr. Joseph O. Carson II, Mr. Harny W. Routzohn, Mr. Hugh K.
McKevitt, and Mr. Jack M. Howard for the petitioner, The Bay Coun-
ties District Council of Carpenters, etc., et al., in No. 667; by Mr.
Maurice E. Harrison for petitioners in No. 668; by Mr. Guy C. Calden
and Mr. Clarence E. Todd for petitioner in No. 674%; and by Mr.
Morgan J. Doyle for petitioners in No. 675.
597362-45-72

THURSDAY, MARCH 8, 194,
191
No. 702. Allen Bradley Company et al., petitioners, v. Local Union
No. 3, International Brotherhood of Electrical Workers, et al. Argu-
ment commenced by Mr. Walter Gordon Merritt for the petitioners
and continued by Mr. Harold Stern for the respondent.
Adjourned until tomorrow at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Friday, March 9, will be as follows: Nos. 702, 721,
and 446.

FRIDAY, MARCH 9, 1945
192
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: The Chief Justice, Mr. Justice Roberts, Mr. Justice Black,
Mr. Justice Reed, Mr. Justice Frankfurter, Mr. Justice Douglas, Mr.
Justice Murphy, Mr. Justice Jackson, and Mr. Justice Rutledge.
Clyde L. Waller, of Houston, Tex.; James W. Camp, of Sparta,
Tenn.; J. F. Flowers, of Charlotte, N. C.; Geo. F. Howard, of Houston,
Tex.;
Abner J. Grossman, of New York City; and Chas. A. Stewart, of
Fort Worth, Tex., were admitted to practice.
No. 941. National Aluminate Corporation, petitioner, v. The Per-
mutit Company et al. Time within which to file brief for respondent
Permutit Company extended to and including March 21, next, on
motion of counsel for respondent.
No. 702. Allen Bradley Company et al., petitioners, v. Local Union
No. 3, International Brotherhood of Electrical Workers et al. Argu-
ment continued by Mr. Harold Stern for the respondents and con-
cluded by Mr. Walter Gordon Merritt for the petitioners.
No. 721. Jewell Ridge Coal Corporation, petitioner, v. Local No.
6167, United Mine Workers of America, etc., et al. Argument com-
menced by Mr. George Richardson, Jr., for the petitioner; continued
by Mr. Crampton Harris for the respondents; and concluded by Mr.
William A. Stuart for the petitioner.
No. 446. Ambassador, Inc., et al., appellants, v. The United States
of America et al. Argument commenced by Mr. Parker McCollester
for the appellants.
Adjourned until Monday, next, at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Monday, March 12, will be as follows: No. 446.
☑
597362-45-73

MONDAY, MARCH 12, 1945
193
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: The Chief Justice, Mr. Justice Roberts, Mr. Justice Black,
Mr. Justice Reed, Mr. Justice Frankfurter, Mr. Justice Douglas, Mr.
Justice Murphy, Mr. Justice Jackson, and Mr. Justice Rutledge.
Edward L. Friedman, Jr., of New York City; Eugene Gressman, of
Washington, D. C.; Walter L. Considine, of New Bedford, Mass.;
Chester B. McLaughlin, of New York City; James Edward Harton,
of Los Angeles, Calif.; Harry S. Littman, of Akron, Ohio; Joe W.
Sheehy, of Tyler, Tex.; James L. Walter, of New York City; Paul Y.
Cunningham, of San Antonio, Tex.; and Richard J. Cronan, of New
York City, were admitted to practice.
No. 63. The Northwestern Bands of Shoshone Indians, petitioners,
v. The United States. On writ of certiorari to the Court of Claims.
Judgment affirmed. Opinion by Mr. Justice Reed. Mr. Justice
Roberts is of the view that the judgment should be reversed. Concur-
ring opinion by Mr. Justice Jackson in which Mr. Justice Black joins.
Dissenting opinion by Mr. Justice Douglas in which Mr. Justice
Frankfurter and Mr. Justice Murphy join. Dissenting opinion by
Mr. Justice Murphy in which Mr. Justice Frankfurter and Mr. Justice
Douglas concur.
No. 581. Commissioner of Internal Revenue, petitioner, v. Court
Holding Company. On writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit
Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit. Judgment of the Circuit
Court of Appeals reversed and judgment of the Tax Court affirmed
and cause remanded to the said Circuit Court of Appeals. Opinion
by Mr. Justice Black.
The Chief Justice announced the following orders of the Court:
No. 55. Pacific Gas and Electric Company, petitioner, v. Securities
and Exchange Commission. On writ of certiorari to the United
States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit. Per curiam:
The judgment is affirmed by an equally divided Court. Mr. Justice
Douglas took no part in the consideration or decision of this case.
No. 872. Ford Motor Company, appellant, v. Commonwealth of
Pennsylvania. Appeal from the Supreme Court of Pennsylvania,
Per curiam: The motion to dismiss is granted and the appeal is dis-
597362-45-
-74

MONDAY, MARCH 12, 1945
194
missed for want of a substantial federal question. (1) Flint v. Stone
Tracy Co., 220 U. S. 107, 165; Educational Films Corp'n v. Ward, 282
U. S. 379; Ford Motor Co. v. Beauchamp, 308 U. S. 331; Butler Bros. v.
McColgan, 315 U. S. 501; (2) Kansas City, Memphis & Birmingham
R. R. v. Stiles, 242 U. S. 111; Northwestern Mutual Life Ins. Co. v.
Wisconsin, 247 U. S. 132; (3) Phelps v. Board of Education, 300 U. S.
319, 322-3.
No. 873. The Quaker Oats Company, appellant, v. Commonwealth
of Pennsylvania. Appeal from the Supreme Court of Pennsylvania.
Per curiam: The motion to dismiss is granted and the appeal is dis-
missed for want of a substantial federal question. (1) Flint v. Stone
Tracy Co., 220 U. S. 107, 165; Educational Films Corp'n v. Ward, 282
U. S. 379; Ford Motor Co. v. Beauchamp, 308 U. S. 331; Butler Bros.
v. McColgan, 315 U. S. 501; (2) Kansas City, Memphis & Birmingham
R. R. v. Stiles, 242 U. S. 111; Northwestern Mutual Life Ins. Co. v.
Wisconsin, 247 U. S. 132; (3) Phelps v. Board of Education, 300 U. S.
319, 322-3; (4) Western Live Stock v. Bureau, 303 U. S. 250, 256, and
cases cited.
The Chief Justice said:
"The other orders of the Court appear upon the list certified by the
Chief Justice and filed with the Clerk and will not be announced
orally."
No. Andrew Scott, petitioner, v. Joseph E. Ragen, Warden, etc.
Petition for writ of certiorari denied.
No.. Ex parte Chesteen McConnell, petitioner. Application
denied.
No.. Antonio G. Catovolo, petitioner, v. Major General Louis
Hibbs, Commanding General of the 63d Infantry Division, U. S.
Army, etc. The motion for a stay of proceedings pending application
for and consideration of a petition for writ of certiorari is granted.
No. 691. Railway Mail Association, appellant, v. Edward S. Corsi,
as Industrial Commissioner of the State of New York, et al. The
motions of American Civil Liberties Union and National Association
for the Advancement of Colored People for leave to file briefs as amici
curiae are granted.
No. 911. United Federal Workers of America (C. I. O.) et al.,
appellants, v. Harry B. Mitchell et al. Further consideration of the
question of the jurisdiction of this Court in this case is postponed to
the hearing of the case on the merits.
No. 895. Heber Kimball Cleveland, petitioner, v. The United
States of America;
No. 896. Heber Kimball Cleveland, petitioner, v. The United
States of America;

MONDAY, MARCH 12, 1945
195
No. 897. Heber Kimball Cleveland, petitioner, v. The United
States of America;
No. 898. David Brigham Darger, petitioner, v. The United States
of America;
No. 899. Vergel Y. Jessop, petitioner, v. The United States of
America;
No. 900. Theral Ray Dockstader, petitioner, v. The United States
of America;
No. 901. L. R. Stubbs, petitioner, v. The United States of America ;
No. 902. Follis Gardner Petty, petitioner, v. The United States of
America;
No. 903. William Chatwin, petitioner, v. The United States of
America;
No. 904. Charles F. Zitting, petitioner, v. The United States of
America; and
No. 905. Edna Christensen, petitioner, v. The United States of
America. Petition for writs of certiorari to the Circuit Court of
Appeals for the Tenth Circuit granted.
No. 815. Securities and Exchange Commission, petitioner, v. Sam-
uel Okin. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of Ap-
peals for the Second Circuit granted. The case is transferred to the
summary docket and assigned for argument immediately following
No. 470.
No. 914. Chester Bowles, Administrator, Office of Price Admin-
istration, petitioner, v. Seminole Rock & Sand Company. Petition for
writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit
granted and case transferred to the summary docket.
No. 932. Trust u/w of Mary Lily (Flagler) Bingham, Messrs.
William R. Kenan, Jr., and Lawrence C. Haines, Trustees, petitioner,
v. Commissioner of Internal Revenue. Petition for writ of certiorari
to the Circuit Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit granted and
case transferred to the summary docket.
No. 857. United States Gypsum Company, petitioner, v. National
War Labor Board et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United
States Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia denied.
No. 874. C. K. Wall, petitioner, v. Mrs. Mattie Brim. Petition for
writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit
denied.
No. 875. John B. Des Rosiers, petitioner, v. Ford Motor Company.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of Appeals for the
First Circuit denied.
No. 907. Darragh A. Park, as Chairman, etc., petitioner, v. Group
of Institutional Investors and Mutual Savings Bank Group et al.

MONDAY, MARCH 12, 1945
196
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of Appeals for the
Seventh Circuit denied.
No. 912. Bulldog Electric Products Co., petitioner, v. Westing-
house Electric and Manufacturing Company. Petition for writ of
certiorari to the Circuit Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit
denied.
No. 917. The Ohio Public Service Company, petitioner, v. The Na-
tional Labor Relations Board. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
Circuit Court of Appeals for the Sixth Circuit denied.
No. 928. Hester Hines, Administratrix of the estate of Ivan Pearl
Hines, deceased, et al., petitioners, v. Louisville & Nashville Railroad
Company. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of
Appeals for the Fourth Circuit denied.
No. 933. National Memorial Park, Inc., petitioner, v. Commis-
sioner of Internal Revenue. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
Circuit Court of Appeals for the Fourth Circuit denied.
No. 949. The United States of America, petitioner, v. Montgomery
Ward & Company, Inc., et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
Circuit Court of Appeals for the Seventh Circuit denied for the rea-
son that application has been made prior to judgment of the Circuit
Court of Appeals.
No. 848. Oscar Holt and William R. Dahl, petitioner, v. Barnes-
ville Farmers Elevator Company. On petition for writ of certiorari
to the Circuit Court of Appeals for the Eighth Circuit;
No. 881. George Harris et al., petitioners, v. L. C. Hammond, op-
erating and doing business as L. C. Hammond & Company. On
petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of Appeals for the
Fifth Circuit;
No. 938. Howard Johnson, petitioner, v. Joseph E. Ragen, Warden,
etc. On petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of
Illinois; and
No. 939. Earl Evans, petitioner, v. Walter Nierstheimer, Warden,
etc. On petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of
Illinois. The motions for leave to proceed in forma pauperis are
granted. The petitions for writs of certiorari are denied.
No. 351. Carlota Benitez Sampayo, petitioner, v. The United
States of America et al.;
No. 352. Carlota Benitez Sampayo, petitioner, v. The Bank of
Nova Scotia; and
No. 353. Carlota Benitez Sampayo, petitioner, v. The Bank of
Nova Scotia et al. In Nos. 351 and 352 the motions for leave to
proceed in forma pauperis are granted. In No. 353 the motion for
leave to proceed on the typewritten record is granted. The motion to

MONDAY, MARCH 12, 1945
197
consolidate the cases is granted. The petitions for writs of certiorari,
to the Circuit Court of Appeals for the First Circuit are denied. The
Chief Justice took no part in the consideration or decision of these
applications.
No. 115. State Farm Mutual Automobile Insurance Company, an
Illinois Corporation, appellant, v. Morvin Duel, Commissioner of
Insurance of the State of Wisconsin;
No. 738. Minnesota Mining & Manufacturing Company, petitioner,
v. Conway P. Coe, Commissioner of Patents; and
No. 850. Jack Cole Company, Inc., appellant, v. The United States
of America et al. The petitions for rehearing are denied.
No. 1112, October Term, 1941. H. Dulaney Mitchell, petitioner, v.
The United States of America. The petition for rehearing is denied
for the reason that it was not filed within the time provided by the
rules.
No. Ex parte Universal Oil Products Company, petitioner. The
petition for rehearing is denied. Mr. Justice Roberts took no part in
the consideration or decision of this application.
No. 879. Elbert J. Burns, alias E. J. Burns, petitioner, v. The State
of Alabama. The petition for rehearing is denied. Mr. Justice Black
took no part in the consideration or decision of this application.
No. 446. Ambassador, Inc., et al., appellants, v. The United States
of America et al. Argument continued by Mr. Parker McCollester for
the appellants; by Mr. Solicitor General Fahy for appellee The United
States; by Mr. T. Brooke Price for appellee American Telephone and
Telegraph Co. et al.; and concluded by Mr. Parker McCollester for the
appellants.
Adjourned until Monday, March 26, next, at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Monday, March 26, will be as follows: Nos. 56, 448
(and 499), 507 (and 508), 558, 710, 212 (and 259), 630, 788, 691,
and 588.
✗

MONDAY, MARCH 26, 1945
198
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: The Chief Justice, Mr. Justice Roberts, Mr. Justice Black,
Mr. Justice Reed, Mr. Justice Frankfurter, Mr. Justice Douglas, Mr.
Justice Murphy, Mr. Justice Jackson, and Mr. Justice Rutledge.
Francis J. McGreal, of Chicago, Ill.; Donald H. Latshaw, of Kan-
sas City, Mo.; James Lee McDowell, of Chicago, Ill.; Harold H.
Warner, of Lansing, Mich.; William Robert Koerner, of St. Paul,
Minn.; Denis M. Hurley, of Brooklyn, N. Y.; Henry Hofheimer, Jr.,
of New York City; Louis W. Goodkind, of New York City; Thomas
Reed Powell, of Cambridge, Mass.; Victor C. Anderson, of East
Lansing, Mich.; Wm. R. Phillips, of Huntington Park, Calif.;
Burton A. Tibbits, of St. Louis, Mo.; Ferdinand Born, of Indianap-
olis, Ind.; Gregory M. Rebman, of St. Louis, Mo.; William P. Cairo,
of Philadelphia, Pa.; Stanley H. Kamerow, of Washington, D. C.;
Herbert F. Sacks, of Washington, D. C.; Harry E. Yockey, of Indian-
apolis, Ind.; Fred I. King, of Indianapolis. Ind.; and Rudolph Bum-
gardner, Jr., of Staunton, Va., were admitted to practice.
The Chief Justice said:
"With profound regret, I announce the death, on March 22, 1945,
at San Diego, Calif., of John Hessin Clarke, of Ohio, a former Asso-
ciate Justice of this Court.
66
"Appointed by President Wilson, he took his seat October 9, 1916,
and resigned his office September 18, 1922."
No. 312. The United States, petitioner, v. Willow River Power
Company. On writ of certiorari to the Court of Claims. Judgment
reversed and cause remanded for further proceedings in conformity
with the opinion of this Court. Opinion by Mr. Justice Jackson.
Mr. Justice Reed concurs in the result on the ground that the United
States has not taken property of the respondent. Dissenting opinion
by Mr. Justice Roberts in which the Chief Justice concurs.
No. 189. The Connecticut Light and Power Company, petitioner,
v. Federal Power Commission. On writ of certiorari to the United
States Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia. Judgment
reversed and cause remanded to the Court of Appeals with in-
structions to remand to the Federal Power Commission for further
proceedings consistent with the opinion of this Court. Opinion by
Mr. Justice Jackson. Mr. Justice Rutledge concurs in the result. Dis-
597362-45-75

MONDAY, MARCH 26, 1945
199
senting opinion by Mr. Justice Murphy in which Mr. Justice Black
and Mr. Justice Reed join.
No. 354. Commissioner of Internal Revenue, petitioner, v. Elliott
H. Wheeler and Rollo C. Wheeler, Executors of the Estate of John H.
Wheeler, Deceased, et al. On writ of certiorari to the United States
Circuit Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit. Judgment of the
Circuit Court of Appeals reversed and that of the Tax Court affirmed.
Opinion by Mr. Justice Jackson. Dissenting: Mr. Justice Roberts.
No. 510. Market Street Railway Company, appellant, v. Railroad
Commission of the State of California, Franck R. Havenner, et al.,
etc.; and
No. 511. Market Street Railway Company, appellant, v. Railroad
Commission of the State of California, Franck R. Havenner, et al.,
etc. Appeals from the Supreme Court of the State of California.
Appeal in No. 511 dismissed with costs. Judgment in No. 510 affirmed
with costs. Opinion by Mr. Justice Jackson.
No. 608. A. H. Phillips, Inc., petitioner, v. L. Metcalfe Walling,
Administrator of the Wage and Hour Division, Department of Labor.
On writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals
for the First Circuit. Judgment affirmed and cause remanded to the
District Court of the United States for the District of Massachusetts.
Opinion by Mr. Justice Murphy. The Chief Justice, Mr. Justice
Frankfurter, and Mr. Justice Jackson concur in the result. Dissent-
ing: Mr. Justice Roberts.
No. 367. Morris Malinski and Sidney Rudish, petitioners, v. The
People of the State of New York. On writ of certiorari to the Court
of Appeals of the State of New York. Judgment against Rudish
affirmed and judgment against Malinski reversed and cause remanded
to the Court of Appeals for proceedings not inconsistent with the
opinion of this Court. Opinion by Mr. Justice Douglas. Separate
opinion by Mr. Justice Frankfurter. Opinion by Mr. Justice Rutledge
dissenting in part in which Mr. Justice Murphy joins. Opinion by
Mr. Justice Murphy dissenting in part. Dissenting opinion by Mr.
Chief Justice Stone in which Mr. Justice Roberts, Mr. Justice Reed,
and Mr. Justice Jackson join.
No. 11, original. The State of Georgia, complainant, v. The Penn-
sylvania Railroad Company, et al. On motion for leave to file amended
bill of complaint. Motion for leave to file the amended bill of com-
plaint granted. Opinion by Mr. Justice Douglas. Dissenting opinion
by Mr. Chief Justice Stone in which Mr. Justice Roberts, Mr. Justice
Frankfurter, and Mr. Justice Jackson join.
No. 534. Estate of Henry W. Putnam, Guaranty Trust Company
of New York, Executor, petitioner, v. Commissioner of Internal Reve-

MONDAY, MARCH 26, 1945
200
nue. On writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of Ap-
peals for the Second Circuit. Judgment reversed and cause remanded
to the Circuit Court of Appeals for further proceedings in conformity
with the opinion of this Court. Opinion by Mr. Justice Reed.
No. 495. The United States of America, petitioner, v. Commodore
Park, Incorporated. On writ of certiorari to the United States Cir-
cuit Court of Appeals for the Fourth Circuit. Judgment reversed and
cause remanded to the District Court of the United States for the
Eastern District of Virginia for further proceedings in conformity
with the opinion of this Court. Opinion by Mr. Justice Black.
Dissenting: Mr. Justice Roberts.
No. 469. Special Equipment Company, petitioner, v. Conway P.
Coe, Commissioner of Patents. On writ of certiorari to the United
States Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia. Judgment
reversed and cause remanded to the Court of Appeals for further pro-
ceedings in conformity with the opinion of this Court. Opinion by
Mr. Chief Justice Stone. Dissenting opinion by Mr. Justice Douglas
in which Mr. Justice Black and Mr. Justice Murphy concur. Dissent-
ing opinion by Mr. Justice Rutledge.
The Chief Justice announced the following order of the Court:
No. 982. State of Wisconsin, ex rel. Arthur A. Bartelt, etc., v.
Stormy S. Thompson, August B. Priegel, Alex C. Ruffing. Appeal
from the Supreme Court of Wisconsin. Per curiam: The appeal
is dismissed for want of a substantial federal question. Phelps v.
Board of Education of West New York, 300 U. S. 319, 322-323; Dodge
v. Board of Education of Chicago, 302 U. S. 74, 79.
The Chief Justice said:
"The other orders of the Court appear upon the list certified by the
Chief Justice and filed with the Clerk and will not be announced
orally."
No.. Ex parte Joseph Richetsky, petitioner;
No. Ex parte Howard Van Orden, petitioner; and
-
No. Paul Davis, petitioner, v. James A. Johnston, Warden.
The motions for leave to file petitions for writs of habeas corpus are
denied.
No.. Ex parte Dorsey W. McMahan, petitioner. The motion for
leave to file petition for writ of mandamus is denied.
No.. Harry Duncombe, petitioner, v. Joseph Martinson et al.
Application denied.
No. 749. Ross C. Holland, petitioner, v. People of the State of
Illinois. The motion of petitioner, dated March 10, is denied.

MONDAY, MARCH 26, 1945
201
No. 979. Defense Plant Corporation, appellant, v. County of
Beaver, Pennsylvania. In this case probable jurisdiction is noted.
No. 853. L. C. Akins, petitioner, v. The State of Texas. Petition
for writ of certiorari to the Court of Criminal Appeals of the State
of Texas granted.
No. 837. The American Tobacco Company et al., petitioners, v.
The United States of America;
No. 838. Liggett & Myers Tobacco Company et al., petitioners, v.
The United States of America; and
No. 840. R. J. Reynolds Tobacco Company et al., petitioners, v.
The United States of America. Petitions for writs of certiorari to
the Circuit Court of Appeals for the Sixth Circuit granted limited
to the question whether actual exclusion of competitors is necessary
to the crime of monoplization under Section 2 of the Sherman Act.
The Chief Justice, Mr. Justice Reed, and Mr. Justice Jackson took no
part in the consideration or decision of these applications.
No. 1059. Securities and Exchange Commission, petitioner, v.
Long Island Lighting Company. Petition for writ of certiorari to
the Circuit Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit granted. The
application for a stay is also granted and the case is assigned for ar-
gument during the session of the Court convening April 23rd next.
No. 614. Meurer Steel Barrel Company, Inc., petitioner, v. Com-
missioner of Internal Revenue. Petition for writ of certiorari to
the Circuit Court of Appeals for the Third Circuit denied.
No. 828. Daniel O. Hastings, as special trustee of Standard Gas
and Electric Company, debtor, petitioner, v. Haystone Securities
Corporation et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of
Appeals of New York denied.
No. 870. The Acme Poultry Corporation, petitioner, v. The United
States of America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit
Court of Appeals for the Fourth Circuit denied.
No. 940. The City of Orangeburg, petitioner, v. The Southern Rail-
way Company. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court
of Appeals for the Fourth Circuit denied.
No. 947. Igal Roodenko, petitioner, v. The United States of Amer-
ica. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of Appeals
for the Tenth Circuit denied.
No. 970. Condenser Corporation of America, petitioner, v. Mica-
mold Radio Corporation. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Cir-
cuit Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit denied.
No. 885. A. M. Anderson, Receiver of the National Bank of Ken-
tucky of Louisville, petitioner, v. R. C. Tway. Petition for writ of

MONDAY, MARCH 26, 1945
202
certiorari to the Circuit Court of Appeals for the Sixth Circuit
denied.
No. 930. Paul Franz Frederick, petitioner, v. The United States
of America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of
Appeals for the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 943. John Willard Thompson and Angy Thomas Casten, peti-
tioners, v. The United States of America. Petition for writ of cer-
tiorari to the Circuit Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 944. Leslie Ben Drake et al., petitioners, v. The United States
of America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of
Appeals for the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 945. James Negro, petitioner, v. Boston and Maine Railroad.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of New York
denied.
No. 957. J. M. Proctor, Jr., and Almond James Jones, petitioners,
v. The United States of America. Petition for writ of certiorari to
the Circuit Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 965. H. L. Mosher, petitioner, v. W. R. Wayland, Fred G.
Holmes, and Del E. Webb. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Su-
preme Court of Arizona denied.
No. 968. William C. Hay, petitioner, v. Commissioner of Internal
Revenue. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of Ap-
peals for the Fourth Circuit denied.
No. 934. William A. Doss, petitioner, v. E. E. Lindsley, Sheriff of
Piatt County, Illinois. The motion to defer consideration is denied.
The petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of Appeals
for the Seventh Circuit is also denied.
No. 906. Custer M. Coyle, petitioner, v. The People of the State of
California and Robert A. Heinze et al. On petition for writ of cer-
tiorari to the Supreme Court of California;
No. 962. Edward W. Westrup, petitioner, v. Joseph E. Ragen,
Warden, etc.;
No. 1015. Leroy Baker, petitioner, v. Joseph E. Ragen, Warden,
etc.; and
No. 1018. Charles Bloomenthal, petitioner, v. Joseph E. Ragen,
Warden, etc. On petitions for writs of certiorari to the Supreme
Court of Illinois. The motions for leave to proceed in forma pauperis
are granted. The petitions for writs of certiorari are denied.
No. 961. General George Watkins, petitioner, v. Joseph E. Ragen,
Warden, etc. The motion for leave to proceed in forma pauperis
is granted. The petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court
of Illinois is denied for the reason that application therefor was not

MONDAY, MARCH 26, 1945
203
made within the time provided by law. Sec. 8 (a), Act of February
15, 1925 (43 Stat. 936, 940), 28 U. S. C., sec. 350.
No.. Frank B. Kuczynski, petitioner, v. Hon. Patrick H. O'Brien,
Judge;
No. 126. Charles E. Merrill, petitioner, v. John L. Fahs, United
States Collector of Internal Revenue, etc.;
No. 400. Charleston Federal Savings & Loan Association et al.,
petitioners, v. George P. Alderson, State Tax Commissioner of West
Virginia;
No. 816. Harry C. Kelly, petitioner, v. The United States of
America;
No. 912. Bulldog Electric Products Co., petitioner, v. Westing-
house Electric and Manufacturing Company;
No. 937. Peter Mancuso, petitioner, v. Joseph E. Ragen, Warden,
etc.; and
No. 949. The United States of America, petitioner, v. Montgomery
Ward & Company, Inc., et al. The petitions for rehearing are denied.
No. 506. John Mosher, petitioner, v. Walter A. Hunter, Warden,
etc. The petition for rehearing is denied. The motion for other relief
is also denied.
No. 56. Southern Pacific Company, appellant, v. State of Arizona
ex rel. Joe Conway, Attorney General, etc. Three and one-half hours
allowed for oral argument. Argument commenced by Mr. Burton
Mason for the appellant and continued by Mr. J. Carter Fort for the
appellant.
Adjourned until tomorrow at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Tuesday, March 27, will be as follows: Nos. 56,
448 (and 449), 507 (and 508), 558, 710, 212 (and 259), 630, 788,
691, and 588.

TUESDAY, MARCH 27, 1945
204
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: The Chief Justice, Mr. Justice Roberts, Mr. Justice Black,
Mr. Justice Reed, Mr. Justice Frankfurter, Mr. Justice Douglas, Mr.
Justice Murphy, Mr. Justice Jackson, and Mr. Justice Rutledge.
Leslie L. Anderson, of Minneapolis, Minn.; Handley Carlisle Har-
rison, of La Grange, Ga.; Howard H. Starrett, of Buffalo, N. Y.; and
Milton Greenfield, Jr., of St. Louis, Mo., were admitted to practice.
No. 56. Southern Pacific Company, appellant, v. State of Arizona,
ex rel. Joe Conway, Attorney General of the State of Arizona. John
L. Sullivan, present Attorney General of Arizona, substituted in the
place and stead of Joe Conway, formerly Attorney General of Arizona,
as the party appellee on motion of Mr. Harold N. McLaughlin.
No. 56. Southern Pacific Company, appellant, v. State of Arizona,
ex rel. John L. Sullivan, Attorney General of the State of Arizona.
Argument continued by Mr. Robert L. Stern for the United States,
as amicus curiae, by special leave of Court; by Mr. Harold N. Mc-
Laughlin and by Mr. Harold C. Heiss for the appellee; and concluded
by Mr. J. Carter Fort for the appellant.
No. 448. The United States of America et al., appellants, v. Han-
cock Truck Lines, Inc.; and
No. 449. Regular Common Carriers Conference of the American
Trucking Associations, Inc., appellants, v. Hancock Truck Lines, Inc.
Argued by Mr. Edward Dumbauld for the appellants in No. 448; by
Mr. B. W. LaTourette for the apppellant in No. 449; by Mr. Albert
Ward and Mr. Ferdinand Born for the appellee.
Adjourned until tomorrow at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Wednesday, March 28, will be as follows: Nos. 507
(and 508), 558, 710, 212 (and 259), 630, 788, 691, 588, 855,
and 811.
☑
597362-45-76

WEDNESDAY, MARCH 28, 1945
205
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: The Chief Justice, Mr. Justice Roberts, Mr. Justice Black,
Mr. Justice Reed, Mr. Justice Frankfurter, Mr. Justice Douglas, Mr.
Justice Murphy, Mr. Justice Jackson, and Mr. Justice Rutledge.
Frazer Frost Hilder, of Washington, D. C.; Peter Frost Hilder, of
Washington, D. C.; Joseph J. Burris, of Los Angeles, Calif.; William
G. Katz, of Chicago, Ill.; Harold D. Brown, of Anna, Ill.; and Stephen
B. Walack, of South River, N. J., were admitted to practice.
No. 507. Interstate Commerce Commission, The Willett Company
of Indiana, Inc., et al., appellants, v. Harry A. Parker, Doing business
as Parker Motor Freight, et al.; and
No. 508. The United States of America, appellant, v. Harry A.
Parker, Doing business as Parker Motor Freight, et al. Argued by
Mr. Daniel H. Kunkel for the appellant, Interstate Commerce Com-
mission; by Mr. John Dickinson for the appellants, The Willett Com-
pany of Indiana, Inc., and the Pennsylvania Railroad Company; by
Mr. Kit F. Clardy for the appellees, Harry A. Parker, etc., et al., and
Mr. Fred I. King for the appellee, Norwalk Truck Line Co.
No. 558. American Trucking Association, Inc., Southern Motor
Carriers' Rate Conference, et al., appellants, v. The United States of
America et al. Argument commenced by Mr. J. Ninian Beall for the
appellants; continued by Mr. Daniel H. Kunkel for the appellee, In-
terstate Commerce Commission; by Mr. Charles T. Abeles for the
appellees, Receivers of the Seaboard Air Line Railway Co.
Adjourned until tomorrow at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Thursday, March 29, will be as follows: Nos. 558,
710, 212 (and 259), 630, 788, 691, 588, 855, 811, and 656.
✓
597362-45-77

THURSDAY, MARCH 29, 1945
206
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: The Chief Justice, Mr. Justice Roberts, Mr. Justice Black,
Mr. Justice Reed, Mr. Justice Frankfurter, Mr. Justice Douglas, Mr.
Justice Murphy, Mr. Justice Jackson, and Mr. Justice Rutledge.
Daniel H. Moses, of Suffern, N. Y.; Irving Shutts, of Joliet, Ill.;
Virginia Wanless Barber, of Springfield, Ill.; William H. Chadwick,
of Herndon, Va.; Eli T. Conner, of Fort Jervis, N. Y.; and Oscar
Lindstrand, of Chicago, Ill., were admitted to practice.
No. 934. William A. Doss, petitioner, v. E. E. Lindsley, Sheriff of
Piatt County, Illinois. The motion of the petitioner to postpone is-
suance of order denying petition for certiorari pending filing and
action on petition for rehearing is denied.
No. 558. American Trucking Association, Inc., Southern Motor
Carriers' Rate Conference, et al., appellants, v. The United States of
America et al. Argument concluded by Mr. Charles T. Abeles for
the appellees, receivers of the Seaboard Air Line Railway Company.
No. 710. Commissioner of Internal Revenue, petitioner, v. Estate
of Edward T. Bedford, Title Guarantee and Trust Company, execu-
tor. Argued by Miss Helen R. Carloss for the petitioner and by
Mr. Erwin N. Griswold for the respondent.
No. 212. Dewey White, petitioner, v. Joseph E. Ragen, Warden,
Illinois State Penitentiary, and
No. 259. Louis Lutz, petitioner, v. Joseph E. Ragen, Warden, Illi-
nois State Pentitentiary. Argument commenced by Mr. Wilbur G.
Katz for the petitioners and continued by Mr. William C. Wines for
the respondent.
Adjourned until Monday, next, at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Monday, April 2, will be as follows: Nos. 212 (and
259), 630, 788, 691, 588, 855, 811, 656, 684, and 688.
Х
597362-45-78

MONDAY, APRIL 2, 1945
207
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: The Chief Justice, Mr. Justice Roberts, Mr. Justice Black,
Mr. Justice Reed, Mr. Justice Frankfurter, Mr. Justice Douglas, Mr.
Justice Murphy, Mr. Justice Jackson, and Mr. Justice Rutledge.
Jess G. Schiffman, of Baltimore, Md.; Paul F. Nachtman, of
Kansas City, Mo.; Homer E. Stephenson, of Orange, Tex.; James
N. Neff, of Orange, Tex.; Oris L. Barney, of Anadarko, Okla.;
Henry Rankin Barber, of Springfield, Ill.; Joseph Mordecai Kittner,
of Weldon, N. C.; George L. Frank, of Greenbelt, Md.; John E.
Adams, of Grove Hill, Ala.; Howard S. Bailey, of Tallahassee, Fla.;
Alexander Boskoff, of New York City; and Leroy Perry Bishop, of
Paola, Kans., were admitted to practice.
No. 379. Colorado Interstate Gas Company, petitioner, v. Federal
Power Commission, City and County of Denver, Colorado, Public
Service Commission of Wyoming, et al.; and
No. 380. Canadian River Gas Company, petitioner, v. Federal
Power Commission, City and County of Denver, Colorado, Public
Service Commission of Wyoming, et al. On writs of certiorari to the
United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Tenth Circuit. Judg-
ments affirmed. Opinion by Mr. Justice Douglas. Mr. Justice Roberts
and Mr. Justice Reed dissent from so much of the opinion as approves
the allocation by the Commission of investments and expenses to the
nonregulable transmission properties. Concurring opinion by Mr.
Justice Jackson. Dissenting opinion in No. 380 by Mr. Chief Justice
Stone in which Mr. Justice Roberts, Mr. Justice Reed, and Mr. Jus-
tice Frankfurter join.
No. 575. Colorado-Wyoming Gas Company, petitioners, v. Federal
Power Commission, Colorado Interstate Gas Company, et al. On
writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for
the Tenth Circuit. Judgment affirmed in part and reversed in part
and cause remanded to the Circuit Court of Appeals with instruc-
tions to remand the cause to the Federal Power Commission for
further proceedings in conformity with the opinion of this Court.
Opinion by Mr. Justice Douglas.
Dissenting in part: The Chief Justice, Mr. Justice Roberts, Mr.
Justice Reed, and Mr. Justice Frankfurter.
597362-45-79

MONDAY, APRIL 2, 1945
208
No. 296. Panhandle Eastern Pipe Line Company, Illinois Natural
Gas Company and Michigan Gas Transmission Corporation, peti-
tioners, v. Federal Power Commission, City of Detroit, et al. On writ
of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the
Eighth Circuit. Judgment affirmed. Opinion by Mr. Justice Douglas.
Concurring opinion by Mr. Chief Justice Stone in which Mr. Justice
Roberts, Mr. Justice Reed, and Mr. Justice Frankfurter join.
No. 2. Hartford-Empire Co., F. Goodwin Smith, et al., Appellants,
v. The United States of America;
No. 3. Corning Glass Works et al., Appellants, v. The United States
of America;
No. 4. Owens-Illinois Glass Company et al., Appellants, v. The
United States of America;
No. 5. Hazel-Atlas Glass Company et al., Appellants, v. The United
States of America;
No. 6. Thatcher Manufacturing Company et al., Appellants, v. The
United States of America; and
No. 7. Lynch Corporation et al., Appellants, v. The United States
of America. Appeals from the District Court of the United States for
the Northern District of Ohio. Opinion of this Court modified as indi-
cated in the opinion announced today. Petition for clarification or
reconsideration in other respects is denied. Opinion by Mr. Justice
Roberts. Mr. Justice Douglas, Mr. Justice Murphy, and Mr. Justice
Jackson took no part in the consideration or decision of these cases.
Dissenting opinion by Mr. Justice Rutledge in which Mr. Justice
Black joins.
The Chief Justice announced the following orders of the Court:
No. 976. Johnny J. Jones, appellant, v. M. Gary Whittle, as Sheriff
of Richmond County, Georgia. Appeal from the Supreme Court
of Georgia. Per curiam: The motion to dismiss is granted and the
appeal is dismissed for the reason that the judgment of the Court
below is based upon a non-federal ground adequate to support it.
No. 1037. Albert Edmund Barlow et al., appellants, v. The State
of Utah. Appeal from the Supreme Court of Utah. Per curiam: The
motion to dismiss is granted and the appeal is dismissed for want of
a substantial federal question. Davis v. Beason, 133 U. S. 333;
Reynolds v. United States, 98 U. S. 145.
The Chief Justice said:
"The other orders of the Court appear upon the list certified by the
Chief Justice and filed with the Clerk and will not be announced
orally."
-
No. Leonard C. Stockton v. State of Texas. The motion for
leave to file petition for writ of habeas corpus is denied.

MONDAY, APRIL 2, 1945
209
No. 10, Original. The United States of America, Complainant, v.
The State of Wyoming and The Ohio Oil Company. The reply to
the Answer and Counterclaim is received and ordered to be filed.
No. 811. Leo H. Hill et al., petitioners, v. State of Florida, ex rel.
J. Tom Watson, Attorney General. The motions of American Civil
Liberties Union and Workers Defense League for leave to file briefs
as amici curiae are granted.
No. 1026. The United States of America, appellant, v. American
Union Transport, Inc., et al. In this case probable jurisdiction is
noted and the case transferred to the summary docket.
No. 996. Chester G. Bollenbach, petitioner, v. The United States of
America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of
Appeals for the Second Circuit granted.
No. 955. L. Metcalfe Walling, Administrator of the Wage and
Hour Division, etc., petitioner, v. Youngerman-Reynolds Hardwood
Company, Inc. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court
of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit granted and case transferred to the
summary docket.
No. 956. L. Metcalfe Walling, Administrator of the Wage and
Hour Division, etc., petitioner, v. Harnischfeger Corporation. Peti-
tion for a writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of Appeals for the
Seventh Circuit granted and case transferred to the summary docket.
No. 964. In the Matter of Robert D. Michael, petitioner. Petition
for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of Appeals for the Third
Circuit granted and case transferred to the summary docket.
No. 845. Houston White, petitioner, v. State of Georgia. Petition
for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals of Georgia denied.
No. 876. Lucille Richardson, petitioner, v. Joseph H. Richardson
et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Michi-
gan denied.
No. 941. National Aluminate Corporation, petitioner, v. The Per-
mutit Company et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit
Court of Appeals for the Eighth Circuit denied.
No. 950. Superior Coal Company, petitioner, v. Commissioner of
Internal Revenue. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court
of Appeals for the Seventh Circuit denied.
No. 954. A.-S. Genecov et al., petitioners, v. The Federal Petroleum
Board. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of Appeals
for the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 959. The Franklin Life Insurance Company, petitioner, v.
Maude M. Heitchew. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit
Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit denied.

MONDAY, APRIL 2, 1945
210
No. 972. Pfeiffer Brewing Company, petitioner, v. Chester Bowles,
Price Administrator. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United
States Emergency Court of Appeals denied.
No. 973. Max E. Friedmann, petitioner, v. Commissioner of Inter-
nal Revenue. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of
Appeals for the Seventh Circuit denied.
No. 974. Elizabeth Chalk Adams, petitioner, v. City Bank Farmers
Trust Company et al., Petition for writ of certiorari to the Surrogate's
Court of New York County, New York, denied.
No. 975. Merrell P. Calloway, as Trustee, etc., petitioner, v. Ellis
C. Hart. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of Ap-
peals for the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 995. Simon Metrik, petitioner, v. Fort Tryon Gardens, Inc.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court, Appellate Term,
First Department of the State of New York, denied.
No. 998. Estate of B. H. Kroger, Deceased, et al., petitioners, v.
Commissioner of Internal Revenue. Petition for writ of certiorari
to the Circuit Court of Appeals for the Sixth Circuit denied.
No. 1001. President and Directors of Manhattan Company, peti-
tioner, v. Charles H. Kelby, et al.; and
No. 1002. President and Directors of Manhattan Company, peti-
tioner, v. Charles H. Kelby, et al. Petition for writs of certiorari to
the Circuit Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit denied.
No. 1004. Franklin Peanut Company, petitioner, v. Commissioner
of Internal Revenue. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit
Court of Appeals for the Fourth Circuit denied.
No. 1008. T. Frank Dolan, Jr., et al., petitioners, v., Robert P.
Meyer et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of
Appeals for the Second Circuit denied.
No. 929. Pauline E. Barry, Administratrix, etc., petitioner, v.
Reading Company. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit
Court of Appeals for the Third Circuit denied.
No. 935. Louis Compagna et al., petitioners, v. The United States.
of America;
No. 942. Francis Maritote, petitioner, v. The United States of
America; and
No. 946. Louis Kaufman, petitioner, v. The United States of
America. Petitions for writs of certiorari to the Circuit Court of
Appeals for the Second Circuit denied.
No. 841. Fred Spurlock, petitioner, v. Wm. F. Steer, Colonel,
Infantry, United States Army, etc. Petition for writ of certiorari
to the Circuit Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit denied on the
ground that the cause is moot.

MONDAY, APRIL 2, 1945
211
No. 719. Mary Burgin Potts, petitioner, v. Hurbert H. Potts. On
petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of Appeals for the
Sixth Circuit;
No. 761. James Gallagher, petitioner, v. Joseph E. Ragen, Warden,
Illinois State Penitentiary, etc. On petition for writ of certiorari
to the Supreme Court of Illinois;
No. 809. Jack A. McCoy, petitioner, v. M. J. Pescor, Warden, etc.
On petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of Appeals for
the Eighth Circuit;
No. 951. Herbert Anderson, petitioner, v. State of Louisiana. On
petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Louisiana;
No. 978. Alexander St. John, petitioner, v. E. M. Stubblefield,
Warden, etc. On petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court
of Illinois;
No. 1010. Edwin Tompsett, petitioner, v. State of Ohio et al. On
petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of Appeals for the
Sixth Circuit; and
No. 1019. Harry Meyers, petitioner, v. Joseph E. Ragen, Warden,
etc. On petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Illinois.
The motions for leave to proceed in forma pauperis are granted. The
petitions for writs of certiorari are denied.
No. 766. Thomas Fitzgerald, petitioner, v. Joseph W. Sanford,
Warden, etc. The motion for leave to proceed in forma pauperis is
granted. The petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of
Appeals for the Fifth Circuit is denied. The motion for other relief
is also denied.
No. 149. Caldwell Sugars, Inc., petitioner, v. Commissioner of In-
ternal Revenue;
No. 150. Slack Bros., Inc., petitioner, v. Commissioner of Internal
Revenue;
No. 514. Thomas Henry Robinson, Jr., petitioner, v. The United
States of America;
No. 704. John Waldon, petitioner, v. The United States of Amer-
ica;
No. 829. Gerald Churchill Mackreth, petitioner, v. R. P. Williams,
as Warden, etc.;
No. 864. F. F. Dollert et al., petitioners, v. Pratt-Hewitt Oil Cor-
poration et al.; and
No. 939. Earl Evans, petitioner, v. Walter Nierstheimer, Warden,
etc. The petitions for rehearing are denied.
No. —. Daisy D. Wilson, petitioner, v. Ralph S. Hinman. The sec-
ond petition for rehearing is denied.

MONDAY, APRIL 2, 1945
212
No. 238. Seldon R. Glenn, Collector of Internal Revenue, peti-
tioner, v. Eleanor Beard. The motion for leave to file petition for re-
hearing is granted. The petition for rehearing is denied.
No. 738. Minnesota Mining & Manufacturing Company, petitioner,
v. Conway P. Coe, Commissioner of Patents. The motion for leave to
file second petition for rehearing is granted. The second petition for
rehearing is denied.
The Court will take a recess from Monday, April 9, until Monday,
April 23, next.
No. 212. Dewey White, petitioner, v. Joseph E. Ragen, Warden,
Illinois State Penitentiary, and
No. 259. Louis Lutz, petitioner, v. Joseph E. Ragen, Warden, Illi-
nois State Penitentiary. Argument continued by Mr. William C.
Wines for the respondent and concluded by Mr. Wilbur G. Katz for
the petitioners.
No. 630. The Barrett Line, Inc., appellant, v. The United States of
America, Interstate Commerce Commission, et al. Argued by Mr.
Robert E. Quirk for the appellant and Mr. Walter J. Cummings, Jr.,
for the appellees, United States and Interstate Commerce Commis-
sion and Mr. Harry C. Ames, for the appellees, American Barge Line
Co., et al.
No. 788.. Harry Bridges, petitioner, v. I. F. Wixon, as District
Director, Immigration, and Naturalization Service, etc.
commenced by Mr. Richard Gladstein for the petitioner.
Adjourned until tomorrow at 12 o'clock.
Argument.
The day call for Tuesday, April 3, will be as follows: Nos. 788, 691,
588, 855, 811, 656, 684, 688, 820, and 470.

TUESDAY, APRIL 3, 1945
213
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: The Chief Justice, Mr. Justice Roberts, Mr. Justice Black,
Mr. Justice Reed, Mr. Justice Frankfurter, Mr. Justice Douglas, Mr.
Justice Murphy, Mr. Justice Jackson, and Mr. Justice Rutledge.
Robert Goss Day, of Warren, Ohio; Albert C. Lazure, of Arlington,
Va.; Lee M. Sharrar, of Houston, Texas; Woodrow Wilson Storey, of
Bethesda, Md.; Warren Gates Harris, of Millbury, Mass.; Edward
Patrick McHugh, Jr., of Cleveland, Ohio; and Robert A. Henderson,
of New York City, were admitted to practice.
No. 788. Harry Bridges, petitioner, v. I. F. Wixon, as District
Director, Immigration and Naturalization Service, etc. Argument
continued by Mr. Richard Gladstein and by Mr. Lee Pressman for
the petitioner and concluded by Mr. Solicitor General Fahy for the
respondent.
No. 691. Railway Mail Association, appellant, v. Edward S. Corsi,
as Industrial Commissioner of the State of New York, et al. Argued
by Mr. Daniel J. Dugan for the appellant and by Mr. Wendell P.
Brown for the appellees.
No. 588. Alabama State Federation of Labor, Local Union No. 103,
United Brotherhood of Carpenters and Joiners of America, et al.,
petitioners, v. Robert E. McAdory, as Solicitor of Jefferson County,
Alabama, et al, and
No. 855. Congress of Industrial Organizations, etc., et al. v. Robert
E. McAdory, as Solicitor of Jefferson County, Alabama, et al. Argu-
ment commenced by Mr. Horace C. Wilkinson for the petitioner in
No. 588, and continued by Mr. Lee Pressman for the petitioner in
No. 855.
Adjourned until tomorrow at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Wednesday, April 4, will be as follows: Nos. 588
(and 855), 811, 656, 684, 688, 820, 589, and 699.
Х
597362-45-80

WEDNESDAY, APRIL 4, 1945
214
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: The Chief Justice, Mr. Justice Roberts, Mr. Justice Black,
Mr. Justice Reed, Mr. Justice Frankfurter, Mr. Justice Douglas, Mr.
Justice Murphy, Mr. Justice Jackson, and Mr. Justice Rutledge.
Milton Zucker, of New York City; Monroe Goldwater, of New
York City; Albertus Brown Conn, of Columbus, Ohio; John M.
Harlan, of New York City; Ralph M. Watson, of New York City;
Frank R. S. Kaplan, of Pittsburgh, Pa.; William H. Beck, of Griffin,
Ga.; William H. Beck, Jr., of Griffin, Ga.; Donald J. Simpson, of
Chicago, Ill.; Ralph O. Bricker, of San Antonio, Tex.; Milton
Diamond, of New York City; Lincoln C. Brownell, of New York City;
Ernst J. von Briesen, of Milwaukee, Wis.; and Milton Pollack, of
Brooklyn, N. Y., were admitted to practice.
No. 588. Alabama State Federation of Labor, Local Union No.
103, United Brotherhood of Carpenters and Joiners of America, et al.,
petitioners, v. Robert E. McAdory, as Solicitor of Jefferson County,
Alabama, et al., and
No. 855. Congress of Industrial Organizations, etc., et al., peti-
tioners, v. Robert E. McAdory, as Solicitor of Jefferson County, Ala-
bama, et al. Argument continued by Mr. Lee Pressman for the
petitioners in No. 855; by Joseph A. Padway for petitioners in No.
588; by Mr. John W. Lapsley, Mr. John E. Adams, and by Mr. James
A. Simpson for respondents; and concluded by Mr. Joseph A. Padway
for the petitioners in No. 588.
No. 811. Leo H. Hill and United Association of Journeymen
Plumbers and Steamfitters of United States and Canada Local No. 234,
petitioners, v. State of Florida, ex rel. J. Tom Watson, Attorney Gen-
eral. Argument commenced by Mr. Herbert S. Thatcher for the
petitioners.
Adjourned until tomorrow at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Thursday, April 5, will be as follows: Nos. 811,
656, 684, 688, 820, 589, and 699.
✓
597362-45-81

THURSDAY, APRIL 5, 1945
215
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: The Chief Justice, Mr. Justice Roberts, Mr. Justice Black,
Mr. Justice Reed, Mr. Justice Frankfurter, Mr. Justice Douglas, Mr.
Justice Murphy, Mr. Justice Jackson, and Mr. Justice Rutledge.
Arthur H. Wheaton, of New York City; George F. Keenan, of New
York City; Cecil L. Utterback, of Des Moines, Iowa; Henry Bahr, of
Washington, D. C.; Milton A. Smith, of Washington, D. C.; Sophia
A. Olmsted, of New York City; C. Weber Tuley, of Nashville, Tenn.;
Henry F. Walker, of Los Angeles, Calif.; William McCreary Fry,
of Morristown, Tenn.; Saul R. Alexander, of Paterson, N. J.; and
Gilbert Dana Calden, of Berkeley, Calif., were admitted to practice.
No. 811. Leo H. Hill and United Association of Journeymen
Plumbers and Steamfitters of United States and Canada, Local No.
234, petitioners, v. State of Florida, ex rel. J. Tom Watson, Attorney
General. Argument continued by Mr. Herbert S. Thatcher for the
petitioners; by Mr. Howard S. Bailey for respondent; by Mr. Joseph
A. Padway for petitioners; by Mr. Howard S. Bailey for respondent;
and concluded by Mr. J. Tom Watson for respondent.
No. 656. Sinclair & Carroll Company, Inc., petitioner, v. Inter-
chemical Corporation. Argued by Mr. William D. Mitchell for peti-
tioner and by Mr. Robert W. Byerly for the respondent.
No. 684. Copperweld Steel Company, appellant, v. Industrial Com-
mission of Ohio. Argument commenced by Mr. Robert G. Day for
the appellant.
Adjourned until tomorrow at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Friday, April 6, will be as follows Nos. 684, 688,
and 820.
597362-45-82

FRIDAY, APRIL 6, 1945
216
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: The Chief Justice, Mr. Justice Roberts, Mr. Justice Black,
Mr. Justice Reed, Mr. Justice Frankfurter, Mr. Justice Douglas, Mr.
Justice Murphy, Mr. Justice Jackson, and Mr. Justice Rutledge.
Robert L. Sonfield, of Houston, Tex.; Charles A. Woods, Jr., of
Pittsburgh, Pa.; Oscar S. Rosner, of New York City; John Hays, of
Palo Alto, Calif.; William J. Brennan, Jr., of Newark, N. J.; George
Gildea, of Trenton, N. J.; and James L. Goldwater, of New York City,
were admitted to practice.
No. 684. Copperweld Steel Company, appellant, v. Industrial Com-
missioner of Ohio. Argument continued by Mr. Robert G. Day for
the appellant; by Mr. E. G. Schuessler and by Mr. Albertus B. Conn
for appellee; and concluded by Mr. Robert G. Day for the appellant.
No. 688. The Borden Company, petitioner, v. Joseph Borella,
Charles J. Burke, Walter Cross, et al. Argued by Mr. John A. Kelly
for the petitioner and Mr. A. H. Frisch for the respondent.
No. 820. 10 East 40th Street Building, Inc., petitioner, v. Charles
Callus, Samuel Said, Louis Saggese, et al. Argued by Mr. Joseph
M. Proskauer for the petitioner; by Mr. Monroe Goldwater for the
respondents; and by Miss Bessie Margolin for L. Metcalfe Walling,
Administrator of the Wage and Hour Division, United States De-
partment of Labor, in Nos. 688 and 820, as amicus curiae, by special
leave of Court.
Adjourned until Monday, April 9, next, at 12 o'clock.
Х
597362-45- -83

MONDAY, APRIL 9, 1945
217
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: The Chief Justice, Mr. Justice Roberts, Mr. Justice Black,
Mr. Justice Reed, Mr. Justice Frankfurter, Mr. Justice Douglas, Mr.
Justice Murphy, Mr. Justice Jackson, and Mr. Justice Rutledge.
Arthur Joseph Marchessault, of Detroit, Mich.; John W. Wolf, of
Detroit, Mich.; David E. Burgess, of Detroit, Mich.; Tom Pickett, of
Palestine, Tex.; Iverson J. Walker, of Dallas, Tex.; Clifton Hilde-
brand, of Oakland, Calif.; Stanley C. Smoyer, of Washington, D. C.;
Eugene E. Goeffrey, Jr., of Ridgefield Park, N. J.; and Boris Kos-
telanetz, of New York City, were admitted to practice.
No. 445. Brooklyn Savings Bank, petitioner, v. William J. O'Neil.
On writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals of the State of New York;
No. 554. L. Elwood Dize, Trading as Dize Box Company, peti-
tioner, v. Lake Maddrix. On writ of certiorari to the United States
Circuit Court of Appeals for the Fourth Circuit; and
.
No. 421. Arsenal Building Corporation and Spear & Co., Inc., peti-
tioners, v. Meyer Greenberg, Suing in Behalf of Himself, etc. On writ
of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the
Second Circuit. Judgment in No. 445 affirmed with costs and cause
remanded to the Court of Appeals of New York. Judgment in No.
554 affirmed with costs and cause remanded to the District Court of
the United States for the District of Maryland. Judgment in No. 421
reversed insofar as it included interest and cause remanded to the
District Court of the United States for the Southern District of New
York for further proceedings in conformity with opinion of this
Court. Opinion by Mr. Justice Reed. Opinion by Mr. Chief Justice
Stone dissenting in No. 445 and concurring in No. 554 in which Mr.
Justice Roberts and Mr. Justice Frankfurter join.
No. 462. J. F. Fitzgerald Construction Company, petitioner, v.
Chris Pedersen, Individually and as Agent and Representative for
and in Behalf of Himself, etc. On writ fo certiorari to the Supreme
Court of the State of New York. Judgment affirmed in part and
reversed in part and cause remanded to the Supreme Court of the
State of New York, Columbia County, for proceedings not incon-
sistent with the opinion of this Court. Opinion by Mr. Justice Reed.
597362-45--84

MONDAY, APRIL 9, 1945
218
No. 38. The Hooven & Allison Co., petitioner, v. William S. Evatt,
Tax Commissioner of Ohio. On writ of certiorari to the Supreme
Court of Ohio. Judgment reversed with costs and cause remanded
to the said Supreme Court for further proceedings not inconsistent
with the opinion of this Court. Opinion by Mr. Chief Justice Stone.
Opinion by Mr. Justice Reed dissenting in part. Dissenting opinion
by Mr. Justice Black in which Mr. Justice Douglas, Mr. Justice
Murphy, and Mr. Justice Rutledge join. Opinion by Mr. Justice
Murphy concurring in part.
No. 371. Commissioner of Internal Revenue, petitioner, v. John H.
Smith. On writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of
Appeals for the Ninth Circuit. Petition for rehearing denied.
Opinion by Mr. Chief Justice Stone. Mr. Justice Roberts adheres to
his dissent.
The Chief Justice said:
"The other orders of the Court appear upon the list certified by the
Chief Justice and filed with the Clerk and will not be announced
orally."
No. 371. Commissioner of Internal Revenue, petitioner, v. John H.
Smith. The opinion of the Court is modified by adding the follow-
ing at the end of the first sentence on page 3 of the opinion: "Re-
spondent testified that if the option could have been sold at the time
he received it, it would have been for only a 'negligible' or 'nominal'
amount. He has never contended that the option itself had value
when given and there was no finding by The Tax Court that it then
had value. The Tax Court, in stating the principle which it deemed
applicable to the present case, quoted from Estate of Edward J.
Connolly, 45 B. T. A. 374, as follows: 'If the options had never been
exercised the optionees would never have received any additional
compensation"."
No.
-
Ex parte Mary A. Ruthven, petitioner. The motion for
leave to file a petition for a writ of habeas corpus is denied.
No. - Ex parte Stanley B. Peplowski, petitioner. The motion
for leave to file petition for writs of habeas corpus and mandamus is
denied.
No.
-
Garfield J. Kelly, petitioner, v. Hon. Luther M. Swygert,
Judge. The petition for writ of mandate is denied.
No. 971. May Department Stores Company, etc., petitioner, v. Na-
tional Labor Relations Board. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
Circuit Court of Appeals for the Eighth Circuit granted.
No. 1066. General Electric Company, petitioner, v. Jewell Incan-
descent Lamp Company et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
Circuit Court of Appeals for the Third Circuit granted.

MONDAY, APRIL 9, 1945
219
No. 966. R. Bernard Dickey, petitioner, v. Raisin Proration Zone
No. 1, Raisin Proration Association, et al. Petition for writ of certio-
rari to the Supreme Court of California denied.
No. 967. The United States of America, ex rel. Theodore Roosevelt
Potts, petitioner, v. Robert W. Rabb, United States Marshal for the
Middle District of Pennsylvania. Petition for writ of certiorari to
the Circuit Court of Appeals for the Third Circuit denied.
No. 983. Woodrow Wilson Tilghman, petitioner, v. The United
States of America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court
of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 984. Western Electric Company, Incorporated, petitioner, v.
National Labor Relations Board; and
No. 988. Point Breeze Employees Association, Inc., petitioner, v.
National Labor Relations Board. Petitions for writs of certiorari to
the Circuit Court of Appeals for the Fourth Circuit denied.
No. 985. Marrs McLean, petitioner, v. State of Texas. Petition for
writ of certiorari to the Texas Court of Civil Appeals, First Supreme
Judicial District, denied.
No. 1003. Winthrop Taylor, petitioner, v. Commissioner of In-
ternal Revenue. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court
of Appeals for the Second Circuit denied.
No. 1012. Honorable Peirson M. Hall, Judge of the United States
District Court for the Southern District of California, petitioner, v.
The United States of America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
Circuit Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit denied.
No. 1020. Jefferson County, Tennessee, petitioner, v. Tennessee
Valley Authority. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court
of Appeals for the Sixth Circuit denied.
No. 1024. Ernest Morrill, petitioner, v. Waern Building Corpora-
tion. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of Appeals
for Seventh Circuit denied.
No. 1027. Edward Mallinckrodt, Jr., petitioner, v. Joseph D.
Nunan, Jr., Commissioner of Internal Revenue. Petition for writ of
certiorari to the Circuit Court of Appeals for the Eighth Circuit
denied.
No. 1041. Julian Kennedy, Jr., petitioner, v. Emerald Coal and
Coke Company. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court
of Delaware denied.
No. 1065. Oil Workers International Union, Local 463, et al., peti-
tioners, v. Texoma Natural Gas Company. Petition for writ of cer-
tiorari to the Circuit Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit denied.

MONDAY, APRIL 9, 1945
220
No. 1079. Great Lakes Transit Corporation, petitioner, v. Alfred
G. Marceau. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of
Appeals for the Second Circuit denied.
No. 969. Minnie Reese Richardson Wragg, petitioner, v. Federal
Land Bank of New Orleans et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to
the Circuit Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit denied. Mr. Jus-
tice Black took no part in the consideration or decision of this appli-
cation.
No. 1069. E. I. duPont de Nemours & Company, petitioner, v.
Minnie L. Wright, Administratrix of the Estate of William T. Wright,
Deceased. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of
Appeals for the Sixth Circuit denied. Mr. Justice Roberts took no
part in the consideration or decision of this application.
No. 1005. Charles O. O'Keith, petitioner, v. James A. Johnston,
Warden, United States Penitentiary, Alcatraz, California. The mo-
tion for leave to proceed on typwritten papers is granted. The petition
for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of Appeads for the Ninth
Circuit is denied.
No. 804. Joel Thomas Pierce, petitioner, v. The United States of
America. On petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of
Appeals for the Fifth Circuit;
No. 846. The United States of America, ex rel. Stephen Rogalski,
petitioner, v. J. Vernal Jackson, Warden, etc. On petition for writ
of certiorari to the Circuit Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit;
No. 867. Elliott W. Michener, petitioner, v. James A. Johnston,
Warden, etc. On petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court
of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit ;
No. 888. James A. Carter, petitioner, v. James A. Johnston, War-
den, etc. On petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of Ap-
peals for the Ninth Circuit;
No. 919. Orville Golden, petitioner, v. State of Missouri. On peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Missouri;
No. 920. Clarence L. Batson, petitioner, v. P. J. Squire, Warden,
etc. On petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of Appeals
for the Ninth Circuit;
No. 958. Sylvester Andrews, petitioner, v. W. L. Robertson, Jailer,
et al. On petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of
Appeals for the Fifth Circuit;
No. 963. Fred Bissell, petitioner, v. Milton M. Amrine, Warden.
On petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Kansas;
No. 981. Robert Edmond Hammersmith, petitioner, v. The People
of the State of New York. On petition for writ of certiorari to the
Supreme Court of New York;

MONDAY, APRIL 9, 1945
221
No. 989. John W. Morton, petitioner, v. The United States of
America. On petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia;
No. 990. Joseph Lesser, petitioner, v. The People of the State of
New York. On petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court
of New York;
No. 991. John Locke, petitioner, v. State of Illinois. On petition
for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Illinois;
No. 992. James Braner, petitioner, v. The People of the State of
Illinois. On petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court
of Illinois;
No. 993. Bennie Brooks, petitioner, v. Joseph E. Ragen, Warden,
etc. On petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of
Illinois;
No. 994. William Petersen, petitioner, v. The People of the State
of New York. On petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Ap-
peals of New York; and
No. 997. Arthur Williams, etc., petitioner, v. The United States
of America. On petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of
Appeals for the Second Circuit. The motions for leave to proceed
in forma pauperis are granted. The petitions for writs of certiorari
are denied.
No. 868. Hugh A. Bowen, petitioner, v. James A. Johnston,
Warden, etc. The motion for leave to proceed in forma pauperis is
granted. The motion for leave to amend and supplement the petition
is granted. The petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of
Appeals for the Ninth Circuit is denied.
No. 909. Henry John Stumpf, Jr., petitioner, v. Joseph W. San-
ford, Warden, etc. The motion for leave to proceed in forma pauperis
is granted. The petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court
of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit is denied for the reason that applica-
tion therefor was not made within the time provided by law. Sec.
8 (a), Act of February 13, 1925 (43 Stat. 936, 940), 28 U. S. C., Sec.
350. The motion for other relief is also denied.
No. 713, October Term, 1942. Jose Cases Valazquez, petitioner, v.
The United States of America;
No. 63. The Northwestern Bands of Shoshone Indians, petitioners,
v. The United States;
No. 836. Thomas Bartell, petitioner, v. The People of the State of
Illinois;
No. 857. United States Gypsum Company, petitioner, v. National
war Labor Board et al;
No. 872. Ford Motor Company, appellant, v. Commonwealth of
Pennsylvania; and

MONDAY, APRIL 9, 1945
222
No. 873. The Quaker Oats Company, appellant, v. Commonwealth
of Pennsylvania. The petitions for rehearing are denied.
No. 55. Pacific Gas and Electric Company, petitioner, v. Securities
and Exchange Commission. The petition for rehearing is denied.
Mr. Justice Douglas took no part in the consideration or decision of
this application.
No. 561. Fred M. Vinson, Economic Stabilization Director, by
Chester Bowles, Price Administrator, appellant, v. The United States
of America, Interstate Commerce Commission, et al; and
No. 592. Fred M. Vinson, Economic Stabilization Director, by
Chester Bowles, Price Administrator, appellant, v. The United States
of America, Interstate Commerce Commission, et al. William H.
Davis, present Economic Stabilization Director, substituted in the
place and stead of Fred M. Vinson, formerly Economic Stabilization
Director, as the party appellant.
Adjourned until Monday, April 23, next, at 12 oclock.
The day call for Monday, April 23, will be as follows: Nos. 560 (and
561), 574 (and 592), 589, 833, 806, 470, 815, 699, 914, and 953.
Х

MONDAY, APRIL 23, 1945
223
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: The Chief Justice, Mr. Justice Roberts, Mr. Justice Black,
Mr. Justice Reed, Mr. Justice Frankfurter, Mr. Justice Douglas, Mr.
Justice Murphy, Mr. Justice Jackson, and Mr. Justice Rutledge.
Tobias G. Klinger, of Cleveland, Ohio; J. C. B. Ehringhaus, of
Raleigh, N. C.; Sherwood Dixon, of Dixon, Ill.; William Edwin
Carpenter, of Rockford, Ill.; Frank L. McCarthy, of Lexington, Ky.;
Thomas A. Keegan, of Rockford, Ill.; Jean Jaul Jones, of Bartlesville,
Okla.; Thomas J. McKenna, of Buffalo, N. Y.; James Forman Smith,
of Montgomery, Ala.; William Nelson Shackleford, of Washington,
D. C.; James D. Bruton, Jr., of Plant City, Fla.; Wilberforce Sully,
Jr., of New York City; Russell E. Parsons, of Los Angeles, Calif.;
Franklin K. Lane, of Washington, D. C.; Samuel Wesley Reynolds, of
Arlington, Va.; Frank A. Silver, of Boston, Mass.; Harold Kaminsky,
of Johnstown, Pa.; William K. Meadow, of Atlanta, Ga.; Earle J.
Harrington, of New York City; Robert G. Surridge, of New York
City; James Edward Hughes, of Washington, D. C.; Russell V. John-
son, of Oklahoma City, Okla.; David O. Mathews, of Omaha, Nebr.;
William H. Webb, of Pittsburgh, Pa.; Albert Byron Arbaugh, of
Canton, Ohio; and William Tyrone Gillespie, of Salem, Oreg., were
admitted to practice.
No. 13. Anthony Cramer, petitioner, v. The United States of
America. On writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of
Appeals for the Second Circuit. Judgment reversed and cause re-
manded to the District Court of the United States for the Southern
District of New York for further proceedings in conformity with the
opinion of this Court. Opinion by Mr. Justice Jackson. Dissenting
opinion by Mr. Justice Douglas in which the Chief Justice, Mr. Justice
Black, and Mr. Justice Reed concur.
No. 24. Victor J. Herb, petitioner, v. Norman B. Pitcairn and
Frank C. Nicodemus, Jr., Receivers for Wabash Railway Company;
and
No. 25. Benjamin F. Belcher, petitioner, v. Louisville & Nashville
Railroad Company. On writs of certiorari to the Supreme Court of
the State of Illinois. Judgments reversed with costs, and cases re-
manded to the said Supreme Court for further proceedings not incon-
sistent with the opinion of this Court. Opinion by Mr. Justice
Jackson,
597362-45--85

MONDAY, APRIL 23, 1945
224
No. 377. Precision Instrument Manufacturing Company, Kenneth
R. Larson, and Snap-on Tools Corporation, petitioners, v. Automotive
Maintenance Machinery Company. On writ of certiorari to the
United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Seventh Circuit.
Judgment reversed with costs and cause remanded to the District
Court of the United States for the Northern District of Illinois for
further proceedings in conformity with the opinion of this Court.
Opinion by Mr. Justice Murphy. Dissenting: Mr. Justice Roberts and
Mr. Justice Jackson.
No. 226. Republic Aviation Corporation, petitioner, v. National
Labor Relations Board. On writ of certiorari to the United States
Circuit Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit; and
No. 452. National Labor Relations Board, petitioner, v. LeTour-
neau Company of Georgia. On writ of certiorari to the United States
Circuit Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit. Judgment in No. 226
affirmed and cause remanded to the Circuit Court of Appeals for the
Second Circuit. Judgment in No. 452 reversed and cause remanded to
the Circuit Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit for further pro-
ceedings in conformity with the opinion of this Court. Opinion by
Mr. Justice Reed. Mr. Justice Roberts dissents in each case.
No. 391. Richard Rice, petitioner, v. Neil Olson, Warden of the
Nebraska State Penitentiary at Lancaster, Lancaster County, Ne-
braska. On writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of the State of
Nebraska. Judgment reversed with costs and cause remanded to the
said Supreme Court for further proceedings not inconsistent with the
opinion of this Court. Opinion by Mr. Justice Black. Dissenting
opinion by Mr. Justice Frankfurter in which Mr. Justice Roberts and
Mr. Justice Jackson join.
No. 431. The United States, petitioner, v. Joseph H. Beuttas, John
W. Beuttas, and Paul H. Beuttas, trading as B-W Construction Co.,
not Inc. On writ of certiorari to the Court of Claims. Judgment
reversed in part and cause remanded to the Court of Claims for further
proceedings in conformity with the opinion of this Court. Opinion by
Mr. Justice Roberts. Mr. Justice Douglas concurs in the result.
No. 448. The United States of America and Interstate Commerce
Commission, appellants, v. Hancock Truck Lines, Inc.; and
No. 449. Regular Common Carriers Conference of the American
Trucking Associations, Inc., appellant, v. Hancock Truck Lines, Inc.
Appeals from the District Court of the United States for the Southern
District of Indiana. Judgment reversed and cases remanded to the
said District Court for further proceedings in conformity with the
opinion of this Court. Opinion by Mr. Justice Roberts. Mr. Justice
Black concurs in the result.

MONDAY, APRIL 23, 1945
225
No. 684. Copperweld Steel Company, appellant, v. Industrial
Commission of Ohio. Appeal from the Supreme Court of the State of
Ohio. Appeal dismissed for want of jurisdiction. Treating the appli-
cation for appeal as a petition for certiorari, certiorari is denied.
Opinion by Mr. Justice Roberts.
No. 680. Corn Products Refining Company and Corn Products
Sales Company, petitioners, v. Federal Trade Commission. On writ
of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the
Seventh Circuit. Judgment affirmed and cause remanded to the said
Circuit Court of Appeals. Opinion by Mr. Chief Justice Stone. Mr.
Justice Roberts took no part in the consideration or decision of this
case. Mr. Justice Jackson concurs in the result.
No. 559. Federal Trade Commission, petitioner, v. A. E. Staley
Manufacturing Company and Staley Sales Corporation. On writ of
certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the
Seventh Circuit. Order of the Commission sustained. Judgment of
the Circuit Court of Appeals reversed and cause remanded to said
Court with instructions to enforce the Commission's order. Opinion
by Mr. Chief Justice Stone. Mr. Justice Roberts took no part in the
consideration or decision of this case. Mr. Justice Jackson concurs in
the result.
No. 212. Dewey White, petitioner, v. Joseph E. Ragen, Warden,
Illinois State Penitentiary; and
No. 259. Louis Lutz, petitioner, v. Joseph E. Ragen, Warden, Illi-
nois State Penitentiary, Joliet, Illinois. On writs of certiorari to the
Supreme Court of the State of Illinois. Writs dismissed. Opinion,
per curiam, announced by Mr. Chief Justice Stone. Mr. Justice
Roberts concurs in the result.
The Chief Justice announced the following order of the Court:
No. 980. Dewey Henry Womble, petitioner, v. The United States
of America. On petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court
of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit. Per curiam: The petition for writ
of certiorari is granted. The judgment is reversed for want of sub-
stantial evidence to sustain the conviction. Dissenting: Mr. Justice
Black and Mr. Justice Douglas.
The Chief Justice said:
"The other orders of the Court appear upon the list certified by the
Chief Justice and filed with the clerk and will not be announced
orally."
No.. Ex parte Noel Gaines, petitioner; and

-
MONDAY, APRIL 23, 1945
226
No. . Ex parte Robert L. McClendon, petitioner. Applications
denied.
No. - Ex parte Robert H. Smith, petitioner; and
No. . Ex parte Nathan McBride, petitioner. The motions for
leave to file petitions for writs of habeas corpus are denied.
-
No. Ex parte Chesteen McConnell, petitioner. The motion for
leave to file petition for writ of habeas corpus and for other relief is
denied.
No. Ex parte Alfred Minntole, petitioner. The motion for
leave to file petition for writ of certiorari is denied.
No. 379. Colorado Interstate Gas Company, petitioner, v. Federal
Power Commission et al.; and
No. 380. Canadian River Gas Company, petitioner, v. Federal
Power Commission et al. The motion to dismiss the writs of certiorari.
is denied. The motions for an order as to distribution of impounded
funds are denied without prejudice to applications to the Circuit Court
of Appeals.
No. 1000. Guy A. Thompson, Trustee, The St. Louis, Brownsville
and Mexico Railway Company, debtor, et al., petitioners, v. The Texas
Mexican Railway Company. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
Court of Civil Appeals, 4th Supreme Judicial District, State of Texas,
granted.
No. 1006. Ethel Keeton, as Administratrix, etc., petitioner, v. Guy
A. Thompson, Trustee in bankruptcy for the Missouri Pacific Railway
Company. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of
Arkansas granted.
No. 1189. De Beers Consolidated Mines, Ltd., et al., petitioners, v.
The United States of America; and
No. 1190. Societe Internationale Forestiere et Miniere du Congo
and Companhia De Diamantes de Angola, petitioners, v. The United
States of America. In each of these cases the motion for leave to file
petition for writ of certiorari is granted and the petition for writ of
certiorari to the District Court of the United States for the Southern
District of New York is granted. The cases are transferred to the
summary docket and assigned for argument immediately following
Nos. 1016 and 1017. Counsel are requested to discuss in their briefs
and upon oral argument the question whether the order of the District
Court may appropriately be reviewed at the present stage of the
proceedings by writ of certiorari under section 262 of the Judicial
Code.
No. 1191. Universal Oil Products Company, petitioner, v. Root
Refining Company; and

MONDAY, APRIL 23, 1945
227
No. 1080. Universal Oil Products Company, petitioner, v. Root
Refining Company. The motion of J. Bernhard Thiess and Thorley
von Holst for leave to file a brief in opposition pro se, and on behalf
of Skelly Oil Company et al., is granted. The motion for leave to file
petition for writ of certiorari in No. 1191 is granted and the petition
for writ of certiorari is also granted. In No. 1080 the petition for
writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of Appeals for the Third
Circuit is granted. Mr. Justice Roberts took no part in the considera-
tion or decision of these applications.
No. 825. Henry Hawk, petitioner, v. Neil Olson, Warden, etc. The
motion for leave to proceed in forma pauperis is granted. The petition
for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Nebraska is also granted.
No. 999. H. H. Speten, petitioner, v. Chester Bowles, Administra-
tor, Office of Price Administration. Petition for writ of certiorari
to the Circuit Court of Appeals for the Eighth Circuit denied.
No. 1011. Thad Benson Carter, petitioner, v. George A. Kubler.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of Appeals for the
Sixth Circuit denied.
No. 1013. Dr. William Howard Hay Foundation, petitioner, v.
Safety Harbor Sanatorium. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
Circuit Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 1021. Walt Disney Productions, a corporation, petitioner, v.
National Labor Relations Board. Petition for writ of certiorari to
the Circuit Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit denied.
No. 1031. F. S. Lack, petitioner, v. Western Loan & Building
Company et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court
of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit denied.
No. 1034. Milton M. Kramer, Wallace Floyd Nelson, et al., peti-
tioners, v. The United States of America. Petition for writ of
certiorari to the Circuit Court of Appeals for the Sixth Circuit denied.
No. 1035. Rudy Barthel, petitioner, v. Margarete Stamm, as
Executrix, etc. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of
Appeals for the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 1036. The State of Ohio, ex rel. Hugh M. Foster, a taxpayer,
petitioner, v. William S. Evatt, Tax Commissioner of Ohio. Petition
for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Ohio denied.
No. 1040. Ex parte George S. Hawke, petitioner. Petition for
writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of Appeals for the Sixth Circuit
denied.
No. 1044. Robert Boland Brooks, petitioner, v. The United States
of America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of
Appeals for the Second Circuit denied.

MONDAY, APRIL 23, 1945
228
No. 1048. Maurice Klein, Trustee in Bankruptcy, petitioner, v.
Mary K. Moser. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court
of Appeals for the Seventh Circuit denied.
No. 1051. The Morris Plan Industrial Bank of New York, peti-
tioner v. Henry H. Raphiel. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
Circuit Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit denied.
No. 1052. Santa Inez Company, petitioner, v. The United States
of America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of
Appeals for the Ninth Circuit denied.
No. 1055. G. F. Howard, petitioner, v. Chicago, Burlington &
Quincy Railroad Company. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
Circuit Court of Appeals for the Eight Circuit denied.
No. 977. King County, a municipal corporation, et al., petitioners,
v. Washington Chocolate Company. Petition for writ of certiorari to
the Supreme Court of Washington denied.
No. 1014. Eddie J. Viator, petitioner, v. A. H. Stone, Chairman,
State Tax Commission, et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
Circuit Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 1028. Jesse Green, in behalf of himself and Bessie Henderson,
Aldo Thompson, et al., petitioners, v. Anchor Mills Company. Peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of North Carolina
denied.
No. 1032. Rockton & Rion Railroad (Railway) a corporation, pe-
titioner, v. L. Metcalfe Walling, Administrator of the Wage and Hour
Division, etc. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of
Appeals for the Fourth Circuit denied.
No. 1045. Companhia Antarctica Paulista, petitioner, v. Conway
P. Coe, Commissioner of Patents. Petition for writ of certiorari to
the United States Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia
denied.
No. 1050. Kyle Davenport, petitioner, v. The United States of
America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of
Appeals for the Sixth Circuit denied.
No. 1053. Okeechobee County, Florida, petitioner, v. John Nuveen
and John Nuveen, Jr., as copartners, etc. Petition for writ of cer-
tiorari to the Circuit Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 1054. The State National Bank of Marshall, in liquidation,
petitioner, v. W. D. Tittle. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
Supreme Court of Texas denied.
No. 1058. Potomac Chemical Company, Inc., petitioner, v. Wil-
liam O. Chapman. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States.
Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia denied.

MONDAY, APRIL 23, 1945
229
No. 1064. Robert M. Wendlinger, petitioner, v. Hardware Mutual
Casualty Company. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit
Court of Appeals for the Fourth Circuit denied.
No. 1067. Horni Signal Manufacturing Corporation, petitioner,
v. David Katz. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court
of Appeals for the Second Circuit denied.
No. 1068. Edna Benton Wake Wyman et al., etc., petitioners, v. Pan
American Airways, Inc. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Su-
preme Court of New York denied.
No. 1091. F. G. Badenhausen, William S. Spatcher et al., peti-
tioners, v. Edwin G. Baetjer, George C. Cutler, et al., etc. Petition for
writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of Appeals for the Fourth
Circuit denied.
No. 1039. Zeno W. Putnam and Bessie L. Putnam, petitioners, v.
Federal Land Bank of Baltimore. The motion for leave to file a less
number of copies of the record than stated in the rule is granted.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Pennsylvania
denied.
No. 922. Atlantic Company, petitioner, v. A. Broughton et al.;
No. 923. Atlantic Company, petitioner, v. Emanuel Carthan et al.;
No. 986. A. Broughton et al., petitioners, v. Atlantic Company;
and
No. 987. Emanuel Carthan et al., petitioners, v. Atlantic Company.
The motions of respondents in Nos. 922 and 923 and petitioners in
986 and 987 for leave to proceed in forma pauperis are granted. The
petitions for writs of certiorari to the Circuit Court of Appeals for
the Fifth Circuit are denied.
No. 1007. Burleigh Sires, petitioner, v. Walter Nierstheimer,
Warden, etc. On petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court
of Illinois;
No. 1009. Dora Robertson, petitioner, v. O. B. Chronister et al.
On petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Arkansas;
No. 1023. Leon C. Marsh, petitioner, v. Walter Nierstheimer,
Warden;
No. 1030. Henry Clay Barland, petitioner, v. The People of the
State of Illinois;
No. 1119. Roman Piskorz, petitioner, v. The Illinois State Supreme
Court, Springfield, Illinois; and
No. 1120. Peter Resco, petitioner, v. Joseph E. Ragen, Warden,
etc. On petitions for writs of certiorari to the Supreme Court of
Illinois. The motions for leave to proceed in forma pauperis are
granted. The petitions for writs of certiorari are denied.

MONDAY, APRIL 23, 1945
230
No. 1022. Stephen Byra, petitioner, v. The State of New Jersey.
On petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Errors & Appeals of
New Jersey;
No. 1046. William D. Daulley, petitioner, v. Joseph E. Ragen,
Warden, etc.; and
No. 1060. Roy Adkison, petitioner, v. Joseph E. Ragen, Warden,
etc. On petitions for writs of certiorari to the Supreme Court of
Illinois. The motions for leave to proceed in forma pauperis are
granted. The petitions for writs of certiorari are denied for the
reason that applications therefor were not made within the time pro-
vided by law. Sec. 8 (a), Act of February 13, 1925 (43 Stat. 936, 940),
28 U. S. C. sec. 350.
No. Ex parte Stanley Peplowski;
-
No. 11 Original. State of Georgia, complainant, v. Pennsylvania
Railroad Co. et al;
No. 463. Edith G. Goldwasser, petitioner, v. Commissioner of In-
ternal Revenue;
No. 510. Market Street Railway Company, appellant, v. Railroad
Commission of the State of California et al.;
No. 511. Market Street Railway Company, appellant, v. Railroad
Commission of the State of California et al.;
No. 797. Abe Chapman, petitioner, v. Walter A. Hunter, Warden;
No. 929. Pauline E. Barry, Administratrix, etc., petitioner, v.
Reading Company;
No. 947. Igal Roodenko, petitioner, v. The United States of
America;
No. 968. William C. Hay, petitioner, v. Commissioner of Internal
Revenue;
No. 994. William Petersen, petitioner, v. The People of the State
of New York;
No. 1020. Jefferson County, Tennessee, petitioner, v. Tennessee
Valley Authority; and
No. 1037. Albert Edmund Barlow et al., appellants, v. The State
of Utah. The petitions for rehearing are denied.
No. - Ex parte Bryan Schwab, petitioner. The motion for leave
to file a petition for rehearing is granted. The petition for rehearing
is denied.
No. 351. Carlota Benitez Sampayo, petitioner, v. The United
States of America et al;
No. 352. Carlota Benitez Sampayo, petitioner, v. The Bank of
Nova Scotia; and
No. 353. Carlota Benitez Sampayo, petitioner, v. The Bank of
Nova Scotia et al. The petition for rehearing is denied. The Chief
Justice took no part in the consideration or decision of this application.

MONDAY, APRIL 23, 1945
231
No. 840. R. J. Reynolds Tobacco Company et al., petitioners, v.
The United States of America. Petition for rehearing denied. The
Chief Justice, Mr. Justice Reed, and Mr. Justice Jackson took no part
in the consideration or decision of this application.
No. 560. State of North Carolina et al., appellants, v. The United
States of America et al.; and
No. 561. William H. Davis, Economic Stabilization Director, etc.,
appellant, v. The United States of America et al. Argument com-
menced by Mr. F. C. Hillyer for the appellants in No. 560%; con-
tinued by Mr. J. C. B. Ehringhaus for the appellants in No. 560; by
Mr. J. Stanley Payne for the appellee, Interstate Commerce Com-
mission; and by Mr. Charles Clark for the appellees, Aberdeen and
Rockfish R. R. Co. et al.
Adjourned until tomorrow at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Tuesday, April 24, will be as follows: Nos. 560
(and 561), 574 (and 592), 589, 833, 806, 699, 470, 815, 914, and
953.
Х
597362-45-86

TUESDAY, APRIL 24, 1945
232
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: The Chief Justice, Mr. Justice Roberts, Mr. Justice Black,
Mr. Justice Reed, Mr. Justice Frankfurter, Mr. Justice Douglas, Mr.
Justice Murphy, Mr. Justice Jackson, and Mr. Justice Rutledge.
Frank Russell Crom, of Tampa, Fla.; Emory H. Price, of Jackson-
ville, Fla.; Frank E. Scully, of New York City; Joseph A. Sherier, of
Washington, D. C.; Fred M. Joseph, of St. Louis, Mo.; Aaron S.
Resnik, of Los Angeles, Calif.; Frank C. Newman, of South Pasadena,
Calif.; Oliver Carter, of Elizabethtown, N. C.; Frederick V. Marsi,
of New York City; Harold W. Steiner, of Los Angeles, Calif.; Morton
C. Jaquith, of Clinton, Mass.; Patrick Malloy, of Tulsa, Okla.; Lino L.
Cuison, of Johnson City, Tenn.; Emmett P. Mulholland, of Long
Beach, Calif.; Bernard S. Peck, of Bridgeport, Conn.; Robert Thomas
Ainslie Molloy, of New York City; Roy F. Andes, of Detroit, Mich.;
George I. Devor, of Los Angeles, Calif.; Thomas R. Clydesdale, of
Ottawa, Ill.; Foster C. Phelps, of Los Angeles, Calif.; John V. Bloys,
of New York City; Edward N. Lippincott, of Newark, N. J.; John J.
Monigan, Jr., of Newark, N. J.; Beverly C. Moore, of Greensboro, N.
C.;
Thornton H. Brooks, of Greensboro, N. C.; Benjamin H. Sherman,
of Chicago, Ill.; Charles H. Redman, of Chicago, Ill.; John G. Morris,
Jr., of Atlanta, Ga.; and Albert M. Morgan, of Morgantown, W. Va.,
were admitted to practice.
No. 560. State of North Carolina et al., appellants, v. The United
States of America et al.; and
No. 561. William H. Davis, Economic Stabilization Director, etc.,
appellant, v. The United States of America et al. Argument con-
cluded by Mr. Charles Clark for appellees, Aberdeen and Rockfish
R. R. Co. et al., and case submitted by Mr. Richard H. Field, Mr.
David F. Cavers, and Mr. Malcolm D. Miller for appellant in No. 561.
No. 574. The State of Alabama et al., appellants, v. The United
States of America et al.; and
No. 592. William H. Davis, Economic Stabilization Director, etc.,
appellant, v. The United States of America et al. Argument com-
menced by Mr. J. E. Marks for appellants, Commonwealth of Ken-
tucky et al.; continued by Mr. Forman Smith for appellants, State of
Alabama et al.; by Mr. Leon Jourolmon, Jr., for appellants, State of
Tennessee et al.; by Mr. David F. Cavers for William H. Davis, Eco-
597362-45--87

TUESDAY, APRIL 24, 1945
233
nomic Stabilization Director, etc., appellee in No. 574 and appellant
in No. 592; by Mr. Allen Crenshaw for appellees, United States and
Interstate Commerce Commission; and concluded by Mr. Charles Clark
for the appellees, Alabama Great Southern R. R. Co. et al.
No. 589. Commissioner of Internal Revenue, petitioner, v. William
D. Disston. Argued by Mr. J. Louis Monarch for the petitioner and
by Mr. Harold Evans for the respondent.
No. 833. The Lincoln National Life Insurance Company, appellant,
v. Jess G. Read, Insurance Commissioner of the State of Oklahoma,
et al. Argument commenced by Mr. Russell V. Johnson for the
appellant.
Adjourned until tomorrow at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Wednesday, April 25, will be as follows: Nos. 833,
806, 699, 470, 815, 914, 953, 932, 205, and 663.
✓

WEDNESDAY, APRIL 25, 1945
234
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: The Chief Justice, Mr. Justice Roberts, Mr. Justice Black,
Mr. Justice Reed, Mr. Justice Frankfurter, Mr. Justice Douglas, Mr.
Justice Murphy, Mr. Justice Jackson, and Mr. Justice Rutledge.
Olene M. Wangness, of Washington, D. C.; Jessie P. Grandy, of
Washington, D. C.; Edward Howell, of Tulsa, Okla.; Melville
La Marche, of Washington, D. C.; O. Gordon Delk, Jr., of Arlington,
Va.; William N. Wheelock, of Chattanooga, Tenn.; William Britton
Moore, of Cheverly, Md.; Arthur T. Hoadley, of Spencer, Ind.;
Charles M. Huey, of Oklahoma City, Okla.; Stark Ritchie, of Cleve-
land, Ohio; Charles R. Rudolph, of Atlantic, Iowa; William M.
Burkhalter, of McKenzie, Tenn.; Henry Norment Custis, of Washing-
ton, D. C.; Douglas W. Bantz, of Aberdeen, S. Dak.; and J. Matthews
Neale, of Chevy Chase, Md., were admitted to practice.
No. 10, original. The United States of America, complainant, v.
The State of Wyoming and The Ohio Oil Company. It is ordered
that Nat U. Brown, Esquire, of Yakima, Wash., be, and he is hereby,
appointed Special Master in this cause, with authority to summon
witnesses, issue subpoenas, and to take such evidence as may be
introduced and such as he may deem it necessary to call for. The
Master is directed to find the facts specially and state separately his
conclusions of law thereon (cf. Rule 52 of the Rules of Civil Procedure
for the District Courts of the United States, first sentence), and to
submit the same to this Court with all convenient speed, together with
a draft of the decree recommended by him. The findings, conclusions,
and recommended decree of the Master shall be subject to considera-
tion, revision, or approval by the Court. The Master shall be allowed.
his actual expenses and a reasonable compensation for his services
to be fixed hereafter by the Court. The allowances to him, the com-
pensation paid to his stenographic and clerical assistants, and the cost
of printing his report shall be charged against and be borne by the
parties in such proportion as the Court hereafter may direct. If the
appointment herein made of a Master is not accepted, or if the place
becomes vacant during the recess of the Court, the Chief Justice shall
have authority to make a new designation which shall have the same
effect as if originally made by the Court herein.
597362-45--88

WEDNESDAY, APRIL 25, 1945
235
No. 1138. Brotherhood of Locomotive Firemen & Enginemen et al.,
petitioners, v. Interstate Commerce Commission. Time within which
to file brief opposing petition for certiorari extended to and including
May 19, next, on motion of counsel for the respondent.
No. 833. The Lincoln National Life Insurance Company, appel-
lant, v. Jess G. Read, Insurance Commissioner of the State of Okla-
homa, et al. Argument continued by Mr. Russell V. Johnson for the
appellant and concluded by Mr. Fred Hansen for the appellees.
No. 806. Alma Motor Company, petitioner, v. The Timken-Detroit
Axle Company and the United States of America. Three hours
allowed for oral argument. Argument commenced by Mr. I. Joseph
Farley for the petitioner and continued by Mr. Assistant Attorney
General Shea for the respondent, United States.
Adjourned until tomorrow at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Thursday, April 26, will be as follows: Nos. 806,
699, 470, 815, 914, 953, 932, 205, and 663.

THURSDAY, APRIL 26, 1945
236
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: The Chief Justice, Mr. Justice Roberts, Mr. Justice Black,
Mr. Justice Reed, Mr. Justice Frankfurter, Mr. Justice Douglas, Mr.
Justice Murphy, Mr. Justice Jackson, and Mr. Justice Rutledge.
Joseph John Yovino-Young, of Albany, Calif.; Searing Ward
East, of Chicago, Ill.; Clay A. Phillips, of Terre Haute, Ind.; Edwin
J. Friedman, of Seattle, Wash.; David Ferber, of Philadelphia, Pa.;
Herbert A. Berman, of New York City; Louis A. Marchisio, of New
York City; Vincente I. Singian, of Washington, D. C.; David P.
Doyle, of Warwick, R. I.; Douglas L. C. Jones, of Saint Louis, Mo.;
A. P. Madrigal, of Manila, P. I.; and David V. Manker, of Nashville,
Tenn., were admitted to practice.
No. 806. Alma Motor Company, petitioner, v. The Timken-Detroit
Axle Company and The United States of America. Argument con-
tinued by Mr. Assistant Attorney General Shea for the respondent,
the United States; by Mr. William A. Strauch for respondent, Timken-
Detroit Axle Company; and concluded by Mr. I. Joseph Farley for
the petitioner.
No. 699. Beatrice L. Goldstone and Eugene L. Bondy, Executors,
etc., petitioners, v. The United States of America. Argued by Mr.
Eugene L. Bondy for the petitioners and by Mr. Loring W. Post for
the respondent.
No. 470. American Power & Light Company, petitioner, v. Securi-
ties and Exchange Commission. Argued by Mr. R. A. Henderson
for the petitioner and by Mr. Roger S. Foster for the respondent.
No. 815. Securities and Exchange Commission, petitioner, v.
Samuel Okin. Argued by Mr. Roger S. Foster for the petitioner and
by Mr. Samuel Okin for the respondent.
No. 914. Chester Bowles, Administrator, etc., petitioner, v. Semi-
nole Rock and Sand Company. Leave granted Mr. Henry M. Hart,
Jr., to appear and present oral argument for the petitioner pro hac
vice, on motion of Mr. Paul M. Freund in that behalf. Argument
commenced by Mr. Henry M. Hart, Jr., for the petitioner, pro hac vice,
by special leave of Court.
Adjourned until tomorrow at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Friday, April 27, will be as follows: Nos. 914, 953,
932, 205, 663, 853, 955, 956, 1016 (and 1017), and 1189.
☑
597362-45-89

FRIDAY, APRIL 27, 1945
237
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: The Chief Justice, Mr. Justice Roberts, Mr. Justice Black,
Mr. Justice Reed, Mr. Justice Frankfurter, Mr. Justice Douglas, Mr.
Justice Murphy, Mr. Justice Jackson, and Mr. Justice Rutledge.
Roger A. Fortuna, of Ilion, N. Y.; Warren David Chandler, of
Arlington, Va.; Paul E. Brown, of Watertown, N. Y.; Thomas F.
Kilroy, of Alexandria, Va.; James C. Maher, of Cleveland, Ohio;
Russell L. Hiller, of Reading, Pa.; Valera Grapp, of Pittsburgh, Pa.;
John J. Peacock, of Weiser, Idaho; Arthur S. Stewart, of Pittsburgh,
Pa.; John M. Wright, of New York City; Thomas Bress, of New York
City; Walter M. Evans, of Richmond, Va.; Luther N. Hussey, of
Washington, D. C.; and Francis V. B. Giolma, of Pittsburgh, Pa.,
were admitted to practice.
No. 995. Simon Metrik, petitioner, v. Fort Tryon Gardens, Inc.
Time within which to file petition for rehearing extended to and
including May 24, next, on motion of counsel for the petitioner.
No. 914. Chester Bowles, Administrator, etc., petitioner, v. Sem-
inole Rock & Sand Company. Argument continued by Mr. Henry M.
Hart, Jr., for the petitioner, pro hac vice, by special leave of Court; by
Mr. Robert H. Anderson for the respondent; and concluded by Mr.
Henry M. Hart, Jr., for the petitioner, pro hac vice, by special leave
of Court.
No. 953. John F. X. Finn, as Trustee of Childs Company, peti-
tioner, v. Burton C. Meighan, Jr., as substituted trustee, etc. Argued
by Mr. Joseph Lorenz for the petitioner and by Mr. Burton C.
Meighan, Jr., for the respondent.
No. 932. Trust u/w of Mary Lily (Flagler) Bingham et al., peti-
tioners, v. Commissioner of Internal Revenue. Argued by Mr. Arthur
A. Ballantine for the petitioners and by Mr. Ralph F. Fuchs for the
respondent.
No. 205. In re Clyde Wilson Summers, petitioner. Argument com-
menced by Mr. Julien Cornell for the petitioner and continued by
Mr. William C. Wines for the respondents (Justices of the Supremè
Court of Illinois).
Adjourned until Monday, next, at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Monday, April 30, will be as follows: Nos. 205,
663, 853, 955, 956, 1016 (and 1017), 1189, and 1190.
597362-45-90

Reprint
MONDAY, APRIL 30, 1945
238
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: The Chief Justice, Mr. Justice Roberts, Mr. Justice Black,
Mr. Justice Reed, Mr. Justice Frankfurter, Mr. Justice Douglas, Mr.-
Justice Murphy, Mr. Justice Jackson, and Mr. Justice Rutledge.
Willam Harold Cox, of Jackson, Miss.; James Snedeker, of Hono--
lulu, T. H.; Benjamin T. Woodall, of Austin, Tex.; Arch K. Schoch,-
Jr., of High Point, N. C.; Roberts Tunis, of Boston, Mass.; Donald
H. Corson, of Kansas City, Kans.; F. Mark Garlinghouse, of New
York City; Leland L. Yost, of Arlington, Va.; Rigmor O. Carlsen,
of Santa Barbara, Calif.; Kenneth Carlton Zwerin, of San Fran-
cisco, Calif.; Henry S. Blum, of Chicago, Ill.; Joseph A. Cohen, of
Fall River, Mass.; and Paul V. McDonough, of Fall River, Mass.,
were admitted to practice.
No. 486. The Hoover Company, petitioner, v. Conway P. Coe,.
Commissioner of Patents. On writ of certiorari to the United States
Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia. Judgment reversed
and cause remanded to the said Court of Appeals for further proceed-
ings in conformity with the opinion of this Court. Opinion by Mr.
Justice Roberts.
The Chief Justice announced the following orders of the Court:
No. 1076. Donald F. Wood, appellant, v. The State of Mississippi.-
Appeal from the Supreme Court of Mississippi. Per curiam: The
motion for leave to proceed in forma pauperis is granted. The ap-
peal is dismissed for want of jurisdiction. Sec. 237 (a), Judicial
Code, as amended, 28 U. S. C., sec. 344 (a). Treating the papers
whereon the appeal was allowed as a petition for writ of certiorari
as required by sec. 237 (c) of the Judicial Code as amended, 28
U. S. C., sec. 344 (c), certiorari is denied.
No. 1059. Securities and Exchange Commission, petitioner, v..
Long Island Lighting Company. On writ of certiorari to the Circuit
Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit. Per curiam: It appear-
ing that the cause has become moot, the judgment of the Circuit Court
of Appeals is vacated and the case is remanded to the District Court:
with directions to dismiss the complaint.
597362-45-91

MONDAY, APRIL 30, 1945
The Chief Justice said:
239
"The other orders of the Court appear upon the list certified by the
Chief Justice and filed with the Clerk and will not be announced
orally."
No. . In the matter of J. Whitla Stinson. J. Whitla Stinson, of
Washington, D. C., having resigned as a member of the Bar of this
Court, it is ordered that his name be stricken from the roll of attor-
neys admitted to practice in this Court.
No. . John W. Morton, petitioner, v. The United States. The
motion for leave to file petition for writ of mandamus is denied.
No. 1081. Bernard B. Bailey, appellant, v. J. A. Anderson, State
Highway Commissioner of Virginia. Further consideration of the
question of the jurisdiction of this Court in this case is postponed to
the hearing of the case on the merits, and the case is transferred to the
summary docket. The Court desires to hear oral argument only upon
the questions whether this Court has jurisdiction of the case, and
whether appellant was denied interest upon his condemnation award
in violation of the Fourteenth Amendment.
No. 1097. Automatic Paper Machinery Company, Inc., petitioner,
v. Marcalus Manufacturing Company, Inc., and Nicholas Marcalus.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of Appeals for
the Third Circuit granted.
No. 948. The John Kelley Company, petitioner, v. Commissioner
of Internal Revenue. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit
Court of Appeals for the Seventh Circuit granted and the case trans-
ferred to the summary docket.
No. 1070. Talbot Mills, petitioner, v. Commissioner of Internal
Revenue. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of
Appeals for the First Circuit granted. The case is transferred to the
summary docket and assigned for argument immediately following
No. 948.
No. 1089. Better Business Bureau of Washington, D. C., Inc., peti-
tioner, v. The United States of America. Petition for writ of certiorari
to the United States Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia
granted and the case transferred to the summary docket.
No. 1049. Dwight D. Kinne, Charles H. Kinne, and Lelia M.
Kinne, petitioners, v. Starr King School for the Ministry. Petition
for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of Appeals for the Ninth
Circuit denied.
No. 1057. Frederick C. Mergner, petitioner, v. The United States
of America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court
of Appeals for the District of Columbia denied.

MONDAY, APRIL 30, 1945
240
No. 1061. W. W. Hinchliffe, petitioner, v. The Texas Company,
Ohio Oil Company, et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court
of Civil Appeals, 3d Supreme Judicial District, State of Texas, denied.
No. 1062. Herman C. Hancock, Jr., petitioner, v. Oliver H. Stout,
Colonel, Army of the United States, etc. Petition for writ of certiorari
to the Circuit Court of Appeals for the Fourth Circuit denied.
No. 1071. Alex Rinko, petitioner, v. The United States of Amer-
ica. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of Appeals
for the Seventh Circuit denied.
No. 1072. Stanley John Flakowicz, petitioner, v. The United States
of America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of
Appeals for the Second Circuit denied.
No. 1073. Homer Franklin Parsons, petitioner, v. The United
States of America; and
No. 1074. Otto Anfin Jensen, petitioner, v. The United States of
America. Petition for writs of certiorari to the Circuit Court of
Appeals for the Second Circuit denied.
No. 1075. Joseph Metzinger, petitioner, v. Louise Metzinger. Pe-
tition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Michigan denied.
No. 1083. Murray Cohen, petitioner, v. The United States of
America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of
Appeals for the Second Circuit denied.
No. 1087. International Ladies' Garment Workers' Union et al.,.
petitioners, v. Donnelly Garment Company et al. Petition for writ
of certiorari to the Circuit Court of Appeals for the Eighth Circuit
denied.
No. 1088. Emanuel Deutsch, individually, etc., petitioner, v. Her-
man Hoge, Arthur Hoge, et al., etc. Petition for writ of certiorari
to the Circuit Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit denied.
No. 1122. Brotherhood of Locomotive Firemen and Enginemen
et al., petitioners, v. Chicago, North Shore & Milwaukee Railroad
Company. (John B. Gallagher and Edward J. Quinn, Trustees).
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of Appeals for the
Seventh Circuit denied.
No. 548. Albert Velasco, petitioner, v. Joseph E. Ragen, Warden,.
etc.;
No. 615. Dewey Gooch, petitioner, v. W. G. Nierstheimer, Warden,
etc.;
No. 617. Albert Walker, petitioner, v. Joseph E. Ragen, Warden,.
etc.;
No. 1118. Weston Stewart, petitioner, v. Joseph E. Ragen, Warden,
etc.;

པོ
MONDAY, APRIL 30, 1945
241
No. 1133. Joseph Levanowicz, petitioner, v. Joseph E. Ragen,
Warden, etc.;
No. 1134. Casimer Jablonski, petitioner, v. Joseph E. Ragen,
Warden, etc.;
No. 1135. Henry Napue, petitioner, v. Joseph E. Ragen, Warden,
etc.;
No. 1136. Robert G. Banks, petitioner, v. Joseph E. Ragen, Warden,
etc.;
No. 1137. Robert Harp, petitioner, v. Joseph E. Ragen, Warden,
etc.;
No. 1142. Albert C. Woods, petitioner, v. Joseph E. Ragen,
Warden, etc.;
No. 1153. Frank Annuzio, petitioner, v. Walter Nierstheimer,
Warden, etc.;
No. 1156. Fred Singer, petitioner, v. Joseph E. Ragen, Warden,
etc.;
No. 1164. Francis Haines, petitioner, v. Walter Nierstheimer,
Warden, etc; and
No. 1173. James McGregor, petitioner, v. Joseph E. Ragen,
Warden, etc. On petitions for writs of certiorari to the Supreme
Court of Illinois. The motions for leave to proceed in forma pauperis
are granted. The petitions for writs of certiorari are denied.
No. 695. Charles F. DeJordan, petitioner, v. Walter A. Hunter,
Warden, etc. On petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court
of Appeals for the Tenth Circuit;
No. 908. Joseph E. Moses, petitioner, v. James A. Johnston,
Warden, etc. On petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court
of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit;
No. 1025. Lowell Ator, petitioner, v. The People of the State of
Illinois. On petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of
Illinois;
No. 1042. George L. Sullivan, petitioner, v. State of Florida. On
petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Florida;
No. 1056. Antonio G. Catovolo, petitioner, v. Major General Louis
Hibbs, Commanding General, etc., et al. On petition for writ of
certiorari to the Circuit Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit;
No. 1078. George M. Mayborn, petitioner, v. General Heflebower,
United States Army. On petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit
Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit;
No. 1086. Earl William Hoelscher, petitioner, v. State of Indiana.
On petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Indiana;
No. 1155. James Carter, petitioner, v. People of the State of Illi-
nois. On petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of
Illinois; and

MONDAY, APRIL 30, 1945
242
No. 1180. Max M. Medley, petitioner, v. State of Missouri. On pe-
tition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Missouri. The
motions for leave to proceed in forma pauperis are granted. The peti-
tions for writs of certiorari are denied.
No. 1098. Joe Hinkle, petitioner, v. State of Indiana. The motion
for leave to proceed in forma pauperis is granted. The petition for
writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Indiana is denied for the
reason that application therefor was not made within the time pro-
vided by law. Sec. 8 (a), Act of February 13, 1925 (43 Stat. 936, 940),
28 U. S. C., sec. 350.
No.. Ex parte William M. Lee, petitioner ;
No. 379. Colorado Interstate Gas Company, petitioner, v. Federal
Power Commission et al.;
No. 380. Canadian River Gas Company, petitioner, v. Federal
Power Commission et al.;
No. 809. Jack A. McCoy, petitioner, v. M. J. Pescor, Warden, etc.;
No. 935. Louis Compagna et al., petitioners, v. The United States
of America;
No. 946. Louis Kaufman, petitioner, v. The United States of Amer-
ica; and
No. 1027. Edward Mallinckrodt, Jr., petitioner, v. Commissioner
of Internal Revenue. The petitions for rehearing are denied.
No. 296. Panhandle Eastern Pipe Line Company et al., petitioners,
v. Federal Power Commission et al. It is ordered that the opinion
of the Court in this case be amended by substituting for the two
sentences on page 7 which read, “But it does not appear that peti-
tioner requested the Commission to make a segregation of the prop-
erties used in the two classes of business. No such request was in-
cluded in the petition for rehearing.", the following: "Petitioner
asserts that it also requested the Commission to make a segregation
of the properties used in the two classes of business. No such request,
however, was included in the petition for rehearing."
The petition for rehearing is denied.
ORDER
It is ordered that the call of the docket, except for special assign-
ments, be suspended for the term upon the conclusion of the argument
of case No. 1190, and that the Court will then take a recess until
Monday, May 7, from that day until Monday, May 21, and from that
day until Monday, May 28, upon which day it will adjourn for the
term unless otherwise ordered.

MONDAY, APRIL 30, 1945
243
No motions, except motions for admission to practice, will be re-
ceived after the session next before the date fixed for adjournment
of the term.
No. 1148. J. Philip Murphy, C. Dudley De Velbiss and Y. C.
Soda, petitioners, v. The United States District Court for the Northern
District of California, etc. On petition for writ of certiorari to the
Circuit Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit. Dismissed per stipu-
lation of counsel.
No. 205. In re Clyde Wilson Summers, petitioner. Argument con-
cluded by Mr. William C. Wines for the respondents (Justices of the
Supreme Court of Illinois).
No. 663. The United States of America and Interstate Commerce
Commission, appellants, v. Capital Transit Company et al. Argued
by Mr. Paul A. Freund for the appellant, The United States; by Mr.
Daniel W. Knowlton for the appellant, Interstate Commerce Com-
mission; by Mr. Henry E. Ketner for the appellee, State Corporation
Commission of the State of Virginia; and by Mr. Robert E. Quirk for
the appellees, Alexandria, Barcroft and Washington Transit Co. et al.
No. 853. L. C. Akins, petitioner, v. The State of Texas. Argu-
ment commenced by Mr. A. S. Baskett for the petitioner and con-
tinued by Mr. Benjamin T. Woodall for the respondent.
Adjourned until tomorrow at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Tuesday, May 1, will be as follows: Nos. 853, 955,
956, 1016 (and 1017), 1189, and 1190.

TUESDAY, MAY 1, 1945
244
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: The Chief Justice, Mr. Justice Roberts, Mr. Justice Black,
Mr. Justice Reed, Mr. Justice Frankfurter, Mr. Justice Douglas, Mr.
Justice Murphy, and Mr. Justice Rutledge.
Nell Agnes Sanders, of Memphis, Tenn.; Paul Vernon House, of
Newark, Ohio; Clogne Edward Tate, of Champaign, Ill.; Julius J.
Hirschfeld, of Champaign, Ill.; Olcott D. Smith, of Hartford, Conn.;
Stanley L. Kennedy, of Coxsackie, N. Y.; George Thomas Washing-
ton, of Ithaca, N. Y; John M. Dalton, of Kennett, Mo.; George W.
Whittaker, of New York City; Thomas W. Korb, of Wauwatosa, Wis.;
Maxwell H. Herriott, of Milwaukee, Wis.; William Goldman, of
Chicago, Ill.; C. Booker Powell, of Washington, D. C.; Edwin Mc-
Carthy, of La Fayette, Ind.; and Ethel B. Clein, of Seattle, Wash.,
were admitted to practice.
No. 853. L. C. Atkins, petitioner, v. The State of Texas. Argument
continued by Mr. Benjamin T. Woodall for the respondent and con-
cluded by Mr. W. J. Durham for the petitioner.
No. 955. L. Metcalfe Walling, Administrator, etc., petitioner, v.
Youngerman-Reynolds Hardwood Company, Inc. Argued by Mr.
Douglas B. Maggs for the petitioner and Mr. Fred S. Ball, Jr., for the
respondent.
No. 956. L. Metcalfe Walling, Administrator, etc., petitioner, v.
Harnischfeger Corporation. Argued by Mr. Irving J. Levy for the
petitioner and by Mr. Leo Mann for the respondent.
No. 1016. United States Alkali Export Association, Inc., et al., peti-
tioners, v. The United States of America; and
No. 1017. California Alkali Export Association et al., petitioners,
v. the United States of America. Argument commenced by Mr.
William Dwight Whitney for the petitioners.
Adjourned until tomorrow at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Wednesday, May 2, will be as follows: Nos. 1016
(and 1017), 1189, and 1190.
☑
597362-45-92

WEDNESDAY, MAY 2, 1945
245
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: The Chief Justice, Mr. Justice Roberts, Mr. Justice Black,
Mr. Justice Reed, Mr. Justice Frankfurter, Mr. Justice Douglas, Mr.
Justice Murphy, Mr. Justice Jackson, and Mr. Justice Rutledge.
Raymond C. Gericke, of Oakland, Calif.; Charles E. Nichols, Jr.,
of Washington, D. C.; Glen P. Gannon, of Washington, D. C.; John
S. Stanley, of Baltimore, Md.; Charles Marshall Hogan, of Columbus,
Ohio; Timothy S. Hogan, of Cincinnati, Ohio; W. Dean Mathis, of
Washington, D. C.; James W. Mackle, Jr., of Arlington, Va.; and
Glenn Thomas, of Kansas City, Mo., were admitted to practice.
No. 1016. United States Alkali Export Association, Inc., et al.,
petitioners, v. The United States of America; and
No. 1017. California Alkali Export Association et al., petitioners,
v. The United States of America. Argument continued by Mr.
William Dwight Whitney for the petitioners; by Mr. Assistant At-
torney General Berge for the respondent; and concluded by Mr. Wil-
liam Dwight Whitney for the petitioners.
No. 1189. De Beers Consolidated Mines, Ltd., et al., petitioners, v.
The United States of America; and
No. 1190. Societe Internationale Forestiere et Miniere du Congo
and Companhia de Diamantes de Angola, petitioners, v. The United
States of America. Argued by Mr. William Dwight Whitney for the
petitioners in No. 1189; by Mr. John M. Harlan for the petitioners
in No. 1190; and by Mr. Herbert A. Berman for the respondent.
Adjourned until Monday, May 7 next, at 12 o'clock.
☑
597362-45-93

MONDAY, MAY 7, 1945
246
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: The Chief Justice, Mr. Justice Roberts, Mr. Justice Black,
Mr. Justice Reed, Mr. Justice Frankfurter, Mr. Justice Douglas, Mr.
Justice Murphy, Mr. Justice Jackson, and Mr. Justice Rutledge.
George Edward Allen, of Fort Myers, Fla.; Charles S. H. Lock-
man, of Baltimore, Md.; Calvert Thomas, of Baltimore, Md.; Samuel
Branch Walker, of Boise, Idaho; Frederick E. Lange, of Minneapolis,
Minn.; H. Burton Powers, of Boston, Mass.; Thomas A. Steele,
Jr., of Washington, D. C.; David Matthew Kennedy, of Washing-
ton, D. C.; Henry Alexander Milne, of Barre City, Vt.; Kenneth W.
Gemmill, of Philadelphia, Pa.; Richard L. Firestone, of Lisbon, Ohio;
Leonard H. Muller, of Detroit, Mich.; Irving L. Goldberg, of Dallas,
Tex.; L. N. D. Wells, Jr., of Fort Worth, Tex.; Wayland B. Cedar-
quist, of Chicago, Ill.; J. M. Hargraves, of Chattanooga, Tenn.; and
James B. C. Howe, of Washington, D. C., were admitted to practice.
No. 721. Jewell Ridge Coal Corporation, petitioner, v. Local No.
6167, United Mine Workers of America, an unincorporated associa-
tion, etc., et al. On writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit
Court of Appeals for the Fourth Circuit. Judgment affirmed with
costs and cause remanded to the District Court of the United States
for the Western District of Virginia. Opinion by Mr. Justice
Murphy. Dissenting opinion by Mr. Justice Jackson in which the
Chief Justice, Mr. Justice Roberts, and Mr. Justice Frankfurter join.
No. 42. M. Claude Screws, Frank Edward Jones, and Jim Bob
Kelly, petitioners, v. The United States of America. On writ of
certiorari to the Circuit Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit.
Judgment reversed and cause remanded to the District Court of the
United States for the Middle District of Georgia for further pro-
ceedings in conformity with the opinion of this Court. Opinion by
Mr. Justice Douglas. Opinion by Mr. Justice Rutledge concurring
in the result. Dissenting opinion by Mr. Justice Murphy. Dissent-
ing opinion by Mr. Justice Roberts, Mr. Justice Frankfurter, and
Mr. Justice Jackson, announced by Mr. Justice Frankfurter.
The Chief Justice said:
"The orders of the Court appear upon the list certified by the Chief
Justice and filed with the Clerk and will not be announced orally."
597362-45–
-94

MONDAY, MAY 7, 1945
247
No. 665. Line Material Company and William O. Schultz, peti-
tioners, v. Conway P. Coe, Commissioner of Patents. On petition for
writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the Dis-
trict of Columbia. Per curiam: The petition for writ of certiorari is
granted. The judgment is reversed on the authority of Hoover Co.
v. Coe, decided April 30, 1945, and the cause is remanded to the said
Court of Appeals for further proceedings.
No.. Ex parte William H. Alexander, petitioner;
No.. Ex parte Earl Watson, petitioner; and
No.. Ralph Barton Butz, petitioner, v. E. M. Stubblefield et al.
The motions for leave to file petitions for writs of habeas corpus are
denied.
No.
-
Edward Newman, petitioner, v. E. M. Stubblefield. The
motion for leave to file petition for writ of certiorari is denied.
No. 1125. The United States of America and Federal Communica-
tions Commission, appellants, v. New York Telephone Company. In
this case probable jurisdiction is noted and the case is transferred to
the summary docket.
No. 1158. Joachim O. Fernandez, United States Collector of In-
ternal Revenue, appellant, v. Samuel G. Wiener et al.; and
No. 1159. The United States of America, appellant, v. Henry
Rompel, Jr., Administrator, etc. In these cases probable jurisdiction
is noted.
No. 1082. Glass City Bank of Jeannette, Pennsylvania, petitioner,
v. The United States of America. Petition for writ of certiorari to
the Circuit Court of Appeals for the Third Circuit granted.
No. 1085. Forest E. Levers, Administrator, etc., petitioner, v. A. V.
Anderson, District Supervisor, Alcohol Tax Unit. Petition for writ
of certiorari to the Circuit Court of Appeals for the Tenth Circuit
granted.
No. 1029. Maryland Casualty Company, petitioner, v. County of
Allegheny, a political subdivision of the Commonwealth of Pennsyl-
vania; and
No. 1099. County of Allegheny, Pennsylvania, petitioner, v. Mary-
land Casualty Company. Petitions for writs of certiorari to the Cir-
cuit Court of Appeals for the Third Circuit denied.
No. 1043. James H. O'Hara, petitioner, v. District of Columbia.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the District of Columbia denied.
No. 1047. Blaise Pasqua, Mildred Ferris, and Mary Lee Hendrix,
petitioners, v. The United States of America. Petition for writ of
certiorari to the Circuit Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit denied.

MONDAY, MAY 7, 1945
248
No. 1063. C. H. McLain et al., petitioners, v. E. E. Lance et al.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of Appeals for the
Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 1077. 75 Cases, more or less, each containing 24 jars of peanut
butter, etc., et al., petitioners, v. The United States of America. Peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of Appeals for the
Fourth Circuit denied.
No. 1084. Kraft Cheese Company, petitioner, v. Conway P. Coe,
Commissioner of Patents. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United
States Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia denied.
No. 1103. Grazia Fantini, as Administratrix, etc., petitioner, v.
Reading Company. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court
of Appeals for the Third Circuit denied.
No. 1117. A. H. Kasishke, Coralena Oil Company, and Olive
Drilling Company, petitioners, v. B. A. Baker. Petition for writ of
certiorari to the Circuit Court of Appeals for the Tenth Circuit
denied.
No. 1121. John F. X. Finn, as Trustee of Childs Company, peti-
tioner, v. The 415 Fifth Avenue Company, Inc. Petition for writ of
certiorari to the Circuit Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit
denied.
No. 1124. National Homeopathic Hospital Association of the Dis-
trict of Columbia et al., petitioners, v. Theodore Britton, Deputy Com-
missioner, etc. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia denied.
No. 1090. Alfonso Diuguid, petitioner, v. The United States of
America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of
Appeals for the Second Circuit denied.
No. 1100. Richard A. Engler, petitioner, v. General Electric Com-
pany. On petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of
Appeals for the Second Circuit;
No. 1101. R. Miller, petitioner, v. Mississippi & Skuna Valley Rail-
road; and
No. 1102. J. L. Oakley, petitioner, v. Mississippi & Skuna Valley
Railroad. On petition for writs of certiorari to the Circuit Court
of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit;
No. 1184. Norman Haiges, petitioner, v. Joseph E. Ragen, War-
den, etc.; and
No. 1202. Gale E. Swolley, petitioner, v. Joseph E. Ragen, War-
den, etc. On petitions for writs of certiorari to the Supreme Court of
Illinois. The motions for leave to proceed in forma pauperis are
granted. The petitions for writs of certiorari are denied.

MONDAY, MAY 7, 1945
249
No. 1141. John Fuhs, petitioner, v. People of the State of Illinois.
On petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Illinois.
The motion for leave to proceed in forma pauperis is granted. The
petition for writ of certiorari is denied. The motion for leave to file
petition for writ of habeas corpus is also denied.
No. 897, October Term, 1936. Cassius McDonald, petitioner, v.
The United States of America;
No. 520, October Term, 1941. Cassius McDonald, petitioner, v.
Robert H. Hudspeth, Warden, etc.; and
No. 477, October Term, 1943. Cassius McDonald, petitioner, v.
The United States of America. Petition for rehearing and for other
relief denied.
No. 38. The Hooven & Allison Company, petitioner, v. William S.
Evatt, Tax Commissioner of Ohio;
No. 354. Commissioner of Internal Revenue, petitioner, v. Elliott
H. Wheeler et al., executors, etc., et al.;
No. 614. Meurer Steel Barrell Company, Inc., petitioner, v. Com-
missioner of Internal Revenue;
No. 922. Atlantic Company, petitioner, v. A. Broughton et al.;
No. 923. Atlantic Company, petitioner, v. Emanuel Carthan et al.;
No. 966. R. Bernard Dickey, petitioner, v. Raisin Proration Zone
No. 1 et al.; and
No. 1065. Oil Workers International Union, Local 463, et al., peti-
tioners, v. Texoma Natural Gas Company. Petitions for rehearing
denied.
Adjourned until Monday, May 21 next, at 12 o'clock.
×

MONDAY, MAY 21, 1945
250
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: The Chief Justice, Mr. Justice Roberts, Mr. Justice Black,
Mr. Justice Reed, Mr. Justice Frankfurter, Mr. Justice Douglas, Mr.
Justice Murphy, Mr. Justice Jackson, and Mr. Justice Rutledge.
Hilda D. Shea, of Washington, D. C.; William M. Siegenthaler, of
Tulsa, Okla.; David Meade Feild, of Macon, Ga.; David Reich, of
New York City; Zolla B. Hyde, of Tulsa, Okla.; David U. Patton,
of Athens, Ala.; Willard K. White, of Dallas, Tex.; Marian L. Ran-
dall, of Vallejo, Calif.; Ellis R. Randall, of Vallejo, Calif.; Jane
Brannon, of Tampa, Fla.; Robert F. Proctor, of Fort Worth, Tex.;
Beloit Taylor, of Little Rock, Ark.; Earle W. Moorhead, of Little
Rock, Ark.; Arthur W. Weber, of Toledo, Ohio; Maurice W. Covert,
of Houston, Mo.; Hazel E. Horton, of Washington, D. C.; Wm.
Geo. Bennett Crain, of Washington, D. C.; William Langdon Kim-
ball, of Bradenton, Fla.; John F. Frederick, of Muskegon, Mich.;
Richard Garfield Jeffers, of Wenatchee, Wash.; Paul W. Walter, of
Cleveland, Ohio; Robert H. Frazier, of Greensboro, N. C.; Felicia I.
Hmiel, of Washington, D. C.; Edward V. McKeown, of New York
City; Bernard H. Sokol, of Chicago, Ill.; Robert S. Ashby, of Ladoga,
Ind.; Walter N. Kuntz, Jr., of Los Angeles, Calif.; Anne Elizabeth
Lally, of Washington, D. C.; Arthur P. Zirkaloso, of Lincoln Park,
Mich.; Joseph Brandwene, of New York City; Allan Eli Cohan, of
Baltimore, Md.; Martin Klein, of New York City; Irving B. Grand-
berg, of Baltimore, Md.; Gaylord Anderson, of Washington, D. C.;
Hobart Roosevelt House, of Washington, D. C.; Winston C. Allen, of
Columbus, Ohio; Jacquin David Bierman, of New York City; Thomas
Ethridge Thrift, of Birmingham, Ala.; Lewis Knox Cato, of Bir-
mingham, Ala.; Paschal P. Vacca, of Birmingham, Ala.; Robert
Lucius Thompson, of Wellesley, Mass.; Freeland Franklin Penney, of
New York City; Samuel J. Singer, of New York City; Edwin M.
Woods, of Washington, D. C.; Geo. A. Ferris, of New York City;
Edwin J. Morrell, of Sutersville, Pa.; Donald C. Knapp, of Green-
ville, Pa.; Mary K. Fagan, of Casey, Iowa; Cortlandt Poey, of
Flushing, N. Y.; Harry Goodgold, of Chicago, Ill.; Raymond Evans
Small, of New Rochelle, N. Y.; Whitney Robson Harris, of Los
Angeles, Calif.; Richard E. Cross, of Detroit, Mich.; Henry J. Stein,
of Brookline, Mass.; Jerome Tannenbaum, of Arlington, Va.; David
Peterman, of Yonkers, N. Y.; Albert M. Herrmann, of New Haven,
597362-45-95

MONDAY, MAY 21, 1945
251
Conn.; Paul E. Iverson, of Los Angeles, Calif.; Harold L. Patterson,
of Dallas, Tex.; William E. Remy, Jr., of San Antonio, Tex.; Charles
O. Patterson, of Fort Worth, Tex.; Robt. B. Jacoby, of Cincinnati,
Ohio; Walter D. Freyburger, of New York City; William Thomson,
of Washington, D. C.; Henry L. Doyle, of Washington, D. C.; Hol-
land M. Gary, of Zanesville, Ohio; Clyde W. Fiddes, of Minneapolis,
Minn.; Alice Elizabeth Culhane Fiddes, of Minneapolis, Minn.;
Ralph W. Jones, of Cleveland, Ohio; Earl S. MacArthur, of New
York City; Kenneth Richard Malovos, of San Jose, Calif.; Harry S.
Hyman, of Knoxville, Tenn.; Robert Conroy, of Washington, D. C.;
Pierce W. Gaines, of New York City; Glen McDaniel, of New York
City; James T. Hill, Jr., of New York City; Jerome D. Rosenfield,
of Los Angeles, Calif.; Robert I. Rudolph, of Washington, D. C.;
Gale P. Gotschall, of Washington, D. C.; Jesse Feldman, of San
Francisco, Calif.; W. Bernard Richland, of New York City; Bruce
L. Barfield, of Miami, Fla.; Louis A. Tepper, of New York City;
Roger E. Johnson, of Los Angeles, Calif.; DeWitt Williams, of
Seattle, Wash.; Eugene M. Giles, Jr., of Western Springs, Ill.;
Q. Baxter Warner, of Chicago, Ill.; Milton E. Moskau, of Grand
Forks, N. Dak.; Carl B. Klein, of Chicago, Ill.; Lawrence E. Rollins,
of Charleston, W. Va.; Milton S. Musser, of Washington, D. C.; John
K. Carlock, of Phoenix, Ariz.; Thomas Todd, of Seattle, Wash.;
Ernest O. Eisenberg, of Arlington, Va.; Abraham Tunick, of Port
Chester, N. Y.; Arnold B. Christen, of Washington, D. C.; Leo Victor
Silverstein, of Los Angeles, Calif.; Samuel J. Foosaner, of Newark,
N. J.; Samuel S. Saiber, of Newark, N. J.; Elizabeth W. Weston, of
New York City; Eleanor Schwartzbach, of Wilkes-Barre, Pa.; Ken-
neth P. Gregg, Sr., of Washington, D. C.; Robert B. Ely III, of
Merion, Pa.; Walter Seabrook Chillingworth, of Washington, D. C.;
Edmund O'Hare, of New York City; Robert B. Heinkel, of New York
City; John A. Gifford, of New York City; William L. Williams, of
New York City; Neal M. Welch, of New York City; Christopher W.
Wilson, Jr., of New York City; John H. Lumpkin, of New York
City; Brackley Shaw, of New York City; Rowley Bialla, of New
York City; and Charles Keating Rice, of New York City, were ad-
mitted to practice.
No. 110. Chase Securities Corporation, now known as Amerex
Holding Corporation, appellant, v. Frank A. Donaldson and Frank A.
Donaldson, Jr., Executors, etc. Appeal from the Supreme Court of
the State of Minnesota. Judgment affirmed with costs. Opinion by
Mr. Justice Jackson. Mr. Justice Douglas took no part in the con-
sideration or decision of this case.

MONDAY, MAY 21, 1945
252
No. 446. Ambassador, Inc., Washington-Annapolis Hotel Com-
pany et al., appellants, v. The United States of America, American
Telephone & Telegraph Company et al. Appeal from the District
Court of the United States for the District of Columbia. Judgment
affirmed. Opinion by Mr. Justice Jackson. Mr. Justice Black and
Mr. Justice Douglas took no part in the consideration or decision of
this case.
No. 656. Sinclair & Carroll Company, Inc., petitioner, v. Inter-
chemical Corporation. On writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of
Appeals for the Second Circuit. Judgment reversed with costs and
cause remanded to the District Court of the United States for the
Southern District of New York for further proceedings in conformity
with the opinion of this Court. Opinion by Mr. Justice Jackson. Mr.
Justice Black and Mr. Justice Douglas concur in the result.
No. 953. John F. X. Finn, as Trustee of Childs Company, peti-
tioner, v. Burton C. Meighan, Jr., as substituted trustee under the last
will and testament of William T. Wood, deceased. On writ of cer-
tiorari to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Second
Circuit. Judgment affirmed with costs and cause remanded to the
District Court of the United States for the Southern District of New
York. Opinion by Mr. Justice Douglas.
No. 84. O. B. Williams and Lillie Shaver Hendrix, petitioners, v.
The State of North Carolina. On writ of certiorari to the Supreme
Court of the State of North Carolina. Judgment affirmed with costs.
Opinion by Mr. Justice Frankfurter. Concurring opinion by Mr.
Justice Murphy in which the Chief Justice and Mr. Justice Jackson
join. Dissenting opinion by Mr. Justice Rutledge. Dissenting opin-
ion by Mr. Justice Black in which Mr. Justice Douglas joins.
No. 20. William F. Esenwein, petitioner, v. Commonwealth ex rel.
May H. Esenwein. On writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of the
State of Pennsylvania. Judgment affirmed with costs. Opinion by
Mr. Justice Frankfurter. Concurring opinion by Mr. Justice Douglas
in which Mr. Justice Black joins. Concurring opinion by Mr. Justice
Rutledge.
No. 710. Commissioner of Internal Revenue, petitioner, v. Estate
of Edward T. Bedford, Title Guarantee and Trust Company, Execu-
tor. On writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of
Appeals for the Second Circuit. Judgment reversed and cause re- ·
manded to the said Circuit Court of Appeals for further proceedings
in conformity with the opinion of this Court. Opinion by Mr.
Justice Frankfurter.
No. 610. Angelus Milling Company, petitioner, v. Commissioner of
Internal Revenue. On writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit
Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit. Judgment affirmed and
་

MONDAY, MAY 21, 1945
253
cause remanded to the said Circuit Court of Appeals. Opinion by
Mr. Justice Frankfurter. Dissenting: Mr. Justice Douglas.
No. 1189. De Beers Consolidated Mines, Ltd., Diamond Corpora-
tion, Ltd., and Diamond Trading Company, Ltd., petitioners, v. The
United States of America; and
No. 1190. Societe Internationale Forestiere et Miniere du Congo
and Companhia de Diamantes de Angola, petitioners, v. The United
States of America. On writs of certiorari to the District Court of the
United States for the Southern District of New York. Judgment
reversed and cases remanded to the said District Court for further
proceedings in conformity with the opinion of this Court. Opinion
by Mr. Justice Roberts. Dissenting opinion by Mr. Justice Douglas
in which Mr. Justice Black, Mr. Justice Murphy, and Mr. Justice
Rutledge concur.
No. 1016. United States Alkali Export Association, Inc., Pittsburgh
Plate Glass Company (Inc.), Church & Dwight Co., Inc., et al., peti-
tioners, v. The United States of America; and
No. 1017. California Alkali Export Association, West End Chemi-
cal Co. (Inc.), Pacific Alkali Co. (Ltd.), petitioners, v. The United
States of America. On writs of certiorari to the District Court of the
United States for the Southern District of New York. Judgment
affirmed. Opinion by Mr. Chief Justice Stone. Mr. Justice Roberts
concurs in part and dissents in part.
The Chief Justice said:
"The orders of the Court appear upon the list certified by the Chief
Justice and filed with the Clerk and will not be announced orally."
No. 1204. Morris Saylor, doing business as Bell Coach Lines, ap-
pellant, v. Straight Creek Bus, Incorporated, et al. Appeal from the
Court of Appeals of Kentucky. Per curiam: The motion to dismiss
is granted and the appeal is dismissed for want of a substantial fed-
eral question. Savage v. Jones, 225 U. S. 501, 533; Carey v. South
Dakota, 250 U. S. 118, 122; Townsend v. Yeomans, 301 U. S. 441, 454;
Allen-Bradley Local v. Board, 315 U. S. 740, 749.
No. 1218. William A. Doss, appellant, v. E. E. Lindsley, Sheriff
of Piatt County, Illinois. Appeal from the Supreme Court of Illi-
nois. Per curiam: The appeal is dismissed for want of jurisdiction.
Sec. 237 (a), Judicial Code as amended, 28 U. S. C., sec. 344 (a).
Treating the papers whereon the appeal was allowed as a petition
for writ of certiorari as required by sec. 237 (c) of the Judicial Code
as amended, 28 U. S. C., sec. 344 (c), certiorari is denied.

MONDAY, MAY 21, 1945
254
No.. Ex parte Vergil D. McMillan, petitioner;
No.
Ex parte Forest G. Wood, petitioner, v. Honorable Luther
M. Swygert, Judge; and
-
No. —. Daisy D. Wilson, petitioner, v. Ralph S. Hinman. Appli-
cations denied.
No.. Ex parte Raymond O. DeMaurez, petitioner; and
No. Harmon M. Waley, petitioner, v. James A. Johnston, War-
den. The motions for leave to file petitions for writs of habaes corpus
are denied.
No.
-
Cecil Snow, petitioner, v. James A. Johnston, Warden.
The motion for leave to file petition for writ of certiorari is denied.
No. Albert R. House, petitioner, v. Nathan Mayo, State Prison
Custodian of Florida. The application for bail and for other relief
is denied.
-
No. 9, original. The State of Illinois, complainant, v. The State of
Indiana et al. The motion for leave to file the amended bill of com-
plaint is granted and process is ordered to issue returnable on or
before August 1, next. The answers heretofore filed to the original
bill may stand as answers to the amended bill if the parties filing
them are so advised.
No. 1253. Vernice G. Davis, petitioner, v. The United States of
America. The application for bail is denied.
No. 85. Central States Electric Company, petitioner, v. City of
Muscatine, Iowa, et al. Ordered that the mandate be recalled and
that the judgment and mandate of this court be amended so as to
provide that the costs of Central States Electric Company be paid
from the $25,708.54 which was separated from the fund paid into the
Circuit Court of Appeals for the Seventh Circuit by the Natural Gas
Pipeline Company of America, rather than by the City of Muscatine,
Iowa.
No. 431. The United States, petitioner, v. Joseph H. Beuttas et al.,
Trading as B-W Construction Co., not Inc. The last paragraph of
the opinion is amended by striking therefrom the sentence: "So far
as the judgment includes a sum to cover the increase of wage costs
in question, it is reversed"; and inserting in lieu thereof: "As to the
item of $3,751.83 increased wage costs, the judgment must be reversed;
in other respects it is affirmed."
The judgment will be amended accordingly.
No. 806. Alma Motor Company, petitioner, v. The Timken-Detroit
Axle Company and The United States of America. This case is
ordered restored to the docket for reargument. Counsel are requested
to give special consideration in their briefs and argument to the
following questions:

MONDAY, MAY 21, 1945
255
1. Whether the Royalty Adjustment Act, 56 Stat. 1013, is consti-
tutional under the Fifth Amendment as applied to royalties due from
respondent, Timken-Detroit Axle Company, to petitioner for the
patented devices manufactured, sold, and delivered to the Govern-
ment (a) before the enactment of the Act and (b) before the pro-
mulgation of the departmental royalty order.
2. Whether sec. 2 of the Act, authorizing a suit to be brought in
the Court of Claims or in a district court, saves to petitioner any
rights it may have to recover, in such a suit or otherwise, any of the
royalties stipulated to be paid under its contract with respondent,
Timken-Detroit Axle Company.
No. 1174. The East New York Savings Bank, appellant, v. Alvin
Hahn and Hannah Hahn. In this case probable jurisdiction is noted.
No. 1139. Kirby Petroleum Company, petitioner, v. Commissioner
of Internal Revenue. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit
Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit granted and case trans-
ferred to the summary docket.
No. 1171. Oklahoma Press Publishing Company, petitioner, v. L.
Metcalfe Walling, Administrator, etc. Petition for writ of certiorari
to the Circuit Court of Appeals for the Tenth Circuit granted and
case transferred to the summary docket.
No. 1179. News Printing Co., Inc., petitioner, v. L. Metcalfe Wall-
ing, Administrator, etc. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit
Court of Appeals for the Third Circuit granted. The case is trans-
ferred to the summary docket and assigned for argument immediately
following No. 1171.
No. 1152. Courtney M. Mabee, Charles K. Barnum, et al., petition-
ers, v. White Plains Publishing Company, Inc. The motion to dis-
pense with reprinting the record on the application for the writ is
granted. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals of
New York granted and case transferred to the summary docket.
No. 1126. Arlie Cox, petitioner, v. The United States of America;
and
No. 1127. Fred Rambo, petitioner, v. The United States of Amer-
ica. Petition for writs of certiorari to the Circuit Court of Appeals
for the Seventh Circuit denied.
No. 1128. United States, ex rel. William A. Doss, petitioner, v.
E. E. Lindsley, Sheriff, Piatt County, Illinois. Petition for writ of
certiorari to the Circuit Court of Appeals for the Seventh Circuit
denied.
No. 1143. Abraham Jeskowitz, petitioner, v. Leonard H. Carter,
Trustee in bankruptcy of Union Fabrics, Inc. Petition for writ of
certiorari to the Circuit Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit
denied.

MONDAY, MAY 21, 1945
256
No. 1144. John N. Price & Sons, petitioner, v. Maryland Casualty
Co. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of Appeals
for the Third Circuit denied.
No. 1147. Marjorie Hair Burton, individually and as administra-
trix, etc., petitioner, v. Freeman Coal Mining Corporation et al.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Illinois denied.
No. 1161. Wendell J. Caley, petitioner, v. Ryan Distributing Cor-
poration. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of
Appeals for the Third Circuit denied.
No. 1104. Hugh B. Monjar, also known as H. B. Monjar, peti-
tioner, v. The United States of America;
No. 1105. Josephine T. Monjar, petitioner, v. The United States
of America;
No. 1106. Abraham J. Cook, also known as A. J. Cook, petitioner,
v. The United States of America;
No. 1107. John Fenton Jones, also known as J. F. Jones, peti-
tioner, v. The United States of America;
No. 1108. Clement O. Drew, also known as C. O. Drew, petitioner,
v. The United States of America;
No. 1109. Donald F. Moore, petitioner, v. The United States of
America;
No. 1110. John E. Lindh, petitioner, v. The United States of
America;
No. 1111. James J. Fitzpatrick, petitioner, v. The United States
of America;
No. 1112. Ernest F. Willard, petitioner, v. The United States of
America;
No. 1113. Clarence W. Candlin, petitioner, v. The United States
of America;
No. 1114. Leonard B. Cruser, petitioner, v. The United States of
America; and
No. 1115. Walter H. Maddams, petitioner, v. The United States
of America. Petitions for writs of certiorari to the Circuit Court of
Appeals for the Third Circuit denied.
No. 1131. Harvey B. McAllister, petitioner, v. City of Riesel,
Texas. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of Appeals
for the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 1132. Harvey B. McAllister, petitioner, v. City of Moody,
Texas. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of Appeals
for the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 1138. Brotherhood of Locomotive Firemen and Enginemen
et al., petitioners, v. Interstate Commerce Commission. Petition for
writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the District
of Columbia denied.

MONDAY, MAY 21, 1945
257
No. 1165. Joseph E. Shenko and Ruth A. Shenko, administrators,
etc., petitioners, v. Jack Cole Transportation Co. Petition for writ of
certiorari to the Circuit Court of Appeals for the Third Circuit
denied.
No. 1166. Greater New York Broadcasting Corporation, peti-
tioner, v. National Labor Relations Board. Petition for writ of cer-
tiorari to the Circuit Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit denied.
No. 1168. Albert Covington Dulaney, petitioner, v. M. Coppard,
Trustee. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of
Appeals for the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 1182. Josephine M. Moss, administratrix, etc., petitioner, v.
The Pennsylvania Railroad Company. Petition for writ of certi-
orari to the Circuit Court of Appeals for the Seventh Circuit denied.
No. 1183. Annie Norton, Trustee, petitioner, v. Tom Green County,
Texas. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Civil Appeals,
3d Supreme Judicial District, State of Texas, denied.
No. 1186. Madeirense do Brasil, S/A, petitioner, v. Stulman-Em-
rick Lumber Company. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit
Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit denied.
No. 1188. Sunray Oil Company, petitioner, v. Commissioner of
Internal Revenue. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court
of Appeals for the Tenth Circuit denied.
No. 1211. J. R. Mason, petitioner, v. Imperial Irrigation District
et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of Appeals
for the Ninth Circuit denied.
No. 1223. Commissioner of Internal Revenue, petitioner, v. Re-
public Cotton Mills. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit
Court of Appeals for the Fourth Circuit denied.
No. 1227. Marvin G. Russell, Receiver, petitioner, v. Atlanta Floor-
ing & Insulation Company, Inc., et al. Petition for writ of certiorari
to the Circuit Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 1140. Jacque O. Brooks et ux., petitioners, v. Fred J. Dewitt
et ux. The motion for leave to proceed on typewritten papers is
granted. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of
Texas denied.
No. 1146. Hearst Magazines, Inc., petitioner, v. Mercedes de Acosta ;
and
No. 1157. Beth Brown, petitioner, v. Mercedes de Acosta. Peti-
tions for writs of certiorari to the Circuit Court of Appeals for the
Second Circuit denied. Mr. Justice Murphy is of opinion that certi-
orari should be granted.

MONDAY, MAY 21, 1945
258
No. 1149. The United States of America, petitioner, v. Dahne W.
Winebrenner; and
No. 1150. The United States of America, petitioner, v. Cornelius
G. Loose. Petition for writs of certiorari to the Circuit Court of
Appeals for the Eighth Circuit denied. Mr. Justice Black is of
opinion that certiorari should be granted.
No. 1160. David Fisher, petitioner, v. Jack L. Medwedeff, Trustee
in the matter of David Fisher, individually, etc. Petition for writ of
certiorari to the Court of Appeals of Maryland denied for the reason
that application therefor was not made within the time provided by
law. Sec. 8 (a), Act of February 13, 1925 (43 Stat. 936. 940). 28
U.S. C. sec. 350.
No. 1181. Butler Disman, petitioner, v. Securities and Exchange
Commission. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of
Appeals for the Tenth Circuit denied. Mr. Justice Douglas took no
part in the consideration or decision of this application.
No. 1205. Thomas M. Stubbs, as Trustee in bankruptcy of Ameri-
can Bond & Share Corporation, petitioner, v. Fulton National Bank of
Atlanta. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of Ap-
peals for the Fifth Circuit denied. Mr. Justice Douglas took no part
in the consideration or decision of this application.
No. 1129. Roy V. Quinn, petitioner, v. Robert A. Heinze, Warden,
etc.; On petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of
California;
No. 1130. The United States of America, ex rel. Gene McCann,
petitioner, v. E. E. Thompson, Warden, etc. On petition for writ of
certiorari to the Circuit Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit;
No. 1145. Ernest Sorenson, petitioner, v. Lee County, Iowa, Dis-
trict Court at Fort Madison, Iowa. On petition for writ of certiorari
to the Supreme Court of Iowa;
No. 1151. Mollie Moore, petitioner, v. Mrs. M. G. Bailey. On peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Tennessee;
No. 1154. Daniel Jay Redmon, petitioner, v. P. J. Squier, Warden,
etc. On petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of Appeals
for the Ninth Circuit;
No. 1232. Geirude Crockett, petitioner, v. The People of the State
of Illinois. On petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court
of Illinois. The motions for leave to proceed in forma pauperis are
granted. The petitions for writs of certiorari are denied.
No. 1116. John Bongiorno, petitioner, v. Joseph E. Ragen, War-
den, etc. The motion to supplement the record is granted. The
motion for leave to proceed in forma pauperis is granted. The peti-
597362-45- -96

MONDAY, MAY 21, 1945
259
tion for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of Appeals for the
Seventh Circuit is denied.
No. 1162. Georgia M. Spruill, petitioner, v. William T. Ballard,
et al. The motion for leave to proceed in forma pauperis is denied.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the District of Columbia denied.
No. . Ex parte Bryan Schwab, petitioner. The second petition
for rehearing is denied.
No. 177. J. M. Ledbetter, Jr., Administrator, c. t. a., etc., et al., peti-
tioners, v. Farmers Bank & Trust Company et al. The motion for
leave to file motion to vacate order denying certiorari is granted.
The motion to vacate the order is denied.
No. Ex parte Noel Gaines, petitioner;
-
No. . Robert Noble and Ellis O. Jones, petitioners, v. Claude O.
Botkin;
No. 24. Victor J. Herb, petitioner, v. Norman B. Pitcairn and
Frank C. Nocodemus, Jr., Receivers of Wabash Railway Company;
No. 25. Benjamin F. Belcher, petitioner, v. Louisville and Nash-
ville Railroad Company;
No. 377. Precision Instrument Manufacturing Company et al., peti-
tioners, v. Automotive Maintenance Machinery Company;
No. 445. Brooklyn Savings Bank, petitioner, v. William J. O'Neil;
No. 761. James Gallagher, petitioner, v. Joseph E. Ragen, Warden,
etc.;
No. 888. James A. Carter, petitioner, v. James A. Johnston, War-
den, etc.;
No. 963. Fred Bissell, petitioner, v. Milton M. Amrine, Warden,
etc.;
No. 990. Joseph Lesser, petitioner, v. The People of the State of
New York;
No. 1039. Zeno W. Putnam and Bessie L. Putnam, petitioners, v.
Federal Land Bank of Baltimore;
No. 1040. Ex parte George S. Hawke, petitioner;
No. 1055. G. F. Howard, petitioner, v. Chicago, Burlington &
Quincy R. R. Co.; and
No. 1083. Murray Cohen, petitioner, v. The United States of Amer-
ica. Petitions for rehearing denied.
Adjourned until Monday, May 28, next, at 12 o'clock.
☑

MONDAY, MAY 28, 1945
260
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: The Chief Justice, Mr. Justice Roberts, Mr. Justice Black,
Mr. Justice Reed, Mr. Justice Frankfurter, Mr. Justice Murphy, and
Mr. Justice Rutledge.
John A. Beeman, of Tulsa, Okla.; Albert S. Scott, Jr., of Beverly
Hills, Calif.; Forrest E. Ely, of Batavia, Ohio; John J. Malik, of
Bellaire, Ohio; Melvin F. Johnson, of Shreveport, La.; E. Harris
Drew, of West Palm Beech, Fla.; Raymond C. Alley, of West Palm
Beach, Fla.; Jos. S. White, of West Palm Beach, Fla.; Berniece C.
Merrill, of Detroit, Mich.; Charles E. Merrill, of Detroit, Mich.;
Fred A. Kueppers, of St. Paul, Minn.; Michael Joseph Kaine, Jr.,
of San Antonio, Tex.; Lewis O. Orsborn, of Canton, Tex.; Ruth E.
Bates, of Washington, D. C.; Horner C. Fisher, of West Palm Beach,
Fla.; Edwin M. Warner, of Geneva, Ohio; Sergei S. Zlinkoff, of New
York City; Edward P. Russell, of Memphis, Tenn.; James J. Robin-
son, of Bloomington, Ind.; Earl W. Kintner, of Princeton, Ind.;
Edwin K. Steers, of Indianapolis, Ind.; Fred Stark Lockwood, of
Chicago, Ill.; Lewis L. Wadsworth, Jr., of Boston, Mass.; Armistead
Buckner Rood, of Washington, D. C.; Philip Subkow, of Los Angeles,
Calif.; Robert Lee Wills, of Chillicothe, Ohio; Jack G. McBride, of
San Francisco, Calif.; John P. Randolph, of Bryson City, N. C.;
John L. Wiegreffe, of Akron, Ohio; Louis Paul Haffer, of Boston,
Mass.; Sylvester W. Keesee, of Washington, D. C.; Edwin Kenneth
Resseger, of Cleveland, Ohio; Marvin H. Smith, of Federalsburg,
Md.; Earl Albert Darr, of New York City; James J. Lenoir, of
McComb, Miss.; August J. Winkenhofer, Jr., of Bowling Green, Ky.;
Alexander Herbemont Fraser, of San Antonio, Tex.; Frank J.
Murray, of New York City; Ralph Wallace White, of Scranton, Pa.;
Robert Jepson Harding, of East St. Louis, Ill.; Morton Singer, of
New York City; Russell Sherman Bernhard, of Chicago, Ill.; Charles
C. Pearce, of Washington, D. C.; George W. Mead, of Portland,
Oreg.; William W. Asch, of Easton, Pa.; Thomas S. Hinkel, of Wash-
ington, D. C.; Harry N. Rosenfield, of New York City; Maurice H.
Matzkin, of Brooklyn, N. Y.; John A. Jamison, of Darlington, S. C.;
Josephine H. Klein, of Washington, D. C.; Sidney B. Jacoby, of
Chicago, Ill.; Bertram M. Landesman, of Washington, D. C.; Dwight
L. Rogers, of Fort Lauderdale, Fla.; Thos. G. Thigpin, of San
Angelo, Tex.; Harold Errol Marks, of Chicago, Ill.; Henry Blech,
of Chicago, Ill.; Theodore C. Baer, of Peoria, Ill.; Wilbur D. Sparks,
597362-45-97

MONDAY, MAY 28, 1945
261
of Savannah, Mo.; John C. Fitzgerald, of Chicago, Ill.; James
Joseph Kearney, of Winnetka, Ill.; Clifton S. Thomson, of New York
City; James Arthur Danahey, of Pittsburgh, Pa.; J. Leland Rickard,
of Deposit, N. Y.; Jewell Davis, Lemons, of Dallas, Tex.; William W.
Alsup, of Los Angeles, Calif.; Richard F. Upton, of Concord, N. H.;
Isidore H. Wachtel, of New York City; Harold Guy Cowgill, of
Washington, D. C.; Clyde D. Sandgren, of New York City; Marjorie
A. McKenzie, of Washington, D. C.; Margaret Austin Haywood, of
Washington, D. C.; Henry F. Schenk, of West Orange, N. J.; J.
Sinclair Armstrong, of Chicago, Ill.; Ivy Lee Buchanan, of Vicks-
burg, Miss.; Elvin H. Wanzo, of Toledo, Ohio; Earl I. Harwood, of
Houston, Tex.; Morris A. Wainger, of New York City; Earl F.
Morris, of Columbus, Ohio; Jerome J. Downey, of Rockford, Ill.;
Edwin J. Putzell, Jr., of New York City; Robert J. Dixson, of New
York City; V. G. Sinco, of Manila, P. I.; Candido R. Palting, of
Manila, P. I.; David S. Lichtenstein, of New York City; and Samuel
Kassel, of Chicago, Ill.; were admitted to practice.
No. 663. The United States of America and Interstate Commerce
Commission, appellants, v. Capital Transit Company et al. Appeal
from the District Court of the United States for the District of
Columbia. Judgment reversed and cause remanded to the said Dis-
trict Court for further proceedings in conformity with the opinion
of this Court. Opinion by Mr. Justice Black. Mr. Justice Roberts
is of the opinion that the Commission has no jurisdiction of the fares
in question for the reasons set forth in the opinions below. Mr.
Justice Reed and Mr. Justice Douglas dissent from part Second of
the opinion.
No. 337. International Union of Mine, Mill, and Smelter Workers,
Locals Nos. 15, 17, 107, 108, and 111, etc., petitioners, v. Eagle-Picher
Mining and Smelting Company, Eagle-Picher Lead Company, and
National Labor Relations Board. On writ of certiorari to the Circuit
Court of Appeals for the Eighth Circuit. Judgment affirmed and
cause remanded to the Circuit Court of Appeals. Opinion by Mr.
Justice Roberts. Dissenting opinion by Mr. Justice Murphy in which
Mr. Justice Black, Mr. Justice Douglas, and Mr. Justice Rutledge
join.
The Chief Justice announced the following orders of the Court:
No. 823. Hotel Astor, Inc., Barbizon-Plaza Hotel Co., Inc., New
York State Realty and Terminal Company, et al., appellants, v. The
United States of America et al. Appeal from the District Court of
the United States for the Southern District of New York. Per

MONDAY, MAY 28, 1945
262
curiam: The judgment is affirmed. Ambassador, Inc., v. United
States, No. 446, decided May 21, 1945.
No. 866. Twisp Mining & Smelting Company, appellant, v. The
Chelan Mining Company et al. Appeal from and petition for certi-
orari to the Supreme Court of Washington. Per curiam: The appeal
is dismissed for want of jurisdiction. Sec. 237 (a), Judicial Code, as
amended, 28 U. S. C., sec. 344 (a). The petition for writ of certiorari
is denied.
No. 1229. Alabama Highway Express, Inc., appellant, v. The
United States of America and Interstate Commerce Commission.
Appeal from the District Court of the United States for the Northern
District of Alabama. Per curiam: The motion to affirm is granted
and the judgment is affirmed. (1) United States v. Carolina Freight
Carriers Corporation, 315 U.S.475,480-82;Howard Hall Co., Inc.,
v. United States, 315 U. S. 495, 498–9; (2) United States v. Pan Amer-
ican Corporation, 304 U. S. 156, 158.
The Chief Justice said:
"The other orders of the Court appear upon the list certified by
the Chief Justice and filed with the Clerk and will not be announced
orally."
.
No. Jack A. McCoy, petitioner, v. Walter A. Hunter, Warden;
No. Floyd E. Welch, petitioner, v. P. J. Brady, Warden; and
No.. George Blake, petitioner, v. P. J. Brady, Warden. The
motions for leave to file petitions for writs of habeas corpus are
denied.
No.. Richard Sweet, petitioner, v. Honorable Luther M. Swygert,
Judge. Application denied.
No. People of Illinois, ex rel. Walter Price, petitioner, v. Joseph
E. Ragen, Warden, etc. Petition for writ of certiorari denied.
No. 1094. Gange Lumber Company, appellant, v. Ralph Rowley
and Department of Labor and Industries of the State of Washington.
In this case probable jurisdiction is noted and the case is transferred
to the summary docket.
No. 1. The North American Company, petitioner, v., Securities and
Exchange Commission;
No. 15. Securities and Exchange Commission, petitioner, v. Engi-
neers Public Service Company et al.;
No. 16. Engineers Public Service Company, et al., petitioners, v.
Securities and Exchange Commission;
No. 166. American Power & Light Company, petitioner, o. Securi-
ties and Exchange Commission; and

MONDAY, MAY 28, 1945
263
No. 167. Electric Power & Light Corporation, petitioner, v. Securi-
ties and Exchange Commission. Case No. 1 is restored to the regular
docket. In Nos. 166 and 167 the petitions for writs of certiorari to
the Circuit Court of Appeals for the First Circuit are granted. (In
Nos. 15 and 16, petitions for writs of certiorari were granted June 5,
1944.) The cases are assigned for, argument on Monday, October
8, next.
No. 295. Walter B. Atkins, petitioner, v. Ethal W. Atkins. Peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Illinois granted.
No. 1167. James E. Markham, Alien Property Custodian, peti-
tioner, v. Alvina Allen et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
Circuit Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit granted.
No. 1196. Ashbacker Radio Corporation, petitioner, v. Federal
Communications Commission. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
United States Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia granted.
No. 1201. Louis Dabney Smith, petitioner, v. The United States of
America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of Ap-
peals for the Fourth Circuit granted.
No. 1096. Pierce Oil Corporation and Henry C. Riely and Robert
T. Barton, Jr., as its receivers, petitioners, v. The United States. Peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the Court of Claims denied.
No. 1169. The Massman Construction Company, petitioner, v. The
United States. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Claims
denied.
No. 1172. James J. Laughlin, petitioner, v. Chief Justice and Asso-
ciate Justices of the District Court of the United States for the Dis-
trict of Columbia. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia denied.
No. 1175. Union Pacific Railroad Company, petitioner, v. Charlotte
E. Leet, Administratrix, etc. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
Supreme Court of California denied.
No. 1176. Union Pacific Railroad Company, petitioner, v. Charlotte
E. Leet, Administratrix, etc. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
Supreme Court of California denied.
No. 1187. Harry E. Kalodner, Judge of the District Court of the
United States, etc., petitioner, v. Webster Eisenlohr, Inc. Petition
for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of Appeals for the Third
Circuit denied.
No. 1194. John C. Black, petitioner, v. Richfield Oil Corporation.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of Appeals for the
Ninth Circuit denied.

MONDAY, MAY 28, 1945
264
No. 1195. North Kansas City Development Company et al., peti-
tioners, v. Chicago, Burlington & Quincy Railroad Company et al.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of Appeals for the
Eighth Circuit denied.
No. 1197. Miami Bridge Company, petitioner, v. Railroad Com-
mission of the State of Florida. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
Supreme Court of Florida denied.
No. 1200. Walter S. Heller, petitioner, v. Commissioner of Internal
Revenue. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of
Appeals for the Ninth Circuit denied.
No. 1210. Minola Tamesa, petitioner, v. The United States of
America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of
Appeals for the Tenth Circuit denied.
No. 1222. David H. Alsop et al., petitioner, v. Robert August Pa-
scucci, infant, by David A. Hart, Guardian ad litem. Petition for
writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the
District of Columbia denied.
No. 1225. Approved Dehydrating Co., Inc., petitioner, v. Golden
Eagle Farm Products, Inc. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
Circuit Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit denied.
No. 1208. Clara I. Mays, petitioner, v. William T. Burgess, Frances
E. Burgess, et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia denied. Mr. Justice
Murphy and Mr. Justice Rutledge are of opinion that certiorari
should be granted. Mr. Justice Reed and Mr. Justice Jackson took
no part in the consideration or decision of this application.
No. 1177. Mary Mackall, petitioner, v. Washington Gas Light
Company. On petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia; and
No. 1185. Charles Telfian, petitioner, v. Joseph W. Sanford, War-
den, etc. On petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of
Appeals for the Fifth Circuit. The motions for leave to proceed in
forma pauperis are granted. The petitions for writs of certiorari are
denied.
No. 693, October Term, 1940. Norman Baker, petitioner, v. The
United States of America;
No. 452. National Labor Relations Board, petitioner, v. Le Tour-
neau Company of Georgia;
No. 1036. The State of Ohio, ex rel. Hugh M. Foster, a taxpayer,
petitioner, v. William S. Evatt, Tax Commissioner of Ohio; and
No. 1071. Alex Rinko, petitioner, v. The United States of America.
Petitions for rehearing denied.

MONDAY, MAY 28, 1945
265
No. 506. John Mosher, petitioner, v. Walter A. Hunter, Warden,
etc. Leave is granted petitioner to file a second petition for rehearing
by September 1, next. The motion for other relief is denied.
No. 514. Thomas Henry Robinson, Jr., petitioner, v. The United
States of America. The motion for leave to file a second petition for
rehearing is granted. The second petition for rehearing is denied.
Mr. Justice Jackson took no part in the consideration or decision
of the cases in which orders are this day announced.
ORDER
The Court will take a recess from today until Monday, June 4, and
from that day until Monday, June 11, on which day it will adjourn
for the term unless otherwise ordered.
Adjourned until Monday, June 4, next, at 12 o'clock.
☑

MONDAY, JUNE 4, 1945
266
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: The Chief Justice, Mr. Justice Roberts, Mr. Justice Black,
Mr. Justice Reed, Mr. Justice Frankfurter, Mr. Justice Douglas, Mr.
Justice Murphy, Mr. Justice Jackson, and Mr. Justice Rutledge.
Frederick J. Rice, of Washington, D. C.; Nathan T. Elliff, of
Washington, D. C.; Leo E. Anderson, of Los Angeles, Calif.; Matthew
Jerome Kust, of New York City; Miriam Theresa Rooney, of Boston,.
Mass.; George Philip Daly, of Washington, D. C.; Elery Abram Van
Diest, of Yakima, Wash.; Henry George Petersen, Jr., of Milwaukee,
Wis.; David N. Edelstein, of New York City; Alvin M. Cibula, of
Redding, Calif.; Sparkman D. Foster, of Detroit, Mich.; John F.
Miller, of St. Anthony, Idaho; Louis Lebowitz, of Mount Rainier,
Md.; Gerritt W. Wesselink, of Chicago, Ill.; Jerome V. O'Grady, of
New York City; David S. McHardy, of Marysville, Mich.; Arch R.
Tuthill, of Pasadena, Calif.; Kenneth H. York, of Pueblo, Colo.;
George B. Rice, of Denver, Colo.; Josephine E. Kestler, of New York
City; Zarah Williamson, of New York City; and Marvin C. Taylor, of
Boston, Mass., were admitted to practice.
No. 589. Commissioner of Internal Revenue, petitioner, v. Wil-
liam D. Disston. On writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit
Court of Appeals for the Third Circuit. Judgment reversed and
cause remanded to the said Circuit Court of Appeals for further
proceedings in conformity with the opinion of this Court. Opinion
by Mr. Justice Rutledge.
No. 914. Chester Bowles, Administrator, Office of Price Admin-
istration, petitioner, v. Seminole Rock & Sand Company. On writ
of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the
Fifth Circuit. Judgment reversed and cause remanded to the District
Court of the United States for the Southern District of Florida for
further proceedings in conformity with the opinion of this Court.
Opinion by Mr. Justice Murphy. Dissenting: Mr. Justice Roberts.
No. 955. L. Metcalfe Walling, Administrator of the Wage and
Hour Division, United States Department of Labor, petitioner, v.
Youngerman-Reynolds Hardwood Company, Inc. On writ of certi-
597362-45-98

MONDAY, JUNE 4, 1945
267
orari to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Fifth
Circuit; and
No. 956. L. Metcalfe Walling, Administrator of the Wage and
Hour Division, United States Department of Labor, petitioner, v.
Harnischfeger Corporation. On writ of certiorari to the United States
Circuit Court of Appeals for the Seventh Circuit. Judgment in No.
955 reversed and cause remanded to the District Court of the United
States for the Middle District of Alabama for further proceedings
in conformity with the opinion of this Court. Judgment of the Cir-
cuit Court of Appeals in No. 956 reversed and judgment of the Dis-
trict Court of the United States for the Eastern District of Wisconsin
affirmed and cause remanded to said District Court. Opinions by
Mr. Justice Murphy. Concurring opinion by Mr. Justice Frank-
furter. Dissenting opinion by Mr. Chief Justice Stone in which Mr.
Justice Roberts joins.
No. 853. L. C. Akins, petitioner, v. The State of Texas. On writ
of certiorari to the Court of Criminal Appeals of the State of Texas.
Judgment affirmed with costs. Opinion by Mr. Justice Reed. Mr.
Justice Rutledge concurs in the result. The Chief Justice and Mr.
Justice Black dissent. Dissenting opinion by Mr. Justice Murphy.
No. 470. American Power & Light Company, petitioner, v. Se-
curities and Exchange Commission. On writ of certiorari to the
United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the First Circuit; and
No. 815. Securities and Exchange Commission, petitioner, v. Sam-
uel Okin. On writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of
Appeals for the Second Circuit. Judgment in No. 470 reversed and
cause remanded to the Circuit Court of Appeals for the First Circuit
for further proceedings in conformity with the opinion of this Court.
Judgment in No. 815 affirmed and cause remanded to the Circuit
Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit. Opinion by Mr. Justice
Roberts. Mr. Justice Douglas took no part in the consideration or
decision of these cases. Mr. Justice Black and Mr. Justice Reed con-
cur in the result in No. 815. Dissenting opinion by Mr. Justice Mur-
phy. Mr. Justice Black and Mr. Justice Reed join in that part of Mr.
Justice Murphy's dissent dealing with No. 470.
No. 932. Trust U/W of Mary Lily (Flagler) Bingham, Messrs.
William R. Kenan, Jr., and Lawrence C. Haines, Trustees, petitioner,
v. Commissioner of Internal Revenue. On writ of certiorari to the
United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit.
Judgment of the Tax Court affirmed and judgment of the Circuit
Court of Appeals reversed and cause remanded to the said Circuit
Court of Appeals for further proceedings in conformity with the

MONDAY, JUNE 4, 1945
268
opinion of this Court. Opinion by Mr. Chief Justice Stone. Con-
curring opinion by Mr. Justice Frankfurter in which Mr. Justice
Roberts and Mr. Justice Jackson join.
The Chief Justice said:
"The orders of the Court appear upon the list certified by the Chief
Justice and filed with the Clerk and will not be announced orally."
No. 1219. S. Buchsbaum & Co., Askania Regulator Co., et al., appel-
lants, v. Robert L. Gordon, Director of Labor of the State of Illinois.
Appeal from the Supreme Court of Illinois. Per curiam: The
appeal is dismissed for want of a substantial federal question.
Carmichael v. Southern Coal Co., 301 U. S. 495, 509–12, 520–21, 525,
and cases cited.
No. 1236. National Labor Relations Board, petitioner, v. Federal
Motor Truck Company;
No. 1237. National Labor Relations Board, petitioner, v. Jones &
Laughlin Steel Corporation. On petition for writs of certiorari to
the Circuit Court of Appeals for the Sixth Circuit; and
No. 1238. National Labor Relations Board, petitioner, v. E. C.
Atkins and Company. On petition for writ of certiorari to the
Circuit Court of Appeals for the Seventh Circuit. Per curiam: The
petition for writs of certiorari is granted. The judgments are vacated
and the cases are remanded to the respective Circuit Courts of Ap-
peals for further consideration of the alleged changed circumstances
with respect to the demilitarization of the employees involved, and
the effect thereof on the Board's orders.
―.
No. People of the State of Illinois ex rel. Elijah White, peti-
tioner, v. Joseph E. Ragen, Warden. Petition for writ of certiorari
denied.
No.. Joe Hinkle, petitioner, v. Luther M. Swygert, Judge; and
No. Burns Sinclair, petitioner, v. Luther M. Swygert, Judge.
The motions for leave to file petitions for writs of mandamus are
denied.
No. . Ben F. Mason, petitioner, v. Tom Smith, Superintendent,
etc.; and
-.
No. Ex parte Garfield J. Kelly, petitioner. The motions for
leave to file petitions for writs of certiorari are denied.
-.
No. J. Tom Watson, Attorney General of Florida, petitioner,
v. Spessard L. Holland, as Governor of Florida, et al., etc. The ap-
plication for an extention of time within which to file petition for

MONDAY, JUNE 4, 1945
269
writ of certiorari is denied. Finn v. Railroad Commission, 286 U. S.
559.
No. 1206. Thomas Paper Stock Company et al., petitioners, v.
Chester Bowles, Price Administrator. Petition for writ of cer-
tiorari to the United States Emergency Court of Appeals granted.
No. 1271. James E. Markham, Alien Property Custodian, et al.,
petitioners, v. Hartwell Cabell. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
Circuit Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit granted and case
transferred to the summary docket.
No. 1092. State of California (In the Matter of the Estate of Carl
A. Lindquist, also called Carl Lindquist), petitioner, v. The United
States of America;
No. 1093. State of California (In the matter of the estate of
Patrick Walker, also known as Patrick J. Walker), petitioner, v.
The United States of America;
No. 1214. The United States of America (In the matter of estate
of Carl A. Lindquist, also called Carl Lindquist, deceased), petitioner,
v. State of California; and
No. 1215. The United States of America (In the matter of estate
of Patrick Walker, also known as Patrick J. Walker, deceased), peti-
tioner, v. State of California. Petitions for writs of certiorari to the
Supreme Court of California denied.
No. 1095. Robert Y. Creech et al. and Inman W. Weeks, as Ad-
ministrator, etc., et al., petitioners, v. The United States. Petition
for writ of certiorari to the Court of Claims denied.
No. 1123. Standard Accident Insurance Company, petitioner, v.
The United States. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of
Claims denied.
No. 1203. George E. Dillman and W. R. Hess et al., petitioners, v.
The United States of America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
Circuit Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 1207. City of Philadelphia, Rufus S. Reeves, Director of De-
partment of Public Health, et al., petitioners, v. The United States
of America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of
Appeals for the Third Circuit denied.
No. 1216. 42nd St. Foto Shop, Inc., et al., petitioners, v. New York
State Labor Relations Board. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
Supreme Court of New York denied.
No. 1220. Armour and Company, petitioner, v. Chester Bowles,
Price Administrator. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United
States Emergency Court of Appeals denied.

MONDAY, JUNE 4, 1945
270
No. 1221. Oswald and Hess Company, petitioner, v. Chester
Bowles, Price Administrator. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
United States Emergency Court of Appeals denied.
No. 1226. Travis J. Battles, receiver of Casualty Underwriters
and of Underwriters Agency, petitioner, v. Braniff Airways, Inc.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of Appeals for
the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 1231. C. James Wertz, nonconsenting bondholder, petitioner,
v. The Village of Solon, Ohio. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
Circuit Court of Appeals for the Sixth Circuit denied.
No. 1233. The National Bronx Bank of New York, petitioner, v.
Commissioner of Internal Revenue. Petition for writ of certiorari
to the Circuit Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit denied.
No. 1235. Frank L. Nathanson, petitioner, v. People of the State
of Illinois. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of .
Illinois denied.
No. 1240. Louis Lorenza, petitioner, v. The City of Cleveland.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Ohio denied.
No. 1246. Estate of Robert Marshall, James Marshall, executor,
petitioner, v. Commissioner of Internal Revenue. Petition for writ
of certiorari to the Circuit Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit
denied.
No. 1248. Mike Gault and Allen Gault, petitioners, v. State of Okla-
homa ex rel. Randell S. Cobb, Attorney General. Petition for writ of
certiorari to the Criminal Court of Appeal, State of Oklahoma, denied.
No. 1251. The Western States Machine Company, petitioner, v.
S. S. Hepworth Company. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
Circuit Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit denied.
No. 1252. The Texas and Pacific Railway Company, petitioner, v.
Mrs. G. J. Riley, Administratrix, etc. Petition for writ of certiorari to
the Court of Civil Appeals, Sixth Supreme Judicial District, State
of Texas, denied.
No. 1256. Boston & Maine Railroad, petitioner, v. Edward L.
Cabana. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of
Appeals for the First Circuit denied.
No. 1268. Frank A. Dudley et al., constituting the stockholders'
protective committee, petitioners, v. Carroll E. Mealey, Trustee of
Albany Hotel Corporation, debtor, et al. Petition for writ of cer-
tiorari to the Circuit Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit denied.
No. 1255. Bank of New York, petitioner, v. Louise A. Griffith.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of Appeals for

MONDAY, JUNE 4, 1945
271
the Second Circuit denied. The Chief Justice took no part in the
consideration or decision of this application.
No. 1262. Thomas S. Wills, petitioner, v. The Supreme Court of
Iowa, State of Iowa. On petition for writ of certiorari to the Su-
preme Court of Iowa; and
No. 1290. David Flannigan, petitioner, v. Joseph E. Ragen,
Warden, etc. On petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court
of Will County, State of Illinois. The motions for leave to proceed
in forma pauperis are granted. The petitions for writs of certiorari
are denied.
No. 1325. Thomas E. Brigance, petitioner, v. State of California;
and
No. 1333. Benjamin Whitson, petitioner, v. State of California.
The motions for leave to proceed in forma pauperis are granted. The
petitions for writs of certiorari to the Supreme Court of California
are denied. The stay orders heretofore granted are vacated.
No. 1168. Albert Covington Dulaney, petitioner, v. M. Coppard,
Trustee. Petition for rehearing denied.
No. 1259. Adelyn Ransom Droste, as Executrix of the Estate of
Chas. F. or Charles F. Droste, Jr., deceased, petitioner, v. Harry Atlas
Sons, Inc., and Atlas Packaging Corporation. On petition for writ
of certiorari to the Circuit Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit.
Dismissed on motion of counsel for the petitioner.
Adjourned until Monday, June 11, next, at 12 o'clock.
Х

MONDAY, JUNE 11, 1945
272
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: The Chief Justice, Mr. Justice Black, Mr. Justice Reed,,
Mr. Justice Frankfurter, Mr. Justice Douglas, Mr. Justice Murphy,
Mr. Justice Jackson, and Mr. Justice Rutledge.
Charles W. Mason, of Nowata, Okla.; James Rogers Miller, of
Bethesda, Md.; Severn T. Darden, of New Orleans, La.; Kermit C..
Sitterley, of Lancaster, Ohio; Virgil R. Goode, of Richmond, Va.;
Nathan R. Kobey, of Denver, Colo.; Collins J. Seitz, of Wilmington,
Del.; Glenn M. Coulter, of Detroit, Mich.; Rhea Whitley, of Wash-
ington, D. C.; Fred I. Simon, of Chicago, Ill.; Walker F. Means,
of Hiawatha, Kans.; George R. Wild, of Tulsa, Okla.; David M.
Proctor, Jr., of Kansas City, Mo.; Andrew Howard, of Billings,
Mo.; George S. Miles, of Memphis, Tenn.; Simeon Capule, of Ma-
nila, P. I.; Manuel A. Adeva, of Manila, P. I.; Earle B. Henley, Jr.,
of New York City; Dayton M. Harrington, of Keokuk, Iowa; Edwin
Kessler, Jr., of New York City; Mark Edwin Andrews, of Houston,
Tex.; Ralph E. Waldo, Jr., of Greeley, Colo.; Helen Robinson, of
Washington, D. C.; Leon L. Dreskin, of Newark, N. J.; Robert L.
Bobrick, of New York City; Aubrey Grossman, of San Francisco,
Calif.; Clarence Heald Langstaff, of Sacramento, Calif.; Robert R.
Rainold, of New Orleans, La.; Walter B. Matson, of Washington,
D. C.; Harry C. Pauly, of Missoula, Mont.; James W. Cassedy, Jr.,
of Brookhaven, Miss.; Emerson Richards, of Atlantic City, N. J.;
Charles C. Loosli, of San Diego, Calif.; Mary M. Barker, of Washing-
ton, D. C.; Kathryn Casey, of Washington, D. C.; George C. Aber-
nathy, Jr., of Boston, Mass., Loretta I. Martone, of Washington, D. C. ;
S. Wallace Kagan, of South Fallsburg, N. Y.; and John T. Bonner, of
Washington, D. C., were admitted to practice.
No. 613. Inland Empire District Council, Lumber and Sawmill
Workers Union, Lewiston, Idaho, et al., petitioners, v. Harry A.
Millis, individually and as Chairman and Member of the National
Labor Relations Board, et al. On writ of certiorari to the United
States Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia. Judgment
affirmed and cause remanded to the District Court of the United States
for the District of Columbia. Opinion by Mr. Justice Rutledge.
Dissenting: Mr. Justice Roberts.
No. 160. Elgin, Joliet and Eastern Railway Company, petitioner,
v. G. W. Burley et al. On writ of certiorari to the United States
Circuit Court of Appeals for the Seventh Circuit. Judgment
597362-45- -99

MONDAY, JUNE 11, 1945
273
affirmed with costs and cause remanded to the District Court of the
United States for the Northern District of Illinois for further pro-
ceedings in conformity with the opinion of this Court. Opinion
by Mr. Justice Rutledge. Dissenting opinion by Mr. Justice Frank-
furter in which the Chief Justice, Mr. Justice Roberts, and Mr.
Justice Jackson join.
No. 688. The Borden Company, petitioner, v. Joseph Borella,
Charles J. Burke, Walter Cross, et al. On writ of certiorari to the
United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit.
Judgment affirmed with costs and cause remanded to the District
Court of the United States for the Southern District of New York.
Opinion by Mr. Justice Murphy. Mr. Justice Frankfurter concurs
in the result. Dissenting opinion by Mr. Chief Justice Stone in
which Mr. Justice Roberts joins.
No. 699. Beatrice L. Goldstone and Eugene L. Bondy, Executors
of the estate of Morris L. Goldstone, deceased, petitioners, v. The
United States of America. On writ of certiorari to the United States
Circuit Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit. Judgment affirmed
and cause remanded to the District Court of the United States for
the Southern District of New York. Opinion by Mr. Justice
Murphy. Dissenting opinion by Mr. Justice Roberts in which Mr.
Justice Douglas joins.
No. 6, original. The State of Nebraska, complainant, v. The State
of Wyoming and The State of Colorado. Opinion by Mr. Justice
Douglas. Parties may within ninety days submit the form of decree
to carry opinion into effect. Costs will be apportioned and paid as
follows: The State of Colorado, one-fifth; the State of Wyoming, two-
fifths; and the State of Nebraska, two-fifths. Mr. Justice Jackson
took no part in the consideration or decision of this case. Dissenting
opinion by Mr. Justice Roberts in which Mr. Justice Frankfurter and
Mr. Justice Rutledge join.
No. 833. The Lincoln National Life Insurance Company, appellant,
v. Jess G. Read, Insurance Commissioner of the State of Oklahoma,
et al. Appeal from the Supreme Court of the State of Oklahoma.
Judgment affirmed with costs. Opinon by Mr. Justice Douglas. Dis-
senting: Mr. Justice Roberts.
No. 820. 10 East 40th Street Building, Inc., petitioner, v. Charles
Callus, Samuel Said, Louis Saggese, et al. On writ of certiorari to
the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit.
Judgment reversed with costs and cause remanded to the District
Court of the United States for the Southern District of New York
for further proceedings in conformity with the opinion of this Court.
Opinion by Mr. Justice Frankfurter. Dissenting opinion by Mr.

MONDAY, JUNE 11, 1945
274
Justice Murphy in which Mr. Justice Black, Mr. Justice Reed, and
Mr. Justice Rutledge join.
No. 205. In re Clyde Wilson Summers, petitioner. On writ of cer-
tiorari to the Supreme Court of the State of Illinois. Judgment
affirmed with costs. Opinion by Mr. Justice Reed. Dissenting
opinion by Mr. Justice Black in which Mr. Justice Douglas, Mr.
Justice Murphy, and Mr. Justice Rutledge concur.
No. 560. State of North Carolina, North Carolina Utilities Com-
mission, Charlotte Shippers and Manufacturers Association, Inc.,
et al., appellant, v. The United States of America, Interstate Com-
merce Commission, et al.; and
No. 561. William H. Davis, Economic Stabilization Director, by
Chester Bowles, Price Administrator, appellants, v. The United
States of America, Interstate Commerce Commission, et al. Appeals
from the District Court of the United States for the Eastern Dis-
trict of North Carolina. Judgment reversed and cases remanded
to the said District Court for further proceedings in conformity with
the opinion of this Court. Opinion by Mr. Justice Black. Dissent-
ing opinion by Mr. Justice Reed in which the Chief Justice, Mr. Jus-
tice Roberts and Mr. Justice Frankfurter join.
No. 574. The State of Alabama and Public Service Commission,
The State of Tennessee and The Railroad and Public Utilities Com-
mission of the State of Tennessee, Commonwealth of Kentucky and
Railroad Commission of Kentucky, appellants, v. The United States
of America, Interstate Commerce Commission, et al.; and
No. 592. William H. Davis, Economic Stabilization Director, by
Chester Bowles, Price Administrator, appellant, v. The United
States of America, Interstate Commerce Commission, et al. Appeals
from the District Court of the United States for the Western District
of Kentucky. Judgment reversed and cases remanded to the said
District Court for further proceedings in conformity with the opin-
ion of this Court. Opinion by Mr. Justice Black. Dissenting: The
Chief Justice, Mr. Justice Roberts, Mr. Justice Reed, and Mr. Justice
Frankfurter.
No. 811. Leo H. Hill and United Association of Journeymen
Plumbers and Steamfitters of United States and Canada, Local No.
234, petitioners, v. State of Florida, ex rel. J. Tom Watson, Attorney
General. On writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Florida.
Judgment reversed with costs and cause remanded to the said Supreme
Court for further proceedings not inconsistent with the opinion of
this Court. Opinion by Mr. Justice Black. Opinion by Mr. Justice
Stone concurring in part and dissenting in part. Dissenting opinion
by Mr. Justice Frankfurter in which Mr. Justice Roberts joins.

MONDAY, JUNE 11, 1945
275
No. 39. Wilbur V. Keegan, petitioner, v. The United States of
America; and
No. 44. Gerhard Wilhelm Kunze, August Klapprott, et al., peti-
tioners, v. The United States of America. On writs of certiorari to
the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit.
Judgment reversed and cases remanded to the District Court of the
United States for the Southern District of New York for further
proceedings in conformity with the opinion of this Court. Opinion
by Mr. Justice Roberts. Concurring opinion by Mr. Justice Black.
Concurring opinion by Mr. Justice Rutledge. Dissenting opinion by
Mr. Chief Justice Stone in which Mr. Justice Reed, Mr. Justice
Douglas, and Mr. Justice Jackson join.
No. 588. Alabama State Federation of Labor, Local Union No. 103,
United Brotherhood of Carpenters and Joiners of America, et al., peti-
tioners, v. Robert E. McAdory, as Solicitor of Jefferson County, Ala-
bama, and Holt McDowell, as Sheriff of Jefferson County, Alabama.
On writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of the State of Alabama.
Writ dismissed with costs. Opinion by Mr. Chief Justice Stone.
No. 855. Congress of Industrial Organizations, an unincorporated
association, Philip Murray, individually, etc., et al., petitioners, v.
Robert E. McAdory, as Solicitor of Jefferson County, Alabama, et al.
On writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of the State of Alabama.
Writ dismissed with costs. Opinion by Mr. Chief Justice Stone.
The Chief Justice said:
"The orders of the Court appear upon the list certified by the Chief
Justice and filed with the Clerk and will not be announced orally."
No. - Charles Jennings, petitioner, v. Herbert Smith, Warden.
The motion for leave to file petition for writ of habeas is denied.
No. Oliver Gobin, petitioner, v. Charles B. Clarke. Petition
for writ of certiorari denied.
No. 663. The United States of America and Interstate Commerce
Commission, appellants, v. Capital Transit Company et al.
On con-
sideration of the application of the appellants that the mandate issue
forthwith, it is ordered that the mandate issue June 18, next, unless
a petition for rehearing is filed on or before June 15 and is not dis-
posed of by the 18th.
No. 1097. Automatic Paper Machinery Company, Inc., petitioner,
v. Marcalus Manufacturing Company, Inc., and Nicholas Marcalus.
The motion to substitute Scott Paper Company as the party petitioner
herein is granted.
No. 1257. David A. Marmon and Charles Weiss, petitioners, v. The
People of the State of Illinois. The motion for leave to file an

MONDAY, JUNE 11, 1945
276
amended petition for writ of certiorari is granted. The motion to
extend the time for filing respondent's brief is granted and the time
is extended to and including August 15, next.
No. 63. The Northwestern Bands of Shoshone Indians, petitioners,
v. The United States. The motion to recall and amend the mandate
and for other relief is denied.
No. 953. John F. X. Finn, as Trustee of Childs Company, peti-
tioner, v. Burton C. Meighan, Jr., as substituted trustee, etc. It is
ordered that the sentence on page 2 of the slip opinion which reads,
"But Congress has made section 70 applicable to reorganization pro-
ceedings under Ch. X" be amended to read as follows: "But Congress
has made the forfeiture provision of section 70 applicable to reorgan-
ization proceedings under Ch. X.”
No. 1263. Mine Safety Appliances Company, appellant, v. James
V. Forrestal, Secretary of the Navy. In this case probable jurisdic-
tion is noted. Counsel are requested to discuss in their briefs and on
oral argument the questions whether this is a suit against the United
States and whether the complaint states a cause of action in equity.
The Court does not desire to hear argument upon any other question
not passed upon by the District Court.
No. 1264. Dorothy Nippert, appellant, v. City of Richmond; and
No. 1267. The United States of America et al., appellants, v. Pierce
Auto Freight Lines, Inc., et al. In these cases probable jurisdiction
is noted.
No. 1254. Lillian Boehm, petitioner, v. Commissioner of Internal
Revenue. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of
Appeals for the Second Circuit granted and case transferred to the
summary docket.
No. 1324. Railroad Retirement Board et al., petitioners, v. Du-
quesne Warehouse Company; and
No. 1338. Duquesne Warehouse Company, petitioner, v. Railroad
Retirement Board et al. Petitions for writs of certiorari to the Cir-
cuit Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit and to the United States
Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia, respectively, granted
and cases consolidated for argument.
No. 1192. Carrie A. Lount, Widow, et al., petitioners, v. Halbert H.
Hiner et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of
Arizona denied.
No. 1217. I. M. Ward, petitioner, v. Auctioneers Association of
Southern California et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Dis-
trict Court of Appeal, 2nd Appellate District, State of California,
denied.
No. 1224. Bee Ray and Nathan Forbes, doing business as Superior
Uniform Cap and Shirt Mfg. Co., petitioners, v. Chester Bowles, Ad-

MONDAY, JUNE 11, 1945
277
ministrator. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of
Appeals for the Ninth Circuit denied.
No. 1239. Henry Sohmer, petitioner, v. The United States of
America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of Ap-
peals for the Second Circuit denied.
No. 1247. J. V. Vandenberge et al., transferees of Texas Auto
Company, petitioners, v. Commissioner of Internal Revenue. Peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of Appeals for the Fifth
Circuit denied.
No. 1258. D. M. Carothers et al., a copartnership doing business as
Allright Parking System, Limited, petitioners, v. Chester Bowles,
Price Administrator. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United
States Emergency Court of Appeals denied.
No. 1265. Chapman Price Steel Company, petitioner, v. Commis-
sion of Internal Revenue. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
Circuit Court of Appeals for the Seventh Circuit denied.
No. 1170. In Re Francis P. Slattery, petitioner. Petition for writ
of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Michigan denied.
No. 1193. Wisconsin Alumni Research Foundation, petitioner, v.
Vitamin Technologists, Inc., and H. F. B. Roessler. Petition for writ
of certiorari to the Circuit Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit
denied.
No. 1249. Samuel Lehrer, petitioner, v. Thomas Nickolopulos.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Errors and Appeals of
New Jersey denied for the reason that application therefor was not
made within the time provided by law. Sec. 8 (a), Act of February
13, 1925 (43 Stat. 936, 940), 28 U. S. C., sec. 350.
No. 1260. John L. Sheridan et al., petitioners, v. John R. Evans
et al. The motion for leave to proceed on typewritten papers is
granted. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of
Tennessee denied.
No. 1332. Samuel Greenberg, petitioner, v. People of the State of
New York. The application for a stay is denied. Petition for writ
of certiorari to the Appellate Division of the Supreme Court of New
York denied.
No. 1213. Glick Brothers Lumber Company et al., petitioners, v.
Chester Bowles, Administrator, etc. Petition for writ of certiorari
to the Circuit Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit denied for
failure to comply with par. 2 of Rule 38 of the Rules of this Court.
The brief filed in support of the petition is not "direct and concise"
as required by that rule.
No. 1038. Leslie Williams, petitioner, v. Neil Olson, Warden, etc.
On petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Nebraska;

MONDAY, JUNE 11, 1945
278
No. 1178. Woodrow Wilson Clark, petitioner, v. The State of
Washington. On petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court
of Washington;
No. 1198. Richard Alfred Palmer, petitioner, v. Joseph W. San-
ford, Warden, etc. On petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit
Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit;
No. 1230. Edward R. Mrozik, petitioner, v. James A. Johnston,
Warden, etc. On petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court
of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit;
No. 1318. Sylvester Shaw, petitioner, v. The People of the State of
Illinois. On petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of
Illinois;
No. 1319. Albert De Freitas, petitioner, v. Walter B. Martin, as
Warden, etc. On petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Ap-
peals of New York; and
No. 1334. Francis Haines, petitioner, v. People of the State of
Illinois. On petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of
Illinois. The motions for leave to proceed in forma pauperis are
granted. The petitions for writs of certiorari are denied.
No. 1163. Peter Guertler, petitioner, v. The United States of
America. The motion for leave to proceed in forma pauperis is de-
nied. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of Appeals
for the Second Circuit denied.
No. 907. Darragh A. Park, as Chairman, etc., petitioner, v. Group
of Institutional Investors et al. The motion for leave to file petition
for rehearing is granted. The petition for rehearing is denied. Mr.
Justice Jackson and Mr. Justice Rutledge took no part in the consid-
eration or decision of these applications.
No. 995. Simon Metrik, petitioner, v. Fort Tryon Gardens, Inc.
It is ordered that the cost of printing pages 17-57 of the record be
taxed against the respondent. The petition for rehearing is denied.
No. 1185. Charles Telfian, petitioner, v. Joseph W. Sanford,
Warden, etc. Petition for rehearing denied.
ORDER
The Court will take a recess from today until Monday June 18, next,
on which day it will adjourn for the term unless otherwise ordered.
Adjourned until Monday, June 18, next, at 10:30 o'clock.
Х

MONDAY, JUNE 18, 1945
279
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: The Chief Justice, Mr. Justice Black, Mr. Justice Reed,
Mr. Justice Frankfurter, Mr. Justice Douglas, Mr. Justice Murphy,
Mr. Justice Jackson, and Mr. Justice Rutledge.
Bettie Renner, of Washington, D. Č.; Fred Roland Allaben, of
Grand Rapids, Mich.; William A. Lufburrow, of Augusta, Ga.; Harry
L. Shniderman, of Washington, D. C.; Oliver P. Stockwell, of Lake
Charles, La.; D. W. Gilmore, of Benton, Mo.; Sherwin T. McDowell,
of Philadelphia, Pa.; Gordon C. Locke, of Philadelphia, Pa.; Lamar
Gordon Warren, of Tallahassee, Fla.; John A. Armstrong, of Greene-
ville, Tenn.; Bernhard M. Ettenson, of Leavenworth, Kans.; Anthony
M. Ursich, of Tacoma, Wash.; Grover Sellers, of Austin, Tex.; Claude
A. Rankin, of Little Rock, Ark.; William L. Blanckenburg, of Berk-
eley, Calif.; Frederick T. Larrabee, of Ellsworth, Me.; Emanuel H.
Reichart, of New York City; Eli M. Spark, of New York City; C.
Dudley Pratt, of Honolulu, T. H.; Robert W. Cauldwell, of Brooklyn,
N. Y.; John A. Anderson, of New York City; Eli Louis Cooper, of
Philadelphia, Pa.; George M. Bourgon, of Detroit, Mich.; Irving
Shore, of San Francisco, Calif.; and Robert W. McNulty, of Buffalo,
N. Y., were admitted to practice.
No. 630. The Barrett Line, Inc., appellant, v. The United States
of America, Interstate Commerce Commission, and Mississippi Valley
Barge Line Co., et al. Appeal from the District Court of the United
States for the Southern District of Ohio. Decree affirmed in part
and reversed in part and cause remanded to the said District Court
for further proceedings in conformity with the opinion of this Court.
Opinion by Mr. Justice Rutledge. Dissenting opinion by the Chief
Justice, Mr. Justice Roberts, Mr. Justice Frankfurter, and Mr. Jus-
tice Jackson, announced by the Chief Justice.
No. 788. Harry Bridges, petitioner, v. I. F. Wixon, as District
Director, Immigration and Naturalization Service, Department of
Justice. On writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of Appeals for
the Ninth Circuit. Judgment reversed and cause remanded to the
District Court of the United States for the Northern District of
California for further proceedings in conformity with the opinion of
this Court. Opinion by Mr. Justice Douglas. Mr. Justice Jackson
597362-45--100

MONDAY, JUNE 18, 1945
280
took no part in the consideration or decision of this case. Concurring
opinion by Mr. Justice Murphy. Dissenting opinion by Mr. Chief
Justice Stone in which Mr. Justice Roberts and Mr. Justice Frank-
furter join.
No. 264. Guaranty Trust Company of New York, petitioner, v.
Grace W. York. On writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of Appeals
for the Second Circuit. Judgment reversed with costs and cause
remanded to the District Court of the United States for the Southern
District of New York for further proceedings in conformity with
the opinion of this Court. Opinion by Mr. Justice Frankfurter.
Mr. Justice Roberts and Mr. Justice Douglas took no part in the con-
sideration or decision of this case. Dissenting opinion by Mr. Justice
Rutledge in which Mr. Justice Murphy joins.
No. 593. Radio Station WOW, Inc. (a Nebraska Corporation),
Woodmen of the World Life Insurance Society (a Nebraska Corpora-
tion), Dr. E. Bradshaw, et al., petitioners, v. Homer H. Johnson.
On writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of the State of Nebraska.
Judgment reversed with costs and cause remanded to said Supreme
Court for further proceedings not inconsistent with the opinion of
this Court. Opinion by Mr. Justice Frankfurter. Mr. Justice Black
took no part in the consideration or decision of this case. Mr. Justice
Douglas concurs in the result. Mr. Justice Roberts is of the opinion*
that the judgment should be affirmed. Dissenting opinion by Mr.
Justice Jackson.
No. 507. Interstate Commerce Commission, The Willett Company
of Indiana, Inc., and The Pennsylvania Railroad Company, appel-
lants, v. Harry A. Parker, doing business as Parker Motor Freight,
Regular Common Carriers Conference of the American Trucking As-
sociation, Inc., et al.; and
No. 508. The United States of America, appellant, v. Harry A.
Parker, doing business as Parker Motor Freight, Regular Common
Carriers Conference of the American Trucking Associations, Inc.,
et al. Appeals from the District Court of the United States for the
Southern District of Indiana. Judgment reversed and cases re-
manded to the said District Court for further proceedings in con-
formity with the opinion of this Court. Opinion by Mr. Justice Reed.
Dissenting opinion by Mr. Justice Douglas in which Mr. Justice Black
and Mr. Justice Rutledge join.
No. 558. American Trucking Association, Inc., Southern Motor
Carriers Rate Conference, et al., appellants, v. The United States of
America, Interstate Commerce Commission, et al. Appeal from the
District Court of the United States for the Eastern District of Vir-
ginia. Judgment reversed and cause remanded to the said District
Court for further proceedings in conformity with the opinion of this

MONDAY, JUNE 18, 1945
281
Court. Opinion by Mr. Justice Reed. Concurring: Mr. Justice
Black, Mr. Justice Douglas, and Mr. Justice Rutledge.
No. 691. Railway Mail Association, appellant, v., Edward S. Corsi,
as Industrial Commissioner of the State of New York. Appeal from
the Supreme Court of the State of New York. Judgment affirmed
with costs. Opinion by Mr. Justice Reed. Mr. Justice Rutledge con-
curs in the result. Concurring opinion by Mr. Justice Frankfurter.
No. 702. Allen Bradley Company, Allis-Chalmers Mannufacturing
Company, Clark Controller Company, et al., petitioners, v. Local
Union No. 3, International Brotherhood of Electrical Workers, et al.
On writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of Appeals for the Second
Circuit. Judgment reversed with costs and cause remanded to the
District Court of the United States for the Southern District of New
York for modification and clarification of the judgment and injunction
consistent with the opinion of this Court. Opinion by Mr. Justice
Black. Separate opinion by Mr. Justice Roberts. Dissenting opinion
by Mr. Justice Murphy.
No. 570. Edward A. Hunt and Robert A. Hunt, copartners trading
as Hunt's Motor Freight and Food Products Transport, petitioner,
v. Edward Crumboch, President, Joseph E. Grace, Secretary-Treas-
urer, William F. Kelleher, International Vice President, business
agent and trustee, et al. On writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of
Appeals for the Third Circuit. Judgment affirmed and cause re-
manded to the District Court of the United States for the Eastern
District of Pennsylvania. Opinion by Mr. Justice Black. Dissenting
opinion by Mr. Justice Roberts in which the Chief Justice, Mr. Justice
Frankfurter and Mr. Justice Jackson join. Dissenting opinion by
Mr. Justice Jackson in which the Chief Justice and Mr. Justice Frank-
furter join.
No. 57. The Associated Press, Paul Bellamy, George Francis Booth,
et al., appellants, v. The United States of America;
No. 58. The Tribune Company and Robert Rutherford McCormick,
appellants, v. The United States of America; and
No. 59. The United States of America, appellant, v. The Associated
Press, Paul Bellamy, George Francis Booth, et al. Appeals from the
District Court of the United States for the Southern District of New
York. Judgment affirmed. Opinion by Mr. Justice Black. In No.
59, all the sitting Justices concur. In Nos. 57 and 58, Mr. Justice
Reed, Mr. Justice Douglas and Mr. Justice Rutledge concur. Mr.
Justice Frankfurter concurs in that part of the opinion which discusses
the District Court's decree but concurs in the judgment of affirmance
in a separate opinion. Mr. Justice Jackson took no part in the con-
sideration or decision of these cases. Concurring opinion by Mr.
Justice Douglas. Dissenting opinion by Mr. Justice Roberts in which

MONDAY, JUNE 18, 1945
282
the Chief Justice joins, announced by the Chief Justice. Dissenting
opinion by Mr. Justice Murphy.
No. 56. Southern Pacific Company, appellant, v. State of Arizona,
ex rel. John L. Sullivan, Attorney General of the State of Arizona.
Appeal from the Superior Court, County of Pima, State of Arizona.
Judgment reversed with costs and cause remanded to the said Su-
perior Court for further proceedings not inconsistent with the opin-
ion of this Court. Opinion by Mr. Chief Justice Stone. Mr. Justice
Rutledge concurs in the result. Dissenting opinion by Mr. Justice
Black. Dissenting opinion by Mr. Justice Douglas.
The Chief Justice said:
"The orders of the Court appear upon the list certified by the Chief
Justice and filed with the Clerk and will not be announced orally."
No. 1287. Ashland Coal and Ice Company, Inc., et al., appellants,
v. The United States of America, Interstate Commerce Commission,
et al. Appeal from the District Court of the United States for the
Eastern District of Virginia. Per curiam: The motions to affirm are
granted and the judgment is affirmed. Standard Oil Co. v. United
States, 283 U. S. 235, 240-41; George Allison & Co. v. United States,
296 U. S. 546. Dissenting: Mr. Justice Black and Mr. Justice
Douglas.
No. 1245. Samuel Okin, petitioner, v. Securities and Exchange
Commission. On petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court
of Appeals for the Second Circuit. Per curiam: On consideration
of the suggestion of a diminution of the record and a motion for a
writ of certiorari in that relation, the motion for certiorari is granted.
The petition for writ of certiorari is granted limited to the question
whether that part of the Commission's order which licensed Electric
Bond and Share Company's use of the proceeds derived from the
plan of reorganization can be reviewed only under section 24 (a) of
the Public Utility Holding Company Act. The judgment is vacated
and the cause is remanded to the Circuit Court of Appeals for con-
sideration of that question.
No. 1383. Bernard Paul Coy, petitioner, v. The United States of
America. On motion for leave to file petition for writ of certiorari.
Per curiam: Petitioner moves for leave to file a petition for cer-
tiorari under Sec. 262 of the Judicial Code, to review an order of the
Circuit Court of Appeals for the Sixth Circuit. The order denied
his petition for leave to proceed with his appeal in forma pauperis
from an order of the district court denying his motion to vacate sen-
tence upon a conviction on one count of an indictment for violation of

MONDAY, JUNE 18, 1945
283
Sec. 2 (a) and (b) of the Bank Robbery Act, 12 U. S. C. 588b (a)
and (b).
Petitioner filed, with the district court, notice of appeal from its
order and an application for leave to appeal in forma pauperis,
which the district court allowed. On the same day petitioner filed his
petition for leave to proceed with his appeal in forma pauperis with
the circuit court of appeals, which later denied his petition. As the
appeal allowed by the district court was already properly before the
circuit court of appeals, it should have allowed petitioner to proceed
upon the appeal in forma pauperis, as provided by the district court's
order. 28 U. S. C. 832; Steffler v. United States, 319 U. S. 38, 41.
The Government confesses error. The motion for leave to proceed
here in forma pauperis is granted. The motion for leave to file the
petition for certiorari is granted and the petition for writ of certiorari
is also granted. The order of the circuit court of appeals is vacated.
and the cause is remanded to that court in order that it may make
appropriate disposition of the appeal allowed by the district court.
No. E. Haydon Bozell, petitioner, v. Francis Biddle et al. The
motion for leave to file petition for writ of certiorari is denied.
No. .-. Ex parte William M. Lee, petitioner;
-
No. . Daisy Tegtmeyer. petitioner, v. William H. Tegtmeyer;
and
-.
No. Richard E. Blood, petitioner, v. State of Rhode Island.
Applications denied.
No. Herman Kennedy, petitioner, v. Percy A. Lainson, Warden.
The motion for leave to file petition for writ of habeas corpus is
denied.
No. 6, original. The State of Nebraska, complainant, v. The State
of Wyoming et al. An order is entered fixing the compensation of
the Special Master and allowing his expenses.
No. 11, original. The State of Georgia, complainant, v. The Penn-
sylvania Railroad Co. et al. The motions of the several defendants
for a Bill of Particulars are granted with respect to all of the matters
as specified in the paragraphs of the motion of the Northern defend-
ants, as follows:
Paragraphs I; III; IV, to and including the words "so dominated
and coerced by other defendants"; XIII, to and including the words
"from the ports of Georgia"; XIV, to and including the words
"whether they include commodity rates"; XX, to and including the
words "in Official territory"; and XXIV. In all other respects, the
motions are denied.
The Bill of Particulars is to be served upon counsel for the defend-
ants and to be filed with the clerk of this Court on or before August

MONDAY, JUNE 18, 1945
284
15, next. Defendants' time to answer the Bill of Complaint is ex-
tended to and including October 1, next.
No. 699. Beatrice L. Goldstone and Eugene L. Bondy, Executors,
etc., petitioners v. The United States of America. It is ordered that
footnote 2 on page 2 of the slip opinion be amended to read as follows:
"The judgment below is stated by the United States to be inconsistent
with the result reached in Lloyd's Estate v. Commissioner, 141 F. 2d
758 (C. C. A. 3) and to be in harmony with Bailey v. United States,
31 F. Supp. 778 (Ct. Cls.). The United States also claims that the
result below is inconsistent with the same court's prior affirmance of
Estate of Ballard v. Commissioner, 47 B. T. A. 784, affirmed, 138 F. 2d
512 (C. C. A. 2). In view of the manner of our disposition of the
instant case, however, we have no occasion to determine whether these
asserted conflicts exist or whether the decision here necessarily controls
the factual situations presented in these other cases."
It is further ordered that the last sentence of footnote 3 on page 4 of
the slip opinion which reads "Hence the estate tax liability properly
attached to the decedent's possession of that power at the moment of
her death" be deleted and the following substituted in its place: "The
fact that the power of appointment might have been destroyed prior
to the decedent's death did not prevent the imposition of the estate
tax. The decedent's death was still the decisive factor which enlarged
and matured the interests of the daughters."
No. 825. Henry Hawk, petitioner, v. Neil Olson, Warden, etc. It
is ordered that Joseph A. Fanelli, Esq., of Washington, D. C., a member
of the Bar of this Court, be appointed to serve as counsel for the
petitioner in this case.
No. 40. Gath P. Freeman, trustee, etc., appellant, v. Gilbert K.
Hewit, Director, etc.; and
No. 83. State of New York and Saratoga Springs Commission et al.,
petitioners, v. The United States of America. These cases are ordered
restored to the docket and assigned for reargument.
No. 666. United Brotherhood of Carpenters and Joiners of
America, petitioner, v. The United States of America;
No. 667. The Bay Counties District Council of Carpenters of the
United Brotherhood of Carpenters and Joiners of America et al.,
petitioners, v. The United States of America;
No. 668. Lumber Products Association, Inc., et al., petitioners, v.
The United States of America;
No. 674. Alameda County Building and Construction Trades
Council, petitioner, v. The United States of America; and
No. 675. Boorman Lumber Company et al., petitioners, v. The
United States of America. These cases are ordered restored to the

MONDAY, JUNE 18, 1945
285
docket and assigned for reargument. Counsel are requested to dis-
cuss in their briefs and upon oral argument the following questions:
(1) The scope of Section 6 of the Norris-LaGuardia Act in relation
to prosecutions under the Antitrust Act.
(2) The scope of Section 6 in relationship to Section 13 (b).
(3) The scope of the words "association or organization" appearing
in Section 6, in that section's relationship to Section 13 (b).
(4) Consideration of the Court's oral charge and written charges
requested and refused involving Section 6, in the light of objections
and exceptions by each and all of the defendants and the state of the
evidence on that issue as to each of them.
No. 1263. Mine Safety Appliances Company, appellant, v. James
V. Forrestal, Secretary of the Navy. Counsel will be free to discuss
in their briefs and upon oral argument the failure of appellant to
proceed before the Tax Court as provided in section 403 (e) of the
Renegotiation Act of 1942 as amended, 50 USC app., Supp. IV,
sec. 1191 (e).
No. 1213. Glick Brothers Lumber Company et al., petitioners, v.
Chester Bowles, A'dministrator, etc.; and
No. 1224. Bee Ray and Nathan Forbes, doing business as Superior
Uniform Cap and Shirt Mfg. Co., petitioners, v. Chester Bowles,
Administrator, etc. The application for a stay is denied.
No. 1326. Louis Stockstrom, petitioner, v. Commissioner of In-
ternal Revenue. Time within which to file respondent's brief ex-
tended to and including September 10, next.
No. 1269. Champlin Refining Company, appellant, v. The United
States of America et al. In this case probable jurisdiction is noted
and the case is transferred to the summary docket.
No. 1345. International Shoe Company, appellant, v. State of
Washington, Office of Unemployment Compensation and Placement,
and E. B. Riley, Commissioner. In this case probable jurisdiction in
noted and the case is transferred to the summary docket. The Court
does not care to hear argument on the question whether the statutes
attacked place an undue burden on interstate commerce.
No. 1272. The United States of America, petitioner, v. Petty Motor
Company;
No. 1273. The United States of America, petitioner, v. Merrill J.
Brockbank, doing business as Brockbank Apparel Company;
No. 1274. The United States of America, petitioner, v. William G.
Grimsdell, doing business as Grocer Printing Company;
No. 1275. The United States of America, petitioner, v. Charles F.
Wiggs, doing business as Chicago Flexible Shaft Company;

MONDAY, JUNE 18, 1945
286
No. 1276. The United States of America, petitioner, v. Independent
Pneumatic Tool Company;
No. 1277. The United States of America, petitioner, v. The Gali-
gher Company; and
No. 1278. The United States of America, petitioner, v. Gray-Can-
non Lumber Company. Petition for writs of certiorari to the Cir-
cuit Court of Appeals for the Tenth Circuit granted.
No. 952. Order of Railway Conductors of America, H. W. Fraser,
President thereof, et al., petitioners, v. Shelton Pitney and Walter P.
Gardner, Trustees, etc., et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
Circuit Court of Appeals for the Third Circuit granted.
No. 1033. The Roland Electrical Company, petitioner, v. L. Met-
calfe Walling, Administrator, ctc. Petition for writ of certiorari to
the Circuit Court of Appeals for the Fourth Circuit granted.
No. 849. Thomas Martino, petitioner, v. Michigan Window Clean-
ing Company. The order entered February 26, 1945, denying certi-
orari is vacated and the petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit
Court of Appeals for the Sixth Circuit is granted. The case is as-
signed for argument immediately following No. 1033.
No. 1266. Anna M. Boutell and Carroll M. Boutell, doing business
as F. J. Boutell Service Company, petitioners. v. L. Metcalfe Walling,
Administrator, etc. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit
Court of Appeals for the Sixth Circuit granted. The case is trans-
ferred to the summary docket and assigned for argument immedi-
ately following No. 849.
No. 884. Lyle E. Reilly, George A. Freibert, Fred J. Bauer, et al.,
petitioners, v. Harry A. Millis, individually, etc. Petition for writ
of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the District of
Columbia denied.
No. 1241. D. and W. Lines, Inc., petitioner, v. Lillian E. Garfield,
Administratrix, etc.;
No. 1242. D. and W. Lines, Inc., petitioner, v. John E. Baker; and
No. 1243. D. and W. Lines, Inc., petitioner, v. Doris M. Ward.
Petition for writs of certiorari to the Superior Court of Massachu-
setts denied.
No. 1261. Ward Holt, petitioner, v. Texas-New Mexico Pipeline
Company. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of
Appeals for the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 1279. Robert L. Emery et al., petitioners, v. Orleans Levee
Board. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of
Louisiana denied.

MONDAY, JUNE 18, 1945
287
No. 1280. Mary Vielle Lukin, Mary Lukin, Administratrix, etc.,
et al., petitioners, v. Frank L. Chatterton. Petition for writ of cer-
tiorari to the Supreme Court of Montana denied.
No. 1281. Grace B. Martin and Celia King, petitioners, v. Marian
Schillo, Adele Schillo, and Dorothy S. Fisher. Petition for writ of
certiorari to the Supreme Court of Illinois denied.
No. 1283. Jerry Vogel Music Co., Inc., petitioner, v. Forster Music
Publishers, Inc. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court
of Appeals for the Second Circuit denied.
No. 1284. Edna F. Stonesifer and Joseph N. Stonesifer, her hus-
band, petitioners, v. Carl J. Swanson et al., individually, etc., et. al.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of Appeals for
the Seventh Circuit denied.
No. 1286. Wisconsin Public Service Corporation, petitioner, v.
Federal Power Commission; and
No. 1297. State of Wisconsin, petitioner, v. Federal Power Com-
mission. Petitions for writs of certiorari to the Circuit Court of Ap-
peals for the Seventh Circuit denied.
No. 1289. United States, ex rel. Jack Wolf Zucker, petitioner, v.
Winslow Osborne, Director, Civilian Public Service Camp Number 46,
Big Flats, New York. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit
Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit denied.
No. 1291. Frank Roberts, petitioner, v. The United States of
America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of
Appeals for the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 1295. Clarion Oil Company, petitioner, v. Commissioner of
Internal Revenue; and
No. 1371. Commissioner of Internal Revenue, petitioner, v. Clarion
Oil Company. Petitions for writs of certiorari to the United States
Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia denied.
No. 1296. William A. Warehime, d. b. a. Nezen Milk Food Com-
pany, et al., petitioners, v. H. H. Varney, Milk Market Agent, War
Food Administration, et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Cir-
cuit Court of Appeals for the Sixth Circuit denied.
No. 1298. Estate of William Douglas Chew, Jr., etc., petitioner, v.
Commissioner of Internal Revenue. Petition for writ of certiorari to
the Circuit Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 1299. M/V "Julius H. Barnes" Erie & St. Lawrence Corpora-
tion, petitioner, v. Tug "Calatco No. 2" and Canal Lakes Towing Cor-
poration; and
No. 1300. Erie & St. Lawrence Corporation, Owner of the M/V
"Julius H. Barnes," petitioner, v. Tug "Calatco No. 2" and Canal Lakes
597362-45-101

MONDAY, JUNE 18, 1945
288
Towing Corporation. Petition for writs of certiorari to the Circuit
Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit denied.
No. 1302. Eline's, Inc., petitioner, v. Gaylord Container Corpora-
tion. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of Appeals
for the Seventh Circuit denied.
No. 1303. Eline's, Inc., petitioner, v. Lakeside Laboratories, Inc.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of Appeals for the
Seventh Circuit denied.
No. 1306. Humble Oil & Refining Company, petitioner, v. Eighth
Regional War Labor Board et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to
the Circuit Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 1312. John A. Wathen Distillery Company, petitioner, v.
Commissioner of Internal Revenue. Petition for writ of certiorari
to the Circuit Court of Appeals for the Sixth Circuit denied.
No. 1314. Richard Adolph Ascher, petitioner, v. The United States
of America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of
Appeals for the Second Circuit denied.
No. 1285. Abram W. Fournace, petitioner, v. Chester Bowles, Price
Administrator. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Emergency Court of Appeals denied.
No. 1315. The Commonwealth of Massachusetts, The City of Bos-
ton, et al., petitioners, v. The New York, New Haven, and Hartford
Railroad Company, debtor; and
No. 1316. Homer N. Chapin, et al., as executive committee for Insti-
tutional Group for Boston Terminal Bonds, petitioners, v. New York,
New Haven and Hartford Railroad Company, debtor, et al. Peti-
tions for writs of certiorari to the Circuit Court of Appeals for the
Second Circuit denied.
No. 1320. Sam Millard, petitioner, v. The United States of America.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of Appeals for the
Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 1327. John E. Savage and The Lorraine Corporation, peti-
tioners, v. David B. Lorraine and L. F. Baash, receiver. Petition for
writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit
denied.
No. 1331. Bruno Albert Frederick Heine, petitioner, v. The United
States of America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court
of Appeals for the Second Circuit denied.
No. 1342. Joel O. Randall, petitioner, v. The United States of
America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of Ap-
peals for the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 1369. Everett M. Bratcher, petitioner, v. The United States of
America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of Ap-
peals for the Fourth Circuit denied.

MONDAY, JUNE 18, 1945
289
No. 1374. Joseph Di Melia, petitioner, v. Chester Bowles, Price
Administrator, et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit
Court of Appeals for the First Circuit denied.
No. 1282. Charles A. Hottenstein, Carl Schmoyer, and Andrew
Fekety, petitioners, v. York Ice Machinery Corporation. On consid-
eration of the suggestion of a diminution of the record and a motion
for a writ of certiorari in that relation, the motion for certiorari is
denied. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of Ap-
peals for the Third Circuit denied.
No. 1294. Jones & Laughlin Steel Corporation, petitioner, v. Na-
tional Labor Relations Board. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
Circuit Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit denied. The Chief
Justice and Mr. Justice Roberts took no part in the consideration or
decision of this application.
No. 1270. John J. Spriggs, petitioner, v. The State Board of Law
Examiners. The application for a stay is denied. Petition for writ
of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Wyoming denied.
No. 1199. Louis David Young, petitioner, v. Joseph W. Sanford,
Warden, etc. On petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court
of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit;
No. 1209. Louis Burall, petitioner, v. James A. Johnston, Warden,
etc. On petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of Ap-
peals for the Ninth Circuit;
No. 1212. Basil Banghart, petitioner, v. The United States of
America. On petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of
Appeals for the Fourth Circuit;
No. 1228. Lyman Glover Coffin, petitioner, v. Dr. John D. Reichard.
On petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of Appeals for
the Sixth Circuit;
No. 1244. Maxwell P. Oxman, petitioner, v. The United States of
America. On petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of
Appeals for the Eighth Circuit;
No. 1250. Joseph Coghlan, petitioner, v. The United States of
America. On petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of
Appeals for the Eighth Circuit;
No. 1253. Vernice G. Davis, petitioner, v. The United States of
America. On petition for writ of certorari to the Circuit Court of
Appeals for the Fifth Circuit;
No. 1288. Robert Noble, petitioner, v. C. O. Botkin, Superintendent,
etc. On petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of
Appeals for the District of Columbia;
No. 1292. James Nevils Williams, petitioner, v. The United States
of America. On petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of
Appeals for the Fifth Circuit;

MONDAY, JUNE 18, 1945
290
No. 1301. Huey R. Lee, Jr., petitioner, v. State of Alabama. On
petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Alabama;
No. 1304. Cecil A. Diggs, petitioner, v. E. J. Welch, Superintendent,
etc. On petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of
Appeals for the District of Columbia;
No. 1311. Floyd Dunbar, petitioner, v. The United States of Amer-
ica. On petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of Ap-
peals for the Seventh Circuit;
No. 1340. Carl Woodward, petitioner, v. Joseph E. Ragen, Warden,
etc. On petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of
Illinois;
No. 1341. George White Thunder, petitioner, v. Walter A. Hunter,
Warden, etc. On petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court
of Appeals for the Tenth Circuit;
No. 1353. J. Ralph De Marcos, petitioner, v. Dr. Winfred Over-
holser, Superintendent, etc. On petition for writ of certiorari to
the United States Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia;
No. 1356. Howard O. Bonham, petitioner, v. Joseph E. Ragen,
Warden, etc. On petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court
of Illinois;
No. 1358. Leo Bailey, petitioner, v. State of Florida. On peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Florida;
No. 1363. Ernest F. Dorsey, Jr., petitioner, v. Howard B. Gill,
Superintendent, etc. On petition for writ of certiorari to the United
States Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia;
No. 1370. Stephen J. Nichols, petitioner, v. Walter Nierstheiner,
Warden, etc. On petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court
of Illinois; and
No. 1378. Elmer Swanson, petitioner, v. Joseph E. Ragen, Warden,
etc. On petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Illi-
nois. The motions for leave to proceed in forma pauperis in these
cases are granted. The petitions for writs of certiorari are denied.
No. 1368. Eddie Stewart, petitioner, v. Joseph E. Ragen, Warden,
etc. The motion for leave to proceed in forma pauperis is granted.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Illinois de-
nied. The motion for leave to file petition for writ of habeas corpus
is also denied.
No. 1377. George Roscoe, petitioner, v. The United States of Amer-
ica. The motion for leave to proceed in forma pauperis is granted.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of Appeals for
the Sixth Circuit denied for the reason that application therefor was
not made within the time provided by law. Rule XI of the Criminal
Appeals Rules, 292 U. S. 665–66; Coy v. United States, 316 U. S.
342.

MONDAY, JUNE 18, 1945
291
No. 811. Leo H. Hill et al., petitioners, v. State of Florida, ex rel.
J. Tom Watson, Attorney General. Time within which to file petition
for rehearing extended to and including August 1, next.
No.
-
-. Cecil Snow, petitioner, v. James A. Johnston, Warden;
No. 84. O. B. Williams and Lillie Shaver Hendrix, petitioners, v.
The State of North Carolina;
No. 610. Angelus Milling Company, petitioner, v. Commissioner
of Internal Revenue;
No. 1151. Mollie Moore, petitioner, v. Mrs. M. G. Bailey;
No. 1160. David Fisher, petitioner, v. Jack L. Medwedeff, Trustee,
etc.;
No. 1162. Georgia M. Spruill, petitioner, v. William T. Ballard
et al; and
No. 1210. Minola Tamesa, petitioner, v. The United States of
America. The petitions for rehearing are denied.
No. 110. Chase Securities Corporation, now known as Amerex
Holding Corporation, appellant, v. Frank A. Donaldson et al. The
petition for rehearing is denied. Mr. Justice Roberts and Mr. Justice
Douglas took no part in the consideration or decision of this applica-
tion.
No. 446. Ambassador, Inc., et al., appellants, v. The United States
of America et al. Petition for rehearing denied. Mr. Justice Roberts,
Mr. Justice Black, and Mr. Justice Douglas took no part in the con-
sideration or decision of this application.
No. 1208. Clara I. Mays, petitioner, v. William T. Burgess, Frances
E. Burgess, et al. Petition for rehearing denied. Mr. Justice Roberts,
Mr. Justice Reed, and Mr. Justice Jackson took no part in the consid-
eration or decision of this application.
No. 661, October Term, 1934. Leo Awotin, petitioner, v. Atlas Ex-
change National Bank of Chicago. Petition to set aside the judgment
and for other relief denied.
No. 377. Precision Instrument Manufacturing Company et al., peti-
tioners, v. Automotive Maintenance Machinery Company. Petition
for clarification of the opinion denied.
No. 663. The United States of America et al., appellants, v. Capital
Transit Company et al. The petitions for rehearing and the petition
for a modification of the opinion are denied.
No. 470. American Power & Light Company, petitioner, v. Securi-
ties and Exchange Commission; and
No. 815. Securities and Exchange Commission, petitioner, v. Sam-
uel Okin. It is ordered that the word "typewritten", appearing in
the ninth line of the final paragraph of the Court's opinion be stricken,
and the word "full" substituted therefor; and that the following

MONDAY, JUNE 18, 1945
292
sentence be added to said paragraph: "The Court below has discre-
tion to deal with the problem of the necessity of a record, and the
extent thereof, in connection with a motion to dismiss or affirm on
the ground that the petition for review is frivolous."
for rehearing in No. 815 is otherwise denied.
The motion
No. 950. Superior Coal Company, petitioner, v. Commissioner of
Internal Revenue. The motion for leave to file petition for rehearing
is denied for want of jurisdiction. R. Simpson & Co. v. Commissioner,
321 U. S. 225.
No. 721. Jewell Ridge Coal Corporation, petitioner, v. Local No.
6167, United Mine Workers of America, etc. Petition for rehearing
denied. Opinion by Mr. Justice Jackson in which Mr. Justice Frank-
furter concurs.
No. 467. Estate of John S. Garrett, Jr., deceased, Bankrupt, etc.
The motion for leave to file petition for rehearing is granted. The
petition for rehearing is denied.
Mr. Justice Roberts took no part in the consideration or decision
of the cases in which orders are this day announced.
The Chief Justice announced the following order:
"All cases submitted and all business before the Court at this term
in readiness for disposition having been disposed of.
"It is ordered by this Court that all cases on the docket be, and
they hereby are, continued to the next term."
Adjourned to the time and place appointed by law.