I
OCTOBER TERM, 1945
STATISTICS
Original
Appellate
Total
Number of cases on docket….
12
1,317
1, 329
Cases disposed of.....
0
1, 161
1, 161
Remaining on docket....
12
156
168
Cases disposed of-
By written opinions__
By per curiam opinions_
By denial or dismissal of petitions for certiorari………….
By motion to dismiss or per stipulation.
Page
173
45
943
-12-
Number of written opinions_
Number of admissions to the bar __.
REFERENCE INDEX
27136
1644
Proceedings at Special Term (Yamashita) --
Stone, C. J., death of (April 22, 1946) announced. Last opin-
ion read (dissent) No. 572. Last opinion (majority) No.
405 announced by Black, J..
Roberts, J., resignation announced _____
101
209, 211, 220
1
Burton, J., commission read and oath taken (October 1, 1945) –
Mrs. Charles Evans Hughes, death of (December 6, 1945) an-
2
nounced__
86
Mrs. Louis D. Brandeis, death of (October 11, 1945) an-
nounced
34
Mrs. Rosamond L. Sutherland, death of (April 4, 1946) an-
nounced
208
Tom C. Clark, Attorney General, presented_
3
J. Howard McGrath, Solicitor General, presented and admitted
to practice
4
Harold William Judson, Assistant and Acting Solicitor Gen-
eral, presented_____
3
Ernest Knaebel, Reporter, retirement announced____
157
Walter Wyatt, Reporter, appointment announced___
157
657009-46- -94

II
Bond of Marshal approved.
Court adjourned from Tuesday, April 23, until Monday, April
29, out of respect to Stone, C. J.---.
Criminal Rules prescribed--
Admiralty Rule 46 amended--
Allotment of Justices
Disbarment, In the Matter of H. Eugene Gardner____
Counsel appointed (Nos. 631, 671, 764, 914) --
Judgments announced (Nos. 5, 804)-
Page
230
220, 221
147
234
39,67
234
178, 269
120,267
186
Judgment reaffirmed (No. 160 O. T. 1944) --
Judgments affirmed by equally divided Court (Nos. 290, 402,
410)
127, 149
Judgment of Circuit Court vacated upon filing of motion by
petitioner to waive only error assigned in petition. Case
remanded for consideration of other errors assigned in but
not considered by Circuit Court (No. 1087) ––
233
28, 79, 100, 129, 269
Opinions amended (Nos. 820 O. T. 1944, 49, 59, 71, 36–47,
517)-
Dissenting opinions (2) rendered on denial, without opinion,
of petition for writ of certiorari and motion for leave to file
petition for writs of habeas corpus and prohibition (Nos.
93 Misc., 818) ----
Bail application for denied by Court (No. 470).
Bail application granted by Court (Federal Case) (No. 221)_
Stay order-execution of Japanese War Criminal stayed pend-
ing receipt of petition for certiorari. Application for writs
of habeas corpus and prohibition had been received but con-
sideration was deferred pending receipt of petition for certio-
rari (Nos. 61 Misc., 672) --
….
Stay order-motion to vacate injunction pending appeal denied
(No., U. S. v. State of New York).
Original action following filing of 822-page answer, a motion
to strike was filed and pending action on such motion Court
ordered defendant to file a succinct statement, without argu-
ment, of the several propositions of law and fact which it
deemed placed in issue by said answer. The statement was
filed and Court then directed that a pretrial conference be
held with the Acting Chief Justice to clarify the pleadings
which resulted in the filing of a new answer (No. 12
Original)
Amicus curiae-leave granted an individual not a member of
this Bar to file brief (No. 1034) ---
Arguments pro se (Nos. 48-64, 49, 86, 392) ---
Arguments pro hac vice (Nos. 71, 61 Misc.) --
149
8
207
99
269
211
256
40, 91, 110
61, 115

III
Page
Argument suspended due to illness of counsel (No. 361) – 195, 196, 199
Argument suspended from April 22 to April 29 due to death
219, 226
of Chief Justice (No. 625).
Argument resumed-two companion cases were argued sep-
arately and at the conclusion of the second case counsel in
the first case resumed argument in that case (Nos. 263-
317) ___
---
118, 119
232
Argument for Congress as amicus curiae (Nos. 809-10-11).
Appeal dismissed in part and judgment otherwise affirmed after
argument (No. 35).
Appeal dismissed on ground that it had not been properly al-
lowed. Allowed by a judge of a state court other than the
"Chief or Presiding" Judge (No. 725) --
Certiorari dismissed due to death of petitioner (No. 219).
Certiorari dismissed as to one petitioner upon suggestion of
death (No. 19) –
Certiorari, order denying vacated (No. 204) --
Certiorari, order denying vacated and certiorari granted, ex
mero motu (No. 290) ---
Certiorari, order denying vacated and certiorari granted (No.
489) ___.
Certiorari, order granting certiorari vacated (No. 606).
Certiorari denied for reason that brief not "direct and concise"
as required by par. 2 of Rule 38 (No. 489) –
Certiorari-motion for leave to file petition for enlargement of
scope of review (filed after argument) denied (Nos. 19–20) --
Motion to strike petition for certiorari denied (No. 260) --
Motion to file substituted petition for certiorari denied (Nos.
587-8-9)--
------
Motion to dismiss writ of certiorari as moot postponed to hear-
ing on merits (No. 67) __.
Motions to withdraw appearance (Nos. 373, 520)
50
128
38
150
36
36
113
192
90
269
24
106
104
48, 129
Motion for continuance granted and case assigned (No. 34) --
Motion for continuance granted (Nos. 115-116) --
Motion for continuance for full bench denied (No. 75) ….
Motion for leave to intervene denied (No. 12 Original).
8
----
81
36
150
Motion for leave to intervene and file motion to dismiss denied
(No. 243).
35
Motion of party not a litigant to file statement in support of
petition for certiorari denied (Nos. 254–255) ---
12
Motion to bring up additional parts of the record (Court of
Claims) denied (No. 68) --
23
Motion to bring up entire record and cause on certificate post-
poned until hearing on merits (No. 411) --
104

IV
Certificate dismissed on ground appeal to Circuit Court had
been dismissed by appellant (No. 751) --
Page
157
39, 158, 180, 113, 255, 270
Rehearings granted (Nos. 160 O. T. 1944, 290, 402, 410, 489, 885,
1143)
Rehearing, motion for leave to withdraw granted (No. 337 O. T.
1944) …….
Rehearing, motion for leave to file sixth petition denied (No.
188) -
Reargument, order restoring case for, vacated (No. 34).
Reargument ordered, ex mero motu, on assumption that District
Court had jurisdiction (No. 428) --.
Reargument ordered after hearing by six Justices and death of
Chief Justice (depriving Court of quorum) (Nos. 2, 3, 6, 7) ––
Order suspending call of docket and fixing adjournment date__
Final order___.
8
194
190
150
241
238
279
U. S. GOVERNMENT PRINTING OFFICE: 1948

MONDAY, OCTOBER 1, 1945
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
1
Present: The Chief Justice, Mr. Justice Black, Mr. Justice Reed,
Mr. Justice Frankfurter, Mr. Justice Douglas, Mr. Justice Murphy,
Mr. Justice Rutledge, and Mr. Justice Burton.
Charles Edwin Congdon, of Salamanca, N. Y.; Wiley Johnson, of
Dallas, Tex.; Thomas J. Lane, of Lawrence, Mass.; Robert D. Durst,
of Springfield, Mo.; Jos. Irion Worsham, of Dallas, Tex.; Harlan
E. Orr, of South Bend, Ind.; Walter E. Lorence, of Washington,
D. C.; Richard C. Butler, of Little Rock, Ark.; Charles A. Poellnitz,
of Florence, Ala.; John Lincoln Rowland, of Los Angeles, Calif.;
Wm. A. Moon, of Springfield, Mo.; Parker Fred Moon, of Spring-
field, Mo.; Sydney Peter Murman, of Berkeley, Calif.; Frederick
William Appell, of New York, N. Y.; Sarah Catherine Moriarty, of
Washington, D. C.; Norman C. Burnworth, of Indianapolis, Ind.;
Kenneth E. Gemmill, of Spokane, Wash.; Felix Eugene Alley, Jr.,
of Waynesville, N. C.; John Hayes Alley, of Waynesville, N. C.;
Robert Cline Alley, of Waynesville, N. C.; Louis F. Huttenlocher,
of New York, N. Y.; John Parks Davis, of San Francisco, Calif.;
Jess S. Raban, of Chicago, Ill.; Nathan Rubey, of Washington, D. C.;
Charles B. Seton, of New York, N. Y.; Samuel W. Earnshaw, of
Norwalk, Conn.; Thomas A. Hackett, of Huntington, N. Y.; Ray-
mond Gittelman, of Washington, D. C.; Harold Leon Winston, of
New York, N. Y.; Wade H. Ellis, of Alliance, Nebr.; Charles E.
Carlsen, Jr., of Minneapolis, Minn.; William A. Blank, of New York,
N. Y.; Henry W. Kellner, of Cliffside Park, N. J.; Dee C. Blythe,
of Clovis, N. Mex.; Berdon M. Bell, of Raleigh, N. C.; Guyton P.
McCord, Jr., of Tallahassee, Fla.; Andrew J. Newhouse, of Coos
Bay, Oreg.; John De Courcy, of Hamilton, Mass.; Campbell Pilcher,
of New York, N. Y.; Ruth Rouss, of Colorado Springs, Colo.; Dennis
O'Rourke, of Colorado Springs, Colo.; William A. Jacobs, of Meriden,
Conn.; and William A. Furman, Jr., of Washington, D. C., were ad-
mitted to practice.
The Chief Justice said:
"With deep regret I announce the resignation of Mr. Justice
Roberts as an Associate Justice of this Court. His resignation, tend-
ered to the President last July, after the adjournment of the Court
for the term, took effect on July 31 last. Appointed by President
Hoover, Justice Roberts took his seat on the Bench on June 2, 1930.
His term of office as a Justice of this Court thus extended over a period
657009-45-1

MONDAY, OCTOBER 1, 1945
2
of fifteen years. During that period he has given to the Court and to
the Nation the benefit of his great skill and wide knowledge, gained
through years of assiduous study and practice of the law. He has
faithfully discharged the heavy responsibility which rests on a Justice
of this Court with promptness and dispatch, and with untiring energy.
We who have shared with him that responsibility and in the common
endeavor to make the law realize the ideal of justice among men, give
to him the assurance of our continued good will and friendly regard.
We wish for him in his retirement good health, abiding strength, and
with them the full enjoyment of those satisfactions which will come
from the continued devotion of his knowledge and skill to worthy
achievement.
"The President, with the advice and consent of the Senate, has ap-
pointed the Honorable Harold H. Burton, Senator from Ohio, an
Associate Justice of this Court to succeed Justice Roberts. Justice
Burton has taken the Constitutional Oath administered by the Chief
Justice. He is now present in Court. The Clerk will read his com-
mission. He will then take the Judicial Oath, to be administered by
the Clerk, after which the Marshal will escort him to his seat on the
Bench."
The Clerk then read the commission as follows:
"HARRY S. TRUMAN
"PRESIDENT OF THE UNITED STATES OF AMERICA
"To All Who Shall See These Presents, Greeting:
"KNOW YE: That reposing special trust and confidence in the wisdom,
uprightness, and learning of Harold H. Burton, of Ohio, I have nom-
inated, and, by and with the advice and consent of the Senate, do
appoint him an Associate Justice of the Supreme Court of the United
States and do authorize and empower him to execute and fulfill the
duties of that office according to the Constitution and laws of the said
United States, and to have and to hold the said office, with all the
powers, privileges, and emoluments to the same of right appertaining,
unto him, the said Harold H. Burton, during his good behavior.
"IN TESTIMONY WHEREOF, I have caused these letters to be made
patent and the seal of the Department of Justice to be hereunto affixed.
"Done at the city of Washington this twenty-second day of Septem-
ber in the year of our Lord one thousand nine hundred and forty-five,
and of the Independence of the United States of America the one
hundred and seventieth.
"By the President:
"TOM C. CLARK,
"Attorney General."
“HARRY S. Truman.

MONDAY, OCTOBER 1, 1945
3
The oath of office was then administered by the Clerk, and Mr.
Justice Burton was escorted by the Marshal to his seat upon the Bench.
Mr. Assistant to the Attorney General McGranery presented the
Honorable Tom C. Clark, of Texas, Attorney General of the United
States.
The Chief Justice said:
"Mr. Attorney General, the Court welcomes you to the performance
of the important duties which devolve upon you as the chief law
officer of the Government, and as an officer of this Court. Your com-
mission will be recorded by the Clerk."
Mr. Assistant to the Attorney General McGranery presented the
Honorable Harold William Judson, of California, Assistant and
Acting Solicitor General of the United States.
The Chief Justice said:
"Mr. Solicitor General, we welcome you as the officer of the Court
specially charged with the duty of representing the Government at
the Bar of this Court in all cases brought to it for adjudication in
which the Government asserts an interest. Your commission will be
recorded by the Clerk."
No. 201. Hugh Callan, Petitioner, v. Joseph W. Sanford, Warden,
United States Penitentiary, Atlanta, Georgia. On petition for cer-
tiorari to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Fifth
Circuit. Dismissed on motion of counsel for petitioner.
No. 315. Charles Jennings, Petitioner, v. Herbert Smith, Warden,
Eastern State Pententiary. On petition for certiorari to the Supreme
Court of the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania. Dismissed on motion
of petitioner.
Adjourned until Monday, October 8, next at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Monday, October 8, will be as follows: Nos. 17, 45,
21, 73, 42, 22, 23 (24, 25, 26, 27, 28, 29, 30, 31, 32, 33), 35, 36,
and 47.
Х

MONDAY, OCTOBER 8, 1945
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
4
Present: The Chief Justice, Mr. Justice Black, Mr. Justice Reed,
Mr. Justice Frankfurter, Mr. Justice Douglas, Mr. Justice Murphy,
Mr. Justice Rutledge, and Mr. Justice Burton.
Mr. Attorney General Clark presented the Honorable J. Howard
McGrath of Rhode Island, Solicitor General of the United States, and
moved his admission to the Bar.
The Chief Justice said:
"Mr. Solicitor General, we welcome you as the officer of the Court
specially charged with the duty of representing the Government at
the Bar of this Court in all cases brought to it for adjudication in
which the Government asserts an interest. Your commission will be
recorded by the Clerk. Will you please go to the Clerk's desk and
take the oath."
J. Howard McGrath, of Providence, R. I.; Paul V. McNutt, of
Indianapolis, Ind.; Richard Earle Davis, of Morgantown, W. Va.;
George McClellan Henry, of Philadelphia, Pa.; E. Sclater Montague,
of Hampton, Va.; James S. Lester, of Oskaloosa, Kans.; Julian Eu-
gene Cook, of Atlanta, Ga.; Robert W. Molloy, of Grand Rapids,
Mich.; Oscar J. Keep, of Miami, Fla.; W. C. Lantaff, of Miami, Fla.;
Frank J. Link, of Chicago, Ill.; Wendell R. Mangis, of Chicago, Ill.;
David W. Dyer, of Miami, Fla.; Fred O. Burkhalter, of Cleveland,
Ohio; Claude T. Barnes, of Salt Lake City, Utah; Edwin D. Hatch,
of Salt Lake City, Utah; Leon A. Cousens, of Detroit, Mich.; Jacob
Rosenberg, of New York, N. Y.; Julian C. Tepper, of New York,
N. Y.; Eugene L. Lora, of Union City, N. J.; Elliott G. Flowers, of
Houston, Tex.; Richard H. Meigs, of Detroit, Mich.; Carol G. Wynn,
of Los Angeles, Calif.; Julius F. Tuchler, of Dallas, Tex.; Morris
Lowenthal, of San Francisco, Calif.; Nathan L. Silberberg, of Wash-
ington, D. C.; Herbert H. McCampbell, Jr., of Knoxville, Tenn.;
John H. Davidson, of Washington, Pa.; Victor E. LaRue, of Chicago,
Ill.;
and Eugene A. Tappy, of Chicago, Ill., were admitted to practice.
The Chief Justice announced the following orders of the Court:
No. 141. Robert W. Johnson, Thelma B. Johnson, P. A. McIntosh,
et al., appellants, v. Meagher County, A Political Subdivision of the
State of Montana, and Emmett Cox, Treasurer. Appeal from the
657009-45-1

MONDAY, OCTOBER 8, 1945
5
Supreme Court of Montana. Per curiam: The motion to dismiss is
granted, and the appeal is dismissed for want of jurisdiction. Sec.
237 (a), Judicial Code as amended, 28 U. S. C. sec. 344 (a); Charleston
Ass'n. v. Alderson, 324 U. S. 182, 185, and cases cited. Treating the
papers whereon the appeal was allowed as a petition for writ of cer-
tiorari, as required by sec. 237 (c) of the Judicial Code as amended,
28 U. S. C. sec. 344 (c), certiorari is denied.
No. 144. St. Louis Amusement Company, St. Louis Ambassador
Theatre, Inc., Eden Theatre Company, et al., appellants, v. The United
States of America, Paramount Pictures, Inc., et al. Appeal from the
District Court of the United States for the Southern District of New
York. Per curiam: The motions to dismiss are granted and the appeal
is dismissed for want of jurisdiction. United States v. California
Canneries, 279 U. S. 553, 556, and cases cited; Allen Co. v. Cash Regis-
ter Co., 322 U. S. 137, 142.
No. 178. Carolina Scenic Coach Lines, A Co-Partnership, appel-
lant, v. The United States of America, Interstate Commerce Commis-
sion, and Smoky Mountain Stages, Inc. Appeal from the District
Court of the United States for the Western District of North Caro-
lina. Per curiam: The motions to affirm are granted and the judgment.
is affirmed. I. C. C. v. Jersey City, 322 U. S. 503, 515, and cases cited.
No. 215. Deaton Truck Line, Inc., appellant, v. The United States
of America and Interstate Commerce Commission. Appeal from the
District Court of the United States for the Northern District of Ala-
bama. Per curiam: The motion to affirm is granted and the judgment
is affirmed. (1) United States v. Hancock Truck Lines, Inc., 324 U. S.
774. (2) United States v. Carolina Carriers Corporation, 315 U. S.
475.
No. 225. Frank A. Bemis, appellant, v. Humble Oil & Refining
Company, Humble Pipe Line Company, S. E. Douthit, et al. Appeal
from the Court of Civil Appeals, 1st Supreme Judicial District, State
of Texas. Per curiam: The appeal is dismissed for want of juris-
diction. Sec. 237 (a), Judicial Code, as amended, 28 U. S. C. sec.
344 (a); Charleston Ass'n. v. Alderson, 324 U. S. 182, 185, and cases
cited. Treating the papers whereon the appeal was allowed as a
petition for writ of certiorari, as required by sec. 237 (c) of the
Judicial Code, as amended, 28 U. S. C., sec. 344 (c), certiorari is denied.
No. 267. Arthur Strobel, appellant, v. Michael F. Mulcahy, Sheriff
of Cook County, Illinois. Appeal from the Supreme Court of
Illinois. Per curiam: The motion for leave to proceed in forma
pauperis is granted. The appeal is dismissed for want of jurisdic-
tion. Sec. 237 (a), Judicial Code, as amended, 28 U. S. C., sec. 344 (a);
Charleston Ass'n. v. Alderson, 324 U. S. 182, 185, and cases cited.
Treating the papers whereon the appeal was allowed as a petition

3
MONDAY, OCTOBER 8, 1945
6
for writ of certiorari, as required by sec. 237 (c) of the Judicial Code,
as amended, 28 U. S. C., sec. 344 (c), certiorari is denied.
No. 284. Delavan Home and Land Company, Inc., appellant, v.
County of Erie, State of New York. Appeal from the Supreme
Court of the State of New York, Erie County. Per curiam: The
appeal is dismissed for want of a substantial federal question.
Winona & St. Peter Land Co. v. Minnesota, 159 U. S. 526; Anderson
Nat. Bank v. Luckett, 321 U. S. 233, 243, and cases cited.
No. 341. H. L. Mosher, appellant, v. W. R. Wayland, Jane Way-
land, and F. I. Stafford, Deceased, et al. Appeal from the Supreme
Court of Arizona. Per curiam: The appeal is dismissed for want of
a properly presented federal question. Whitney v. California, 274
U. S. 357, 360, and cases cited.
No. 368. Madison Avenue Offices, Inc., appellant, v. Rollin Browne
et al., etc. Appeal from the Supreme Court of New York. Per
curiam: The appeal is dismissed for want of a substantial federal
question. Rapid Transit Co. v. New York, 303 U. S. 573, 577–578,
582-583; Carmichael v. Southern Coal Co., 301 U. S. 495, 509–513.
No. 369. Donald MacDonald et al., as Executors, etc., appellants,
v. Rollin Browne et al., etc. Appeal from the Supreme Court of New
York. Per curiam: The appeal is dismissed for want of a substan-
tial federal question. Rapid Transit Co. v. New York, 303 U. S. 573,
577–578, 582–583; Carmichael v. Southern Coal Co., 301 U. S. 495,
509-513.
No. 386. American Stores Dairy Company, appellant, v. Wiscon-
sin Department of Taxation. Appeal from the Supreme Court of
Wisconsin. Per curiam: The appeal is dismissed for want of a prop-
erly presented federal question. Whitney v. California, 274 U. S. 357,
360, and cases cited; Godchaux v. Estopinal, 251 U. S. 179.
No. 8. Walter B. Atkins, petitioner, v. Ethel W. Atkins. On writ
of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Illinois. Per curiam: The
judgment is vacated and the cause is remanded to the Supreme Court
of Illinois in order to enable it to reexamine its decision in the light
of Williams v. North Carolina, No. 84, October Term 1944 (decided
May 21, 1945), and Esenwein v. Commonwealth ex rel. Esenwein, No.
20, October Term, 1944 (decided May 21, 1945); Busey v. District of
Columbia, 319 U. S. 579, 580; New York, ex rel. Whitman v. Wilson,
318 U. S. 688, 690-691 and cases cited; State Tax Commission v. Van
Cott, 306 U. S. 511, 515–516. Mr. Justice Black dissents.
The Chief Justice said:
"The other orders of the Court appear upon the list certified by
the Chief Justice and filed with the Clerk and will not be announced
orally."

MONDAY, OCTOBER 8, 1945
7
No. 6, original. The State of Nebraska, complainant, v. The State
of Wyoming and the State of Colorado. Decree entered.
No. 8, original. The State of Kansas, complainant, v. The State of
Missouri. Upon consideration of the stipulation of counsel it is
ordered that the time for marking the boundary be extended until the
further order of the Court.
No. 9, original. The State of Illinois, complainant, v. The State of
Indiana et al. The answers of the several defendants to the amended
bill are received and ordered filed.
No. 11, original. The State of Georgia, complainant, v. The Penn-
sylvania Railroad Company et al. The bill of particulars of the State
of Georgia is received and ordered filed.
No. 4. Gath P. Freeman, Trustee, etc., appellant, v. Gilbert K.
Hewit, Director of Gross Income Tax Division, etc. On reargument
counsel are requested to address themselves in their briefs and on oral
argument to the following questions:
1. Were the sales of securities as made in the circumstances of this
case, including the transactions upon the New York Stock Exchange,
interstate sales within the meaning and application of Adams Mfg.
Co. v. Storen, 304 U. S. 307; cf. McGoldrick v. Berwind-White Coal
Mining Co., 309 U. S. 33, 58?
2. Does the commerce clause forbid Indiana to levy a gross receipts
tax upon the transactions in question, in the absence of any showing
that a similar or substantial tax is, or may be, in fact laid upon them
by any other state?
3. To what extent, if any, is Indiana's power to tax the gross re-
ceipts from these transactions affected, under the commerce clause, by
the facts that domicile of the seller or situs of the securities prior to
conclusion of the sales was in Indiana?
No. 5. State of New York and Saratoga Springs Commission et al.,
petitioners, v. The United States of America. On reargument coun-
sel, without restricting their argument in any other respect, are
requested to address themselves in their briefs and on oral argument
to the following questions:
1. May Congress constitutionally include for taxation in a generally
applicable taxing act any state property or activity or the income
derived by the state from them, or any other source, so long as the
tax does not discriminate against the state, or so long as the tax is
not laid on the interest taxed, merely because it is that of a state-
and if income of a private person from a like source may be con-
stitutionally taxed?
2. To what extent may a state, by enlarging its property ownership
or its activities, withdraw from the reach of the federal taxing power
property and income which are normally subject to federal taxation

MONDAY, OCTOBER 8, 1945
8
when owned or received by private persons? See United States v.
California, 297 U. S. 175, 184, 185, and cases cited.
No. 2, October Term, 1941. Martin J. Bernards and Lena Bernards,
petitioners, v. M. R. Johnson, Catherine Collins, et al. The motion
to recall the mandate is denied.
No. 558, October Term, 1944. American Trucking Association, Inc.,
Southern Motor Carriers' Rate Conference, et al., appellants, v. The
United States of America, Interstate Commerce Commission, et al.
The motion for allowance of costs is denied.
No. 593, October Term, 1944. Radio Station WOW, Inc., et al.,
petitioners, v. Homer H. Johnson. The motion as to costs is denied.
No. 337, October Term, 1944. International Union of Mine, Mill
and Smelter Workers, Locals No. 15, et al., etc., petitioners, v. Eagle-
Picher Mining and Smelting Company et al. The motions for leave
to withdraw the petitions for rehearings are granted.
No. 57. Courtney M. Mabee, Clark K. Barnum, et al., petitioners,
v. White Plains Publishing Company, Inc. The motion to print an
abbreviated record is granted.
No. 34. United Federal Workers of America (C. I. O.) et al., appel-
lants, v. Harry B. Mitchell et al. On consideration of the motion
to continue it is ordered that this case be set for argument at the
head of the call for Monday, December 3.
No. 62. The East New York Savings Bank, appellant, v. Alvin
Hahn and Hannah Hahn. The motion of the State of New York for
leave to present oral argument as amicus curiae is granted.
No. 48. Universal Oil Products Company, petitioner, v. Root Re-
fining Company; and
No. 64. Universal Oil Products Company, petitioner, v. Root Re-
fining Company. The motion of J. Bernhard Thiess and Thorley von
Holst for leave to file brief and present oral argument as amici curiae
is granted.
No. 160, October Term, 1944. Elgin, Joliet and Eastern Railway
Company, petitioner, v. G. W. Burley et al. The motions of the
Congress of Industrial Organizations and the Railway Labor Ex-
ecutives' Association for leave to file briefs amici curiae in support
of the petition for rehearing are granted.
No. 470. United States ex rel. Wm. A. Doss, petitioner, v. E. E.
Lindsley, Sheriff, etc. The application for bail presented to Mr. Jus-
tice Murphy, and by him referred to the Court, was considered by it
and denied.
No. 12, Misc. Bernard M. Shotkin v. T. Blake Kennedy, Acting
Judge. The motion for leave to file petition for writ of mandamus is
denied.

MONDAY, OCTOBER 8, 1945
9
No. 1, Misc. Garfield J. Kelly, petitioner, v. Alfred A. Dowd,
Warden;
No. 5, Misc. Theodore James Audett, petitioner, v. James A. John-
ston, Warden;
No. 6, Misc. Einar Frettie, petitioner, v. P. J. Squier, Warden;
No. 7, Misc. Harmon M. Waley, petitioner, v. James A. Johnston,
Warden;
No. 8, Misc. U. S. ex rel. Henry H. Staples, petitioner, v. Walter
Nierstheimer, Warden;
No. 10, Misc. Dorsey Edmondson, petitioner, v. Dr. J. LeRoy
Wright;
No. 11, Misc. Thomas Fife, petitioner, v. Joseph E. Ragen,
Warden;
No. 13, Misc. Tony Thompson, petitioner, v. Percy A. Lainson,
Warden;
No. 14, Misc. Harry Reeves, petitioner, v. Percy A. Lainson,
Warden;
No. 17, Misc. Walter Bennett, petitioner, v. State of New Jersey;
No. 19, Misc. Joseph O. Davis, petitioner, v. W. Frank Smyth,
Superintendent;
No. 22, Misc. Louis D. Turner, petitioner, v. Joseph E. Ragen,
Warden; and
No. 23, Misc. Elmer Jones, petitioner, v. Walter Nierstheimer,
Warden. The motions for leave to file petitions for writs of habeas
corpus are denied.
No. 2, Misc. In The Matter of Frank Xavier DeLisle;
No. 3, Misc. Edgar R. Srygley v. United States; and
No. 4, Misc. Chester W. Crum v. Walter A. Hunter, Warden. The
applications are denied.
No. 9, Misc. E. Haydon Bozell v. Thomas Clark, Attorney General.
The petition for writ of injunction is denied.
No. 15, Misc. Burns Sinclair, petitioner, v. Alfred F. Dowd,
Warden. The motion for leave to file petition for writ of certiorari
is denied.
No. 87. A. R. Tucker, appellant, v. The State of Texas;
No. 114. Grace Marsh, appellant, v. The State of Alabama; and
No. 274. F. O. Robertson, appellant, v. The People of the State of
California. In these cases probable jurisdiction is noted.
No. 158. The People of the State of New York ex rel. Donald A. J.
Ray, appellant, v. Walter B. Martin, Warden, etc. Appeal from
County Court, Wyoming County, State of New York. The appeal
is dismissed for want of jurisdiction, sec. 237 (a) of the Judicial
Code as amended, 28 U. S. C., sec. 344 (a). Treating the papers
whereon the appeal was allowed as a petition for writ of certiorari, as
required by sec. 237 (c) of the Judicial Code as amended, 28 U. S. C.,

MONDAY, OCTOBER 8, 1945
10
sec. 344 (c), certiorari is granted. The Solicitor General is invited
to file a brief amicus curiae if he is so advised.
No. 328. Warren W. Wilson et al., etc., appellants, v. Otho A. Cook,
Commissioner, etc.; and
No. 329. Otho A. Cook, Commissioner, etc., appellant, v. Warren
W. Wilson et al., etc. In No. 328 further consideration of the ques-
tion of the jurisdiction of this Court in this case is postponed to the
hearing on the merits. In No. 329 the appeal is dismissed for want
of jurisdiction, sec. 237 (a) of the Judicial Code as amended, 28
U. S. C., sec. 344 (a). Treating the papers whereon the appeal was
allowed as a petition for writ of certiorari, as required by sec. 237 (c)
of the Judicial Code as amended, 28 U. S. C., sec. 344 (c), certiorari
is granted. In both cases the Solicitor General is invited to file a
brief amicus curiae if he is so advised. In No. 328, counsel, without
restricting their argument in any other respect, are requested to
address themselves in their briefs and on oral argument to the
following questions:
1. Does the record affirmatively show that the validity of a state
statute was drawn in question in the Supreme Court of Arkansas on
the ground of its being repugnant to the Constitution or laws of
the United States as required by section 237 (a) of the Judicial Code
(28 U. S. C., sec. 344)?
2. Does the record affirmatively show that the argument was made
in the Supreme Court of Arkansas that the taxing statute is repugnant
to the Constitution and laws of the United States because it requires
the severer to collect the tax from the United States?
3. Assuming that question (2), supra, is answered in the negative,
does this Court have jurisdiction to consider the argument that the
taxing statute is repugnant to the Constitution and laws of the United
States because it requires the severer to collect the tax from the United
States? Compare Dewey v. Des Moines, 173 U. S. 193, 198.
4. Do the assignments of error in this Court raise the question
whether the taxing statute is repugnant to the Constitution and laws of
the United States because it requires the severer to collect the tax
from the United States? Compare Flournoy v. Wiener, 321 U. S.
253, 259.
No. 100. Bertram Williams et al., etc., petitioners, v. Green Bay
and Western Railroad Company. Petition for writ of certiorari to
the Circuit Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit granted.
No. 142. American Surety Company of New York, petitioner, v.
Paul W. Sampsell, as Trustee, etc. Petition for writ of certiorari
to the Circuit Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit granted.
No. 198. M. Kraus & Bros., Inc., petitioner, v. The United States
of America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of
Appeals for the Second Circuit granted.

MONDAY, OCTOBER 8, 1945
11
No. 278. Reconstruction Finance Corporation et al., petitioners,
v. The Denver and Rio Grande Western Railroad Company et al.;
No. 279. Reconstruction Finance Corporation et al., petitioners, v.
The Denver and Salt Lake Western Railroad Company et al.;
No. 280. Reconstruction Finance Corporation et al., petitioners, v.
City Bank Farmers Trust Company, Trustee, et al.;
No. 281. Reconstruction Finance Corporation et al., petitioners, v.
The Denver and Rio Grande Western Railroad Company et al.; and
No. 282. Reconstruction Finance Corporation et al., petitioners, v.
Guy A. Thompson, Trustee, et al. Petition for writs of certiorari to
the Circuit Court of Appeals for the Tenth Circuit granted.
No. 289. Marion H. Allen, Collector of Internal Revenue, peti-
tioner, v. Trust Company of Georgia and Hughes Spalding, Execu-
tors, etc. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of Ap-
peals for the Fifth Circuit granted.
No. 309. Unemployment Compensation Commission of the Terri-
tory of Alaska et al., petitioners, v. Frank L. Aragan and Other Appli-
cants, etc., et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court
of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit granted.
No. 318. The Social Security Board, petitioner, v. Joseph Nierotke.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of Appeals for
the Sixth Circuit granted.
No. 365. Seas Shipping Company, Inc., petitioner, v. Joseph
Sieracki. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of Ap-
peals for the Third Circuit granted.
No. 93. Hercules Gasoline Company, Inc., petitioner, v. Commis-
sioner of Internal Revenue. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
Circuit Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit granted and case trans-
ferred to the summary docket.
No. 123. Carl B. Williams, petitioner, v. The United States of
America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of
Appeals for the Ninth Circuit granted and case transferred to the
summary docket.
No. 145. Commissioner of Internal Revenue, petitioner, v. J. N.
Flowers. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of Ap-
peals for the Fifth Circuit granted and case transferred to the summary
docket.
No. 163. Commissioner of Internal Revenue, petitioner, v. Laird
Wilcox and Maud Wilcox. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Cir-
cuit Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit granted and case trans-
ferred to the summary docket.
No. 203. Commissioner of Internal Revenue, petitioner, v., Estate
of Harry Holmes, Deceased, Lucy B. Holmes, etc. Petition for writ

MONDAY, OCTOBER 8, 1945
12
of certiorari to the Circuit Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit
granted and case transferred to the summary docket.
No. 234. Mississippi Publishing Corporation, petitioner, v. Dennis
Murphree. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of
Appeals for the Fifth Circuit granted and case transferred to the
summary docket.
No. 263. A. L. Lusthaus, petitioner, v. Commissioner of Internal
Revenue. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of Ap-
peals for the Third Circuit granted and case transferred to the sum-
mary docket.
No. 115. The United States of America, petitioner, v. William R.
Johnson; and
No. 116. The United States of America, petitioner, v. Jack Som-
mers et al. Petition for writs of certiorari to the Circuit Court of
Appeals for the Seventh Circuit granted. The motion to treat and
consider records in Nos. 4 and 5, October Term, 1942, and Nos. 153
and 154, October Term, 1944, as part of record in this case without
reprinting is granted. Mr. Justice Murphy took no part in the con-
sideration or decision of these applications.
No. 139. Max Levinson, petitioner, v. Spector Motor Service, A.
Corporation. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court
of Illinois granted. The Solicitor General and the Interstate Com-
merce Commission are invited to file briefs amici curiae if so advised.
No. 197. Commissioner of Internal Revenue, petitioner, v. Anna
Vickers Crawford. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court
of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit granted and case transferred to
the summary docket and set to follow No. 56.
No. 292. William Murray Estep, petitioner, v. The United States
of America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit of Appeals
for the Third Circuit granted and the case is set to follow No. 66.
No. 317. Commissioner of Internal Revenue, petitioner, v. Francis
E. Tower. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of Ap-
peals for the Sixth Circuit granted and case transferred to the sum-
mary docket and set to follow No. 263.
No. 254. S. R. A., Inc., petitioner, v. State of Minnesota; and
No. 255. S. R. A., Inc., petitioner v. State of Minnesota. Petitions
for writs of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Minnesota granted
and cases transferred to the summary docket. The petition of Ban-
croft Investment Corporation for leave to file statement in support
of the petitions for certiorari is denied.
No. 305. Township of Hillsborough, Somerset County, N. J., et al.,
petitioners, v. Doris Duke Cromwell, Individually and as Trustee, etc..
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of Appeals for
657009-45- -3

MONDAY, OCTOBER 8, 1945
13
the Third Circuit granted. Mr. Justice Murphy took no part in the
consideration or decision of this application.
No. 320. Federal Trade Commission, petitioner, v. A. P. W. Paper
Company, Inc. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court
of Appeals for the Second Circuit granted. The Chief Justice took
no part in the consideration or decision of this application.
No. 306. J. R. Mason, petitioner, v. Paradise Irrigation District.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of Appeals for the
Ninth Circuit granted limited to the question whether any applicable
rule requiring equality of treatment among creditors was violated
by the difference between the treatment accorded the petitioner and
that accorded the Reconstruction Finance Corporation under the ap-
proved plan. The case is transferred to the summary docket.
No. 70. David A. Marmon and Charles Weiss, petitioners, v. The
People of the State of Illinois. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
Supreme Court of Illinois denied.
No. 84. Paradise Land and Livestock Company, petitioner, v. The
Federal Land Bank of Berkeley. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
Circuit Court of Appeals for the Tenth Circuit denied.
No. 85. Lorin A. Cranson, petitioner, v. The United States of
America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of Ap-
peals for the Ninth Circuit denied.
No. 88. Madge Messler, petitioner, v. United States Rubber Com-
pany. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of Appeals
for the Second Circuit denied.
No. 89. Department of Conservation of the State of Louisiana and
The Public Service Commission of the State of Louisiana, petitioners,
v. Federal Power Commission, et al.; and
No. 132. National Coal Association, United Mine Workers of
America, Order of Railway Conductors, et al., petitioners, v. Federal
Power Commission. Petitions for writs of certiorari to the Circuit
Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 90. John H. Parker, petitioner, v. Dency Parker. Petition for
writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Florida denied.
No. 91. Jack E. Ellis, an Individual Doing Business Under the
Fictitious Firm Name and Style of General Export Company, peti-
tioner, v. The De La Rama Steamship Company, Inc. Petition for writ
of certiorari to the Circuit Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit
denied.
No. 94. Louis Hamburger and Samuel Hamburger, petitioners, v.
Commissioner of Internal Revenue. Petition for writ of certiorari to
the Circuit Court of Appeals for the Sixth Circuit denied.

MONDAY, OCTOBER 8, 1945
14
No. 96. Louis Stockstrom, petitioner, v. Commissioner of Internal
Revenue. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of Ap-
peals for the Eighth Circuit denied.
No. 97. J. Gordon Mack, petitioner, v. Commissioner of Internal
Revenue. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of Ap-
peals for the Third Circuit denied.
No. 98. Eli Gurman, petitioner, v. Frederick Illg, and Chester
Bowles, Administrator of the Office of Price Administration. Peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Errors for the
State of Connecticut denied.
No. 99. The E. Kahn's Sons Company, petitioner, v. Chester
Bowles, Price Administrator. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
United States Emergency Court of Appeals denied.
No. 101. The Seminole Nation, petitioner, v. The United States.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Claims denied.
No. 102. Raymond J. Grace, Trading Under the Name and Style
of R. J. & M. C. Grace, petitioner, v. M. Hampton Magruder, Collector
of Internal Revenue. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United
States Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia denied.
No. 104. Echo Bay Waterfront Corporation, petitioner, v. The
City of New Rochelle. Petition for writ of certiorari to the County
Court of Westchester County, State of New York, denied.
No. 105. Shinyu Noro and Shoie M. Goto, petitioners, v. The United
States of America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court
of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 106. Clarence Arthur Lane, petitioner, v. The United States of
America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of Ap-
peals for the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 108. Harry Edison, petitioner, v. Commissioner of Internal
Revenue. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of
Appeals for the Eighth Circuit denied.
No. 109. Salvatore Virzera, petitioner, v. The United States of
America; and
No. 110. Oreste Virzera, petitioner, v. The United States of Amer-
ica. Petitions for writs of certiorari to the Circuit Court of Appeals
for the Second Circuit denied.
No. 113. The Enoch Pratt Free Library of Baltimore City, Thomas
S. Cullen, Henry Stockbridge III, et al., petitioners, v. T. Henderson
Kerr and Louise Kerr. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit
Court of Appeals for the Fourth Circuit denied.
No. 117. Richard V. Jenkins, petitioner, v. The United States of
America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of
Appeals for the Fifth Circuit denied.

MONDAY, OCTOBER 8, 1945
15
No. 118. James Picarelli, petitioner, v. The United States of Amer-
ica. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of Appeals
for the Second Circuit denied.
No. 119. Newcomb Cleveland and Bankers Trust Company, as
Executors of the Last Will and Testament of Alfred W. Erickson,
Deceased, petitioners, v. Joseph T. Higgins, as Collector of Internal
Revenue for the Third District of New York. Petition for writ of
certiorari to the Circuit Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit
denied.
No. 120. Manuel Carlos, petitioner, v. The State of Florida. Peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Florida denied.
No. 121. Manhattan Lighterage Corporation, petitioner, v. Ernest
Anderson et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court
of Appeals for the Second Circuit denied.
No. 124. Margaret M. Johnson and Mary E. Layton, Doing Busi-
ness As United States Dental Company and Voyle Clark Johnson,
petitioners, v. The United States of America. Petition for writ of
certiorari to the Circuit Court of Appeals for the Seventh Circuit
denied.
No. 125. Terminal Railroad Association of St. Louis, petitioner, v.
Gertrude Mooney, Administratrix of the Estate of Neil P. Mooney,
Deceased. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of
Missouri denied.
No. 126. Aviation Capital, Incorporated, petitioner, v. William J.
Pedrick, Collector of Internal Revenue, Second District of New
York. Petition for writ of certiorari to Circuit Court of Appeals
for the Second Circuit denied.
No. 127. Standard Lime and Stone Company, petitioner, v. Na-
tional Labor Relations Board. Petition for writ of certiorari to
the Circuit Court of Appeals for the Fourth Circuit denied.
No. 128. Pearl McAden, petitioner, v. State of Florida. Petition
for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Florida denied.
No. 130. Ibrahim J. Abdallah, petitioner, v. The United States of
America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of
Appeals for the Second Circuit denied.
No. 131. Norristown Herald, Inc., petitioner, v. George Bausewine.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of the Common-
wealth of Pennsylvania denied.
No. 133. Nicholas J. Curtis, petitioner, v. Utah Fuel Company,
et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of Appeals.
for the Third Circuit denied.

MONDAY, OCTOBER 8, 1945
16
No. 134. Roy K. O'Kelley, petitioner, v. The United States of
America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court
of Appeals for the District of Columbia denied.
No. 135. Wilhelm Schefold, petitioner, v. The United States of
America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of
Appeals for the Second Circuit denied.
No. 136. Ludwig Koeniger, petitioner, v. The United States of
America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of
Appeals for the Second Circuit denied.
No. 137. The Timken-Detroit Axle Company, petitioner, v. Cleve-
land Steel Products Corporation. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
Circuit Court of Appeals for the Sixth Circuit denied.
No. 138. Francis Doll, petitioner, v. Commissioner of Internal
Revenue. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of Appeals
for the Eighth Circuit denied.
No. 140. David A. Marmon and Charles Weiss, petitioners, v. The
People of the State of Illinois. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
Supreme Court of Illinois denied.
No. 143. Lake Lucerne Plaza, Inc., petitioner, v. Chester Bowles,
as Administrator, Office of Price Administration. Petition for writ
of certiorari to the Circuit Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit
denied.
No. 146. George E. Colby and International Braid Company, peti-
tioners, v. George Frederick French and Roger French. Petition for
writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the District
of Columbia denied.
No. 147. Wade H. Cooper, petitioner, v. R. C. Parsons, Receiver of
the United States Savings Bank. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
United States Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia denied.
No. 148. The Airolite Company and The Ventilouvre Company,
Inc., petitioners, v. Harry W. Fiedler, Doing Business as Air Condi-
tioning Utilities Company. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Cir-
cuit Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit denied.
No. 149. Neville Coal & Chemical Company, petitioner, v. Com-
missioner of Internal Revenue. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
Circuit Court of Appeals for the Third Circuit denied.
No. 150. Clarage Fan Company, petitioner, v. B. F. Sturtevant
Company. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of Ap-
peals for the Sixth Circuit denied.
No. 151. The Seven Up Company, petitioner, v. Cheer Up Sales
Company of St. Louis, Missouri, American Soda Water Company, et al.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of Appeals for the
Eighth Circuit denied.
657009-45- -3

MONDAY, OCTOBER 8, 1945
17
No. 153. Sidney D. Palmquist, petitioner, v. The United States of
America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of Ap-
peals for the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 154. Michael J. Cryne, petitioner, v. The United States of
America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of Ap-
peals for the Second Circuit denied.
No. 156. Longhorn Portland Cement Company and San Antonio
Portland Cement Company, petitioners, v. Commissioner of Internal
Revenue. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of Ap-
peals for the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 162. Harold Shrier, Individually and Doing Business Under
the Name and Style of A. Shrier & Sons Company, etc., petitioner, v.
The United States of America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
Circuit Court of Appeals for the Sixth Circuit denied.
No. 164. Lorraine Castle Apartments Building Corporation, Inc.,
et al., petitioners, v. Justin Mackieurch et al.; and
No. 165. Angelo Castellani et al., petitioners. v. James W.
McNichols, Trustee, et al. Petition for writs of certiorari to the
Circuit Court of Appeals for the Seventh Circuit denied.
No. 167. Louis F. Hall & Company, Inc., petitioner, v. The United
States of America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court
of Appeals for the Second Circuit denied.
No. 168. London Weatherproofs, Inc., petitioner, v. The United
States of America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court
of Appeals for the Second Circuit denied.
No. 171. Albert J. Harvey, Jr., and Richard D. Harvey, petition-
ers, v. M. H. Grossman, Trustee, etc., et al.;
No. 172. Albert J. Harvey, Jr., and Richard D. Harvey, petition-
ers, v. M. H. Grossman, Trustee, etc., et al.;
No. 173. Albert J. Harvey, Jr., and Richard D. Harvey, petition-
ers, v. M. H. Grossman, Trustee, etc., et al.;
No. 174. Albert J. Harvey, petitioner, v. M. H. Grossman, Trustee,
etc., et al.;
No. 175. Plankinton Building Company, petitioner, v. M. H.
Grossman, Trustee, etc., et al.;
No. 176. Albert J. Harvey, Jr., and Richard D. Harvey, petition-
ers, v. M. H. Grossman, Trustee, etc., et al.; and
No. 177. Albert J. Harvey, Jr., and Richard D. Harvey, petition-
ers, v. M. H. Grossman, Trustee, etc., et al. Petition for writs of
certiorari to the Circuit Court of Appeals for the Seventh Circuit
denied.
No. 179. Standard Accident Insurance Company and Albert E.
McKenzie, as Trustee in Bankruptcy of the Graves-Quinn Corpora-

MONDAY, OCTOBER 8, 1945
18
tion, petitioners, v. The United States. Petition for writ of certiorari
to the Court of Claims denied.
No. 181. Wells Lamont Corporation, petitioner, v. Chester Bowles,
Price Administrator, and James G. Rogers, Acting Administrator.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Emergency Court
of Appeals denied.
No. 183. A. P. Giannini, Administrator of the Estate of Virgil D.
Giannini, Deceased, petitioner, v. Commissioner of Internal Revenue.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of Appeals for the
Ninth Circuit denied.
No. 184. Milton Shotts, petitioner, v. State of Louisiana. Petition
for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Louisiana denied.
No. 185. Charles E. Treibly, petitioner, v. Dr. Winfred Overholser,
Superintendent, St. Elizabeths Hospital. Petition for writ of cer-
tiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the District of
Columbia denied.
No. 186. Ohio Tank Car Company, petitioner, v. Keith Railway
Equipment Company. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit
Court of Appeals for the Seventh Circuit denied.
No. 188. William Elbert Lawrence, petitioner, v. The People of
the State of Illinois. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme
Court of Illinois denied.
No. 189. The Northern Trust Company, James A. Russell, et al.,
petitioners, v. National Labor Relations Board; and
No. 190. American National Bank and Trust Company of Chicago
et al., petitioners, v. National Labor Relations Board. Petitions for
writs of Certiorari to the Circuit Court of Appeals for the Seventh
Circuit denied.
No. 191. Samuel R. Morgan, petitioner, v. The United States of
America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of Ap-
peals for the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 194. J. Fort Abell et al., petitioner, v. A. M. Anderson, Re-
ceiver of the National Bank of Kentucky. Petition for writ of certi-
orari to the Circuit Court of Appeals for the Sixth Circuit denied.
No. 195. Martin G. Taub, Joseph B. Wohlman, et al., petitioners,
v. Chester Bowles, Price Administrator. Petition for writ of certi-
orari to the United States Emergency Court of Appeals denied.
No. 199. J. W. Hale, petitioner, v. The United States of America.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of Appeals for
the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 202. The Standard Register Company, petitioner, v. American
Sales Book Co., Inc. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit
Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit denied.

MONDAY, OCTOBER 8, 1945
19
No. 210. P. G. Lake, Inc., petitioner, v. Commissioner of Internal
Revenue. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of Ap-
peals for the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 211. Timothy F. Costello and Katherine A. Costello, petition-
ers, v. Timothy J. Costello, James A. Costello, et al. Petition for writ
of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the District
of Columbia denied.
No. 212. A. S. Genecov, petitioner, v. State of Texas and R. A.
Schmidt, Sheriff, Dallas County. Petition for writ of certiorari to
the Supreme Court of Texas denied.
No. 213. F. G. Badenhausen et al., etc., petitioners, v. Otis A.
Glazebrook, Jr., et al., as the Reorganization Committee, etc. Peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of Appeals for the
Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 214. Jackson & Perkins Company, petitioner, v. Mushroom
Transportation Company, Inc., William Bickley, Trading or Bickley's
Auto Express. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court
of the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania denied.
No. 216. Clark Oil Company and Plymouth Clark Oil Company,
petitioners, v. Phillips Petroleum Company, The Pure Oil Company,
et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of Appeals
for the Eighth Circuit denied.
No. 220. Daisy I. Morgan, Executrix of the Estate of Celeste
Smith Murray, Deceased, petitioner, v. Frank T. Hines, as Admin-
istrator of Veterans' Affairs. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
United States Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia denied.
No. 223. Prudence Realization Corporation, petitioner, v. The
Hurd Committee, The Petitioning Creditors, et al. Petition for writ
of certiorari to the Circuit Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit
denied.
No. 229. The Old Monastery Company, petitioner, v. The United
States of America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit
Court of Appeals for the Fourth Circuit denied.
No. 230. Samuel H. Moss, Inc., petitioner, v. Federal Trade Com-
mission. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of Ap-
peals for the Second Circuit denied.
No. 231. Cowell Portland Cement Company, petitioner, v. National
Labor Relations Board. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit
Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit denied.
No. 232. Texas and New Orleans Railroad Company, et al., peti-
tioners, v. The United States of America. Petition for writ of cer-
tiorari to the Circuit Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit denied.

MONDAY, OCTOBER 8, 1945
20
No. 235. Earl B. Spurr, petitioner, v. Stasia Spurr. Petition for
writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Appeals of the Common-
wealth of Virginia denied.
No. 237. Ross Engineering Company, Inc., petitioner, v. The
United States. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Claims
denied.
No. 240. Solly Weiss, petitioner, v. The United States of America.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of Appeals for the
Second Circuit denied.
No. 241. Irving Elias et al., Constituting the Protective Commit-
tee, etc., et al., petitioners, v. Stanley Clarke, Trustee of Associated
Gas and Electric Company, Debtor, et al.; and
No. 242. Irving Elias et al., Constituting the Protective Commit-
tee, etc., et al., petitioners, v. Denis J. Driscoll, et al., Trustees of
Associated Gas and Electric Company, Debtor, et al. Petition for
writs of certiorari to the Circuit Court of Appeals for the Second
Circuit denied.
No. 244. Agnes Schongalla, as Executrix, etc., petitioner, v. Harry
M. Hickey, United States Collector of Internal Revenue, 14th Dis-
trict of New York. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court
of Appeals for the Second Circuit denied.
No. 245. Southern California Freight Lines, petitioner, v. Charles
T. McKeown. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court
of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit denied.
No. 246. Jack Tobin, petitioner, v. The United States of America.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of Appeals for the
Seventh Circuit denied.
No. 247. Pope & Talbot, Inc., petitioner, v. Matson Navigation
Company. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of
Appeals for the Ninth Circuit denied.
No. 248. William I. Heffron, Trustee of the Estates of William
Nelson Hamaker et al., petitioner, v. William Nelson Hamaker et al.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of Appeals for the
Ninth Circuit denied.
No. 250. Cornelius J. Collins et al., petitioners, v. Lester L.
Seifried. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of Ap-
peals for the Seventh Circuit denied.
No. 257. Ed C. Wright, petitioner, v. Board of Public Instruc-
tion for the County of Broward, State of Florida. Petition for writ
of certiorari to the Circuit Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit
denied.

MONDAY, OCTOBER 8, 1945
21
No. 259. Otto Henry Parkening, petitioner, v. Jules Arnold. Peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of Appeals for the Ninth
Circuit denied.
No. 262. The Capitol Novelty Company, Ltd., petitioner, v. Wil-
liam S. Evatt, Tax Commissioner of Ohio. Petition for writ of cer-
tiorari to the Supreme Court of Ohio denied.
No. 264. Edward S. Ladin, petitioner, v. Howard K. Hurwith.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of Appeals for the
Third Circuit denied.
No. 265. Donald P. Evans, petitioner, v. Ruth B. Evans. Petition
for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the
District of Columbia denied.
No. 266. Joseph Alcide Landry, petitioner, v. Mutual Life Insur-
ance Company of New York. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
Circuit Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 268. Martin Leithauser, Administrator of the Estate of P. J.
Leithauser, Deceased, petitioner, v. Hartford Fire Insurance Com-
pany. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of Appeals
for the Sixth Circuit denied.
No. 272. William E. Miedema, petitioner, v. Sadie Pratt. Peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Michigan denied.
No. 275. Edith Nycum, petitioner, v. City of Altoona, State of
Pennsylvania. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court
of the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania denied.
No. 276. Earl S. Worsham, Trading as Worsham Brothers, peti-
tioner, v. The United States. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
Court of Claims denied.
No. 285. Herbert O. Dunn and John A. Cadario, petitioners, v.
Town of Burlington. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Superior
Court, County of Middlesex, Commonwealth of Massachusetts denied.
No. 287. V. Moore, petitioner, v. The United States of America.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of Appeals for
the Tenth Circuit denied.
No. 290. Halliburton Oil Well Cementing Company, petitioner, v.
Cranford P. Walker et al., etc. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
Circuit Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit denied.
No. 293. Meseck Towing & Transportation Company, petitioner, v.
Edward E. Rice, etc. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit of
Appeals for the Second Circuit denied.
No. 294. Southeastern Building Corporation, petitioner, v. Com-
missioner of Internal Revenue. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
Circuit Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit denied.

MONDAY, OCTOBER 8, 1945
22
No. 299. Ruthbell Coal Company, petitioner, v. Clara W. Stanton,
Administratrix, etc. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme
Court of Appeals of West Virginia denied.
No. 301. Benjamin Hall and Altus Hall, petitioners, v. The United
States of America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit
Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 302. Allen J. Patch, petitioner, v. Solar Corporation. Petition
for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of Appeals for the Seventh
Circuit denied.
No. 304. Phil Howe et al., Copartners, etc., petitioners, v. Federal
Trade Commission. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit
Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit denied.
No. 307. Richard T. Green Company, M. Thomas Green, etc., et.
al., petitioners, v. City of Chelsea. Petition for writ of certiorari to
the Circuit Court of Appeals for the First Circuit denied.
No. 310. John Fakouri, petitioner, v. Jose Maciel Cadais et al.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of Appeals for the
Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 311. James H. Hickey et al., etc., petitioners, v. Federal De-
posit Insurance Corporation, as Receiver, etc. Petition for writ of
certiorari to the Court of Appeals of New York denied.
No. 316. Minnie E. Sharp, Individually and as Executrix, etc.,
petitioner, v. Grip Nut Company et al. Petition for writ of certiorari
to the Circuit Court of Appeals for the Seventh Circuit denied.
No. 321. Peter A. Buhl, Lester W. Bluhm, et al., etc., petitioners,
v. The University of the State of New York et al. Petition for writ
of certiorari to the Appellate Division of the Supreme Court of
New York denied.
No. 323. Insular Sugar Refining Corporation, petitioner, v. Com-
missioner of Internal Revenue. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
Circuit Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit denied.
No. 324. Globe Indemnity Company, petitioner, v. Gulf Portland
Cement Company. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court
of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 330. James W. Waber, petitioner, v. Montgomery Ward & Co.,
Inc., and United States Rubber Company. Petition for writ of cer-
tiorari to the Circuit Court of Appeals for the Seventh Circuit denied.
No. 333. Des Moines County, Iowa, and State of Iowa, petitioners,
v. The United States of America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
Circuit Court of Appeals for the Eighth Circuit denied.
No. 340. Santo Grasso, petitioner, v. Oivind Lorentzen, Director,
etc. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of Appeals
for the Second Circuit denied.

MONDAY, OCTOBER 8, 1945
23
No. 352. County of Thurston in the State of Nebraska et al., peti-
tioners, v. The United States of America. Petition for writ of certio-
rari to the Circuit Court of Appeals for the Eighth Circuit denied.
No. 359. Stockholders' Committee of the Universal Lubricating
Systems, Inc., petitioner, v. Austin L. Staley, Trustee, etc. Petition
for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of Appeals for the Third
Circuit denied.
No. 370. National Electric Products Corporation, petitioner, v.
Triangle Conduit & Cable Co., Inc. Petition for writ of certiorari to
the Circuit Court of Appeals for the Third Circuit denied.
No. 371. Leo S. Sacharoff, petitioner, v. Edward S. Corsi, etc., et
al.; and
No. 372. Emanuel Schiffman, petitioner, v. Edward S. Corsi, etc.,
et al. Petition for writs of certiorari to the Court of Appeals of New
York denied.
No. 68. Uldric Thompson, Jr., petitioner, v. The United States.
The motion to dispense with the printing of the petition, brief, and
record is granted. The motion to bring up additional parts of the
record is denied. The petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of
Claims is also denied.
No. 92. Joseph Nisonoff, petitioner, v. The People of the State of
New York. The motion to proceed on less than the required number
of records is granted. The petition for writ of certiorari to the Court
of Appeals of New York is denied. Mr. Justice Murphy is of the
opinion that the petition should be granted.
No. 258. Carmen Beach, petitioner, v. The United States of Amer-
ica. The motion to use the record in No. 620, October Term, 1944, is
granted. The petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia is denied.
No. 129. Henry Groopman, Individually and as President, etc.,
petitioner, v. The United States of America. The petition for writ
of certiorari to the Circuit Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit
is denied for the reason that application therefor was not made within
the time provided by law. Rule XI of the Criminal Appeals Rules,
292 U. S. 665–666.
No. 161. Louis Larson and Edward Johnstone, petitioners, v. Gen-
eral Motors Corporation. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
Circuit Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit denied. The Chief
Justice took no part in the consideration or decision of this appli-
cation.
No. 288. William E. Baker and Martha D. Baker, petitioners, v.
Commissioner of Internal Revenue. Petition for writ of certiorari to
the Circuit Court of Appeals for the Fourth Circuit denied. The

MONDAY, OCTOBER 8, 1945
24
Chief Justice took no part in the consideration or decision of this
application.
No. 366. Harold H. Emmons, petitioner, v. Max Smitt, John C.
Spaulding et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court
of Appeals for the Sixth Circuit denied. Mr. Justice Murphy took
no part in the consideration or decision of this application.
No. 296. Herbert C. Reynolds, etc., petitioner, v. Board of Public
Instruction For The County of Dade, State of Florida, et al. Peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of Appeals for the
Fifth Circuit denied. Mr. Justice Douglas and Mr. Justice Murphy
are of opinion that the petition should be granted.
No. 222. Defense Supplies Corporation, petitioner, v. The United
States of America. The motion to substitute Reconstruction Finance
Corporation as the party petitioner is granted. The petition for
writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of Appeals for the Second
Circuit is denied.
No. 260. Gilbert S. Ellithorpe, etc., et al., petitioners, v. Albert Y.
Osborn, Myron Frantz, et al. The motion to strike the petition is
denied. The petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of
Appeals for the Seventh Circuit is also denied.
No. 86. William H. Griffin, petitioner, v. Grace H. Griffin. On peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for
the District of Columbia;
No. 122. Julius Fisher, petitioner, v. The United States of America.
On petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the District of Columbia; and
No. 152. Frank Canizio, petitioner, v. The People of the State of
New York. On petition for writ of certiorari to the County Court,
Kings County, State of New York. The motions for leave to pro-
ceed in forma pauperis are granted. The petitions for writs of certi-
orari are also granted.
No. 112. Herbert M. Gregory, petitioner, v. The United States. On
petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Claims;
No. 155. Carmine Pizza, petitioner, v. The People of the State of
New York. On petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court
of New York;
No. 157. Burnist O. Smith, petitioner, v. Joseph E. Ragen, Warden,
etc. On petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of
Illinois;
No. 159. Joseph C. Roberts, petitioner, v. Joseph E. Ragen,
Warden, etc. On petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme
Court of Illinois;

MONDAY, OCTOBER 8, 1945
25
No. 160. William Ernest Tanner, petitioner, v. People of the State
of California et al. On petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme
Court of California;
No. 166. Frank Davis, petitioner, v. Walter Nierstheimer, Warden,
etc. On petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of
Illinois;
No. 180. Dave Millwood, petitioner, v. The People of the State of
California. On petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court
of California;
No. 182. Everett Lee Mackey, petitioner, v. Thos. E. Whitecotton,
Warden, etc. On petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court
of Missouri;
No. 200. Russell Garrett, petitioner, v. Walter Nierstheimer,
Warden, etc. On petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court
of Illinois;
No. 204. Joseph Greco, petitioner, v. Thomas E. Whitecotton,
Warden, etc. On petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court
of Missouri;
No. 205. The People of the State of New York ex rel. Lawrence
Rensing, petitioner, v. Vernon A. Morhaus, as Warden, etc. On peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to Washington County Court, State of New
York;
No. 206. James Millman, petitioner, v. Joseph E. Ragen, Warden,
etc. On petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of Appeals
for the Seventh Circuit;
No. 207. Robert Pond, petitioner, v. The People of the State of
Illinois, ex rel. George F. Barrett, Attorney General. On petition
for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Illinois;
No. 217. John J. Kern, petitioner, v. Joseph E. Ragen, Warden,
etc. On petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of
Illinois;
No. 224. Georgia M. Spruill, petitioner, v. Daniel M. Campbell.
On petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the District of Columbia;
No. 226. Roy Adkison, petitioner, v., Joseph E. Ragen, Warden,
etc. On petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court, Rock
Island County, State of Illinois;
No. 227. Albert Carter, petitioner, v. Joseph E. Ragen, Warden,
etc. On petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court, Will
County, State of Illinois;
No. 236. Harry Pyle, petitioner, v. Milton F. Amrine, Warden of
the Kansas State Penitentiary. On petition for writ of certiorari to
the Supreme Court of Kansas;

MONDAY, OCTOBER 8, 1945
26
No. 249. Elvia L. Sullinger, petitioner, v. Dr. Francis C. Shaw,
Director of Dannemore State Hospital, etc. On petition for writ of
certiorari to the Court of Appeals of New York;
No. 252. Albert Van Pelt, petitioner, v. The People of the State of
Illinois. On petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of
Illinois;
No. 271. Roman J. Marcinkowski, petitioner, v. The People of The
State of New York. On petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme
Court of New York;
No. 273. Ernest Tait, petitioner, v. The People of the State of
Illinois. On petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of
Illinois;
No. 308. Henry Euler, petitioner, v. Joseph E. Ragen, Warden,
etc. On petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court, Living-
ston County, State of Illinois;
No. 312. Thomas Lee Clark, petitioner, v. Walter Nierstheimer,
Warden, etc. On petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court,
Randolph County, State of Illinois;
No. 313. James Thomas Gash, petitioner, v. Walter Nierstheimer,
Warden, etc. On petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court,
Randolph County, State of Illinois; and
No. 335. Ralph Foster, petitioner, v. Thomas E. Whitecotton,
Warden, etc. On petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court
of Missouri. The motions for leave to proceed in forma pauperis in
these cases are granted. The petitions for writs of certiorari are
denied.
No. 196. Gene McCann, petitioner, v. The United States of Amer-
ica, et al. The motion for leave to proceed in forma pauperis is
granted. The petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of
Appeals for the Second Circuit is denied. The motions for other
relief are also denied.
No. 314. James H. Anderson, petitioner, v. Walter Nierstheimer,
Warden, etc. The motion for leave to proceed in forma pauperis is
granted. The petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court,
Randolph County, State of Illinois, is denied for the reason that
application therefor was not made within the time provided by law.
Sec. 8 (a), Act of February 13, 1925 (43 Stat. 936, 940), 28 U. S. C.,
sec. 350.
No.-, October Term, 1944. E. Haydon Bozell v. Francis Biddle;
No., October Term, 1944. Ex parte Raymond O. DeMaurez;
No. 57, October Term, 1944. The Associated Press et al., appel-
lants, v. The United States of America;

MONDAY, OCTOBER 8, 1945
27
No. 58, October Term, 1944. Tribune Company. et al., appellants,
v. The United States of America;
No. 507, October Term, 1944. Interstate Commerce Commission et
al., appellants, v. Harry A. Parker, etc., et al.;
'
No. 508, October Term, 1944. The United States of America, appel-
lant, v. Harry A. Parker, etc., et al.;
No. 560, October Term, 1944. State of North Carolina et al., appel-
lants, v. The United States of America et al.;
No. 561, October Term, 1944. William H. Davis, etc., appellant, v.
The United States of America et al.;
No. 570, October Term, 1944. Edward A. Hunt and Robert A.
Hunt, etc., petitioners, v. Edward Crumboch, President, et al.;
No. 574, October Term, 1944. The State of Alabama and Public
Service Commission et al., appellants, v. The United States of America
et al.;
No. 592, October Term, 1944. William H. Davis, Economic Stabili-
zation Director, etc., appellant, v. The United States of America et al.;
No. 613, October Term, 1944. Inland Empire District Council et
al., petitioners, v. Harry A. Millis, etc., et al.;
No. 702, October Term, 1944. Allen Bradley Company et al., peti-
tioners, v. Local Union No. 3, International Brotherhood of Electrical
Workers, et al.;
No. 811, October Term, 1944. Leo H. Hill et al., petitioners, v. State
of Florida ex rel. J. Tom Watson, Attorney General;
No. 955, October Term, 1944. L. Metcalfe Walling, Administrator,
etc., petitioner, v. Youngerman-Reynolds Hardwood Company, Inc.;
No. 1193, October Term, 1944. Wisconsin Alumni Research Foun-
dation, petitioner, v. Vitamin Technologists, Inc., et al.;
No. 1213, October Term, 1944. Glick Brothers Lumber Company
et al., petitioners, v. Chester Bowles, Administrator, etc.;
No. 1230, October Term, 1944. Edward R. Mrozik, petitioner, v.
James A. Johnston, Warden, etc.;.
No. 1237, October Term, 1944. National Labor Relations Board,
petitioner, v. Jones & Laughlin Steel Corporation;
No. 1238, October Term, 1944. National Labor Relations Board,
petitioner, v. E. C. Atkins and Company;
No. 1244, October Term, 1944. Maxwell P. Oxman, petitioner, v.
The Unted States of Amerca;
No. 1246, October Term, 1944. Estate of Robert Marshall, James
Marshall, Executor, petitioner, v. Commissioner of Internal Revenue;
No. 1247, October Term, 1944. J. V. Vandenberge et al., etc., peti-
tioners, v. Commissioner of Internal Revenue;
No. 1250, October Term, 1944. Joseph Coghlan, petitioner, v. The
United States of America;

MONDAY, OCTOBER 8, 1945
28
No. 1284, October Term, 1944. Edna F. Stonesifer and Joseph N.
Stonesifer, etc., petitioners, v. Carl J. Swanson et al., etc.;
No. 1288, October Term, 1944. Robert Noble, petitioner, v. C. O.
Botkin, Superintendent, etc.;
No. 1291, October Term, 1944. Frank Roberts, petitioner, v. The
United States of America;
No. 1296, October Term, 1944. William A. Warehime, d. b. a. Nezen
Milk Food Company, et al., petitioners, v. H. H. Varney, etc., et al.;
No. 1314, October Term, 1944. Richard Adolph Ascher, petitioner,
v. The United States of America;
No. 1316, October Term, 1944. Homer N. Chapin et al., etc., peti-
tioners, v. New York, New Haven and Hartford Railroad Company,
Debtor, et al.;
No. 1353, October Term, 1944. J. Ralph De Marcos, petitioner, v.
Dr. Winfred Overholser, superintendent, St. Elizabeth's Hospital;
and
No. 1358, October Term, 1944. Leo Bailey, petitioner, v. State of
Florida. The petitions for rehearing in these cases are denied.
No. 264, October Term, 1944. Guaranty Trust Company of New
York, petitioner, v. Grace W. York. The petition for rehearing is
denied. The motion to recall mandate, retax costs and to modify the
judgment is also denied. Mr. Justice Douglas took no part in the con-
sideration or decision of this application.
No. 506, October Term, 1944. John Mosher, petitioner, v. Walter
A. Hunter, Warden, etc. The second petition for rehearing is denied.
No. 820, October Term, 1944. 10 East 40th. Street Building, Inc.,
petitioner, v. Charles Callus et al. It is ordered that the opinion
of the Court in this case be amended by substituting for the word
"concededly" in line 8 on page 3, the word "obviously." The petition.
for rehearing is denied.
No. 1220, October Term, 1944. Armour and Company, petitioner,
v. Chester Bowles, Price Administrator. The petition for rehearing
is denied. The motion in the alternative for leave to file briefs on
the merits is also denied.
No. 1235, October Term, 1944. Frank L. Nathanson, petitioner, v.
People of the State of Illinois. The motion for leave to file petition
for rehearing is denied.
No. 1294, October Term, 1944. Jones & Laughlin Steel Corpora-
tion, petitioner, v. National Labor Relations Board. The petition
for rehearing is denied. The Chief Justice took no part in the con-
sideration or decision of this application.

MONDAY, OCTOBER 8, 1945
29
Mr. Justice Jackson and Mr. Justice Burton took no part in the
consideration or decision of the cases in which judgments or orders are
this day announced.
No. 111. John DiBenedetto, Inspector of Customs, et al., Peti-
tioners, v. Henry Morgenthau, Jr., Individually and as Secretary of
Treasury, etc. On petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia. Dismissed on motion
of counsel for petitioners.
No. 17. Henry Hawk, petitioner, v. Neil Olson, Warden of the
Nebraska State Penitentiary, etc. Argued by Mr. Joseph A. Fanelli
for the petitioner and by Mr. Robert A. Nelson for the respondent.
No. 45. The Roland Electrical Company, petitioner, v. L. Metcalfe
Walling, Administrator, etc. Argued by Mr. O. R. McGuire for the
petitioner and by Miss Bessie Margolin for the respondent.
No. 21. Thomas Martino, petitioner, v. Michigan Window Clean-
ing Company. Argument commenced by Mr. Daniel D. Carmell for
the petitioner.
Adjourned until tomorrow at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Tuesday, October 9, will be as follows: Nos. 21, 73,
42, 22, 23 (24, 25, 26, 27, 28, 29, 30, 31, 32, 33), 35, 36, 47, 44,
and 38.
☑

TUESDAY, OCTOBER 9, 1945
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
30
Present: The Chief Justice, Mr. Justice Black, Mr. Justice Reed,
Mr. Justice Frankfurter, Mr. Justice Douglas, Mr. Justice Murphy,
Mr. Justice Rutledge, and Mr. Justice Burton.
William Gwosdof, of Nashville, Tenn.; Donald Weed, of Condon,
Oreg.; Carlisle B. Roberts, of Portland, Oreg.; G. E. Lee, of Charlotte,
N. C.; Paul G. Pennoyer, of New York, N. Y.; Calhoun W. J. Phelps,
of Princeton, Ill.; Lindsay Williamson, of New York, N. Y.; Herbert
G. Nilles, of Fargo, N. Dak.; James Reginald Larson, of Atlantic,
Iowa; Frank W. Sullivan, of Chicago, Ill.; and Willis C. Bullard, of
Detroit, Mich., were admitted to practice.
No. 21. Thomas Martino, petitioner, v. Michigan Window Clean-
ing Company. Argument continued by Mr. Daniel D. Carmell for the
petitioner and concluded by Mr. Larry S. Davidow for respondent.
No. 73. Anna M. Boutell and Carroll M. Boutell, doing business
as F. J. Boutell Service Company, petitioners, v. L. Metcalfe Walling,
Administrator of the Wage and Hour Division, etc. Argued by Miss
Bessie Margolin for respondent and case submitted by Mr. Harry G.
Gault and Mr. Glenn M. Coulter for petitioners.
No. 42. Guy A. Thompson, Trustee, The St. Louis, Brownsville
and Mexico Railway Company, Debtor, et al., petitioners, v. The Texas
Mexican Railway Company. Argued by Mr. Robert H. Kelley for
petitioners and by Mr. John P. Bullington for the respondent.
No. 22. The United States of America, Interstate Commerce Com-
mission, et al., appellants, v. Detroit and Cleveland Navigation Com-
pany et al. Argument commenced by Mr. Charles H. Weston for the
appellants, United States and Interstate Commerce Commission.
Adjourned until tomorrow at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Wednesday, October 10, will be as follows: Nos. 22,
23 (24, 25, 26, 27, 28, 29, 30, 31, 32, 33), 35, 36, 47, 44, 38, 39,
41, and (48 and 64).
657009-45-6

WEDNESDAY, OCTOBER 10, 1945
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
31
Present: The Chief Justice, Mr. Justice Black, Mr. Justice Reed,
Mr. Justice Frankfurter, Mr. Justice Douglas, Mr. Justice Murphy,
Mr. Justice Rutledge, and Mr. Justice Burton.
Lue C. Lozier, of Carrollton, Mo.; Joe W. McQueen, of Kansas
City, Mo.; Margaret M. Curley, of Boston, Mass.; Gardiner Johnson,
of San Francisco, Calif.; Francis J. Carr, of Redding, Calif.; Adolph
K. Schwartz, of St. Louis, Mo.; Sol Brown, of St. Louis, Mo.; Sidney
J. Berger, of New York, N. Y.; Frank Mashak, of St. Louis, Mo.;
Albert H. Sealy, Jr., of New York, N. Y.; and Elmo L. McClintock,
Jr., of Cape Girardeau, Mo., were admitted to practice.
No. 22. The United States of America, Interstate Commerce Com-
mission, et al., appellants, v. Detroit and Cleveland Navigation Com-
pany et al. Argument continued by Mr. Charles H. Weston for
the appellants, United States and Interstate Commerce Commission ;
by Mr. Ernest S. Ballard for appellees; by Mr. S. S. Eisen for
appellees; and concluded by Mr. Sparkman D. Foster for the appel-
lants, T. J. McCarthy Steamship Company et al.
No. 23. Heber Kimball Cleveland, petitioner, v. The United States
of America;
No. 24. Heber Kimball Cleveland, petitioner, v. The United States
of America;
No. 25. Heber Kimball Cleveland, petitioner, v., The United States
of America;
No. 26. David Brigham Darger, petitioner, v. The United States
of America;
No. 27. Vergel Y. Jessop, petitioner, v. The United States of
America;
No. 28. Theral Ray Dockstader, petitioner, v. The United States
of America;
No. 29. L. R. Stubbs, petitioner, v. The United States of America;
No. 30. Follis Gardner Petty, petitioner, v. The United States of
America;
No. 31. William Chatwin, petitioner, v. The United States of
America;
No. 32. Charles F. Zitting, petitioner, v. The United States of
America; and
657009-45- _ 7

WEDNESDAY, OCTOBER 10, 1945
32
No. 33. Edna Christensen, petitioner, v. The United States of
America. Argued by Mr. Claude T. Barnes for the petitioners and by
Mr. Assistant Solicitor General Judson for the respondent.
No. 35. Asbury Hospital, A Corporation, appellant, v. Cass County,
North Dakota, A Public Corporation, R. F. Croal, as States Attorney
of Cass County, etc., et al. Argument commenced by Mr. Herbert G.
Nilles for the appellant.
Adjourned until tomorrow at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Thursday, October 11, will be as follows: Nos. 35,
36, 47, 44, 38, 39, 41 (48 and 64), 43, and 49.
Х

THURSDAY, OCTOBER 11,1945
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
33
Present: The Chief Justice, Mr. Justice Black, Mr. Justice Reed,
Mr. Justice Frankfurter, Mr. Justice Douglas, Mr. Justice Murphy,
Mr. Justice Rutledge, and Mr. Justice Burton.
Milton H. Tucker, of St. Louis, Mo.; Jean Lagerquist Lewis, of
Portland, Oreg.; Robert T. Burch, of St. Louis, Mo.; Milton I. Gold-
stein, of St. Louis, Mo.; Ralph Otis Clare, of Chicago, Ill.; Daniel
Henry Jenkins, of Scranton, Pa.; William Ward Adamson, of Burley,
Idaho; Herbert August Petsch, of Neosho, Wis.; Simon Harry Alster,
of Chicago, Ill.; John M. Cates, Jr., of San Francisco, Calif.; Joseph
Wallace Carnwath, of Philadelphia, Pa.; and Vincent J. Dalton, of
Pottsville, Pa., were admitted to practice.
No. 408. Montgomery Ward & Co., Incorporated, et al., petitioners,
v. The United States of America. Time within which to file response
to petition for writ of certiorari extended to and including October 19,
1945, on motion of counsel for respondent.
No. 35. Asbury Hospital, A Corporation, appellant, v. Cass
County, North Dakota, A Public Corporation, R. F. Croal, as States
Attorney, etc., et al. Argument continued by Mr. Nels G. Johnson
for the appellees and concluded by Mr. Herbert G. Nilles for the
appellant.
No. 36. The John Kelley Company, petitioner, v. Commissioner
of Internal Revenue. Argued by Mr. Frank J. Albus for the peti-
tioner and by Mr. J. Louis Monarch for the respondent.
No. 47. Talbot Mills, petitioner, v. Commissioner of Internal Rev-
enue. Argued by Mr. Melville F. Weston for the petitioner and by
Mr. J. Louis Monarch for the respondent.
No. 44. The United States of America, appellant, v. American
Union Transport, Inc., et al. Argued by Mr. Walter J. Cummings,
Jr., for the appellant and by Mr. Harold L. Allen for the appellees.
No. 38. In The Matter of Robert D. Michael, petitioner. Argu-
ment commenced by Mr. Robert T. McCracken for the petitioner and
continued by Robert N. Hitchcock for the respondent.
Adjourned until tomorrow at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Friday, October 12, will be as follows: Nos. 38, 39,
41 (48 and 64), 43, 49, 50, 51, 53, and 54.
657009-45-8
☑

FRIDAY, OCTOBER 12, 1945
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
34
Present: The Chief Justice, Mr. Justice Black, Mr. Justice Reed,
Mr. Justice Frankfurter, Mr. Justice Douglas, Mr. Justice Murphy,
Mr. Justice Rutledge, and Mr. Justice Burton.
Elizabeth C. Lownsbury, of Philadelphia, Pa.; C. C. Wood, of
Lafayette, La.; Michael Carchia, of Boston, Mass.; Alfred J. Snyder,
of Philadelphia, Pa.; John R. McCullough, of New York, N. Y.; Bernt
O. Stordahl, of Sioux Falls, S. Dak.; Charles R. Katz, of New York,
N. Y.; Benjamin Weintraub, of New York, N. Y.; Harris Levin, of
New York, N. Y.; Alfred D. Sutherland, of Fond du Lac, Wis.; John
W. O'Boyle, of Milwaukee, Wis.; Margaret F. Pfeffer, of Fargo,
N. Dak.; and Benjamin H. Giffen, of Pittsburgh, Pa., were admitted
to practice.
The Chief Justice said:
"I announce with great sorrow the death in this city of Mrs. Louis
D. Brandeis, widow of a former Justice of this Court. The funeral
will be held in Washington. Members of the Court will attend to
show appropriate respect to her memory."
No. 38. In The Matter of Robert D. Michael, petitioner. Argu-
ment concluded by Mr. Robert M. Hitchcock for the respondent.
No. 39. May Department Stores Company, Doing Business As
Famous-Barr Company, petitioner, v. National Labor Relations Board.
Argued by Mr. Robert T. Burch for the petitioner, continued by Ruth
Weyand for the respondent, and concluded by Mr. Milton H. Tucker
for the petitioner.
No. 41. Chester G. Bollenbach, petitioner, v. The United States of
America. Argument commenced by Mr. Bernard Herschkopf for the
petitioner and continued by W. Marvin Smith for the respondent.
Adjourned until Monday, October 15, next at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Monday, October 15, will be as follows: Nos. 41,
48 (and 64), 43, 49, 50, 51, 53, 54, 61 (and 63), and 62.
☑
657009-45-9

MONDAY, OCTOBER 15, 1945
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
35
Present: The Chief Justice, Mr. Justice Black, Mr. Justice Reed,
Mr. Justice Frankfurter, Mr. Justice Douglas, Mr. Justice Murphy,
Mr. Justice Rutledge, and Mr. Justice Burton.
Washington H. Brown, of Kansas City, Kans.; William Thomas
Harper, of Fort Smith, Ark.; G. Byron Dobbs, of Fort Smith, Ark.;
Floyd E. Barham, of Fort Smith, Ark.; Edwin Joseph Foltz, of Fort
Smith, Ark.; Harold C. Cook, of Ford, Kans.; Abraham Cohen, of
Schenectady, N. Y.; Charles Arthur Wesner, of Peoria, Ill.; Thomas J.
Hanify, of Seattle, Wash.; Charles R. Carey, of Seattle, Wash.;
Casimir Griglik, of Chicago, Ill.; Frank Clay Biggs, of Dallas, Tex.;
Thibaut de Saint-Phalle, of New York, N. Y.; Sidney B. Gambill,
of Pittsburgh, Pa.; Marvin M. Chesebro, of Los Angeles, Calif.;
Franklin C. Howell, of Portland, Oreg.; Maurice J. Rumizen, of
Buffalo, N. Y.; and Alvin G. Holtkamp, of St. Louis, Mo., were
admitted to practice.
The Chief Justice said:
"The orders of the Court appear upon the list certified by the Chief
Justice and filed with the Clerk and will not be announced orally."
No. 243. The Devereux Foundation, Inc., appellant, v. Roland E.
Lea, Edith Dolan, et al. Appeal from the Supreme Court of the Com-
monwealth of Pennsylvania. Per curiam: The appeal is dismissed
for want of a substantial federal question. Euclid v. Ambler, 272
U. S. 365, 388, 390, and cases cited; Zahn v. Board of Public Works,
274 U. S. 325, 328, and cases cited; Nectow v. Cambridge, 277 U. S.
183. The petition for leave to intervene and for leave to file a motion
to dismiss is denied.
No. 18, Misc. John Gray et al., petitioners, v. Coyle E. Bybee et al.
The motion for leave to file a petition for writ of certiorari is denied.
No. 24, Misc. In The Matter of George R. Wilson, petitioner ;
No. 26, Misc. Stephen Sawyer, petitioner, v. Clinton T. Duffy,
Warden, etc.;
No. 27, Misc. Joseph G. Isenberg, petitioner, v. Edward J. Welch,
Superintendent of the District of Columbia Reformatory:
No. 28, Misc. Joseph H. Peters, petitioner, v. Stanley P. Ashe,
Warden, etc.;
No. 29, Misc. Chester Brown, petitioner, v. State of Utah;
657009-45-10

MONDAY, OCTOBER 15, 1945
36
No. 30, Misc. Hughes R. Hilliard, petitioner, v. James A. Johnston,
Warden, etc.;
No. 32, Misc. George Foster, petitioner, v. S. P. Ashe, Warden,
etc.; and
No. 33, Misc. Willis Rogers, petitioner, v. P. J. Squier, Warden,
etc. The motions for leave to file petitions for writs of habeas cor-
pus are denied.
No. 34, Misc. David H. Johnson, petitioner, v. State of Utah; and
No. 35, Misc. Louise Metter, petitioner, v. Max Zriskey et al. The
applications are denied.
No. 31, Misc. Lionel Shaffer, petitioner, v. Joseph E. Ragen,
Warden, etc. The motion for leave to withdraw the motion for leave
to file a petition for writ of habeas corpus is granted.
No. 428. El Dorado Oil Works and El Dorado Terminal Company,
appellants, v. The United States of America et al. In this case prob-
able jurisdiction is noted and the case is transferred to the summary
docket.
No. 11, Original. The State of Georgia, complainant, v. The
Pennsylvania Railroad Company et al. The answers of the defend-
ants are received and ordered filed.
No. 75. Champlin Refining Company, appellant, v. The United
States of America and Interstate Commerce Commission. The mo-
tion to continue is denied. The motion to transfer from the sum-
mary docket is also denied.
No. 204. Joseph Greco, petitioner, v. Thomas E. Whitecotton,
Warden, Missouri State Penitentiary. The order of October 8, 1945,
denying the petition for writ of certiorari is vacated.
No. 290. Halliburton Oil Well Cementing Company, petitioner, v.
Cranford P. Walker, et al., Doing Business as Depthograph Company,
a Corporation. The order of October 8, 1945, denying the petition
for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of Appeals for the Ninth
Circuit is vacated and the petition for writ of certiorari is granted.
No. 187. Cherry Cotton Mills, Inc., petitioner, v. The United
States. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Claims granted.
No. 261. Otto A. Case, as Commissioner of Public Lands of the
State of Washington, petitioner, v. Chester Bowles, Administrator,
Office of Price Administration, and Soundview Pulp Company. Pe-
tition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of Appeals for the
Ninth Circuit granted.
No. 342. Steve Anderson, Earl Trombley, et al., petitioners, v.
Mt. Clemens Pottery Company. Petition for writ of certiorari to
the Circuit Court of Appeals for the Sixth Circuit granted.
1
'
'N
1
1

MONDAY, OCTOBER 15, 1945
37
No. 354. Stanley Howitt, Flora Post Lee, et al., petitioners, v. The
United States of America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
Circuit Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit granted and the case
is transferred to the summary docket.
No. 169. The Chickasaw Nation, petitioner, v. The United States;
and
No. 337. The United States, petitioner, v. The Chickasaw Nation
and The Choctaw Nation. Petitions for writs of certiorari to the
Court of Claims denied.
No. 193. Berg Shipbuilding Company, a Corporation, et al., peti-
tioners, v. The United States. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
Court of Claims denied.
No. 233. Eugene S. Zinser and W. A. Brewer, petitioners, v. Fed-
eral Petroleum Board. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit
Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 251. John H. Swatzka, petitioner, v. Colonel Max W. Sulli-
van, Commanding Officer, Fort Lewis, Washington, et al. Peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of Appeals for the
Ninth Circuit denied.
No. 295. Cloverleaf Butter Company, petitioner, v. United States
of America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of
Appeals for the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 297. The Arundel Corporation, petitioner, v. The United
States. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Claims denied.
No. 325. Josef Rosenberg, et al., petitioners, v. The United States
of America; and
No. 326. Ernest Weiss, et al., petitioners, v. The United States of
America. Petitions for writs of certiorari to the Circuit Court of
Appeals for the Second Circuit denied.
No. 339. Robert A. Fischer, The Fischer Corporation, and A. S.
Aloe Company, petitioners, v. F. H. Bowers and Louis J. Bristow.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of Appeals for the
Ninth Circuit denied.
No. 343. Thomas W. Nealon, petitioner, v. Harry W. Hill, as Re-
ceiver of Intermountain Building & Loan Association. Petition for
writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of Appeals for the Ninth
Circuit denied.
No. 345. Paul Wilson, petitioner, v. The United States of Amer-
ica. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of Appeals
for the Sixth Circuit denied.
No. 346. Morris B. Sachs, T. C. Witt, et al., petitioners, v. The
Ohio National Life Insurance Company. Petition for writ of cer-
tiorari to the Circuit Court of Appeals for the Seventh Circuit denied.

MONDAY, OCTOBER 15, 1945
38
No. 347. F. H. McGraw & Company, Inc., and the Aetna Casualty
& Surety Company, petitioners, v. John T. D. Blackburn, Inc., and
Milcor Steel Co.; and
No. 348. The Aetna Casualty & Surety Company and F. H.
McGraw & Company, Inc., petitioners, v. Milcor Steel Co., and John
T. D. Blackburn, Inc. Petitions for writs of certiorari to the Circuit
Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit denied.
No. 356. Winter Realty & Construction Co., petitioner, v. Com-
missioner of Internal Revenue. Petition for writ of certiorari to
the Circuit Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit denied.
No. 357. Flushingside Realty & Construction Co., petitioner, v.
Commissioner of Internal Revenue. Petition for writ of certiorari
to the Circuit Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit denied.
No. 358. Twinboro Corporation, petitioner, v. Commissioner of
Internal Revenue. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court
of Appeals for the Second Circuit denied.
No. 362. Burton-Sutton Oil Company, Incorporated, petitioner, v.
Commissioner of Internal Revenue. Petition for writ of certiorari
to the Circuit Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 385. William Jeffries, Jr., Charles R. Aiken, Administrator,
etc., et al., petitioners, v. Nellie Jeffries and Harper French. Petition
for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of Appeals for the Seventh
Circuit denied.
No. 219. Eli Gersewitz, petitioner, v. The People of the State of
New York. The petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of
Appeals of New York is dismissed, it appearing that the petitioner
died on September 8, 1945.
No. 338. Frank A. Berry and Miller Walton, petitioners, v. C. J.
Root, Fiduciary Counsel, Inc., et al. Petition for writ of certiorari
to the Circuit Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit denied. Mr.
Justice Douglas took no part in the consideration or decision of this
application.
No. 355. Ernest E. Scarborough, petitioner, v. Pennsylvania Rail-
road Company. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court
of Appeals for the Third Circuit denied. Mr. Justice Black, Mr.
Justice Douglas, and Mr. Justice Murphy are of the opinion that
petition for certiorari should be granted because of conflict with
Tiller v. Atlantic Coast Line Railroad Co., 318 U. S. 54. The motion
of the Congress of Industrial Organizations for leave to file a brief
amicus curiae is granted.
No. 192. Joseph Peter Oddo, petitioner, v. The United States of
America; and

MONDAY, OCTOBER 15, 1945
39
No. 208. Kingdom William DeNormand, Joseph Peter Oddo, et al.,
petitioners, v. The United States of America. On petitions for writs
of certiorari to the Circuit Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit.
The motions for leave to proceed in forma pauperis in these cases
are granted. The petitions for writs of certiorari are denied.
No. 160, October Term 1944. Elgin, Joliet and Eastern Railway
Company, petitioner, v. G. W. Burley et al. The petition for rehear-
ing is granted, and the case is restored to the docket and assigned for
reargument on December 3 next. The Solicitor General is invited
to file a brief and to participate in the reargument as amicus curiae
if he is so advised.
No. 853, October Term 1944. L. C. Akins, petitioner, v. The State
of Texas. Petition for rehearing denied.
No. 514, October Term 1944. Thomas Henry Robinson, Jr., peti-
tioner, v. The United States of America. The motion for leave to
file petition for rehearing is denied..
ORDER
IT IS ORDERED that the following allotment be made of the Chief
Justice and Associate Justices of this Court among the circuits, agree-
ably to the Acts of Congress in such case made and provided, and that
such allotment be entered of record, viz:
For the First Circuit, Felix Frankfurter, Associate Justice.
For the Second Circuit, Robert H. Jackson, Associate Justice.
For the Third Circuit, Harold H. Burton, Associate Justice.
For the Fourth Circuit, Harlan F. Stone, Chief Justice.
For the Fifth Circuit, Hugo L. Black, Associate Justice.
For the Sixth Circuit, Stanley Reed, Associate Justice.
For the Seventh Circuit, Frank Murphy, Associate Justice.
For the Eighth Circuit, Wiley Rutledge, Associate Justice.
For the Ninth Circuit, William O. Douglas, Associate Justice.
For the Tenth Circuit, Wiley Rutledge, Associate Justice.
For the District of Columbia, Harlan F. Stone, Chief Justice.
The Court will take a recess from Monday, October 22, until Mon-
day, November 5, next.
Mr. Justice Jackson took no part in the consideration or decision
of the cases in which judgments or orders are this day announced.

MONDAY, OCTOBER 15, 1945
40
No. 431. Nathan R. Feldman, David I. Feldman, et al., petitioners,
v. The United States of America. On petition for writ of certiorari
to the Circuit Court of Appeals for the Seventh Circuit. Dismissed
pursuant to stipulation of counsel.
No. 41. Chester G. Bollenbach, petitioner, v. The United States of
America. Argument concluded by Mr. W. Marvin Smith for the
respondent.
No. 48. Universal Oil Products Company, petitioner, v. Root Re-
fining Company; and
No. 64. Universal Oil Products Company, petitioner, v. Root Re-
fining Company. Argued by Mr. Ralph H. Harris for the peti-
tioner and by Mr. Thorley von Holst, pro se, and on behalf of Skelly
Oil Company et al., as amicus curiae, by special leave of Court.
No. 43. Ethel Keeton, as Administratrix of the Estate of W. S.
Keeton, Deceased, petitioner, v. Guy A. Thompson, Trustee, etc.
Submitted by Mr. Theron W. Agee and Mr. David Sidney Partain
for the petitioner and by Mr. Thomas T. Railey and Mr. Thomas B.
Pryor for the respondent.
No. 49. Bernard B. Bailey, appellant, v. J. A. Anderson, State
Highway Commissioner of Virginia. Argued by Mr. Bernard B.
Bailey, pro se, and by Mr. Abram P. Staples for the appellee. Leave
granted appellant to file reply brief by Wednesday next.
No. 50. Glass City Bank of Jeannette, Pennsylvania, petitioner,
v. The United States of America. Argument commenced by Mr. Fred
B. Trescher for the petitioner.
Adjourned until tomorrow at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Tuesday, October 16, will be as follows: Nos. 50,
51, 53, 54, 61 (and 63), 62, 46, 69, 76, and 72.
-

TUESDAY, OCTOBER 16, 1945
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
41
Present: The Chief Justice, Mr. Justice Black, Mr. Justice Reed,
Mr. Justice Frankfurter, Mr. Justice Douglas, Mr. Justice Murphy,
Mr. Justice Rutledge, and Mr. Justice Burton.
Edward A. Goubeaux, Jr., of Greenville, Ohio; Harry Davis
Barnes, of Elkton, Md.; Melvin Goode, of Albany, Oreg.; Harold H.
Streight, of Los Angeles, Calif.; James Edmund Bednar, Jr., of Los
Angeles, Calif.; Jacob Lewiton, of Boston, Mass.; John M. Wheeler,
Jr., of Tulsa, Okla.; Charles P. Liff, of New York, N. Y.; Warren L.
Sharfman, of Washington, D. C.; Harry H. Schneider, of New York,
N. Y.; Edward M. Murphy, of Washington, D. C.; Brooks S. Larkin,
of Hillsboro, Ohio; Whitfield H. Marshall, of Houston, Tex.; and
Dan M. Nee, of Springfield, Mo., were admitted to practice.
No. 50. Glass City Bank of Jeannette, Pennsylvania, petitioner, v.
The United States of America. Argument continued by Mr. Fred B.
Trescher for the petitioner, by Mr. Ralph F. Fuchs for the respondent,
and concluded by Mr. Fred B. Trescher for the petitioner. Leave
granted petitioner to file reply brief by Friday next.
No. 51. Forest E. Levers, Administrator, etc., petitioner, v. A. V.
Anderson, District Supervisor, Alcohol Tax Unit. Argued by Mr.
Houston Thompson for the petitioner, by Mr. Robert L. Ştern for
the respondent, and concluded by Mr. Hugh H. Obear for the peti-
tioner. Memorandum to be filed by Mr. Robert L. Stern.
No. 53. Gange Lumber Company, appellant, v. Ralph Rowley and
Department of Labor and Industries of the State of Washington.
Argument commenced by Mr. T. J. Hanify for the appellant, and
continued by Mr. Charles R. Carey for the appellee, Ralph Rowley.
Adjourned until tomorrow at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Wednesday, October 17, will be as follows: Nos.
53, 54, 61 (and 63), 62, 46, 69, 76, 72, 65, and 52.
☑
657009-45-_-11

WEDNESDAY, OCTOBER 17, 1945
42
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: The Chief Justice, Mr. Justice Black, Mr. Justice Rced,
Mr. Justice Frankfurter, Mr. Justice Douglas, Mr. Justice Murphy,
Mr. Justice Rutledge, and Mr. Justice Burton.
Virgil Evans, of Hot Springs, Ark.; Hubbard F. Fellows, of Rapid
City, S. Dak.; John M. Allison, of Tampa, Fla.; Royce S. McClelland,
of Wilmington, N. C.; Harry B. Terrell, of Tampa, Fla.; Carlos E.
Schaper, of Broken Bow, Nebr.; John H. D. Wigger, of Washington,
D. C.; Fred L. Henley, of Caruthersville, Mo.; Harriett Lull Alden,
of Kansas City, Kans.; Bernhard W. Alden, of Kansas City, Kans.;
Thomas Marion Van Cleave, Jr., of Kansas City, Kans.; Frederick
van Beuren Joy, of New York, N. Y.; Francis T. McNicholas, of
Chicago, Ill.; Francis E. Holman, of Seattle, Wash.; Saul A. Shames,
of Brooklyn, N. Y.; Isaac C. Donner, of New York, N. Y.; Horace
B. Thompson, of West Point, N. Y.; Richard J. Relyea 2d, of New
York, N. Y.; John D. Hyde, of Corpus Christi, Tex.; David Lieber-
man, of New York, N. Y.; Murray Robinson, of Houston, Tex.;
Frank E. Mauritz, of Oak Park, Ill.; and Raymond E. Cookston, of
Lakewood, Ohio, were admitted to practice.
No. 53. Gange Lumber Company, appellant, v. Ralph Rowley and
Department of Labor and Industries of the State of Washington.
Argument continued by Mr. Harry Ellsworth Foster for the appellee,
Department of Labor and Industries of the State of Washington, and
concluded by Mr. T. J. Hanify for the appellant.
No. 54. Scott Paper Company; petitioner, v. Marcalus Manufac-
turing Company, Inc., and Nicholas Marcalus. Argued by Mr.
George E. Middleton for the petitioner and by Mr. Samuel E. Darby,
Jr., for the respondents.
No. 61. Oklahoma Press Publishing Company, petitioner, v. L.
Metcalfe Walling, Administrator of the Wage and Hour Division,
United States Department of Labor; and
No. 63. News Printing Co., Inc., petitioner, v. L. Metcalfe Walling,
Administrator, etc. Argument commenced by Mr. Elisha Hanson
for the petitioners and continued by Mr. Irving J. Levy for the re-
spondent.
Adjourned until tomorrow at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Thursday, October 18, will be as follows: Nos. 61
(and 63), 62, 46, 69, 76, 72, 65, and 52.
657009-45- _12

THURSDAY, OCTOBER 18, 1945
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
43
Present: The Chief Justice, Mr. Justice Black, Mr. Justice Reed,
Mr. Justice Frankfurter, Mr. Justice Douglas, Mr. Justice Murphy,
Mr. Justice Rutledge, and Mr. Justice Burton.
E. M. DeGeurin, of Austin, Tex.; Garland F. Smith, of Houston,
Tex.; Edward L. Foster, of Silver Spring, Md.; Frank A. Blanken-
beckler, Jr., of Austin, Tex.; John V. Singleton, Jr., of Houston, Tex.;
John C. Walters, of Troy, Ala.; Harry E. Belflower, of Jacksonville,
Fla.; James A. Belflower, of Atlanta, Ga.; Robert C. Hunter, of Port-
land, Oreg.; Richard J. Lally, of New York, N. Y.; Archibald Marison
Mull, Jr., of Sacramento, Calif.; Robert McKenzie Gibson, of Hart-
ford, Conn.; Morriss Franklin Wolfe, of Washington, D. C.; Maurice
B. Shaperio, of Norfolk, Va.; Frederick Zengel III, of New Orleans,
La.; Walter H. Williams, of Polson, Mont.; Walter Brewer, Jr., of
Toledo, Ill.; Frantz B. Lilloe, of Los Angeles, Calif.; and Clarence
Robison, of Shawnee, Okla., were admitted to practice.
No. 61. Oklahoma Press Publishing Company, petitioner, v. L.
Metcalfe Walling, Administrator of the Wage and Hour Division,
United States Department of Labor; and
No. 63. News Printing Co., Inc., petitioner, v. L. Metcalfe Walling,
Administrator, etc. Argument continued by Mr. Irving J. Levy for
the respondent and concluded by Mr. Elisha Hanson for the peti-
tioners.
No. 62. The East New York Savings Bank, appellant, v. Alvin
Hahn and Hannah Hahn. Argued by Mr. John P. McGrath for the
appellant and by Mr. Orrin G. Judd for the appellees.
No. 46. General Electric Company, petitioner, v. Jewell Incan-
descent Lamp Company et al. Argument commenced by Mr. Alex-
ander G. Neave for the petitioner and continued by Mr. Samuel E.
Darby, Jr., for the respondents.
Adjourned until tomorrow at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Friday, October 19, will be as follows: Nos. 46, 69,
76, 65, and 52.
"
1
1
i
A
657009-45- -13

FRIDAY, OCTOBER 19, 1945
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
44
Present: The Chief Justice, Mr. Justice Black, Mr. Justice Reed,
Mr. Justice Frankfurter, Mr. Justice Douglas, Mr. Justice Murphy,
Mr. Justice Rutledge, and Mr. Justice Burton.
Roy E. Warden, of Little Rock, Ark.; Frank Kellogg Richardson,
of Oroville, Calif.; James M. Ruhmann, of Kenedy, Tex.; John
Spencer Taylor, of Sullivan, Ind.; J. Olias Vanier, of Sullivan, Ind.;
John T. Hays, of Sullivan, Ind.; David H. Shearer, of Rochester,
N. Y.; Merrill G. Windelberg, of Buffalo, N. Y.; and John Newbold
Hazard, of New York, N. Y., were admitted to practice.
No. 46. General Electric Company, petitioner, v. Jewell Incan-
descent Lamp Company et al. Argument continued by Mr. Samuel E.
Darby, Jr., for the respondent and concluded by Mr. Alexander G.
Neave for the petitioner.
No. 69. Lillian Boehm, petitioner, v. Commissioner of Internal
Revenue. Argued by Mr. Louis Boehm for the petitioner and by Mr.
Walter J. Cummings, Jr., for the respondent.
No. 76. James E. Markham, Alien Property Custodian, and W.
Alexander Julian, Treasurer of the United States, petitioners, v.
Hartwell Cabell. Argued by Mr. Paul A. Freund for the petitioners
and by Mr. Hartwell Cabell for the respondent.
No. 52. Better Business Bureau of Washington, D. C., Inc., peti-
tioner, v. The United States of America. Argued by Mr. R. B. Lyon
for the petitioner and by Mr. Joseph S. Platt for the respondent.
Adjourned until Monday, October 22, next, at 12 o'clock.
657009-45-14

MONDAY, OCTOBER 22, 1945
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
45
Present: The Chief Justice, Mr. Justice Black, Mr. Justice Reed,
Mr. Justice Frankfurter, Mr. Justice Douglas, Mr. Justice Murphy,
Mr. Justice Rutledge, and Mr. Justice Burton.
Howard Hasting, of Mena, Ark.; Cecil E. Potter, of Port Arthur,
Tex.; Clifford M. Raemer, of Salem, Ill.; Donald W. Hamblin, of
Los Angeles, Calif.; John Milton Jamison, of Houston, Tex.; John
Robert Garner, Jr., of Odum, Ga.; Eugene H. BeHage, of Rochester,
N. Y.; William R. Keuffner, of Saint Paul, Minn.; Pearl H. Wilson,
of Flagstaff, Ariz.; Darwin Charles Brown, of San Francisco, Calif.;
Alfred Ogden, of New York, N. Y.; Lawrence Weldon Laughlin, of
Mount Ayr, Iowa; Adrian Melvyn Unger, of Newark, N. J.; and
Willimina Montague, of Los Angeles, Calif., were admitted to practice.
The Chief Justice said:
"The orders of the Court appear upon the list certified by the Chief
Justice and filed with the Clerk and will not be announced orally."
No. 12, Orig. United States of America, complainant, v. State of
California. The motion for leave to file the bill of complaint is
granted and process is ordered to issue returnable on December 28,
next.
No. 36, Misc. Robert H. McCoy, petitioner, v. State of Utah;
No. 37, Misc. Vurnice King, petitioner, v. Joseph E. Ragen,
Warden, etc.;
No. 38, Misc. Paul F. King, petitioner, v. John Horgan, Berkshire.
County Jail, Pittsfield, Massachusetts;
No. 39, Misc. Marion G. Carson, petitioner, v. Joseph E. Ragen,
Warden, etc.; and
No. 40, Misc. Paul Jenkot, petitioner, v. Joseph E. Ragen, Warden,
etc. The motions for leave to file petitions for writs of habeas corpus
are denied.
No. 41, Misc. Custer M. Coyle, petitioner, v. People of the State
of California. The motions for leave to file petitions for writs of
habeas corpus and certiorari are denied. The petition for appeal is
also denied.
No. 20, Misc. Louis Lober, Bondholder and Attorney in Fact for
Lawrence Schrager, a Debentureholder, and Archibald Palmer, peti-
tioners, v. Morgan, Lewis & Bockius, et al.; and
657009-45--15

MONDAY, OCTOBER 22, 1945
46
No. 21, Misc. Louis Lober, Bondholder and Attorney in Fact for
Lawrence Schrager, a Debentureholder, and Archibald Palmer, peti-
tioners, v. Morgan, Lewis & Bockius, et al. The motion for leave to
file petition for writs of certiorari is denied. Mr. Justice Douglas
took no part in the consideration or decision of this application.
No. 59. The United States of America, appellant, v. Henry
Rompel, Jr., Administrator De Bonis Non Cum Testamento Annexo of
Ernest Herbst, Deceased. The motion of the State of Texas for leave
to present oral argument as amicus curiae is granted.
No. 66. Louis Dabney Smith, petitioner, v. The United States of
America; and
No. 292. William Murray Estep, petitioner, v. The United States
of America. The motion for additional time for oral argument is
denied. The cases are consolidated for argument.
No. 319. National Labor Relations Board, petitioner, v. Cheney
California Lumber Company. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
Circuit Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit granted.
No. 344. Arthur L. Bell, Individually and as an Associate of and
Division Superintendent of "Mankind United,” etc., et al., petitioners,
v. R. B. Hood, Theodore Cruise, Philip Bowser, et al. Petition for
writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit
granted.
No. 387. The United States, petitioner, v. Alcea Band of Tilla-
mooks et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Claims
granted.
No. 238. William C. Hulbert and Chester Bowles, Administrator,
Office of Price Administration, petitioners, v. Twin Falls County,
Idaho. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Idaho
granted and case transferred to the summary docket and assigned to
follow No. 261.
No. 384. Forrest S. Smith, Trustee of the Property of Hoboken
Manufacturers Railroad Company, Debtor, et al., petitioners, v. Ho-
boken Railroad Warehouse and Steamship Connecting Company et al.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of Appeals for the
Third Circuit granted. The Solicitor General is invited to file a
brief and participate in the oral argument as amicus curiae if he is so
advised.
No. 392. Walter E. Meyer, petitioner, v. Joseph B. Fleming and
Aaron Colnon, as Trustees of the Chicago, Rock Island and Pacific
Railway Company. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit
Court of Appeals for the Seventh Circuit granted. Mr. Justice Frank-
furter took no part in the consideration or decision of this application.
No. 399. Frank C. Walker, as Postmaster General of the United
States, petitioner, v. Esquire, Inc. Petition for writ of certiorari to

MONDAY, OCTOBER 22, 1945
47
the United States Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia
granted. The motion for leave to substitute Robert E. Hannegan as
the party petitioner is granted. The motion of the American Civil
Liberties Union for leave to file brief as amicus curiae is also granted.
No. 221. Taze Hamrick Gibson, petitioner, v. The United States
of America. The motion for leave to proceed in forma pauperis is
granted. The Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of
Appeals for the Eighth Circuit is also granted.
No. 256. A. A. Sekt, petitioner, v. The Justice's Court of San
Rafael Township, County of Marin, State of California. Petition for
writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of California denied.
No. 298. Isidore Fried, petitioner, v. The United States of Amer-
ica. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of Appeals
for the Second Circuit denied.
No. 300. George Sam Aloisio and William Aloisio, petitioners, v.
The United States of America; and
No. 331. Frank John Cerone, petitioner, v. The United States of
America; and
No. 332. James Samuel Cerone and Frank John Cerone, peti-
tioners, v. The United States of America. Petitions for writs of cer-
tiorari to the Circuit Court of Appeals for the Seventh Circuit denied.
No. 327. George Schwartz, petitioner, v. The United States of
America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of
Appeals for the Second Circuit denied.
No. 334. J. R. Mason, petitioner, v. Banta Carbona Irrigation Dis-
trict. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of Appeals
for the Ninth Circuit denied.
No. 353. Thomas R. Purman, petitioner, v., T. S. Fitch et al. Peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of the Commonwealth
of Pennsylvania denied.
No. 377. Bill Hunnicutt, petitioner, v. The United States of
America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of
Appeals for the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 378. American Bowling & Billiard Corporation, petitioner, v.
The Brunswick-Balke-Collender Company. Petition for writ of
certiorari to the Circuit Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit
denied.
No. 391. Lewis E. Nash, petitioner, v. Peter Raun. Petition for
writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of Appeals for the Third
Circuit denied.
No. 394. Mae Huffman, petitioner, v. Home Owners' Loan Cor-
poration. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of
Appeals for the Eighth Circuit denied.

MONDAY, OCTOBER 22, 1945
48
No. 395. F. T. Newton and Mrs. F. T. Newton, petitioners, v.
Frank S. Glenn et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit
Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 396. Salmon and Cowin, Inc., Mining Engineers and Contrac-
tors, petitioner, v. National Labor Relations Board. Petition for
writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit
denied.
No. 401. Tony Granieri, Bankrupt, petitioner, v. Tony Blanche
Schramm, Creditor. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit
Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 269. Milton Roe Sabin and Bertha Florence Sabin, petitioners,
v. Home Owners' Loan Corporation et al. The motion for leave to
proceed on the typewritten record is granted. The petition for writ
of certiorari to the Circuit Court of Appeals for the Tenth Circuit is
denied.
No. 373. Walter H. Duisberg, petitioner, v. James E. Markham,
as Alien Property Custodian. The motion to withdraw the appear-
ance of Abraham Hornstein as counsel for petitioner is granted. The
petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of Appeals for
the Third Circuit is denied.
No. 205, October Term 1944. In Re Clyde Wilson Summers, peti-
tioner;
No. 205. The People of the State of New York, ex rel. Lawrence
Rensing, petitioner, v. Vernon A. Morhaus, Warden of Great
Meadows Prison, Comstock, New York; and
No. 330. James W. Waber, petitioner, v. Montgomery Ward & Co.,
Incorporated, and United States Rubber Company. The petitions
for rehearing in these cases are denied.
Mr. Justice Jackson took no part in the consideration or decision of
the cases in which judgments or orders are this day announced.
Adjourned until Monday, November 5, next, at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Monday, November 5, will be as follows: Nos. 58,
59, 56, 197, 66 (and 292), 18 (19 and 20), 5, 75, 37, and 71.
✓

MONDAY, NOVEMBER 5, 1945
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
49€
Present: The Chief Justice, Mr. Justice Black, Mr. Justice Reed,
Mr. Justice Frankfurter, Mr. Justice Douglas, Mr. Justice Murphy,
Mr. Justice Rutledge, and Mr. Justice Burton.
Edith DeBusk, of Dallas, Tex.; Manuel DeBusk, of Dallas, Tex.;
M. Sims Davidson, of Dallas, Tex.; Moe M. Tonkon, of Portland,
Oreg.; Tom Matheny Miller, of Graham, Tex.; W. Arlington Jones,
of Hattiesburg, Miss.; Seymour W. Wurfel, of San Diego, Calif.; Ed-
ward G. Krantz, of Chicago, Ill.; George W. McCleskey, of Lubbock,
Tex.; H. L. Allen, of Winnfield, La.; Lyndon B. Allen, of Winnfield,
La.; John B. Pope, of Abilene, Tex.; Willard E. Dollahon, of Hous-
ton, Tex.; Milton Braun Safier, of Los Angeles, Calif.; Louis Charles
Beck, of Pasadena, Calif.; Don C. Swanson, of Webster City, Iowa;
J. Vincent Keogh, of New York, N. Y.; Harold Stanley Gish, of
Lincoln, Nebr.; Eugene H. Houchins, Jr., of Victoria, Tex.; Ray
E. Dougherty, of Washington, D. C.; Chas. B. Wilson, Jr., of Flag-
staff, Ariz.; Jack U. Scarborough, of Houston, Tex.; Charles Orlando
Pratt, of Arlington, Va.; Rupert N. Gresham, of San Antonio, Tex.;
Norman F. Anderson, of Lake Charles, La.; Sidney D. Krystal, of
Los Angeles, Calif.; John Ashley Wells, of New York, N. Y.; Oren
Root, Jr., of New York, N. Y.; Felix Eugene Sklagen, of Columbia,
S. C.; George Francis Vaia, of Washington, D. C.; John Donald
McConahey, of Sparta, Wis.; Earl A. Brown, of Dallas, Tex.; Wil-
liam Willner, of Brooklyn, N. Y.; Robert A. Cavanaugh, of Mus-
kegon, Mich.; John A. V. Murphy, of New York, N. Y.; Roy Robert
Gean, of Fort Smith, Ark.; Stephen H. Fletcher, of New York, N. Y.;
Austin P. Sullivan, of Washington, D. C.; Allen C. Phelps, of Denver,
Colo.; Roman Beck, of New York, N. Y.; Maurice A. Krisel, of New
York, N. Y.; Clifford Carlstedt, of Duluth, Minn.; James E. Edwards,
of Washington, D. C.; Edward Van Davis, of Anchorage, Alaska;
Lester Carl Boone, of Dallas, Tex.; and Marion B. Wilson, of Takoma
Park, Md., were admitted to practice.
No. 22. The United States of America, Interstate Commerce Com-
mission, T. J. McCarthy Steamship Company, et al., appellants, v.
Detroit and Cleveland Navigation Company et al. Appeal from the
District Court of the United States for the Eastern District of Mich-
igan. Decree reversed and cause remanded to said District Court for
657009-45—16

MONDAY, NOVEMBER 5, 1945
50
further proceedings in conformity with the opinion of this Court.
Opinion by Mr. Justice Douglas. Mr. Justice Jackson took no part
in the consideration or decision of this case.
No. 46. General Electric Company, petitioner, v. Jewell Incan-
descent Lamp Company et al. On writ of certiorari to the United
States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Third Circuit. Affirmed with
costs and cause remanded to the District Court of the United States
for the District of New Jersey. Opinion by Mr. Justice Douglas.
Mr. Justice Jackson took no part in the consideration or decision of
this case.
No. 62. The East New York Savings Bank, appellant, v. Alvin
Hahn and Hannah Hahn. Appeal from the Supreme Court of the
State of New York, County of Kings. Judgment affirmed with costs
and cause remanded to the said Supreme Court. Opinion by Mr.
Justice Frankfurter. Mr. Justice Rutledge concurs in the result.
Mr. Justice Jackson took no part in the consideration or decision of
this case.
No. 51. Forest E. Levers, Administrator, etc., petitioner, v. A. V.
Anderson, District Supervisor, Alcohol Tax Unit. On writ of cer-
tiorari to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Tenth
Circuit. Judgment reversed and cause remanded to the said Circuit
Court of Appeals for further proceedings in conformity with the
opinion of this Court. Opinion by Mr. Justice Black. Mr. Justice
Jackson took no part in the consideration or decision of this case.
No. 38. In the Matter of Robert D. Michael, petitioner. On writ of
certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Third
Circuit. The judgments of the District Court of the United States
for the Middle District of Pennsylvania and the Circuit Court of
Appeals are reversed and the cause remanded to the said District
Court for further proceedings in conformity with the opinion of this
Court. Opinion by Mr. Justice Black. Mr. Justice Jackson took no
part in the consideration or decision of this case.
No. 49. Bernard B. Bailey, appellant, v. J. A. Anderson, State
Highway Commissioner of Virginia. Appeal from the Supreme
Court of Appeals of the State of Virginia. Appeal dismissed for the
want of any properly presented substantial federal question. Opin-
ion by the Chief Justice. Mr. Justice Jackson took no part in the con-
sideration or decision of this case.
No. 35. Asbury Hospital, a Corporation, appellant, v. Cass County,
North Dakota, a Public Corporation, et al. Appeal from the Supreme
Court of the State of North Dakota. Appeal dismissed in part as
indicated in the opinion of this Court. In all other respects the judg-
ment of the Supreme Court is affirmed with costs. Opinion by the
Chief Justice. Mr. Justice Black is of the opinion that the appeal

MONDAY, NOVEMBER 5, 1945
51
should be dismissed for the want of a substantial federal question.
Mr. Justice Jackson took no part in the consideration or decision of
this case.
No. 170. The Chickasaw Nation, petitioner, v. The United States.
On petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Claims. The peti-
tion for writ of certiorari is granted limited to the question whether
the particular gratuity items necessarily used as offsets should be
designated by the judgment. The judgment is reversed and the
cause remanded to the Court of Claims for further proceedings in con-
formity with the opinion of this Court. Opinion per curiam an-
nounced by the Chief Justice. Mr. Justice Jackson took no part in
the consideration or decision of this case.
The Chief Justice announced the following orders of the Court:
No. 43. Ethel Keeton, as Administratrix of the Estate of W. S.
Keeton, Deceased, petitioner, v. Guy A. Thompson, Trustee in Bank-
ruptcy for Missouri Pacific Railroad Company. On writ of certiorari
to the Supreme Court of Arkansas. Per curiam: On examination of
all the evidence considered in this case by the Supreme Court of the
State of Arkansas, we are of opinion that the question of respondent's
negligence should have been submitted to the jury. The judgment
will be reversed and the cause remanded for further proceedings not
inconsistent with this opinion.
No. 421. William Wallace McCallum, appellant, v. The Board of
Managers and The Grievance Committee of the Chicago Bar Asso-
ciation. Appeal from the Supreme Court of Illinois. Per curiam:
The motion to dismiss is granted and the appeal is dismissed for want
of a substantial federal question.
The Chief Justice said:
"The other orders of the Court appear upon the list certified by
the Chief Justice and filed with the Clerk and will not be announced
orally."
No. 474. The United States of America, appellant, v. Joseph L.
Carbone, Vincent Di Nunno, et al. In this case probable jurisdiction
is noted and the case is transferred to the summary docket.
No. 447. The United States of America, appellant, v. Sheldon
Maurice Anderson. Further consideration of the question of the
jurisdiction of this Court in this case is postponed to the hearing
on the merits. The case is transferred to the summary docket.
No. 160, October Term, 1944. Elgin, Joliet and Eastern Railway
Company, petitioner, v. G. W. Burley et al. The motion of the Rail-
way Labor Executives' Association for leave to appear and partici-
pate in the oral argument as amicus curiae is denied. Leave is
granted to file additional brief if so advised.

MONDAY, NOVEMBER 5, 1945
52
No. 86. William H. Griffin, petitioner, v. Grace H. Griffin. The
motion of the respondent for leave to proceed in forma pauperis
is granted.
No. 42. Misc. Clarence B. Bernard, petitioner, v. J. LeRoy
Wright, Warden, Maryland House of Correction; and
No. 47, Misc. Hughes R. Hilliard, petitioner, v. James A. Johnston,
Warden. The motions for leave to file petitions for writs of habeas
corpus are denied.
No. 46, Misc. In The Matter of Paul Young, petitioner;
No. 48, Misc. Hughes R. Hilliard, petitioner, v. Michael J. Roche
Judge, United States District Court; and
No. 49, Misc. Hugh R. Hilliard, petitioner, v. James A. Johnston,
Warden. The motions for leave to file petitions for writs of manda-
mus are denied.
No. 45, Misc. Henri Young, petitioner, v. A. F. St. Sure, District
Judge for the Northern District of California. The motion for leave
to file a petition for writ of certiorari is denied.
Mr. 43, Misc. In The Matter of Henri Young, petitioner; and
No. 44, Misc. Fred Wallace Bantz, petitioner, v. P. J. Squier,
Warden. The applications are denied.
No. 410. Alpine MacGregor, petitioner, v. Westinghouse Electric
& Manufacturing Company. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
Supreme Court of the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania granted.
No. 418. Jerome F. Duggan, Trustee of the Estate of Christopher
Engineering Company and National Aircraft Corporation, petitioner,
v. James C. Sansberry, Trustee of the Estate of National Aircraft
Corporation; and
No. 419. National Aircraft Corporation, petitioner, v. James C.
Sansberry, Trustee of the Estate of National Aircraft Corporation.
Petition for writs of certiorari to the Circuit Court of Appeals for the
Seventh Circuit granted.
No. 435. Emory S. Land, Individually and as Chairman of the
United States Maritime Commission, et al., petitioners, v. Waterman
Steamship Corporation. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United
States Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia granted.
No. 444. Florence B. Bigelow, Marion B. Koerber, et al., peti-
tioners, v. R K O Radio Pictures, Inc., Loew's, Incorporated, et al.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of Appeals for
the Seventh Circuit granted.
No. 473. John D. Pennekamp and The Miami Herald Publishing
Company, petitioners, v. The State of Florida. Petition for writ
of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Florida granted.

MONDAY, NOVEMBER 5, 1945
53
No. 405. Charles Swanson, petitioner, v. Marra Brothers, Inc.
The motion for leave to proceed on typewritten petition, brief and
record is granted. The petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit
Court of Appeals for the Third Circuit is also granted.
No. 408. Montgomery Ward & Co., Incorporated, Sewell L. Avery,
et al., petitioners, v. The United States of America. Petition for
writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of Appeals for the Seventh
Circuit granted. The judgment of the Circuit Court of Appeals is
vacated and the cause is remanded to the District Court with directions
to dismiss the cause as moot.
No. 452. Commissioner of Internal Revenue, petitioner, v. Charles
T. Fisher, et al., Executors of the Estate of Fred J. Fisher, and Burtha
M. Fisher. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of
Appeals for the Sixth Circuit granted and the case transferred to the
summary docket. Mr. Justice Murphy took no part in the considera-
tion or decision of this application.
No. 393. Christine Collins, A. J. Cummins, et al., petitioners, v.
Chester Bowles, Price Administrator. Petition for writ of certiorari
to the United States Emergency Court of Appeals granted and case
transferred to the summary docket.
No. 400. Utah Junk Company, petitioner, v. Chester Bowles, Price
Administrator. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Emergency Court of Appeals granted and case transferred to the
summary docket.
No. 424. Kennecott Cooper Corporation, petitioner, v. State Tax
Commission, et al.; and
No. 425. Silver King Coalition Mines Company, petitioner, v. State
Tax Commission et al. Petition for writs of certiorari to the Cir-
cuit Court of Appeals for the Tenth Circuit granted. The Chief Jus-
tice took no part in the consideration or decision of these applications.
No. 388. The United States, petitioner, v. Horace Havemeyer; and
No. 389. Horace Havemeyer, petitioner, v. The United States. Pe-
titions for writs of certiorari to the Court of Claims denied.
No. 406. Frank Madaffer, petitioner, v. The United States of
America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of Ap-
peals for the Third Circuit denied.
No. 407. Commonwealth of Virginia, ex rel. Town of Appalachia,
Virginia, Fritz Kleinick, etc., et al., petitioners, v. Old Dominion
Power Company, Inc. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme
Court of Appeals of the Commonwealth of Virginia denied.
No. 412. Great Lakes Dredge and Dock Company, petitioner, v.
L. Metcalfe Walling, Administrator of the Wage and Hour Division,

MONDAY, NOVEMBER 5, 1945
54
United States Department of Labor. Petition for writ of certiorari
to the Circuit Court of Appeals for the Seventh Circuit denied.
No. 413. Bay State Dredging & Contracting Company, petitioner,
v. L. Metcalfe Walling, Administrator of the Wage and Hour Division,
United States Department of Labor. Petition for writ of certiorari
to the Circuit Court of Appeals for the First Circuit denied.
No. 414. Benjamin Hall, petitioner, v., The United States of Amer-
ica. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of Appeals
for the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 415. Heinel Motors, Inc., and Elmer W. Heinel, petitioners,
v. Chester Bowles, Price Administrator, Office of Price Administra-
tion. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of Appeals
for the Third Circuit denied.
No. 416. Obear-Nester Glass Company, petitioner, v. United Drug
Company. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of
Appeals for the Eighth Circuit denied.
No. 417. Daisy B. Horst, Executrix of the Estate of E. Clemens
Horst, Deceased, petitioner, v. Commissioner of Internal Revenue. Pe-
tition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of Appeals for the
Ninth Circuit denied.
No. 423. Arthur McAleenan, Henry J. McAleenan, et al., peti-
tioners, v. George D. Horning, Incorporated. Petition for writ of
certiorari to the Circuit Court of Appeals for the Fourth Circuit
denied.
No. 426. Intercounty Operating Corporation and Salonga Farms,
Inc., petitioners, v. County of Nassau. Petition for writ of certiorari
to the Supreme Court of New York, Appellate Division, denied.
No. 427. Intercounty Operating Corporation, petitioner, v. Grace
E. Connolly. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court
of New York, Appellate Division, denied.
No. 429. Moses B. Sherr, petitioner, v. Anaconda Wire and Cable
Company and the United States of America. Petition for writ of
certiorari to the Circuit Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit
denied.
No. 432. Kastar, Incorporated, petitioner, v. Helen S. Clair and
John H. Lane, Copartners Doing Business Under the Name and
Style of Anti-Shimmie Manufacturing Company. Petition for writ
of certiorari to the Circuit Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit
denied.
No. 434. Capital Transit Company, petitioner, v. Julia S. Jackson.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the District of Columbia denied.

MONDAY, NOVEMBER 5, 1945
55
No. 436. M. M. Argo, petitioner, v. Commissioner of Internal Rev-
enue. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of Appeals
for the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 437. Cornucopia Gold Mines, a Private Corporation, peti-
tioner, v. Carl Locken, Administrator of the Estate of Anna Locken,
Deceased. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of Ap-
peals for the Ninth Circuit denied.
No. 439. C. C. Fletcher and E. E. Wakeman, as Surviving Trustees
of the Standard Bentonite Company, a Trust, petitioners, v. Frank G.
Clark, as Collector of Internal Revenue for the Collection District of
Wyoming. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of
Appeals for the Tenth Circuit denied.
No. 442. Edward Schlecter, petitioner, v. John F. Foster, Warden
of Auburn Prison, Auburn, New York. Petition for writ of certiorari
to the Supreme Court of New York, Appellate Division, denied.
No. 445. The Lincoln National Life Insurance Company, peti-
tioner, v. State Tax Commission and Greek L. Rice, Attorney General
of the State of Mississippi. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Su-
preme Court of Mississippi denied.
No. 450. The Federal Land Bank of Berkeley, petitioner, v.
Florence Davis Smith and Harvey W. Smith. Petition for writ of
certiorari to the Circuit Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit denied.
No. 453. Commercial Discount Company, petitioner, v. Ethel
Strickland Rogan, Executrix of the Last Will and Testament of Nat
Rogan, Deceased. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court
of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit denied.
No. 459. Ethel Kresberg, petitioner, v. International Paper Com-
pany. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of Appeals
for the Second Circuit denied.
No. 460. Howard L. Kerfoot, as Administrator of the Goods, Chat-
tels and Credits of Madeline Meredith Kerfoot, Deceased, petitioner, v.
Ruth Kelley. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals
of the State of New York denied.
No. 471. Carnegie-Illinois Steel Corporation, petitioner, v. George
P. Alderson, In His Official Capacity as Tax Commissioner, etc.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Appeals of
West Virginia denied.
No. 483. Weirton Steel Company, petitioner, v. Costanzo Coal
Mining Company. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit
Court of Appeals for the Fourth Circuit denied.
No. 504. Pond Fork Oil & Gas Company, petitioner, v. Albert H.
Cole et al., Trustees of the Cole & Crane Real Estate Trust. Petition
'
"

MONDAY, NOVEMBER 5, 1945
56
for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Appeals of West Vir-
ginia denied.
No. 470. United States, ex rel. William A. Doss, petitioner, v. E. E.
Lindsley, Sheriff, Piatt County, Illinois. The motion to print an
abbreviated record is granted. The petition for writ of certiorari
to the Circuit Court of Piatt County, State of Illinois, is denied.
No. 209. John S. Kuzmack, petitioner, v. The United States of
America. On petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of
Appeals for the Third Circuit; and
No. 239. William G. Hickok, petitioner, v. Walter A. Hunter,
Warden. On petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of
Appeals for the Tenth Circuit. The motions for leave to proceed in
forma pauperis in these cases are granted. The petitions for writs of
certiorari are denied.
No. 228. Elbert J. Burns, Alias E. J. Burns, petitioner, v. The
State of Alabama. The motion for leave to proceed in forma pauperis
is granted. The petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of
Alabama is denied and the order granting a stay of execution is
vacated. Mr. Justice Black took no part in the consideration or de-
cision of these applications.
No. October Term 1944. Ex Parte George Albert Brown;
-
No. 212, October Term 1944. Dewey White, petitioner, v. Joseph
E. Ragen, Warden, etc.; and
No. 1212, October Term 1944. Basil Banghart, petitioner, v. The
United States of America. The motions for leave to file petitions for
rehearing are denied. Mr. Justice Burton took no part in the con-
sideration or decision of these applications.
No. 1244, October Term 1944. Maxwell P. Oxman, petitioner, v.
The United States of America. The motion for leave to file a second
petition for rehearing is denied. Mr. Justice Burton took no part in
the consideration or decision of this application.
No. 30, Misc. Hughes R. Hilliard, petitioner, v. James A. Johnston,
Warden;
No. 70. David A. Marmon and Charles Weiss, petitioners, v. The
People of the State of Illinois;
No. 137. The Timken-Detroit Axle Company, petitioner, v. Cleve-
land Steel Products Corporation;
No. 140. David A. Marmon and Charles Weiss, petitioners, v. The
People of the State of Illinois;
No. 147. Wade H. Cooper, petitioner, v. R. C. Parsons, Receiver
of the United States Savings Bank;
No. 181. Wells Lamont Corporation, petitioner v. Chester Bowles,
Price Administrator, and James G. Rogers, Acting Administrator;
'

MONDAY, NOVEMBER 5, 1945
57
No. 188. William Elbert Lawrence, petitioner, v. The People of
The State of Illinois;
No. 202. The Standard Register Company, petitioner, v. American
Sales Book Company, Inc.;
No. 212. A. S. Genecov, petitioner, v. State of Texas and R. A.
Schmidt, Sheriff, etc.;
No. 245. Southern California Freight Lines, petitioner, v. Charles
T. McKeown;
No. 275. Edith Nycum, petitioner, v. City of Altoona, State of
Pennsylvania;
No. 352. County of Thurston in the State of Nebraska, et al., peti-
tioners, v. The United States of America; and
No. 359. Stockholders' Committee of the Universal Lubricating
Systems, Inc., petitioner v. Austin L. Staley, Trustee in Reorganiza-
tion for The Universal Lubricating Systems, Inc. The petitions for
rehearing in these cases are denied. Mr. Justice Burton took no part
in the consideration or decision of these applications.
Mr. Justice Jackson took no part in the consideration or decision of
the cases in which judgments or orders are this day entered.
No. 58. Joachim O. Fernandez, United States Collector of Internal
Revenue, appellant, v. Samuel G. Wiener, William B. Wiener, et al.
Argument commenced by Mr. Assistant Attorney General Clark for
the appellant, continued by Mr. Sidney L. Herold and Mr. Charles
E. Dunbar, Jr., for the appellees, and Mr. Max Radin for the States
of California, et al., amici curiae by special leave of Court.
No. 59. The United States of America, appellant, v. Henry Rompel,
Jr., Administrator De Bonis Non Cum Testamento Annexo of Ernest
Herbst, Deceased. Argument commenced by Mr. Assistant Attorney
General Clark for the appellant.
Adjourned until tomorrow at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Tuesday, November 6, will be as follows: Nos. 59,
56, 197, 66 (292), 18 (19, 20), 72, 75, 37, 71, 95, and 103.
☑
657009-45-17

TUESDAY, NOVEMBER 6, 1945
58
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: The Chief Justice, Mr. Justice Black, Mr. Justice Reed,
Mr. Justice Frankfurter, Mr. Justice Douglas, Mr. Justice Murphy,
Mr. Justice Rutledge, and Mr. Justice Burton.
Zeamore A. Ader, of Chicago, Ill.; Curran Earle Cooley, of Ander-
son, S. C.; George M. Snellings, Jr., of Monroe, La.; Lincoln Batten-
field, of Pryor, Okla.; Fred W. Chase, of Glendale, Calif.; Ralph E.
Meyers, of Rawlins, Wyo.; Harold Marvin Fredrikson, of Min-
neapolis, Minn.; Norman Roth, of New York, N. Y.; Charles Thomas
Smith, of Los Angeles, Calif.; Frederick Lawson Barnes, of Syracuse,
N. Y.; William Lawrence McGovern, of Washington, D. C.; James
Glenn Shehee, of Chicago, Ill.; John Milton Phillips, of Kansas City,
Mo; Thomas Edward Huey, Jr., of Birmingham, Ala.; Thomas S.
Hession, of Peoria, Ill.; Irwin J. Askow, of Chicago, Ill.; William
C. Fox, Jr., of New London, Conn.; Alfred Hahn Joslin, of Provi-
dence, R. I.; Joseph R. Gray, of Chicago, Ill.; Richard W. Bishop,
of Medford, Mass.; and William Muirhead Adams, of Washington,
D. C., were admitted to practice.
No. 59. The United States of America, appellant, v. Henry Rompel,
Jr., Administrator De Bonis Non Cum Testamento Annexo of Ernest.
Herbst, Deceased. Argument continued by Mr. Assistant Attorney
General Clark for the appellant; by Mr. Harry C. Weeks and Mr.
J. Paul Jackson for the appellee; and concluded by Mr. Palmer
Hutcheson for the State of Texas, as amicus curiae, by special leave
of Court.
No. 56. Kirby Petroleum Company, petitioner, v. Commissioner of
Internal Revenue. Argued by Mr. Homer L. Bruce for the petitioner
and by Miss Helen R. Carloss for the respondent.
No. 197. Commissioner of Internal Revenue, petitioner, v. Anna
Vickers Crawford. Argument commenced by Miss Helen R. Carloss
for the petitioner and continued by Mr. Sidney D. Krystal for the
respondent.
Adjourned until tomorrow at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Wednesday, November 7, will be as follows: Nos.
197, 66 (292), 18 (19, 20), 72, 75, 37, 71, 95 (103), 55, and 65.
☑
657009-45-18

WEDNESDAY, NOVEMBER 7, 1945
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
59
Present: The Chief Justice, Mr. Justice Black, Mr. Justice Reed,
Mr. Justice Frankfurter, Mr. Justice Douglas, Mr. Justice Murphy,
Mr. Justice Rutledge, and Mr. Justice Burton.
Olin A. Rogers, of Richmond, Va.; J. Elliott Drinard, of Rich-
mond, Va.; Horace H. Edwards, of Richmond, Va.; Paul Hemphill,
of Chester, S. C.; Raymond Underwood, of Washington, D. C.; Ver-
non Harden Doane, of Washington, D. C.; Robert W. Hemphill, of
Chester, S. C.; Van Cott Niven, of Los Angeles, Calif.; and L. J. H.
Herwig, of Washington, D. C., were admitted to practice.
No. 197. Commissioner of Internal Revenue, petitioner, v. Anna
Vickers Crawford. Argument continued by Mr. Sidney D. Krystal
for the respondent and concluded by Miss Helen R. Carloss for the
petitioner.
No. 66. Louis Dabney Smith, petitioner, v. The United States of
America; and
No. 292. William Murray Estep, petitioner, v. The United States
of America. Argued by Mr. Hayden C. Covington for the petition-
ers and by Mr. Irving S. Shapiro for the respondent.
No. 18. The American Tobacco Company, American Suppliers,
Inc., et al., petitioners, v. The United States of America;
No. 19. Liggett & Myers Tobacco Company et al., petitioners, v.
The United States of America; and
No. 20. R. J. Reynolds Tobacco Company, William N. Reynolds,
et al., petitioners, v. The United States of America. Four hours
allowed for argument. Argument commenced by Mr. George W.
Whiteside for the petitioners in No. 18 and continued by Mr. Milton
Handler for the petitioners in No. 18.
Adjourned until tomorrow at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Thursday, November 8, will be as follows: Nos. 18
(19, 20), 72, 75, 37, 71, 95 (103), 55, 65, 107, and 1.
Х
657009-45- -19

THURSDAY, NOVEMBER 8, 1945
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
60
Present: The Chief Justice, Mr. Justice Black, Mr. Justice Reed,
Mr. Justice Frankfurter, Mr. Justice Douglas, Mr. Justice Murphy,
Mr. Justice Rutledge, and Mr. Justice Burton.
Leonard J. Emmerglick, of Arlington, Va.; Sidney A. Diamond, of
Washington, D. C.; John M. Lostutter, of Emporia, Kans.; William
Meade Fletcher, Jr., of Washington, D. C.; Joseph L. Alioto, of San
Francisco, Calif.; Harry Harrison Baker, of Cincinnati, Ohio; Peter
Hamilton Willems, of McPherson, Kans.; Mahlon E. Lewis, of Pitts-
burgh, Pa.; Thomas W. Pomeroy, Jr., of Pittsburgh, Pa.; Harry E.
Brown, of Chicago, Ill.; and H. Gardner Putnam, of La Jolla, Calif.,
were admitted to practice.
No. 18. The American Tobacco Company, American Suppliers,
Inc., et al., petitioners, v. The United States of America;
No. 19. Liggett & Myers Tobacco Company et al., petitioners, v.
The United States of America; and
No. 20. R. J. Reynolds Tobacco Company, William N. Reynolds,
et al., petitioners, v. The United States of America. Argument con-
tinued by Mr. Milton Handler for the petitioners in No. 18, by Mr.
Bethuel M. Webster for the petitioners in No. 19, by Mr. Harold F.
McGuire for the petitioners in No. 20, by Mr. Assistant Attorney
General Berge for the respondent, and concluded by Mr. Harold F.
McGuire for the petitioners in No. 20.
No. 72. Dorothy Nippert, appellant, v. City of Richmond. Argued
by Mr. Cornelius H. Doherty for the appellant and by Mr. Horace H.
Edwards for the appellee.
No. 75. Champlin Refining Company, appellant, v. The United
States of America and Interstate Commerce Commission. Argument
commenced by Mr. Dan Moody for the appellant.
Adjourned until tomorrow at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Friday, November 9, will be as follows: Nos. 75,
37, 71, 65, 55, 95 (103), 107, 1, 2 (3), 6 (and 7).
☑
657009-45-20

FRIDAY, NOVEMBER 9, 1945
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
61
Present: The Chief Justice, Mr. Justice Black, Mr. Justice Reed,
Mr. Justice Frankfurter, Mr. Justice Douglas, Mr. Justice Murphy,
Mr. Justice Rutledge, and Mr. Justice Burton.
Henry B. Edwards, of Shelby, N. C.; James A. Callahan, of Win-
nemucca, Nev.; James E. Magner, of Washington, D. C.; George W.
Wilkins, of Olympia, Wash.; Carl S. Kuebler, of Maplewood, N. J.;
Craddock Matthew Gilmour, of New York, N. Y.; John Pat. Little,
of New Orleans, La.; Edward Charles Freutel, Jr., of Aledo, Ill.;
Eugene P. Fitzpatrick, of Washington, D. C.; George M. Aronwald,
of New York, N. Y.; Dan Piver, of Washington, D. C.; George B.
Cameron, of Forest Hills, N. Y.; Perry J. Armstrong, of Madison,
Wis.; T. Carroll Sizer, of Washington, D. C.; Robert R. Reynolds,
Jr., of Arlington, Va.; Vernes Grafstrom, of New York, N. Y.; and
Isadore Greenberg, of Buffalo, N. Y., were admitted to practice.
No. 75. Champlin Refining Company, appellant, v. The United
States of America and Interstate Commerce Commission. Argument
continued by Mr. Dan Moody for the appellant, by Mr. Edward Dum-
bauld for the appellees, and concluded by Mr. Dan Moody for the
appellant.
No. 37. Order of Railway Conductors of America, H. W. Fraser,
President Thereof, et al., petitioners. ". Shelton Pitney and Walter
P. Gardner, Trustees of Central Railroad Co. of New Jersey, et al.
Argued by Mr. V. C. Shuttleworth for the petitioners and by Mr.
Harry Lane for the respondents, Brotherhood of Railroad Train-
men et al., and by Mr. Richard J. Lally for the respondents, Shelton
Pitney et al., Trustees of Central Railroad Co. of New Jersey.
No. 71. Mine Safety Appliances Company, appellant, v. James V.
Forrestal. Leave granted Mr. David L. Kreeger to appear and pres-
ent oral argument for the appellee, pro hac vice, on motion of Mr.
Robert L. Stern.
No. 71. Mine Safety Appliances Company, appellant, v. James V.
Forrestal. Argument commenced by Mr. W. Denning Stewart for the
appellant.
Adjourned until Tuesday, November 13, next, at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Tuesday, November 13, will be as follows: Nos. 71,
65, 55, 95 (103), 107, 1, 2 (3), 6 (7), 57, and 86.
☑
657009-45-21

TUESDAY, NOVEMBER 13, 1945
62%
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: The Chief Justice, Mr. Justice Black, Mr. Justice Reed, Mr.
Justice Frankfurter, Mr. Justice Douglas, Mr. Justice Murphy, Mr.
Justice Rutledge, and Mr. Justice Burton.
John Lockley, of Washington, D. C.; John F. Costelloe, of Arling-
ton, Va.; Charles B. Murray, of Washington, D. C.; Neth Lowe Leach-
man, of Dallas, Tex.; Fred Neilson Rogers, of Sherman, Tex.; Charles
A. Lea, of New York, N. Y.; Rosel H. Hyde, of Downey, Idaho; Henry
C. Lowenhaupt, of St. Louis, Mo.; Ralph D. Elmer, of New York,
N. Y.; John P. Frank, of Appleton, Wis.; R. W. Kemmer, of Chatta-
nooga, Tenn.; Robt. L. Forrester, of Watertown, Tenn.; Morton P.
Chiles, Jr., of Independence, Mo.; Burton F. Wiand, of Kansas City,
Mo.; Joseph T. Logue, of Cleveland, Ohio; Lowell P. Mickelwait, of
Seattle, Wash.; Isidor Lazarus, of Washington, D. C.; Sidney R.
Fleisher, of New York, N. Y.; Philip Halpern, of Buffalo, N. Y.; John
H. Tolan, Jr., of Washington, D. C.; Max Goldman, of New York,
N. Y.; and Arthur J. McLaughlin, of Boston, Mass., were admitted.
to practice.
No. 53. Gange Lumber Company, appellant, v. Ralph Rowley and
Department of Labor and Industries of the State of Washington.
Appeal from the Supreme Court of the State of Washington. Appeal
dismissed with costs. Opinion by Mr. Justice Rutledge. Mr. Justice
Jackson took no part in the consideration or decision of this case.
Separate opinion by Mr. Justice Douglas in which Mr. Justice Burton
concurs.
No. 52. Better Business Bureau of Washington, D. C., Inc., peti-
tioner, v. The United States of America. On writ of certiorari to
the United States Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia.
Judgment affirmed and case remanded to the District Court of the
United States for the District of Columbia. Opinion by Mr. Justice
Murphy. Mr. Justice Jackson took no part in the consideration or
decision of this case.
No. 69. Lillian Boehm, petitioner, v. Commissioner of Internal
Revenue. On writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court
of Appeals for the Second Circuit. Judgment affirmed and case re-
manded to said Circuit Court of Appeals. Opinion by Mr. Justice
Murphy. Mr. Justice Jackson took no part in the consideration or
decision of this case.
657009-45-22

TUESDAY, NOVEMBER 13, 1945
63
No. 17. Henry Hawk, petitioner, v. Neil Olson, Warden of the
Nebraska State Penitentiary at Lancaster, Lancaster County, Nebras-
ka. On writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of the State of Ne-
braska. Judgment reversed with costs and case remanded to the Su-
preme Court for further proceedings not inconsistent with the opinion
of this Court. Opinion by Mr. Justice Reed. Mr. Justice Jackson
took no part in the consideration or decision of this case.
No. 50. Glass City Bank of Jeannette, Pennsylvania, petitioner,
v. The United States of America. On writ of certiorari to the United
States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Third Circuit. Judgment
affirmed and case remanded to the District Court of the United States
for the Western District of Pennsylvania. Opinion by Mr. Justice
Black. Mr. Justice Jackson took no part in the consideration or de-
cision of this case. Dissenting opinion by Mr. Justice Rutledge in
which Mr. Justice Frankfurter and Mr. Justice Douglas join.
No. 54. Scott Paper Company, petitioner, v. Marcalus Manufac-
turing Company, Inc., and Nicholas Marcalus. On writ of cer-
tiorari to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Third
Circuit. Judgment affirmed with costs and case remanded to the Dis-
trict Court of the United States for the District of New Jersey.
Opinion by Mr. Chief Justice Stone. Dissenting: Mr. Justice Reed.
Mr. Justice Jackson took no part in the consideration or decision of
this case. Dissenting opinion by Mr. Justice Frankfurter.
The following orders were not announced orally by the Chief
Justice but appear on the list certified by him and filed with the Clerk.
No. 448. American Federation of Labor, Metal Trades Depart-
artment, A. F. of L., et al., appellants, v. J. Tom Watson, as Attorney
General of the State of Florida, et al. In this case probable jurisdic-
tion is noted and the arguments will be limited to the questions of the
jurisdiction of the District Court under Section 266 of the Judicial
Code, as amended (28 U. S. C. 380), and its jurisdiction as a court
of equity.
No. 50, Misc. Edward J. Reagan, petitioner, v. State of Utah. The
motion for leave to file a petition for writ of habeas corpus is denied.
No. 402. Bruce's Juices, Inc., petitioner, v. American Can Com-
pany. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of
Florida granted.
No. 404. Jack Davis, petitioner, v. The United States of America.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of Appeals for the
Second Circuit granted.
A

TUESDAY, NOVEMBER 13, 1945
64
No. 457. Gus Kotteakos and Michael Lekacos, petitioners, v. The
United States of America; and
No. 458. Nathan Regenbogen, petitioner, v. The United States of
America. Petition for writs of certiorari to the Circuit Court of
Appeals for the Second Circuit granted.
No. 484. Helen C. Poff, as Executrix of the Last Will and Testa-
ment of John B. Welshans, Deceased, petitioner, v. The Pennsylvania
Railroad Company. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit
Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit granted and the case trans-
ferred to the summary docket.
No. 443. Charlotte C. Worley, Debtor, petitioner, v. Charles W.
Wahlquist, Francis M. Whitlock, as Administrator of the Estate of
Sarah E. Whitlock, Deceased, et al. Petition for writ of certiorari
to the Circuit Court of Appeals for the Eighth Circuit denied.
No. 449. Herman J. Rubenstein, petitioner, v. The United States
of America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of
Appeals for the Second Circuit denied.
No. 451. J. W. Barnett, Sr., Mrs. J. W. Barnett, Sr., and J. W.
Barnett, Jr., petitioners, v. Chester Bowles, Price Administrator.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Emergency Court
of Appeals denied.
No. 468. Oristile Gros, petitioner, v. State of Louisiana. Petition
for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Louisiana denied.
No. 490. Augusta M. Turner, petitioner, v. Carl A. Luer, William
J. Luer, et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of
Appeals for the Seventh Circuit denied.
No. 497. Emigrant Industrial Savings Bank, petitioner, v. R.
Albert Baldwin, Stephen Hannan, James Tully, et al. Petition for
writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of Appeals for the Second
Circuit denied.
No. 514. Josh David Smith, as Administrator of the Goods, Chat-
tels, and Credits of Charles Lee, Smith, Deceased, et al., etc., peti-
tioners, v. Town of Orangetown and Max Friedman. Petition for
writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of Appeals for the Second
Circuit denied.
No. 303. Braulio Malim Gancy, petitioner, v. The United States
of America. The motion for leave to proceed on the typewritten peti-
tion and record is granted. The motion to defer consideration of
the petition is denied and the petition for writ of certiorari to the
Circuit Court of Appeals for the Eighth Circuit is also denied for
the reason that application therefor was not made within the time
provided by law. Rule XI of the Criminal Appeals Rules.

TUESDAY, NOVEMBER 13, 1945
65
No. 455. S. Livingston Mather, petitioner, v. Commissioner of In-
ternal Revenue; and
No. 456. Testamentary Trust U/W of Samuel Mather, Deceased,
William G. Mather and S. Livingston Mather, Trustees, petitioner, v.
Commisioner of Internal Revenue. Petitions for writs of certiorari
to the Circuit Court of Appeals for the Sixth Circuit denied. Mr.
Justice Burton took no part in the consideration or decision of these
applications.
No. 253. Lonnie Strong, petitioner, v. Ray L. Huff, General Super-
intendent, D. C. Penal Institutions. On petition for writ of certiorari
to the United States Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia;
No. 270. Monroe D. Neely, petitioner, v. The United States of
America. On petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court
of Appeals for the District of Columbia;
No. 351. Lee Van Woods, petitioner, v. Walter Nierstheimer,
Warden, etc. On petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court
of Illinois;
No. 364. Vernon Mitchell, petitioner, v. Thos. E. Whitecotton,
Warden, etc. On petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court
of Missouri;
No. 397. Edward J. Collins, petitioner, v. Tom Smith, Superin-
tendent of the Washington State Penitentiary. On petition for writ
of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Washington;
No. 403. Robert and Ollen Grimes, petitioners, v. Robert A.
Heinze, Warden, etc. On petition for writ of certiorari to the Su-
preme Court of California;
No. 478. Andrew Rusnak, petitioner, v. People of the State of
Illinois. On petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court
of Illinois;
No. 485. Walter Mitchell, petitioner, v. Joseph E. Ragen, Warden,
etc. On petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Illi-
nois; and
No. 488. James Edward Hawkins, petitioner, v. Joseph E. Ragen,
Warden, etc. On petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court
of Illinois. The motions for leave to proceed in forma pauperis
in these cases are granted. The petitions for writs of certiorari are
denied.
No. 374. United States, Ex Rel. John H. Rooney, petitioner, v.
Joseph E. Ragen, Warden, etc. On petition for writ of certiorari
to the Supreme Court of Illinois;
No. 390. The People of the State of Illinois, Ex Rel. Robert
George Banks, petitioner, v. Joseph E. Ragen, Warden, etc. On peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Illinois;
出

TUESDAY, NOVEMBER 13, 1945
66
No. 461. Ralph R. Renninger, petitioner, v. The People of the
State of New York. On petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme
Court, Seneca County, State of New York;
No. 464. Henry P. Berry, petitioner, v. Joseph E. Ragen, Warden,
etc. On petition for writ of certiorari to the Criminal Court of Cook
County, State of Illinois; and
No. 465. Willie Humble, petitioner, v. Joseph E. Ragen, Warden,
etc. On petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Illi-
nois. The motions for leave to proceed in forma pauperis in these
cases are granted. The petitions for writs of certiorari are denied
for the reason that applications therefor were not made within the
time provided by law. Sec. 8 (a), Act of February 13, 1925 (43 Stat.
936, 940), 28 U. S. C., Sec. 350.
No. 24, Misc. In the Matter of George R. Wilson, petitioner;
No. 208. Kingdom William De Normand, Joseph Peter Oddo,
Joseph Alfred LaCascia, et al., petitioners, v. The United States of
America;
No. 295. Cloverleaf Butter Company, petitioner, v. United States
of America;
No. 297. The Arundel Corporation, petitioner, v. The United
States; and
No. 334. J. R. Mason, petitioner, v. Banta Carbona Irrigation Dis-
trict. The petitions for rehearing in these cases are denied.
- •
No. October Term 1944. Robert Noble et al., petitioners, v.
Claude O. Botkin. The motion for leave to file a second petition for
rehearing is denied. Mr. Justice Burton took no part in the considera-
tion or decision of this application.
No. 236. Harry Pyle, petitioner, v. Milton F. Amrine, Warden of
the Kansas State Penitentiary.
No. 68. Uldric Thompson, Jr., petitioner, v. The United States;
No. 141. Robert W. Johnson, Thelma B. Johnson, P. A. McIntosh,
et al., appellants, v. Meagher County, a Political Subdivision of the
State of Montana, and Emmett Cox, Treasurer;
No. 154. Michael J. Cryne, petitioner, v. The United States of
America;
No. 215. Deaton Truck Line, Inc., appellant, v. The United States
of America and Interstate Commerce Commission; and
No. 230. Samuel H. Moss, Inc., petitioner, v. Federal Trade Com-
mission. The petitions for rehearing in these cases are denied. Mr.
Justice Burton took no part in the consideration or decision of these
applications.

TUESDAY, NOVEMBER 13, 1945
67
ORDER
IT IS ORDERED that the following allotment be made of the Chief
Justice and Associate Justices of this Court among the circuits, agree-
ably to the Acts of Congress in such case made and provided, and
that such allotment be entered of record, viz:
For the First Circuit, Felix Frankfurter, Associate Justice.
For the Second Circuit, Stanley Reed, Associate Justice.
For the Third Circuit, Harold H. Burton, Associate Justice.
For the Fourth Circuit, Harlan F. Stone, Chief Justice.
For the Fifth Circuit, Hugo L. Black, Associate Justice.
For the Sixth Circuit, Stanley Reed, Associate Justice.
For the Seventh Circuit, Frank Murphy, Associate Justice.
For the Eighth Circuit, Wiley Rutledge, Associate Justice.
For the Ninth Circuit, William O. Douglas, Associate Justice.
For the Tenth Circuit, Wiley Rutledge, Associate Justice.
For the District of Columbia, Harlan F. Stone, Chief Justice.
The Court will take a recess from Monday, November 19 until
Monday, December 3, next.
Mr. Justice Jackson took no part in the consideration or decision
of the cases in which judgments or orders are this day announced.
No. 593. Perrin D. McElroy, Secretary and Business Manager of
the Building and Construction Trades Council of Kansas City, Mis-
souri, et al., appellants, v. A. B. Mitchell, Attorney General of Kansas,
Frank J. Ryan, Secretary of State of Kansas, et al., etc.; and
No. 594. A. B. Mitchell, Attorney General of Kansas, Frank J.
Ryan, Secretary of State of Kansas, et al., etc., appellants, v. Perrin
D. McElroy, Secretary and Business Manager of the Building and
Construction Trades Council of Kansas City, Missouri, et al. Appeals
from the District Court of the United States for the District of
Kansas. Appeals dismissed pursuant to stipulation, costs to be equally
divided.
No. 71. Mine Safety Appliances Company, appellant, v. James V.
Forrestal. Argument continued by Mr. W. Denning Stewart for the
appellant, by Mr. David L. Kreeger for the appellee, pro hac vice,
by special leave of Court, and concluded by Mr. W. Denning Stewart
for the appellant.

TUESDAY, NOVEMBER 13, 1945
68
No. 65. Ashbacker Radio Corporation, petitioner, v. Federal Com-
munications Commission. Argued by Mr. Paul M. Segal for the
petitioner and by Mr. Ralph F. Fuchs for the respondent.
No. 55. The United States of America and Federal Communica-
tions Commission, appellants, v. New York Telephone Company.
Argument commenced by Mr. Harry M. Plotkin for the appellants.
Adjourned until tomorrow at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Wednesday, November 14, will be as follows: Nos.
55, 95 (103), 107, 1, 2 (3), 6 (7), 57, 86, 122, and 100.

WEDNESDAY, NOVEMBER 14, 1945
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
69
Present: The Chief Justice, Mr. Justice Black, Mr. Justice Reed,
Mr. Justice Frankfurter, Mr. Justice Douglas, Mr. Justice Murphy,
Mr. Justice Rutledge, and Mr. Justice Burton.
Wharton T. Funk, of Seattle, Wash.; John M. Marshall, of Pitts-
burgh, Pa.; Leon Himmelfarbe, of New York, N. Y.; Augustus C.
Studer, Jr., of Newark, N. J.; Hugh E. Brownfield, of Kansas City,
Kans.; M. S. Isenbergh, of Peekskill, N. Y.; Clark Byse, of Iowa City,
Iowa; Clement T. Mayo, of Washington, D. C.; Bernard A. Helfat,
of New York, N. Y.; Arthur Leo Petersen, of New York, N. Y.;
Harry M. Hoffheimer, of Cincinnati, Ohio; Kenneth Perry, of New
Brunswick, N. J.; and Kenneth Lawing, of Ozark, Mo., were admitted
to practice.
No. 55. The United States of America and Federal Communica-
tions Commission, appellants, v. New York Telephone Company. Ar-
gument continued by Mr. Harry M. Plotkin for the appellants and
concluded by Mr. Henry J. Friendly for the appellee.
No. 95. Railroad Retirement Board, Brotherhood of Railway &
Steamship Clerks, Freight Handlers, Express & Station Employees
and George M. Harrison, petitioners, v. Duquesne Warehouse Com-
pany; and
No. 103. Duquesne Warehouse Company, petitioner, v. Railroad
Retirement Board and Brotherhood of Railway and Steamship Clerks,
Freight Handlers, Express and Station Employees, et al. Argument
commenced by Mr. Robert L. Stern for Railroad Retirement Board;
continued by Mr. Willard H. McEwen for Brotherhood of Railway
& Steamship Clerks, Freight Handlers, Express & Station Employees,
et al.; by Mr. John Dickinson for Duquesne Warehouse Company;
and concluded by Mr. Robert L. Stern for Railroad Retirement Board.
No. 107. International Shoe Company, appellant, v. State of
Washington, Office of Unemployment Compensation and Placement,
and E. B. Riley, Commissioner. Argued by Mr. Henry C. Lowen-
haupt for the appellant and by Mr. George W. Wilkins for the
appellees.
Adjourned until tomorrow at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Thursday, November 15, will be as follows: Nos. 1,
2 (3), 6 (7), 86, and 122.
☑
657009-45-23

THURSDAY, NOVEMBER 15, 1945
70
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: The Chief Justice, Mr. Justice Black, Mr. Justice Reed,
Mr. Justice Frankfurter, Mr. Justice Douglas, Mr. Justice Murphy,
Mr. Justice Rutledge, and Mr. Justice Burton.
Dorsey B. Hardeman, of San Angelo, Tex.; Arthur W. Skaer, of
Wichita, Kans.; Elias Alfred Karu, of Harrison, N. J.; Oscar Arthur
Tannenbaum, of Los Angeles, Calif.; James L. Riley, of Atlanta, Ga.;
Emanuel Tacker, of New York, N. Y.; William H. Abrams, of Los
Angeles, Calif.; George H. Ward, of Asheville, N. C.; Floyd R. Benny,
of Washington, D. C.; Thomas B. Mason, of Lynchburg, Va.; Delmar
W. Holloman, of Washington, D. C.; Edward Oliver Lamb, of Toledo,
Ohio; Douglass Boardman Lee, of Ithaca, N. Y.; Henry Kaiser, of
Washington, D. C.; Raymond J. Moore, of Milwaukee, Wis.; Selig
J. Levitan, of Scarsdale, N. Y.; and Ulysses Erwin Sibley, of Milledge-
ville, Ga., were admitted to practice.
No. 1. The North American Company, petitioner, v. Securities and
Exchange Commission. Argued by Mr. Charles E. Hughes, Jr., for
the petitioner and by Mr. Solicitor General McGrath and Mr. Paul A.
Freund for the respondent.
No. 2. Securities and Exchange Commission, petitioner, v. Engi-
neers Public Service Company et al.; and
No. 3. Engineers Public Service Company et al., petitioners, v.
Securities and Exchange Commission. Three and one-half hours al-
lowed for argument. Argument commenced by Mr. William E. Tucker
and continued by Mr. T. Justin Moore for Engineers Public Service
Company et al.
Adjourned until tomorrow at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Friday, November 16, will be as follows: Nos.
2 (3), 6 (7), and 86.
657009-45-24

FRIDAY, NOVEMBER 16, 1945
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
71
Present: The Chief Justice, Mr. Justice Black, Mr. Justice Reed,
Mr. Justice Frankfurter, Mr. Justice Douglas, Mr. Justice Murphy,
Mr. Justice Rutledge, and Mr. Justice Burton.
Philip James McCook, of New York, N. Y.; Samuel Rosenblatt, of
Montclair, N. J.; Andrew B. Pugh, of Knoxville, Tenn.; Allan C.
Swingle, of Washington, D. C.; Max M. Cuba, of Atlanta, Ga.;
Joseph Cuba, of Atlanta, Ga.; Dennis L. O'Connor, Mamaroneck,
N. Y.; Lancelot Armstrong, of New York, N. Y.; Byron Lamun, of
Oklahoma City, Okla.; James Wilson Young, of Bayport, N. Y.;
M. Quinn Shaughnessy, of Washington, D. C.; John B. Olverson, Jr.,
of Washington, D. C.; and Tom W. Garrett, of Oklahoma City, Okla.,
were admitted to practice.
No. 269. Milton Roe Sabin and Bertha Florence Sabin, peti-
tioners, v. Home Owners' Loan Corporation et al. Time extended to
and including December 14, next, within which to file supplement to
petition for rehearing, on application of Bertha Florence Sabin, pro se.
No. 221. Taze Hamrick Gibson, petitioner, v. The United States
of America.
ORDER
The Court directs that the expense of printing the record in this
case be paid by the United States pursuant to 28 U. S. C., Sec. 832.
No. 2. Securities and Exchange Commission, petitioner, v. Engi-
neers Public Service Company et al.; and
No. 3. Engineers Public Service Company et al., petitioners, v.
Securities and Exchange Commission. Argument concluded by Mr.
Milton V. Freeman for the Securities and Exchange Commission.
No. 6. American Power & Light Company, petitioner, v. Securities
and Exchange Commission; and
No. 7. Electric Power & Light Corporation, petitioner, v. Securi-
ties and Exchange Commission. Argued by Mr. John F. MacLane
for the petitioners; by Mr. Arthur A. Ballantine for the petitioner
in No. 6; by Mr. Daniel James for the petitioner in No. 7; and by
Mr. Roger S. Foster for the respondent.
Adjourned until Monday, November 19, next, at 12 o'clock.
☑
657009-45- -25

MONDAY, NOVEMBER 19, 1945
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
72
Present: The Chief Justice, Mr. Justice Black, Mr. Justice Reed,
Mr. Justice Frankfurter, Mr. Justice Douglas, Mr. Justice Murphy,
Mr. Justice Rutledge, and Mr. Justice Burton.
Lyle M. Turner, of Washington, D. C.; Robert M. Donihi, of Nash-
ville, Tenn.; Harvey L. Davis, of Dallas, Tex.; H. W. Edwards, of
Reno, Nev.; Aaron Lewittes, of Washington, D. C.; Andrew Revelle
McMicken, of Rawlins, Wyo.; John Joseph Winberry, of Rutherford,
N. J.; Daniel Arthur Hruska, of Bellville, Tex.; Philip M. Klutz--
nick, of Omaha, Nebr.; William Howard Tate, of Chicago, Ill.; Willis:
L. M. Reese, of New York, N. Y.; James R. Hoover, of Olathe, Kans.;
Kirk Jeffrey, of St. Louis, Mo.; William Davis Cotton, of Rayville,
La.; William F. Patterson, Jr., of Fort Worth, Tex.; William Glas-
gow Reynolds, of Wilmington, Del.; Leo F. Lightner, of Cleveland,,
Ohio; Dallas E. W. Galbraith, of Washington, D. C.; Philip S. Agar,,
of New York, N. Y.; John C. Weld, of Lake Clear, N. Y.; Frederic
B. Trimble, of Moorestown, N. J.; Robt. R. Carman, of Baltimore,
Md.; R. Bayly Chapman, of Baltimore, Md.; and Isaiah Guyman
Martin, of Washington, D. C., were admitted to practice.
The following orders were not announced orally by the Chief
Justice but appear on the list certified by him and filed with the
Clerk:
No. 2, October Term 1941. Martin J. Bernards and Lena Bernards,
petitioners, v. M. R. Johnson, Catherine Collins, The United States
National Bank of Portland, et al. The motion to recall the mandate
is denied.
No. 51, Misc. In the Matter of William Fraser, petitioner. The
application is denied.
No. 75. Champlin Refining Company, appellant, v. The United
States of America and Interstate Commerce Commission. This case-
is restored to the docket for reargument before a full bench.
No. 505. George C. Holmberg et al., on Behalf of Themselves and
All Other Creditors of the Southern Minnesota Joint Stock Land
Bank of Minneapolis, petitioners, v. Charles Armbrecht et al. Peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of Appeals for the
Second Circuit granted.
657009-45-26

MONDAY, NOVEMBER 19, 1945
73
No. 517. D. A. Schulte, inc., petitioner, v. Salvatore Gangi, Suing
on Behalf of Himself and Other Employees Similarly Situated.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of Appeals for
the Second Circuit granted.
No. 556. The Order of United Commercial Travelers of America,
petitioner, v. Edward C. Wolfe. Petition for writ of certiorari to
the Supreme Court of South Dakota granted.
No. 518. Joseph D. McGoldrick, Comptroller of the City of New
York, et al., petitioners, v. Carter & Weekes Stevedoring Company.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of New York
granted and the case transferred to the summary docket.
No. 519. Joseph D. McGoldrick, Comptroller of the City of New
York, et al., petitioners, v. John T. Clark & Son. Petition for writ
of certiorari to the Supreme Court of New York granted and the
case transferred to the summary docket.
No. 480. J. Fields, petitioner, v. R. W. Ferguson and Goldia Fer-
guson. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Ar-
kansas denied.
No. 482. Estate of Jerome J. Hanauer, Lewis L. Strauss, and
Carrie H. Hanauer, Executors, petitioners, v. Commissioner of Internal
Revenue. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of
Appeals for the Second Circuit denied.
No. 498. The State of North Dakota, petitioner, v. Raphael Jerome
Szarkowski. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of
Appeals for the Eighth Circuit denied.
No. 500. Alba Trading Co., Inc., petitioner, v. Musher Foundation,
Inc. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of Appeals
for the Second Circuit denied.
No. 501. H. S. Gibbs and Wife Lucille L. Gibbs, et al., petitioners,
v. The United States of America. Petition for writ of certiorari
to the Circuit Court of Appeals for the Fourth Circuit denied.
No. 502. Angelo Di Orio, petitioner, v. The United States of
America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of Ap-
peals for the Third Circuit denied.
No. 503. Thomas L. "Jack" Spiers, petitioner, v. Chester Bowles,
Price Administrator. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United
States Emergency Court of Appeals denied.
No. 506. May S. Tonkin and Peoples Pittsburgh Trust Company,
Executors of the Estate of John B. Tonkin, petitioners, v. The United
States of America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit
Court of Appeals for the Third Circuit denied.
f
R

MONDAY, NOVEMBER 19, 1945
74
No. 511. City of Menasha, petitioner, v. Clarence Furton et al.,
Co-partners Doing Business As Furton Brothers Construction Com-
pany. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of Appeals
for the Seventh Circuit denied.
No. 516. Laurence H. Eldredge and the Pennsylvania Company
for Insurances on Lives and Granting Annuities, etc., petitioners, v.
Walter J. Rothensies, Collector of Internal Revenue at Philadelphia.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of Appeals for the
Third Circuit denied.
No. 537. Wayne Thomas Lonergan, petitioner, v. People of The
State of New York. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of
Appeals of the State of New York denied.
No. 566. Lansburgh & Bro., petitioner, v. Doris E. Deffebach.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the District of Columbia denied.
No. 446. L. C. Newman, petitioner, v. The State of Texas. The
motion to dispense with the printing of the record is granted. The
petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Criminal Appeals of
the State of Texas is denied.
No. 41, Misc. Custer M. Coyle, petitioner, v. People of the State
of California; and
No. 439. C. C. Fletcher and E. E. Wakeman, as Surviving Trustees
of the Standard Bentonite Company, a Trust, petitioners, v. Frank G.
Clark, as Collector of Internal Revenue for the Collection District of
Wyoming. The petitions for rehearing in these cases are denied.
No. 355. Ernest E. Scarborough, petitioner, v. Pennsylvania Rail-
road Company. The motion for leave to file the petition for rehearing
is granted. The petition for rehearing is denied.
No. 20, Misc. Louis Lober, Bondholder and Attorney-in-fact for
Lawrence Schrager, a Debentureholder, and Archibald Palmer, peti-
tioners, v. Morgan, Lewis & Bockius et al.; and
No. 21, Misc. Louis Lober, Bondholder and Attorney-in-fact for
Lawrence Schrager, a Debentureholder, and Archibald Palmer, peti-
tioners, v. Morgan, Lewis & Bockius et al. The petition for rehearing
is denied. Mr. Justice Douglas took no part in the consideration or
decision of this application.
No. 224. Georgia M. Spruill, petitioner, v. Daniel M. Campbell.
The petition for rehearing is denied. Mr. Justice Burton took no part
in the consideration or decision of this application.
No. 368. Madison Avenue Offices, Inc., appellant, v. Rollin Browne
et al., Constituting the State Tax Commission of the State of New
York; and
No. 369. Donald MacDonald et al., as Executors of the Estate of
Mabel MacDonald, Deceased, appellants, v. Rollin Browne et al.,

MONDAY, NOVEMBER 19, 1945
75
Constituting the State Tax Commission of the State of New York.
The motions for leave to file the petitions for rehearing are granted.
The petitions for rehearing are denied. Mr. Justice Burton took no
part in the consideration or decision of these applications.
Mr. Justice Jackson took no part in the consideration or decision
of the cases in which judgments or orders are this day announced.
Adjourned until Monday, December 3, next, at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Monday, December 3, will be as follows: Nos. 34,
160, October Term 1944, 5, 57, 60, 122, 86, 77 (78, 79, 80,
81, 82, 83), 87, and 114.

MONDAY, DECEMBER 3, 1945
76
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: The Chief Justice, Mr. Justice Black, Mr. Justice Reed,
Mr. Justice Frankfurter, Mr. Justice Douglas, Mr. Justice Murphy,
Mr. Justice Rutledge, and Mr. Justice Burton.
Stanley F. Reed, Jr., of New York, N. Y.; Maurice. A. Fitzgerald,
of Washington, D. C.; David Lloyd Kreeger, of Washington, D. C.;
Wallace R. Burke, of Unionville, Conn.; Arthur S. Tennant, Jr., of
Westfield, N. Y.; Donald J. Hurley, of Boston, Mass.; Albert Graves,
of Hope, Ark.; Matthew John Faerber, of Newport, R. I.; David W.
Wainhouse, of New York, N. Y.; Walter Hoyle, of Chattanooga,
Tenn.; Shirley P. Jones, of Salt Lake City, Utah; Thomas J. Gentry,
of Little Rock, Ark.; Angus M. Taylor, Jr., of Birmingham, Ala.;
David M. Hall, Jr., of Eutaw, Ala.; Paul Butler Wever, of Evans-
ville, Ind.; Walter P. Ela, of Madison, Wis.; John B. Van Duzer, of
Chicago, Ill.; Dick Cutter Smiley, of New York, N. Y.; Donald B.
Smiley, of New York, N. Y.; Franklin C. Stark, of Chicago, Ill.;
Milton Warren Buffington, of Cincinnati, Ohio; Vincent Vercuski, of
Chicago, Ill.; Lud J. Lincoln, of Waco, Tex.; Irving R. Segal, of
Philadelphia, Pa.; Robert L. Irvin, of Washington, D. C.; Edward
H. Tenney, Jr., of St. Louis, Mo.; Arthur N. Seiff, of New York,
N. Y.; John N. Rupp, of Seattle, Wash.; George Albert Wilkinson,
of Oakley, Md.; Edward C. Carrington, of Beaumont, Tex.; Mozart
G. Ratner, of Chicago, Ill.; and Z. Alexander Looby, of Nashville,
Tenn., were admitted to practice.
No. 65. Ashbacker Radio Corporation, petitioner, v. Federal Com-
munications Commission. On writ of certiorari to the United States
Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia. Judgment reversed
and case remanded to the Court of Appeals for further proceedings
in conformity with the opinion of this Court. Opinion by Mr.
Justice Douglas. Mr. Justice Black and Mr. Justice Jackson took no
part in the consideration or decision of this case. Dissenting opinion
by Mr. Justice Frankfurter in which Mr. Justice Rutledge joins.
No. 107. International Shoe Company, appellant, v. State of
Washington, Office of Unemployment Compensation and Placement
and E. B. Riley, Commissioner. Appeal from the Supreme Court of
the State of Washington. Judgment affirmed with costs. Opinion
by Mr. Chief Justice Stone. Mr. Justice Jackson took no part in the
657009-45-27

MONDAY, DECEMBER 3, 1945
77
consideration or decision of this case. Separate opinion by Mr. Justice
Black.
The following orders were not announced orally by the Chief Justice
but appear on the list certified by him and filed with the Clerk:
No. 25, Misc. Ben Spears, Jr., petitioner, v. James A. Johnston,
Warden, etc. The motion for leave to file a petition for a writ of
certiorari is denied.
No. 16, Misc. Lawrence DeCloux, petitioner, v. James A. Johnston,
Warden, etc. The motion to substitute Tom C. Clark for Francis
Biddle as a party respondent is granted. The motion for leave to
file a petition for a writ of certiorari is denied.
No. 53, Misc. In the Matter of Maurice Alvin Gutterman, peti-
tioner. The motion for leave to file a petition for a writ of mandamus
is denied.
No. 54, Misc. Harold Jackson, petitioner, v. Joseph E. Ragen,
Warden, etc.;
No. 55, Misc. In the Matter of William Wright, petitioner; and
No. 56, Misc. In the Matter of George White Thunder, petitioner.
The applications are denied.
So. 9, Original. The State of Illinois, complainant, v. The State of
Indiana, et al. The replies to the answers of the additional parties
defendant are received and ordered filed.
No. 12, Original. The United States of America, complainant, v.
The State of California. The motion for extension of time to answer
is granted and the time is extended to and including Monday, January
28, 1946.
No. 160, October Term, 1944. Elgin, Joliet and Eastern Railway
Company, petitioner, v. G. W. Burley et al. The motion of the
Brotherhood of Locomotive Firemen and Enginemen et al. for leave
to file a brief as amici curiae is granted. The motion for leave to
participate in the oral argument as amici curiae is denied.
No. 160, October Term, 1944. Elgin, Joliet and Eastern Railway
Company, petitioner, v. G. W. Burley et al. The motion of the
Brotherhood of Locomotive Engineers et al. for leave to file a brief
as amici curiae is granted.
No. 540. Dr. Furman Angel, petitioner, v. W. H. Bullington. Pe-
tition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of Apppeals for the
Fourth Circuit granted.

MONDAY, DECEMBER 3, 1945.
78
No. 550. Walter A. Lavender, Administrator De Bonis Non of the
Estate of L. E. Haney, Deceased, petitioner, v. J. M. Kurn et al.,
Trustees of St. Louis-San Francisco Railway Company, Debtor, et al.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Missouri
granted.
No. 469. Compton-Delevan Irrigation District, petitioner, v. Milo
W. Bekins and Reed J. Bekins, as Trustees Under the Last Will and
Testament of Martin Bekins, Deceased. Petition for writ of cer-
tiorari to the Circuit Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit denied.
No. 535. C. W. Titus, petitioner, v. The United States of America.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of Appeals for
the Tenth Circuit denied.
No. 542. Elizabeth Arden Sales Corporation, petitioner, v. Gus
Blass Company. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court
of Appeals for the Eighth Circuit denied.
No. 545. George McManus, petitioner, v. Marine Transport Lines,
Inc. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of Appeals
for the Second Circuit denied.
No. 546. Lucy B. O'Leary and The Rotar Clock Company, peti-
tioners, v. The Liggett Drug Company;
No. 547. Lucy B. O'Leary and The Rotar Clock Company, peti-
tioners, v. Sears, Roebuck & Company; and
No. 548. Lucy B. O'Leary and The Rotar Clock Company, peti-
tioners, v. The Johnston-Shelton Co., a Corporation of Ohio, d. b. a.
The Home Store. Petition for writs of certiorari to the Circuit Court
of Appeals for the Sixth Circuit denied.
No. 565. Muskogee Electric Traction Company, petitioner, v. Vic-
tory Investment Corporation. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
Circuit Court of Appeals for the Tenth Circuit denied.
No. 283. Jesse K. Bell Rea, etc., petitioner, v. Wilfred J. Begnaud,
Liquidator of Standard Homestead Association. Petition for writ
of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Louisiana denied.
No. 523. Southgate Brokerage Company, Inc., petitioner, v. Fed-
eral Trade Commission. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit
Court of Appeals for the Fourth Circuit denied.
No. 507. Central National Bank of Cleveland, Trustee U/A with
Edwin G. Thompson, Deceased, petitioner, v. General American Life
Insurance Company. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit
Court of Appeals for the Sixth Circuit denied. Mr. Justice Burton
took no part in the consideration or decision of this application.
No. 539. Cynthia Mills Cleveland, petitioner, v. Second National
Bank and Trust Company of Saginaw, Michigan, etc. The motion

MONDAY, DECEMBER 3, 1945
79
to defer consideration is denied. The petition for writ of certiorari
to the Circuit Court of Appeals for the Sixth Circuit is also denied.
No. 381. E. E. Ashcraft and John Ware, petitioners, v. State of
Tennessee. The motion for leave to proceed in forma pauperis is
granted. The petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court
of Tennessee is also granted.
No. 204. Joseph Greco, petitioner, v. Thomas E. Whitecotton,
Warden, Missouri State Penitentiary. The motion for leave to pro-
ceed in forma pauperis is granted. The petition for writ of certiorari
to the Supreme Court of Missouri is denied.
No. 46. General Electric Company, petitioner, v. Jewel Incandes-
cent Lamp Company et al.;
No. 192. Joseph Peter Oddo, petitioner, v. The United States of
America;
No. 303. Braulio Malim Gancy, petitioner, v. The United States
of America;
No. 353. Thomas R. Purman, petitioner, v. T. S. Fitch et al.; and
No. 416. Obear-Nester Glass Company, petitioner, v. United Drug
Company. The petitions for rehearing in these cases are denied.
No. 49. Bernard B. Bailey, appellant, v. J. A. Anderson, State
Highway Commissioner of Virginia. The motion for leave to file
affidavits in support of the petition for rehearing is denied. The
opinion announced November 5, 1945, is amended by striking there-
from in lines 31, 32, and 33 on page 2 the following: "overruled his
exceptions to the failure of the Commissioners' report to award the
interest demanded," and in inserting in lieu thereof: "rejected his
claim for interest." The petition for rehearing is denied.
No. 188. William Elbert Lawrence, petitioner, v. The People of
the State of Illinois. The motion for leave to file a second petition
for rehearing is granted. The petition for rehearing is denied. Mr.
Justice Burton took no part in the consideration or decision of this
application.
No. 112. Herbert M. Gregory, petitioner, v. The United States;
and
No. 210. P. G. Lake, Inc., petitioner, v. Commissioner of Internal
Revenue. The petitions for rehearing in these cases are denied. Mr.
Justice Burton took no part in the consideration or decision of these
applications.
Mr. Justice Jackson took no part in the consideration or decision
of the cases in which judgments or orders are this day announced.
४.1
17
祥

MONDAY, DECEMBER 3, 1945
80
No. 160, October Term, 1944. Elgin, Joliet and Eastern Railway
Company, petitioner, v. G. W. Burley et al. Leave granted Congress
of Industrial Organizations and Certain Affiliated Organizations to
file brief as amicus curiae on reargument on motion of Mr. Frank
Donner. Leave granted respondents to file answer within ten days.
No. 558. William Leva Hough, petitioner, v. The People of the
State of California. On petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme
Court of California. Dismissed on motion of counsel for the
petitioner.
No. 34. United Federal Workers of America (C. I. O.) et al., ap-
pellants, v. Harry B. Mitchell, Lucille Foster McMillin, and Arthur
S. Fleming. Argued by Mr. Lee Pressman for the appellants and
by Mr. Ralph F. Fuchs for the appellees.
No. 160, October Term, 1944. Elgin, Joliet and Eastern Railway
Company, petitioner, v. G. W. Burley et al. Reargument com-
menced by Mr. Paul R. Conaghan for the petitioner and continued
by Mr. Robert L. Stern for the United States, amicus curiae, by
special leave of Court.
Adjourned until tomorrow at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Tuesday, December 4, will be as follows: Nos. 160,
October Term, 1944, 5, 57, 60, 122, 86, 77 (78, 79, 80, 81, 82, 83),
87, 114, and 306.

TUESDAY, DECEMBER 4, 1945
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
81
Present: The Chief Justice, Mr. Justice Black, Mr. Justice Reed,
Mr. Justice Frankfurter, Mr. Justice Douglas, Mr. Justice Murphy,
Mr. Justice Rutledge, and Mr. Justice Burton.
Thomas J. H. Barry, of Whitinsville, Mass.; Walter D. Allen, of
Worcester, Mass.; Simon Wampold, Jr., of Olympia, Wash.; Edmond
F. Shanahan, of Los Angeles, Calif.; Robert A. Reeder, of Troy,
Kans.; Carl W. Doozan, of Saginaw, Mich.; Hubert A. Gilbert, of
Oklahoma City, Okla.; William M. Laird, of Ann Arbor, Mich.;
Roger Williams, of Long Beach, Calif.; Napoleon J. Vigeant, of
Chicopee, Mass.; Walter M. Shea, of Chicopee, Mass.; Spencer Pink-
ham, of New York, N. Y.; Ralph L. Bailey, of Washington, D. C.;
London G. Middleton, of Peoria, Ill.; C. William Maxeiner, of San
Francisco, Calif.; Philip W. Yager, of Waukegan, Ill.; Archibald
M. Hillman, of Worcester, Mass.; David F. O'Connor, of Washington,
D. C.; Theodore E. Beckemeier, of St. Louis, Mo.; James Thomas
Connor, of New Orleans, La.; William E. Grady, Jr., of Brooklyn,
N. Y.; James Fouche Matthews, of Montgomery, Ala.; John P. Carr,
of Washington, D. C.; Robert E. Furcolow, of Washington, D. C.; C.
Walter Harris, of Washington, D. C.; Thomas A. Paulson, of Los
Angeles, Calif.; Joel K. Underwood, of Dearborn, Mich.; and Dale
H. Fillmore, of Dearborn, Mich., were admitted to practice.
No. 115. The United States of America, petitioner, v. William R.
Johnson; and
No. 116. The United States of America, petitioner, v. Jack Som-
mers, James A. Hartigan, et al. Cases passed until the January 1946
session on motion of Mr. Homer Cummings, counsel for respondents.
No. 306. J. R. Mason, petitioner, v. Paradise Irrigation District.
Submitted by Mr. J. R. Mason, pro se, and by Mr. P. M. Barceloux
for the respondent.
No. 160, October Term, 1944, Elgin, Joliet and Eastern Railway
Company, petitioner, v. G. W. Burley et al. Reargument continued
by Mr. Robert L. Stern for the United States as amicus curiae by
special leave of Court, by Mr. John H. Gately for the respondents, and
concluded by Mr. Paul R. Conaghan for the petitioner.
657009-45-28

TUESDAY, DECEMBER 4, 1945
82
No. 5. State of New York and Saratoga Springs Commission and
Saratoga Springs Authority, petitioners, v. The United States of
America. Reargued by Mr. Orrin G. Judd for the petitioners, by
Mr. Greek L. Rice for the State of Mississippi and others as amici
curiae by special leave of Court, and by Mr. Paul A. Freund for the
respondent. Leave granted petitioners to file supplemental brief by
Friday next.
Adjourned until tomorrow at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Wednesday, December 5, will be as follows: Nos.
57, 60, 122, 86, 77 (78, 79, 80, 81, 82, 83), 87, 114, 93, 100, and
123.

WEDNESDAY, DECEMBER 5, 1945
83
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: The Chief Justice, Mr. Justice Black, Mr. Justice Reed, Mr.
Justice Frankfurter, Mr. Justice Douglas, Mr. Justice Murphy, Mr.
Justice Rutledge, and Mr. Justice Burton.
Louis Mansdorf, of New York, N. Y.; Weidner Titzck, of Camden,
N. J.; H. G. Morison, of Bristol, Va.; Eugene R. Ward, of Chicago,
Ill.; William Scanlan, of Brownsville, Tex.; James H. Brown, of
Hollywood, Calif.; Leroy J. Gonring, of West Bend, Wis.; Ralph W.
Robuck, of Cincinnati, Ohio; Eugene M. Hanson, of Utica, N. Y.;
Morris Pfaelzer 2d, of Philadelphia, Pa.; Miles H. Knowles, of De-
troit, Mich.; C. Nils Tavares, of Honolulu, T. H.; S. Woods Byrer, of
Martinsburg, W. Va.; Joseph T. Pemberton, of Bellingham, Wash.;
Ignatius M. Wilkinson, of New York, N. Y.; Jerome M. Joffee, of
Kansas City, Mo.; Amos M. Waln, of Hamilton Township, N. J.;
Bruce J. Broady, of St. Paul, Minn.; Orph C. Holmes, of Ferndale,
Mich.; Richard H. Paulson, of Kalamazoo, Mich.; Arthur A. Whit-
worth, of Lincoln, Nebr.; Joseph H. Crowley, of Cleveland, Ohio;
William H. Emerson, of Rochester, N. Y.; Palma Groves Meador, of
Charleston, W. Va.; John Nicholls Charnock, of Charleston, W. Va.;
Robert Rumley Wallace, Sr., of Meridian, Miss.; Marvin E. Boisseau,
of St. Louis, Mo.; Francis M. Nash, of Bradford, Pa.; John G. Dluhy,
of Clifton, N. J.; Archie Delwood Mitchell, of Ontario, Calif.; Carl
William Anderson, of Burlingame, Calif.; Joseph A. Bonacina, of
San Jose, Calif.; John Walter Coleberd, of South San Francisco,
Calif.; Stanley D. Whitney, of Alameda, Calif.; Dennis Mitchell, of
Enid, Okla.; John H. Winston, of Johnson City, Tenn.; James F.
Brown, of Knoxville, Tenn.; Harry Ossen, of Torrington, Conn.;
Christopher J. Griffin, of Huntington Park, Calif.; Michael Tellefson,
of Culver City, Calif.; William F. Chamlee, of Chattanooga, Tenn.;
Sylvanus William Polk, of Memphis, Tenn.; Roy C. Nelson, of Eliza-
bethton, Tenn.; and Victor Woerner, of Jackson, Tenn., were admit-
ted to practice.
No. 14. Lloyd C. Duncan, petitioner, v. Duke Paoa Kahanamoku,
Sheriff of the City and County of Honolulu; and
No. 15. Harry E. White, petitioner, v. Wm. F. Steer, Colonel,
Infantry, United States Army, Provost Marshal, Central Pacific
Area. Leave granted Attorney General of the Territory of Hawaii
to appear and present oral argument as amicus curiae.
657009-45- -29
1

WEDNESDAY, DECEMBER 5, 1945
84
No. 57. Courtney M. Mabee, Clark K. Barnum, et al., petitioners,
v. White Plains Publishing Company, Inc. Argument commenced by
Mr. David H. Moses for the petitioners; continued by Mr. Jeter S.
Ray for the Administrator of the Wage and Hour Division, Depart-
ment of Labor, as amicus curiae by special leave of Court; by Mr.
Elisha Hanson for the respondent; and concluded by Mr. David H.
Moses for the petitioners.
No. 60. James E. Markham, Alien Property Custodian, petitioner,
v. Alvina Allen, Gertrude Dinwiddie, Hilda Pigozzi, et al. Argued
by Mr. M. S. Isenbergh for the petitioner and case submitted by Mr.
Joseph Wahrhaftig for the respondents.
No. 122. Julius Fisher, petitioner, v. The United States of America.
Argued by Mr. Charles H. Houston for the petitioner and by Mr.
Charles B. Murray for the respondent.
Adjourned until tomorrow at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Thursday, December 6, will be as follows: Nos. 86,
77 (78, 79, 80, 81, 82, 83), 87 (114), 93, 14, 15, 123, 100, 384,
and 139.
'
4
'
Tith

THURSDAY, DECEMBER 6, 1945
85
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: The Chief Justice, Mr. Justice Black, Mr. Justice Reed,
Mr. Justice Frankfurter, Mr. Justice Douglas, Mr. Justice Murphy,
Mr. Justice Rutledge, and Mr. Justice Burton.
Robert Showers Carney, of Minneapolis, Minn.; William G.
Coultrap, of Lancaster, Ohio; Emmet Homer Wilson, Jr., of Los
Angeles, Calif.; Malcolm A. MacIntyre, of New York, N. Y.; Morris
Bordon, of Los Angeles, Calif.; Thomas S. Kernan, of Utica, N. Y.;
Frank Fink, of Newark, N. J.; William B. Perry, of Des Moines,
Iowa; Neckley M. Ferris, of Shreveport, La.; Abraham H. Maller,
of Chicago, Ill.; Elgood Edward Stephens, of Washington, D. C.;
and George Dunham Taylor, of Beaumont, Tex., were admitted to
practice.
No. 77. The United States of America, petitioner, v. Petty Motor
Company;
No. 78. The United States of America, petitioner, v. Merrill J.
Brockbank, Doing Business as Brockbank Apparel Company;
No. 79. The United States of America, petitioner, v. William G.
Grimsdell, Doing Business as Grocer Printing Company;
No. 80. The United States of America, petitioner, v. Charles F.
Wiggs, Doing Business as Chicago Flexible Shaft Company;
No. 81. The United States of America, petitioner, v. Independent
Pneumatic Tool Company;
No. 82. The United States of America, petitioner, v. The Galigher
Company; and
No. 83. The United States of America, petitioner, v. Gray-Cannon
Lumber Company. Argued by Mr. Arnold Raum for the petitioner
and by Mr. Shirley P. Jones for the respondents.
No. 87. A. R. Tucker, appellant, v. The State of Texas; and
No. 114. Grace Marsh, appellant, v. The State of Alabama. Ar-
gued by Mr. Hayden C. Covington for the appellants. No appearance
for the appellee in No. 87. Case submitted by Mr. William N. Mc-
Queen for the appellee in No. 114.
No. 93. Hercules Gasoline Company, Inc., petitioner, v. Commis-
sioner of Internal Revenue. Argued by Mr. Melvin F. Johnson for
the petitioner and by Mr. Joseph S. Platt for the respondent.
Adjourned until tomorrow at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Friday, December 7, will be as follows: Nos. 14, 15,
123, 86, 100, 384, 139, 145, 318, and 203.
Х
657009-45- -30
1

FRIDAY, DECEMBER 7, 1945
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
86
Present: The Chief Justice, Mr. Justice Black, Mr. Justice Reed,
Mr. Justice Frankfurter, Mr. Justice Douglas, Mr. Justice Murphy,
Mr. Justice Rutledge, and Mr. Justice Burton.
Curtis Douglass, of Pampa, Tex.; William Jarrel Smith, of Pampa,
Tex.; Roy A. Gustafson, of Los Angeles, Calif.; Jack Voyles, of Port
Arthur, Tex.; V. Marquis Fortich Zerda, of Manila, P. I.; William
Henderson Brantley, Jr., of Birmingham, Ala.; Harry E. Walburg,
of Newark, N. J.; Thurston Greene, of New York, N. Y.; William
Phelps Thompson, of McPherson, Kans.; Paul P. Eagleton, of New
York, N. Y.; Solomon Dimond, of Washington, D. C.; Royal D.
Rood, of Detroit, Mich.; Harold W. Bangert, of Fargo, N. Dak.;
and Aaron Goldfarb, of Houston, Tex., were admitted to practice.
The Chief Justice said:
"I announce, with great sorrow, the death last evening, at her resi-
dence in this city, of Mrs. Charles Evans Hughes, the wife of Chief
Justice Charles Evans Hughes, retired.
"The Court expresses its regret and its sympathy to Chief Justice
Hughes and the members of his family."
=
1
No. 14. Lloyd C. Duncan, petitioner, v. Duke Paoa Kahanamoku,
Sheriff of the City and County of Honolulu; and
No. 15. Harry E. White, petitioner, v. Wm. F. Steer, Colonel, In-
fantry, United States Army. Provost Marshal, Central Pacific Area.
Argument commenced by Mr. Osmond K. Fraenkel for the petitioner
in No. 15; continued by Mr. J. Garner Anthony for the petitioner in
No. 14; by Mr. C. Nils Tavares for the Territory of Hawaii as
amicus curiae by special leave of Court; by Mr. Edward J. Ennis
for the respondents; and concluded by Mr. J. Garner Anthony for
the petitioner in No. 14. Leave granted petitioner in No. 14 to file
reply brief within one week.
Adjourned until Monday, December 10, next, at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Monday, December 10, will be as follows: Nos.
123, 86, 100, 384, 139, 145, 318, 203, 234, and 158.
☑
657009-45-31

t
N
MONDAY, DECEMBER 10, 1945
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
87
Present: The Chief Justice, Mr. Justice Black, Mr. Justice Reed,
Mr. Justice Frankfurter, Mr. Justice Douglas, Mr. Justice Murphy,
Mr. Justice Rutledge, and Mr. Justice Burton.
Thomas Henry Watkins, of Jackson, Miss.; Harold L. Kaplan, of
Bloomfield, N. J.; Donald Karrakis, of East Orange, N. J.; Verne
McMillen, of Little Rock, Ark.; James I. Teague, of Little Rock,
Ark.; Marshall M. Holcombe, of New York, N. Y.; Robert H. Skil-
ton, of Philadelphia, Pa.; Merrill M. Manning, of New York, N. Y.;
Walter Bruchhausen, of New York, N. Y.; Harry L. Yale, of Chicago,
Ill.; Herman Willer, of St. Louis, Mo.; Charles B. Collins, of Jersey
City, N. J.; Paul E. Hutchinson, of Pittsburgh, Pa.; Theodore Chase,
of Boston, Mass.; Eugene C. Gerhart, of Binghamton, N. Y.; Joseph
M. Stone, of New York, N. Y.; Charles L. Aulette, of Washington,
D. C.; Maurice P. Golden, of Chicago, Ill.; I. Sidney Stein, of In-
dianapolis, Ind.; Vince Monroe Townsend, Jr., of Los Angeles, Calif.;
and David Axelrod, of Chicago, Ill., were admitted to practice.
No. 76. James E. Markham, Alien Property Custodian, and W.
Alexander Julian, Treasurer of the United States, petitioners, v. Hart-
well Cabell. On writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court
of Appeals for the Second Circuit. Judgment affirmed and case re-
manded to the District Court of the United States for the Southern
District of New York. Opinion by Mr. Justice Douglas. Mr. Jus-
tice Jackson took no part in the consideration or decision of this case.
Concurring opinion by Mr. Justice Burton in which Mr. Justice
Frankfurter joins.
No. 39. May Department Stores Company, Doing Business as
Famous-Barr Company, petitioner, v. National Labor Relations Board.
On writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals
for the Eighth Circuit. Decree modified as indicated in the opinion
of this Court and, as so modified, affirmed, and case remanded to the
Circuit Court of Appeals for proceedings in conformity with the
opinion of this Court. Opinion by Mr. Justice Reed. Mr. Justice
Jackson took no part in the consideration or decision of this case.
Opinion by Mr. Justice Rutledge concurring in part in which the
Chief Justice and Mr. Justice Frankfurter join.
No. 71. Mine Safety Appliances Company, appellant, v. James V.
Forrestal. Appeal from the District Court of the United States for
657009-45-32
'

MONDAY, DECEMBER 10, 1945
88
the District of Columbia. Judgment affirmed and case remanded to
the District Court of the United States for the District of Columbia.
Opinion by Mr. Justice Black. Concurring in the result: Mr. Justice
Reed. Mr. Justice Jackson took no part in the consideration or
decision of this case.
No. 58. Joachim O. Fernandez, United States Collector of Internal
Revenue, appellant, v. Samuel G. Wiener, William B. Wiener, and
Jacques L. Wiener. Appeal from the District Court of the United
States for the Eastern District of Louisiana. Judgment reversed with
costs and case remanded to the said District Court for further pro-
ceedings in conformity with the opinion of this Court. Opinion by
Mr. Chief Justice Stone. Mr. Justice Jackson took no part in the
consideration or decision of this case. Concurring opinion by Mr.
Justice Douglas in which Mr. Justice Black joins.
No. 59. The United States of America, appellant, v. Henry Rompel,
Jr.. Administrator De Bonis Non Cum Testamento Annexo of Ernest
Herbst, Deceased. Appeal from the District Court of the United
States for the Western District of Texas. Judgment reversed and
case remanded to the said District Court for further proceedings in
conformity with the opinion of this Court. Opinion by Mr. Chief
Justice Stone. Mr. Justice Jackson took no part in the consideration
or decision of this case.
The following orders were not announced orally by the Chief Jus-
tice but appear on the list certified by him and filed with the Clerk:
No. 57, Misc. David Flannigan, petitioner, v. Joseph E. Ragen,
Warden, etc.; and
No. 59, Misc. In the Matter of Frank Smith, petitioner. The mo-
tions for leave to file petitions for writs of habeas corpus are denied.
No. 58, Misc. In the Matter of Thomas H. Fisher, petitioner. The
motion for leave to file petition for writ of mandamus or prohibition
is denied.
No. 616. McAllister Lighterage Line, Inc., appellant, v. The
United States of America and The Interstate Commerce Commission.
In this case probable jurisdiction is noted and the case is transferred
to the summary docket.
No. 510. Paul Knauer, petitioner, v. The United States of America.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of Appeals for the
Seventh Circuit granted.
No. 528. The United States of America ex rel. Tennessee Valley
Authority, petitioner, v. S. Columbus Welch;
th
}

MONDAY, DECEMBER 10, 1945
89
No. 529. The United States of America ex rel. Tennessee Valley
Authority, petitioner, v. John Burns et al.;
No. 530. The United States of America ex rel. Tennessee Valley
Authority, petitioner, v. Fred Lollis et al.;
No. 531. The United States of America ex rel. Tennessee Valley
Authority, petitioner, v. Arnold E. Bradshaw et al.;
No. 532. The United States of America ex rel. Tennessee Valley
Authority, petitioner, v. Philip G. Rust et al.; and
No. 533. The United States of America ex rel. Tennessee Valley
Authority, petitioner, v. Abraham Cole Hyatt et al. Petition for
writs of certiorari to the Circuit Court of Appeals for the Fourth
Circuit granted.
No. 572. James Louis Girouard, petitioner, v. The United States
of America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of
Appeals for the First Circuit granted.
No. 499. C. H. Wheeler, petitioner, v. Chester Bowles, Adminis-
trator of the Office of Price Administration. Petition for writ of
certiorari to the Circuit Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit denied.
No. 515. James F. Kirk, petitioner, v. P. J. Squier, Warden,
United States Penitentiary, McNeil Island, Washington. Petition for
writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of Appeals for the Ninth
Circuit denied.
No. 534. George N. Mas, petitioner, v. The United States of Amer-
ica. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of
Appeals for the District of Columbia denied.
No. 549. Edward F. McGunnigal, Jr., et al., petitioners, v. The
United States of America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Cir-
cuit Court of Appeals for the First Circuit denied.
No. 552. The Official Aviation Guide Company, Inc., petitioner, v.
American Aviation Associates, Inc., Wayne W. Parrish et al.; and
No. 591. American Aviation Associates, Inc., petitioner, v. The
Official Aviation Guide Company, Inc., A Cosmos Garvy et al. Pe-
titions for writs of certiorari to the Circuit Court of Appeals for the
Seventh Circuit denied.
No. 557. Judson L. Thomson Manufacturing Company, petitioner,
v. Federal Trade Commission. Fetition for writ of certiorari to the
Circuit Court of Appeals for the First Circuit denied.
No. 564. Boyd L. Kithcart, petitioner, v. Metropolitan Life Insur-
ance Company, a Corporation. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
Circuit Court of Appeals for the Eighth Circuit denied.
No. 481. James J. Laughlin, petitioner, v. The United States of
America. The motion for leave to proceed on a typewritten record
f
.
F
nt
h
MN

MONDAY, DECEMBER 10, 1945
90
is granted. The petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia is denied.
No. 489. Edward F. Zap, petitioner, v. The United States of Amer-
ica. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of Appeals
for the Ninth Circuit. The petition for writ of certiorari in this case
is denied for failure to comply with par. 2 of rule 38 of the Rules of
this Court. The brief filed in support of the petition is not "direct
and concise" as required by that rule. Mr. Justice Black is of the
opinion that the length of the brief does not justify the action taken
by the Court.
No. 420. Francis Haines, petitioner, v. Walter Nierstheimer, War-
den, etc. On petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of
Randolph County, State of Illinois;
No. 430. John H. Rooney, petitioner, v. Joseph E. Ragen, Warden,
etc. On petition for writ of certiorari to the Criminal Court of Cook
County, State of Illinois;
No. 438. James Carman, petitioner, v. T. P. Sullivan, Illinois State
Prison Director, et al. On petition for writ of certiorari to the Cir-
cuit Court of Randolph County, State of Illinois;
No. 440. George E. Moore, petitioner, v. The State of Wisconsin.
On petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Wisconsin ;
No. 441. William H. Fitzpatrick, petitioner, v. Walter Niers-
theimer, Warden, etc. On petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit
Court of Randolph County, State of Illinois;
No. 466. Calvin Smith, petitioner, v. Joseph E. Ragen, Warden,
etc. On petition for writ of certiorari to the Criminal Court of Cook
County, State of Illinois; and
No. 467. Henry Clay Barland, petitioner, v. Joseph E. Ragen,
Warden, etc. On petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court
of Will County, State of Illinois. The motions for leave to proceed
in forma pauperis in these cases are granted. The petitions for writs
of certiorari are denied.
No. 54. Scott Paper Company, petitioner, v. Marcalus Manufac-
turing Company, Inc., and Nicholas Marcalus; and
No. 461. Ralph R. Renninger, petitioner, v. The People of the
State of New York. The petitions for rehearing in these cases are
denied.
The Court will take a recess from Monday, December 17, until
January 2, 1946.
1
५
糖
H
$

MONDAY, DECEMBER 10, 1945
91
Mr. Justice Jackson took no part in the consideration or decision of
the cases in which judgments or orders are this day announced.
No. 123. Carl B. Williams, petitioner, v. The United States of
America. Argued by Mr. Samuel Slaff for the petitioner and by
Mr. Irving S. Shapiro for the respondent.
No. 86. William H. Griffin, petitioner, v. Grace H. Griffin. Argued
by Mr. William H. Griffin pro se and by Mr. A. M. Goldstein for the
respondent.
No. 100. Bertram Williams et al., Suing on Behalf of Themselves
and All Other Holders of Class B Debentures of Green Bay and
Western Railroad Company, petitioners, v. Green Bay and Western
Railroad Company. Argued by Mr. Milton Pollack for the petition-
ers and by Mr. W. Lloyd Kitchel for the respondent.
Adjourned until tomorrow at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Tuesday, December 11, will be as follows: Nos.
384, 139, 145, 318, 203, 234, 158, 305, 198, and 163.
Х

TUESDAY, DECEMBER 11, 1945
92
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: The Chief Justice, Mr. Justice Black, Mr. Justice Reed,
Mr. Justice Frankfurter, Mr. Justice Douglas, Mr. Justice Murphy,
Mr. Justice Rutledge, and Mr. Justice Burton.
Thad F. Wasielewski, of Milwaukee, Wis.; John W. Rutland, Jr.,
of Dallas, Tex.; William J. Park, of Austin, Tex.; Donald D. Hick-
man, of Arkansas City, Kans.; C. Vernon Thompson, of Chicago, Ill.;
McKinley Edwards, of Bryson City, N. C.; John V. Wheat, of
Houston, Tex.; J. E. Price, of Houston, Tex.: Ruel C. Walker, of
Cleburne, Tex.; Robert J. Hilliard, of Chicago, Ill.: Donald J. Meyer,
of St. Louis, Mo.; Clark M. Clifford, of St. Louis, Mo.; Carl Pergler,
of Washington, D. C.; Augustus P. Crenshaw III, of Washington,
D. C.; Henry W. Cramer, of Seattle, Wash.; and Francis Thornton
Greene, of Richmond, Va., were admitted to practice.
No. 608. James A. Taylor, petitioner, v. New York Central Rail-
road Company. Time within which to file response to petition for
certiorari extended to and including December 28 on motion of coun-
sel for the respondent.
No. 481. James J. Laughlin, petitioner, v. United States. The
motion of the petitioner to stay issuance of order denying petition
for writ of certiorari is denied.
No. 489. Edward F. Zap. petitioner, v. United States. The issuance
of the order denying petition for writ of certiorari is stayed pending
the consideration and decision on a petition for rehearing to be filed
within the time prescribed in rule 33, on motion of counsel for the
petitioner. Counsel may file substituted brief, conforming to re-
quirements of par. 2 of rule 38, in support of petition for writ of
certiorari if so advised.
No. 633. Francis P. Slattery, petitioner. v. Allan A. MacDonald,
Sheriff, etc. Time within which to file response to petition for cer-
tiorari extended to and including January 2 on motion of counsel
for the respondent.
No. 384. Forrest S. Smith. Trustee of the Property of Hoboken
Manufacturers Railroad Company, Debtor, et al., petitioners, v.
Hoboken Railroad Warehouse and Steamship Connecting Company
657009-45-33
像
1
1
in
,

TUESDAY, DECEMBER 11, 1945
93
et al. Argument commenced by Mr. James D. Carpenter for the peti-
tioner, Forrest S. Smith, Trustee, etc.; continued by Mr. Parker Mc-
Collester for the petitioners, Debtor, Hoboken Manufacturers Rail-
road Company et al.; and concluded by Mr. Edward J. O'Mara for
the respondents.
No. 139. Max Levinson, petitioner, v. Spector Motor Service, a
Corporation. Argued by Mr. Harry L. Yale for the petitioner and
by Mr. David Axelrod for the respondent.
No. 145. Commissioner of Internal Revenue, petitioner, v. J. N.
Flowers. Argument commenced by Mr. J. Louis Monarch for the
petitioner.
Adjourned until tomorrow at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Wednesday, December 12, will be as follows: Nos.
145, 318, 203, 234, 158, 305, 198, 163, and 187.
✓
1
1

WEDNESDAY, DECEMBER 12, 1945
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
94
Present: The Chief Justice, Mr. Justice Black, Mr. Justice Reed, Mr.
Justice Frankfurter, Mr. Justice Douglas, Mr. Justice Murphy, Mr.
Justice Rutledge, and Mr. Justice Burton.
Charles E. Gorsuch, of Aberdeen, S. Dak.; Julius Cohen, of Mor-
gantown, W. Va.; Richard S. Brazeau, of Wisconsin Rapids, Wis.;
Leo A. Temmey, of Huron, S. Dak.; Nils A. Boe, of Sioux Falls, S.
Dak.; Timothy I. O'Reilly, of San Luis Obispo, Calif.; William F.
Hamilton, of New York, N. Y.; J. Stanley Stroud, of Chicago, Ill.;
Wright F. Hallfrisch, of Whitefish Bay, Wis.; Paul Maloney, of
Philadelphia, Pa.; J. Henry Neale, of White Plains, N. Y.; Francis
M. Divilio, of New Haven, Conn.; William J. Regan, of Washington,
D. C.; and Harold J. Finder, of Chicago, Ill., were admitted to prac-
tice.
No. 145. Commissioner of Internal Revenue, petitioner, v. J. N.
Flowers. Argument continued by Mr. J. Louis Monarch for the pe-
titioner and concluded by Mr. J. W. Ogden for the respondent.
No. 318. The Social Security Board, petitioner, v. Joseph Nierotke.
Argued by Mr. Paul A. Sweeney for the petitioner and by Mr. Ernest
Goodman for the respondent.
No. 203. Commissioner of Internal Revenue, petitioner, v. Estate
of Harry Holmes, Deceased, Lucy B. Holmes, Independent Execu-
trix. Argued by Miss Helen R. Carloss for the petitioner and by Mr.
J. V. Wheat for the respondent.
No. 234. Mississippi Publishing Corporation, petitioner, v. Dennis
Murphree. Argued by Mr. William H. Watkins for the petitioner
and by Mr. Rufus Creekmore for the respondent.
Adjourned until tomorrow at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Thursday, December 13, will be as follows: Nos.
158, 305, 198, 163, and 187.
657009-45-34
पू

THURSDAY, DECEMBER 13, 1945
95
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: The Chief Justice, Mr. Justice Black, Mr. Justice Reed,
Mr. Justice Frankfurter, Mr. Justice Douglas, Mr. Justice Murphy,
Mr. Justice Rutledge, and Mr. Justice Burton.
James H. Cowan, of Washington, D. C.; Labre R. Garcia, of An-
tonito, Colo.; Kenneth C. Schwartz, of Mount Vernon, N. Y.; Patrick
J. Taft, of Washington, D. C.; Alan B. Aldwell, of San Francisco,
Calif.; Reid Richmond Briggs, of Los Angeles, Calif.; Gerald May,
of Boston, Mass.; Percy C. Madeira III, of Philadelphia, Pa.; Robert
Benjamin Shapiro, of Chicago, Ill.; George Lake, of New York, N. Y.;
Henry Howard, Jr., of New York, N. Y.; Harold Knowles Congdon,
Jr., of Randolph, N. Y.; William R. Eddleman, of Seattle, Wash.;
Frank J. Strassner, Jr., of Philadelphia, Pa.; Newton E. Davis, of
San Francisco, Calif.; Maurice Neil Ray, of Chicago, Ill.; Daniel V.
Ryan, of San Francisco, Calif.; Walter J. Klockau, Jr., of Moline, Ill.;
and Kenneth I. Ghormley, of Washington, D. C., were admitted to
practice.
No. 625. Cecil I. Hust, petitioner, v. Moore-McCormack Lines,
Inc. Time to file brief for respondent extended to and including
January 15, 1946, on application of counsel for the respondent.
No. 158. The People of the State of New York, ex rel. Donald
A. J. Ray, appellant, v. Walter B. Martin, as Warden of Attica State
Prison, Attica, New York, et al. Argued by Mr. Thomas J. McKenna
for the petitioner; by Mr. Henry S. Manley for respondents, Martin,
Warden, and the State of New York; by Mr. Charles E. Congdon for
respondent, Cattaraugus County, New York; and by Mr. Roger P.
Marquis for the United States, as amicus curiae, by special leave of
Court.
No. 305. Township of Hillsborough, Somerset County, N. J., et al.,
petitioners, v. Doris Duke Cromwell, Individually and as Trustee of
the Duke Endowment. Argument commenced by Mr. Harry E.
Walburg for the petitioners and continued by Mr. Charles E. Hughes,
Jr., for the respondent.
Adjourned until tomorow at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Friday, December 14, will be as follows: Nos. 305,
198, 163, and 187.
☑
657009-45-35

FRIDAY, DECEMBER 14, 1945
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
96
Present: The Chief Justice, Mr. Justice Black, Mr. Justice Reed,
Mr. Justice Frankfurter, Mr. Justice Douglas, Mr. Justice Murphy,
Mr. Justice Rutledge, and Mr. Justice Burton.
George Roberts, of New York, N. Y.; John F. Donelan, of Wash-
ington, D. C.; John Minor Wisdom, of New Orleans, La.; Robert
Goodhart Polack, of New Orleans, La.; Gilbert Whitney Baron, of
Springfield, Mass.; Vernon Rowe Gatley, of Denver, Colo.; Don Petty,
of Los Angeles, Calif.; and Robert H. Burnham, of St. Paul, Minn.,
were admitted to practice.
No. 269. Milton Roe Sabin and Bertha Florenece Sabin, petitioners,
v. Home Owners' Loan Corporation et al. Time to file supplement
to petition for rehearing extended to and including January 11, 1946,
on application of Mrs. Bertha Florence Sabin, pro se.
No. 305. Township of Hillsborough, Somerset County, N. J., et al.,
petitioners, v. Doris Duke Cromwell, Individually and as Trustee of
the Duke Endowment. Argument continued by Mr. Charles E.
Hughes, Jr. for the respondent and concluded by Mr. Shelton Pitney
for the respondent.
No. 198. M. Kraus & Bros., Inc., petitioner, v. United States.
Argued by Mr. Thomas Turner Cooke for the petitioner and by Mr.
W. Marvin Smith for the respondent.
No. 187. Cherry Cotton Mills, Inc., petitioner, v. United States.
Argued by Mr. Theodore B. Benson for the petitioner and by Mr.
David L. Kreeger for the respondent.
Adjourned until Monday, December 17, next, at 12 o'clock.
☑
1
657009-45-36
"

修
MONDAY, DECEMBER 17, 1945
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
97
Present: The Chief Justice, Mr. Justice Black, Mr. Justice Reed,
Mr. Justice Frankfurter, Mr. Justice Douglas, Mr. Justice Murphy,
Mr. Justice Rutledge, and Mr. Justice Burton.
Ernest S. Meyers, of New Rochelle, N. Y.; Robert J. Rubin, of Los
Angeles, Calif.; J. Darwin Bond, of Dallas, Tex.; Coleman Gay, of
Austin, Tex.; James Manley Head, of Austin, Tex.; Lyle M. Stevens,
of Long Beach, Calif.; John Stanley Brill, of Los Angeles, Calif.;
Joseph Homer Riley, of Tucson, Ariz.; Leighton Cornett, of Clarks-
ville, Tex.; Arthur Dixon, of Chicago, Ill.; William H. Kerr, of
Boston, Mass.; Arthur J. Donnelly, of St. Paul, Minn.; Edgar M.
Souza, of New York, N. Y.; Oscar M. Ruebhausen, of New York,
N. Y.; B. E. Shlesinger, of Rochester, N. Y.; and Gordon W. Gabell,
of Philadelphia, Pa., were admitted to practice.
No. 93. Hercules Gasoline Company, Inc., petitioner, v. Commis-
sioner of Internal Revenue. On writ of certiorari to the United
States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit. Judgment
affirmed and case remanded to the said Circuit Court of Appeals.
Opinion by Mr. Justice Black. Dissenting: Mr. Justice Burton. Mr.
Justice Jackson took no part in the consideration or decision of this
case. Dissenting opinion by Mr. Justice Reed in which the Chief
Justice joins.
The following orders were not announced orally by the Chief Justice
but appear on the list certified by him and filed with the Clerk:
No. 60, Misc. Frank Davis, petitioner, v. Walter Nierstheimer,
Warden, etc.; and
No. 62, Misc. Fred Singer, petitioner, v. Joseph E. Ragen, Warden,
etc. The motions for leave to file petitions for writs of certiorari are
denied.
No. 63, Misc. Lee Van Woods, petitioner, v. Walter Nierstheimer,
Warden, etc. The motion for leave to file a petition for writ of habeas
corpus is denied.
No. 64, Misc. Louis Burall, petitioner, v. Honorable Michael J.
Roche, United States District Judge. The motion for leave to file a
petition for writ of mandamus is denied.
657009-45-37
!
1
༈
whe
*

MONDAY, DECEMBER 17, 1945
98
No. 11, Original. The State of Georgia, complainant, v. The Penn-
sylvania Railroad Company et al.
It is ordered that Lloyd K. Garrison, Esquire, be, and he is hereby,
appointed Special Master in this cause, with authority to summon wit-
nesses, issue subpoenas, and to take such evidence as may be introduced
and such as he may deem it necessary to call for. The Master is di-
rected to find the facts specially and state separately his conclusions
of law thereon (cf. Rule 52 of the Rules of Civil Procedure for the
District Courts of the United States, first sentence), and to submit
the same to this Court with all convenient speed, together with a draft
of the decree recommended by him. The findings, conclusions, and
recommended decree of the Master shall be subject to consideration,
revision, or approval by the Court. The Master shall be allowed his
actual expenses and a reasonable compensation for his services to be
fixed hereafter by the Court. The allowances to him, the compensation
paid to his stenographic and clerical assistants, and the cost of
printing his report shall be charged against and be borne by the
parties in such proportion as the Court hereafter may direct. If the
appointment herein made of a Master is not accepted, or if the place
becomes vacant during the recess of the Court, the Chief Justice shall
have authority to make a new designation which shall have the same
effect as if originally made by the Court herein.
No. 627. Howard Hall Company, Inc., appellant, v. United States
et al. In this case probable jurisdiction is noted and the case is trans-
ferred to the summary docket.
No. 457. Gus Kotteakos and Michael Lekacos, petitioners, v. United
States; and
No. 458. Nathan Regenbogen, petitioner, v. United States. The
motion to dispense with reprinting the record is granted.
No. 496. M. E. Heiser, petitioner, v. Willie Mae Woodruff et al.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of Appeals for
the Tenth Circuit granted.
No. 571. Willie Mae Woodruff, petitioner, v. M. E. Heiser. Peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of Appeals for the
Tenth Circuit denied.
No. 509. M. E. Heiser, petitioner, v. Margueritte B. Woodruff et
al.; and
No. 581. Margueritte B. Woodruff, Leonard Woodruff, Jr., et al.,
petitioners, v. M. E. Heiser. Petitions for writs of certiorari to the
Circuit Court of Appeals for the Tenth Circuit denied.
11

MONDAY, DECEMBER 17, 1945
99
No. 562. C. K. Yoon, petitioner, v. Territory of Hawaii. Petition
for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of Appeals for the Ninth
Circuit denied.
No. 595. Anna Lee Shelton, petitioner, v. United States. Petition
for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of Appeals for the Sixth
Circuit denied.
No. 596. Arden Dietrich Bode, Alfred Earnest Partridge, et al.,
petitioners, v. United States. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
Circuit Court of Appeals for the Sixth Circuit denied.
No. 638. Philip Godfrey et al., petitioners, v. Legh R. Powell, Jr.,
and Henry W. Anderson, as Receivers of Seaboard Air Line Railway
Company et al.; and
No. 639. Philip Godfrey et al., petitioners, v. Legh R. Powell, Jr.,
and Henry W. Anderson, as Receivers of Seaboard Air Line Rail-
way Company et al. Petition for writs of certiorari to the Circuit
Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 479. Lester Barnard, petitioner, v. Joseph E. Ragen, Warden,
Illinois State Penitentiary, Joliet, Illinois. On petition for writ of
certiorari to the Circuit Court of Appeals for the Seventh Circuit; and
No. 487. Matthew Nowak, petitioner, v. Walter Nierstheimer, War-
den, Illinois State Penitentiary, Menard, Illinois. On petition for
writ of certiorari to the Criminal Court, Cook County, State of
Illinois. The motions for leave to proceed in forma pauperis are
granted. The petitions for writs of certiorari are denied.
No. 61, Misc. In the matter of the Application of General Tomo-
yuki Yamashita for Writs of Habeas Corpus and Prohibition; and
No. - General Tomoyuki Yamashita, petitioner, v. Lieutenant
General Wilhelm D. Styer, Commanding General, U. S. Army Forces,
Western Pacific. On petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme
Court of the Commonwealth of the Philippines.
It having been represented to this Court by the Attorney General
of the United States that a petition for writ of certiorari in the above-
entitled cause has been forwarded to this Court from Manila to review
the denial of writs of habeas corpus and prohibition by the Supreme
Court of the Commonwealth of the Philippines, on or about No-
vember 28, 1945;
And whereas, the Court considers it advisable to defer considera-
tion of the application for writs of habeas corpus and prohibition
until it has had an opportunity to examine the petition for writ of
certiorari;

MONDAY, DECEMBER 17, 1945
100
It is ordered by this Court that all further proceedings in this cause
be, and the same are hereby, stayed pending the consideration and
determination by this Court of the applications for writs of habeas
corpus and prohibition now pending as No. 61, Miscellaneous of the
present term, and of the petition for writ of certiorari now in transit.
The Secretary of War is requested to advise the Military Authori-
ties of this action of the Court.
No. 59. The United States of America, appellant, v. Henry Rompel,
Jr., Administrator De Bonis Non Cum Testamento Annexo of Ernest
Herbst, Deceased. There is added at the end of the opinion of the
Court in this case, announced on December 10, 1945, the following
statement:
"Mr. Justice Black and Mr. Justice Douglas concur in the result for
the reasons stated in the concurring opinion of Mr. Justice Douglas in
case No. 58, Joachim O. Fernandez, United States Collector of In-
ternal Revenue, appellant, v. Samuel G. Wiener et al."
No. 71. Mine Safety Appliances Co. v. James V. Forrestal. The
concurring opinion of Mr. Justice Reed in this case is amended so
that it will read as follows:
"Mr. Justice Reed concurs in the result for the reason that he thinks
no adequate ground is alleged for an injunction. In his view a legal
remedy exists in the Court of Claims since objection to the amount of
excess profits is waived and the stipulation, referred to in the opinion,
removes multiplicity of actions for relief as a possible ground.”
Mr. Justice Jackson took no part in the consideration or decision
of the cases in which judgments or orders are this day announced.
Adjourned until Wednesday, January 2, 1946, at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Wednesday, January 2, 1946, will be as follows:
Nos. 115 (116), 221, 365, 254 (255), 289, 152, 354, 392, 320,
and 163.
Х

THURSDAY, DECEMBER 20, 1945, 3:45 P. M.
101
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
The Court met in Special Term pursuant to a call by the Chief Jus-
tice having the approval of all the Associate Justices present.
Present: The Chief Justice, Mr. Justice Black, Mr. Justice Reed,
Mr. Justice Frankfurter, Mr. Justice Douglas, Mr. Justice Murphy,
Mr. Justice Rutledge, and Mr. Justice Burton.
The Court enters the following order:
No. 61, Miscellaneous. In the Matter of the Application of General
Tomoyuki Yamashita for Writs of Habeas Corpus and Prohibition.
No. 672. General Tomoyuki Yamashita, Petitioner, v. Lieutenant
General Wilhelm D. Styer, Commanding General, U. S. Army Forces,
Western Pacific. On motion for leave to file petition for writs of
habeas corpus and prohibition and on petition for a writ of certiorari
to the Supreme Court of the Commonwealth of the Philippines.
The Court desires to hear argument upon the questions presented
by the motion for leave to file the petition for writs of habeas corpus
and prohibition and by the petition for writ of certiorari. Action up-
on the motion for leave to file and the petition for writ of certiorari
will be withheld meanwhile, and the motion and petition are set down
for oral argument on Monday, January 7, next.
Mr. Justice Jackson took no part in the consideration of this order.
Adjourned until Wednesday, January 2, 1946, at 12 o'clock.
☑
657009-45-38

WEDNESDAY, JANUARY 2, 1946
102
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present The Chief Justice, Mr. Justice Black, Mr. Justice Reed,
Mr. Justice Frankfurter, Mr. Justice Douglas, Mr. Justice Murphy,
Mr. Justice Rutledge, and Mr. Justice Burton.
Ellis Lyons, of Washington, D. C.; Julien Gray Hathaway, of
Ventura, Calif.; Willard Durre Egolf, of Chevy Chase, Md.; Theo-
dore A. Westphal, Jr., of San Francisco, Calif.; Harold Steele Har-
rison, of Washington, D. C.; Thomas E. Byrne, Jr., of Philadelphia,
Pa.; Julia Benton Hopkins, of Washington, D. C.; M. Arthur Waite,
of Ojai, Calif.; Seymour L. Coblens, of Arlington, Va.; Peter R.
Nehemkis, Jr., of Newark, N. J.; and S. Floyd Nagle, of Greenwich,
Conn., were admitted to practice.
No. 203. Commissioner of Internal Revenue, petitioner, v. Estate
of Harry Holmes, Deceased, Lucy B. Holmes, Independent Executrix.
On writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals
for the Fifth Circuit. Judgment reversed and case remanded to the
Circuit Court of Appeals for further proceedings consistent with
the opinion of this Court. Opinion by Mr. Justice Rutledge. Mr.
Justice Douglas dissents. Mr. Justice Jackson took no part in the
consideration or decision of this case.
No. 31. William Chatwin, petitioner, v. The United States of
America;
No. 32. Charles F. Zitting, petitioner, v. The United States of
America; and
No. 33. Edna Christensen, petitioner, v. The United States of
America. On writs of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court
of Appeals for the Tenth Circuit. Judgments reversed and cases
remanded to the District Court of the United States for the District
of Utah for further proceedings in conformity with the opinion of
this Court. Opinion by Mr. Justice Murphy. Mr. Justice Burton
concurs in the result. Mr. Justice Jackson took no part in the consid-
eration or decision of this case.
No. 145. Commissioner of Internal Revenue, petitioner, v. J. N.
Flowers. On writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of
Appeals for the Fifth Circuit. Judgment reversed and case remanded
to the Circuit Court of Appeals for further proceedings in conformity
with the opinion of this Court. Opinion by Mr. Justice Murphy. Mr.
657009-46-39
3

WEDNESDAY, JANUARY 2, 1946
103
Justice Jackson took no part in the consideration or decision of this
case. Dissenting opinion by Mr. Justice Rutledge.
No. 95. Railroad Retirement Board, Brotherhood of Railway and
Steamship Clerks, Freight Handlers, Express and Station Employees,
and George M. Harrison, petitioners, v. Duquesne Warehouse Com-
pany. On writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of
Appeals for the Second Circuit.
No. 103. Duquesne Warehouse Company, petitioner, v. Railroad
Retirement Board and Brotherhood of Railway and Steamship Clerks,
Freight Handlers, Express and Station Employees. On writ of cer-
tiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the District of Co-
lumbia. Judgment in No. 95 reversed and case remanded to the Dis-
trict Court of the United States for the Southern District of New
York for further proceedings in conformity with the opinion of this
Court. Judgment in No. 103 affirmed and case remanded to the
District Court of the United States for the District of Columbia.
Opinion by Mr. Justice Douglas. Mr. Justice Jackson took no part in
the consideration or decision of this case.
No. 560. Schenley Distillers Corporation and Schenley Distilleries
Motor Division, Inc., appellants, v. The United States of America, In-
terstate Commerce Commission, et al. Appeal from the District Court
of the United States for the District of Delaware. Decree affirmed.
Opinion per curiam announced by the Chief Justice. Mr. Justice Jack-
son took no part in the consideration or decision of this case.
No. 234. Mississippi Publishing Corporation, petitioner, v. Dennis
Murphree. On writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of
Appeals for the Fifth Circuit. Judgment affirmed with costs and case
remanded to the District Court of the United States for the Northern
District of Mississippi. Opinion by Mr. Chief Justice Stone. Mr.
Justice Jackson took no part in the consideration or decision of this
case.
The Chief Justice announced the following orders of the Court:
No. 637. The Board of Supervisors of Monona County, Iowa, O. H.
Hale, et al., appellants, v. The Board of Trustees of Monona-Harrison
Drainage District No. 1, in Monona and Harrison Counties, Iowa, et al.
Appeal from the Supreme Court of Iowa. Per curiam: The motion to
dismiss is granted and the appeal is dismissed for want of a substan-
tial federal question. Breiholz v. Board of Supervisors, 257 U. S. 118.
No. 636. Murray Winters, appellant, v. The People of the State of
New York. Further consideration of the question of the jurisdiction
of this Court in this case is postponed to the hearing of the case on
the merits.
1
H

WEDNESDAY, JANUARY 2, 1946
104
No. 23. Heber Kimball Cleveland, petitioner, v. United States;
No. 24. Heber Kimball Cleveland, petitioner, v. United States;
No. 25. Heber Kimball Cleveland, petitioner, v. United States;
No. 26. David Brigham Darger, petitioner, v. United States;
No. 27. Vergel Y. Jessop, petitioner, v. United States;
No. 28. Theral Ray Dockstader, petitioner, v. United States;
No. 29. L. R. Stubbs, petitioner, v. United States;
No. 30. Follis Gardner Petty, petitioner, v. United States;
No. 34. United Federal Workers of America (CIO) et al., appel-
lants, v. Harry B. Mitchell, Lucille Foster McMillin, et al.; and
No. 139. Max Levinson, petitioner, v. Spector Motor Service, a
Corporation. These cases are restored to the docket for reargument
before a full bench.
The following orders were not announced orally by the Chief
Justice but appear on the list certified by him and filed with the Clerk;
No. 67. Thomas Paper Stock Company et al., petitioners, v. Chester
Bowles, Price Administrator. Further consideration of the motion
to dismiss the writ of certiorari in this case is postponed to the oral
argument of the case. The case is transferred to the summary docket
and set to follow No. 578.
No. 411. United States v. Judge Eugene Rice, District Judge for
the Eastern District of Oklahoma. Further consideration of the
motion to bring up the entire record and cause is postponed until
the hearing of the case on the certificate at which time counsel may
direct their argument to the question of the power of the Court to
order up the entire record and cause pursuant to 28 U. S. C. 346.
No. 65, Misc. In the Matter of Dorsey Edmondson, petitioner ;
No. 69, Misc. James H. Johnson, petitioner, v. John Hancock Mu-
tual Life Insurance Company et al.; and
No. 71, Misc. In the Matter of Martin J. Durkin, petitioner. The
applications are denied.
No. 66, Misc. William G. Hayes, petitioner, v. Joseph E. Ragen,
Warden, etc. The motion for leave to file petition for writ of cer-
tiorari is denied.
No. 67, Misc. Vergil D. McMillan, petitioner, v. United States
Municipal Court et al. The motion for leave to file a petition for
writ of prohibition is denied.
No. 68, Misc. Abraham Grimm, petitioner, v. Walter Nierstheimer,
Warden, etc.; and
No. 70, Misc. Harry C. Kelly, petitioner, v. James A. Johnston,
Warden, etc. The motions for leave to file petitions for writs of
habeas corpus are denied.

WEDNESDAY, JANUARY 2, 1946
105
No. 578. Thomas Paper Stock Company et al., petitioners, v. Chester
Bowles, Price Administrator. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
United States Emergency Court of Appeals granted.
No. 603. First Iowa Hydro-Electric Co-Operative, petitioner, v.
Federal Power Commission et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to
the United States Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia
granted.
No. 605. Jacob Siegel Company, petitioner, v. Federal Trade Com-
mission. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of Ap-
peals for the Third Circuit granted.
No. 609. Comet Carriers, Inc., petitioner, v. L. Metcalfe Walling,
Administrator of the Wage and Hour Division, United States Depart-
ment of Labor. On petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court
of Appeals for the Second Circuit. The petition for writ of certiorari
in this case is granted limited to the third question raised in the Gov-
ernment's brief. The case is transferred to the summary docket and
set to follow No. 139.
No. 520. Allen Pope, petitioner, v. United States. Petition for writ
of certiorari to the Court of Claims denied.
No. 573. Estate of Humphrey J. Lynch, Deceased, the County
Trust Company and Mary A. Fleming, Executors, petitioners, v.
Commissioner of Internal Revenue. Petition for writ of certiorari
to the Circuit Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit denied.
No. 579. 870 Seventh Avenue Corporation, Doing Business As The
Park Central, petitioner, v. Chester Bowles, Administrator, Office of
Price Administration. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit
Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit denied.
No. 582. The California Oregon Power Company, petitioner, v..
Federal Power Commission. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
Circuit Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit denied.
No. 613. John Locke Green, petitioner, v. Hon. Colgate W. Dar-
den, Jr., Governor of Virginia. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
Supreme Court of Appeals of the Commonwealth of Virginia denied.
No. 619. Chicago Great Western Railway Company, petitioner, v.
David T. Beecher, a Minor, by Joseph Beecher, His Father and Nat-
ural Guardian. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court.
of Appeals for the Eighth Circuit denied.
NE
i
1
*

WEDNESDAY, JANUARY 2, 1946
106
No. 563. Valentine & Sons, a Co-Partnership, et al., petitioners, v.
Chester Bowles, Price Administrator. Petition for writ of certiorari
to the United States Emergency Court of Appeals denied.
No. 576. Fred R. Reeves, John H. Bradley, et al., petitioners, v.
Chester Bowles, Administrator, Office of Price Administration.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the District of Columbia denied.
No. 599. Claud Cochran, petitioner, v. United States. Petition for
writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit
denied.
No. 607. Frank Smrekar, Jr., a Minor, by Frank Smrekar, Sr., His
Guardian Ad Litem, petitioner, v. Bay and River Navigation Com-
pany and Black Company. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
District Court of Appeal, 1st Appellate District, State of California,
denied.
No. 601. Elizabeth C. Lownsbury, Mrs. Evelyn H. Brantley, et al.,
petitioners, v. Securities and Exchange Commission and the Com-
monwealth and Southern Corporation. The motion to defer con-
sideration is denied. The petition for writ of certiorari to the Cir-
cuit Court of Appeals for the Third Circuit is also denied. Mr.
Justice Douglas took no part in the consideration or decision of these
applications.
No. 587. Edwin J. Creel, petitioner, v. Robert T. Creel;
No. 588. Edwin J. Creel, petitioner, v. Robert T. Creel; and
No. 589. Edwin J. Creel, petitioner, v. Robert T. Creel. The motion
for leave to file a substituted petition is denied. The petition for writs
of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the District
of Columbia is also denied.
No. 218. William Dainard, petitioner, v.. James A. Johnston,
Warden, etc. On petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court
of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit;
No. 336. Tony Leonard Gardner, petitioner, v. The Railroad Retire-
ment Board. On petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court
of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit;
No. 367. Luther A. Sykes, petitioner, v. Joseph W. Sanford, War-
den, etc. On petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of
Appeals for the Fifth Circuit ;
No. 376. E. R. Lindsey, petitioner, v. Charles H. Leavy, C. C.
Quackenbush, et al. On petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit
Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit;

WEDNESDAY, JANUARY 2, 1946
107
No. 398. Dorsey Willard McMahan, petitioner, v. James A. John-
ston, Warden, etc. On petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit
Court of Appeals for the Tenth Circuit;
No. 462. Fred Wilson, petitioner, v. The People of the State of
Illinois. On petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of
Will County, State of Illinois;
No. 463. Harold A. Witt, petitioner, v. Joseph E. Ragen, Warden,
etc. On petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of Kendall
County, State of Illinois;
No. 472. Golden Booth, petitioner, v. A. C. Aderhold, Warden, etc.
On petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Georgia;
No. 491. John Welch, petitioner, v. Joseph E. Ragen, Warden, etc.
On petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Illinois;
No. 492. George Woods, petitioner, v. Joseph E. Ragen, Warden,
etc. On petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of
Illinois;
No. 493. William Kirsch, petitioner, v. Joseph E. Ragen, Warden,
etc. On petition for writ of certiorari to the Criminal Court, Cook
County, State of Illinois;
No. 494. William Kirsch, petitioner, v. Joseph E. Ragen, Warden,
etc. On petition for writ of certiorari to the Criminal Court, Cook
County, State of Illinois;
No. 508. Gerald P. Fleeger, petitioner, v. Joseph E. Ragen, Warden,
etc. On petition for writ of certiorari to the Criminal Court, Cook
Counay, State of Illinois;
No. 512. Renzo Taylor, petitioner, v. People of the State of Illinois.
On petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Illinois;
No. 513. Carl Mathews, petitioner, v. Joseph E. Ragen, Warden,
etc. On petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of
Illinois;
No. 521. Arletus Sharp, petitioner, v. Joseph E. Ragen, Warden,
etc. On petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of
Illinois;
No. 522. Eugene Stratton, petitioner, v. Joseph E. Ragen, Warden,
etc. On petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of
Illinois;
No. 525. Carl William West, petitioner, v. Joseph E. Ragen,
Warden, etc. On petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court,
Kane County, State of Illinois;
No. 526. William H. Fitzpatrick, petitioner, v. Walter Nierstheimer,
Warden, etc. On petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court
of Illinois;

WEDNESDAY, JANUARY 2, 1946
108
No. 527. Matthew Nowak, petitioner, v. Walter Nierstheimer, War-
den, etc. On petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court,
Randolph County, State of Illinois;
No. 536. Vito Nitti, petitioner, v. People of the State of Illinois.
On petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Illinois;
No. 538. Stanley Platt, petitioner, v. Joseph E. Ragen, Warden,
etc. On petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of Will
County, State of Illinois;
No. 541. John F. Madden, petitioner, v. Joseph E. Ragen, Warden,
etc. On petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of Will
County, State of Illinois. The motions for leave to proceed in forma
pauperis in these cases are granted. The petitions for writs of cer-
tiorari are denied.
No. 208. Kingdon William De Normand, Joseph Peter Oddo, et al.,
petitioners, v. United States. The motion for leave to file a second
petition for rehearing is granted. The petition for rehearing is
denied.
No. 552. The Official Aviation Guide Company, Inc., petitioner, v.
American Aviation Associates, Inc., Wayne W. Parrish, et al. The
petition for rehearing is denied.
Mr. Justice Jackson took no part in the consideration or decision
of the cases in which judgments or orders are this day announced.
No. 115. United States, petitioner, v. William R. Johnson; and
No. 116. United States, petitioner, v. Jack Sommers, James A.
Hartigan, et al. Argued by Mr. Arnold Raum for the petitioner and
by Mr. Homer Cummings for the respondents.
No. 221. Taze Hamrick Gibson, petitioner, v. United States. Argu-
ment commenced by Mr. Hayden C. Covington for the petitioner and
continued by Mr. Irving S. Shapiro for the respondent.
Adjourned until tomorrow at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Thursday, January 3, will be as follows: Nos. 221,
365, 254 (255), 289, 152, 354, 392, 163, 261, and 238.
☑

THURSDAY, JANUARY 3, 1946
109
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: The Chief Justice, Mr. Justice Black, Mr. Justice Frank-
furter, Mr. Justice Douglas, Mr. Justice Murphy, Mr. Justice Rutledge,
and Mr. Justice Burton.
William I. Siegel, of Brooklyn, N. Y.; Lloyd S. Engert, of Cham-
paign, Ill.; Hedo M. Zacherle, of Des Moines, Iowa; Alfred Benson
Page, of Topeka, Kans.; Furman Smith, of Atlanta, Ga.; Abe J. Gar-
land, of St. Louis, Mo.; Ward R. Burke, of Lufkin, Tex.; Reece A.
Gardner, of Kansas City, Mo.; James A. Cobey, of La Grange, Ill.;
Manuel V. Gallego, of Manila, P. I.; and William L. Owen, of
Washington, D. C., were admitted to practice.
No. 221. Taze Hamrick Gibson, petitioner, v.. United States.
Argument concluded by Mr. Irving S. Shapiro for the respondent.
No. 365. Seas Shipping Company, Inc., petitioner, v. Joseph
Sieracki. Argued by Mr. Thomas E. Byrne, Jr., for the petitioner
and by Mr. Abraham E. Freedman for the respondent.
No. 254. S. R. A., Inc., petitioner, v. State of Minnesota; and
No. 255. S. R. A., Inc., petitioner, v. State of Minnesota. Argued
by Mr. Roland J. Faricy for the petitioner and by Mr. Andrew R.
Bratter for the respondent.
No. 289. Marion H. Allen, Collector of Internal Revenue, peti-
tioner, v. Trust Company of Georgia and Hughes Spalding, Executors
of the Estate of Jack J. Spalding, deceased. Argument commenced
by Mr. J. Louis Monarch for the petitioner.
Adjourned until tomorrow at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Friday, January 4, will be as follows: Nos. 289,
152, 354, 392, 163, 261, 238, 274, 290, and 319.
Х
657009-46-40

FRIDAY, JANUARY 4, 1946
110
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present The Chief Justice, Mr. Justice Black, Mr. Justice Frank-
furter, Mr. Justice Douglas, Mr. Justice Murphy, Mr. Justice Rut-
ledge, and Mr. Justice Burton.
Walter T. Tsukamoto, of Sacramento, Calif.; Varnum Paul, of
San Francisco, Calif.; Leonard Raum, of Swampscott, Mass.; and
Howard W. Robbins, of Boston, Mass., were admitted to practice.
No. 714. United States, petitioner, v. Edmund Carl Heine. Time
within which to perfect service under rule 38 extended to and includ-
ing February 14 on application of counsel for the petitioner.
No. 289. Marion H. Allen, Collector of Internal Revenue, peti-
tioner, v. Trust Company of Georgia and Hughes Spalding, Executors
of the Estate of Jack J. Spalding, deceased. Argument continued by
Mr. J. Louis Monarch for the petitioner and concluded by Mr. John
A. Sibley for the respondents.
No. 152. Frank Canizio, petitioner, v. The People of the State of
New York. Argued by Mr. Maurice Edelbaum for the petitioner
and by Mr. William I. Siegel for the respondent.
No. 354. Stanley Howittt, Flora Post Lee, et al., petitioners, v.
United States. Argued by Mr. Walter J. Cummings, Jr., for the
respondent and case submitted by Mr. Bart. A. Riley for the peti-
tioners.
No. 392. Walter E. Meyer, petitioner, v. Joseph B. Fleming and
Aaron Colnon, as Trustees of the Chicago, Rock Island and Pacific
Railway Company. Argued by Mr. Walter E. Meyer, pro se, and by
Mr. William Stanley for the respondents.
Adjourned until Monday, January 7, next, at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Monday, January 7, will be as follows: Nos. 61,
Misc. (672), 163, 261, 238, 274, 290, 319, 263, 317, and 328 (329).
Х
657009-46-41

MONDAY, JANUARY 7, 1946
111
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: The Chief Justice, Mr. Justice Black, Mr. Justice Frank-
furter, Mr. Justice Douglas, Mr. Justice Murphy, Mr. Justice
Rutledge, and Mr. Justice Burton.
Joseph Smith, of Philadelphia, Pa.; Addison Peairs Drummond,
of Bonifay, Fla.; Arthur Carney Lesher, Jr., of Houston, Tex.;
Lawrence Edwin Kelly, of Detroit, Mich.; Howard L. Ellis, of
Detroit, Mich.; Francis Earl Blodgett, of Los Angeles, Calif.;
Robert R. Weaver, of Phoenix, Ariz.; P. Lopez, of Cebu, P. I.; Edwin
M. S. Steers, of Indianapolis, Ind.; R. A. Moen, of Olympia, Wash.;
Baird V. Helfrich, of Peoria, Ill.; Homer L. Shantz, Jr., of Tucson,
Ariz.; Cleon H. Foust, Jr., of Columbia City, Ind.; and A. Frank
Reel, of Boston, Mass., were admitted to practice.
No. 306. J. R. Mason, petitioner, v. Paradise Irrigation District.
On writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals
for the Ninth Circuit. Judgment affirmed with costs and case re-
manded to the District Court of the United States for the Northern
District of California. Opinion by Mr. Justice Douglas. Dissenting
opinion by Mr. Justice Frankfurter. Mr. Justice Jackson took no
part in the consideration or decision of this case.
No. 100. Bertram Williams, Max Brasch, and Heinz Mottek, Suing
on Behalf of Themselves and All Other Holders of Class B Deben-
tures of Green Bay and Western Railroad Company, petitioners, v.
Green Bay and Western Railroad Company. On writ of certiorari to
the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit.
Judgment reversed with costs and case remanded to the District Court
of the United States for the Southern District of New York for
further proceedings in conformity with the opinion of this Court.
Opinion by Mr. Justice Douglas. Mr. Justice Jackson took no part
in the consideration or decision of this case.
No. 36. The John Kelley Company, petitioner, v. Commissioner of
Internal Revenue. On writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit
Court of Appeals for the Seventh Circuit; and
No. 47. Talbot Mills, petitioner, v. Commissioner of Internal Reve-
nue. On writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of
Appeals for the First Circuit. Judgment in No. 36 reversed and case
remanded to the Circuit Court of Appeals for further proceedings in
657009-46-
-42

MONDAY, JANUARY 7, 1946
112
conformity with the opinion of this Court. Judgment in No. 47
affirmed and case remanded to the Circuit Court of Appeals. Opinion
of Mr. Justice Reed announced by Mr. Justice Frankfurter. Mr.
Justice Black concurs in the result in No. 47. He is of the opinion
that No. 36 should be affirmed for the reasons given by the Circuit
Court of Appeals. Mr. Justice Burton concurs in the result in No. 36
but dissents from the result in No. 47 on the grounds stated in the
dissenting opinion of Magruder, J., in the Circuit Court of Appeals.
Dissenting opinion by Mr. Justice Rutledge. Mr. Justice Jackson
took no part in the consideration or decision of these cases.
No. 158. The People of the State of New York ex rel. Donald A. J.
Ray, petitioner, v. Walter B. Martin, as Warden of Attica State Pris-
on, Attica, New York. On writ of certiorari to the County Court of
Wyoming County, State of New York. Judgment affirmed with costs.
Opinion by Mr. Justice Black. Mr. Justice Jackson took no part in
the consideration or decision of this case.
No. 114. Grace Marsh, appellant, v. The State of Alabama. Ap-
peal from the Court of Appeals of the State of Alabama. Judgment
reversed with costs and case remanded to the Court of Appeals for
further proceedings not inconsistent with the opinion of this Court.
Opinion by Mr. Justice Black. Concurring opinion by Mr. Justice
Frankfurter. Dissenting opinion by Mr. Justice Reed in which the
Chief Justice and Mr. Justice Burton join, announced by Mr. Justice
Burton. Mr. Justice Jackson took no part in the consideration or de-
cision of this case.
No. 87. A. R. Tucker, appellant, v. The State of Texas. Appeal
from the County Court of Medina County, State of Texas. Judgment
reversed with costs and case remanded to the County Court of Medina
County, Texas, for further proceedings not inconsistent with the
opinion of this Court. Opinion by Mr. Justice Black. Concurring
opinion by Mr. Justice Frankfurter. Dissenting opinion of the Chief
Justice, Mr. Justice Reed and Mr. Justice Burton announced by Mr.
Justice Burton. Mr. Justice Jackson took no part in the considera-
tion or decision of this case.
No. 60. James E. Markham, Alien Property Custodian, petitioner,
v. Alvina Allen, Gertrude Dinwiddie, Hilda Pigozzi,. et al. On writ
of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the
Ninth Circuit. Judgment reversed and case remanded to the Circuit
Court of Appeals for further proceedings in conformity with the
opinion of this Court. Opinion by Mr. Chief Justice Stone. Mr.
Justice Rutledge is of the opinion that the cause should be remanded
to the district court and jurisdiction should be retained by it pending
the State court's decision as to the persons entitled to receive the net

MONDAY, JANUARY 7, 1946
113
estate. Mr. Justice Jackson took no part in the consideration or de-
cision of this case.
The following orders were not announced orally by the Chief
Justice but appear on the list certified by him and filed with the
clerk:
No. 73, Misc. Albert Smith, petitioner, v. Walter Nierstheimer,
Warden, etc. The motion for leave to file a petition for a writ of
habeas corpus is denied.
No. 580. Wilky Carrier Corporation, petitioner, v. Doris Young,
a Minor, by Emil O. Young, Her Father and Next Friend, et al.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of Appeals for
the Third Circuit denied.
No. 608. James A. Taylor petitioner, v. New York Central Rail-
road Company. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals
of the State of New York denied.
No. 632. Terminal Railroad Association of St. Louis, a Corpora-
tion, petitioner, v. A. T. Schorb. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
Circuit Court of Appeals for the Eight Circuit denied.
No. 640. Dr. Tom H. Robertson, M. D., petitioner, v. New York
Life Insurance Company. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Su-
preme Court of Michigan denied.
No. 52, Misc. Cecil L. Wright, petitioner, v. Michael J. Roche, Dis-
trict Judge, etc. The motion for leave to file a petition for writ of
mandamus is denied.
No. 383. Cecil L. Wright, petitioner, v. James A. Johnston,
Warden, etc. On petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court
of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit ;
No. 476. William H. Fitzpatrick, petitioner, v. Walter Nier-
stheimer, Warden, etc. On petition for writ of certiorari to the Crimi-
nal Court, Cook County, State of Illinois; and
No. 486. Ray C. Blackburn, Richard L. Schanck, and John B.
Phillips, petitioners, v. State of Ohio. On petition for writ of cer-
tiorari to the Supreme Court of Ohio. The motions for leave to
proceed in forma pauperis in these cases are granted. The petitions
for writs of certiorari are denied.
No. 489. Edward F. Zap, petitioner, v. United States. The peti-
tion for rehearing is granted and the order entered December 10th
denying certiorari is vacated. The petition for writ of certiorari to
바
x
20
t

MONDAY, JANUARY 7, 1946
114
the Circuit Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit is granted limited
to the question whether books and records relating to the petitioner's
contract with the Navy Department were properly admitted as evi-
dence at his trial. The case is assigned for argument immediately
after No. 404.
No. 69. Lillian Boehm, petitioner, v. Commissioner of Internal
Revenue. The motion for leave to file petition for rehearing out of
time is granted. The petition for rehearing is denied.
No. 188. William Elbert Lawrence, petitioner, v. The People of
the State of Illinois. The motion for leave to file a third petition
for rehearing is denied. Mr. Justice Burton took no part in the
consideration or decision of this application.
No. 25, Misc. Ben Spears, Jr., petitioner, v. James A. Johnston,
Warden, etc.;
No. 39. May Department Stores Company, doing business as
Famous-Barr Company, petitioner, v. National Labor Relations
Board; and
No. 564. Boyd L. Kithcart, petitioner, v. Metropolitan Life Insur-
ance Company, a Corporation. The petitions for rehearing in these
cases are denied.
The Court will take a recess from Monday, January 14, until Mon-
day, January 28, next.
Mr. Justice Jackson took no part in the consideration or decision
of the cases in which judgments or orders are this day announced.
No. 654. Clara Dellar, petitioner, v. Samuel Goldwyn, Inc., Samuel
Goldwyn, Eddie Cantor, et al.; and
No. 655. Clara Dellar, petitioner, v. Samuel Goldwyn, Inc., Samuel
Goldwyn, Eddie Cantor, et al. Time to file brief for respondents
under Rule 38 extended to and including January 21, 1946, on appli-
cation of counsel for the respondents.
No. 61, Misc. In the Matter of the Application of General Tomo-
yuki Yamashita for Writs of Habeas Corpus and Prohibition; and
No. 672. General Tomoyuki Yamashita, petitioner, v. Lieutenant
General Wilhelm D. Styer, Commanding General, U. S. Army Forces,
Western Pacific. On motion for leave to file petition for writs of
habeas corpus and prohibition and on petition for a writ of certiorari
to the Supreme Court of the Commonwealth of the Philippines.

MONDAY, JANUARY 7, 1946
115
Colonel Harry E. Clarke, J. A. G. D., permitted to appear and
present oral argument pro hac vice for the petitioner on motion of
Captain A. Frank Reel, J. A. G. D.
Argument upon the questions presented by the motion for leave to
file petition for writs of habeas corpus and prohibition in No. 61,
Misc., and by the petition for writ of certiorari in No. 672, com-
menced by Captain A. Frank Reel, J. A. G. D., for the petitioner;
continued by Colonel Harry E. Clarke, J. A. G. D., pro hac vice, by
special leave of Court, and by Captain Milton Sandberg, J. A. G. D.,
for the petitioner; and by Mr. Solicitor General McGrath for the
respondents.
Adjourned until tomorrow at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Tuesday, January 8, will be as follows: Nos. 61,
Misc. (672), 163, 261, 238, 274, 290, 319, 263, 317, and 328 (329).
✗

TUESDAY, JANUARY 8, 1946
116
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: The Chief Justice, Mr. Justice Black, Mr. Justice Frank-
furter, Mr. Justice Douglas, Mr. Justice Murphy, Mr. Justice Rut-
ledge, and Mr. Justice Burton.
William J. Avrutis, of New York, N. Y.; George F. Smith, Jr., of
Washington, D. C.; Woodfin L. Butte, of New York, N. Y.; Marion A.
Ross, of Columbus, Ohio; Richard Russell Wolfe, of Chicago, Ill.; and
Matthew Hale, of New York, N..Y., were admitted to practice.
No. 61, Misc. In the Matter of the Application of General Tomo-.
yuki Yamashita for Writs of Habeas Corpus and Prohibition; and
No. 672. General Tomoyuki Yamashita, petitioner, v. Lieutenant
General Wilhelm D. Styer, Commanding General, U. S. Army Forces,
Western Pacific. Argument upon the questions presented by the mo-
tion for leave to file petition for writs of habeas corpus and prohibi-
tion in No. 61, Misc., and by the petition for writ of certiorari in No.
672, continued by Mr. Assistant Solicitor General Judson for the
respondents, and concluded by Captain A. Frank Reel for the
petitioner.
No. 163. Commissioner of Internal Revenue, petitioner, v. Laird
Wilcox and Maud Wilcox. Argued by Mr. Ralph F. Fuchs for the
petitioner and by Mr. William E. Davis for the respondents.
No. 274. F. O. Robertson, appellant, v. The People of the State of
California. Argument commenced by Mr. Robert R. Weaver for the
appellant, and continued by Mr. M. Arthur Waite and Mr. T. A.
Westphal, Jr. for the appellee.
Adjourned until tomorrow at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Wednesday, January 9, will be as follows: Nos.
274, 290, 319, 261, 238, 263, 317, 328 (329), 399, and 387.
☑
657009-46-43

WEDNESDAY, JANUARY 9, 1946
117
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: The Chief Justice, Mr. Justice Black, Mr. Justice Frank-
furter, Mr. Justice Douglas, Mr. Justice Murphy, Mr. Justice Rut-
ledge, and Mr. Justice Burton.
Chauncey H. Clarke, of Saint Louis, Mo.; Louis A. Pawlowski, of
Washington, D. C.; John Orville Evans, Jr., of Washington, D. C.;
Josiah Thompson Herbert, of Toledo, Ohio; Sidney J. Kahn, of Cin-
cinnati, Ohio; Blanche Genauer Wahl, of New York, N. Y.; Marvin.
Chester Wahl, of New York, N. Y.; Frank G. Levy, of Los Angeles,
Calif.; Abraham Glasser, of New York, N. Y.; and Dudley Farquhar,
of Long Island City, N. Y., were admitted to practice.
No. 274. F. O. Robertson, appellant, v. The People of the State of
California. Argument continued by Mr. T. A. Westphal, Jr., for the
appellee and concluded by Mr. Earl Blodgett for the appellant.
No. 290. Halliburton Oil Well Cementing Company, petitioner, v.
Cranford P. Walker et al., doing business as Depthograph Company,
a Corporation. Argued by Mr. Earl Babcock for the petitioner and
by Mr. Harold W. Mattingly for the respondents.
No. 319. National Labor Relations Board, petitioner, v. Cheney
California Lumber Company. Argument commenced by Miss Ruth
Weyand for the petitioner.
Adjourned until tomorrow at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Thursday, January 10, will be as follows: Nos. 319,
261, 238, 263, 317, 328 (329), 399. 387, 484, and 405.
657009-46-—44

THURSDAY, JANUARY 10, 1946
118
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: The Chief Justice, Mr. Justice Black, Mr. Justice Reed,
Mr. Justice Frankfurter, Mr. Justice Douglas, Mr. Justice Rutledge,
and Mr. Justice Burton.
Albert R. Musick, of Chicago, Ill.; Carl W. Divelbiss, of Phoenix,
Ariz.; Robert E. Minnich, of Washington, D. C.; Carroll T. Cox, of
Robinson, Ill.; Edwin M. Slote, of New York, N. Y.; Charles M.
Walker, of Washington, D. C.; and Louis E. Torinus, Jr., of Saint
Paul, Minn., were admitted to practice.
No. 319. National Labor Relations Board, petitioner, v. Cheney
California Lumber Company. Argument concluded by Miss Ruth
Weyand for the petitioner. No appearance for the respondent.
No. 261. Otto A. Case, as Commissioner of Public Lands of the
State of Washington, petitioner, v. Chester Bowles, Administrator,
Office of Price Administration, and Soundview Pulp Company. Ar-
gued by Mr. R. A. Moen for the petitioner and by Mr. Abraham
Glasser and Mr. Robert L. Stern for respondent, Chester Bowles,
Administrator, Office of Price Administration. Case submitted by
Mr. W. Z. Kerr and Mr. E. S. McCord for respondent, Soundview
Pulp Company.
No. 238. William C. Hulbert and Chester Bowles, Administrator,
Office of Price Administration, petitioners, v. Twin Falls County,
Idaho. Argued by Mr. Robert L. Stern for the petitioners. Case
submitted by Mr. Everett M. Sweeley for the respondent.
No. 263. A. L. Lusthaus, petitioner, v. Commissioner of Internal
Revenue. Argued by Mr. Paul E. Hutchinson for the petitioner and
by Mr. Arnold Raum for the respondent.
No. 317. Commissioner of Internal Revenue, petitioner, v. Francis
E. Tower. Argument commenced by Mr. Arnold Raum for the peti-
tioner and continued by Mr. Oscar E. Waer for the respondent.
Adjourned until tomorrow at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Friday, January 11, will be as follows: Nos. 317,
328 (329), 399, and 387.
☑
657009-46-45

FRIDAY, JANUARY 11, 1946
119
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: The Chief Justice, Mr. Justice Black, Mr. Justice Reed,
Mr. Justice Frankfurter, Mr. Justice Douglas, Mr. Justice Rutledge,
and Mr. Justice Burton.
Claiborne B. Gregory, of Durham, N. C.; Harry Reynolds Nelson,
of Minden, La.; Samuel M. Lane, of New York, N. Y.; L. Alvis
Vandygriff, of Ennis, Tex.; Douglas Whitlock, of Washington, D. C.;
Robert Louis Rowe, of New York, N. Y.; Harry Wilton Sturges, Jr.,
of Stamford, Conn.; Frank W. Woodhead, of Los Angeles, Calif.;
Joseph H. Lerner, of Newark, N. J.; Frederick Parsons Warne, of
New York, N. Y.; Walter R. Huck, of Tenafly, N. J.; Lee L. Foster,
of Tallahassee, Fla.; and Ralph R. Roach, of Omaha, Nebr., were
admitted to practice.
No. 269. Milton Roe Sabin and Bertha Florence Sabin, petitioners,
v. Home Owners' Loan Corporation et al. Time to file supplement
to petition for rehearing extended to and including January 25, 1946,
on application of Mrs. Bertha Florence Sabin.
No. 317. Commissioner of Internal Revenue, petitioner, v. Francis
E. Tower. Argument continued by Mr. Oscar E. Waer for the
respondent, by Mr. Arnold Raum for the petitioner, and concluded
by Mr. William Wallace Booth for the petitioner in No. 263, by
special leave of Court.
No. 328. Warren W. Wilson et al., Partners doing business as
Wilson Lumber Company, appellants, v. Otho A. Cook, Commissioner
of Revenue for the State of Arkansas; and
No. 329. Otho A. Cook, Commissioner of Revenue for the State
of Arkansas, petitioner, v. Warren W. Wilson et al., Partners doing
business as Wilson Lumber Company. Argued by Mr. O. T. Ward for
Otho A. Cook, Commissioner of Revenue, etc., and cases submitted
by Mr. William J. Kirby for Warren W. Wilson et al., etc.
No. 399. Robert E. Hannegan, as Postmaster General of the
United States, petitioner, v. Esquire, Inc. Argued by Mr. Marvin
C. Taylor for the petitioner and by Mr. Bruce Bromley for the
respondent.
Adjourned until Monday, January 14, next, at 12 o'clock.
☑
657009-46-46

MONDAY, JANUARY 14, 1946
120
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: The Chief Justice, Mr. Justice Black, Mr. Justice Reed,
Mr. Justice Frankfurter, Mr. Justice Douglas, Mr. Justice Murphy,
Mr. Justice Rutledge, and Mr. Justice Burton.
Roy W. Harper, of Caruthersville, Mo.; Harold W. Geddes, of
Detroit, Mich.; Mary Lou Baker, of St. Petersburg, Fla.; Delmas C.
Hill, of Wamego, Kans.; Harry E. Clarke, of Altoona, Pa.; Moss A.
Plunkett, of Roanoke, Va.; Thomas M. McCabe, of Duluth, Minn.;
Arthur M. Clure, of Duluth, Minn.; Maurice Parker, of Pittsburgh,
Pa.; Samuel J. Eaton, of New York, N. Y.; James W. Mason, Jr., of
Laurinburg, N. C.; Benj. C. Van Tine, of Deal, N. J.; Joseph P. Crowe,
of Kansas City, Mo.; Julian E. Fant, of Jacksonville, Fla.; Richard C.
Marshall 3d, of Washington, D. C.; Jane Sue Laflin, of Seattle, Wash.;
Martin S. Tudyk, of San Antonio, Tex.; and Herbert S. Little, of
Seattle, Wash., were admitted to practice.
No. 5. State of New York and Saratoga Springs Commission and
Saratoga Springs Authority, petitioners, v. The United States of
America. On writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court
of Appeals for the Second Circuit. Judgment affirmed and case
remanded to the District Court of the United States for the Northern
District of New York. Mr. Justice Frankfurter announced the judg-
ment of the Court and delivered an opinion in which Mr. Justice Rut-
ledge joins. Concurring opinion by Mr. Justice Rutledge. Opinion
by Mr. Chief Justice Stone concurring in the result in which Mr.
Justice Reed, Mr. Justice Murphy, and Mr. Justice Burton join.
Dissenting opinion by Mr. Justice Douglas in which Mr. Justice Black
concurs. Mr. Justice Jackson took no part in the consideration or
decision of this case.
No. 37. Order of Railway Conductors of America, H. W. Fraser,
President thereof, et al., petitioners, v. Shelton Pitney and Walter P.
Gardner, Trustees of Central Railroad Co. of New Jersey, et al. On
writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for
the Third Circuit. Judgment of the Circuit Court of Appeals vacat-
ing the order of the District Court and remanding the case for
dismissal is reversed. The order of the District Court insofar as it
contains instructions to its trustees is affirmed. Costs in this Court
to be equally divided. Cause is remanded to the District Court of
657009-46-47

MONDAY, JANUARY 14, 1946
121
the United States for the District of New Jersey with instructions to
hold the cause awaiting appropriate action to be taken by the National
Railroad Adjustment Board with reference to the collective bargain-
ing agreements involved in this case. Any rights clearly revealed by
the Adjustment Board's interpretation of the agreements might then,
if the situation warrants, be protected in this bankruptcy proceeding.
Opinion by Mr. Justice Black. Opinion by Mr. Justice Rutledge
dissenting in part. Mr. Justice Jackson took no part in the considera-
tion or decision of this case.
The following orders were not announced orally by the Chief Justice
but appear on the list certified by him and filed with the Clerk:
No. 473. John D. Pennekamp and the Miami Herald Publishing
Company, petitioners, v. The State of Florida. The motion of the
American Civil Liberties Union for leave to file brief amicus curiae
is granted.
No. 505. George C. Holmberg et al., on Behalf of Themselves and
All Other Creditors of the Southern Minnesota Joint Stock Land Bank
of Minneapolis, petitioners, v. Charles Armbrecht et al. The motion
of the Trustees of Central States Electric Corporation for leave to file
brief amici curiae is granted.
No. 72, Misc. In the Matter of Theodore R. Storch, petitioner.
The motion for leave to file petition for a writ of habeas corpus is
denied.
No. 76, Misc. Salvatore Stizza, petitioner, v. Essex County Juvenile
and Domestic Relations Court. The application is denied.
No. 77, Misc. Eureka Gas Company, petitioner, v. Honorable H.
Church Ford, Judge of United States District Court, Eastern District
of Kentucky. The motion for leave to file a petition for a writ of
mandamus is denied. Mr. Justice Reed took no part in the considera-
tion or decision of this application.
No. 349. Gilbert E. Thiel, petitioner, v. Southern Pacific Com-
pany. The motion for leave to proceed in forma pauperis is granted.
The petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of Appeals for
the Ninth Circuit is also granted, limited to the question whether peti-
tioner's motion to strike the jury panel was properly denied.
No. 652. McAllister Lighterage Line, Inc., petitioner, v. Mary
Rivas, as Administratrix of the Goods, Chattels, and Credits of Jose
Rivas, deceased. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court
of Appeals for the Second Circuit denied.
"
E
12

MONDAY, JANUARY 14, 1946
122
No. 633. Francis P. Slattery, petitioner, v. Allen A. McDonald,
Sheriff of Ingham County, Michigan. Petition for writ of certiorari
to the Circuit Court of Appeals for the Sixth Circuit denied. Mr.
Justice Black is of the opinion that certiorari should be granted.
No. 277. William Roy Miller, petitioner, v. Joseph W. Sanford,
Warden, etc. On petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court
of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit;
No. 360. Fred Hunter, petitioner, v. United States. On petition
for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of Appeals for the Sixth
Circuit;
No. 363. Earl J. McFarland, petitioner, v. United States. On pe-
tition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for
the District of Columbia;
No. 375. Raymond J. Wilson, petitioner, v. United States. On
petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of Appeals for the
Ninth Circuit;
No. 379. Nelson O. Sipe, petitioner, v. United States. On peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for
the District of Columbia;
No. 380. Chalmers H. Laubaugh, petitioner, v. United States. On
petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the District of Columbia;
No. 382. John C. Burt, petitioner, v. Conway P. Coe, Commis-
sioner of Patents. On petition for writ of certiorari to the United
States Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia;
No. 409. William O. Price, petitioner, v. United States. On peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of Appeals for the
Fifth Circuit;
No. 422. George K. Burton, petitioner, v. United States. On peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for
the District of Columbia;
No. 433. Byron W. Voorheis, petitioner, v. Walter A. Hunter,
Warden, etc. On petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of
Appeals for the Tenth Circuit;
No. 475. George Phillips, petitioner, v. the People of the State of
New York. On petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals,
State of New York;
No. 477. Francis Haines, petitioner, v. Walter Nierstheimer,
Warden, etc. On petition for writ of certiorari to the Criminal Court,
Cook County, State of Illinois;
No. 543. Ralph Hine, petitioner, v. Joseph E. Ragen, Warden,
etc. On petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of Will
County, State of Illinois;

MONDAY, JANUARY 14, 1946
123
No. 551. Bob Brandon, petitioner, v. Tom Smith, Superintendent
of the Washington State Penitentiary at Walla Walla, Washington.
On petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Washington;
No. 553. Sam Miner, petitioner, v. Joseph E. Ragen, Warden, etc.
On petition for writ of certiorari to the Criminal Court, Cook County,
State of Illinois;
No. 554. Sam Buford, petitioner, v. Joseph E. Ragen, Warden,
etc. On petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of
Illinois;
No. 555. Gene McCann, petitioner, v. United States. On petition
for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of Appeals for the Second
Circuit;
No. 559. Joseph Huggins, petitioner, v. Commonwealth of Penn-
sylvania. On petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of
the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania;
No. 561. Arthur Brewer, petitioner, v. Walter Nierstheimer,
Warden, etc. On petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme
Court of Illinois;
No. 567. John Whitehall, petitioner, v. Joseph E. Ragen, Warden,
etc. On petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of
Illinois;
No. 568. Lionel Conn, petitioner, v. The People of the State of
Illinois. On petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of
Illinois;
No. 569. Onal Rawls, petitioner, v. People of the State of Illinois.
On petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Illinois;
No. 570. William Spates, petitioner, v. Robert A. Heinze, Warden,
etc. On petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of
California;
No. 574. Alex Mazy, petitioner, v. Joseph E. Ragen, Warden, etc.
On petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of Appeals for
the Seventh Circuit;
No. 575. The People of the State of New York ex rel. Michael
Montagno, petitioner, v. Vernon A. Morhous, Warden, etc. On
petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals, State of New
York;
No. 583. Joseph Levanowicz, petitioner, v. Joseph E. Ragen,
Warden, etc. On petition for writ of certiorari to the Criminal Court,
Cook County, State of Illinois;
No. 584. Tate Clayton Stack, petitioner, v. The People of the
State of Illinois. On petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme
Court of Illinois;

MONDAY, JANUARY 14, 1946
124
No. 585. Lowell Ator, petitioner, v. Joseph E. Ragen, Warden,
etc. On petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of Will
County, State of Illinois;
No. 586. Joseph Novak, petitioner, v. Joseph E. Ragen, Warden,
etc. On petition for writ of certiorari to the Criminal Court, Cook
County, State of Illinois;
No. 590. Norman Edwards, petitioner, v. Walter Nierstheimer,
Warden, etc. On petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court
of Illinois;
No. 597. Edward E. Short, petitioner, v. Joseph E. Ragen, Warden,
etc. On petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of
Illinois;
No. 598. William Hunke, petitioner, v. Joseph E. Ragen, Warden,
etc. On petition for writ of certiorari to the Criminal Court, Cook
County, State of Illinois;
No. 600. Albert R. House, petitioner, v. State of Florida and
Nathan Mayo, State Prison Custodian. On petition for writ of cer-
tiorari to the Circuit Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit;
No. 602. Lawrence Utterback, petitioner, v. Walter Nierstheimer,
Warden, etc. On petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court,
Randolph County, State of Illinois;
No. 604. Oliver James, petitioner, v. Joseph E. Ragen, Warden,
etc. On petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of Vermil-
ion County, State of Illinois;
No. 610. Joseph, Dorsch, petitioner, v. Joseph E. Ragen, Warden,
etc. On petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of Will
County, State of Illinois;
No. 611. Eddie Duncan, petitioner, v. Joseph E. Ragen, Warden,
etc. On petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of Will
County, State of Illinois;
No. 612. Paul Tarver, petitioner, v. T. P. Sullivan, Director of
the Department of Public Safety, et al. On petition for writ of
certiorari to the Supreme Court of Illinois;
No. 614. Burnist Smith, petitioner, v. Joseph E. Ragen, Warden,
etc. On petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of Peoria
County, State of Illinois;
No. 615. George Taylor, petitioner, v. Joseph E. Ragen, Warden,
etc. On petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of
Illinois; and
No. 626. Vernon Monder, petitioner, v. Joseph E. Ragen, Warden,
etc. On petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of
Illinois. The motions for leave to proceed in forma pauperis in these
cases are granted. The petitions for writs of certiorari are denied.

MONDAY, JANUARY 14, 1946
125
No. 44, Misc. Fred Wallace Bantz, petitioner, v. P. J. Squier,
Warden, etc.; and
No. 93. Hercules Gasoline Company, Inc., petitioner, v. Commis-
sioner of Internal Revenue. The petitions for rehearing are denied.
Mr. Justice Jackson took no part in the consideration or decision of
the cases in which judgments or orders are this day announced.
Adjourned until Monday, January 28, next, at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Monday, January 28, will be as follows: Nos. 74,
142, 342, 344, 402, 428, 424 (425), 410, 387, and 505.
☑
M

MONDAY, JANUARY 28, 1946
126
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: The Chief Justice, Mr. Justice Black, Mr. Justice Reed,
Mr. Justice Frankfurter, Mr. Justice Douglas, Mr. Justice Murphy,
Mr. Justice Rutledge, and Mr. Justice Burton.
James P. Swift, of Dallas, Tex.; Martin Gendel, of Los Angeles,
Calif.; Burton R. Thorman, of Washington, D. C.; H. B. Stubblefield;
of Little Rock, Ark.; Arthur P. Bagby, Jr., of Austin, Tex.; Irvin
M. Gottlieb, of Washington, D. C.; Thomas M. Davies, of Lincoln,
Nebr.; Hobson L. James, Jr., of Elizabethtown, Ky.; Valentine B.
Deale, of Cleveland, Ohio; Charles Metcalf Crump, of Memphis,
Tenn.; Charles E. Taylor, Jr., of Saint Paul, Nebr.; Dwight C. Per-
kins, of Lincoln, Nebr.; Irving Hill, of Lincoln, Nebr.; Herbert F.
Krucker, of Tucson, Ariz.; Lawrence W. Thayer, of Seattle, Wash.;
Arthur D. Jones, of Portland, Oreg.; Ben Bruce Blakeney, of Okla-
homa City, Okla.; Frederic A. Johnson, of New York, N. Y.; H. W.
McLarty, of Atlanta, Ga.; Henry G. Singer, of Brooklyn, N. Y.;
Richard Loewe, of Chicago, Ill.; Richard E. Guggenheim, of Cin-
cinnati, Ohio; Frank E. Cooper, of Detroit, Mich.; and Gerald D.
Morgan, of Bethesda, Md., were admitted to practice.
No. 45. The Roland Electrical Company, petitioner, v. L. Metcalfe
Walling, Administrator of the Wage and Hour Division, Department
of Labor. On writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of
Appeals for the Fourth Circuit. Judgment affirmed and case re-
manded to the District Court of the United States for the District of
Maryland. Opinion by Mr. Justice Burton. Mr. Justice Jackson
took no part in the consideration or decision of this case.
No. 55. The United States of America and Federal Communica-
tions Commission, appellants, v. New York Telephone Company.
Appeal from the District Court of the United States for the Southern
District of New York. Judgment reversed and case remanded for
further proceedings in conformity with the opinion of this Court.
Opinion by Mr. Justice Rutledge. Dissenting opinion by Mr. Chief
Justice Stone. Mr. Justice Black, Mr. Justice Reed, and Mr. Justice
Jackson took no part in the consideration or decision of this case.
No. 305. Township of Hillsborough, Somerset County, N. J., and
Christopher G. Horner, Collector of Taxes of the Township of Hills-
borough, petitioners, v. Doris Duke Cromwell, Individually and as
Trustee of the Duke Endowment. On writ of certiorari to the
657009-46- -48
1
"f
1
蠶

MONDAY, JANUARY 28, 1946
127
United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Third Circuit. Judg-
ment affirmed with costs and case remanded to the District Court of
the United States for the District of New Jersey. Opinion by Mr.
Justice Douglas. Mr. Justice Murphy and Mr. Justice Jackson took
no part in the consideration or decision of this case.
No. 289. Marion H. Allen, Collector of Internal Revenue, peti-
tioner, v. Trust Company of Georgia and Hughes Spalding, Executors
of the Estate of Jack J. Spalding, deceased. On writ of certiorari to
the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit.
Judgment affirmed with costs and case remanded to the District Court
of the United States for the Middle District of Georgia. Opinion by
Mr. Justice Douglas. Mr. Justice Jackson took no part in the con-
sideration or decision of this case.
No. 41. Chester G. Bollenbach, petitioner, v. The United States of
America. On writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of
Appeals for the Second Circuit. Judgment reversed and case re-
manded to the District Court of the United States for the Southern
District of New York for further proceedings in conformity with the
opinion of this Court. Opinion by Mr. Justice Frankfurter. Dissent-
ing opinion by Mr. Justice Black. Mr. Justice Jackson took no part in
the consideration or decision of this case.
No. 56. Kirby Petroleum Company, petitioner, v. Commissioner of
Internal Revenue. On writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit
Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit; and
No. 197. Commissioner of Internal Revenue, petitioner, v. Anna
Vickers Crawford. On writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit
Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit. Judgment in No. 56 reversed
and case remanded to the Circuit Court of Appeals for the Fifth
Circuit for further proceedings in conformity with the opinion of
this Court. Judgment in No. 197 affirmed and case remanded to the
Circuit Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit. Opinion by Mr.
Justice Reed. Dissenting: Mr. Justice Douglas. Mr. Justice Jack-
son took no part in the consideration or decision of this case.
The Chief Justice announced the following orders of the Court:
No. 290. Halliburton Oil Well Cementing Company, petitioner, v.
Cranford P. Walker et al., doing business as Depthograph Company, a
Corporation. On writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court
of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit. Per curiam: The judgment is
affirmed by an equally divided Court.
No. 724. Antoinette Giraudo Monks, appellant, v. Ida Nancy Lee.
Appeal from Probate Court, Suffolk County, Commonwealth of
Massachusetts. Per curiam: The motion to dismiss is granted and
the appeal is dismissed for want of jurisdiction. Sec. 237 (a), Judicial
1
7

MONDAY, JANUARY 28, 1946
128
Code as amended, 28 U. S. C., sec. 344 (a). Treating the papers
whereon the appeal was allowed as a petition for writ of certiorari as
required by sec. 237 (c) of the Judicial Code as amended, 28 U. S. C.,
sec. 344 (c), certiorari is denied. Mr. Justice Rutledge took no part
in the consideration or decision of this case.
No. 725. Twentieth Century Associates, Inc., appellant, v. Adolph
Waldman. Appeal from Municipal Court, City of New York, State
of New York. Per curiam: The appeal is dismissed for the reason
that it was not properly allowed. Rule 36, 28 U. S. C. 868; Bartemeyer
v. Iowa, 14 Wall. 26. Mr. Justice Rutledge took no part in the con-
sideration or decision of this case.
No. 726. Twentieth Century Associates, Inc., appellant, v. Adolph
Waldman. Appeal from Municipal Court, City of New York, State
of New York. Per curiam: The appeal is dismissed for want of a
substantial federal question. Block v. Hirsh, 256 U. S. 135; Marcus
Brown Holding Co. v. Feldman, 256 U. S. 170; East New York
Savings Bank v. Hahn, No. 62, October Term 1945 (decided Novem-
ber 5, 1945). Mr. Justice Rutledge took no part in the consideration
or decision of this case.
The following orders were not announced orally by the Chief Justice
but appear on the list certified by him and filed with the Clerk:
No. 78, Misc. Dorsey W. McMahan, petitioner, v. James V. Bennett,
Director, Bureau of Federal Prisons. The motion for leave to file a
petition for a writ of mandamus is denied.
No. 79, Misc. Kinner Motors, Inc., petitioner, v. Honorable Camp-
bell E. Beaumont, Judge of the U. S. District Court, Southern District
of California. The motion for leave to file a petition for a writ of
mandamus is denied because application therefor is made to this Court
rather than to the Circuit Court of Appeals.
No. 80, Misc. George S. Miller, petitioner, v. Dr. Silas W. Wiltmer,
Superintendent, Spring Grove State Hospital, Catonsville, Maryland.
The motion for leave to file a petition for a writ of habeas corpus is
denied.
No. 81, Misc. John Dioguardi, petitioner, v. Harry M. Durning,
Individually and as Collector of Customs at the Port of New York;
No. 82, Misc. Walter N. Smith, petitioner, v. Honorable Joseph F.
Maguire, Justice of the Domestic Relations Court of the City of
New York et al.; and
No. 83, Misc. John Harding, petitioner, v. Honorable F. H. La-
Guardia, Mayor of the City of New York, et al. The applications are
denied.
Mr. Justice Rutledge took no part in the consideration or decision of
the above Miscellaneous cases.

MONDAY, JANUARY 28, 1946
129
No. 704. Irene Morgan, appellant, v. Commonwealth of Virginia;
and
No. 707. The Prudential Insurance Company, appellant, v. L.
George Benjamin, as Insurance Commissioner of the State of South
Carolina. In these cases probable jurisdiction is noted. Mr. Justice
Rutledge took no part in the consideration or decision of these ap-
peals.
No. 630. The United States, petitioner, v. Thomas Lee Causby and
Wife, Tinie Causby. The motion to dispense with printing certain
exhibits is granted.
No. 447. The United States, appellant, v. Sheldon Maurice Ander-
son. The motion of the appellee for leave to proceed in forma pau-
peris is granted.
No. 510. Paul Knauer, petitioner, v. United States. The motion
to dispense with printing certain parts of the record is granted.
No. 520. Allen Pope, petitioner, v. United States. The motion
of George R. Shields for leave to withdraw his appearance as counsel
for the petitioner is granted.
No. 625. Cecil I. Hust, petitioner, v. Moore-McCormack Lines, Inc.
The motion of Silas B. Axtell for leave to file a brief as amicus curiae
is granted.
Mr. Justice Rutledge took no part in the consideration or decision
of the above motions.
No. 36. The John Kelley Company, petitioner, v. Commissioner of
Internal Revenue; and
No. 47. Talbot Mills, petitioner, v. Commissioner of Internal Reve-
nue. It is ordered that the last paragraph of footnote 7 in the opinion
in these cases reading as follows, "Since the Federal Trade Com-
mission and the Packers and Stockyards Acts differ as to the finality
upon review of the determinations of the respective agencies, (38 Stat.
720; 42 Stat. 162 and 168) the reference to the Commission and to
the Act was to show the choice of a circuit court of appeals for judicial
review and was not intended to suggest the adoption for the Tax
Court review of any standard of scope of review embodied in either
act." be stricken and the paragraph is amended to read as follows:
"The reference to the Federal Trade Commission and to the Packers
and Stockyards Act was to show the choice of a circuit court of appeals
for judicial review and was not intended to suggest the adoption for
the Tax Court review of any standard of scope of review."
No. 322. Sam Karos, petitioner, v. Ernest Sachs. Petition for writ
of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Michigan denied.

MONDAY, JANUARY 28, 1946
130
No. 524. Max Shamos, petitioner, v. People of the State of New
York. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals of the
State of New York denied.
No. 617. Indianapolis Glove Company, petitioner, v. Chester
Bowles, Administrator, Office of Price Administration. Petition for
writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of Appeals for the Seventh
Circuit denied.
No. 618. Good Luck Glove Company, petitioner, v. Chester Bowles,
Administrator, Office of Price Administration. Petition for writ of
certiorari to the Circuit Court of Appeals for the Seventh Circuit
denied.
No. 622. Mattie Bradey, as Administratrix of the Estate of Marion
Thomas Bradey, deceased, petitioner v. United States, as Represented
by War Shipping Administration. Petition for writ of certiorari to
the Circuit Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit denied.
No. 643. Bert O. Peterson, Midwest Holding Company, petitioners,
v. Harold L. Ickes, Individually and as Secretary of the Interior,
et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of
Appeals for the District of Columbia denied.
No. 645. Aldred Investment Trust et al., petitioners, v. Securities
and Exchange Commission. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
Circuit Court of Appeals.for the First Circuit denied.
No. 667. Wesley W. West, petitioner, v. Commissioner of Internal
Revenue;
No. 668. J. Marion West, petitioner, v. Commissioner of Internal
Revenue;
No. 669. Estate of J. M. West, deceased, James M. West, Jr., et al.,
Executors, petitioners, v. Commissioner of Internal Revenue; and
No. 670. Jessie Gertrude West, petitioner, v. Commissioner of
Internal Revenue. Petition for writs of certiorari to the Circuit Court
of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 653. Gas Ridge, Inc., petitioner, v. Suburban Agricultural
Properties, Inc. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court
of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 678. Salvatore Maugeri, petitioner, v. United States. Petition
for write of certiorari to the Circuit Court of Appeals for the Ninth
Circuit denied.
No. 682. H. Smith Richardson, petitioner, v. Commissioner of
Internal Revenue. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court
of Appeals for the Second Circuit denied.
No. 686. Louis Lober, petitioner, v. Canadian Pacific Railway Com-
pany, Edward A. Whitman, et al., Trustees, etc. Petition for writ

MONDAY, JANUARY 28, 1946
131
of certiorari to the Circuit Court of Appeals for the Eighth Circuit
denied.
No. 695. Roy D. Keehn, as Receiver of Central Mutual Insurance
Company of Chicago, petitioner, v. Charles J. Rogers, Inc. Petition
for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Michigan denied.
No. 708. The Reader's Digest Association, Inc., petitioner, v.
Sidney S. Grant. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court
of Appeals for the Second Circuit denied.
No. 737. Homer C. Zink, Comptroller of the Treasury of New
Jersey, et al., petitioners, v. City of Jersey City et al. Petition for
writ of certiorari to the Court of Errors and Appeals of the State of
New Jersey denied.
Mr. Justice Rutledge took no part in the consideration or decision
of these applications.
No. 621. Rosalie Glaston, petitioner, v. Joseph Glaston. On peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the District Court of Appeal, 2d Appel-
late District, State of California;
No. 623. Walter Evenow, petitioner, v. People of the State of
Illinois. On petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of
Illinois;
No. 624. Harry H. Joiner, petitioner, v. Joseph E. Ragen, Warden,
etc. On petition for writ of certiorari to the Criminal Court, Cook
County, State of Illinois;
No. 635. James Williams, petitioner, v. Joseph E. Ragen, Warden,
etc. On petition for writ of certiorari to the Criminal Court, Cook
County, State of Illinois;
No. 641. Joseph Bernovich, petitioner, v. The People of the State
of Illinois. On petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court
of Illinois;
No. 646. Lew Palmer, petitioner, v. Joseph E. Ragen, Warden, etc.
On petition for writ of certiorari to the Criminal Court, Cook County,
State of Illinois;
No. 647. Joseph Kadlecek, petitioner, v. The People of the State of
Illinois. On petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of
Illinois;
No. 648. Henry P. Berry, petitioner, v. Joseph E. Ragen, Warden,
etc. On petition for writ of certiorari to the Criminal Court, Cook
County, State of Illinois;
No. 657. Charles Moore, petitioner, v. People of the State of
Illinois. On petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of
Illinois;
No. 660. Santos Baronia, petitioner, v. Joseph E. Ragen, Warden,
etc. On petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of Will
County, State of Illinois;

MONDAY, JANUARY 28, 1946
132
No. 661. Albert Walker, petitioner, v. Joseph E. Ragen, Warden,
etc. On petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of Will
County, State of Illinois;
No. 662. Willis Jones, petitioner, v. Joseph E. Ragen, Warden, etc.
On petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of Will County,
State of Illinois;
No. 664. Michael Prokop, petitioner, v. Joseph E. Ragen, Warden,
etc. On petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of
Illinois;
No. 673. Fred Hines, petitioner, v. Walter Nierstheimer, Warden,
etc. On petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of
Illinois;
No. 679. Joseph Krazik, petitioner, v. Joseph E. Ragen, Warden,
etc. On petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of
Illinois;
No. 690. Dominick Feletti, petitioner, v. Joseph E. Ragen, Warden,
etc. On petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of
Illinois;
No. 691. Albert Ruggio, petitioner, v. Joseph E. Ragen, Warden,
etc. On petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of
Illinois; and
No. 711. Charles F. James, petitioner, v. Joseph E. Ragen, Warden,
etc. On petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of
Illinois. The motions for leave to proceed in forma pauperis in these
cases are granted. The petitions for writs of certiorari are denied.
Mr. Justice Rutledge took no part in the consideration or decision of
these applications.
No. 628. Arthur Lewis, petitioner, v. The People of the State of
Illinois. On petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court
of Illinois;
No. 642. John B. Lapean, petitioner, v. The State of Wisconsin.
On petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Wisconsin;
No. 681. Henry Terry, petitioner, v. Walter Nierstheimer, Warden,
etc. On petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of
Illinois; and
No. 684. Harry Griffin, petitioner, v. Walter Nierstheimer, Warden,
etc. On petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of
Illinois. The motions for leave to proceed in forma pauperis are
granted. The petitions for writs of certiorari are denied for the
reason that applications therefor were not made within the time pro-
vided by law. Sec. 8 (a), Act of February 13, 1925 (43 Stat. 936,
940), 28 U. S. C. 350. Mr. Justice Rutledge took no part in the
consideration or decision of these applications.
R
"

MONDAY, JANUARY 28, 1946
No. 51, Misc. In the Matter of William Fraser;
133
No. 69, Misc. James H. Johnson, petitioner, v. John Hancock
Mutual Life Insurance Company et al.;
No. 76, Misc. Salvatore Stizza, petitioner, v. Essex County Juvenile
and Domestic Relations Court; and
No. 145. Commissioner of Internal Revenue, petitioner, v. J. N.
Flowers. The petitions for rehearing in these cases are denied.
No. 188. William Elbert Lawrence, petitioner, v. The People of
the State of Illinois. The motion for leave to file a fourth petition
for rehearing is denied. Mr. Justice Burton took no part in the con-
sideration or decision of this application.
No. 269. Milton Roe Sabin and Bertha Florence Sabin, petitioners,
v. Home Owners' Loan Corporation et al. The petition for rehearing
in this case and the supplement thereto are denied.
Mr. Justice Jackson took no part in the consideration or decision
of the cases in which judgments or orders are this day announced.
No. 383. Cecil L. Wright, petitioner, v. James A. Johnston,
Warden, etc. Time extended to and including February 28 within
which to file a petition for rehearing, on application of the petitioner.
No. 74. The United States of America, Interstate Commerce Com-
mission, Consolidated Freightways, Inc., et al., appellants, v. Pierce
Auto Freight Lines, Inc., Los Angeles-Seattle Motor Express, Angelo
Colletti, et al. Argued by Mr. J. Stanley Payne for the appellants,
United States and Interstate Commerce Commission; by Mr. Donald
A. Schafer for the appellants, Consolidated Freightways, Inc., et al.;
and by Mr. William P. Ellis for the appellees.
No. 142. American Surety Company of New York, petitioner, v.
Paul W. Sampsell, as Trustee in Bankruptcy of the Estate of Charles
B. Stratton, etc. Argued by Mr. Homer Cummings for the petitioner
and by Mr. Martin Gendel for the respondent.
Adjourned until tomorrow at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Tuesday, January 29, will be as follows: Nos. 342,
344, 402, 428, 424 (425), 410, 387, 505, 320, and 484.
+

TUESDAY, JANUARY 29, 1946
134
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: The Chief Justice, Mr. Justice Black, Mr. Justice Reed,
Mr. Justice Frankfurter, Mr. Justice Douglas, Mr. Justice Murphy,
Mr. Justice Rutledge, and Mr. Justice Burton.
Byron L. Kimball, of Spooner, Wis.; Harold C. Stuart, of Tulsa,
Okla.; Arthur H. Nielsen, of Salt Lake City, Utah; Zar E. Hayes,
of Salt Lake City, Utah; Wayne L. Christoffersen, of Salt Lake City,
Utah; George E. McMurray, Jr., of Peoria, Ill.; Gordon F. Hampton,
of Los Angeles, Calif.; John E. Mahoney, of Roslyn, N. Y.; George
L. Trumbull, of New York, N. Y.; Leonard J. Calhoun, of Alexandria,
Va.;
Andrew D. Weinberger, of New York, N. Y.; James A. Bistline,
of New York, N. Y.; Brainard S. Sabin, of Battle Creek, Mich.;
Orville S. Luckenbach, of Shawano, Wis.; Christian J. Otjen, of Mil-
waukee, Wis.; Samuel J. Scott, of Golconda, Ill.; Lillian C. McLaurin,
of Nashville, Tenn.; Donald Mayne MacClaire, of Portland, Oreg.;
Bertha A. Sherman, of Philadelphia, Pa.; William B. Mehler, of
New York, N. Y.; James E. Corkey, of Washington, D. C.; and Clif
Langsdale, of Kansas City, Mo., were admitted to practice.
No. 342. Steve Anderson, Earl Trombley, Lillian Socia, et al., peti-
tioners, v. Mt. Clemens Pottery Company. Argued by Mr. Edward
Lamb for the petitioners and by Mr. Frank E. Cooper and Mr. Bert
V. Nunneley for the respondent.
No. 344. Arthur L. Bell, Individually and as an Associate of and
Division Superintendent of "Mankind United,” etc., et al., petitioners,
v. R. B. Hood, Theodore Cruise, Philip Bowser, et al. Argued by
Mr. A. L. Wirin and Mr. Russell E. Parsons for the petitioners and
by Mr. Frederick Bernays Wiener for the respondents. Leave
granted petitioners to file reply brief.
No. 402. Bruce's Juices, Inc., petitioner, v. American Can Com-
pany. Argument commenced by Mr. Thurman Arnold for the peti-
tioner.
Adjourned until tomorrow at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Wednesday, January 30, will be as follows: Nos.
402, 428, 424 (425), 410, 387, 505, 320, 484, 405, and 404.
☑
༈ན་
H
11°
1
657009-46- -49

WEDNESDAY, JANUARY 30, 1946
135
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: The Chief Justice, Mr. Justice Black, Mr. Justice Reed,
Mr. Justice Frankfurter, Mr. Justice Douglas, Mr. Justice Murphy,
Mr. Justice Rutledge, and Mr. Justice Burton.
John G. Baker, of Orlando, Fla.; Joseph James Bartl, of La
Crosse, Wis.; Don Edwin Raney, of Long Beach, Calif.; Louis DeWitt
Hale, of Farmersville, Tex.; Thomas M. Scanlon, of Indianapolis,
Ind.; Nunzi F. Napolitano, of Portland, Maine; Walter W. Grelle,
Jr., of Columbus, Ohio; and Milton M. Ferrell, of Macon, Ga., were
admitted to practice.
No. 402. Bruce's Juices, Inc., petitioner, v. American Can Com-
pany. Argument continued' by Mr. Thurman Arnold for the peti-
tioner, by Mr. John Lord O'Brian for the respondent and concluded
by Mr. Cody Fowler for the petitioner.
No. 428. El Dorado Oil Works and El Dorado Terminal Com-
pany, appellants, v. United States, Interstate Commerce Commission,
General American Transportation Corporation, et al. Argued by
Mr. W. F. Williamson for the appellants and by Mr. Daniel W.
Knowlton for the appellees, the United States and Interstate Com-
merce Commission. Case submitted by Mr. Kenneth F. Burgess, Mr.
Douglas F. Smith, and Mr. Allan P. Matthew for the appellee, Gen-
eral American Transportation Corporation.
No. 424. Kennecott Copper Corporation, petitioner, v. State Tax
Commission, et al.; and
No. 425. Silver King Coalition Mines Company, petitioner, v.
State Tax Commission, et al. Argument commenced by Mr. C. C.
Parsons for the petitioners.
Adjourned until tomorrow at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Thursday, January 31, will be as follows: Nos. 424
(and 425), 410, 387, 505, 484, 405, 320, 404, 489, and 411.
657009-46-
☑
-50

,
THURSDAY, JANUARY 31, 1946
136
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: The Chief Justice, Mr. Justice Black, Mr. Justice Reed,
Mr. Justice Frankfurter, Mr. Justice Douglas, Mr. Justice Murphy,
Mr. Justice Rutledge, and Mr. Justice Burton.
John B. Ogden, of Oklahoma City, Okla.; William N. Kenefick, of
Michigan City, Ind.; William Y. Pryor, of Newark, N. J.; Winfred O.
Hughes, of Fort Wayne, Ind.; Dan Williams, Jr., of Jackson, Miss.;
Samuel Mezansky, of New York, N. Y.; Dennis McCarthy, of Salt
Lake City, Utah; William K. Harris, of Fort Smith, Ark.; and
Clarence Fried, of New York, N. Y., were admitted to practice.
No. 424. Kennecott Copper Corporation, petitioner, v. State Tax
Commission et al.; and
No. 425. Silver King Coalition Mines Company, petitioner, v.
State Tax Commission et al. Argument continued by Mr. C. C.
Parsons for the petitioners, by Mr. Zar E. Hayes and Mr. Arthur
H. Nielsen for the respondent, and concluded by Mr. Charles A.
Horsky for the petitioners.
No. 410. Alpine MacGregor, petitioner, v. Westinghouse Electric
& Manufacturing Company. Argued by Mr. William B. Jaspert
for the petitioner and by Mr. Jo Baily Brown for the respondent.
No. 387. The United States, petitioner, v. Alcea Band of Tilla-
mooks et al. Argument commenced by Mr. Walter J. Cummings,
Jr., for the petitioner and continued by Mr. Everett Sanders for
the respondents.
Adjourned until tomorrow at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Friday, February 1, will be as follows: Nos. 387,
505, 484, 405, 320, 404, 489, 411, 418 (and 419), and 381.
☑
657009-46- -51

FRIDAY, FEBRUARY 1, 1946
137
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: The Chief Justice, Mr. Justice Black, Mr. Justice Reed,
Mr. Justice Douglas, Mr. Justice Murphy, and Mr. Justice Burton.
Carl J. Peter, of Omaha, Nebr.; R. O. Kenley, Jr., of Longview,
Tex.; Alfred C. Baass, of Victoria, Tex.; F. Joseph Donohue, of Wash-
ington, D. C.; Milton S. Kronhein, Jr., of Washington, D. C.; Isa-
dore H. Cohen, of West Nyack, N. Y.; William Q. Haney, of Colorado
Springs, Colo.; Joseph A. Tursone, of New York, N. Y.; and David B.
Gideon, of San Francisco, Calif., were admitted to practice.
No. 387. The United States, petitioner, v. Alcea Band of Tilla-
mooks et al. Argument concluded by Mr. Everett Sanders for the
respondents.
No. 505. George C. Holmberg et al., on Behalf of Themselves and
All Other Creditors of the Southern Minnesota Joint Stock Land
Bank of Minneapolis, petitioners, v. Charles Armbrecht et al. Ar-
gued by Mr. Clarence Fried for the petitioners and by Mr. Edgar M.
Souza for the respondents.
No. 484. Helen C. Poff, as Executrix of the Last Will and Testa-
ment of John B. Welshans, deceased, petitioner, v. The Pennsylvania
Railroad Company. Argued by Mr. Morris A. Wainger for the pe-
titioner and by Mr. Ray Rood Allen for the respondent.
No. 405. Charles Swanson, petitioner, v. Marra Brothers, Inc.
Argued by Mr. Abraham E. Freedman for the petitioner and by Mr.
Joseph W. Henderson for the respondent.
Adjourned until Monday, February 4, next, at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Monday, February 4, will be as follows: Nos. 320,
404, 489, 411, 418 (and 419), 381, 444, 473, 448, and 578.
"
657009-46--52

MONDAY, FEBRUARY 4, 1946
138
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: The Chief Justice, Mr. Justice Black, Mr. Justice Reed,
Mr. Justice Douglas, Mr. Justice Murphy, Mr. Justice Rutledge, and
Mr. Justice Burton.
Alan P. Cusick, of Providence, R. I.; Howard E. Foster, of Seattle,
Wash.; William Jaffe, of Chicago, Ill.; Chas. T. Branham, of Phila-
delphia, Pa.; Robert B. Crew, of Dayton, Ohio; Manly Fleischmann,
of Buffalo, N. Y.; Wayne G. Jackson, of New York, N. Y.; Lloyd
Symington, of Washington, D. C.; Alfred Stevenson, of Holdenville,
Okla.; Harold A. Pebbles, of Olympia, Wash.; Edward A. McMahon,
of Takoma Park, Md.; Lorraine McMullen, of Slater, Mo.; A. Bradley
Eben, of Chicago, Ill.; Hubert Van Hook, of Chicago, Ill.; George P.
Drury, of Boston, Mass.; Roscoe Anderson, of Saint Louis, Mo.; Frank
G. Sterritte, of Brooklyn, N. Y.; and Edward Pulteney Wright, of
Detroit, Mich., were admitted to practice.
No. 21. Thomas Martino, petitioner, v. Michigan Window Clean-
ing Company. On writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit
Court of Appeals for the Sixth Circuit. Judgment reversed with
costs and cause remanded to the District Court of the United States
for the Eastern District of Michigan for further proceedings in con-
formity with the opinion of this Court. Opinion by Mr. Justice
Burton. Mr. Justice Jackson took no part in the consideration or
decision of this case.
No. 292. William Murray Estep, petitioner, v. The United States
of America. On writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit
Court of Appeals for the Third Circuit; and
No. 66. Louis Dabney Smith, petitioner, v. The United States of
America. On writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court
of Appeals for the Fourth Circuit. Judgments reversed. Case No.
292 is remanded to the District Court of the United States for the
Western District of Pennsylvania for further proceedings in con-
formity with the opinion of this Court and case No. 66 is remanded
to the District Court of the United States for the Eastern District
of South Carolina for further proceedings in conformity with the
opinion of this Court. Opinion by Mr. Justice Douglas. Opinion
by Mr. Justice Frankfurter concurring in the result announced by
Mr. Justice Burton. Concurring opinion by Mr. Justice Murphy.
657009-46- -53

+1
MONDAY, FEBRUARY 4, 1946
139
Concurring opinion by Mr. Justice Rutledge. Dissenting opinion by
Mr. Justice Burton in which the Chief Justice concurs. Mr. Justice
Jackson took no part in the consideration or decision of these cases.
No. 399. Robert E. Hannegan, as Postmaster General of the United
States, petitioner, v. Esquire, Inc. On writ of certiorari to the
United States Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia. Judg-
ment affirmed and case remanded to the District Court of the United
States for the District of Columbia. Opinion by Mr. Justice Doug-
las. Concurring opinion by Mr. Justice Frankfurter. Mr. Justice
Jackson took no part in the consideration or decision of this case.
No. 392. Walter E. Meyer, petitioner, v. Joseph B. Fleming and
Aaron Colnon, as Trustees of the Chicago, Rock Island and Pacific
Railway Company. On writ of certiorari to the United States Cir-
cuit Court of Appeals for the Seventh Circuit. The order disallow-
ing the claim filed by petitioner is reversed with costs and the case is
remanded to the District Court of the United States for the Northern
District of Illinois for further proceedings in conformity with the
opinion of this Court. Opinion by Mr. Justice Douglas. Mr. Justice
Frankfurter and Mr. Justice Jackson took no part in the considera-
tion or decision of this case.
No. 152. Frank Canizio, petitioner, v. The People of the State of
New York. On writ of certiorari to the County Court, Kings
County, State of New York. Judgment affirmed. Opinion by Mr.
Justice Black. Dissenting opinion by Mr. Justice Murphy. Dis-
senting opinion by Mr. Justice Rutledge. Mr. Justice Jackson took
no part in the consideration or decision of this case.
No. 261. Otto A. Case, as Commissioner of Public Lands of the
State of Washington, petitioner, v. Chester Bowles, Administrator,
Office of Price Administration, and Soundview Pulp Company. On
writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for
the Ninth Circuit. Judgment affirmed and case remanded to the
District Court of the United States for the Western District of Wash-
ington. Opinion by Mr. Justice Black. Dissenting: Mr. Justice
Douglas. Mr. Justice Jackson took no part in the consideration
or decision of this case.
No. 238. William C. Hulbert and Chester Bowles, Administrator,
Office of Price Administration, petitioners, v. Twin Falls County,
Idaho. On writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of the State of
Idaho. Judgment reversed and case remanded to the Supreme Court
of Idaho for further proceedings not inconsistent with the opinion
of this Court. Opinion by Mr. Justice Black. Dissenting opinion
by Mr. Justice Douglas. Mr. Justice Jackson took no part in the
consideration or decision of this case.
15
h

MONDAY, FEBRUARY 4, 1946
140
No. 115. The United States of America, petitioner, v. William R.
Johnson; and
No. 116. The United States of America, petitioner, v. Jack Som-
mers, James A. Hartigan, William P. Kelly, and Stuart Solomon
Brown. On writs of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court
of Appeals for the Seventh Circuit. Judgments reversed and cases
remanded to the District Court of the United States for the Northern
District of Illinois to enforce the judgments against defendants.
Opinion by Mr. Justice Black. Mr. Justice Jackson and Mr. Justice
Murphy took no part in the consideration or decision of these cases.
No. 61, Misc. In the Matter of the Application of General
Tomoyuki Yamashita for Writs of Habeas Corpus and Prohibition;
and
No. 672. General Tomoyuki Yamashita, petitioner, v. Lieutenant
General Wilhelm D. Styer, Commanding General, U. S. Army Forces,
Western Pacific. On motion for leave to file petition for writs of
habeas corpus and prohibition and on petition for a writ of certiorari
to the Supreme Court of the Commonwealth of the Philippines.
Petition for writ of certiorari denied. Motion for leave to file peti-
tion for writ of habeas corpus and writ of prohibition denied. Opin-
ion by Mr. Chief Justice Stone. Dissenting opinion by Mr. Justice
Murphy. Dissenting opinion by Mr. Justice Rutledge in which Mr.
Justice Murphy joins. Mr. Justice Jackson took no part in the con-
sideration or decision of these cases.
The Chief Justice announced the following order of the Court:
No. 723. Republic Pictures Corporation, appellant, v. Francis
Kappler. Appeal from the United States Circuit Court of Appeals
for the Eighth Circuit. Per curiam: The motion to affirm is granted
and the judgment is affirmed. McKnett v. St. Louis & San Francisco
Railway Co., 292 U. S. 230, 233, 234; Pufahl v. Estate of Parks, 299
U. S. 217, 227; Miles v. Illinois Central Railroad Co., 315 U. S. 698, 704.
The following orders were not announced orally by the Chief Jus-
tice but appear on the list certified by him and filed with the Clerk:
No. 12, Original. The United States of America, complainant, v.
The State of California. The answer of the State of California is
received and ordered filed.
No. 61, Misc. In the Matter of the Application of General
Tomoyuki Yamashita for Writs of Habeas Corpus and Prohibition;
and
+

MONDAY, FEBRUARY 4, 1946
141
No. 672. General Tomoyuki Yamashita, petitioner, v. Lieutenant
General Wilhelm D. Styer, Commanding General, U. S. Army Forces,
Western Pacific. It is ordered that the order of this Court of Decem-
ber 17, 1945, staying all further proceedings in these causes pending
the consideration and determination of the applications for writs of
habeas corpus and prohibition and of the petition for writ of certiorari
is vacated.
It is further ordered that certified copies of the orders denying the
motions for leave to file the petitions for writs of habeas corpus and
prohibition and denying the petition for writ of certiorari be issued
forthwith.
No. 85, Misc. Floyd W. Lamore, petitioner, v. E. J. Welch, Super-
intendent, D. C. Reformatory, Lorton, Virginia. The motion for
leave to file a petition for a writ of habeas corpus is denied.
No. 84, Misc. Peter Resco, petitioner, v. Joseph E. Ragen, Warden,
Illinois State Penitentiary. The motion to withdraw the motion
for leave to file a petition for writ of certiorari is granted.
No. 625. Cecil I. Hust, petitioner, v. Moore-McCormack Lines, Inc.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Oregon
granted.
No. 650. William B. Denny, petitioner, v. The United States; and
No. 651. William B. Denny, petitioner, v. The United States. Peti-
tion for writs of certiorari to the Circuit Court of Appeals for the
Fourth Circuit denied.
No. 703. The Hudson Coal Company, petitioner, v. Arja Watkins,
Roger G. Westgate, Louis C. McAllister, et al. Petition for writ of
certiorari to the Circuit Court of Appeals for the Third Circuit denied.
No. 705. The Federal National Bank of Shawnee, Oklahoma,
Guardian of the Estate of Minnie O. Cammack, an Incompetent
Person, petitioner, v. New York Life Insurance Company. Petition
for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of Appeals for the Tenth
Circuit denied.
No. 715. H. J. Blackford, W. H. B. Simpson, et al., petitioners, v.
Legh R. Powell, Jr., and Henry W. Anderson, Receivers of the Sea-
board Air Line Railway Company. Petition for writ of certiorari
to the Circuit Court of Appeals for the Fourth Circuit denied.
No. 620. Leo Bailey, petitioner, v. The State of Florida. On peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Florida;
2
lit

MONDAY, FEBRUARY 4, 1946
142
No. 649. Samuel R. Toucey, petitioner, v. New York Life Insur-
ance Company. On petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court
of Appeals for the Eighth Circuit ;
No. 689. Roy Bridges, petitioner, v. Joseph E. Ragen, Warden, etc.
On petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of Vermilion
County, State of Illinois; and
No. 706. Mollie Eagle, petitioner, v. Benjamin Cherney and
Samuel H. Berger. On petition for writ of certiorari to the Court
of Appeals of the State of New York. The motions for leave to pro-
ceed in forma pauperis in these cases are granted. The petitions for
writs of certiorari are denied.
No. 663. William Kobley, petitioner, v. People of the State of
Illinois. On petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of
Illinois; and
No. 730. Anthony Wilke, petitioner, v. People of the State of
Illinois. On petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of
Illinois. The motions for leave to proceed in forma pauperis are
granted. The petitions for writs of certiorari are denied for the rea-
son that applications therefor were not made within the time provided
by law. Sec. 8 (a), Act of February 13, 1925 (43 Stat. 936, 940),
28 U. S. C. 350.
No. 203. Commissioner of Internal Revenue, petitioner, v. Estate
of Harry Holmes, deceased, Lucy B. Holmes, Independent Executrix;
No. 306. J. R. Mason, petitioner, v. Paradise Irrigation District;
No. 375. Raymond J. Wilson, petitioner, v. United States;
No. 382. John C. Burt, petitioner, v. Conway P. Coe, Commissioner
of Patents;
No. 409. William O. Price, petitioner, v. United States; and
No. 520. Allen Pope, petitioner, v. United States. The petitions
for rehearing in these cases are denied.
No. 564. Boyd L. Kithcart, petitioner, v. Metropolitan Life Insur-
ance Company, a Corporation. The motion for leave to file a second
petition for rehearing is granted. The petition for rehearing is
denied.
The Court will take a recess from Monday, February 11, until
Monday, February 25.
Mr. Justice Jackson took no part in the consideration or decision
of the cases in which judgments or orders are this day announced.
Hal
די
#1
"

MONDAY, FEBRUARY 4, 1946
143
No. 495. Jorge Irizarry Crespo, petitioner, v. The United States of
America. On petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court
of Appeals for the First Circuit. Dismissed for failure to comply
with the rules.
No. 320. Federal Trade Commission, petitioner, v. A. P. W. Paper
Company, Inc. Argued by Mr. Solicitor General McGrath for the
petitioner and by Mr. Edward H. Green for the respondent.
Adjourned until tomorrow at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Tuesday, February 5, will be as follows: Nos. 411,
404, 489, 418 (and 419), 381, 444, 473, 448, 578, and 67.
☑

TUESDAY, FEBRUARY 5, 1946
144
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: The Chief Justice, Mr. Justice Black, Mr. Justice Reed,
Mr. Justice Frankfurter, Mr. Justice Douglas, Mr. Justice Murphy,
Mr. Justice Rutledge, and Mr. Justice Burton.
Claude A. Ferguson, of Kansas City, Mo.; W. J. Dingus, Jr., of
Covington, Ga.; Walter J. Fourt, of Ventura, Calif.; Jack B. Tenney,
of Los Angeles, Calif.; W. Blum, Jr., of Washington, D. C.; S. M.
Sokol, of Akron, Ohio; B. Sherman Landau, of St. Louis, Mo.; George
O. Durham, of St. Louis, Mo.; Charles W. Lowder, of Kansas City,
Kans.; Noah Weinstein, of St. Louis, Mo.; Clarence L. Browning, of
Chicago, Ill.; Charles P. Franchot, of New York, N. Y.; Roy H. Black-
man, Jr., of Denver, Colo.; Rose Marie Burckell, of Memphis, Tenn.;
Thelma Siefkas Prescott, of Washington, D. C.; William A. Tighe,
Jr., of Memphis, Tenn.; Charles B. Feibleman, of Indianapolis, Ind.;
Norman L. Weisman, of Dayton, Ohio; Theodore G. Quintal, of New
York, N. Y.; and Thomas O. Berryhill, of Fort Lauderdale, Fla., were
admitted to practice.
No. 411. United States v. Judge Eugene Rice, District Judge for
the Eastern District of Oklahoma. Argued by Mr. Marvin J. Sonosky
for the United States and by Mr. Alfred Stevenson for Eugene Rice,
Judge, etc.
No. 404. Jack Davis, petitioner, v. United States. Argued by Mr.
Samuel Mezansky for the petitioner and by Mr. John J. Cooney for
the respondent.
No. 489. Edward F. Zap, petitioner, v. United States. Argument
commenced by Mr. Morris Lavine for the petitioner.
Adjourned until tomorrow at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Wednesday, February 6, will be as follows: Nos.
489, 418 (and 419), 381, 444, 473, 448, 578, 67, 393, and 400.
Х
657009-46-54

WEDNESDAY, FEBRUARY 6, 1946
145
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: The Chief Justice, Mr. Justice Black, Mr. Justice Reed,
Mr. Justice Frankfurter, Mr. Justice Douglas, Mr. Justice Murphy,
Mr. Justice Rutledge, and Mr. Justice Burton.
Edwin Joseph Regan, of Weaverville, Calif.; John A. Paap, of
Long Beach, Calif.; John A. Lowther, of Fort Worth, Tex.; Edward
M. Townsend, of Frederick, Okla.; Kenneth Y. Fung, of San Fran-
cisco, Calif.; Sumter Leitner, of Tallahassee, Fla.; James H. Brock,
of Medford, Mass.; William R. Lane, of Washington, D. C.;
Frederick A. Judell, of St. Louis, Mo.; John F. Connelly, of Buffalo,
N. Y.; Joseph Shankey, of New York, N. Y.; and William Kent Van
Allen, of Washington, D. C., were admitted to practice.
No. 786. National Labor Relations Board, petitioner, v. Donnelly
Garment Company, Donnelly Garment Workers' Union, et al. Time
within which to make service under Rule 38 extended to and includ.
ing February 23, 1946, on application of the Solicitor General.
No. 489. Edward F. Zap, petitioner, v. United States. Argument
continued by Mr. Morris Lavine for the petitioner, by Mr. Ralph
F. Fuchs for the respondent, and concluded by Mr. Morris Lavine
for the petitioner. Leave granted petitioner to file additional brief
on or before Friday next.
No. 418. Jerome F. Duggan, Trustee of the Estate of Christopher
Engineering Company and National Aircraft Corporation, petitioner,
v. James C. Sansberry, Trustee of the Estate of National Aircraft
Corporation; and
No. 419. National Aircraft Corporation, petitioner, v. James C.
Sansberry, Trustee of the Estate of National Aircraft Corporation.
Argued by Mr. George O. Durham for the petitioners and by Mr.
Isidore Feibleman and Mr. Charles B. Feibleman for the respondent.
No. 381. E. E. Ashcraft and John Ware, petitioners, v. State of
Tennessee. Argument commenced by Mr. James F. Bickers for the
petitioners.
Adjourned until tomorrow at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Thursday, February 7, will be as follows: Nos.
381, 444, 473, 448, 474, 435, 457 (and 458).
☑
657009-46- -55

THURSDAY, FEBRUARY 7, 1946
146
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: The Chief Justice, Mr. Justice Black, Mr. Justice Reed,
Mr. Justice Frankfurter, Mr. Justice Douglas, Mr. Justice Murphy,
Mr. Justice Rutledge, and Mr. Justice Burton.
Thomas F. McGovern, of New York, N. Y.; George E. Loucas, of
Weirton, W. Va.; George H. Klein, of Detroit, Mich.; Tomas L.
Cabili, of Manila, P. I.; Edward E. Fleming, of Miami, Fla.; and
Granville M. Pine, of New York, N. Y., were admitted to practice.
No. 381. E. E. Ashcraft and John Ware, petitioners, v. State of
Tennessee. Argument continued by Mr. James F. Bickers and Mr.
Grover N. McCormick for the petitioners and concluded by Mr. Nat
Tipton for the respondent.
No. 444. Florence B. Bigelow, Marion B. Koerber, John E. Bloom,
et al., petitioners, v. RKO Radio Pictures, Inc., Loew's, Incorporated,
et al. Argued by Mr. Thomas C. McConnell for the petitioners and
by Mr. Edward F. McClennen for the respondents.
Adjourned until tomorrow at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Friday, February 8, will be as follows: Nos. 473,
448, 474, and 435.
657009-46-56

FRIDAY, FEBRUARY 8, 1946
147
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: The Chief Justice, Mr. Justice Black, Mr. Justice Reed, Mr.
Justice Frankfurter, Mr. Justice Douglas, Mr. Justice Murphy, Mr.
Justice Rutledge, and Mr. Justice Burton.
Harold O. Keele, of West Liberty, Iowa; Joe Halbert Tonahill, of
Beaumont, Tex.; Walter F. Levis, of Belmont, Mass.; Robert Todd
McKinlay, of Chicago, Ill.; Louis Matkoff, of Philadelphia, Pa.;
Robert Eugene Bryant, of Chicago, Ill.; Ralph W. Wofford, of Vic-
toria, Tex.; Thomas L. Morrow, of Seattle, Wash.; and Norman Orme,
of Houston, Tex., were admitted to practice.
The Chief Justice said:"
"It is ordered that the Rules governing proceedings in criminal
cases after verdict, finding of guilty or not guilty by the court, or plea
of guilty, be prescribed pursuant to the Act of February 24, 1933."
No. 473. John D. Pennekamp and the Miami Herald Publishing
Company, petitioners, v. The State of Florida. Argument commenced
by Mr. Robert R. Milam for the petitioners; continued by Mr. J. Tom
Watson, Mr. James M. Carson, and Mr. Giles J. Patterson for the
respondent; and concluded by Mr. Elisha Hanson for the petitioners.
No. 448. American Federation of Labor, Metal Trades Department,
A. F. of L., Florida State Federation of Labor, et al., appellants, v.
J. Tom Watson, as Attorney General of the State of Florida, et al.
Argued by Mr. Herbert S. Thatcher for the appellants, and by Mr. J.
Tom Watson, Mr. Howard S. Bailey, and Mr. Sumter Leitner for the
appellees.
Adjourned until Monday, February 11, next, at 12 o'clock.
657009-46-57

MONDAY, FEBRUARY 11, 1946
148
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: The Chief Justice; Mr. Justice Black, Mr. Justice Reed,
Mr. Justice Frankfurter, Mr. Justice Douglas, Mr. Justice Murphy,
Mr. Justice Rutledge, and Mr. Justice Burton.
Charles Patrick Clark, of Washington, D. C.; Harold F. Trapp,
Jr., of Lincoln, Ill.; Alfred K. Lee, of Joplin, Mo.; Fred F. Fennell,
of Harriman, Tenn.; Charles A. Kahrhoff, Jr., of Denver, Colo.;
Frederic J. Ball, of Washington, D. C.; Thomas F. Lynch, of New
York, N. Y.; Richard Corwine Stevenson, of Chicago, Ill.; Thomas
Pierce Rogers, of San Francisco, Calif.; Saul Perlis, of San Fran-
cisco, Calif.; Jeptha A. Evans, of Booneville, Ark.; Joseph A. Mc-
Clain, Jr., of St. Louis, Mo.; Francis A. O'Connell, Jr., of New
York, N. Y.; Irvin L. Stephenson, of Salt Lake City, Utah; James
Harry Painter, Jr., of Houston, Tex.; Peter T. Beardsley, of Wash-
ington, D. C.; Wyatt Cleveland Holland, of Little Rock, Ark.; Mor-
ris Kirschstein, of New York, N. Y.; Charles H. Borden, of Chicago,
Ill.; and Donald A. Ladenberger, of Los Angeles, Calif., were ad-
mitted to practice.
No. 61. Oklahoma Press Publishing Company, petitioner, v. L.
Metcalfe Walling, Administrator of the Wage and Hour Division,
United States Department of Labor. On writ of certiorari to the
United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Tenth Circuit; and
No. 63. News Printing Company, Inc., petitioner, v. L. Metcalfe
Walling, Administrator of the Wage and Hour Division, United
States Department of Labor. On writ of certiorari to the United
States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Third Circuit. Judgment
in No. 61 affirmed and case remanded to the District Court of the
United States for the Eastern District of Oklahoma. Judgment in
No. 63 affirmed and case remanded to the District Court of the United
States for the District of New Jersey. Opinion by Mr. Justice
Rutledge. Dissenting opinion by Mr. Justice Murphy. Mr. Justice
Jackson took no part in the consideration or decision of these cases.
No. 57. Courtney M. Mabee, Charles K. Barnum, Edward G. Tomp-
kins, et al., petitioners v. White Plains Publishing Company, Inc.
On writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals of the State of New
York. Judgment reversed with costs and case remanded to the
657009-46-58
"

MONDAY, FEBRUARY 11, 1946
149
Court of Appeals of the State of New York for further proceedings
not inconsistent with the opinion of this Court. Opinion by Mr.
Justice Douglas. Dissenting opinion by Mr. Justice Murphy. Mr.
Justice Jackson took no part in the consideration or decision of this
case.
The Chief Justice announced the following orders of the Court:
No. 770. Jay H. Taylor, appellant, v. The Kentucky State Bar
Association. Appeal from the Court of Appeals of Kentucky. Per
curiam: The motion to dismiss is granted and the appeal dismissed
for the want of a properly presented substantial federal question.
No. 402. Bruce's Juices, Inc., petitioner, v. American Can Com-
pany. On writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Florida. Per
curiam: Judgment affirmed by an equally divided Court.
No. 410. Alpine MacGregor, petitioner, v. Westinghouse Electric
& Manufacturing Company. On writ of certiorari to the Supreme
Court of the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania. Per curiam: Judg-
ment affirmed by an equally divided Court.
No. 93, Misc. Masaharu Homma, petitioner, v. Robert P. Patter-
son, Secretary of War, et al; and
No. 818. Masaharu Homma, petitioner, v. Lieutenant General Wil-
helm D. Styer, Commanding General, United States Army Forces,
Western Pacific, et al. On motion for leave to file petition for writs
of habeas corpus and prohibition and on petition for a writ of
certiorari to the Supreme Court of the Commonwealth of the Philip-
pines. The motion for leave to file petition for writ of habeas corpus
and writ of prohibition is denied and the petition for writ of certiorari
is also denied on authority of In the Matter of the Application of
General Tomoyuki Yamashita, No. 61 Miscellaneous October Term
1945, and General Tomoyuki Yamashita v. Lieutenant General Wil-
helm D. Styer, No. 672, October Term 1945, decided February 4, 1946.
Mr. Justice Murphy has filed a dissenting memorandum in which Mr.
Justice Rutledge concurs. Mr. Justice Rutledge has filed a dissenting
memorandum in which Mr. Justice Murphy concurs.
The following orders were not announced orally by the Chief Jus-
tice but appear on the list certified by him and filed with the Clerk:
No. 86, Misc. Dewey White, petitioner, v. Joseph E. Ragen, Warden,
etc. The motion for leave to file petition for writ of certiorari is
denied.
No. 87, Misc. George William Bailey, petitioner, v. W. C. Parker,
Warden, etc.; and
เมน

MONDAY, FEBRUARY 11, 1946
150
"
1
No. 88, Misc. Carl W. Houghton, petitioner, v. Ralph E. Benson,
Acting Warden, etc. The motions for leave to file petitions for writs
of habeas corpus are denied.
No. 89, Misc. C. E. Owens, petitioner, v. Walter A. Hunter, Warden,
etc. The motion for leave to file petition for writ of mandamus is
denied.
No. 769. Queenside Hills Realty Co., Inc., appellant, v. William
Wilson, as Commissioner of Housing and Buildings of the City of
New York. In this case probable jurisdiction is noted and the case is
tranferred to the summary docket.
No. 12, Original. The United States, complainant, v. The State of
California. The motion of the Commonwealth of Massachusetts for
leave to intervene is denied.
No. 605. Jacob Siegel Company, petitioner, v. Federal Trade Com-
mission. The motion of Seymour Klein et al. for leave to argue as
amici curiae is denied.
No. 19. Liggett & Myers Tobacco Company et al., petitioners, v.
United States. Upon suggestion of the death of Edward H. Thurston,
a petitioner in this case, the motion to dismiss the writ of certiorari as
to Edward H. Thurston, deceased, is granted.
No. 428. El Dorado Oil Works and El Dorado Terminal Company,
appellants, v. United States, Interstate Commerce Commission, Gen-
eral American Transportation Corporation et al. Restored to the
summary docket for further argument on the merits on the assump-
tion that the District Court had jurisdiction.
No. 361. Burton-Sutton Oil Company, Incorporated, petitioner, v.
Commissioner of Internal Revenue. Petition for writ of certiorari to
the Circuit Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit granted and case
transferred to the summary docket.
No. 675. Verna Mae Bihn, petitioner, v. United States. Petition
for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of Appeals for the Second
Circuit granted and case transferred to the summary docket.
No. 718. Lehigh Navigation Coal Co., Inc., et al., petitioners, v.
John B. Kelly, Inc. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court
of Appeals for the Third Circuit denied.
No. 722. Carl McIntire, Theodore Elsner, and Wiley Mission, Inc.,
petitioners, v. Wm. Penn Broadcasting Company of Philadelphia,

MONDAY, FEBRUARY 11, 1946
151
Owners and Operators of Radio Broadcasting Station "WPEN."
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of Appeals for the
Third Circuit denied.
No. 758. Clarence A. Timony, Suing on Behalf of Himself and as
Agent on Behalf of Other Former Employees of Todd Erie Basin
Dry Docks, Inc., etc., petitioner, v. Todd Shipyards Corporation.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of Appeals for the
Second Circuit denied.
No. 666. Ralph O. Lucas, petitioner, v. Joseph E. Ragen, Warden,
etc. On petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of Will
County, State of Illinois;
No. 680. Roy Eaton, petitioner, v. People of the State of Illinois.
On petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Illinois;
No. 685. Oliver Bradford, petitioner, v. Walter Nierstheimer,
Warden, etc. On petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court
of Randolph County, State of Illinois;
No. 688. Eddie Duncan, petitioner, v. Joseph E. Ragen, Warden,
etc. On petition for writ of certiorari to the Criminal Court of
Cook County, State of Illinois;
No. 694. James Rolland, petitioner, v. Joseph E. Ragen, Warden,
etc. On petittion for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of Will
County, State of Illinois; and
No. 713. George Bessenhoffer, petitioner, v. Joseph E. Ragen,
Warden, etc. On petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of
Will County, State of Illinois. The motions for leave to proceed in
forma pauperis in these cases are granted. The petitions for writs of
certiorari are denied.
No. 37. Order of Railway Conductors of America, H. W. Fraser,
President thereof, et al., petitioners, v. Shelton Pitney and Walter P.
Gardner, Trustees of Central Railroad Co. of New Jersey, et al.;
No. 58. Joachim O. Fernandez, United States Collector of Internal
Revenue, apppellant, v. Samuel G. Wiener, William B. Wiener, et al.;
No. 59. United States, appellant, v. Henry Rompel, Jr., Adminis-
trator De Bonis Non Cum Testamento Annexo of Ernest Herbst, de-
ceased;
No. 360. Fred Hunter, petitioner, v. United States;
No. 363. Earl J. McFarland, petitioner, v. United States; and
No. 600. Albert R. House, petitioner, v. State of Florida and
Nathan Mayo, State Prison Custodian. The petitions for rehearing in
these cases are denied.
No. 112. Herbert M. Gregory, petitioner, v. United States. The
motion for leave to file a second petition for rehearing is granted. The

MONDAY, FEBRUARY 11, 1946
152
petition for rehearing is denied. Mr. Justice Burton took no part
in the consideration or decision of these applications.
No. 633. Francis P. Slattery, petitioner, v. Allen A. McDonald,
Sheriff of Ingham County, Michigan. The motion of the American
Civil Liberties Union for leave to file brief amicus curiae in support
of the petition for rehearing is granted. The petition for rehearing
is denied.
Mr. Justice Jackson took no part in the consideration or decision
of the cases in which judgments or orders are this day announced.
No. 544. United States ex rel. Jacob Hurwitz, petitioner, v. Myrl
E. Alexander. On petition for certiorari to the Circuit Court of
Appeals for the Second Circuit. Dismissed on motion of the peti-
tioner.
No. 714. United States, petitioner, v. Edmund Carl Heine. Time
within which to make service under Rule 38 extended to and including
March 14, 1946, on application of the Solicitor General.
Adjourned until Monday, February 25, next, at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Monday, February 25, will be as follows: Nos. 578,
67, 393, 400, 452, 474, 309, 435, 496, 457 (and 458).
☑

MONDAY, FEBRUARY 25, 1946
153
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: The Chief Justice, Mr. Justice Black, Mr. Justice Reed,
Mr. Justice Frankfurter, Mr. Justice Douglas, Mr. Justice Rutledge,
and Mr. Justice Burton.
Richard H. Field, of Boston, Mass.; Florence M. K. Murray, of
Newport, R. I.; Paul F. Murray, of Newport, R. I.; Charles H. McCue,
of Boston, Mass.; James H. Kerr, Jr., of Houston, Tex.; Preston
Pope Reynolds, of Dallas, Tex.; Harold H. Singer, of Dayton,
Ohio; A. G. McNeese, Jr., of Houston, Tex.; Donald Hayward San-
born, of New York, N. Y.; Norman L. Casey, of Little Rock, Ark.;
Henry G. Fischer, of Washington, D. C.; C. Pershing Bell, of Waynes-
ville, Mo.; Barkley M. Brock, of Clinton, Mo.; Marvin E. Whitting-
ton, of El Paso, Tex.; Samuel Miles Fink, of New York, N. Y.; Saul
Sperling, of New York, N. Y.; Edmond F. Maher, of San Francisco,
Calif.; James Church Coggill, of New York, N. Y.; Linnie Wright
Barrett, of Dallas, Tex.; John C. McCarthy, of Rockford, Ill.; Oscar
E. Ellis, of Salem, Ark.; Abe. W. Bass, of Cedar Rapids, Iowa;
Laurence R. Wood, of Los Angeles, Calif.; James Benjamin Bunn, of
Osceola, Ark.; Robert H. Wallis, of Long Beach, Calif.; Harvey B.
Thorn, of Little Rock, Ark.; Sol Schwartz, of Paterson, N. J.; John
Oates Woods, of Washington, D. C.; Hal H. McCaghren, of Lakeland,
Fla.; Joe Allen Jones, of Washington, D. C.; Lloyd B. Johnson, of
Albuquerque, N. Mex.; Eugene B. Wetherill, of Kenton, Ohio; Frank
Austin Holder, of Dallas, Tex.; Theodore E. Frossard, of Monett,
Mo.; and Jack H. Oppenheim, of Chicago, Ill., were admitted to
practice.
No. 73. Anna M. Boutell and Carroll M. Boutell, doing business
as F. J. Boutell Service Company, petitioners, v. L. Metcalfe Walling,
Administrator of the Wage and Hour Division, United States De-
partment of Labor. On writ of certiorari to the United States Cir-
cuit Court of Appeals for the Sixth Circuit. Judgment affirmed
and case remanded to the District Court of the United States for the
Eastern District of Michigan. Opinion by Mr. Justice Burton. Dis-
senting opinion by Mr. Justice Douglas in which Mr. Justice Frank-
furter and Mr. Justice Rutledge join. Mr. Justice Jackson took no
part in the consideration or decision of this case.
No. 72. Dorothy Nippert, appellant, v. City of Richmond. Appeal
from the Supreme Court of Appeals of the Commonwealth of Vir-
657009-46-
-59

MONDAY, FEBRUARY 25, 1946
154
ginia. Judgment reversed with costs and case remanded to the Su-
preme Court of Appeals for further proceedings not inconsistent with
the opinion of this Court. Opinion by Mr. Justice Rutledge. Dis-
senting: Mr. Justice Black. Dissenting opinion by Mr. Justice Doug-
las in which Mr. Justice Murphy concurs. Mr. Justice Jackson took
no part in the consideration or decision of this case.
No. 44. The United States of America, appellant, v. American
Union Transport, Inc., D. C. Andrews & Co., Inc., Atlantic Forward-
ing Co., Inc., et al. Appeal from the District Court of the United
States for the Southern District of New York. Decree reversed and
case remanded to the District Court for further proceedings in con-
formity with the opinion of this Court. Opinion by Mr. Justice
Rutledge. Dissenting opinion by Mr. Justice Frankfurter in which
Mr. Justice Black and Mr. Justice Douglas concur. Mr. Justice Jack-
son took no part in the consideration or decision of this case.
No. 163. Commissioner of Internal Revenue, petitioner, v. Laird
Wilcox and Maud Wilcox. On writ of certiorari to the United States
Circuit Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit. Judgment affirmed
and case remanded to the Circuit Court of Appeals. Opinion by Mr.
Justice Murphy announced by Mr. Justice Rutledge. Dissenting
opinion by Mr. Justice Burton. Mr. Justice Jackson took no part in
the consideration or decision of this case.
No. 484. Helen C. Poff, as Executrix of the Last Will and Testa-
ment of John B. Welshans, deceased, petitioner, v. The Pennsylvania
Railroad Company. On writ of certiorari to the United States Cir-
cuit Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit. Judgment reversed
with costs and case remanded to the District Court of the United
States for the Eastern District of New York for further proceedings
in conformity with the opinion of this Court. Opinion by Mr. Jus-
tice Douglas. Dissenting opinion by Mr. Justice Frankfurter in
which Mr. Justice Burton concurs. Mr. Justice Jackson took no
part in the consideration or decision of this case.
No. 319. National Labor Relations Board, petitioner, v. Cheney
California Lumber Company. On writ of certiorari to the United
States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit. Judgment
reversed and case remanded to the Circuit Court of Appeals for
further proceedings in conformity with the opinion of this Court.
Opinion by Mr. Justice Frankfurter. Concurring opinion by Mr.
Chief Justice Stone. Mr. Justice Jackson took no part in the con-
sideration or decision of this case.
No. 505. George C. Holmberg, Frank C. Ball, Carl J. Easterberg,
et al., on Behalf of Themselves and All Other Creditors of the South-
ern Minnesota Joint Stock Land Bank of Minneapolis, petitioners, v.
"

MONDAY, FEBRUARY 25, 1946
155
Charles Armbrecht and Gilbert Miller, Barbara Richards Michel, et
al., as Executors Under the Last Will and Testament of Jules S. Bache,
deceased. On writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of
Appeals for the Second Circuit. Judgment reversed with costs and
case remanded to the Circuit Court of Appeals for proceedings in con-
formity with the opinion of this Court. Opinion by Mr. Justice
Frankfurter. Concurring opinion by Mr. Justice Rutledge. Mr.
Justice Jackson took no part in the consideration or decision of this
case.
No. 318. The Social Security Board, petitioner, v. Joseph Nierotko.
On writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for
the Sixth Circuit. Judgment affirmed and case remanded to the Dis-
trict Court of the United States for the Eastern District of Michigan.
Opinion by Mr. Justice Reed. Concurring opinion by Mr. Justice
Frankfurter. Mr. Justice Jackson took no part in the consideration
or decision of this case.
No. 77. The United States of America, petitioner, v. Petty Motor
Company;
No. 78. The United States of America, petitioner, v. Merrill J.
Brockbank, doing business as Brockbank Apparel Company;
No. 79. The United States of America, petitioner, v. William G.
Grimsdell, doing business as Grocer Printing Company;
No. 80. The United States of America, petitioner, v. Charles F.
Wiggs, doing business as Chicago Flexible Shaft Company;
No. 81. The United States of America, petitioner, v. Independent
Pneumatic Tool Company;
No. 82. The United States of America, petitioner, v. The Galigher
Company;
No. 83. The United States of America, petitioner, v. Gray-Cannon
Lumber Company. On writs of certiorari to the United States Circuit
Court of Appeals for the Tenth Circuit. Judgments reversed and cases
remanded to the District Court of the United States for the District
of Utah for further proceedings in conformity with the opinion of this
Court. Opinion by Mr. Justice Reed. Concurring opinion by Mr.
Justice Rutledge. Mr. Justice Frankfurter and Mr. Justice Jackson
took no part in the consideration or decision of these cases.
No. 142. American Surety Company of New York, petitioner, v.
Paul W. Sampsell, as Trustee in Bankruptcy of the Estate of Charles
B. Stratton, etc. On writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit
Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit. Judgment affirmed with costs
and case remanded to the District Court of the United States for the
Southern District of California. Opinion by Mr. Justice Black. Mr.
Justice Jackson took no part in the consideration or decision of this
case.

MONDAY, FEBRUARY 25, 1946
156
No. 381. E. E. Ashcraft and John Ware, petitioners, v. State of
Tennessee. On writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of the State
of Tennessee. The judgment against petitioner, Ashcraft, is reversed
and that against petitioner, Ware, is vacated and the case as to both
petitioners is remanded to the Supreme Court for further proceedings
not inconsistent with the opinion of this Court. Opinion by Mr. Jus-
tice Black. Mr. Justice Frankfurter joins in the opinion on the basis
of the decision in Ashcraft v. Tennessee, 322 U. S. 143. Mr. Justice
Jackson took no part in the consideration or decision of this case.
No. 317. Commissioner of Internal Revenue, petitioner, v. Francis
E. Tower. On writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of
Appeals for the Sixth Circuit. Judgment reversed and case remanded
to the Circuit Court of Appeals for further proceedings in conformity
with the opinion of this Court. Opinion by Mr. Justice Black. Con-
curring opinion by Mr. Justice Rutledge. Dissenting: The Chief
Justice and Mr. Justice Reed. Mr. Justice Jackson took no part in
the consideration or decision of this case.
No. 263. A. L. Lusthaus, petitioner, v. Commissioner of Internal
Revenue. On writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of
Appeals for the Third Circuit. Judgment affirmed and case remanded
to the Circuit Court of Appeals. Opinion by Mr. Justice Black..
Dissenting opinion by Mr. Justice Reed in which the Chief Justice
joins. Mr. Justice Jackson took no part in the consideration or deci-
sion of this case.
No. 14. Lloyd C. Duncan, petitioner, v. Duke Paoa Kahanamoku,
Sheriff of the City and County of Honolulu. On writ of certiorari to
the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit; and
No. 15. Harry E. White, petitioner, v. Wm. F. Steer, Colonel, In-
fantry, United States Army, Provost Marshal, Central Pacific Area.
On writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals
for the Ninth Circuit. Judgments reversed and cases remanded to
the District Court of the United States for the Territory of Hawaii
for further proceedings in conformity with the opinion of this Court.
Opinion by Mr. Justice Black. Concurring opinion by Mr. Justice
Murphy. Concurring opinion by Mr. Chief Justice Stone. Dissenting
opinion by Mr. Justice Burton in which Mr. Justice Frankfurter con-
curs. Mr. Justice Jackson took no part in the consideration or deci-
sion of these cases.
No. 86. William H. Griffin, petitioner, v. Grace H. Griffin. On
writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the Dis-
trict of Columbia. Judgment reversed and case remanded to the
District Court of the United States for the District of Columbia for
further proceedings in conformity with the opinion of this Court.
Opinion by Mr. Chief Justice Stone. Opinion by Mr. Justice
ן!
"

MONDAY, FEBRUARY 25, 1946
157
Rutledge dissenting in part in which Mr. Justice Black joins. Dis-
senting opinion by Mr. Justice Frankfurter. Mr. Justice Jackson
took no part in the consideration or decision of this case.
No. 444. Florence B. Bigelow, Marion B. Koerber, John E. Bloom,
and William C. Bloom, petitioners, v. RKO Radio Pictures, Inc.,
Loew's, Incorporated, Twentieth Century-Fox Film Corporation, et al.
On writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals
for the Seventh Circuit. Judgment of the District Court affirmed
and judgment of the Circuit Court of Appeals reversed with costs
and case remanded to the District Court of the United States for the
Northern District of Illinois. Opinion by Mr. Chief Justice Stone.
Dissenting opinion by Mr. Justice Frankfurter. Mr. Justice Jackson
took no part in the consideration or decision of this case.
The Chief Justice said:
"Ernest Knaebel, who was appointed Reporter of this Court on
October 10, 1916, served in that capacity until his retirement from
active duty on January 31, 1944, a period of more than twenty-seven
years, represented by eighty volumes of the United States Reports
extending from Volume 242 to Volume 321, inclusive.
"The Court records its appreciation of his diligence and valued
labors as Reporter during his term of office.
"We express sincere regret at the severance of a relationship which
has been uniformly friendly and agreeable, and we wish for him in
his retirement many years of well-earned repose."
"It Is Ordered that Mr. Walter Wyatt be, and he hereby is, ap-
pointed Reporter of this Court, effective March 1, 1946, in the place
of Mr. Ernest Knaebel, resigned, and he is charged with the duty of
reporting the decisions of the present term which have not been pub-
lished prior to March 1, 1946."
The Chief Justice announced the following orders of the Court:
No. 751. Commissioner of Internal Revenue v. Amelia E. Collins.
On certificate from the Circuit Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit.
Per curiam: It appearing that the Commissioner of Internal Revenue
has dismissed his petition for review in the United States Circuit
Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit, the certificate is dismissed as
moot.
No. 221. Taze Hamrick Gibson, petitioner, v. United States. This
case is restored to the docket for reargument before a full bench. On
reargument special attention is directed to the question whether peti-
tioner was accepted by the Civilian Public Service Camp and, if so,
whether his acceptance bars the defense of the alleged improper
classification.

MONDAY, FEBRUARY 25, 1946
158
No. 290. Halliburton Oil Well Cementing Company, petitioner, v.
Cranford P. Walker et al., doing business as Depthograph Company,
a Corporation. The petition for rehearing in this case is granted and
the case is restored to the docket for a reargument before a full bench.
The motion to withhold issuance of the mandate is also granted.
The following orders were not announced orally by the Chief
Justice but appear on the list certified by him and filed with the Clerk:
No. 75, Misc. Meyer Abrams, petitioner, v. 188 Randolph Build-
ing Corporation, Debtor, et al. The motion for leave to file a petition
for writ of certiorari is denied. Mr. Justice Douglas took no part
in the consideration or decision of this application.
No. 90, Misc. Robert Fiester, petitioner, v. People of the State of
Illinois. Application denied.
No. 91, Misc. Ferdinand Thompson, petitioner, v. Joseph E.
Ragen, Warden, etc. The motion for leave to file a petition for writ
of habeas corpus is denied.
No. 92, Misc. In the Matter of Rudolph Ross. The motion for
leave to file a petition for writ of mandamus or prohibition is denied.
No. 94, Misc. Chesteen McConnell, petitioner, v. Alfred F. Dowd,
Warden, etc. The motion for leave to file a petition for writ of
certiorari is denied.
No. 804. Kenneth W. Colegrove, Peter J. Chamales and Kenneth
C. Sears, appellants, v. Dwight H. Green, as a Member, Ex-Officio, of
the Primary Certifying Board of the State of Illinois, et al. In this
case probable jurisdiction is noted. The motion of the Better Gov-
ernment Association for leave to file brief amicus curiae is granted.
The motion for leave to participate in the oral argument is denied.
No. 749. People of the State of Illinois ex rel. Robert L. Gordon,
Director of Labor, petitioner, v. United States. Petition for writ of
certiorari to the Supreme Court of Illinois granted.
No. 750. People of the State of Illinois ex rel. Robert L. Gordon,
Director of Labor, petitioner, v. Nigal D. Campbell, Collector of In-
ternal Revenue. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court
of Illinois granted.
No. 631. Lee Van Woods, petitioner, v. Walter Nierstheimer,
Warden, Illinois State Penitentiary, Menard, Illinois. On petition
for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of Randolph County, State
of Illinois; and
N
14
ווי
"

MONDAY, FEBRUARY 25, 1946
159
No. 671. Lee Van Woods, petitioner, v. Walter Nierstheimer,
Warden, Illinois State Penitentiary, Menard, Illinois. On petition
for writ of certiorari to the Criminal Court of Cook County, State
of Illinois. The motions for leave to proceed in forma pauperis in
these cases are granted. The petitions for writs of certiorari are also
granted and the cases are transferred to the summary docket.
No. 350. All Service Laundry Corporation, petitioner, v. Lillian
Maud Phillips, as Administratrix of the Goods, Chattels, and Credits
of Clifford R. Phillips, deceased, et al. Petition for writ of certiorari
to the Circuit Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit denied.
No. 674. Shawano National Bank and H. J. Rose, petitioners, v.
Chester A. Bowles, Administrator, Office of Price Administration.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of Appeals for
the Seventh Circuit denied.
No. 702. Albert W. Krause, petitioner, v. United States. Petition
for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of Appeals for the Seventh
Circuit denied.
No. 709. Patsy Mutarielli, petitioner, v. United States. Petition
for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of Appeals for the Third
Circuit denied.
No. 729. Harry Theis et al., Not Individually but as the Bond-
holders' Protective Committee in the Matter of Certain Bonds of
Grand River Drainage District of Livingston et al., petitioners v.
Durward Belmont Luther, Alleged Bankrupt. Petition for writ
of certiorari to the Circuit Court of Appeals for the Eighth Circuit
denied.
No. 731. Henry Greenberg, petitioner, v. I. & I. Holding Corpora-
tion and Harry Barrow, Inc. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
Circuit Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit denied.
No. 734. Mission State Bank, petitioner, v. Charles Eugene Spur-
geon, by his next friend, Thomas L. Brown. Petition for writ of
certiorari to the Circuit Court of Appeals for the Eighth Circuit
denied.
No. 736. John D. Lyon, petitioner, v. Jerome K. Harkness. Peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of Appeals for the
First Circuit denied.
No. 745. Gabriele Giordano, petitioner, v. The Asbury Park and
Ocean Grove Bank et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court
of Errors and Appeals of the State of New Jersey denied.
No. 746. Kansas City Bridge Company, petitioner, v. Lewis Edwin
Leichty, deceased, Mrs. L. E. Leichty, claimant. Petition for writ of
certiorari to the Supreme Court of Missouri denied.
'
ין
1
th
1

MONDAY, FEBRUARY 25, 1946
160
No. 753. R. G. LeTourneau, Inc., petitioner, v. Gar Wood Indus-
tries, Inc. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of
Appeals for the Ninth Circuit denied.
No. 754. W. P. Sewell and R. B. Sewell, petitioners, v. Commis-
sioner of Internal Revenue. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
Circuit Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 757. Ward Morrison, Jr., Austin Hudson, et al., petitioners, v.
Maryland Casualty Company. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
Circuit Court of Appeals for the Tenth Circuit denied.
No. 716. James J. Clayton, petitioner, v. State of Alabama. Peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Alabama denied.
No. 721. Capitol Wine and Spirit Corporation, petitioner, v.
Stewart Berkshire, as Deputy Commissioner of the Bureau of Inter-
nal Revenue, etc., et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit
Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit denied.
No. 735. Don A. Davis, petitioner, v. Commissioner of Internal
Revenue. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of
Appeals for the Eighth Circuit denied.
No. 759. The First National Bank of Longview, Texas, petitioner,
v. City of Longview, Texas. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
Circuit Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 771. Stanley G. Klumb, petitioner, v. John Roach and Edwin
B. H. Tower, Jr. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court
of Appeals for the Seventh Circuit denied.
No. 475. George Phillips, petitioner, v. The People of the State
of New York;
No. 649. Samuel R. Toucey, petitioner, v. New York Life Insur-
ance Company; and
No. 706. Mollie Eagle, petitioner, v. Benjamin Cherney and Sam-
uel H. Berger. The petitions for rehearing in these cases are denied.
No. 78, Misc. Dorsey W. McMahan, petitioner, v. James V. Ben-
nett, Director, Bureau of Federal Prisons;
No. 79, Misc. Kinner Motors, Inc., petitioner, v. Honorable Camp-
bell E. Beaumont, Judge of the U. S. District Court, Southern District
of California;
No. 82, Misc. Walter N. Smith, petitioner, v. Honorable Joseph
F. Maguire, Justice of the Domestic Relations Court of the City of
New York, et al.;
No. 83, Misc. John Harding, petitioner, v. Honorable F. H. La-
Guardia, Mayor of the City of New York, et al.;

MONDAY, FEBRUARY 25, 1946
161
No. 653. Gas Ridge, Inc., petitioner, v. Suburban Agricultural
Properties, Inc.;
No. 667. Wesley W. West, petitioner, v. Commissioner of Internal
Revenue;
No. 668. J. Marion West, petitioner, v. Commissioner of Internal
Revenue;
No. 669. Estate of J. M. West, deceased, James M. West, Jr., et al.,
Executors, petitioners, v. Commissioner of Internal Revenue; and
No. 670. Jessie Gertrude West, petitioner, v. Commissioner of In-
ternal Revenue. The petitions for rehearing in these cases are denied.
Mr. Justice Rutledge took no part in the consideration or decision of
these applications.
No. 188. William Elbert Lawrence, petitioner, v. The People of
the State of Illinois. The motion for leave to file a fifth petition for
rehearing is denied. Mr. Justice Burton took no part in the considera-
tion or decision of this application.
No. 208. Kingdon William DeNormand, Joseph Peter Oddo,
Joseph Alfred LaCascia, et al., petitioners, v. United States. The mo-
tion for leave to file a third petition for rehearing is denied.
No. 587. Edwin J. Creel, petitioner, v. Robert T. Creel;
No. 588. Edwin J. Creel, petitioner, v. Robert T. Creel; and
No. 589. Edwin J. Creel, petitioner, v. Robert T. Creel. The mo-
tion to defer consideration of the petition for rehearing is denied.
The petition for rehearing is also denied.
Mr. Justice Jackson took no part in the consideration or decision
of the cases in which judgments or orders are this day announced.
No. 786. National Labor Relations Board, petitioner, v. Donnelly
Garment Company, Donnelly Garment Workers' Union, et al.; and
No. 787. International Ladies' Garment Workers Union, peti-
tioner, v. Donnelly Garment Company, Donnelly Garment Workers'
Union, and National Labor Relations Board. Time within which to
file briefs for the respondents extended to and including March 28,
1946, on application of counsel for the respondents.
No. 845. Donald L. Skene v. Joseph E. Ragen, Warden, Illinois
State Penitentiary. On petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme
Court of the State of Illinois. Dismissed on motion of petitioner.
No. 578. Thomas Paper Stock Company et al., petitioners, v. Ches-
ter Bowles, Price Administrator. Argument commenced by Mr. Jack
657009-46-60
1

MONDAY, FEBRUADRY 25, 1946
162
H. Oppenheim for the petitioners and continued by Mr. Jacob D.
Hyman for the respondent.
Adjourned until tomorrow at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Tuesday, February 26, will be as follows: Nos.
578, 67, 393, 400, 474, 452, 309, 435, 556, 457 (and 458).
"

TUESDAY, FEBRUARY 26, 1946
163
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: The Chief Justice, Mr. Justice Black, Mr. Justice Reed,
Mr. Justice Frankfurter, Mr. Justice Douglas, Mr. Justice Murphy,
Mr. Justice Rutledge, and Mr. Justice Burton.
Lester A. Lawrence, of Washington, D. C.; Peter J. Kondos, of Mil-
waukee, Wis.; Peter S. Sommer, of San Francisco, Calif.; James
Lamont Johnston, of New York, N. Y.; James J. Davis, Jr., of Phila-
delphia, Pa. Clifford L. Porter. of New York, N. Y.; Marguerite
McDowell, of Washington. D. C.; James Wallace Kemp, of New York,
N. Y.; John L. York, of Atlanta, Ga.; George Weber Coen, of Lan-
caster, Ohio; Benedict F. FitzGerald, Jr., of Boston, Mass.; Thomas
A. Flannery, of Washington, D. C.; Mortimer Kollender, of Alexan-
dria, Va.; Theodore L. Bowes. of Rochester, N. Y.; William H. Paul-
ing-Emrich, of Washington, D. C.; and Rowland F. Kirks, of Wash-
ington, D. C., were admitted to practice.
No. 723. Republic Pictures Corporation, appellant, v. Francis
Kappler. Time within which to file petition for rehearing extended
to and including March 8, 1946, on application of counsel for the
appellant.
No. 578. Thomas Paper Stock Company et al., petitioners, v.
Chester Bowles, Price Administrator. Argument continued by Mr.
Jacob D. Hyman for the respondent and concluded by Mr. Jack H.
Oppenheim for the petitioners.
No. 67. Thomas Paper Stock Company et al., petitioners, v. Ches-
ter Bowles, Price Administrator. Argued by Mr. Jack H. Oppen-
heim for the petitioners and by Mr. Richard H. Field for the respond-
ent.
No. 393. Christine Collins, A. J. Cummins, Yancey Lee Cummins,
and Edward J. Miller, petitioners, v. Chester Bowles, Price Admin-
istrator. Argued by Mr. Mac Asbill for the petitioners and by Mr.
Richard H. Field for the respondent.
No. 400. Utah Junk Company, petitioner, v. Chester Bowles,
Price Administrator. Argued by Mr. Richard H. Field for the
respondent. Case submitted by Mr. Keith L. Seegmiller for the peti-
tioner.
657009-46-61

TUESDAY, FEBRUARY 26, 1946
164
No. 474. The United States of America, appellant, v. Joseph L.
Carbone, Vincent Di Nunno, John Stropparo, and Wantee Kuhtaniemi.
Argument commenced by Mr. Frederick B. Wiener for the appellant.
Adjourned until tomorrow at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Wednesday, February 27, will be as follows:
Nos. 474, 452, 309, 435, 556, 457 (and 458), 517, 518 (and 519),
540, and 572.
×

WEDNESDAY, FEBRUARY 27, 1946
165
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: The Chief Justice, Mr. Justice Black, Mr. Justice Reed,
Mr. Justice Frankfurter, Mr. Justice Douglas, Mr. Justice Murphy,
Mr. Justice Rutledge, and Mr. Justice Burton.
Frank A. Barrett, of Lusk, Wyo.; Harry A. Carson, of Detroit,
Mich.; Irvin Monroe Davis, of Arlington, Mass.; Lawrence H. Smith,
of Racine, Wis.; Harry J. Pasternak, of New York, N. Y.; Marvin
C. Beck, of Baltimore, Md.; Morris Rosenberg, of Baltimore, Md.;
and Marshall Funk, of Bowling Green, Ky., were admitted to practice.
No. 474. United States, appellant, v. Joseph L. Carbone, Vincent
Di Nunno, John Stropparo, et al. Argument continued by Mr. Fred-
erick B. Wiener for the appellant; by Mr. Hammond E. Chaffetz for
appellees, John L. Carbone, et al.; by Mr. Michael Carchia for appellee,
Vincent Di Nunno; and concluded by Mr. Frederick B. Wiener for the
appellant.
No. 452. Commissioner of Internal Revenue, petitioner, v. Charles
T. Fisher et al., Executors of the Estate of Fred J. Fisher, and Burtha
M. Fisher. Argued by Mr. Walter J. Cummings, Jr., for the peti-
tioner and by Mr. R. M. O'Hara for the respondents.
No. 309. Unemployment Compensation Commission of the Terri-
tory of Alaska et al., petitioners, v. Frank L. Aragan and Other Ap-
plicants, Members of Alaska Cannery Workers Union Local No. 5,
et al. Argued by Mr. Marshall P. Madison for the petitioners and by
Mr. Herbert Resner for the respondents.
No. 435. Emory S. Land, Individually and as Chairman of the
United States Maritime Commission, et al., petitioners, v. Waterman
Steamship Corporation. Edward Macauley, Acting Chairman of the
United States Maritime Commission, substituted as a party petitioner
in place of Emory S. Land, resigned, and writ of certiorari dismissed
as to petitioners Kenneth F. Clark, Victor B. Gerard, and W. B.
Van Houten, per stipulation of counsel.
No. 435. Edward Macauley, Individually and as Acting Chairman
of the United States Maritime Commission, et al., petitioners, v. Wa-
terman Steamship Corporation. Argument commenced by Robert L.
Stern for the petitioners.
Adjourned until tomorrow at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Thursday, February 28, will be as follows: Nos.
435, 556 (and 458), 517, 518 (and 519), 572, 605, 540, 616, and
496.
657009-46- -62
Х

THURSDAY, FEBRUARY 28, 1946
166
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: The Chief Justice, Mr. Justice Black, Mr. Justice Reed,
Mr. Justice Frankfurter, Mr. Justice Douglas, Mr. Justice Murphy,
Mr. Justice Rutledge, and Mr. Justice Burton.
Lem L. Reece, of Elizabethton, Tenn.; Judson D. DeRamus, of
Charlotte, N. C.; Milton J. Keegan, of Denver, Colo.; Albert B. Koorie,
of New Orleans, La.; Lars Henry Bengston, of New York. N. Y.;
Charles Elliot Wheeler, of Easton, Md.; Isidore Entes, of New York,
N. Y.; John H. Logan, Jr., of Fort Wayne, Ind.; Walter R. Evans, of
Bridgeport, Calif.; and William B. Crawford, of Chicago, Ill., were
admitted to practice.
No. 435. Edward Macauley, Individually and as Acting Chairman
of the United States Maritime Commission, et al., petitioners, v.
Waterman Steamship Corporation. Argument continued by Mr.
Robert L. Stern for the petitioners and concluded by Mr. U. Bon
Geaslin for the respondent.
No. 556. The Order of United Commercial Travelers of America,
petitioner, v. Edward C. Wolfe. Argument commenced by Mr. Byron
S. Payne for the petitioner, continued by Mr. E. W. Dillon for the
petitioner, and concluded by Mr. Hubbard F. Fellows for the
respondent.
No. 457. Gus Kotteakos and Michael Lekacos, petitioners, v. United
States; and
No. 458. Nathan Regenbogen, petitioner, v. United States. Argued
by Mr. Henry G. Singer for the petitioners and by Mr. W. Marvin
Smith for the respondent.
Adjourned until tomorrow at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Friday, March 1, will be as follows: Nos. 517, 518
(and 519), 572, 605, 540, 616, 496, 278 (and 279, 280, 281,
282), 550, 528 (and 529, 530, 531, 532, and 533).
✓
657009-46-63

FRIDAY, MARCH 1, 1946
167
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: The Chief Justice, Mr. Justice Black, Mr. Justice Reed,
Mr. Justice Frankfurter, Mr. Justice Douglas, Mr. Justice Murphy,
Mr. Justice Rutledge, and Mr. Justice Burton.
Harry Katz, of New York, N. Y.; James William Summers, of
Rusk, Tex.; William L. Guild, Jr., of Wheaton, Ill.; Carl H.
McClure III, of New York, N. Y.; Harry V. Osborne, Jr., of Newark,
N. J.; Richard H. Peterson, of Los Angeles, Calif.; Emilio Torres,
of Manila, P. I.; Howard Henig, of New York, N. Y.; Phillip Tocker,
of Fort Worth, Tex.; Nicholas J. Campbell, Jr., of New York, N. Y.;
Robert H. Kirschman, Jr., of Battle Creek, Mich.; and Seely P.
Forbes, of Rockford, Ill., were admitted to practice.
No. 517. D. A. Schulte, Inc., petitioner, v. Salvatore Gangi, Suing
on Behalf of Himself and Other Employees Similarly Situated.
Argued by Mr. Edwin A. Falk for the petitioner and by Mr. Isidore
Entes for the respondent.
No. 518. Joseph D. McGoldrick, Comptroller of the City of New
York, et al., petitioners, v. Carter & Weekes Stevedoring Company;
and
No. 519. Joseph D. McGoldrick, Comptroller of the City of New
York, et al., petitioners, v. John T. Clark & Son. Lazarus Joseph,
present Comptroller of the City of New York, and Spencer C. Young,
present Treasurer of the City of New York, successors in office of
Joseph D. McGoldrick and Almerindo Portfolio, respectively, substi-
tuted as parties petitioner on motion of Mr. Isaac C. Donner, counsel
for the petitioners.
No. 518. Lazarus Joseph, Comptroller of the City of New York, et
al., petitioners, v. Carter & Weekes Stevedoring Company; and
No. 519. Lazarus Joseph, Comptroller of the City of New York, et
al., petitioners, v. John T. Clark & Son. Argued by Mr. Isaac C.
Donner for the petitioners and by Mr. Samuel M. Lane for the
respondents.
Adjourned until Monday, March 4, next, at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Monday, March 4, will be as follows: Nos. 572,
605, 540, 616, 496, 278 (and 279, 280, 281, 282), 550, 528 (and
529,530,531, 532, 533), 804, and 603.
☑
657009-46–
-64

MONDAY, MARCH 4, 1946
168
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: The Chief Justice, Mr. Justice Black, Mr. Justice Reed,
Mr. Justice Frankfurter, Mr. Justice Douglas, Mr. Justice Murphy,
and Mr. Justice Burton.
Floyd E. Thomas, of Tucson, Ariz.; A. J. Pope, Jr., of Corpus
Christi, Tex.; Walter W. Selvy, of Des Moines, Iowa; John R. Wall,
of Washington, D. C.; Erwin B. Ellman, of Detroit, Mich.; William
J. Fitzsimons, of Boston, Mass.; Henry T. Clement, of Chatham, Va.;
R. Roy Rush, of Roanoke, Va.; Howard C. Gilmer, Jr., of Pulaski, Va.;
Cornelius H. Skinker, Jr., of St. Louis, Mo.; Louis A. Fischl, of Ard-
more, Okla.; Harold W. Glassen, of Lansing, Mich.; H. Allyn Hicks,
Jr., of Denver, Colo.; Thomas W. Champion, of Ardmore, Okla.; Paul
Ginsburg, of Pittsburgh, Pa.; Jack S. Glasser, of New York, N. Y.;
and Rupert B. Turnbull, of Los Angeles, Calif., were admitted to
practice.
No. 418. Jerome F. Duggan, Trustee of the Estates of Christopher
Engineering Company, and National Aircraft Corporation, petitioner,
v. James C. Sansberry, Trustee of the Estate of National Aircraft
Corporation; and
No. 419. National Aircraft Corporation, petitioner, v. James C.
Sansberry, Trustee of the Estate of National Aircraft. Corporation.
On writs of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals
for the Seventh Circuit. Judgment reversed with costs and cases re-
manded to the District Court of the United States for the Southern
District of Indiana for further proceedings in conformity with the
opinion of this Court. Opinion by Mr. Justice Rutledge announced
by Mr. Justice Murphy. Mr. Justice Jackson took no part in the con-
sideration or decision of these cases.
No. 328. Warren W. Wilson, Mabel M. Wilson, Richard L. Craigo,
and Lelia F. Craigo, Partners Doing Business as Wilson Lumber Com-
pany, appellants, v. Otho A. Cook, Commissioner of Revenues for the
State of Arkansas; and
No. 329. Otho A. Cook, Commissioner of Revenues for the State of
Arkansas, petitioner, v. Warren W. Wilson, Mabel M. Wilson, Richard
L. Craigo, and Lelia F. Craigo, Partners Doing Business as Wilson
Lumber Company. Appeal from and writ of certiorari to the
Supreme Court of the State of Arkansas. Appeal in No. 328 dis-
missed for want of jurisdiction and, treating the appeal as a peti-
tion for writ of certiorari, certiorari is granted. Judgment reversed
657009-46-65

MONDAY, MARCH 4, 1946
169
in part and affirmed in part and case remanded to the Supreme Court
for further proceedings not inconsistent with the opinion of this
Court. On the remand the State courts will be free, so far as their
own practice allows, to determine any state questions here involved
and any federal questions not already decided by the opinion of this
Court. Costs in this Court in both cases are to be taxed in favor of
Otho A. Cook, Commissioner of Revenues for the State of Arkansas,
and against Warren W. Wilson et al. Opinion by Mr. Chief Justice
Stone. Mr. Justice Douglas concurs in the result. Dissenting opinion
of Mr. Justice Rutledge announced by Mr. Chief Justice Stone. Mr.
Justice Jackson took no part in the consideration or decision of these
cases.
The following orders were not announced orally by the Chief Jus-
tice but appear on the list certified by him and filed with the Clerk:
No. 95, Misc. Dorsey McMahan, petitioner, v. Tom C. Clark, At-
torney General. The motion for leave to file a petition for writ of
habeas corpus is denied.
No. 704. Irene Morgan, appellant, v. Commonwealth of Virginia.
The motions of the Workers Defense League and the American Civil
Liberties Union for leave to file briefs amici curiae are granted.
No. 696. United States, petitioner, v. Joseph A. Holpuch Com-
pany; and
No. 697. United States, petitioner, v. Joseph A. Holpuch, Com-
pany. Petition for writs of certiorari to the Court of Claims granted.
No. 719. W. Daniel Pinkerton and Walter G. Pinkerton, petition-
ers, v. United States. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit
Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit granted.
No. 692. York Engineering and Construction Company, petitioner,
v. United States; and
No. 783. United States, petitioner, v. York Engineering and Con-
struction Company. Petitions for writs of certiorari to the Court of
Claims denied.
No. 701. United States, petitioner, v. Henry Ericsson Company.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Claims denied.
No. 747. Anthony Teramine, petitioner, v. C. J. Shuttleworth,
Warden, Federal Correctional Institution, Milan, Michigan. Peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of Appeals for the Sixth
Circuit denied.
BM
"
1

MONDAY, MARCH 4, 1946
170
No. 748. United States, petitioner, v. B-W Construction Company.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Claims denied.
No. 762. Roy E. Crummer, Hewen A. Lasseter, Courtney S. Tur-
ney, et al., petitioners, v. United States. Petition for writ of certiorari
to the Circuit Court of Appeals for the Tenth Circuit denied.
No. 775. Frederic W. Procter, petitioner, v. Commissioner of In-
ternal Revenue. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of
Appeals for the Fourth Circuit denied.
Petí--
No. 779. Paul Ginsburg, petitioner, v. Russell H. Adams.
tion for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of the Commonwealth-
of Pennsylvania denied.
No. 814. Manhattan Railway Company and Charles Franklin, petí-
tioners, v. The City of New York et al. Petition for writ of certiorari
to the Circuit Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit denied.
No. 727. Frank J. Lorenz, petitioner, v. Commissioner of Internal
Revenue. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of
Appeals for the Sixth Circuit denied.
No. 733. Steve Tandaric, petitioner, v. United States. Petition for
writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of Appeals for the Seventh
Circuit denied.
No. 717. Rose K. Joyce, petitioner, v. Board of Education of the
City of Chicago. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Appellate
Court of the State of Illinois, First District, denied. Mr. Justice
Murphy is of the opinion that certiorari should be granted.
No. 687. Sylvester Andrews, petitioner, v. Mallory C. Atkinson,
Judge of the Superior Court of Bibb County, Georgia. On petition for
writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Georgia;
No. 698. Sylvester Andrews, petitioner, v. Mallory C. Atkinson,
Judge, Bibb Superior Court. On petition for writ of certiorari to the
Supreme Court of Georgia;
No. 712. Clement Lebedis, petitioner, v. Joseph E. Ragen, Warden,
Illinois State Penitentiary, Joliet, Illinois. On petition for writ of
certiorari to the Supreme Court of Illinois;
No. 720. Mace Taylor, petitioner, v. W. C. Parker, Warden, Mis-
souri State Penitentiary. On petition for writ of certiorari to the
Supreme Court of Missouri;
No. 741. William Wright, petitioner, v. Joseph E. Ragen, Warden,
Illinois State Penitentiary, Joliet, Illinois. On petition for writ of
certiorari to the Criminal Court of Cook County, State of Illinois; and
No. 742. Thomas Feeley, petitioner, v. Joseph E. Ragen, Warden,
Illinois State Penitentiary, Joliet, Illinois. On petition for writ of
certiorari to the Supreme Court of Illinois. The motions for leave to
proceed in forma pauperis in these cases are granted. The petitions
for writs of certiorari are denied.

1
MONDAY, MARCH 4, 1946
171
No. 710. Sylvester Andrews, petitioner, v. Mallory C. Atkinson,
Judge of the Superior Court. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
Supreme Court of Georgia is denied for the reason that application
therefor was not made within the time provided by law. Sec. 8 (a),
Act of February 13, 1925 (43 Stat. 936, 940), 28 U. S. C. 350. The
motion for leave to proceed in forma pauperis is granted.
No. 21. Thomas Martino, petitioner, v. Michigan Window Clean-
ing Company;
No. 152. Frank Canizio, petitioner, v. The People of the State of
New York;
No. 383. Cecil L. Wright, petitioner, v. James A. Johnston,
Warden, United States Penitentiary, Alcatraz, California;
No. 703. The Hudson Coal Company, petitioner, v. Arja Watkins,
Roger G. Westgate, et al.; and
No. 705. The Federal National Bank of Shawnee, Oklahoma,
Guardian of the Estate of Minnie O. Cammack, an Incompetent
Person, petitioner v. New York Life Insurance Company. The petiti-
tions for rehearing in these cases are denied.
No. 112. Herbert M. Gregory, petitioner, v. United States. The
motion for leave to file a third petition for rehearing is denied. Mr.
Justice Burton took no part in the consideration or decision of this
application.
No. 115. United States, petitioner, v. William R. Johnson; and
No. 116. United States, petitioner, v. Jack Sommers, James A.
Hartigan, William P. Kelly, et al. The petition for rehearing is
denied. Mr. Justice Murphy took no part in the consideration or
decision of this application.
The Court will take a recess from Monday, March 11, until Monday,
March 25, next.
Mr. Justice Jackson took no part in the consideration or decision of
the cases in which judgments or orders are this day announced.
No. 891. Cecil McKown, petitioner, v. State of Florida. Time
within which to make service under Rule 38 extended to and includ-
ing April 1, 1946, on application of counsel for the petitioner.
No. 572. James Louis Girouard, petitioner, v. United States.
Argued by Mr. Homer Cummings and Mr. William D. Donnelly for
the petitioner and by Mr. Frederick Bernays Wiener for the re-
spondent.

MONDAY, MARCH 4, 1946
172
No. 605. Jacob Siegel Company, petitioner, v. Federal Trade Com-
mission. Argued by Mr. Robert T. McCracken for the petitioner and
by Mr. Ralph F. Fuchs for the respondent.
Adjourned until tomorrow at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Tuesday, March 5, will be as follows: Nos. 540, 616,
496, 278 (and 279, 280, 281, 282), 550, 528 (and 529, 530, 531,
532, 533), 804, 603, 707, and 704.
☑

TUESDAY, MARCH 5, 1946
173
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present The Chief Justice, Mr. Justice Black, Mr. Justice Reed,
Mr. Justice Frankfurter, Mr. Justice Douglas, Mr. Justice Murphy,
Mr. Justice Rutledge, and Mr. Justice Burton.
Joseph H. Wendel, of Milwaukee, Wis.; William E. Nuessle, of New
York, N. Y.; William J. Steeger, of Houston, Tex.; Michael M.
Kearney, of Des Moines, Iowa; Alexander M. Lewis, of New York,
N. Y.; John C. Masson, of Baltimore, Md.; Everett B. Comer, of Fort
Worth, Tex.; James E. Whitmore, of Fort Worth, Tex.; Elmer J.
Kelsey, of New York, N. Y.; Nicholas A. Draim, of Washington,
D. C.; Concepcion A. Aguila, of Manila, P. I.; Clarence R. Reardon,
of Baltimore, Md.; George H. Harvey, of Miami, Fla.; and Julius
L. Neidle, of New Work, N. Y., were admitted to practice.
No. 714. United States, petitioner, v. Edmund Carl Heine. Time
within which to make service under Rule 38 extended to and including
April 1, 1946, on application of Mr. Solicitor General McGrath.
No. 540. Dr. Furman Angel, petitioner, v. W. H. Bullington.
Argued by Mr. G. Lyle Jones for the petitioner and by Mr. R. Roy
Rush for the respondent.
No. 616. McAllister Lighterage Line, Inc., appellant, v. The United
States and The Interstate Commerce Commission. Argued by Mr.
Roman Beck for the appellant and by Mr. Walter J. Cummings, Jr.
for the appellees.
No. 496. M. E. Heiser, petitioner, v. Willie Mae Woodruff et al.
Argument commenced by Mr. Leonard J. Meyberg for the petitioner,
continued by Mr. Louis A. Fischl for the respondents, and concluded
by Mr. Rupert B. Turnbull for the petitioner.
No. 278. Reconstruction Finance Corporation et al., petitioners, v.
The Denver and Rio Grande Western Railroad Company et al.;
No. 279. Reconstruction Finance Corporation et al., petitioners, v.
The Denver and Salt Lake Western Railroad Company et al.;
No. 280. Reconstruction Finance Corporation et al., petitioners, v.
City Bank Farmers Trust Company, Trustee, et al.;
657009-46- -66

TUESDAY, MARCH 5, 1946
174
No. 281. Reconstruction Finance Corporation et al., petitioners, v.
The Denver and Rio Grande Western Railroad Company et al.; and
No. 282. Reconstruction Finance Corporation et al., petitioners, v.
Guy A. Thompson, Trustee, et al. Three and one-half hours allowed
for oral argument. Argument commenced by Mr. George D. Gibson
for the petitioners.
Adjourned until tomorrow at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Wednesday, March 6, will be as follows: Nos. 278
(and 279, 280, 281, 282), 550, 528 (and 529, 530, 531, 532,
533), 804, 603, 707, and 704.
!...

WEDNESDAY, MARCH 6, 1946
175
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: The Chief Justice, Mr. Justice Black, Mr. Justice Reed,
Mr. Justice Frankfurter, Mr. Justice Douglas, Mr. Justice Murphy,
Mr. Justice Rutledge, and Mr. Justice Burton.
Warren Edward Slaughter, of Los Angeles, Calif.; J. W. Arbuth-
not, of Marion, Ala.; Nathan Beach Bidwell, of Boston, Mass.; Clar-
ence A. Barnes, of Mansfield, Mass.; Paul W. Mahady, of Latrobe,
Pa.; Paul A. Barron, of Boston, Mass.; William Mann Morrison, of
Atlanta, Ga.; and Moncure Camper O'Neal, of Birmingham, Ala.,
were admitted to practice.
No. 278. Reconstruction Finance Corporation et al., petitioners, v.
The Denver and Rio Grande Western Railroad Company et al.;
No. 279. Reconstruction Finance Corporation et al., petitioners, v.
The Denver and Salt Lake Western Railroad Company et al.;
No. 280. Reconstruction Finance Corporation et al., petitioners, v.
City Bank Farmers Trust Company, Trustee, et al.;
No. 281. Reconstruction Finance Corporation et al., petitioners, v.
The Denver and Rio Grande Western Railroad Company et al.; and
No. 282. Reconstruction Finance Corporation et al., petitioners, v.
Guy A. Thompson, Trustee, et al. Argument continued by Mr. George
D. Gibson for the petitioners; by Mr. Edward E. Watts, Jr., for re-
spondent, City Bank Farmers Trust Company, Trustee, etc.; by Mr.
Frank C. Nicodemus, Jr., for respondent, Denver and Rio Grande
Western Railroad Company; and concluded by Mr. George D. Gibson
for the petitioners. Case submitted by Mr. H. H. Larimore for re-
spondent, Guy A. Thompson, Trustee of Missouri Pacific Railway
Company.
No. 550. Walter A. Lavender, Administrator De Bonis Non of the
Estate of L. E. Haney, Deceased, petitioner, v. J. M. Kurn et al.,
Trustees of St. Louis-San Francisco Railway Company, Debtor, et al.
Argument commenced by Mr. N. Murray Edwards for the petitioner.
Adjourned until tomorrow at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Thursday, March 7, will be as follows: Nos. 550,
528 (and 529,530, 531, 532, 533), 804, 603, 707, and 704.
✓
657009-46-67
F

THURSDAY, MARCH 7, 1946
176
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: The Chief Justice, Mr. Justice Black, Mr. Justice Reed,
Mr. Justice Frankfurter, Mr. Justice Douglas, Mr. Justice Murphy,
Mr. Justice Rutledge, and Mr. Justice Burton.
Daniel J. Flood, of Wilkes-Barre, Pa.; James H. Eldridge, of Knox-
ville, Tenn.; John Donovan, of Reno, Nev.; Hobart S. Bird, of New
York, N. Y.; Luther E. Jones, Jr., of Corpus Christi, Tex.; T. C.
Callison, of Columbia, S. C.; Gustav H. Dongus, of Indianapolis,
Ind.; Edward P. Morgan, of Kansas City, Mo.; Melvin A. Hardies,
of Chicago, Ill.; Carl W. Funk, of Philadelphia, Pa.; Clifford H.
Domke, of New York, N. Y.; William F. Delaney, Jr., of New York,
N. Y.; and Leroy G. Denman, Jr., of San Antonio, Tex., were admitted
to practice.
No. 550. Walter A. Lavender, Administrator De Bonix Non of the
Estate of L. E. Haney, Deceased, petitioner, v. J. M. Kurn et al.,
Trustees of St. Louis-San Francisco Railway Company, Debtor, et al.
Argument continued by Mr. William R. Gentry for the respondent,
Illinois Central Railroad Company; by Mr. Cornelius H. Skinker, Jr.,
for the respondent, J. M. Kurn et al., Trustees of St. Louis-San Fran-
cisco Railway Company, Debtor; and concluded by Mr. N. Murray
Edwards for the petitioner.
No. 528. United States ex rel. Tennessee Valley Authority, peti-
tioner, v. S. Columbus Welch;
No. 529. United States ex rel. Tennessee Valley Authority, peti-
tioner, v. John Burns et al.;
No. 530. United States ex rel. Tennessee Valley Authority, peti-
tioner, v. Fred Lollis et al.;
No. 531. United States ex rel. Tennessee Valley Authority, peti-
tioner, v. Arnold E. Bradshaw et al.;
No. 532. United States ex rel. Tennessee Valley Authority, peti-
tioner, v. Philip G. Rust et al.; and
No. 533. United States ex rel. Tennessee Valley Authority,peti-
tioner, v. Abraham Cole Hyatt et al. Argued by Mr. Joseph C.
Swidler for the petitioner; by Mr. George H. Ward for respondents
in Nos. 529 to 533, inclusive, and by Mr. McKinley Edwards for
respondent in No. 528.
657009-46-68

THURSDAY, MARCH 7, 1946
177
No. 804. Kenneth W. Colegrove, Peter J. Chamales, and Kenneth
C. Sears, appellants, v. Dwight H. Green, as a Member, Ex-Officio of
the Primary Certifying Board of the State of Illinois, et al. Argu-
ment commenced by Mr. Urban A. Lavery for the appellants.
Adjourned until tomorrow at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Friday, March 8, will be as follows: Nos. 804,
603, and 707.
✓

FRIDAY, MARCH 8, 1946
178
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: The Chief Justice, Mr. Justice Black, Mr. Justice Reed,
Mr. Justice Frankfurter, Mr. Justice Douglas, Mr. Justice Murphy,
Mr. Justice Rutledge, and Mr. Justice Burton.
Arthur H. Fruechtenicht, of Fort Wayne, Ind.; Ralph M. Freeman,
of Flint, Mich.; Marcus Ginsburg, of Forth Worth, Tex.; Helen B.
Arthur, of Washington, D. C.; William Reed Arthur, Jr., of Boulder,
Colo.; Harold D. Beatty, of New York, N. Y.; Wade Goble, of Phila-
delphia, Pa.; Daniel S. Ring, of Washington, D. C.; William Brecht
Hanback, of Washington, D. C.; Thomas F. Daly, of New York, N. Y.;
Benjamin H. Long, of Detroit, Mich.; Francis J. Kelly, of Washing-
ton, D. C.; Elizabeth C. Kelly, of Washington, D. C.; and J. Louis
O'Connor, of Washington, D. C., were admitted to practice.
No. 631. Lee Van Woods, petitioner, v. Walter Nierstheimer,
Warden, Illinois State Penitentiary, Menard, Illinois; and
No. 671. Lee Van Woods, petitioner, v. Walter Nierstheimer,
Warden, Illinois State Penitentiary, Menard, Illinois. It is ordered
that Edward H. Levi, Esquire, of Chicago, Illinois, be and he is here-
by, appointed to serve as counsel for petitioner in these cases.
No. 804. Kenneth W. Colegrove, Peter J. Chamales, and Kenneth
C. Sears, appellants, v. Dwight H. Green, As a Member Ex-Officio of
the Primary Certifying Board of the State of Illinois, et al. Argu-
ment continued by Mr. William C. Wines for the appelles and con-
cluded by Mr. Urban A. Lavery for the appellants.
No. 603. First Iowa Hydro-Electric Co-Operative, petitioner, v.
Federal Power Commission et al. Argued by Mr. David W. Robinson
for the petitioner; by Mr. Howard E. Wahrenbrock for the respond-
ent, Federal Power Commission; and by Mr. Neill Garrett for the
intervenor, The State of Iowa.
No. 707. The Prudential Insurance Company, appellant, v. L.
George Benjamin, as Insurance Commissioner of the State of South
Carolina. Argument commenced by Mr. Joseph W. Henderson for
the appellant.
Adjourned until Monday, March 11, next, at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Monday, March 11, will be No. 707.
☑
657009-46-69

MONDAY, MARCH 11, 1946
179
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: The Chief Justice, Mr. Justice Black, Mr. Justice Reed,
Mr. Justice Frankfurter, Mr. Justice Douglas, Mr. Justice Murphy,
Mr. Justice Rutledge, and Mr. Justice Burton.
Patrick J. Morrow, Jr., of Logan, Iowa; John Robert Day, of
Washington, Iowa; John T. Grigsby, of Richmond, Va.; Charles E.
Grover, of Denver, Colo.; J. W. Maxwell, of Beckley, W. Va.; Floyd
M. Sayre, of Beckley, W. Va.; Thomas C. Crowther, of Fall River,
Mass.; Leo E. Sherry, of Salem, Mass.; Chas. Landesman, of New
York, N. Y.; Bruce B. Greene, of Homerville, Ga.; Milton Carl Denbo,
of Washington, D. C.; M. Robert Deo, of Washington, D. C.; Robert B.
Curry, of Columbus, Ohio; Walter Wilson Hanes, of East Liverpool,
Ohio; William B. Kuder, of Oakland, Calif.; Marion Davies, of Mil-
waukee, Wis.; David M. Markowitz, of New York, N. Y.; Wm. E.
Comer, of Greensboro, N. C.; Cornelius G. DeLoca, of New York,
N. Y.; Charles D. Pennebaker, of Washington, D. C.; Warren A.
Palmer, of San Francisco, Calif.; William P. Cassedy, of Brookhaven,
Miss.; Richard P. Jackson, of New York, N. Y.; A. Milton Miller, of
Baltimore, Md.; John Geyer Tausig, of Arlington, Va.; and Nathaniel
H. Janes, of New York, N. Y., were admitted to practice.
No. 74. The United States of America, Interstate Commerce Com-
mission, Consolidated Freightways, Inc., et al., appellants, v. Pierce
Auto Freight Lines, Inc., Los Angeles-Seattle Motor Express, Angelo
Colletti, Pacific Motor Trucking Company, et al. Appeal from the
District Court of the United States for the District of Oregon. Decree
reversed and case remanded to the District Court for further pro-
ceedings in conformity with the opinion of this Court. Opinion by
Mr. Justice Rutledge. Dissenting: Mr. Justice Douglas. Mr. Justice
Jackson took no part in the consideration or decision of this case.
No. 452. Commissioner of Internal Revenue, petitioner, v. Charles
T. Fisher, Edward F. Fisher, and Leo M. Butzel, Executors of the
Estate of Fred J. Fisher, and Burtha M. Fisher. On writ of cer-
tiorari to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Sixth
Circuit. Judgment reversed and case remanded to the Circuit Court
of Appeals for further proceedings in conformity with the opinion
of this Court. Opinion by Mr. Justice Black. Mr. Justice Jackson
took no part in the consideration or decision of this case.
657009-46--70

MONDAY, MARCH 11, 1946
The Chief Justice announced the following orders of the Court:
180
No. 803. Austin F. Akin, appellant, v. United States, Interstate
Commerce Commission, Herrin Transportation Company, et al. Ap-
peal from the District Court of the United States for the Western
District of Louisiana. Per curiam: The motion to affirm is granted
and the judgment is affirmed.
No. 817. David Elmer Hartshorn, appellant, v. Robert X. Kuzmier
and Richard C. Cotter. Appeal from the District Court of the United
States for the Eastern District of New York. Per curiam: The ap-
peal is dismissed for want of a properly presented substantial federal
question.
No. 402. Bruce's Juices, Inc., petitioner, v. American Can Com-
pany. The petition for rehearing in this case is granted and the case
is restored to the docket for reargument before a full bench. The mo-
tion to withhold issuance of the mandate is also granted.
No. 410. Alpine MacGregor, petitioner, v. Westinghouse Electric
& Manufacturing Company. The petition for rehearing in this case
is granted and the case is restored to the docket for reargument before
a full bench. The issuance of the mandate is stayed.
The following orders were not announced orally by the Chief Justice
but appear on the list certified by him and filed with the Clerk:
The
No. 74, Misc. Ernest Lopez, petitioner, v. United States.
motion for leave to file a petition for writ of certiorari is denied.
No. 97, Misc. John Factor, petitioner, v. G. W. Humphrey, Warden,
etc.; and
No. 99, Misc. Cassius M. McDonald, petitioner, v. Walter A.
Hunter, Warden, etc. The motions for leave to file petitions for writs
of habeas corpus are denied.
No. 98, Misc. Mrs. Wm. Fraser, petitioner, v. United States. The
application is denied.
No. 625. Cecil I. Hust, petitioner, v. Moore-McCormack Lines, Inc.
The motion of the National Maritime Union of America for leave to
file brief amicus curiae is' granted.
No. 67. Thomas Paper Stock Company et al., petitioners, v. Chester
Bowles, Price Administrator;
No. 393. Christine Collins, A. J. Cummins, Yancey Lee Cummins,
and Edward J. Miller, petitioners, v. Chester Bowles, Price Ad-
ministrator;

MONDAY, MARCH 11, 1946
181
No. 400. Utah Junk Company, petitioner, v. Chester Bowles, Price
Administrator;
No. 578. Thomas Paper Stock Company et al., petitioners, v.
Chester Bowles, Administrator, Office of Price Administration;
No. 793. Chester Bowles, Administrator, Office of Price Adminis-
tration, petitioner, v. Warner Holding Company;
No. 805. Julian Lentin, Doing Business as J. Lentin Lumber Com-
pany, petitioner, v. Chester A. Bowles, Administrator, Office of Price
Administration;
No. 826. William Leithold.and Emily Leithold, Individually and
as Co-Partners Trading as Custom Maid Brassiere Company, peti-
tioners, v. Chester Bowles, Administrator, Office of Price Administra-
tion; and
No. 870. Stanley Taylor and Evelyn Flynn, petitioners, v. Chester
Bowles, Administrator, Office of Price Administration. The motions
to substitute Paul A. Porter, Price Administrator, in the place of
Chester Bowles, resigned, are granted.
No. 793. Paul A. Porter, Administrator, Office of Price Adminis-
tration, petitioner, v. Warner Holding Company. Petition for writ
of certiorari to the Circuit Court of Appeals for the Eighth Circuit
granted.
No. 763. Hugh Greer Carruthers, petitioner, v. United States.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of Appeals for the
Seventh Circuit denied.
No. 772. William V. Bicanic, Frank Akar, George Elich, et al., peti-
tioners, v. J. C. Campbell Company; and
No. 773. Harry Czupiy, Steve Geswine, Walter L. Carlson, et al.,
petitioners, v. North Star Timber Company. Petition for writs of
certiorari to the Supreme Court of Minnesota denied.
No. 774. James E. Markham, as Alien Property Custodian, peti-
tioner, v. Constantinos G. Kallimanis et al. Petition for writ of cer-
tiorari to the Circuit Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit denied.
No. 781. Industrial Trust Company et al., Executors, petitioners, v.
Commissioner of Internal Revenue. Petition for writ of certiorari
to the Circuit Court of Appeals for the First Circuit denied.
.
No. 788. Maurice D. Adams, Sylvia Jacobs, Martin Lasher, et al.,
petitioners, v. United States Distributing Corporation, The Pittston
Company et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court
of Appeals of the Commonwealth of Virginia denied.

MONDAY, MARCH 11, 1946
182
No. 794. United States, On the Relation of Raymond J. Nitkey
and Raymond J. Nitkey in His Own Behalf, petitioner, v. Charles
G. Dawes et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court
of Appeals for the Seventh Circuit denied.
'No. 795. Bankers Trust Company, as Trustee, et al., petitioners, v.
The People of the State of New York. Petition for writ of certiorari
to the Circuit Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit denied.
No. 798. Harold M. Steiner, petitioner, v. United States; and
No. 799. Jonas A. Miller, petitioner, v. United States. Petitions
for writs of certiorari to the Circuit Court of Appeals for the Seventh
Circuit denied.
No. 815. Provident Trust Company of Philadelphia, petitioner, v.
The Metropolitan Casualty Insurance Company of New York; and
No. 816. Provident Trust Company of Philadelphia, Trustee, peti-
tioner, v. The Metropolitan Casualty Insurance Company of New York.
Petitions for writs of certiorari to the Circuit Court of Appeals for
the Third Circuit denied.
No. 827. Edith Vandevoir, petitioner, v. Southeastern Greyhound
Lines. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of Appeals
for the Seventh Circuit denied.
No. 676. Ralph Swihart, petitioner, v. James A. Johnston, Warden,
United States Penitentiary, Alcatraz, California. The motion to dis-
pense with the printing of the petition and record is granted. The
petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of Appeals for the
Ninth Circuit is denied.
No. 800. State of Florida ex rel. H. Leslie Quigg, petitioner, v.
Charles O. Nelson. The motion to dispense with the printing of the
record is granted. The petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme
Court of Florida is denied.
No. 606. Leroy Odom, petitioner, v. United States. The motion
for leave to proceed in forma pauperis is granted. The petition for
writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit
is also granted.
No. 454. Albert W. Krause, petitioner, v. Howard B. Gill, General
Superintendent and Edward J. Welch, Superintendent. On petition
for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the
District of Columbia;
No. 654. Clara Dellar, petitioner, v. Samuel Goldwyn, Inc., Samuel
Goldwyn, Eddie Cantor, and United Artists Corporation; and
11

MONDAY, MARCH 11, 1946
183
No. 655. Clara Dellar, petitioner, v. Samuel Goldwyn, Inc., Samuel
Goldwyn, Eddie Cantor, and United Artists Corporation.
On peti-
tion for writs of certiorari to the Circuit Court of Appeals for the
Second Circuit;
No. 656. Pat Duggan, petitioner, v. Neil Olson, Warden, etc. On
petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Nebraska;
No. 658. James Grierson, petitioner, v. Stanley P. Ashe, Warden,
etc., et al.;
No. 659. James Grierson, petitioner, v. Stanley P. Ashe, Warden,
etc. et al. On petition for writs of certiorari to the Supreme Court
of the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania;
No. 665. Scott Lantz, petitioner, v. Joseph E. Ragen, Warden, etc.
On petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of Macon
County, State of Illinois;
No. 683. James Hawley, petitioner, v. Joseph E. Ragen, Warden,
etc.;
No. 738. Tony Marino, petitioner, v. Joseph E. Ragen, Warden, etc.;
No. 739. Leon E. Tuttle, petitioner, v. Joseph E. Ragen, Warden,
etc. On petitions for writs of certiorari to the Supreme Court of
Illinois;
No. 743. Edward Spensky, petitioner, v. Stanley P. Ashe, Warden,
etc. On petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of the
Commonwealth of Pennsylvania;
No. 752. David E. Marr, petitioner, v. People of the State of Illi-
nois;
No. 760. Jerome Hensley, petitioner, v. Walter Nierstheimer,
Warden, etc. On petitions for writs of certiorari to the Supreme
Court of Illinois;
No. 766. Earl Spencer, petitioner, v. Joseph E. Ragen, Warden,
etc. On petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of Will
County, State of Illinois;
No. 768. Elmer Atkins, petitioner, v. People of the State of Illi-
nois;
No. 777. Lew Palmer, petitioner, v. Joseph E. Ragen, Warden, etc.
On petitions for writs of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Illinois;
No. 778. George Taylor, petitioner, v. Joseph E. Ragen, Warden,
etc. On petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of Will
County, State of Illinois;
No. 780. William Wright, petitioner, v. People of the State of
Illinois;
No. 785. Harry Lee Baldridge, petitioner, v. Walter Nierstheimer,
Warden, etc.;
No. 806. George Ross Wagner, petitioner, v. Joseph E. Ragen,
Warden, etc. On petitions for writs of certiorari to the Supreme
Court of Illinois;

MONDAY, MARCH 11, 1946
184
No. 807. Robert Coleman, petitioner, v. Joseph E. Ragen, Warden,
etc. On petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of Will
County, State of Illinois;
No. 820. Gregory Taylor, petitioner, v. Walter Nierstheimer,
Warden, etc.;
No. 829. Riley Simmons, petitioner, v. Walter Nierstheimer,
Warden, etc.;
No. 836. Richard Armstrong, petitioner, v. Joseph E. Ragen,
Warden, etc.;
No. 842. Grady Crowley, petitioner, v. The People of the State of
Illinois. On petitions for writs of certiorari to the Supreme Court of
Illinois; and
No. 761. William Pease, petitioner, v. W. C. Parker, Warden, etc.
On petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Missouri.
The motions for leave to proceed in forma pauperis in these cases are
granted. The petitions for writs of certiorari are denied.
No. 776. Willie Humble, petitioner, v. Joseph E. Ragen, Warden,
etc. On petition for writ of certiorari to the Criminal Court of Cook
County, State of Illinois. The motion for leave to proceed in forma
pauperis is granted. The petition for writ of certiorari is denied for
the reason that application therefor was not made within the time
provided by law. Sec. 8 (a), Act of February 13, 1925 (43 Stat. 936,
940), 28 U. S. C., Sec. 350.
No. 723. Republic Pictures Corporation, appellant, v. Francis
Kappler. The petition for rehearing in this case is denied.
No. 653. Gas Ridge, Inc., petitioner, v. Suburban Agricultural
Properties, Inc. The motion for leave to file a second petition for
rehearing is granted. The second petition for rehearing is denied.
Mr. Justice Rutledge took no part in the consideration or decision of
this application.
Mr. Justice Jackson took no part in the consideration or decision of
the cases in which judgments or orders are this day announced.
No. 769. Queenside Hills Realty Co., Inc., appellant, v. William
Wilson, as Commissioner of Housing and Buildings of the City of
New York. T. Newton Saxl, present Commissioner of Housing and
Buildings of the City of New York, successor in office of William
Wilson, substituted as the party appellee per stipulation of counsel.
No. 707. The Prudential Insurance Company, appellant, v. L.
George Benjamin, as Insurance Commissioner of the State of South
$1
14

MONDAY, MARCH 11, 1946
185
Carolina. Argument continued by Mr. Joseph W. Henderson for the
appellant; by Mr. T. C. Callison and Mr. David W. Robinson for the
appellee; by Mr. C. H. Foust for the State of Indiana and other States,
as amici curiae, by special leave of Court; and concluded by Mr.
Joseph W. Henderson for the appellant.
Adjourned until Monday, March 25, next, at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Monday, March 25, will be as follows: Nos. 349,
361, 428, 447, 625, 675, 636, 627, 704, and 769.
Is
기아
J

MONDAY, MARCH 25, 1946
186
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: The Chief Justice, Mr. Justice Black, Mr. Justice Reed,
Mr. Justice Frankfurter, Mr. Justice Douglas, Mr. Justice Murphy,
Mr. Justice Rutledge, and Mr. Justice Burton.
John Allison Duncan, of Cleveland, Ohio; Stonewall Shepherd
Tate, of Memphis, Tenn.; Edward S. Maddox, of Harrisburg, Ark.;
Leonard A. Goldberg, of Sylacauga, Ala.; Moses L. Kove, of Hurleys-
ville, N. Y.; Joseph S. Rippey, of Rochester, N. Y.; James A. Shanley,
of New Haven, Conn.; John N. Osterud, of Spring Valley, Minn.;
George E. McConley, of Denver, Colo.; Ralph Carlisle Smith, of Los
Alamos, N. Mex.; Carl Shapiro, of Hempstead, N. Y.; Harry Stone
Strozier, of Macon, Ga.; W. V. T. Justis, of Charlottesville, Va.;
Louis C. Guidry, of New Orleans, La.; H. J. Bernard, of Houston,
Tex.; Sidney N. Zipser, of New York, N. Y.; George Radin, of Wash-
ington, D. C.; Gaylord Davis, of New York, N. Y.; Ivores Roy Dains,
of San Francisco, Calif.; Morris H. Sachs, of Chicago, Ill.; Una Rita
Morris, of Washington, D. C.; Reginald Parker, of Washington,
D. C.; Adolphus W. D. Gronningsater, of New York, N. Y.; and Allen
Spivock, of San Francisco, Calif., were admitted to practice.
No. 160, October Term 1944. Elgin, Joliet and Eastern Railway
Company, petitioner, v. G. W. Burley et al. On writ of certiorari
to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Seventh Circuit.
(On rehearing.) Judgment reaffirmed with costs and case remanded
to the District Court of the United States for the Northern District
of Illinois for further proceedings consistent with the present opinion
of this Court and also the previous opinion of this Court filed June
11, 1945. Opinion by Mr. Justice Rutledge. Dissenting opinion by
Mr. Justice Frankfurter in which Mr. Chief Justice Stone and Mr.
Justice Burton concur. Mr. Justice Jackson took no part in the con-
sideration or decision of this case on the reargument.
No. 198. M. Kraus & Bros., Inc., petitioner, v. The United States of
America. On writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of
Appeals for the Second Circuit. Judgment reversed and case re-
manded to the District Court of the United States for the Southern
District of New York for a new trial in conformity with the opinion
of this Court. Mr. Justice Murphy announced the conclusion and
judgment of the Court. Concurring opinion by Mr. Justice Douglas.
657009-46-71
1

MONDAY, MARCH 25, 1946
187
Concurring opinion by Mr. Justice Rutledge in which Mr. Justice
Frankfurter joins. Dissenting opinion by Mr. Justice Black in which
Mr. Justice Reed and Mr. Justice Burton join. Mr. Justice Jackson
took no part in the consideration or decision of this case.
No. 474. The United States of America, appellant, v. Joseph L.
Carbone, Vincent DiNunno, John Stropparo, and Wantee Huhtaniemi.
On appeal from the District Court of the United States for the Dis-
trict of Massachusetts. Judgment affirmed. Opinion by Mr. Justice
Murphy. Dissenting opinion by Mr. Justice Frankfurter in which
Mr. Chief Justice Stone and Mr. Justice Burton concur. Mr. Justice
Jackson took no part in the consideration or decision of this case.
No. 550. Walter A. Lavender, Administrator De Bonis Non of the
Estate of L. E. Haney, Deceased, petitioner, v. J. M. Kurn et al.,
Trustees of St. Louis-San Francisco Railway Company, Debtor, and
Illinois Central Railroad Company. On writ of certiorari to the
Supreme Court of the State of Missouri: Judgment reversed with
costs and case remanded to the Supreme Court for whatever further
proceedings may be necessary not inconsistent with the opinion of
this Court. Opinion by Mr. Justice Murphy. The Chief Justice and
Mr. Justice Frankfurter concur in the result. Dissenting: Mr. Justice
Reed. Mr. Justice Jackson took no part in the consideration or
decision of this case.
No. 616. McAllister Lighterage Line, Inc., appellant, v. The United
States of America and the Interstate Commerce Commission. Appeal
from the District Court of the United States for the Southern Dis-
trict of New York. Decree affirmed. Opinion by Mr. Justice Murphy.
Dissenting: Mr. Justice Black, Mr. Justice Douglas, and Mr. Justice
Rutledge. Mr. Justice Jackson took no part in the consideration or
decision of this case.
No. 448. American Federation of Labor, Metal Trades Depart-
ment, A. F. of L.; Florida State Federation of Labor et al., appellants,
v. J. Tom Watson, as Attorney General of the State of Florida, et al.
Appeal from the District Court of the United States for the Southern
District of Florida. Decree reversed and case remanded to the Dis-
trict Court with directions to retain the bill pending the determina-
tion of proceedings in the state courts in conformity with the opinion
of this Court. The motion of the Cigar Manufacturers Association
of Tampa to dismiss the appeal as to it is granted. Opinion by
Mr. Justice Douglas. Dissenting opinion by Mr. Chief Justice
Stone. Opinion by Mr. Justice Murphy dissenting in part. Mr.
Justice Jackson took no part in the consideration or decision of this
case.
No. 605. Jacob Siegel Company, petitioner, v. Federal Trade Com-
mission. On writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court

MONDAY, MARCH 25, 1946
188
of Appeals for the Third Circuit. Judgment reversed and case
remanded to the Circuit Court of Appeals for further proceedings
in conformity with the opinion of this Court. Opinion by Mr. Justice
Douglas. Mr. Justice Jackson took no part in the consideration or
decision of this case.
No. 254. S. R. A., Inc., petitioner, v. State of Minnesota; and
No. 255. S. R. A., Inc., petitioner, v. State of Minnesota. On
writs of certiorari to the Supreme Court of the State of Minnesota.
Judgments affirmed with costs. Opinion by Mr. Justice Reed. Con-
curring opinion by Mr. Chief Justice Stone in which Mr. Justice
Frankfurter joins. Concurring opinion by Mr. Justice Frankfurter.
Mr. Justice Jackson took no part in the consderation or decision of
these cases.
No. 424. Kennecott Copper Corporation, petitioner, v. State Tax
Commission; and J. Lambert Gibson, Roscoe E. Hammond, Milton
Twitchell, and Heber Bennion, Jr., Constituting Said State Tax Com-
mission; and
No. 425. Silver King Coalition Mines Company, petitioner, v. State
Tax Commission; and J. Lambert Gibson, Roscoe E. Hammond,
Milton Twitchell, and Heber Bennion, Jr., Constituting Said State
Tax Commission. On writs of certiorari to the United States Circuit
Court of Appeals for the Tenth Circuit. Judgments affirmed with
costs and cases remanded to the District Court of the United States
for the District of Utah. Opinion by Mr. Justice Reed. Dissenting
opinion by Mr. Justice Frankfurter in which Mr. Justice Douglas
and Mr. Justice Burton concur. The Chief Justice and Mr. Justice
Jackson took no part in the consideration or decision of these cases.
No. 187. Cherry Cotton Mills, Inc., petitioner, v. The United States.
On writ of certiorari to the Court of Claims. Judgment affirmed.
Opinion by Mr. Justice Black. Mr. Justice Jackson took no part in
the consideration or decision of this case.
No. 435. Edward Macauley, Individually and as Acting Chairman
of the United States Maritime Commission, et al., petitioners, v. Wa-
terman Steamship Corporation. On writ of certiorari to the United
States Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia. Judgment re-
versed and case remanded to the District Court of the United States
for the District of Columbia for proceedings in conformity with the
opinion of this Court. Opinion by Mr. Justice Black. Mr. Justice
Douglas concurs in the result. Mr. Justice Jackson took no part in
the consideration or decision of this case.
No. 528. The United States of America ex rel. Tennessee Valley
Authority, petitioner, v. S. Columbus Welch ;
No. 529. The United States of America ex rel. Tennessee Valley
Authority, petitioner, v. John Burns et al.;
#
יד
shan

MONDAY, MARCH 25, 1946
189
No. 530. The United States of America ex rel. Tennessee Valley
Authority, petitioner, v. Fred Lollis et al.;
No. 531. The United States of America ex rel. Tennessee Valley
Authority, petitioner, v. Arnold E. Bradshaw et al.;
No. 532. The United States of America ex rel. Tennessee Valley
Authority, petitioner, v. Philip G. Rust et al.; and
No. 533. The United States of America, ex rel. Tennessee Valley
Authority, petitioner, v. Abraham Cole Hyatt et al. On writs of
certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the
Fourth Circuit. Judgments reversed and cases remanded to the Dis-
trict Court of the United States for the Western District of North
Carolina for further proceedings in conformity with the opinion of
this Court. Opinion by Mr. Justice Black. Concurring opinion by
Mr. Justice Reed in which the Chief Justice joins. Concurring opin-
ion by Mr. Justice Frankfurter. Mr. Justice Jackson took no part
in the consideration or decision of these cases.
The Chief Justice announced the following order of the Court:
No. 917. Gustafus V. Iversen, Edward Widmayer, P. J. Cancelmo,
et al., appellants, v. The United States of America, Interstate Com-
merce Commission et al. Appeal from the District Court of the
United States for the District of Columbia. Per curiam: The mo-
tion to affirm is granted and the judgment is affirmed.
The following orders were not announced orally by the Chief Jus-
tice but appear on the list certified by him and filed with the Clerk:
No. 100, Misc. Edward S. Fortune, petitioner, v. Colonel L. F.
Verdel. The motion for leave to file a petition for writ of habeas
corpus is denied.
No. 101, Misc. Earl W. Morse, petitioner, v. Division of Correction
of the Department of Public Safety of Illinois. The motion for
leave to file a petition for writ of mandamus is denied.
No. 102, Misc. Richard Vanderwater, petitioner, v. City National
Bank of Kankakee, Illinois, as Executor, etc.; and
No. 103, Misc. In the Matter of Hallie M. Brubaker. The appli-
cations are denied.
No. 864. Richfield Oil Corporation, appellant, v. State Board of
Equalization. Further consideration of the question of the jurisdic-
tion of this Court in this case is postponed to the hearing of the case
on the merits.
4

MONDAY, MARCH 25, 1946
190
No. 34. United Federal Workers of America (CIO) et al., appel-
lants, v. Harry B. Mitchell, Lucille Foster McMillin, and Arthur S.
Fleming. The order of January 2 restoring this case to the docket
for reargument before a full bench is vacated.
13
No. 782. Edna W. Ballard and Donald Ballard, petitioners, v.
United States. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of
Appeals for the Ninth Circuit granted.
No. 843. Securities and Exchange Commission, petitioner, v. W. J.
Howey Company and Howey-in-the-Hills Service, Inc. Petition for
writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit
granted.
No. 809. United States, petitioner, v. Robert Morss Lovett;
No. 810. United States, petitioner, v. Goodwin B. Watson; and
No. 811. United States, petitioner, v. William E. Dodd, Jr. Peti-
tion for writs of certiorari to the Court of Claims granted.
No. 892. Walter J. Rothensies, Individually and as United States
Collector of Internal Revenue for the First District of Pennsylvania,
petitioner, v. The Electric Storage Battery Company, a Corporation.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of Appeals for the
Third Circuit granted.
No. 821. Pyramid Motor Freight Corporation, petitioner, v.
Murray Ispass, Max Granofsky, Harry Brownstein, et al. Petition
for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of Appeals for the Second
Circuit granted, and the case is transferred to the summary docket and
set for argument before a full bench immediately to follow No. 609.
No. 848. Vanston Bondholders Protective Committee, petitioner,
v. Louis A. Green et al.;
No. 849. Vanston Bondholders Protective Committee, petitioner,
v. Carl B. Early et al.;
No. 850. Vanhorn Bondholders Protective Committee, petitioner,
v. Louis A. Green et al.; and
No. 851. Vanhorn Bondholders Protective Committee, petitioner,
v. Carl B. Early et al. Petitions for writs of certiorari to the Circuit
Court of Appeals for the Sixth Circuit Granted. Mr. Justice Reed
took no part in the consideration or decision of these applications.
No. 784. Hugh Gant, petitioner, v. United States. Petition for
writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit
denied.
No. 801. J. H. Crain and R. E. Lee Wilson, Jr., Trustees of Lee
Wilson & Company, a Business Trust, petitioners, v. United States.
657009-46-72
ย
1
;

MONDAY, MARCH 25, 1946
191
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of Appeals for the
Eighth Circuit denied.
No. 819. Canadian River Gas Company, petitioner, v. Joseph T.
Higgins, Formerly United States Collector of Internal Revenue for
the Third District of New York. Petition for writ of certiorari to
the Circuit Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit denied.
No. 822. John Hancock Mutual Life Insurance Company and
Fidelity and Deposit Company of Maryland, petitioners, v. Daniel
F. Donovan, Collector of Taxes. Petition for writ of certiorari to
the Circuit Court of Appeals for the First Circuit denied.
No. 834. La Societe Francaise De Bienfaisance Mutuelle (a Cor-
poration), petitioner, v. United States. Petition for writ of certiorari
to the Circuit Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit denied.
No. 841. Mrs. C. D. Pierce, Trustee of the Estate of J. A. Kunkel,
Bankrupt, petitioner, v. J. A. Kunkel, B. F. Edwards, J. K. Ford, Jr.,
et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of Appeals
for the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 823. Fred E. Hummel, as Trustee in Bankruptcy of the Estate
of Dorothea W. Huszagh, petitioner, v. James R. Cardwell et al.;
No. 824. Fred E. Hummel, as Trustee in Bankruptcy of the Estate
of Dorothea W. Huszagh, petitioner, v. James R. Cardwell et al.;
and
No. 825. Fred E. Hummel, as Trustee in Bankruptcy of the Estate
of Dorothea W. Huszagh, petitioner, v. James R. Cardwell et al. Pe-
tition for writs of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Illinois denied.
No. 826. William Leithold and Emily Leithold, Individually and
as Co-Partners Trading as Custom Maid Brassiere Company, peti-
tioners, v. Paul A. Porter, Administrator, Office of Price Adminis-
tration. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of Appeals
for the Third Circuit denied.
No. 830. Royal Wayne Réa, petitioner, v. A. McDonald, Warden
of the Federal Correctional Institution at Texarkana, Texas. Peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of Appeals for the
Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 837. August Sorcey, petitioner, v. United States. Petition for
writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of Appeals for the Seventh
Circuit denied.
No. 839. James Maxfield and Hugh Wilton, petitioners, v. United
States; and
No. 840. Hugh Wilton and James Maxfield, petitioners, v. United
States. Petition for writs of certiorari to the Circuit Court of Ap-
peals for the Ninth Circuit denied.

MONDAY, MARCH 25, 1946
192
No. 854. The State of Ohio, On Relation of Louis Morrey Green-
stein, petitioner, v. Honorable Joseph M. Clifford et al., as Judges of
the Court of Common Pleas of Franklin County, Ohio. Petition for
writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Ohio denied.
No. 863. Evans D. Gardner, petitioner, v. Capital Transit Com-
pany. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of
Appeals for the District of Columbia denied.
No. 876. Albert Behrens, petitioner, v. Tom Smith, Superintendent,
Washington State Penitentiary. Petition for writ of certiorari to
the Supreme Court of Washington denied.
No. 877. Norman J. Sanford, petitioner, v. Tom Smith, Superin-
tendent, Washington State Penitentiary. Petition for writ of certi-
orari to the Supreme Court of Washington denied.
No. 888. Blanche Stanfield, Executrix of the Last Will and Testa-
ment of Lloyd B. Stanfield, Deceased, petitioner, v. The Paul Revere
Life Insurance Company, Worcester, Massachusetts. Petition for
writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of Appeals for the Tenth Cir-
cuit denied.
No. 802. Massachusetts Mutual Life Insurance Company, peti-
tioner, v. Securities and Exchange Commission and the Laclede Gas
Light Company. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court
of Appeals for the Eighth Circuit denied. Mr. Justice Douglas took
no part in the consideration or decision of this application.
No. 831. Guaranty Trust Company of New York, Trustee, etc.,
et al., petitioners, v. Securities and Exchange Commission;
No. 832. Guaranty Trust Company of New York, Trustee, etc.,
et al., petitioners, v. Standard Gas and Electric Company and Securi-
ties and Exchange Commission; and
No. 833. Guaranty Trust Company of New York, Trustee, etc.,
et al., petitioners, v. Standard Gas and Electric Company. Petition
for writs of certiorari to the Circuit Court of Appeals for the Third
Circuit denied. Mr. Justice Douglas took no part in the considera-
tion or decision of this application.
No. 606. Leroy Odom, petitioner, v. United States. The order of
March 11 granting the petition for writ of certiorari is vacated.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of Appeals for the
Fifth Circuit is denied.
No. 677. Delbert L. Quick and John J. Berry, petitioners, v. Stanley
P. Ashe, Warden, Western State Penitentiary, et al. On petition for
writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of the Commonwealth of
Pennsylvania;

MONDAY, MARCH 25, 1946
193
No. 767. Edmond L. Viles, petitioner, v. The Prudential Insurance
Company of America, a Corporation. On petition for writ of cer-
tiorari to the Circuit Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit;
No. 796. Joseph A. Farrell, petitioner, v. Commonwealth of Massa-
chusetts. On petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Judicial
Court of the Commonwealth of Massachusetts;
No. 844. Anthony Adams, petitioner, v. Joseph E. Ragen, Warden,
etc. On petition for writ of certiorari to the Criminal Court of Cook
County, State of Illinois;
No. 846. Jasper Gibilterra, petitioner, v. W. C. Parker, Warden,
etc. On petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of
Missouri;
No. 847. In the Matter of Percy Arthur Whistler, petitioner. On
petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of Appeals for
the Seventh Circuit;
No. 855. Riley Simmons, petitioner, v. Walter Nierstheimer,
Warden, etc. On petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court
of Randolph County, State of Illinois;
No. 856. Louis Russo, petitioner, v. Francis C. Shaw, M. D., Direc-
tor, Dannemora State Hospital, Dannemora, New York. On peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of New York;
No. 858. Richard Neeley, petitioner, v. W. C. Parker, Warden, etc.
On petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Missouri;
No. 859. Clifford Webb, petitioner, v. Joseph E. Ragen, Warden,
etc. On petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of Rock
Island County, State of Illinois; and
No. 860. Clifford Webb, petitioner, v. The People of the State of
Illinois. On petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court
of Illinois. The motions for leave to proceed in forma pauperis in
these cases are granted. The petitions for writs of certiorari are
denied.
No. 577. Curtis L. Brown, petitioner, v. Nathan Mayo, State Prison
Custodian of Florida. The petition for writ of certiorari to the
Supreme Court of Florida and the motion for leave to file a petition
for writ of habeas corpus are dismissed, it appearing that the petitioner
is no longer in the custody of the respondent. The motion for leave
to proceed in forma pauperis is granted.
No. 94, Misc. Chesteen McConnell, petitioner, v. Alfred F. Dowd,
Warden, etc.;
#
1
1

MONDAY, MARCH 25, 1946
194
No. 350. All Service Laundry Corporation, petitioner, v. Lillian
Maud Phillips, as Administratrix of the Goods, Chattels, and Credits
of Clifford R. Phillips, Deceased, et al.;
No. 444. Florence B. Bigelow, Marion B. Koerber, John E. Bloom,
et al., petitioners, v. R K O Radio Pictures, Inc., Loew's Incorporated,
Twentieth Century-Fox Film Corporation, et al.;
No. 763. Hugh Greer Carruthers, petitioner, v. United States; and
No. 817. David Elmer Hartshorn, appellant, v. Robert X. Kuzmier
and Richard C. Cotter. The petitions for rehearing in these cases
are denied.
No. 381. E. E. Ashcraft and John Ware, petitioners, v. State of
Tennessee. The petition for rehearing of John Ware is denied.
No. 77. United States, petitioner, v. Petty Motor Company;
No. 78. United States, petitioner, v. Merrill J. Brockbank, Doing
Business as Brockbank Apparel Company;
No. 79. United States, petitioner, v. William G. Grimsdell, Doing
Business as Grocer Printing Company;
No. 80. United States, petitioner, v. Charles F. Wiggs, Doing Busi-
ness as Chicago Flexible Shaft Company;
No. 81. United States, petitioner, v. Independent Pneumatic Tool
Company;
No. 82. United States, petitioner, v. The Galigher Company; and
No. 83. United States, petitioner, v. Gray-Cannon Lumber Com-
pany. The petition for rehearing is denied. Mr. Justice Frank-
furter took no part in the consideration or decision of this application.
No. 706. Mollie Eagle, petitioner, v. Benjamin Cherney and Samuel
H. Berger. The motion for leave to file a second petition for rehear-
ing is granted. The petition for rehearing is denied.
No. 188. William Elbert Lawrence, petitioner, v. The People of
the State of Illinois. The motion for leave to file a sixth petition for
rehearing is denied. Mr. Justice Burton took no part in the consid-.
eration or decision of this application.
The Court will take a recess from Monday, April 1, until Monday,
April 22, next.
Mr. Justice Jackson took no part in the consideration or decision
of the cases in which judgments or orders are this day announced.
"

MONDAY, MARCH 25, 1946
195
No. 349. Gilbert E. Thiel, petitioner, v. Southern Pacific Company.
Argued by Mr. Allen Spivock for the petitioner and by Mr. Arthur
B. Dunne for the respondent.
No. 361. Burton-Sutton Oil Company, Incorporated, petitioner, v.
Commissioner of Internal Revenue. Argument commenced by Mr.
Norman F. Anderson for the petitioner.
Adjourned until tomorrow at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Tuesday, March 26, will be as follows: Nos. 361,
428, 447, 675, 636, 704, 769, 749, 750, and 510.
✗

TUESDAY, MARCH 26, 1946
196
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: The Chief Justice, Mr. Justice Black, Mr. Justice Reed,
Mr. Justice Frankfurter, Mr. Justice Douglas, Mr. Justice Murphy,
Mr. Justice Rutledge, and Mr. Justice Burton.
Robert H. Purl, of Georgetown, Tex.; Alvin J. Ragan, of Chicago,
Ill.; George H. Wikle, of Tulsa, Okla.; Byron E. Harkey, of Okla-
homa City, Okla.; Kathryne Leonard MacIntyre, of Boston, Mass.;
George N. Robillard, of Washington, D. C.; Bruce F. Woodruff, of
Atlanta, Ga.; Orien Carlysle McCandless, of New York, N. Y.;
John T. Connor, of Washington, D. C.; Henry K. Chapman, of New
York, N. Y.; James D. Heldt, of New York, N. Y.; John Clark
Bills, Jr., of West Palm Beach, Fla.; H. Alexander Smith, Jr., of
Elkridge, Md.; Newton Barr Miller, of Monmouth, Ill.; Richard
W. Oliver, of Washington, D. C.; Frank P. Neaton, of Detroit, Mich.;
Rene Paul Henry III, of Dallas, Tex.; Ralph A. Yeo, of St. Paul,
Minn.; James B. Sayers, of Pittsburgh, Pa.; James Lawrence White,
of Pittsburgh, Pa.; Mason G. Kassel, of New York, N. Y.; Philip
Bergson, of Needham, Mass.; Douglas Stuart Moore, of New York,
N. Y.; Osmond Grady Williamson, of Bay City, Tex.; Tibo J.
Chavez, of Belen, N. Mex.; Jess D. Weir, of Las Cruces, N. Mex.;
Edward Roberts, of Youngstown, Ohio; Richard R. Hanna, of
Yerington, Nev.; and Lightner Smith, of Seattle, Wash., were
admitted to practice.
No. 361. Burton-Sutton Oil Company, Incorporated, petitioner, v.
Commissioner of Internal Revenue. Argument of case suspended
due to illness of counsel.
No. 428. El Dorado Oil Works and El Dorado Terminal Company,
appellants, v. United States, Interstate Commerce Commission, Gen-
eral American. Transportation Corporation, et al. Argued by Mr.
W. F. Williamson for the appellants, by Mr. Daniel W. Knowlton
for appellees, The United States and Interstate Commerce Commis-
sion, and by Mr. Allan P. Matthew for appellee, General American
Transportation Corporation.
No. 447. The United States of America, appellant, v. Sheldon
Maurice Anderson. Argued by Mr. Nathan T. Elliff for the appellant.
No appearance for the appellee.
657009-46-73

TUESDAY, MARCH 26, 1946
197
No. 675. Verna Mae Bihn, petitioner, v. The United States of
America. Argued by Mr. Henry K. Chapman for the petitioner and
by Mr. John J. Cooney for the respondent.
Adjourned until tomorrow at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Wednesday, March 27, will be as follows: Nos.
636, 704, 769, 749, 750, 510, and 361.
Х

WEDNESDAY, MARCH 27, 1946
198
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: The Chief Justice, Mr. Justice Black, Mr. Justice Reed,
Mr. Justice Frankfurter, Mr. Justice Douglas, Mr. Justice Murphy,
Mr. Justice Rutledge, and Mr. Justice Burton.
Sherman Osgood Morris, of Madison, Wis.; Richard M. Hosler,
of Hammond, Ind.; Robert H. Cunningham. of Buffalo, N. Y.; James
C. Kennedy, of Austin, Tex.; Ralph D. Dieterle, of Detroit, Mich.;
William Howard Baier, of Washington, D. C.; Tally D. Riddell, of
Meridian, Miss.; John S. Beard, Jr., of Cleveland, Ohio; Robert H.
Brome, of New York, N. Y.; John H. Ritter, of Cleveland, Ohio; and
Thos. F. Manby, of La Grange, Ky., were admitted to practice.
No. 636. Murray Winters, appellant, v. The People of the State
of New York. Argued by Mr. Arthur N. Seiff and Mr. Emanuel Red-
field for the appellant and by Mr. Whitman Knapp for the appellee.
No. 704. Irene Morgan, appellant, v. Commonwealth of Virginia.
Argued by Mr. Thurgood Marshall and Mr. William H. Hastie for
the appellant and by Mr. Abram P. Staples for the appellee.
Adjourned until tomorrow at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Thursday, March 28, will be as follows: Nos. 361,
769, 749, 750, and 510.
✗
657009-46-74
H

THURSDAY, MARCH 28, 1946
199
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: The Chief Justice, Mr. Justice Black, Mr. Justice Reed, Mr.
Justice Frankfurter, Mr. Justice Douglas, Mr. Justice Murphy, Mr.
Justice Rutledge, and Mr. Justice Burton.
Donald Frederick Smith, of Columbus, Ohio; Douglas Leo Pater-
son, of Detroit, Mich.; Clay S. Crouse, of Beckley, W. Va.; Robert
Dranow, of Newark, N. J.; William G. Fennell, of New York, N. Y.;
Charles Robert Norberg, of Philadelphia, Pa.; Paul M. Mitchell, of
Chicago, Ill.; Joseph A. Santry, of Little Falls, N. Y.; Owen Brew-
ster, of Dexter, Maine; Edward M. Shealy, of Missoula, Mont.; David
I. Shivitz, of New York, N. Y.; William H. Stevenson, of La Crosse,
Wis.; Grover C. Trail, of Beckley, W. Va.; Oscar J. Schmiege, of Ap-
pleton, Wis.; Henry J. Crawford, of Cleveland, Ohio; and Charles
Foss Brewster, of Dexter, Maine, were admitted to practice.
No. 361. Burton-Sutton Oil Company, Incorporated, petitioner, v.
Commissioner of Internal Revenue. Argument resumed and con-
cluded by Mr. Norman F. Anderson for the petitioner and case sub-
mitted by Mr. Solicitor General McGrath, Mr. Acting Assistant At-
torney General Key, Miss Helen R. Carloss, and Mr. Hilbert P. Zarky
for the respondent.
No. 769. Queenside Hills Realty Co., Inc., appellant, v. T. Newton
Saxl, As Commissioner of Housing and Buildings of the City of New
York. Argued by Mr. George G. Lake for the appellant and by Mr.
Edward G. Griffin for the appellee.
No. 749. People of the State of Illinois ex rel. Robert L. Gordon,
Director of Labor, petitioner, v. The United States of America.
Argued by Mr. Albert E. Hallett for the petitioner and by Mr. J. Louis
Monarch for the respondent.
No. 750. People of the State of Illinois ex rel. Robert L. Gordon,
Director of Labor, petitioner, v. Nigal D. Campbell, Collector of In-
ternal Revenue. Argued by Mr. Albert E. Hallett for the petitioner
and by Mr. J. Louis Monarch for the respondent.
No. 510. Paul Knauer, petitioner, v. The United States of America.
Argument commenced by Mr. Ode L. Rankin for the petitioner and
continued by Mr. Frederick Bernays Wiener for the respondent.
Adjourned until tomorrow at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Friday, March 29, will be No. 510.
☑
657009-46- -75
All
"
$4

FRIDAY, MARCH 29, 1946
200
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: The Chief Justice, Mr. Justice Black, Mr. Justice Reed,
Mr. Justice Frankfurter, Mr. Justice Douglas, Mr. Justice Murphy,
Mr. Justice Rutledge, and Mr. Justice Burton.
Robert S. Miller, of Portland, Oreg.; Joseph Forer, of Washington,
D. C.; Tom J. Mays, of Atlanta, Tex.; Milton Klein, of New York,
N. Y.; George Selwyn Swarth, of San Pedro, Calif.; Donald C. Cook,
of Washington, D. C.; Samuel Markowitz, of New York, N. Y.; Wil-
liam J. Syring, of Toledo, Ohio; and Colvin P. Rouse, of Versailles;
Ky., were admitted to practice.
No. 510. Paul Knauer, petitioner, v. The United States of America.
Argument continued by Mr. Frederick Bernays Wiener for the
respondent and concluded by Mr. Ode L. Rankin for the petitioner.
Adjourned until Monday, April 1, next, at 12 o'clock.
657009-46-
-76
W
*

MONDAY, APRIL 1, 1946
201
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: The Chief Justice, Mr. Justice Black, Mr. Justice Reed,
Mr. Justice Frankfurter, Mr. Justice Douglas, Mr. Justice Murphy,
Mr. Justice Rutledge, and Mr. Justice Burton.
Howard W. Friedrichs, of Wheeling, W. Va.; Napoleon B. John-
son, of Claremore, Okla.; Ben' Dwight, of Oklahoma City, Okla.;
Logan E. Hysmith, of Wilburton, Okla.; Jesse Kilgore Brockman, of
Birmingham, Ala.; John L. Larue, of Grass Valley, Calif.; Philip
Goodman, of South Gate, Calif.; Stanley Mosk, of Los Angeles, Calif.;
Lee Aloysius Gaukler, of Davenport, Iowa; Joseph E. Talbot, of
Naugatuck, Conn.; Francis B. Feeley, of Waterbury, Conn.; Stephen
K. Elliott, of Southington, Conn.; Francis Bruce McMullen, of San
Francisco, Calif.; Edward F. Prichard, Jr., of Lexington, Ky.;
Fredric Charles Carter, of Richmond, Va.; William Parker Ward,
of Chicago, Ill.; Paul R. Carr, of Warwick, N. Y.; James F. Connally,
of Peabody, Mass.; William Jordan, Jr., of New York, N. Y.; N.
Joseph Ross, of Los Angeles, Calif.; Arthur R. Hall, of Chicago, Ill.;
Maurice Jud Harwood, of San Antonio, Tex.; T. Richard McGough,
of Seattle, Wash.; Albert S. Gerstein, of Boston, Mass.; Walter E.
Hooper, Jr., of New York, N. Y.; Richards D. Maxwell, Jr., of Miami,
Fla.; Forrest A. Hainline, Jr., of Rock Island, Ill.; Paul N. McCarron,
of San Francisco, Calif.; James R. McClure, of St. Paul, Minn.; Selden
A. Blumenfeld, of St. Louis, Mo.; Randolph Jennings Seifert, of New
York, N. Y.; Ralph A. Potts, of Washington, D. C.; and Tyrrell M.
Ingersoll, of Cedar Rapids, Iowa, were admitted to practice.
No. 123. Carl B. Williams, petitioner, v. The United States of
America. On writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court
of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit. Judgment reversed and case re-
manded to the District Court of the United States for the District
of Arizona for proceedings in conformity with the opinion of this
court. Opinion by Mr. Justice Burton. Mr. Justice Rutledge concurs
in the result. Mr. Justice Jackson took no part in the consideration
or decision of this case.
No. 1. The North American Company, petitioner, v. Securities and
Exchange Commission. On writ of certiorari to the United States
Circuit Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit. Judgment affirmed
and case remanded to the Circuit Court of Appeals. Opinion by
Mr. Justice Murphy. Mr. Justice Reed, Mr. Justice Douglas, and
657009-46-77

MONDAY, APRIL 1, 1946
202
Mr. Justice Jackson took no part in the consideration or decision of
this case.
No. 344. Arthur L. Bell, Individually, and As An Associate of
and Division Superintendent of "Mankind United," etc., et al.,
petitioners, v. R. B. Hood, Theodore Cruise, Philip Bowser, et al.
On writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals
for the Ninth Circuit. Judgment reversed and case remanded to the
District Court of the United States for the Southern District of Cali-
fornia for further proceedings in conformity with the opinion of this
Court. Opinion by Mr. Justice Black. Dissenting opinion by Mr.
Chief Justice Stone and Mr. Justice Burton. Mr. Justice Jackson took
no part in the consideration or decision of this case.
The Chief Justice announced the following orders of the Court:
No. 728. Congress of Industrial Organizations, Florida State In-
dustrial Union Council, et al., appellants, v. J. Tom Watson, as Attor-
ney General of the State of Florida, et al. Appeal from the District
Court of the United States for the Southern District of Florida.
Per curiam: The decree is reversed and the cause is remanded to the
District Court for further proceedings in conformity to the opinion
of this Court in No. 448, announced March 25, 1946.
No. 309. Unemployment Compensation Commission of the Terri-
tory of Alaska et al., petitioners, v. Frank L. Aragan and Other
Applicants, Members of Alaska Cannery Workers Union Local No. 5,
et al.; and
No. 387. The United States, petitioner, v. Alcea Band of Tilla-
mooks et al. These cases are restored to the docket for reargument
before a full bench.
The following orders were not announced orally by the Chief Justice
but appear on the list certified by him and filed with the Clerk:
No. 96, Misc. Everett Ross, petitioner, v. Joseph E. Ragen, Warden,
etc.;
No. 105, Misc. George Phillips, petitioner, v. People of the State
of New York; and
No. 108, Misc. Louie. V. Gaumitz, petitioner, v. Luke F. Murphy,
Warden, etc. The motions for leave to file petitions for writs of
habeas corpus are denied.
No. 106, Misc. Albert Lane, petitioner, v. C. S. Smith Metropoli-
tan Market Company et al.; and
No. 107, Misc. Dorsey W. McMahan, petitioner, v. United States.
The motions for leave to file petitions for writs of certiorari are
denied.

MONDAY, APRIL 1, 1946
203
No. 630. The United States, petitioner, v. Thomas Lee Causby and
Wife, Tinie Causby. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of
Claims granted.
No. 970. Abraham Fishgold, petitioner, v. Sullivan Drydock & Re-
pair Corporation et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit
Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit granted. The Solicitor
General is requested to file a brief amicus curiae.
No. 693. Barney E. Gaskill et al., petitioners, v. Claude A. Roth,
Trustee of the Property of the Chicago & North Western Railway
Company, et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court
of Appeals for the Eight Circuit denied.
No. 835. John E. Gallois, Executor, and Jeanne G. Hill, Executrix
of the Estate of Margaret P. Gallois, Deceased, petitioners, v. Com-
missioner of Internal Revenue. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
Circuit Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit denied.
No. 838. Nellie C. Bostwick et al., petitioners, v. Baldwin Drain-
age District et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court
of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 874. Frank Andrews, petitioner, v. The State of Ohio. Peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Ohio denied.
No. 875. The Tucson Gas, Electric Light and Power Company,
petitioner, v. City of Tucson. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
Circuit Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit denied.
No. 878. State of Washington and Equitable Life Insurance Com-
pany of Iowa, petitioners, v. Maricopa County et al., etc. Petition for
writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit
denied.
No. 879. Magnolia Petroleum Company, petitioner, v. W. A.
Thomas, Collector of Internal Revenue. Petition for writ of
certiorari to the Circuit Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 880. Harry J. Alker, Jr., and Mamie Du Ban, Individually
and as Executrix of the Estate of Alfred A. Du Ban, Deceased, peti-
tioners, v. Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation. Petition for writ
of certiorari to the Circuit Court of Appeals for the Third Circuit
denied.
No. 881. Jack A. Bell, petitioner, v. Michael F. Mulcahy, Sheriff
of Cook County, Illinois. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
Supreme Court of Illinois denied.
No. 890. John Memolo, petitioner, v. United States. Petition for
writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of Appeals for the Third Circuit
denied.

MONDAY, APRIL 1, 1946
204
No. 1003. Joseph E. Chapman, Jr., H. C. Smith, W. E. Swinson
et al., petitioners, v. Primus E. King. Petition for writ of certiorari
to the Circuit Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 813. The People of the State of New York ex rel. Harvey
Bistany, petitioner, v. John F. Foster, Warden, Auburn State Prison,
Auburn, New York. On petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme
Court of New York;
No. 861. Ramon Toledo, petitioner, v. Joseph E. Ragen, Warden,
etc. On petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Illinois;
No. 865. Austin E. Hardwick, petitioner, v. Joseph E. Ragen,
Warden, etc. On petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court
of Illinois;
No. 866. Emilio Castiglione, petitioner, v. Joseph E. Ragen,
Warden, etc. On petition for writ of certiorari to the Criminal
Court of Cook County, State of Illinois;
No. 867. Roland Barron, petitioner, v. Joseph E. Ragen, Warden,
On petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of
Illinios;
etc.
No. 868. Charles Wilson, petitioner, v. The People of the State of
Illinois. On petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court
of Illinois;
No. 869. James B. Keene, petitioner, v. The People of the State of
Illinois. On petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court
of Illinois;
No. 872. Everett Ross, petitioner, v. Joseph E. Ragen, Warden,
etc. On petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of
Illinois;
No. 882. Peter Branic, petitioner, v. Wheeling Steel Corporation.
On petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of Appeals for
the Third Circuit;
No. 895. Ernest Tait, petitioner, v. Joseph E. Ragen, Warden, etc.
On petition for writ of certiorari to the Criminal Court of Cook
County, State of Illinois;
etc.
No. 896. Walter W. Higgins, petitioner, v. W. C. Parker, Warden,
On petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of
Missouri;
No. 897. Luther Sain, petitioner, v. Joseph E. Ragen, Warden,
etc. On petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of
Illinois;
No. 901. L. D. Hughes, petitioner, v. State of Tennessee. On peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Tennessee;
No. 903. Charles F. Zitting, Arnold Boss, Morris Q. Kunz, et al.,
petitioners, v. S. Grant Young, Sheriff of Salt Lake County, or His
"1
h

MONDAY, APRIL 1, 1946
205
Deputies. On petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court
of Utah;
No. 905. Andrew Johnson, petitioner, v. Joseph E. Ragen, Warden,
etc. On petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of Will
County, State of Illinois;
No. 906. William F. Krell, petitioner, v. Joseph E. Ragen, Warden,
etc. On petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of
Illinois;
No. 923. Francis Haines, petitioner, v. Walter Nierstheimer,
Warden, etc. On petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court
of Randolph County, State of Illinois;
No. 924. Charles A. Anderson, Otherwise Called Michael O'Malley,
petitioner, v. Joseph E. Ragen, Warden, etc. On petition for writ
of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Illinois;
No. 937. Dewey White, petitioner, v. Joseph E. Ragen, Warden,
etc. On petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of Appeals
for the Seventh Circuit;
No. 938. LeRoy Wheeler, petitioner, v. The People of the State
of Illinois. On petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court
of Illinois; and
No. 993. State of Florida ex rel. Leo Bailey, petitioner, v. Dan
L. Brock, Sheriff of Washington County, Florida. On petition for
writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Florida. The motions for
leave to proceed in forma pauperis in these cases are granted. The
petitions for writs of certiorari are denied.
No. 862. William B. Wells, petitioner, v. People of the State of
Illinois. On petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of
Illinois. The motion for leave to proceed in forma pauperis is granted.
The petition for writ of certiorari is denied for the reason that appli-
cation therefore was not made within the time provided by law. Sec.
8 (a), Act of February 13, 1925 (43 Stat. 936, 940), 28 U. S. C., Sec. 350.
No. 640. Dr. Tom H. Robertson, M. D., petitioner, v. New York
Life Insurance Company;
No. 710. Sylvester Andrews, petitioner, v. Mallory C. Atkinson,
Judge of the Superior Court;
No. 721. Capitol Wine and Spirit Corporation, petitioner, v.
Stewart Berkshire, as Deputy Commissioner of the Bureau of Internal
Revenue, etc., et al.;
No. 806. George Ross Wagner, petitioner, v. Joseph E. Ragen,
Warden, etc.;
No. 823. Fred E. Hummel, As Trustee in Bankruptcy of the Estate
of Dorothea W. Huszagh, petitioner, v. James R. Cardwell et al.;
144
H
1

MONDAY, APRIL 1, 1946
206
No. 824. Fred E. Hummel, As Trustee in Bankruptcy of the Estate
of Dorothea W. Huszagh, petitioner, v. James R. Cardwell et al.; and
No. 825. Fred E. Hummel, As Trustee in Bankruptcy of the Estate
of Dorothea W. Huszagh, petitioner, v. James R. Cardwell et al.
The petitions for rehearing in these cases are denied.
No. 763. Hugh Greer Carruthers, petitioner, v. United States.
The second petition for rehearing is denied.
Mr. Justice Jackson took no part in the consideration or decision
of the cases in which judgments or orders are this day announced.
Adjourned until Monday, April 22, next, at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Monday, April 22, will be as follows: Nos. 625,
9 (and 10, 11, 12, 13), 40, 627, 631 (and 671), 719, 793, 696 (and
697), 809 (and 810, 811), and 843.

MONDAY, APRIL 1, 1946
207
No. 221. Taze Hamrick Gibson, petitioner, v. The United States of
America. On writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court
of Appeals for the Eighth Circuit. Upon consideration of the ap-
plication of counsel for the petitioner in the above-entitled cause
for the release of petitioner from custody on bail; It is ordered
nunc pro tunc as of April 1, 1946, that Taze Hamrick Gibson, the
petitioner herein, be released from custody and admitted to bail
pending the consideration and decision of this Court in this case.
Provided, however, that the petitioner, Taze Hamrick Gibson, execute
and file with the Clerk of this Court bond, with good and sufficient
surety or sureties, in the lawful sum and amount of two thousand
dollars ($2,000), conditioned to provide for the full and prompt
compliance by the said Taze Hamrick Gibson with the orders and
judgment of this Court. The said bond to run to the United States
of America and to be approved by the Honorable Wiley Rutledge,
Associate Justice of the Supreme Court of the United States. When
the bond specified herein is approved and filed with the Clerk of this
Court, but not before, the petitioner, Taze Hamrick Gibson, shall
be enlarged on bail to the extent and subject to the conditions pro-
vided in this order and such further order or orders as may be entered
by this Court in this cause.
657009-46-78
"
"

MONDAY, APRIL 22, 1946
208
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: The Chief Justice, Mr. Justice Black, Mr. Justice Reed,
Mr. Justice Frankfurter, Mr. Justice Douglas, Mr. Justice Murphy,
Mr. Justice Rutledge, and Mr. Justice Burton.
John F. Sonnett, of New York, N. Y.; Bert W. Levit, of San Fran-
cisco, Calif.; Stanley M. Silverberg, of New York, N. Y.; Maurice
P. Wolk, of Minneapolis, Minn.; James F. Sullivan, of Boston, Mass.;
John S. Tucker, Jr., of Birmingham, Ala.; Berthold B. Fraker, of
Greeneville, Tenn.; Mary A. MacDonald, of Cambridge, Mass.; Ira
L. Powsner, of Buffalo, N. Y.; J. H. Patricoff, of Dayton, Ohio; Her-
bert M. Eikenbary, of Dayton, Ohio; William D. Deakins, Jr., of
Houston, Tex.; John Wilson Hood, of New York, N. Y.; Flora G.
Chudson, of New York, N. Y.; Sylvanus George Felix, of Oklahoma
City, Okla.; Walter Samuel Lindsley, Jr., of Union, N. J.; Alvin
Glen Hubbard, of Chicago, Ill.; George Lieberman, of San Francisco,
Calif.; John L. Nourse, of Sacramento, Calif.; Joseph Lyons Broder-
ick, of New York, N. Y.; I. S. Simmons, of Fort Smith, Ark.; D. L.
Grace, of Fort Smith, Ark.; Sherrill Halbert, of Modesto, Calif.;
Jerome James Doherty, of Newark, N. J.; Howard O. Sigmond, of
Crawfordsville, Ind.; Clifford R. Stearns, of Princeton, N. J.; Fred-
erick R. Tansill, of Washington, D. C.; Albert Copaken, of Kansas
City, Mo.; Gerald L. Gore, of Kansas City, Mo.; Martin William
Robinson, of New York, N. Y.; Harold Newton, of New York, N. Y.;
Irwin Richard Powers, of Chicago, Ill.; William C. Martin, Jr., of
Washington, D. C.; Ignatius Jerome O'Connor, of Boston, Mass.;
Charles T. Balcoff, of Manila, P. I.; Gertrude Tetelman, of New
York, N. Y.; Louis L. Tetelman, of New York, N. Y.; Hoch Reid, of
New York, N. Y.; Edwin Hall 2d, of Philadelphia, Pa.; Harry J.
Alker, Jr., of Norristown, Pa.; and B. A. Green, of Portland, Oreg.,
were admitted to practice.
The Chief Justice said:
"With deep regret I announce the death, at her residence in the
city of Washington, on Thursday, April 4, during the recess of this
Court, of Mrs. Rosamond L. Sutherland, the widow of the late Justice
Sutherland."
657009-46-79
1.

MONDAY, APRIL 22, 1946
209
No. 365. Seas Shipping Company, Inc., petitioner, v. Joseph Sie-
racki. On writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of
Appeals for the Third Circuit. Judgment affirmed with costs and
case remanded to the District Court of the United States for the East-
ern District of Pennsylvania. Opinion by Mr. Justice Rutledge.
Dissenting opinion by Mr. Chief Justice Stone in which Mr. Justice
Frankfurter and Mr. Justice Burton join. Mr. Justice Jackson took
no part in the consideration or decision of this case.
No. 572. James Louis Girouard, petitioner, v. The United States
of America. On writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court
of Appeals for the First Circuit. Judgment reversed and case re-
manded to the District Court of the United States for the District of
Massachusetts for proceedings in conformity with the opinion of this
Court. Opinion by Mr. Justice Douglas. Dissenting opinion by Mr.
Chief Justice Stone in which Mr. Justice Reed and Mr. Justice Frank-
furter join. Mr. Justice Jackson took no part in the consideration or
decision of this case.
No. 769. Queenside Hills Realty Co., Inc., appellant, v. T. Newton
Saxl, as Commissioner of Housing and Buildings of the City of New
York. Appeal from the Court of Appeals of the State of New York.
Judgment affirmed with costs. Opinion by Mr. Justice Douglas. Mr.
Justice Rutledge concurs in the result. Mr. Justice Jackson took no
part in the consideration or decision of this case.
No. 400. Utah Junk Company, petitioner, v. Paul A. Porter, Price
Administrator. On writ of certiorari to the United States Emer-
gency Court of Appeals. Judgment reversed and case remanded to
the Emergency Court of Appeals for further proceedings in con-
formity with the opinion of this Court. Opinion by Mr. Justice
Frankfurter. Mr. Justice Jackson took no part in the consideration
or decision of this case.
No. 393. Christine Collins, A. J. Cummins, Yancey Lee Cummins,
and Edward J. Miller, petitioners, v. Paul A. Porter, Price Admin-
istrator. On writ of certiorari to the United States Emergency Court
of Appeals. Judgment reversed and case remanded to the Emergency
Court of Appeals for further proceedings in conformity with the
opinion of this Court. Opinion by Mr. Justice Frankfurter. Mr.
Justice Jackson took no part in the consideration or decision of this
case.
No. 67. Thomas Paper Stock Company et al., petitioners, v. Paul
A. Porter, Price Administrator; and
No. 578. Thomas Paper Stock Company et al., petitioners, v. Paul
A. Porter, Price Administrator. On writs of certiorari to the United
States Emergency Court of Appeals. Writ of certiorari in No. 67
1

MONDAY, APRIL 22, 1946
210
vacated. Judgment in No. 578 reversed and case remanded to the
Emergency Court of Appeals for further proceedings in conformity
with the opinion of this Court. Opinion by Mr. Justice Frankfurter.
Dissenting opinion by Mr. Justice Black in which Mr. Justice Douglas
and Mr. Justice Murphy join. Mr. Justice Jackson took no part in
the consideration or decision of these cases.
No. 361. Burton-Sutton Oil Company, Incorporated, petitioner, v.
Commissioner of Internal Revenue. On writ of certiorari to the
United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit. Judg-
ment reversed and case remanded to the Circuit Court of Appeals for
further proceedings in conformity with the opinion of this Court.
Opinion by Mr. Justice Reed. Dissenting: Mr. Justice Black and Mr.
Justice Douglas. Concurring opinion by Mr. Justice Frankfurter.
Mr. Justice Jackson took no part in the consideration or decision of
this case.
No. 749. People of the State of Illinois, ex rel. Robert L. Gordon,
Director of Labor, petitioner, v. The United States of America. On
writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of the State of Illinois.
Judgment affirmed. Opinion by Mr. Justice Black. Mr. Justice
Jackson took no part in the consideration or decision of this case.
No. 428. El Dorado Oil Works and El Dorado Terminal Company,
appellants, v. The United States of America, Interstate Commerce
Commission, General American Transportation Corporation, et al.
Appeal from the District Court of the United States for the Northern
District of California. Decree dismissing the complaint affirmed but
on the ground that the Commission's order is valid and that the peti-
tioners were consequently not entitled to the relief prayed for. Opin-
ion by Mr. Justice Black. Opinion by Mr. Justice Douglas dissenting
in part. Mr. Justice Jackson took no part in the consideration or
decision of this case.
No. 496. M. E. Heiser, petitioner, v. Willie Mae Woodruff et al.
On writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals
for the Tenth Circuit. Judgment reversed with costs and case re-
manded to the District Court of the United States for the Eastern
District of Oklahoma for further proceedings in conformity with the
opinion of this Court. Opinion by Mr. Chief Justice stone announced
by Mr. Justice Black. Dissenting: Mr. Justice Black and Mr. Justice
Douglas. Concurring opinion by Mr. Justice Rutledge. Mr. Justice
Jackson took no part in the consideration or decision of this case.
No. 411. The United States of America v. Judge Eugene Rice,
District Judge for the Eastern District of Oklahoma. On certificate
from the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Tenth Cir-
cuit. Question certified answered "No." The motion of the Govern-
ment to bring up the entire record is denied. Opinion by Mr. Chief
I
H
T

MONDAY, APRIL 22, 1946
211
Justice Stone announced by Mr. Justice Black. Dissenting opinion
by Mr. Justice Douglas in which Mr. Justice Black and Mr. Justice
Rutledge concur. Mr. Justice Jackson took no part in the considera-
tion or decision of this case.
No. 405. Charles Swanson, petitioner, v. Marra Brothers, Inc. On
writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for
the Third Circuit. Judgment affirmed with costs and case remanded
to the District Court of the United States for the Eastern District of
Pennsylvania. Opinion by Mr. Chief Justice Stone announced by Mr.
Justice Black. Mr. Justice Jackson took no part in the consideration
or decision of this case.
Mr. Justice Black announced the following orders of the Court:
No. 984. City and County of Denver, a Municipal Corporation,
appellant, v. William F. McGlone and Continental Casualty Company.
Appeal from the Supreme Court of Colorado. Per curiam: The
motion to dismiss is granted and the appeal is dismissed for want
of a properly presented federal question.
No. 592. Roy Alton Helwig, petitioner, v. The United States of
America. On petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Cir-
cuit Court of Appeals for the Sixth Circuit. Per curiam: The motion
for leave to proceed in forma pauperis is granted. The petition for
writ of certiorari is also granted and the judgment of the Circuit
Court of Appeals is vacated and the cause remanded to the Circuit
Court of Appeals with directions to require the District Court to per-
fect the record. Rule 39 of the Federal Rules of Criminal Procedure.
See Miller v. United States, 317 U. S. 192, 199–200.
No. 12, Original. The United States of America, complainant, v.
The State of California. Pending disposition of the motion to strike
the answer, the Attorney General of the State of California is re-
quested to file with the Clerk on or before May 2 next, and serve upon
the Attorney General of the United States, a copy of a succinct state-
ment, without argument or statement of evidence, of the several prop-
ositions of law and fact, separately stated and enumerated, which he
deems to have been placed in issue by the answer filed in behalf of the
State.
ار
ચક
"
F
ORDER
It is ordered that the call of the docket, except for special assign-
ments, be suspended for the term upon the conclusion of the argu-
ment in case No. 970, and that the Court will then take a recess until
Monday, May 6.
1

MONDAY, APRIL 22, 1946
212
The following orders were not announced orally by Mr. Justice
Black but appear on the list certified and filed with the Clerk:
No. 625. Cecil I. Hust, petitioner, v. Moore-McCormack Lines,
Inc. The motion of National Organization Marine Engineers Benefi-
cial Association et al, for leave to file a brief amici curiae is granted.
No. 109, Misc. In the Matter of O'Neal Massey, petitioner;
No. 110, Misc. Edwin Tompsett, petitioner, v. Frank D. Hender-
son, Warden, etc.;
No. 111, Misc. In the Matter of William Kemmerer, petitioner;
and
No. 112, Misc. Louis David Young, petitioner, v. Joseph W. San-
ford, Warden, etc. The motions for leave to file petitions for writs of
habeas corpus are denied.
No. 113, Misc. Dorsey McMahan, petitioner, v. Rubey M. Hulen,
Judge, U. S. District Court, etc.; and
No. 114, Misc. Dorsey McMahan, petitioner, v. James V. Bennett,
Director, Bureau of Prisons. The motions for leave to file petitions for
writs of mandamus are denied.
No. 959. United States, and Interstate Commerce Commission, ap-
pellants, v. Seatrain Lines, Inc. In this case probable jurisdiction is
noted.
No. 941. Bethlehem Steel Company et al., appellants, v. New York
State Labor Relations Board; and
No. 1048. The Allegheny Ludlum Steel Corporation, appellant, v.
William J. Kelley and H. Myron Lewis, Constituting the State Labor
Relations Board of the State of New York. In these cases probable
jurisdiction is noted and the cases are consolidated for argument. The
Solicitor General is requested to file a brief as amicus curiae and, if
so advised, to participate in the oral argument.
No. 518. Lazarus Joseph, Comptroller of the City of New York,
et al., petitioners, v. Carter & Weekes Stevedoring Company;
No. 519. Lazarus Joseph, Comptroller of the City of New York,
et al., petitioners, v. John T. Clark & Son;
No. 556. The Order of United Commercial Travelers of America,
petitioner, v. Edward C. Wolfe;
No. 636. Murray Winters, appellant, v. The People of the State of
New York; and
No. 750. People of the State of Illinois ex rel. Robert L. Gordon, Di-
rector of Labor, petitioner, v. Nigal D. Campbell, Collector of Internal
Revenue. These cases are restored to the docket and assigned for
reargument before a full bench.
"
72

MONDAY, APRIL 22, 1946
213
No. 786. National Labor Relations Board, petitioner, v. Donnelly
Garment Company, Donnelly Garment Workers' Union et al.; and
No. 787. International Ladies' Garment Workers Union, petitioner,
v. Donnelly Garment Company, Donnelly Garment Workers' Union
and National Labor Relations Board. Petitions for writs of certiorari
to the Circuit Court of Appeals for the Eighth Circuit granted.
No. 812. United States, petitioner, v. Iska W. Carmack. Petition
for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of Appeals for the Eighth
Circuit granted.
No. 909. Ferdinand Fiswick, Jacob F. Mayer, and Fritz Gustav
Rudolph, petitioners, v. United States. Petition for writ of certiorari
to the Circuit Court of Appeals for the Third Circuit granted.
No. 920. United States, petitioner, v. Joseph Ruzicka and Charles
Ruzicka, Individually, and as Co-Partners Trading as Seeley Dairy.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of Appeals for the
Seventh Circuit granted.
No. 968. The Order of Railway Conductors of America, H. W.
Fraser, President, et al., petitioners, v. O. E. Swan et al.; and
No. 969. F. J. Williams, William Bishop, Paul M. Carter, et al.,
etc., petitioners, v. O. E. Swan et al. Petition for writs of certiorari
to the Circuit Court of Appeals for the Seventh Circuit granted.
No. 972. Federal Communications Commission, petitioner, v.
WOKO, Incorporated. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United
States Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia granted.
No. 902. United States, petitioner, v. The Howard P. Foley Com-
pany, Inc. The petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Claims
is granted and the case is transferred to the summary docket.
No. 852. Fred Reynolds and John Percy Reynolds, petitioners, v.
United States. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of
Appeals for the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 871. Upchurch Packing Company, Inc., petitioner, v. United
States. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of Appeals
for the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 884. Alaska Pacific Consolidated Mining Company, petitioner,
v. L. Metcalfe Walling, Administrator of the Wage and Hour Divi-
sion, United States Department of Labor. Petition for writ of certi-
orari to the Circuit Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit denied.
No. 899. The Federal National Bank of Shawnee, Oklahoma,
petitioner, v. The Continental Supply Company. Petition for writ
of certiorari to the Circuit Court of Appeals for the Tenth Circuit
denied.

MONDAY, APRIL 22, 1946
214
No. 912. Paul H. Smart, petitioner, v. Commissioner of Internal
Revenue. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of Ap-
peals for the Second Circuit denied.
No. 913. Harry Civiletti, petitioner, v. Commissioner of Internal
Revenue. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of Ap-
peals for the Second Circuit denied.
No. 915. United States, petitioner, v. Petterson Lighterage & Tow-
ing Corporation et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit
Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit denied.
No. 954. Joseph Merando, Trading as Merando Company, peti-
tioner, v. Joseph Mathy and John Mathy, Co-Partners, Trading as
The Mathy Company. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United
States Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia denied.
No. 967. The Autocar Sales and Service Company, petitioner, v.
A. G. Leonard et al., Not as Individuals, But as Trustees of the Cen-
tral Manufacturing District. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
Supreme Court of Illinois denied.
No. 805. Julian Lentin, Doing Business as J. Lentin Lumber
Company, petitioner, v. Paul A. Porter, Administrator, Office of Price
Administration. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court
of Appeals for the Seventh Circuit denied.
No. 889. Estate of R. A. Sewell, Josephine M. Sewell, Executrix,
petitioner, v. Commissioner of Internal Revenue. Petition for writ
of certiorari to the Circuit Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit
denied.
No. 904. Arrow Packing Corporation and George Newman, peti-
tioners, v. United States. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit
Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit denied.
No. 919. Board of County Commissioners of Marshall County,
State of Oklahoma, et al., petitioners, v. United States. Petition for
writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of Appeals for the Tenth Cir-
cuit denied.
No. 922. O. S. Harper, petitioner, v. The State of Texas. Petition
for writ of certiorari to the Court of Civil Appeals, State of Texas,
denied.
No. 935. Modern Products Supply Company, petitioner, v. Richard
E. Draschenberg. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court
of Appeals for the Sixth Circuit denied.
No. 953. John P. McGrath and Joseph O'Connor, Trustees in Re-
organization of Long Island University, and Long Island University,
Debtor, petitioners, v. Frank Fox. Petition for writ of certiorari to
the Circuit Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit denied.
No. 870. Stanley Taylor and Evelyn Flynn, petitioners, v. Paul A.
Porter, Administrator, Office of Price Administration. Petition for
1
t
1

MONDAY, APRIL 22, 1946
215
writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit
denied.
No. 921. Wichita Coca-Cola Bottling Company, petitioner, v.
United States. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of
Appeals for the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 940. T. P. Cannon et al., petitioners, v. James E. Parker et al.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of Appeals for the
Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 944. Merritt I. Edner, Trustee in Bankruptcy of George H.
Lum, a Bankrupt, petitioner, v. Jenny R. Mathews, Executrix of the
Estate of George B. Mathews, Deceased; and
No. 945. Merritt Edner, Trustee in Bankruptcy of George H. Lum,
a Bankrupt, petitioner, v. Massachusetts Mutual Life Insurance Com-
pany et al. Petition for writs of certiorari to the Circuit Court of
Appeals for the Third Circuit denied.
No. 960. United States, ex rel. Clarence Furton et al., petitioners,
v. F. Ryan Duffy, Judge of the United States District Court for the
Eastern District of Wisconsin. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
Circuit Court of Appeals for the Seventh Circuit denied.
No. 966. Herbert L. Stern, petitioner, v. Carter H. Harrison, Col-
lector of Internal Revenue. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
Circuit Court of Appeals for the Seventh Circuit denied.
No. 977. George S. Allen, Trustee of the Estate of Ash Truck
Lines, Inc., petitioner, v. Union Transfer Company, Doing Business
as Union Freightways. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit
Court of Appeals for the Tenth Circuit denied.
No. 1002. Elias Brailas, petitioner, v. Shepard Steamship Com-
pany. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of Appeals
for the Second Circuit denied.
No. 629. Samuel Perlstein, petitioner, v. William H. Hiatt,
Warden, United States Penitentiary, Lewisburg, Pennsylvania. The
motion for leave to proceed in forma pauperis is granted. The peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of Appeals for the
Third Circuit is also granted.
No. 699. Ernest B. Williams, petitioner, v. Dr. Winfred Over-
holser, Superintendent, St. Elizabeths Hospital. On petition for writ
of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the District
of Columbia;
No. 740. James McGregor, petitioner, v. Joseph E. Ragen, Warden,
etc. On petition for writ of certiorari to the Criminal Court of Cook
County, State of Illinois;
whe

MONDAY, APRIL 22, 1946
216
No. 755. Joseph Greco, petitioner, v. W. C. Parker, Warden, etc.
On petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Missouri;
No. 853. Lawrence E. Cook, petitioner, v. Ralph Howard, as
Warden of the Indiana State Prison. On petition for writ of certio-
rari to the Supreme Court of Indiana;
No. 883. Richard Knight, petitioner, v. The State of Ohio. On
petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Ohio;
No. 885. George E. Hickman, as Administrator of the Estate of
Norman E. Hickman, Deceased, petitioner, v. John M. Taylor and
George Anderson, Individually and Trading as Taylor & Anderson
Towing and Lighterage Company et al. On petition for writ of cer-
tiorari to the Circuit Court of Appeals for the Third Circuit;
No. 893. O. A. Shaver, petitioner, v. Fidelity Bankers Trust Com-
pany, Successors Trustee Under the Last Will of Daniel Briscoe,
Deceased. On petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court
of Tennessee;
No. 898. John Gray and Dora Stuart Gray, petitioners, v. Arthur
Bracey and Adelaide Bracey. On petition for writ of certiorari to
the District Court of Appeal, 3d Appellate District, State of Cali-
fornia;
No. 936. George Douglass, petitioner, v. State of Tennessee. On
petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Tennessee;
No. 949. Amos Dale, petitioner, v. People of the State of California
and Robert A. Heinze, Warden, State Prison at Folsom, et al. On
petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of California;
No. 962. Fred Singer, petitioner, v. Joseph E. Ragen, Warden,
etc. On petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of Will
County, State of Illinois;
No. 964. John Wegrzyn, petitioner, v. Joseph E. Ragen, Warden,
etc. On petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of Will
County, State of Illinois;
No. 965. John Brill, petitioner, v. Joseph E. Ragen, Warden, etc.
On petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of Will County,
State of Illinois;
No. 980. Thomas Bartell, petitioner, v. Walter Nierstheimer,
Warden, etc. On petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court
of Randolph County, State of Illinois;
No. 991. William Buchalter, petitioner, v. People of the State of
Illinois. On petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of
Illinois;
No. 992. John A. Beckley, petitioner, v. The People of the State
of Illinois. On petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court
of Illinois;
657009-46-80
1
1
"
小
F

MONDAY, APRIL 22, 1946
217
No. 1025. Peter Ristich, petitioner, v. The People of the State of
Illinois. On petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of
Illinois;
No. 1026. Emilio Castiglione, petitioner, v. The People of the
State of Illinois. On petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme
Court of Illinois;
No. 1027. Alonzo Pridgen, petitioner, v. The People of the State
of Illinois. On petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court
of Illinois;
No. 1028. Royal Provost, petitioner, v. The People of the State of
Illinois. On petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court
of Illinois;
No. 1029. James Harris, petitioner, v. The People of the State of
Illinois. On petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of
Illinois;
No. 1030. Tom Collins, petitioner, v. Joseph E. Ragen, Warden,
etc. On petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of
Illinois;
No. 1031. Albert Baker, petitioner, v. L. F. Utecht, Warden, etc.
On petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Minnesota;
No. 1036. David Marr, petitioner, v. Joseph E. Ragen, Warden,
etc. On petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of
Illinois;
No. 1038. Edward Morris, petitioner, v. Joseph E. Ragen, Warden,
etc. On petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of Will
County, State of Illinois;
No. 1039. Kenneth Rucker, petitioner, v. People of the State of
Illinois. On petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of
Illinois;
No. 1044. Charles Skinner, petitioner, v. The People of the State
of Illinois. On petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court
of Illinois;
No. 1046. Walter Davidson, petitioner, v. Joseph E. Ragen,
Warden, etc. On petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court
of Will County, State of Illinois;
No. 1054. Charles Webb, petitioner, v. Joseph E. Ragen, Warden,
etc. On petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of
Illinois;
No. 1057. Roy Judd, petitioner, v. People of the State of Illinois.
On petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Illinois;
No. 1058. Eddie Duncan, petitioner, v. Joseph E. Ragen, Warden,
etc. On petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of Will
County, State of Illinois;
'
1
1
二

MONDAY, APRIL 22, 1946
218
No. 1059. Donald L. Skene, petitioner, v. Joseph E. Ragen,
Warden, etc. On petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court
of Kane County, State of Illinois;
No. 1060. William Wright, petitioner, v. Joseph E. Ragen,
Warden, etc. On petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme
Court of Illinois;
No. 1061. Ralph Walter Fehrer, petitioner, v. Joseph E. Ragen,
Warden, etc. On petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme
Court of Illinois;
No. 1062. Wallace Thompson, petitioner, v. Joseph E. Ragen,
Warden, etc. On petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court
of Illinois;
No. 1063. Clifford Farris, petitioner, v. People of the State of Illi-
nois. On petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of
Illinois;
No. 1064. George Ely, petitioner, v. Joseph E. Ragen, Warden,
etc. On petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of
Illinois;
No. 1072. Lester Barnard, petitioner, v. Joseph E. Ragen, Warden,
etc. On petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of Will
County, State of Illinois;
No. 1082. Lawrence Fog, petitioner, v. The People of the State of
Illinois. On petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of
Illinois; and
No. 1083. Emilio Castiglione, petitioner, v. Joseph E. Ragen,
Warden, etc. On petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court
of Illinois. The motions for leave to proceed in forma pauperis in
these cases are granted. The petitions for writs of certiorari are
denied.
No. 963. Walter Fowler, petitioner, v. Joseph E. Ragen, Warden,
etc. On petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of
Illinois;
No. 985. Charles O'Neil, petitioner, v. Cornelius J. Burke, Warden,
Eastern State Penitentiary, et al. On petition for writ of certiorari
to the Supreme Court of Pennsylvania;
No. 1045. Oliver James, petitioner, v. Joseph E. Ragen, Warden,
etc. On petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Illi-
nois; and
No. 1066. Louis Trombley, petitioner, v. People of the State of
Michigan. On petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of
Michigan. The motions for leave to proceed in forma pauperis are
granted. The petitions for writs of certiorari are denied for the rea-
son that applications therefor were not made within the time provided
by law. Sec. 8 (a), Act of February 13, 1925 (43 Stat. 936, 940),
28 U.S. C., Sec. 350.

MONDAY, APRIL 22, 1946
219
No. 658. James Grierson, petitioner, v. Stanley P. Ashe, Warden,
etc., et al.; and
No. 659. James Grierson, petitioner, v. Stanley P. Ashe, Warden,
etc., et al.;
No. 743. Edward Spensky, petitioner, v. Stanley P. Ashe, Warden,
etc.;
No. 796. Joseph A. Farrell, petitioner, v. Commonwealth of Massa-
chusetts;
No. 830. Royal Wayne Rea, petitioner, v. A. McDonald, Warden,
etc.;
No. 847. In the Matter of Percy Arthur Whistler, petitioner; and
No. 917. Gustafus V. Iversen, Edward Widmayer, P. J. Cancelmo,
et al., appellants, v. United States, Interstate Commerce Commission,
et al. The petitions for rehearing in these cases are denied.
No. 94, Misc. Chesteen McConnell, petitioner, v. Alfred F. Dowd,
Warden, etc.; and
No. 383. Cecil L. Wright, petitioner, v. James A. Johnston,
Warden, etc. The motions for leave to file second petitions for re-
hearing are granted. The petitions for rehearing are denied.
No. 112. Herbert M. Gregory, petitioner, v. United States. The
motion for leave to file a fourth petition for rehearing is denied. Mr.
Justice Burton took no part in the consideration or decision of this
application.
Mr. Justice Jackson took no part in the consideration or decision
of the cases in which judgments or orders are this day announced.
No. 12, Original. The United States of America v. The State of
California. Leave granted Lawrence Wards Island Realty Company
to file brief as amicus curiae on motion of Mr. Archibald N. Jordan.
No. 625. Cecil I. Hust, petitioner, v. Moore-McCormack Lines, Inc.
Argument commenced by Mr. B. A. Green for the petitioner and con-
tinued by Mr. Erskine Wood for the respondent.
Adjourned until tomorrow at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Tuesday, April 23, will be as follows: Nos. 625, 9
(and 10, 11, 12, 13), 40, 627, 631 (and 671), 696 (and 697), 719,
809 (and 810, 811), 793, and 843.
✓
!

TUESDAY, APRIL 23, 1946
220
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: Mr. Justice Black, Mr. Justice Reed, Mr. Justice Frank-
furter, Mr. Justice Douglas, Mr. Justice Murphy, Mr. Justice Rut-
ledge, and Mr. Justice Burton.
Mr. Justice Black said:
"Yesterday Chief Justice Harlan F. Stone passed away. His kindli-
ness and courtesy endeared him to all of his brethren on the Court.
His achievements as a lawyer won for him the respect and confidence
of the American Bar. His distinguished service to this Court and to
our country earned for him a high place in the affection and admiration
of all the people of the Nation. Funeral ceremonies will be conducted
at the Washington Cathedral Thursday at 2 p. m. Out of respect
to his memory this Court will now recess until Monday, April 29, at
12 noon."
Adjourned until Monday, April 29, next, at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Monday, April 29, will be as follows: Nos. 625, 9
(and 10, 11, 12, 13), 40, 627, 719, 696 (and 697), 843, 631 (and
671), 793, and 630.
657009-16 ———81

MONDAY, APRIL 29, 1946
221
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: Mr. Justice Black, Mr. Justice Reed, Mr. Justice Frank-
furter, Mr. Justice Douglas, Mr. Justice Murphy, Mr. Justice Rut-
ledge, and Mr. Justice Burton.
Allen D. Holloway, of Chicago, Ill.; I. R. Kelso, of Cape Girardeau,
Mo.; Byron George Shelton, of Temple, Tex.; Emerson Hopp, of St.
Peter, Minn.; Bernard S. Golawski, of Cleveland, Ohio; Stanton H.
Prentiss, of Aledo, Ill.; Charles M. Nisen, of Chicago, Ill.; William
Henry Arthur, of Kansas City, Mo.; Harry Morrison, of Crawford-
ville, Fla.; Lucien Hilmer, of New York, N. Y.; Otis B. Bosworth,
of Cleveland, Ohio; Murray Sargent, Jr., of New York, N. Y.; Walker
W. Lowry, of San Francisco, Calif.; Sydney A. Gutkin of Newark,
N. J.; Ralph Hammar, of Erie, Pa.; Irene L. MacMaster, of Dallas,
Tex.; Paul Byron Roesch, of Cleveland, Ohio; Philip R. Shiff, of
New Haven, Conn.; Mae Turner Anderson, of Logansport, Ind.;
Andrew J. MacMaster, of Dallas, Tex.; Elizabeth B. Cassidy, of San
Francisco, Calif.; Edmund M. Squire, of New York, N. Y.; Vera P.
Street, of Dallas, Tex.; Theodore N. Constant, of Chicago, Ill.;
Donald McDonald, of Omaha, Nebr.; Samuels McPheeters Glasgow,
Jr., of Nashville, Tenn.; J. Fearon Brown, of New York, N. Y.;
Thomas F. Murphy, of New York, N. Y.; Louis C. Cosdon, of Silver
Spring, Md.; Frank Taylor Cotter, of New York, N. Y.; Lenora
Schwartz, of New York, N. Y.; Irving M. Gruber, of New York, N. Y.;
and James Arthur Gleason, of Cleveland, Ohio, were admitted to
practice.
No. 603. First Iowa Hydro-Electric Cooperative, petitioner, v.
Federal Power Commission et al. On writ of certiorari to the United
States Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia. Judgment
reversed and case remanded to the Court of Appeals with directions
to remand to the Federal Power Commission for further proceedings
in conformity with the opinion of this Court. Opinion by Mr. Justice
Burton. Dissenting opinion by Mr. Justice Frankfurter. Mr.
Justice Jackson took no part in the consideration or decision of this
case.
No. 384. Forrest S. Smith, Trustee of the Property of Hoboken
Manufacturers Railroad Company, Debtor, et al., petitioners, v. Ho-
boken Railroad, Warehouse and Steamship Connecting Company, and
Hoboken Land and Improvement Company. On writ of certiorari to
the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Third Circuit.
657009-46-82
1
}
F
M

MONDAY, APRIL 29, 1946
222
Judgment reversed and case remanded to the District Court of the
United States for the District of New Jersey with directions to stay
proceedings pending a decision by the Interstate Commerce Com-
mission on the questions indicated in the opinion of this Court.
Opinion by Mr. Justice Douglas. Mr. Justice Jackson took no part
in the consideration or decision of this case.
No. 42. Guy A. Thompson, Trustee, The St. Louis, Brownsville and
Mexico Railway Company, Debtor, and the St. Louis, Brownsville and
Mexico Railway Company, petitioners, v. The Texas Mexican Railway
Company. On writ of certiorari to the Court of Civil Appeals for
the Fourth Supreme Judicial District of Texas. Judgment reversed
and case remanded to the Court of Civil Appeals so that the case may
be held pending the conclusion of appropriate administrative pro-
ceedings. Opinion by Mr. Justice Douglas. Mr. Justice Jackson took
no part in the consideration or decision of this case.
No. 517. D. A. Schulte, Inc., petitioner, v. Salvatore Gangi, Suing
on Behalf of Himself and Other Employees Similarly Situated. On
writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for
the Second Circuit. Judgment affirmed with costs and case remanded
to the District Court for the Southern District of New York. Opin-
ion by Mr. Justice Reed. Dissenting opinion by Mr. Justice Frank-
furter in which Mr. Justice Burton concurs. The late Chief Justice
participated in the hearing and disposition of this case and had joined
in the dissent of Mr. Justice Frankfurter. Mr. Justice Jackson tool
no part in the consideration or decision of this case.
Mr. Justice Black announced the following order of the Court:
No. 1009. Georgianna Boucher Gosselin, appellant, v. Christine D.
Kelley, Superintendent, Reformatory for Women. Appeal from the
Supreme Judicial Court of Maine. Per curiam: The motion for leave
to proceed in forma pauperis is granted. The appeal is dismissed for
want of a substantial federal question. Mr. Justice Douglas and
Mr. Justice Rutledge dissent.
The following orders were not announced orally by Mr. Justice
Black but appear on the list certified by him and filed with the Clerk.
~ No. 115, Misc. Samuel H. Foxall, petitioner, v. Joseph E. Ragen,
Warden, etc.; and
No. 116, Misc. James Dobry, petitioner, v. Neil Olson, Warden,
etc. The motions for leave to file petitions for writs of habeas corpus
are denied.
F

MONDAY, APRIL 29, 1946
223
No. 1010. The Interstate Commerce Commission, appellant, v.
A. L. Mechling, Doing Business Under the Trade Name and Style of
A. L. Mechling Barge Line, et al. In this case probable jurisdiction
is noted.
No. 961. Charles B. Morris, appellant, v. Paul F. Jones, Director
of Insurance of the State of Illinois. Further consideration of the
question of jurisdiction in this case is postponed until the hearing on
the merits.
No. 973. Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System et al.,
petitioners, v. John Agnew, F. O. Fayerweather. Petition for writ
of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the District
of Columbia granted.
No. 942. United States, petitioner, v. Legh R. Powell, Jr., and
Henry W. Anderson, as Receivers of the Properties and Assets of
Seaboard Air Line Railway Company. Petition for writ of cer-
tiorari to the Circuit Court of Appeals for the Fourth Circuit is
granted and the case is transferred to the summary docket.
No. 943. United States, petitioner, v. Atlantic Coast Line Railroad
Company. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of
Appeals for the Fourth Circuit is granted and the case is transferred
to the summary docket.
No. 994. Beulah B. Crane, petitioner, v. Commissioner of Internal
Revenue. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of
Appeals for the Second Circuit is granted and the case is transferred
to the summary docket.
No. 997. Edward Katzinger Company, petitioner, v. Chicago Me-
tallic Mfg. Company; and
No. 998. Edward Katzinger Company, petitioner, v. Chicago Me-
tallic Mfg. Company. Petition for writs of certiorari to the Circuit
Court of Appeals for the Seventh Circuit is granted and the cases are
assigned for argument immediately following No. 410.
No. 1116. Paul A. Porter, Administrator, Office of Price Admin-
istration, petitioner, v. Dr. Lucas J. Lee and Hazel Lee; and
No. 1117. Paul A. Porter, Administrator, Office of Price Admin-
istration, petitioner, v. Hazel Lee and Lucas J. Lee, Agent, and Sue
Lakenan, Justice of the Peace, Covington, Kentucky. Petition for
writs of certiorari to the Circuit Court of Appeals for the Sixth Cir-
cuit granted and the cases are assigned for argument on Monday,
May 13.
No. 1118. Paul A. Porter, Administrator, Office of Price Admin-
istration, petitioner, v. Mary Jo Dicken and Elizabeth M. Dicken et al.

MONDAY,
APRIL 29, 1946
224
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of Appeals for the
Sixth Circuit granted and the case is assigned for argument on Mon-
day, May 13.
No. 714. United States, petitioner, v. Edmund Carl Heine. Peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of Appeals for the
Second Circuit denied.
No. 891. Cecil McKown, petitioner, v. State of Florida. Petition
for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Florida denied.
No. 925. German-American Vocational League, Inc., petitioner, v.
United States;
No. 926. D. A. B. Recreational Resort, Inc., petitioner, v. United
States;
No. 927. Fritz Schroeder, petitioner, v. United States;
No. 928. Albert Robert Bertram, petitioner, v. United States;
No. 929. Guenther Gibbe, petitioner, v. United States;
No. 930. Otto Bremer, petitioner, v. United States;
No. 931. Theodore Koehn, petitioner, v. United States;
No. 932. Joseph Lieblein, petitioner, v. United States; and
No. 933. Gustave Schmidt, petitioner, v. United States. Petition
for writs of certiorari to the Circuit Court of Appeals for the Third
Circuit denied.
No. 934. Greene County National Farm Loan Association et al.,
petitioners, v. The Federal Land Bank of Louisville et al. Petition for
writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of Appeals for the Sixth
Circuit denied.
No. 974. Lewis Hays, petitioner, v. Bank of America National
Trust and Savings Association, etc.; and
No. 975. F. Porteous, Individually, and F. Porteous, as Agent,
petitioners, v. Bank of America National Trust and Savings Associa-
tion, etc. Petition for writs of certiorari to the District Court of
Appeal, Third Appellate District, State of California, denied.
No. 976. Jacob R. Stein, Charged as Jack R. Stein, petitioner, v.
United States. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court
of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit denied.
No. 978. Leslie G. Bowen, petitioner, v. United States. Petition
for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of Appeals for the Eighth
Circuit denied.
No. 979. 11,000 Acres of Land, More or Less, Situated in Smith
County, Texas, et al., petitioners, v. United States. Petition for writ
of certiorari to the Circuit Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit
denied.
No. 983. Agwilines, Inc., petitioner, v. Motorship "San Veronico,"
Her Engines, etc., Eagle Oil & Shipping Company, Ltd. Petition
*
"
"
a
1

MONDAY, APRIL 29, 1946
225
for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of Appeals for the Second
Circuit denied.
No. 990. H. Reeve Angel & Co., Inc., petitioner, v. United States.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Customs and Patent
Appeals denied.
No. 1000. Indemnity Insurance Company of North America, a
Foreign Corporation, petitioner, v. Ada Smoot. Petition for writ
of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the District of
Columbia denied.
No. 1004. Eastern Transportation Company, petitioner, v. Ritner
K. Walling and Martug Towing Company; and
No. 1005. Eastern Transportation Company, petitioner, v. Ritner
K. Walling and Martug Towing Company. Petitions for writs of
certiorari to the Circuit Court of Appeals for the Third Circuit
denied.
No. 1011. John P. Hudock, Executor of the Estate of Michael G.
Hudock, Deceased, petitioner, v. William C. Freeman, Secretary of
Banking of the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania, Receiver of Penn-
sylvania Liberty Bank and Trust Company. Petition for writ of
certiorari to the Supreme Court of the Commonwealth of Pennsyl-
vania denied.
No. 1013. Robert R. Hare, petitioner, v. United States;
No. 1014. John M. Hare, petitioner, v. United States; and
No. 1015. Clinton L. Hare, petitioner, v. United States. On peti-
tion for writs of certiorari to the Circuit Court of Appeals for the
Seventh Circuit. On consideration of the suggestion of a diminution
of the record and motion for a writ of certiorari in that relation, the
motion for a writ of certiorari is granted. The petition for writs of
certiorari is denied.
No. 86. William H. Griffin, petitioner, v. Grace H. Griffin;
No. 693. Barney E. Gaskill et al., petitioners, v. Claude A. Roth,
Trustee of the Property of The Chicago & North Western Railway
Company, et al.;
No. 805. Julian Lentin, Doing Business as J. Lentin Lumber Com-
pany, petitioner, v. Paul A. Porter, Administrator, Office of Price
Administration;
No. 862. William B. Wells, petitioner, v. People of the State of
Illinois; and
No. 880. Harry J. Alker, Jr., and Mamie Du Ban, Individually,
and as Executrix of the Estate of Alfred A. Du Ban, Deceased, peti-
tioners, v. Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation. The petitions for
rehearing in these cases are denied.
4
"
1

MONDAY, APRIL 29, 1946
226
No. 275. Edith Nycum, petitioner, v. City of Altoona, State of
Pennsylvania. The motion for leave to file a second petition for re-
hearing is granted. The petition for rehearing is denied. Mr. Jus-
tice Burton took no part in the consideration or decision of these
applications.
Mr. Justice Jackson took no part in the consideration or decision
of the cases in which judgments or orders are this day announced.
No. 946. Harry A. Badt, Captain, United States Navy, petitioner,
v. United States ex rel. Blanche Ulman Reel, For and On Behalf of
Frederick U. Reel. On petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit
Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit. Petition for certiorari
dismissed on motion of Mr. Solicitor General McGrath.
No. 1074. Winding Gulf Collieries, petitioner, v. The Board of
Education of the County of Raleigh, West Virginia, and Allemannia
Fire Insurance Company. Time extended to and including May 9
within which petitioner may file reply brief, on application of counsel
for the petitioner.
No. 625. Cecil I. Hust, petitioner, v. Moore-McCormack Lines, Inc.
Argument resumed by Mr. Erskine Wood for the respondent, con-
tinued by Mr. Erskine Wood, Jr., for the respondent, and concluded
by Mr. Abraham E. Freedman for the petitioner. Leave granted
respondent to file additional brief by May 10.
No. 9. United Brotherhood of Carpenters and Joiners of America,
petitioners, v. The United States of America;
No. 10. The Bay Counties District Council of Carpenters of the
United Brotherhood of Carpenters and Joiners of America et al. v.
The United States of America;
No. 11. Lumber Products Association, Inc., Acme Manufacturing
Co., Inc., et al., petitioners, v. The United States of America;
No. 12. Alameda County Building and Construction Trades Coun-
cil, petitioner, v. The United States of America; and
No. 13. Boorman Lumber Company, Hogan Lumber Company,
Loop Lumber & Mill Company, et al., petitioners, v. The United States
of America. Reargument commenced by Mr. Charles H. Tuttle for
the petitioners in Nos. 9 and 10, and continued by Mr. Holmes
Baldridge for the respondent.
Adjourned until tomorrow at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Tuesday, April 30, will be as follows: Nos. 9 (and
10, 11, 12, 13), 40, 627, 719, 696 (and 697), 843, 631 (and 671),
793, 630, 809 (and 810, 811).
☑
1
"

TUESDAY, APRIL 30, 1946
227
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: Mr. Justice Black, Mr. Justice Reed, Mr. Justice Frank-
furter, Mr. Justice Douglas, Mr. Justice Murphy, Mr. Justice Rut-
ledge, and Mr. Justice Burton.
Harry Moorman Stanfield, of Dallas, Tex.; John Emmet Gaughan,
of Camden, Ark.; James Thomas Gooch, of Wynne, Ark.; Price
Daniel, of Liberty, Tex.; Charles Edward Long, Jr., of Dallas, Tex.;
Edward G. Linsley, of Salt Lake City, Utah; Philip G. Rettig, of
Chicago, Ill.; John S. Shedden, of New York, N. Y.; Ernest J. Ellen-
wood, of New York, N. Y.; Milton Fischer, of New York, N. Y.;
Chester Bedell, of Jacksonville, Fla.; Robert Harvey Thompson, of
Jackson, Miss.; Charles Whaley Moxley, of Charleston, W. Va.; Leslie
Clifford, of New York, N. Y.; Robert Vance Brown, of Boston, Mass.;
Edward H. Walworth, Jr., of Chicago, Ill.; Harold E. Spencer, of
Chicago, Ill.; Francis James O'Hara, Jr., of New York, N. Y.; John
Chisman Hanes, of Pine Hall, N. C.; Arnold I. Dumey, of New York,
N. Y.; Wesley Glenn Harding, of Washington, D. C.; M. Harold
Goodman, of Washington, D. C.; Henry P. Pate, of New Orleans, La.;
Robert Meck Weston, of New York, N. Y.; Sturgis Warner, of
Ipswich, Mass.; Herman S. Merrell, of Rocky Mount, N. C.; E. Vance
Mallory, of Flint, Mich.; Richard Morton Root, of Des Moines, Iowa;
Joseph H. Edgar, of San Francisco, Calif.; Irving I. Axelrad, of
Washington, D. C.; Robert M. Ortale, of Kingston, N. Y.; Robert G.
Miller, of New York, N. Y.; Willis David Curtiss, Jr., of Sodus, N. Y.;
Nora Gray Springfield, of Marlin, Tex.; Sinclair Hatch, of New York,
N. Y.; C. E. Duncan, of Tavares, Fla.; and Tom M. Alderson, of
Seattle, Wash., were admitted to practice.
No. 9. United Brotherhood of Carpenters and Joiners of America,
petitioners, v. The United States of America;
No. 10. The Bay Counties District Council of Carpenters of the
United Brotherhood of Carpenters and Joiners of America et al., pe-
titioners, v. The United States of America;
No. 11. Lumber Products Association, Inc., Acme Manufacturing
Co., Inc., et al., petitioners, v. The United States of America;
No. 12. Alameda County Building and Construction Trades Coun-
cil, petitioner, v. The United States of America; and
No. 13. Boorman Lumber Company, Hogan Lumber Company,
657009-46- -83
i
1

TUESDAY, APRIL 30, 1946
228
Loop Lumber & Mill Company, et al., petitioners, v. The United States
of America. Reargument concluded by Mr. Holmes Baldridge for
the respondent. Cases submitted by Mr. Joseph O. Carson II, Mr.
Harry N. Routzohn, Mr. Hugh K. McKevitt, and Mr. Jack M. Howard
for petitioner, Bay County District Council of Carpenters, in No. 10;
by Mr. Maurice E. Harrison for petitioners in No. 11; by Mr. Guy C.
Calden and Mr. Clarence E. Todd for petitioner in No. 12; and by Mr.
Morgan J. Doyle for petitioners in No. 13.
No. 40. Defense Plant Corporation, appellant, v. County of
Beaver, Pennsylvania. Reconstruction Finance Corporation substi-
tuted as the party appellant in place of Defense Plant Corporation,
which has been ordered dissolved by Act of Congress of June 30, 1945,
on motion of Mr. Robert L. Stern.
No. 40. Reconstruction Finance Corporation, appellant, v. County
of Beaver, Pennsylvania. Argued by Mr. Robert L. Stern for the
appellant; by Mr. John G. Marshall and Mr. Edward G. Bothwell
for the appellee; by Mr. John L. Nourse for the State of California,
as amicus curiae, and by Mr. Sherrill Halbert for the County of
Stanislaus, California, as amicus curiae, by special leave of Court.
No. 627. Howard Hall Company, Inc., appellant, v. The United
States of America and Interstate Commerce Commission. Argument
commenced by Mr. Harold G. Hernly for the appellant.
Adjourned until tomorrow at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Wednesday, May 1, will be as follows: Nos. 627,
719, 630, 843, 631 (and 671), 793, 696 (and 697), 809 (and 810,
811), and 970.
Х
1

WEDNESDAY, MAY 1, 1946
229
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: Mr. Justice Black, Mr. Justice Reed, Mr. Justice Frank-
furter, Mr. Justice Douglas, Mr. Justice Murphy, Mr. Justice Rutledge,
and Mr. Justice Burton.
William E. Miller, of Johnson City, Tenn.; Robert L. Taylor, of
Milligan College, Tenn.; George C. Updegraff, of Washington, D. C.;
John H. Pickering, of Washington, D. C.; Ernest F. Hom, of Wash-
ington, D. C.; James Haws Epps, Jr., of Johnson City, Tenn.; John
K. V. Goff, of Syracuse, N. Y.; Alexander Cohen, of Philadelphia,
Pa.; Harry J. Gross, of New York, N. Y.; George W. Townsend, of
Minneapolis, Minn.; John Seaman Bainbridge, of Baltimore, Md.;
Ivar H. Peterson, of Arlington, Va.; Grant A. Brown, of Salt Lake
City, Utah; William S. Tyson, of Greenville, N. C.; Sarah A. Charles,
of Washington, D. C.; and Katharine P. Crowley, of Washington,
D. C., were admitted to practice.
No. 627. Howard Hall Company, Inc., appellant, v. The United
States of America and Interstate Commerce Commission. Argument
continued by Mr. Daniel W. Knowlton for the appellees and concluded
by Mr. Harold G. Hernly for the appellant.
No. 719. W. Daniel Pinkerton and Walter G. Pinkerton, peti-
tioners, v. The United States of America. Argued by Mr. John S.
Tucker, Jr., for the petitioners and by Mr. W. Marvin Smith for the
respondent.
No. 630. The United States, petitioner, v. Thomas Lee Causby and
Wife, Tinie Causby. Argued by Mr. Walter E. Cummings for the
petitioner and by Mr. William E. Comer for the respondent.
Adjourned until tomorrow at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Thursday, May 2, will be as follows: Nos. 843, 631
(and 671), 793, 696 (and 697), 809 (and 810, 811), and 970.
☑
1
1
1
i
1
i
་
'
1
1
1
657009-46– -84
i
'

THURSDAY, MAY 2, 1946
230
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: Mr. Justice Black, Mr. Justice Reed, Mr. Justice Frank-
furter, Mr. Justice Douglas, Mr. Justice Murphy, Mr. Justice Rut-
ledge, and Mr. Justice Burton.
Tom Stewart, of Winchester, Tenn.; Henry Hamill Fowler, of
Alexandria, Va.; Reeve Lewis, of Washington, D. C.; Allan Oakley
Hunter, of Fresno, Calif.; Mark T. Little, of Arlington, Va.; Fred-
erick M. Eaton, of New York, N. Y.; Lloyd K. Garrison, of Madison.
Wis.; Edward A. Donahoe, of Omaha, Nebr.; James Arnold Carter,
of Arlington, Va.; Benjamin B. Knight, of San Mateo, Calif.; Earl
W. Wingo, of Lynchburg, Va.; Robert J. O'Connor, of Sioux City,
Iowa; Jessie Walton Karsted, of Washington, D. C.; Walter H.
Robinson, of Philadelphia, Pa.; Herbert Burton Brill, of New York,
N. Y.; and Neil A. Riley, of Minneapolis, Minn., were admitted to
practice.
ORDER
It is ordered by this Court that the bond of the Marshal, Thomas E.
Waggaman, dated May 2, 1946, be, and the same is, this day approved
and ordered to be recorded.
No. 843. Securities and Exchange Commission, petitioner, v. W. J.
Howey Company and Howey-in-the-Hills Service, Inc. Argued by
Mr. Roger S. Foster for the petitioner and by Mr. C. E. Duncan and
Mr. George C. Bedell for the respondents.
No. 631. Lee Van Woods, petitioner. v. Walter Nierstheimer.
Warden, Illinois State Penitentiary, Menard, Illinois; and
No. 671. Lee Van Woods, petitioner, v. Walter Nierstheimer,
Warden, Illinois State Penitentiary, Menard, Illinois. Argued by
Mr. Edward H. Levi for the petitioner and by Mr. William C. Wines
for the respondent.
No. 793. Paul A. Porter, Administrator, Office of Price Adminis-
tration, petitioner, v. Warner Holding Company. Argument com-
menced by Mr. Milton Klein for the petitioner.
Adjourned until tomorrow at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Friday, May 3, will be as follows: Nos. 793, 696
(and 697), 809 (and 810, 811), and 970.
☑
657009-46-85

FRIDAY, MAY 3, 1946
231
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: Mr. Justice Black, Mr. Justice Reed, Mr. Justice Frank-
furter, Mr. Justice Douglas, Mr. Justice Murphy, Mr. Justice Rut-
ledge, and Mr. Justice Burton.
Gardner L. Boothe, of Alexandria, Va.; Armistead L. Boothe,
of Alexandria, Va.; Clarence A. Stark, of Minneapolis, Minn.; Mar-
vin J. McMahon, of Sioux Falls, S. Dak.; Israel W. Tannenbaum,
of New York, N. Y.; J. Francis Hayden, of New York, N. Y.; Herman
Wolkinson, of Brooklyn, N. Y.; J. Frank Norris Dennard, of Hen-
derson, Tex.; Annice Pearle Mount, of Washington, D. C.; Benjamin
B. Robin, of New York, N. Y.; Charles R. Schram, of Louisville,
Ky.; Marco J. Shemaria, of New York, N. Y.; Lloyd G. Hanley, of
Marshall, Mo.; Roy O. Goldin, of Denver, Colo.; Thomas X. Dunn,
of Washington, D. C.; Carl McGowan, of Washington, D. C.; Clif-
ford P. Case, of Rahway, N. J.; Max H. Galfunt, of New York,
N. Y.; Mansur Tinsley, of Boulder, Colo.; Amy Ruth Mahin, of
Washington, D. C.; I. Jonas Speciner, of New York, N. Y.; M. H.
Goldstein, of Philadelphia, Pa.; J. Read Smith, of New York, N. Y.;
Edward Charles Kos Koba, of Chicago, Ill.; Jess Nathan, of Tulsa,
Okla.; and Homer A. Walkup, of Mount Hope, W. Va., were ad-
mittted to practice.
No. 793. Paul A. Porter, Administrator, Office of Price Adminis-
tration, petitioner, v. Warner Holding Company. Argument con-
tinued by Mr. Milton Klein for the petitioner, by Mr. G. W. Town-
send for the respondent, and concluded by Mr. Milton Klein for the
petitioner.
No. 696. The United States, petitioner, v. Joseph A. Holpuch
Company; and
No. 697. The United States, petitioner, v. Joseph A. Holpuch
Company. Argued by Mr. Abraham J. Harris for the petitioner. No
appearance for the respondent.
No. 809. The United States, petitioner, v. Robert Morss Lovett;
No. 810. The United States, petitioner, v. Goodwin B. Watson;
and
657009-46-
-
-86

FRIDAY, MAY 3, 1946
232
No. 811. The United States, petitioner, v. William E. Dodd, Jr.
Argument commenced by Mr. Ralph F. Fuchs for the petitioner;
continued by Mr. John C. Gall for the Congress of the United States
under House Resolution 386, and Public Law 249, 78th Congress, as
amicus curiae, by special leave of Court; by Charles A. Horsky for
the respondents; and by John C. Gall for the Congress of the United
States.
Adjourned until Monday, May 6, next, at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Monday, May 6, will be as follows: Nos. 809 (810
and 811), and 970.
✓

MONDAY, MAY 6, 1946
233
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: Mr. Justice Black, Mr. Justice Reed, Mr. Justice Frank-
furter, Mr. Justice Douglas, Mr. Justice Murphy, Mr. Justice Rut-
ledge, and Mr. Justice Burton.
John E. Chambers, of Danville, Ark.; Audrey Strait, of Morrilton,
Ark.; Spencer Shropshire, of Nashville, Tenn.; William Busey Arnold,
of Robinson, Ill.; George Hay Kain, Jr., of York, Pa.; William Henry
Kain, of York, Pa.; Sheldon E. Bernstein, of Chicago, Ill.; Norman
A. Eisner of San Francisco, Calif.; Lawrence S. Grauman, of Louis-
ville, Ky.; Wm. M. Maxfield, of San Francisco, Calif.; DeLano
Andrews, of New York, N. Y.; Leo Lawrence Linck, of Ravenna,
Mich.; Harley S. Cook, of Cleveland, Ohio; and Burton L. Walsh, of
San Francisco, Calif., were admitted to practice.
No. 320. Federal Trade Commission, petitioner, v. A. P. W. Paper
Company, Inc. On writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit
Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit. Judgment affirmed and
case remanded to the Circuit Court of Appeals. Opinion by Mr.
Justice Douglas. Mr. Justice Jackson took no part in the consideration
or decision of this case.
No. 354. Stanley Howitt, Flora Post Lee, James Dewhurst, and
Terence P. O'Rourke, petitioners, v. The United States of America.
On writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals
for the Fifth Circuit. Judgment affirmed and case remanded to the
District Court of the United States for the Southern District of
Florida. Opinion by Mr. Justice Black. Mr. Justice Jackson took
no part in the consideration or decision of this case.
Mr. Justice Black announced the following orders of the Court:
No. 627. Howard Hall Company, Inc., appellant, v. The United
States of America and Interstate Commerce Commission. Appeal
from the District Court of the United States for the Northern District
of Alabama. Per curiam: The judgment is affirmed. Alton Railroad
Co. v. United States, 315 U. S. 15; United States v. Carolina Freight
Carriers Corp., 315 U. S. 475; Howard Hall Co., Inc., v. United States,
315 U. S. 495.
No. 1087. Federal Trade Commission, petitioner, v. S. Buchsbaum
& Company. On writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of Appeals
for the Seventh Circuit. Per curiam: The petition for a writ of cer-
tiorari is granted. A trial examiner of the Federal Trade Commission
657009-46-87

MONDAY, MAY 6, 1946
234
died after having heard some of the witnesses in these proceedings.
Respondent moved that the new trial examiner start the proceedings
anew and hear all the evidence de novo. The Commission denied this
motion. In the enforcement proceeding before the Circuit Court of
Appeals respondent assigned this denial as one of a number of alleged
errors. On that ground alone, and without passing on others urged
by petitioner, the Circuit Court of Appeals refused to enforce the
Commission's order. Respondent here moves for leave to file a written
waiver of the assigned error relied on by the Court below and also
moves that the Circuit Court of Appeals judgment be reversed and
that the case be remanded for consideration of the other errors
assigned below. Motion for leave to file written waiver is granted.
The judgment of the Circuit Court of Appeals is vacated and the case
is remanded for consideration of the other errors assigned below.
The following orders were not announced orally by Mr. Justice
Black but appear on the list certified by him and filed with the Clerk:
ORDER
It is ordered that the portion of rule 46 of the Rules of Practice for
the Courts of the United States in Admiralty and Maritime Juris-
diction which was adopted by the Supreme Court of the United States
on June 8, 1942, and provides for the impounding of proceedings in
admiralty cases be, and the same is hereby, suspended.
It is further ordered that the following provision be, and the same
is hereby, added to Admiralty Rule 46:
"Neither the plain language nor the coded text nor the exact trans-
lation of any message or dispatch encoded or encyphered by any
department or agency of the United States or by any government allied
with the United States in war shall be placed of record in pleadings,
evidence, or testimony or disclosed in any manner in any proceeding
without the prior consent of the department or agency of the United
States or allied government which encoded or encyphered such mes-
sage or dispatch. A paraphrase of the substance of such message
or dispatch, prepared and certified as such by an officer of such depart-
ment or agency, shall be admissible for all purposes for which the
plain language message or dispatch would, save for this rule, have
been admitted."
In The Matter of the Disbarment of H. Eugene Gardner. A rule
is ordered to issue requiring H. Eugene Gardner to show cause why
he should not be disbarred from the further practice of the law in
this Court.
lik
1

MONDAY, MAY 6, 1946
235
No. 911. Arch R. Everson, appellant, v. Board of Education of the
Township of Ewing, in the County of Mercer, et al., and
No. 1019. International Harvester Company, appellant, v. Tax
Commissioner of Ohio. In these cases probable jurisdiction is noted.
No. 34. United Federal Workers of America (C. I. O.) et al., appel-
lants, v. Harry B. Mitchell, Lucille Foster McMillin and Arthur S.
Fleming. This case is restored to the docket for reargument.
No. 950. National Labor Relations Board, petitioner, v. A. J. Tower
Company. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of
Appeals for the First Circuit granted.
No. 996. American Stevedores, Inc., petitioner, v. Rosario Porello
and The United States of America. Petition for writ of certiorari
to the Circuit Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit granted.
No. 764. Harice LeRoy Carter, petitioner, v. The People of the State
of Illinois. The motion for leave to proceed in forma pauperis is
granted. The petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court
of Illinois is also granted.
No. 1103. George William Dodez, petitioner, v. The United States.
The petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of Appeals for
the Sixth Circuit is granted and the case is transferred to the sum-
mary docket and set to follow No. 221.
No. 644. Williams-Bauer Corporation and Conti-Williams Cor-
poration, petitioners, v. Giorolomo De Pasquale, Joseph Ciminna,
and William Morton. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit
Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit denied.
No. 908. Mario Mercado Riera, Executor, et al., petitioners, v.
Maria Luisa Mercado Riera De Belaval et al. Petition for writ of
certiorari to the Circuit Court of Appeals for the First Circuit denied.
No. 982. J. B. Wheat, petitioner, v. The Texas Land and Mortgage
Company, Limited, and E. T. O'Daniel. Petition for writ of cer-
tiorari to the Circuit Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 986. Harbor Marine Contracting Company and Liberty Mutual
Insurance Company, petitioners, v. Samuel S. Lowe, Deputy Com-
missioner of the United States Employees' Compensation Commis-
sion, Second Compensation District, and Frances Riviello. Petition
for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of Appeals for the Second
Circuit denied..

MONDAY, MAY 6, 1946
236
No. 989. The William Spencer & Son Corporation, petitioner, v.
Samuel S. Lowe, Deputy Commissioner of the United States Em-
ployees' Compensation Commission, Second Compensation District
and Louis Lindenberg. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit
Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit denied.
No. 995. T. A. Small, petitioner, v. United States. Petition for
writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of Appeals for the Ninth Cir-
cuit denied.
No. 999. Pressed Steel Car Company, Inc., petitioner, v. Commis-
sioner of Internal Revenue. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
Circuit Court of Appeals for the Third Circuit denied.
No. 1001. Estate of Ethel M. Du Val, Deceased, by Thomas M.
Robinson, Jr., et al., as Executors, petitioners, v. Commissioner of
Internal Revenue. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court
of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit denied.
No. 1016. Rose Mary Hash, petitioner, v. Commissioner of Internal
Revenue; and
No. 1017. G. Lester Hash, petitioner, v. Commissioner of Internal
Revenue. Petition for writs of certiorari to the Circuit Court of
Appeals for the Fourth Circuit denied.
No. 1021. The 415 Fifth Avenue Company, Inc., petitioner, v. John
F. X. Finn, as Trustee of Childs Company. Petition for writ of
certiorari to the Circuit Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit
denied.
No. 1043. Burton C. Meighan, Jr., as Substituted Trustee Under
the Last Will and Testament of William T. Wood, Deceased, peti-
tioner, v. John F. X. Finn, as Trustee of Childs Company. Petition
for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of Appeals for the Second
Circuit denied.
No. 1033. F. A. Gillespie, petitioner, v. Commissioner of Internal
Revenue. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of
Appeals for the Tenth Circuit denied.
No. 1047. Mary Lois McIntosh, petitioner, v. Charles Wiggins and
Mississippi Valley Trust Company, as Executors U/W of Ella L.
Wiggins, Deceased, et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme
Court of Missouri denied.
No. 1078. Abraham Jeskowitz, petitioner, v. Leonard H. Carter,
Trustee in Bankruptcy of Union Fabrics, Inc. Petition for writ of
certiorari to the Circuit Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit
denied.
No. 1081. Hilda M. Glasser, as Trustee in Bankruptcy of the Estate
of Helen Russell Rogers, petitioner, v. Charles Francis Rogers, Helen

MONDAY, MAY 6, 1946
237
Russell Rogers, and Harry N. Wessel. Petition for writ of certiorari
to the Circuit Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit denied.
No. 1092. Metallizing Engineering Co., Inc., petitioner, v. Kenyon
Bearing & Auto Parts Co., Inc., et al. Petition for writ of certiorari
to the Circuit Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit denied.
No. 1154. Basil R. Crampton, petitioner, v. Crampton Manufactur-
ing Company. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of
Appeals for the Sixth Circuit denied.
No. 952. Bertha Florence Sabin, and M. R. Sabin, petitioners, v.
Home Owners' Loan Corporation, a Corporation, George J. Over-
myer, and Brenda E. Overmyer. The motion for leave to proceed
on a typewritten record is granted. The petition for writ of cer-
tiorari to the Circuit Court of Appeals for the Tenth Circuit is
denied.
No. 797. Orville C. Garrison, petitioner, v. James A. Johnston,
Warden, etc. On petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court
of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit ;
No. 857. Bernard Paul Coy, petitioner, v. United States. On peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of Appeals for the
Sixth Circuit;
No. 887. William Copeland, petitioner, v. United States. On peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for
the District of Columbia.
No. 939. W. E. Maxwell, petitioner, v. Robert H. Hudspeth,
Warden, etc. On petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court
of Kansas.
No. 955. Paul Maynard Skaug, petitioner, v. State of Nevada; and
No. 956. Paul Maynard Skaug, petitioner, v. Richard Sheehy,
Warden, etc. On petition for writs of certiorari to the Supreme
Court of Nevada;
No. 1041. Mike Marvich, petitioner, v. The People of the State of
California, et al. On petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme
Court of California;
No. 1079. Emil Reck, petitioner, v. The State of Illinois. On peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Illinois;
No. 1095. Harry S. Barnes, petitioner, v. Ralph Howard, Warden,
etc. On petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of
Indiana;
No. 1101. W. E. Maxwell, petitioner, v. Walt Neibarger, Clerk of
the Supreme Court of Kansas. On petition for writ of certiorari to
the Supreme Court of Kansas; and
No. 1106. Donald Moore, petitioner, v. People of the State of Illi-
nois. On petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Illi-

MONDAY, MAY 6, 1946
238
nois. The motions for leave to proceed in forma pauperis in these
cases are granted. The petitions for writs of certiorari are denied.
No. 894. Roy Morgan, petitioner, v. W. C. Parker, Warden, etc.
The motion for leave to proceed in forma pauperis is granted. The
petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Missouri is
denied. Mr. Justice Murphy is of the opinion that the petition for
certiorari should be granted.
No. 755. Joseph Greco, petitioner, v. W. C. Parker, Warden, etc.;
No. 874. Frank Andrews, petitioner, v. The State of Ohio; and
No. 1072. Lester Barnard, petitioner, v. Joseph E. Ragen, Warden,
etc. The petitions for rehearing in these cases are denied.
No. 667. Wesley W. West, petitioner, v. Commissioner of Internal
Revenue;
No. 668. J. Marion West, petitioner, v. Commissioner of Internal
Revenue;
No. 669. Estate of J. M. West, Deceased, James M. West, Jr., et al.,
Executors, petitioners, v. Commissioner of Internal Revenue; and
No. 670. Jessie Gertrude West, petitioner, v. Commissioner of
Internal Revenue. The motion for leave to file a second petition for
rehearing is granted. The petition for rehearing is denied. Mr. Jus-
tice Rutledge took no part in the consideration or decision of these
applications.
It is ordered that the Court will recess at the conclusion of arguments
in case No. 970 until Monday, May 13, from the conclusion of argu-
ments in cases specially set for that day until Monday, May 20, and
from that day until Monday, May 27, upon which day it will adjourn
for the term unless otherwise ordered.
No motions, except motions for admission to practice, will be re-
ceived after the session next before the date fixed for adjournment of
the term.
Mr. Justice Jackson took no part in the consideration or decision of
the cases in which judgments or orders are this day announced.
No. 609. Comet Carriers, Inc., petitioner, v. L. Metcalfe Walling,
Administrator of the Wage and Hour Division, United States Depart-
ment of Labor. On writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of Appeals
for the Second Circuit. Writ of certiorari dismissed on motion of
counsel for the petitioner.

MONDAY, MAY 6, 1946
239
No. 809. The United States, petitioner, v. Robert Morss Lovett;
No. 810. The United States, petitioner, v. Goodwin B. Watson; and
No. 811. The United States, petitioner, v. William E. Dodd, Jr.
Argument concluded by Mr. John C. Gall for the Congress of the
United States under House Resolution 386, and Public Law 249, 78th
Congress, as amicus curiae, by special leave of Court.
No. 970. Abraham Fishgold, petitioner, v. Sullivan Drydock & Re-
pair Corporation et al. Argued by Mr. Assistant Attorney General
Sonnett for the petitioner; by Mr. J. Read Smith for respondent,
Sullivan Drydock and Repair Corporation; and by Mr. M. H. Gold-
stein for respondent, Roy Granata, as Acting President, etc. Leave
granted M. H. Goldstein to file additional brief within three days.
Adjourned until Monday, May 13, next, at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Monday, May 13, will be as follows: Nos. 1116 (and
1117), and 1118.
✓

MONDAY, MAY 13, 1946
240
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: Mr. Justice Black, Mr. Justice Reed, Mr. Justice Frank-
furter, Mr. Justice Douglas, Mr. Justice Murphy, Mr. Justice Rut-
ledge, and Mr. Justice Burton.
Robert M. Anderson, of Muskegon, Mich.; Thomas J. Donegan, of
New York, N. Y.; E. Leo Backus, of Niagara Falls, N. Y.; Michael
Mitchell Gould, of Detroit, Mich.; E. A. Simpson, of Amarillo, Tex.;
Robert E. Smylie, of Caldwell, Idaho; Maude Wilkinson, of Memphis,
Tenn.; Clifford Davis, of Memphis, Tenn.; James P. Smith, of Mem-
phis, Tenn.; Alexander Boyd Hawes, of Washington, D. C.; Wayne
Lyman Morse, of Eugene, Oreg.; Jacob John Quillin, of Portland,
Oreg.; Lee Tally Johnson, Jr., of Dallas, Tex.; Arthur H. Dean, of
New York, N. Y.; Donald K. Lippincott, of San Francisco, Calif.;
Gilbert Burnett, of Louisville, Ky.; William Stix, of St. Louis, Mo.;
Bernard C. Brown, of Washington, D. C.; Solomon J. Bischoff, of
Portland, Oreg.; Sara Hammond Knight, of Washington, D. C.;
L. Kathryn McDuff, of Washington, D. C.; Walter E. Mueller, of
Pittsburgh, Pa.; Francis E. Browder, of Pittsburgh, Pa.; Jason D.
Lee, of Baker, Oreg.; Albert E. Jenner, Jr., of Chicago, Ill.; Robert
W. Arnold, Jr., of Waverly, Va.; Raul O. del Castilllo, of Manila,
P. I.; Andrew D. Jordan, of Chicago, Ill.; Carl C. Manderen, of New
York, N. Y.; Harry E. Meek, of Little Rock, Ark.; Walter E. Rogers,
of Pampa, Tex.; Eugene E. Ditto, of Washington, D. C.; J. Donald
Gunn, of St. Louis, Mo.; Raymond J. Bowen, of Washington, D. C.;
B. Nelson Deranian, of Indianapolis, Ind.; Donald O. Lincoln, of
Washington, D. C.; Nelson V. N. Dungan, of Somerville, N. J.; Will
J. Davis, of Gary, Ind.; Charles J. Harnett, of Arlington, Va.; Drew
L. Carraway, of Washington, D. C.; Homer S. Carpenter, of Wash-
ington, D. C.; Mandel L. Anixter, of Chicago, Ill.; Jeremiah Francis
Cross, of New York, N. Y.; Edgar E. Harrison, of New York, N. Y.;
Paul N. Rowe, of Indianapolis, Ind.; Lena L. Orlow, of Philadelphia,
Pa.; Marx Leva, of Washington, D. C.; John F. Britton, of Mont-
gomery, Ala.; Edward B. Crosland, of Montgomery, Ala.; Samuel
Greenfield, of Los Angeles, Calif.; Kenneth B. Dawson, of Honolulu,
T. H.; Vincent W. Hallinan, of San Francisco, Calif.; Joseph Francis
Rogers, of Boston, Mass.; Richard Jack Demeree, of Montgomery,
Ala.; James W. Hodson, of Seattle, Wash.; Seymour Friedman, of
New York, N. Y.; Frederick W. Turnbull, of Washington, D. C.;
Richard Arnold Mullens, of Washington, D. C.; Alban Weber, of
657009-46- -88

MONDAY, MAY 13, 1946
241
Chicago, Ill.; Thomas O. Miller, of Lusk, Wyo.; and Nathan Siegel,
of Arlington, Va., were admitted to practice.
No. 40. Reconstruction Finance Corporation, Successor to Defense
Plant Corporation, appellant, v. County of Beaver, Pennsylvania.
Appeal from the Supreme Court of the Commonwealth of Pennsyl-
vania. Motion of appellee to dismiss appeal denied. Judgment
affirmed with costs. Opinion by Mr. Justice Black. Mr. Justice
Jackson took no part in the consideration or decision of this case.
The following orders were not announced orally by Mr. Justice
Black but appear on the list certfied by him and filed with the Clerk:
No. 2. Securities and Exchange Commission, petitioner, v. Engi-
neers Public Service Company et al.;
No. 3. Engineers Public Service Company et al., petitioners, v.
Securities and Exchange Commission;
No. 6. American Power & Light Company, petitioner, v. Securities
and Exchange Commission; and
No. 7. Electric Power & Light Corporation, petitioner, v. Securities
and Exchange Commission. The death of the late Chief Justice having
deprived the Court of a quorum in these cases, they are restored to the
docket and assigned for reargument during the week of October 14th.
No. 118, Misc. Santa Fe Pacific Railroad Company, petitioner, v.
Honorable Dave W. Ling, Judge of the District Court of the United
States for the District of Arizona. The motion for leave to file a
petition for a writ of mandamus is denied. Roche v. Evaporated Milk
Association, 319 U. S. 21.
No. 117, Misc. Matthew Nowak, petitioner, v. Walter Nierstheimer,
Warden, etc.;
No. 119, Misc. In the Matter of Christopher C. Brown, petitioner ;
and
No. 120, Misc. Stephen T. Povich, petitioner, v. C. D. Nicholsen,
Warden, etc. The motions for leave to file petitions for writs of habeas
corpus are denied.
No. 104, Misc. Amos Dale, petitioner, v. Robert A. Heinze, Warden,
etc. Dismissed. The matters were presented and disposed of by
denial of petition for certiorari in No. 949.
No. 1018. L. Metcalfe Walling, Administrator of the Wage and
Hour Division, United States Department of Labor, petitioner, v.
Halliburton Oil Well Cementing Company. Petition for writ of

MONDAY, MAY 13, 1946
242
certiorari to the Circuit Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit
granted.
No. 1052. United States, petitioner, v. William M. Dickinson; and
No. 1053. United States, petitioner, v. F. H. Withrow. Petition
for writs of certiorari to the Circuit Court of Appeals for the Fourth
Circuit granted.
No. 988. United States, petitioner, v. Louis Bruno. Petition for
writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of Appeals for the Third Cir-
cuit granted and the case is transferred to the summary docket.
No. 1075. Jack Parker, Isidor M. Saks, Melvin Caplan, et al., pe-
titioners, v. Paul A. Porter, Price Administrator. Petition for writ
of certiorari to the United States Emergency Court of Appeals
granted and the case is transferred to the summary docket.
No. 1104. A. M. Anderson, Receiver of National Bank of Ken-
tucky, Louisville, Kentucky, petitioner v. Irvin Yungkau, Executor of
the Estate of Albert Yungkau, Deceased, et al. The petition for writ
of certiorari to the Circuit Court of Appeals for the Sixth Circuit is
granted and the case is transferred to the summary docket. Mr. Justice
Reed took no part in the consideration or decision of this application.
No. 1088. Securities and Exchange Commission, petitioner, v..
Chenery Corporation et al.; and
No. 1089. Securities and Exchange Commission, petitioner, v. Fed-
eral Water and Gas Corporation. Petition for writs of certiorari
to the United States Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia
granted. Mr. Justice Douglas took no part in the consideration or
decision of this application.
No. 914. United States, petitioner, v. Paul David Sheridan. Peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of Appeals for the
Sixth Circuit granted and the case is transferred to the summary
docket. The motion of the respondent for leave to proceed in forma
pauperis is also granted.
No. 971. Joseph Ago Stassi, petitioner, v. United States. Petition
for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of Appeals for the Fifth
Circuit denied.
No. 1022. Woodville, Oklahoma, and New Woodville, Oklahoma,
petitioners, v. United States; and
No. 1023. Woodville, Oklahoma, and New Woodville, Oklahoma,
petitioners, v. United States. Petition for writs of certiorari to the
Circuit Court of Appeals for the Tenth Circuit denied.

MONDAY, MAY 13, 1946
243
No. 1024. Charles T. Rule, petitioner, v. Hattie Sears, Edwin E.
Weber, Minnie Louise Mattocks, et al. Petition for writ of certiorari
to the Supreme Court of California denied.
No. 1035. John D. Pittman, Joseph L. Garvey, and J. D. Pittman
Tractor Co., Inc., petitioners, v. United States. Petition for writ
of certiorari to the Circuit Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit
denied.
No. 1037. I Hasbrouck Chahoon, petitioner, v. Harry M. Hickey,
Collector of United States Internal Revenue for the Fourteenth
District of New York. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circut
Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit denied.
No. 1042. Line Material Company and William O. Schultz, peti-
tioners, v. Casper W. Ooms, Commissioner of Patents. Petition for
writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the Dis-
trict of Columbia denied.
No. 1070. Guido Trucco, petitioner, v. Erie Railroad Company.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of the Common-
wealth of Pennsylvania denied.
No. 1074. Winding Gulf Collieries, petitioner, v. The Board of
Education of the County of Raleigh, West Virginia and Allemannia
Fire Insurance Company. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Cir-
cuit Court of Appeals for the Fourth Circuit denied.
No. 1080. William G. McRae, petitioner, v. John A. Boykin. Pe-
tition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals of Georgia denied.
No. 1105. Almon A. Heath, petitioner, v. Henry G. Frankel and
L. V. Frankel. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of
Appeals for the Ninth Circuit denied.
No. 1119. City of Franklin, petitioner, v. Coleman Bros. Corpora-
tion. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of Appeals
for the First Circuit denied.
No. 1076. Phoenix Finance Corporation, a Delaware Corporation,
petitioner, v. Iowa-Wisconsin Bridge Company, a Delaware Corpora-
tion; and
No. 1077. Iowa-Wisconsin Bridge Company, a Delaware Corpora-
tion, petitioner, v. Phoenix Finance Corporation, a Delaware Cor-
poration. Petitions for writs of certiorari to the Supreme Court of
Iowa denied. Mr. Justice Douglas took no part in the consideration
or decision of these applications.
No. 1086. Jule E. Piccard, etc., petitioner, v. The Sperry Corpora-
tion, Standard Capital Company, J. Cheever Cowdin, et al., etc.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of Appeals for the
Second Circuit denied. Mr. Justice Reed took no part in the con-
sideration or decision of this application.
ناء

1
MONDAY, MAY 13, 1946
244
No. 1032. Joseph Lesser, petitioner, v. The People of the State of
New York. On petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of General
Sessions of the County of New York, State of New York;
No. 1067. Calman Cooper, petitioner, v. J. Vernel Jackson,
Warden of the Clinton Prison, Dannemora, New York. On petition
for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court, Appellate Division,
3d Judicial Department, State of New York.;
No. 1115. Bruce Borrelli, petitioner, v. The State of Illinois. On
petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Illinois;
No. 1120. Matthew Nowak, petitioner, v. Walter Nierstheimer,
Warden, etc. On petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court
of Appeals for the Seventh Circuit;
No. 1122. Russell Hancock, petitioner, v. Walter Nierstheimer,
Warden, etc. On petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court
of Illinois;
No. 1133. Joseph Tomanek, petitioner, v. People of the State of
Illinois. On petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of
Illinois;
No. 1134. Harry Minor, petitioner, v. Joseph E. Ragen, Warden,
etc. On petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of
Illinois;
No. 1150. Lonnie Paynes, petitioner, v. People of the State of
Illinois. On petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court
of Illinois;
No. 1152. Donald Loftus, petitioner, v. Joseph E. Ragen, Warden,
etc. On petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Illinois;
No. 1157. William Stafford, petitioner, v. Joseph E. Ragen,
Warden, etc. On petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court
of Will County, State of Illinois;
No. 1164. Andrew Scott, petitioner, v. Joseph E. Ragen, Warden,
etc. On petition for writ of certiorari to the Criminal Court of Cook
County, State of Illinois;
No. 1165. Clifton Mills, petitioner, v. Joseph E. Ragen, Warden,
On petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of
Illinois;
etc.
No. 1166. George Gause, petitioner, v. Joseph E. Ragen, Warden,
etc. On petition for writ of certiorari to the Criminal Court of Cook
County, State of Illinois; and
No. 1167. Clement Lebedis, petitioner, v. Joseph E. Ragen,
Warden, etc., et al. On petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit
Court of Will County, State of Illinois. The motions for leave to pro-
ceed in forma pauperis in these cases are granted. The petitions for
writs of certiorari are denied.
1
1

MONDAY, MAY 13, 1946
245
No. 1020. Corrine Sykes, alias Heloise T. Parker, petitioner, v.
The Commonwealth of Pennsylvania. The motion for leave to pro-
ceed in forma pauperis is granted. The petition for writ of certiorari
to the Supreme Court of the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania is denied.
Mr. Justice Murphy is of the opinion that the petition for certiorari
should be granted.
No. 654. Clara Dellar, petitioner, v. Samuel Goldwyn, Inc., Samuel
Goldwyn, Eddie Cantor, and United Artists Corporation; and
No. 655. Clara Dellar, petitioner, v. Samuel Goldwyn, Inc., Samuel
Goldwyn, Eddie Cantor, and United Artists Corporation. The peti-
tion for rehearing is denied.
No. 514, October Term, 1944. Thomas Henry Robinson, Jr., peti-
tioner, v. United States. The motion for leave to file a third petition
for rehearing is denied. Mr. Justice Burton took no part in the con-
sideration or decision of this application.
No. 340. Santo Grasso, petitioner, v. Oivind Lorentzen, Director
of Shipping and Curator for the Royal Norwegian Government, etc.
The motion for leave to file a petition for rehearing out of time is
granted. The petition for rehearing is denied. Mr. Justice Burton
took no part in the consideration or decision of these applications.
The Court will take a recess at the conclusion of arguments in case
No. 1118 until Monday, May 20.
Mr. Justice Jackson took no part in the consideration or decision
of the cases in which judgments or orders are this day announced.
No. 918. Richard A. Lynch, Milton Weihrauch, Americo Fiore,
et al., petitioners v. State of New Jersey and Walter F. Waldau. On
petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Errors and Appeals of
the State of New Jersey. Petition for certiorari dismissed on motion
of counsel for the petitioners.
No. 1116. Paul A. Porter, Administrator, Office of Price Admin-
istration, petitioner, v. Dr. Lucas J. Lee and Hazel Lee;
No. 1117. Paul A. Porter, Administrator, Office of Price Admin-
stration, petitioner v. Hazel Lee and Lucas J. Lee, Agent, and Sue
Lakenan, Justice of the Peace, Covington, Kentucky; and
No. 1118. Paul A. Porter, Administrator, Office of Price Admin-
istration, petitioner, v. Mary Jo Dicken and Elizabeth M. Dicken,
et al. Argued by Mr. Robert L. Stern for the petitioner and by Mr.
Howell W. Vincent for the respondents in Nos. 1116 and 1117 and
submitted by Mary Jo Dicken et al., pro se, in No. 1118.
Adjourned until Monday, May 20, next, at 12 o'clock.
Х

MONDAY, MAY 20, 1946
246
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: Mr. Justice Black, Mr. Justice Reed, Mr. Justice Frank-
furter, Mr. Justice Douglas, Mr. Justice Murphy, Mr. Justice Rut-
ledge, and Mr. Justice Burton.
Murray James Madison, of New York, N. Y.; Harold F. Reis, of
New York, N. Y.; Martin P. Hart, of Harlingen, Tex.; Lawrence P.
Gherty, of St. Paul, Minn.; Daniel J. Hanlon, of Washington, D. C.;
Russell T. Boyle, of Kansas City, Mo.; William Marshall Boyle, Jr.,
of Kansas City, Mo.; William L. Storey, of Dallas, Tex.; John A.
Ferguson, of Caruthersville, Mo.; Fred G. Folson, of Boulder, Colo.;
Roscoe T. Pile, of Sterling, Colo.; Miles N. Pike, of Reno, Nev.; Ethel
J. McCabe, of Nashville, Tenn.; Curtis P. Harris, of Oklahoma City,
Okla.; Vivien Irene McConnell, of Oklahoma City, Okla.; G. A. Heik-
kila, of Portland, Oreg.; Allison J. Gibbs, of Manila, P. I.; William
H. Shook, of Dallas, Tex.; Robert M. Underhill, of Onawa, Iowa;
Wm. I. Woodcock, Jr., of Philadelphia, Pa.; H. Merle Mulloy, of
Philadelphia, Pa.; Walter Norblad, of Astoria, Oreg.; Raymond Kyle
Hayes, of North Wilkesboro, N. C.; John B. Fitzpatrick, of New York,
N. Y.; Francis P. Noonan, of Waterbury, Conn.; William H. Cross,.
of Washington, D. C.; Tracy R. V. Fike, of New York, N.
Y.; John
W. Piester, of Detroit, Mich.; Ellamarye Failor, of New York, N. Y.;
J. Allie Hayes, of North Wilkesboro, N. C.; E. Selby Wiggins, of
Richmond, Ky.; Leslie S. Perry, of Washington, D. C.; Davidson C.
Miller, of Washington, D. C.; Don Gray, of Johnson City, Tenn.;
Chester Ward, of Washington, D. C.; Howard J. Anderson, of Wash-
ington, D. C.; Samuel B. Brown, of Washington, D. C.; Nathan M.
Brown, of Washington, D. C.; Benjamin B. Brown, of Washington,
D. C.; Melville Southard, of New York, N. Y.; James Royall Frazer,
of New York, N. Y.; John S. Wilson, of New York, N. Y.; Hector M.
Holmes, of Boston, Mass.; Ralph L. Fusco, of Perth Amboy, N. J.;
Arthur Healy, of Washington, D. C.; Jackson W. Chance, of Los
Angeles, Calif.; Lewis Harvey Phelps, Jr., of Washington, D. C.;
Clinton M. Hester, of Washington, D. C.; Arthur H. Bartelt, of
Austin, Tex.; Samuel Eugene Gates, of Los Angeles, Calif.; Albert
L. Burford, Jr., of Pasadena, Calif.; Charles F. Barber, of Chicago,
Ill.; John C. Geilfuss, of Milwaukee, Wis.; Edward C. Johnson, of
Arlington, Va.; Arthur W. Ellis, of Falls Church, Va.; Paul D. Sher-
man, of Falls Church, Va.; Loren K. Olson, of Washington, D. C.;
Roy L. Sullivan, of Oklahoma City, Okla.; H. P. Noggle, of Anchor-
age, Alaska; Hiram Leong Fong, of Honolulu, T. H.; Hiram T.
657009-46-89

MONDAY, MAY 20, 1946
247
Kellogg, of Los Angeles, Calif.; James Blenn Perkins, Jr., of Booth-
bay Harbor, Maine; James M. Murphy, of Tucson, Ariz.; Joseph B.
Hyman, of Alexandria, Va.; Henry Preston Morris, of New York,
N. Y.; George R. Price, of Battle Creek, Mich.; Dean S. Zinn, of
Washington, D. C.; and James F. Minnet, of Detroit, Mich., were
admitted to practice.
No. 349. Gilbert E. Thiel, petitioner, v. Southern Pacific Com-
pany. On writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of
Appeals for the Ninth Circuit. Judgment reversed with costs and
case remanded to the District Court of the United States for the North-
ern District of California for further proceedings in conformity with
the opinion of this Court. Opinion by Mr. Justice Murphy. Dissent-
ing opinion by Mr. Justice Frankfurter in which Mr. Justice Reed
concurs. Mr. Justice Jackson took no part in the consideration or de-
cision of this case.
No. 696. The United States, petitioner, v. Joseph A. Holpuch
Company; and
No. 697. The United States, petitioner, v. Joseph A. Holpuch
Company. On writs of certiorari to the Court of Claims. Judgments
reversed and cases remanded to the Court of Claims for proceedings
in conformity with the opinion of this Court. Opinion by Mr. Justice
Murphy. Opinion by Mr. Justice Douglas dissenting in part in which
Mr. Justice Frankfurter and Mr. Justice Rutledge join. Mr. Justice
Jackson took no part in the consideration or decision of these cases.
No. 631. Lee Van Woods, petitioner, v. Walter Nierstheimer,
Warden, Illinois State Penitentiary, Menard, Illinois. On writ of
certiorari to the Circuit Court of Randolph County, State of Illinois;
and
No. 671. Lee Van Woods, petitioner, v. Walter Nierstheimer,
Warden, Illinois State Penitentiary, Menard, Illinois. On writ of
certiorari to the Criminal Court of Cook County, State of Illinois.
Writs of certiorari dismissed. Opinion by Mr. Justice Black. Mr.
Justice Jackson took no part in the consideration or decision of these
cases.
Mr. Justice Black announced the following order of the Court:
No. 1140. Clifford Cogswell, petitioner, v. Chicago & Eastern Illi-
nois Railroad Company. On petition for writ of certiorari to the
Circuit Court of Appeals for the Seventh Circuit. Per curiam: The
petition is granted, except as to the question whether the jury could
have found respondent guilty of a violation of Rule 152 of the Inter-
state Commerce Commission. The judgment is reversed. Tiller v.
Atlantic Coast Line R. Co., 318 U. S. 54, 67–8; Bailey v. Central

MONDAY, MAY 20, 1946
248
Vermont R. R. Co., 319 U. S. 350, 353–4; Lavender v. Kurn, No. 550,
October 1945 Term.
The following orders were not announced orally by Mr. Justice
Black but appear on the list certified by him and filed with the Clerk:
No. 365. Seas Shipping Company, Inc., petitioner, v. Joseph Sie-
racki. The motion of American Merchant Marine Institute, Inc., et
al., for leave to file a brief amici curiae in support of the petition for
rehearing is granted.
No. 121, Misc. Benjamin H. Jones, petitioner, v. E. J. Welch,
Superintendent, etc.; and
No. 122, Misc. Pat Duggan, petitioner, v. Neil Olson, Warden, etc.
The motions for leave to file petitions for writs of habeas corpus are
denied.
No. 1130. United States, appellant, v. National Lead Company,
Titan Company, Inc., and E. I. du Pont de Nemours and Company,
Inc.;
No. 1131. National Lead Company and Titan Company, Inc., ap-
pellants, v. United States; and
No. 1132. E. I. du Pont de Nemours and Company, Inc., appellant,
v. United States. In these cases probable jurisdiction is noted.
No. 1148. Gulf Oil Corporation, petitioner, v. Cornelius Gilbert,
Doing Business Under the Firm Name and Style of Gilbert Storage
& Transfer Company. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit
Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit granted.
No. 1129. Helene A. Jesionowski, Administratrix, petitioner, v.
Boston & Maine Railroad. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
Circuit Court of Appeals for the First Circuit granted and the case
is transferred to the summary docket.
No. 1006. Continental Oil Company, petitioner, v. United States.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Claims denied.
No. 1065. First National Benefit Society, a Corporation, petitioner,
v. W. P. Stuart, Collector of Internal Revenue for the District of
Arizona. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of
Appeals for the Ninth Circuit denied.
No. 1071. L. E. Carpenter and Margaret Carpenter, petitioners, v.
Title Insurance and Trust Company. Petition for writ of certiorari

MONDAY, MAY 20, 1946
249
to the District Court of Appeal, 2d Appellate District, State of Cali-
fornia, denied.
No. 1084. Eularia M. Gatewood, Owner of the Motor Vessel
"Lillian Anne," petitioner, v. W. S. Sanders, Owner of the Motor Tug
"Fairwill" et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court
of Appeals for the Fourth Circuit denied.
No. 1091. Los Angeles Soap Company, petitioner, v. United States.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of Appeals for the
Ninth Circuit denied.
No. 1094. William G. Barnes, petitioner, v. City of Philadelphia.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Superior Court of the Common-
wealth of Pennsylvania denied.
No. 1097. John Knudsen, petitioner, v. Arthur Stegman. Peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of Appeals for the
Ninth Circuit denied.
No. 1102. Robert Gould and Dowling Bros. Distilling Company,
petitioners, v. United States. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
Circuit Court of Appeals for the Sixth Circuit denied.
No. 1114. The Cudahy Packing Company, a Maine Corporation,
petitioner, v. United States. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Cir-
cuit Court of Appeals for the Seventh Circuit denied.
No. 1123. John M. Hartzberg and Louis Hartzberg, Co-Partners,
Doing Business Under the Firm Name and Style of J. & L. Hartz-
berg, petitioners, v. The New York Central Railroad Company. Peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of the State of New
York, County of New York, denied.
No. 1136. Swift & Co., petitioner, v. Jennie Herzig, as Adminis-
tratrix of the Goods, Chattels, and Credits of Herman Weintraub,
Deceased. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of
Appeals for the Second Circuit denied.
No. 1141. James R. Hill, a Minor, by Theodore A. Hill, His Father
and Next Friend, petitioner, v. Baltimore & Ohio Railroad Company.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of Appeals for
the Seventh Circuit denied.
No. 1143. Walter P. Gardner, Trustee of the Central Railroad
Company of New Jersey, petitioner, v. The State of New Jersey.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of Appeals for the
Third Circuit denied.
No. 634. Chester W. Crum, petitioner, v. Walter A. Hunter,
Warden, etc. On petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court
of Appeals for the Tenth Circuit;

MONDAY, MAY 20, 1946
250
No. 907. James Hampson, petitioner, v. Tom Smith, Superin-
tendent of the Washington State Penitentiary at Walla Walla, Wash-
ington. On petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of
Appeals for the Ninth Circuit;
No. 957. Thomas Nathan Norris and John Frederick Box, Jr.,
petitioners, v. United States. On petition for writ of certiorari to the
Circuit Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit;
No. 1073. Edgar L. Dotson, petitioner, v. The State of Texas. On
petition for writ of certiorari to the. Court of Criminal Appeals of
Texas;
No. 1121. Carl Preston Spencer, petitioner, v. People of the State
of New York. On petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of
General Sessions of the County of New York, State of New York;
No. 1135. David Rubin, petitioner, v. The State of New York. On
petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals of New York;
No. 1159. Agnes Lewis, petitioner, v. Mr. and Mrs. Harry Parker.
On petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Louisiana;
No. 1163. James T. Vlahos, petitioner, v. People of the State of
Illinois. On petition for writ of certiorari to the Criminal Court of
Cook County, State of Illinois;
No. 1168. Walter Krushinski, petitioner, v. The People of the
State of Illinois. On petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme
Court of Illinois;
No. 1184. George Price, petitioner, v. Joseph E. Ragen, Warden,
etc. On petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of Winne-
bago County, State of Illinois;
No. 1197. Harris Bailey, petitioner, v. Joseph E. Ragen, Warden,
etc. On petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of
Illinois; and
No. 1207. Elwood Beagle, petitioner, v. Joseph E. Ragen, Warden,
etc. On petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of Madison
County, State of Illinois. The motions for leave to proceed in forma
pauperis in these cases are granted. The petitions for writs of certi-
orari are denied.
No. 114, Misc. Dorsey McMahan, petitioner, v. James V. Bennett,
Director, Bureau of Prisons;
No. 365. Seas Shipping Company, Inc., petitioner, v. Joseph Sie-
racki;
No. 883. Richard Knight, petitioner, v. The State of Ohio;
No. 893. O. A. Shaver, petitioner, v. Fidelity Bankers Trust Com-
pany, Successors Trustee Under the Last Will of Daniel Briscoe,
Deceased;

MONDAY, MAY 20, 1946
251
No. 967. The Autocar Sales and Service Company, petitioner, v.
A. G. Leonard et al., Not as Individuals, But as Trustees of the Cen-
tral Manufacturing District; and
No. 985. Charles O'Neil, petitioner, v. Cornelius J. Burke, Warden,
etc. et al. The petitions for rehearing in these cases are denied.
No. 880. Harry J. Alker, Jr., and Mamie Du Ban, Individually and
as Executrix of the Estate of Alfred A. Du Ban, Deceased, petitioners,
v. Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation. The motion for leave to
file a second petition for rehearing is granted. The petition for re-
hearing is denied.
The Court will take a recess from Monday, May 20, until Monday,
May 27.
Mr. Justice Jackson took no part in the consideration or decision
of the cases in which judgments or orders are this day announced.
Adjourned until Monday, May 27, next, at 12 o'clock.
☑

MONDAY, MAY 27, 1946
252
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: Mr. Justice Black, Mr. Justice Reed, Mr. Justice Frank-
furter, Mr. Justice Douglas, Mr. Justice Murphy, Mr. Justice Rutledge,
and Mr. Justice Burton.
Julian Regan Thruston, of Las Vegas, Nev.; Samuel Williamson, of
Houston, Tex.; Annette Thayer Means, of Detroit, Mich.; Cyril C.
Means, Jr., of Detroit, Mich.; Virginia A. Bradford Capper, of De-
troit, Mich.; Clarence A. Bradford, of Detroit, Mich.; John M. Ger-
rish, of Polson, Mont.; Joseph Earl Jackson, of Austin, Tex.; Roswell
M. Austin, of St. Albans, Vt.; R. S. Wilson, of Van Buren, Ark.;
Walter H. Jones, of Hackensack, N. J.; Louis A. Mounier, Jr., of
Hackensack, N. J.; Allan L. Leonard, of Los Angeles, Calif.; Daniel
B. Blake IH, of Gary, Ind.; Paul Tison, of New York, N. Y.; Arnold
F. Bunge, of Toledo, Ohio; Rhodes S. Baker, Jr., of Dallas, Tex.;
Vincent P. Molineaux, of Albany, N. Y.; Kenneth Foster, of Washing-
ton, D. C.; Thaddeus E. Klemens, of Arlington, Va.; W. D. Stark, of
Richmond, Calif.; James D. McKesson, of Walkerton, Ind.; Samuel
Mirman, of Los Angeles, Calif.; William T. Thurman, of Salt Lake
City, Utah; J. Frank McLaughlin, of Honolulu, T. H.; J. Edward
Davey, of Washington, D. C.; Walter E. Hopper, Jr., of New York,
N. Y.; Kenneth Ross Iverson, of Washington, D. C.; Odell Kominers,
of West Palm Beach, Fla.; Allen J. Krouse, of Washington, D. C.;
John O. Honnold, Jr., of Philadelphia, Pa.; Henry I. Brouillette, of
Monterey Park, Calif.; Arthur J. Gutman, of Jacksonville, Fla.;
Peter F. Hunt, of New York, N. Y.; Milton Maurer, of New York,
N. Y.; Rolf T. Michelsen, of New York, N. Y.; Herschel E. Champlin,
of Bakersfield, Calif.; Charles M. Ryan, of Los Angeles, Calif.; Rol-
land G. Lamensdorf, of Washington, D. C.; Leonard R. Tanner, Jr.,
of Winnetka, Ill.; John Y. Cole, of New York, N. Y.; Robert Vernon
Smith, of Washington, D. C.; Bernard B. Easton, of Cleveland, Ohio;
Robert N. Dahlgren, of Washington, D. C.; John O. Dahlgren, of
Washington, D. C.; David P. Close, of New York, N. Y.; Edward S.
Pinney, of New York, N. Y.; George J. Harkness, of Chicago, Ill.;
Thomas J. Kennedy, of Omaha, Nebr.; Willard S. McKay, of New
York, N. Y.; Clay Shackelford, of Richmond, Ky.; Floyd D. Strong,
of Topeka, Kans.; H. Heinrich Spang, of Washington, D. C.; John
⚫ Peter Dubrovsky, of Washington, D. C.; Robert J. Karon, of Duluth,
Minn.; David Schwartz, of New York, N. Y.; Lloyd N. Cutler, of
New York, N. Y.; Simon Miller, of Long Beach, Calif.; Asa D. Ken-
nedy, Jr., of Okmulgee, Okla.; Broadus McAfee, of Atlanta, Ga.;
657009-46-
-90

MONDAY, MAY 27, 1946
253
Helen Marguerite Morris, of Alexandria, Va.; Leon G. Morris, of
Alexandria, Va.; Jesse T. Nicholas, of Arlington, Va.; Walter C.
Janney, Jr., of Philadelphia, Pa.; Gerald T. O'Hara, of Boston, Mass.;
Walter W. Davis, of New York, N. Y.; Josephine Virginia Bush, of
Nashville, Tenn.; Nina Haynes Ikard, of Fort Worth, Tex.; Kenneth
Carroad, of New York, N. Y.; Floyd E. Harper, of Tipton, Ind.; and
Phil E. Thompson, of Mound City, Mo., were admitted to practice.
No. 843. Securities and Exchange Commission, petitioner v. W. J.
Howey Company and Howey-in-the-Hills Service, Inc. On writ of
certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Fifth
Circuit. Judgment reversed and case remanded to the District Court
of the United States for the Southern District of Florida for further
proceedings in conformity with the opinion of this Court. Opinion
by Mr. Justice Murphy. Dissenting opinion by Mr. Justice Frank-
furter. Mr. Justice Jackson took no part in the consideration or
decision of this case.
No. 630. The United States, petitioner, v. Thomas Lee Causby and
Wife, Tinie Causby. On writ of certiorari to the Court of Claims.
Judgment reversed and case remanded to the Court of Claims so that
it may make the necessary findings of fact indicated in conformity
with the opinion of this Court. Opinion by Mr. Justice Douglas.
Dissenting opinion by Mr. Justice Black in which Mr. Justice Burton
joins. Mr. Justice Jackson took no part in the consideration or decision
of this case.
No. 970. Abraham Fishgold, petitioner, v. Sullivan Drydock &
Repair Corporation, Roy Granata, as Acting President and Acting
Treasurer of Local 13, Industrial Union of Marine and Shipbuilding
Workers of America, C. I. O. On writ of certiorari to the United
States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit. Judgment
affirmed without costs and case remanded to the District Court of
the United States for the Eastern District of New York. Opinion by
Mr. Justice Douglas. Dissenting opinion by Mr. Justice Black. Mr.
Justice Jackson took no part in the consideration or decision of this
case.
No. 1116. Paul A. Porter, Administrator, Office of Price Admin-
istration, petitioner, v. Dr. Lucas J. Lee and Hazel Lee; and
No. 1117. Paul A. Porter, Administrator, Office of Price Admin-
istration, petitioner, v. Hazel Lee and Lucas J. Lee, Agent, and Sue
Lakenan, Justice of the Peace, Covington, Ky. On writs of certiorari
to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Sixth Circuit.
Judgments reversed and cases remanded to the District Court of
the United States for the Eastern District of Kentucky for trial of
the issues on the merits. Opinion by Mr. Justice Black. Mr. Justice
Jackson took no part in the consideration or decision of these cases.

MONDAY, MAY 27, 1946
254
No. 1118. Paul A. Porter, Administrator, Office of Price Admin-
istration, petitioner, v. Mary Jo Dicken and Elizabeth M. Dicken, B.
M. Murray, Executor of the Estate of Emma Gang, Deceased, and
Jacob E. Sandusky, Sheriff. On writ of certiorari to the United
States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Sixth Circuit. Judgment of
the District Court of the United States for the Southern District of
Ohio reversed and the case remanded to that Court to exercise the
jurisdiction conferred upon it by section 205 of the Emergency Price
Control Act. Opinion by Mr. Justice Black. Mr. Justice Jackson took
no part in the consideration or decision of this case.
Mr. Justice Black announced the following order of the Court:
No. 732. Roy Alton Helwig, petitioner, v. The United States of
America. On petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Cir-
cuit Court of Appeals for the Third Circuit. Per curiam: The motion
for leave to proceed in forma pauperis is granted. The petition for
writ of certiorari is also granted. The judgment of the Circuit Court
of Appeals is vacated and the cause remanded to the Circuit Court of
Appeals with directions to require the District Court to perfect the
record. Rule 39 of the Federal Rules of Criminal Procedure.
Miller v. United States, 317 U. S. 192, 199-200.
See
The following orders were not announced orally by Mr. Justice
Black but appear on the list certified by him and filed with the Clerk:
No. 12, Original. The United States of America, complainant, v.
The State of California. The motion of the State of California for
leave to file answer is granted and the answer is ordered to be filed.
No. 1008. Michael P. Jordan, petitioner, v. Federal Farm Mortgage
Corporation et al. The petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit
Court of Appeals for the Eighth Circuit is dismissed for failure to
comply with the Rules.
No. 124, Misc. Ralph Barton Butz, petitioner, v. United States
Postmaster General. Application denied.
No. 1096. Independent Warehouses, Inc., Pennsylvania Coal Com-
pany et al., appellants, v. William Scheele, Recorder of the Township
of Saddle River, and the Township of Saddle River. In this case
probable jurisdiction is noted and the case is transferred to the sum-
mary docket.
No. 1183. Aircraft & Diesel Equipment Corporation, appellant, v.
Maurice Hirsch, E. D. McDougal, John R. Paul, et al. In this case
probable jurisdiction is noted.

MONDAY, MAY 27, 1946
255
No. 1056. Leo H. Steele, petitioner, v. General Mills, Inc. The
petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of Appeals for the
Fifth Circuit is granted.
No. 947. General Madison Pearson, Post Commanding Officer,
Fort Dix, New Jersey, petitioner, v. United States ex rel. Harry
Horowitz; and
No. 948. General Madison Pearson, Post Commanding Officer,
Fort Dix, New Jersey, petitioner, v. United States ex rel. Jacob S.
Samuels. The motion to substitute Major General Leland S. Hobbs
as party petitioner in place of Brigadier General Madison Pearson is
granted. The petition for writs of certiorari to the Circuit Court of
Appeals for the Third Circuit is also granted and the cases are trans-
ferred to the summary docket.
No. 1098. State of Oklahoma, petitioner, v. United States Civil
Service Commission. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit
Court of Appeals for the Tenth Circuit is granted and the case is set
for argument immediately following No. 34.
No. 900. Hans Max Haupt, petitioner, v. The United States of
America. The motion for leave to proceed in forma pauperis is grant-
ed. The petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of Appeals
for the Seventh Circuit is also granted. The Court directs that the
expense of printing the record in this case be paid by the United States
pursuant to 28 U. S. C., sec. 832.
No. 885. George E. Hickman, as Administrator of the Estate of
Norman E. Hickman, Deceased, petitioner, v. John M. Taylor and
George Anderson, Individually and Trading as Taylor & Anderson
Towing and Lighterage Company et al. On petition for writ of certi-
orari to the Circuit Court of Appeals for the Third Circuit. The peti-
tion for rehearing is granted. The order of April 22 denying the peti-
tion for writ of certiorari is vacated and the petition for writ of certi-
orari is granted.
No. 981. A. B. Frank Company, petitioner, v. The United States.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Claims denied.
No. 1007. Michael P. Jordan, petitioner, v. Federal Farm Mort-
gage Corporation et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit
Court of Appeals for the Eighth Circuit denied.
No. 1049. State of Texas, petitioner, v. Alberto Balli et al.;
No. 1050. Hector Crandall, petitioner, v. Alberto Balli et al.; and
No. 1051. Kernel Hughes et al., petitioners, v. Alberto Balli et al.
Petitions for writs of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Texas denied.
No. 1068. Meyer Eastman, alias "Meyer Esstman and Dave
Marglous", petitioner, v. United States. Petition for writ of certiorari
to the Circuit Court of Appeals for the Eighth Circuit denied.

MONDAY, MAY 27, 1946
256
No. 1069. Great Lakes Dredge & Dock Company, petitioner, v.
United States. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Claims
denied.
No. 1112. C. R. Moffitt, alias Carvel R. Moffitt, petitioner, v. United
States. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of Appeals
for the Tenth Circuit denied.
No. 1113. County of Marin, State of California, petitioner, v.
James S. Pedrotti, Also Known as Stephen Pedrotti, et al. Petition
for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of Appeals for the Ninth
Circuit denied.
No. 1127. Hastings Manufacturing Company, petitioner, v. Fed-
eral Trade Commission. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit
Court of Appeals for the Sixth Circuit denied.
No. 1137. R. R. Stone, Trading as Stone Towing Line, Charterer,
pro hac vice of Gas Screw Tug Stone 6, petitioner, v. Diamond Steam-
ship Transportation Corporation and Texas Gulf Sulphur Company,
Inc. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of Appeals
for the Fourth Circuit denied.
No. 1146. Anton Ivusich, petitioner, v. Cunard White Star, Ltd.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of Appeals for the
Second Circuit denied.
No. 1186. Leon S. Dure, Trustee of the Georgia, Florida & Ala-
bama Railroad Company, et al., petitioners, v. Otis A. Glazebrook,
Jr., et al., Constituting the Reorganization Committee of the Seaboard
Air Line Railway Company et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to
the Circuit Court of Appeals for the Fourth Circuit denied.
No. 1199. The Century Indemnity Company, petitioner, v. Duncan
C. Arnold and Margaret C. Galbreath. Petition for writ of certiorari
to the Circuit Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit denied.
No. 1034. George F. Driscoll Company, petitioner, v. United
States. The motion of Allen Pope for leave to file brief as amicus
curiae is granted. The petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of
Claims is denied.
No. 1126. Goldblatt Bros., Inc., petitioner, v. L. Metcalfe Walling,
Administrator of the Wage and Hour Division, United States De-
partment of Labor. The motion to dispense with printing the record
on prior certiorari proceedings is granted. The petition for writ of
certiorari to the Circuit Court of Appeals for the Seventh Circuit is
denied.
No. 1139. Ivy Landreth, petitioner, v. Wabash Railroad Company.
The motion of United Railroad Workers of America, C. I. O., for leave

MONDAY, MAY 27, 1946
257
to file brief as amicus curiae is granted. The petition for writ of
certiorari to the Circuit Court of Appeals for the Seventh Circuit is
denied.
No. 765. George W. Van Horn, petitioner, v. Joseph E. Ragen,
Warden, etc. On petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court
of Will County, State of Illinois;
No. 744. Victor J. Evans, petitioner, v. United States. On petition
for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of Appeals for the Fifth
Circuit;
No. 808. Julius Boust, petitioner, v. United States. On petition
for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of Appeals for the Seventh
Circuit;
No. 910. George W. Van Horn, petitioner, v. Joseph E. Ragen,
Warden, etc. On petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court
of Clay County, State of Illinois;
No. 958. J. O. Spaulding, petitioner, v. United States. On petition
for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of Appeals for the Sixth
Circuit;
No. 1100. George Nolan, petitioner, v. United States. On petition
for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of Appeals for the Eighth
Circuit;
No. 1125. Lee Frier, petitioner, v. Federal Crop Insurance Cor-
poration. On petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of
Appeals for the Fifth Circuit;
No. 1138. Dwight S. Corey, petitioner, v. The People of the State
of New York. On petition for writ of certiorari to the County Court
of Chemung County, State of New York;
No. 1156. Ray Beshears, petitioner, v. Walter Nierstheimer,
Warden, etc. On petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court
of Randolph County, State of Illinois;
No. 1169. Elmer Davis, petitioner, v. State of Indiana. On peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Indiana;
No. 1188. Cecil C. Crebs, petitioner, v. R. H. Hudspeth, Warden,
etc. On petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of
Kansas.
No. 1189. Samuel R. Toucey, petitioner, v. New York Life Insur-
ance Company. On petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court
of Appeals for the Eighth Circuit;
No. 1205. Peter Joseph Kajatek, petitioner, v. State of New York.
On petition for writ of certiorari to the County Court, Onondaga
County, State of New York;

MONDAY, MAY 27, 1946
258
No. 1217. Merle Cecil Phillips, petitioner, v. People of the State of
Illinois. On petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of
Illinois; and
No. 1225. Wallace Phillips, petitioner. v. Joseph E. Ragen,
Warden, etc. On petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of
Edgar County, State of Illinois. The motions for leave to proceed in
forma pauperis in these cases are granted. The petitions for writs of
certiorari are denied.
No. 496. M. E. Heiser, petitioner, v. Willie Mae Woodruff et al.;
No. 603. First Iowa Hydro-Electric Co-Operative, petitioner, v.
Federal Power Commission et al.;
No. 1016. Rose Mary Hash, petitioner, v. Commissioner of Internal
Revenue;
No. 1017. G. Lester Hash, petitioner, v. Commissioner of Internal
Revenue; and
No. 1041. Mike Marvich, petitioner, v. The People of the State of
California et al. The petitions for rehearing in these cases are denied.
No. 68. Uldric Thompson, Jr., petitioner, v. United States. The
motion for leave to file a second petition for rehearing is granted. The
petition for rehearing is denied. Mr. Justice Burton took no part in
the consideration or decision of these applications.
No. 520. Allen Pope, petitioner, v. United States;
No. 796. Joseph A. Farrell, petitioner, v. Commonwealth of Massa-
chusetts; and
No. 967. The Autocar Sales and Service Company, petitioner, v.
A. G. Leonard et al. Not as Individuals, But as Trustees of the Central
Manufacturing District. The motions for leave to file second petitions
for rehearing are granted. The petitions for rehearing are denied.
No. 819. Canadian River Gas Company, petitioner, v. Joseph T.
Higgins, Formerly United States Collector of Internal Revenue for
the Third District of New York. The motion for leave to file petition
for rehearing out of time is granted. The petition for rehearing is
denied.
The Court will take a recess from today until Monday, June 3, next,
on which day it will adjourn for the term unless otherwise ordered.
Mr. Justice Jackson took no part in the consideration or decision of
the cases in which judgments or orders are this day announced.
Adjourned until Monday, June 3, next, at 12 o'clock.

MONDAY, JUNE 3, 1946
259
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: Mr. Justice Black, Mr. Justice Reed, Mr. Justice Frank-
furter, Mr. Justice Douglas, Mr. Justice Murphy, Mr. Justice Rut-
ledge, and Mr. Justice Burton.
Edward H. Hickey, of Boston, Mass.; William M. Fay, of Washing-
ton, D. C.; Charles J. Wendland, of Los Angeles, Calif.; Robert
Emmett Fredricks, of Jamestown, N. Dak.; John Russell Whitney,
of Washington, D. C.; Philip C. Brownell, of Washington, D. C.;
Harry G. Fuerst, of Cleveland, Ohio; Leo Curtis Frenna, of Winder,
Ga.; Harry William Elliott, of Los Angeles, Calif.; Sanford H. Bolz,
of Washington, D. C.; Eleanor Clagett Guthridge, of Washington,
D. C.; Nathan R. Graham, of Tampa, Fla.; Norman N. M. Green, of
Staten Island, N. Y.; William Allen Mellan, of Washington, D. C.;
Abraham J. Platt, of Washington, D. C.; Wm. T. Grasty, of
Staunton, Va.; Robert T. Murphy, of Washington, D. C.; Edna
Frances Guise, of Des Moines, Iowa; Mary B. Wendt, of Milwaukee,
Wis.; Benjamin Paul Goldman, of New York, N. Y.; Forrest F.
McCluney, of Kansas City, Mo.; Edward M. Lowrance, of Memphis,
Tenn.; Robert C. Whitley, of Winston-Salem, N. C.; Allan D. Mont-
gomery, of Wichita Falls, Tex.; Frank L. Whitaker, of Portland,
Oreg.; Joseph Rotwein, of Washington, D. C.; Hudson Baynham
Cox, of Los Angeles, Calif.; Samuel H. Moerman, of Washington,
D. C.; Stephen I. Zetterberg, of Claremont, Calif., were admitted to
practice.
No. 707. The Prudential Insurance Company, appellant, v. L.
George Benjamin, as Insurance Commissioner of the State of South
Carolina. Appeal from the Supreme Court of the State of South
Carolina. Judgement affirmed with costs. Opinion by Mr. Justice
Rutledge. Mr. Justice Black concurs in the result. Mr. Justice
Jackson took no part in the consideration or decision of this case.
No. 274. F. O. Robertson, appellant, v. The People of the State
of California. Appeal from the Superior Court of Ventura County,
State of California. Judgment affirmed with costs. Opinion by
Mr. Justice Rutledge. Opinion by Mr. Justice Douglas dissenting in
part. Mr. Justice Jackson took no part in the consideration or
decision of this case.
657009-46-91

MONDAY, JUNE 3, 1946
260
No. 793. Paul A. Porter, Administrator, Office of Price Adminis-
tration, petitioner, v. Warner Holding Company. On writ of cer-
tiorari to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Eighth
Circuit. Judgment reversed and cause remanded to the District Court
of the United States for the District of Minnesota for further proceed-
ings in conformity with the opinion of this Court. Opinion by Mr.
Justice Murphy. Dissenting opinion by Mr. Justice Rutledge in
which Mr. Justice Reed and Mr. Justice Frankfurter join. Mr. Justice
Jackson took no part in the consideration or decision of this case.
No. 473. John D. Pennekamp and the Miami Herald Publishing
Company, petitioners, v. The State of Florida. On writ of certiorari
to the Supreme Court of the State of Florida. Judgment reversed
with costs and case remanded to the Supreme Court for further pro-
ceedings not inconsistent with the opinion of this Court. Opinion by
Mr. Justice Reed. Concurring opinions by Mr. Justice Frankfurter,
Mr. Justice Murphy, and Mr. Justice Rutledge. Mr. Justice Jackson
took no part in the consideration or decision of this case.
No. 704. Irene Morgan, appellant, v. Commonwealth of Virginia.
Appeal for the Supreme Court of Appeals of the Commonwealth of
Virginia. Reversed with costs and case remanded to the Supreme
Court of Appeals for proceedings not inconsistent with the opinion
of this Court. Opinion by Mr. Justice Reed. Mr. Justice Rutledge
concurs in the result. Concurring opinions by Mr. Justice Black and
Mr. Justice Frankfurter. Dissenting opinion by Mr. Justice Burton.
Mr. Justice Jackson took no part in the consideration or decision of
this case.
No. 809. The United States, petitioner, v. Robert Morss Lovett;
No. 810. The United States, petitioner. v. Goodwin B. Watson; and
No. 811. The United States, petitioner, v. William E. Dodd, Jr.
On writs of certiorari to the Court of Claims. Judgment affirmed.
Opinion by Mr. Justice Black. Concurring opinion by Mr. Justice
Frankfurter in which Mr. Justice Reed joins. Mr. Justice Jackson
took no part in the consideration or decision of these cases.
The following orders were not announced orally by Mr. Justice
Black but appear on the list certified by him and filed with the Clerk:
No. 1240. Clay Marley, appellant, v. The People of the State of
California. Appeal from the Superior Court in and for the County
of Los Angeles, Appellate Department, State of California. Per
curiam: The appeal is dismissed for want of a substantial federal
question. Mr. Justice Rutledge dissents.

MONDAY, JUNE 3, 1946
261
No. 123, Misc. In the Matter of the Dominion of Canada, Owner
of the Park Steamship Company, Limited, and the Steamship "Cornish
Park,” petitioner. The motion for leave to file a petition for writ
of mandamus or prohibition is denied. Mr. Justice Douglas dissents.
No. 125, Misc. In the Matter of Refrigeration Patents Corpora-
tion, petitioner. The motion for leave to file a petition for writ of
prohibition or mandamus is denied.
No. 126, Misc. Paul Davis Sheridan, petitioner, v. Ralph E. Ben-
son, Warden, etc. The motion for leave to file a petition for writ of
habeas corpus is denied.
No. 1216. The Gospel Army, a Corporation, appellant, v. The City
of Los Angeles, Board of Social Service Commissioners, Department
of Social Service, et al. Further consideration of the question of the
jurisdiction of this Court in this case is postponed to the hearing of
the case on the merits.
No. 1145. Indemnity Insurance Company of North America, peti-
tioner, v. Bayard I. Reisley, as Trustee in Bankruptcy of A. L. Hart-
ridge Company, Incorporated, Bankrupt. Petition for writ of cer-
tiorari to the Circuit Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit denied.
No. 1147. Joseph A. Gordon, petitioner, v. Paul A. Porter, Price
Administrator. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Emergency Court of Appeals denied.
No. 1149. Louis Epstein, petitioner, v. United States. Petition for
writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of Appeal for the Second
Circuit denied.
No. 1158. George A. Earnhardt, petitioner, v. United States
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of Appeals for
the Seventh Circuit denied.
No. 1180. The E. C. Schroeder Company, Incorporated, petitioner,
v. M. L. Clifton, for Himself and as Agent for E. M. Avery, et al.;
and
No. 1237. M. L. Clifton et al., petitioners, v. E. C. Schroeder Com-
pany, Inc. Petitions for writs of certiorari to the Circuit Court of
Appeals for the Tenth Circuit denied.
No. 1203. Frank Rymarkiewicz, petitioner, v. Pittsburgh Steam-
ship Company. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court
of Appeals for the Sixth Circuit denied.
No. 1210. Paul Ginsburg, petitioner, v. Charles H. Sachs, William
C. McEldowney and Max Perlman. Petition for writ of certiorari
to the Supreme Court of the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania denied.

MONDAY, JUNE 3, 1946
262
No. 1228. Howard F. Bishop, petitioner, v. Bankers Building, Inc.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Illinois denied.
No. 1239. Sylvania Industrial Corporation and Sylvan Plastics,
Inc., petitioners, v. Libbey-Owens-Ford Glass Company. Petition for
writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of Appeals for the Second
Circuit denied.
No. 1090. D. M. Carothers, Doing Business as Allright Auto Park,
et al., petitioners, v. Chester Bowles, Administrator, Office of Price
Administration. The motion to substitute Paul A. Porter as the party
respondent is granted. The petition for writ of certiorari to the
Circuit Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit is denied.
No. 1160. Randolph Phillips, petitioner, v. Securities and Ex-
change Commission and the United Corporation. Petition for writ
of certiorari to the Circuit Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit
is denied. Mr. Justice Douglas took no part in the consideration or
decision of this application.
No. 828. H. Dulany Mitchell, petitioner, v. Walter A. Hunter,
Warden. On petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of
Appeals for the Tenth Circuit;
No. 1093. Eugene Cable and Philippine Gross Cable, petitioners,
v. Frank C. Walker, as Postmaster General of the United States. On
petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the District of Columbia;
No. 1128. C. E. Joyce, petitioner, v. United States. On petition
for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of Appeals for the Eighth
Circuit;
No. 1208. Howard H. Higley, petitioner, v. The People of the State
of New York. On petition for writ of certiorari to the County Court,
Onondaga County, State of New York;
No. 1214. Michael F. Julian, petitioner, v. The People of the State
of New York. On petition for writ of certiorari to the County Court,
Chemung County, State of New York;
No. 1222. Clarence Whitehead, petitioner, v. J. Vernel Jackson, as
Warden, etc. On petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals
of New York;
No. 1226. David Marr, petitioner, v. Joseph E. Ragen, Warden, etc.
On petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of Will County,
State of Illinois;
No. 1234. Ralph Russell Renninger, petitioner, v. People of the
State of New York. On petition for writ of certiorari to the County
Court of Delaware County, State of New York;

MONDAY, JUNE 3, 1946
263
No. 1249. John G. Leslie, petitioner, v. The People of the State of
New York. On petition for writ of certiorari to the County Court
of Erie County, State of New York;
No. 1257. William J. Buckley, petitioner, v. The People of the
State of New York. On petition for writ of certiorari to the Appellate
Division, 4th Department, State of New York;
No. 1261. Harry Holderfield, petitioner, v. The People of the State
of Illinois. On petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court
of Illinois; and
No. 1262. Thomas Feeley, petitioner, v. Joseph E. Ragen, Warden,
etc. On petition for writ of certiorari to the Criminal Court of Cook
County, State of Illinois. The motions for leave to proceed in forma
pauperis in these cases are granted. The petitions for writs of certi-
orari are denied.
No. 894. Roy Morgan, petitioner, v. W. C. Parker, Warden, etc.
The petition for rehearing in this case is denied.
No. 622. Mattie Bradey, as Administratrix of the Estate of Marion
Thomas Bradey, Deceased, petitioner, v. United States, as Repre-
sented by War Shipping Administration. The motion for leave to
file a petition for rehearing out of time is granted. The petition for
rehearing is denied. Mr. Justice Rutledge took no part in the con-
sideration or decision of these applications.
No. 985. Charles O'Neil, petitioner, v. Cornelius J. Burke, Warden,
etc., et al. The motion for leave to file a second petition for rehearing
is granted. The petition for rehearing is denied.
The Court will take a recess from today until Monday, June 10,
next, on which day it will adjourn for the term unless otherwise
ordered.
Mr. Justice Jackson took no part in the consideration or decision
of the cases in which judgments or orders are this day announced.
Adjourned until Monday, June 10, next, at 12 o'clock.
Х

MONDAY, JUNE 10, 1946
264
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: Mr. Justice Black, Mr. Justice Reed, Mr. Justice Frank-
furter, Mr. Justice Douglas, Mr. Justice Murphy, Mr. Justice Rut-
ledge, and Mr. Justice Burton.
Joe Hess, of Dallas, Tex.; James I. Dolliver, of Fort Dodge, Iowa;
James K. Abercrombie, of Visalia, Calif.; W. A. Stanfill, of Hazard,
Ky.; John A. Black, Jr., of Houston, Tex.; James H. Donaldson, of
New Rochelle, N. Y.; Edward H. Hardy, of Richmond, Va.; Hugh
Ownby, of Tulsa, Okla.; Randolph M. Jackson, of Hillsboro, Tex.;
Wm. M. Blackwell, of Richmond, Va.; Philip M. Lorber, of New
York, N. Y.; Norman E. Visdal, of Chicago, Ill.; Michael H. Sheri-
dan, of Wilkes-Barre, Pa.; Charles B. Hoeven, of Alton, Iowa;
Dorothea E. Donaldson, of New Rochelle, N. Y.; Ray J. O'Brien,
of Honolulu, T. H.; Garfield A. Roberds, of Olathe, Kans.; Frank
B. Bird, of Knoxville, Tenn.; Robert Carroll Van Ness, of Corpus
Christi, Tex.; Ralph P. Lawson, of Cheboygan, Mich.; J. R. Sorrell, of
Corpus Christi, Tex.; Kenneth B. Chase, of Sheboygan, Wis.; Robert
Marks, of Chicago, Ill.; Joe R. Johnson, Jr., of Clinton, Ky.; James
Bennett Osborne, of Cleveland, Ohio; Robert J. Wieferich, of Chicago,
Ill.; Charles W. L. Summerill, of Clinton, N. J.; Dudley H. Nebeker, of
Oakland, Calif.; Norman D. Cann, of Washington, D. C.; Henry
Clyde Westin, of Pittsburgh, Pa.; Elliott R. Katz, of New Haven,
Conn.; Vincent Scott, of Los Angeles, Calif.; William T. Lowry, of
Arlington, Va.; Donald T. Ruby, of Washington, D. C.; Benjamin
Metviner, of New York, N. Y.; George Sutherland Elmore, of Wash-
ington, D. C.; Louis Henkin, of New York, N. Y.; John Oliver Stigall,
of Kansas City, Mo.; Louis Robertson, of Chicago, Ill.; Herman
C. Biegel, of Washington, D. C.; C. Elmer Bown, of Pittsburgh, Fa.;
Thomas J. Munsch, Jr., of Pittsburgh, Pa.; Morris Bernard Gutt,
of New York, N. Y.; Job Taylor II, of Pittsburgh, Pa.; Joseph E.
Warren, of Mayfield, Ky.; Robert E. Mullin, of Hospers, Iowa;
Phillip A. Singleton, of Arlington, Va.; John Maxwell Friedman,
of New York, N. Y.; James Skelly Wright, of New Orleans, La.;
John L. Ingoldsby, Jr., of Washington, D. C.; William J. Daly, Jr.,
of New York, N. Y.; and Jack C. Davis, of Washington, D. C., were
admitted to practice.
No. 18. The American Tobacco Company, American Suppliers,
Inc., George Washington Hill, et al., petitioners, v. The United States
of America;
657009-46-92

MONDAY, JUNE 10, 1946
265
No. 19. Liggett & Myers Tobacco Company et al., petitioners, v.
The United States of America; and
No. 20. R. J. Reynolds Tobacco Company, William N. Reynolds,
S. Clay Williams, James A. Gray, et al., petitioners, v. The United
States of America. On writs of certiorari to the United States Circuit
Court of Appeals for the Sixth Circuit. Judgments affirmed and
cases remanded to the District Court of the United States for the
Eastern District of Kentucky. Opinion by Mr. Justice Burton. Mr.
Justice Frankfurter entirely agrees with the judgment and the opinion
in these cases. He, however, would have enlarged the scope of the
orders allowing the petitions for certiorari so as to permit considera-
tion of the alleged errors in regard to the selection of the jury. Con-
curring opinion by Mr. Justice Rutledge. Mr. Justice Reed and Mr.
Justice Jackson took no part in the consideration or decision of these
cases.
No. 447. The United States of America, appellant, v. Sheldon
Maurice Anderson. Appeal from the District Court of the United
States for the Western District of Washington. Judgment reversed
and case remanded for further proceedings in conformity with the
opinion of this Court. Opinion by Mr. Justice Rutledge. Mr. Justice
Jackson took no part in the consideration or decision of this case.
No. 625. Cecil I. Hust, petitioner, v. Moore-McCormack Lines,
Inc. On writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of the State of
Oregon. Judgment reversed with costs and case remanded to the
Supreme Court for further proceedings not inconsistent with the
opinion of this Court. Opinion by Mr. Justice Rutledge. Concur-
ring opinion by Mr. Justice Douglas in which Mr. Justice Black
concurs. Dissenting opinion by Mr. Justice Reed in which Mr. Justice
Frankfurter and Mr. Justice Burton join. Mr. Justice Jackson took
no part in the consideration or decision of this case.
No. 457. Gus Kotteakos and Michael Lekacos, petitioners, v. The
United States of America; and
No. 458. Nathan Regenbogen, petitioner, v. The United States of
America. On writs of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court
of Appeals for the Second Circuit. Judgments reversed and cases re-
manded to the District Court of the United States for the Eastern
District of New York for further proceedings in conformity with the
opinion of this Court. Opinion by Mr. Justice Rutledge. Mr. Justice
Black concurs in the result. Dissenting opinion by Mr. Justice Doug-
las in which Mr. Justice Reed joins. Mr. Justice Jackson took no part
in the consideration or decision of these cases.
No. 342. Steve Anderson, Earl Trombley, Lillian Socia, et al., peti-
tioners, v. Mt. Clemens Pottery Company. On writ of certiorari to
the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Sixth Circuit.

MONDAY, JUNE 10, 1946
266
Judgment reversed with costs and case remanded to the District Court
of the United States for the Eastern District of Michigan for further
proceedings in conformity with the opinion of this Court. Opinion
by Mr. Justice Murphy. Dissenting opinion by Mr. Justice Burton
in which Mr. Justice Frankfurter concurs. Mr. Justice Jackson took
no part in the consideration or decision of this case.
No. 404. Jack Davis, petitioner, v. The United States of America.
On writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals
for the Second Circuit. Judgment affirmed and case remanded to the
District Court of the United States for the Southern District of New
York. Opinion by Mr. Justice Douglas. Dissenting opinion by Mr.
Justice Frankfurter in which Mr. Justice Murphy concurs. Dissent-
ing opinion by Mr. Justice Rutledge. Mr. Justice Jackson took no
part in the consideration or decision of this case.
No. 489. Edward F. Zap, petitioner, v. The United States of
America. On writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court
of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit. Judgment affirmed and case re-
manded to the District Court of the United States for the Southern
District of California. Opinion by Mr. Justice Douglas. Dissenting
opinion by Mr. Justice Frankfurter in which Mr. Justice Murphy
and Mr. Justice Rutledge concur. Mr. Justice Jackson took no part
in the consideration or decision of this case.
No. 675. Verna Mae Bihn, petitioner, v. The United States of
America. On writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court
of Appeals for the Second Circuit. Judgment reversed and case re-
manded to the District Court of the United States for the Southern
District of New York for further proceedings in conformity with the
opinion of this Court. Opinion by Mr. Justice Douglas. Dissenting
opinion by Mr. Justice Black in which Mr. Justice Reed and Mr. Jus-
tice Burton join. Mr. Justice Jackson took no part in the considera-
tion or decision of this case.
No. 719. W. Daniel Pinkerton and Walter G. Pinkerton, peti-
tioners, v. The United States of America. On writ of certiorari to
the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit.
Judgment affirmed and case remanded to the District Court of the
United States for the Northern District of Alabama. Opinion by Mr.
Justice Douglas. Opinion by Mr. Justice Rutledge dissenting in part.
Mr. Justice Frankfurter, reserving judgment on the question of double
jeopardy, agrees in substance with the views expressed in the dissent of
Mr. Justice Rutledge. Mr. Justice Jackson took no part in the con-
sideration or decision of this case.
No. 510. Paul Knauer, petitioner, v. The United States of Amer-
ica. On writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of Ap-
peals for the Seventh Circuit. Judgment affirmed and case remanded

MONDAY, JUNE 10, 1946
267
to the District Court of the United States for the Eastern District of
Wisconsin. Opinion by Mr. Justice Douglas. Concurring opinion
by Mr. Justice Black. Dissenting opinion by Mr. Justice Rutledge
in which Mr. Justice Murphy joins. Mr. Justice Jackson took no part
in the consideration or decision of this case.
No. 804. Kenneth W. Colegrove, Peter J. Chamales, and Kenneth
C. Sears, appellants, v. Dwight H. Green, as a Member, Ex-Officio of
the Primary Certifying Board of the State of Illinois, et al. Appeal
from the District Court of the United States for the Northern District
of Illinois. Decree dismissing the complaint affirmed with costs. Mr.
Justice Frankfurter announced the judgment of the Court and an
opinion in which Mr. Justice Reed and Mr. Justice Burton concur.
Opinion by Mr. Justice Rutledge concurring in the result. Dissenting
opinion by Mr. Justice Black in which Mr. Justice Douglas and Mr.
Justice Murphy join. Mr. Justice Jackson took no part in the con-
sideration or decision of this case.
No. 48. Universal Oil Products Company, petitioner, v. Root Re-
fining Company; and
No. 64. Universal Oil Products Company, petitioner, v. Root Re-
fining Company. On writs of certiorari to the United States Circuit
Court of Appeals for the Third Circuit. Judgment in No. 48 re-
versed and case remanded to the Circuit Court of Appeals for the
entry of judgment in conformity with the opinion of this Court.
Costs are to be taxed against the attorneys, amici curiae, J. Bernhard
Thiess and Thorley von Holst. Writ of certiorari dismissed in No.
64. Opinion by Mr. Justice Frankfurter. Mr. Justice Black concurs
in the narrower ground of the opinion of Mr. Justice Frankfurter.
Mr. Justice Murphy and Mr. Justice Jackson took no part in the
consideration or decision of these cases.
No. 122. Julius Fisher, petitioner, v. The United States of Amer-
cia. On writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for
the District of Columbia. Judgment affirmed and case remanded to
the District Court of the United States for the District of Columbia.
Opinion by Mr. Justice Reed. Dissenting opinion by Mr. Justice
Frankfurter. Dissenting opinion by Mr. Justice Murphy in which
Mr. Justice Frankfurter and Mr. Justice Rutledge join. Dissenting
opinion by Mr. Justice Rutledge. Mr. Justice Jackson took no part
in the consideration or decision of this case.
No. 278. Reconstruction Finance Corporation, Insurance Group
Committee, Central Hanover Bank and Trust Company, petitioners, v.
The Denver and Rio Grande Western Railroad Company, et al.;
No. 279. Reconstruction Finance Corporation, Insurance Group
Committee, Central Hanover Bank and Trust Company, petitioners,
v. The Denver and Salt Lake Western Railroad Company et al.;

MONDAY, JUNE 10, 1946
268
No. 280. Reconstruction Finance Corporation, Insurance Group
Committee, Central Hanover Bank and Trust Company, petitioners,
v. City Bank Farmers Trust Company, Trustee, et al.;
No. 281. Reconstruction Finance Corporation, Insurance Group
Committee, Central Hanover Bank and Trust Company, petitioners,
v. The Denver and Rio Grande Western Railroad Company et al.; and
No. 282. Reconstruction Finance Corporation, Insurance Group
Committee, Central Hanover Bank and Trust Company, petitioners,
v. Guy A. Thompson, Trustee, et al. On writs of certiorari to the
United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Tenth Circuit. The
judgment of the Circuit Court of Appeals is reversed with costs and
the orders of the District Court of October 25, 1943, approving the
plan, and of November 29, 1944, confirming the plan, are affirmed.
The causes are remanded to the District Court of the United States
for the District of Colorado for further proceedings. Opinion by
Mr. Justice Reed. Dissenting: Mr. Justice Frankfurter. Mr. Justice
Jackson took no part in the consideration or decision of these cases.
The following orders were not announced orally by Mr. Justice
Black but appear on the list certified by him and filed with the Clerk:
No. 629. Samuel Perlstein, petitioner, v. William H. Hiatt,
Warden, United States Penitentiary, Lewisburg, Pennsylvania. On
writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of Appeals for the Third Circuit.
Per curiam: It appearing that the case is moot, the writ of certiorari
is dismissed.
No. 789. The Prudential Insurance Company of America, appel-
lant, v. Charles F. Hobbs, Insurance Commissioner of the State of
Kansas;
No. 790. Aetna Insurance Company, appellant, v. Charles F.
Hobbs, as Commissioner of Insurance of the State of Kansas;
No. 791. American Indemnity Company, appellant, v. Charles F.
Hobbs, as Commissioner of Insurance of the State of Kansas; and
No. 792. Pacific Mutual Life Insurance Company, appellant, v.
Charles F. Hobbs, as Commissioner of Insurance of the State of
Kansas. Appeals from the Supreme Court of Kansas. Per curiam:
The judgments are affirmed. The Prudential Insurance Company v.
Benjamin, No. 707, October Term 1945; Robertson v. People of the
State of California, No. 274, October Term 1945, decided June 3, 1946.
No. 987. John L. Wilson, petitioner, v. The United States of
America. On petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of
Appeals for the Second Circuit. Per curiam: The petition for writ
of certiorari is granted limited to Question I in the Government's
brief. The judgment of the Circuit Court of Appeals is vacated and
the cause is remanded to the District Court for resentence.

MONDAY, JUNE 10, 1946
269
No. 1085. The Prudential Insurance Company of America, appel-
lant, v. The State of Indiana. Appeal from the Supreme Court of In-
diana. Per curiam: The judgment is affirmed. The Prudential In-
surance Company v. Benjamin, No. 707, October Term 1945, decided
June 3, 1946.
No. 1255. West Publishing Company, appellant, v. Chas. J. Mc-
Colgan, Franchise Tax Commissioner of the State of California. Ap-
peal from the Supreme Court of California. Per curiam: The motion
to affirm is granted and the judgment is affirmed. United States Glue
Co. v. Town of Oak Creek, 247 U. S. 321; Interstate Busses Corpora-
tion v. Blodgett, 276 U. S. 245; Memphis Natural Gas Co. v. Beeler,
315 U. S. 649, 656; International Shoe Co. v. Washington, 326 U.S. 310.
No. 1209. Admiral Dewey Adamson, appellant, v. People of the
State of California. The motion for leave to proceed in forma
pauperis is granted. In this case probable jurisdiction is noted.
No. -, Original. J. Tom Watson, as Attorney General of the State
of Florida, complainant, v. Chester Bowles, Economic Stabilization
Director, Paul A. Porter, Price Administrator, and John D. Small,
Civilian Production Administrator. The motion for leave to file bill
of complaint is denied.
No. The United States of America, Interstate Commerce Com-
mission, et al., appellants, v. The States of New York, Delaware, et al.
The motion to vacate injunction pending appeal is denied.
No. 12, Original. The United States of America, complainant, v.
The State of California. This cause is set for argument on the
pleadings.
No. 19. Liggett & Myers Tobacco Company et al., petitioners, v.
United States; and
No. 20. R. J. Reynolds Tobacco Company, William N. Reynolds,
S. Clay Williams, et al., petitioners, v. United States. The motion for
leave to file petition for enlargement of the scope of review is denied.
Mr. Justice Reed took no part in the consideration or decision of this
application.
No. 517. D. A. Schulte, Inc., petitioner, v. Salvatore Gangi, Suing
on Behalf of Himself and Other Employees Similarly Situated. It
is ordered that the concluding paragraph of the dissenting opinion of
Mr. Justice Frankfurter, announced April 29, 1946, be expunged.
No. 764. Harice LeRoy Carter, petitioner, v. The People of the
State of Illinois. It is ordered that Stephen A. Mitchell, Esquire, of
Chicago, Illinois, a member of the Bar of this Court, be appointed
to serve as counsel for the petitioner in this case.
No. 914. United States, petitioner, v. Paul David Sheridan. It is
ordered that John H. Pickering, Esquire, of Washington, D. C., a

MONDAY, JUNE 10, 1946
270
member of the Bar of this Court, be appointed to serve as counsel for
the respondent in this case.
No. 9. United Brotherhood of Carpenters and Joiners of America,
petitioner, v. United States;
No. 10. The Bay Counties District Council of Carpenters of the
United Brotherhood of Carpenters and Joiners of America et al.,
petitioners, v. United States;
No. 11. Lumber Products Association, Inc., Acme Manufacturing
Co., et al., petitioners, v. United States;
No. 12. Alameda County Building and Construction Trades Coun-
cil, petitioner, v. United States; and
No. 13. Boorman Lumber Company, Hogan Lumber Company,
Loop Lumber & Mill Company, et al., petitioners, v. United States.
These cases are restored to the docket for reargument.
No. 540. Dr. Furman Angel, petitioner, v. W. H. Bullington.
This case is restored to the docket for reargument.
No. 127, Misc. Peter Resco, petitioner, v. Joseph E. Ragen,
Warden; and
No. 130, Misc. Leo Bailey, petitioner, v. Frank Stoutamire, Sheriff.
The motions for leave to file petitions for writs of certiorari are denied.
No. 128, Misc. United States ex rel. Chester F. James, petitioner, v.
Joseph E. Ragen, Warden; and
No. 129, Misc. United States ex rel. Medico Mancione, petitioner, v.
Joseph E. Ragen, Warden. The motions for leave to file petitions for
writs of habeas corpus are denied.
No. 131, Misc. Allen Pope, petitioner, v. The Chief Justice and
Associate Judges of the Court of Claims. The motion for leave to
file a petition for writ of mandamus is denied.
No. 1143. Walter P. Gardner, Trustee of the Central Railroad
Company of New Jersey, petitioner, v. The State of New Jersey. The
petition for rehearing is granted. The order of May 20 denying
certiorari is vacated and the petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit
Court of Appeals for the Third Circuit is granted.
No. 1099. The Trailmobile Company and International Union,
United Automobile, Aircraft, and Agricultural Workers of America,
U. A. W., C. I. O. Local No. 392, petitioners, v. Lawrence Whirls.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of Appeals for the
Sixth Circuit granted.
No. 700. George Harris, petitioner, v. United States. Petition for
writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of Appeals for the Tenth Cir-
cuit granted.

MONDAY, JUNE 10, 1946
271
No. 1251. Pan American Airways Corporation and Pan American
Airways, Inc., petitioners, v. W. R. Grace & Co., Civil Aeronautics
Board, Eastern Air Lines, Inc., et al.; and
No. 1258. Eastern Air Lines, Inc., petitioner, v. W. R. Grace & Co.,
Civil Aeronautics Board, Pan American Airways Corporation, et al.
Petitions for writs of certiorari to the Circuit Court of Appeals for
the Second Circuit granted.
No. 1306. Mariano Uyeki, petitioner, v. Lieutenant General Wil-
helm D. Styer, Commanding General, United States Army Forces,
Western Pacific. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme
Court of the Philippines granted.
No. 1306. Mariano Uyeki, petitioner, v. Lieutenant General Wil-
helm D. Styer, Commanding General, United States Army Forces,
Western Pacific. A petition for writ of certiorari having been granted
in this case, it is ordered that all further proceedings in this matter
be stayed pending the final disposition of this case by this Court.
No. 1192. Julius A. Krug, Secretary of the Interior, et al., peti-
tioners, v. Santa Fe Pacific Railroad Company; and
No. 1193. Julius A. Krug, Secretary of the Interior, et al., peti-
tioners, v. Santa Fe Pacific Railroad Company. The motion to substi-
tute Oscar L. Chapman as Under Secretary of the Interior is granted.
The petition for writs of certiorari to the United States Court of
Appeals for the District of Columbia is also granted.
No. 1227. United States ex rel. David Goodman, petitioner, v.
Major General T. G. Hearn, Commanding General of Camp Wheeler,
Georgia. The petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of
Appeals for the Fifth Circuit is granted, limited to the third and fourth
questions in the petition for writ of certiorari. The case is transferred
to the summary docket and assigned for argument immediately fol-
lowing Nos. 947-948.
No. 1302. State of Louisiana, ex rel. Willie Francis, petitioner, v.
E. L. Resbeber, Sheriff of the Parish of St. Martin, Louisiana, et al.
The motion for leave to proceed in forma pauperis is granted. The
petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of the State of
Louisiana is also granted.
No. 951. Koa Gora, petitioner, v. Territory of Hawaii. Petition
for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of Appeals for the Ninth
Circuit denied.
No. 1142. Rudolph Mejia et al., petitioners, v. United States. Peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of Appeals for the Fifth
Circuit denied.

?
MONDAY, JUNE 10, 1946
272
No. 1151. Sax and Rose Elizabeth Rohmer, petitioners, v. Commis-
sioner of Internal Revenue. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
Circuit Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit denied.
No. 1153. Portland Tug & Barge Company, a Corporation, peti-
tioner, v. Upper Columbia River Towing Company, a Corporation,
Claimant of the Diesel Tug "Megler," et al. Petition for writ of
certiorari to the Circuit Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit denied.
No. 1161. Safeway Stores, Incorporated, petitioner, v. Paul A.
Porter, Price Administrator. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
United States Emergency Court of Appeals denied.
No. 1170. J. R. McLeod, petitioner, v. The City of Jackson, Missis-
sippi, a Municipal Corporation. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
Supreme Court of Mississippi denied.
No. 1171. Birch Ranch and Oil Company, petitioner, v. Commis-
sioner of Internal Revenue. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Cir-
cuit Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit denied.
No. 1172. Guiseppe Bozzo Fu Lorenzo, as Owner of the Steam
Vessel "Antoinetta," Her Engines, Boilers, etc., petitioner, v. United
States et al.;
No. 1173. A. T. Rosasco, as Owner of the Steam Vessel "Santa
Rosa," Her Engines, Boilers, etc., petitioner, v. United States et al.;
No. 1174. Mariano Maresca and Company, as Owner of the Steam
Vessel "Mar Glauco," Her Engines, Boilers, etc., petitioner, v. United
States et al.; and
No. 1175. "Italia"-Societa Anonima Di Navigazione, as Owner of
the Steam Vessel "Belvedere," Her Engines, Boilers, etc., petitioner,
v. United States et al. Petition for writs of certiorari to the Circuit
Court of Appeals for the Third Circuit denied.
No. 1176. Societa Anonima Cooperative Di Navigazione Garibaldi,
as Bailee of the Italian Vessel "Brennero,” Her Engines, Boilers, etc.,
petitioner, v. United States et al.;
No. 1177. "Italia"-Societa Anonima Di Navigazione, as Owner of
the Italian Vessel "Alberta," Her Engines, Boilers, etc., petitioner, v.
United States et al.;
No. 1178. "Italia"-Societa Anonima Di Navigazione, as Owner of
the Italian Vessel "Aussa," Her Engines, Boilers, etc., petitioner, v.
United States et al.; and
No. 1179. "Italia"-Societa Anonima Di Navigazione, as Owner of
the Italian Vessel "Arsa," Her Engines, Boilers, etc., petitioner, v.
United States et al. Petition for writs of certiorari to the Circuit
Court of Appeals for the Third Circuit denied.
No. 1223. Homer L. Loomis, petitioner, v. United States and Leo
J. Crowley, Alien Property Custodian of the United States. Petition
657009-46-93

MONDAY, JUNE 10, 1946
273
for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of Appeals for the Third
Circuit denied.
No. 1182. Robert E. Dineen, Superintendent of Insurance of the
State of New York, as Liquidator of Lawyers Mortgage Company,
petitioner, v. United States. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
Circuit Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit denied.
No. 1187. Bertha Friend, Middle Atlantic Transportation Com-
pany and Milburn Martin, petitioner, v. Fred J. Friend. Petition for
writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of Appeals for the Second
Circuit denied.
No. 1190. Pete Golson, petitioner, v. The People of the State of
Illinois. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of
Illinois denied.
No. 1191. The People of the State of Illinois ex rel. Charles A.
Pusch, petitioner, v. Michael F. Mulcahy, Sheriff of Cook County,
Illinois, et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court
of Illinois denied.
No. 1195. John A. Johnson & Sons, Inc., and American Surety
Company of New York, petitioners, v. United States to the Use of the
Baltimore Brick Company; and
No. 1196. John A. Johnson & Sons, Inc., and American Surety
Company of New York, petitioners, v. Jacob Friedman, Trading as
J. Friedman Company. Petition for writs of certiorari to the Circuit
Court of Appeals for the Fourth Circuit denied.
No. 1198. West Kentucky Coal Company, petitioner, v. National
Labor Relations Board. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit
Court of Appeals for the Sixth Circuit denied.
No. 1202. W. D. Haden Company, petitioner, v. L. Metcalfe Wall-
ing, Administrator of the Wage and Hour Division, United States
Department of Labor. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit
Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 1213. Annie Moore, as Administratrix of the Goods, Chattels,
and Credits of William J. Simpson, Deceased, petitioner, v. Atlantic
Coast Line Railroad Company. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
Circuit Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit denied.
No. 1215. Max D. Gustin, Administrator of the Estate of William
Duncan Graham, Deceased, petitioner, v. Sun Life Assurance Com-
pany of Canada. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court
of Appeals for the Sixth Circuit denied.
No. 1231. Forest E. Levers, Administrator of the Assets of a Part-
nership, etc., petitioner, v. A. V. Anderson, District Supervisor, Alco-
hol Tax Unit. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of
Appeals for the Tenth Circuit denied.

MONDAY, JUNE 10, 1946
274
No. 1233. The E. L. Essley Machinery Company, petitioner, v. The
Delta Manufacturing Company. Petition for writ of certiorari to
the Circuit Court of Appeals for the Seventh Circuit denied.
No. 1247. Baltimore & Ohio Chicago Terminal Railroad Company,
a Corporation, petitioner, v. William W. Howard. Petition for writ
of certiorari to the Appellate Court of the State of Illinois, First
District, denied.
No. 286. The Denver & Rio Grande Western Railroad Company,
petitioner, v. Reconstruction Finance Corporation et al.; and
No. 291. Guy A. Thompson, Trustee, Missouri Pacific Railroad
Company, Debtor, petitioner, v. Reconstruction Finance Corporation
et al. Petitions for writs of certiorari to the Circuit Court of Appeals
for the Tenth Circuit denied.
No. 1108. Lola Brooks, Administratrix of the Estate of F. S.
Brooks, Deceased, petitioner, v. St. Louis-San Francisco Railway
Company, Debtor, et al.;
No. 1109. John E. Dikis, as Administrator of the Estate of Robert
E. Lee, Deceased, et al., petitioners, v. St. Louis-San Francisco Railway
Company, Debtor, et al.; and
No. 1110. St. Louis-San Francisco Railway Company, Debtor, peti-
tioner, v. The Chase National Bank of the City of New York and
John A. Aid, Trustees et al. Petition for writs of certiorari to the
Circuit Court of Appeals for the Eighth Circuit denied.
No. 1111. St. Louis-San Francisco Railway Company, Debtor, peti-
tioner, v. The Chase National Bank of the City of New York et al.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of Appeals for the
Eighth Circuit denied.
No. 873. Theodore Karl Siegel, petitioner, v. United States. Peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of Appeals for the
Second Circuit denied.
No. 1201. United States ex rel. Constantinos Karpathiou, peti-
tioner, v. Andrew Jordon, District Director of Immigration and
Naturalization, Chicago District. Petition for writ of certiorari to
the Circuit Court of Appeals for the Seventh Circuit denied.
No. 1218. Robert Lieberman, petitioner, v. United States; and
No. 1219. Irving Malbin, petitioner, v. United States. Petitions
for writs of certiorari to the Circuit Court of Appeals for the Second
Circuit denied.
No. 1229. Federal Land Bank of Spokane et al., petitioners, v. S. P.
Beecher. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of
Appeals for the Ninth Circuit denied.
No. 1238. George F. Fish, Inc., and Michael Simon, petitioners, v.
United States. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of
Appeals for the Second Circuit denied.

MONDAY, JUNE 10, 1946
275
No. 1241. The Kar Engineering Company, Inc., petitioner, v.
Brown & Sharpe Manufacturing Company and James Neill & Co.
(Sheffield), Limited. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit
Court of Appeals for the First Circuit denied.
No. 1284. Stanley J. Klein, petitioner, v. Commissioner of Internal
Revenue. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of
Appeals for the Third Circuit denied.
No. 1285. Richard Shew, petitioner, v. United States. Petition for
writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of Appeals for the Fourth Cir-
cuit denied.
No. 1304. Richmond Screw Anchor Co., Inc., petitioner, v. L. Met-
calfe Walling, Administrator of the Wage and Hour Division, United
States Department of Labor. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
Circuit Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit denied.
No. 1040. Millard George Green, petitioner, v. The State of Okla-
homa. The motion to dispense with printing the petition, brief and
record is granted. The petition for writ of certiorari to the Criminal
Court of Appeals for the State of Oklahoma is denied.
No. 1124. R. E. Schreffler, Doing Business as Schreffler Steel &
Supply Co., et al., petitioners, v. Chester Bowles, Administrator, Office
of Price Administration. The motion to substitute Paul A. Porter
as party respondent is granted. The petition for writ of certiorari to
the Circuit Court of Appeals for the Tenth Circuit is denied.
No. 916. Henry L. Saunders, petitioner, v. Ralph E. Wilkins.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of Appeals for the
Fourth Circuit denied. Mr. Justice Douglas is of the opinion that the
petition should be granted.
No. 1220. Randolph Phillips, et al., petitioners, v. The Baltimore
and Ohio Railroad Company; and
No. 1221. Jane Crozier, Roberta Giesecke, and Harriet M. Ackert,
petitioners, v. The Baltimore and Ohio Railroad Company. The
motions to dispense with printing the record are granted. The peti-
tions for writs of certiorari to the District Court of the United States
for the District of Maryland are denied.
No. 756. Manning Strewl, petitioner, v. Joseph W. Sanford, Ward-
en, etc. On petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of
Appeals for the Fifth Circuit;
No. 886. Lee Snyder, petitioner, v. United States. On petition for
writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of Appeals for the Fourth
Circuit;
No. 1055. S. P. Beecher, petitioner, v. Federal Land Bank of Spo-
kane et al.; and

MONDAY, JUNE 10, 1946
276
No. 1230. S. P. Beecher, petitioner, v. Federal Land Bank of Spo-
kane et al. On petition for writs of certiorari to the Circuit Court of
Appeals for the Ninth Circuit;
No. 1107. United States ex rel. Martin J. Durkin, petitioner, v.
William H. McDonnell, United States Marshal. On petition for writ
of certiorari to the Circuit Court of Appeals for the Seventh Circuit;
No. 1144. Herbert Wilson, petitioner, v. James A. Johnston,
Warden, etc. On petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court
of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit;
No. 1155. Billy Bernard Bledsoe, petitioner, v. James A. Johnston,
Warden, etc. On petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court
of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit ;
No. 1162. J. Vincent Murphy, petitioner, v. Mary Murphy Also
Known as Mary Nicklas. On petition for writ of certiorari to the
Supreme Court of Florida;
No. 1206. Theodore James Audett, petitioner, v. United States.
On petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of Appeals for
the Eighth Circuit ;
No. 1211. Jesse Sanford, petitioner, v. The State of Missouri; and
No. 1212. Fred Ellis, petitioner, v. The State of Missouri. On peti-
tion for writs of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Missouri;
No. 1235. United States ex rel. David Goodman, petitioner, v.
Major Hugh L. Roberts, Commanding Officer of the United States
Armed Forces, Induction Center, etc. On petition for writ of certi-
orari to the Circuit Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit;
No. 1242. Joseph D. Medley, petitioner, v. United States. On peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for
the District of Columbia;
No. 1265. E. J. Roberts, petitioner, v. G. P. Bowman, Superin-
tendent, Virginia State Penitentiary Lime Plant, Staunton, Virginia.
On petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Appeals
of the Commonwealth of Virginia;
No. 1266. George Small, petitioner, v. Blakely R. Webster, Super-
intendent, Dannemora State Hospital, Dannemora, New York. On
petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals of New York;
No. 1267. Charles Michael La Placa, petitioner, v. The People of
the State of New York. On petition for writ of certiorari to the Court
of Appeals of New York;
No. 1273. Albert La Ravearl, petitioner, v. Joseph E. Ragen,
Warden, etc. On petition for writ of certiorari to the Criminal Court
of Cook County, State of Illinois;
No. 1274. Harold Ray, petitioner, v. Joseph E. Ragen, Warden,
etc. On petition for writ of certiorari to the Criminal Court of Cook
County, State of Illinois;

"
MONDAY, JUNE 10, 1946
277
No. 1275. Henry Robinson, petitioner, v. People of the State of
Illinois. On petition for writ of certiarari to the Supreme Court of
Illinois;
No. 1276. Chester F. James, petitioner, v. Joseph E. Ragen,
Warden, etc. On petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court
of Will County, State of Illinois;
No. 1277. Chester F. James, petitioner, v. Joseph E. Ragen, Ward-
en, etc. On petition for writ of certiorari to the Criminal Court of
Cook County, State of Illinois;
No. 1278. Edward J. Kruse; petitioner, v. Joseph E. Ragen,
Warden, etc. On petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court
of Illinois;
No. 1279. Henry Willa Rusk, Jr., petitioner, v. United States. On
petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of Appeals for
the Fifth Circuit;
No. 1280. Gene McCann, petitioner, v. James E. Mulcahy, United
States Marshall for the Southern District of New York, et al. On
petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of Appeals for the
Second Circuit;
No. 1288. Leo Michalowski, petitioner, v. Joseph E. Ragen, Ward-
en, etc. On petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of
Will County, State of Illinois;
No. 1289. Leo Michalowski, petitioner, v. Joseph E. Ragen, Ward-
en, etc. On petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of
Illinois;
No. 1290. Medio Mancione, petitioner, v. Joseph E. Ragen, Warden,
etc. On petition for writ of certiorari to the Criminal Court of Cook
County, State of Illinois;
No. 1296. Eddie Duncan, petitioner, v. Joseph E. Ragen, Warden,
etc. On petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of
Illinois;
No. 1297. James Clouse, petitioner, v. Joseph E. Ragen, Warden,
etc. On petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of Clark
County, State of Illinois; and
No. 1299. Omar V. Longtin, petitioner, v. Walter Nierstheimer,
Warden, etc. On petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court
of Kankakee County, State of Illinois. The motions for leave to pro-
ceed in forma pauperis in these cases are granted. The petitions for
writs of certiorari are denied.
No. 952. Bertha Florence Sabin and M. R. Sabin, petitioners, v.
Home Owners' Loan Corporation, a Corporation, George J. Overmyer
and Brenda E. Overmyer;
No. 971. Joseph Ago Stassi, petitioner, v. United States;

,
MONDAY, JUNE 10, 1946
278
No. 1020. Corrine Sykes, alias Heloise T. Parker, petitioner, v. The
Commonwealth of Pennsylvania;
No. 1033. F. A. Gillespie, petitioner, v. Commissioner of Internal
Revenue;
No. 1049. State of Texas, petitioner, v. Alberto Balli et al.;
No. 1092. Metallizing Engineering Co., Inc., petitioner, v. Kenyon
Bearing & Auto Parts Co., Inc. et al.;
No. 1097. John Knudsen, petitioner, v. Arthur Stegman;
No. 1115. Bruce Borrelli, petitioner, v. The State of Illinois;
No. 1189. Samuel R. Toucey, petitioner, v. New York Life Insur-
ance Company; and
No. 1210. Paul Ginsburg, petitioner, v. Charles H. Sachs, William
C. McEldowney and Max Perlman. The petitions for rehearing in
these cases are denied.
No. 68. Uldric Thompson, Jr., petitioner, v. United States. The
motion for leave to file a third petition for rehearing is denied. Mr.
Justice Burton took no part in the consideration or decision of this
application.
No. 667. Wesley W. West, petitioner, v. Commissioner of Internal
Revenue;
No. 668. J. Marion West, petitioner, v. Commissioner of Internal
Revenue;
No. 669. Estate of J. M. West, Deceased, James M. West, Jr., et al.,
Executors, petitioners, v. Commissioner of Internal Revenue; and
No. 670. Jessie Gertrude West, petitioner, v. Commissioner of In-
ternal Revenue. The motion for leave to file a third petition for re-
hearing is granted. The petition for rehearing is denied. Mr. Justice
Rutledge took no part in the consideration or decision of these appli-
cations.
No. 880. Harry J. Alker, Jr., and Mamie Du Ban, Individually
and as Executrix of the Estate of Alfred A. Du Ban, Deceased, peti-
tioners, v. Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation. The motion for
leave to file a third petition for rehearing is denied.
Mr. Justice Jackson took no part in the consideration or decision
of the cases in which judgments or orders are this day announced.

MONDAY, JUNE 10, 1946
279
Mr. Justice Black, Acting Chief Justice, announced the following
order:
"All cases submitted and all business before the Court at this term
in readiness for disposition having been disposed of,
It is ordered by this Court that all cases on the docket, be, and they
hereby are, continued to the next term."
Adjourned to the time and place appointed by law.
☑