ن
I
OCTOBER TERM, 1946
STATISTICS
7497
Original
Appellate
Total
Number of cases on docket..
12
1, 512
1, 524
Cases disposed of _
0
1,366
1, 366
Remaining on docket...
12
146
158
Cases disposed of-
By written opinions….
190
By per curiam opinions_
66
By denial or dismissal of petitions for certiorari_.
By motion to dismiss or per stipulation_
1106
4
Number of written opinions_
Number of admissions to bar_
142
1328
REFERENCE INDEX
Vinson, C. J., announcement of appointment-
Page
1
McReynolds, J., death of (August 24, 1946) announced
Stone, C. J., and McReynolds, J., announcement of memorial
meetings to be held next term
2
303
Court's expression of sympathy to Mr. Justice Murphy upon
death of his brother_.
41
Oscar D. Clark, Librarian, death of announced_.
165
Helen Newman, appointed Librarian____
200
Clarence E. Bright, Court Printer, testimonial____
108
Special Term of Court (Saturday, March 15, in conference
room, to act on application for stay) ---
Court recessed to consider applications in capital cases (Med-
ley and Francis) _.
Allotment of Justices_
Bonds required of Librarian and Associate Librarian
Disbarment, in the matter of-
H. Eugene Gardner_-_
Nathan A. Dobbins-
705009-47-102
193
106, 251
6
297
99
142, 201

II
B
Disbarment, in the matter of-Continued
Leonard Eriksson--
Hulon Capshaw_--
Rules of Supreme Court-Rule 2 amended__
Rules of Civil Procedure-amendments transmitted to Attor-
ney General to be reported to Congress_
Page
201, 260
- 260, 291
71
118
303
212
98, 142, 184, 225
Bankruptcy amendments to general orders and forms.
Attorney, change of name--
Counsel appointed (Nos. 405, 793, 540, 823)
Opinion announced on Thursday (No. 759 etc. Lewis case) ---- 177
Opinions amended (Nos. 625 O. T. 1945, 141, 85, 69) – 45, 201, 231, 302
Dissenting opinion filed in case decided at prior term (No. 278
56
265
161
O. T. 1945)---
Special Master his course of procedure approved (9 Orig.) -- 161
Case recommitted to Special Master (10 Orig.) -
Complaint dismissed as to certain defendants (9 Orig.).
Judgment affirmed by equally divided court (No. 253 etc.) ----
Judgments announced-no opinions of the Court (Nos. 26,
142, 405)
200
80, 125, 295
Judgment of state court vacated and cause remanded to enable
it to reconsider its decision "in the light of" a recently decided
case (No. 880) --
Judgments reversed, per curiam, on consideration of Jurisdic-
tional Statements where no opposing statements filed (Nos.
1100-1, 1334 etc.).
200
212, 266
Judgment affirmed on Jurisdictional Statement (No. 940).
Two Justices "agree only that probable jurisdiction should
be noted"
Judgment vacated, per curiam, and cause remanded with direc-
tions to make findings of fact (No. 1161) --
Case continued over opposition (No. 544) -
Stay granted (133 Misc., 1476).
___
254
259
236
225, 299
104
Stay denied. Motions for stay treated as petitions for certiorari
and certiorari denied (Nos. - Medley and Copeland).
Suggestion of death-substitution granted (No. 3) ----
Suggestion of death-petition for certiorari in criminal case
dismissed as to deceased petitioner (No. 971) --
Substitution granted (Nos. 58, 59) -
Substitution granted as to one party and question postponed as
to others (No. 207-see opinion) --
Substitution, motion to vacate order of, postponed to hearing
(No. 583-see opinion) ---
8
205
8.
12, 211
114
SEP 2'47

III
Confession of error by Solicitor General (No. 220) State case
(No. 389) __
----
Moot case, certiorari dismissed (Nos. 264, 145)
Costs, one-fourth taxed against petitioner and balance against
respondent (No. 92) --
Costs, motion to retax denied (Nos. 288, 184) ---
Habeas corpus-leave to file denied for want of original juris-
diction (Nos/18 Misc. etc.).
Page
5,96
96, 113
135
202, 213
7
Habeas corpus-leave to file denied "without prejudice to appli-
cation to proper tribunals” (No. 140 Misc.) --
Mandamus leave to file denied with three Justices voting to
grant (No. 20 Misc.) --
251
44
Motion for appointment of counsel, to prepare petition for
certiorari denied. (No. -) ---
267
8
42
136,293
Motion as to printing record granted (No. 72) ---
Motion to file substituted petition for certiorari granted (No.
140)
Motion to amend assignments of error postponed to hearing and
later granted (No. 89).
194, 254
283
Motion to intervene, referred to Special Master (11 Orig.)
Motion to recall and amend mandate, denied (No. 184)
Motion to modify judgment (No. 497). Judgment modified
and District Court clothed with authority to consider ques-
tions arising under Portal-to-Portal Act, passed subsequent
to opinion of this Court
Motion for enlargement on recognizance granted and referred
to District Court for appropriate action (No. 1285) -----
Appeal dismissed with two Justices expressing the view that
probable jurisdiction should be noted and one, by memo.
opinion, that question should be postponed (Nos 531–2) ----
Appeal dismissed for failure to comply with Rule 12 (No.
572) ---
284
284
50
96, 126, 137
Appeal dismissed, out of time (No. 1028). Two appeals taken,
the time in one (No. 1027) being computed from date of judg-
ment and in the other (No. 1028) from order denying motion
to recall remittitur (Washington) __.
Appeal certified from Court of Appeals, D. C., under provisions
of Criminal Appeals Act-no jurisdictional statement re-
quested (No. 1401) ------
Certiorari denied-authorities cited (No. 1294) -----
183
268
254
Certiorari denied for want of final judgment (Nos. 301, 427) -- 23, 44

IV
Certiorari granted and cause remanded for consideration of
question raised by Solicitor General in amicus curiae memo-
randum (No. 504)---
Page
58,202
- 87,98
Certiorari before judgment granted (No. 759 etc., 690) --
Certiorari before judgment denied (Nos. 609-10) ----
Certiorari denied in part and action withheld in part (Nos.
609-10) ---
Certiorari-cross writ dismissed (No. 96)
Certiorari dismissed as to certain respondents and additional
party made a respondent (Nos. 470 etc.)
80
80
140
202
Certiorari-order granting vacated and certiorari denied ex
mero motu (No. 993) …….
213
Certiorari denied for failure to file in time (No. 1140). Time
had been computed from date mandate filed in lower court
(Ohio) ____
245
275,297, 298
87, 153, 162
85,96
137
Reargument ordered (Nos. 464, 862, 33, 934, 346) ----
Rehearing granted (Nos. 497, 733, 346) ---
Rehearing granted and judgment of Court of Claims vacated
and cause remanded to enable that court to consider effect of
recent act of Congress (Nos. 368, 369).
Rehearing granted. Appeal had been dismissed for failure to
comply with Rule 12 (No. 572) …….
Rehearing granted (No. 489 O. T. 1945). Case decided final
day of 1945 Term and rehearing filed within 25 days after
adjournment denied in October of 1946 Term. Motion to
file second petition granted and judgment vacated_________ 45, 166
Rehearing granted and certiorari granted limited to question
presented by rehearing. Judgment modified and remanded
for consideration of that question (effect of Portal-to-Portal
Act). (No. 836) --
283
Rehearing denied with two of the majority expressing the view
that it should be granted (Nos. 42-45) --
Rehearing denied (No. 990). Two Justices "having originally
127
voted to grant the petition for certiorari (not noted) believe
that the petition for rehearing should be granted.”.
246
Order suspending call of docket (May 5, 1947) --
247
Order fixing adjournment date_
Final order...
263
303
U. S. GOVERNMENT PRINTING OFFICE: 1947

MONDAY, OCTOBER 7, 1946
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
1
Present: Mr. Chief Justice Vinson, Mr. Justice Black, Mr. Justice
Reed, Mr. Justice Frankfurter, Mr. Justice Douglas, Mr. Justice
Murphy, Mr. Justice Jackson, Mr. Justice Rutledge, and Mr. Justice
Burton.
David L. Bazelon, of Chicago, Ill.; George Howard Crane, of Dallas,
Tex.; Robert L. Tollefsen, of Kearney, Nebr.; Frederick Stewart
Gilbert, Jr., of Jacksonville, Fla.; Robert H. Givens, of Miami, Fla.;
Geo. P. Taubman, Jr., of Long Beach, Calif.; Thos. C. McCarty, of
Santa Fe, N. Mex.; William Halpern, of Los Angeles, Calif.; Richard
H. Burke, of New York, N. Y.; Louis F. Knoblock, of Peoria, Ill.;
Wilbur Duberstein, of New York, N. Y.; Alfred A. Donaghue, of
Minneapolis, Minn.; William P. McGrath, of Fargo, N. Dak.; Walter
F. Maley, of Des Moines, Iowa; James Riley McManus, of Des Moines,
Iowa; Arthur C. Mueller, of Hermann, Mo.; Robert A. Kahn, of Chi-
cago, Ill.; Everett E. Smith, of Minneapolis, Minn.; Jefferson L. Davis,
of Cartersville, Ga.; Neil Tolman, of Nelson, N. H.; Norris E. Halpern,
of Norfolk, Va.; Marcus L. Whitford, of New York, N. Y.; Clarence
G. Morse, of San Francisco, Calif.; Alfred C. Aurich, of Washington,
D. C.; Robert W. Geweke, of Watertown, Wis.; Charles S. Geier, of
Boston, Mass.; Benjamin Fisher Pollack, of Boston, Mass.; Jess N.
Dalton, of Independence, Kans.; Croom Partridge, of Atlanta, Ga.;
Wm. S. Mundy, Jr., of Lynchburg, Va.; Albert J. Rosenthal, of New
York, N. Y.; William Curran, of Baltimore, Md.; T. Barton Harring-
ton, of Baltimore, Md.; J. Edgar Harvey, of Salisbury, Md.; Thomas
G. Gray, of Baltimore, Md.; Samuel W. Sherman, of New York, N. Y.;
Jack J. Lande, of Clio, Mich.; R. Paul Sanford, of Danville, Va.;
William F. Campbell, Jr., of Brooklyn, N. Y.; Sol D. Kapelsohn, of
Newark, N. J.; Edward I. Pollock, of Los Angeles, Calif.; Emanuel
Becker, of Los Angeles, Calif.; Philip Redmond Monahan, of Worces-
ter, Mass.; Leonard I. Schreiber, of New York, N. Y.; Julius Levy, of
New York, N. Y.; Charles Mead Fistere, of Washington, D. C.; and
Edward Norwalk, of New York, N. Y., were admitted to practice.
Mr. Justice Black said:
"The President, with the advice and consent of the Senate, has
appointed Fred M. Vinson, of Kentucky, to be Chief Justice of the
United States. He has presented his commission which will be filed,
together with his oaths which he has previously taken in the forms
prescribed by law."
705009-46-1

MONDAY, OCTOBER 7, 1946
2
The commission of Mr. Chief Justice Vinson is in the words and
figures following, viz:
"HARRY S. TRUMAN
"President of the United States of America
"To all who shall see these Presents, Greeting:
"Know Ye; That reposing special trust and confidence in the Wis-
dom, Uprightness, and Learning of Fred M. Vinson, of Kentucky, I
have nominated, and, by and with the advice and consent of the Senate,
do appoint him Chief Justice of the United States and do authorize
and empower him to execute and fulfil the duties of that Office accord-
ing to the Constitution and Laws of the said United States, and to
Have and to Hold the said Office, with all the powers, privileges, and
emoluments to the same of right appertaining, unto Him, the said
Fred M. Vinson, during his good behavior.
"IN TESTIMONY WHEREOF, I have caused these Letters to be made
patent and the seal of the Department of Justice to be hereunto
affixed.
"Done at the City of Washington this twenty-first day of June, in
the year of our Lord one thousand nine hundred and forty-six, and of
the Independence of the United States of America the one hundred
and seventieth.
"By the President:
"TOM C. CLARK,
"Attorney General."
The Chief Justice said:
"HARRY S. TRUMAN.
"I announce with profound regret the death on August 24, 1946, of
James Clark McReynolds, a retired Associate Justice of this Court.
"Justice McReynolds was an Assistant Attorney General of the
United States from 1903 to 1907 under appointment of President
Theodore Roosevelt. He served as Attorney General of the United
States from March 1913 to August 1914 under appointment of Presi-
dent Woodrow Wilson. Then he was appointed an Associate Jus-
tice of the Supreme Court by President Woodrow Wilson, serving
until his retirement, February 1, 1941.
"He was an active member of this Court for twenty-seven years.
He was a vigorous, capable, determined, and forthright member. His
death brought to a close a distinguished career and a life of devotion.
to duty. At an appropriate time, the Court will receive the resolu-
tions of the Bar in tribute to his memory."

MONDAY, OCTOBER 7, 1946
3
No. 246. The Connecticut Company, petitioner, v. L. Metcalfe
Walling, Administrator of the Wage and Hour Division, United States
Department of Labor. On petition for writ of certiorari to the
Circuit Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit. Dismissed on mo-
tion of counsel for the petitioner.
No. 440. The United States of America et al., appellants, v. The
State of New York et al. Appeal from the District Court of the
United States for the Northern District of New York. Dismissed
on motion of counsel for the appellants.
Adjourned until Monday next at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Monday, October 14, will be as follows: Nos. 3, 4
(and 5), 37, 6 (7, 8, 9, and 10), 11, 38 (and 39), 12 (13, 14, 15,
16, 17, 18, and 19), 20, 84, and 40.
☑

MONDAY, OCTOBER 14, 1946
4
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: Mr. Chief Justice Vinson, Mr. Justice Black, Mr. Justice
Reed, Mr. Justice Frankfurter, Mr. Justice Douglas, Mr. Justice Mur-
phy, Mr. Justice Jackson, Mr. Justice Rutledge, and Mr. Justice
Burton.
Robert B. Harbison, of Altus, Okla.; Harry C. Steinberg, of El
Dorado, Ark.; James Melbourne Hinton, of Akron, Ohio; Solomon H.
Skolnick, of Woonsocket, R. I.; Harry J. Stein, of New York, N. Y.;
Harry L. Marcus, of Brooklyn, N. Y.; Herbert L. Maltinsky, of Brook-
lyn, N. Y.; William K. Miller, of Newark, N. J.; Laurence L. Crispin,
of Woodbury, N. J.; Ernest Robertson, of Wichita Falls, Tex.; John H.
Fetterhoff, of Indianapolis, Ind.; Thaddeus B. Rowe, of Chicago, Ill.;
Isaac C. Sutton, of Philadelphia, Pa.; Frederick E. Weinberg, of New
York, N. Y.; Ernest Wunsch, of Detroit, Mich.; Robert C. Fable, Jr.,
of Philadelphia, Pa.; Joseph A. Murphy, of Trenton, N. J.; Benjamin
Byrd Garland, of Jackson, Ga.; Burnham Enersen, of San Francisco,
Calif.; Theodore Le Blanc, of Washington, D. C.; Prentiss Ward
Evans, of Crisfield, Md.; Thomas J. Hughes, of Detroit, Mich.; Wil-
liam L. Pack, of Laurel, Miss.; Stanley Hoods, of Chicago, Ill.;
Hilary Dennison Mahin, of Bartlesville, Okla.; Sylvester S. Garfield,
of Lyndhurst, N. J.; John P. Geiger, of San Francisco, Calif.; Walter
M. Nelson, of Detroit, Mich.; and James A. Dilkes, of New York,
N. Y., were admitted to practice.
The Chief Justice announced the following orders of the Court:
No. 210. W. E. Whitmore, appellant, v. R. L. Ormsbee, Commis-
sioner of the Bureau of Revenue, State of New Mexico;
No. 211. KGFL, Inc., appellant, v. R. L. Ormsbee, Commis-
sioner of the Bureau of Revenue, State of New Mexico; and
No. 212. Robert D. Houck, Hoyt Houck, Walter G. Russell et al.,
etc., appellants, v. R. L. Ormsbee, Commissioner of the Bureau of
Revenue, State of New Mexico. Appeals from the District Court of
the United States for the District of New Mexico. Per curiam: The
motions to affirm are granted and the judgments are affirmed. (1)
Hillsborough v. Cromwell, 326 U. S. 620, 623; Matthews v. Rodgers,
284 U. S. 521, 525; (2) Union Brokerage Co. v. Jensen, 322 U. S. 202.
No. 276. General Transportation Company, A. B. & C. Trans-
portation Co., et al., appellants, v. United States and Interstate Com-
merce Commission. Appeal from the District Court of the United
705009-46-2

MONDAY, OCTOBER 14, 1946
5
States for the District of Massachusetts. Per curiam: The motion
to affirm is granted and the judgment is affirmed. Secs. 5 (2) (a), 203
(a) (14), 212 (a), Interstate Commerce Act, as amended, 49 U. S. C.,
Secs. 5, 303 (a) (14), 312 (a).
No. 296. Otis Evans, Trading as Otis Evans Truck Line, appel-
lant, v. United States and Interstate Commerce Commission. Appeal
from the District Court of the United States for the Western District
of Virginia. Per curiam: The motion to affirm is granted and the
judgment is affirmed. Alton Railroad Co. v. United States, 315 U. S.
15, 25; United States v. Carolina Freight Carriers Corporation, 315
U. S. 475, 484, 490; Mississippi Valley Barge Line Co. v. United States,
292 U. S. 282, 286–7.
No. 318. Louise McGrew Moffett and Louise McGrew Moffett, as
Executrix of the Estate of Thomas S. Moffett, Deceased, appellants, v.
Commerce Trust Company et al. Appeal from the Supreme Court of
Missouri. Per curiam: The motion to dismiss is granted, and the
appeal is dismissed for the reason that the decision of the state court
sought here to be reviewed was based upon a non-federal ground ade-
quate to support it. Enterprise Irrigation District v. Canal Co., 243
U. S. 157, 165; Utley v. St. Petersburg, 292 U. S. 106, 111.
No. 338. Max Kut, appellant, v. Bureau of Unemployment Com-
pensation of the State of Ohio et al. Appeal from the Supreme Court
of Ohio. Per curiam: The motion to dismiss is granted, and the appeal
is dismissed for the reason that the decision of the state court sought
here to be reviewed was based upon a non-federal ground adequate to
support it. Berea College v. Kentucky, 211 U. S. 45.
No. 374. Darwyn Gallup, appellant, v. Township of Lower Merion.
Appeal from the Superior Court of the Commonwealth of Pennsyl-
vania. Per curiam: The motion to dismiss is granted, and the appeal
is dismissed for want of a substantial federal question. Hadacheck v.
Los Angeles, 239 U. S. 394; New Orleans Public Service v. New
Orleans, 281 U. S. 682.
No. 424. Memphis Natural Gas Company, appellant, v. George F.
McCanless, Commissioner of Finance and Taxation for the State of
Tennessee. Appeal from the Supreme Court of Tennessee. Per
curiam: The motion to dismiss is granted and the appeal is dismissed
for want of jurisdiction. Sec. 237 (a), Judicial Code, as amended,
28 U. S. C. Sec. 344 (a). Treating the papers whereon the appeal was
allowed as a petition for writ of certiorari as required by Sec. 237 (c)
of the Judicial Code, as amended, 28 U. S. C. Sec. 344 (c), certiorari
is denied.
No. 220. Rushell Bailey, petitioner, v. The United States of Amer-
ica. On petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of Appeals

MONDAY, OCTOBER 14, 1946
6
for the Seventh Circuit. Per curiam: The Court having given con-
sideration to the Government's confession of error, the petition for
writ of certiorari is granted and the judgment of the Circuit Court of
Appeals is reversed.
The Chief Justice said:
"The other orders of the Court appear upon the list certified by
the Chief Justice and filed with the Clerk and will not be announced
orally."
ORDER
IT IS ORDERED that the following allotment be made of the Chief
Justice and Associate Justices of this Court among the circuits, agree-
ably to the Acts of Congress in such case made and provided, and that
such allotment be entered of record, viz:
For the First Circuit, Felix Frankfurter, Associate Justice.
For the Second Circuit, Robert H. Jackson, Associate Justice.
For the Third Circuit, Harold H. Burton, Associate Justice.
For the Fourth Circuit, Fred M. Vinson, Chief Justice.
For the Fifth Circuit, Hugo L. Black, Associate Justice.
For the Sixth Circuit, Stanley Reed, Associate Justice.
For the Seventh Circuit, Frank Murphy, Associate Justice.
For the Eighth Circuit, Wiley Rutledge, Associate Justice.
For the Ninth Circuit, William O. Douglas, Associate Justice.
For the Tenth Circuit, Wiley Rutledge, Associate Justice.
For the District of Columbia, Fred M. Vinson, Chief Justice.
No. 10, Original. The United States of America, complainant, v.
The State of Wyoming and the Ohio Oil Company. The report of
the Special Master herein is received and ordered filed. Exceptions
or objections, if any, to the report of the Special Master are to be
filed on or before December 2d next.
No. 1, Misc. William Watkins, petitioner, v. State of Indiana and
Ralph Howard, as Warden;
No. 3, Misc. Ralph Reavis, petitioner, v. Walter G. Nierstheimer,
Warden;
No. 5, Misc. Andrew Vialva, petitioner, v. Francis C. Shaw, Di-
rector, Dannemora State Hospital, etc.;
No. 6, Misc. Harold Fields, petitioner, v. W. C. Parker, Warden;
No. 7, Misc. Ollie Bernard Morris, petitioner, v. State of Delaware;
No. 8, Misc. Constantinos Drakos, petitioner, v. Walter Niers-
theimer, Warden;
No. 9, Misc. William Bishop Donnell, petitioner, v. B. B. Stewart,
Acting Warden;

MONDAY, OCTOBER 14, 1946
7
No. 10, Misc. James Hanson, petitioner, v. W. Frank Smyth,
Superintendent;
No. 11, Misc. Clarence McCauley, petitioner, v. Joseph E. Ragen,
Warden;
No. 13, Misc. Charles Myron Godwin, petitioner, v. W. Frank
Smyth, Jr., Superintendent ;
No. 17, Misc. Sam Miner, petitioner, v. Joseph E. Ragen, Warden;
No. 21, Misc. Ex parte John Trent, petitioner;
No. 23, Misc. Fred Wallace Bantz, petitioner, v. P. J. Squier,
Warden; and
No. 26, Misc. United States ex rel. Valentine McAuliffe, peti-
tioner, v. Commonwealth of Pennsylvania. The motions for leave
to file petitions for writs of habeas corpus are denied.
No. 12, Misc. Albert R. House, petitioner, v. Nathan Mayo, Prison
Custodian of Florida, et al. The motions for leave to file petitions
for writs of habeas corpus and certiorari are denied.
No. 4, Misc. Cecil L. Wright, petitioner, v. Tom C. Clark, Attorney
General, et al. The application to withdraw the motion for leave
to file petition for writ of habeas corpus is granted.
No. 27, Misc. People of the United States ex rel, Edward McCol-
lister, petitioner, v. Joseph E. Ragen, Warden. The motion for leave
to file petition for writ of mandamus is denied.
No. 2, Misc. Chester Slivensky, petitioner, v. People of the State
of New Jersey;
No. 14, Misc. Vergil D. McMillan et al., petitioners, v. Francis W.
Taylor et al.;
No. 15, Misc. Paul Dvorak, petitioner, v. E. M. Stubblefield;
No. 16, Misc. James M. Smith, petitioner, v. M. J. Pescor, Warden;
No. 22, Misc. Dorsey McMahan, petitioner, v. Tom C. Clark, At-
torney General;
No. 28, Misc. Ex parte Orville Legrand Brown, petitioner; and
No. 29, Misc. In the Matter of James L. P. Rumble, petitioner.
The applications are denied.
No. 18, Misc. Ex parte Ralph K. Betz, petitioner;
No. 19, Misc. Ex parte Kathleen B. Nash Durant, petitioner;
No. 24, Misc. Ex parte William Raymond Wills, petitioner;
No. 25, Misc. Ex parte Rudolph Cutino, petitioner;
No. 30, Misc. Ex parte Daniel P. Walczak, petitioner;
No. 31, Misc. Ex parte William C. McKinley, petitioner; and
No. 32, Misc. Ex parte George B. Murphy, petitioner. The mo-
tions for leave to file petitions for writs of habeas corpus are denied
for want of original jurisdiction. Mr. Justice Black and Mr. Justice
Rutledge are of the opinion that as in Ex parte Hawk, 321 U. S. 114

MONDAY, OCTOBER 14, 1946
8
(see also White v. Ragen, 324 U. S. 760, 765) where this Court declined.
to entertain an application for relief by habeas corpus, the petitions
for habeas corpus should be denied without prejudice to their being
filed in the appropriate District Court. See Ex parte Endo, 323 U. S.
283, 304–306. Mr. Justice Murphy is of the view that these petitions
raise questions as to jurisdiction and proper procedure which should
be heard and determined by this Court. Mr. Justice Jackson took
no part in the consideration or decision of the application in No. 19,
Miscellaneous.
No. 3. Gath P. Freeman, Trustee Under the Will and of the Estate
of Henry C. Starr, Deceased, appellant v. Gilbert K. Hewit, Director
of Gross Income Tax Division, Department of Treasury, State of
Indiana. On consideration of the suggestion of the death of Gath P.
Freeman the motion to substitute Almira G. Freeman as the party
appellant herein is granted.
No. 58. General Leland S. Hobbs, Post Commanding Officer, Fort
Dix, New Jersey, petitioner v. United States ex rel. Harry Horiwitz;
and
No. 59. General Leland S. Hobbs, Post Commanding Officer, Fort
Dix, New Jersey, petitioner v. United States ex rel. Jacob S. Samuels.
The motion to substitute Major General W. W. Eagles as the party
petitioner herein in the place and stead of Major General Leland S.
Hobbs is granted.
No. 34. George Harris, petitioner, v. The United States of America.
The motion of the petitioner for leave to proceed further herein in
forma pauperis is granted.
No. 72. The Interstate Commerce Commission, appellant, v. A. L.
Mechling, Doing Business Under the Trade Name and Style of A. L.
Mechling Barge Line et al. The motion of the appellant as to the
printing of the record is granted.
No. 514. The United States of America v. Maria R. Lauro, as Ad-
ministratrix of the Goods, Chattels, and Credits of Peter Lauro, De-
ceased. This case is transferred to the summary docket and assigned
for argument immediately following No. 69.
No. 47. George E. Hickman, as Administrator of the Estate of
Norman E. Hickman, Deceased, petitioner, v. John M. Taylor and
George Anderson, Individually and Trading as Taylor & Anderson
Towing and Lighterage Company et al. The motion of the United
Railroad Workers of America for leave to present oral argument as
amicus curiae is denied.
No. 253. The United States of America, appellant, v. The Pullman
Company et al.;

MONDAY, OCTOBER 14, 1946
9
No. 254. Otis & Co., appellant, v. The United States of America
et al.;
No. 255. The Chesapeake & Ohio Railroad Company, et al., appel-
lants, v. The United States of America et al.; and
No. 256. Glore, Forgan & Co., appellant, v. The United States of
America et al. In these cases probable jurisdiction is noted. Mr.
Justice Jackson took no part in the consideration or decision of this
question.
No. 291. Marion B. Kotch, John L. Richards, Adolph Clark, et al.,
appellants, v. Board of River Port Pilot Commissioners for the Port
of New Orleans et al. In this case probable jurisdiction is noted.
No. 343. State of New York, State of Delaware, et al., appellants,
v. The United States of America, Interstate Commerce Commission,
State of Alabama, et al.;
No. 344. State of Maine, State of New Hampshire, et al., appel-
lants, v. The United States of America, Interstate Commerce Commis-
sion, et al.;
No. 345. The Atchison, Topeka and Santa Fe Railway Company
et al., appellants, v. The United States of America, Interstate Com-
merce Commission, et al. In these cases probable jurisdiction is noted.
The motion to advance is granted and the cases are assigned for argu-
ment on Monday, January 6, next. On consideration of the motion
for a diminution of the printed record it is denied.
No. 385. Atlantic Coast Line Railroad Company, appellant, v.
M. E. Thompson, State Revenue Commissioner of the State of
Georgia. In this case probable jurisdiction is noted.
No. 141. The Confederated Bands of the Ute Indians, petitioners,
v. United States. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Claims
granted.
No. 148. Edgar S. Albrecht and Geraldine Albrecht, His Wife,
et al., petitioners, v. United States;
No. 149. Edward J. Linnenbringer, petitioner, v. United States;
No. 150. Dennis B. Pitman and May Dell Pitman, petitioners, v.
United States;
No. 151. A. Ray Oliver, Executor of the Estate of Lola Castlio
Oliver, Deceased, et al., petitioners, v. United States; and
No. 155. Q. W. S. S. Realty and Investment Company, petitioner, v.
United States. Petitions for writs of certiorari to the Circuit Court
of Appeals for the Eighth Circuit granted.
No. 208. Transparent-Wrap Machine Corporation, petitioner, v.
Stokes & Smith Company. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Cir-
cuit Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit granted.

MONDAY, OCTOBER 14, 1946
10
No. 209. Adam A. Adams, petitioner, v. Commissioner of Internal
Revenue. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of Ap-
peals for the Third Circuit granted.
No. 229. Robert P. Patterson, Secretary of War, et al., petitioners,
v. James John Lamb. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United
States Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia granted.
No. 235. United States, petitioner, v. Standard Oil Company of
California and Ira Boone. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Cir-
cuit Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit granted.
No. 241. Conway C. Craig, Bob McCracken, and Tom Mulvany,
petitioners, v. John B. Harney, Sheriff of Nueces County, Texas.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Criminal Appeals of
the State of Texas granted.
No. 270. Industrial Commission of Wisconsin, Leo Thomas Kopp
and State of Wisconsin, petitioners, v. E. E. McCartin and Continental
Casualty Company. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme
Court of Wisconsin granted.
No. 335. L. Metcalfe Walling, Administrator of the, Wage and
Hour Division, United States Department of Labor, petitioner, v.
The Nashville, Chattanooga & St. Louis Railway. On petition for
writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of Appeals for the Sixth
Circuit; and
No. 336. L. Metcalfe Walling, Administrator of the Wage and
Hour Division, United States Department of Labor, petitioner, v.
Portland Terminal Company. On petition for writ of certiorari to
the Circuit Court of Appeals for the First Circuit. The petitions
for writs of certiorari are granted.
No. 377. Joseph S. Fay, petitioner, v. The People of the State of
New York; and
No. 452. James Bove, petitioner, v. The People of the State of
New York. Petitions for writs of certiorari to the Court of Appeals
of the State of New York granted.
No. 384. People of the State of New York ex rel. Rose Halvey,
petitioner, v. John F. Halvey, Custodian of John Arthur Halvey.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals of the State
of New York granted.
No. 404. Mexican Light & Power Company, Ltd., petitioner, v. The
Texas Mexican Railway Company. Petition for writ of certiorari
to the Supreme Court of Texas granted.
No. 429. United States, petitioner, v. Leslie Fullard-Leo, Ellen
Fullard-Leo, et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court
of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit granted.

MONDAY, OCTOBER 14, 1946
11
No. 443. Harry O. Pauly, petitioner, v. Wilson McCarthy and
Henry Swan, Trustees of the Denver and Rio Grande Western Rail-
road Company. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court
of Utah granted.
No. 106. United States, petitioner, v. The Thayer-West Point
Hotel Company. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of
Claims granted and case transferred to the summary docket.
No. 190. Zachary Bozza, petitioner, v. United States. Petition for
writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of Appeals for the Third Cir-
cuit granted and case transferred to the summary docket.
No. 265. Frank A. Cardillo, Deputy Commissioner, United States
Employees' Compensation Commission, petitioner, v. Liberty Mutual
Insurance Company et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
United States Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia granted
and case transferred to the summary docket.
No. 367. John Myers, petitioner, v. Reading Company. Petition
for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of Appeals for the Third
Circuit granted and case transferred to the summary docket.
No. 371. United States National Bank in Johnstown and First Na-
tional Bank of South Fork, petitioners, v. Chase National Bank of
the City of New York and Lester Larimer, Trustee. Petition for
writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of Appeals for the Third Cir-
cuit granted and case transferred to the summary docket.
No. 430. United States, petitioner, v. Ogilvie Hardware Company,
Inc. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of Appeals
for the Fifth Circuit granted and case transferred to the summary
docket.
No. 432. Aetna Casualty & Surety Company and J. A. Jones Con-
struction Company, petitioners, v. Mrs. Fannie M. Flowers. Peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of Appeals for the
Sixth Circuit granted and case transferred to the summary docket.
No. 94. United States, petitioner, v. N. Y. Rayon Importing Co.,
Inc. (#2), and Alfred L. Rose, et al.; and
No. 96. N. Y. Rayon Importing Co., Inc. (#2), and Alfred L.
Rose, Norman S. Goetz, et al., petitioners, v. United States. The peti-
tions for writs of certiorari to the Court of Claims are granted and
the cases are transferred to the summary docket and assigned for
argument immediately following No. 106.
No. 206. Eugene Koster, petitioner, v. (American) Lumbermen's
Mutual Casualty Company. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
Circuit Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit granted and case
transferred to the summary docket and assigned for argument imme-
diately following No. 93.

MONDAY, OCTOBER 14, 1946
12
No. 207. Emory S. Land (Chairman, United States Maritime
Commission), Howard L. Vickery (Vice Chairman, United States
Maritime Commission), et. al., petitioners, v. R. Stanley Dollar, Dol-
lar Steamship Line, et al. On consideration of the motions to substi-
tute filed by the Solicitor General, it is ordered that Richard Park-
hurst be substituted as a party petitioner in the place and stead of
Howard L. Vickery, deceased, and that W. W. Smith and Grenville
Mellen be added as parties petitioner. Further consideration of the
question of eliminating Emory S. Land and Edward Macauley as
parties petitioner is postponed to the hearing of the case on the merits.
The petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Ap-
peals for the District of Columbia is granted. Mr. Justice Black took
no part in the consideration or decision of these applications.
No. 264. Teodoro Cantos, Also Known as Teodoro Tatishi, peti-
tioner, v. Lieutenant General Wilhelm D. Styer, Commanding Gen-
eral, United States Army Forces. Petition for writ of certiorari to
the Supreme Court of the Philippines is granted and the case assigned.
for argument immediately following No. 145.
No. 287. J. Robert Bazley, petitioner, v. Commissioner of Internal
Revenue. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of Ap-
peals for the Third Circuit granted and the case assigned for argu-
ment immediately following No. 209.
No. 400. Northern Pacific Railway Company, petitioner, v. United
States. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of Ap-
peals for the Seventh Circuit granted and case is transferred to the
summary docket and assigned for argument immediately following
No. 57.
No. 184. A. N. Cone, petitioner, v. West Virginia Pulp and Paper
Co. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of Appeals
for the Fourth Circuit granted limited to the questions of federal
procedure raised by the petition for the writ.
No. 99. R. H. Crowley, petitioner, v. United States. Petition for
writ of certiorari to the Court of Claims denied.
No. 100. Silas Mason Company, Inc., Walsh Construction Com-
pany, Atkinson-Kier Company, petitioners, v. United States. Peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the Court of Claims denied.
No. 104. Kirby Lumber Company, petitioner, v. Denman Kountze
et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of Appeals
for the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 107. B. C. D. Bynum, Individually, etc., petitioner, v. Phillips
Petroleum Company. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit
Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit denied.
705009-46- -3

MONDAY, OCTOBER 14, 1946
13
No. 108. Clarence J. Thompson, petitioner, v. The State of Georgia.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals of the State of
Georgia denied.
No. 109. Merchants and Manufacturers Association of Los An-
geles, petitioner, v. National Labor Relations Board. Petition for
writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit
denied.
No. 110. Charles M. Crowhurst et al., petitioners, v. Joseph Grasso.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of Appeals for the
Third Circuit denied.
No. 111. The State of Texas, petitioner, v. Antonio C. Chuoke et al.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of Appeals for the
Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 113. J. L. Lewellyn, petitioner, v. Joseph B. Fleming and
Aaron Colnon, Trustees of the Chicago, Rock Island & Pacific Railway
Company, et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court
of Appeals for the Tenth Circuit denied.
No. 116. Walton-Viking Company, petitioner, v. Walter Kidde &
Company, Inc. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of
Appeals for the Eighth Circuit denied.
No. 117. W. D. Witter and Joseph Willens, petitioners, v. G. J.
Nikolas et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of
Appeals for the Seventh Circuit denied.
No. 118. E. L. O'Neal, Administrator, petitioner, v. Union Produc-
ing Company. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court
of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 120. Benjamin Waite Blanchard, Jr., petitioner, v. Casper W.
Ooms, Commissioner of Patents. Petition for writ of certiorari to
the United States Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia
denied.
No. 121. Marie Cooper Dieckhaus, petitioner, v. Twentieth Cen-
tury-Fox Film Corporation. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
Circuit Court of Appeals for the Eighth Circuit denied.
No. 123. The People of the State of California, petitioner, v. Elmer
W. Edmondson. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Superior Court
in and for the County of Los Angeles, State of California, denied.
No. 125. George Brooks, Thomas Adametz, John Braen, et al.,
petitioners, v. United States ex rel. David Bayarsky. Petition for
writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of Appeals for the Third Circuit
denied.
No. 126. William H. Reid, petitioner, v. Sandy Lynn Nelson, an
Infant, by Edna Nelson, Her Next Friend, et al. Petition for writ of
certiorari to the Circuit Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit denied.

MONDAY, OCTOBER 14, 1946
14
No. 127. The Seven Up Company, petitioner, v. Cheer Up Sales
Company of St. Louis, Missouri, et al. Petition for writ of certiorari
to the Circuit Court of Appeals for the Eighth Circuit denied.
No. 128. Liberty Mutual Insurance Company and Contractors
Pacific Naval Air Bases, an Association, petitioners, v. Warren H.
Pillsbury, Deputy Commissioner of the United States Employees'
Compensation Commission for the 13th Compensation District and
Walter L. Wood. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court
of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit denied.
No. 133. John H. Chatz, Trustee in Bankruptcy of Hoaglund &
Allum Co., Inc., petitioner, v. Midco Oil Corporation. Petition for
writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of Appeals for the Seventh Cir-
cuit denied.
No. 135. The Continental Bank & Trust Company of New York,
as Trustee, Under an Indenture of Trust Dated December 8, 1932,
petitioner, v. Dora Winter. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Cir-
cuit Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit denied.
No. 136. H. Gates Lloyd, petitioner, v. Commissioner of Internal
Revenue. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of Ap-
peals for the Third Circuit denied.
No. 137. Third National Bank in Nashville, petitioner, v. Federal
Savings and Loan Insurance Corporation; and
No. 138. Third National Bank in Nashville, petitioner, v. Federal
Deposit Company of Maryland. Petition for writs of certiorari to the
Circuit Court of Appeals for the Sixth Circuit denied.
No. 143. San Geronimo Development Company, Inc., petitioner, v.
United States. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court
of Appeals for the First Circuit denied.
No. 144. Helen C. Calvert, petitioner, v. Charles Henry Smith et al.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Appeals of
the Commonwealth of Virginia denied.
No. 146. Zeola Martin Rimbow et al., Doing Business in the Firm
Name of Huckaby Funeral Service, petitioners, v. Rose Esther Rim-
bow et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Civil Appeals,
1st Supreme Judicial District, State of Texas, denied.
No. 152. Robert W. Barnes, petitioner, v. The People of the State
of New York. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals
of the State of New York denied.
No. 156. E. M. George-Howard and Wooddy Swearingen, peti-
tioners, v. Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation. Petition for writ
of certiorari to the Circuit Court of Appeals for the Eighth Circuit
denied.

MONDAY, OCTOBER 14, 1946
15
No. 157. William Archibald Hedrick, petitioner, v. Commissioner
of Internal Revenue. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit
Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit denied.
No. 158. J. E. Haddock, Limited, and United Pacific Insurance
Company, petitioners, v. Warren H. Pillsbury, Deputy Commissioner,
and Hugh A. Voris, Assistant Deputy Commissioner, of the United
States Employees' Compensation Commission for the 13th Compensa-
tion District, and Adela F. Much. Petition for writ of certiorari to
the Circuit Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit denied.
No. 161. Crawford & Doherty Foundry Company, petitioner, v.
Paul A. Porter, Administrator of the Office of Price Administration.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of Appeals for the
Ninth Circuit denied.
No. 162. H. Moffat Company, petitioner, v. Southern Pacific Com-
pany; and
No. 163. Union Sheep Company, petitioner, v. Southern Pacific
Company. Petition for writs of certiorari to the Circuit Court of
Appeals for the Ninth Circuit denied.
No. 165. George W. Peeler, petitioner, v. Mrs. Essie Cook Caver
Peeler. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Missis-
sippi denied.
No. 166. Anthony Volkringer, Also Known as Tony E. Volkringer,
petitioner, v. United States. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
Circuit Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit denied.
No. 177. Joseph Alfano, petitioner, v. United States. Petition
for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of Appeals for the Third
Circuit denied.
No. 185. Anchor Serum Company, a Corporation of Missouri, peti-
tioner, v. American Cooperative Serum Association, a Corporation of
Iowa; and
No. 186. Illinois Farm Bureau Serum Association, a Corporation
of Illinois, petitioner, v. American Cooperative Serum Association, a
Corporation of Iowa. Petition for writs of certiorari to the Circuit.
Court of Appeals for the Seventh Circuit denied.
No. 187. Realty Operators, Inc., petitioner, v. Commissioner of
Internal Revenue;
No. 188. William Henderson (Partnership), petitioner, v. Com-
missioner of Internal Revenue; and
No. 189. Laurence M. Williams, as Liquidator of Sterling Sugars,
Inc., Formerly a Louisiana Corporation, and Sterling Sugar Sales
Corp., petitioners, v. Commissioner of Internal Revenue. Petitions.
for writs of certiorari to the Circuit Court of Appeals for the Fifth
Circuit denied.

MONDAY, OCTOBER 14, 1946
16
No. 217. Mishawaka Rubber and Woolen Manufacturing Com-
pany, petitioner, v. Panther-Panco Rubber Co., Inc. Petition for
writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of Appeals for the First Circuit
denied.
No. 219. Lindsay Powell, petitioner, v. United States. Petition
for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of Appeals for the Seventh
Circuit denied.
No. 221. Clarence Goin, petitioner, v. United States. Petition for
writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of Appeals for the Seventh
Circuit denied.
No. 224. J. K. Dunscombe, petitioner, v. Scott W. Loftin and John
W. Martin, as Trustees of Florida East Coast Railway Co., Debtor.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of Appeals for
the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 226. William A. Dyer, Lulu Lynch, Administratrix of the
Estate of Everett Dyer, Deceased, et al., petitioners, v. United States.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the District of Columbia denied.
No. 228. Troy Laundry Company and F. R. Miller, Vice President
of Troy Laundry Company, petitioners, v. W. Willard Wirtz, Chair-
man of the National Wage Stabilization Board. Petition for writ of
certiorari to the Circuit Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit denied.
No. 230. Edwin Charles Beauchamp, petitioner, v. United States.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of Appeals for the
Sixth Circuit denied.
No. 236. Henry M. Ladrey and Eva W. Ladrey, petitioners, v.
United States. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia denied.
No. 239. Joseph Meltzer and Bertha Meltzer, petitioners, v. Com-
missioner of Internal Revenue. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
Circuit Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit denied.
No. 243. Julius Wolpe, et al., petitioners, v. Harry Poretsky et al.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the District of Columbia denied.
No. 244. Dewey Schmoll, Successor Assignee for Benefit of Credi-
tors, etc., and National Surety Corporation, petitioners, v. United
States. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Claims denied.
No. 245. Roy G. Fitzgerald, petitioner, v. Commissioner of Inter-
nal Revenue. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of
Appeals for the Sixth Circuit denied.
No 262. May Department Stores Company, Doing Business as
Famous-Barr Company, petitioner, v. National Labor Relations

MONDAY, OCTOBER 14, 1946
17
Board. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of Appeals
for the Eighth Circuit denied.
No. 267. The Bank of California National Association, Executor
of the Estate of Margaret Eyre Girvin, Deceased, petitioner, v. Com-
missioner of Internal Revenue. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
Circuit Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit denied.
No. 268. O. William Lowry, petitioner, v. Commissioner of Inter-
nal Revenue. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of
Appeals for the Sixth Circuit denied.
No. 269. Henry A. Gardner, Trustee of the Alton Railroad Com-
pany, petitioner, v. Florence Griswold, Administratrix of the Estate
of Loyal S. Griswold, Deceased. Petition for writ of certiorari to
the Circuit Court of Appeals for the Seventh Circuit denied.
No. 279. Abraham Kirschenbaum, petitioner, v. Commissioner of
Internal Revenue; and
No. 280. Harry Banner, petitioner, v. Commissioner of Internal
Revenue. Petition for writs of certiorari to the Circuit Court of
Appeals for the Second Circuit denied.
No. 285. David E. Cool, petitioner, v. International Shoe Com-
pany. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of Appeals
for the Eighth Circuit denied.
No. 290. Sigismund Francis Swaczyk, petitioner, v. United States.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of Appeals for the
First Circuit denied. <
No. 292. The Union Metal Manufacturing Company et al., peti-
tioners, v. Casper W. Ooms, Commissioner of Patents. Petition for
writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the Dis-
trict of Columbia denied.
No. 298. James A. Byerly, petitioner, v. Commissioner of Internal
Revenue. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of
Appeals for the Sixth Circuit denied.
No. 306. J. Wilson Turner, Washington Highlands Construction
Company, et al., petitioners, v. Marie McC. Deming, John R. Shields
and Harvey L. Cobb. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United
States Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia denied.
No. 307. Pare Lorentz, petitioner, v. R. K. O. Radio Pictures, Inc.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of Appeals for
the Ninth Circuit denied.
No. 309. Asa Ray French and Glenda Beatrice French, petitioners,
v. Donald Lindley French, a Minor, by Mildred B. French, His Mother
and Next Friend. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court
of Kansas denied.

MONDAY, OCTOBER 14, 1946
18
No. 317. Estate of Joseph F. De Castro, Deceased, Kings County
Trust Company, Executor, petitioner, v. Commissioner of Internal
Revenue. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of Ap-
peals for the Second Circuit denied.
No. 321. John H. Chatz, Trustee in Bankruptcy of Howard Haber-
man, Doing Business as The Club Store, et al., petitioners, v. Armour
Plant Employees Credit Union; and
No. 322. John H. Chatz, Trustee in Bankruptcy of Howard Haber-
man, Doing Business as The Club Store, et al., petitioners, v. Andrew
A. Todd et al. Petition for writs of certiorari to the Circuit Court of
Appeals for the Seventh Circuit denied.
No. 324. Estate of Frank A. Vanderlip, Deceased, et al., etc., peti-
tioners, v. Commissioner of Internal Revenue. Petition for writ of
certiorari to the Circuit Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit
denied.
No. 325. A. P. Hudson and H. Isaiah Smith, Special Receivers of
Fidelity Assurance Association, etc., petitioners, v. L. H. Brooks,
Trustee, Elbridge W. Palmer and R. L. Maloney. Petition for writ
of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Tennessee denied.
No. 328. Samuel M. Coombs, Jr., Trustee in Bankruptcy of Spier
Aircraft Corporation, Bankrupt, petitioner, v. City of Jersey City.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of Appeals for the
Third Circuit denied.
No. 330. Crossett Western Company, petitioner, v. Commissioner
of Internal Revenue. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit
Court of Appeals for the Third Circuit denied.
No. 331. J. A. Hagan, Individually, and Doing Business as El Rey
Cheese Co., et al., petitioners, v. Paul A. Porter, Administrator, Office
of Price Administration. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Cir-
cuit Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit denied.
No. 339. F. C. Moser, petitioner, v. New York Life Insurance Com-
pany. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of Appeals
for the Ninth Circuit denied.
No. 341. Sharp & Fellows Contracting Company, petitioner, v.
F. P. Basler. Petition for writ of certiorari to the District Court of
Appeal, 4th Appellate District, State of California, denied.
No. 342. Daniel Birmeli Dingman, petitioner, v. United States.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of Appeals for the
Ninth Circuit denied.
No. 346. Silesian American Corporation, Debtor, and Silesian
Holding Company, petitioners, v. James E. Markham, Alien Prop-
erty Custodian. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court
of Appeals for the Second Circuit denied.

MONDAY, OCTOBER 14, 1946
19
No. 347. Phillips Petroleum Company, petitioner, v. Clay Johnson.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of Appeals for the
Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 358. Suncook Valley Railroad, petitioner, v. Boston and Maine
Railroad. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of
New Hampshire denied.
No. 359. Philadelphia Company, petitioner, v. Jules Guggenheim
et al.;
No. 360. Philadelphia Company, petitioner, v. City of Pittsburgh;
No. 361. Philadelphia Company, petitioner, v. Horace F. Baker
and John A. Beattie, Protective Committee for Southern Traction
Company 50-Year First Mortgage, etc., Bonds;
No. 362. Monongahela Street Railway Company et al., petitioners,
v. Jules Guggenheim et al.;
No. 363. Monongahela Street Railway Company et al., petitioners,
v. City of Pittsburgh; and
No. 364. Monongahela Street Railway Company et al., petitioners,
v. Horace F. Baker and John A. Beattie, Protective Committee for
Southern Traction Company 50-Year First Mortgage, etc., Bonds.
Petitions for writs of certiorari to the Circuit Court of Appeals for
the Third Circuit denied.
No. 372. Emil H. Wasserberger, petitioner, v. Beatrice Altmayer
Rodney and Donald T. Mullane. Petition for writ of certiorari to
Surrogate's Court, New York County, State of New York, denied.
No. 373. Petit Anse Company, petitioner, v. Commissioner of In-
ternal Revenue. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court
of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 375. Armour and Company, petitioner, v. National Labor Re-
lations Board. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of
Appeals for the Tenth Circuit denied.
No. 386. Coy Thompson, petitioner, v. The People of the State of
Illinois. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of
Illinois denied.
No. 387. Ensley Bank and Trust Company, petitioner, v. United
States. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of Appeals
for the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 388. Margaret Bollinger and Charles W. Bollinger, petitioners,
v. Gotham Garage Company. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
Circuit Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit denied.
No. 394. The Trust Company of Chicago, Administrator of Estate
of Elizabeth Palmer Smith, Deceased, et al., etc., petitioners, v. City
of Chicago et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Appellate
Court, First District, State of Illinois, denied.

MONDAY, OCTOBER 14, 1946
20
No. 399. Mrs. George C. Wright and Virgil M. Guthrie, petitioners,
v. William P. Mitchell. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit
Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 401. The Brooklyn National Corporation, petitioner, v. Com-
missioner of Internal Revenue. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
Circuit Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit denied.
No. 402. William Henry Ledford, William Ramsey Brock, W. B.
Lint, et al., petitioners, v. United States. Petition for writ of cer-
tiorari to the Circuit Court of Appeals for the Sixth Circuit denied.
No. 403. Madge Christie, petitioner, v. George M. Cohan et al.,
Executors, and Kathleen Nolan Harris, Executrix, etc. Petition for
writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of Appeals for the Second.
Circuit denied.
No. 408. H. C. Orton, D. C. Wolf, J. B. Johnston, et al., etc., peti-
tioners, v. Group of Institutional Investors et al. Petition for writ
of certiorari to the Circuit Court of Appeals for the Seventh Circuit
denied.
No. 411. Harold Herman, petitioner, v. The People of the State of
New York, on Complaint of Michael Fitzgerald. Petition for writ
of certiorari to the Appellate Division, Supreme Court, First Judicial
Department, State of New York, denied.
No. 420. Nathan A. Dobbins, petitioner, v. United States. Peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for
the District of Columbia denied.
No. 421. Standard Oil Company of Louisiana, Southern Boiler
and Tank Works, Standard Supply and Hardware Company, et al.,
petitioners, v. Steam Sternwheel Towboat "Kongo" and Reconstruc-
tion Finance Corporation. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Cir-
cuit Court of Appeals for the Sixth Circuit denied.
No. 423. W. E. Hedger Transportation Corporation, petitioner, v.
Ira S. Bushey & Sons, Inc. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
Circuit Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit denied.
No. 426. Western Airlines, Inc., petitioner, v. Hilda Ogden Bratt,
Barbara Ann Bratt, a Minor, By Her Guardian Ad Litem, Hilda
Ogden Bratt, et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court
of Appeals for the Tenth Circuit denied.
No. 428. Commissioner of Internal Revenue, petitioner, v. J. M.
Beck, Mae Ward Byerly, and George Carruthers, Trustees, J. A.
Byerly Trust. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of
Appeals for the Sixth Circuit denied.
No. 441. George W. Benz, Jose B. Calva, and Calva Fur Patents
Corporation, petitioners, v. Celeste Fur Dyeing and Dressing Cor-
705009-46-4

MONDAY, OCTOBER 14, 1946
21
poration et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of
Appeals for the Second Circuit denied.
No. 444. Edward V. Dunphy and Annabelle E. Dunphy, peti-
tioners, v. George N. Graham, Judge, Court of Common Pleas, Stark
County, Ohio, et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme
Court of Ohio, denied.
No. 115. Esther Crystal Pickett, Otherwise Known as E. C. Pickett,
petitioner, v. Chester Bowles, Administrator, Office of Price
Administration. The motion to substitute Paul A. Porter, present
Administrator, Office of Price Administration, in the place and stead
of Chester Bowles is granted. The petition for writ of certiorari
to the Circuit Court of Appeals for the Tenth Circuit is denied.
No. 237. C. B. Wood, petitioner, v. Chester Bowles, Administra-
tor, Office of Price Administration. The motion to substitute Paul A.
Porter, present Administrator, Office of Price Administration, in the
place and stead of Chester Bowles is granted. The petition for writ
of certiorari to the Circuit Court of Appeals for the Sixth Circuit is
denied.
No. 319. Mannie & Co., a Corporation, et al., petitioners, v. Chester
A. Bowles, Administrator, Office of Price Administration, For and
On Behalf of the United States. The motion to substitute Paul A.
Porter, present Administrator, Office of Price Administration, in the
place and stead of Chester Bowles is granted. The petition for writ
of certiorari to the Circuit Court of Appeals for the Seventh Circuit
is denied.
No. 129. Columbia Gas & Electric Corporation, petitioner, v.
United States et al.;
No. 130. Columbia Gas & Electric Corporation, petitioner, v.
United States et al.; and
No. 131. Columbia Gas & Electric Corporation, petitioner, v.
United States et al. Petition for writs of certiorari to the Circuit
Court of Appeals for the Sixth Circuit denied. The Chief Justice,
Mr. Justice Douglas, and Mr. Justice Jackson took no part in the
consideration or decision of this application.
No. 147. Earl C. Gibbs, Inc., petitioner, v. Defense Supplies Cor-
poration and Reconstruction Finance Corporation. Petition for writ
of certiorari to the United States Emergency Court of Appeals
denied. The Chief Justice took no part in the consideration or deci-
sion of this application.
No. 154. Atlantic Meat Company, Inc., petitioner, v. The Recon-
struction Finance Corporation. Petition for writ of certiorari to
the United States Emergency Court of Appeals denied. The Chief
Justice took no part in the consideration or decision of this application.

MONDAY, OCTOBER 14, 1946
22
No. 232. Robert B. Blalack, petitioner v. United States. Petition
for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of Appeals for the Sixth
Circuit denied. The Chief Justice took no part in the consideration
or decision of this application.
No. 231. Arkansas Natural Gas Corporation, petitioner, v. Secu-
rities and Exchange Commission. Petition for writ of certiorari to
the Circuit Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit denied. Mr. Jus-
tice Douglas took no part in the consideration or decision of this
application.
No. 272. Milner Hotels, Inc., Owner and Operator of Tyler Hotel,
petitioner, v. Paul A. Porter, Price Administrator, etc.; and
No. 273. 101 East First Street Incorporated, Owner and Operator
of Milner Hotel, petitioner v. Paul A. Porter, Price Administrator,
etc. Petition for writs of certiorari to the Circuit Court of Appeals
for the Sixth Circuit denied. Mr. Justice Douglas took no part in
the consideration or decision of these applications.
No. 422. Nanny Wood Honeyman, Executrix of the Estate of David
T. Honeyman, Deceased, etc., et al., petitioners v. Matt S. Hughes,
Trustee in Bankruptcy of Honeyman Hardware Co. Petition for
writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of Appeals for the Ninth Cir-
cuit denied. Mr. Justice Douglas took no part in the consideration or
decision of this application.
No. 160. Howard University, a Corporation, petitioner, v. District
of Columbia. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia denied. Mr. Justice
Murphy is of the opinion that the petition should be granted.
No. 183. Ralph Henry Cahoon, Jr., petitioner, v. United States.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of Appeals for the
Fifth Circuit denied. Mr. Justice Murphy is of the opinion that the
petition should be granted.
No. 323. Joe W. Buice, petitioner, v. Colonel Howard S. Patterson
et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of Appeals
for the First Circuit denied. Mr. Justice Murphy and Mr. Justice
Rutledge are of the opinion that the petition should be granted.
No. 176. Bernard M. Shotkin, petitioner, v. Judges, Superior
Court, Atlanta Circuit. On petition for writ of certiorari to the Su-
preme Court of Georgia;
No. 178. Paysoff Tinkoff, petitioner, v. United States. On peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of Appeals for the
Seventh Circuit:
No. 247. Theodore Bentz, petitioner, v. The People of the State of
Michigan. On petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of
Michigan;

MONDAY, OCTOBER 14, 1946
23
No. 271. Ysabel Bibby V D A DePadilla, Executrix of the Estate
of Narciso A. Padilla, Deceased, petitioner, v. Concepcion Paterno
V DA DePadilla. On petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme
Court of the Philippines; and
No. 274. Paysoff Tinkoff, petitioner, v. West Publishing Company
et al. On petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of Ap-
peals for the Seventh Circuit. The motions to dispense with the
printing of the records in these cases are granted. The petitions for
writs of certiorari are denied.
No. 289. Dan S. Martin, Jr., petitioner, v. Esther R. Wagner, as
Executrix of the Estate of Zoe R. Martin, Deceased, et al. On peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Alabama; and
No. 378. Roy Grant, Jr., Doing Business as No Sleet Windshield
Heater Company, petitioner, v. General Motors Corporation et al. On
petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of Appeals for the
Seventh Circuit. On consideration of the suggestions of a diminu-
tion of the records and motions for writs of certiorari in that relation,
the motions for certiorari are denied. The petitions for writs of
certiorari are also denied.
No. 297. Russell Box Company, petitioner, v. Grant Paper Box
Company. The motion of Ensign Bickford Company for leave to
file brief as amicus curiae is granted. The petition for writ of certio-
rari to the Circuit Court of Appeals for the First Circuit is denied.
No. 301. Marcelino Garcia and Victor Alvarez, as Executors, etc.,
of Manuel Diaz, Deceased, et al., petitioners, v. Pan American Air-
ways, Inc., and R. O. D. Sullivan. The petition for writ of certiorari
to the Court of Appeals of New York is denied for the want of a final
judgment.
No. 266. William B. Doak, petitioner, v. Federal Land Bank of
Baltimore. The motion to dispense with the printing of the papers
is granted. The petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of
Appeals for the Fourth Circuit is denied.
No. 101. Earle Cowen, petitioner, v. Robert A. Heinze, Warden,
etc. On petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of
California;
No. 112. B. T. Waller, petitioner, v. Northern Pacific Terminal
Company of Oregon. On petition for writ of certiorari to the Su-
preme Court of Oregon;
No. 122. Guss Brown, petitioner, v. Joseph E. Ragen, Warden, etc.
On petition for writ of certiorari to the Criminal Court of Cook
County, State of Illinois;
No. 132. United States ex rel. Angelo Russo, petitioner, v. Walter
Nierstheimer, Warden, etc. On petition for writ of certiorari to the
Circuit Court of Appeals for the Seventh Circuit;

MONDAY, OCTOBER 14, 1946
24
No. 134. Antonelli Fireworks Co., Inc., Amerigo Antonelli et al.,
petitioners, v. United States. On petition for writ of certiorari to the
Circuit Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit;
No. 139. Charles Elliott Wright, petitioner, v. Anna Lohr, Ad-
ministratrix of the Estate of Frank Wilson, Deceased. On petition
for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of Appeals for the Third
Circuit;
No. 153. Alfred Lloyd Saunders, petitioner, v. United States. On
petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of Appeals for the
Ninth Circuit;
No. 167. United States ex rel. Elmer Davis, petitioner, v. Joseph
E. Ragen, Warden, etc. On petition for writ of certiorari to the
Circuit Court of Appeals for the Seventh Circuit;
No. 168. George Ross Wagner, petitioner, v. Joseph E. Ragen,
Warden, etc. On petition for writ of certiorari to the Criminal
Court of Cook County, State of Illinois;
No. 169. John Staryak, petitioner, v. Joseph E. Ragen, Warden,
etc. On petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court, Macoupin
County, State of Illinois;
No. 170. John Staryak, petitioner, v. Joseph E. Ragen, Warden,
etc. On petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of Will
County, State of Illinois; and
No. 171. John Staryak, petitioner, v. Joseph E. Ragen, Warden,
etc. On petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of
Illinois;
No. 172. Eddie Duncan, petitioner, v. Joseph E. Ragen, Warden,
etc. On petition for writ of certiorari to the Criminal Court of
Cook County, State of Illinois;
No. 173. Robert George Banks, petitioner, v. Joseph E. Ragen,
Warden, etc. On petition for writ of certiorari to the Criminal Court
of Cook County, State of Illinois;
No. 174. Anthony Wilkie, petitioner, v. Joseph E. Ragen, Warden,
etc. On petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of Winne-
bago County, State of Illinois;
No. 175. John Pitts, petitioner, v. Joseph E. Ragen, Warden, etc.
On petition for writ of certiorari to the Criminal Court of Cook
County, State of Illinois;
No. 179. Paul Jenkot, petitioner, v. Joseph E. Ragen, Warden, etc.
On petition for writ of certiorari to the Criminal Court of Cook
County, State of Illinois;
No. 181. John Fedora and John Laska, petitioners, v. The People
of the State of Illinois. On petition for writ of certiorari to the Su-
preme Court of Illinois;

MONDAY, OCTOBER 14, 1946
25
No. 191. David Marr, petitioner, v. Joseph E. Ragen, Warden, etc.
On petition for writ of certiorari to the Criminal Court of Cook
County, State of Illinois;
No. 192. Walter Kimler, petitioner, v. Joseph E. Ragen, Warden,
etc. On petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of Will
County, State of Illinois;
No. 193. Lester A. Samman, petitioner, v. Joseph E. Ragen,
Warden, etc. On petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court
of Knox County, State of Illinois;
No. 194. Harold A. Witt, petitioner, v. Joseph E. Ragen, Warden,
etc. On petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of
Illinois; and
No. 195. Harold A. Witt, petitioner, v. Joseph E. Ragen, Warden,
etc. On petition for writ of certiorari to the Criminal Court of Cook
County, State of Illinois;
No. 196. William Mills, petitioner, v. Joseph E. Ragen, Warden,
etc.; and
No. 197. Joseph John Evans, petitioner, v. Joseph E. Ragen,
Warden, etc. On petitions for writs of certiorari to the Criminal
Court of Cook County, State of Illinois;
No. 198. Eugene J. Wroblewski, petitioner, v. Joseph E. Ragen,
Warden, etc. On petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court
of Illinois;
No. 199. Peter Ristich, petitioner, v. Joseph E. Ragen, Warden,
etc. On petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of Will
County, State of Illinois;
No. 200. Peter Ristich, petitioner, v. Joseph E. Ragen, Warden,
etc. On petition for writ of certiorari to the Criminal Court of Cook
County, State of Illinois; and
No. 201. Peter Ristich, petitioner, v. Joseph E. Ragen, Warden,
etc. On petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of
Illinois;
No. 202. Santos Baronia, petitioner, v. Joseph E. Ragen, Warden,
etc. On petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of
Illinois; and
No. 203. Santos Baronia, petitioner, v. Joseph E. Ragen, Warden,
etc. On petition for writ of certiorari to the Criminal Court of Cook
County, State of Illinois;
No. 204. Joseph Gracros, petitioner, v. Joseph E. Ragen, Warden,
etc. On petition for writ of certiorari to the Criminal Court of Cook
County, State of Illinois;
No. 205. Joseph F. De Viera, petitioner, v. Walter Nierstheimer,
Warden, etc. On petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court
of Sangamon County, State of Illinois;

1
MONDAY, OCTOBER 14, 1946
26
No. 213. John J. Kern, petitioner, v. Joseph E. Ragen, Warden,
etc. On petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of Will
County, State of Illinois;
No. 214. Roman Piskorz, petitioner, v. Joseph E. Ragen, Warden,
On petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of Appeals
for the Seventh Circuit;
etc.
No. 215. Ernest Martin, petitioner, v. Joseph E. Ragen, Warden,
etc.
On petition for writ of certiorari to the Criminal Court of Cook
County, State of Illinois;
No. 216. Royal Provost, petitioner, v. Joseph E. Ragen, Warden,
etc. On petition for writ of certiorari to the Criminal Court of Cook
County, State of Illinois;
No. 218. Frederic F. Wolter, petitioner, v. Safeway Stores, Inc.
On petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Ap-
peals for the District of Columbia;
No. 222. Walter Evenow, petitioner, v. Joseph E. Ragen, Warden,
etc. On petition for writ of certiorari to the Criminal Court of Cook
County, State of Illinois;
No. 223. Arthur W. Miller, petitioner, v. The People of the State
of New York. On petition for writ of certiorari to the County Court
of Onondaga County, State of New York;
No. 227. Thomas Jefferson Whitehead, petitioner, v. United States.
On petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of Appeals for
the Sixth Circuit;
No. 233. Custer M. Coyle, petitioner, v. The People of the State of
California et al. On petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme
Court of California;
No. 234. John Dwyer, petitioner, v. Joseph E. Ragen, Warden, etc.
On petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of Jefferson
County, State of Illinois;
No. 238. Harry Covington, petitioner, v. Joseph E. Ragen, War-
den, etc. On petition for writ of certiorari to the Criminal Court of
Cook County, State of Illinois;
No. 240. Joseph Ramos, petitioner, v. People of the State of New
York. On petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of General Ses-
sions, New York County, State of New York;
No. 242. William Kobley, petitioner, v. Joseph E. Ragen, Warden,
etc. On petition for writ of certiorari to the Criminal Court of Cook
County, State of Illinois;
No. 248. Edward Morris, petitioner, v. Joseph E. Ragen, Warden,
etc. On petition for writ of certiorari to the Criminal Court of Cook
County, State of Illinois;
No. 249. Alonzo Pridgen, petitioner, v. Joseph E. Ragen, Warden,
etc. On petition for writ of certiorari to the Criminal Court of Cook
County, State of Illinois;

MONDAY, OCTOBER 14, 1946
27
No. 250 Alonzo Pridgen, petitioner, v. Joseph E. Kagen, Warden,
On petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of Will
County, State of Illinois; and
TUC.
No. 251. Alonzo Pridgen, petitioner, v. Joseph E. Ragen, Warden,
etc. On petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of
Illinois;
No. 257. James Reno, petitioner, v. Joseph E. Ragen, Warden, etc.;
No. 259. Harold McMartin, petitioner, v. Joseph E. Ragen,
Warden, etc.; and
No. 260. Harry Minor, petitioner, v. Joseph E. Ragen, Warden,
etc. On petitions for writs of certiorari to the Criminal Court of
Cook County, State of Illinois;
No. 261. Arthur Robinson, petitioner, v. Joseph E. Ragen, Warden,
etc.
On petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of
Illinois;
No. 263. Joel O. Randall, petitioner, v. The State of Georgia. On
petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals of Georgia;
No. 278. Ralph Barton Butz, petitioner, v. Earle Benjamin Searcy,
Clerk of the Supreme Court of Illinois. On petition for writ of
certiorari to the Supreme Court of Illinois;
No. 281. Ladell McKay, petitioner, v. State of Nevada and Richard
Sheehy, Warden of State Prison. On petition for writ of certiorari
to the Supreme Court of Nevada;
No. 282. Clarence C. Mason, petitioner, v. State of New York. On
petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of General Sessions, County
of New York, State of New York;
No. 283. Sterling Ferguson, petitioner, v. Joseph E. Ragen,
Warden, etc. On petition for writ of certiorari to the Criminal Court
of Cook County, State of Illinois;
No. 284. Abe Miller, petitioner, v. State of Kansas. On petition
for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Kansas;
No. 286. Albert Hickman, petitioner, v. Joseph E. Ragen, Warden,
On petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of Will
County, State of Illinois;
etc.
No. 293. Raymond Ater, petitioner, v. Joseph E. Ragen, Warden,
etc. On petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of Warren
County, State of Illinois;
No. 294. Willie Lane, petitioner, v. Joseph E. Ragen, Warden, etc.
On petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Illinois;
No. 295. Louis J. Biancone, petitioner, v. C. J. Burke, Warden, etc. .
On petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of the Com-
monwealth of Pennsylvania;
No. 299. Frank Palumbo, petitioner, v. J. Vernel Jackson, Warden,
On petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals of
New York;
etc.

MONDAY, OCTOBER 14, 1946
28
On
No. 300. Lillian B. Everett, petitioner, v. Wallis W. Downing.
petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals of Kentucky;
No. 302. Charles A. Anderson, petitioner, v. Joseph E. Ragen,
Warden, etc. On petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court
of Will County, State of Illinois;
No. 303. Theodore Scudieri, petitioner, v. Joseph E. Ragen,
Warden, etc.; and
No. 304. Sam Lott, petitioner, v. Joseph E. Ragen, Warden, etc.
On petitions for writs of certiorari to the Criminal Court of Cook
County, State of Illinois;
No. 305. Roy Judd, petitioner, v. Joseph E. Ragen, Warden, etc.
On petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of Will County,
State of Illinois;
No. 308. John Stub, petitioner, v. United States. On petition for
writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Claims;
No. 310. Michael Connellan, petitioner, v. The People of the State
of New York. On petition for writ of certiorari to the County Court
of Westchester County, State of New York;
No. 313. Roman J. Marcinkowski, petitioner, v. The People of the
State of New York. On petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme
Court of New York;
No. 314. Walter Smith, petitioner, v. Joseph E. Ragen, Warden,
etc. On petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of Will
County, State of Illinois;
etc.
No. 315. Roosevelt Adams, petitioner, v. Joseph E. Ragen, Warden,
On petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of
Illinois;
No. 326. George Woods, petitioner, v. Joseph E. Ragen, Warden,
etc.; and
No. 327. Henry Davis, petitioner, v. Joseph E. Ragen, Warden,
etc. On petitions for writs of certiorari to the Criminal Court of
Cook County, State of Illinois;
No. 329. John Flood, petitioner, v. The People of the State of New
York. On petition for writ of certiorari to the County Court of
Westchester County, State of New York;,
No. 332. Robert Coleman, petitioner, v. Joseph E. Ragen, Warden,
etc.; and
etc.
No. 333. George Wilson, petitioner, v. Joseph E. Ragen, Warden,
On petitions for writs of certiorari to the Criminal Court of
Cook County, State of Illinois;
No. 337. John J. Piotrowski, petitioner, v. The People of the State
of New York. On petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court
of Erie County, State of New York;
705009-46- -5

MONDAY, OCTOBER 14, 1946
29
No. 348. Truitt E. Sexton, petitioner, v. Walter Nierstheimer,
Warden, etc. On petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court
of Randolph County, State of Illinois;
No. 349. Thomas King, petitioner, v. Joseph E. Ragen, Warden,
etc.;
No. 350. Jack William Shaffer, petitioner, v. Joseph E. Ragen,
Warden, etc.; and
No. 351. George Alexander, petitioner, v. Joseph E. Ragen,
Warden, etc., et al. On petitions for writs of certiorari to the Crim-
inal Court of Cook County, State of Illinois;
No. 352. Cyrenean Noeth, petitioner, v. Joseph E. Ragen, Warden,
etc., on petition for writ of certiorari to the Criminal Court of Cook
County, State of Illinois;
No. 353. Cyrenean Noeth, petitioner, v. Joseph E. Ragen, Warden,
etc. On petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of Will
County, State of Illinois; and
No. 354. Cyrenean Noeth, petitioner, v. Joseph E. Ragen, Warden,
etc. On petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of
Illinois;
No. 357. James Dewey Hipp, petitioner, v. United States. On pe-
tition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of Appeals for the
Fifth Circuit;
No. 365. Fred Curry, petitioner, v. Joseph E. Ragen, Warden, etc.;
and
No. 366. John Stoker, petitioner, v. Joseph E. Ragen, Warden, etc.
On petitions for writs of certiorari to the Criminal Court of Cook
County, State of Illinois;
No. 370. Frank Egan, petitioner, v. State of California. On peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the District Court of Appeal, 1st Appel-
late District, State of California;
No. 436. Frank Egan, petitioner, v. The People of the State of
California and Clinton T. Duffy, Warden, et al. On petition for
writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of California;
No. 379. Daniel Hesly, petitioner, v. Joseph E. Ragen, Warden,
etc. On petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of Will
County, State of Illinois;
No. 380. Daniel Hesly, petitioner, v. Joseph E. Ragen, Warden,
On petition for writ of certiorari to the Criminal Court of Cook
County, State of Illinois;
etc.
No. 381. Austin E. Hardwick, petitioner, v. Joseph E. Ragen,
Warden, etc. On petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court
of Scott County, State of Illinois;
No. 382. Lawrence Fog, petitioner, v. Joseph E. Ragen, Warden,
etc.; and

MONDAY, OCTOBER 14, 1946
30
No. 383. Andrew Johnson, petitioner, v. Joseph E. Ragen, Warden,
etc. On petitions for writs of certiorari to the Criminal Court of Cook
County, State of Illinois;
No. 390. Jack Lester Barnes, petitioner, v. State of Maryland.
On petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals of Maryland;
No. 395. Fred Eason, petitioner, v. Joseph E. Ragen, Warden, etc.;
and
No. 396. John Conway, petitioner, v. Joseph E. Ragen, Warden,
etc. On petitions for writs of certiorari to the Criminal Court of Cook
County, State of Illinois;
No. 398. George Wade, petitioner, v. The People of the State of
Illinois. On petition for writ of certiorari to the Circut Court of
Will County, State of Illinois;
No. 406. William Anderson, petitioner, v. Joseph E. Ragen,
Warden, etc.; and
No. 407. Will Davis, petitioner, v. Joseph E. Ragen, Warden, etc.
On petitions for writs of certiorari to the Criminal Court of Cook
County, State of Illinois;
No. 409. Leo Sanders, petitioner, v. Joseph E. Ragen, Warden, etc.
On petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of Will County,
State of Illinois;
No. 412. Louise Andrews, petitioner, v. A. C. Aderhold, Warden,
etc. On petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of
Georgia;
No. 413. Donald Moore, petitioner, v. Joseph E. Ragen, Warden,
etc.;
No. 414. Sam Mascio, petitioner, v. Joseph E. Ragen, Warden, etc.;
No. 416. Ernest Tait, petitioner, v. Joseph E. Ragen, Warden, etc.;
No. 434. Robert Coleman, petitioner, v. Joseph E. Ragen, Warden,
etc.;
No. 437. Mitchell Janowicz, petitioner, v. Joseph E. Ragen,
Warden, etc.;
No. 445. Lonnie Paynes, petitioner, v. Joseph E. Ragen, Warden,
etc.;
No. 446. Edward J. Kruse, petitioner, v. Joseph E. Ragen, Warden,
etc.; and
No. 459. United States ex rel. Eugene J. Wroblewski, petitioner, v.
Joseph E. Ragen, Warden, etc. On petitions for writs of certiorari to
the Criminal Court of Cook County, State of Illinois;
No. 460. Frank Hayes Ross, petitioner, v. Joseph E. Ragen,
Warden, etc. On petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court
of Marion County, State of Illinois;
No. 477. Eugene Crowley, petitioner, v. Joseph E. Ragen, Warden,
etc. On petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of
Illinois;

MONDAY, OCTOBER 14, 1946
31
No. 478. United States ex rel. Victor Von Scherer, petitioner, v.
Joseph E. Ragen, Warden, etc. On petition for writ of certiorari to
the Circuit Court of DeWitt County, State of Illinois;
No. 479. Harry F. Hill, petitioner, v. Robert H. Hudspeth,
Warden, etc. On petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court
of Kansas;
No. 480. Joseph Rios, petitioner, v. Joseph E. Ragen, Warden,
etc.; and
No. 481. George Furman, petitioner, v. State of Illinois and Jo-
seph E. Ragen, Warden, etc., et al. On petitions for writs of certi-
orari to the Criminal Court of Cook County, State of Illinois;
No. 495. Gerald P. Fleeger, petitioner, v. The People of Illlinois.
On petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of Will County,
State of Illinois;
No. 496. William M. Lee, petitioner, v. The Department of Public
Welfare and State Parole Board. On petition for writ of certiorari
to the Circuit Court of Appeals for the Seventh Circuit;
No. 499. People of the State of Illinois ex rel. Charles Hanson,
petitioner, v. Joseph E. Ragen, Warden, etc. On petition for writ
of certiorari to the Criminal Court of Cook County, State of Illinois;
No. 500. People of the State of Illinois ex rel. Lionel Shaffer, peti-
tioner, v. Joseph E. Ragen, Warden, etc., et al. On petition for writ
of certiorari to the Circuit Court of Kane County, State of Illinois;
No. 507. Roy Judd, petitioner, v. Joseph E. Ragen, Warden, etc.
On petition for writ of certiorari to the Criminal Court of Cook
County, State of Illinois;
No. 508. James Jones, petitioner, v. Joseph E. Ragen, Warden, etc.
On petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of Will County,
State of Illinois;
No. 509. John Ferris, petitioner, v. Joseph E. Ragen, Warden, etc.;
and
No. 510. Francis Haines, petitioner, v. Walter Nierstheimer,
Warden, etc. On petitions for writs of certiorari to the Criminal
Court of Cook County, State of Illinois. The motions for leave to
proceed in forma pauperis in these cases are granted. The petitions
for writs of certiorari are denied.
No. 225. Henry Long, petitioner, v. Gerald F. Bush, Acting
Warden, etc. On petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court
of Appeals for the Sixth Circuit. The motions for substitution and
deferment of consideration are denied. The motion for leave to pro-
ceed in forma pauperis is granted. The petition for writ of certiorari
is denied.
No. 127, Misc., October Term, 1945. Peter Resco, petitioner, v.
Joseph E. Ragen, Warden, etc.;

2:
MONDAY, OCTOBER 14, 1946
32
No. 122, October Term, 1945. Julius Fisher, petitioner, v. United
States;
No. 274, October Term, 1945. F. O. Robertson, appellant, v. The
People of the State of California;
No. 510, October Term, 1945. Paul Knauer, petitioner, v. United
States;
No. 719, October Term, 1945. W. Daniel Pinkerton and Walter G.
Pinkerton, petitioners, v. United States;
No. 732, October Term, 1945. Roy Alton Helwig, petitioner, v.
United States;
No. 744, October Term, 1945. Victor J. Evans, petitioner, v. United
States;
No. 754, October Term, 1945. W. P. Sewell and R. B. Sewell, peti-
tioners, v. Commissioner of Internal Revenue;
No. 790, October Term, 1945. Aetna Insurance Company, appellant,
v. Charles F. Hobbs, as Commissioner of Insurance of the State of
Kansas;
No. 791, October Term, 1945. American Indemnity Company, ap-
pellant, v. Charles F. Hobbs, as Commissioner of Insurance of the
State of Kansas;
No. 843, October Term, 1945. Securities and Exchange Commis-
sion, petitioner, v. W. J. Howey Company and Howey-in-the-Hills
Service, Inc.;
No. 987, October Term, 1945. John L. Wilson, petitioner, v. United
States;
No. 1055, October Term, 1945. S. P. Beecher, petitioner, v. Federal
Land Bank of Spokane et al.;
No. 1068, October Term, 1945. Meyer Eastman, alias "Meyer Esst-
man and Dave Marglous," petitioner, v. United States;
No. 1071, October Term, 1945. L. E. Carpenter and Margaret Car-
penter, petitioners, v. Title Insurance and Trust Company;
No. 1102, October Term, 1945. Robert Gould and Dowling Bros.
Distilling Company, petitioners, v. United States;
No. 1108, October Term, 1945. Lola Brooks, Administratrix of the
Estate of F. S. Brooks, Deceased, petitioner, v. St. Louis-San Fran-
cisco Railway Company, Debtor, et al.;
No. 1109, October Term, 1945. John E. Dikis, as Administrator of
the Estate of Robert E. Lee, Deceased, et al., petitioners, v. St. Louis-
San Francisco Railway Company, Debtor, et al.; and
No. 1110, October Term, 1945. St. Louis-San Francisco Railway
Company, Debtor, petitioner, v. The Chase National Bank of the City
of New York and John A. Aid, Trustee, et al.;
No. 1135, October Term, 1945. David Rubin, petitioner, v. The
State of New York;

MONDAY, OCTOBER 14, 1946
33
No. 1162, October Term, 1945. J. Vincent Murphy, petitioner, v.
Mary Murphy, Also Known as Mary Nicklas;
No. 1172, October Term, 1945. Guiseppe Bozzo Fu Lorenzo, as
Owner of the Steam Vessel "Antoinetta,” Her Engines, Boilers, etc..
petitioner, v. United States et al.;
No. 1173, October Term, 1945. A. T. Rosasco, as Owner of the
Steam Vessel "Santa Rosa," Her Engines, Boilers, etc., petitioner, v.
United States et al.;
No. 1174, October Term, 1945. Mariano Maresca and Company, as
Owner of the Steam Vessel "Mar Glauco," Her Engines, Boilers, etc.,
petitioner, v. United States et al.; and
No. 1175, October Term, 1945. "Italia"-Societa Anonima Di
Navigazione, as Owner of the Steam Vessel “Belvedere," Her En-
gines, Boilers, etc., petitioner, v. United States et al.;
No. 1176, October Term, 1945. Societa Anonima Cooperative Di
Navigazione Garibaldi, as Bailee of the Italian Vessel "Brennero,"
Her Engines, Boilers, etc., petitioner, v. United States et al.;
No. 1177, October Term, 1945. "Italia"-Societa Anonima Di
Navigazione, as Owner of the Italian Vessel "Alberta," Her Engines,
Boilers, etc., petitioner, v. United States et al.;
No. 1178, October Term, 1945. "Italia"-Societa Anonima Di
Navigazione, as Owner of the Italian Vessel "Aussa," Her Engines,
Boilers, etc., petitioner, v. United States et al.; and
No. 1179, October Term, 1945. "Italia"-Societa Anonima Di
Navigazione, as Owner of the Italian Vessel "Arsa," Her Engines,
Boilers, etc., petitioner, v. United States et al.;
No. 1223, October Term, 1945. Homer L. Loomis, petitioner, v.
United States and Leo J. Crowley, Alien Property Custodian of the
United States;
No. 1180, October Term, 1945. The E. C. Schroeder Company, In-
corporated, petitioner, v. M. L. Clifton, For Himself and as Agent
for E. M. Avery, et al.;
No. 1201, October Term, 1945. United States ex rel. Constantinos
Karpathiou, petitioner, v. Andrew Jordon, District Director of Im-
migration and Naturalization, Chicago District;
No. 1220, October Term, 1945. Randolph Phillips, et al., peti-
tioners, v. The Baltimore and Ohio Railroad Company;
No. 1230, October Term 1945. S. P. Beecher, petitioner, v. Federal
Land Bank of Spokane et al.;
No. 1233, October Term, 1945. The E. L. Essley Machinery Com-
pany, petitioner, v. The Delta Manufacturing Company;
No. 1241, October Term, 1945. The Kar Engineering Company,
Inc., petitioner, v. Brown & Sharpe Manufacturing Company and
James Neill & Co. (Sheffield), Limited;

MONDAY, OCTOBER 14, 1946
34
No. 1242, October Term, 1945. Joseph D. Medley, petitioner, v.
United States;
No. 1255, October Term, 1945. West Publishing Company, appel-
lant, v. Chas. J. McColgan, Franchise Tax Commissioner of the State
of California;
No. 1265, October Term, 1945. E. J. Roberts, petitioner, v. G. P.
Bowman, Superintendent, Virginia State Penitentiary Lime Plant,
Staunton, Virginia; and
No. 1266, October Term, 1945. George Small, petitioner, v. Blakely
R. Webster, Superintendent, Dannemora State Hospital, Dannemora,
New York. The petitions for rehearing in these cases are denied.
The Chief Justice and Mr. Justice Jackson took no part in the con-
sideration or decision of these applications.
No. 342, October Term, 1945. Steve Anderson, Earl Trombley, Lil-
lian Socia, et al., petitioners, v. Mt. Clemens Pottery Company. The
motions of New England Shipbuilding Corp. and Employers' Asso-
ciation of Detroit and Michigan Manufacturers' Association for leave
to file briefs as amicus curiae are granted. The petition for rehearing
is denied. The Chief Justice and Mr. Justice Jackson took no part in
the consideration or decision of these applications.
No. 880, October Term, 1945. Harry J. Alker, Jr., and Mamie Du
Ban, Individually and as Executrix of the Estate of Alfred A. Du Ban,
Deceased, petitioners, v. Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation. The
motion for leave to file a fourth petition for rehearing is denied. The
Chief Justice and Mr. Justice Jackson took no part in the considera-
tion or decision of this application.
No. 893, October Term, 1945. O. A. Shaver, petitioner, v. Fidelity
Bankers Trust Company, Successors Trustee Under the Last Will
of Daniel Briscoe, Deceased. The motion for leave to file a second
petition for rehearing is granted. The petition for rehearing is denied.
The Chief Justice and Mr. Justice Jackson took no part in the con-
sideration or decision of these applications.
No. 48, October Term, 1945. Universal Oil Products Company,
petitioner, v. Root Refining Company. Petition for rehearing denied.
The Chief Justice, Mr. Justice Murphy, and Mr. Justice Jackson took
no part in the consideration or decision of this application.
No. 511. The Cincinnati, Newport and Covington Railway Com-
pany, a Kentucky Corporation, petitioner, v. Ben J. Brumleve, Direc-
tor, Division of Motor Transportation of the Commonwealth of
Kentucky. On petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals
of Kentucky. Dismissed on motion of counsel for the petitioner.

MONDAY, OCTOBER 14, 1946
35
No. 3. Almira G. Freeman, as Successor, Trustee Under the Will
and of the Estate of Henry C. Starr, Deceased, appellant, v. Gilbert
K. Hewitt, Director of Gross Income Tax Division, Department of
Treasury, State of Indiana. Reargued by Mr. Harry T. Ice for the
appellant and by Mr. John J. McShane for the appellee.
No. 4. American Power & Light Company, petitioner, v. Securities
and Exchange Commission; and
No. 5. Electric Power & Light Corporation, petitioner, v. Securities
and Exchange Commission. One and three quarters hours allowed
each side for reargument. Reargument commenced by Mr. Arthur A.
Ballantine for the petitioner in No. 4, and continued by Mr. Daniel
James for the petitioner in No. 5, and by Mr. Roger S. Foster for the
respondent.
Adjourned until tomorrow at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Tuesday, October 15, will be as follows: Nos. 4
(and 5), 37, 6 (7, 8, 9, and 10), 38 (and 39), 12 (13, 14, 15, 16,
17, 18, and 19), 20, 84, 40, 21, and 22.
☑
1
1
1
k
1
་
•
'

TUESDAY, OCTOBER 15, 1946
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
36
Present: Mr. Chief Justice Vinson, Mr. Justice Black, Mr. Justice
Reed, Mr. Justice Frankfurter, Mr. Justice Douglas, Mr. Justice
Murphy, Mr. Justice Jackson, Mr. Justice Rutledge, and Mr. Justice
Burton.
Henry S. Hooker, of New York, N. Y.; Robert S. Rubin, of New
York, N. Y.; E. S. Champlin, of Enid, Okla.; John W. Rae, of Ann
Arbor, Mich.; H. Clarke Gaines, of Washington, D. C.; William H.
Best, Jr., of Goldsboro, N. C.; Richard H. Plock, of Burlington, Iowa;
Edward T. Johnson, of Lewiston, Idaho; Charles J. Ribar, of Seattle,
Wash.; and Burr Shearer Stottle, of Kansas City, Mo., were admitted
to practice.
No. 4. American Power & Light Company, petitioner, v. Securities
and Exchange Commission; and
No. 5. Electric Power & Light Corporation, petitioner, v. Securities
and Exchange Commission. Reargument continued by Mr. Roger S.
Foster for the respondent, by Mr. Arthur A. Ballantine for the peti-
tioner in No. 4, and concluded by Mr. Daniel James for the petitioner
in No. 5.
No. 37. Edna W. Ballard and Donald Ballard, petitioners, v. The
United States of America. Argued by Mr. Roland Rich Woolley and
Mr. Ralph C. Curren for the petitioners, and by Miss Beatrice Rosen-
berg for the respondent.
No. 6. United Brotherhood of Carpenters and Joiners of America,
petitioner, v. The United States of America;
No. 7. The Bay Counties District Council of Carpenters of the
United Brotherhood of Carpenters and Joiners of America et al., peti-
tioners, v. The United States of America;
No. 8. Lumber Products Association, Inc., Acme Manufacturing
Co., Inc., et al., petitioners, v. The United States of America;
No. 9. Alameda County Building and Construction Trades Council,
petitioner, v. The United States of America; and
No. 10. Boorman Lumber Company, Hogan Lumber Company,
Loop Lumber & Mill Company, et al., petitioners, v. The United States
of America. Reargument commenced by Mr. Charles H. Tuttle for
the petitioners, United Brotherhood of Carpenters, etc., in Nos. 6 and
7, and continued by Mr. Holmes Baldridge for the respondent.
Adjourned until tomorrow at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Wednesday, October 16, will be as follows: Nos. 6
(7, 8, 9, and 10), 38 (and 39), 12 (13, 14, 15, 16, 17, 18, and 19),
20, 84, 40, 21, 22, 41, and 42 (43, 44, and 45).
705009 4.6.

WEDNESDAY, OCTOBER 16, 1946
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
37
Present: Mr. Chief Justice Vinson, Mr. Justice Black, Mr. Justice
Reed, Mr. Justice Frankfurter, Mr. Justice Douglas, Mr. Justice
Murphy, Mr. Justice Jackson, Mr. Justice Rutledge, and Mr.
Justice Burton.
Robert Doscher, of Suffern, N. Y.; Louis F. Dahling, of Detroit,
Mich.; William F. Sonnekalb, Jr., of New York, N. Y.; Edward
Spencer Miller, of Portland, Maine; James W. Bounds, of Oklahoma
City, Okla.; Orville S. Carpenter, of Austin, Tex.; George W. Led-
better, of Ennis, Tex.; and Howard F. Butler, of Nashville, Tenn.,
were admitted to practice.
No. 6. United Brotherhood of Carpenters and Joiners of America,
petitioner, v. The United States of America;
No. 7. The Bay Counties District Council of Carpenters of the
United Brotherhood of Carpenters and Joiners of America et al.,
petitioners, v. The United States of America;
No. 8. Lumber Products Association, Inc., Acme Manufacturing
Co., Inc., et al., petitioners, v. The United States of America;
No. 9. Alameda County Building and Construction Trades Coun-
cil, petitioner, v. The United States of America; and
No. 10. Boorman Lumber Company, Hogan Lumber Company,
Loop Lumber & Mill Company, et al., petitioners, v. The United States
of America. Reargument continued by Mr. Holmes Baldridge for
the respondent and concluded by Mr. Charles H. Tuttle for the peti-
tioners in Nos. 6 and 7. Cases submitted by Mr. Joseph O. Carson II,
Mr. Harry N. Routzohn, Mr. Hugh K. McKevith, and Mr. Jack M.
Howard for petitioner, Bay County District Council of Carpenters
in No. 7; by Mr. Maurice E. Harrison for petitioner in No. 8; by Mr.
Guy C. Calden and Mr. Clarence E. Todd for petitioner in No. 9;
and by Mr. Morgan J. Doyle for the petitioners in No. 10.
No. 38. National Labor Relations Board, petitioner, v. Donnelly
Garment Company, Donnelly Garment Workers' Union, et al.; and
No. 39. International Ladies' Garment Workers' Union, petitioner,
v. Donnelly Garment Company, Donnelly Garment Workers' Union,
and National Labor Relations Board. One and one-half hours al-
lowed each side for argument. Argued by Miss Ruth Weyand for
705009-46- -7

WEDNESDAY, OCTOBER 16, 1946
38
the National Labor Relations Board, by Mr. Clif Langsdale for the
petitioner in No. 39, by Mr. Robert J. Ingraham for Donnelly Gar-
ment Company, and by Mr. Frank E. Tyler for Donnelly Garment
Workers' Union. Leave granted the National Labor Relations Board
to file reply brief within one week.
Adjourned until tomorrow at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Thursday, October 17, will be as follows: Nos. 12
(13, 14, 15, 16, 17, 18, and 19), 20, 84, 40, 21, 22, 41, 42 (43, 44,
and 45), 23, and 86.

THURSDAY, OCTOBER 17, 1946
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
39
Present: Mr. Chief Justice Vinson, Mr. Justice Black, Mr. Justice.
Reed, Mr. Justice Frankfurter, Mr. Justice Douglas, Mr. Justice
Murphy, Mr. Justice Jackson, Mr. Justice Rutledge, and Mr. Justice
Burton.
Robert Solomon Horne, of Cochran, Ga.; Joseph Aloysius Mc-
Menamin, of Washington, D. C.; Emory T. Nunneley, Jr., of Alex-
andria, Va.; George Rex Frye, of Washington, D. C.; and Philip
Elman, of New York, N. Y., were admitted to practice.
No. 12. Heber Kimball Cleveland, petitioner, v. The United
States of America;
No. 13. Heber Kimball Cleveland, petitioner, v. The United
States of America;
No. 14. Heber Kimball Cleveland, petitioner, v. The United
States of America;
No. 15. David Brigham Darger, petitioner, v. The United States
of America;
No. 16. Vergel Y. Jessop, petitioner, v. The United States of
America;
No. 17. Theral Ray Dockstader, petitioner, v. The United States
of America ;
No. 18. L. R. Stubbs, petitioner, v. The United States of Amer-
ica; and
No. 19. Follis Gardner Petty, petitioner, v. The United States of
America. Reargued by Mr. Claude T. Barnes for the petitioners
and by Mr. Robert M. Hitchcock for the respondent.
No. 20. United Federal Workers of America (C. I. O.) et al.,
appellants, v. Harry B. Mitchell, Lucille Foster McMillin, and Arthur
S. Fleming. Reargued by Mr. Lee Pressman for the appellants and
by Mr. Ralph F. Fuchs for the appellees.
No. 84. State of Oklahoma, petitioner, v. United States Civil
Service Commission. Argument commenced by Mr. Mac Q. William-
son for the petitioner.
Adjourned until tomorrow at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Friday, October 18, will be as follows: Nos. 84,
40, 21, 22, 41, 42 (43, 44, and 45), 23, 86, 24, and 46.
705009-46-8
☑

FRIDAY, OCTOBER 18, 1946
40
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: Mr. Chief Justice Vinson, Mr. Justice Black, Mr. Justice
Reed, Mr. Justice Frankfurter, Mr. Justice Douglas, Mr. Justice Mur-
phy, Mr. Justice Jackson, Mr. Justice Rutledge, and Mr. Justice Bur-
ton.
John T. Noonan, of Boston, Mass.; Donald N. Clausen, of Chicago,
Ill.;
Maurice E. Kaplan, of Lynn, Mass.; John Weston Miller, of
Springfield, Mo.; William Eugene Allen, of Washington, D. C.; Hal
E. Morris, of Cheyenne, Wyo.; and Edward D. Bolton, of New York,
N. Y., were admitted to practice.
No. 20. United Federal Workers of America (C. I. O.), et al., ap-
pellants v. Harry B. Mitchell, Lucille Foster McMillin, and Arthur
S. Fleming. United Public Workers of America (C. I. O.) substi-
tuted as a party appellant herein in the place and stead of United
Federal Workers of America (C. I. O.), and Frances Perkins substi-
tuted as a party appellee herein in the place and stead of Lucille Foster
McMillin on motion of Mr. Milton V. Freeman for the appellants.
No. 84. State of Oklahoma, petitioner, v. United States Civil Serv-
ice Commission. Argument continued by Mr. Mac Q. Williamson for
the petitioner, by Mr. Ralph F. Fuchs for the respondent, and con-
cluded by Mr. James W. Bounds for the petitioner.
No. 40. The United States of America, petitioner, v. Iska W. Car-
mack. Argued by Mr. John J. Cooney for the petitioner and by Mr.
I. R. Kelso for the respondent.
No. 21. Champlin Refining Company, appellant, v. The United
States of America and Interstate Commerce Commission. Argument
commenced by Mr. Harry O. Glasser for the appellant.
Adjourned until Monday, October 21, next, at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Monday, October 21, will be as follows: Nos. 21, 22,
41, 42 (43, 44, and 45), 23, 86, 24, 46, 11, and 26.
☑
705009-46-

MONDAY, OCTOBER 21, 1946
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
41
Present: Mr. Chief Justice Vinson, Mr. Justice Black, Mr. Justice
Reed, Mr. Justice Frankfurter, Mr. Justice Douglas, Mr. Justice
Jackson, Mr. Justice Rutledge, and Mr. Justice Burton.
Bernard H. Barnett, of Louisville, Ky.; John D. Reed, of Austin,
Tex.; Daniel Duke, of Atlanta, Ga.; Victor Davidson, of Irwinton,
Ga.; Cleburne Earl Gregory, Jr., of Atlanta, Ga.; Rudolf B.
Schlesinger, of Larchmont, N. Y.; Deane Ramey, of New York, N. Y.;
Otis E. Nelson, of Wichita Falls, Tex.; Jerome G. McKean, of Hous-
ton, Tex.; Emory L. Groff, of Washington, D. C.; Ernest D. Gerye,
of Omaha, Nebr.. Jay Raymond Levinson, of New York, N. Y.; and
Benjamin C. Sigal, of Pittsburgh, Pa., were admitted to practice.
The Chief Justice said:
"Mr. Justice Murphy is unavoidably absent on account of the death
of his brother, Harold Murphy. The Court extends its deepest sym-
pathy to Brother Murphy and the family in their hour of bereave-
ment."
The following orders were not announced orally but appear on the
list certified by the Chief Justice and filed with the Clerk:
No. . N. Tully Semel et al., petitioners, v. United States. The
motion for a stay is denied.
No. 36, Misc. Ex parte Jackson Henry Goins, petitioner;
No. 39, Misc. Ex parte Tom Stephenson, petitioner ;
No. 40, Misc. Ex parte William Ford McCrackin, petitioner. The
motions for leave to file petitions for writs of habeas corpus are denied.
No. 35, Misc. John C. Burt, petitioner, v. Honorable Edward A.
Conger, District Judge; and
No. 38, Misc. Ex parte William G. Hayes, petitioner. The motions
for leave to file petitions for writs of mandamus are denied.
No. 82, Misc., October Term 1945. Walter N. Smith, petitioner, v.
Honorable Joseph F. Maguire, Justice of the Domestic Relations Court
of the City of New York, et al.;
No. 83, Misc., October Term 1945. John Harding, petitioner, v.
Honorable F. H. LaGuardia, Mayor of the City of New York, et al;
No. 33, Misc. Albert Stephens, Administrator, petitioner, v. United
States;
No. 34, Misc. Oneal Massey, petitioner, v. State of Texas;
705009-46-10

MONDAY, OCTOBER 21, 1946
42
No. 37, Misc. Ex parte Daisy D. Wilson, petitioner; and
No. 43, Misc. Ex parte Joseph Poresky, petitioner. The applica-
tions are denied.
No. 461. William Greenough and George Henry Warren, Jr.,
Trustees, appellants, v Tax Assessors of the City of Newport and
Edward L. Leahy, Tax Administrator of the State of Rhode Island;
No. 464. The United States of America, appellant, v. Line Material
Company, General Electric Company, James R. Kearney Corporation
et al.; and
No. 467. Ayrshire Collieries Corporation et al., and Chicago, Mil-
waukee, St. Paul and Pacific Railroad Company, appellants, v. United
States, Interstate Commerce Commission et al. In these cases prob-
able jurisdiction is noted.
No. 470. Daniel F. Rice, Joseph J. Rice, et al., petitioners, v. Great
Lakes Elevator Corporation et al.;
No. 471. Daniel F. Rice, Joseph J. Rice, et al., petitioners, v. Board
of Trade of the City of Chicago, a Corporation;
No. 472. Illinois Commerce Commission et al., petitioners, v. Great
Lakes Elevator Corporation et al.; and
No. 473. Illinois Commerce Commission et al., petitioners, v. Board
of Trade of the City of Chicago, a Corporation. Petitions for writs
of certiorari to the Circuit Court of Appeals for the Seventh Circuit
granted.
No. 312. The United States of America, petitioner, v. Albert Silk,
Doing Business as Albert Silk Coal Company. Petition for writ of
certiorari to the Circuit Court of Appeals for the Tenth Circuit
granted and case transferred to the summary docket.
No. 457. C. J. Adams, alias Charlie Adams, petitioner, v. The
United States of America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
Circuit Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit granted and case trans-
ferred to the summary docket.
No. 140. Rene De Meerleer, petitioner, v. The People of the State
of Michigan. The motions for leave to file a substituted petition and
to dispense with the printing of the record on the application for the
writ are granted. The petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme
Court of Michigan is also granted.
No. 311. S. J. Groves & Sons Company, petitioner, v. The United
States. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Claims denied.
No. 368. The Sioux Tribe of Indians, petitioner, v. United States.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Claims denied.

MONDAY, OCTOBER 21, 1946
43
No. 439. Wootten Hotel Corporation, petitioner, v. Northern As-
surance Co., Ltd. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court
of Appeals for the Third Circuit denied.
No. 449. The Order of Railroad Telegraphers, an Unincorporated
Association, et al., petitioners, v. New Orleans, Texas & Mexico Rail-
way Company et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit
Court of Appeals for the Eighth Circuit denied.
No. 450. May Hosiery Mills, petitioner, v. Hold Stitch Fabric
Machine Company. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme
Court of Tennessee denied.
No. 451. Arthur L. Bell, petitioner, v. The Superior Court, Los
Angeles County, State of California. Petition for writ of certiorari
to the Supreme Court of California denied.
No. 455. Fred J. Martin, Trustee, petitioner, v. Eugene Campanaro,
Edward Grimm et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit
Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit denied.
No. 456. Alfred Hans Weiss, petitioner, v. John W. Hood, Warden.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Georgia denied.
No. 458. Todd Shipyards Corporation, petitioner, v. Harvey De-
Graw. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Errors and
Appeals, State of New Jersey, denied.
No. 462. Berryman Henwood, Trustee of the St. Louis South-
western Railway Company, a Corporation, petitioner, v. O. R. Chaney.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of Appeals for
the Eighth Circuit denied.
No. 468. German-American Vocational League, Inc., D. A. B. Re-
creational Resort, Inc., et al., petitioners, v. United States. Petition
for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of Appeals for the Third
Circuit denied.
No. 469. The Equitable Life Assurance Society of the United
States, a Corporation, petitioner, v. Mercantile-Commerce Bank and
Trust Company, a Corporation, et al. Petition for writ of certiorari
to the Circuit Court of Appeals for the Eighth Circuit denied.
No. 474. Burt Cain, petitioner, v. United States. Petition for writ
of certiorari to the Circuit Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit
denied.
No. 475. Fred Martin, petitioner, v. The State of Georgia. Petition
for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals of Georgia denied.
No. 482. Waterman Steamship Corporation, petitioner, v. U. S.
Smelting, Refining & Mining Co. Petition for writ of certiorari to
the Circuit Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 275. Panhandle Eastern Pipe Line Company, petitioner, v.
Federal Power Commission et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to

MONDAY, OCTOBER 21, 1946
44
the Circuit Court of Appeals for the Eighth Circuit denied. Mr.
Justice Jackson took no part in the consideration or decision of this
application.
No. 438. Harris-Stanley Coal & Land Company et al., petitioners,
v. The Chesapeake & Ohio Railway Company. Petition for writ of
certiorari to the Circuit Court of Appeals for the Sixth Circuit
denied. Mr. Justice Reed took no part in the consideration or de-
cision of this application.
No. 505. Wilson De La Roi, petitioner, v. The People of the State
of California. The motion for leave to proceed in forma pauperis is
granted. The petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court
of California is denied. Mr. Justice Murphy is of the opinion that
the petition should be granted.
No. 427. Walter A. Lavender, Administrator De Bonis Non of the
Estate of L. E. Haney, Deceased, petitioner, v. J. M. Kurn et al.,
Trustees of the St. Louis-San Francisco Railway Company, Debtor,
and Illinois Central Railroad Company. Petition for writ of certi-
orari to the Supreme Court of Missouri denied for want of a final
judgment. Mr. Justice Black and Mr. Justice Murphy are of the
opinion that the petition should be granted.
No. 20, Misc. Walter A. Lavender, Administrator, etc., v. Hon-
orable Albert M. Clark, Chief Justice of the Supreme Court of Mis-
souri, et al. The motion for leave to file petition for writ of man-
damus is denied. Mr. Justice Black, Mr. Justice Murphy, and Mr.
Justice Rutledge are of the opinion that leave to file should be granted
and that a rule to show cause should issue.
No. 2, October Term 1941. Martin J. Bernards and Lena Bernards,
petitioners, v. M. R. Johnson, Catherine Collins, The United States
National Bank of Portland et al. The motion to recall the mandate
is denied. The Chief Justice took no part in the consideration or
decision of this application.
No. 109, Misc., October Term 1945. In the Matter of O'Neal Massey,
petitioner; and
No. 1221, October Term 1945. Jane Crozier, Roberta Giesecke, and
Harriet M. Ackert, petitioners, v. The Baltimore and Ohio Railroad
Company. The motions for leave to file petitions for rehearing are
denied. The Chief Justice and Mr. Justice Jackson took no part in
the consideration or decision of these applications.
No. 269, October Term 1945. Milton Roe Sabin and Bertha Flor-
ence Sabin, petitioners, v. Home Owners' Loan Corporation et al.;
and
No. 952, October Term 1945. Bertha Florence Sabin and M. R.
Sabin, petitioners, v. Home Owners' Loan Corporation, a Corpora-

MONDAY, OCTOBER 21, 1946
45
tion, George J. Overmyer and Brenda E. Overmyer. The motion
for leave to file a second petition for rehearing is denied. The Chief
Justice and Mr. Justice Jackson took no part in the consideration or
decision of this application.
No. 404, October Term 1945. Jack Davis, petitioner, v. The United
States of America; and
No. 489, October Term 1945. Edward F. Zap, petitioner, v. The
United States of America. The petitions for rehearing are denied.
The Chief Justice and Mr. Justice Jackson took no part in the con-
sideration or decision of these applications.
No. 625, October Term 1945. Cecil I. Hust, petitioner, v. Moore-
McCormack Lines, Inc. It is ordered that the opinion of this Court
in this case, filed June 10, 1946, be amended by deleting the first two
sentences of the second paragraph on page 16 of the slip copy print
and substituting in lieu therefor the following language: "Uncertain
in scope as the effects of the Brady decision were regarded to be, they
were clearly recognized as holding that the seaman had rights against
private operators arising after the transfer of governmental control.37"
The petition for rehearing is denied. The Chief Justice and Mr.
Justice Jackson took no part in the consideration or decision of this
application.
No. 132. The United States of America ex rel. Angelo Russo, peti-
tioner, v. Walter Nierstheimer, Warden, Illinois State Penitentiary,
Menard Branch. The petition for rehearing is denied.
The Court will take a recess from Monday, October 28th, until
Tuesday, November 12th, next.
No. 21. Champlin Refining Company, appellant, v. The United
States of America and Interstate Commerce Commission. Reargu-
ment continued by Mr. Edward Dumbauld for the appellees and con-
cluded by Mr. Dan Moody for the appellant.
No. 22. Max Levinson, petitioner, v. Spector Motor Service, a Cor-
poration. Reargument commenced by Mr. Harry L. Yale for the
petitioner, continued by Mr. Jeeter S. Ray for the Administrator of
the Wage and Hour Division, U. S. Department of Labor, amicus
curiae by special leave of Court, by Mr. Roland Rice for the respond-
ent, and by Mr. Daniel W. Knowlton for the Interstate Commerce
Commission, amicus curiae by special leave of Court.
Adjourned until tomorrow at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Tuesday, October 22, will be as follows: Nos. 22,
41, 42 (43, 44, and 45), 23, 86, 24, 46, 11, 26, 29 (and 30).
☑

TUESDAY, OCTOBER 22, 1946
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
46
Present: Mr. Chief Justice Vinson, Mr. Justice Black, Mr. Justice
Reed, Mr. Justice Frankfurter, Mr. Justice Douglas, Mr. Justice Jack-
son, Mr. Justice Rutledge, and Mr. Justice Burton.
Robert E. Paradise, of Los Angeles, Calif.; George C. Perkins, of
Oakland, Calif.; Victor H. Kendrick, of Los Angeles, Calif.; Max J.
Gwertzman, of New York, N. Y.; Floyd Duke James, of San Antonio,
Tex.; Herman Robert Friedberg, of New York, N. Y.; and Charles
W. Bahme, of Los Angeles, Calif., were admitted to practice.
No. 22. Max Levinson, petitioner, v. Spector Motor Service, a
Corporation. Reargument continued by Mr. Daniel W. Knowlton for
the Interstate Commerce Commission, amicus curiae by special leave
of Court, and concluded by Mr. Harry L. Yale for the petitioner.
No. 41. Pyramid Motor Freight Corporation, petitioner, v. Mur-
ray Ispass, Max Granofsky, Harry Brownstein, et al. Argued by Mr.
Charles E. Cotterill for the petitioner and by Mr. Deane Ramey for
the respondent.
No. 42. Vanston Bondholders Protective Committee, petitioner,
2. Louis A. Green, et al.;
No. 43. Vanston Bondholders Protective Committee, petitioner,
v. Carl B. Early, et al.;
No. 44. Vanhorn Bondholders Protective Committee, petitioner,
v. Louis A. Green, et al.; and
No. 45. Vanhorn Bondholders Protective Committee, petitioner,
v. Carl B. Early et al. Argument commenced by Mr. George W.
Jaques for the petitioner in Nos. 42 and 43; continued by Mr. Robert
J. Bulkley for the petitioner in Nos. 44 and 45; by Mr. Roger S.
Foster for the Securities and Exchange Commission, amicus curiae by
special leave of Court; by Mr. Chas. I. Dawson for the respondents,
Carl B. Early et al.; by Mr. Jay Raymond Levinson for the re-
spondents, Green Committee et al.; and by Mr. Robert J. Bulkley
for the petitioner in Nos. 44 and 45.
Adjourned until tomorrow at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Wednesday, October 23, will be as follows: Nos.
42 (43, 44, and 45), 23, 86, 24, 46, 11, 26, 29 (and 30), 47, and 50.
705009-46–
-11

WEDNESDAY, OCTOBER 23, 1946
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
47
Present: Mr. Chief Justice Vinson, Mr. Justice Black, Mr. Justice
Reed, Mr. Justice Frankfurter, Mr. Justice Douglas, Mr. Justice Jack-
son, Mr. Justice Rutledge, and Mr. Justice Burton.
James Manderson Castle, Jr., of Washington, D. C.; Lewis Hobson
Wilson, of Tuscaloosa, Ala.; John G. Buchanan, Jr., of Pittsburgh,
Pa.; Alexander Halpern, of New York, N. Y.; Leon B. Paullada, of
Los Angeles, Calif.; Stanley B. Frosh, of Chicago, Ill.; Leon John
Albert Kupeck, of Chicago, Ill.; Charles Hunsicker, Jr., of Phila-
delphia, Pa.; and Norman A. Stoll, of Milwaukee, Wis., were ad-
mitted to practice.
No. 23. Taze Hamrick Gibson, petitioner, v. The United States of
America; and
No. 86. George William Dodez, petitioner, v. The United States of
America. No. 23 reargued and No. 86 argued by Mr. Hayden C.
Covington for the petitioners and by Mr. Irving S. Shapiro for the
respondent.
No. 24. Halliburton Oil Well Cementing Company, petitioner, v.
Cranford P. Walker, et al., Doing Business as Depthograph Company,
a Corporation. Reargument commenced by Mr. Earl Babcock for the
petitioner and continued by Mr. Harold W. Mattingly for the re-
spondents.
Adjourned until tomorrow at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Thursday, October 24, will be as follows: Nos. 24,
46, 11, 26, 29 (and 30), 47, and 50.
☑
705009-46—12

THURSDAY, OCTOBER 24, 1946
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
48
Present: Mr. Chief Justice Vinson, Mr. Justice Black, Mr. Justice
Reed, Mr. Justice Frankfurter, Mr. Justice Douglas, Mr. Justice
Jackson, Mr. Justice Rutledge, and Mr. Justice Burton.
Dick L. Connally, of Brownwood, Tex.; Rosalind Goodrich Bates,
of Los Angeles, Calif.; Reva Beck Bosone, of Salt Lake City, Utah;
Edward J. Flavin, of Boston, Mass.; Mildred Gilmore, of Los Angeles,
Calif.; Samuel Karp, of New York, N. Y.; Borden C. Jones, of
Chattanooga, Tenn.; Genevieve T. McLaughlin, of Washington,
D. C.; David J. Cohen, of Boston, Mass.; J. Carter Fort, Jr., of
Washington, D. C.; Gerald D. Finney, of Washington, D. C.; Alice
M. Birdsall, of Phoenix, Ariz.; Joel G. Stanford, of Westfield, N. J.;
John B. Hosty, of Chicago, Ill.; George Francis Meyer, Jr., of Oak-
land, Calif.; and Richard S. Oldberg, of Chicago, Ill., were admitted
to practice.
No. 505. Wilson De La Roi, petitioner, v. The People of the State
of California. Motion for stay of execution and petition for rehear-
ing denied. Mr. Justice Murphy took no part in the consideration
or decision of these applications.
No. 24. Halliburton Oil Well Cementing Company, petitioner, v.
Cranford P. Walker et al., Doing Business as Depthograph Company,
a Corporation. Reargument continued by Mr. Harold W. Mattingly
for the respondents and concluded by Mr. Earl Babcock for the peti-
tioner.
No. 46. Richfield Oil Corporation, appellant, v. State Board of
Equalization. Argued by Mr. Norman S. Sterry for the appellant
and by Mr. John L. Nourse for the appellee.
No. 11. Alma Motor Company, petitioner, v. The Timken-Detroit
Axle Company and The United States of America. Reargument
commenced by Mr. Thomas J. Hughes for the petitioner and continued
by Mr. Assistant Attorney General Sonnett for the respondent, The
United States.
Adjourned until tomorrow at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Friday, October 25, will be as follows: Nos. 11,
26, and 50.
705009-46-13
✓

FRIDAY, OCTOBER 25, 1946
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
49
Present: Mr. Chief Justice Vinson, Mr. Justice Black, Mr. Justice
Reed, Mr. Justice Frankfurter, Mr. Justice Douglas, Mr. Justice
Jackson, Mr. Justice Rutledge, and Mr. Justice Burton.
Connie V. Southern, of Washington, D. C.; Francis M. Sassé, of
Phoenix, Ariz.; Irene L. Dulin, of Saint Louis, Mo.; Walter E. Craig,
of Phoenix, Ariz.; Milton T. Quinton, Jr., of Lexington, Ky.; Arthur
Mills Scheid, of Washington, D. C.; Gerald J. Dunworth, of New
York, N. Y.; Howard Cockrill, of Little Rock, Ark.; Walter B. Keaton,
of Rushville, Ind.; Franklin W. Clarke, of Madison, Wis.; John C.
Stickney, of Sausalito, Calif.; Robt. M. Fisher, of Indiana, Pa.;
Virginia M. Wallgren, of Washington, D. C.; Sidney Freidberg, of
New York, N. Y.; Hylan Cooper, of Washington, D. C.; Wm. Huck,
Jr., of Bloomfield, N. J.; Thomas J. Markey, of Bloomfield, N. J.;
and Edward L. Wright, of Little Rock, Ark., were admitted to
practice.
No. 11. Alma Motor Company, petitioner, v. The Timken-Detroit
Axle Company and The United States of America. Reargument
continued by Mr. Assistant Attorney General Sonnett for the re-
spondent, The United States, by Mr. William A. Strauch for the
respondent, Timken-Detroit Axle Company, and concluded by Mr.
John G. Buchanan for the petitioner.
No. 26. The United States, petitioner, v. Alcea Band of Tilla-
☐ mooks et al. Reargued by Mr. Walter J. Cummings, Jr., for the
petitioner and by Mr. Everett Sanders for the respondents.
No. 50. The United States, petitioner, v. The Howard P. Foley
Company, Inc. Argued by Mr. A. Devitt Vanech for the petitioner
and by Mr. Alexander Heron for the respondent.
Adjourned until Monday, October 28, next, at 12 o'clock.
705009-46- -14

MONDAY, OCTOBER 28, 1946
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
50
Present: Mr. Chief Justice Vinson, Mr. Justice Black, Mr. Justice
Reed, Mr. Justice Frankfurter, Mr. Justice Douglas, Mr. Justice
Jackson, Mr. Justice Rutledge, and Mr. Justice Burton.
Russell E. Hatter, of Marengo, Iowa; Robert J. Davis, of Fort
Lauderdale, Fla.; John C. Bane, Jr., of Pittsburgh, Pa.; Jule Brown
Patterson, of Fort Lauderdale, Fla.; Joseph Anthony Fitzsimmons,
of Fort Lauderdale, Fla.; Cecil N. Cook, of Houston, Tex.; Walter
L. Nossaman, of Los Angeles, Calif.; Frank E. O'Reilly, of Chicago,
Ill.; Albert E. Knauf, of Waukegan, Ill.; William Harrison Storey,
of Houston, Tex.; Paul C. Hodge, of Chicago, Ill.; Edward B. Han-
ley, Jr., of Seattle, Wash.; Colman Brez Stein, of Washington, D. C.;
Thos. M. Lockhart, of Fort Lauderdale, Fla.; Walter H. Duane, of
San Francisco, Calif.; and Carleton U. Edwards II, of Washington,
D. C., were admitted to practice.
The Chief Justice said:
"The orders of the Court appear upon the list certified by the Chief
Justice and filed with the Clerk and will not be announced orally."
No. 531. Earl P. Cook, appellant, v. Ben W. Fortson, Jr., as Sec-
retary of State of Georgia, et al.; and
No. 532. Mrs. Robert Lee Turman and Cullen B. Gosnell, appel-
lants, v. J. Lon Duckworth, as Chairman of the Georgia State Demo-
cratic Executive Committee, et al. Appeals from the District Court
of the United States for the Northern District of Georgia. Per
curiam: The appeals are dismissed and the District Court is directed
to dismiss the bill in each case. See United States v. Anchor Coal
Company, 279 U. S. 812. Mr. Justice Black and Mr. Justice Murphy
are of the opinion that probable jurisdiction should be noted. Mr.
Justice Rutledge is of the opinion that the question of jurisdiction
should be postponed to the hearing of the cases on the merits and has
set forth his views in an opinion which he has filed.
No. 45, Misc. Richard O. Read, petitioner, v. Carle C. Zimmer-
man; and
No. 46, Misc. Ex parte William M. Lee, petitioner. Applications
denied. Mr. Justice Murphy took no part in the consideration or
decision of these applications.
705009-46-15
A

MONDAY, OCTOBER 28, 1946
51
No. 47, Misc. Ex parte William James Evans, Jr., petitioner. The
motion for leave to file petition for writ of habeas corpus is denied.
Mr. Justice Murphy took no part in the consideration or decision of
this application.
No. 343. State of New York, State of Delaware, State of Indiana,
et al., appellants, v. United States, Interstate Commerce Commission,
State of Alabama, et al.;
No. 344. State of Maine, State of New Hampshire, State of Ver-
mont, et al., appellants, v. United States, Interstate Commerce Com-
mission, et al.; and
No. 345. The Atchison, Topeka and Santa Fe Railway Company
et al., appellants, v. United States, Interstate Commerce Commission,
State of Alabama, et al. These cases are reassigned for argument on
Monday, February 10, next.
No. 80. Jack Parker, Isidor M. Saks, Melvin Caplan, et al., peti-
tioners, v. Paul A Porter, Price Administrator. The motion of coun-
sel for Landlords, amici curiae, for leave to participate in the oral
argument is denied.
No. 432. Aetna Casualty & Surety Company and J. A. Jones Con-
struction Company, petitioners, v. Mrs. Fannie M. Flowers. The mo-
tion of the respondent for leave to proceed in forma pauperis is
granted.
No. 176. Bernard M. Shotkin, petitioner, v. Judges, Superior
Court, Atlanta Circuit. The application for an extension of time
within which to file petition for rehearing is denied.
No. 342. Daniel Birmeli Dingman, petitioner, v. United States.
The motion for an extension of time of 30 days within which to file.
petition for rehearing is granted.
No. 574. The Rescue Army, a Corporation, and Charles T. Mur-
dock, appellants, v. The Municipal Court of the City of Los Angeles.
In this case probable jurisdiction is noted and the case is assigned for
argument immediately following No. 103.
No. 585. The United States, appellant, v. Lem Hoy, alias Lim
Hoy. In this case probable jurisdiction is noted and the case is trans-
ferred to the summary docket.
No. 417. United States Department of Agriculture, Emergency
Crop and Feed Loans, petitioner v. George G. Remund, as Adminis-
trator of the Estate of Wilhelm Buttke, Deceased. Petition for writ
of certiorari to the Supreme Court of South Dakota granted.
No. 431. Alfred Testa and Paul A. Porter, Administrator, Office
of Price Administration, petitioners, v. Harry Katt. Petition for
writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court for Providence and Bristol
Counties, State of Rhode Island, granted.

MONDAY, OCTOBER 28, 1946
52
No. 498. The United States of America, petitioner, v. Honorable
William F. Smith, a District Judge Especially Designated and As-
signed to Hold the District Court of the United States for the Middle
District of Pennsylvania, et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
Circuit Court of Appeals for the Third Circuit granted.
No. 543. Federal Power Commission et al., petitioners, v. Ar-
kansas Power & Light Company. Petition for writ of certiorari to
the United States Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia
granted and case transferred to the summary docket.
No. 164. Tomlinson I. Moseley, Ralph M. Keele and Keelmo Co.,
petitioners, v. United States Appliance Corporation. Petition for
writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of Appeals for the Ninth Cir-
cuit denied.
No. 463. The Baltimore and Ohio Railroad Company, a Corpora-
tion, et al., petitioners, v. Guy A. Thompson, Trustee, Missouri Pa-
cific Railroad Company, Debtor, et al.; and
No. 552. Guy A. Thompson, Trustee of Missouri Pacific Railroad
Company, Debtor, et al., petitioners, v. The Baltimore and Ohio Rail-
road Company, a Corporation, et al. Petitions for writs of certio-
rari to the Circuit Court of Appeals for the Eighth Circuit denied.
No. 484. Millard C. Baker, Isadore Walter Kahn, Benjamin L.
Levy, et al., petitioners, v. United States;
No. 485. Nathan Silverman, petitioner, v. United States; and
No. 486. Rubein V. Johnson, petitioner, v. United States. Peti-
tions for writs of certiorari to the Circuit Court of Appeals for the
Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 489. Joseph A. Gordon, petitioner, v. Paul A. Porter, Admin-
istrator, Office of Price Administration. Petition for writ of certio-
rari to the Circuit Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit denied.
No. 490. American Lecithin Company, Inc., petitioner, v. Paul V.
McNutt, as Federal Security Administrator of the United States.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of Appeals for the
Second Circuit denied.
No. 491. Boston & Maine Railroad, petitioner, v. Elizabeth B.
Meech, Administratrix. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit
Court of Appeals for the First Circuit denied.
No. 493. The Denver and Rio Grande Western Railroad Company,
a Corporation, et al., petitioners, v. Provo City, a Municipal Corpora-
tion, et al.; and
No. 494. The Denver and Rio Grande Western Railroad Com-
pany, a Corporation, et al., petitioners, v. Provo City, a Municipal
Corporation, et al. Petition for writs of certiorari to the Circuit
Court of Appeals for the Tenth Circuit denied.

MONDAY, OCTOBER 28, 1946
53
No. 497. 149 Madison Avenue Corp. and Williams & Co., Inc.,
petitioners, v. Frank Asselta, Camilo Del Rio, Joseph McArdle, et al.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of Appeals for the
Second Circuit denied.
No. 501. The Okonite Company, petitioner, v. Commissioner of
Internal Revenue. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court
of Appeals for the Third Circuit denied.
No. 515. Wheeling Stamping Company and Burrason Corpora-
tion, petitioners, v. Standard Cap and Molding Company. Petition
for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of Appeals for the Fourth
☐ Circuit denied.
No. 516. John Rosselli, petitioner, v. Joseph W. Sanford, Warden,
United States Penitentiary, Atlanta, Georgia. Petition for writ of
certiorari to the Circuit Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 522. Max Silverman, petitioner, v. Osborne Register Co. Pe-
tition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for
the District of Columbia denied.
No. 492. Sina Frazier, Now Postoak, Willie Watson, Richard
Watson, et al., petitioners, v. C. B. Goddard, E. L. Franklin, A. J.
Erlewine, et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court
of Appeals for the Tenth Circuit denied. Mr. Justice Murphy took
no part in the consideration or decision of this application.
No. 523. Estate of Harold I. Pratt, Deceased, United States Trust
Company, et al., Executors, petitioners, v. Commissioner of Internal
Revenue. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of Ap-
peals for the Second Circuit denied. Mr. Justice Murphy took no
part in the consideration or decision of this application.
No. 448. The Cleveland Hotel Protective Committee et al., peti-
tioners, v. National City Bank of Cleveland, Successor Trustee and
the Cleveland Terminals Building Company. Petition for writ of
certiorari to the Circuit Court of Appeals for the Sixth Circuit denied.
Mr. Justice Murphy and Mr. Justice Burton took no part in the con-
sideration or decision of this application.
No. 356. Richard W. Deaver, petitioner, v. United States. On
petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the District of Columbia;
No. 503. Albert Tinnin, petitioner, v. Clinton T. Duffy, Warden,
etc. On petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of
California;
No. 513. Benjamin Nightingale, petitioner, v. F. S. Baldi, Super-
intendent, Philadelphia County Prison, etc. On petition for writ of
certiorari to the Supreme Court of the Commonwealth of Pennsyl-
vania;

MONDAY, OCTOBER 28, 1946
54.
No. 554. William Kemmerer, petitioner, v. The State of Michigan.
On petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Michigan;
No. 518. James Bolden, petitioner, v. Joseph E. Ragen, Warden,
etc. On petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of Will
County, State of Illinois;
No. 520. George Zimer, petitioner, v. Joseph E. Ragen, Warden,
etc. On petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of Peoria
County, State of Illinois;
No. 521. Edmond Arthur Rohde, petitioner, v. Joseph E. Ragen,
Warden, etc. On petition for writ of certiorari to the Criminal Court
of Cook County, State of Illinois;
No. 529. Robert D. Scott, petitioner, v. Walter Nierstheimer,
Warden, etc. On petition for writ of certiorari to the Criminal Court
of Cook County, State of Illinois;
No. 530. Kenneth Ingersoll, petitioner, v. Walter Nierstheimer,
Warden, etc. On petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of
Effingham County, State of Illinois;
No. 533. Hubbert Waggoner, petitioner, v. Walter Nierstheimer,
Warden, etc. On petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court
of Illinois;
No. 545. Charles Wilson, petitioner, v. Joseph E. Ragen, Warden,
etc. On petition for writ of certiorari to the Criminal Court of Cook
County, State of Illinois;
No. 546. John Gawron, petitioner, v. Joseph E. Ragen, Warden,
etc. On petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of Will
County, State of Illinois;
No. 547. Lew Palmer, Jr., petitioner, v. Joseph E. Ragen, Warden,
etc. On petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of Will
County, State of Illinois;
No. 549. Mike Parker, petitioner, v. The People of the State of
Illinois. On petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court
of Illinois;
No. 550. Henry Robinson, petitioner, v. Joseph E. Ragen, Warden,
etc. On petition for writ of certiorari to the Criminal Court of Cook
County, State of Illinois;
No. 568. Richard Garner, petitioner, v. Joseph E. Ragen, Warden,
etc.;
No. 569. Robert Coleman, petitioner, v. Joseph E. Ragen, Warden,
etc.;
No. 577. Charles Cassidy, petitioner, v. People of the State of
Illinois;
No. 578. Elvis T. Watson, petitioner, v. People of the State of
Illinois;

MONDAY, OCTOBER 28, 1946
55
No. 579. Roy Judd, petitioner, v. Joseph E. Ragen, Warden, etc.
On petitions for writs of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Illinois;
No. 580. William Booker, petitioner, v. Joseph E. Ragen, Warden,
etc. On petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court, Circuit
Court of Will County, and Criminal Court of Cook County, State of
Illinois;
No. 581. Francis Haines, petitioner, v. Walter Nierstheimer,
Warden, etc. On petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court
of Randolph County, State of Illinois;
No. 598. Beckham Thompson, petitioner, v. Joseph E. Ragen,
Warden, etc. On petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court
of Will County, State of Illinois;
No. 599. Daniel Matthews, petitioner, v. Joseph E. Ragen, Warden,
etc.;
No. 600. Walter Fowler, petitioner, v. Joseph E. Ragen, Warden,
etc. On petitions for writs of certiorari to the Supreme Court of
Illinois;
No. 601. Clifton Mills, petitioner, v. Joseph E. Ragen, Warden,
etc. On petition for writ of certiorari to the Criminal Court of Cook
County, State of Illinois;
No. 602. Earl Davis, petitioner, v. Joseph E. Ragen, Warden, etc.
On petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Illinois;
No. 614. Robert Harris, petitioner, v. Joseph E. Ragen, Warden,
etc. On petition for writ of certiorari to the Criminal Court of Cook
County, State of Illinois; and
No. 616. James Holmes, petitioner, v. Joseph E. Ragen, Warden,
etc. On petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of Winne-
bago County, State of Illinois. The motions for leave to proceed
in forma pauperis are granted. The petitions for writs of certiorari
are denied. Mr. Justice Murphy took no part in the consideration or
decision of these applications.
No. 636. Mose Johnson, petitioner, v. The State of Oklahoma.
The motion for leave to proceed in forma pauperis is granted. The
motion for a stay is denied. The petition for writ of certiorari to the
Criminal Court of Appeals, State of Oklahoma, is denied. Mr.
Justice Murphy took no part in the consideration or decision of these
applications.
No. 278, October Term 1945. Reconstruction Finance Corpora-
tion et al., petitioners, v. The Denver and Rio Grande Western Rail-
road Company et al.;
No. 279, October Term 1945. Reconstruction Finance Corporation
et al., petitioners, v. The Denver and Salt Lake Western Railroad
Company et al.;

MONDAY, OCTOBER 28, 1946
56
No. 280, October Term 1945. Reconstruction Finance Corporation
et al., petitioners, v. City Bank Farmers Trust Company, Trustee,
et al.;
No. 281, October Term 1945. Reconstruction Finance Corporation
et al., petitioners, v. The Denver and Rio Grande Western Railroad
Company et al.;
No. 282, October Term 1945. Reconstruction Finance Corporation
et al., petitioners, v. Guy A. Thompson, Trustee, et al.; and
No. 916, October Term 1945. Henry L. Saunders, petitioner, v.
Ralph E. Wilkins. The petitions for rehearing are denied. The
Chief Justice and Mr. Justice Jackson took no part in the consideration
or decision of these applications.
No. 804, October Term 1945. Kenneth W. Colegrove, Peter J.
Chamales, and Kenneth C. Sears, appellants, v. Dwight H. Green, as
a Member, Ex-Officio of the Primary Certifying Board of the State
of Illinois, et al. Leave granted to file brief of the Civil Liberties
Union as amicus curiae. The petition for rehearing is denied. The
Chief Justice and Mr. Justice Jackson took no part in the consideration
or decision of these applications.
No. 308. John Stub, petitioner, v. The United States. The peti-
tion for rehearing is denied. Mr. Justice Murphy took no part in the
consideration or decision of this application.
No. 278, October Term 1945. Reconstruction Finance Corporation
et al., petitioners, v. The Denver and Rio Grande Western Railroad
Company et al.;
No. 279, October Term 1945. Reconstruction Finance Corporation
et al., petitioners, v. The Denver and Salt Lake Western Railroad
Company et al.;
No. 280, October Term 1945. Reconstruction Finance Corporation
et al., petitioners, v. City Bank Farmers Trust Company, Trustee,
et al.;
No. 281, October Term 1945. Reconstruction Finance Corporation
et al., petitioners, v. The Denver and Rio Grande Western Railroad
Company et al.; and
No. 282, October Term 1945. Reconstruction Finance Corporation
et al., petitioners, v. Guy A. Thompson, Trustee, et al. The Chief
Justice announced that Mr. Justice Frankfurter has filed an opinion
setting forth the detailed grounds for his dissent from the opinion
and judgment of the Court entered June 10, 1946, in these cases.

MONDAY, OCTOBER 28, 1946
57
No. 369. The Sioux Tribe of Indians, petitioner, v. The United
States. On petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Claims.
Dismissed on motion of counsel for the petitioner.
Adjourned until Tuesday, November 12, next, at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Tuesday, November 12, will be as follows: Nos. 29
(and 30), 32, 53, 25, 47, 27, 28, 70 (and 71), 36, and 48.
☑
A

TUESDAY, NOVEMBER 12, 1946
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
58
Present: Mr. Chief Justice Vinson, Mr. Justice Black, Mr. Justice
Reed, Mr. Justice Frankfurter, Mr. Justice Douglas, Mr. Justice
Murphy, Mr. Justice Jackson, Mr. Justice Rutledge, and Mr. Justice
Burton.
George David Thomson, of Flint, Mich.; Clarence J. Young, of
Portland, Oreg.; Raymond L. Greist, of Chicago, Ill.; Meyer Kreeger,
of New York, N. Y.; Leonard H. Marks, of Pittsburgh, Pa.; Fred-
erick J. Lotterhos, of Jackson, Miss.; Boynton P. Livingston, of
Washington, D. C.; and Donald Malcolm Macauley, of Springfield,
Mass., were admitted to practice.
The Chief Justice announced the following order of the Court:
No. 504. James Marr, Doing Business as Marr Duplicator Com-
pany, petitioner, v. A. B. Dick Company. On petition for writ of
certiorari to the Circuit Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit.
Per curiam: The petition for writ of certiorari is granted. The
judgment of the Circuit Court of Appeals is vacated and the cause
is remanded to that court for consideration of the question, raised
by the Solicitor General in his memorandum as amicus curiae,
"whether respondent's prosecution of the instant case may not con-
stitute a fraud upon the courts."
The Chief Justice said:
"The other orders of the Court appear upon the list certified by
the Chief Justice and filed with the Clerk and will not be announced
orally."
No. 42, Misc. Ex parte George James, petitioner. The motion for
leave to file petition for writ of certiorari is denied.
No. 48, Misc. Ex parte Vol Nelson, petitioner; and
No. 56, Misc. Ex parte Dorsey McMahan, petitioner. The mo-
tions for leave to file petitions for writs of mandamus are denied.
No. 49, Misc. Ex parte Charles Kato, petitioner;
No. 52, Misc. Ex parte Alva Christian, petitioner ;
No. 53, Misc. Ex parte Henry Allen, petitioner;
No. 54, Misc. Ex parte Randolph S. Rediker, petitioner; and
705009-46--16

TUESDAY, NOVEMBER 12, 1946
59
No. 55, Misc. Ex parte Louis Gross, petitioner. The motions for
leave to file petitions for writs of habeas corpus are denied.
No. 51, Misc. Ex parte Enoch R. Whitefield, petitioner. The appli-
cation is denied.
No. 57, Misc. Ex parte Edmond C. Fletcher, petitioner. The mo-
tion for leave to file petition for writ of mandamus is denied. The
Chief Justice and Mr. Justice Rutledge took no part in the consider-
ation or decision of this application.
No. 335. L. Metcalfe Walling, Administrator of the Wage and
Hour Division, United States Department of Labor, petitioner, v. The
Nashville, Chattanooga & St. Louis Railway; and
No. 336. L. Metcalfe Walling, Administrator of the Wage and
Hour Division, United States Department of Labor, petitioner, v.
Portland Terminal Company. The motion of Jacksonville Terminal
Company for leave to present oral argument as amicus curiae is denied.
No. 470. Daniel F. Rice, Joseph J. Rice, et al., petitioners, v. Great
Lakes Elevator Corporation et al.; and
No. 472. Illinois Commerce Commission et al., petitioners, v. Great
Lakes Elevator Corporation et al. The application of the National
Association of Railroad and Utilities Commissioners for leave to
present oral argument as amicus curiae is denied.
No. 643. Ford Motor Company, appellant, v. The United States of
America; and
No. 644. Commercial Investment Trust Corporation et al., appel-
lants, v. The United States of America. In these cases probable
jurisdiction is noted. Mr. Justice Jackson took no part in the con-
sideration or decision of this question.
No. 442. The United States, petitioner, v. Ivan M. Elchibegoff.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Claims granted.
No. 562. Rutherford Food Corporation and the George Kaiser
Packing Company, petitioners, v. L. Metcalfe Walling, Adminis-
trator of the Wage and Hour Division, United States Department of
Labor. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of Appeals
for the Tenth Circuit granted.
No. 564. L. Metcalfe Walling, Administrator of the Wage and
Hour Division, United States Department of Labor, petitioner, v.
The General Industries Company. Petition for writ of certiorari to
the Circuit Court of Appeals for the Sixth Circuit granted.
No. 625. Peter Caldarola, petitioner, v. Gerda Eckert and Thor
Eckert, Jr., Partners Doing Business Under the Firm Name of Thor
Eckert & Co. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals,
State of New York, granted.

1
TUESDAY, NOVEMBER 12, 1946
60
No. 483. Thomas A. Murray, petitioner, v. Paul A. Porter, Admin-
istrator, Office of Price Administration. On petition for writ of
certiorari to the Circuit Court of Appeals for the First Circuit;
No. 512. James G. Raley and Thomas E. Raley, Trading as Raley's
Food Store, petitioners, v. Paul A. Porter, Administrator of the Office
of Price Administration. On petition for writ of certiorari to the
United States Court of Appeals for the District of Calumbia; and
No. 583. Paul A. Porter, Administrator, Office of Price Admin-
istration, petitioner, v. Mohawk Wrecking and Lumber Company, a
Partnership, and Harry Smith. On petition for writ of certiorari
to the Circuit Court of Appeals for the Sixth Circuit. The petitions
for writs of certiorari in these cases are granted limited to the ques-
tion whether the Emergency Price Control Act authorizes the Ad-
ministrator to delegate to district directors authority to sign and
issue subpoenas. The cases are transferred to the summary docket
and assigned for argument consecutively.
No. 544. National Labor Relations Board, petitioner, v. Keystone
Steel & Wire Company and Independent Steel Workers Alliance.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of Appeals for
the Seventh Circuit granted and case transferred to the summary
docket.
No. 519. Mechanical Farm Equipment Distributors, Inc., peti-
tioner, v. Paul A. Porter, Administrator, Office of Price Administra-
tion. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of Appeals
for the Ninth Circuit denied.
No. 527. Lorraine Coffee Company, Inc., and Eric Eben, peti-
tioners, v. La Touraine Coffee Co., Inc. Petition for writ of certi-
orari to the Circuit Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit denied.
No. 528. The Login Corporation, petitioner, v. Paul A. Porter,
Administrator, Office of Price Administration. Petition for writ of
certiorari to the Circuit Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit denied.
No. 536. Charles A. Koza, John A. Anderson and Invincible Tool
Co., Inc., petitioners, v. Charles Drexler and Charles Drexler Co., Inc.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of Appeals for the
Third Circuit denied.
No. 537. Eastern Sugar Associates, petitioner, v. The People of
Puerto Rico. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of
Appeals for the First Circuit denied.
No. 539. Mario Joseph Pacman, petitioner, v. Charles B. Mead,
Superintendent of the Federal Prison Camp, Coronado National
Forest, Pima County, Arizona. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
Circuit Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit denied.
No. 542. Marjorie Hair Burton, Individually and as Administra-
trix of the Estate of Frederic A. Burton, Deceased, petitioner, v. J.

TUESDAY, NOVEMBER 12, 1946
61
Roy Browning, Trustee and Freeman Coal Mining Corporation. Pe-
tition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of Appeals for the
Seventh Circuit denied.
No. 555. Elsie C. Emery, petitioner, v. Commissioner of Internal
Revenue. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of Ap-
peals for the First Circuit denied.
No. 556. Cities Service Gas Company, petitioner, v. Federal Power
Commission, Public Service Commission of the State of Missouri,
et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of Appeals
for the Tenth Circuit denied.
No. 559. The City of Huntington Beach, petitioner, v. E. C. Denio,
G. A. Hart, G. P. Taubman, Jr., et al., etc. Petition for writ of
certiorari to the District Court of Appeal, Fourth Appellate District,
State of California, denied.
No. 560. Dixi-Cola Laboratories, Inc., et al., petitioners, v. The
Coca-Cola Company; and
No. 561. The Coca-Cola Company, petitioner, v. Dixi-Cola Labora-
tories, Inc., et al. Petitions for writs of certiorari to the Circuit
Court of Appeals for the Fourth Circuit denied.
No. 563. Fielding B. Barlow, petitioner, v. Federal Land Bank of
Berkeley. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of
Appeals for the Tenth Circuit denied.
No. 565. Fairfield Steamship Corporation, petitioner, v. Commis-
sioner of Internal Revenue. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
Circuit Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit denied.
No. 567. Jo Van Der Loo, petitioner, v. Paul A. Porter, Price Ad-
ministrator. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Emergency Court of Appeals denied.
No. 570. John Hancock Mutual Life Insurance Company, peti-
tioner, v. United States. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Cir-
cuit Court of Appeals for the First Circuit denied.
No. 584. Waterman Steamship Corporation et al., petitioners, v.
Pan-American Trade & Credit Corporation and Saman Hnos. Peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of Appeals for the
Second Circuit denied.
No. 592. Aiden Lassell Ripley, petitioner, v. Findlay Galleries,
Inc., and Goes Lithographing Co. Petition for writ of certiorari to
the Circuit Court of Appeals for the Seventh Circuit denied.
No. 638. St. Louis-San Francisco Railway Company, Debtor, peti-
tioner, v. James H. Brewster, Jr., et al., as Fort Scott Bondholders'
Committee et al.; and
No. 639. Lola Brooks, Administratrix, etc., and John E. Dikis,
Administrator, etc., petitioners, v. James H. Brewster, Jr., et al., as
'
{
A
1

TUESDAY, NOVEMBER 12, 1946
62
Fort Scott Bondholders' Committee et al. Petition for writs of cer-
tiorari to the Circuit Court of Appeals for the Eighth Circuit denied.
No. 391. Samuel Okin, petitioner, v. Securities and Exchange Com-
mission;
No. 392. Samuel Okin, petitioner, v. Securities and Exchange Com-
mission; and
No. 393. Samuel Okin, petitioner, v. Securities and Exchange Com-
mission. Petition for writs of certiorari to the Circuit Court of
Appeals for the Second Circuit denied. Mr. Justice Douglas took no
part in the consideration or decision of this application.
No. 534. Louis Dabney Smith, petitioner, v. United States. Peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of Appeals for the
Fourth Circuit denied. Mr. Justice Murphy is of the opinion the
petition should be granted.
No. 541. G. C. Rowe, Andy Reynolds, Grace Reynolds, et al., peti-
tioners, v. Chesapeake Mineral Company. Petition for writ of cer-
tiorari to the Circuit Court of Appeals for the Sixth Circuit denied.
Mr. Justice Reed took no part in the consideration or decision of this
application.
No. 488. Thomas J. McClane, petitioner, v. The People of the State
of California and Clinton T. Duffy, Warden, et al. On petition for
writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of California;
No. 551. Philip Einsohn, petitioner, v. People of the State of New
York. On petition for writ of certiorari to the County Court of Kings
County, State of New York;
No. 553. John J. Cartner, petitioner, v. The People of the State of
New York. On petition for writ of certiorari to the County Court of
Onondaga County, State of New York;
No. 576. David T. Tracher, petitioner, v. Walter B. Martin,
Warden of Attica State Prison, Attica, New York. On petition for
writ of certiorari to the County Court of Erie County, State of New
York;
No. 604. Arthur Lewis, petitioner, v. Joseph E. Ragen, Warden,
etc. On petition for writ of certiorari to the Criminal Court of Cook
County, State of Illinois;
No. 618. Fred Hines, petitioner, v. Walter Nierstheimer, Warden,
etc. On petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of
Illinois;
No. 620. Joseph Tomanek, petitioner, v. Jesph E. Ragen, Warden,
etc. On petition for writ of certiorari to the Criminal Court of Cook
County, State of Illinois;
No. 621. Sam Miner, petitioner, v. Joseph E. Ragen, Warden, etc.
On petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of Will County,
State of Illinois;

1
TUESDAY, NOVEMBER 12, 1946
63
No. 622. Ed Williams, petitioner, v. People of the State of Illinois.
On petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Illinois;
No. 623. Hubert J. Gapinski, petitioner, v. Walter Nierstheimer,
Warden, etc. On petition for writ of certiorari to the Criminal Court
of Cook County, State of Illinois;
No. 627. Edward Morris, petitioner, v. Joseph E. Ragen, Warden,
etc. On petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of
Illinois;
No. 629. Theodore Vincent, petitioner, v. People of the State of
Illinois. On petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of
Illinois;
No. 630. Frank Quinn, petitioner, v. The People of the State of
Illinois. On petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of
Will County, State of Illinois;
No. 631. Carl Woodward, petitioner, v. The People of the State
of Illinois. On petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court
of Illinois;
No. 634. Ronald Ritton, petitioner, v. Pennsylvania Board of
Parole. On petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of
the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania;
No. 647. John Sheets, petitioner, v. Joseph E. Ragen, Warden, etc.
On petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of Will County,
State of Illinois;
No. 648. William Deese, petitioner, v. Joseph E. Ragen, Warden,
etc. On petition for writ of certiorari to the Criminal Court of Cook
County, State of Illinois;
No. 649. Stanley Kaval, petitioner, v. People of the State of
Illinois. On petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of
Illinois;
No. 650. Robert Harris, petitioner, v. Joseph E. Ragen, Warden,
etc. On petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of Will
County, State of Illinois;
No. 652. Vernon Monder, petitioner, v. Joseph E. Ragen, Warden,
etc. On petition for writ of certiorari to the Criminal Court of Cook
County, State of Illinois;
No. 654. Everett Ross, petitioner, v. Joseph E. Ragen, Warden,
etc. On petition for writ of certiorari to the Criminal Court of Will
County, State of Illinois;
No. 659. William Bishop Donnell, petitioner, v. Ben B. Stewart,
Acting Warden, Missouri State Penitentiary. On petition for writ
of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Missouri; and
No. 661. James McDonald, petitioner, v. The People of the State
of Illinois. On petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court
of Illinois. The motions for leave to proceed in forma pauperis are
granted. The petitions for writs of certiorari are denied.
R
'

TUESDAY, NOVEMBER 12, 1946
64
No. 33, Misc. Albert Stephens, Administrator, petitioner, v. United
States;
No. 100. Silas Mason Company, Inc., Walsh Construction Com-
pany, Atkinson-Kier Company, petitioners, v. United States;
No. 112. B. T. Waller, petitioner, v. Northern Pacific Terminal
Company of Oregon;
No. 133. John H. Chatz, Trustee in Bankruptcy of Hoaglund &
Allum Co., Inc., petitioner, v. Midco Oil Corporation;
No. 134. Antonelli Fireworks Co., Inc., Amerigo Antonelli, et al.,
petitioners, v. United States;
No. 158. J. E. Haddock, Limited, and United Pacific Insurance
Company, petitioners, v. Warren H. Pillsbury, Deputy Commissioner,
and Hugh A. Voris, Assistant Deputy Commissioner, of the United
States Employees' Compensation Commission for the 13th Compensa-
tion District, and Adela F. Much;
No. 164. Tomlinson I. Moseley, Ralph M. Keele, and Keelmo Co.,
petitioners, v. United States Appliance Corporation;
No. 185. Anchor Serum Company, a Corporation of Missouri, peti-
tioner, v. American Cooperative Serum Association, a Corporation of
Iowa;
No. 186. Illinois Farm Bureau Serum Association, a Corporation
of Illinois, petitioner, v. American Cooperative Serum Association,
a Corporation of Iowa;
No. 187. Realty Operators, Inc., petitioner, v. Commissioner of
Internal Revenue;
No. 188. William Henderson (Partnership), petitioner, v. Com-
missioner of Internal Revenue; and
No. 189. Laurence M. Williams, as Liquidator of Sterling Sugars,
Inc., Formerly a Louisiana Corporation, and Sterling Sugar Sales
Corp., petitioners, v. Commissioner of Internal Revenue;
No. 217. Mishawaka Rubber and Woolen Manufacturing Com-
pany, petitioner, v. Panther-Panco Rubber Co., Inc.;
No. 230. Edwin Charles Beauchamp, petitioner, v. United States;
No. 267. The Bank of California National Association, Executor
of the Estate of Margaret Eyre Girvin, Deceased, petitioner, v. Com-
missioner of Internal Revenue;
No. 276. General Transportation Company, A. B. & C. Transpor-
tation Co., et al., appellants, v. United States and Interstate Com-
merce Commission;
No. 292. The Union Metal Manufacturing Company et al., peti-
tioners, v. Casper W. Ooms, Commissioner of Patents;
No. 300. Lillian B. Everett, petitioner, v. Wallis W. Downing;
No. 318. Louise McGrew Moffett and Louise McGrew Moffett, as
Executrix of the Estate of Thomas S. Moffett, Deceased, appellants,
v. Commerce Trust Company et al.;

TUESDAY, NOVEMBER 12, 1946
65
No. 321. John H. Chatz, Trustee in Bankruptcy of Howard Haber-
man, Doing Business as The Club Store, et al., petitioners, v. Armour
Plant Employees Credit Union; and
No. 322. John H. Chatz, Trustee in Bankruptcy of Howard Haber-
man, Doing Business as The Club Store, et al., petitioners, v. Andrew
A. Todd et al.;
No. 323. Joe W. Buice, petitioner, v. Colonel Howard S. Patterson
et al.;
No. 338. Max Kut, appellant, v. Bureau of Unemployment Com-
pensation of the State of Ohio, et al.;
No. 358. Suncook Valley Railroad, petitioner, v. Boston and Maine
Railroad;
No. 378. Roy Grant, Jr., Doing Business as No Sleet Windshield
Heater Company, petitioner, v. General Motors Corporation et al.;
No. 412. Louise Andrews, petitioner, v. A. C. Aderhold, Warden,
etc.; and
No. 479. Harry F. Hill, petitioner, v. Robert H. Hudspeth, Warden,
etc. The petitions for rehearing in these cases are denied.
No. 45, Misc. Richard O. Read, petitioner, v. Carle C. Zimmerman.
Motion denied.
No. 176. Bernard M. Shotkin, petitioner, v. Judges Superior
Court, Atlanta Circuit. The petition for rehearing is denied. The
application for the allowance of an appeal is also denied.
No. 232. Robert B. Blalack, petitioner, v. United States. The peti-
tion for rehearing is denied. The Chief Justice took no part in the
consideration or decision of this application.
No. 582. States Marine Corporation, petitioner, v. Joseph Mili-
tano. On petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of Ap-
peals for the Second Circuit. Dismissed on motion of counsel for the
petitioner.
No. 29. Lazarus Joseph, Comptroller of the City of New York,
et al., petitioners, v. Carter & Weekes Stevedoring Company; and
No. 30. Lazarus Joseph, Comptroller of the City of New York,
et al., petitioners, v. John T. Clark & Son. Reargued by Mr. Isaac
C. Donner for the petitioners and by Mr. Samuel M. Lane for the
respondents.
No. 32. The Order of United Commercial Travelers of America,
petitioner, v. Edward C. Wolfe. Reargued by Mr. E. W. Dillon for
the petitioner and by Mr. Hubbard F. Fellows for the respondent.
A

TUESDAY, NOVEMBER 12, 1946
66
No. 53. The United States of America, petitioner, v. Paul David
Sheridan. Argument commenced by Mr. Leon Ulman for the peti-
tioner and continued by Mr. John H. Pickering for the respondent.
Adjourned until tomorrow at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Wednesday, November 13, will be as follows: Nos.
53, 25, 47, 27, 28, 70 (and 71), 36, 48, 142, and 31.
Х
705009-46—17
1

WEDNESDAY, NOVEMBER 13, 1946
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
67
Present: Mr. Chief Justice Vinson, Mr. Justice Black, Mr. Justice
Reed, Mr. Justice Frankfurter, Mr. Justice Douglas, Mr. Justice
Murphy, Mr. Justice Jackson, Mr. Justice Rutledge, and Mr. Justice
Burton.
Roy Lee Ellis, of New York, N. Y., Benjamin F. Stahl, Jr., of
Philadelphia, Pa.; Robert Netty Ferrer, of Philadelphia, Pa.; John
Randolph Young, of Philadelphia, Pa.; Jack Wasserman, of New
York, N. Y.; George Moncharsh, of San Francisco, Calif.; Carl
A. Auerbach, of New York, N. Y.; and John Franklin Fort, of New
York, N. Y., were admitted to practice.
No. 53. The United States of America, petitioner, v. Paul David
Sheridan. Argument continued by Mr. John H. Pickering for the
respondent and concluded by Mr. Leon Ulman for the petitioner.
No. 25. Unemployment Compensation Commission of the Terri-
tory of Alaska et al., petitioners, v. Frank L. Aragan and Other
Applicants, Members of Alaska Cannery Workers Union Local No. 5,
et al. Reargued by Mr. Marshall P. Madison for the petitioners
and by Mr. Herbert Resner for the respondents.
No. 47. George E. Hickman, as Administrator of the Estate of
Norman E. Hickman, Deceased, petitioner, v. John M. Taylor and
George Anderson, Individually and Trading as Taylor & Anderson
Towing and Lighterage Company, et al. Argued by Mr. Abraham
E. Freedman for the petitioner, and by Mr. Samuel B. Fortenbaugh,
Jr. and Mr. William I. Radner for the respondents.
Adjourned until tomorrow at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Thursday, November 14, will be as follows: Nos.
27, 28, 70 (and 71), 36, 48, 142, 31, 33, 35, and 49.
☑
705009-46-
-18

THURSDAY, NOVEMBER 14, 1946
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
68
Present: Mr. Chief Justice Vinson, Mr. Justice Black, Mr. Justice
Reed, Mr. Justice Frankfurter, Mr. Justice Douglas, Mr. Justice
Murphy, Mr. Justice Jackson, Mr. Justice Rutledge, and Mr. Justice
Burton.
Marion B. Irland, of Kansas City, Mo.; William J. Stellman, of
Chicago, Ill.; David Rein, of New York, N. Y.; Herman A. Green-
berg, of Arlington, Va.; Hanselle Lindsay Hester, of Winston-Salem,
N. C.; Michael Emmett Culligan, of New Orleans, La.; C. Raymond
Salisbury, of Oakland, Calif.; Henry T. Taecker, Jr., of Skokie, Ill.;
and Thomas M. Cooley II, of Waterford, Va., were admitted to
practice.
No. 27. Bruce's Juices, Inc., petitioner, v. American Can Company.
Reargued by Mr. Thurman Arnold and Mr. Cody Fowler for the peti-
tioner and by Mr. John Lord O'Brian for the respondent.
No. 28. Alpine MacGregor, petitioner, v. Westinghouse Electric
& Manufacturing Company. Reargued by Mr. William B. Jaspert
for the petitioner and by Mr. Jo. Baily Brown for the respondent.
No. 70. Edward Katzinger Company, petitioner, v. Chicago Metal-
lic Mfg. Company; and
No. 71. Edward Katzinger Company, petitioner, v. Chicago Metal-
lic Mfg. Company. Argument commenced by Mr. Charles J. Merriam
for the petitioner.
Adjourned until tomorrow at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Friday, November 15, will be as follows: Nos. 70
(and 71), 36, 48, 142, 31, 33, 35, 51, 52, and 54.
☑
705009 4.6.
10

FRIDAY, NOVEMBER 15, 1946
69
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: Mr. Chief Justice Vinson, Mr. Justice Black, Mr. Justice
Reed, Mr. Justice Frankfurter, Mr. Justice Douglas, Mr. Justice
Murphy, Mr. Justice Jackson, Mr. Justice Rutledge, and Mr. Justice
Burton.
William H. Timbers, of New York, N. Y.; Richard G. McClung of
New York, N. Y.; Charles M. Spofford, of New York, N. Y.; Francis
Shackelford, of New York, N. Y.; Samuel Hazard Gillespie, Jr., of
New York, N. Y.; John E. Masten, of New York, N. Y.; Taggart
Whipple, of New York, N. Y.; Harcourt E. Campbell, of Washington,
D. C.; Edgar G. Crossman, of New York, N. Y.; Daniel Nelson Adams,
of New York, N. Y.; Charles Herbert Johnson, of Waterbury, Conn.;
Mortimer Bernard Miley, of St. Paul, Minn.; Abe Fribush, of Wash-
ington, D. C.; John Robert Lewis, Jr., of Cincinnati, Ohio; Austin T.
Stickells, of St. Louis, Mo.; Allen Monroe Jones, of Washington, D. C.;
L. O. Pecot, of Franklin, La.; and Thompson Kurrie, of Indianapolis,
Ind., were admitted to practice.
No. 70. Edward Katzinger Company, petitioner, v. Chicago Metal-
lic Mfg. Company; and
No. 71. Edward Katzinger Company, petitioner, v. Chicago Metal-
lic Mfg. Company. Argument continued by Mr. Charles J. Merriam
for the petitioner; by Mr. Max Zabel for the respondent; and con-
cluded by Mr. Charles J. Merriam for the petitioner.
No. 36. Harice LeRoy Carter, petitioner, v. The People of the
State of Illinois. Argued by Mr. Stephen A. Mitchell for the peti-
tioner and by Mr. William C. Wines for the respondent.
No. 48. Walter J. Rothensies, Individually and as United States
Collector, etc., petitioner, v. The Electric Storage Battery Company,
a Corporation. Argument commenced by Mr. Arnold Raum for the
petitioner.
Adjourned until Monday next at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Monday, November 18, will be as follows: Nos. 48,
142, 31, 33, 35, 51, 52, 54, 60, and 58 (and 59).
Х
705009-46-20

MONDAY, NOVEMBER 18, 1946
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
70
Present: Mr. Chief Justice Vinson, Mr. Justice Black, Mr. Justice
Reed, Mr. Justice Frankfurter, Mr. Justice Douglas, Mr. Justice
Murphy, Mr. Justice Jackson, Mr. Justice Rutledge, and Mr. Justice
Burton.
Alan G. Paine, of Spokane, Wash.; Eldon M. Wright, of North
Manchester, Ind.; D. Allen Pace, of Fort Worth, Tex.; Charles P.
McKeon, of New Orleans, La.; Jack Stewart Kempton, of Tucson,
Ariz.; Edward D. Gasson, of Alexandria, Va.; Henry E. Mills, of
New York, N. Y.; James Cunningham Murray, of Chicago, Ill.;
Miriam Olden Fendler, of Los Angeles, Calif.; Harold A. Fendler,
of Los Angeles, Calif.; Samuel A. Fried, of New York, N. Y.; and
John H. Grossman, of Caldwell, N. J., were admitted to practice.
No. 21. Champlin Refining Company, appellant, v. The United
States of America and Interstate Commerce Commission. Appeal
from the District Court of the United States for the Western Dis-
trict of Oklahoma. Decree affirmed. Opinion by Mr. Justice Jack-
son. Dissenting opinion by Mr. Justice Reed in which Mr. Justice
Frankfurter, Mr. Justice Douglas, and Mr. Justice Burton join.
No. 12. Heber Kimball Cleveland, petitioner, v. The United States
of America;
No. 13. Heber Kimball Cleveland, petitioner, v. The United States
of America;
No. 14. Heber Kimball Cleveland, petitioner, v. The United States
of America;
No. 15. David Brigham Darger, petitioner, v. The United States
of America;
No. 16. Vergel Y. Jessop, petitioner, v. The United States of
America;
No. 17. Theral Ray Dockstader, petitioner, v. The United States
of America;
No. 18. L. R. Stubbs, petitioner, v. The United States of America ;
and
No. 19. Follis Gardner Petty, petitioner, v. The United States of
America. On writs of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court
of Appeals for the Tenth Circuit. Judgments affirmed and cases re-
705009-46-21
A

MONDAY, NOVEMBER 18, 1946
71
manded to the District Court of the United States for the District of
Utah. Opinion by Mr. Justice Douglas. Dissenting: Mr. Justice
Black and Mr. Justice Jackson. Concurring opinion by Mr. Justice
Rutledge. Dissenting opinion by Mr. Justice Murphy.
No. 24. Halliburton Oil Well Cementing Company, petitioner, v.
Cranford P. Walker et al., Doing Business as Depthograph Company,
a Corporation. On writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit
Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit. Judgment reversed with
costs and case remanded to the District Court of the United States for
the Southern District of California for further proceedings in con-
formity with the opinion of this Court. Opinion by Mr. Justice
Black. Concurring: Mr. Justice Frankfurter. Dissenting: Mr. Jus-
tice Burton.
The Chief Justice announced the following order of the Court:
No. 645. The New York, Chicago and St. Louis Railroad Company,
appellant, v. Commonwealth of Pennsylvania; and
No. 646. The New York, Chicago and St. Louis Railroad Company,
appellant, v. The Commonwealth of Pennsylvania. Appeals from
the Supreme Court of the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania. Per
curiam: The motions to dismiss are granted and the appeals are dis-
missed for the want of a substantial federal question.
The Chief Justice said:
"The other orders of the Court appear upon the list certified by the
Chief Justice and filed with the Clerk and will not be announced
orally."
ORDER
It is ordered that Rule 2 of the Rules of this Court be amended by
adding the following paragraph:
"6. An attorney, barrister, or advocate who is qualified to practice
in the highest court of any foreign state which extends a like privilege
to members of the bar of this Court, may be specially admitted for
purposes limited to a particular case. He shall not, however, be
authorized to act as attorney of record. In the case of such applicants,
the oath shall not be required and there shall be no fee. Such admis-
sions shall be only on motion of a member of the bar of this Court,
notice of which signed by such member and reciting all relevant facts
shall be filed with the Clerk at least three days prior to the motion."
No. 58, Misc. Ex parte Bernard M. Shotkin, petitioner. The peti-
tions for appeal and certiorari are denied.

MONDAY, NOVEMBER 18, 1946
72
No. 60, Misc. Ex parte Alfred Johnson, petitioner. The motion
for leave to file petition for writ of mandamus is denied.
No. 59, Misc. Ex parte Guy Prather, petitioner ;
No. 61, Misc. Ex parte Billy Bernard Bledsoe, petitioner; and
No. 62, Misc. Ex parte Alonzo Williams, petitioner. The motions
for leave to file petitions for writs of habeas corpus are denied.
No. 9, Original. The State of Illinois, Complainant, v. The State
of Indiana et al. The Interim Report of the Special Master and his
Special Report as to Shell Oil Company and The Texas Company are
received and ordered filed. Exceptions and objections thereto, if
any, are to be filed on or before December 16, next.
No. 52. Arch R. Everson, appellant, v. Board of Education of the
Township of Ewing, In the County of Mercer, et al. The motion.
of E. Hilton Jackson for leave to appear and present oral argument
on behalf of Seventh Day Adventists and others as amici curiae is
denied.
No. 454. Joseph B. Fleming and Aaron Colnon, Trustees of the
Chicago, Rock Island and Pacific Railway Company, et al., peti-
tioners, v. John C. Traphagen et al. The motion of Otis F. Glenn for
leave to withdraw his appearance as counsel for the petitioner is
granted.
No. 453. The Penfield Company of California and A. W. Young,
petitioners, v. Securities and Exchange Commission. The petition for
writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of Appeals for the Ninth
Circuit is granted.
No. 316. M. T. McArthur, petitioner, v. William W. Faw et al.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Tennessee
denied.
No. 410. The Chicago, Rock Island and Pacific Railway Company,
petitioner, v. Joseph B. Fleming and Aaron Colnon as Trustees of the
Chicago, Rock Island and Pacific Railway Company, et al. Petition.
for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of Appeals for the Seventh
Circuit denied.
No. 524. Carter H. Harrison, Jr., et al., petitioners, v. Joseph B.
Fleming and Aaron Colnon, as Trustees of the Chicago, Rock Island
and Pacific Railway Company, et al. Petition for writ of certiorari
to the Circuit Court of Appeals for the Seventh Circuit denied.
No. 517. Leo Sanders, Sole Trader, Doing Business as Leo Sanders
Fuel Company, petitioner, v. The Oklahoma Tax Commission. Peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Oklahoma denied.
No. 573. Max N. Kohler, Individually and on Behalf of Others
Similarly Situated, petitioner, v. Mrs. Elizabeth McClellan Humphrey,
as Testamentary Executrix of Byron C. McClellan, Deceased, et al.

MONDAY, NOVEMBER 18, 1946
73
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of Appeals for the
Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 590. F. A. Gillespie and Sons Company, petitioner, v. Com-
missioner of Internal Revenue; and
No. 591. F. A. Gillespie and Sons Company, petitioner, v. Commis-
sioner of Internal Revenue. Petition for writs of certiorari to the
Circuit Court of Appeals for the Tenth Circuit denied.
No. 594. Charles P. Gotwals, petitioner, v. United States. Peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of Appeals for the
Tenth Circuit denied.
No. 607. Chicago Pneumatic Tool Company, a Corporation of New
Jersey, et al., petitioners, v. Hughes Tool Company. Petition for
writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of Appeals for the Third
Circuit denied.
No. 624. American Railroad Company of Puerto Rico, petitioner,
v. Antonio Torres Romero et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to
the Circuit Court of Appeals for the First Circuit denied.
No. 642. Texas Pacific Coal & Oil Company, petitioner, v. R. G.
Calcote et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of
Appeals for the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 487. Twin Falls Canal Company, a Corporation, petitioner,
v. Harold H. Johnson, North American Mortgage Company, a Mon-
tana Corporation, et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme
Court of Idaho denied.
No. 557. Thomas W. Lamont, petitioner, v. Commissioner of Inter-
nal Revenue. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of
Appeals for the Second Circuit denied.
No. 558. Stanley W. Taylor, petitioner, v. Paul A. Porter, Price
Administrator, Office of Price Administration. The motion to dis-
pense with the printing of the record is granted. The petition for
writ of certiorari to the United States Emergency Court of Appeals
is denied. The Chief Justice took no part in the consideration or
decision of these applications.
No. 476. Illinois Packing Company, a Corporation, petitioner, v.
Charles B. Henderson, Individually and as Acting Administrator of
the Office of Federal Loan Administrator, etc., et al. Petition for
writ of certiorari to the United States Emergency Court of Appeals
denied. The Chief Justice took no part in the consideration or deci-
sion of this application.
No. 566. William Howard Taft Jones, petitioner, v. The State of
Texas. On petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Criminal
Appeals, State of Texas;
1
'

MONDAY, NOVEMBER 18, 1946
74
No. 664. Martin Finn, petitioner, v. Joseph E. Ragen, Warden, etc.
On petition for writ of certiorari to the Criminal Court of Cook
County, State of Illinois;
No. 668. Logan Morris, petitioner, v. Joseph E. Ragen, Warden,
etc. On petition for writ of certiorari to the Criminal Court of Cook
County, State of Illinois; and
No. 669. William M. Evans, petitioner, v. Joseph E. Ragen,
Warden, etc. On petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court
of Illinois. The motions for leave to proceed in forma pauperis are
granted. The petitions for writs of certiorari are denied.
No. 804, October Term 1945. Kenneth W. Colegrove, Peter J.
Chamales and Kenneth C. Sears, appellants, v. Dwight H. Green, as
a Member, Ex-Officio of the Primary Certifying Board of the State
of Illinois, et al. The motion for reargument before the full bench
is denied. The Chief Justice and Mr. Justice Jackson took no part
in the consideration or decision of this application.
No. 2, Misc. Chester Slivensky, petitioner, v. People of the State
of New Jersey;
No. 218. Frederic F. Wolter, petitioner, v. Safeway Stores, Inc.;
No. 282. Clarence C. Mason, petitioner, v. State of New York; and
No. 449. The Order of Railroad Telegraphers, an Unincorporated
Association, et al., petitioners, v. New Orleans, Texas & Mexico Rail-
way Company et al. The petitions for rehearing in these cases are
denied.
The Court will take a recess from Monday, November 25, until
Monday, December 9, next.
No. 48. Walter J. Rothensies, Individually and as United States
Collector of Internal Revenue for the First District of Pennsylvania,
petitioner, v. The Electric Storage Battery Company, a Corporation.
Argument concluded by Mr. Laurence H. Eldredge for the respondent.
No. 142. State of Louisiana ex rel. Willie Francis, petitioner, v.
E. L. Resweber, Sheriff of the Parish of St. Martin, Louisiana, et al.
Argued by Mr. James Skelly Wright for the petitioner and by Mr.
Michael E. Culligan and Mr. L. O. Pecot for the respondents.
No. 31. Dr. Furman Angel, petitioner, v. W. H. Bullington. Re-
argument commenced by Mr. George Lyle Jones for the petitioner and
continued by Mr. R. Roy Rush for the respondent.
Adjourned until tomorrow at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Tuesday, November 19, will be as follows: Nos.
31, 33, 35, 51, 52, 54, 60, 58 (and 59), 49, and 65.
☑
1
i
:

TUESDAY, NOVEMBER 19, 1946
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
75
Present: Mr. Chief Justice Vinson, Mr. Justice Black, Mr. Justice
Reed, Mr. Justice Frankfurter, Mr. Justice Douglas, Mr. Justice
Murphy, Mr. Justice Jackson, Mr. Justice Rutledge, and Mr. Justice
Burton.
Jerome W. Shay, of Frankfort, Ind.; James Caleb Boggs, of Wil-
mington, Del.; John J. Adams, of Cleveland, Ohio; Mark A. Loof-
bourrow, of Cleveland, Ohio; Frank D. James, Jr., of Seattle, Wash.;
Frances Lopinsky, of Charleston, W. Va.; Philip Travis, of Wash-
ington, D. C.; Robert J. Trace, of Harrisburg, Pa.; and Loren H.
Laughlin, of Lincoln, Nebr., were admitted to practice.
No. 31. Dr. Furman Angel, petitioner, v. W. H. Bullington. Re-
argument continued by Mr. R. Roy Rush for the respondent and con-
cluded by Mr. George Lyle Jones for the petitioner.
No. 33. Murray Winters, appellant, v. The People of the State of
New York. Reargued by Mr. Arthur N. Seiff and Mr. Emanuel Red-
field for the appellant and by Mr. Whitman Knapp for the appellee.
No. 35. People of the State of Illinois, ex rel. Robert L. Gordon,
Director of Labor, petitioner, v. Nigal D. Campbell, Collector of In-
ternal Revenue. Reargued by Mr. Albert E. Hallett for the petitioner
and by Mr. J. Louis Monarch for the respondent.
No. 51. Ferdinand Fiswick, Jacob F. Mayer, and Fritz Gustav
Rudolph, petitioners, v. The United States of America. Argument
commenced by Mr. Frederic M. P. Pearse for the petitioners.
Adjourned until tomorrow at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Wednesday, November 20, will be as follows:
Nos. 51, 52, 54, 60, 58 (and 59), 49, 65, 66, and 67.
☑
.
'
U. S. GOVERNMENT PRINTING OFFICE: 1946
705009-46-22

WEDNESDAY, NOVEMBER 20, 1946
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
76
Present: Mr. Chief Justice Vinson, Mr. Justice Black, Mr. Justice
Reed, Mr. Justice Frankfurter, Mr. Justice Douglas, Mr. Justice
Murphy, Mr. Justice Jackson, Mr. Justice Rutledge, and Mr. Justice
Burton.
Albert McCay, of Palmyra, N. J.; John Markley Scanlon, of Wash-
ington, D. C.; Roger R. Clisham, of New York, N. Y.; Frank Thomas
Miller, Jr., of Greensboro, N. C.; Claude C. Pierce, Jr., of New York,
N. Y.; Oscar Leak Tyree, of Winston-Salem, N. C.; Wyckoff Westover,
of Los Angeles, Calif.; Florence M. Middelkamp, of Kansas City,
Mo.; Clair L. Kintz, of Washington, D. C; Marion R. Garstang, of
Linn, Mo.; and W. R. Sheeley, of Dadeville, Ala., were admitted
to practice.
No. 51. Ferdinand Fiswick, Jacob F. Mayer, and Fritz Gustav
Rudolph, petitioners, v. The United States of America. Argument
continued by Mr. Frederic M. P. Pearse for the petitioners and con-
cluded by Mr. Leon Ulman for the respondent.
No. 52. Arch R. Everson, appellant, v. Board of Education of the
Township of Ewing, In the County of Mercer, et al. Argued by Mr.
Edward R. Burke and Mr. E. Hilton Jackson for the appellant and
by Mr. William H. Speer for the appellees.
No. 54. The United States of America, petitioner, v. Joseph
Ruzicka and Charles Ruzicka, Individually and as Co-partners Trad-
ing as Seeley Dairy. Argument commenced by Mr. Acting Solicitor
General Washington for the petitioner.
Adjourned until tomorrow at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Thursday, November 21, will be as follows: Nos.
54, 60, 58 (and 59), 49, 65, and 67.
☑
705009-46-
-23

THURSDAY, NOVEMBER 21, 1946
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
77
Present: Mr. Chief Justice Vinson, Mr. Justice Black, Mr. Justice
Reed, Mr. Justice Frankfurter, Mr. Justice Douglas, Mr. Justice
Murphy, Mr. Justice Jackson, Mr. Justice Rutledge, and Mr. Justice
Burton.
Russell F. O'Hara, of Vallejo, Calif.; David S. Pattullo, of Port-
land, Oreg.; Harold L. Kennedy, of Washington, D. C.; Gerald Willis
Myers, of Los Angeles, Calif.; Paul A. F. Warnholtz, of Chicago, Ill.;
Wm. Wayne Oliver, of Maryville, Tenn.; Walker Allen Jensen, of
Winnetka, Ill.; Charles W. Stadell, of Chicago, Ill.; and Archie R.
Boyack, of Cheyenne, Wyo., were admitted to practice.
No. 54. The United States of America, petitioner, v. Joseph Ru-
zicka and Charles Ruzicka, Individually and as Co-Partners Trading
as Seeley Dairy. Argument continued by Mr. Acting Solicitor Gen-
eral Washington for the petitioner and concluded by Mr. William
Parker Ward for the respondents.
No. 60. National Labor Relations Board, petitioner, v. A. J. Tower
Company. Argued by Mr. Gerhard P. Van Arkel for the petitioner
and by Mr. John T. Noonan for the respondent.
No. 58. Major General W. W. Eagles, Post Commanding Officer,
Fort Dix, New Jersey, petitioner, v. United States ex rel. Harry Horo-
witz; and
No. 59. Major General W. W. Eagles, Post Commanding Officer,
Fort Dix, New Jersey, petitioner, v. United States ex rel. Jacob S.
Samuels. Argued by Mr. Irving S. Shapiro for the petitioner and by
Mr. Meyer Kreeger for the respondents.
No. 49. Hans Max Haupt, petitioner, v. The United States of
America. Argument commenced by Mr. Paul A. F. Warnholtz for
the petitioner.
Adjourned until tomorrow at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Friday, November 22, will be as follows: Nos. 49,
65, and 67.
☑
705009-46- 24
t

FRIDAY, NOVEMBER 22, 1946
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
78
Present: Mr. Chief Justice Vinson, Mr. Justice Black, Mr. Justice
Reed, Mr. Justice Frankfurter, Mr. Justice Douglas, Mr. Justice
Murphy, Mr. Justice Jackson, Mr. Justice Rutledge, and Mr. Justice
Burton.
Harry M. Edelstein, of Washington, D. C.; Hope Robbins Hooe,
of Chicago, Ill.; William R. Talley, of San Francisco, Calif.; Bernard
D. Craig, of Kansas City, Mo.; L. Alward White, of Amarillo, Tex.;
Pauline G. Evansha, of Hazleton, Pa.; and Charles H. Ferguson, of
Tampa, Fla., were admitted to practice.
No. 49. Hans Max Haupt, petitioner, v. The United States of
America. Argument continued by Mr. Paul A. F. Warnholtz for the
petitioner and concluded by Mr. Frederick Bernays Wiener for the
respondent. Leave granted petitioner to file a brief by December 2,
next.
No. 65. Federal Communications Commission, petitioner, v.
WOKO, Incorporated. Argued by Mr. Harry M. Plotkin for the peti-
tioner and by Mr. William J. Dempsey for the respondent.
No. 67. The United States of America, petitioner. v. Louis Bruno.
Argued by Mr. Stanley N. Silverberg for the petitioner and by Mr.
George R. Sommer for the respondent.
Adjourned until Monday, November 25, next, at 12 o'clock.
☑
705009-46-25

MONDAY, NOVEMBER 25, 1946
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
79
Present: Mr. Chief Justice Vinson, Mr. Justice Black, Mr. Justice
Reed, Mr. Justice Frankfurter, Mr. Justice Douglas, Mr. Justice
Murphy, Mr. Justice Jackson, Mr. Justice Rutledge, and Mr. Justice
Burton.
John C. Howard, of Kalamazoo, Mich.; Edward Sanford Ronan,
Jr., of New York, N. Y.; Emanuel Eschwege, of New York, N. Y.;
Edwin B. Patterson, of Arlington, Va.; Paul Stickler, of Chicago,
Ill.; Lester E. Denonn, of New York, N. Y.; R. M. Arnold, of Colum-
bus, Ga.; Lyle L. Iversen, of Seattle, Wash.; Perris S. Jensen, of Salt
Lake City, Utah; John L. Laskey, of Washington, D. C.; and
Laurance W. Brooks, of Baton Rouge, La., were admitted to practice.
No. 4. American Power & Light Company, petitioner, v. Securities
and Exchange Commission; and
No. 5. Electric Power & Light Corporation, petitioner, v. Securities
and Exchange Commission. On writs of certiorari to the United
States Circuit Court of Appeals for the First Circuit. Judgments
affirmed and cases remanded to the United States Circuit Court of
Appeals for the First Circuit. Opinion by Mr. Justice Murphy.
Mr. Justice Frankfurter agrees with the opinion except as noted by
him. Mr. Justice Reed, Mr. Justice Douglas, and Mr. Justice Jackson
took no part in the consideration or decision of these cases. Con-
curring opinion by Mr. Justice Rutledge.
No. 46. Richfield Oil Corporation, appellant, v. State Board of
Equalization. Appeal from the Supreme Court of the State of
California. Judgment reversed with costs and case remanded to the
Supreme Court for further proceedings not inconsistent with the
opinion of this Court. Opinion by Mr. Justice Douglas. Mr. Justice
Murphy took no part in the consideration or decision of this case.
Dissenting opinion by Mr. Justice Black.
No. 50. The United States, petitioner, v. The Howard P. Foley
Company, Inc. On writ of certiorari to the Court of Claims. Judg-
ment reversed and case remanded for further proceedings in con-
formity with the opinion of this Court. Opinion by Mr. Justice
Black. Dissenting: Mr. Justice Reed, Mr. Justice Frankfurter, and
Mr. Justice Jackson.
705009-46-26

MONDAY, NOVEMBER 25, 1946
80
60
No. 26. The United States, petitioner, v. Alcea Band of Tillamooks
et al. On writ of certiorari to the Court of Claims. Judgment af-
firmed. The Chief Justice announced the judgment of the Court and
delivered an opinion in which Mr. Justice Frankfurter, Mr. Justice
Douglas, and Mr. Justice Murphy join. Mr. Justice Jackson took no
part in the consideration or decision of this case. Concurring opinion
by Mr. Justice Black. Dissenting opinion by Mr. Justice Reed in
which Mr. Justice Rutledge and Mr. Justice Burton join.
The Chief Justice announced the following order of the Court:
No. 670. Motorists Mutual Insurance Company, appellant, v.
Harry Hendershot, Administrator of the Estate of Anna L. Hender-
shot, Deceased. Appeal from the Supreme Court of Ohio. Per
curiam: The motion to dismiss is granted and the appeal is dismissed
for the want of a substantial federal question.
The Chief Justice said:
"The other orders of the Court appear upon the list certified by the
Chief Justice and filed with the Clerk and will not be announced
orally."
No. 64, Misc. Ex parte LeRoy James Jeffries, petitioner. The mo-
tion for leave to file petition for writ of habeas corpus is denied.
No. 65, Misc. Ex parte John Wilson, petitioner. The motion for
leave to file petition for writ of habeas corpus and petition for ancil-
lary writ of certiorari are denied.
No. 66, Misc. Ex parte William Mitchell, petitioner. The applica-
tion is denied.
No. 320. Newton W. Ellis, petitioner, v. Union Pacific Railroad
Company. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of
Nebraska granted and case transferred to the summary docket.
No. 609. Charles A. Dana, Sir James Dunn, John W. Hubbard,
et al., etc., petitioners, v. J. Donald Duncan, as Trustee, et al.; and
No. 610. Equitable Office Building 1913 Co., Inc., petitioner, v. J.
Donald Duncan, as Trustee, et al. On petitions for writs of certiorari
to the Circuit Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit. So much
of the respective petitions for certiorari in these cases as asks for a
writ to review the order of the United States District Court for the
Southern District of New York is denied.
No. 589. The Ebling Brewing Co., Inc., petitioner, v. Paul A.
Porter, Price Administrator. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
United States Emergency Court of Appeals denied.
A

MONDAY, NOVEMBER 25, 1946
81
No. 605. Wilmot W. Trew, petitioner, v. Dan E. Garvey, as Secre-
tary of State of the State of Arizona. Petition for writ of certiorari
to the Supreme Court of Arizona denied.
No. 608. Richard A. Kent, petitioner, v. United States. Petition
for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of Appeals for the Fifth
Circuit denied.
No. 613. Granada Apartments Hotel Corporation, petitioner, v.
City National Bank and Trust Company of Chicago, Individually
and as Successor Trustee. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit
Court of Appeals for the Seventh Circuit denied.
No. 617. Estate of Walter C. Burr, Deceased, Jerome P. Burr and
Clinton S. Burr, Executors, petitioners, v. Commissioner of Internal
Revenue. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of
Appeals for the Second Circuit denied.
No. 635. McCrady Construction Co., petitioner, v. L. Metcalfe
Walling, Administrator of the Wage and Hour Division, United
States Department of Labor. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
Circuit Court of Appeals for the Third Circuit denied.
No. 655. Archie Finch and Nancy Finch, petitioners, v. People of
the State of Illinois. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme
Court of Illinois denied.
No. 502. People of the State of New York ex rel. Paul Lutz, peti-
tioner, v. Walter B. Martin, M. D., as Warden, etc. On petition for
writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court, Appellate Division, State of
New York;
No. 665. Otis Myers, petitioner, v. Joseph E. Ragen, Warden, etc.
On petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of Will County,
State of Illinois;
No. 671. William Dawsett, petitioner, v. Gerald F. Bush, Warden,
etc. On petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Mich-
igan;
No. 683. Frank Green, petitioner, v. People of the State of Illinois.
On petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Illinois;
No. 684. Arthur S. Newman, petitioner, v. Joseph E. Ragen,
Warden, etc. On petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court
of Bond County, State of Illinois;
No. 685. Everett Ross, petitioner, v. Joseph E. Ragen, Warden, etc.
On petition for writ of certiorari to the Criminal Court of Rock Is-
land County, State of Illinois;
No. 686. John Sheets, petitioner, v. Joseph E. Ragen, Warden, etc.
On petition for writ of certiorari to the Criminal Court of Cook
County, State of Illinois;
A
"

MONDAY, NOVEMBER 25, 1946
82
No. 691. Henry Wofford, petitioner, v. Joseph E. Ragen, Warden,
etc. On petition for writ of certiorari to the Criminal Court of Cook
County, State of Illinois; and
No. 692. Joseph Maciong, petitioner, v. Joseph E. Ragen, Warden,
etc. On petition for writ of certiorari to the Criminal Court of Cook
County, State of Illinois. The motions for leave to proceed in forma
pauperis are granted. The petitions for writs of certiorari are denied.
No. 165. George W. Peeler, petitioner, v. Mrs. Essie Cook Caver
Peeler;
No. 484. Millard C. Baker, Isadore Walter Kahn, Benjamin L.
Levy, et al., petitioners, v. United States;
No. 485. Nathan Silverman, petitioner, v. United States;
No. 486. Rubein V. Johnson, petitioner, v. United States;
No. 501. The Okonite Company, petitioner, v. Commissioner of
Internal Revenue;
No. 531. Earl P. Cook, appellant, v. Ben W. Fortson, Jr., as Secre-
tary of State of Georgia, et al.; and
No. 532. Mrs. Robert Lee Turman and Cullen B. Gosnell, appel-
lants, v. J. Lon Duckworth, as Chairman of the Georgia State Demo-
cratic Executive Committee, et al. The petitions for rehearing in these
cases are denied.
Adjourned until Monday, December 9, next, at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Monday, December 9, will be as follows: Nos. 61,
62, 63 (and 64), 66, 68, 69, 514, 75, 34, and 77 (and 78).
உ
j
1

MONDAY, DECEMBER 9, 1946
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
83
"
Present: Mr. Chief Justice Vinson, Mr. Justice Black, Mr. Justice
Reed, Mr. Justice Frankfurter, Mr. Justice Douglas, Mr. Justice
Murphy, Mr. Justice Jackson, Mr. Justice Rutledge, and Mr. Justice
Burton.
Marion E. Caswell, of Superior, Wis.; Elmer Ware Stahl, of San
Antonio, Tex.; Milton R. Schlesinger, of Cleveland, Ohio; Harry E.
Wilmarth, of Cedar Rapids, Iowa; Clyde Lawson Walker, of Port-
land, Oreg.; Ray H. Overacker, of Huntington Beach, Calif.; Hugh
D. Wise, Jr., of Washington, D. C.; Charles H. Rutherford, Jr., of
Nashville, Tenn.; John Charles Henderson, of Oakland, Calif.;
Harold E. Andrews, Jr., of Ashland, Ohio; Raymond Lawrence
Sullivan, of San Francisco, Calif.; Ray R. Murdock, of Washing-
ton, D. C.; Hugh B. Dudley, of West Palm Beach, Fla.; Charles
Frederick Meyers, of Chicago, Ill.; Raymond G. Real, of Chicago,
Ill.; Harold Laurence Lipton, of New York, N. Y.; Frederick C.
Vonhof, of Newark, N. J.; Hunter L. Johnson, Jr., of Tulsa, Okla.;
John Thomas Daly, of Great Neck, N. Y.; Charles W. Burkett, Jr.,
of San Francisco, Calif.; and Victor S. Johnson, Jr., of Chicago,
Ill., were admitted to practice.
No. 40. The United States of America, petitioner, v. Iska W. Car-
mack. On writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of
Appeals for the Eighth Circuit. Judgment reversed and case re-
manded to the District Court of the United States for the Eastern
District of Missouri for further proceedings in conformity with the
opinion of this Court. Opinion by Mr. Justice Burton. Mr. Justice
Douglas concurs in the result and substantially agrees with the opinion
of the Court.
No. 65. Federal Communications Commission, petitioner, v.
WOKO, Incorporated. On writ of certiorari to the United States
Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia. Judgment reversed
and case remanded to the Court of Appeals with direction to remand
to the Federal Communications Commission. Opinion by Mr. Justice
Jackson. Mr. Justice Black took no part in the consideration or
decision of this case.
No. 37. Edna W. Ballard and Donald Ballard, petitioners, v. The
United States of America. On writ of certiorari to the United States
Circuit Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit. Judgment reversed
705009-46-27
$
-
1

க்ளி
MONDAY, DECEMBER 9, 1946
84
and case remanded to the District Court of the United States for the
Southern District of California for proceedings in conformity with
the opinion of this Court. Opinion by Mr. Justice Douglas. Opinion
by Mr. Justice Jackson concurring in the result. Separate opinion
by Mr. Justice Frankfurter in which the Chief Justice, Mr. Justice
Jackson, and Mr. Justice Burton join. Dissenting opinion by Mr.
Justice Burton in which the Chief Justice and Mr. Justice Frankfur-
ter join. Mr. Justice Jackson joins in the opinion of Mr. Justice
Burton except insofar as the final paragraph relates to an affirmance
of the convictions.
No. 67. The United States of America, petitioner, v. Louis Bruno.
On writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for
the Third Circuit. Judgment reversed and case remanded to the Dis-
trict Court of the United States for the District of New Jersey for
further proceedings in conformity with the opinion of this Court.
Opinion by Mr. Justice Douglas.
No. 51. Ferdinand Fiswick, Jacob F. Mayer, and Fritz Gustav
Rudolph, petitioners, v. The United States of America. On writ of
certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Third
Circuit. Judgment reversed and case remanded to the District Court
of the United States for the District of New Jersey for further pro-
ceedings in conformity with the opinion of this Court. Opinion by
Mr. Justice Douglas.
No. 36. Harice LeRoy Carter, petitioner, v. The People of the State
of Illinois. On writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Illinois.
Judgment of Supreme Court of Illinois affirmed. Opinion by Mr.
Justice Frankfurter. Dissenting opinion by Mr. Justice Douglas in
which Mr. Justice Black and Mr. Justice Rutledge concur. Dissent-
ing opinion by Mr. Justice Murphy.
No. 42. Vanston Bondholders Protective Committee, petitioner, v.
Louis A. Green and Robert Heilbrunn, Known in These Proceedings
as The Green Committee and Morris Green;
No. 43. Vanston Bondholders Protective Committee, petitioner, v.
Carl B. Early, Daniel Matthews, Thomas Matthews, et al.;
No. 44. Vanhorn Bondholders Protective Committee, petitioner, v.
Louis A. Green and Robert Heilbrunn, Known in These Proceedings
as The Green Committee and Morris Green; and
No. 45. Vanhorn Bondholders Protective Committee, petitioner, v.
Carl B. Early, Daniel Matthews, Thomas Matthews, et al. On writs
of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the
Sixth Circuit. Judgments affirmed with costs and cases remanded to
the District Court of the United States for the Eastern District of
Kentucky. Opinion by Mr. Justice Black. Mr. Justice Reed took
no part in the consideration or decision of these cases. Concurring
opinion by Mr. Justice Frankfurter in which Mr. Justice Jackson

MONDAY, DECEMBER 9, 1946
85
joins. Mr. Justice Burton having concurred in the opinion of the
Court also joins in the opinion of Mr. Justice Frankfurter.
No. 11. Alma Motor Company, petitioner, v. The Timken-Detroit
Axle Company and the United States of America. On writ of cer-
tiorari to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Third
Circuit. Judgment of Circuit Court of Appeals vacated without costs
and case remanded to the Circuit Court of Appeals for further pro-
ceedings in conformity with the opinion of this Court. Opinion by
Mr. Chief Justice Vinson.
No. 25. Unemployment Compensation Commission of the Terri-
tory of Alaska, Noble Dick, R. E. Hardcastle, et al., etc., petitioners,
v. Frank L. Aragon and Other Applicants, Members of Alaska Can-
nery Workers Union Local No. 5, et al. On writ of certiorari to the
United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit. Judg-
ment of Circuit Court of Appeals affirmed in part and reversed in
part and case remanded to the District Court of the United States
for the Territory of Alaska with instructions to remand to the Un-
employment Compensation Commission of the Territory of Alaska.
for further proceedings pursuant to the opinion of this Court.
Opinion by Mr. Chief Justice Vinson.
The Chief Justice announced the following orders of the Court:
No. 681. W. H. Tompkins Company, Now Tompkins Motor Lines,
Inc., appellant, v. The United States of America and Interstate Com-
merce Commission. Appeal from the District Court of the United
States for the Middle District of Tennessee. Per curiam: The motion
to affirm is granted and the judgment is affirmed. United States v.
Carolina Freight Carriers Corporation, 315 U. S. 475. Mr. Justice
Black, Mr. Justice Reed, and Mr. Justice Douglas are of the opinion
that probable jurisdiction should be noted.
No. 368. The Sioux Tribe of Indians, petitioner, v. The United
States. On petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Claims. Per
curiam: The petition for rehearing is granted. The order entered
October 21, 1946, denying certiorari is vacated and the petition for
writ of certiorari is granted. The judgment is vacated and the case is
remanded to the Court of Claims in order to enable that court to de-
termine whether the Act of August 13, 1946, gives rise to any claims.
which petitioners may assert to affect the judgment heretofore entered
in this cause, as to which this Court means to intimate no opinion.
The Chief Justice said:
"The other orders of the Court appear upon the list certified by the
Chief Justice and filed with the Clerk and will not be announced
orally."

MONDAY, DECEMBER 9, 1946
No. 67, Misc. Ex parte Frank Smith, petitioner;
No. 69, Misc. Ex parte Joseph Greco, petitioner; and
86
No. 72, Misc. Ex parte Otis Myers, petitioner. The motions for
leave to file petitions for writs of habeas corpus are denied.
No. 68, Misc. Ex parte Lawrence DeCloux, petitioner;
No. 70, Misc. Ex parte L. P. Glass, petitioner; and
No. 73, Misc. Ex parte William M. Lee, petitioner. The applica-
tions are denied.
No. 71, Misc. Ex parte Francis Haines, petitioner. The motion for
an injunction is denied.
No. 682. Paul A. Porter, Administrator, Office of Price Adminis-
tration, appellant, v. Dusty Rhodes, Sheriff, Tarrant County, Texas,
et al. In this case probable jurisdiction is noted.
No. 687. John H. Fahey and A. V. Ammann, Individually and Re-
spectively as Federal Loan Bank Commissioner and Conservator for
the Long Beach Federal Savings and Loan Association, appellants, v.
Paul Mallonee et al. In this case probable jurisdiction is noted. The
motion to vacate the stay order presented to Mr. Justice Rutledge
and by him referred to the Court, is denied.
No. 606. The United States of America, petitioner, v. Samuel
Bayer, Elias Bayer, and Walter V. Radovich. Petition for writ of
certiorari to the Circuit Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit
granted.
No. 626. James E. Markham, Alien Property Custodian, peti-
tioner, v. Alvina Allen, Gertrude Dinwiddie, Hilda Pigozzi, et al.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of Appeals for the
Ninth Circuit granted.
No. 658. Packard Motor Car Company, petitioner, v. National
Labor Relations Board. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit
Court of Appeals for the Sixth Circuit granted.
No. 593. Francis R. Cope, Jr., petitioner, v. A. M. Anderson, Re-
ceiver of the National Bank of Kentucky. Petition for writ of
certiorari to the Circuit Court of Appeals for the Third Circuit
granted and case transferred to the summary docket. The Chief
Justice took no part in the consideration or decision of this application.
No. 656. A. M. Anderson, Receiver of the National Bank of Ken-
tucky, Louisville, Kentucky, petitioner, v. Lawrence S. Helmers et al.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of Appeals for the
Sixth Circuit granted. The case is transferred to the summary docket
and assigned for argument immediately following No. 593. The
Chief Justice took no part in the consideration or decision of this
application.

MONDAY, DECEMBER 9, 1946
87
No. 759. The United States of America, petitioner, v. United Mine
Workers of America, an Unincorporated Association; and
No. 760. The United States of America, petitioner, v. John L.
Lewis, Individually and as President of the United Mine Workers of
America. Petition for writs of certiorari to the United States Court
of Appeals for the District of Columbia granted and the cases are as-
signed for argument on Tuesday, January 14, next.
No. 497. 149 Madison Avenue Corp. and Williams & Co., Inc., pe-
titioners, v. Frank Asselta, Camilo Del Rio, Joseph McArdle, et al.
On petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of Appeals
for the Second Circuit. The petition for rehearing is granted. The
order entered October 28, 1946, denying certiorari is vacated and the
petition for writ of certiorari is granted. The case is transferred to
the summary docket and assigned for argument immediately follow-
ing No. 564, which case is assigned for argument immediately follow-
ing No. 74.
No. 586. Werner Reimann, petitioner, v. Tom C. Clark, Attorney
General of the United States;
No. 587. Citizens Protective League et al., petitioners, v. Tom C.
Clark, Attorney General of the United States; and
No. 588. Citizens Protective League et al., petitioners, v. Tom C.
Clark, Attorney General of the United States. Petition for writs of
certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the District of
Columbia denied.
No. 619. Grandview Dairy, Inc., petitioner, v. Marvin Jones, War
Food Administrator, and Claude R. Wickard, Secretary of Agricul-
ture of the United States. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit
Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit denied.
No. 632. Triumph Explosives, Inc., Formerly Known and Sued
Herein as Triumph Fusee and Fireworks Company, Ltd., petitioner, v.
Oscar Giusti. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of
Appeals for the Ninth Circuit denied.
No. 633. Superior Packing Company, petitioner, v. Paul A. Porter,
Administrator, Office of Price Administration. Petition for writ of
certiorari to the Circuit Court of Appeals for the Eighth Circuit
denied.
No. 640. Bailey Farm Dairy Company et al., petitioners, v. Clinton
P. Anderson, Secretary of Agriculture. Petition for writ of certio-
rari to the Circuit Court of Appeals for the Eighth Circuit denied.
No. 641. Louisville Provision Company, petitioner, v. Commis-
sioner of Internal Revenue. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
Circuit Court of Appeals for the Sixth Circuit denied.
'
i
ㅏ

MONDAY, DECEMBER 9, 1946
88
No. 651. Morris Investment Corporation, petitioner, v. Commis-
sioner of Internal Revenue. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
Circuit Court of Appeals for the Third Circuit denied.
No. 663. Wilson & Co., Inc., et al., petitioners, v. National Labor
Relations Board. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court
of Appeals for the Tenth Circuit denied.
No. 548. A. J. Zayatz, petitioner, v. Southern Railway Company.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Alabama.
denied. Mr. Justice Black is of the opinion that the petition should
be granted.
No. 376. Wilbur Paul Patterson, petitioner, v. The State of Florida.
On petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Florida;
No. 465. Willie Davis, petitioner, v. W. Frank Smyth, Jr., Superin-
tendent of the Virginia State Penitentiary. On petition for writ of
certiorari to the Supreme Court of Appeals of the Commonwealth of
Virginia;
No. 506. Joseph W. Reilly, petitioner, v. Michael J. Pescor,
Warden, etc. On petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of
Appeals for the Eight Circuit;
No. 657. Louise Peete, petitioner, v. The People of the State of
California. On petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court
of California;
No. 666. Arthur Richardson, petitioner, v. The People of the State
of New York. On petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court,
Richmond County, State of New York;
No. 667. Lawrence H. Thomas, petitioner, v. Joseph E. Ragen,
Warden, etc. On petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of
Rock Island County, State of Illinois;
No. 698. Harlen Broyles, petitioner, v. The State of Oklahoma.
On petition for writ of certiorari to the Criminal Court of Appeals,
State of Oklahoma;
No. 701. Wesley O. Cross, petitioner, v. Gerald F. Bush, Warden,
etc. On petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Michi-
gan;
No. 709. James W. Ross, petitioner, v. Walter Nierstheimer,
Warden, etc. On petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court
of Illinois;
No. 713. Michael Prokop, petitioner, v. Joseph E. Ragen, Warden,
etc. On petition for writ of certiorari to the Criminal Court of Cook
County, State of Illinois;
No. 714. Henry L. Wilson, petitioner, v. Joseph E. Ragen, Warden,
etc. On petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Illi-
nois; and
阴

MONDAY, DECEMBER 9, 1946
89
No. 716. James Paul Abbott, petitioner, v. Pennsylvania Board of
Parole. On petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of
the Commonwealth of Pennslyvania. The motions for leave to pro-
ceed in forma pauperis are granted. The petitions for writs of cer-
tiorari are denied.
No. 334. Frank Stuart Fowler, petitioner, v. Howard B. Gill, Gen-
eral Superintendent, D. C. Penal Institutions. The motion for leave
to proceed in forma pauperis is granted. The motions for a restrain-
ing order, for joinder of party respondent, and to strike respondent's
memorandum are denied. The petition for writ of certiorari to the
United States Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia is
denied.
No. 57, Misc. Ex parte Edmond C. Fletcher, petitioner. The peti-
tion for rehearing is denied. The Chief Justice and Mr. Justice
Rutledge took no part in the consideration or decision of this ap-
plication.
No. 880, October Term, 1945. Harry J. Alker, Jr., and Mamie Du
Ban, Individually and as Executrix of the Estate of Alfred A. Du
Ban, Deceased, petitioners, v. Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation.
The motion for leave to file a fifth petition for rehearing is denied.
The Chief Justice and Mr. Justice Jackson took no part in the con-
sideration or decision of this application.
No. 176. Bernard M. Shotkin, petitioner, v. Judges Superior Court,
Atlanta Circuit. The motion for leave to file a second petition for
rehearing is denied.
No. 299. Frank Palumbo, petitioner, v. J. Vernel Jackson,
Warden, etc.;
No. 642. Texas Pacific Coal & Oil Company, petitioner, v. R. G.
Calcote et al.; and
No. 659. William Bishop Donnell, petitioner, v. Ben B. Stewart,
Acting Warden, etc. The petitions for rehearing are denied.
No. 61. The United States of America and Interstate Commerce
Commission, appellants, v. Seatrain Lines, Inc. Argued by Mr.
Edward M. Reidy for the appellants and by Mr. Wilbur LaRoe, Jr.,
for the appellee.
No. 62. Charles B. Morris, appellant, v. Paul F. Jones, Director of
Insurance of the State of Illinois. Argument commenced by Mr.
Ford W. Thompson for the appellant.
Adjourned until tomorrow at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Tuesday, December 10, will be as follows: Nos. 62,
66, 63 (and 64), 68, 69, 514, 75, 34, 77 (and 78), and 80.
☑

TUESDAY, DECEMBER 10, 1946
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
90
Present: Mr. Chief Justice Vinson, Mr. Justice Black, Mr. Justice
Reed, Mr. Justice Frankfurter, Mr. Justice Douglas, Mr. Justice
Murphy, Mr. Justice Jackson, Mr. Justice Rutledge, and Mr. Justice
Burton.
Roger C. Slaughter, of Kansas City, Mo.; Howard Worth Smith,
Jr., of Alexandria, Va.; Lawrence E. Williams, of Washington, D. C.;
Joseph Leon Nellis, of Washington, D. C.; Walter Ervin James, of
Montgomery, Ala.; Gordan P. Eckman, of Denver, Colo.; Clay M.
Ryan, of Lancaster, Pa.; Joseph Kadans, of Baltimore, Md.; William
F. McDonald, of Baltimore, Md.; Jacob Rassner, of New York, N. Y.;
Jacob W. Rosenthal, of New York, N. Y.; Henry B. Ely, of Los
Angeles, Calif.; Bertrand Mahoney, of New York, N. Y.; Richard
Wagner Dickenson, of Stockton, Calif.; and George F. McKendry, of
Cannondale, Conn., were admitted to practice.
No. 700. Borg-Warner Corporation and David E. Gamble, peti-
tioners, v. George I. Goodwin and John F. Daukus. Time within
which to file brief in response to petition for certiorari extended to
and including December 20, 1946, on motion of Raymond L. Greist for
the respondents.
No. 763. Wabash Railroad Company, petitioner, v. J. F. William-
son; and
No. 770. The City of Portland, a Municipal Corporation, peti-
tioner, v. Public Market Company of Portland, Reconstruction Finance
Corporation, The First National Bank of Portland, Oregon. Time
for making service of petitions for certiorari, briefs, and records ex-
tended to a date which is not later than ten days after the giving of
notice by the Clerk of this Court to counsel for the petitioners that the
printed records have been delivered to such Clerk.
No. 586. Werner Reimann, petitioner, v. Tom C. Clark, Attorney
General of the United States;
No. 587. Citizens Protective League et al., petitioners, v. Tom C.
Clark, Attorney General of the United States; and
No. 588. Citizens Protective League et al., petitioners, v. Tom C.
Clark, Attorney General of the United States. Orders denying certi-
orari withheld, on motion of James J. Laughlin for the petitioners,
until December 20, and if petition for rehearing is filed by that date
then the orders to be held until action on the petition.
705009-46- -28
:
•

TUESDAY, DECEMBER 10, 1946
91
No. 62. Charles B. Morris, appellant, v. Paul F. Jones, Director of
Insurance of the State of Illinois. Argument continued by Mr. Ford
W. Thompson for the appellant, by Mr. Ferre C. Watkins for the
appellee, and concluded by Mr. J. L. London for the appellant.
No. 66. Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System et al.,
petitioners, v. John Agnew, F. O. Fayerweather. Argued by Mr. J.
Leonard Townsend for the petitioners and by Mr. Hugh H. Obear
for the respondents.
No. 63. The Order of Railway Conductors of America, H. W.
Fraser, President, et al., petitioners, v. O. E. Swan et al.; and
No. 64. F. J. Williams, William Bishop, Paul M. Carter, et al.,
etc., petitioners, v. O. E. Swan et al. Argument commenced by Mr.
V. C. Shuttleworth for the petitioners.
Adjourned until tomorrow at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Wednesday, December 11, will be as follows:
Nos. 63 (and 64), 68, 69, 514, 75, 34, 77 (and 78), 81 (and 82),
83, and 88.
".

WEDNESDAY, DECEMBER 11, 1946
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
92
Present: Mr. Chief Justice Vinson, Mr. Justice Black, Mr. Justice
Reed, Mr. Justice Frankfurter, Mr. Justice Douglas, Mr. Justice
Murphy, Mr. Justice Jackson, Mr. Justice Rutledge, and Mr. Justice
Burton.
Robert Roy Dann, of New York, N. Y.; Samuel David Slade, of
Alexandria, Va.; John J. McGinty, of Washington, D. C.; John T.
Casey, of New York, N. Y.; Kingsley A. Taft, of Cleveland, Ohio;
Eli E. Nobleman, of New York, N. Y.; Marie McCutcheon, of Dallas,
Tex.; Joseph Wainer, of Philadelphia, Pa.; Marjorie Pitts Amendola,
of Atlanta, Ga.; Harold L. Ickes, of Washington, D. C.; Raymond
W. Ickes, of Chicago, Ill.; John A. Montgomery, Jr., of Philadelphia,
Pa.; Lee W. Cowan, of Washington, D. C.; Oscar J. See, of Washing-
ton, D. C.; Charles Franklin Brannan, of Denver, Colo.; Bertram J.
Dembo, of New York, N. Y.; William L. Kumler, of Los Angeles,
Calif.; and Rowland F. Schlegel, of Peoria, Ill., were admitted to
practice.
No. 63. The Order of Railway Conductors of America, H. W.
Fraser, President, et al., petitioners, v. O. E. Swan et al.; and
No. 64. F. J. Williams, William Bishop, Paul M. Carter, et al.,
etc., petitioners, v. O. E. Swan et al. Argument continued by Mr. V. C.
Shuttleworth for the petitioners; by Mr. Douglas F. Smith for re-
spondents, Carrier Members of the First and Fourth Divisions, et al.;
by Mr. Anan Raymond for respondent, Railway Yardmasters of
America; and concluded by Mr. V. C. Shuttleworth for the petitioners.
· No. 68. Beulah B. Crane, petitioner, v. Commissioner of Internal
Revenue. Argued by Mr. Edward S. Bentley for the petitioner and
by Mr. J. Louis Monarch for the respondent.
No. 69. American Stevedores, Inc., petitioner, v. Rosario Porello
and The United States of America. Argument commenced by Mr.
Edward Ash for the petitioner and continued by Mr. J. Frank Staley
for the respondent, The United States, and by Mr. Jacob Rassner for
the respondent, Rosario Porello.
Adjourned until tomorrow at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Thursday, December 12, will be as follows: Nos.
69, 514, 75, 34, 77 (and 78), 81 (and 82), 83, 88, 55 (and 76),
and 80.
☑
705009-46-29
J

THURSDAY, DECEMBER 12, 1946
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
93
Present: Mr. Chief Justice Vinson, Mr. Justice Black, Mr. Justice
Reed, Mr. Justice Frankfurter, Mr. Justice Douglas, Mr. Justice
Murphy, Mr. Justice Jackson, Mr. Justice Rutledge, and Mr. Justice
Burton.
John L. Collins, of Hartford, Conn.; Jacob Cohen, of Chicago, Ill.;
Ernest K. James, of Charleston, W. Va.; John C. Collet, of Kansas
City, Mo.; Luke Ferdinand Ryan, of Northampton, Mass.; Murray
Steyer, of Brooklyn, N. Y.; and Jefferson Woodrow Gilmore, of Grove
Hill, Ala., were admitted to practice.
No. 69. American Stevedores, Inc., petitioner, v. Rosario Porello
and the United States of America. Argument continued by Mr. Jacob
Rassner for the respondent, Rosario Porello, and concluded by Mr.
Edward Ash for the petitioner.
No. 514. The United States of America v. Maria R. Lauro, as
Administratrix of the Goods, Chattels, and Credits of Peter Lauro,
Deceased. Argued by Mr. J. Frank Staley for the United States and
by Mr. Jacob Rassner for Maria R. Lauro, as Administratrix, etc.
No. 75. International Harvester Company, appellant, v. Tax Com-
missioner of Ohio. Argument commenced by Mr. Joseph J. Daniels
for the appellant, continued by Mr. A. A. Wendt for the appellee, and
concluded by Mr. Edward R. Lewis for the appellant.
No. 34. George Harris, petitioner, v. The United States of America.
Argument commenced by Mr. Roy St. Lewis for the petitioner and
continued by Mr. Frederick Bernays Wiener for the respondent and
by Mr. Herbert K. Hyde for the petitioner.
Adjourned until tomorrow at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Friday, December 13, will be as follows: Nos. 34,
77 (and 78), 81 (and 82), 83, 88, 55 (and 76), 80, 79, 93, and 206.
☑
705009-46- -30

FRIDAY, DECEMBER 13, 1946
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
94
Present: Mr. Chief Justice Vinson, Mr. Justice Black, Mr. Justice
Reed, Mr. Justice Frankfurter, Mr. Justice Douglas, Mr. Justice Mur-
phy, Mr. Justice Jackson, Mr. Justice Rutledge, and Mr. Justice
Burton.
Ralph W. Chandless, of Hackensack, N. J.; John Spiller, of Olym-
pia, Wash.; Thomas Edward Hunter, of Chicago, Ill.; Leonard Hel-
fenstein, of Philadelphia, Pa.; Henry Waldman, of New York, N. Y.;
Charles E. Nieman, of Minneapolis, Minn.; Carl Middleton English,
of Chevy Chase, Md.; William Moses Rice, of Alexandria, Va.;
Thomas H. Riley, of Chicago, Ill.; Harold A. Kooman, of Saint Peters-
burg, Fla.; and John L. Grabber, of Kalamazoo, Mich., were admitted
to practice.
No. 34. George Harris, petitioner, v. The United States of America.
Argument concluded by Mr. Herbert K. Hyde for the petitioner.
No. 77. The United States of America, petitioner, v. William M.
Dickinson; and
No. 78. The United States of America, petitioner, v. F. H. With-
row. Argued by Mr. Ralph S. Boyd for the petitioner and by Mr.
Ernest K. James for the respondents.
No. 81. Securities and Exchange Commission, petitioner, v.
1. Chenery Corporation et al.; and
No. 82. Securities and Exchange Commission, petitioner, v. Fed-
eral Water and Gas Corporation. Argument commenced by Mr.
Roger S. Foster for the petitioner and continued by Mr. Spencer
Gordon for the respondents in No. 81.
Adjourned until Monday, December 16, next, at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Monday, December 16, will be as follows: Nos. 81
(and 82), 83, 88, 55 (and 76), 80, 79, 93, 206, 85, and 87.
☑
1
705009-46-31
1

MONDAY, DECEMBER 16, 1946
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
95
Present: Mr. Chief Justice Vinson, Mr. Justice Black, Mr. Justice
Reed, Mr. Justice Frankfurter, Mr. Justice Douglas, Mr. Justice Mur-
phy, Mr. Justice Jackson, Mr. Justice Rutledge, and Mr. Justice
Burton.
John H. Morse, of New York, N. Y.; David V. Easton, of New
York, N. Y.; Hugh Lynch, Jr., of Washington, D. C.; D. Clyde Jones,
of Rochester, N. Y.; Leo M. Alpert, of Baltimore, Md.; Arthur W.
Janklow, of Chicago, Ill.; Alfred C. Cordon, of Pocatello, Idaho;
Keith Lorenz, of New York, N. Y.; and L. Dan Jones, of Chickasha,
Okla., were admitted to practice.
No. 48. Walter J. Rothensies, Individually and as United States
Collector of Internal Revenue for the First District of Pennsylvania,
petitioner, v. The Electric Storage Battery Company, a Corporation.
On writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals
for the Third Circuit. Judgment reversed with costs and case
remanded to the District Court of the United States for the Eastern
District of Pennsylvania for further proceedings in conformity with
the opinion of this Court. Opinion by Mr. Justice Jackson. Dis-
senting: Mr. Justice Black, Mr. Justice Murphy and Mr. Justice
Rutledge.
No. 3. Almira G. Freeman, Successor Trustee Under the Will and
of the Estate of Henry C. Starr, Deceased, appellant, v. Gilbert K.
Hewit, Director of Gross Income Tax Division, Department of Treas-
ury, State of Indiana. Appeal from the Supreme Court of the State
of Indiana. Judgment reversed with costs and case remanded for
further proceedings not inconsistent with the opinion of this Court.
Opinion by Mr. Justice Frankfurter. Dissenting: Mr. Justice Black.
Concurring opinion by Mr. Justice Rutledge. Dissenting opinion by
Mr. Justice Douglas in which Mr. Justice Murphy concurs.
No. 54. The United States of America, petitioner, v. Joseph
Ruzicka and Charles Ruzicka, Individually, and as Co-Partners Trad-
ing as Seeley Dairy. On writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit
Court of Appeals for the Seventh Circuit. Judgment reversed and
case remanded to the District Court of the United States for the North-
ern District of Illinois for further proceedings in conformity with
the opinion of this Court. Opinion by Mr. Justice Frankfurter. Mr.
Justice Douglas concurs in the result.
705009-46-
-32
"
r

MONDAY, DECEMBER 16, 1946
96
The Chief Justice announced the following orders of the Court:
No. 369. The Sioux Tribe of Indians, petitioner, v. The United
States. On petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Claims.
Per curiam: The order entered October 28, 1946, dismissing the peti-
tion for certiorari is vacated on motion of counsel for the petitioner.
The petition for writ of certiorari is granted. The judgment is va-
cated and the case is remanded to the Court of Claims in order to
enable that court to determine whether the Act of August 13, 1946,
gives rise to any claims which petitioner may assert to affect the
judgment heretofore entered in this cause, as to which this Court
means to intimate no opinion.
No. 389. Arthur C. McLaren, petitioner, v. Walter G. Nierstheimer,
Warden, Illinois State Penitentiary, Menard, Illinois. On petition
for writ of certiorari to the Criminal Court of Cook County, State
of Illinois. Per curiam: The motion for leave to proceed in forma
pauperis is granted. On suggestion of the Attorney General of Illi-
nois, the petition for writ of certiorari is granted; the judgment is
vacated and the case is remanded for further proceedings.
No. 454. Joseph B. Fleming and Aaron Colnon, Trustees of the
Chicago, Rock Island and Pacific Railway Company, et al., petition-
ers, v. John C. Traphagen et al. On petition for writ of certiorari
to the Circuit Court of Appeals for the Seventh Circuit. Per curiam:
The petition for writ of certiorari is granted and the judgment is re-
versed on the authority of Vanston and Vanhorn Bondholders Pro-
tective Committees v. Green and others, Nos. 42 to 45, decided
December 9, 1946.
No. 571. Schine Chain Theatres, Inc., et al., appellants, v. The
United States of America. Appeal from the District Court of the
United States for the Western District of New York. Per curiam:
The motion to dismiss is granted and the appeal is dismissed for want
of a final judgment.
No. 572. Schine Chain Theatres, Inc., et al., appellants; v. The
United States of America. Appeal from the District Court of the
United States for the Western District of New York. Per curiam:
The appeal is dismissed for failure to comply with Rule 12 of the
Rules of this Court.
No. 264. Teodoro Cantos, Also Known as Teodoro Tatishi, peti-
tioner, v. Lieutenant General Wilhelm D. Styer, Commanding Gen-
eral, United States Army Forces. On writ of certiorari to the Su-
preme Court of the Philippines. Per curiam: The writ of certiorari
in this case is dismissed for the reason that the case is moot.
.
.

MONDAY, DECEMBER 16, 1946
The Chief Justice said:
97
"The other orders of the Court appear upon the list certified by
the Chief Justice and filed with the Clerk and will not be announced
orally."
No. 145. Mariano Uyeki, petitioner, v. Lieutenant General Wil-
helm D. Styer, Commanding General, United States Army Forces,
Western Pacific. The stay order entered herein on June 10, last, is
vacated except insofar as it stays execution of the sentence of death.
No. 41, Misc. Ex parte Joseph R. White, petitioner; and
No. 77, Misc. Ex parte Albert R. House, petitioner. The motions
for leave to file petitions for writs of certiorari are denied.
No. 74, Misc. Wallace Phillips, petitioner, v. Joseph E. Ragen,
Warden, etc.; and
No. 75, Misc. Ex parte Alvin Miller, petitioner. The motions for
leave to file petitions for writs of habeas corpus are denied.
No. 76, Misc. Ex parte Oliver Gobin, petitioner. The motion for
leave to file petition for writ of mandamus is denied.
No. 10, Original. The United States of America, complainant, v.
The State of Wyoming and The Ohio Oil Company. This case is
assigned for argument on Monday, March 3, 1947, on the exceptions
and objections to the report of the Special Master.
No. 80. Jack Parker, Isidor M. Saks, Melvin Caplan, et al., peti-
tioners, v. Paul A. Porter, Price Administrator;
No. 431. Alfred Testa and Paul A. Porter, Administrator, Office
of Price Administration, petitioners, v. Harry Katt;
No. 483. Thomas A. Murray, petitioner, v. Paul A. Porter, Admin-
istrator, Office of Price Administration;
No. 512. James G. Raley and Thomas E. Raley, Trading as
Raley's Food Store, petitioners, v. Paul A. Porter, Administrator of
the Office of Price Administration;
· No. 526. 315 West 97th Street Realty Co., Inc., et al., petitioners,
v. Paul A. Porter, Price Administrator;
No. 583. Paul A. Porter, Administrator, Office of Price Adminis-
tration, petitioner, v. Mohawk Wrecking and Lumber Company, a
Partnership, and Harry Smith;
No. 682. Paul A. Porter, Administrator, Office of Price Adminis-
tration, appellant, v. Dusty Rhodes, Sheriff, Tarrant County, Texas,
et al.; and
No. 694. Anna M. Victor and Edward H. Green, as Trustees Under
the Will of Royall Victor, Deceased, petitioners, v. Paul A. Porter,
Price Administrator. On motion of the Solicitor General it is ordered
that Philip B. Fleming, Temporary Controls Administrator, be sub-
stituted as a party in these cases in the place and stead of Paul A.
Porter, Administrator, Office of Price Administration, resigned.
N

MONDAY, DECEMBER 16, 1946
98
No. 711. The United States of America, appellant, v. United States
Gypsum Company et al. In this case probable jurisdiction is noted.
No. 718. The United States of America, appellant, v. Michael
Walsh, an Individual Trading as Kelp Laboratories. In this case
probable jurisdiction is noted and the case is transferred to the sum-
mary docket.
No. 63, Misc. Ex parte The Denver and Rio Grande Western Rail-
road Company Committees and Trustees. The motion for leave to
file petition for writs of mandamus and prohibition is denied.
No. 690. Insurance Group Committee, Reorganization Committee,
Guaranty Trust Company of New York, Trustee, et al., petitioners, v.
The Denver and Rio Grande Western Railroad Company et al. The
petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of Appeals for the
Tenth Circuit is granted and the case is assigned for argument on
Monday, January 6, 1947.
No. 673. Carter H. Harrison, Individually and as Collector of
Internal Revenue, petitioner, v. Greyvan Lines, Inc. Petition for
writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of Appeals for the Seventh
Circuit granted and case transferred to the summary docket and as-
signed for argument immediately following No. 312.
No. 781. United Mine Workers of America, an Unincorporated
Association, petitioner, v. The United States of America; and
No. 782. John L. Lewis, Individually and as President of the
United Mine Workers of America, petitioner, v. The United States of
America. The petition for writs of certiorari to the United States
Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia is granted and the cases
are consolidated with Nos. 759 and 760.
No. 674. Commissioner of Internal Revenue, petitioner, v. Sidney
S. Munter; and
No. 675. Commissioner of Internal Revenue, petitioner, v. Carl
Munter. Petition for writs of certiorari to the Circuit Court of Ap-
peals for the Third Circuit granted.
No. 680. Champion Spark Plug Company, petitioner, v. Peter
Sanders et al., Doing Business as The Perfect Recondition Spark
Plug Company. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court
of Appeals for the Second Circuit granted.
No. 405. Marvin Gayes, petitioner, v. The State of New York.
The motion for leave to proceed in forma pauperis is granted. The
petition for writ of certiorari to the County Court of Monroe County,
State of New York, is also granted. It is ordered that Herbert
Wechsler, Esquire, of New York City, a member of the Bar of this
Court, be appointed to serve as counsel for the petitioner in this case.
גי
H
18
"L

MONDAY, DECEMBER 16, 1946
99
No. 355. W. O. Browne, E. W. Negley, M. J. Dobson, et al., peti-
tioners, v. United States. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Cir-
cuit Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 433. Cecil Wells, petitioner, v. Commonwealth of Kentucky.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals of Kentucky
denied.
No. 660. Union Producing Company, petitioner, v. Minnie E.
White et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of
Appeals for the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 672. Soewapadji and 218 Alien Indonesian Seamen Similarly
Situated, petitioners, v. I. F. Wixon, as Custodian of Petitioners in
the United States. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court
of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit denied.
No. 676. The General Industries Company, petitioner, v. 20 Wacker
Drive Building Corporation et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to
the Circuit Court of Appeals for the Seventh Circuit denied.
No. 679. Market Street Railway Company, petitioner, v. Railroad
Commission of the State of California et al. Petition for writ of
certiorari to the Supreme Court of California denied.
No. 689. Freeman J. Thomson, Administrator of the Estate of
Arthur W. Thomson, Deceased, petitioner, v. Caroline Thomson.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of Appeals for
the Eighth Circuit denied.
-
No. In the Matter of the Disbarment of H. Eugene Gardner.
It having been reported to the Court that H. Eugene Gardner, of
Glenside, Commonwealth of Pennsylvania, has been disbarred from
the practice of the law by the Supreme Court of the Commonwealth
of Pennsylvania, and this Court by order of May 6, 1946, having
suspended the said H. Eugene Gardner from the practice of the law
in this Court and directed that a rule issue requiring him to show
cause why he should not be disbarred; and it appearing that the
said rule was duly issued and served upon the respondent, who has
filed a return thereto; now, upon consideration of the rule to show
cause and the return aforesaid; It is ordered that the said H. Eugene
Gardner be, and he is hereby, disbarred, and that his name be stricken
from the roll of attorneys admitted to practice in this Court.
No. 124. H. Eugene Gardner, petitioner, v. Montgomery Bar As-
sociation. The motion for leave to proceed in forma pauperis is
granted. The petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court
of the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania is denied.
No. 695. Walter G. Hill, petitioner, v. Walter Nierstheimer,
Warden, etc. On petition for writ of certiorari of the Criminal Court
of Cook County, State of Illinois;
,
$
RE

MONDAY, DECEMBER 16, 1946
100
No. 723. Joseph Henderson, petitioner, v. Joseph E. Ragen,
Warden, etc. On petition for writ of certiorari to the Criminal Court
of Cook County, State of Illinois;
No. 727. Bruno Austin, Alex Shapiro, Morris Jacobs, and David
Sinnenberg, petitioners, v. People of the State of Illinois. On peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Illinois;
No. 728. Ivan Grover Hyde, petitioner, v. Ben B. Stewart, Acting
Warden, etc. On petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court
of Missouri;
No. 736. Earl Davis, petitioner, v. Joseph E. Ragen, Warden, etc.
On petition for writ of certiorari to the Criminal Court of Cook
County, State of Illinois;
No. 737. James Congdon, petitioner, v. Joseph E. Ragen, Warden,
etc. On petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of Winne-
bago County, State of Illinois; and
No. 738. Sam Miner, petitioner, v. Joseph E. Ragen, Warden, etc.
On petition for writ of certiorari to the Criminal Court of Cook
County, State of Illinois. The motions for leave to proceed in forma
pauperis are granted. The petitions for writs of certiorari are denied.
No. 58, Misc. Ex parte Bernard M. Shotkin, petitioner;
No. 12. Heber Kimball Cleveland, petitioner, v. United States;
No. 13. Heber Kimball Cleveland, petitioner, v. United States;
No. 14. Heber Kimball Cleveland, petitioner, v. United States;
No. 15. David Brigham Darger, petitioner, v. United States;
No. 16. Vergel Y. Jessop, petitioner, v. United States;
No. 17. Theral Ray Dockstader, petitioner, v. United States;
No. 18. L. R. Stubbs, petitioner, v. United States; and
No. 19. Follis Gardner Petty, petitioner, v. United States;
No. 21. Champlin Refining Company, appellant, v. United States
and Interstate Commerce Commission;
No. 534. Louis Dabney Smith, petitioner, v. United States;
No. 536. Charles A. Koza, John A. Anderson, and Invincible Tool
Co., Inc., petitioners, v. Charles Drexler and Charles Drexler Co., Inc.;
No. 566. William Howard Taft Jones, petitioner, v. The State of
Texas;
No. 590. F. A. Gillespie and Sons Company, petitioner, v. Commis-
sioner of Internal Revenue; and
No. 591. F. A. Gillespie and Sons Company, petitioner, v. Commis-
sioner of Internal Revenue. The petitions for rehearing are denied.
No. 476. Illinois Packing Company, a Corporation, petitioner, v.
Charles B. Henderson, Individually and as Acting Administrator of
the Office of Federal Loan Administrator, etc., et al. The petition for
rehearing is denied. The Chief Justice took no part in the considera-
tion or decision of this application.

MONDAY, DECEMBER 16, 1946
101
The Court will take a recess from Monday, December 23, until Mon-
day, January 6, 1947.
No. 81. Securities and Exchange Commission, petitioner, v. Chen-
ery Corporation et al.; and
No. 82. Securities and Exchange Commission, petitioner, v. Fed-
eral Water and Gas Corporation. Argument continued by Mr.
Spencer Gordon for the respondent in No. 81, by Mr. Allen S. Hub-
bard for the respondent in No. 82, and concluded by Mr. Roger S.
Foster for the petitioner.
No. 83. Independent Warehouses, Inc., Pennsylvania Coal Com-
pany, et al., appellants, v. William Scheele, Recorder of the Town-
ship of Saddle River and the Township of Saddle River. Argued by
Mr. Duane E. Minard for the appellants and by Mr. Harry Lane and
Mr. Ralph W. Chandless for the appellees.
No. 88. Helene A. Jesionowski, Administratrix, petitioner, v. Bos-
ton & Maine Railroad. Argued by Mr. Thomas C. O'Brien for the
petitioner and by Mr. Francis P. Garland for the respondent.
No. 55. Bethlehem Steel Company et al., appellants, v. New York
State Labor Relations Board; and
No. 76. The Allegheny Ludlum Steel Corporation, appellant, v.
William J. Kelley and H. Myron Lewis, Constituting the State Labor
Relations Board of the State of New York. Argument commenced
by Mr. Bruce Bromley for the appellants in No. 55.
Adjourned until tomorrow at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Tuesday, December 17, will be as follows: Nos. 55
(and 76), 80, 79, 93, 206, 85, 87, 92, 106, and 94 (and 96).
☑
14

TUESDAY, DECEMBER 17, 1946
102
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: Mr. Chief Justice Vinson, Mr. Justice Black, Mr. Justice
Reed, Mr. Justice Frankfurter, Mr. Justice Douglas, Mr. Justice
Murphy, Mr. Justice Jackson, Mr. Justice Rutledge, and Mr. Justice
Burton.
C. Floyd Huff, Jr., of Hot Springs, Ark.; Q. Byrum Hurst, of Hot
Springs, Ark.; John J. Faust, of Saint Louis, Mo.; Katherine Hard-
wick Johnson, of Chicago, Ill.; Harry Arthur Greenberg, of Phila-
delphia, Pa.; Maurice A. Granatoor, of Philadelphia, Pa.; Cecil C.
Wilson, of Glasgow, Ky.; Elton M. Hyder, Jr., of Fort Worth, Tex.;
Stuart Northall Updike, of New York, N. Y.; Albert Dudley Mc-
Collum, of Milan, Tenn.; Robert Richard Jorgensen, of Glen Ellyn,
Ill.; Frank William Cerny, of Washington, D. C.; Lauren Lewis,
of Washington, D. C.; Sylvia U. Siegel, of Mount Vernon, N. Y.;
Sidney Roffman, of New York, N. Y.; and Harry Carroll, of New
York, N. Y., were admitted to practice.
No. 55. Bethlehem Steel Company et al., appellants, v. New York
State Labor Relations Board; and
No. 76. The Allegheny Ludlum Steel Corporation, appellant, v.
William J. Kelley and H. Myron Lewis, Constituting the State La-
bor Relations Board of the State of New York. Argument continued
by Mr. Bruce Bromley for the appellants in No. 55; by Mr. John G.
Buchanan for the appellant in No. 76; by Mr. Robert L. Stern for
the United States, as amicus curiae, by special leave of Court; by
Mr. William E. Grady for the appellees; and concluded by Mr. John
G. Buchanan for the appellant in No. 76.
Adjourned until tomorrow at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Wednesday, December 18, will be as follows: Nos.
80, 79, 93, 206, 85, 87, 92, 106, 94 (and 96), and 97 (and 98).
705009-46-33
16

WEDNESDAY, DECEMBER 18, 1946
103
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: Mr. Chief Justice Vinson, Mr. Justice Black, Mr. Justice
Reed, Mr. Justice Frankfurter, Mr. Justice Douglas, Mr. Justice Mur-
phy, Mr. Justice Jackson, Mr. Justice Rutledge, and Mr. Justice
Burton.
Herbert Elliott Ost, of New York, N. Y.; Philip J. Schneider, of
Cincinnati, Ohio; Max L. Feinberg, of Chicago, Ill.; and Jules J.
Lubasch, of New York, N. Y., were admitted to practice.
No. 677. Morris H. Senderowitz et al., Individually and as Co-
Partners Trading as Royal Manufacturing Company, petitioners, v.
Paul A. Porter, Administrator of the Office of Price Administration;
and
No. 678. Morris H. Senderowitz et al., Individually and as Co-
Partners Trading as Royal Manufacturing Company, petitioners, v.
Paul A. Porter, Administrator of the Office of Price Administration.
On motion of the Acting Solicitor General it is ordered that Philip
B. Fleming, Temporary Controls Administrator, be substituted as the
party respondent in these cases in the place and stead of Paul A.
Porter, Administrator, Office of Price Administration, resigned.
No. 80. Jack Parker, Isidor M. Saks, Melvin Caplan, et al., peti-
tioners, v. Philip B. Fleming, Temporary Controls Administrator.
Argued by Mr. Alexander Pfeiffer for the petitioners and by Mr. Carl
A. Auerbach for the respondent.
No. 79. Leo H. Steele, petitioner, v. General Mills, Inc. Argued
by Mr. Cecil A. Morgan for the petitioner; by Mr. Elton M. Hyder,
Jr., for the State of Texas, as amicus curiae by special leave of Court;
and by Mr. Alfred McKnight for the respondent.
No. 93. Gulf Oil Corporation, petitioner, v. Cornelius Gilbert,
Doing Business Under the Firm Name and Style of Gilbert Storage &
Transfer Company. Argument commenced by Mr. Archie D. Gray for
the petitioner, and continued by Mr. Max J. Gwertzman for the re-
spondent and by Mr. Bernard A. Golding for the petitioner.
Adjourned until tomorrow at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Thursday, December 19, will be as follows: Nos.
93, 206, 85, 87, 92, 106, 94 (and 96), 97 (and 98), and 141.
☑
705009-46-34
1
:

THURSDAY, DECEMBER 19, 1946
104
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: Mr. Chief Justice Vinson, Mr. Justice Black, Mr. Justice
Reed, Mr. Justice Frankfurter, Mr. Justice Douglas, Mr. Justice Mur-
phy, Mr. Justice Jackson, Mr. Justice Rutledge, and Mr. Justice
Burton.
Edward L. Coffey, of New York, N. Y.; Milton B. Conford, of
Newark, N. J.; Irving Sweet, of New York, N. Y.; Joseph C. Glavin,
of Jersey City, N. J.; Charles Jonathan Whiting, of Winthrop,
Maine; Jasper S. Costa, of New York, N. Y.; Malcolm C. Sherman, of
Scituate, Mass.; Henry G. Sandifer, of Danville, Ky.; and E. Hood
Wilkerson, of Eustis, Fla., were admitted to practice.
No. 93. Gulf Oil Corporation, petitioner, v. Cornelius Gilbert,
Doing Business Under the Firm Name and Style of Gilbert Storage &
Transfer Company. Argument concluded by Mr. Bernard A. Golding
for the petitioner.
No. 206. Eugene Koster, petitioner, v. (American) Lumbermens
Mutual Casualty Company. Argued by Mr. Julius Levy for the peti-
tioner and by Mr. Stuart N. Updike for the respondent.
No. 85. The Trailmobile Company and International Union, United
Automobile, Aircraft, and Agricultural Workers of America,
U. A. W.-C. I. O. Local No. 392, petitioners, v. Lawrence Whirls.
Argued by Mr. Philip J. Schneider for the petitioner, The Trailmobile
Company; by Mr. Sol Goodman and Mr. Ernest Goodman for Inter-
national Union, U. A. W.-C. I. O., etc.; and by Mr. Frederick Bernays
Wiener for the respondent.
No. 87. A. M. Anderson, Receiver of National Bank of Kentucky,
Louisville, Kentucky, petitioner, v. Irvin Yungkau, Executor of the
Estate of Albert Yungkau, Deceased, et al. Argument commenced
by Mr. Robert S. Marx for the petitioner.
No.. Joseph D. Medley, petitioner, v. Curtis Reid, Superintend-
ent, Washington Asylum and Jail; and
No. William Copeland, petitioner, v. Curtis Reid, Superintend-
ent, Washington Asylum and Jail. The motions for stay of execution
are denied. Treating the papers as applications for writs of certiorari,
certiorari is denied.
☑
705009-46-35
1
1

-
THURSDAY, DECEMBER 19, 1946
105
No. Ex parte Julius Fisher, petitioner. The application for a
stay of execution is denied.
Adjourned until tomorrow at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Friday, December 20, will be as follows: Nos. 87,
92, 106, and 94 (and 96).
☑
☑

FRIDAY, DECEMBER 20, 1946
106
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: Mr. Chief Justice Vinson, Mr. Justice Black, Mr. Justice
Reed, Mr. Justice Frankfurter, Mr. Justice Douglas, Mr. Justice Mur-
phy, Mr. Justice Jackson, Mr. Justice Rutledge, and Mr. Justice
Burton.
Eugene Eisenmann, of New York, N. Y.; Albert L. Solodar, of New
York, N. Y.; Samuel M. Coombs, Jr., of Jersey City, N. J.; Morris
J. Pollack, of Pittsburgh, Pa.; James Lamar Flemister, of Atlanta,
Ga.; James F. Masterson, of Philadelphia, Pa.; and Frank M. Harris,
of Saint Petersburg, Fla., were admitted to practice.
The Chief Justice announced that the Court would take a recess in
order to consider an application for a stay of execution.
The Court reconvened.
No.. Joseph D. Medley, petitioner, v. The United States of Amer-
ica. Motion for stay of execution denied.
No. 87. A. M. Anderson, Receiver of National Bank of Kentucky,
Louisville, Kentucky, petitioner, v. Irvin Yungkau, Executor of the
Estate of Albert Yungkau, Deceased, et al. Argument continued by
Mr. LeWright Browning for the respondents and concluded by Mr.
Robert S. Marx for the petitioner.
No. 92. Walter P. Gardner, Trustee of the Central Railroad Com-
pany of New Jersey, petitioner, v. The State of New Jersey. Argued
by Mr. James D. Carpenter, Jr., for the petitioner and by Mr. Ben-
jamin C. Van Tine for the respondent.
No. 106. The United States, petitioner, v. The Thayer-West Point
Hotel Company. Argued by Mr. Oscar H. Davis for the petitioner and
by Mr. E. J. Ellenwood for the respondent.
Adjourned until Monday, December 23, next, at 12 o'clock.
705009-46- -36
1

MONDAY, DECEMBER 23, 1946
107
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: Mr. Chief Justice Vinson, Mr. Justice Black, Mr. Justice
Reed, Mr. Justice Frankfurter, Mr. Justice Douglas, Mr. Justice
Murphy, Mr. Justice Jackson, Mr. Justice Rutledge, and Mr. Justice
Burton.
Peyton Ford, of Oklahoma City, Okla.; John A. Skiles, of Lincoln,
Nebr.; Louis Kravis, of Atlantic City, N. J.; William Amory Under-
hill, of De Land, Fla.; Edward A. Foote, of Washington, D. C.;
Philip Schleit, of Syracuse, N. Y.; William B. Neeley, of Glendale,
Calif.; Saul Ross, of Los Angeles, Calif.; Maxey B. Harlin, Jr., of
Bowling Green, Ky.; and Carl Bassett, Jr., of Baltimore, Md., were
admitted to practice.
No. 23. Taze Hamrick Gibson, petitioner, v. The United States of
America. On writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court
of Appeals for the Eighth Circuit; and
No. 86. George William Dodez, petitioner, v. The United States
of America. On writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court
of Appeals for the Sixth Circuit. Judgments reversed. Case No. 23
is remanded to the District Court of the United States for the District
of South Dakota and case No. 86 is remanded to the District Court of
the United States for the Northern District of Ohio for further pro-
ceedings in conformity with the opinion of this Court. Opinion by
Mr. Justice Rutledge.
No. 35. People of the State of Illinois ex rel. Robert L. Gordon,
Director of Labor, petitioner, v. Nigel D. Campbell, Collector of In-
ternal Revenue. On writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of the
State of Illinois. Judgment affirmed with costs. Opinion by Mr.
Justice Rutledge. Dissenting opinion by Mr. Justice Reed in which
Mr. Justice Jackson joins.
No. 53. The United States of America, petitioner, v. Paul Davis
Sheridan. On writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of
Appeals for the Sixth Circuit. Judgment reversed and case remanded
to the Circuit Court of Appeals for further proceedings in conformity
with the opinion of this Court. Opinion by Mr. Justice Rutledge.
Dissenting: The Chief Justice and Mr. Justice Douglas.
No. 60. National Labor Relations Board, petitioner, v. A. J. Tower
Company. On writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court
705009-46-37

MONDAY, DECEMBER 23, 1946
108
of Appeals for the First Circuit. Judgment reversed and case re-
manded to the Circuit Court of Appeals for further proceedings in
conformity with the opinion of this Court. Opinion by Mr. Justice
Murphy. Mr. Justice Frankfurter concurs in the result. Dissenting
opinion by Mr. Justice Jackson.
No. 59. Major General W. W. Eagles, Post Commanding Officer,
Fort Dix, New Jersey, petitioner, v. United States ex rel. Jacob S.
Samuels. On writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court
of Appeals for the Third Circuit. Judgment reversed and case re-
manded to the District Court of the United States for the District of
New Jersey for proceedings in conformity with the opinion of this
Court. Opinion by Mr. Justice Douglas.
No. 58. Major General W. W. Eagles, Post Commanding Officer,
Fort Dix, New Jersey, petitioner, v. United States ex rel. Harry
Horowitz. On writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of
Appeals for the Third Circuit. Judgment reversed and case re-
manded to the District Court of the United States for the District of
New Jersey for proceedings in conformity with the opinion of this
Court. Opinion by Mr. Justice Douglas.
The Chief Justice said:
"For seventy-five years the opinions of this Court have been printed
by Pearson's Printing Office. Mr. Clarence E. Bright entered that
establishment in his youth nearly fifty-six years ago. Later he ac-
quired ownership of the business which he continuously has managed
for over forty years in a manner of helpfulness far beyond con-
tractual obligation.
"For more than a half-century Mr. Bright has served the Court
with complete fidelity, bringing to his important and confidential work
the advantages of unique skill and ability. At times the demands,
both in volume of the work and for speed in dispatching it, exceeded
what might be expected or required of a much larger establishment.
But under the greatest pressures his resources invariably were equal
to what was asked. He met these pressures not only with extraordi-
nary efficiency but always with patience and courtesy. What is equally
remarkable, not once in his long service was there suggestion that by
carelessness or otherwise the large confidence imposed in him had not
been strictly observed. His name belongs in the roll of those who
have given themselves through long years to the service of the Court
with absolute devotion to its interests.
"The Court desires to record its appreciation of Mr. Bright's effi-
ciency and loyalty and to acknowledge the effective contribution of his
1

MONDAY, DECEMBER 23, 1946
109
aid in its work. We trust that in his retirement from active service he
will find renewed vigor of health and the abiding satisfaction which
comes from the consciousness of arduous duties performed to the com-
plete satisfaction of those he served so well.
"The Clerk is directed to record these remarks and to transmit a
copy thereof to Mr. Bright."
The Chief Justice said:
"The orders of the Court appear upon the list certified by the Chief
Justice and filed with the Clerk and will not be announced orally."
No. St. Louis-San Francisco Railway Company, petitioner, v.
John W. Stedman et al. The application for a stay is denied.
-
No. 12, Original. The United States of America, complainant, v.
The State of California. The motion of Robert E. Lee Jordan for
leave to intervene is denied. Mr. Justice Jackson took no part in the
consideration or decision of this application.
No. 80, Misc. Ex parte George S. Miller, petitioner. The motion
for leave to file petition for writ of habeas corpus is denied.
No. 78, Misc. Ex parte Arthur C. Hicks, petitioner; and
No. 81, Misc. Ex parte Lester Pressley, petitioner. The motions
for leave to file petitions for writs of certiorari are denied.
No. 176. Bernard M. Shotkin, petitioner, v. Judges Superior
Court, Atlanta Circuit. The motion for oral argument is denied.
No. 745. Central Greyhound Lines, Inc., of New York, appellant,
v. Carroll E. Mealey et al., Constituting the State Tax Commission of
the State of New York. Further consideration of the question of the
jurisdiction of this Court in this case is postponed to the hearing of
the case on the merits. The case is transferred to the summary docket.
No. 418. National Labor Relations Board, petitioner, v. Jones &
Laughlin Steel Corporation. On petition for writ of certiorari to the
Circuit Court of Appeals for the Sixth Circuit; and
No. 419. National Labor Relations Board, petitioner, v. E. C.
Atkins and Company. On petition for writ of certiorari to the Cir-
cuit Court of Appeals for the Seventh Circuit. The petition for writs.
of certiorari in these cases is granted.
No. 811. United Mine Workers of America, an Unincorporated
Association, and John L. Lewis, Individually and as President of the
United Mine Workers of America, petitioners, v. United States of
America. The petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia is granted and the case
is consolidated with Nos. 759, 760, 781, and 782.
A

MONDAY, DECEMBER 23, 1946
110
No. 252. J. D. Johnson, petitioner, v. Bruce Graham, Trustee of
Greene County, Tennessee, Greene County, Tennessee, et al. Peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Tennessee denied.
No. 538. Herman Berman, petitioner, v. United States. Petition
for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of Appeals for the Ninth
Circuit denied.
No. 637. Walter McDonald, petitioner, v. James A. Johnston,
Warden, etc. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of
Appeals for the Ninth Circuit denied.
No. 696. The First National Bank of Chicago, Trustee Under the
Last Will and Testament of Otto Young, Deceased, etc., et al., petition-
ers, v. Margaret deKorwin, Individually and as Executrix of the Will
of Joseph Maria deKorwin, Deceased. Petition for writ of certiorari
to the Circuit Court of Appeals for the Seventh Circuit denied.
No. 697. Fort Howard Paper Company, Dennison Manufacturing
Company, et al., petitioners, v. Federal Trade Commission. Petition
for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of Appeals for the Seventh
Circuit denied.
No. 705. Kenneth Tressler, petitioner, v. Ada A. Tressler et al.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Florida denied.
No. 708. Clark & Clark, Charles L. Morris, and Robert Brinton
Morris, Trading as Professional Laboratories, petitioners, v. Smith,
Kline & French Laboratories. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
Circuit Court of Appeals for the Third Circuit denied.
No. 597. H. Dulany Mitchell, petitioner, v. Hon. Colin Neblett,
Judge, United States District Court for the District of New Mexico.
On petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of Appeals for
the Tenth Circuit;
No. 693. James Steele, petitioner, v. The People of the State of
New York. On petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court,
Westchester County, State of New York;
No. 706. George Small, petitioner, v. Walter B. Martin, Warden,
etc. On petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court, Kings
County, State of New York;
No. 726. Frank Canizio, petitioner, v. The People of the State of
New York. On petition for writ of certiorari to the County Court of
Kings County, State of New York;
No. 749. Sam Miner, petitioner, v. Joseph E. Ragen, Warden, etc.
On petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Illinois;
No. 750. Harold Witt, petitioner, v. The People of the State of
Illinois. On petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of
Illinois;
"

MONDAY, DECEMBER 23, 1946
111
No. 751. Joe Binkowski, petitioner, v. The People of the State of
Illinois. On petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of
Illinois;
No. 752. John Sheets, petitioner, v. Joseph E. Ragen, Warden,
etc. On petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of
Illinois;
No. 753. Richard C. Kretchmer, petitioner, v. State of Indiana.
On petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Indiana;
No. 756. Riley Simmons, petitioner, v. Walter Nierstheimer,
Warden, etc. On petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court
of Williamson County, State of Illinois;
No. 762. Harry D. Gordon, petitioner, v. Joseph E. Ragen,
Warden, etc. On petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court
of Appeals for the Seventh Circuit;
No. 769. Robert Cage and Edward Smith, petitioners, v. The Peo-
ple of the State of Illinois. On petition for writ of certiorari to the
Supreme Court of Illinois;
No. 772. Henry Robinson, petitioner, v. Joseph E. Ragen, Warden,
etc. On petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of
Illinois;
No. 773. Roman Piskorz, petitioner, v. Joseph E. Ragen, Warden,
etc. On petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Illinois;
No. 774. Roy Joseph Heskett, petitioner, v. Joseph E. Ragen,
Warden, etc. On petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Courts
of Winnebago and Will Counties, State of Illinois;
No. 775. Vivid J. Deadwyler, petitioner, v. Joseph E. Ragen,
Warden, etc. On petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of
Winnebago County, State of Illinois; and
No. 776. Edward Poppe, petitioner, v. People of the State of
Illinois. On petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of
Illinois. The motions for leave to proceed in forma pauperis are
granted. The petitions for writs of certiorari are denied.
No. 342. Daniel Birmeli Dingman, petitioner, v. The United
States of America;
No. 502. People of the State of New York ex rel. Paul Lutz, peti-
tioner, v. Walter B. Martin, M. D., as Warden, etc.; and
No. 676. The General Industries Company, petitioner, v. 20
Wacker Drive Building Corporation et al. The petitions for rehear-
ing are denied.
Adjourned until Monday, January 6, next, at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Monday, January 6, 1947, will be as follows: Nos.
140, 690, 97 (and 98), 229, 190, 208, 148 (and 149, 150, 151, and
155), 94 (and 96), 241, and 658.
☑
2

MONDAY, JANUARY 6, 1947
112
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: Mr. Chief Justice Vinson, Mr. Justice Black, Mr. Justice
Reed, Mr. Justice Frankfurter, Mr. Justice Douglas, Mr. Justice
Murphy, Mr. Justice Jackson, Mr. Justice Rutledge, and Mr. Justice.
Burton.
George Joseph Moran, of Waterbury, Conn.; D. M. Raulston, of
Chattanooga, Tenn.; Ernest Homer Miller, of San Francisco, Calif.;
Joseph M. Picker, of Milwaukee, Wis.; and Harvey H. Sverdlin, of
Milwaukee, Wis., were admitted to practice.
No. 66. Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System et al.,
petitioners, v. John Agnew, F. O. Fayerweather. On writ of certiorari
to the United States Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia.
Judgment reversed with costs and case remanded to the District Court
of the United States for the District of Columbia for proceedings in
conformity with the opinion of this Court. Opinion by Mr. Justice
Douglas. Concurring opinion by Mr. Justice Rutledge in which Mr.
Justice Frankfurter joins.
No. 70. Edward Katzinger Company, petitioner, v. Chicago Me-
tallic Mfg. Company; and
No. 71. Edward Katzinger Company, petitioner, v. Chicago Me-
tallic Mfg. Company. On writs of certiorari to the United States
Circuit Court of Appeals for the Seventh Circuit. Judgments af-
firmed with costs and cases remanded to the District Court of the
United States for the Northern District of Illinois. Opinion by Mr.
Justice Black. Dissenting opinion by Mr. Justice Frankfurter in
which Mr. Justice Reed, Mr. Justice Jackson, and Mr. Justice Burton
concur.
No. 28. Alpine MacGregor, petitioner, v. Westinghouse Electric &
Manufacturing Company. On writ of certiorari to the Supreme
: Court of the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania. Judgment reversed
with costs and case remanded to the Supreme Court of Pennsylvania
for proceedings not inconsistent with the opinion of this Court.
Opinion by Mr. Justice Black. Dissenting opinion by Mr. Justice
Frankfurter in which Mr. Justice Reed, Mr. Justice Jackson, and Mr.
Justice Burton concur.
705009-47- -38
+

MONDAY, JANUARY 6, 1947
113
No. 75. International Harvester Company, appellant, v. Tax
Commissioner of Ohio. Appeal from the Supreme Court of the State
of Ohio. Judgment affirmed with costs. Opinion by Mr. Justice
Black. Concurring opinion by Mr. Justice Rutledge.
No. 61. The United States of America and Interstate Commerce
Commission, appellants, v. Seatrain Lines, Inc. Appeal from the
District Court of the United States for the District of Delaware.
Decree affirmed. Opinion by Mr. Justice Black. Mr. Justice Rut-
ledge concurs in the result.
No. 79. Leo H. Steele, petitioner, v. General Mills, Inc. On writ
of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the
Fifth Circuit. Judgment of the Circuit Court of Appeals reversed
with costs. Judgment of the District Court of the United States for
the Northern District of Texas affirmed and case remanded to said
District Court. Opinion by Mr. Justice Black.
The Chief Justice announced the following orders of the Court:
No. 145. Mariano Uyeki, petitioner, v. Lieutenant General Wil-
helm D. Styer, Commanding General, United States Army Forces,
Western Pacific. On petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme
Court of the Philippines. Per curiam: The writ of certiorari in this
case is dismissed for the reason that the case is moot.
No. 780. The Chronicle & Gazette Publishing Co., Inc., appellant,
v. The Attorney General of the State of New Hampshire et al.
Appeal from the Supreme Court of New Hampshire. Per curiam:
The motion to dismiss is granted, and the appeal is dismissed for the
want of a substantial federal question. (1) Nebbia v. New York,
291 U. S. 502; Olsen v. Nebraska, 313 U. S. 236. (2) Associated Press
v. National Labor Relations Board, 301 U. S. 103; Associated Press v.
United States, 326 U. S. 1. Mr. Justice Douglas, Mr. Justice Murphy,
and Mr. Justice Rutledge are of the opinion that probable jurisdiction
should be noted.
The Chief Justice said:
"The other orders of the Court appear upon the list certified by the
Chief Justice and filed with the Clerk and will not be announced
orally."
No. 82, Misc. Ex parte Ward M. Blanton, petitioner;
No. 84, Misc. Ex parte Vergil D. McMillan, petitioner; and
No. 86, Misc. Ex parte Fred Wallace Bantz, petitioner. The mo-
tions for leave to file petitions for writs of habeas corpus are denied.
IN
་

MONDAY, JANUARY 6, 1947
114
No. 85, Misc. Ex parte Dexter G. Dayton, petitioner. The motion
for leave to file petition for writ of mandamus is denied.
No. 83, Misc. Ex parte Dorsey McMahan, petitioner. The motion
for an injunction is denied.
No. 87, Misc. Ex parte Sam Buford, petitioner; and
No. 89, Misc. Ex parte E. B. Schaffer, petitioner. The applica-
tions are denied.
No. 88, Misc. Ex parte William Watkins, petitioner. The motion
for leave to file petition for certiorari is denied.
No. 241. Conway C. Craig, Bob McCracken, and Tom Mulvany,
petitioners, v. John B. Harney, Sheriff of Nueces County, Texas.
The motion for leave to file brief of American Newspaper Publishers
Association as amicus curiae is granted.
No. 583. Philip B. Fleming, Temporary Controls Administrator,
petitioner, v. Mohawk Wrecking and Lumber Company, a Partner-
ship, and Harry Smith. Further consideration of the motion to
vacate the order of December 16 substituting Fleming for Porter is
postponed to the hearing of the case on the merits.
No. 626. James E. Markham, Alien Property Custodian, peti-
tioner, v. Alvina Allen, Gertrude Dinwiddie, Hilda Pigozzi, et al.
The motion to substitute Tom C. Clark, Attorney General, as suc-
✓cessor to the Alien Property Custodian, as the party petitioner herein,
is granted.
No. 658. Packard Motor Car Company, petitioner, v. National
Labor Relations Board. The motion for leave to appear and present
oral argument on behalf of Carnegie-Illinois Steel Corporation and
others as amici curiae is denied.
No. 731. Roy Bartels et al. and Justin Conlon, d. b. a. Crystal Ball-
room, petitioners, v. E. H. Birmingham, Individually and as Collector
of Internal Revenue for the State of Iowa, et al.; and
No. 732. Larry V. Geer and Margaret Geer, d. b. a. Larry Geer
Ballrooms, petitioners, v. E. H. Birmingham, Individually and as Col-
lector of Internal Revenue for the State of Iowa. The petition for
writs of certiorari to the Circuit Court of Appeals for the Eighth
Circuit is granted.
No. 288. Sid W. Richardson et al., petitioners, v. Keith Kelly, Re-
ceiver. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Texas
denied.
No. 525. Amos Cotney, petitioner, v. The State of Alabama. Pe-
tition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals of Alabama.
denied.
2

MONDAY, JANUARY 6, 1947
115
No. 700. Borg-Warner Corporation and David E. Gamble, peti-
tioners, v. George I. Goodwin and John F. Daukus. Petition for writ
of certiorari to the Circuit Court of Appeals for the Sixth Circuit
denied.
No. 702. Marion F. Johnson, petitioner, v. The State of Florida.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Florida denied.
No. 710. Edward Schwarz, Jeremiah Lott, Joseph K. Brown, et al.,
petitioners, v. Township Committee of Maplewood, New Jersey, et al.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of New Jersey
denied.
No. 712. Harry Cassman, as Receiver of St. Charles Hotel Com-
pany, etc., petitioner, v. Abraham Kurzrock et al. Petition for writ
of certiorari to the Circuit Court of Appeals for the Third Circuit
denied.
No. 719. Spokane Portland Cement Company et al., Executors of
the Estate of W. N. Bennett, Deceased, petitioners, v. Chester W.
Swanson et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of
Appeals for the Ninth Circuit denied.
No. 721. Raymond N. Sabourin, petitioner, v. The United States
of America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of
Appeals for the Second Circuit denied.
No. 730. L. W. Reigel, petitioner, v. George M. Harrison, Indi-
vidually and as Grand President of the Grand Lodge of the Brother-
hood of Railway and Steamship Clerks, etc., et al. Petition for writ
of certiorari to the Circuit Court of Appeals for the Sixth Circuit
denied.
No. 734. Baker Castor Oil Company, petitioner, v. Insurance Com-
pany of North America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Cir-
cuit Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit denied.
No. 740. The Foxboro Company, petitioner, v. Taylor Instrument
Companies. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of
Appeals for the Second Circuit denied.
No. 526. 315 West 97th Street Realty Co., Inc., et al., petitioners,
v. Philip B. Fleming, Temporary Controls Administrator. Petition
for writ of certiorari to the United States Emergency Court of Ap-
peals denied.
No. 653. Northwestern Mutual Life Insurance Company, peti-
tioner, v. T. E. Suttles, as Tax Collector of Fulton County, Georgia,
et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Georgia
denied.
I
M
f
+1
1
'
"

MONDAY, JANUARY 6, 1947
116
No. 694. Anna M. Victor and Edward H. Green, as Trustees
Under the Will of Royall Victor, Deceased, petitioners, v. Philip B.
Fleming, Temporary Controls Administrator. Petition for writ of
certiorari to the United States Emergency Court of Appeals denied.
No. 699. J. W. Swent and Ursula L. Swent (Husband and Wife),
petitioners, v. Commissioner of Internal Revenue. Petition for writ
of certiorari to the Circuit Court of Appeals for the Fourth Circuit
denied.
No. 722. Mildred McDonald, Now Mildred Muck, petitioner, v.
Bernard G. Shepherd. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit
Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit denied.
No. 729. James W. Beach, Executor Under the Will of Harry L.
Beach, Deceased, petitioner, v. Harry F. Busey, Collector of Internal
Revenue. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of Ap-
peals for the Sixth Circuit denied.
No. 733. Interstate Natural Gas Company, Incorporated, peti-
tioner, v. Federal Power Commission et al. Petition for writ of cer-
tiorari to the Circuit Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 596. Cecil L. Wright, petitioner, v. James A. Johnston,
Warden, United States Penitentiary, Alcatraz, California; and
No. 44, Misc. Cecil L. Wright, petitioner, v. James A. Johnston,
Warden, etc. The motion for leave to proceed in forma pauperis is
granted. The motion for leave to file petition for writ of habeas
corpus is denied. The petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit
Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit is denied.
No. 743. The Lincoln National Bank of Washington et al., Execu-
tors of the Estate of Michael E. Buckley, petitioners, v. Karl Kindle-
berger, Administrator of the Estate of Julia C. Buckley. The motion
for leave to file brief of Life Insurance Association of America and
National Association of Life Underwriters as amici curiae is granted.
The petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of
Appeals for the District of Columbia is denied.
No. 159. George Ross, petitioner, v. Joseph E. Ragen, Warden, etc.
On petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Illinois;
No. 180. Livingston Taylor, petitioner, v. People of the State of
Illinois. On petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of
Illinois;
No. 258. Stanley Raymond, petitioner, v. Joseph E. Ragen,
Warden, etc. On petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court
of Will County, State of Illinois;

MONDAY, JANUARY 6, 1947
117
No. 277. Ralph Barton Butz, petitioner, v. Walter Nierstheimer,
Warden, etc. On petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court
of Illinois;
No. 415. Fred Singer, petitioner, v. Joseph E. Ragen, Warden, etc.
On petition for writ of certiorari to the Criminal Court of Cook
County, State of Illinois;
No. 447. Richard Bennett, petitioner, v. Joseph E. Ragen, Warden,
etc. On petition for writ of certiorari to the Criminal Court of Cook
County and Circuit Court of Will County, State of Illinois;
No. 611. August Faucetta, petitioner, v. The People of the State
of New York. On petition for writ of certiorari to the County Court
of Nassau County, State of New York;
No. 704. John R. Johnson, petitioner, v. Nathan Mayo, as State
Prison Custodian. On petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme
Court of Florida;
No. 707. Dewey Wallace McMurtrey, petitioner, v. Honorable Tom
C. Clark. On petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia;
No. 720. Robert Brown, petitioner, v. Gerald F. Bush, Warden, etc.
On petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Michigan;
No. 757. Elmer Davis, petitioner, v. Joseph E. Ragen, Warden, etc.
On petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Illinois;
No. 783. Joseph Scarpinato, petitioner, v. Joseph E. Ragen,
Warden, etc. On petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court
of Illinois;
No. 784. Sylvester Lewis, petitioner, v. People of the State of
Illinois. On petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of
Illinois;
No. 785. William M. Evans, petitioner, v. Joseph E. Ragen,
Warden, etc. On petition for writ of certiorari to the Criminal Court
of Cook County, State of Illinois;
No. 795. Walker Kimler, petitioner, v. Joseph E. Ragen, Warden,
etc. On petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of Appeals
for the Seventh Circuit;
No. 796. Robert Holland, petitioner, v. Joseph E. Ragen, Warden,
etc. On petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of Will
County, State of Illinois;
No. 797. Renzo Taylor, petitioner, v. Joseph E. Ragen, Warden,
etc. On petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of
Illinois;
No. 798. George Reed, petitioner, v. Joseph E. Ragen, Warden, etc.
On petition for writ of certiorari to the Criminal Court of Cook
County, State of Illinois; and
a

MONDAY, JANUARY 6, 1947
118
No. 799. John Brill, petitioner, v. Joseph E. Ragen, Warden, etc.
On petition for writ of certiorari to the Criminal Court of Cook
County, State of Illinois. The motions for leave to proceed in forma
pauperis are granted. The petitions for writs of certiorari are denied.
No. 397. Robert Nichols Clarke, petitioner, v. Joseph W. Sanford,
Warden, etc. The motion for leave to proceed in forma pauperis is
granted. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of Ap-
peals for the Fifth Circuit dismissed on motion of the petitioner.
No. 50, Misc. Ex parte Robert Nichols Clarke, petitioner. Leave
granted to withdraw the motion for leave to file petition for writ of
habeas corpus on motion of the petitioner.
No. 657. Louise Peete, petitioner, v. The People of the State of
California; and
No. 693. James Steele, petitioner, v. The People of the State of
New York. The petitions for rehearing are denied.
No. 334. Frank Stuart Fowler, petitioner, v. Howard B. Gill,
General Superintendent, D. C. Penal Institutions. The application
for a rule to show cause and the motion to substitute Donald Clammer
for Howard B. Gill as the party respondent are denied. The petition
for rehearing is also denied.
No. 556. Cities Service Gas Company, petitioner, v. Federal Power
Commission, Public Service Commission of the State of Missouri, et al.
The motions of American Petroleum Institute, Independent Petroleum
Association of America, Independent Natural Gas Association of
America, and Mid-Continent Oil & Gas Association for leave to file
briefs as amici curiae are granted. The petition for rehearing is
denied.
The following order was adopted by the Supreme Court on December
27, 1946:
Ordered:
ORDER
1. That subdivisions (a) and (b) of Rule 80 of the Rules of Civil
Procedure, be, and they hereby are, abrogated.
2. That Rules 6, 7, 12, 13, 14, 17, 24, 26, 27, 28, 33, 34, 36, 41, 45, 52, 54,
56, 58, 59, 60, 62, 65, 66, 68, 73, 75, 77, 79, 81, 84, and 86 of the Rules
of Civil Procedure and Forms Nos. 17, 20, 22, and 25, be and they
hereby are amended as hereinafter set forth.
3. That the Chief Justice be authorized to transmit these amend-
ments to the Attorney General with the request that he report them
to the Congress at the beginning of the regular session in January
1947.
"
$

MONDAY, JANUARY 6, 1947
119
Mr. Justice Frankfurter joins in approval of the proposed amend-
ments essentially because of his confidence in the informed judgment
of the Advisory Committee on Rules of Civil Procedure.
(Here follow amendments of Rules of Civil Procedure.)
No. 140. Rene De Meerleer, petitioner, v. The People of the State
of Michigan. Argued by Mr. David W. Louisell for the petitioner
and by Mr. Edmund E. Shepherd for the respondent.
No. 690. Insurance Group Committee, Reorganization Committee,
Guaranty Trust Company of New York, Trustee, et al., petitioners, v.
The Denver and Rio Grande Western Railroad Company et al.
Argued by Mr. George D. Gibson and Mr. Kenneth F. Burgess for the
petitioners, and by Mr. Frank C. Nicodemus, Jr., and Mr. William V.
Hodges for the respondents.
No. 97. Julius A. Krug, Secretary of the Interior, et al., petitioners,
v. Santa Fe Pacific Railroad Company; and
No. 98. Julius A. Krug, Secretary of the Interior, et al., petitioners,
v. Santa Fe Pacific Railroad Company. Argument commenced by
Mr. Frederick Bernays Wiener for the petitioners.
Adjourned until tomorrow at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Tuesday, January 7, will be as follows: Nos. 97
(and 98), 229, 190, 208, 148 (and 149, 150, 151, and 155), 94
(and 96), 241, 658, 209, and 287.
x

1
TUESDAY, JANUARY 7, 1947
120
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: Mr. Chief Justice Vinson, Mr. Justice Black, Mr. Justice
Reed, Mr. Justice Frankfurter, Mr. Justice Douglas, Mr. Justice
Murphy, Mr. Justice Jackson, Mr. Justice Rutledge, and Mr. Justice
Burton.
Richmond C. Coburn, of Saint Louis, Mo.; Arthur O. Jones, of
Washington, D. C.; Allan L. Kamerow, of Washington, D. C.; Robert
O. Campbell, of Bath, N. Y.; and Richard Coblentz, of San Francisco,
Calif., were admitted to practice.
No. 97. Julius A. Krug, Secretary of the Interior, et al., peti-
tioners, v. Santa Fe Pacific Railroad Company; and
No. 98. Julius A. Krug, Secretary of the Interior, et al., peti-
tioners, v. Santa Fe Pacific Railroad Company. Argument contin-
ued by Mr. Frederick Bernays Wiener for the petitioners, by Mr.
Lawrence H. Cake for the respondent, and concluded by Mr. Frederick
Bernays Wiener for the petitioners.
No. 229. Robert P. Patterson, Secretary of War, et al., petitioners,
v. James John Lamb. Argued by Mr. Frederick Bernays Wiener for
the petitioners and by Mr. Roger Robb for the respondent.
No. 190. Zachary Bozza, petitioner, v. The United States of
America. Argued by Mr. W. Marvin Smith for the respondent and
submitted by Mr. Harold Simandl for the petitioner.
No. 208. Transparent-Wrap Machine Corporation, petitioner, v.
Stokes & Smith Company. Argument commenced by Mr. R. Morton
Adam's for the petitioner.
Adjourned until tomorrow at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Wednesday, January 8, will be as follows: Nos.
208, 148 (149, 150, 151, and 155), 94 (and 96), 241, 658, 209,
287, 265, 56 (and 57), and 400.
☑
"
1
"
705009-47-39
17

WEDNESDAY, JANUARY 8, 1947
121
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: Mr. Chief Justice Vinson, Mr. Justice Black, Mr. Justice
Reed, Mr. Justice Frankfurter, Mr. Justice Douglas, Mr. Justice
Murphy, Mr. Justice Jackson, Mr. Justice Rutledge, and Mr. Justice
Burton.
Alexander J. Resa, of Chicago, Ill.; Lawrence T. Phelan, of Phila-
delphia, Pa.; Claude Elbert Goodwin, of Ripley, W. Va.; John H.
Midlen, of Washington, D. C.; Jerry D'Unger, of Corpus Christi,
Tex.; Geo. O. Sutton, of Washington, D. C.; George MacClain, of
Seattle, Wash.; and Samuel Shapiro, of New York, N. Y., were ad-
mitted to practice.
No. 208. Transparent-Wrap Machine Corporation, petitioner, v.
Stokes & Smith Company. Argument continued by Mr. Morton
Adams for the petitioner and concluded by Mr. Samuel E. Darby, Jr.,
for the respondent.
No. 148. Edgar S. Albrecht and Geraldine Albrecht, His Wife, et
al., petitioners, v. The United States of America;
No. 149. Edward J. Linnenbringer, petitioner, v. The United
States of America;
No. 150. Dennis B. Pitman and May Dell Pitman, petitioners, v.
The United States of America;
No. 151. A. Ray Oliver, Executor of the Estate of Lola Castlio
Oliver, Deceased, et al., petitioners, v. The United States of America;
and
No. 155. Q. W. S. S. Realty and Investment Company, petitioner,
v. The United States of America. Argument commenced by Mr. Rich-
mond C. Coburn for the petitioners, continued by Mr. Roger P. Mar-
quis for the respondent, and concluded by Mr. Samuel M. Watson for
the petitioners. Leave granted petitioners to file reply brief within
ten (10) days.
No. 94. The United States, petitioner, v. N. Y. Rayon Importing
Co., Inc. (No. 2), and Alfred L. Rose, Norman S. Goetz, et al.; and
No. 96. N. Y. Rayon Importing Co., Inc. (No. 2), and Alfred L.
Rose, Norman S. Goetz, et al., petitioners, v. The United States. Ar-
gued by Mr. Joseph M. Proskauer for N. Y. Rayon Importing Co., Inc.,
et al., and by Mr. Samuel D. Slade for the United States.
Adjourned until tomorrow at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Thursday, January 9, will be as follows: Nos. 241,
658, 209, 287, 265, 56 (and 57), 400, 759 (and 760, 781, 782, and
811), 141, and 95.
705009-47-40
1
11
☑

THURSDAY, JANUARY 9, 1947
122
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: Mr. Chief Justice Vinson, Mr. Justice Black, Mr. Justice
Reed, Mr. Justice Frankfurter, Mr. Justice Douglas, Mr. Justice
Murphy, Mr. Justice Jackson, Mr. Justice Rutledge, and Mr. Justice
Burton.
Jack T. Conn, of Ada, Okla.; Joseph I. Bulger, of Chicago, Ill.;
and Sherman E. Burt, of Washington, D. C., were admitted to practice.
No. 241. Conway C. Craig, Bob McCracken, and Tom Mulvany,
petitioners, v. John B. Harney, Sheriff of Nueces County, Texas.
Argued by Mr. Ireland Graves and Mr. Marcellus G. Eckhardt for
the petitioners and by Mr. Jerry D'Unger for the respondent.
No. 658. Packard Motor Car Company, petitioner, v. National
Labor Relations Board. Argued by Mr. Louis F. Dahling for the
petitioner and by Mr. Gerhard P. Van Arkel for the respondent.
Leave granted petitioner to file a reply brief within ten (10) days.
No. 209. Adam A. Adams, petitioner, v. Commissioner of Internal
Revenue. Argument commenced by Mr. Sydney A. Gutkin for the
petitioner.
Adjourned until tomorrow at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Friday, January 10, will be as follows: Nos. 209,
287, 265, 56 (and 57), 400, 759 (and 760, 781, 782, and 811),
141, 95, 102, and 453.
☑
705009-47-41

FRIDAY, JANUARY 10, 1947
123
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: Mr. Chief Justice Vinson, Mr. Justice Black, Mr. Justice
Reed, Mr. Justice Frankfurter, Mr. Justice Douglas, Mr. Justice
Murphy, Mr. Justice Jackson, Mr. Justice Rutledge, and Mr. Justice
Burton.
Calvin H. Rankin, of Philadelphia, Pa.; Philip Wallis, of Phila-
delphia, Pa.; Eugene M. Thoré, of Washington, D. C.; Frederick
C. Nash, of Detroit, Mich.; Carl E. Hoffman, of Allegan, Mich.;
Charles Hilsenroth, of New York, N. Y.; Edward August Waldmann,
of Washington, D. C.; Arthur J. Phelan, of Washington, D. C.; and
James A. Durham, of Bloomington, Ind., were admitted to practice.
No. 209. Adam A. Adams, petitioner, v. Commissioner of Internal
Revenue. Argument continued by Mr. Sydney A. Gutkin for the
petitioner, by Mr. J. Louis Monarch for the respondent, and con-
cluded by Mr. Sydney A. Gutkin for the petitioner.
No. 287. J. Robert Bazley, petitioner, v. Commissioner of Internal
Revenue. Argued by Mr. Henry S. Drinker for the petitioner and
by Mr. J. Louis Monarch for the respondent.
No. 265. Frank A. Cardillo, Deputy Commissioner, United States
Employees' Compensation Commission, petitioner, v. Liberty Mutual
Insurance Company et al. Argued by Mr. Philip Elman for the
petitioner and by Mr. Arthur J. Phelan for the respondents.
Adjourned until Monday, next, at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Monday, January 13, will be as follows: Nos. 56
(and 57), 400, 141, 759 (and 760, 781, 782, and 811), 95, 102,
453, 367, 320, and 270.
☑
705009-47- -42

MONDAY, JANUARY 13, 1947.
124
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: Mr. Chief Justice Vinson, Mr. Justice Black, Mr. Justice
Reed, Mr. Justice Frankfurter, Mr. Justice Douglas, Mr. Justice
Murphy, Mr. Justice Jackson, Mr. Justice Rutledge, and Mr. Justice
Burton.
John M. Ennis, of Los Angeles, Calif.; B. E. Hendricks, of Miami,
Fla.; Carroll Hudson Tunicliffe Jones, of Hempstead, N. Y.; George
D. Nelson, of Minden, La.; Harry A. Fathauer, of Chicago, Ill.; Zack
T. Ritsos, of Chicago, Ill.; David A. Morgan, of Peoria, Ill.; Benjamin
F. Lindas, of Washington, D. C.; Abraham M. Fisch, of New York,
N. Y.; and Alfred O. Bjorklund, of Minneapols, Minn., were admitted
to practice.
No. 47. George E. Hickman, as Administrator of the Estate of
Norman E. Hickman, Deceased, petitioner, v. John M. Taylor and
George Anderson, Individually and Trading as Taylor & Anderson
Towing and Lighterage Company, et al. On writ of certiorari to the
United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Third Circuit. Judg-
ment affirmed and case remanded to the District Court of the United
States for the Eastern District of Pennsylvania. Opinion by Mr.
Justice Murphy. Concurring opinion by Mr. Justice Jackson in
which Mr. Justice Frankfurter joins.
No. 63. The Order of Railway Conductors of America, H. W.
Fraser, President, et al., petitioners, v. O. E. Swan, T. K. Faherty,
R. A. Knoff, et al.; and
No. 64. F. J. Williams, William Bishop, Paul M. Carter, et al., etc.,
petitioners, v. O. E. Swan, T. K. Faherty, R. A. Knoff, et al. On writs
of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the
Seventh Circuit. Judgments affirmed with costs and cases remanded
to the District Court of the United States for the Northern District
of Illinois. Opinion by Mr. Justice Murphy. Separate opinion by
Mr. Justice Frankfurter.
No. 87. A. M. Anderson, Receiver of National Bank of Kentucky,
Louisville, Kentucky, petitioner, v. Irvin Yungkau, Executor of the
Estate of Albert Yungkau, Deceased; H. E. Franz, Executor of the
Estate of William R. Gilpin, Deceased; Lucy Logan Massie, Executrix
of the Estate of William K. Massie, Deceased, et al. On writ of
705009-47- -43

MONDAY, JANUARY 13, 1947
125
certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Sixth
Circuit. Judgment affirmed with costs and case remanded to the Dis-
trict Court of the United States for the Eastern District of Kentucky.
Opinion by Mr. Justice Douglas. Dissenting opinion by Mr. Justice
Rutledge in which Mr. Justice Burton joins. The Chief Justice and
Mr. Justice Reed took no part in the consideration or decision of this
case.
No. 142. State of Louisiana, ex rel. Willie Francis, petitioner, v.
E. L. Resweber, Sheriff of the Parish of St. Martin, Louisiana, et al.
On writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of the State of Louisiana.
Judgment affirmed. Mr. Justice. Reed announced the judgment of
the Court and an opinion in which the Chief Justice, Mr. Justice Black
and Mr. Justice Jackson join. Concurring opinion by Mr. Justice
Frankfurter. Dissenting opinion by Mr. Justice Burton in which
Mr. Justice Douglas, Mr. Justice Murphy, and Mr. Justice Rutledge
concur.
No. 88. Helene A. Jesionowski, Administratrix, petitioner, v. Bos-
ton & Maine Railroad. On writ of certiorari to the United States Cir-
cuit Court of Appeals for the First Circuit. Judgment reversed with
costs and case remanded to the District Court of the United States
for the District of Massachusetts for proceedings in conformity with
the opinion of this Court. Opinion by Mr. Justice Black. Dissent-
ing: Mr. Justice Reed, Mr. Justice Jackson and Mr. Justice Burton.
The Chief Justice said:
"The orders of the Court appear upon the list certified by the Chief
Justice and filed with the Clerk and will not be announced orally."
No. 58, Misc. Ex parte Bernard M. Shotkin, petitioner. The mo-
tion for oral argument is denied.,
No. 90, Misc. Ex parte William Bailey, petitioner. The motion for
leave to file petition for writ of habeas corpus is denied.
⚫ No. 343. State of New York, State of Delaware, State of Indiana,
et al., appellants, v. United States of America, Interstate Commerce
Commission, State of Alabama, et al.;
No. 344. State of Maine, State of New Hampshire, State of Ver-
mont, et al., appellants, v. United States of America, Interstate Com-
merce Commission, et al.; and
No. 345. The Atchison, Topeka and Santa Fe Railway Company
et al., appellants v. United States of America, Interstate Commerce
Commission, State of Alabama, et al. The motions for a continuance
are granted and the cases are reassigned for argument on Monday,
March 3, next.
..
R
M
Whe

MONDAY, JANUARY 13, 1947
126
No. 572. Schine Chain Theatres, Inc., et al., appellants, v. The
United States of America. The motion for leave to file a new state-
ment as to jurisdiction is granted.
No. 703. Hyman Rappy, petitioner, v. The United States of Amer-
ica. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of Appeals
for the Second Circuit denied.
No. 717. Edwin B. H. Tower, Jr., petitioner, v. Water Hammer
Arrester Corp. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court
of Appeals for the Seventh Circuit denied.
No. 744. Michael Salzman, petitioner, v. London Coat of Boston,
Inc. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of Appeals
for the First Circuit denied.
No. 754. W. G. Kordewick, Henry Potrafke, Lawrence E. Pecor,
et al., petitioners, v. Indiana Harbor Belt Railroad Company. Peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of Appeals for the
Seventh Circuit denied.
⚫ No. 787. Stella Chisholm, Administratrix of the Estate of Howard
Llewellyn Chisholm, Deceased, petitioner, v. Reading Company.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of Appeals for the
Third Circuit denied.
No. 758. Joseph W. Frazer, petitioner, v. Commissioner of Internal
Revenue. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of Ap-
peals for the Sixth Circuit denied. Mr. Justice Murphy took no part
in the consideration or decision of this application.
No. 786. David Rubin, petitioner, v. People of the State of New
York. On petition for writ of certiorari to the County Court of
Orange County, State of New York;
No. 788. James Fasano, petitioner, v. The People of the State of
New York. On petition for writ of certiorari to the County Court
of King's County, State of New York;
No. 802. Walter B. Smith, petitioner, v. State of Indiana. On pe-
tition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Indiana;
No. 807. David Strong, petitioner, v. Joseph E. Ragen, Warden,
etc. On petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of Kane
County, State of Illinois;
No. 817. Kenneth Rucker, petitioner, v. Joseph E. Ragen, Warden,
etc. On petition for writ of certiorari to the Criminal Court of Cook
County, State of Illinois;
No. 828. Joseph Williams, petitioner, v. Joseph E. Ragen, Warden,
etc. On petition for writ of certiorari to the Criminal Court of Cook
County, State of Illinois; and

MONDAY, JANUARY 13, 1947
127
No. 830. Vito Nitti, petitioner, v. Joseph E. Ragen, Warden, etc.
On petition for writ of certiorari to the Criminal Court of Cook
County, State of Illinois. The motions for leave to proceed in forma
pauperis are granted. The petitions for writs of certiorari are de-
nied.
No. 3. Elmira G. Freeman, as Successor Trustee Under the Will
and of the Estate of Henry C. Starr, Deceased, appellant, v. Gilbert
K. Hewit, Director of Gross Income Tax Division, Department of
Treasury, State of Indiana;
No. 454. Joseph B. Fleming and Aaron Colnon, Trustees of the
Chicago, Rock Island and Pacific Railway Company, et al., petitioners,
v. John C. Traphagen et al.;
No. 496. William M. Lee, petitioner, v. The Department of Public
Welfare and State Parole Board;
No. 672. Soewapadji and 218 Alien Indonesian Seamen Similarly.
Situated, petitioners, v. I. F. Wixon, As Custodian of Petitioners in
the United States;
No. 679. Market Street Railway Company, petitioner, v. Railroad
Commission of the State of California et al.; and
No. 689. Freeman J. Thomson, Administrator of the Estate of
Arthur W. Thomson, Deceased, petitioner, v. Caroline Thomson. The
petitions for rehearing are denied.
No. 42. Vanston Bondholders Protective Committee, petitioner, v.
Louis A. Green et al.; and
No. 43. Vanston Bondholders Protective Committee, petitioner, v.
Carl B. Early et al.;
· No. 44. Vanhorn Bondholders Protective Committee, petitioner, v.
Louis A. Green et al.; and
No. 45. Vanhorn Bondholders Protective Committee, petitioner, v.
Carl B. Early et al. The petitions for rehearing are denied. Mr.
Justice Reed took no part in the consideration or decision of these
applications. Mr. Justice Frankfurter and Mr. Justice Jackson are
of the opinion that the petitions should be granted.
The Court will take a recess from Monday, January 20, until Mon-
day, February 3, next.
No. 56. The United States of America, petitioner, v. Legh R.
Powell, Jr., and Henry W. Anderson, as Receivers of the Properties
and Assets of Seaboard Air Line Railway Company; and
0
ས་
ง
+

MONDAY, JANUARY 13, 1947
128
No. 57. The United States of America, petitioner, v. Atlantic Coast
Line Railroad Company. Argued by Mr. Robert L. Werner for the
petitioner, by Mr. Thomas L. Preston for the respondents in No. 56,
and by Mr. Thomas W. Davis for the respondent in No. 57.
No. 400. Northern Pacific Railway Company, petitioner, v. The
United States of America. Argued by Mr. Lorenzo B. daPonte for
the petitioner and by Mr. Robert L. Werner for the respondent.
Adjourned until tomorrow at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Tuesday, January 14, will be as follows: Nos. 759
(and 760, 781, 782, and 811), 141, 95, 102, 453, 320, 270, 335
(and 336), 367, and 371.
Х
་
"
!
ト

TUESDAY, JANUARY 14, 1947
129
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: Mr. Chief Justice Vinson, Mr. Justice Black, Mr. Justice
Reed, Mr. Justice Frankfurter, Mr. Justice Douglas, Mr. Justice
Murphy, Mr. Justice Jackson, Mr. Justice Rutledge, and Mr. Justice
Burton.
Edward D. McLaughlin, of Little Rock, Ark.; Maurice J. Gordon,
of St. Louis, Mo.; George N. Mecham, of Omaha, Nebr.; William A.
Tautges, of Minneapolis, Minn.; Walter J. Welch, of Minneapolis,
Minn.; Bruno Berk, of Newark, N. J.; Mose Silverman, of Omaha,
Nebr.; Joseph B. Hobbs, of Arlington, Va.; William James Costello,
of Great Falls, Mont.; and Edward D. Wynot, of New York, N. Y.,
were admitted to practice.
No. 759. The United States of America, petitioner, v. United
Mine Workers of America, an Unincorporated Association;
No. 760. The United States of America, petitioner, v. John L.
Lewis, Individually and as President of the United Mine Workers of
America;
No. 781. United Mine Workers of America, an Unincorporated
Association, petitioner, v. The United States of America;
No. 782. John L. Lewis, Individually and as President of the
United Mine Workers of America, petitioner, v. The United States
of America; and
No. 811. United Mine Workers of America, an Unincorporated
Association, and John L. Lewis, Individually and as President of
the United Mine Workers of America, petitioners, v. The United
States of America. Three and one-half hours allowed for oral argu-
ment. Argument commenced by Mr. Attorney General Clark for the
United States; continued by Mr. Welly K. Hopkins and Mr. Joseph A.
Padway for the United Mine Workers and John L. Lewis; and con-
cluded by Mr. Assistant Attorney General Sonnett for the United
States. Leave granted to file briefs of the Congress of Industrial
Organizations, Workers Defense League, National Lawyers Guild,
and National Maritime Union of America, CIO, as amici curiae.
No. 141. The Confederated Bands of the Ute Indians, petitioners,
v. The United States. Argument commenced by Mr. Ernest L. Wil-
kinson for the petitioners.
Adjourned until tomorrow at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Wednesday, January 15, will be as follows: Nos.
141, 95, 102, 453, 320, 270, 335 (and 336), 367, and 371.
705009-47- -44
"
1
*
}
i
✓

WEDNESDAY, JANUARY 15, 1947
130
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: Mr. Chief Justice Vinson, Mr. Justice Black, Mr. Justice.
Reed, Mr. Justice Frankfurter, Mr. Justice Douglas, Mr. Justice
Murphy, Mr. Justice Jackson, Mr. Justice Rutledge, and Mr. Justice
Burton.
3
Harold H. Fulk, of Little Rock, Ark.; John Claud Simon, of Cam-
den, N. J.; Lester A. Drenk, of Camden, N. J.; William S. Zink, of
Camden, N. J.; Howard R. Yocum, of Camden, N. J.; Benjamin F.
Friedman, of Camden, N. J.; Robert B. Hamer, of Omaha. Nebr.;
James J. Mennis, of New York, N. Y.; Francis R. Curry, of New
York, N. Y.; Glen A. Wilkinson, of Washington, D. C.; Lawrence E.
Hart, of Madison, Wis.; Bernard F. Ladon, of San Antonio, Tex.;
Joseph Cohn, of New York, N. Y.; Barney Joseph Keren, of Arling-
ton, Va.; and Daniel L. Boland, of Wilkes-Barre, Pa., were admitted
to practice.
No. 53. The United States of America, petitioner, v. Paul David
Sheridan. Time within which to file a petition for rehearing ex-
tended to January 27 upon motion of counsel for the petitioner.
No. 141. The Confederated Bands of the Ute Indians, petitioners,
v. The United States. Argument continued by Mr. Ernest L. Wilkin-
son for the petitioners, by Mr. Marvin J. Sonosky for the respond-
ent, and concluded by Mr. Ernest L. Wilkinson for the petitioners.
No. 95. Aircraft & Diesel Equipment Corporation, appellant, v.
Maurice Hirsch, E. D. McDougal, John R. Paul, et al. Argued by
Mr. Arthur R. Hall for the appellant and by Mr. Robert L. Stern for
the appellees.
No. 102. Admiral Dewey Adamson, appellant, v. People of the
State of California. Argument commenced by Mr. Morris Lavine
for the appellant.
Adjourned until tomorrow at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Thursday, January 16, will be as follows: Nos.
102, 453, 320, 270, and 335 (and 336).
☑
705009-47--45

THURSDAY, JANUARY 16, 1947
131
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present : Mr. Chief Justice Vinson, Mr. Justice Black, Mr. Justice
Reed, Mr. Justice Frankfurter, Mr. Justice Douglas, Mr. Justice
Murphy, Mr. Justice Jackson, Mr. Justice Rutledge, and Mr. Justice
Burton.
Robert P. Sullivan, of Stockton, Calif.; W. Victor Rodin, of Phila-
delphia, Pa.; William Jack Chow, of San Francisco, Calif.; Henry
R. Heebner, of Philadelphia, Pa.; Jack A. Donnelley, of San Diego,
Calif.; Peter Hofstra, of Paterson, N. J.; William W. Kapell, of New
York City; Edward J. Fruchtman, of New York City; Randall T.
Elliott, of University Heights, Ohio; J. Richard Riggles, Jr., of
Jackson Heights, N. Y.; Gilbert Goldstein, of New York City; Law-
rence Kovalsky, of New York City; and John Harold Hughes, of
Honolulu, Hawaii, were admitted to practice.
No. 335. L. Metcalfe Walling, Administrator of the Wage and
Hour Division, United States Department of Labor, petitioner, v. The
Nashville, Chattanooga & St. Louis Railway. Motion for leave to
file brief of Railway Labor Executives' Association as amicus curiae
submitted by Mr. Lester P. Schoene in support thereof and by Mr.
Watson Whitwell for the respondent in opposition thereto. Leave
granted to file with leave to the respondent to reply hereafter.
No. 875. Philip B. Fleming, Temporary Controls Administrator,
petitioner, v. Royal Lee, doing business as Vitamin Products Company.
Time within which to serve petition for writ of certiorari and record
extended to a date not later than 10 days after the giving of notice by
the Clerk of this Court to counsel for petitioner that the printed record
has been delivered to such Clerk.
No. 102. Admiral Dewey Adamson, appellant, v. People of the
State of California. Argument continued by Mr. Morris Lavine for
the appellant; by Mr. Walter L. Bowers for the appellee; and con-
cluded by Mr. Morris Lavine for the appellant. Leave granted appel-
lant to file a reply brief.
705009-47- -46

THURSDAY, JANUARY 16, 1947
132
No. 453. The Penfield Company of California and A. W. Young,
petitioners, v. Securities and Exchange Commission. Argued by Mr.
Morris Lavine for the petitioners and by Mr. Roger S. Foster for the
respondent.
No. 320. Newton W. Ellis, petitioner, v. Union Pacific Railroad
Company. Argument commenced by Mr. George Mecham for the
petitioner.
Adjourned until tomorrow at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Friday, January 17, will be as follows: Nos. 320,
270, and 335 (and 336).
Х
"
"
12

FRIDAY, JANUARY 17, 1947
133
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: Mr. Chief Justice Vinson, Mr. Justice Black, Mr. Jus-
tice Reed, Mr. Justice Frankfurter, Mr. Justice Douglas, Mr. Justice
Murphy, Mr. Justice Jackson, Mr. Justice Rutledge, and Mr. Justice
Burton.
Jean McManus, of Sheridan, Wyo.; Joseph C. Turco, of Washing-
ton, D. C.; Edmond J. Donohue, Jr., of Pontiac, Mich.; Joseph E.
Hendricks, of De Land, Fla.; Arthur E. Aldrich, of Seattle, Wash.;
Oscar A. Mellin, of San Francisco, Calif.; and Godfrey H. Wende,
of Buffalo, N. Y., were admitted to practice.
No. 12, Original. The United States of America, complainant, v.
The State of California. This case is reassigned for argument on
March 12, next. Brief of the State of California to be served upon
the Solicitor General 15 days prior to argument.
No. 893. R. P. Hunter, petitioner, v. Texas Electric Railway Com-
pany. Time within which to serve petition for writ of certiorari
and record extended to a date not later than 10 days after the giving
of notice by the Clerk of this Court to counsel for petitioner that the
printed record has been delivered to such Clerk.
No. 320. Newton W. Ellis, petitioner, v. Union Pacific Railroad
Company. Argument continued by Mr. George Mecham for the pe-
titioner, by Mr. Robert B. Hamer for the respondent, and concluded
by Mr. George Mecham for the petitioner.
No. 270. Industrial Commission of Wisconsin, Leo Thomas Kopp,
and State of Wisconsin, petitioners, v. E. E. McCartin and Conti-
nental Casualty Company. Argued by Mr. Mortimer Levitan for the
petitioners and by Mr. Lawrence E. Hart for the respondents.
No. 335. L. Metcalfe Walling, Administrator of the Wage and Hour
Division, United States Department of Labor, petitioner, v. The
Nashville, Chattanooga & St. Louis Railway; and
No. 336. L. Metcalfe Walling, Administrator of the Wage and
Hour Division, United States Department of Labor, petitioner, v.
Portland Terminal Company. Argument commenced by Mr. William
705009-47-47

FRIDAY, JANUARY 17, 1947
134
S. Tyson for the petitioner, continued by Mr. E. Spencer Miller for
the respondent in No. 336, by Mr. Walton Whitwell for the respond-
ent in No. 335, and concluded by Mr. William S. Tyson for the
petitioner.
Adjourned until Monday, January 20, next, at 12 o'clock.
☑

MONDAY, JANUARY 20, 1947
135
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: Mr. Chief Justice Vinson, Mr. Justice Black, Mr. Justice
Reed, Mr. Justice Frankfurter, Mr. Justice Douglas, Mr. Justice
Murphy, Mr. Justice Jackson, Mr. Justice Rutledge, and Mr. Justice
Burton.
Edgar L. Morris, of Columbia, S. C.; Louis C. Wyman, of Man-
chester, N. H.; Symone S. Spector, of Baltimore, Md.; Lawrence I.
Shaw, of Omaha, Nebr.; Murray I. Gurfein, of New York, N. Y.;
Raleigh M. Sutton, of Washington, Ga.; Arthur J. Hilland, of Wash-
ington, D. C.; John W. Lederle, of Ann Arbor, Mich.; Solly K.
Frankenstein, of Fort Wayne, Ind.; Theodore W. Miller, of Chicago,
Ill.;
and Warner Fuller, of St. Louis, Mo., were admitted to practice.
No. 106. The United States, petitioner, v. The Thayer-West Point
Hotel Company. On writ of certiorari to the Court of Claims. Judg-
ment reversed to the extent that it includes an allowance for interest
and case remanded for proceedings in conformity with the opinion
of this Court. Opinion by Mr. Justice Murphy.
No. 62. Charles B. Morris, appellant, v. Paul F. Jones, Director
of Insurance of the State of Illinois. Appeal from the Supreme Court
of the State of Illinois. Appeal dismissed. Treating the appeal
papers as a petition for writ of certiorari, a.writ of certiorari is
granted. The judgment is reversed with costs and the case remanded
for further proceedings not inconsistent with the opinion of this Court.
Opinion by Mr. Justice Douglas. Dissenting opinion by Mr. Justice
Frankfurter in which Mr. Justice Black and Mr. Justice Rutledge
join.
No. 92. Walter P. Gardner, Trustee of the Central Railroad Com-
pany of New Jersey, petitioner, v. The State of New Jersey. On writ
of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the
Third Circuit. Judgment of Circuit Court of Appeals affirmed in
part and reversed in part and case remanded to the District Court of
the United States for the District of New Jersey for further proceed-
ings in conformity with the opinion of this Court. One-fourth of the
costs in this Court are to be taxed against petitioner and three-fourths
against respondent. Opinion by Mr. Justice Douglas.
705009-47- -48

MONDAY, JANUARY 20, 1947
136
No. 80. Jack Parker, Isidor M. Saks, Melvin Caplan, et al., peti-
tioners, v. Philip B. Fleming, Temporary Controls Administrator.
On writ of certiorari to the United States Emergency Court of
Appeals. Judgment reversed and case remanded to the Emergency
Court of Appeals for further proceedings in conformity with the
opinion of this Court. Opinion by Mr. Justice Black. Dissenting:
The Chief Justice, Mr. Justice Frankfurter, and Mr. Justice Burton.
No. 229. Robert P. Patterson, Secretary of War, and Edward F.
Witsell, the Adjutant General, United States Army, petitioners, v.
James John Lamb. On writ of certiorari to the United States Court
of Appeals for the District of Columbia. Judgment reversed and case
remanded to the District Court of the United States for the District of
Columbia for proceedings in conformity with the opinion of this
Court. Opinion by Mr. Justice Black.
The Chief Justice announced the following order of the Court:
No. 800. The United States of America, petitioner, v. Thomas.
Balogh. On petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of
Appeals for the Second Circuit. Per curiam: The petition for writ of
certiorari is granted. The judgment is vacated and the case is re-
manded to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals. Falbo v.
United States, 320 U. S. 549. Mr. Justice Murphy is of the opinion
that the petition. for certiorari should be denied.
The Chief Justice said:
"The other orders of the Court appear upon the list certified by the
Chief Justice and filed with the Clerk and will not be announced
orally."
No. 91, Misc. Ex parte William Watkins, petitioner;
No. 92, Misc. Ex parte Francis Haines, petitioner; and
No. 94, Misc. Ex parte Carl E. Owens, petitioner. The motions
for leave to file petitions for writs of certiorari are denied.
No. 79, Misc. Ex parte Emanuel Cannady, petitioner;
No. 93, Misc. Ex parte William Thomas, petitioner; and
No. 95, Misc. Ex parte James D. Kneisley, petitioner. The mo-
tions for leave to file petitions for writs of habeas corpus are denied.
No. 89. The United States of America, appellant, v. National Lead.
Company, Titan Company, Inc., and E. I. du Pont de Nemours and
Company, Inc. Further consideration of the motion to amend the
assignment of errors is postponed to the hearing of the case on the
merits.

MONDAY, JANUARY 20, 1947
137
No. 813. Denny Martini and Mildred Martini, Individually and
Doing Business as Lakeside Cut-Rate Liquor Store, petitioners, v.
Paul Porter, Price Administrator, Office of Price Administration.
The motion to substitute Philip B. Fleming, Temporary Controls
Administrator, as the party respondent herein is granted.
No. 572. Schine Chain Theatres, Inc., et al., appellants, v. The
United States of America. The petition for rehearing is granted.
The judgment entered December 16 is vacated and probable jurisdic-
tion is noted. Mr. Justice Jackson took no part in the consideration
or decision of this application.
No. 823. The United States of America, appellant, v. Paul Evans.
In this case probable jurisdiction is noted. The case is transferred to
the summary docket.
No. 715. State of Oklahoma and Champlin Refining Company,
petitioners, v. The United States of America. Petition for writ of cer-
tiorari to the Circuit Court of Appeals for the Tenth Circuit granted.
No. 793. The United States of America, petitioner, v. Elliott W.
Michener. The motion of the respondent for leave to proceed in forma
pauperis is granted. The petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit
Court of Appeals for the Eighth Circuit is granted and the case is
transferred to the summary docket.
No. 840. M. L. Kennedy, Warden, petitioner, v. United States ex
rel. John Myron Kulick. The motion to substitute Myrl Alexander
as the party petitioner herein is granted. The petition for writ of
certiorari to the Circuit Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit is
granted.
No. 535. Theodore Martin Sunal, petitioner, v. David R. Large,
Superintendent, Federal Prison Camp, Mill Point, W. Va. Petition
for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of Appeals for the Fourth
Circuit granted. The case is transferred to the summary docket and
assigned for hearing immediately following No. 840.
No. 435. Anna C. Dickheiser and Edward S. Birn, On Their Own
Behalf and On Behalf of All Other Stockholders of the Pennsyl-
vania Railroad Co., petitioners, v. The Pennsylvania Railroad Co., M.
W. Clement, C. Jared Ingersoll, et al. Petition for writ of certiorari
to the Circuit Court of Appeals for the Third Circuit denied.
No. 595. Julia A. Perrine and Matilda J. Feldman, petitioners, v.
The Pennroad Corporation, a Corporation of the State of Delaware,
et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Dela-
ware denied.

MONDAY, JANUARY 20, 1947
138
No. 603. Matilda J. Feldman, petitioner, v. Pennroad Corporation,
a Corporation of the State of Delaware. Petition for writ of certi-
orari to the Circuit Court of Appeals for the Third Circuit denied.
No. 662. Huey R. Lee, Jr., by His Next Friend L. D. Turberville,
petitioner, v. The State of Alabama. Petition for writ of certiorari
to the Supreme Court of Alabama denied.
No. 746. The Corbitt Company, petitioner, v. The United States.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Claims denied.
No. 747. Raymond Jackson, an Incompetent Person, by Phil Old-
ham, Next Friend and Guardian ad litem, petitioner, v. The Carter
Oil Company et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit
Court of Appeals for the Tenth Circuit denied.
No. 764. Interstate Hotel Company of Nebraska, petitioner, v.
Remick Music Corporation;
No. 765. Peony Park, petitioner, v. M. Witmark & Sons;
No. 766. Lloyd G. Fox, petitioner, v. Chappell & Co., Inc.; and
No. 767. Interstate Hotel Company of Nebraska, petitioner, v.
Jerome Kern and T. B. Harms Company. Petition for writs of certi-
orari to the Circuit Court of Appeals for the Eighth Circuit denied.
No. 771. Edward Vance, petitioner, v. American Society of Com-
posers, Authors, and Publishers, et al. Petition for writ of certiorari
to the District Court of the United States for the Western District of
Missouri denied.
No. 778. Thomas Flexible Coupling Company, petitioner, v. Com-
missioner of Internal Revenue. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
Circuit Court of Appeals for the Third Circuit denied.
No. 779. Elade Realty Corporation, petitioner, v. The United
States of America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court
of Appeals for the Second Circuit denied.
No. 790. R. R. Donnelly & Sons Company, petitioner, v. National
Labor Relations Board. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit
Court of Appeals for the Seventh Circuit denied.
No. 768. Lincoln Stores, Inc., petitioner, v. Nashua Manufactur-
ing Company. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of
Appeals for the First Circuit denied. Mr. Justice Black is of the
opinion that the petition should be granted.
No. 842. James Martine, petitioner, v. The People of the State of
New York. On petition for writ of certiorari to the County Court of
Kings County, State of New York;
No. 853. Kenneth H. Parker, petitioner, v. State of Indiana. On
petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Indiana;

MONDAY, JANUARY 20, 1947
139
No. 856. Earl Davis, petitioner, v. Joseph E. Ragen, Warden, etc.
On petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of Will County,
State of Illinois; and
No. 858. Charles Montiel, petitioner, v. Joseph E. Ragen, Warden,
etc. On petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of Will
County, State of Illinois. The motions for leave to proceed in forma
pauperis are granted. The petitions for writs of certiorari are denied.
No. 74, Misc. Wallace Phillips, petitioner, v. Joseph E. Ragen,
Warden, etc.;
No. 183. Ralph Henry Cahoon, Jr., petitioner, v. The United
States of America;
No. 538. Herman Berman, petitioner, v. The United States of
America;
No. 705. Kenneth Tressler, petitioner, v. Ada A. Tressler et al.;
and
No. 708. Clark & Clark, Charles L. Morris and Robert Brinton
Morris, Trading as Professional Laboratories, petitioners, v. Smith,
Kline & French Laboratories. The petitions for rehearing are denied.
No. 681. W. H. Tompkins Company, Now Tompkins Motor Lines,
Inc., appellant, v. The United States of America and Interstate Com-
merce Commission. The motion for leave to file a petition for rehear-
ing is granted. The petition for rehearing is denied.
No. 28. Alpine MacGregor, petitioner, v. Westinghouse Electric
& Manufacturing Company. Time to file petition for rehearing ex-
tended to February 13 and mandate stayed pending disposition of
petition on motion of counsel for respondent.
Adjourned until Monday, February 3, next, at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Monday, February 3, will be as follows: Nos. 184,
89 (and 90 and 91), 384, 207, 291, 385, 404, 103, 574, and 367.
12

MONDAY, FEBRUARY 3, 1947
140
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: Mr. Chief Justice Vinson, Mr. Justice Black, Mr. Justice
Reed, Mr. Justice Frankfurter, Mr. Justice Douglas, Mr. Justice
Jackson, Mr. Justice Rutledge, and Mr. Justice Burton.
Adam Monroe Byrd, of Meridian, Miss.; Edward L. Rea, of New
York, N. Y.; John B. Henrich, Jr., of Darien, Conn.; Adolfo García
Veve, of San Juan, P. R.; Stanfield B. Johnson, of Washington,
D. C.; Horace Carlyle Lowry, of Knoxville, Tenn.; Norton A. Torke,
of Milwaukee, Wis.; David C. Shaw, of Chicago, Ill.; Sidney A. Jones,
Jr., of Chicago, Ill.; Spencer Brownell, Jr., of Wilmington, Del.;
Albert Ellis Radinsky, of Denver, Colo.; William A. Belt, of Toledo,
Ohio; Abe Berkowitz, of Birmingham, Ala.; A. T. Fredericks, of
Boise, Idaho; and H. Wayne Unger, of Walterboro, S. C., were
admitted to practice.
No. 94. The United States. petitioner, v. N. Y. Rayon Importing
Co., Inc. (#2), and Alfred L. Rose, Norman S. Goetz, et al.; and
No. 96. N. Y. Rayon Importing Co., Inc. (#2), and Alfred L.
Rose, Norman S. Goetz, et al., petitioners, v. The United States. On
writs of certiorari to the Court of Claims. Judgment in No. 94 re-
versed to the extent that it includes an award of interest and case
remanded for proceedings in conformity with the opinion of this
Court. Cross writ of certiorari in No. 96 dismissed. Opinion by Mr.
Justice Murphy announced by Mr. Justice Rutledge.
No. 208. Transparent-Wrap Machine Corporation, petitioner, v.
Stokes & Smith Company. On writ of certiorari to the United States
Circuit Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit. Judgment reversed
with costs and case remanded to the Circuit Court of Appeals for
further proceedings in conformity with the opinion of this Court.
Opinion by Mr. Justice Douglas. Dissenting: Mr. Justice Black, Mr.
Justice Rutledge, Mr. Justice Burton, and Mr. Justice Murphy.
No. 320. Newton W. Ellis, petitioner, v. Union Pacific Railroad
Company. On writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of the State
of Nebraska. Judgment reversed with costs and case remanded for
further proceedings not inconsistent with the opinion of this Court.
Opinion by Mr. Justice Douglas.
No. 690. Insurance Group Committee, Reorganization Committee,
Guaranty Trust Company of New York, Trustee, et al., petitioners, v.
The Denver and Rio Grande Western Railroad Company et al. On
705009-47- -49
".
1

MONDAY, FEBRUARY 3, 1947
141
writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for
the Tenth Circuit. Order of the Circuit Judge in directing a stay
of the consummation of the reorganization plan vacated and order
of the District Judge of October 30, 1946, denying petition for re-
examination of the plan affirmed, petitioners to recover their costs
in this Court. The case is remanded to the District Court of the
United States for the District of Colorado. Opinion by Mr. Justice
Reed. Dissenting opinion by Mr. Justice Frankfurter.
No. 97. Julius A. Krug, Secretary of the Interior, et al., petition-
ers, v. Santa Fe Pacific Railroad Company; and
No. 98. Julius A. Krug, Secretary of the Interior, et al., petition-
ers, v. Santa Fe Pacific Railroad Company. On writs of certiorari to
the United States Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia.
Judgment reversed and cases remanded to the District Court of the
United States for the District of Columbia for proceedings in con-
formity with the opinion of this Court. Opinion by Mr. Justice Black.
No. 148. Edgar S. Albrecht and Geraldine Albrecht, His Wife,
et al., petitioners, v. The United States of America;
No. 149. Edward J. Linnenbringer, petitioner, v. The United
States of America;
No. 150. Dennis B. Pitman and May Dell Pitman, petitioners, v.
The United States of America;
No. 151. A. Ray Oliver, Executor of the Estate of Lola Castlio
Oliver, Deceased, et al., petitioners, v. The United States of America;
and
No. 155. Q. W. S. S. Realty and Investment Company, petitioner,
v. The United States of America. On writs of certiorari to the United
States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Eighth Circuit. Judgments
affirmed and cases remanded to the District Court of the United
States for the Eastern District of Missouri. Opinion by Mr. Justice
Black. Dissenting opinion by Mr. Justice Reed in which Mr. Justice
Douglas joins.
No. 140. Rene DeMeerleer, petitioner, v. The People of the State
of Michigan. On writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of the State
of Michigan. Judgment reversed with costs and case remanded for
further proceedings not inconsistent with the opinion of this Court.
Opinion per curiam announced by the Chief Justice.
The Chief Justice announced the following order of the Court:
No. 839. Horsman Dolls, Inc., appellant, v. State of New Jersey Un-
employment Compensation Commission. Appeal from the New Jer-
sey Court of Errors and Appeals. Per curiam: The motion to dismiss
is granted and the appeal is dismissed for the want of a substantial
federal question.

MONDAY, FEBRUARY 3, 1947
The Chief Justice said:
.142
"The other orders of the Court appear upon the list certified by the
Chief Justice and filed with the Clerk and will not be announced
orally."
No. In Re Disbarment of Nathan A. Dobbins. It having been
reported to the Court that Nathan A. Dobbins, of Washington, D. C.,
has been disbarred from the practice of the law by the District Court
of the United States for the District of Columbia; It is ordered that
the said Nathan A. Dobbins be, and he is hereby, suspended from the
practice of the law in this Court, and that a rule issue, returnable within
forty (40) days, requiring him to show cause why he should not be
disbarred from the practice of the law in this Court.
No. 97, Misc. Ex parte Harry Meyers, petitioner. The motion for
leave to file petition for writ of prohibition is denied.
No. 98, Misc. Ex parte Roy E. Eaton, petitioner. The motion for
leave to file petition for writs of habeas corpus and certiorari is denied.
No. 99, Misc. Ex parte Joe J. Evans, petitioner. The motion for
leave to file petitions for writs of habeas corpus and certiorari is
denied.
No. 100, Misc. Ex parte Frank X. Delisle, petitioner. The motion
for leave to file petition for writ of habeas corpus is denied.
No. 73. Estate of Bayard Dominick, Deceased, Alice Hoyt Domi-
nick and Gayer G. Dominick, Executors, petitioners, v. Commissioner
of Internal Revenue. The petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit
Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit is dismissed per stipulation
of counsel.
No. 442. The United States, petitioner, v. Ivan M. Elchibegoff.
On writ of certiorari to the Court of Claims. The motion by re-
spondent to enlarge the issues is denied. The writ of certiorari is
dismissed on motion of counsel for the petitioner.
No. 497. 149 Madison Avenue Corp. and Williams & Co., Inc., peti-
tioners, v. Frank Asselta, Camilo Del Rio, Joseph McArdle, et al.
The motion for leave to file brief of 128 West 30th St. Corporation
and others as amici curiae is granted.
No. 543. Federal Power Commission et al., petitioners, v. Arkansas
Power & Light Company. The motion of the State of Arkansas to
transfer this case from the summary docket is denied. Thirty minutes'
time is allowed the State of Arkansas within which to present oral
argument as amicus curiae.
No. 793. The United States of America, petitioner, v. Elliott W.
Michener. It is ordered that Roger Kent, Esquire, of San Francisco,
California, a member of the Bar of this Court, be appointed to serve
as counsel for the respondent in this case.

MONDAY, FEBRUARY 3, 1947
143
No. 755. Ira J. McCullough, petitioner, v. Kammerer Corporation
and Baash-Ross Tool Company. The petition for writ of certiorari
to the Circuit Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit is granted
limited to the first question presented by the petition for the writ.
The case is transferred to the summary docket.
No. 540. Nelson Foster and George Payne, petitioners, v. The
People of the State of Illinois. The motion for leave to proceed in
forma pauperis is granted. The petition for writ of certiorari to
the Supreme Court of Illinois is granted.
No. 791. Gerald Axelrod et al., Constituting a Group of Individual
Owners of the 42% Convertible Gold Bonds of the Chicago, Rock
Island and Pacific Railway Company, Debtor, petitioners, v. Joseph
B. Fleming and Aaron Colnon, as Trustees of the Chicago, Rock
Island and Pacific Railway Company et al. Petition for writ of cer-
tiorari to the Circuit Court of Appeals for the Seventh Circuit denied.
No. 792. The General Metals Powder Company, petitioner, v. The
S. K. Wellman Company and S. K. Wellman. Petition for writ of
certiorari to the Circuit Court of Appeals for the Sixth Circuit
denied.
No. 814. G. J. Lucchese et al., petitioners, v. Gus B. Mauermann.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Civil Appeals, 4th
Supreme Judicial District, State of Texas, denied.
No. 831. Joseph B. Fleming and Aaron Colnon, Trustees of the
Estate of Chicago, Rock Island and Pacific Railway Company, peti-
tioners, v. Oklahoma Tax Commission. Petition for writ of cer-
tiorari to the Circuit Court of Appeals for the Tenth Circuit denied.
No. 833. Marion M. Amato, Individually and Doing Business as
M. Amato & Son, petitioner, v. Paul A. Porter, Administrator, Office
of Price Administration. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Cir-
cuit Court of Appeals for the Tenth Circuit denied.
No. 838. The Pennsylvania Railroad Company, petitioner, v. Wil-
liam E. McCarthy, Administrator of the Estate of John J. McCarthy,
Deceased. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of
Appeals for the Seventh Circuit denied.
No. 867. Florence Marie Townsend, Nee Barnett, Rita Urquhart,
nee Richard, et al., petitioners, v. The First National Bank and Trust
Company and H. H. Ogden. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
Circuit Court of Appeals for the Tenth Circuit denied.
No. 816. Charles C. Patterson, petitioner, v. Virginia Electric and
Power Company. The motion to dispense with printing the petition
and record is granted. The petition for writ of certiorari to the
Supreme Court of Appeals, Commonwealth of Virginia, is denied.

MONDAY, FEBRUARY 3, 1947
144
No. 818. Michael Basile, petitioner, v. The People of the State of
New York. The motion to dispense with printing the petition and
record is granted. The petition for writ of certiorari to the County
Court of Albany County, State of New York, is denied.
No. 826. Julia Camp Brummel, petitioner, v. L. F. Dietz and Asso-
ciates, Inc., a New York Corporation, et al. The motion to dispense
with the printing of the record is granted. The petition for writ
of certiorari to the Appellate Division, Supreme Court of New York,
is denied.
No. 887. Gerald David Hudson, petitioner, v. The United States
of America. The motion for bail is denied. The petition for writ
of certiorari to the Circuit Court of Appeals for the Tenth Circuit
is also denied. Mr. Justice Murphy and Mr. Justice Rutledge are
of the opinion that the petition for certiorari should be granted.
No. 628. Magnus Olson, petitioner, v. Joseph E. Ragen, Warden,
etc. On petition for writ of certiorari to the Criminal Court of
Cook County, State of Illinois:
No. 739. Joel Thomas Pierce, petitioner, v. The United States of
America. On petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of
Appeals for the Fifth Circuit ;
No. 761. Charles Anderson, petitioner, 2. The People of the State
of Michigan. On petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme
Court of Michigan:
No. 801. Custer M. Coyle, petitioner, v. Robert A. Heinze, Warden,
etc. On petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of
California;
No. 803. John McCann, petitioner, v. People of the State of New
York. On petition for writ of certiorari to the County Court of
Bronx County, State of New York;
No. 808. George Leon Gibson, petitioner, v. Joseph E. Ragen.
Warden, etc. On petition for writ of certiorari to the Criminal Court
of Cook County, State of Illinois;
No. 822. Ralph Barton Butz, petitioner, v. Edward M. Stubble-
field, Superintendent, Illinois State Penitentiary, Menard, Illinois.
On petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of Randolph
County, State of Illinois;
No. 829. Bruno Austin, Alex Shapiro, Morris Jacobs, and David
Sinnenberg, petitioners, v. Joseph E. Ragen, Warden, etc. On peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the Criminal Court of Cook County,
State of Illinois;
No. 835. William Robert Hadley, petitioner, v. The United States.
On petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Claims;

MONDAY, FEBRUARY 3, 1947
145
No. 844. The People of the State of New York ex rel. Vincent
Mummiani, petitioner, v. J. Vernel Jackson, as Warden, etc. On peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the County Court of Clinton County,
State of New York;
No. 864. Louis A. Pifer, petitioner, v. The United States. On peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of Appeals for the
Fourth Circuit;
No. 873. Thomas Adams, petitioner, v. Joseph E. Ragen, Warden,
etc. On petition for writ of certiorari to the Criminal Court of Cook
County, State of Illinois;
No. 884. Mike Parker, petitioner, v. Joseph E. Ragen, Warden, etc.
On petition for writ of certiorari to the Criminal Court of Cook
County, Circuit Court of Will County, and Supreme Court, State
of Illinois;
No. 885. George Furman, petitioner, v. Joseph E. Ragen, Warden,
etc. On petition for writ of certiorari to the Criminal Court of Cook
County, State of Illinois;
No. 886. Harry W. Allard, petitioner, v. The State of New York.
On petition for writ of certiorari to the County Court of Schenectady
County, State of New York;
No. 896. Harold Witt, petitioner, v. Joseph E. Ragen, Warden, etc.
On petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of Kendall
County, Circuit Court of Will County, and Supreme Court, State of
Illinois;
No. 898. Harold J. Steinhardt, petitioner, v. People of the State of
Michigan. On petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court
of Michigan;
No. 919. Robert Reynolds, petitioner, v. The People of the State of
Illinois. On petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of
Illinois;
No. 920. Roman Piskorz, petitioner, v. Joseph E. Ragen, Warden,
etc. On petition for writ of certiorari to the Criminal Court of Cook
County, State of Illinois; and
No. 921. Albert Van Pelt, petitioner, v. Joseph E. Ragen, Warden,
etc. On petition for writ of certiorari to the Criminal Court of Cook
County, State of Illinois. The motions for leave to proceed in forma
pauperis are granted. The petitions for writs of certiorari are denied.
No. 913. James Finley, petitioner, v. Joseph E. Ragen, Warden,
etc. On petition for writ of certiorari to the Criminal Court of Cook
County, State of Illinois; and
No. 101, Misc. Ex parte James Finley, petitioner. The motion for
leave to proceed in forma pauperis is granted. The petition for writ
of certiorari is denied. The motion for leave to file petition for writ of
habeas corpus is also denied.

MONDAY, FEBRUARY 3, 1947
146
No. 40. The United States of America, petitioner, v. Iska W.
Carmack;
No. 53. The United States of America, petitioner, v. Paul David
Sheridan;
No. 75. International Harvester Company, appellant, v. Tax Com-
missioner of Ohio;
No. 79. Leo H. Steele, petitioner, v. General Mills, Inc.;
No. 180. Livingston Taylor, petitioner, v. People of the State of
Illinois;
No. 288. Sid W. Richardson et al., petitioners, v. Keith Kelly,
Receiver;
No. 611. August Faucetta, petitioner, v. The People of the State
of New York;
No. 653. Northwestern Mutual Life Insurance Company, peti-
tioner, v. T. E. Suttles, as Tax Collector of Fulton County, Georgia,
et al.;
No. 700. Borg-Warner Corporation and David E. Gamble, peti-
tioners, v. George I. Goodwin and John F. Daukus;
No. 704. John R. Johnson, petitioner, v. Nathan Mayo, as State
Prison Custodian;
No. 780. The Chronicle & Gazette Publishing Co., Inc., appellant,
v. The Attorney General of the State of New Hampshire et al.; and
No. 800. The United States of America, petitioner, v. Thomas
Balogh. The petitions for rehearing are denied.
No. 167. The United States of America ex rel. Elmer Davis, peti-
tioner, v. Joseph E. Ragen, Warden, etc. The motion for leave to file
petition for rehearing is granted. The petition for rehearing is
denied.
No. 342. Daniel Birmeli Dingman, petitioner, v. The United States
of America. The motion for leave to file a second petition for rehear-
ing is granted. The second petition for rehearing is denied.
No. 184. A. N. Cone, petitioner, v. West Virginia Pulp and Paper
Co. Argument commenced by Mr. H. Wayne Unger for the peti-
tioner, continued by Mr. Christie Benet and Mr. Charles W. Waring
for the respondent, and concluded by Mr. James P. Mozingo for the
petitioner, pro hac vice, by special leave of Court.
No. 89. The United States of America, appellant, v. National Lead
Company, Titan Company, Inc., and E. I. du Pont de Nemours and
Company, Inc.;
No. 90. National Lead Company and Titan Company, Inc., appel-
lants, v. The United States of America; and

MONDAY, FEBRUARY 3, 1947
147
No. 91. E. I. du Pont de Nemours and Company, Inc., appellant,
v. The United States of America. Five and one-half hours allowed
for oral argument. Argument commenced by Mr. William C. Dixon
and continued by Assistant Attorney General Berge for the United
States.
Adjourned until tomorrow at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Tuesday, February 4, will be as follows: Nos. 89
(90 and 91), 384, 417, 291, 367, 404, 103, 574, 371, and 207.

TUESDAY, FEBRUARY 4, 1947
148
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: Mr. Chief Justice Vinson, Mr. Justice Black, Mr. Justice
Reed, Mr. Justice Frankfurter, Mr. Justice Douglas, Mr. Justice Jack-
son, Mr. Justice Rutledge, and Mr. Justice Burton.
William C. Connett IV, of Saint Louis, Mo.; J. Frank Wilson, of
Dallas, Tex.; John Logan O'Donnell, of New York, N. Y.; Stephen A.
Graham, of Port Huron, Mich.; Allyn Capron Donaldson, of Glen
Cove, N. Y.; Austin L. Fickling, of Washington, D. C.; E. L. Koepe-
nick, of Washington, D. C.; Joseph Hawley Murphy, of Syracuse,
N. Y.; Joseph F. Goetten, of Fairport, N. Y.; Euclid Louis Taylor, of
Chicago, Ill.; Samuel Mermin, of Washington, D. C.; Hyman Smollar,
of Chicago, Ill.; Harry C. Izard, of Saint Louis, Mo.; Edward A.
Tamm, of Saint Paul, Minn.; and William Cyril Burns, of. Chicago,
Ill., were admitted to practice.
No. 89. The United States of America, appellant, v. National Lead
Company, Titan Company, Inc., and E. I. du Pont de Nemours and
Company, Inc.;
No. 90. National Lead Company and Titan Company, Inc., appel-
lants, v. The United States of America; and
No. 91. E. I. du Pont de Nemours and Company, Inc., appellant, v.
The United States of America. Argument continued by Mr. Assist-
ant Attorney General Berge for the United States, by Mr. Bethuel M.
Webster for National Lead Company and Titan Company, and by
Mr. William Dwight Whitney for E. I. du Pont de Nemours and
Company.
Adjourned until tomorrow at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Wednesday, February 5, will be as follows: Nos.
89 (and 90 and 91), 384, 417, 291, 367, 404, 103 (and 574), 371,
207, and 74.
✓
705009-47-50

WEDNESDAY, FEBRUARY 5, 1947
149
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: Mr. Chief Justice Vinson, Mr. Justice Black, Mr. Justice
Reed, Mr. Justice Frankfurter, Mr. Justice Douglas, Mr. Justice
Jackson, Mr. Justice Rutledge, and Mr. Justice Burton.
Charles A. O'Niell, Jr., of New Orleans, La.; Arthur L. Stern, of
Rochester, N. Y.; Samuel Sweet, of New York, N. Y.; Helen V. Ryan,
of Washington, D. C.; and James H. Dyson, of Sanford, Fla., were
admitted to practice.
No. 89. The United States of America, appellant, v. National Lead
Company, Titan Company, Inc., and E. I. du Pont de Nemours and
Company, Inc.;
No. 90. National Lead Company and Titan Company, Inc., appel-
lants, v. The United States of America; and
No. 91. E. I. du Pont de Nemours and Company, Inc., appellant, v.
The United States of America. Argument continued by Mr. Wil-
liam Dwight Whitney for E. I. du Pont de Nemours and Company
and concluded by Mr. William C. Dixon for the United States.
No. 384. People of the State of New York ex rel. Rose Halvey,
petitioner, v. John F. Halvey, Custodian of John Arthur Halvey.
Argued by Mr. B. E. Hendricks for the petitioner and by Mr. Samuel
Shapiro for the respondent.
No. 417. United States Department of Agriculture, Emergency
Crop and Feed Loans, petitioner, v. George G. Remund, as Admin-
istrator of the Estate of Wilhelm Buttke, Deceased. Argued by Mr.
Paul A. Sweeney for the petitioner and submitted by Mr. Dwight
Campbell for the respondent.
No. 291. Marion B. Kotch, John L. Richards, Adolph Clark, et al.,
appellants, v. Board of River Port Pilot Commissioners for the Port
of New Orleans et al. Argument commenced by Mr. Charles A.
O'Niell, Jr., and continued by Mr. M. A. Grace for the appellants and
by Mr. Arthur A. Moreno for the appellees.
Adjourned until tomorrow at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Thursday, February 6, will be as follows: Nos.
291, 367, 404, 103 (and 574), 371, 207, 74, 564, 497, and 429.
705009-47- -51

THURSDAY, FEBRUARY 6, 1947
150
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: Mr. Chief Justice Vinson, Mr. Justice Black, Mr. Justice
Reed, Mr. Justice Frankfurter, Mr. Justice Douglas, Mr. Justice
Jackson, Mr. Justice Rutledge, and Mr. Justice Burton.
Rufus S. Garrett, of Fort Worth, Tex.; Howard S. Levie, of New
York, N. Y.; Victor L. Lewis, of Chicago, Ill.; James F. Weiler, of
Houston, Tex.; and Joseph F. Weiler, of Dallas, Tex., were admitted
to practice.
No. 880. Robert J. Swem, petitioner, v. The People of the State
of Michigan. "Time within which to file brief of respondent extended
to March 3 on motion of counsel for respondent.
No. 291. Marion B. Kotch, John L. Richards, Adolph Clark, et al.,
appellants, v. Board of River Port Pilot Commissioners for the Port
of New Orleans, et al. Argument continued by Mr. Arthur A. Moreno
for the appellees and concluded by Mr. M. A. Grace for the appellants.
No. 367. John Myers, petitioner, v. Reading Company. Leave
granted Mr. B. Nathaniel Richter to appear and present oral argument
for the petitioner, pro hac vice, on motion of Mr. Henry R. Heebner
in that behalf. Argued by Mr. B. Nathaniel Richter for the peti-
tioner, pro hac vice, by special leave of Court, and by Mr. Henry R.
Heebner for the respondent.
No. 404. Mexican Light & Power Company, Ltd., petitioner, v. The
Texas Mexican Railway Company. Argued by Mr. Charles W. Bell
for the petitioner and by Mr. John P. Bullington for the respondent.
No. 103. The Gospel Army, a Corporation, appellant, v. The City
of Los Angeles, Board of Social Service Commissioners, Department
of Social Service, et al.; and
No. 574. The Rescue Army, a Corporation, and Charles T. Mur-
dock, appellants, v. The Municipal Court of the City of Los Angeles.
Argument commenced by Mr. Robert H. Wallis for the appellants.
Adjourned until tomorrow at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Friday, February 7, will be as follows: Nos. 103
(and 574), 371, 74, 564, 497, 207, 429, 72, 470 (and 471, 472,
and 473), and 432.
☑
705009-47--52

FRIDAY, FEBRUARY 7, 1947
151
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: Mr. Chief Justice Vinson, Mr. Justice Black, Mr. Justice
Reed, Mr. Justice Frankfurter, Mr. Justice Douglas, Mr. Justice
Jackson, Mr. Justice Rutledge, and Mr. Justice Burton.
Francis L. Heaton, of Central City, Nebr.; Patrick S. Heaton, of
Central City, Nebr.; Nicholas R. Voorhis, of Winchester, Mass.; Paul
Sandmeyer, of Los Angeles, Calif.; Claud Dorman Scruggs, of
Gunthersville, Ala.; Moses Lasky, of San Francisco, Calif.; James
Garfield Lemon, Jr., of Chicago, Ill.; Harold McAfee Tyler, of
Chicago, Ill.; Glen O. Smith, of Cleveland, Ohio; Melville Reese Dill,
of Cleveland, Ohio; Charles Edwin Wallington, of Philadelphia, Pa.;
H. Clay Kauffman, of Lancaster, Ky.; and T. Emmett McKenzie,
of Washington, D. C., were admitted to practice.
No. 103. The Gospel Army, a Corporation, appellant, v. The City
of Los Angeles, Board of Social Service Commissioners, Depart-
ment of Social Service, et al.; and
No. 574. The Rescue Army, a Corporation and Charles T. Murdock,
appellants, v. The Municipal Court of the City of Los Angeles.
Argument continued by Mr. Robert H. Wallis for the appellants, by
Mr. John L. Bland for the appellees, and concluded by Mr. Robert
H. Wallis for the appellants.
No. 371. United States National Bank in Johnstown and First Na-
tional Bank of South Fork, petitioners, v. Chase National Bank of
the City of New York and Lester Larimer, Trustee. Argued by Mr.
Robert I. Rudolph for the petitioners and by Mr. William Dean
Embree for the respondents.
No. 74. L. Metcalfe Walling, Administrator of the Wage and Hour
Division, United States Department of Labor, petitioner, v. Halli-
burton Oil Well Cementing Company. Argument commenced by
Mr. Morton Liftin for the petitioner and continued by Mr. Ben F.
Saye for the respondent.
Adjourned until Monday, next, at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Monday, February 10, will be as follows: Nos. 74,
564, 497, 207, 429, 72, 432, 470 (471, 472, and 473), 457, and 431.
705009-47-
-53

MONDAY, FEBRUARY 10, 1947
152
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: Mr. Chief Justice Vinson, Mr. Justice Black, Mr. Justice
Reed, Mr. Justice Frankfurter, Mr. Justice Douglas, Mr. Justice
Murphy, Mr. Justice Jackson, Mr. Justice Rutledge, and Mr. Justice
Burton.
James O. Braly, of Oklahoma City, Okla.; Mahlon L. Walters, of
Jefferson, Tex.; Russell T. Bradford, of Norfolk, Va.; Glen D. John-
son, of Okemah, Okla.; Harry Rosenberg, of New York, N. Y.; Albert
H. Treiman, of New York, N. Y.; H. A. Beaman. of New York, N. Y.;
Henry B. Kellog, of Binghamton, N. Y.; Maurice M. Davis, of Hous-
ton, Tex.; William Paul Shelley, Jr., of Tallahassee, Fla.; Lofton L.
Tatum, of Portland, Oreg.; Selden Fennell Waldo, of Gainesville,
Fla.; and Robert Orville Brown, of Duncan, Okla., were admitted to
practice.
No. 20. United Public Workers of America (CIO), George P.
Poole, et al., appellants, v. Harry B. Mitchell, Frances Perkins,
and Arthur S. Flemming. Appeal from the District Court of the
United States for the District of Columbia. Decree affirmed. Opinion
by Mr. Justice Reed. Mr. Justice Murphy and Mr. Justice Jackson
took no part in the consideration or decision of this case. Mr. Justice
Rutledge dissents as to Poole for the reasons stated by Mr. Justice
Black. He does not pass upon the constitutional questions presented
by the other appellants for the reason that he feels the controversy as
to them is not yet appropriate for the discretionary exercise of declara-
tory judgment jurisdiction. Concurring opinion by Mr. Justice
Frankfurter. Dissenting opinion by Mr. Justice Black. Opinion by
Mr. Justice Douglas dissenting in part.
No. 84. State of Oklahoma, petitioner, v. United States Civil Serv-
ice Commission. On writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit
Court of Appeals for the Tenth Circuit. Judgment affirmed and case
remanded to the District Court of the United States for the Northern
District of Oklahoma. Opinion by Mr. Justice Reed. Mr. Justice
Murphy and Mr. Justice Jackson took no part in the consideration or
decision of this case. Dissenting: Mr. Justice Black and Mr. Justice
Rutledge. Concurring opinion by Mr. Justice Frankfurter.
No. 52. Arch R. Everson, appellant, v. Board of Education of the
Township of Ewing, in the County of Mercer, et al. Appeal from the
Court of Errors and Appeals of the State of New Jersey. Judgment
705009-47-54
1
!
T

MONDAY, FEBRUARY 10, 1947
153
affirmed with costs. Opinion by Mr. Justice Black. Dissenting
opinion by Mr. Justice Jackson in which Mr. Justice Frankfurter
joins. Dissenting opinion by Mr. Justice Rutledge in which Mr. Justice
Frankfurter, Mr. Justice Jackson, and Mr. Justice Burton join.
The Chief Justice said:
"The orders of the Court appear upon the list certified by the Chief
Justice and filed with the Clerk and will not be announced orally."
No. 62. Charles B. Morris, petitioner, v. Paul F. Jones, Director of
Insurance of the State of Illinois. Time within which to file petition
for rehearing extended to February 24, next, and mandate stayed
on motion of counsel for the respondent.
No. 690. Insurance Group Committee, Reorganization Committee,
Guaranty Trust Company of New York, Trustee, et al., petitioners,
v. The Denver and Rio Grande Western Railroad Company et al.
The motion by petitioners for immediate issuance of the mandate
is denied. The motion by respondents to extend the time for issuance
of the mandate for a period of 35 days after the expiration of the
25-day period prescribed for the issue of a mandate as of course, is
denied.
No. 850. Harrison Williams, Clifford F. Stone, Sidney J. Wein-
berg, et al., petitioners, v. Carl J. Austrian and Robert G. Butcher,
as Trustees of Central States Electric Corporation. Petition for writ
of certiorari to the Circuit Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit
granted.
No. 733. Interstate Natural Gas Company, Incorporated, peti-
tioner, v. Federal Power Commission et al. The petition for re-
hearing is granted. The order entered January 6, 1947, denying
certiorari is vacated and the petition for writ of certiorari to the
Circuit Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit is granted limited
to Questions (1), (2), and (3) presented by the petition for the writ.
No. 804. Kurt Mertig, petitioner, v. The People of the State of
of New York; and
No. 805. Ernest Elmhurst, petitioner, v. The People of the State
of New York. Petition for writs of certiorari to the Supreme Court,
Appellate Division, State of New York, denied.
No. 809. Al Bisignano, petitioner, v. The Municipal Court of the
City of Des Moines et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Su-
preme Court of Iowa denied.
No. 812. The United States of America, petitioner, v. Phelps
Dodge Mercantile Company. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
Circuit Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit denied.

MONDAY, FEBRUARY 10, 1947
154
No. 852. Gordon M. Mather, petitioner, v. Commissioner of In-
ternal revenue. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of
Appeals for the Sixth Circuit denied.
No. 855. Detweiler Bros., Inc., petitioner, v. L. Metcalfe Walling,
Administrator of the Wage and Hour Division, United States Depart-
ment of Labor. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of
Appeals for the Ninth Circuit denied.
No. 825. Osmond Y. Ladd and Paul H. Todd, petitioners, v.
Bartholomew A. Brickley, Trustee of International Hydro Electric
System, Securities & Exchange Commission, et al. Petition for writ
of certiorari to the Circuit Court of Appeals for the First Circuit de-
nied. Mr. Justice Douglas and Mr. Justice Murphy took no part in
the consideration or decision of this application.
No. 832. Ella H. Tinkoff, Debtor, and Paysoff Tinkoff, Claimant,
petitioners, v. Ben Gold, Trustee, Louis Cohen, Attorney for Trustee,
et al. On consideration of the suggestion of a diminution of the record
and a motion for a writ of certiorari in that relation, the motion for
certiorari is denied. The petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit
Court of Appeals for the Seventh Circuit is also denied.
No. 843. Carmine Pizza, petitioner, v. John F. Foster, as Warden
of Auburn State Prison, Auburn, New York. The motion to proceed
on typewritten papers is granted. The petition for writ of certiorari,
to the Court of Appeals of the State of New York is denied.
No. 870. Herman Faubert, petitioner, v. The People of the State
of Michigan. The motion to dispense with the printing of the petition
and record is granted. The petition for writ of certiorari to the Su-
preme Court of Michigan is denied.
No. 857. Stanley Kaval, petitioner, v. Joseph E. Ragen, Warden,
etc. On petition for writ of certiorari to the Criminal Court of Cook
County, State of Illinois; and
No. 883. Stanley Kaval, petitioner, v. Joseph E. Ragen, Warden,
etc. On petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of Will
County, State of Illinois. The motions for leave to proceed in forma
pauperis are granted. The petitions for writs of certiorari are denied.
No. 142. State of Louisiana ex rel. Willie Francis, petitioner, v.
E. L. Resweber, Sheriff of the Parish of St. Martin, Louisiana, et al.
The petition for rehearing is denied. The order entered June 10,
1946, staying execution is vacated.
No. 183. Ralph Henry Cahoon, Jr., petitioner, v. The United
States of America. The motion for leave to file a second petition for
rehearing is granted. The second petition for rehearing is denied.
1
"
.
14

MONDAY, FEBRUARY 10, 1947
155
No. 706. George Small, petitioner, v. Walter,B. Martin, Warden,
etc.; and
No. 717. Edwin B. H. Tower, Jr., petitioner, v. Water Hammer
Arrester Corp. The petitions for rehearing are denied.
The Court will take a recess from Monday, February 17, until Mon-
day, March 3, next.
No. 74. L. Metcalfe Walling, Administrator of the Wage and Hour
Division, United States Department of Labor, petitioner, v. Halli-
burton Oil Well Cementing Company. Argument continued by Mr.
Ben F. Saye and Mr. Paul Sandmeyer for the respondent and con-
cluded by Mr. Morton Liftin for the petitioner.
No. 564. L. Metcalfe Walling, Administrator of the Wage and
Hour Division, United States Department of Labor, petitioner, v.
The General Industries Company. Argument commenced by Mr.
George M. Szabad for the petitioner and continued by Mr. Glen O.
Smith for the respondent.
Adjourned until tomorrow at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Tuesday, February 11, will be as follows: Nos.
564, 497, 207, 429, 72, 432, 470 (471, 472, and 473), 457, 431,
and 461.
✓

TUESDAY, FEBRUARY 11, 1947
156
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: Mr. Chief Justice Vinson, Mr. Justice Black, Mr. Justice
Reed, Mr. Justice Frankfurter, Mr. Justice Douglas, Mr. Justice
Murphy, Mr. Justice Jackson, Mr. Justice Rutledge, and Mr. Justice
Burton.
John Locke Green, of Arlington, Va.; Blaine E. Capehart, of Cam-
den, N. J.; Dwight Allen Coddington, of San Anselmo, Calif.; Robert
Barnes Young, of Arlington, Va.; Russell G. Dunmore, Jr., of Utica,
N. Y.; Robert N. Burchmore, of Chicago, Ill.; Edwin L. Kahn, of
Charlotte, N. C.; Norman A. Sugarman, of Cleveland, Ohio; and
Edward A. Martin, of Washington, D. C., were admitted to practice.
No. 564. L. Metcalfe Walling, Administrator of the Wage and
Hour Division, United States Department of Labor, petitioner, v.
The General Industries Company. Argument continued by Mr. Glen
O. Smith for the respondent and concluded by Mr. George M. Szabad
for the petitioner. Leave granted each party to file an additional
brief.
No. 497. 149 Madison Avenue Corp. and Williams & Co., Inc.,
petitioners, v. Frank Asselta, Camilo Del Rio, Joseph McArdle, et al.
Argued by Mr. Robert R. Bruce for the petitioner and by Mr. Wilbur
Duberstein for the respondent.
No. 207. Emory S. Land (Chairman, United States Maritime
Commission) et al., petitioners, v. R. Stanley Dollar, Dollar Steam-
ship Line, The J. Harold Dollar Estates Company, et al. Argument
commenced by Mr. Paul A. Sweeney for the petitioners and continued
by Mr. Gregory A. Harrison for the respondents and by Mr. Paul A.
Sweeney for the petitioners.
Adjourned until tomorrow at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Wednesday, February 12, will be as follows: Nos.
207, 429, 72, 432, 470 (471, 472, and 473), 457, 431, and 461.
705009-47-55

WEDNESDAY, FEBRUARY 12, 1947
157
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: Mr. Chief Justice Vinson, Mr. Justice Black, Mr. Justice
Reed, Mr. Justice Frankfurter, Mr. Justice Douglas, Mr. Justice
Murphy, Mr. Justice Jackson, and Mr. Justice Burton.
Maurice Kadish, of Seattle, Wash.; Walter B. Venters, of Opelika,
Ala.; Erma Griffith Greenwood, of Knoxville, Tenn.; Richard T.
Davis, of New York, N. Y.; Joseph M. Bonuso, of Washington, D. C.;
Hugh Stuart Center, of San Jose, Calif.; and Eugene Marcus Baynes,
of West Palm Beach, Fla., were admitted to practice.
No. 207. Emory S. Land (Chairman, United States Maritime
Commission), et al., petitioners, v. R. Stanley Dollar, Dollar Steamship
Line, The J. Harold Dollar Estates Company, et al. Argument con-
cluded by Mr. Paul A. Sweeney for the petitioners.
No. 429. The United States of America, petitioner, v. Leslie Ful-
lard-Leo, Ellen Fullard-Leo, et al. Argued by Mr. Frederick Bernays
Wiener for the petitioner and by Mr. A. G. M. Robertson for the re-
spondents.
No. 72. The Interstate Commerce Commission, appellant, v. A. L.
Mechling, Doing Business Under the Trade Name and Style of A. L.
Mechling Barge Line, et al. Three and one-half hours allowed for
argument. Argument commenced by Mr. Daniel H. Kunkle for the
appellant and continued by Mr. David O. Mathews for the appellees,
the United States and Secretary of Agriculture.
Adjourned until tomorrow at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Thursday, February 13, will be as follows: Nos.
72, 432, 470 (and 472), 471 (and 473), 457, 431, and 461.
Х
705009-47-56

THURSDAY, FEBRUARY 13, 1947
158
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: Mr. Chief Justice Vinson, Mr. Justice Black, Mr. Justice
Reed, Mr. Justice Frankfurter, Mr. Justice Douglas, Mr. Justice
Murphy, Mr. Justice Jackson, and Mr. Justice Burton.
Max W. Ball, of Washington, D. C.; Thomas G. Gayle, of Selma,
Ala.; Lewis Jacobs, of Washington, D. C.; Joseph C. Glazer, of
Detroit, Mich.; Wilbert G. Burnette, of Lynchburg, Va.; George F.
Fisher, Jr., of San Francisco, Calif.; and Ernest M. Callomon, of
Washington, D. C., were admitted to practice.
No. 72. The Interstate Commerce Commission, appellant, v. A. L.
Mechling, Doing Business Under the Trade Name and Style of
A. L. Mechling Barge Line, et al. Argument continued by Mr.
David O. Mathews for the appellees, The United States and Secre-
tary of Agriculture; by Mr. Edward B. Hayes for the appellee, A. L.
Mechling, etc.; by Mr. Nuel D. Belnap for the appellee, Inland
Waterways Corporation; and concluded by Mr. Daniel H. Kunkel
for the appellant.
No. 432. Aetna Casualty & Surety Company and J. A. Jones Con-
struction Company, petitioners, v. Mrs. Fannie M. Flowers. Argued
by Mr. Clyde W. Key for the petitioners and submitted by Mrs.
Fannie M. Flowers, pro se.
No. 470. Daniel F. Rice, Joseph J. Rice, et al., petitioners, v. Great
Lakes Elevator Corporation et al; and
No. 472. Illinois Commerce Commission et al., petitioners, v. Great
Lakes Elevator Corporation et al. Argument commenced by Mr.
William C. Wines for the petitioners in No. 472 and continued by
Mr. Lee A. Freeman for the petitioners in No. 470 and by Mr. Leo F.
Tierney for the respondents.
Adjourned until tomorrow at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Friday, February 14, will be as follows: Nos. 470
(and 472), 471 (and 473), 431, 457, and 461.
☑
705009-47-57

FRIDAY, FEBRUARY 14, 1947
159
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: Mr. Chief Justice Vinson, Mr. Justice Black, Mr. Justice
Reed, Mr. Justice Frankfurter, Mr. Justice Douglas, Mr. Justice
Murphy, Mr. Justice Jackson, and Mr. Justice Burton.
Chester H. Gray, of Washington, D. C.; Henry Eaton Wixon, of
Washington, D. C.; Edward E. Plusdrak, of Chicago, Ill.; J. Russell
Haire, of Newport, R. I.; Alexander G. Teitz, of Newport, R. I.;
William Ward Harvey, of Newport, R. I.; William B. Sleigh, Jr.,
of Boston, Mass.; Linwood E. Lagerson, of Washington, D. C.; I.
Winston Mezger, of Baltimore, Md.; H. Allen Mezger, of Baltimore,
Md.; William P. Connally, Jr., of Washington, D. C.; John B. Cal-
houn, of Washington, D. C.; Frederick G. Macdonald, of Washing-
ton, D. C.; Alton S. Bradford, of Washington, D. C.; Leon J. Libeu,
of Berkeley, Calif.; and William E. Dunn, of Chicago, Ill., were
admitted to practice.
No. 470. Daniel F. Rice, Joseph J. Rice, et al., petitioners, v. Great
Lakes Elevator Corporation et al.; and
No. 472. Illinois Commerce Commission et al., petitioners, v.
Great Lakes Elevator Corporation et al. Argument continued by Mr.
Leo F. Tierney for the respondents and concluded by Mr. Lee A. Free-
man for the petitioners in No. 470.
No. 471. Daniel F. Rice, Joseph J. Rice, et al., petitioners, v.
Board of Trade of the City of Chicago, a Corporation; and
No. 473. Illinois Commerce Commission et al., petitioners, v.
Board of Trade of the City of Chicago, a Corporation. Argued by
Mr. Lee A. Freeman for the petitioners in No. 471, by Mr. William
C. Wines for the petitioners in No. 473, and by Mr. Howard Ellis for
the respondent.
No. 431. Alfred Testa and Philip B. Fleming, Temporary Con-
trols Administrator, petitioners, v. Harry Katt. Argued by Acting
Solicitor General Washington for the petitioners and by Mr. Paul
M. Segal for the respondent.
No. 457. C. J. Adams, alias Charlie Adams, petitioner, v. The
United States of America. Argued by Mr. Thomas G. Gayle for the
petitioner and by Mr. Sheldon E. Bernstein for the respondent.
Adjourned until Monday, February 17, next, at 12 o'clock.
705009-47-58
☑

MONDAY, FEBRUARY 17, 1947
160
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: Mr. Chief Justice Vinson, Mr. Justice Black, Mr. Justice
Reed, Mr. Justice Frankfurter, Mr. Justice Douglas, Mr. Justice Mur-
phy, Mr. Justice Jackson, Mr. Justice Rutledge, and Mr. Justice
Burton.
George E. MacKinnon, of Minneapolis, Minn.; Robert K. Dower, of
Chicago, Ill; Joseph D. Malloy, of Washington, D. C.; William
Burke Williamson, of Chicago, Ill.; Jack A. Williamson, of Chicago,
Ill.; Herbert Pittle, of Washington, D. C.; Floyd L. France, of Wash-
ington, D. C.; David Goldman, of Pasadena, Calif.; Harold Cline, of
Milford, Utah; John E. Mayo, of Colonial Beach, Va.; Frank J.
Meistrell, of New York, N. Y.; William J. DeHoff, of Jacksonville,
Fla.; Ernest E. Roberts, of Miami, Fla.; and Felix L. O'Neill, of
Denver, Colo., were admitted to practice.
No. 31. Dr. Furman Angel, petitioner, v. W. H. Bullington. On
writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for
the Fourth Circuit. Judgment reversed with costs and case remanded
to the District Court of the United States for the Western District
of North Carolina for proceedings in conformity with the opinion of
this Court. Opinion by Mr. Justice Frankfurter. Dissenting
opinion by Mr. Justice Reed, in which Mr. Justice Jackson joins. Dis-
senting opinion by Mr. Justice Rutledge, in which Mr. Justice Jackson
joins.
No. 336. L. Metcalfe Walling, Administrator of the Wage and
Hour Division, United States Department of Labor, petitioner, v.
Portland Terminal Company. On writ of certiorari to the United
States Circuit Court of Appeals for the First Circuit. Judgment.
affirmed and case remanded to the District Court of the United States
for the District of Maine. Opinion by Mr. Justice Black. Concur-
ring: Mr. Justice Frankfurter. Concurring opinion by Mr. Justice
Jackson.
No. 335. L. Metcalfe Walling, Administrator of the Wage and·
Hour Division, United States Department of Labor, petitioner, v.
The Nashville, Chattanooga & St. Louis Railway. On writ of certi-
orari to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Sixth
705009-47-59

MONDAY, FEBRUARY 17, 1947
161
Circuit. Judgment affirmed and case remanded to the District Court
of the United States for the Middle District of Tennessee. Opinion
by Mr. Justice Black. Concurring: Mr. Justice Frankfurter.
No. 190. Zachary Bozza, petitioner, v. The United States of
America. On writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court
of Appeals for the Third Circuit. Judgment as to count one affirmed.
Judgment as to counts two and three reversed and case remanded to
the District Court of the United States for the District of New Jersey
for further proceedings in conformity with the opinion of this Court.
Opinion by Mr. Justice Black. Opinion by Mr. Justice Douglas
dissenting as to the affirmance of the judgment on count one in which
Mr. Justice Murphy and Mr. Justice Rutledge join.
No. 141. The Confederated Bands of Ute Indians, petitioners, v.
The United States. On writ of certiorari to the Court of Claims.
Judgment, affirmed. Opinion by Mr. Justice Black. Dissenting
opinion by Mr. Justice Murphy in which Mr. Justice Frankfurter
and Mr. Justice Douglas join.
The Chief Justice said:
"The orders of the Court appear upon the list certified by the Chief
Justice and filed with the Clerk and will not be announced orally."
No. 9, Original. The State of Illinois, complainant, v. The State
of Indiana et al. The Special Report of the Special Master as to
Shell Oil Company, Incorporated, and The Texas Company is ap-
proved. The amended bill of complaint is dismissed as to Shell Oil
Company, Incorporated, pursuant to the stipulation entered into by
and between the State of Illinois and the State of Indiana, City of
East Chicago, City of Hammond, and Shell Oil Company, Incorpo-
rated, and as to The Texas Company pursuant to the stipulation en-
tered into by and among the State of Illinois and the State of Indiana,
the City of East Chicago and The Texas Company. Costs against
Shell Oil Company, Incorporated, and The Texas Company to be
taxed hereafter in accordance with the recommendations of the Special
Master.
No. 9, Original. The State of Illinois, complainant, v. The State of
Indiana et al. The Interim Report of the Special Master, dated
September 7, 1946, is approved. The Court finds that the course of
procedure set forth in the Interim Report, which the Special Master
has followed of entering orders staying further proceedings as to
particular defendants upon stipulations received in evidence which
in the opinion of the Special Master justify such course, is within the

MONDAY, FEBRUARY 17, 1947
162
discretion of the Special Master. The Court further finds that the
steps set forth in the recommendations of the Special Master in the
Interim Report numbered one, two, three, four, five, six, and seven as
to procedure for the future disposition of the case, are within the dis-
cretion of the Special Master and are approved as appropriate under
the special circumstances of this case. The Court therefore orders
and directs the Special Master to continue the proceedings in accord-
ance with said recommendations. The Court further orders that the
recommendation of the Special Master as to the apportionment of costs
be adopted and costs to this date shall be taxed as recommended in the
Interim Report. The objections of the Fruit Growers Express Com-
pany to the proposed apportionment of costs are overruled.
No. 12, Original. The United States of America, complainant, v.
The State of California. Three hours is allotted each side for the
argument of this case.
No. 102, Misc. Ex parte Joseph Poresky, petitioner. The motion
for leave to file petition for writ of mandamus is denied.
No. 103, Misc. Ex parte Dennis B. Huey, petitioner. The applica-
tion is denied.
No. 934. Tom C. Clark, Attorney General, as Successor to the Alien
Property Custodian, petitioner, v. Uebersee Finanz-Korporation,
A. G. The petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court
of Appeals for the District of Columbia is granted.
No. 346. Silesian American Corporation, Debtor, and Silesian
Holding Company, petitioners, v. James E. Markham, Alien Property
Custodian. The petition for rehearing is granted. The order entered
October 14, 1946, denying certiorari is vacated and the petition for
writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of Appeals for the Second Cir-
cuit is granted. The case is assigned for argument immediately fol-
lowing No. 934. The motion to substitute Tom C. Clark, Attorney
General, as successor to Alien Property Custodian, as party respondent
is granted.
No. 789. Vacuum Can Company, a Corporation, and Burton O..
Smith, petitioners, v. Securities and Exchange Commission. Petition.
for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of Appeals for the Seventh
Circuit denied.
No. 849. Jacob Spevak, Doing Business as J. Spevak and Com-
pany, and George Lerian, petitioners, c. The United States of America.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of Appeals for the .
Fourth Circuit denied.

MONDAY, FEBRUARY 17, 1947
163
No. 851. Amy H. Varnedoe, petitioner, v. Marion H. Allen, Col-
lector of Internal Revenue. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Cir-
cuit Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 881. A. L. Andrews, petitioner, v. The United States of Amer-
ica. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of Appeals for
the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 889. Valco Mortgage Company, Inc., John Warren and Marie
B. Warren, petitioners, v. 536 Broad Street Corporation. Petition
for writ of certiorari to the Court of Errors and Appeals, State of New
Jersey, denied.
No. 900. G. Harold Earle and Stewart E. Earle, Former Execu-
tors of the Estate of Emma Earle, Deceased, and Residuary Bene-
ficiaries of Said Estate, petitioners, v. Commissioner of Internal
Revenue. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of Ap-
peals for the Sixth Circuit denied.
No. 725. Kingdon De Normand, petitioner, v. The United States
of America. On petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of
Appeals for the Second Circuit :
No. 741. Michael J. Quinn, petitioner, v. The United States of
America. On petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court
of Appeals for the District of Columbia;
No. 949. Dewright Baxter, petitioner, v. Joseph E. Ragen,
Warden, etc. On petition for writ of certiorari to the Criminal Court
of Cook County, State of Illinois;
No. 951. Donald M. Turner, petitioner, v. Joseph E. Ragen,
Warden, etc. On petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court
of Will County, State of Illinois;
No. 952. Harry J. Entrican, petitioner, v. The People of the State
of Michigan. On petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court
of Michigan;
No. 957. Harold Bryarly, petitioner, v. State of Indiana. On peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Indiana:
No. 959. People of the United States of America ex rel. Marshall
Gollehur, petitioner, v. Joseph E. Ragen, Warden, etc. On petition
for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of Knox County, State
of Illinois;
No. 962. Roman J. Marcinkowski, petitioner, v. The People of
the State of New York. On petition for writ of certiorari to the
Supreme Court, Erie County, State of New York;
No. 963. William G. Hayes, petitioner, v. Joseph E. Ragen,
Warden, etc. On petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme
и

MONDAY, FEBRUARY 17, 1947
164
Court of Illinois and the Criminal Court of Cook County, State of
Illinois;
No. 965. Walter Makowski, petitioner, v. Ralph E. Benson,
Warden, etc. On petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court
of Appeals for the Sixth Circuit;
No. 977. Joseph Greco, petitioner, v. State of Missouri. On peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Missouri;
No. 978. Morgan Easter, petitioner, v. Joseph E. Ragen, Warden,
etc. On petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of Frank-
lin County, Circuit Court of Will County, and Supreme Court, State
of Illinois;
No. 979. Victor Von Scherer, petitioner, v. Joseph E. Ragen,
Warden, etc. On petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court
of Illinois;.
No. 980. John E. Gawron, petitioner, v. Joseph E. Ragen, Warden,
etc. On petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of
Illinois; and
No. 981. Everett Ross, petitioner, v. People of the State of
Illinois. On petition for writ of certiori to the Supreme Court of
Illinois. The motions for leave to proceed in forma pauperis are
granted. The petitions for writs of certiorari are denied.
No. 28. Alpine MacGregor, petitioner, v. Westinghouse Electric &
Manufacturing Company;
No. 70. Edward Katzinger Company, petitioner, v. Chicago Metal-
lic Mfg. Company;
No. 71. Edward Katzinger Company, petitioner, v. Chicago Metal-
lic Mfg. Company;
No. 92. Walter P. Gardner, Trustee of the Central Railroad Com-
pany of New Jersey, petitioner, v. The State of New Jersey;
No. 764. Interstate Hotel Company of Nebraska, petitioner, v.
Remick Music Corporation;
No. 765. Peony Park, petitioner, v. M. Witmark & Sons;
No. 766. Lloyd G. Fox, petitioner, v. Chappell & Co., Inc.; and
No. 767. Interstate Hotel Company of Nebraska, petitioner, v.
Jerome Kern and T. B. Harms Company. The petitions for rehear-
ing are denied.
Adjourned until Monday, March 3, next, at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Monday, March 3, will be as follows: Nos. 343
(and 344 and 345), 543, 430, 443, 461, 418 (and 419), 312, 673,
498, and 593.
Х
1
+

MONDAY, MARCH 3, 1947
165
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: Mr. Chief Justice Vinson, Mr. Justice Black, Mr. Justice
*Reed, Mr. Justice Frankfurter, Mr. Justice Douglas, Mr. Justice
Murphy, Mr. Justice Jackson, Mr. Justice Rutledge, and Mr. Justice
Burton.
Stephen Alexander Nicholas, of Toledo, Ohio; Eugene Thomas
Devitt, of Elgin, Ill.; Grace M. Stewart, of Stamford, Conn.; Thomas
Johnson Strickler, of Kansas City, Mo.; Richard Henry Chamberlain,
of Oakland, Calif.; John J. Allen, Jr., of Oakland, Calif.; Samuel
Wm. Yorty, of Los Angeles, Calif.; Stanton G. Dondero, of Royal
Oak, Mich.; John W. Griggs, of Paterson, N. J.; John J. Kitchen, of
Bridgeport, N. J.; John Grimshaw, Jr., of Paterson, N. J.; Jack Rose,
of Fort Smith, Ark.; John Sam Wood, of Fort Smith, Ark.; Mathias
H. Heck, of Dayton, Ohio; Julius Schein, of New York, N. Y.; Robert
W. Schroader, of Dayton, Ohio; Merritt E. Schlafman, of Dayton,
Ohio; Byron M. Gray, of Topeka, Kans.; Herschel A. Hollopeter, of
Indianapolis, Ind.; Karl J. Stipher, of Indianapolis, Ind.; and Carl
Rachlin, of New York, N. Y., were admitted to practice.
The Chief Justice said:
"It is my sad duty to announce that on February 22, during the
recess of the Court, its Librarian, Mr. Oscar D. Clarke, died.
"Forty-seven years ago this month Mr. Clarke entered the service
of this Court as an assistant in its Library and in 1915 he succeeded
Mr. Frank K. Green as Librarian. In this post he followed in the
footsteps of his father who had been the first Librarian of the Court.
His long service, together with that formerly rendered by his father,
indicates a traditional family devotion to loyal and efficient discharge
of public duty.
"To every undertaking Mr. Clarke brought precise knowledge and
broad experience in library science; he was courteous and helpful be-
yond the scope of prescribed duty. The severance of this long associa-
tion brings to us a sense of deep sorrow for he had endeared himself
to many Justices during the years of his close relationship with the
Court.
"The Court records its appreciation of Mr. Clarke's high character
and of the effective aid he long rendered to it and expresses its sincere
sympathy to his widow and the members of his family."
705009-47- -60

MONDAY, MARCH 3, 1947
166
No. 56. The United States of America, petitioner, v. Legh R.
Powell, Jr., and Henry W. Anderson, as Receivers of the Properties
and Assets of Seaboard Air Line Railway Company; and
No. 57. The United States of America, petitioner, v. Atlantic
Coast Line Railroad Company. On writs of certiorari to the United
States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Fourth Circuit. Judgments
affirmed and cases remanded to the District Court of the United States
for the Eastern District of Virginia. Opinion by Mr. Justice Douglas.
Dissenting: Mr. Justice Rutledge.
No. 400. Northern Pacific Railway Company, petitioner, v. The
United States of America. On writ of certiorari to the United States
Circuit Court of Appeals for the Seventh Circuit. Judgment affirmed
and case remanded to the District Court of the United States for the
Western District of Wisconsin. Opinion by Mr. Justice Douglas.
No. 38. National Labor Relations Board, petitioner, v. Donnelly
Garment Company, Donnelly Garment Workers' Union, et al.; and
No. 39. International Ladies' Garment Workers Union, petitioner,
v. Donnelly Garment Company, Donnelly Garment Workers' Union,
and National Labor Relations Board. On writs of certiorari to the
United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Eighth Circuit. Judg-
ment reversed and cases remanded to the Circuit Court of Appeals for
further proceedings in conformity with the opinion of this Court.
Opinion by Mr. Justice Frankfurter.
No. 184. A. N. Cone, petitioner, v. West Virginia Pulp and Paper
Co. On writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of Ap-
peals for the Fourth Circuit. Judgment reversed with costs and case
remanded to the District Court of the United States for the Eastern
District of South Carolina for proceedings in conformity with the
opinion of this Court. Opinion by Mr. Justice Black.
The Chief Justice announced the following orders of the Court:
No. 489, October Term 1945. Edward F. Zap, petitioner, v. The
United States of America. On writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court
of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit. Per curiam: The motion for leave
to file a second petition for rehearing and to recall the mandate is
granted. The second petition for rehearing is granted and the judg-
ment entered June 10, 1946, and order denying rehearing entered
October 21, 1946, are vacated. The judgment of the Circuit Court of
Appeals is reversed and the case is remanded to the District Court
with directions to dismiss the indictment. Ballard v. United States,
No. 37, October Term 1946, decided December 9, 1946. The Chief
Justice and Mr. Justice Jackson took no part in the consideration or
decision of this application.
1

MONDAY, MARCH 3, 1947
167
No. 457. C. J. Adams, alias Charlie Adams, petitioner, v. The
United States of America. On writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court
of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit. Per curiam: The judgment is
affirmed.
The Chief Justice said:
"The other orders of the Court appear upon the list certified by
the Chief Justice and filed with the Clerk and will not be announced
orally."
No. 105, Misc. Ex parte Leo Loyd Johnson, petitioner;
No. 106, Misc. Ex parte Stanley B. Peplowski, petitioner;
No. 111, Misc. Ex parte N. B. Houghton, petitioner;
No. 112, Misc. Ex parte Luther R. Clark, petitioner; and
No. 113, Misc. Ex parte Howard Walker, petitioner. The motions
for leave to file petitions for writs of habeas corpus are denied.
No. 108, Misc. Ex parte William W. Boehman, petitioner; and
No. 114, Misc. Ex parte Charles Kasper, petitioner. The applica-
tions are denied.
No. 109, Misc. Lester Barnard et al., petitioners, v. W. C. Jones
et al.; and
No. 115, Misc. Ex parte S. Aiken Campbell, petitioner. The peti-
tions for appeal are denied.
No. 643. Ford Motor Company, appellant, v. The United States
of America; and
No. 644. Commercial Investment Trust Corporation et al., appel-
lants, v. The United States of America. The motion for leave to file.
brief of Associates Investment Company and others as amici curiae
is granted.
No. 954. The United States of America, appellant, v. James C.
Petrillo. In this case probable jurisdiction is noted.
No. 970. Brotherhood of Railroad Trainmen, An Unincorporated
Association, appellant, v. The Baltimore and Ohio Railroad Company
et al. Further consideration of the question of the jurisdiction of this
Court in this case is postponed to the hearing of the case on the
merits.
No. 862. The United States, petitioner v. John J. Felin & Co.,
Inc. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Claims granted.
No. 847. The United States, petitioner, v. The Munsey Trust Com-
pany of Washington, D. C., Receiver. Petition for writ of certiorari
to the Court of Claims granted.
No. 937. Margaret E. Sherrer, petitioner, v. Edward C. Sherrer.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Probate Court for the County
of Berkshire, State of Massachusetts, granted.

MONDAY, MARCH 3, 1947
168
1
No. 958. Martin V. B. Coe, petitioner, v. Katherine C. Coe. Peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the Probate Court for the County of
Worcester, State of Massachusetts, granted.
No. 945. John P. McWilliams, petitioner, v. Commissioner of In-
ternal Revenue;
No. 946. Estate of Susan P. McWilliams, Deceased, John P. Mc-
Williams, Executor, petitioner, v. Commissioner of Internal Revenue;
and
No. 947. Brooks B. McWilliams, petitioner, v. Commissioner of
Internal Revenue. Petition for writs of certiorari to the Circuit
Court of Appeals for the Sixth Circuit granted. Mr. Justice Burton
took no part in the consideration or decision of this application.
No. 819. Ben H. Rosenthal & Co., Inc., et al., petitioners, v. Paul
A. Porter, Price Administrator;
No. 820. Aaron Borin et al., petitioners, v. Paul A. Porter, Price
Administrator; and
No. 821. Abe Rubin et al., petitioners, v. Paul A. Porter, Price
Administrator. Petition for writs of certiorari to the United States
Emergency Court of Appeals dismissed on motion of counsel for the
petitioners.
No. 763. Wabash Railroad Company, petitioner, v. J. F. William-
son. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Missouri
denied.
No. 837. Bernard Licht, Herman J. Licht, and Harry Licht, peti-
tioners, v. The United States of America. Petition for writ of certio-
rari to the Circuit Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit denied.
No. 874. Max Louis Peskoe, petitioner, v. The United States of
America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of
Appeals for the Third Circuit denied.
No. 876. Carl Emil Ludwig Krepper, petitioner, v. The United
States of America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit
Court of Appeals for the Third Circuit denied.
No. 890. Smith, Richey & Co., Inc., Eugene Walter, Central Beef
Co., et al., petitioners, v. Philip B. Fleming, Temporary Controls
Administrator. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Emergency Court of Appeals denied.
No. 907. The Texas and Pacific Railway Company, petitioner, v.
St. Louis Southwestern Railway Company, Debtor. Petition for writ
of certiorari to the Circuit Court of Appeals for the Eighth Circuit
denied.
No. 910. Jane V. Buckner and Leon Buckner, petitioners, v. Fred
A. Tweed, Trading as F. A. Tweed Company. Petition for writ of
certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the District of
Columbia denied.
1
Hi
"
1

MONDAY, MARCH 3, 1947
169
No. 935. J. B. Edwards, Ruth Brougher, and Monte Preston, peti-
tioners, v. Joseph Dine. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit
Court of Appeals for the Seventh Circuit denied.
No. 938. Vulcan Corporation, petitioner, v. International Shoe
Machine Corporation et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Cir-
cuit Court of Appeals for the First Circuit denied.
No. 846. Seaboard Surety Company, petitioner, v. The United
States. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Claims denied.
No. 848. Commissioner of Internal Revenue, petitioner, v. Beulah
Eaton McAllister. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court
of Appeals for the Second Circuit denied.
No. 854. Cesario Campa, petitioner, v. The United States of Amer-
ica. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of Appeals
for the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 863. Whitman Publishing Company, petitioner, v. The United
States. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Claims denied.
No. 868. Milton Scott Anthony, petitioner, v. State of Oregon.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Oregon denied.
No. 911. Verna Loyd Garland, petitioner, v. The United States of
America; and
No. 916. William Anton Wells, petitioner, v. The United States
of America. Petitions for writs of certiorari to the Circuit Court of
Appeals for the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 914. Ogden Dairy Company, petitioner, v. Claude R. Wickard,
Secretary of Agriculture, United States of America, et al. Petition
for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of Appeals for the Seventh
Circuit denied.
No. 915. Milo Moore, Director of Fisheries of the State of Wash-
ington, et al., petitioners, v. The United States of America. Petition
for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of Appeals for the Ninth
Circuit denied.
No. 941. Nebraska National Hotel Company, petitioner, v. George
W. O'Malley, Collector of Internal Revenue. Petition for writ of
certiorari to the Circuit Court of Appeals for the Eighth Circuit
denied.
No. 942. Marion H. Allen, Collector of Internal Revenue, peti-
tioner, v. The First National Bank & Trust Company in Macon, as
Executor Under the Last Will and Testament of Mrs. Floretta S.
Ulman (Mrs. E. Ulman), Deceased. Petition for writ of certiorari
to the Circuit Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 955. Eastman Kodak Company, petitioner, v. Federal Trade
Commission. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of
Appeals for the Second Circuit denied.
705009-47-61
"
.1
咁

MONDAY, MARCH 3, 1947
170
No. 964. 7 Fifths Old Grand-Dad Whiskey et al., and W. R.
Herndon, Claimant, petitioners, v. The United States of America.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of Appeals for the
Tenth Circuit denied.
No. 972. Public Service Interstate Transportation Company,
petitioner, v. Javotte Sutton. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
Circuit Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit denied.
No. 974. Joe Johnson Roberts, petitioner, v. Margaret Elizabeth
Roberts and The United States of America. Petition for writ of
certiorari to the Circuit Court of Appeals for the Fourth Circuit
denied.
No. 770. The City of Portland, a Municipal Corporation, peti-
tioner, v. Public Market Company of Portland et al. The motion
to dispense with printing the record is granted. The petition for
writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Oregon is denied.
No. 742. Mark Bullock, petitioner, v. The United States of
America. On petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia;
No. 806. Irving M. Parker, petitioner, v. The United States of
America. On petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court
of Appeals for the District of Columbia;
No. 810. John Joseph Lacey, petitioner, v. Joseph W. Sanford,
Warden, etc. On petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court
of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit ;
No. 834. Thomas Jesse Leonard, petitioner, v. The United States
of America. On petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court
of Appeals for the Third Circuit;
No. 845. Louis Mignogna, petitioner, v. The United States of
America. On petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of
Appeals for the Second Circuit ;
No. 869. William Roy Miller, petitioner, v. Joseph W. Sanford,
Warden, etc. On petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court
of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit;
No. 871. Hayes Turner, petitioner, v. The United States of Amer-
ica. On petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of Appeals
for the Fifth Circuit;
No. 877. James Morrison, petitioner, v. John F. Foster, as Warden
of Auburn Prison, Auburn, New York. On petition for writ of
certiorari to the Court of Appeals, State of New York;
No. 894. Lee Van Woods, petitioner, v. The People of the State
of Illinois. On petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court
of Illinois;
No. 939. J. L. Stern, petitioner, v. John I. Cox. On petition for
writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals, State of Tennessee;

MONDAY, MARCH 3, 1947
171
No. 997. Coy Thompson, petitioner, v. Walter Nierstheimer,
Warden, etc. On petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court
of Illinois;
No. 1005. Frank Hayes Ross, petitioner, v. Joseph E. Ragen,
Warden, etc. On petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court
of Will County, State of Illinois;
No. 1006. Thomas Samuels, petitioner, v. Joseph E. Ragen,
Warden, etc. On petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court
of Illinois;
No. 1007. Robert Harris, petitioner, v. Joseph E. Ragen, Warden,
etc. On petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of
Illinois;
No. 1008. Chester McCollum, petitioner, v. Joseph E. Ragen,
Warden, etc. On petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme
Court and Criminal Court of Cook County, State of Illinois;
No. 1009. William Mills, petitioner, v. Joseph E. Ragen, Warden,
etc. On petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court and
Circuit Court of Will County, State of Illinois;
No. 1010. Roland Barron, petitioner, v. Joseph E. Ragen, Warden,
etc. On petition for writ of certiorari to the Criminal Court of Cook
County, State of Illinois;
No. 1011. Stanley Kaval, petitioner, v. Joseph E. Ragen, Warden,
etc. On petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of
Illinois;
No. 1012. Wilbur Klein, petitioner, v. Walter Nierstheimer,
Warden, etc. On petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court
of Illinois;
No. 1023. Philip R. Bellino and Edward F. Gertsen, petitioners, v.
Commonwealth of Massachusetts. On petition for writ of certiorari
to the Superior Court of Essex County, Commonwealth of Massa-
chusetts;
No. 1032. Valdemar Norwitt, petitioner, v. People of the State
of Illinois. On petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court
of Illinois;
No. 1037. James Cannata, petitioner, v. The People of the State
of New York. On petition for writ of certiorari to the County Court
of Kings County, State of New York; and
No. 1042. Joe Butler, petitioner, v. Joseph E. Ragen, Warden,
etc. On petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Illi-
nois. The motions for leave to proceed in forma pauperis are granted.
The petitions for writs of certiorari are denied.
No. 182. Howard E. Mackey, petitioner, v. The People of the
State of New York. The motion for leave to proceed in forma pau-
peris is granted. The petition for writ of certiorari to the County
1

MONDAY, MARCH 3, 1947
172
Court of Onondaga County, State of New York, is denied. Mr. Jus-
tice Douglas and Mr. Justice Rutledge are of the opinion that the
petition should be granted.
No. 1033. Elwyn Barron, petitioner, v. Joseph E. Ragen, Warden,
etc.; and
No. 110, Misc. Ex parte Elwyn Barron, petitioner. The motion
for leave to proceed in forma pauperis is granted. The petition for
writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of Will County, State of Illi-
nois, is denied. The motion for leave to file petition for writ of
habeas corpus is also denied.
No. 62. Charles B. Morris, petitioner, v. Paul F. Jones, Director
of Insurance of the State of Illinois;
No. 208. Transparent-Wrap Machine Corporation, petitioner, v.
Stokes & Smith Company;
No. 690. Insurance Group Committee, Reorganization Committee,
Guaranty Trust Company of New York, Trustee, et al., petitioners,
v. The Denver and Rio Grande Western Railroad Company et al.;
No. 725. Kingdon De Normand, petitioner, v. The United States
of America;
No. 792. The General Metals Powder Company, petitioner, v. The
S. K. Wellman Company and S. K. Wellman;
No. 816. Charles C. Patterson, petitioner, v. Virginia Electric and
Power Company;
No. 826. Julia Camp Brummel, petitioner, v. L. F. Dietz and As-
sociates, Inc., a New York Corporation, et al.; and
No. 831. Joseph B. Fleming and Aaron Colnon, Trustees of the
Estate of Chicago, Rock Island and Pacific Railway Company, peti-
tioners, v. Oklahoma Tax Commission. The petitions for rehearing
are denied.
No. 343. State of New York, State of Delaware, State of Indiana,
et al., appellants, v, the The United States of America, Interstate
Commerce Commission, State of Alabama, et al.;
No. 344. Horace A. Hildreth, Governor of the State of Maine,
Charles M. Dale, Governor of the State of New Hampshire, et al.,
appellants, v. The United States of America, Interstate Commerce
Commission, et al.; and
No. 345. The Atchison, Topeka, and Santa Fe Railway Company
et al., appellants, v. The United States of America, Interstate Com-
merce Commission, State of Alabama, et al. Eight hours allowed for
the argument of these cases. Ernest W. Gibson, Governor of the State
of Vermont, Robert F. Bradford, Governor of the Commonwealth of
Massachusetts, and James L. McConaughy, Governor of the State of
Connecticut, substituted as parties appellant in No. 344 in the place and

MONDAY, MARCH 3, 1947
173
stead of Mortimer R. Proctor, Maurice J. Tobin and Raymond E.
Baldwin, respectively, on motion of Mr. Henry E. Foley, counsel for
the appellants in No. 344. Argument commenced by Mr. Parker Mc-
Collester for the appellants in No. 343, and continued by Mr. Henry
E. Foley for the appellants in No. 344 and by Mr. Douglas F. Smith
for the appellants in No. 345.
Adjourned until tomorrow at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Tuesday, March 4, will be as follows: Nos. 343 (and
344 and 345), 543, 430, 443, 461, 418 (and 419), 312, 673, 498,
and 253 (254, 255, and 256).
☑
'

TUESDAY, MARCH 4, 1947
174
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: Mr. Chief Justice Vinson, Mr. Justice Black, Mr. Justice
Reed, Mr. Justice Frankfurter, Mr. Justice Douglas, Mr. Justice Mur-
phy, Mr. Justice Jackson, Mr. Justice Rutledge, and Mr. Justice
Burton.
Maurice Friedman, of Washington, D. C.; Leslie E. Riggins, of
Newport News, Va.; J. Neely Peacock, Jr., of Albany, Ga.; Thomas
Maynard Burgess, of Colorado Springs, Colo.; Stephen Pace, of
Americus, Ga.; John B. Bennett, of Ontonagon, Mich.; Richard An-
drews MacRae, of Detroit, Mich.; Milton A. Stone, of Boston, Mass.;
and Daniel Robert Thomas, Jr., of Chicago, Ill., were admitted to
practice.
No. 1063. O. H. Fischer and Martha Fischer, petitioners, v. The
City of Oklahoma City, a Municipal Corporation. Time for making
service of petition for certiorari, brief, and record extended to a date
which is not later than 10 days after the giving of notice by the
Clerk of this Court to counsel for the petitioners that the printed record
has been delivered to such Clerk.
No. 343. State of New York, State of Delaware, State of Indiana,
et al., appellants, v. The United States of America, Interstate Com-
merce Commission, State of Alabama, et al.;
No. 344. Horace A. Hildreth, Governor of the State of Maine, and
Charles M. Dale, Governor of the State of New Hampshire, appellants,
v. The United States of America, Interstate Commerce Commission,
et al.; and
No. 345. The Atchison, Topeka and Santa Fe Railway Company
et al., appellants, v. The United States of America, Interstate Com-
merce Commission, State of Alabama, et al. Argument continued by
Mr. Douglas F. Smith for the appellants in No. 345; by Mr. Edward
H. Miller for the appellee, The United States; by Mr. Daniel W.
Knowlton for the appellee, Interstate Commerce Commission; by Mr.
J. V. Norman for the appellees, the Southern States and Southern
Governors' Conference; and by Mr. Byron M. Gray for the appellees,
the State of Arkansas, et al.
Adjourned until tomorrow at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Wednesday, March 5, will be as follows: Nos. 343
(and 344 and 345), 543, 430, 443, 461, 418 (and 419), 312, 673,
498, and 253 (and 254, 255, and 256).
Х
705009-47-62
'
1

WEDNESDAY, MARCH 5, 1947
175
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: Mr. Chief Justice Vinson, Mr. Justice Black, Mr. Justice
Reed, Mr. Justice Frankfurter, Mr. Justice Douglas, Mr. Justice
Murphy, Mr. Justice Jackson, Mr. Justice Rutledge, and Mr. Justice
Burton.
Harry Evans Templeton, of Los Angeles, Calif.; William S. Mc-
Kinley, of Carthage, Tenn.; Jere Taylor Tipton, of Chattanooga,
Tenn.; Max Barash, of New York, N. Y.; and Frederic D. Anderson,
of Indianapolis, Ind., were admitted to practice.
No. 1095. Philip B. Fleming, Administrator, Office of Temporary
Controls, et al., petitioner, v. The Moberly Milk Products Company.
Time for making service of petition for certiorari, brief, and record
extended to a date which is not later than 10 days after the giving
of notice by the Clerk of this Court to counsel for the petitioner that
the printed record has been delivered to such Clerk.
No. 343. State of New York, State of Delaware, State of Indiana,
et al., appellants, v. The United States of America, Interstate Com-
merce Commission, State of Alabama, et al.;
No. 344. Horace A. Hildreth, Governor of the State of Maine,
Charles M. Dale, Governor of the State of New Hampshire, et al.,
appellants, v. The United States of America, Interstate Commerce
Commission, et al.; and
No. 345. The Atchison, Topeka and Santa Fe Railway Company
et al., appellants, v. The United States of America, Interstate Com-
merce Commission, State of Alabama, et al. Argument continued
by Mr. Byron M. Gray for the appellees, The State of Arkansas et
al.; by Mr. Parker McCollester for the appellants in No. 343; and
concluded by Mr. Douglas F. Smith for the appellants in No. 345.
No. 543. Federal Power Commission et al., petitioners, v. Arkansas
Power & Light Company. Argument commenced by Mr. Howard E.
Wahrenbrock for the petitioners, continued by Mr. A. J. G. Priest for
the respondent and by Mr. Wyatt Cleveland Holland for the State
of Arkansas, as amicus curiae by special leave of Court, and concluded
by Mr. Howard E. Wahrenbrock for the petitioners.
705009-47-63
1
!,

WEDNESDAY, MARCH 5, 1947
176
No. 430. The United States of America, petitioner, v. Ogilvie
Hardware Company, Inc. Argued by Mr. Lee A. Jackson for the pe-
titioner and by Mr. Elias Goldstein for the respondent.
Adjourned until tomorrow at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Thursday, March 6, will be as follows: Nos. 443,
461, 418, 419, 312, 673, 498, 253 (254, 255, and 256), 12 Original,
and 585.
✓
•

THURSDAY, MARCH 6, 1947
177
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: Mr. Chief Justice Vinson, Mr. Justice Black, Mr. Justice
Reed, Mr. Justice Frankfurter, Mr. Justice Douglas, Mr. Justice
Murphy, Mr. Justice Jackson, Mr. Justice Rutledge, and Mr. Justice.
Burton.
Fred N. Howser, of Los Angeles, Calif.; Arthur A. Steffan, of
Washington, D. C.; Ralph F. Glenn, of Topeka, Kans.; Arthur M.
Sebastian, of Columbus, Ohio; Joseph J. DeRaad, of Sioux City, Iowa;
John E. Miklos, of Uniontown, Ala.; Wilmer G. Williams, of Phila-
delphia, Pa.; George H. Mortimer, of Montclair, N. J.; Alan Dale
Riester, of Pittsburgh, Pa.; and Caryl E. Cohen, of Brooklyn, N. Y.,
were admitted to practice.
No. 759. The United States of America, petitioner, v. United Mine
Workers of America, an Unincorporated Association;
No. 760. The United States of America, petitioner, v. John L.
Lewis, Individually and as President of the United Mine Workers of
America;
No. 781. United Mine Workers of America, an Unincorporated
Association, petitioner, v. The United States of America;
No. 782. John L. Lewis, Individually and as President of the
United Mine Workers of America, petitioner, v. The United States
of America; and
No. 811. United Mine Workers of America, an Unincorporated
Association, and John L. Lewis, Individually and as President of the
United Mine Workers of America, petitioners, v. The United States
of America. On writs of certiorari to the United States Court of
Appeals for the District of Columbia. The temporary restraining
order and the preliminary injunction were properly issued and the
actions of the District Court in these respects are affirmed. The judg-
ment against the defendant Lewis is affirmed. The judgment against
the defendant union is modified as indicated in the opinion of the
Chief Justice, and, as so modified, affirmed. Opinion by Mr. Chief
Justice Vinson. Mr. Justice Jackson joins in the opinion of the Chief
Justice except as to the Norris-LaGuardia Act which he thinks re-
lieved the courts of jurisdiction to issue injunctions in this class of
case. Opinion by Mr. Justice Frankfurter concurring in the judg-
ment. Opinion by Mr. Justice Black and Mr. Justice Douglas con-
705009-47- -64
$
1

THURSDAY, MARCH 6, 1947
178
curring in part and dissenting in part, announced by Mr. Justice
Black. Dissenting opinion by Mr. Justice Murphy. Dissenting
opinion by Mr. Justice Rutledge.
No. 443. Harry O. Pauly, petitioner, v. Wilson McCarthy and
Henry Swan, Trustees of The Denver and Rio Grande Western Rail-
road Company. Argued by Mr. Parnell Black for the petitioner and
by Mr. W. Q. Van Cott for the respondents.
Adjourned until tomorrow at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Friday, March 7, will be as follows: Nos. 461, 418,
419, 312, 673, 498, 253 (254, 255, and 256), 12 Original, 585,
and 483.
☑
'
1
1

FRIDAY, MARCH 7, 1947
179
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: Mr. Chief Justice Vinson, Mr. Justice Black, Mr. Justice
Reed, Mr. Justice Frankfurter, Mr. Justice Douglas, Mr. Justice
Murphy, Mr. Justice Jackson, Mr. Justice Rutledge, and Mr. Justice
Burton.
Robert E. Peck, of Washington, D. C.; Edward Preston, of Dallas,
Tex.; Nicholas Unkovic, of Pittsburgh, Pa.; Paul J. Winschel, of
Pittsburgh, Pa.; Melvin E. B. Karns, of Princeton, N. J.; David Gins-
burg, of Huntington, W. Va.; John P. Oliver, of Los Angeles, Calif.;
and Edward B. Williams, of Washington, D. C., were admitted to
practice.
No. 461. William Greenough and George Henry Warren, Jr.,
Trustees, appellants, v. Tax Assessors of the City of Newport and
Edward L. Leahy, Tax Administrator of the State of Rhode Island.
Argument commenced by Mr. William Greenough for the appellants,
continued by Mr. William R. Harvey for the appellants, and concluded
by Mr. John C. Burke for the appellees.
No. 418. National Labor Relations Board, petitioner, v. Jones &
Laughlin Steel Corporation. Argued by Miss Ruth Weyand for the
petitioner and by Mr. John C. Bane, Jr., for the respondent.
No. 419. National Labor Relations Board, petitioner, v. E. C.
Atkins and Company. Argument commenced by Miss Ruth Weyand
for the petitioner.
Adjourned until Monday, next, at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Monday, March 10, will be as follows: Nos. 419,
312, 673, 498, 253 (254, 255, and 256), 12 Original, 585, 483,
512, and 583.
☑
1
705009-47-
-65
t

MONDAY, MARCH 10, 1947
180
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: Mr. Chief Justice Vinson, Mr. Justice Black, Mr. Justice
Reed, Mr. Justice Frankfurter, Mr. Justice Douglas, Mr. Justice
Murphy, Mr. Justice Jackson, Mr. Justice Rutledge, and Mr. Justice
Burton.
Virgil F. Mills, of Canton, Ohio; Edgar W. Jones, of Canton,
Ohio; D. Bruce Mansfield, of Canton, Ohio; S. O. Meyer, of Butte,
Mont.; Owen W. Crumpacker, of Hammond, Ind.; Allan E. Charles,
of San Francisco, Calif.; Dennis A. Flinn, of Washington, D. C.;
Maurice M. Briggs, of Chicago, Ill.; and Ewell H. Muse, Jr., of
Austin, Tex., were admitted to practice.
No. 658. Packard Motor Car Company, petitioner, v. National
Labor Relations Board. On writ of certiorari to the United States
Circuit of Appeals for the Sixth Circuit. Judgment of enforce-
ment affirmed and case remanded to the Circuit Court of Appeals.
Opinion by Mr. Justice Jackson. Dissenting opinion by Mr. Justice
Douglas in which the Chief Justice and Mr. Justice Burton concur.
Mr. Justice Frankfurter agrees with the opinion of Mr. Justice
Douglas except the part marked "First" as to which he expresses
no view.
No. 93. Gulf Oil Corporation, petitioner, v. Cornelius Gilbert,
Doing business Under the Firm Name and Style of Gilbert Storage
& Transfer Company. On writ of certiorari to the United States
Circuit Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit. Judgment re-
versed with costs and case remanded to the District Court of the
United States for the Southern District of New York for proceedings
in conformity with the opinion of this Court. Opinion by Mr. Justice
Jackson. Dissenting: Mr. Justice Reed and Mr. Justice Burton.
Dissenting opinion by Mr. Justice Black in which Mr. Justice Rut-
ledge joins.
No. 206. Eugene Koster, petitioner, v. (American) Lumbermen's
Mutual Casualty Company. On writ of certiorari to the United
States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit. Judgment
affirmed with costs and case remanded to the District Court of the
United States for the Eastern District of New York. Opinion by
Mr. Justice Jackson. Dissenting opinion by Mr. Justice Black in
which Mr. Justice Rutledge joins. Dissenting opinion by Mr. Justice
Reed in which Mr. Justice Burton joins.
705009-47-
-66
1
1

$
MONDAY, MARCH 10, 1947
181
No. 265. Frank A. Cardillo, Deputy Commissioner, United States
Employees' Compensation Commission, petitioner, v. Liberty Mutual
Insurance Company, E. C. Ernst, Inc., and Virginia C. Ticer. On
writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the Dis-
trict of Columbia. Judgment reversed and case remanded to the
District Court of the United States for the District of Columbia for
proceedings in conformity with the opinion of this Court. Opinion
by Mr. Justice Murphy. Mr. Justice Frankfurter concurs in the
result. Dissenting: Mr. Justice Jackson and Mr. Justice Burton.
No. 432. Aetna Casualty & Surety Company and J. A. Jones Con-
struction Company, petitioners, v. Mrs. Fannie M. Flowers. On writ
of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the
Sixth Circuit. Judgment reversed and case remanded to the Circuit
Court of Appeals for further proceedings in conformity with the
opinion of this Court. Opinion by Mr. Justice Douglas.
No. 6. United Brotherhood of Carpenters and Joiners of America,
petitioner, v. The United States of America;
No. 7. The Bay Counties District Council of Carpenters of the
United Brotherhood of Carpenters and Joiners of America et al.,
petitioners, v. The United States of America;
No. 8. Lumber Products Association, Inc., Acme Manufacturing
Co., Inc., Eureka Sash, Door & Moulding Mills, et al., petitioners, v.
The United States of America;
No. 9. Alameda County Building and Construction Trades Coun-
cil, petitioner, v. The United States of America; and
No. 10. Boorman Lumber Company, Hogan Lumber Company,
Loop Lumber & Mill Company, et al., petitioners, v. The United
States of America. On writs of certiorari to the United States Cir-
cuit Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit. Judgments reversed and
cases remanded to the District Court of the United States for the
Northern District of California for further proceedings in conformity
with the opinion of this Court. Opinion by Mr. Justice Reed. Mr.
Justice Jackson took no part in the consideration or decision of these
cases. Opinion by Mr. Justice Frankfurter, with whom the Chief
Justice and Mr. Justice Burton concur in the result, dissenting.
No. 29. Lazarus Joseph, Comptroller of the City of New York,
and Spencer C. Young, Treasurer of the City of New York, peti-
tioners, v. Carter & Weekes Stevedoring Company; and
No. 30. Lazarus Joseph, Comptroller of the City of New York,
and Spencer C. Young, Treasurer of the City of New York, peti-
tioners, v. John T. Clark & Son. On writs of certiorari to the Supreme
Court of the State of New York. Judgments affirmed with costs.
Opinion by Mr. Justice Reed. Dissenting: Mr. Justice Black. Opin-

MONDAY, MARCH 10, 1947
182
ion by Mr. Justice Douglas dissenting in part in which Mr. Justice
Rutledge concurs. Mr. Justice Murphy joins in the dissent of Mr.
Justice Douglas except as to the second part.
No. 69. American Stevedores, Inc., petitioner, v. Rosario Porello
and The United States of America. On writ of certiorari to the
United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit. De-
cree of Circuit Court of Appeals affirmed as to Porello. So much
of decree as awards indemnity to the United States under the contract
is reversed and case remanded to the District Court of the United
States for the Southern District of New York for determination of
the meaning of the contract in question. Opinion by Mr. Justice Reed.
Dissenting opinion by Mr. Justice Frankfurter in which the Chief
Justice concurs.
No. 514. The United States of America v. Maria R. Lauro, as
Administratrix of the Goods, Chattels, and Credits of Peter Lauro,
Deceased. On certificate from the United States Circuit Court of
Appeals for the Second Circuit. Question certified answered as fol-
lows: The word "damages" as used in 46 U. S. C., Sec. 781, includes
damages under Secs. 130-134 of the Decedent Estate Law of the State
of New York recoverable by a personal representative because of the
death of a human being. Opinion by Mr. Justice Reed.
No. 431. Alfred Testa and Philip B. Fleming, Temporary Con-
trols Administrator, petitioners, v. Harry Katt. On writ of certiorari
to the Superior Court for Providence and Bristol Counties, State of
Rhode Island. Judgment reversed and case remanded to the Superior
Court for Providence and Bristol Counties for proceedings not incon-
sistent with the opinion of this Court. Opinion by Mr. Justice Black.
The Chief Justice announced the following orders of the Court:
No. 443. Harry O. Pauly, petitioner, v. Wilson McCarthy and
Henry Swan, Trustees of The Denver and Rio Grande Western Rail-
road Company. On writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Utah.
Per curiam: Judgment reversed. Bailey v. Central Vermont Rail-
way, 319 U. S. 350; Ellis v. Union Pacific R. R. Co., No. 320, October
Term 1946, decided February 3, 1947.
No. 543. Federal Power Commission et al., petitioners, v. Arkan-
sas Power & Light Company. On writ of certiorari to the United
States Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia. Per curiam:
Judgment reversed on the ground that respondent has failed to ex-
haust its administrative remedies. Myers v. Bethlehem Shipbuilding
Corp'n, 303 U. S. 41; Macauley v. Waterman S. S. Corp'n, 327 U. S.
540.

MONDAY, MARCH 10, 1947
183
No. 1027. Boeing Aircraft Company, appellant, v. King County,
Washington, a Municipal Corporation, et al.; and
No. 1028. Boeing Aircraft Company, appellant, v. King County,
Washington, a Municipal Corporation, et al. Appeals from the Su-
preme Court of Washington. Per curiam: In No. 1027, the appeal
is dismissed for want of jurisdiction. Sec. 237 (a), Judicial Code,
as amended, 28 U. S. C., sec. 344 (a). Treating the papers whereon
the appeal was allowed as a petition for writ of certiorari as required
by sec. 237 (c) of the Judicial Code, as amended, 28 U. S. C., sec.
344 (c), certiorari is denied. In No. 1028, the appeal is dismissed
for the reason that application therefor was not made within the
time provided by law. Sec. 8 (a), Act of February 13, 1925 (43 Stat.
936, 940), 28 U. S. C., sec. 350.
No. 1031. Kenneth W. Colegrove, Peter J. Chamales, and Jerome
G. Kerwin, appellants, v. Edward J. Barrett, as Secretary of State
of the State of Illinois, etc., et al. Appeal from the District Court of
the United States for the Northern District of Illinois. Per curiam:
The motion to dismiss is granted and the appeal is dismissed for want
of a substantial federal question. In view of the Court's refusal
to grant rehearing in Colegrove v. Green, 328 U. S. 549, rehearing
denied, 329 U. S. -, and its dismissal of the appeals in Cook v.
Fortson and Turman v. Duckworth, 329 U. S. -, rehearing denied,
329 U. S., Mr. Justice Rutledge concurs in the dismissal of this
appeal. Mr. Justice Black, Mr. Justice Douglas, and Mr. Justice
Murphy are of the opinion that probable jurisdiction should be noted.
The Chief Justice said:
"The other orders of the Court appear upon the list certified by the
Chief Justice and filed with the Clerk and will not be announced
orally."
No. 117, Misc. Ex parte Benno Seibold, petitioner. The applica-
tion is denied.
No. 12, Original. The United States of America, complainant, v.
The State of California. The applications of the National Associa-
tion of Attorneys General and the American Association of Port Au-
thorities for leave to present oral argument as amici curiae are denied.
The motion for leave to file brief of Robert E. Lee Jordan as amicus
curiae is granted. Mr. Justice Jackson took no part in the considera-
tion or decision of these applications.
No. 483. Thomas A. Murray, petitioner, v. Philip B. Fleming,
Temporary Controls Administrator. Writ of certiorari to the Circuit

1
MONDAY, MARCH 10, 1947
184
Court of Appeals for the First Circuit dismissed on motion of counsel
for the petitioner.
No. 540. Nelson Foster and George Payne, petitioners, v. The Peo-
ple of the State of Illinois. It is ordered that Charles R. Kaufman,
Esquire, of Chicago, Ill., be appointed to serve as counsel for the
petitioners in this case.
No. 625. Peter Caldarola, petitioner, v. Gerda Eckert and Thor
Eckert, Jr., Partners Doing Business Under the Firm Name of Thor
Eckert & Co. The motion of International Longshoremen's and
Warehousemen's Union for leave to file brief as amicus curiae is
granted.
No. 1003. Aero Mayflower Transit Company, appellant, v. Board
of Railroad Commissioners of the State of Montana et al.; and
No. 1030. The United States of America, appellant, v. Scophony
Corporation of America et al. In these cases probable jurisdiction is
noted.
No. 861. Priebe & Sons, Inc., petitioner, v. The United States.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Claims granted.
No. 922. Federal Trade Commission, petitioner, v. The Cement
Institute et al.;
No. 923. Federal Trade Commission, petitioner, v. Aetna Port-
land Cement Company et al.;
No. 924. Federal Trade Commission, petitioner, v. Marquette Ce-
ment Manufacturing Company;
No. 925. Federal Trade Commission, petitioner, v. Calavaras Ce-
ment Company et al.;
No. 926. Federal Trade Commission, petitioner, v. Huron Port-
land Cement Company;
No. 927. Federal Trade Commission, petitioner, v. Superior Port-
land Cement, Inc.;
No. 928. Federal Trade Commission, petitioner, v. Northwestern
Portland Cement Company;
No. 929. Federal Trade Commission, petitioner, v. Riverside Ce-
ment Company;
No. 930. Federal Trade Commission, petitioner, v. Universal
Atlas Cement Company;
No. 931. Federal Trade Commission, petitioner, v. California
Portland Cement Company;
No. 932. Federal Trade Commission, petitioner, v. Monolith Port-
land Cement Company et al.; and
No. 933. Federal Trade Commission, petitioner, v. Blaine S.
Smith et al. Petitions for writs of certiorari to the Circuit Court of
Appeals for the Seventh Circuit granted.
1
1
1

MONDAY, MARCH 10, 1947
185
No. 967. Joseph F. Maggio, petitioner, v. Raymon Zeitz, as Trustee
in Bankruptcy of Luma Camera Service, Inc. Petition for writ of
certiorari to the Circuit Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit
granted.
No. 827. Southern Pacific Company, petitioner, v. The United
States. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Claims denied.
No. 860. The United States, petitioner, v. The Illinois Pure
Aluminum Company. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of
Claims denied.
No. 899. John L. Kinnison, petitioner, v. The United States of
America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court
of Appeals for the District of Columbia denied.
No. 950. Granville C. Morton, petitioner, v. Kate Thomas, as Com-
munity Survivor of the Estate of W. A. Thomas, Deceased, Former
Collector of Internal Revenue. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
Circuit Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 953. The Sanitary District of Chicago, petitioner, v. Acti-
vated Sludge, Inc., Activated Sludge, Ltd., Edgar C. Guthard, et al.,
etc. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of Appeals for
the Seventh Circuit denied.
No. 982. The Pure Oil Company, petitioner, v. Petrolite Corpora-
tion, Ltd. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of Ap-
peals for the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 986. Joseph E. Seagram & Sons, Inc., petitioner, v. Isadore
Levin. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of Appeals
for the Seventh Circuit denied.
No. 988. Ambassador Management Corporation et al., etc., peti-
tioners, v. Incorporated Village of Hempstead. Petition for writ of
certiorari to the Supreme Court, Second Appellate Division, State
of New York, denied.
No. 1014. Ethel S. Garrett and George A. Garrett, petitioners, v.
District of Columbia. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United
States Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia denied.
No. 1018. Simon L. Fisch, as Trustee in Bankruptcy of Joseph
Rosen, et al., Bankrupts, petitioners, v. Standard Factors Corporation.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of Appeals for the
Third Circuit denied.
No. 960. Charles Kaufman, petitioner, v. The People of the State
of New York. The motion to dispense with the printing of the steno-
grapher's minutes is granted. The petition for writ of certiorari to
the County Court of Kings County, State of New York, is denied.

MONDAY, MARCH 10, 1947
186
No. 879. Southern Pacific Company, a Railroad Corporation, In-
tervenor, petitioner, v. Berryman Henwood, as Trustee of St. Louis
Southwestern Railway Company Lines, et al.;
No. 909. Walter E. Meyer, Intervenor, petitioner, v. Berryman
Henwood, as Trustee of St. Louis Southwestern Railway Company
Lines, et al.; and
No. 936. St. Louis Southwestern Railway Company, petitioner, v.
Berryman Henwood, as Trustee of St. Louis Southwestern Railway
Company Lines, et al. The petitions for writs of certiorari to the
Circuit Court of Appeals for the Eighth Circuit are denied. Mr.
Justice Frankfurter took no part in the consideration or decision of
these applications. Mr. Justice Douglas is of the opinion that the
petition for certiorari in No. 909 should be granted.
No. 824. James A. Lovvorn, petitioner, v. The United States of
America. On petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of
Appeals for the Fifth Circuit;
No. 865. Louis Monsky and Gustave Monsky, petitioners, v. Peo-
ple of the State of New York. On petition for writ of certiorari to
the County Court of Nassau County, State of New York;
No. 882. Harry Albert Kirk, petitioner, v. Robert A. Heinze,
Warden, California State Prison at Folsom, California. On peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of California;
No. 891. Patrick Henry Watkins, petitioner, v. W. Frank Smyth,
Jr., Superintendent of the Virginia State Penitentiary. On petition
for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Appeals, Common-
wealth of Virginia;
No. 895. Leonard Habermann, petitioner, v. The People of the
State of New York. On petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of
General Sessions of New York County, State of New York;
No. 897. Earle E. Kynette, petitioner, v. Clinton T. Duffy,
Warden, etc. On petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court
of California;
No. 984. Robert Mandell, petitioner, v. Clinton T. Duffy, Warden,
etc. On petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of
California;
No. 1039. Walter Leo Rhodes, petitioner, v. Walter Nierstheimer,
Warden, etc. On petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court
of Illinois;
No. 1053. Isadore Burner, petitioner, v. Walter Nierstheimer,
Warden, etc. On petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court
of Adams County, State of Illinois;
14
ро
1
1

MONDAY, MARCH 10, 1947
187
No. 1054. Frank Brancato, petitioner, v. People of the State of
Illinois. On petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court
of Illinois; and
No. 1056. Wallace Thompson, petitioner, v. Joseph E. Ragen,
Warden, etc. On petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court
of Illinois. The motions for leave to proceed in forma pauperis aré
granted. The petitions for writs of certiorari are denied.
No. 52. Arch R. Everson, appellant, v. Board of Education of the
Township of Ewing, In the County of Mercer, et al.; and
No. 832. Ella H. Tinkoff, Debtor, and Paysoff Tinkoff, claimant,
petitioners, v. Ben Gold, Trustee, Louis Cohen, Attorney for Trustee,
et al. The petitions for rehearing are denied.
No. 706. George Small, petitioner, v. Walter B. Martin, Warden,
etc. Leave to file a second petition for rehearing is denied.
No. 825. Osmond Y. Ladd and Paul H. Todd, petitioners, v.
Bartholomew A. Brickley, Trustee of International Hydro Electric
System, Securities & Exchange Commission, et al. The petition for
rehearing is denied. Mr. Justice Douglas and Mr. Justice Murphy
took no part in the consideration or decision of this application.
No. 854. Cesario Campa, petitioner, v. The United States of
America. The application for a stay is denied. The petition for
rehearing is also denied.
The Court will take a recess from Monday, March 17, until Monday,
March 31, next.
No. 419. National Labor Relations Board, petitioner, v. E. C.
Atkins and Company. Argument continued by Miss Ruth Weyand
for the petitioner and by Mr. Frederic D. Anderson for the respondent
and concluded by Miss Ruth Weyand for the petitioner.
No. 312. The United States of America, petitioner, v. Albert Silk,
Doing Business as Albert Silk Coal Company. Argued by Mr. Robert
L. Stern for the petitioner and by Mr. Ralph F. Glenn for the re-
spondent.
No. 673. Carter H. Harrison, Individually and as Collector of In-
ternal Revenue, petitioner, v. Greyvan Lines, Inc. Argument com-
menced by Mr. Robert L. Stern for the petitioner.
Adjourned until tomorrow at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Tuesday, March 11, will be as follows: Nos. 673,
498, 253 (254, 255, and 256), 12 Original, 585, 483, 512, 583,
625, and 680.
☑

TUESDAY, MARCH 11, 1947
188
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: Mr. Chief Justice Vinson, Mr. Justice Black, Mr. Justice
Reed, Mr. Justice Frankfurter, Mr. Justice Douglas, Mr. Justice
Jackson, Mr. Justice Rutledge, and Mr. Justice Burton.
Gladys M. Wied, of Benton, Ark.; T. Fergus Redmond, of New
York, N. Y.; James K. Hughes, of New Philadelphia, Ohio; Louis
G. Greenfield, of New York, N. Y.; Francis L. Brown, of New York,
N. Y.; Robert D. Brooks, of New York, N. Y.; John P. Boyd, Jr., of
Seattle, Wash.; Julius L. Kabaker, of Chicago, Ill.; and Robert A.
Wilson, of Washington, D. C., were admitted to practice.
No. 12, original. The United States of America, complainant, v.
The State of California. Leave granted the American Association
of Port Authorities and National Association of Attorneys General to
present oral argument as amici curiae within the time allowed the
State of California.
No. 673. Carter H. Harrison, Individually and as Collector of In-
ternal Revenue, petitioner v. Greyvan Lines, Inc. Argument con-
tinued by Mr. Robert L. Stern for the petitioner, by Mr. Wilbur E.
Benoy for the respondent, and concluded by Mr. Robert L. Stern for
the petitioner.
No. 498. The United States of America, petitioner, v. Honorable
William F. Smith, a District Judge Especially Designated and As-
signed to Hold the District Court of the United States for the Middle
District of Pennsylvania et al. Argued by Mr. Douglas W. McGregor
for the petitioner and by Mr. Robert T. McCracken for the respondent,
John Memolo. No appearance for respondent, Honorable William
F. Smith, District Judge.
No. 253. The United States of America, appellant, v. The Pull-
man Company et al.;
No. 254. Otis & Co., appellant, v. The United States of America,
et al.;
705009-47-67
丩

TUESDAY, MARCH 11, 1947
189
No. 255. The Chesapeake & Ohio Railroad Company et al., appel-
lants, v. The United States of America et al.; and
No. 256. Glore, Forgan & Co., appellant, v. The United States of
America et al. Six and one-half hours allowed for argument. Argu-
ment commenced by Mr. Albert Holmes Baldridge for the United
States and continued by Mr. Robert J. Bulkley for the Chesapeake
& Ohio Railroad Company, et al.
Adjourned until tomorrow at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Wednesday, March 12, will be as follows: Nos.
253 (254, 255, and 256), 12 original, 585, 512, 583, and 625.

190
WEDNESDAY, MARCH 12, 1947
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: Mr. Chief Justice Vinson, Mr. Justice Black, Mr. Justice
Reed, Mr. Justice Frankfurter, Mr. Justice Douglas, Mr. Justice
Jackson, Mr. Justice Rutledge, and Mr. Justice Burton.
Nathaniel H. Rubin, of Detroit, Mich.; Gene M. Woodfin, of Hous-
ton, Tex.; Millard W. Rice, of Chevy Chase, Md.; Cora Boughton
Keenan, of Philadelphia, Pa.; Charles W. Rivoire, of New York,
N. Y.; Allen C. Hutcheson, Jr., of Houston, Tex.; William M. Keenan,
of Philadelphia, Pa.; David Dana Hochstein, of Rochester, N. Y.;
James L. HornBostel, of Springfield, Mo.; William Macy Marvel,
of Medford, Mass.; Sutherland G. Taylor, 3d, of McLean, Va.; and
Lorenzo Lee Bean, Jr., of South Hill, Va., were admitted to practice.
No. 253. The United States of America, appellant, v. The Pull-
man Company et al.;
No. 254. Otis & Co., appellant, v. The United States of America
et al.;
No. 255. The Chesapeake & Ohio Railroad Company et al., ap-
pellant, v. The United States of America et al.; and
No. 256. Glore, Forgan & Co., appellant, v. The United States of
America et al. Argument continued by Mr. Thurman Arnold for
Otis & Co.; by Mr. Leo F. Tierney for Glore, Forgan & Co.; by Mr.
Jacob Aronson for the Railroad appellees; by Mr. George Wharton
Pepper for appellees, Pullman Company et al.; and by Mr. Robert
J. Bulkley for the Chesapeake & Ohio Railroad Co. et al.
Adjourned until tomorrow at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Thursday, March 13, will be as follows: Nos. 253
(254, 255, and 256), 12 Original, 585, and 625.
705009-47— -68

THURSDAY, MARCH 13, 1947
191
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: Mr. Chief Justice Vinson, Mr. Justice Black, Mr. Justice
Reed, Mr. Justice Frankfurter, Mr. Justice Douglas, Mr. Justice Jack-
son, Mr. Justice Rutledge, and Mr. Justice Burton.
Edgar Thomas Buckley, of Minneapolis, Minn.; Samuel Barker,
of Washington, D. C.; David Abrahm Gaskill, of Cleveland, Ohio;
Roy F. Allan, of Billings, Mont.; Stanley M. Riesner, of Alexandria,
Va.; Isaiah H. Spears, of Pasadena, Calif.; Llewellyn C. Thomas, of
Washington, D. C.; Arthur Murray Preston, of Washington, D. C.;
George Bowdoin Craighill, Jr., of Washington, D. C.; Leonard S.
Strahan, of Lovell, Wyo.; Herbert Ferster, of New York, N. Y.; and
Arthur J. Gang, of New York, N. Y., were admitted to practice.
No. 253. The United States of America, appellant, v. The Pullman
Company et al.;
No. 254. Otis & Co., appellant, v. The United States of America
et al.;
No. 255. The Chesapeake & Ohio Railroad Company et al., appel-
lant, v. The United States of America et al.; and
No. 256. Glore, Forgan & Co., appellant, v. The United States of
America et al. Argument concluded by Mr. Albert Holmes Baldridge
for the United States.
. No. 12, original. The United States of America, complainant, v.
The State of California. Six hours allowed for argument. Argu-
ment commenced by Mr. Attorney General Clark and continued by
Mr. Arnold Raum for the complainant, by Mr. Fred N. Howser for
the defendant, and by Mr. Leander I. Shelley for the American As-
sociation of Port Authorities, as amicus curiae, by special leave
of Court.
Adjourned until tomorrow at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Friday, March 14, will be as follows: Nos. 12
original, and 585.
☑
705009-47-69
☐
F

FRIDAY, MARCH 14, 1947
192
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
i
Present: Mr. Chief Justice Vinson, Mr. Justice Black, Mr. Justice
Reed, Mr. Justice Frankfurter, Mr. Justice Douglas, Mr. Justice
Murphy, Mr. Justice Jackson, Mr. Justice Rutledge, and Mr. Justice
Burton.
Lewis E. Barnes, of Washington, D. C.; Richard M. Nixon, of
Whittier, Calif.; and George R. Gallagher, of Albany, N. Y., were
admitted to practice.
No. 12, Original. The United States of America, complainant, v.
The State of California. Argument continued by Mr. William W.
Clary for the defendant; by Mr. Price Daniel for the National Asso-
ciation of Attorneys General, as amicus curiae, by special leave of
Court; and concluded by Mr. Arnold Raum for the complainant.
No. 585. The United States of America, appellant, v. Lem Hoy,
alias Lim Hoy. Argued by Mr. Peyton Ford for the appellant. Case
submitted by Mr. Henry G. Bodkin for the appellee.
Adjourned until Monday, March 17, next, at 12 o'clock.
705009-47-70

SATURDAY, MARCH 15, 1947
193
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
The Court met in Special Term pursuant to a call by the Chief
Justice having the approval of all the Associate Justices.
Present: Mr. Chief Justice Vinson, Mr. Justice Black, Mr. Justice.
Reed, Mr. Justice Frankfurter, Mr. Justice Douglas, Mr. Justice
Murphy, Mr. Justice Jackson, Mr. Justice Rutledge, and Mr. Justice
Burton.
-
,
No. October Term 1946. The Times-Mirror Company, Norman
Chandler, F. R. Marx, Jerry Cohen, and A. A. Kurze, petitioners, v.
National Labor Relations Board. Upon consideration of the appli-
cation of counsel for the petitioners in the above-entitled cause, It
is ordered that execution and enforcement of the order of the Circuit
Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit, entered herein on March
10, 1947, be, and the same hereby is, stayed pending the filing, con-
sideration, and disposition of a petition for writ of certiorari to re-
view the said order providing such petition is filed on or before
March 28, 1947. In the event the petition for writ of certiorari is
granted, then this stay is to continue pending the final disposition of
the case by this Court.
It is further ordered that the stay herein ordered shall be effec-
tive and operative only on the condition that petitioners shall
file herein a bond in the sum of Five Thousand Dollars ($5,000)
with good and sufficient surety to be approved by a judge of the
United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit, con-
ditioned that if petitioners herein fail to make application for such
writ of certiorari within the time limited therefor, or fail to obtain
an order granting their application, or fail to make good their plea
in the Supreme Court of the United States, they shall answer for
all damages and costs which the National Labor Relations Board or
other persons who may be injured may sustain by reason of this stay.
It is further ordered that the printing of the record for the pur-
pose of the consideration of the application for the writ of certiorari
be dispensed with.
Adjourned until Monday, March 17, at 12 o'clock.
☑
705009-47-71

MONDAY, MARCH 17, 1947
194
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: Mr. Chief Justice Vinson, Mr. Justice Black, Mr. Justice
Reed, Mr. Justice Frankfurter, Mr. Justice Douglas, Mr. Justice
Jackson, Mr. Justice Rutledge, and Mr. Justice Burton.
Roland F. O'Bryen, of St. Louis, Mo.; Robert F. Schlafly, of St.
Louis, Mo.; Maude Ellen White, of Washington, D. C.; Edward Abbe
Niles, of New York, N. Y.; Lyman W. Sherwood, of Chicago, Ill.;
M. J. Sternberg, of Jamestown, Ky.; Jesse H. Chessin, of Wash-
ington, D. C.; Vincent A. Primerano, of New Rochelle, N. Y.;
Stephen J. Kovrak, of Philadelphia, Pa.; Wesley S. Williams, of
Washington, D. C.; Arthur Markowitz, of York, Pa.; Judson E.
Ruch, of York, Pa.; William J. Donahue, of Pasadena, Calif.; James
A. McKenna, Jr., of Washington, D. C.; James Arthur Smith, of
Washington, D. C.; and Isadore Waxman, of Newark, N. J., were
admitted to practice.
No. 417. United States Department of Agriculture, Emergency
Crop and Feed Loans, petitioner, v. George G. Remund, as Admin-
istrator of the Estate of Wilhelm Buttke, Deceased. On writ of
certiorari to the Supreme Court of the State of South Dakota.
Judgment reversed and case remanded for further proceedings not
inconsistent with the opinion of this Court. Opinion by Mr. Justice
Murphy, announced by Mr. Justice Rutledge. Dissenting: Mr.
Justice Douglas.
The Chief Justice said:
"The orders of the Court appear upon the list certified by the
Chief Justice and filed with the Clerk and will not be announced
orally."
No. 11, original. The State of Georgia, complainant, v. The Penn-
sylvania Railroad Company, et al. The motion of the State of Ala-
bama for leave to file a petition of intervention is referred to the
Special Master for a Special Report at his earliest convenience.
No. 12, original. The United States of America, complainant, v.
The State of California. The motion for leave to file reply brief of
Robert E. Lee Jordan as amicus curiae is granted. Mr. Justice
Jackson took no part in the consideration or decision of this appli-
cation.
705009-47- -72
H

MONDAY, MARCH 17, 1947
195
No. 119, Misc. Ex parte Frank Copeland, petitioner; and
No. 120, Misc. Ex parte Clarence B. Bernard, petitioner. The mo-
tions for leave to file petitions for writs of habeas corpus are denied.
No. 759. The United States of America, petitioner, v. United Mine
Workers of America, an Unincorporated Association;
No. 760. The United States of America, petitioner, v. John L.
Lewis, Individually and as President of the United Mine Workers
of America;
No. 781. United Mine Workers of America, an Unincorporated
Association, petitioner, v. The United States of America;
No. 782. John L. Lewis, Individually and as President of the
United Mine Workers of America, petitioner, v. The United States
of America; and
No. 811. United Mine Workers of America, an Unincorporated
Association, and John L. Lewis, Individually and as President of
the United Mine Workers of America, petitioners, v. The United
States of America. On consideration of the motion of the United
States for the issuance of the mandate in these cases prior to the
expiration of the 25-day period provided in Rule 34, it is ordered that
the mandate issue March 20, 1947.
No. 1035. The United States of America, appellant, v. Yellow
Cab Company, Chicago Yellow Cab Company, Inc., et al. In this
case probable jurisdiction is noted.
No. 901. G. Harold Earle, petitioner, v. Commissioner of Internal
Revenue;
No. 902. Stewart E. Earle, petitioner, v. Commissioner of Internal
Revenue;
No. 903. G. Harold Earle, petitioner, v. Commissioner of Internal
Revenue; and
No. 904. Stewart E. Earle, petitioner, v. Commissioner of In-
ternal Revenue. Petitions for writs of certiorari to the Circuit Court
of Appeals for the Sixth Circuit dismissed per stipulation on motion
of counsel for the petitioners.
No. 944. Herman Bloch, petitioner, v. The United States of
America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of
Appeals for the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 973. Pioneer Mill Company, Limited (a Hawaiian Corpora-
tion), petitioner, v. Victoria Ward, Ltd., Victoria Kathleen Ward,
et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of Appeals
for the Ninth Circuit denied.
}
k
1

MONDAY, MARCH 17, 1947
196
No. 983. Samuel Allen, petitioner, v. The United States of Amer-
ica. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of Appeals
for the Second Circuit denied.
No. 989. Hal Peterson, Charles Peterson, Taylor Cummins, et al.,
petitioners, v. National Labor Relations Board. Petition for writ
of certiorari to the Circuit Court of Appeals for the Sixth Circuit
denied.
No. 990. Morton Friedman, petitioner, v. Lewis B. Schwellenbach,
Individually and as Secretary of Labor, et al. Petition for writ of
certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the District of
Columbia denied.
No. 991. Edward S. Cannon and Charles Smith, petitioners, v.
The United States of America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
Circuit Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 992. Atlantic Coast Line Railroad Company, petitioner, v.
Laura Moss. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of
Appeals for the Second Circuit denied.
No. 1001. Nowlin Randolph, petitioner, v. The United States of
America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of
Appeals for the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 1002. D. M. W. Contracting Co., Inc., Hartford Accident and
Indemnity Company, et al., petitioners, v. C. R. Stolz. Petition for
writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the
District of Columbia denied.
No. 794. Charles (Pete) Blue, petitioner, v. The State of Indiana.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Indiana
denied. Mr. Justice Murphy and Mr. Justice Rutledge are of the
opinion that the petition for certiorari should be granted.
No. 976. Royal Packing Company, petitioner, v. Paul A. Porter,
Price Administrator, Office of Price Administration. The motion to
substitute Philip B. Fleming, Temporary Controls Administrator, as
the party respondent is granted. The petition for writ of certiorari
to the Circuit Court of Appeals for the Eighth Circuit is denied.
No. 815. Stephen T. Povich, petitioner, v. Joseph W. Sanford,
Warden, etc. On petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court
of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit ;
No. 878. Willis Rogers, petitioner, v. P. J. Squier, Warden, etc.
On petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of Appeals
for the Ninth Circuit;
No. 888. Cecil S. Lucas, petitioner, v. The United States of
America. On petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court
of Appeals for the Fourth Circuit;

MONDAY, MARCH 17, 1947
197
No. 1055. James Ernest, petitioner, v. People of the State of
Illinois. On petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court
of Illinois;
No. 1066. Clyde Forsythe, petitioner, v. Walter Nierstheimer,
Warden, etc. On petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme
Court of Illinois; and
No. 1089. Victor Von Scherer, petitioner, v. Joseph E. Ragen,
Warden, etc. On petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court
of Will County, State of Illinois. The motions for leave to pro-
ceed in forma pauperis are granted. The petitions for writs of cer-
tiorari are denied.
No. 1045. Lawrence E. Cook, petitioner, v. The State of Indiana.
On petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Indiana;
and
No. 116, Misc. Ex parte Lawrence E. Cook, petitioner;
No. 1073. Fred Elliott, petitioner, v. The People of the State of
Michigan. On petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court
of Michigan; and
No. 118, Misc. Ex parte Fred Elliott, petitioner. The motions for
leave to proceed in forma pauperis are granted. The petitions for
writs of certiorari are denied. The motions for leave to file petitions
for writs of habeas corpus are also denied.
No. 553. John J. Cartner, petitioner, v. The People of the State of
New York; and
No. 804. Kurt Mertig, petitioner, v. The People of the State of
New York; and
No. 805. Ernest Elmhurst, petitioner, v. The People of the State
of New York. The petitions for rehearing are denied.
Adjourned until Monday, March 31, next, at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Monday, March 31, will be as follows: Nos. 625,
840, 535, 512, 583, 606, 680, 731 (and 732), 377 (and 452), and
682.
Х

MONDAY, MARCH 31, 1947
198
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: Mr. Chief Justice Vinson, Mr. Justice Black, Mr. Justice
Reed, Mr. Justice Frankfurter, Mr. Justice Douglas, Mr. Justice
Murphy, Mr. Justice Jackson, Mr. Justice Rutledge, and Mr. Justice
Burton.
Raymond E. Daily, of Waverly, Ohio; Earl D. Parker, of Waverly,
Ohio; Herbert R. Elsas, of Atlanta, Ga.; M. J. Cofer, of Waverly,
Ohio; John F. Lang, of New York, N. Y.; George W. Rittenour, of
Piketon, Ohio; George D. Nye, of Waverly, Ohio; Nevin L. Bitner, of
Lancaster, Pa.; Louis James Harris, of New York, N. Y.; Leo Louis
Gairaud, of San Jose, Calif.; Leo Freedman, of New York, N. Y.;
Willard Schwartz, of New York, N. Y.; Birt C. Byrd, of Jackson-
ville, Fla.; Earl F. Halverson, of Chicago, Ill.; Ellsworth Alfred
Moats, of Chillicothe, Ohio; and Max Bergman, of Los Angeles,
Calif., were admitted to practice.
No. 22. Max Levinson, petitioner, v. Spector Motor Service, a Cor-
poration. On writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of the State
of Illinois. Judgment affirmed with costs. Opinion by Mr. Justice
Burton. Dissenting opinion by Mr. Justice Rutledge in which Mr.
Justice Black and Mr. Justice Murphy join.
No. 41. Pyramid Motor Freight Corporation, petitioner, v. Murray
Ispass, Max Granofsky, Harry Brownstein, et al. On writ of certio-
rari to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Second
Circuit. Judgment of Circuit Court of Appeals vacated insofar as
it relates to the respondents other than Shapiro and case remanded
to the District Court of the United States for the Southern District
of New York for further proceedings in conformity with the opinion
of this Court. Opinion by Mr. Justice Burton.
No. 49. Hans Max Haupt, petitioner, v. The United States of
America. On writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court
of Appeals for the Seventh Circuit. Judgment affirmed and case re-
manded to the District Court of the United States for the Northern
District of Illinois. Opinion by Mr. Justice Jackson. Concurring
opinion by Mr. Justice Douglas. Dissenting opinion by Mr. Justice
Murphy.
No. 270. Industrial Commission of Wisconsin, Leo Thomas Kopp,
and State of Wisconsin, petitioners, v. E. E. McCartin and Continen-
705009-47-
-73
1

1
MONDAY, MARCH 31, 1947
199
tal Casualty Company. On writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court
of the State of Wisconsin. Judgment reversed with costs and case
remanded to said Supreme Court for further proceedings not incon-
sistent with the opinion of this Court. Opinion by Mr. Justice Mur-
phy. Mr. Justice Rutledge concurs in the result.
No. 453. The Penfield Company of California and A. W. Young,
petitioners, v. Securities and Exchange Commission. On writ of
certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the
Ninth Circuit. Writ of certiorari dismissed as to Penfield Company,
Judgment affirmed and case remanded to the District Court of the
United States for the Southern District of California. Opinion by
Mr. Justice Douglas. Concurring opinion by Mr. Justice Rutledge.
Dissenting opinion by Mr. Justice Frankfurter in which Mr. Justice
Jackson concurs.
No. 384. People of the State of New York ex rel. Rose Halvey, pe-
titioner, v. John F. Halvey, Custodian of John Arthur Halvey. On
writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals of the State of New York.
Judgment affirmed with costs. Opinion by Mr. Justice Douglas. Mr.
Justice Jackson concurs in the result. Concurring opinion by Mr.
Justice Frankfurter. Concurring opinion by Mr. Justice Rutledge.
No. 291. Marion B. Kotch, John L. Richards, Adolph Clark, et al.,
appellants, v. Board of River Port Pilot Commissioners for the Port
of New Orleans et al. Appeal from the Supreme Court of the State
of Louisiana. Judgment affirmed with costs. Opinion by Mr. Justice
Black. Dissenting opinion by Mr. Justice Rutledge in which Mr.
Justice Reed, Mr. Justice Douglas, and Mr. Justice Murphy join.
No. 72. The Interstate Commerce Commission, appellant, v. A. L.
Mechling, Doing Business Under the Trade Name and Style of A. L.
Mechling Barge Line, Inland Waterways Corporation, The Secretary
of Agriculture, War Food Administrator, and The United States of
America. Appeal from the District Court of the United States for
the Northern District of Illinois. Decree affirmed. Opinion by Mr.
Justice Black. Dissenting opinion by Mr. Justice Jackson in which
Mr. Justice Frankfurter joins.
Mr. 564. L. Metcalfe Walling, Administrator of the Wage and
Hour Division, United States Department of Labor, petitioner, v.
The General Industries Company. On writ of certiorari to the
United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Sixth Circuit. Judg-
ment affirmed and case remanded to the District Court of the United
States for the Northern District of Ohio. Opinion by Mr. Chief
Justice Vinson. Dissenting opinion by Mr. Justice Rutledge in which
Mr. Justice Black and Mr. Justice Murphy join.

MONDAY, MARCH 31, 1947
200
The Chief Justice announced the following orders of the Court:
ORDER
IT IS ORDERED by the Court that Miss Helen Newman be, and she is
hereby, appointed Librarian of this Court in the place of Oscar D.
Clarke, deceased.
No. 253. The United States of America, appellant, v. The Pullman
Company et al.;
No. 254. Otis & Co., appellant, v. The United States of America
et al.;
No. 255. The Chesapeake & Ohio Railroad Company et al., appel-
lant, v. The United States of America et al.; and
No. 256. Glore, Forgan & Co., appellant, v. The United States of
America et al. Appeals from the District Court of the United States
for the Eastern District of Pennsylvania. Per curiam: The Judg-
ment is affirmed by an equally divided Court. Mr. Justice Jackson
took no part in the consideration or decision of these cases.
No. 880. Robert J. Swem, petitioner, v. The People of the State of
Michigan. On petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court
of Michigan. Per curiam: The petition for writ of certiorari is
granted. The judgment is vacated and the cause is remanded to the
Supreme Court of Michigan in order to enable it to reexamine its
decision in the light of De Meerleer v. People of the State of Michigan,
No. 140, October Term 1946, decided February 3, 1947.
No. 1091. C. W. Falwell, Jr., and Falwell Fast Freight, Inc., ap-
pellants, v. The United States of America et al. Appeal from the
District Court of the United States for the Western District of Vir-
ginia. Per curiam: The motion to affirm is granted and the judgment
is affirmed. Secs. 5 and 17, Interstate Commerce Act, 54 Stat. 905, 913,
49 U. S. C., Secs. 5 and 17.
No. 1096. Mrs. Mattie L. Smith appellant, v. Jefferson County,
Georgia, etc., et al. Appeal from the Supreme Court of Georgia.
Per curiam: The motion to dismiss is granted and the appeal is dis-
missed for want of jurisdiction. Sec. 237 (a), Judicial Code as
amended, 28 U. S. C., sec. 344 (a). Treating the papers whereon
the appeal was allowed as a petition for writ of certiorari as required
by sec. 237 (c) of the Judicial Code as amended, 28 U. S. C., sec.
344 (c), certiorari is denied.
No. 1110. Grand Lodge Hall Association, I. O. O. F. of Indiana,
a Corporation, et al., appellants, v. Ralph F. Moore, as Auditor of
Marion County, Indiana, et al. Appeal from the Supreme Court of
Indiana. Per curiam: The motion to affirm is granted and the judg-
ment is affirmed. Wisconsin & Michigan Ry. Co. v. Powers, 191
U. S. 379.
1
1

MONDAY, MARCH 31, 1947
The Chief Justice said:
201
"The other orders of the Court appear upon the list certified by the
Chief Justice and filed with the Clerk and will not be announced
orally."
No. 9, original. The State of Illinois, complainant, v. The State of
Indiana et al. An order is entered fixing the compensation and allow-
ing the expenses of the Special Master as of September 7, 1946.
No. 104, Misc. In Re Disbarment of Nathan A. Dobbins. It having
been reported to the Court that Nathan A. Dobbins, of Washington,
D. C., has been disbarred from the practice of the law by the District
Court of the United States for the District of Columbia; and this
Court by order of February 3, 1947, having suspended the said Nathan
A. Dobbins from the practice of the law in this Court and directed
that a rule issue requiring him to show cause why he should not be
disbarred; And it appearing that the said rule was duly issued and
served upon the respondent who has filed a return thereto; now, upon
consideration of the rule to show cause and the return aforesaid; It
is ordered that the said Nathan A. Dobbins be, and he is hereby, dis-
barred, and that his name be stricken from the roll of attorneys ad-
mitted to practice in this Court.
No. 128, Misc. In Re Disbarment of Leonard Eriksson. It having
been reported to the Court that Leonard Eriksson, admitted to the bar
of this Court from Fergus Falls, Minnesota, has been disbarred from
the practice of law by the Supreme Court of the State of Minnesota ;
It is ordered that the said Leonard Eriksson be, and he is hereby, sus-
pended from the practice of law in this Court, and that a rule issue,
returnable within forty (40) days from March 31, 1947, requiring
him to show cause why he should not be disbarred from the practice
of law in this Court.
No. 121, Misc. Ex parte Dewey White, petitioner; and
No. 123, Misc. Ex parte John Wells, petitioner. The motions for
leave to file petitions for writs of habeas corpus are denied.
No. 122, Misc. Ex parte Joseph Poresky, petitioner. The motion
for leave to file petition for writ of mandamus is denied.
No. 124, Misc. Ex parte Standard Oil Company of Indiana, peti-
tioner. The motion for leave to file petition for writ of mandamus
and/or prohibition and/or certiorari is denied.
No. 141. The Confederated Bands of The Ute Indians, petitioners,
v. The United States. It is ordered that the opinion announced Feb-
ruary 17, 1947, be, and the same hereby is, amended as follows: (1)
Lines 25 through 35 of page 4 are amended to read: "Pursuant to an
act of 1909, 35 Stat. 781, petitioners recovered a judgment for the
proceeds of certain lands sold by the Government, as well as the value

MONDAY, MARCH 31, 1947
202
of certain lands appropriated by the Government to its own use, all
of which were part of the 1868 treaty lands. The Ute Indians v.
United States, 45 Ct. Cls. 440, 46 Ct. Cls. 225. Thus, except for cer-
tain treaty lands not at issue here, litigation concerning which is now
pending in the Court of Claims, the only lands in Colorado for which
the Indians have not been paid are those to the north of and outside the
1868 treaty reservation which were made available to them by the
Executive Order of 1875." (2) The sentence beginning on line 5 of
page 6 is amended to read: “It is conceded that the petitioners have
either been, or are currently pressing litigation in the Court of Claims
by which they seek to be, compensated for the White River Valley
lands, and in fact, for all of the land which was contained in the true
boundaries of the 1868 reservation." (3) The sentence beginning on
line 2 of page 7 is amended to read: "For the Indians' enjoyment of
the White River lands was protected during their stay on the reserva-
tion, and the lands have either already been paid for, or are the sub-
ject of pending litigation in the Court of Claims whereby the Indians
seek payment for them."
No. 288. Sid W. Richardson et al., petitioners, v. Keith Kelly,
Receiver. The motion of petitioner to retax costs is denied.
No. 385. Atlantic Coast Line Railroad Company, appellant, v.
M. E. Thompson, State Revenue Commissioner of the State of Georgia.
The motion to substitute Glenn S. Phillips as the party appellee in
the place and stead of M. E. Thompson is granted.
No. 504. James Marr, Doing Business as Marr Duplicator Com-
pany, petitioner, v. A. B. Dick Company. The motion of petitioner
for clarification or modification of the order and mandate of this Court
is denied.
No. 1036. Charles L. Smith, petitioner, v. Paul A. Porter, Admin-
istrator, Office of Price Administration. The motion to substitute
Philip B. Fleming, Temporary Controls Administrator, as the party
respondent is granted.
No. 470. Daniel F. Rice, Joseph J. Rice, et al., petitioners, v. Great
Lakes Elevator Corporation et al.;
No. 471. Daniel F. Rice, Joseph J. Rice, et al., petitioners, v. Board
of Trade of the City of Chicago, a Corporation;
No. 472. Illinois Commerce Commission et al., petitioners, v. Great
Lakes Elevator Corporation et al.; and
No. 473. Illinois Commerce Commission et al., petitioners, v. Board
of Trade of the City of Chicago, a Corporation. On writs of certio-
rari to the Circuit Court of Appeals for the Seventh Circuit. Counsel
for the petitioners in Nos. 470 and 471 having suggested that one of
the copartners of the firm of Daniel F. Rice & Co., to wit: Walter T.

MONDAY, MARCH 31, 1947
203
Rice, died on June 8, 1946, and that said firm has been reconstituted
with the addition of Joseph A. Fagan as a partner and member
thereof, it is ordered that the writs of certiorari be dismissed as to
Walter T. Rice and that Joseph A. Fagan be, and he hereby is, made
a party petitioner in Nos. 470 and 471. Counsel for the petitioners
in Nos. 470 and 471 having further suggested that respondent Great
Lakes Elevator Corporation has abandoned its service as a warehouse
and public storer of grain for hire, it is ordered that the writs of
certiorari in Nos. 470 and 472 be dismissed as to respondent Great
Lakes Elevator Corporation.
No. 908. Brotherhood of Locomotive Firemen and Enginemen,
Local Lodge No. 926, et al., petitioners, v. Toledo, Peoria & Western
Railroad and Farmers Grain Company, et al.; and
No. 1047. Farmers Grain Company et al., petitioners, v. Brother-
hood of Locomotive Firemen and Enginemen, Local Lodge No. 926,
et al. Petitions for writs of certiorari to the Circuit Court of Appeals
for the Seventh Circuit granted.
No. 993. Virgil D. Bell et al., petitioners, v. Seton Porter et al.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of Appeals for the
Seventh Circuit granted.
No. 893. R. P. Hunter, petitioner, v. Texas Electric Railway Com-
pany. The petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Civil Ap-
peals, 3d Supreme Judicial District, State of Texas, is granted and the
case is transferred to the summary docket.
No. 996. The United States, petitioner, v. Arkansas Valley Rail-
way, Inc. The petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Claims
is dismissed on motion of counsel for the petitioner.
No. 735. Elisa Campos Delgado et al., petitioners, v. Central
Cambalache, Inc., et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit
Court of Appeals for the First Circuit denied.
No. 859. Julius Hartmann, as Executor Under the Last Will and
Testament of Annie C. Grun, Deceased, petitioner, v. The United
States. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Claims denied.
No. 968. Ralph E. White, petitioner, v. The People of the State of
Illinois ex rel. Lyman F. Martin et al.; and
No. 969. Ralph E. White, petitioner, v. The People of the State
of Illinois ex rel. Lyman F. Martin et al. Petition for writs of certio-
rari to the Appellate Court, First District, State of Illinois, denied.
No. 975. The United States of America ex rel. Maximillian Karl
Reichel, petitioner, v. Ugo Carusi, Commissioner of Immigration and
Naturalization Service. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit
Court of Appeals for the Third Circuit denied.

+
MONDAY, MARCH 31, 1947
204
No. 994. William F. Rokey, Harold McGownd, et al., petitioners,
v. Day & Zimmermann, Inc. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
Circuit Court of Appeals for the Eighth Circuit denied.
No. 995. Claude Bowers et al., petitioners, v. Remington Rand,
Inc. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of Appeals
for the Seventh Circuit denied.
No. 998. St. Regis Paper Company, petitioner, v. Joseph T. Hig-
gins, Collector of Internal Revenue. Petition for writ of certiorari
to the Circuit Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit denied.
No. 1000. Lillian Jeffries, petitioner, v. Commissioner of Internal
Revenue. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of Ap-
peals for the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 1019. People of the State of Illinois ex rel. Ada Bell El, For
and on Behalf of Ira Johnson Bey, petitioner, v. Walter Nierstheimer,
Warden, Menard Psychiatric Division, Illinois State Penitentiary,
etc. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Illinois
denied.
No. 1025. Mrs. Marion T. Smith, Who Sues as Administrator of
the Estate of Her Daughter, Helen Walker Le Fever, petitioner, v.
Hydro Gas Company of West Florida, Inc., et al. Petition for writ of
certiorari to the Circuit Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 1029. Utah Junk Company, petitioner, v. Philip B. Fleming,
Temporary Controls Administrator. Petition for writ of certiorari
to the United States Emergency Court of Appeals denied.
No. 1041. L. C. Prichard, petitioner, v. The United States of
America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of Ap-
peals for the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 1043. Union Trust Company, a Corporation, as Trustee Under
Paragraph Nineteenth of the Will of Ann Porter, Deceased, peti-
tioner, v. Bertha Pauline Genau et al. Petition for writ of certiorari
to the Supreme Court of Florida denied.
No. 1046. Norfolk Southern Bus Corporation, petitioner, v. Na-
tional Labor Relations Board. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
Circuit Court of Appeals for the Fourth Circuit denied.
No. 1050. Charles F. Connors, Trustee in Bankruptcy of the Aga-
wam Racing and Breeders Association, Inc., petitioners v. Town of
Agawam. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of
Appeals for the First Circuit denied.
No. 1052. Charles Freeman Alexander, petitioner, v. Marjorie
Longan Alexander. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit
Court of Appeals for the Tenth Circuit denied.
No. 1072. E. E. Swalley, petitioner, v. Addressograph-Multigraph
Corporation. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of
Appeals for the Seventh Circuit denied.

MONDAY, MARCH 31, 1947
205
No. 971. Frank Lotto and Joseph Raymond Cullotta, petitioners,
v. The United States of America. The petition for writ of certiorari
to the Circuit Court of Appeals for the Eighth Circuit is denied as
to petitioner Lotto. On consideration of the suggestion of the death
of petitioner Cullotta on February 19, 1947, the petition for writ of
certiorari as to said petitioner is dismisssed.
No. 1090. Al Gavalis, petitioner, v. The People of the State of
Illinois. The motion to proceed on typewritten papers is granted.
The petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Illinois
is denied.
No. 866. Ivan L. Wagner, petitioner, v. The United States of
America. On petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of
Appeals for the Fifth Circuit;
No. 892. Donald P. Ackley, petitioner, v. The People of the State
of New York. On petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of
Appeals of the State of New York;
No. 1016. Robert L. Peyton, petitioner, v. Railway Express
Agency, Inc. On petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court
of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit;
No. 1017. Walter O. Noorlander, petitioner, c. The People of the
State of California. On petition for writ of certiorari to the District
Court of Appeal, 2d Appellate District, State of California:
No. 1021. Jose Cases Velazquez, petitioner, v. Walter A. Hunter,
Warden, etc. On petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court
of Appeals for the Tenth Circuit;
No. 1044. Duncan Dunscomb, petitioner, v. The People of the
State of New York. On petition for writ of certiorari to the County
Court of Onondaga County, State of New York;
No. 1074. Joseph Seileci, petitioner, v. The People of the State of
New York. On petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court,
Appellate Division, State of New York;
No. 1099. Richard Hayes, petitioner, v. The People of the State of
New York. On petition for writ of certiorari to the County Court of
Kings County, State of New York;
No. 1102. William Clifford Terwilliger, petitioner, v. The People
of the State of New York. On petition for writ of certiorari to the
County Court of Tioga County, State of New York;
No. 1114. James McGregor, petitioner, v. People of the State of
Illinois. On petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of
Illinois;
No. 1115. Ed. Williams, petitioner, v. Joseph E. Ragen, Warden,
etc. On petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of Will
County, State of Illinois;
'
1
1

MONDAY, MARCH 31, 1947
206
No. 1129. Ralph Haupris, petitioner, v. The People of the State of
Illinois. On petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of
Illinois;
No. 1130. Eugene J. Crowley, petitioner, v. Joseph E. Ragen,
Warden, etc. On petition for writ of certiorari to the Criminal Court
of Cook County, State of Illinois;
No. 1131. John E. Gawron, petitioner, v. Joseph E. Ragen,
Warden, etc. On petition for writ of certiorari to the Criminal Court
of Cook County, State of Illinois; and
No. 1136. Albert Woods, petitioner, v. People of the State of
Illinois. On petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of
Illinois. The motions for leave to proceed in forma pauperis are
granted. The petitions for writs of certiorari are denied.
No. 269, October Term, 1945. Milton Roe Sabin and Bertha Flor-
ence Sabin, petitioners, v. Home Owners' Loan Corporation et al.; and
No. 952, October Term, 1945. Bertha Florence Sabin and M. R.
Sabin, petitioners, v. Home Owners' Loan Corporation, a Corporation,
George J. Overmyer and Brenda E. Overmyer. The motions for leave
to file second petitions for rehearing are denied. The Chief Justice
and Mr. Justice Jackson took no part in the consideration or decision
of these applications.
No. 182. Howard E. Mackey, petitioner, v. The People of the State
of New York; and
No. 874. Max Louis Peskoe, petitioner, v. The United States of
America. The petitions for rehearing are denied.
-
No. Joseph T. Harrington, Registered and Duly Qualified Voter,
and all Voters Similarly Situated, appellant, v. Edmund K. Jarecki,
Harry A. Lipsky, Mabel G. Reinecke, et al., etc. Motion for in-
junction submitted by Mr. Joseph T. Harrington for the appellant and
the motion denied.
No. 625. Peter Caldarola, petitioner, v. Gerda Eckert and Thor
Eckert, Jr., Partners Doing Business Under the Firm Name of Thor
Eckert & Co. Argument commenced by Mr. Abraham M. Fisch for
the petitioner and continued by Mr. Raymond Parmer for the re-
spondents. Leave granted respondents to file reply brief within one
week.
Adjourned until tomorrow at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Tuesday, April 1, will be as follows: Nos. 625,
840 (and 535), 512, 583, 606, 680, 731 (and 732), 377 (and 452),
682, and 10 Original.
705009-47
☑
--74

TUESDAY, APRIL 1, 1947
207
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: Mr. Chief Justice Vinson, Mr. Justice Black, Mr. Justice
Reed, Mr. Justice Frankfurter, Mr. Justice Douglas, Mr. Justice
Murphy, Mr. Justice Jackson, Mr. Justice Rutledge, and Mr. Justice
Burton.
William M. Holt, of Lincoln, Nebr.; Daniel Leon Brenner, of Kan-
sas City, Mo.; Paul Flaherty, of Washington, D. C.; Raymond Edwin
Steele, of Washington, D. C.; Thomas B. Roberts, of Des Moines,
Iowa; John A. Stewart, of Bradenton, Fla.; Mary-Frances Glenn,
of Washington, D. C.; Charles Adams Perry, of Camden, Maine;
John Arthur Gross, of Chicago, Ill.; Harry Adelberg, of Baltimore,
Md.; Elizabeth V. Franzoni, of Washington, D. C.; Lowell Mundorff,
of Portland, Oreg.; Howard F. Saunders, of Amarillo, Tex.; and
Arthur C. Latina, of New York, N. Y., were admitted to practice.
No. 625. Peter Caldarola, petitioner, v. Gerda Eckert and Thor
Eckert, Jr., Partners Doing Business Under the Firm Name of Thor
Eckert & Co. Argument concluded by Mr. Raymond Parmer for the
respondents. Leave granted petitioner to file brief within one week
after service of reply brief of respondents.
No. 840. Myrl Alexander, Warden, petitioner, v. United States
ex rel. John Myron Kulick; and
No. 535. Theodore Martin Sunal, petitioner, v. David R. Large,
Superintendent, Federal Prison Camp, Mill Point, W. Va. Argued
by Mr. Irving S. Shapiro for the petitioner in No. 840 and the re-
spondent in No. 535, and by Mr. Hayden Covington for the respond-
ent in No. 840 and the petitioner in No. 535.
No. 512. James G. Raley and Thomas E. Raley, Trading as Raley's
Food Store, petitioners, v. Philip B. Fleming, Temporary Controls
Administrator; and
No. 583. Philip B. Fleming, Temporary Controls Administrator,
petitioner, v. Mohawk Wrecking and Lumber Company, a Partner-
ship, and Harry Smith. Argued by Mr. David London for the re-
spondent in No. 512 and the petitioner in No. 583. and by Mr. John
W. Babcock for the respondents in No. 583, and submitted by Mr.
C. L. Dawson and Mr. Paul Flaherty for the petitioners in No. 512.
Adjourned until tomorrow at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Wednesday, April 2, will be as follows: Nos. 606,
680, 731 (and 732), 377 (and 452), 682, 10 Original, 467, 235,
755, and 385.
705009-47-75
☑

WEDNESDAY, APRIL 2, 1947
208
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: Mr. Chief Justice Vinson, Mr. Justice Black, Mr. Justice
Reed, Mr. Justice Frankfurter, Mr. Justice Douglas, Mr. Justice.
Murphy, Mr. Justice Jackson, Mr. Justice Rutledge, and Mr. Justice
Burton.
George A. Smathers, of Miami, Fla.; Frances Helen Scardefield,
of Washington, D. C.; Hyman Jacob Cohen, of Boston, Mass.; Thayer
Chapman, of Brooklyn, N. Y.; August W. Heckman, of Jersey City,
N. J.; Edward David Wyner, of Cleveland, Ohio; Percy R. Peck,
of Bridgeport, Conn.; and Humphreys Springstun, of Detroit, Mich.,
were admitted to practice.
No. 606. The United States of America, petitioner, v. Samuel
Bayer, Elias Bayer and Walter V. Radovich. Argued by Mr. Fred-
erick Bernays Wiener for the petitioner, by Roger Robb for the re-
spondent Radovich, and by Mr. Charles H. Tuttle for the respondents
Samuel and Elias Bayer.
No. 680. Champion Spark Plug Company, petitioner, v. Peter
Sanders et al., Doing Business as The Perfect Recondition Spark
Plug Company. Argument commenced by Mr. Samuel E. Darby, Jr.,
for the petitioner and continued by Mr. John Wilson Hood for the
respondents.
Adjourned until tomorrow at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Thursday, April 3, will be as follows: Nos. 680,
731 (and 732), 377 (and 452), 682, 10 Original, 467, 235, 755,
385, and 562.
705009-47-76

THURSDAY, APRIL 3, 1947
209
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: Mr. Chief Justice Vinson, Mr. Justice Black, Mr. Justice
Reed, Mr. Justice Frankfurter, Mr. Justice Douglas, Mr. Justice
Murphy, Mr. Justice Jackson, Mr. Justice Rutledge, and Mr. Justice
Burton.
Harvey C. Hartwig, of Milwaukee, Wis.; Joseph Francis Meglen,
of Butte, Mont.; Frank S. Hogan, of New York, N. Y.; Joseph A.
Sarafite, of New York, N. Y.; Eugene A. Leiman, of New York,
N. Y.; Florence Hodel, of New York, N. Y.; Dorothea Grater Min-
skoff, of New York, N. Y.; Emanuel E. Minskoff, of New York, N. Y.;
John W. Watson, of Boston, Mass.; Elbert Allen Taylor, of Kansas
City, Mo.; Harry Friedman, of Washington, D. C.; Sara Blanche
McGrann, of Washington, D. C.; and Geo. L. Vaughn, of Saint Louis,
Mo., were admitted to practice.
No. 680. Champion Spark Plug Company, petitioner, v. Peter
Sanders et al., Doing Business as The Perfect Recondition Spark
Plug Company. Argument concluded by Mr. John Wilson Hood
for the respondents.
No. 731. Roy Bartels et al. and Justin Conlon, d. b. a. Crystal Ball-
room, petitioners, v. E. H. Birmingham, Individually and as Collec-
tor of Internal Revenue for the State of Iowa, et al.; and
No. 732. Larry V. Geer and Margaret Geer, d. b. a. Larry Geer
Ballrooms, petitioners, v. E. H. Birmingham, Individually and as
Collector of Internal Revenue for the State of Iowa. Argument com-
menced by Mr. Thomas B. Roberts for the petitioners; continued by
Mr. Robert A. Wilson for the respondents, Williams, et al; by Mr.
Robert L. Stern for the respondent, Birmingham, Collector, etc.; and
concluded by Mr. Clyde B. Charlton for the petitioners.
No. 377. Joseph S. Fay, petitioner, v. The People of the State of
New York: and
No. 452. James Bove, petitioner, v. The People of the State of
New York. Argued by Mr. Harold R. Medina for the petitioner in
No. 377 and by Mr. Whitman Knapp for the respondent. Submitted
by Mr. Moses Polakoff and Mr. Samuel Mezansky for the petitioner
in No. 452. Leave granted petitioners to file reply brief by Tuesday
next.
705009-47-77

THURSDAY, APRIL 3, 1947
Adjourned until Monday, April 7, next, at 12 o'clock.
210
The day call for Monday, April 7, will be as follows: Nos. 682,
10 Original, 467, 755, 235, 385, 562, 643 (and 644), 674 (and
675), and 626.

MONDAY, APRIL 7, 1947
211
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: Mr. Chief Justice Vinson, Mr. Justice Black, Mr. Justice
Reed, Mr. Justice Frankfurter, Mr. Justice Douglas, Mr. Justice Mur-
phy, Mr. Justice Jackson, Mr. Justice Rutledge, and Mr. Justice
Burton.
Philip H. Alston, of Atlanta, Ga.; Edward Emmet Heavey, of San
Francisco, Calif.; J. Alfred Moran, of Chicago, Ill.; Norman B. Gray,
of Cheyenne, Wyo.; Leonard Shapiro, of Pittsburgh, Pa.; Albert Mar-
tin Cohen, of Brooklyn, N. Y.; and James A. Tawney, of San Fran-
cisco, Calif., were admitted to practice.
No. 27. Bruce's Juices, Inc., petitioner, v. American Can Company,
On writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of the State of Florida.
Judgment affirmed with costs. Opinion by Mr. Justice Jackson. Dis-
senting opinion by Mr. Justice Murphy in which Mr. Justice Black,
Mr. Justice Douglas, and Mr. Justice Rutledge join.
No. 55. Bethlehem Steel Company, Edward F. Entwisle, Chauncey
L. Baker, William H. Peters, Jr., and J. Driscoll DeWitt, appellants,
v. New York State Labor Relations Board. Appeal from the Court
of Appeals of the State of New York; and
No. 76. The Allegheny Ludlum Steel Corporation, appellant, v.
William J. Kelley and H. Myron Lewis, Constituting the State Labor
Relations Board of the State of New York. Appeal from the Su-
preme Court of the State of New York, County of Chautauqua.
Judgments reversed with costs and cases remanded to the Court of
Appeals of New York for further proceedings not inconsistent with
the opinion of this Court. Opinion by Mr. Justice Jackson. Sep-
arate opinion by Mr. Justice Frankfurter in which Mr. Justice
Murphy and Mr. Justice Rutledge join.
No. 207. Emory S. Land (Chairman, United States Maritime
Commission), Howard L. Vickery (Vice Chairman, United States
Maritime Commission), et al., petitioners, v. R. Stanley Dollar, Dollar
Steamship Line, The J. Harold Dollar Estates Company, et al. On
writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the Dis-
trict of Columbia. Order of this Court substituting new members of
705009-47--78
膨

MONDAY, APRIL 7, 1947
212
the Maritime Commission as petitioners vacated so that District Court
may consider motions for substitution on remand. Judgment of the
Court of Appeals affirmed and case remanded to the District Court
of the United States for the District of Columbia. Opinion by Mr.
Justice Douglas. Mr. Justice Black took no part in the considera-
tion or decision of this case. Concurring opinion by Mr. Justice
Reed.
No. 430. The United
Hardware Company, Inc. On writ of certiorari to the United States
Circuit Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit. Judgment affirmed
and case remanded to the District Court of the United States for the
Western District of Louisiana. Opinion by Mr. Justice Black. Dis-
senting opinion by Mr. Justice Frankfurter in which Mr. Justice
Reed joins.
States of America, petitioner, v. Ogilvie
No. 585. The United States of America, appellant, v. Lem Hoy,
alias Lim Hoy. Appeal from the District Court of the United States
for the Southern District of California. Judgment reversed and
case remanded for further proceedings in conformity with the opinion
of this Court. Opinion by Mr. Justice Black.
The Chief Justice announced the following order of the Court:
No. 1100. The United States of America, appellant, v. Lionel Pal-
letz; and
No. 1101. The United States of America, appellant, v. Franklin
P. Kromer. Appeals from the District Court of the United States
for the Eastern District of Pennsylvania. Per curiam: The judg-
ments are reversed. 56 Stat. 23, 24, Sec. 1 (b) as amended, 50 U. S. C.
App. Supp. V, 901 (b); R. S. 13, as amended, 58 Stat. 118; Great
Northern Ry. Co. v. United States, 208 U. S. 452, United States v.
Reisenger, 128 U. S. 398.
The Chief Justice said:
"The other orders of the Court appear upon the list certified by
the Chief Justice and filed with the Clerk and will not be announced
orally."
No. In Re Shad Polier. The motion to amend the roll of
attorneys to show the change of name of Isadore Polier to Shad Polier
is granted.
No. 125, Misc. Ex parte Ralph Barton Butz et al., petitioners; and
No. 126, Misc. Ex parte Edward J. Sterba, Jr., petitioner. The
motions for leave to file petitions for writs of mandamus are denied.
No. 127, Misc. Ex parte Annie C. Lewis et al., petitioners. The
petition for appeal is denied.
Y
f
1.

MONDAY, APRIL 7, 1947
213
No. 131, Misc. Ex parte John S. Snyder, petitioner. The petition
for appeal presented to Mr. Justice Douglas and by him referred to
the Court is denied.
No. 184. A. N. Cone, petitioner, v. West Virginia Pulp and Paper
Co. The motion of respondent as to costs is denied.
No. 993. Virgil D. Bell et al., petitioners, v. Seton Porter et al.
The order entered March 31, 1947, granting certiorari is vacated. On
reconsideration the petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court
of Appeals for the Seventh Circuit is denied.
No. 425. James F. Morris, petitioner, v. L. Metcalfe Walling, Ad-
ministrator of the Wage and Hour Division, United States De-
partment of Labor. The petition for writ of certiorari to the Cir-
cuit Court of Appeals for the Sixth Circuit is granted limited to
the second question presented by the petition for the writ and the case
is transferred to the summary docket. The Interstate Commerce
Commission is invited to file a brief amicus curiae if so advised.
No. 1059. Fred Y. Oyama and Kajiro Oyama, petitioners, v. State
of California. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court
of California granted.
No. 677. Morris H. Senderowitz et al., Individually and as Co-
Partners Trading as Royal Manufacturing Company, petitioners. v.
Philip B. Fleming, Temporary Controls Administrator; and
No. 678. Morris H. Senderowitz et al., Individually and as Co-
Partners Trading as Royal Manufacturing Company, petitioners, v.
Philip B. Fleming, Temporary Controls Administrator. Petition for
writs of certiorari to the Circuit Court of Appeals for the Third
Circuit denied.
No. 813. Denny Martini and Mildred Martini, Individually and
Doing Business as Lakeside Cut-Rate Liquor Store, petitioners, v.
Philip B. Fleming, Temporary Controls Administrator. Petition for
writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit
denied.
No. 985. Charles J. Culligan, petitioner, v. The United States.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Claims denied.
No. 1048. C. W. Thomas, petitioner, v. State of Florida. Petition
for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Florida denied.
No. 1065. Mary V. Chaney, petitioner, v. Holly Stover. Petition
for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of Appeals for the Fourth
Circuit denied.
No. 1067. John C. Cleaver, petitioner, v. Commissioner of Internal
Revenue. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of
Appeals for the Seventh Circuit denied.

MONDAY, APRIL 7, 1947
214
No. 1070. Josephine M. Moss, Administratrix of the Estate of
Nicholas John Moss, Deceased, petitioner, v. The Pennsylvania Rail-
road Company. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court
of Appeals for the Seventh Circuit denied.
No. 1071. Della Hook, Administratrix of the Estate of Jacob Hook,
Deceased, petitioner, v. National Brick Company. Petition for writ
of certiorari to the Circuit Court of Appeals for the Seventh Circuit
denied.
No. 1077. Pacific Electric Railway Company, petitioner, v. The
United States of America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Cir-
cuit Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit denied.
No. 1080. Philip B. Fleming, Temporary Controls Administrator,
petitioner, v. Christine Collins et al.;
No. 1081. Philip B. Fleming, Temporary Controls Administrator,
petitioner, v. Adolph Hirsch; and
No. 1082. Philip B. Fleming, Temporary Controls Administrator,
petitioner, v. W. M. Morrison et al. Petition for writs of certiorari
to the United States Emergency Court of Appeals denied.
No. 1084. Stuart Morrison Wilson, petitioner, v. The United States
of America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of
Appeals for the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 1087. Lacy D. Kirkmyer, G. Clifford Kirkmyer, and L. D.
Kirkmyer, et al., petitioners, v. Arkansas Fuel Oil Company, a West
Virginia Corporation. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit
Court of Appeals for the Fourth Circuit denied.
No. 1093. William Chanady, petitioner, v. Detroit Sheet Steel
Works. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of Appeals
for the Sixth Circuit denied.
No. 1119. Certified Oil Company, Inc., Bankrupt, and Harold F.
Fishbeck, petitioners v. George J. Rudnick and Harry Rice. Petition
for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of Appeals for the Second
Circuit denied.
No. 1106. Ira B. Arnstein, petitioner, v. Cole Porter. The motion
to dispense with printing the petition and record is granted. The
petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of Appeals for the
Second Circuit is denied.
No. 1061. George Johnson, petitioner, v. John F. Foster, Warden,
etc. On petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of
New York, Appellate Division, Fourth Department;
No. 1124. Elmer Whited, petitioner, v. People of the State of
Illinois. On petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court
of Illinois;

MONDAY, APRIL 7, 1947
215
No. 1146. Joseph Rios, petitioner, v. People of the State of Illinois.
On petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Illinois;
No. 1148. Thomas Bartell, petitioner, v. Walter Nierstheimer,
Warden, etc. On petition for writ of certiorari to the Criminal Court
of Cook County, State of Illinois;
No. 1151. Harry Stengel, petitioner, v. C. J. Burke, Warden,
Eastern State Penitentiary. On petition for writ of certiorari to the
Supreme Court of the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania; and
No. 1153. Robert Jones, petitioner, v. Joseph E. Ragen, Warden,
etc. On petition for writ of certiorari to the Criminal Court of
Cook County, State of Illinois. The motions for leave to proceed
in forma pauperis are granted. The petitions for writs of certiorari
are denied.
No. 543. Federal Power Commission et al., petitioners, v. Arkansas
Power & Light Company;
No. 910. Jane V. Buckner and Leon Buckner, petitioners, v. Fred
A. Tweed, Trading as F. A. Tweed Company; and
No. 953. The Sanitary District of Chicago, petitioner, v. Activated
Sludge, Inc., Activated Sludge, Ltd., Edgar C. Guthard, et al., etc.
The petitions for rehearing are denied.
The Court will take a recess from Monday, April 14, until Monday,
April 28, next.
No. 575. Jack Gorum and National Mutual Casualty Company,
petitioners, v. Ruby O. Loudenslager and Charlotte Loudenslager.
Time within which to file respondents' brief extended to and including
April 26, 1947.
No. 1200. Charles H. Worcester et al., petitioners, v. Chicago
Transit Authority et al.;
No. 1201. Charles H. Worcester et al., petitioners, v. Chicago
Transit Authority et al.;
No. 1202. Charles H. Worcester et al., petitioners, v. Chicago
Transit Authority et al.;
No. 1203. Charles H. Worcester et al., petitioners, v. Chicago
Transit Authority et al.;
No. 1204. Charles H. Worcester et al., petitioners, v. Chicago
Transit Authority et al.; and
No. 1205. Charles H. Worcester et al., petitioners, v. Chicago
Transit Authority et al. Time for making service of petition for
certiorari, brief, and record extended to a date which is not later
than 10 days after the giving of notice by the Clerk of this Court to

MONDAY, APRIL 7, 1947
216
counsel for the petitioners that the printed record has been delivered
to such Clerk.
No. 682. Philip B. Fleming, Temporary Controls Administrator,
appellant, v. Dusty Rhodes, Sheriff, Tarrant County, Texas, et al.
Argued by Mr. Samuel Mermin for the appellant. No appearance
for the appellees. Leave granted appellant to file additional brief.
No. 10, Original. The United States of America, complainant, v.
The State of Wyoming and the Ohio Oil Company. Argued by Mr.
Marvin J. Sonosky for the complainant and by Mr. C. R. Ellery and
Mr. Donald R. Richberg for the defendants.
No. 467. Ayrshire Collieries Corporation et al., and Chicago, Mil-
waukee, St. Paul and Pacific Railroad Company, appellants, v. The
United States of America, Interstate Commerce Commission et al.
Argument commenced by Mr. Earl B. Wilkinson for the appellants,
Ayrshire Collieries Corporation et al.
Adjourned until tomorrow at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Tuesday, April 8, will be as follows: Nos. 467,
755, 235, 385, 562, 674 (and 675), 626, and 850.
ㄨˋ

TUESDAY, APRIL 8, 1947
217
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: Mr. Chief Justice Vinson, Mr. Justice Black, Mr. Justice
Reed, Mr. Justice Frankfurter, Mr. Justice Douglas, Mr. Justice
Murphy, Mr. Justice Jackson, Mr. Justice Rutledge, and Mr. Justice
Burton.
Philip J. Murphy, of Worcester, Mass.; Richard Arens, of Jefferson
City, Mo.; John D. O'Reilly, Jr., of Boston, Mass.; John F. Cooney,
of Washington, D. C.; Ruth Anna Erb Adams, of Chicago, Ill.;
Varian B. Adams, of Chicago, Ill.; James D. Avance, of Little Rock,
Ark.; Frances J. Ehlers, of Silver Springs, Md.: Hazel D. Huffman,
of Washington, D. C.; Albert S. Abel, of Morgantown, W. Va.; Julius
Cohn, of Portland, Oreg.; Charles Sanford Maddock. of Wilmington,
Del.; Joseph Sutherland Wright, of Havre, Mont.; John R. L. John-
son, Jr., of Wilmington, Del.; and Robert E. Masters, of Fort Wayne,
Ind., were admitted to practice.
No. 467. Ayrshire Collieries Corporation et al. and Chicago, Mil-
waukee, St. Paul and Pacific Railroad Company, appellants, v. The
United States of America, Interstate Commerce Commission, et al.
Argument continued by Mr. Earl B. Wilkinson for the appellants,
Ayrshire Colleries Corporation, et al.: by Mr. Carson L. Taylor for
the appellant, Chicago, Milwaukee, St. Paul and Pacific Railroad
Company; by Mr. Daniel W. Knowlton for the appellees, The United
States and Interstate Commerce Commission; and concluded by Mr.
Charles W. Stadell for the appellees, Central Illinois District Coal
Traffic Bureau, et al.: and case submitted by Mr. Erle J. Zoll, Jr.,
for the appellees, Alton Railroad Company (Henry A. Gardner,
Trustee), et al.
No. 755. Ira J. McCullough, petitioner, v. Kammerer Corporation
and Baash-Ross Tool Company. Argued by Mr. A. William Boyken
for the petitioner and by Mr. Leonard S. Lyon for the respondents.
No. 235. The United States of America, petitioner, v. Standard
Oil Company of California and Ira Boone. Argument commenced
by Mr. Frederick Bernays Wiener for the petitioner and continued
by Mr. Frank B. Belcher for the respondent.
Adjourned until tomorrow at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Wednesday, April 9, will be as follows: Nos. 235,
385, 562, 674 (and 675), 626, and 850.
705009-47-79
1
1
1
1
Х

WEDNESDAY, APRIL 9, 1947
218
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: Mr. Chief Justice Vinson, Mr. Justice Black, Mr. Justice
Reed, Mr. Justice Frankfurter, Mr. Justice Douglas, Mr. Justice Mur-
phy, Mr. Justice Jackson, Mr. Justice Rutledge, and Mr. Justice
Burton.
Robert L. Hecker, of Kansas City, Mo.; Charles F. Chisholm, of
New York, N. Y.; Helen L. Clagett, of Arlington, Va.; Claud J. N.
Weber, of Boston, Mass.; Charles H. Ellner, of New York, N. Y.;
Richard Riddle Fisher, of Maplewood, N. J.; Richard Frederick
Wood, of Saint Louis, Mo.; Gilbert A. Cuneo, of New York, N. Y.;
and Martin Kurasch, of New York, N. Y., were admitted to practice.
No. 235. The United States of America, petitioner, v. Standard
Oil Company of California and Ira Boone. Argument continued bv
Mr. Frank B. Belcher for the respondents and concluded by Mr. Fred-
erick Bernays Wiener for the petitioner.
No. 385. Atlantic Coast Line Railroad Company, appellant, v.
Glenn S. Phillips, State Revenue Commissioner of the State of Geor-
gia. Argument commenced by Mr. Carl H. Davis for the appellant,
continued by Mr. Claude Shaw, Jr., and by Mr. Victor Davidson for
the appellee, and concluded by Mr. T. M. Cunningham for the
appellant.
No. 562. Rutherford Food Corporation and the George Kaiser
Packing Company, petitioners, v. L. Metcalfe Walling. Administrator
of the Wage and Hour Division, United States Department of Labor.
Argument commenced by Mr. E. R. Morrison for the petitioners and
continued by Miss Bessie Margolin for the respondent.
Adjourned until tomorrow at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Thursday, April 10, will be as follows: Nos. 562,
674 (and 675), 850, and 626.
705009-47-80

THURSDAY, APRIL 10, 1947
219
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: Mr. Chief Justice Vinson, Mr. Justice Black, Mr. Justice
Reed, Mr. Justice Frankfurter, Mr. Justice Douglas, Mr. Justice
Murphy, Mr. Justice Jackson, Mr. Justice Rutledge, and Mr. Justice
Burton.
Philip R. Collins, of New Orleans, La.; Evelyn Lang Krupp, of
Washington, D. C.; Blanche M. Margason, of Washington, D. C.;
David Glick, of Pittsburgh, Pa.; Louis H. Samuels, of New York,
N. Y.; J. Kenneth Hogue, of Carnegie, Okla.; Francis X. Driscoll,
of Boston, Mass.; Jay W. Scovel, of Independence, Kans.; George
Knox McMullan, of Washington, D. C.; William J. Rapp, of New
York, N. Y.; Ernest H. Davies, of Washington, D. C.; John F. Ne-
ville, of New York, N. Y.; Eugene A. Levinson, of New York, N. Y.;
Charles E. McGee, of New York, N. Y.; E. Margaret Lamoreaux, of
Washington, D. C.; Wm. Harvey Reeves, of New York, N. Y.; Clay-
ton C. Purdy, of Detroit, Mich.; and Frank H. Weitzel, of Washing-
ton, D. C., were admitted to practice.
No. 1196. Joseph E. Ragen, Warden, Illinois State Penitentiary,
petitioner, v. The United States of America ex rel. John H. Rooney.
Time for making service of petition for certiorari, brief, and record
extended to a date which is not later than 10 days after the giving
of notice by the Clerk of this Court to counsel for the petitioner that
the printed record has been delivered to such Clerk.
No. 1229. Louise Peete, petitioner, v. The People of the State of
California. The motion for leave to proceed in forma pauperis is
granted. The motion for a stay is denied. The petition for writ of
certiorari to the Supreme Court of the State of California is also
denied.
No. 562. Rutherford Food Corporation and The George Kaiser
Packing Company, petitioners, v. L. Metcalfe Walling, Administrator
of the Wage and Hour Division, United States Department of Labor.
Argument continued by Miss Bessie Margolin for the respondent and
concluded by Mr. E. R. Morrison for the petitioners. Leave granted
counsel for the petitioners to file additional brief within one week
and to counsel for the respondent to reply within one week thereafter.
Motion to substitute William R. McComb, present Administrator of
705009-47-81

THURSDAY, APRIL 10, 1947
220
the Wage and Hour Division, United States Department of Labor,
as the party respondent in the place and stead of L. Metcalfe Walling,
resigned, submitted by Miss Bessie Margolin for the respondent.
No. 674. Commissioner of Internal Revenue, petitioner, v. Sidney
S. Munter; and
No. 675. Commissioner of Internal Revenue, petitioner, v. Carl
Munter. Argued by Mr. Lee A. Jackson for the petitioner and by
Mr. Samuel Kaufman for the respondents. Leave granted petitioner
to file reply brief within one week and respondent a reasonable time
thereafter.
No. 850. Harrison Williams, Clifford F. Stone, Sidney J. Weinberg,
et al., petitioners, v. Carl J. Austrian and Robert G. Butcher, as Trus-
tees of Central States Electric Corporation. Argument commenced
by Mr. Milton Pollock for the petitioners and continued by Mr. Carl
J. Austrian for the respondents.
Adjourned until tomorrow at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Friday, April 11, will be as follows: Nos. 850 and
626.
1

FRIDAY, APRIL 11, 1947
221
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: Mr. Chief Justice Vinson, Mr. Justice Black, Mr. Justice
Reed, Mr. Justice Frankfurter, Mr. Justice Douglas, Mr. Justice
Murphy, Mr. Justice Jackson, Mr. Justice Rutledge, and Mr. Justice
Burton.
Oliver Dibble, of Washington, D. C.; Edward Molenof, of Wash-
ington, D. C.; Abraham N. Geller, of New York, N. Y.; John D.
Lane, of Washington, D. C.; Sylvan Schwartz, of Washington, D. C.;
Welford J. Massie, of Arlington, Va.; Helena D. Reed, of Wash-
ington, D. C.; Arthur J. McLaughlin, of New Haven, Conn.; John
P. Burke, of Butte, Mont.; Edwin W. Cimokowski, of Philadelphia,
Pa.; S. C. Masterson, of Richmond, Calif.; Robert Hall McCaw, of
Orkland, Calif.; Albert L. O'Connor, of Loretto, Pa.; Sidney S.
Sachs, of Washington, D. C.; Joseph F. Lawless, Jr., of Washington,
D. C.; Harold R. Korey, of New York, N. Y.; Alberto Picó, of San
Juan, P. R.; A. Bruce Wright, of Palo Alto, Calif.; Giles C. Peter-
son, of Cheyenne, Okla.; Jerry N. Griffin, of Weatherford, Okla.;
Robert E. Teaford, of Columbus, Ohio; Paul M. Herbert, of Colum-
bus, Ohio; John R. Hoye, of Uniontown, Pa.; and William J. Junker-
man, of New York, N. Y., were admitted to practice.
No. 1200. Charles H. Worcester et al., petitioners, v. Chicago
Transit Authority et al.;
No. 1201. Charles H. Worcester et al., petitioners, v. Chicago
Transit Authority et al.;
No. 1202. Charles H. Worcester et al., petitioners, v. Chicago
Transit Authority et al.;
No. 1203. Charles H. Worcester et al., petitioners, v. Chicago
Transit Authority et al.;
No. 1204. Charles H. Worcester et al., petitioners, v. Chicago
Transit Authority et al.; and
No. 1205. Charles H. Worcester et al., petitioners, v. Chicago
Transit Authority et al. Motion that disposition of petition for
certiorari be advanced submitted by Mr. Werner W. Schroeder for
the respondents.
No. 850. Harrison Williams, Clifford F. Stone, Sidney J. Wein-
berg, et al., petitioners, v. Carl J. Austrian and Robert G. Butcher,
705009-47- -82

FRIDAY, APRIL 11, 1947
222
as Trustees of Central States Electric Corporation. Argument con-
tinued by Mr. Carl J. Austrian for the respondents and concluded
by Mr. Milton Polack for the petitioners.
No. 626. Tom C. Clark, Attorney General, as Successor to the
Alien Property Custodian, petitioner, v. Alvina Allen, Gertrude Din-
widdie, Hilda Pigozzi, et al. Argued by Mr. Harry Leroy Jones for
the petitioner, by Mr. S. C. Masterson for the respondents, and by
Mr. Everett W. Mattoon for the State of California, as amicus curiae,
by special leave of Court.
Adjourned until Monday, April 14, next, at 12 o'clock.

MONDAY, APRIL 14, 1947
223
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: Mr. Chief Justice Vinson, Mr. Justice Black, Mr. Justice
Reed, Mr. Justice Frankfurter, Mr. Justice Douglas, Mr. Justice
Murphy, Mr. Justice Jackson, Mr. Justice Rutledge, and Mr. Justice
Burton.
Byron E. Kabot, of New York, N. Y.; James N. Ackerman, of
Lincoln, Nebr.; George Cohan, of Gary, Ind.; Frederick L. Kane, of
New York, N. Y.; Rodolfo A. Correa, of New York, N. Y.; Robert J.
Wojcinski, of Detroit, Mich.; Alfred P. Draper, of Gary, Ind.; Charles
Edward Thomas, of Stoneboro, Pa.; Theobald J. Dengler, of New
York, N. Y.; Waymon Belton McLeskey, of Columbus, Ohio; Harry
Kotlar, of Davenport, Iowa; Richard Kingsbury Stevens, of Phila-
delphia, Pa.; Louis J. Glicksberg, of San Francisco, Calif.; Katharine
Dixon Agar, of Chicago, Ill.; Tim J. Campbell, of Newton, Iowa;
Robert J. Flint, of Coudersport, Pa.; Charles H. Davis, of Knoxville,
Tenn.; Harold C. Hanke, of Saint Louis, Mo.; Frank E. Ransdell,
of Hominy, Okla.; Sidney Orenstein, of New York, N. Y.; Walter
Alfred John, of Milwaukee, Wis.; and Harold Julian Sherman, of
New York, N. Y., were admitted to practice.
No. 85. The Trailmobile Company and International Union,
United Automobile, Aircraft and Agricultural Workers of America,
U. A. W.-C. I. O., Local No. 392, petitioners, v. Lawrence Whirls.
On writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals
for the Sixth Circuit. Judgment of Circuit Court of Appeals re-
versed without costs but without prejudice from the decision here to
respondent's assertion in the future of any rights he may have against
Trailmobile or the collective agent on account of their acts not pre-
sented on the record in this case or involved in the issues determined
by this decision. The case is remanded to the District Court of the
United States for the Southern District of Ohio for proceedings in
conformity with the opinion of this Court. Opinion by Mr. Justice
Rutledge. Dissenting opinion by Mr. Justice Jackson in which Mr.
Justice Frankfurter joins.
No. 83. Independent Warehouses, Inc., Pennsylvania Coal Com-
pany, Erie Railroad Company and James Thompson, appellants, v.
William Scheele, Recorder of the Township of Saddle River, and the
705009-47-83

MONDAY, APRIL 14, 1947
224
Township of Saddle River. Appeal from the Court of Errors and
Appeals of the State of New Jersey. Judgment affirmed with costs.
Opinion by Mr. Justice Rutledge. Concurring opinion by Mr. Justice
Frankfurter. Dissenting opinion by Mr. Justice Jackson in which
Mr. Chief Justice Vinson joins.
No. 371. United States National Bank in Johnstown and First
National Bank of South Fork, petitioners, v. Chase National Bank
of the City of New York and Lester Larimer, Trustee. On writ
of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the
Third Circuit. Judgment reversed with costs and case remanded
to the District Court of the United States for the Western District
of Pennsylvania for further proceedings in conformity with the
opinion of this Court. Opinion by Mr. Justice Murphy. Mr. Justice-
Frankfurter is of the opinion that the order of the District Court
should be restored on the ground that the creditors entered into an
agreement which was not objectionable under Sec. 57 (h) of the
Bankruptcy Act, whereby the liens of the petitioners were saved..
Mr. Justice Jackson concurs in the result. Mr. Justice Douglas
dissents.
No. 68. Beulah B. Crane, petitioner, v. Commissioner of Internal
Revenue. On writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court
of Appeals for the Second Circuit. Judgment affirmed and case
remanded to the said Circuit Court of Appeals. Opinion by Mr.
Chief Justice Vinson. Dissenting opinion by Mr. Justice Jackson
in which Mr. Justice Frankfurter and Mr. Justice Douglas join.
No. 74. L. Metcalfe Walling, Administrator of the Wage and
Hour Division, United States Department of Labor, petitioner, v.
Halliburton Oil Well Cementing Company. On writ of certiorari
to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit.
Judgment affirmed and case remanded to the District Court of the
United States for the Southern District of California. Opinion
by Mr. Chief Justice Vinson. Opinion by Mr. Justice Rutledge
concurring in the judgment. Dissenting opinion by Mr. Justice
Murphy in which Mr. Justice Black concurs.
The Chief Justice said:
"The orders of the Court appear upon the list certified by the
Chief Justice and filed with the Clerk and will not be announced
orally."
No. 129, Misc. Ex parte Benjamin Rockower, petitioner. The re-
quest of the petitioner for leave to withdraw the application filed
herein is granted.
b

MONDAY, APRIL 14, 1947
225
No. 133, Misc. John H. Fahey et al., petitioners, v. Hon. Peirson
M. Hall, Judge, etc. A rule is ordered to issue, returnable Monday,
April 28, next, requiring the respondents to show cause why leave to
file the petition for writ of mandamus and/or prohibition and/or
injunction should not be granted. The cause is assigned for argu-
ment on the return to the rule immediately following the hearing in
Fahey v. Mallonee, No. 687. All proceedings tending to effectuate
the order of the District Judge granting a motion with respect to
costs and expenses of certain appellees in case No. 687 and counsel.
fees are hereby stayed pending the further order of this Court.
No. 733. Interstate Natural Gas Company, Incorporated, peti-
tioner, v. Federal Power Commission et al. The motion of American
Petroleum Institute and others for leave to appear and present oral
argument as amici curiae is denied.
No. 823. The United States of America, appellant, v. Paul Evans.
It is ordered that David Ginsburg, Esquire, of Washington, D. C., a
member of the Bar of this Court, be appointed to serve as counsel for
the appellee in this case.
No. 1083. Al Williams and Al Williams Health System of Los
Angeles, Inc., petitioners, v. Michael J. Fanning, Individually and
as Postmaster of the City of Los Angeles, California. The petition
for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of Appeals for the Ninth
Circuit is granted limited to the first question presented by the peti-
tion for the writ and the case is transferred to the summary docket.
No. 1092. Frank Walter Mogall, petitioner, v. The United States
of America. The petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court
of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit is granted and the case is transferred
to the summary docket.
No. 875. Philip B. Fleming, Temporary Controls Administrator,
Office of Temporary Controls, petitioner, v. Royal Lee, Doing Busi-
ness as Vitamin Products Company. Petition for writ of certiorari
to the United States Emergency Court of Appeals denied.
No. 1015. Mayfair Meat Packing Corp. and John Carr, petition-
ers, v. The United States of America. Petition for writ of certiorari
to the Circuit Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit denied.
No. 1049. Nicholas J. Curtis, petitioner, v. Hon. Guy L. Fake,
U. S. District Judge, Utah Fuel Company, et al. Petition for writ
of certiorari to the Circuit Court of Appeals for the Third Circuit
denied.
No. 1068. Saul S. Freeman, petitioner, v. The United States of
America; and

MONDAY, APRIL 14, 1947
226
No. 1069. Saul S. Freeman, petitioner, v. The United States of
America. Petition for writs of certiorari to the Circuit Court of
Appeals for the Ninth Circuit denied.
No. 1078. Vacu-Matic Carburetor Company, petitioner, v. Federal
Trade Commission. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit
Court of Appeals for the Seventh Circuit denied.
No. 1085. Samuel Salvadore Perniciaro, petitioner, v. The United
States of America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit
Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 1086. First National Bank in Houston et al., petitioners, v.
Frank Scofield, Collector of Internal Revenue. Petition for writ of
certiorari to the Circuit Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 1094. Elizabeth Arden, Inc., Elizabeth Arden Sales Corpora-
tion, and Florence N. Lewis, petitioners, v. Federal Trade Commis-
sion. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of Appeals
for the Second Circuit denied.
No. 1103. Edward C. Commers, petitioner, v. The United States
of America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of
Appeals for the Ninth Circuit denied.
No. 1117. Mason & Dixon Lines, Incorporated, petitioner, v.
Commonwealth of Virginia, at the Relation of State Corporation
Commission. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court
of Appeals, Commonwealth of Virginia, denied.
No. 1122. Gertrude M. Decker et al., Executors of the Estate of
Jos. B. Decker, Deceased, and Gertrude M. Decker, Individually,
petitioners, v. G. H. Kann and W. L. Kann. Petition for writ of cer-
tiorari to the Supreme Court of the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania
denied.
No. 1126. Ralph N. Weil, petitioner, v. H. F. Haessler Hardware
Co. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Wiscon-
sin denied.
No. 1127. Dimas Ygnacio Ybarra Amaya et al., petitioners, v.
Stanolind Oil and Gas Company et al. Petition for writ of certiorari
to the Circuit Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 1181. Ethel S. Pauling, petitioner, v. Lorette Pauling. Peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of Appeals for the
Eighth Circuit denied.
No. 1200. Charles H. Worcester et al., petitioners, v. Chicago
Transit Authority et al.;
No. 1201. Charles H. Worcester et al., petitioners. v. Chicago
Transit Authority et al.;

MONDAY, APRIL 14, 1947
227
No. 1202. Charles H. Worcester et al., petitioners, v. Chicago
Transit Authority et al.;
No. 1203. Charles H. Worcester et al., petitioners, v. Chicago
Transit Authority et al.;
No. 1204. Charles H. Worcester et al., petitioners, v. Chicago
Transit Authority et al.; and
No. 1205. Charles H. Worcester et al., petitioners, v. Chicago
Transit Authority et al. The motion by the respondents to advance
the consideration of the petition for certiorari is granted. The peti-
tion for writs of certiorari to the Circuit Court of Appeals for the
Seventh Circuit is denied.
No. 999. Albert Durrett, petitioner, v. The United States of Amer-
ica. On petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of Appeals
for the Fifth Circuit;
No. 1013. Donald E. Hasson, petitioner, v. The United States of
America. On petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court
of Appeals for the District of Columbia;
No. 1118. Clifford James Lane, petitioner, v. The People of the
State of New York. On petition for writ of certiorari to the County
Court of Oneida County, State of New York;
No. 1125. James Slater, petitioner, v. The People of the State of
New York. On petition for writ of certiorari to the County Court of
Kings County, State of New York;
No. 1132. Peter Martin, petitioner, v. The People of the State of
New York. On petition for writ of certiorari to the County Court
of Rockland County, State of New York;
No. 1145. Conrad Bordeleau, petitioner, v. The People of the State
of New York. On petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of
General Sessions of the City and County of New York, State of
New York;
No. 1171. James W. Ross, petitioner, v. Walter Nierstheimer,
Warden, etc. On petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court
of Randolph County, State of Illinois; and
No. 1192. Edward Poppe, petitioner, v. Joseph E. Ragen, Warden,
etc. On petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of Win-
nebago County, State of Illinois. The motions for leave to proceed
in forma pauperis are granted. The petitions for writs of certiorari
are denied.
No. 888. Cecil S. Lucas, petitioner, v. The United States of
America;
No. 991. Edward S. Cannon and Charles Smith, petitioners, v..
The United Stats of America; and

MONDAY, APRIL 14, 1947
228
No. 1045. Lawrence E. Cook, petitioner, v. The State of Indiana.
The petitions for rehearing are denied.
No. 909. Walter E. Meyer, Intervener, petitioner, v. Berryman
Henwood, as Trustee of St. Louis Southwestern Railway Company
Lines, et al. Time within which to file petition for rehearing extended
to and including May 23, 1947, on motion of the petitioner.
No. 1143. The United States of America, petitioner, v. Mt.
Clemens Pottery Company, Steve Anderson, et al. Petition for writ
of certiorari to the Circuit Court of Appeals for the Sixth Circuit
dismissed on motion of counsel for the petitioner.
Adjourned until Monday, April 28, next, at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Monday, April 28, will be as follows: Nos. 593,
656, 715, 718, 464, 687, 133 Misc., 793, 934, and 346.
☑

'
MONDAY, APRIL 28, 1947
229
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: Mr. Chief Justice Vinson, Mr. Justice Black, Mr. Justice
Reed, Mr. Justice Frankfurter, Mr. Justice Murphy, Mr. Justice
Jackson, Mr. Justice Rutledge, and Mr. Justice Burton.
Meyer L. Casman, of Philadelphia, Pa.; Margaret Valentine, of
Fort Smith, Ark.; Mack K. Greenberg, of Boston, Mass.; Elwood S.
Kendrick, of Berkeley, Calif.; Charles C. Burks, of Knoxville, Tenn.;
John Wintersteen, of Philadelphia, Pa.; N. Scarritt, of Enid, Okla.;
Raymond Tremaine, of Los Angeles, Calif.; Robert L. Austin, of
Anderson, Ind.; William C. Kelly, of Cincinnati, Ohio; Ellis Bell
Miller, of Washington, D. C.; Richard J. Gleason, of Chicago, Ill.;
Gerald H. Moye, of Chicago, Ill.; Sam A. Kessler, of St. Louis, Mo.;
Steadman Garretson Smith, of Los Angeles, Calif.; Arthur Warner,
of Newark, N. J.; Frederick Henry NeCasek, of Long Beach, Calif.;
Carroll M. Redford, of Glasgow, Ky.; Vernon V. Ketring, of Denver,
Colo.; and Joseph A. Segal, of Cincinnati. Ohio, were admitted to
practice.
No. 467. Ayrshire Collieries Corporation et al. and Chicago, Mil-
waukee, St. Paul, and Pacific Railroad Company, appellants, v. The
United States of America, Interstate Commerce Commission, et al.
Appeal from the District Court of the United States for the Southern
District of Indiana. Decree vacated and appeal dismissed. Appel-
lants will be free to suggest that the District Court be reconvened in
accordance with the Urgent Deficiencies Act of October 22, 1913, so
that three judges may hear and determine the application to enjoin
the order of the Commission in issue. Opinion by Mr. Justice Mur-
phy. Dissenting: Mr. Justice Rutledge.
No. 583. Philip B. Fleming, Temporary Controls Administrator,
petitioner, v. Mohawk Wrecking and Lumber Company, a Partner-
ship, and Harry Smith. On writ of certiorari to the United States
Circuit Court of Appeals for the Sixth Circuit; and
No. 512. James G. Raley and Thomas E. Raley, Trading as Raley's
Food Store, petitioners, v. Philip B. Fleming, Temporary Controls
Administrator. On writ of certiorari to the United States Court of
Appeals for the District of Columbia. Motion to vacate order of this
Court substituting Fleming for Porter denied. Judgment in No. 583
705009-47-84

MONDAY, APRIL 28, 1947
230
reversed and case remanded to the District Court of the United States
for the Eastern District of Michigan for further proceedings in con-
formity with the opinion of this Court. Judgment in No. 512 af-
firmed and case remanded to the District Court of the United States
for the District of Columbia. Opinion of Mr. Justice Douglas an-
nounced by Mr. Justice Black. Concurring opinion by Mr. Justice
Jackson.
No. 680. Champion Spark Plug Company, petitioner, v. Peter
Sanders et al., Doing Business as The Perfect Recondition Spark
Plug Company. On writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit
Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit. Judgment affirmed with
costs and case remanded to the District Court of the United States
for the Eastern District of New York. Opinion by Mr. Justice
Douglas announced by Mr. Justice Black.
No. 682. Philip B. Fleming, Temporary Controls Administrator,
appellant, v. Dusty Rhodes, Sheriff, Tarrant County, Texas, et al.
Appeal from the District Court of the United States for the Northern
District of Texas. Decree reversed and case remanded for further
proceedings in conformity with the opinion of this Court. Opinion
by Mr. Justice Reed. Dissenting opinion by Mr. Justice Frankfurter.
No. 755. Ira J. McCullough, petitioner, v. Kammerer Corporation
and Baash-Rost Tool Company. On writ of certiorari to the United
States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit. Judgment
reversed with costs and case remanded to the Circuit Court of Ap-
pears for further proceedings in conformity with the opinion of this
Court. Opinion by Mr. Justice Black.
The Chief Justice announced the following orders of the Court:
No. 1223. Cheltenham and Abington Sewerage Company, appel-
lant, v. Pennsylvania Public Utility Commission. Appeal from the
Supreme Court of the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania; and
No. 1230. Newton Oil Company, appellant, v. John Bockhold and
Earle F. Wingren. Appeal from the Supreme Court of Colorado.
Per curiam: The motions to dismiss are granted and the appeals are
dismissed. Treating the papers whereon the appeals were allowed as
petitions for writs of certiorari as required by sec. 237 (c) of the
Judicial Code as amended, 28 U. S. C., sec. 344 (c), certiorari is
denied.
No. 1224. The Motor Haulage Company, Inc., appellant, v. The
United States of America, Interstate Commerce Commission, et al.
Appeal from the District Court of the United States for the Eastern

MONDAY, APRIL 28, 1947
231
District of New York. Per curiam: The motions to affirm are granted
and the judgment is affirmed.
The Chief Justice said:
"The other orders of the Court appear upon the list certified by
the Chief Justice and filed with the Clerk and will not be announced
crally."
No. 132, Misc. Ex parte Dorsey McMahan, petitioner. Applica-
tion denied.
No. 134, Misc. Ex parte Charles Gramlich, petitioner. The mo-
tion for leave to file petition for writ of habeas corpus is denied.
No. 135, Misc. H. Dulany Mitchell, petitioner, v. Honorable Colin
Neblett, Judge. The motion for leave to file petition for writ of
mandamus is denied.
No. 85. The Trailmobile Company and International Union,
United Automobile, Aircraft, and Agricultural Workers of America,
U. A. W.-C. I. O. Local 392, petitioners, v. Lawrence Whirls. It is
ordered that footnote 20 in the opinion of this Court be changed to
read as follows: "The Government states that a veteran could be re-
duced in seniority on account of bona fide changed circumstances or on
account of cause or upon waiver. As to this, see note 25." It is further
ordered that the words "As we have indicated above," appearing at
the beginning of the first paragraph on page 21 of the opinion be
deleted so that the sentence will read as follows: "The argument for
respondent in this case is of whole cloth in principle with the conten-
tion for 'superseniority' made and rejected in the Fishgold case, as
indeed the District Court and the Court of Appeals regarded it."
No. 733. Interstate Natural Gas Company, Incorporated, peti-
tioner, v. Federal Power Commission et al. The motion of the State
of Texas and Railroad Commission of Texas for leave to appear and
present oral argument as amici curiae is granted.
No. 934. Tom C. Clark, Attorney General, as Successor to the Alien
Property Custodian, petitioner, v. Uebersee Finanz-Korporation, A. G.
The motion of National Foreign Trade Council, Inc., for leave to file a
brief as amicus curiae is granted.
No. 1076. International Salt Company, Incorporated, appellant,
v. The United States of America; and
No. 1208. The United States of America, appellant, v. Interna-
national Salt Company, Incorporated; and
No. 1188. Joseph White Musser, Guy W. Musser, Charles Fred-

MONDAY, APRIL 28, 1947
232
erick Zitting et al., appellants, v. The State of Utah. In these cases
probable jurisdiction is noted.
No. 1064. The Federal Crop Insurance Corporation, petitioner, v.
A. A. Merrill and N. D. Merrill, Co-Partners, Doing Business Under
the Firm Name and Style of Merrill Bros. Petition for writ of certio-
rari to the Supreme Court of Idaho granted and the case is transferred
to the summary docket.
No. 1108. Robert E. Hannegan, Individually and as Postmaster
General of the United States, petitioner, v. Read Magazine, Inc., et al.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the District of Columbia granted and the case is transferred to the
summary docket.
No. 1144. Estate of Sidney M. Spiegel, Deceased, Katherine J.
Spiegel, et al., Surviving Executors, etc., petitioners, v. Commissioner
of Internal Revenue. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit
Court of Appeals for the Seventh Circuit granted and the case is trans-
ferred to the summary docket.
No. 1062. W. F. Wilson et al., petitioners, v. Reconstruction Fi-
nance Corporation. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit
Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 1075. The United States, petitioner, v. Albert & Harrison, In-
corporated. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Claims
denied.
No. 1088. The United States of America ex rel. Paul Knauer, peti-
tioner, v. Andrew Jordan, as District Director of Immigration and
Naturalization for the District of Chicago. Petition for writ of cer-
tiorari to the Circuit Court of Appeals for the Seventh Circuit denied.
No. 1113. Otto Hermann Wilhelm Macke, Theresa Johanna Mul-
ler, and Irmgard Sturn, petitioners, v. The United States of America.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of Appeals for the
Second Circuit denied.
No. 1116. Walter C. DeFrates, petitioner, v. The People of the
State of Illinois. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court
of Illinois denied.
No. 1120. Karl Jonsson, petitioner, v. The United States of Amer-
ica. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of Appeals
for the Second Circuit denied.
No. 1128. Morris Hefler, George Levy, and Al Levy, petitioners, v.
The United States of America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
Circuit Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit denied.

MONDAY, APRIL 28, 1947
233
No. 1133. Louise C. Bennion, petitioner, v. New York Life Insur-
ance Company. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court
of Appeals for the Tenth Circuit denied.
No. 1149. Findley Antis et al., petitioners, v. Montgomery Ward
& Co., Inc. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of
Appeals for the Sixth Circuit denied.
No. 1157. Standard Surety and Casualty Company of New York,
petitioner, v. The Plantsville National Bank and the Federal Deposit
Insurance Corporation, Receiver. Petition for writ of certiorari to
the Circuit Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit denied.
No. 1158. Katherine C. Williams, petitioner, v. The United States
of America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of
Appeals for the Second Circuit denied.
No. 1225. John J. Casale, Inc., petitioner, v. Loren Skidmore
Thomas McKasey, Conrad A. Fugman, et al. Petition for writ of
certiorari to the Circuit Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit
denied.
No. 1107. Greenhouse Bros. & Finkelstein, Inc., petitioner, v. Re-
construction Finance Corporation. Petition for writ of certiorari to
the United States Emergency Court of Appeals denied. The Chief
Justice took no part in the consideration or decision of this application.
No. 340. Gene McCann, petitioner, v. Tom C. Clark, Attorney Gen-
eral of the United States, etc. On petition for writ of certiorari to the
Circuit Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit;
No. 841. Gene McCann, petitioner, v. William A. Adams, Warden
of the City Prison of Manhattan, New York City, et al. On petition
for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of Appeals for the Second
Circuit ;
No. 872. John Knight Giles, petitioner, v. The United States of
America. On petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of
Appeals for the Ninth Circuit;
No. 912. John Boyce Davis, petitioner, v. James A. Johnston,
Warden, etc. On petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court
of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit;
No. 918. Dorsey McMahan, petitioner, v. James A. Johnston,
Warden, etc. On petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court
of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit;
No. 948. Forest G. Wood, petitioner, v. Ralph Howard, Warden,
Indiana State Prison. On petition for writ of certiorari to the Cir-
cuit Court of Appeals for the Seventh Circuit;

MONDAY, APRIL 28, 1947
234
No. 1026. Sam Ruben, petitioner, v. E. J. Welch, Superintendent
of the District of Columbia Reformatory. On petition for writ of
certiorari to the Circuit Court of Appeals for the Fourth Circuit;
No. 1121. Ollie N. Perry, Administratrix of the Estate of Jennie
S. Moody, petitioner, v. Steadman C. Wheeler, Administrator, d. b. n.,
c. t. a. of the Estate of George E. Moody. On petition for writ of
certiorari to the Supreme Court of Vermont;
No. 1142. George Small, petitioner, v. People of the State of New
York. On petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of General
Sessions of the City and County of New York, State of New York;
No. 1182. Victor Wenderlin, petitioner, v. The People of the State
of New York. On petition for writ of certiorari to the County
Court of Kings County, State of New York;
No. 1185. Gordon Leonard Hart, petitioner, v. P. J. Squier,
Warden, etc. On petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court
of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit;
No. 1198. Mike Seric, petitioner, v. People of the State of New
York. On petition for writ of certiorari to the 4th Appellate De-
partment of the Supreme Court of New York;
No. 1209. Paul Lewis, petitioner, v. The People of the State of
Michigan. On petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court
of Michigan;
No. 1212. Edwin J. Evans, petitioner, v. Gerald F. Bush, Warden
of the House of Correction, Michigan Branch Prison. On petition
for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Michigan;
No. 1216. Joseph Scarpinato, petitioner, v. Joseph E. Ragen,
Warden, etc. On petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court,
Criminal Court of Cook County, and the Circuit Court of Will
County, State of Illinois;
No. 1221. Leo Michalowski, petitioner, v. Joseph E. Ragen,
Warden, etc. On petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court
of Will County, State of Illinois;
No. 1232. Frank Howe, petitioner, v. Joseph E. Ragen, Warden,
etc. On petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of Ogle
County and the Circuit Court of Will County, State of Illinois; and
No. 1233. Charles Wilkerson, petitioner, v. People of the State
of Illinois. On petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court
of Illinois. The motions for leave to proceed in forma pauperis are
granted. The petitions for writs of certiorari are denied.
No. 111, Misc. Ex parte N. B. Houghton, petitioner ;
No. 127, Misc. Ex parte Anna C. Lewis et al., petitioners;
No. 49. Hans Max Haupt, petitioner, v. The United States of
America;

MONDAY, APRIL 28, 1947
235
No. 291. Marion B. Kotch, John L. Richards, Adolph Clark, et al.,
appellants, v. Board of River Port Pilot Commissioners for the Port
of New Orleans et al.;
No. 866. Ivan L. Wagner, petitioner, v. The United States of
America;
No. 993. Virgil D. Bell et al., petitioners, v. Seton Porter et al.;
No. 994. William F. Rokey, Harold McGownd, et al., petitioners,
v. Day & Zimmermann, Inc.;
No. 995. Claude Bowers et al., petitioners, v. Remington Rand,
Inc.;
No. 1016. Robert L. Peyton, petitioner, v. Railway Express
Agency, Inc.;
No. 1090. Al Gavalis, petitioner, v. The People of the State of
Illinois; and
No. 1110. Grand Lodge Hall Association, I. O. O. F. of Indiana,
a Corporation, et al., appellants, v. Ralph F. Moore, as Auditor of
Marion County, Indiana, et al. The petitions for rehearing are
denied.
No. 253. The United States of America, appellant, v. The Pullman
Company et al.;
No. 254. Otis & Co., appellant, v. The United States of America
et al.; and
No. 255. The Chesapeake & Ohio Railroad Company et al., appel-
lants, v. The United States of America et al. The petitions for re-
hearing are denied. Mr. Justice Jackson took no part in the consider-
ation or decision of these applications.
No. 593. Francis R. Cope, Jr., petitioner, v. A. M. Anderson, Re-
receiver of the National Bank of Kentucky. Argued by Mr. Harold
Evans for the petitioner and by Mr. Robert S. Marx for the
respondent.
No. 656. A. M. Anderson, Receiver of the National Bank of Ken-
tucky, Louisville, Kentucky, petitioner, v. Lawrence S. Helmers et al.
Argued by Mr. Robert S. Marx for the petitioner and by Mr. Murray
Seasongood for the respondents.
No. 715. State of Oklahoma and Champlin Refining Company,
petitioners, v. The United States of America. Argument commenced.
by Mr. Nathan Scarritt for the petitioner, Champlin Refining Com-
pany and continued by Mr. Stanley M. Silverberg for the respondent.
Adjourned until tomorrow at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Tuesday, April 29, will be as follows: Nos. 715,
718, 464, 687, 133 Misc., 793, 934, 346, 733, and 405.
☑

TUESDAY, APRIL 29, 1947
236
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: Mr. Chief Justice Vinson, Mr. Justice Black, Mr. Justice
Reed, Mr. Justice Frankfurter, Mr. Justice Jackson, Mr. Justice Rut-
ledge, and Mr. Justice Burton.
William M. Thompson, of Batesville, Ark.; Spessard L. Holland,
of Bartow, Fla.; Louis F. Snedigar, of Miami Beach, Fla.; Geo. A.
Hutchinson, of Enid, Okla.; Gerald E. Dwyer, of New York, N. Y.;
Samuel H. Hellenbrand, of New York, N. Y.; Raymond W. Miller,
of Jackson, Miss.; John Collins Murray, of Little Rock, Ark.; Maury
Young, of Washington, D. C.; Philip Goldstein, of Washington, D. C.;
Antonio M. Fernandez, of Santa Fe, N. Mex.; William Furst, of
Newark, N. J.; Benjamin I. Kantor, of Woodbridge, N. J.; Joseph A.
Mirne, of Asbury Park, N. J.; Joseph W. Bishop, Jr., of Washington,
D. C.; Peter B. Wells, of Beamont, Tex.; Paul Dobin, of New York,
N. Y.; and Charles DiPirro, of Somerville, Mass., were admitted
to practice.
No. 544. National Labor Relations Board, petitioner, v. Keystone
Steel & Wire Company and Independent Steel Workers Alliance.
Continued on motion of counsel for respondent Keystone Steel & Wire
Company.
No. 715. State of Oklahoma and Champlin Refining Company,
petitioners, v. The United States of America. Argument continued
by Mr. Stanley M. Silverberg for the respondent and concluded by
Mr. Mac Q. Williamson for the petitioners.
No. 718. The United States of America, appellant, v. Michael
Walsh, an Individual Trading as Kelp Laboratories. Argued by Mr.
Robert S. Erdahl for the appellant and by Mr. Eugene W. Miller for
the appellee.
No. 464. The United States of America, appellant, v. Line Mate-
rial Company, General Electric Company, James R. Kearney Corpo-
ration, et al. Argued by Mr. Assistant Attorney General Berge for
the appellant and by Mr. John Lord O'Brian and Mr. Albert R. Con-
nelly for the appellees.
Adjourned until tomorrow at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Wednesday, April 30, will be as follows: Nos. 687,
133 Misc., 793, 934, 346, 733, 405, 847, 954, and 970.
☑
705009-47-85

WEDNESDAY, APRIL 30, 1947
237
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES.
Present: Mr. Chief Justice Vinson, Mr. Justice Black, Mr. Justice
Reed, Mr. Justice Frankfurter, Mr. Justice Murphy, Mr. Justice Jack-
son, Mr. Justice Rutledge, and Mr. Justice Burton.
Bartholomew Diggins, of Washington, D. C.; Donald Ambrose
Chapman, of Minneapolis, Minn.; Morton H. Steinberg, of Washing-
ton, D. C.; Carl D. Coleman, of Washington, D. C.; Robert A. Nitschke,
of Shaker Heights, Ohio; Harry R. Pugh, Jr., of New York, N. Y.;
W. D. Benson, Jr., of Lubbock, Tex.; Julian D. Rosenberg, of New
York, N. Y.; Samuel M. Singer, of New York, N. Y.; Nathan B. Ko-
gan, of New York, N. Y.; William Maslow, of New York, N. Y.;
Alfred B. Hurley, of Washington, D. C.; Richard H. Love, of Hyatts-
ville, Md.; Leon N. Miller, of Chicago, Ill.; Merle Thorpe, Jr., of
Washington, D. C.; George S. Collins, of New York, N. Y.; Fabian
Christopher Cox, of Washington, D. C.; Edward C. Raftery, of New
York, N. Y.; George A. Raftery, of New York, N. Y.; Milton M.
Rosenbloom, of New York, N. Y.; Dugas Shands, of Cleveland, Miss.;
C. Oscar Berry, of Washington, D. C.; A. Leon Goldman, of Wash-
ington, D. C.; and George F. Richardson, of New York, N. Y., were
admitted to practice.
No. 687. John H. Fahey and A. V. Ammann, Individually and
Respectively as Federal Loan Bank Commissioner and Conservator
for the Long Beach Federal Savings and Loan Association, appellants,
v. Paul Mallonee et al. Argued by Mr. Oscar H. Davis for the ap-
pellants; by Mr. Wyckoff Westover for appellees, Paul Mallonee et
al.; by Mr. Charles K. Chapman for appellee, Long Beach Federal
Savings and Loan Association; and by Mr. Everett W. Matoon for the
State of California, as amicus curiae, by special leave of Court. Case
submitted by Mr. Louis W. Myers, Mr. Pierce Works, and Mr. Richard
Fitzpatrick for appellee, Federal Home Loan Bank of Los Angeles;
by Mr. Robert H. Wallis, pro se, and Mr. Raymond Tremaine for ap-
pellee, Robert H. Wallis; and by Mr. Harry O. Wallace for appellee,
Title Service Company.
No. 133, Misc. John H. Fahey et al., petitioners, v. Honorable
Peirson M. Hall, Judge of the District Court of the United States for
the Southern District of California. Argued on the motion for leave
to file petition for writ of mandamus and/or prohibition and/or in-
junction by Mr. Oscar H. Davis for petitioners in support of the
705009-47 -86

WEDNESDAY, APRIL 30, 1947
238
motion and on the rule to show cause and by Mr. Welburn Mayock
and Mr. Charles K. Chapman for respondent, Honorable Peirson M.
Hall, United States District Judge, in opposition to the motion and
on the return to the rule.
No. 793. The United States of America, petitioner, v. Elliott W.
Michener. Argued by Mr. W. Marvin Smith for the petitioner and
by Mr. Roger Kent for the respondent.
Adjourned until tomorrow at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Thursday, May 1, will be as follows: Nos. 934,
346, 733, 405, 847, 954, 970, 862, 945 (946 and 947), and 1035:
☑

THURSDAY, MAY 1, 1947
239
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: Mr. Chief Justice Vinson, Mr. Justice Black, Mr. Justice
Reed, Mr. Justice Frankfurter, Mr. Justice Murphy, Mr. Justice Jack-
son, Mr. Justice Rutledge, and Mr. Justice Burton.
Wilfrid L. Cloutier, of Detroit, Mich.; James B. Simms, of Houston,
Tex.; James R. Brook, of Vienna, Va.; Clifford Hynning, of Ar-
lington, Va.; Jerome A. Reiner, of New York, N. Y.; Bernard L.
Balicer, of New York, N. Y.; John Wayne Van Orman, of New York,
N. Y.; Roger L. Shidler, of Seattle, Wash.; Francis Van Orman, of
New York, N. Y.; Sydney Brodie, of New York, N. Y.; Lawrence V.
Meloy, of Phoenix, Ariz.; Culver Bryant Chamberlain, of Washing-
ton, D. C.; James Wheeler Clements, of Chicago, Ill.; James Martin
Souby, Jr., of San Francisco, Calif.; Edwin A. Mooers, Jr., of Wash-
ington, D. C.; J. Ambrose Kiley, of Washington, D. C.; Kenneth H.
Masters, of Detroit, Mich.; Lawrence J. Simmons, of Washington,
D. C.; and Paul Lee Sweeny, of Franklin Park, Va., were admitted
to practice.
No. 934. Tom C. Clark, Attorney General, as Successor to the
Alien Property Custodian, petitioner, v. Uebersee Finanz-Korpora-
tion, A. G. Argued by Mr. M. S. Isenbergh for the petitioner and by
Mr. Richard J. Connor for the respondent.
No. 346. Silesian American Corporation, Debtor, and Silesian
Holding Company, petitioners, v. Tom C. Clark, Attorney General, as
Successor to the Alien Property Custodian. Argued by Mr. Leonard
P. Moore for the petitioners and by Mr. James C. Wilson for the re-
spondent. Leave granted petitioner to file a reply brief.
Adjourned until tomorrow at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Friday, May 2, will be as follows: Nos. 733, 405,
847, 954, 970, 862, 945 (946 and 947), 1035, and 540.
☑
705009-47-87
'

FRIDAY, MAY 2, 1947
240
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: Mr. Chief Justice Vinson, Mr. Justice Black, Mr. Justice.
Reed, Mr. Justice Frankfurter, Mr. Justice Murphy, Mr. Justice
Jackson, Mr. Justice Rutledge, and Mr. Justice Burton.
William Buford McConnico, of Tulsa, Okla.; Allen Harvey
Broyles, of Shreveport, La.; John J. Donnelly, Jr., of Washington,
D. C.; Harry L. Walker, of Washington, D. C.; Earle V. Simrell,
of Washington, D. C.; Earl Jay Gratz, of Philadelphia, Pa.; Harry
L. Rosenthal, of Rochester, N. Y.; Filindo B. Masino, of Philadel-
phia, Pa.; Harvey P. Schneider, of Brentwood, Md.; Charles Henry
Lee, of New York, N. Y.; Joseph Prindaville, of Chicago, Ill.; James
Edward Mann, of Chicago, Ill.; and Malcom S. Mason, of New York,
N. Y., were admitted to practice.
No. 733. Interstate Natural Gas Company, Incorporated, peti-
tioner, v. Federal Power Commission et al. Argued by Mr. William
A. Dougherty for the petitioner; by Mr. James D. Smullen for the
State of Texas et al., as amici curiae, by special leave of Court; and
by Mr. Charles E. McGee for respondent Federal Power Commission.
No. 405. Marvin Gayes, petitioner, v. The State of New York.
Argued by Mr. Herbert Wechsler for the petitioner and by Mr. Harry
L. Rosenthal for the respondent.
Adjourned until Monday, next, at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Monday, May 5, will be as follows: Nos. 954, 970,
847, 945 (946 and 947), 1035, 862, and 540.
705009-47-
-88

MONDAY, MAY 5, 1947
241
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: Mr. Chief Justice Vinson, Mr. Justice Black, Mr. Justice
Reed, Mr. Justice Frankfurter, Mr. Justice Murphy, Mr. Justice
Jackson, Mr. Justice Rutledge, and Mr. Justice Burton.
Geo. T. Shannon, of Tampa, Fla.; Roswell P. Waldo, of Arlington,
Va.; A. Hale Watkins, of Fairmont, W. Va.; Harold Tannen, of
Miama Beach, Fla.; Charles R. Kaufman, of Chicago, Ill.; E. Blaine
Buchanan, of Chattanooga, Tenn.; Julius M. Arnstein, of New York,
N. Y.; Robert McCormick Adams, of Chicago, Ill.; Marguerite Rose
Kletchka, of Washington, D. C.; Nelle Hyde Holmes, of Manassas,
Va.; Francis J. Anastasia, of Philadelphia, Pa.; and A. L. Kearns,
of Cleveland, Ohio, were admitted to practice.
No. 471. Daniel F. Rice, Joseph J. Rice, et al., etc., petitioners, v.
Board of Trade of the City of Chicago, a Corporation; and
No. 473. Illinois Commerce Commission et al., petitioners, v.
Board of Trade of the City of Chicago, a Corporation. On writs of
certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the
Seventh Circuit. Judgment reversed with costs and cases remanded to
the District Court of the United States for the Northern District of
Illinois for proceedings in conformity with the opinon of this Court.
Opinion by Mr. Justice Douglas announced by Mr. Justice Black.
No. 470. Daniel F. Rice, Joseph J. Rice, et al., etc., petitioners, v.
Santa Fe Elevator Corporation et al.; and
No. 472. Illinois Commerce Commission et al., petitioners, v.
Santa Fe Elevator Corporation et al. On writs of certiorari to the
United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Seventh Circuit.
Judgment affirmed in part and reversed in part and cases remanded
to the District Court of the United States for the Northern District
of Illinois for proceedings in conformity with the opinion of this
Court. Opinion by Mr. Justice Douglas announced by Mr. Justice
Black. Dissenting opinion by Mr. Justice Frankfurter in which
Mr. Justice Rutledge concurs.
No. 674. Commissioner of Internal Revenue, petitioner, v. Sidney
S. Munter; and
No. 675. Commissioner of Internal Revenue, petitioner, v. Carl
Munter. On writs of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court
705009-47-89

1
MONDAY, MAY 5, 1947
242
of Appeals for the Third Circuit. Judgments reversed and cases
remanded to the Circuit Court of Appeals with directions to remand
to the Tax Court for proceedings not inconsistent with the opinion
of this Court. Opinion by Mr. Justice Black.
No. 34. George Harris, petitioner, v. The United States of Amer-
ica. On writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of
Appeals for the Tenth Circuit. Judgment affirmed and case re-
manded to the District Court of the United States for the Western
District of Oklahoma. Opinion by Mr. Chief Justice Vinson. Dis-
senting opinion by Mr. Justice Jackson. Dissenting opinion by Mr.
Justice Murphy in which Mr. Justice Frankfurter and Mr. Justice
Rutledge join. Dissenting opinion by Mr. Justice Frankfurter in
which Mr. Justice Murphy and Mr. Justice Rutledge concur.
No. 497. 149 Madison Avenue Corp. and Williams & Co., Inc.,
petitioners, v. Frank Asselta, Camilo Del Rio, Joseph McArdle, et al.
On writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals
for the Second Circuit. Judgment affirmed with costs and case re-
manded to the District Court of the United States for the Southern
District of New York. Opinion by Mr. Chief Justice Vinson.
The Chief Justice announced the following order of the Court:
No. 1104. Charles Trudell, appellant, v. State of Mississippi; and
No. 1105. James Lewis, Jr., appellant, v. State of Mississippi. Ap-
peals from and petitions for writs of certiorari to the Supreme Court
of Mississippi. Per curiam: The motions for leave to proceed in forma
pauperis are granted. The appeals are dismissed and the petitions for
writs of certiorari are denied. Mr. Justice Murphy and Mr. Justice
Rutledge are of the opinion that the petitions for certiorari should be
granted. Mr. Justice Douglas took no part in the consideration or
decision of these cases.
The Chief Justice said:
"The other orders of the Court appear upon the list certified by the
Chief Justice and filed with the Clerk and will not be announced
orally."
No. 136, Misc. Joseph Poresky, petitioner, v. Honorable J. Ford,
United States District Judge. The motion for leave to file a petition
for writ of mandamus is denied.
No. 1147. Local 2880, Lumber & Sawmill Workers Union, United.
Brotherhood of Carpenters & Joiners of America, Affiliated With the
American Federation of Labor, petitioner, v. The National Labor

MONDAY, MAY 5, 1947
243
Relations Board. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court
of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit granted.
No. 1162. Harry Blumenthal, petitioner, v. The United States of
America;
No. 1163. Lawrence B. Goldsmith, petitioner, v. The United States
of America;
No. 1164. Samuel S. Weiss, petitioner, v. The United States of
America; and
No. 1165. Albert Feigenbaum, petitioner, v. The United States
of America. The petitions for writs of certiorari to the Circuit Court
of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit are granted and the cases are con-
solidated for argument.
No. 1176. W. Clay Rodgers, petitioner, v. The United States of
America. The petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of
Appeals for the Sixth Circuit is granted limited to the first two ques-
tions presented by the petition for the writ and the case is transferred
to the summary docket.
No. 1095. Philip B. Fleming, Administrator, Office of Temporary
Controls, et al., petitioners, v. The Moberly Milk Products Company.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the District of Columbia dismissed on motion of counsel for the
petitioner.
No. 575. Jack Gorum and National Mutual Casualty Company,
petitioners, v. Ruby O. Loudenslager and Charlotte Loudenslager.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Missouri denied.
No. 1004. Bernard V. Provenzano, Individually and Doing Busi-
ness as "O. K. Plumbing Company," petitioner, v. Philip B. Fleming,
Temporary Controls Administrator. Petition for writ of certiorari
to the Circuit Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit denied.
No. 1036. Charles L. Smith, petitioner, v. Philip B. Fleming, Tem-
porary Controls Administrator. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
Circuit Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit denied.
No. 1038. Potomac Electric Power Company, petitioner, v. Public
Utilities Commission of the District of Columbia et al.; and
No. 1135. The United States of America, petitioner, v. Public
Utilities Commission of the District of Columbia et al. Petitions for
writs of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the Dis-
trict of Columbia denied.
No. 1138. Jack Hensley, petitioner, v. The United States of Amer-
ica. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of
Appeals for the District of Columbia denied.

MONDAY, MAY 5, 1947
244
No. 1150. John O. Schuster, d. b. a. General Machine Works, and
as The A. & A. Tool and Supply Company, petitioner, v. S. H. Stur-
geon, as Acting Collector of Internal Revenue in and for the State of
Oklahoma, et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court
of Appeals for the Tenth Circuit denied.
No. 1156. Virginia Young Stott, Mae Young Lubben and Eliza-
beth Jansing, petitioners, v. Tidewater Associated Oil Co., and Sea-
board Oil Co., of Delaware. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
Circuit Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 1159. C. C. Clark, Inc., petitioner, v. The United States of
America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of
Appeals for the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 1160. Zerefa Maloof, petitioner, v. The United States of Amer-
ica. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of Appeals for
the Ninth Circuit denied.
No. 1167. Eric Adolfson, petitioner, v. The United States of Amer-
ica. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of Appeals for .
the Ninth Circuit denied.
No. 1168. Hudson McGuire et al., petitioners, v. Equitable Office
Building Corporation, etc., et al.;
No. 1169. Hudson McGuire et al., petitioners, v. Equitable Office
Building Corporation, etc., et al.;
No. 1170. Hudson McGuire et al., petitioners, v. Equitable Office
Building Corporation, etc., et al.;
No. 1172. Harry R. Amott et al., petitioners, v. Charles A. Dana
et al.;
No. 1173. Harry R. Amott et al., petitioners, v. Charles A. Dana
et al.; and
No. 1174. Harry R. Amott et al., petitioners, v. Charles A. Dana
et al. Petitions for writs of certiorari to the Circuit Court of Appeals
for the Second Circuit denied.
No. 609. Charles A. Dana, Sir James Dunn, John W. Hubbard,
et al., etc., petitioners, v. J. Donald Duncan, as Trustee, et al.;
No. 610. Equitable Office Building 1913 Co., Inc., petitioner, v.
J. Donald Duncan, as Trustee, et al.; and
No. 612. Adelaide H. Knight and William P. Doyle, Common
Stockholders of the Equitable Office Building Corporation, Debtor,
petitioners, v. J. Donald Duncan, as Trustee, et al. Petitions for writs
of certiorari to the Circuit Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit
denied.
No. 1175. The People of the State of New York et al., petitioners,
v. Raymond L. Gebhardt et al., as Trustees of the New York, Ontario

MONDAY, MAY 5, 1947
245
and Western Railway Company. Petition for writ of certiorari to
the Circuit Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit denied.
No. 1178. Philadelphia Company, petitioner, v. Jules Guggen-
heim et al.; and
No. 1179. Philadelphia Company, petitioner, v. Jules Guggenheim
et al. Petition for writs of certiorari to the Circuit Court of Appeals
for the Third Circuit denied.
No. 1190. Berryman Henwood, Trustee, St. Louis Southwestern
Railway Company, petitioner, v. Amos Wallace. Petition for writ
of certiorari to the Circuit Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit
denied.
No. 1191. The Garlock Packing Company, petitioner, v. L. Met-
calfe Walling, Administrator of the Wage and Hour Division, United
States Department of Labor. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
Circuit Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit denied.
No. 1195. The Columbian National Life Insurance Company, peti-
tioner, v. Abraham Goldberg. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
Circuit Court of Appeals for the Sixth Circuit denied.
No. 1199. Shapiro, Bernstein & Co., Inc., petitioner, v. Jerry Vogel
Music Co., Inc. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court
of Appeals for the Second Circuit denied.
No. 1207. Black Diamond Lines, Inc., and Tampa Inter-Ocean
Steamship Company, petitioners, v. Pioneer Import Corporation. Pe-
tition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of Appeals for the
Second Circuit denied.
No. 1051. Health-Mor, Inc., petitioner, v. Paul A. Porter, Admin-
istrator, Office of Price Administration. The motion to substitute
Philip B. Fleming, Temporary Controls Administrator, as the party
respondent herein is granted. The petition for writ of certiorari to
the Circuit Court of Appeals for the Seventh Circuit is denied.
No. 1060. H. William Klare, Receiver of Detroit Bankers Com-
pany, petitioner, v. The United States. Petition for writ of certiorari
to the United States Court of Claims denied. The Chief Justice
took no part in the consideration or decision of this application.
No. 1140. Ernest Stewart, petitioner, v. The State of Ohio. The
petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Ohio is denied
for the reason that application therefor was not made within the time
provided by law. Sec. 8 (a), Act of February 13, 1925 (43 Stat.
936, 940), 28 U. S. C., Sec. 350.
No. 615. Thomas Fife, petitioner, v. People of the State of Illinois.
On petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Illinois;

MONDAY, MAY 5, 1947
246
No. 966. Commodore E. Bennett, M. D., petitioner, v. The United
States of America. On petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit
Court of Appeals for the Eighth Circuit;
No. 1034. Freddie Lee Thomas, petitioner, v. The United States
of America. On petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia;
No. 1079. Thomas Higgins, petitioner, v. The United States of
America. On petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia;
No. 1183. Archibald Munks, petitioner, v. People of the State of
New York. On petition for writ of certiorari to the County Court
of Kings County, State of New York;
No. 1213. Frank Canizio, petitioner, v. The People of the State
of New York. On petition for writ of certiorari to the County Court
of Ulster County, State of New York;
No. 1261. Robert Swayze, petitioner, v. Walter Nierstheimer,
Warden, etc. On petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court
of Illinois;
No. 1266. Joseph Di Chiara, petitioner, v. The People of the State
of Illinois. On petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court
of Illinois;
No. 1269. Calvin Barnett, petitioner, v. The People of the State
of Illinois. On petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court
of Will County, State of Illinois;
No. 1283. Lew Palmer, petitioner, v. Joseph E. Ragen, Warden,
etc. On petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of Appeals
for the Seventh Circuit; and
No. 1284. John F. McNaughton, petitioner, v. Joseph E. Ragen,
Warden, etc. On petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court
of Illinois. The motions for leave to proceed in forma pauperis are
granted. The petitions for writs of certiorari are denied.
No. 453. The Penfield Company of California and A. W. Young,
petitioners, v. Securities and Exchange Commission; and
No. 999. Albert Durrett, petitioner, v. The United States of Amer-
ica. The petitions for rehearing are denied.
No. 218. Frederic F. Wolter, petitioner, v. Safeway Stores, Inc.
The motion for leave to file a second petition for rehearing is denied.
No. 990. Morton Friedman, petitioner, v. Lewis B. Schwellenbach,
Individually and as Secretary as Labor, et al. The petition for re-
hearing is denied. Mr. Justice Black and Mr. Justice Douglas, having
originally voted to grant the petition for certiorari, believe that the
petition for rehearing should be granted.

MONDAY, MAY 5, 1947
247
It is ordered that the call of the docket, except for special assign-
ments, be suspended for the term upon the conclusion of the argument
in case No. 540, and that the Court will then take a recess until Mon-
day, May 12.
No. 954. The United States of America, appellant, v. James C.
Petrillo. Argument commenced by Mr. Assistant to the Attorney
General McGregor and continued Mr. Robert L. Stern for the ap-
pellant and by Mr. Henry Kaiser and Mr. Joseph A. Padway for
the appellees.
Adjourned until tomorrow at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Tuesday, May 6, will be as follows: Nos. 954, 970,
847, 945 (946 and 947), 1035, 862, and 540.
☑

TUESDAY, MAY 6, 1947
248
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: Mr. Chief Justice Vinson, Mr. Justice Black, Mr. Justice
Reed, Mr. Justice Frankfurter, Mr. Justice Murphy, Mr. Justice Rut-
ledge, and Mr. Justice Burton.
Karl E. Holderle, Jr., of St. Louis, Mo.; Louis J. Colombo, Jr., of
Detroit, Mich.; J. G. Sourwine, of Reno, Nev.; Paul M. Herzog, of
New York, N. Y.; Harold A. James, of Toledo, Ohio; Betty Barrett
Gillette, of Los Angeles, Calif.; Lillian L. Malley, of Hartford, Conn.;
Fred H. Cutts, of Cordele, Ga.; Harold S. Lynton, of New York, N. Y.;
Vincent J. Claffey, of Staten Island, N. Y.; Anna F. Nacrelli, of Wash-
ington, D. C.; Joseph A. Nacrelli, of Washington, D. C.; George J.
Beldock, of New York, N. Y.; John A. Hadden, of Cleveland, Ohio;
Ray Bertholf Houston, of Washington, D. C.; Muriel J. Levor, of
New York, N. Y.; Marcellina Hummer, of Iowa City, Iowa; Louis A.
Sabatino, of Miami, Fla.; Walker Smith, of Chicago, Ill.; Hyman A.
Schulson, of Washington, D. C.; Ella Cooper Thomas, of Washington,
D. C.; Laurens H. Rhinelander, of Washington, D. C.; and Laurence
C. Ehrhardt, of New York, N. Y., were admitted to practice.
No. 954. The United States of America, appellant, v. James C.
Petrillo. Argument concluded by Mr. Robert L. Stern for the
appellant.
No. 970. Brotherhood of Railroad Trainmen, An Unincorporated
Association, appellant, v. The Baltimore and Ohio Railroad Company
et al. Argued by Mr. Burke Williamson for the appellant and by
Mr. Ernest S. Ballard for the appellees.
No. 847. The United States, petitioner, v. The Munsey Trust
Company of Washington, D. C., Receiver. Argued by Mr. Philip
Elman for the petitioner and by Mr. Alexander M. Heron and Mr.
W. B. Dew for the respondent.
Adjourned until tomorrow at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Wednesday, May 7, will be as follows: Nos. 1035,
862, 945 (946 and 947), and 540.
☑
705009-47-90

WEDNESDAY, MAY 7, 1947
249
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: Mr. Chief Justice Vinson, Mr. Justice Black, Mr. Justice
Reed, Mr. Justice Murphy, Mr. Justice Jackson, Mr. Justice Rutledge,
and Mr. Justice Burton.
Ralph B. Potts, of Seattle, Wash.: Harry N. Dell, of Royal Oak,
Mich.; Geo. J. Lewis, of Lexington, Ky.; Joseph C. Lewis, of Lexing-
ton, Ky.; W. Bernard Rodgers, of Canton, Ohio; John Rossetti, of
Canton, Ohio: Paul M. Perkins, of Canton, Ohio; D. Deane McLaugh-
lin, of Massillon, Ohio; George Bailey Walsh, of Memphis, Tenn.;
Joseph Romaine Cannon, of Houston, Tex.; Nathan J. Paulson, of
Alexandria, Va.; John E. Downs, of Saint Joseph, Mo.; Jonathan E.
Taylor, of Jefferson City, Mo.: Martin Werner, of New York, N. Y.;
William S. Abell, of Washington. D. C.; John P. Bracken, of Phila-
delphia, Pa.; Willard L. Ellis. of San Francisco, Calif.; Harold J. E.
Gesell, of Des Moines, Iowa; Herbert Lipsitz, of Boston, Mass.; Ed-
ward C. Grelle, of Chicago, Ill.: James J. Fitzgerald, Jr., of Omaha,
Nebr. Ernest Hubbell, of Trenton, Mo.: Clarence I. Lord, of Trenton,
N. J.; Henry Goldman, of Washington, D. C.; M. Mortimer Lancet,
of New York, N. Y.; Morris S. Schwartz, of Washington. D. C.; John
A. Errico, of Bloomfield, N. J.; Ernest R. D'Amours, of Manchester,
N. H.; and Chester M. Wiggins, of Conway, N. H., were admitted to
practice.
No. 1013. Donald E. Hasson, petitioner, v. The United States of
America. Time within which to file petition for rehearing extended
to May 26 on motion of counsel for the petitioner.
No. 1268. J. D. Shelley, Ethel Lee Shelley, His Wife, and Jo-
sephine Fitzgerald, petitioners. v. Louis Kraemer and Fern Kraemer,
His Wife. Time within which to file brief in opposition to petition
for certiorari extended to May 21 on motion of counsel for the
respondents.
No. 1035. The United States of America, appellant, v. Yellow Cab
Company, Chicago Yellow Cab Company, Inc., et al. Argued by
Mr. Charles H. Weston for the appellant and by Mr. Samuel H. Kauf-
man for the appellees.
705009-47-91

WEDNESDAY, MAY 7, 1947
250
No. 862. The United States, petitioner, v. John J. Felin & Co., Inc.
Argued by Mr. Acting Solicitor General Washington for the petitioner
and by Mr. Arthur L. Winn, Jr. for the respondent.
Adjourned until tomorrow at 12 o'clock.
The day call for Thursday, May 8, will be as follows: Nos. 945
(946 and 947), and 540.
☑

THURSDAY, MAY 8, 1947
251
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: Mr. Chief Justice Vinson, Mr. Justice Black, Mr. Justice
Reed, Mr. Justice Frankfurter, Mr. Justice Murphy, Mr. Justice
Jackson, Mr. Justice Rutledge, and Mr. Justice Burton.
George E. Glover, of Long Beach, Calif.; Henry F. Lerch, of Wash-
ington, D. C.; Arline Craig Rogers, of Washington, D. C.; John
Coolick, of Washington, D. C.; and Llewellyn J. Moses, of Los An-
geles, Calif., were admitted to practice.
The Chief Justice announced that the Court would take a recess.
The Court reconvened.
The Chief Justice announced the following order:
No. 1346. Willie Francis, petitioner, v. E. L. Resweber, Sheriff of
the Parish of St. Martin, Louisiana. On petition for writ of certio-
rari to the Supreme Court of Louisiana; and
No. 140, Misc. Willie Francis, petitioner, v. E. L. Resweber,
Sheriff of the Parish of St. Martin, Louisiana, et al. On motion for
leave to file petition for habeas corpus. The petition of Willie
Francis v. E. L. Resweber, Sheriff of the Parish of St. Martin,
Louisiana, for leave to file an original petition for habeas corpus is
denied for reasons set forth in Ex Parte Hawk, 321 U. S. 114. In
view of the grave nature of the new allegation set forth in this peti-
tion, the denial is expressly without prejudice to application to proper
tribunals. Mr. Justice Murphy is of opinion that the petition should
be granted. The motion for leave to proceed in forma pauperis is
granted. The petition for writ of certiorari and the application for
stay are denied. Mr. Justice Rutledge is of the opinion that the appli-
cation in No. 140 Misc. should be treated as a petition for rehearing
in No. 142 of October Term, 1946; so regarded, the petition should be
granted; the judgment in No. 142 should be vacated; and that cause
remanded to the Supreme Court of Louisiana for further proceedings
to determine the issues of fact presented by the petition. Mr. Justice
Douglas took no part in the consideration or decision of these
applications.
705009 47- -92

THURSDAY, MAY 8, 1947
252
No. 945. John P. McWilliams, petitioner, v. Commissioner of
Internal Revenue;
No. 946. Estate of Susan P. McWilliams, Deceased, John P. Mc-
Williams, Executor, petitioners, v. Commissioner of Internal Rev-
enue; and
No. 947. Brooks B. McWilliams, petitioner, v. Commissioner of
Internal Revenue. Argued by Mr. John A. Hadden for the peti-
tioners and by Mr. Arnold Raum for the respondent.
No. 540. Nelson Foster and George Payne, petitioners, v. The
People of the State of Illinois. Argued by Mr. Charles Kaufman
for the petitioners and by Mr. William C. Wines for the respondent.
Adjourned until Monday, May 12, next, at 12 o'clock.
Х

MONDAY, MAY 12, 1947
253
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: Mr. Chief Justice Vinson, Mr. Justice Black, Mr. Justice
Reed, Mr. Justice Frankfurter, Mr. Justice Murphy, Mr. Justice
Jackson, Mr. Justice Rutledge, and Mr. Justice Burton.
C. Lester Trotter, of Washington, D. C.; W. Wade Bromwell, of
Arlington, Va.; Edmond A. Chevalier, of Fresno, Calif.; W. B.
Matney, of Fort Smith, Ark.; Stanley J. Tracy, of Washington, D. C.;
Howard H. Desky, of Oakland, Calif.; Maxwell M. Willens, of Stock-
ton, Calif.; Francis Elwood Barkman, of New York, N. Y.; Harold
M. Oster, of Dallas, Tex.; Joseph Orville Parker, of Pratt, Kans.;
Robert A. Milne, of Coulee Dam, Wash.; Robert D. Morgan, of Peoria,
Ill.; Joseph Karesh, of San Francisco, Calif.; Walter E. Tinsley, of
Chicago, Ill.; Milan Edward Ryan, of Santa Monica, Calif.; Samuel
Lewis Fendel, of San Francisco, Calif.; Julius J. Novack, of San
Bernardino, Calif.; Irwin D. Davidson, of New York, N. Y.; Graham
T. Perry, of Chicago, Ill.; Frank S. Ketcham, of New York, N. Y.;
Nellie M. Moore, of Washington, D. C.; Howard F. McCue, of Topeka,
Kans.; Frederick F. Rehberger, of New York, N. Y.; Henry R.
Kempka, of Washington, D. C.; Hy Samuels, of Portland, Oreg.;
Sylvan D. Freeman, of New York, N. Y.; David Samuel Korn, of
New Haven, Conn.; Walter A. Rochow, of Youngstown, Ohio; Meade
C. Patrick, of Washington, D. C.; Thomas J. Beddow, of Washington,
D. C.; Madaline Kinted Remmlein, of Washington, D. C.; Ward E.
Lattin, of Washington, D. C.; William Leigh Ellis, of Petoskey, Mich.;
Ida B. Als, of Washington, D. C.; Howard Boyd, of Washington,
D. C., and Dan'l E. Klein, of Baltimore, Md., were admitted to
practice.
No. 343. State of New York, State of Delaware, State of Indiana,
et al., appellants, v. The United States of America, Interstate Com-
merce Commission, State of Alabama, et al.;
No. 344. Horace A. Hildreth, Governor of the State of Maine,
Charles M. Dale, Governor of the State of New Hampshire, et al.,
appellants, v. The United States of America, Interstate Commerce
Commission, et al.; and
No. 345. The Atchison, Topeka and Santa Fe Railway Company,
Beaver, Meade and Englewood Railroad Company, et al., appellants,
705009-47-
_93

MONDAY, MAY 12, 1947
254
v. The United States of America, Interstate Commerce Commission,
State of Alabama, et al. Appeals from the District Court of the
United States for the Northern District of New York. Decree affirmed.
Opinion by Mr. Justice Douglas announced by Mr. Justice Burton.
Dissenting opinion by Mr. Justice Frankfurter. Dissenting opinion
by Mr. Justice Jackson in which Mr. Justice Frankfurter joins.
No. 429. United States of America, petitioner, v. Leslie Fullard-
Leo, Ellen Fullard-Leo, et al. On writ of certiorari to the United
States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit. Judgment
affirmed and case remanded to the District Court of the United States
for the Territory of Hawaii. Opinion by Mr. Justice Reed. Dis-
senting opinion by Mr. Justice Rutledge in which the Chief Justice,
Mr. Justice Black, and Mr. Justice Murphy concur.
The Chief Justice announced the following orders of the Court:
No. 940. Hill Packing Company, appellant, v. The City of New
York, William O'Dwyer, Mayor of the City of New York, et al.
Appeal from the Court of Appeals of the State of New York. Per
curiam: The judgment is affirmed. Rice v. Board of Trade of the
City of Chicago, Nos. 471 and 473, October Term 1946, decided May
5, 1947. Mr. Justice Reed and Mr. Justice Rutledge agree only that
probable jurisdiction should be noted.
No. 1294. Sonnie Dobbs, Jr., appellant, v. State of Mississippi.
Appeal from the Supreme Court of Mississippi. Per curiam: The
motion for leave to proceed in forma pauperis is granted. The
appeal is dismissed. Treating the papers whereon the appeal was
allowed as a petition for writ of certiorari as required by sec. 237 (c)
of the Judicial Code as amended, 28 U. S. C., sec. 344 (c), certiorari
is denied. Ex parte Hawk, 321 U. S. 114; Mooney v. Holohan, 294
U. S. 103. Mr. Justice Murphy is of the opinion that certiorari
should be granted.
The Chief Justice said:
"The other orders of the Court appear upon the list certified by the
Chief Justice and filed with the Clerk and will not be announced
orally."
No. 11, Original. The State of Georgia, complainant, v. The Penn-
sylvania Railroad Company et al. Upon consideration of the motion
of the State of Alabama for leave to file petition of intervention, the
opposition thereto, and the Special Report of the Special Master
thereon, the motion is denied.

MONDAY, MAY 12, 1947
255
No. 137, Misc. Ex parte Dorsey McMahan, petitioner. The mo-
tion for leave to file a petition for writ of mandamus is denied.
No. 138, Misc. Davis MacBlain. petitioner, v. C. J. Burke, Warden.
The motion for leave to file a petition for writ of habeas corpus is
denied.
No. 139, Misc. Ex parte Edward Reasor, petitioner. The motion
for leave to file a petition for writ of certiorari is denied.
No. 1249. The United States of America, appellant, v. L. C. Grif-
fith, H. J. Griffith, Consolidated Theatres, Inc., et al. In this case
probable jurisdiction is noted and the case is assigned for argument
immediately following No. 572.
No. 836. Alaska Juneau Gold Mining Company, petitioner, v. E. E.
Robertson, as Representative of and on Behalf of J. A. Behrends, et al.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of Appeals for the
Ninth Circuit denied.
No. 943. Foster Brown, petitioner, v. The State of Texas. Petition
for writ of certiorari to the Court of Criminal Appeals, State of Tex-
as, denied.
No. 1063. O. H. Fischer and Martha Fischer, petitioners, v. The
City of Oklahoma City, a Municipal Corporation. Petition for writ
of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Oklahoma denied.
No. 1134. Central States Electric Company, petitioner, v. Federal
Power Commission. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit
Court of Appeals for the Tenth Circuit denied.
No. 1180. Brooks Clothing of California, Ltd., petitioner, v.
Brooks Brothers, a Corporation. Petition for writ of certiorari to
the Circuit Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit denied.
No. 1194. Alice Martens Young, etc., petitioner, v. Clinton P.
Anderson, Secretary of Agriculture of the United States, et al. Peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for
the District of Columbia denied.
No. 1197. Rinehard H. Peters, petitioner, v. The United States of
America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of Ap-
peals for the Eighth Circuit denied.
No. 1206. Francis S. Clamitz, petitioner, v. Thatcher Manufac-
turing Company et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit
Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit denied.
No. 961. James Chester Birtch and William Arthur Denham, pe-
titioners, v. Walter A. Hunter, Warden, etc. On petition for writ of
certiorari to the Circuit Court of Appeals for the Tenth Circuit;

MONDAY, MAY 12, 1947
256
No. 1187. Fred Jackson, petitioner, v. State of Tennessee. On
petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Tennessee;
No. 1242. Stephen Stokey, petitioner, v. The People of the State
of New York. On petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of
General Sessions, New York County, State of New York;
No. 1250. Mae Owens Case, petitioner, v. The Government, Justice
Department, Civil Service Commission, et al. On petition for writ of
certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the District of
Columbia;
No. 1288. Fred Stahl, petitioner, v. Joseph E. Ragen, Warden,
etc. On petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of
Illinois;
No. 1289. Fred Stahl, petitioner, v. Joseph E. Ragen, Warden,
etc. On petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of Carroll
County, State of Illinois;
No. 1290. Fred Stahl, petitioner, v. Joseph E. Ragen, Warden,
etc. On petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of Will
County, State of Illinois;
No. 1291. Earl Osborn, petitioner, v. Joseph E. Ragen, Warden,
etc. On petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of LaSalle
County, State of Illinois; and
No. 1292. Frank Hayes Ross, petitioner, v. Joseph E. Ragen,
Warden, etc. On petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court
of Illinois. The motions for leave to proceed in forma pauperis are
granted. The petitions for writs of certiorari are denied.
No. 1301. Julius Weisberg, petitioner, v. The People of the State
of Illinois. The motion for leave to proceed in forma pauperis is
granted. The petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of
Illinois is denied. Mr. Justice Murphy is of the opinion that the
petition for certiorari should be granted.
No. 1241. William Fisher, petitioner, v. The People of the State
of New York. The motion for leave to proceed in forma pauperis is
granted. The petition for writ of certiorari to the County Court of
Kings County, State of New York, is dismissed on motion of the
petitioner.
No. 106, Misc. Ex parte Stanley B. Peplowski, petitioner;
No. 1085. Samuel Salvadore Perniciaro, petitioner, v. The United
States of America; and
No. 1100. The United States of America, appellant, v. Lionel
Palletz. The petitions for rehearing are denied.

MONDAY, MAY 12, 1947
257
No. 1016. Robert L. Peyton, petitioner, v. Railway Express
Agency, Inc. The second petition for rehearing is denied.
Mr. Justice Douglas took no part in the consideration or decision of
cases appearing upon this list in which judgments or orders are
entered with the exception of case No. 11, Original.
|
ORDER
The Court will take a recess from today until Monday, May 19, next.
Adjourned until Monday, May 19, next, at 12 o'clock.

MONDAY, MAY 19, 1947
258
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: Mr. Chief Justice Vinson, Mr. Justice Reed, Mr. Justice
Frankfurter, Mr. Justice Murphy, Mr. Justice Jackson, Mr. Justice
Rutledge, and Mr. Justice Burton.
George Triedman, of Providence, R. I.; George H. Layman, of New-
berg, Oreg.; Wesley A. Wilkinson, of Cleveland, Ohio; Emma M.
Cummings, of Boston, Mass.; Allison Compton Russell, of Cleveland,
Ohio; George A. Sutton, of Pontiac, Mich.; John J. Snyder, of Harris-
burg, Pa.; Albert D. Misler, of Washington, D. C.; Edwin D. Dupree,
Jr., of Pine Bluff, Ark.; Carleton Harris, of Pine Bluff, Ark.; John
A. McLeod, Jr., of Pine Bluff, Ark.; Robert Rice Pierce, of Cleveland,
Ohio; Lawrence C. Moore, of New York, N. Y.; Amos Bissell Glann,
of Apalachin, N. Y.; Harold Anthony O'Connell, of Springfield, Va.;
Bernard Koteen, of Paterson, N. J.; Edmund B. Naylon, of New York,
N. Y.; Royal F. Shepard, of New York, N. Y.; W. Theophilus Jones, of
Washington, D. C.; A. Roland Kestler, of New York, N. Y.; Janet Coats
Lowry, of Alexandria, Va.; Robert B. Lowry, of Alexandria, Va.;
Mary Poindexter Clark, of Washington, D. C.; Sydney J. Schneider,
of New York, N. Y.; Carroll A. Cahen, of Edmonds, Wash.; Nicholas
E. Allen, of Washington, D. C.; John Edward Dunphy, of Washing-
ton, D. C.; William W. Owens, of New York, N. Y.; Frederick W. R.
Pride, of New York, N. Y.; Jack Richard Kates, of Los Angeles,
Calif.; Nathan Kates, of San Fernando, Calif.; Joseph W. Grier, Jr.,
of Charlotte, N. C.; Bernard L. Eberts, of Washington, D. C.; William
B. Jones, of Chevy Chase, Md.; Robert F. Sutphin, of Washington,
D. C.; Janie Gammon Lee, of Washington, D. C.; Vinton E. Lee, of
Washington, D. C.; Thomas E. Drumm, Jr., of New York, N. Y.;
Francis M. Dent of Detroit Mich.; Raymond Winfred Cannon of
Minneapolis, Minn.; and Willard H. Pedrick, of Fairfield, Iowa, were
admitted to practice.
No. 419. National Labor Relations Board, petitioner, v. E. C.
Atkins and Company. On writ of certiorari to the United States
Circuit Court of Appeals for the Seventh Circuit. Judgment re-
versed and case remanded to the Circuit Court of Appeals for pro-
ceedings in conformity with the opinion of this Court. Opinion by
Mr. Justice Murphy. Dissenting: The Chief Justice, Mr. Justice
Frankfurter, and Mr. Justice Jackson.
705009-47—94

MONDAY, MAY 19, 1947
259
No. 418. National Labor Relations Board, petitioner, v. Jones &
Laughlin Steel Corporation. On writ of certiorari to the United
States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Sixth Circuit. Judgment
reversed and case remanded to the Circuit Court of Appeals for pro-
ceedings in conformity with the opinion of this Court. Opinion by
Mr. Justice Murphy. Dissenting: The Chief Justice, Mr. Justice
Frankfurter, Mr. Justice Jackson, and Mr. Justice Burton.
No. 718. The United States of America, appellant, v. Michael
Walsh, an Individual Trading as Kelp Laboratories. Appeal from
the District Court of the United States for the Southern District
of California. Judgment reversed and case remanded for further
proceedings in conformity with the opinion of this Court. Opinion
by Mr. Justice Murphy. Dissenting opinion by Mr. Justice Jackson.
No. 241. Conway C. Craig, Bob McCracken, and Tom Mulvany,
petitioners, v. John B. Harney, Sheriff of Nueces County, Texas. On
writ of certiorari to the Court of Criminal Appeals of the State of
Texas. Judgment reversed with costs and case remanded for proceed-
ings not inconsistent with the opinion of this Court. Opinion by Mr.
Justice Douglas announced by Mr. Justice Reed. Concurring opinion
by Mr. Justice Murphy. Dissenting opinion by Mr. Justice Frank-
furter in which the Chief Justice joins. Dissenting opinion by Mr.
Justice Jackson.
The Chief Justice announced the following orders of the Court:
No. 715. State of Oklahoma and Champlin Refining Company, pe-
titioners, v. The United States of America. On writ of certiorari
to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Tenth Circuit.
Per curiam: The judgment is affirmed. Oklahoma v. Texas, 258 U. S.
574; Brewer Oil Co. v. United States, 260 U. S. 77.
No. 1161. The Times-Mirror Company, Norman Chandler, R. F.
Marx, J. J. Cohen, and A. A. Kurze, petitioners, v. National Labor
Relations Board. On petition for writ of certiorari to the United
States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit Per curiam:
The petition for writ of certiorari is granted. The judgment is
vacated and the cause is remanded with directions to make findings
of fact. Cf. Virginian Ry. v. United States, 272 U. S. 658, 675; Rule
52 of the Rules of Civil Procedure.
The Chief Justice said:
"The other orders of the Court appear upon the list certified by the
Chief Justice and filed with the Clerk and will not be announced
orally."

MONDAY, MAY 19, 1947
260
No. In the Matter of the Disbarment of Hulon Capshaw. This
Court, by order of November 6, 1944, having directed the issue of a
rule requiring Hulon Capshaw, of New York City, New York, a
member of the bar of this Court, to show cause why he should not
be disbarred from further practice of the law in this Court; and a
rule having issued and the said Hulon Capshaw having filed a return
thereto;
And this Court, by order of February 12, 1945, having referred the
rule to show cause and the return aforesaid, together with all papers.
relating to the matter, to Mr. Christopher B. Garnett and Mr. Spencer
Gordon, of Washington, D. C., and Mr. Harry N. Baetjer, of Balti-
more, Maryland, as a committee of the bar of this Court, to make
such inquiry into the matter as should be necessary or appropriate
and thereupon to report to this Court;
And the report of said committee, the record and exhibits thereto
having been received and filed, and counsel for the said Hulon Cap-
shaw having filed a motion for oral argument and exceptions to the
report of the committee;
Therefore, upon consideration of the report, recommendations of
the committee, the record and exhibits, exceptions to the report, and
motion for oral argument, it is ordered that the motion for oral
argument upon the exceptions to the report of the committee be, and
it is hereby, denied.
It is further ordered that the said Hulon Capshaw be, and he is
hereby, disbarred from the further practice of the law in this Court
and that his name be stricken from the roll of attorneys admitted to
practice before the bar of this Court.
No. 128, Misc. In the Matter of the Disbarment of Leonard Eriks-
son. It having been reported to the Court that Leonard Eriksson,
of Fergus Falls, Minnesota, has been disbarred from the practice
of law by the Supreme Court of the State of Minnesota; and this
Court by order of March 31, 1947, having suspended the said Leonard
Eriksson from the practice of the law in this Court and directed
that a rule issue requiring him to show cause why he should not be
disbarred;
And it appearing that the rule to show cause was duly issued and
served upon the respondent, and that the time within which to file a
return to the rule has expired;
It is ordered that the said Leonard Eriksson be, and he is hereby,
disbarred from the practice of law in this Court and that his name
be stricken from the roll of attorneys admitted to practice before
the bar of this Court.
No. 141, Misc. Thomas Henry Robinson, Jr., petitioner, v. Roy M.
Shelbourne, Judge, etc. Application denied.

MONDAY, MAY 19, 1947
261
No. 1262. Panhandle Eastern Pipe Line Company, appellant, v.
The Public Service Commission of Indiana et al. In this case probable
jurisdiction is noted.
No. 1193. The United States of America, petitioner, v. Michael Di
Re. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of Appeals
for the Second Circuit granted.
No. 1214. American Power & Light Company and Florida Power
& Light Company, petitioners, v. Securities & Exchange Commission.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of Appeals for the
First Circuit denied.
No. 1215. Leonard East and Alvin G. East, Doing Business as L.
East Produce Company, petitioners, v. Paul A. Porter, Administrator,
Office of Price Administration. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
Circuit Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 1217. Virginia Dare Transportation Co., Inc., petitioner, v.
Norfolk Southern Bus Corporation; and
No. 1218. Norfolk Southern Bus Corporation, petitioner, v. Vir-
ginia Dare Transportation Co., Inc. Petitions for writs of certiorari
to the Circuit Court of Appeals for the Fourth Circuit denied.
No. 1219. R. D. Reser, petitioner, v. Philip B. Fleming, Temporary
Controls Administrator. Petition for writ of certiorari to the United
States Emergency Court of Appeals denied.
No. 1226. Texasteel Manufacturing Company et al., petitioners, v.
Seaboard Surety Company; and
No. 1227. George W. Armstrong, Sr., et al., petitioners, v. Sea-
board Surety Company. Petitions for writs of certiorari to the Cir-
cuit Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 1236. Jones & Laughlin Steel Corporation, petitioner, v.
United Mine Workers of America, and John L. Lewis, as a Repre-
sentative Member Thereof, National Labor Relations Board, et al.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the District of Columbia denied.
No. 1239. S. L. Hurt et al., petitioners, v. Cotton States Fertilizer
Company et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court
of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 1246. Wall Wire Products Company, petitioner, v. L. Metcalfe
Walling, Administrator of the Wage and Hour Division, United
States Department of Labor. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
Circuit Court of Appeals for the Sixth Circuit denied.
No. 1248. R. L. Bradford, petitioner, v. The United States of
America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of
Appeals for the Second Circuit denied.

MONDAY, MAY 19, 1947
262
No. 1253. Marguerite S. Glover, petitioner, v. McM. Coffing,
Trustee in Bankruptcy, V-I-D, Inc., Debtor, et al. Petition for
writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of Appeals for the Seventh
Circuit denied.
No. 1254. Ruby Mayfield, Administratrix of the Estate of Reuben
Thomas, Deceased, petitioner v. Kansas City Life Insurance Com-
pany. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of Appeals
for the Seventh Circuit denied.
No. 1318. W. Comer Davis, Reese Perry, and John C. Townley, as
Tax Assessors of Fulton County, Georgia, et al., petitioners, v. The
Penn Mutual Life Insurance Company. Petition for writ of cer-
tiorari to the Supreme Court of Georgia denied.
No. 1097. Alfred L. Hawkins and Laurence I. Prout, petitioners,
v. The United States of America. On petition for writ of certiorari
to the United States Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia;
No. 1186. Clyde Meeks, petitioner, v. Ben B. Stewart, Warden,
Missouri State Penitentiary. On petition for writ of certiorari to
the Supreme Court of Missouri;
No. 1189. Adolph Starr, petitioner, v. State Board of Law Exam-
iners for the State of Indiana and the Supreme Court of Indiana. On
petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of Appeals for the
Seventh Circuit;
No. 1259. Oliver Snell, petitioner, v. The State of Florida. On pe-
tition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Florida;
No. 1312. John J. Kern, petitioner, v. Joseph E. Ragen, Warden,
etc. On petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of Appeals
for the Seventh Circuit;
No. 1316. James C. Jones, petitioner, v. Joseph E. Ragen, Warden,
etc. On petition for writ of certiorari to the Criminal Court of Cook
County and Circuit Court of Will County, State of Illinois;
No. 1330. Gerald P. Fleeger, petitioner, v. Joseph E. Ragen,
Warden, etc. On petition for writ of certiorari to the Criminal Court.
of Cook County, State of Illinois;
No. 1331. Sigurd Soross, petitioner, v. Joseph E. Ragen, Warden,
On petition for writ of certiorari to the Criminal Court of Cook
County, State of Illinois;
etc.
No. 1332. Dewright Baxter, petitioner, v. Joseph E. Ragen,
Warden, etc. On petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court
of Will County, State of Illinois; and
No. 1333. John Brill, petitioner, v. Joseph E. Ragen, Warden,
etc. On petition for writ of certiorari to the Criminal Court of Cook
County, State of Illinois. The motions for leave to proceed in forma
pauperis are granted. The petitions for writs of certiorari are denied.

MONDAY, MAY 19, 1947
263
No. 126, Misc. Ex parte Edward J. Sterba, Jr., petitioner;
No. 878. Willis Rogers, petitioner, v. P. J. Squier, Warden, etc.;
No. 912. John Boyce Davis, petitioner, v. James A. Johnston,
Warden, etc.;
No. 1250: Mae Owens Case, petitioner, v. The Government, Justice
Department, Civil Service Commission, et al.; and
No. 1301. Julius Weisberg, petitioner, v. The People of the State
of Illinois. The petitions for rehearing are denied.
No. 953. The Sanitary District of Chicago, petitioner, v. Activated
Sludge, Inc., Activated Sludge, Ltd., Edgar C. Guthard, et al., etc.
The motion for leave to file a second petition for rehearing is granted.
The second petition for rehearing is denied.
Mr. Justice Douglas took no part in the consideration or decision of
cases appearing upon this list in which judgments or orders are en-
tered with the exception of case No. 715.
ORDER
The Court will take a recess from today until Monday, June 2, from
that day until Monday, June 9, and from that day until Monday, June
16, upon which day it will adjourn for the term unless otherwise
ordered.
No motions, except motions for admission to practice, will be re-
ceived after the session next before the date fixed for adjournment
of the term.
Adjourned until Monday, June 2, next, at 12 o'clock.
Х

MONDAY, JUNE 2, 1947
264
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: Mr. Chief Justice Vinson, Mr. Justice Black, Mr. Justice
Reed, Mr. Justice Frankfurter, Mr. Justice Murphy, Mr. Justice
Jackson, Mr. Justice Rutledge, and Mr. Justice Burton.
Arthur Lory Rakestraw, of Oklahoma City, Okla.; Bryan L. Rake-
straw, of Oklahoma City, Okla.; Carroll C. Hollensworth, of Warren,
Ark.; Wm. Max Howell, of Little Rock, Ark.; Walter F. Hill, of
Prague, Okla.; William L. Ward, of Marianna, Ark.; Joe W. McCoy,
of Malvern, Ark.; Edwin Cash, of Malvern, Ark.; John H. Rice, of
Philadelphia, Pa.; Howard S. Spering, of Philadelphia, Pa.; Thomas
S. Wilson, of Portland, Oreg.; A. Langley Coffey, of Tulsa, Okla.;
L. D. Ratliff, of Spur, Tex.; Mart J. O'Malley, of Indianapolis, Ind.;
C. Ballard Harrison, of Hammond, Ind.; Zelma D. Derry, of Ogallala,
Nebr.; James H. Gillard, of Piedmont, Calif.; Gilbert J. Stern, of
Baltimore, Md.; Wolfred W. Peck, of Alexandria, Va.; Jon Cor-
nelius Wiig. of Honolulu, T. H.; Raphael H. Weissman, of New York,
N. Y.; William J. Wilson, of New York, N. Y.; Leander R. Sadtler,
of Baltimore, Md.; Richard P. Heppner, of New York, N. Y.; Duncan
C. Lee, of Washington, D. C.; Wilbur Lane, of Flora, Ind.; Damon
M. Gunn, of Waterloo, Iowa; Robert Lynn Lancefield, of Berkeley,
Calif.; Donald Lee Garver, of Dodge City, Kans.; Philip Price, of
Philadelphia, Pa.; Julian M. Meer, of San Antonio, Tex.; William
H. Quasha, of Manila, P. I.; Lloyd T. Chockley, of Detroit, Mich.;
McIntyre Faries, of Los Angeles, Calif.; Edwin L. Fisher, of
Bethesda, Md. John A. Clark. of Washington, D. C.; Robert H.
Hunter, of Washington, D. C.; Gilbert G. Ackroyd, of Alexandria,
Va.; Carlos E. McAfee, of Washington, D. C.; Chester D. Silvers,
of Lexington, Ky.; A. Newton Huff, of Havertown, Pa.; William R.
Orlandi, of Nanticoke, Pa.; Clyde Crabill Warren, of Greenville, Ohio;
Austin Hoyt, of Alexandria, Va.; Albert H. Allen, of Beverly Hills,
Calif.; Beverly Mosby Coleman, of Washington, D. C.; Robert W.
Ball, of Wilmington, Del.; Ruby H. Moss, of Washington, D. C.;
Ida May Thayer, of Washington, D. C.; Blanche Borton Ryder, of
Vicksburg, Mich.; Solly Robins, of St. Paul, Minn.; William Francis
McKenna, of East Greenwich, R. I.; Herndon Philpott Jeffreys, Jr.,
of Richmond, Va.; Arthur A. Dickerman, of Greenbelt, Md.; A. King
Braelow, of Newark, N. J.; Joseph C. Waddy, of Washington, D. C.;
Lemuel Skidmore, of New York, N. Y.; John R. Montgomery, of Chi-
705009-47-95

MONDAY, JUNE 2, 1947
265
cago, Ill.; Charles B. Bayly, Jr., of Cleveland, Ohio; Leonard Bronner,
Jr., of New York, N. Y.; Loyd Earl Wright, of Los Angeles, Calif.;
John E. Blackstone, of Waukesha, Wis.; David B. Alford, of Middle-
burg, N. Y.; H. V. Forsyth, of Ashland, Ky.; Ben Grodsky, of Chicago,
Ill.; Emanuel S. Lowinger, of Newark, N. J.; Marcus L. Meyer, of
Washington, D. C.; Carson M. Glass, of Corpus Christi, Tex.; Glenn
F. Morgan, of Washington, D. C.; and Harold P. Kehoe, of
Washington, D. C., were admitted to practice.
No. 367. John Meyers, petitioner, v. Reading Company. On writ
of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the
Third Circuit. Judgment reversed with costs and case remanded to
the District Court of the United States for the Eastern District of
Pennsylvania for proceedings in conformity with the opinion of this
Court. Opinion by Mr. Justice Burton.
No. 498. The United States of America, petitioner, v. Honorable
William F. Smith, a District Judge Especially Designated and As-
signed to Hold the District Court of the United States for the Middle
District of Pennsylvania, et al. On writ of certiorari to the United
States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Third Circuit. Judgment
reversed and case remanded to the Circuit Court of Appeals with
direction that writs issue to effect vacation of the order of the District
Court for a new trial. Opinion by Mr. Justice Jackson.
No. 593. Francis R. Cope, Jr., petitioner, v. A. M. Anderson, Re-
ceiver of the National Bank of Kentucky. On writ of certiorari to
the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Third Circuit; and
No. 656. A. M. Anderson, Receiver of the National Bank of Ken-
tucky, Louisville, Kentucky, petitioner, v. Lawrence S. Helmers,
Lewis Levi, Oscar Schwartz, Alice Sterne. On writ of certiorari
to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Sixth Circuit.
Judgment in No. 593 reversed with costs and case remanded to the
District Court of the United States for the Eastern District of Penn-
sylvania for proceedings in conformity with the opinion of this Court.
Judgment in No. 656 affirmed with costs and case remanded to the
District Court of the United States for the Southern District of Ohio.
Opinion by Mr. Justice Black. The Chief Justice took no part in
the consideration or decision of these cases.
No. 10, original. The United States of America, complainant, v.
The State of Wyoming and The Ohio Oil Company. Case recommitted
to the Special Master for further proceedings in conformity with the
opinion of this Court. Opinion by Mr. Chief Justice Vinson.

MONDAY, JUNE 2, 1947
266
The Chief Justice announced the following orders of the Court:
No. 793. The United States of America, petitioner, v. Elliott W.
Michener. On writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court
of Appeals for the Eighth Circuit. Per curiam: Reversed. Block-
burger v. United States, 284 U. S. 299; Albrecht v. United States,
273 U. S. 1; Gavieres v. United States, 220 U. S. 338. Mr. Justice
Douglas, Mr. Justice Murphy, and Mr. Justice Rutledge share the
view of the Circuit Court of Appeals, 157 F. 2d 616, that this case is
controlled by the principles announced in Morgan v. United States,
294 Fed. 82, 84; Tritico v. United States, 4 F. 2d 664, and Goetz v.
United States, 39 F. 2d 903, and accordingly would affirm the judg-
ment below.
No. 1286. I. H. Spears, appellant, v. Eva Mae Spears; and
No. 1370. I. H. Spears, appellant, v. Eva Mae Spears. Appeals
from the Supreme Court of Michigan. Per curiam: The appeals are
dismissed for want of jurisdiction. Sec. 237 (a), Judicial Code as
amended, 28 U. S. C., sec. 344 (a). Treating the papers whereon
the appeals were allowed as petitions for writs of certiorari as re-
quired by sec. 237 (c) of the Judicial Code as amended, 28 U. S. C.,
sec. 344 (c), certiorari is denied.
No. 1309. Corn Products Refining Company, appellant, v. The
United States of America and Interstate Commerce Commission.
Appeal from the District Court of the United States for the Northern
District of Illinois. Per curiam: The motion to affirm is granted and
the judgment is affirmed. United States v. American Sheet and Tin
Plate Co., 301 U. S. 402; United States v. Wabash R. Co., 321 U. S.
403.
No. 1334. The United States of America, appellant, v. Clarke T.
Wheelbarger;
No. 1335. The United States of America, appellant, v. Irva
Rambeau;
No. 1336. The United States of America, appellant, v. S. J. Lewin;
and
No. 1341. The United States of America, appellant, v. Max Sagner.
Appeals from the District Court of the United States for the District
of Oregon. Per curiam: The judgments are reversed. United States
v. Palletz, No. 1100, October Term 1946, decided April 7, 1947, and
authorities cited.
No. 1344. Humble Oil & Refining Company, appellant, v. The
Railroad Commission of Texas et al.; and
No. 1345. Floy K. Williams et al., appellants, v. The Railroad
Commission of Texas et al. Appeals from the Court of Civil Appeals,

MONDAY, JUNE 2, 1947
267
3d Supreme Judicial District of Texas. Per curiam: The motion to
affirm is granted and the judgments are affirmed.
The Chief Justice said:
"The other orders of the Court appear upon the list certified by the
Chief Justice and filed with the Clerk and will not be announced
orally."
No.
Frederick E. Bauer v. Tom Clark, Attorney General of
the United States. The application for the appointment of counsel
is denied.
No. 142, Misc. Dorsey Edmondson, petitioner, v. Patrick J. Brady,
Warden, Maryland Penitentiary. The motion for leave to file peti-
tion for certiorari is denied.
No. 143, Misc. Archie L. Maloyan, petitioner, v. The United States
Congress. The application is denied.
No. 144, Misc. Ex parte Leroy Switzer, petitioner. The applica-
tion is denied for the reason that it is not made within the time
provided by law.
No. 1374. People of the State of Illinois ex rel. Vashti McCollum,
appellant, v. Board of Education of School District No. 71, Cham-
paign County, Illinois, et al. In this case probable jurisdiction is
noted.
-
No. 1264. Giles Kavanagh, Collector of Internal Revenue, peti-
tioner, v. J. H. Noble. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit
Court of Appeals for the Sixth Circuit granted.
No. 1265. H. C. Jones, Collector of Internal Revenue, petitioner, v.
The Liberty Glass Company. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
Circuit Court of Appeals for the Tenth Circuit granted.
No. 1285. Marianna Von Moltke, petitioner, v. A. Blake Gillies,
Superintendent of the Detroit House of Correction. Petition for
writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of Appeals for the Sixth Cir-
cuit granted.
No. 1300. Mandeville Island Farms, Inc., and Roscoe C. Zucker-
man, petitioners, v. American Crystal Sugar Company. Petition for
writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of Appeals for the Ninth Cir-
cuit granted.
No. 1244. Jose Audon Salazar Delgadillo, petitioner, v. Albert Del
Guercio, District Director, Immigration and Naturalization Service,
United States Department of Justice, District No. 16. Petition for
writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of Appeals for the Ninth
Circuit granted and the case is transferred to the summary docket.

MONDAY, JUNE 2, 1947
268
No. 1098. William Shapiro, petitioner, v. The United States of
America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of
Appeals for the Second Circuit granted and the case is transferred to
the summary docket.
No. 1401. The United States of America, appellant, v. James Hoff-
This case is transferred to the summary docket and assigned
for argument immediately following No. 1098.
man.
No. 1317. George J. Furman, petitioner, v. Joseph E. Ragen,
Warden, Illinois State Penitentiary, Joliet, Illinois. Petition for
writ of certiorari to the Criminal Court of Cook County, State of
Illinois, dismissed on motion of the petitioner.
No. 1139. William I. Heffron, Trustee in Bankruptcy of the Estate
of Bert O. Adams, etc., et al., petitioners, v. The United States of
America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of
Appeals for the Ninth Circuit denied.
No. 1154. The United States of America, petitioner, v. Modern
Reed and Rattan Company, Inc., and Achille Giannasca. Petition
for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of Appeals for the Second
Circuit denied.
No. 1155. Bankers Farm Mortgage Company, petitioner, v. The
United States. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Claims
denied.
No. 1210. Kiyoichi Fujikawa et al., petitioners, v. The Sunrise
Soda Works Company, et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
Circuit Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit denied.
No. 1237. State of New York, petitioner, v. The United States of
America (Relative to the Condemnation by the United States of
Certain Easement Rights in 220 Acres of Land in Essex and Hamil-
ton Counties, New York). Petition for writ of certiorari to the
Circuit Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit denied.
No. 1240. Isaac T. Rackley, petitioner, v. The United States of
America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of
Appeals for the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 1247. Richard Henry Lea, Jr., petitioner, v. The United States
of America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of
Appeals for the Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 1251. Fernando Quinones Jimenez, petitioner, v. The United
States of America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit
Court of Appeals for the First Circuit denied.
No. 1252. Ex parte William F. Brack, petitioner. Petition for
writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals of Maryland denied.

MONDAY, JUNE 2, 1947
269
No. 1260. Vica Company, petitioner, v. Commissioner of Internal
Revenue. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of
Appeals for the Ninth Circuit denied.
No. 1267. Earl Tunget, petitioner, v. Commonwealth of Kentucky.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals of Kentucky
denied.
No. 1270. Anglin & Stevenson et al., petitioners, v. The United
States of America, For Itself and For Its Indian Wards, Annie
Beams, et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court
of Appeals for the Tenth Circuit denied.
No. 1273. Refrigeration Patents Corporation, petitioner, v. Stew-
art-Warner Corporation; and
No. 1274. Potter Refrigerator Corporation, petitioner, v. Stewart-
Warner Corporation. Petition for writs of certiorari to the Circuit
Court of Appeals for the Seventh Circuit denied.
No. 1275. Frank Bailey et al., petitioners, v. Edward O. Proctor
et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of Appeals
for the First Circuit denied.
No. 1276. Frank Bailey et al., petitioners, v. Hugh D. McLellan
et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of Appeals
for the First Circuit denied.
No. 1277. In the Matter of the Application to Discipline Jules
Chopak, petitioner. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit
Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit denied.
No. 1278. John B. Wootten and John B. Wootten, as Trustee Under
the Last Will and Testament of R. K. Wotten, Deceased, petitioner, v.
Carl Eklund Wootten, a Minor, By and Through His Mother and Next
Friend, Vendla E. Wootten; and
No. 1279. John B. Wootten and John B. Wootten, as Trustee Under
the Last Will and Testament of R. K. Wootten, Deceased, petitioner, v.
Vendla E. Wooten. Petition for writs of certiorari to the Circuit
Court of Appeals for the Tenth Circuit denied.
No. 1280. Vail Manufacturing Company, petitioner, v. National
Labor Relations Board. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit
Court of Appeals for the Seventh Circuit denied.
No. 1282. Francis X. Gomila, petitioner, v. The United States of
America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of
Appeals for the Sixth Circuit denied.
No. 1297. Alfred W. Masters, petitioner, v. The New York Central
Railroad Company. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme
Court of Ohio denied.

MONDAY, JUNE 2, 1947
270
No. 1298. Estate of Ada M. Wilkinson, Central Hanover Bank &
Trust Company, Executor, petitioner, v. Commissioner of Internal
Revenue. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of
Appeals for the Second Circuit denied.
No. 1299. The Standard Oil Company, petitioner, v. The United
States of America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court
of Appeals for the Sixth Circuit denied.
No. 1302. The Republic of the United States of Brazil, Trading
Under the Name and Style of Lloyd Brasileiro, As Owner of the
S. S. Pocone. for Exoneration, petitioner, v. The Great Atlantic &
Pacific Tea Company et al. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
Circuit Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit denied.
No. 1308. Ralph Crews, Charley Crews, Robert Crews, et al., peti-
tioners. v. D. J. Oven, A. D. N. Champlin, Helen Champlin Oven et al.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of Appeals for the
Tenth Circuit denied.
No. 1303. Commissioner of Internal Revenue, petitioner, v. Singer
Sewing Machine Company:
No. 1304. Commissioner of Internal Revenue, petitioner, v. Singer
Sewing Machine Company; and
No. 1305. Commissioner of Internal Revenue, petitioner, v. Singer
Sewing Machine Company. Petition for writs of certiorari to the
Circuit of Appeals for the Third Circuit denied.
No. 1376. Stokes & Smith Company, petitioner, v. Transparent-
Wrap Machine Corporation. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
Circuit Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit denied.
No. 1342. Thomas Balogh, petitioner, v. The United States of
America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of Ap-
peals for the Second Circuit denied.
No. 1211. James M. Curley, petitioner, v. The United States of
America; and
No. 1235. Donald Wakefield Smith, petitioner, v. The United
States of America. The motions to dispense with the printing of
the record are granted. The petitions for writs of certiorari to the
United States Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia are de-
nied. Mr. Justice Murphy is of the opinion that the petitions for
certiorari should be granted. Mr. Justice Frankfurter took no part
in the consideration or decision of these applications.
No. 1234. A. J. Helfend, petitioner, v. Philip B. Fleming, Tempo-
rary Controls Administrator. The motion to substitute Frank R.
Creedon, Housing Expediter, as the party respondent is granted.
The petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Emergency
Court of Appeals is denied.

MONDAY, JUNE 2, 1947
271
No. 1271. The P. Dougherty Company, petitioner, v. Commissioner
of Internal Revenue. The motion to defer consideration is denied.
The petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of Appeals
for the Fourth Circuit is also denied.
No. 1296. Ben F. Hopkins, petitioner, v. Commissioner of Internal
Revenue. The petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of
Appeals for the Sixth Circuit is denied. Mr. Justice Burton took no
part in the consideration or decision of this application.
No. 1315. Jerome A. Nevius, petitioner, v. State of Ohio. The
motion to dispense with the printing of the record is granted. The
petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Ohio is denied.
No. 748. Wallace James Cruse, petitioner, v. Joseph E. Ragen,
Warden, etc. On petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court
of Illinois;
No. 777. Emanuel Cannady, petitioner, v. Joseph E. Ragen,
Warden, etc. On petition for writ of certiorari to the Criminal
Court of Cook County, State of Illinois;
No. 956. Roy L. Story, petitioner, v. Walter A. Hunter, Warden.
On petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of Appeals
for the Tenth Circuit;
No. 1109. The United States of America ex rel. William Gerald
Bishop, petitioner, v. Frank Watkins, District Director of Immigra-
tion and Naturalization for the Southern District of New York. On
petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of Appeals for
the Second Circuit;
No. 1111. Herman A. Setser, petitioner, v. E. J. Welch, Superin-
tendent, District of Columbia Reformatory. On petition for writ of
certiorari to the Circuit Court of Appeals for the Fourth Circuit;
No. 1112. Joe Calhoun, petitioner, v. Walter Nierstheimer, Warden,
etc. On petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of St.
Clair County, State of Illinois:
No. 1177. Bessie Higgins, petitioner, v. The United States. On
petition for writ of certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals
for the District of Columbia;
No. 1238. George Michael Murphy, petitioner, v. State of Wis-
consin. On petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of
Wisconsin;
No. 1287. Theodore Blackwell, petitioner, v. The People of the
State of New York. On petition for writ of certiorari to the County
Court of Albany County, State of New York;
No. 1293. Fred Wilson, petitioner, v. Joseph E. Ragen, Warden,
etc. On petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of Appeals
for the Seventh Circuit;

MONDAY, JUNE 2, 1947
272
No. 1343. Bernard M. Shotkin, petitioner, v. Edgar E. Pomeroy
et al. On petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of Ap-
peals for the Fifth Circuit;
No. 1359. Robert Johnson, petitioner, v. Joseph E. Ragen, Warden,
etc. On petition for writ of certiorari to the Criminal Court of Cook
County, State of Illinois;
No. 1364. Joseph C. Roberts, petitioner, v. Joseph E. Ragen,
Warden, etc. On petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court
of Appeals for the Seventh Circuit;
No. 1375. William G. Hayes, petitioner, v. Joseph E. Ragen,
Warden, etc. On petition for writ of certiorari to the Criminal Court
of Cook County, State of Illinois;
No. 1379. James H. Johnson, petitioner, v. Clarence D. Clow. On
petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of New York,
Appellate Division;
No. 1381. William F. Krell, petitioner, v. Joseph E. Ragen,
Warden, etc. On petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court
of Will County, State of Illinois;
No. 1387. Walter Williams, petitioner, v. Walter Nierstheimer,
Warden, etc. On petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court
of Randolph County, State of Illinois;
No. 1388. John E. Kennedy, petitioner, v. C. J. Burke, Warden,
etc. On petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of the
Commonwealth of Pennsylvania; and
No. 1390. Charles E. Thompson, petitioner, v. State of Indiana.
On petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Indiana.
The motions for leave to proceed in forma pauperis are granted.
petitions for writs of certiorari are denied.
Adjourned until Monday, June 9, next, at 12 o'clock.
The
705009-47-96

MONDAY, JUNE 9, 1947
273
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: Mr. Chief Justice Vinson, Mr. Justice Black, Mr. Justice
Reed, Mr. Justice Frankfurter, Mr. Justice Douglas, Mr. Justice
Murphy, Mr. Justice Jackson, Mr. Justice Rutledge, and Mr. Justice
Burton.
Franz E. Swaty, of Arkadelphia, Ark.; Louis M. Hopping, of
Detroit, Mich.; James J. Silver, of Tucson, Ariz.; James E. Palmer,
Jr., of Merrifield, Va.; Louis A. Boxleitner, of Cleveland, Ohio; Vivian
I. Goad, of Washington, D. C.; Frank H. Peterman, of Alexandria,
La.; C. James McLemore, of Indianapolis, Ind.; R. D. Everitt, of
Ruleville, Miss.; Howard Murray Kuehner, of Philadelphia, Pa.;
Norman R. Bradley, of Philadelphia, Pa.; John A. Geisz, of Phila-
delphia, Pa.; Robert K. Light, of Los Angeles, Calif.; Hugh Bar-
bour Hutchison, of Washington, D. C.; Milton R. Wexler, of New
York, N. Y.; Bernard C. Brannon, of Kansas City, Mo.; Lowell Star-
buck Nicholson, of Boston, Mass.; William H. Webb, of Washington,
D. C.,; Francis A. Brick, Jr., of New York, N. Y.; Joseph F. O'Connell,
Jr., of Boston, Mass.; Irwin S. Rubin, of Boston, Mass.; Maxwell
Brandwen, of New York, N. Y.; Isadore G. Alk, of Washington,
D. C.; Walter J. Bixler, of Peru, Ind.; Harry K. Cuthbertson, of
Peru, Ind.; Simon A. Bahr, of New Brunswick, N. J.; Albert J.
Schmalholz, of New York, N. Y.; Irving Tick, of New York, N. Y.;
Benjamin Melniker, of New York, N. Y.; Jerome Alfred Polcari, of
Boston, Mass.; Nat M. Kahn, of Chicago, Ill.; John Ward Cutler, of
Washington, D. C.; Oscar Shienbrood, of Kenosha, Wis.; John H.
Moeur, of Phoenix, Ariz.; Henry J. Kiernan, of New York, N. Y.;
Lewis W. Olliffe, of Brooklyn, N. Y.; Alfred Meisner, of New York,
N. Y.; Mary E. Emery, of Washington, D. C.; David S. Allshouse, of
Washington, D. C.; Saul J. Jaffe, of Passaic, N. J.; Daniel F. Kemp,
of Riverside, Ill.; James G. Johnson, Jr., of Larchmount, N. Y.;
Gordon Burt Affleck, of Salt Lake City, Utah; John Donald Hauselt, of
Wellsville, N. Y.; Hyman Scher, of Pittsburgh, Pa.; Harold Alper,
of Newark, N. J.; Woodruff J. Deem, of Washington, D. C.; George
W. Murphy, of Washington, D. C.; Max L. Rothenberg, of New York,
N. Y.; Fred J. Moses, Jr., of Knoxville, Tenn.; Henry K. Williams,
Jr., of Knoxville, Tenn.; Alexander Georges, of Milwaukee, Wis.;
William B. Gittens, of Washington, D. C.; Frank X. Brown, of Wash-
ington, D. C.; and William J. Hughes, Jr., of Washington, D. C.,
were admitted to practice.
705009-47-97

MONDAY, JUNE 9, 1947
274
No. 32. The Order of United Commercial Travelers of America,
petitioner, v. Edward C. Wolfe. On writ of certiorari to the Supreme
Court of the State of South Dakota. Judgment reversed with costs
and case remanded to the Supreme Court for proceedings not incon-
sistent with the opinion of this Court. Opinion by Mr. Justice Bur-
ton. Dissenting opinion by Mr. Justice Black in which Mr. Justice
Douglas, Mr. Justice Murphy, and Mr. Justice Rutledge join.
No. 103. The Gospel Army, a Corporation, appellant, v. The City
of Los Angeles, Board of Social Service Commissioners, Department
of Social Service, and Dan O. Hoye, City Controller. Appeal from
the Supreme Court of the State of California. Appeal dismissed
for the want of jurisdiction. Opinion by Mr. Justice Rutledge.
No. 574. The Rescue Army, a Corporation, and Charles T. Mur-
dock, appellants, v. The Municipal Court of the City of Los Angeles.
Appeal from the Supreme Court of the State of California. Appeal
dismissed at cost of appellants but without prejudice to the determina-
tion in the future of any issues arising under the Federal Constitu-
tion from further proceedings in the Municipal Court of Los Angeles.
Opinion by Mr. Justice Rutledge. Mr. Justice Black concurs in the
result. Dissenting opinion by Mr. Justice Murphy in which Mr.
Justice Douglas joins.
No. 606. The United States of America, petitioner, v. Samuel
Bayer, Elias Bayer, and Walter V. Radovich. On writ of certiorari
to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit.
Judgment of the Circuit Court of Appeals reversed and that of the
District Court affirmed and case remanded to the District Court of
the United States for the Southern District of New York. Opinion
by Mr. Justice Jackson. Dissenting: Mr. Justice Frankfurter. Mr.
Justice Rutledge is of the view that the judgment of the Circuit Court
of Appeals should be affirmed insofar as it relates to the respondent
Radovich, for the reasons stated in that Court's opinion.
No. 970. Brotherhood of Railroad Trainmen, an Unincorporated
Association, appellant, v. The Baltimore and Ohio Railroad Company,
The Chesapeake and Ohio Railway Company, Erie Railroad Com-
pany, et al. Appeal from the District Court of the United States for
the Northern District of Illinois. Judgment reversed with costs and
case remanded for further proceedings in conformity with the opinion
of this court. Opinion by Mr. Justice Murphy.
No. 626. Tom C. Clark, Attorney General, as Successor to the
Alien Property Custodian, petitioner, v. Alvina Allen, Gertrude Din-
widdie, Hilda Pigozzi, et al. On writ of certiorari to the United States
Circuit Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit. Judgment reversed
in part and affirmed in part and case remanded to the District Court

MONDAY, JUNE 9, 1947
275
of the United States for the Northern District of California for pro-
ceedings in conformity with the opinion of this Court. Opinion by
Mr. Justice Douglas. Opinion by Mr. Justice Rutledge concurring in
part.
No. 461. William Greenough and George Henry Warren, Jr.,
Trustees, appellants, v. Tax Assessors of the City of Newport; and
Edward L. Leahy, Tax Administrator of the State of Rhode Island.
Appeal from the Superior Court of the County of Newport, State of
Rhode Island. Judgment affirmed with costs. Opinion by Mr. Justice
Reed. Concurring opinion by Mr. Justice Frankfurter. Dissenting
opinion by Mr. Justice Jackson in which Mr. Justice Murphy joins.
Dissenting opinion by Mr. Justice Rutledge in which the Chief Justice
concurs.
The Chief Justice said:
"The orders of the Court appear upon the list certified by the Chief
Justice and filed with the Clerk and will not be announced orally."
No. 107, Misc. Ex parte Robert H. Best, petitioner. The applica-
tion is dismissed on motion of counsel for the petitioner.
No. 146, Misc. Frank Ford, petitioner, v. Joseph E. Ragen,
Warden, etc.; and
No. 148, Misc. Henry Hooper, petitioner, v. Joseph E. Ragen,
Warden, etc. The motions for leave to file petitions for writs of habeas
corpus are denied.
No. 147, Misc. David H. Johnson, petitioner, v. State of Utah.
The application is denied.
No. 151, Misc. Thomas Henry McMonigle, petitioner, v. People of
the State of California. The application for a stay is denied.
No. 464. The United States of America, appellant, v. Line Mate-
rial Company, General Electric Company, James R. Kearney Cor-
poration, et al.; and
No. 862. The United States, petitioner, v. John J. Felin & Co., Inc.
These cases are ordered restored to the docket and assigned for re-
argument.
No. 1414. Marriner S. Eccles, Ronald Ransom, M. S. Szymczak,
et al., petitioners, v. Peoples Bank of Lakewood Village, California.
Time within which to file respondent's brief extended to July 7, next,
on motion of counsel for the respondent.
No. 1256. Wesley William Cox, petitioner, v. The United States of
America;
No. 1257. Theodore Romaine Thompson, petitioner, v. The United
States of America; and
No. 1258. Wilbur Roisum, petitioner, v. The United States of
America. The petitions for writs of certiorari to the Circuit Court

MONDAY, JUNE 9, 1947
276
of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit are granted and the cases are con-
solidated for argument. The time for oral argument is limited to one
hour a side.
No. 1024. Donald Wade, petitioner, v. Nathan Mayo, as State
Prison Custodian of the State of Florida. The motion for leave to
proceed in forma pauperis is granted. The petition for writ of cer-
tiorari to the Circuit Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit is granted
and the case is transferred to the summary docket.
No. 1141. Lee Arenas, petitioner, v. The United States of Amer-
ica; and
No. 1272. The United States of America, petitioner, v. Lee Arenas.
The petitions for writs of certiorari to the Circuit Court of Appeals
for the Ninth Circuit are denied.
No. 1196. Joseph E. Ragen, Warden, Illinois State Penitentiary,
petitioner, v. The United States of America, ex rel., John H. Rooney.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of Appeals for the
Seventh Circuit denied.
No. 1281. G. E. Gray, J. C. Pitts, and Floyd Brown, petitioners,
v. Commodity Credit Corporation. Petition for writ of certiorari to
the Circuit Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit denied.
No. 1307. Wabash Oil and Gas Association, petitioner, v. Commis-
sioner of Internal Revenue. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
Circuit Court of Appeals for the First Circuit denied.
No. 1310. Bush Terminal Railroad Company, petitioner, v. Bush
Terminal Building Company. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
Supreme Court of New York, Appellate Division, Second Judicial
Department, denied.
No. 1313. John W. Kempe, petitioner, v. The United States of
America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of
Appeals for the Eighth Circuit denied.
No. 1326. James E. Henderson, as Executor of the Last Will and
Testament of Nellie Euretta Taylor, Deceased, petitioner, v. Ethel
Strickland Rogan, Individually and as Executrix of the Last Will
and Testament of Nat Rogan, etc. Petition for writ of certiorari
to the Circuit Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit denied.
No. 1327. James A. Dooley, petitioner, v. G. B. Scott, Adminis-
trator of the Estate of Thomas A. Scott, Deceased, et al. Petition
for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of Appeals for the Sev-
enth Circuit denied.
No. 1328. Roy D. Keehn, as Receiver of Central Mutual Insurance
Company of Chicago, petitioner, v. Brady Transfer & Storage Com-
pany. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of Appeals
for the Seventh Circuit denied.

MONDAY, JUNE 9, 1947
277
No. 1337. Lee Ward, petitioner, v. The United States of America.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of Appeals for
the Eighth Circuit denied.
No. 1418. The New York Central Railroad Company et al., peti-
tioners, v. Henry K. Norton, Successor Trustee of New York, Sus-
quehanna and Western Railroad Company; and
No. 1419. The New York Central Railroad Company et al., peti-
tioners, v. New York Life Insurance Company et al. Petition for
writs of certiorari to the Circut Court of Appeals for the Third
Circuit denied.
No. 1263. Paysoff Tinkoff, petitioner, v. Nigel D. Campbell, Col-
lector of Internal Revenue. The motion to dispense with the print-
ing of the record is granted. The petition for writ of certiorari to
the Circuit Court of Appeals for the Seventh Circuit is denied.
No. 1322. Bennett Mellen, a Minor, By His Father and Next
Friend, Joseph H. Mellen, petitioner, v. H. B. Hirsch & Sons et al.
The motion to dispense with the printing of the petition and record
is granted. The petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia is denied.
No. 1347. Samuel L. Geiselman, petitioner, v. The People of the
State of New York. On petition for writ of certiorari to the
County Court of Nassau County, State of New York;
No. 1360. Donald Hammond, petitioner, v. Joseph E. Ragen,
Warden, etc. On petition for writ of certiorari to the Criminal
Court of Cook County, State of Illinois;
No. 1365. Charles Campiglia, petitioner, v. State of New York.
On petition for writ of certiorari to the County Court of Suffolk
County, State of New York;
No. 1398. Dewright Baxter, petitioner, v. Joseph E. Ragen,
Warden, etc. On petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme
Court of Illinois;
No. 1399. Richard Cunningham, petitioner, v. Joseph E. Ragen,
Warden, etc. On petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme
Court of Illinois; and
No. 1400. Edward McCollister, petitioner, v. Joseph E. Ragen,
Warden, etc. On petition for writ of certiorari to the Criminal
Court of Cook County, State of Illinois. The motions for leave to
proceed in forma pauperis are granted. The petitions for writs of
certiorari are denied.
No. 1040. Gene McCann, petitioner, v. Tom C. Clark, Attorney
General of the United States, etc., et al. The motion for leave to
proceed in forma pauperis is granted. The motion for oral argument

MONDAY, JUNE 9, 1947
278
and other relief is denied. The petition for writ of certiorari to the
Circuit Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit is denied.
No. 343. State of New York, State of Delaware, State of Indiana,
et al., appellants, v. The United States of America, Interstate Com-
merce Commission, State of Alabama, et al.; and
No. 344. Horace A. Hildreth, Governor of the State of Maine, and
Charles M. Dale, Governor of the State of New Hampshire, et al.,
appellants, v. The United States of America, Interstate Commerce
Commission, et al.;
No. 575. Jack Gorum and National Mutual Casualty Company,
petitioners, v. Ruby O. Loudenslager and Charlotte Loudenslager;
No. 1026. Sam Ruben, petitioner, v. E. J. Welch, Superintendent
of the District of Columbia Reformatory;
No. 1096. Mrs. Mattie L. Smith, appellant, v. Jefferson County,
Georgia, etc., et al.;
No. 1106. Ira B. Arnstein, petitioner, v. Cole Porter;
No. 1127. Dimas Ygnacio Ybarra Amaya et al., petitioners, v.
Stanolind Oil and Gas Company et al.;
No. 1128. Morris Hefler, George Levy, and Al Levy, petitioners,
v. The United States of America;
No. 1133. Louise C. Bennion, petitioner, v. New York Life Insur-
ance Company;
No. 1138. Jack Hensley, petitioner, v. The United States of
America;
No. 1142. George Small, petitioner, v. People of the State of New
York; and
No. 1233. Charles Wilkerson, petitioner, v. People of the State of
Illinois. The petitions for rehearing are denied.
No. 127, Misc. Ex parte Anna C. Lewis et al., petitioners. Leave
to file a second petition for rehearing is denied.
No. 34. George Harris, petitioner, v. The United States of Amer-
ica. The motions for leave to file briefs of American Civil Liberties
Union, Congress of Industrial Organizations, Brotherhood of Rail-
road Trainmen, and National Lawyers Guild, as amici curiae are
granted. The petition for rehearing is denied.
No. 217. Mishawaka Rubber and Woolen Manufacturing Com-
pany, petitioner, v. Panther-Panco Rubber Co., Inc. The motion for
leave to file a second petition for rehearing is denied.
No. 300. Lillian B. Everett, petitioner, v. Wallis W. Downing.
The motion for leave to file a second petition for rehearing is denied.
No. 1016. Robert L. Peyton, petitioner, v. Railway Express
Agency, Inc. Leave to file a third petition for rehearing is denied.

MONDAY, JUNE 9, 1947
279
No. 1187. Fred Jackson, petitioner, v. State of Tennessee;
No. 1194. Alice Martens Young, etc., petitioner, v. Clinton P.
Anderson, Secretary of Agriculture of the United States, et al.; and
No. 1294. Sonnie Dobbs, Jr., appellant, v. State of Mississippi.
The petitions for rehearing in these cases are denied. Mr. Justice
Douglas took no part in the consideration or decision of these
applications.
Adjourned until Monday, June 16, next, at 12 o'clock.
Х

MONDAY, JUNE 16, 1947
280
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: Mr. Chief Justice Vinson, Mr. Justice Black, Mr. Justice
Reed, Mr. Justice Frankfurter, Mr. Justice Douglas, Mr. Justice
Murphy, Mr. Justice Jackson, Mr. Justice Rutledge, and Mr. Justice
Burton.
Robert Lanier Clark, of Dallas, Tex.; Helen May Bloedorn, of
Silver Spring, Md.; Robert C. McConnell, of Roswell, N. Mex.; Edith
H. Lowenstein, of Chicago, Ill.; Leon Yudkin, of Brooklyn, N. Y.;
Robert A. Collier, of Wichita Falls, Tex.; Gilbert T. Adams, of Beau-
mont, Tex.; Hoyt G. Irving, of Bisbee, Ariz.; Jesse W. Boyd, of
Spartanburg, S. C.; Frederick C. Weyher, of Detroit, Mich.; Harold
Sharpe, of Forrest City, Ark.; Leo F. Rayfiel, of Brooklyn, N. Y.;
Abraham J. Multer, of Brooklyn, N. Y.; Clay Nixon, of Seattle,
Wash.; Ernest M. Wright, of Terre Haute, Ind.; Luke Arnett, of
Little Rock, Ark.; Samuel F. Cohn, of Boston, Mass.; Chas. W.
Anderson, of Atlanta, Ga.; Robert Emmett Dowling, of Chicago, Ill.;
Karl M. Dollak, of Chevy Chase, Md.; Will Rogers, of Bessie, Okla.;
William Howard Payne, of El Reno, Okla.; William P. Baskin, of
Bishopville, S. C.; Kenneth P. Laird, of Arlington, Va.; George L.
Siegel, of Chicago, Ill.; Ralph Dickson, of Wichita Falls, Tex.; Louis
Zimmet, of Brooklyn, N. Y.; Herman Clay Beasley, of Alexandria,
Va.; Mildred Dagny Aaberg, of Washington, D. C.; Marion A. Horn-
beck, of Glendale, Calif.; William Bronson Blackburn, of Pikeville,
Ky.; Casper Shepard McClelland, of Washington, D. C.; Elmo V.
Coons, of Bethesda, Md.; George Pellettieri, of Trenton, N. J.; Samuel
Perman, of Worcester, Mass.; Robert Merkle, of Cleveland, Ohio;
Maurice M. Miller, of Seattle, Wash.; Fay Lee Berger Anderson, of
Washington, D. C.; Clyde Neil Johnson, of Manchester, Iowa; Elwood
H. Olsen, of Beresford, S. Dak.; Louis P. Sheahan, of St. Paul, Minn.;
Chester A. Dick, Jr., of New York, N. Y.; Matthew W. Rinfrette, of
Washington, D. C.; Rita Doherty Hornyak, of Washington, D. C.;
Bernard J. Bordenet, of Greenbelt, Md.; Clarence Benjamin Dutton,
Jr., of Sullivan, Ind.; Anderson H. Tackett, of Pikeville, Ky.; Ida
Iris Kloze, of Baltimore, Md.; Robert Sheriffs Moss, of Milwaukee,
Wis.; Jack Kranis, of Brooklyn, N. Y.; Benjamin Elenbogen, of
Chicago, Ill.; Clara L. Longstreth, of Washington, D. C.; Daniel J.
Andersen, of Jamestown, N. Y.; I. Irving Tubis, of Philadelphia, Pa.;
and John Patrick Walsh, of Philadelphia, Pa., were admitted to
practice.
705009-47-98

A
MONDAY, JUNE 16, 1947
281
No. 95. Aircraft & Diesel Equipment Corporation, appellant, v.
Maurice Hirsch, E. D. McDougal, John R. Paul, et al. Appeal from
the District Court of the United States for the District of Columbia.
Decree affirmed. Opinion by Mr. Justice Rutledge. Mr. Justice
Jackson concurs in the result. Dissenting: Mr. Justice Douglas.
No. 404. Mexican Light & Power Company, Ltd., petitioner, v.
The Texas Mexican Railway Company. On writ of certiorari to
the Supreme Court of the State of Texas. Judgment affrmed with
costs. Opinion by Mr. Justice Frankfurter. Dissenting opinion by
Mr. Justice Reed in which Mr. Chief Justice Vinson joins.
No. 287. J. Robert Bazley, petitioner, v. Commissioner of Internal
Revenue; and
No. 209. Adam A. Adams, petitioner, v. Commissioner of Internal
Revenue. On writs of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court
of Appeals for the Third Circuit. Judgments affirmed and cases
remanded to the Circuit Court of Appeals. Opinion by Mr. Justice
Frankfurter. Dissenting: Mr. Justice Douglas and Mr. Justice
Burton.
No. 77. The United States of America, petitioner, v. William M.
Dickinson; and
No. 78. The United States of America, petitioner, v. F. H. With-
row. On writs of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of
Appeals for the Fourth Circuit. Judgments affirmed and cases re-
manded to the District Court of the United States for the Southern
District of West Virginia. Opinion by Mr. Justice Frankfurter.
No. 312. The United States of America, petitioner, v. Albert Silk,
Doing Business as Albert Silk Coal Company. On writ of certiorari
to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Tenth Circuit;
and
No. 673. Carter H. Harrison, Individually and as Collector of
Internal Revenue, petitioner, v. Greyvan Lines, Inc. On writ
of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the
Seventh Circuit. Judgment in No. 312 affirmed in part and reversed
in part and case remanded to the District Court of the United States
for the District of Kansas for proceedings in conformity with the
opinion of this Court. Judgment in No. 673 affirmed with costs and
case remanded to the District Court of the United States for the
Northern District of Illinois. Opinion by Mr. Justice Reed. Mr.
Justice Black, Mr. Justice Douglas and Mr. Justice Murphy are of
the view that the applicable principles of law, stated by the Court
and with which they agree, require reversal of both judgments in
their entirety. Opinion by Mr. Justice Rutledge concurring in part.

MONDAY, JUNE 16, 1947
282
No. 562. Rutherford Food Corporation and The George Kaiser
Packing Company, petitioners, v. William R. McComb, Administra-
tor of the Wage and Hour Division, United States Department of
Labor. On writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of
Appeals for the Tenth Circuit. Judgment of the Circuit Court of
Appeals concluding that meat boners are employees of the slaughter-
ing plant under the Fair Labor Standards Act affirmed with costs,
but direction in judgment of that court "for entry of a judgment
substantially as prayed" modified so as to leave the District Court
free to frame its decree in accordance with the opinion of this Court.
Opinion by Mr. Justice Reed.
No. 850. Harrison Williams, Clifford F. Stone, Sidney J. Wein-
berg, et al., petitioners, v. Carl J. Austrian and Robert G. Butcher, as
Trustees of Central States Electric Corporation. On writ of certiorari
to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit.
Judgment affirmed with costs and case remanded to the District Court
of the United States for the Southern District of New York. Opinion
by Mr. Chief Justice Vinson. Dissenting opinion by Mr. Justice
Frankfurter in which Mr. Justice Jackson joins.
No. 733. Interstate Natural Gas Company, Incorporated, peti-
tioner, v. Federal Power Commission, Louisiana Public Service Com-
mission, City of New Orleans, Louisiana, and City of Baton Rouge,
Louisiana. On writ of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court
of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit. Judgment affirmed and case re-
manded to the Circuit Court of Appeals. Opinion by Mr. Chief
Justice Vinson.
No. 945. John P. McWilliams, petitioner, v. Commissioner of In-
ternal Revenue;
No. 946. Estate of Susan P. McWilliams, Deceased, John P. Mc-
Williams, Executor, petitioner, v. Commissioner of Internal Revenue;
and
No. 947. Brooks B. McWilliams, petitioner, v. Commissioner of
Internal Revenue. On writs of certiorari to the United States Circuit
Court of Appeals for the Sixth Circuit. Judgments affirmed and cases
remanded to the Circuit Court of Appeals. Opinion by Mr. Chief
Justice Vinson. Mr. Justice Burton took no part in the consideration
or decision of these cases.
The Chief Justice announced the following orders of the Court:
No. 724. Raymond E. Wade et al., Co-Partners, Doing Business as
Cadillac Tool and Die Company, et al., appellants, v. Henry L. Stim-
son, et al. Appeal from the District Court of the United States for

MONDAY, JUNE 16, 1947
283
the District of Columbia. Per curiam: The motion to affirm is granted
and the judgment is affirmed. Aircraft & Diesel Equipment Corpora-
tion v. Hirsch, No. 95, October Term 1946, decided this day.
No. 836. Alaska Juneau Gold Mining Company, petitioner, v. E. E.
Robertson, as Representative of and On Behalf of J. A. Behrends, et
al. On petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of Appeals
for the Ninth Circuit. Per curiam: The petition for rehearing is
granted. The order entered May 12, 1947, denying certiorari, is va-
cated and the petition for writ of certiorari is granted limited to the
question presented by the petition for rehearing as to the effect of the
Portal-to-Portal Act of 1947, approved May 14, 1947. The judgment
of reversal of the Circuit Court of Appeals is modified so as to provide
that on remand to the District Court that Court shall have authority
to consider any matters presented to it under the Portal-to-Portal
Act of 1947.
The Chief Justice said:
"The other orders of the Court appear upon the list certified by the
Chief Justice and filed with the Clerk and will not be announced
orally."
No. 149, Misc. James J. Carr, petitioner, v. People of the State of
New York;
No. 152, Misc. Gordon Finkle, petitioner, v. Joseph E. Ragen,
Warden, etc.; and
No. 153. Misc. Albert Van Pelt, petitioner, v. Joseph E. Ragen,
Warden, etc. The motions for leave to file petitions for writs of
habeas corpus are denied.
No. 96, Misc. Ex parte William Fitzpatrick, petitioner; and
No. 150, Misc. Joseph Tomanek, petitioner, v. Joseph E. Ragen,
Warden, etc. The motions for leave to file petitions for certiorari
are denied.
No. 154, Misc. Daisy C. Tegtmeyer, petitioner, v. Henry Tegt-
meyer. The application is denied.
No. 754, October Term 1945. W. P. Sewell and R. B. Sewell, peti-
tioners, v. Commissioner of Internal Revenue. The motion for an
extension of time within which to file a second petition for rehearing
is denied. The Chief Justice and Mr. Justice Jackson took no part
in the consideration or decision of this application.
No. 184. A. N. Cone, petitioner, v. West Virginia Pulp and Paper
Co. The motion to recall and amend the mandate is denied.

MONDAY, JUNE 16, 1947
284
No. 425. James F. Morris, petitioner, v. L. Metcalfe Walling, Ad-
ministrator of the Wage and Hour Division, United States Depart-
ment of Labor; and
No. 562. Rutherford Food Corporation and the George Kaiser
Packing Company, petitioners, v. L. Metcalfe Walling, Adminis-
trator of the Wage and Hour Division, United States Department of
Labor. The motions to substitute William R. McComb as the party
respondent in these cases are granted.
No. 497. 149 Madison Avenue Corp. and Williams & Co., Inc., peti-
tioners, v. Frank Asselta, Camilo Del Rio, Joseph McArdle, et al.
On consideration of the motion of counsel for the petitioners to modify
the judgment of this Court in this case, it is ordered that the judgment
of affirmance entered herein on May 5, 1947, be modified so as to pro-
vide that the judgment of the Circuit Court of Appeals is affirmed and
the cause is remanded to the District Court with authority in that
Court to consider any matters presented to it under the Portal-to-
Portal Act of 1947, approved May 14, 1947.
No. 1285. Marianna Von Moltke, petitioner, v. A. Blake Gillies,
Superintendent of the Detroit House of Correction. The motion of
petitioner for enlargement on recognizance is granted and the matter
is referred to the District Court for determination as to whether
surety ought to be required or the personal recognizance of the peti-
tioner shall suffice and for the entry of an appropriate order.
No. 1486. Samuel H. Rabin, petitioner, v. People of the State of
Michigan. The application for a stay is denied.
No. 1340. Chicago and Southern Air Lines, Inc., petitioner, v.
Waterman Steamship Corporation; and
No. 1371. Civil Aeronautics Board, petitioner, v. Waterman
Steamship Corporation. Petitions for writs of certiorari to the
Circuit Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit are granted.
No. 1383. Memphis Natural Gas Company, petitioner, v. A. H.
Stone, Chairman, State Tax Commission of Mississippi. Petition
for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Mississippi granted.
No. 1295. A. V. Pownall, Grance M. Pownall, and Henes-Morgan
Machinery Company, Ltd., petitioners, v. The United States of Amer-
ica. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of Appeals
for the Ninth Circuit granted and the case is transferred to the
summary docket.
No. 1391. Alexander Wool Combing Company, petitioner, v. The
United States of America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
Circuit Court of Appeals for the First Circuit granted and the case
is transferred to the summary docket.

MONDAY, JUNE 16, 1947
285
No. 1427. Jacob Lichter and Jennie L. Lichter, Individually and
As Co-Partners Doing Business as Southern Fireproofing Company,
a Co-Partnership, petitioners, v. The United States of America.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of Appeals for
the Sixth Circuit granted and the case is transferred to the summary
docket.
No. 1395. Commissioner of Internal Revenue, petitioner, v. Estate
of Francois L. Church, Deceased, Edward E. Black, Executor. Peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of Appeals for the
Third Circuit is granted and the case is transferred to the summary
docket and assigned for argument immediately following No. 1144.
No. 1123. John Harvey Haley, petitioner, v. The State of Ohio.
The motion for leave to proceed in forma pauperis is granted. The
petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Ohio is also
granted.
No. 1377. Albert Lee, appellant, v. State of Mississippi. Appeal
from the Supreme Court of Mississippi. The motion for leave to
proceed in forma pauperis is granted. The appeal is dismissed for
want of jurisdiction. Sec. 237 (a), Judicial Code, as amended, 28
U. S. C., sec. 344 (a). Treating the papers whereon the appeal was
allowed as a petition for writ of certiorari as required by sec. 237 (c)
of the Judicial Code, as amended, 28 U. S. C., sec. 344 (c), certiorari
is granted, and the case is assigned for argument immediately follow-
ing No. 1123.
No. 1422. Ves H. Morgan and Bessie H. Morgan, petitioners, v.
Daniel T. Gilman, Also Known As Daniel Grimble Gilman II. The
petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Florida is
dismissed on motion of counsel for the petitioners.
No. 1220. Howard T. Jensen, petitioner, v. The United States of
America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of
Appeals for the Tenth Circuit denied.
No. 1311. Oscar Nelson, petitioner, v. The United States. Peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the Court of Claims denied.
No. 1314. Southern Pacific Company, petitioner, v. The United
States. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Claims denied.
No. 1320. Fred C. Cave, petitioner, v. The United States of Amer-
ica. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of Appeals
for the Eighth Circuit denied.
No. 1321. C. A. Poteet, R. O. Jackson, Harry Wright, et al., peti-
tioners, v. Steve Rogers. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme
Court of Missouri denied.

MONDAY, JUNE 16, 1947
286
No. 1324. The J. L. Hudson Company, petitioner, v. National
Labor Relations Board. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit
Court of Appeals for the Sixth Circuit denied.
No. 1329. Todd Shipyard Corporation, Successor By Merger to
Robins Dry Dock & Repair Company, petitioner, v. Grace Puleo, as
Administratrix of the Estate of Peter Puleo, Deceased, et al.; and
"
No. 1384. H. E. Moss & Company, Owner of the S. S. "Lucellum,'
petitioner, v. Grace Puleo, as Administratrix of the Estate of Peter
Puleo, Deceased, et al. Petitions for writs of certiorari to the Circuit
Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit denied.
No. 1338. Raymond de Filippis, petitioner, v. Chrysler Corpora-
tion, Chrysler Sales Corporation, Studebaker Corporation, et al.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of Appeals for the
Second Circuit denied.
No. 1357. Frank F. Whitfield, Individually and as Guardian of
and for Harold R. Whitfield, an Incompetent, petitioner, v. Theodore
D. Parsons and Harry B. Heaviland, Executor of the Last Will and
Testament and Codicil of Howard Whitfield, Deceased, et al. Petition
for writ of certiorari to the Court of Errors and Appeals, State of
New Jersey, denied.
No. 1358. McAllister Lighterage Line, Inc., as Claimant of the
Tug G. M. McAllister, petitioner, v. P. Dougherty Company, as Owner
of the Barge Harford. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit
Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit denied.
No. 1361. Ralph B. Mellor, petitioner, v. The United States of
America; and
No. 1362. Charles J. Ford, petitioner, v. The United States of
America. Petition for writs of certiorari to the Circuit Court of
Appeals for the Eighth Circuit denied.
No. 1373. Oscar K. Smith, petitioner, v. The United States of
America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of
Appeals for the Fourth Circuit denied.
No. 1380. Peter L. Young, petitioner, v. Territory of Hawaii. Pe-
tition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of Appeals for the
Ninth Circuit denied.
No. 1386. John Hancock Mutual Life Insurance Company, peti-
tioner, v. Rhoda S. Gaunt, Individually and as Administratrix of the
Estate of James A. Gaunt, Jr., Deceased. Petition for writ of cer-
tiorari to the Circuit Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit denied.
No. 1392. Chris. Christiansen, et al., petitioners, v. Margaret Chris-
tiansen. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of
Appeals for the Fifth Circuit denied.

MONDAY, JUNE 16, 1947
287
No. 1394. Martin Fletcher Lowrey, petitioner, v. The United
States of America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit
Court of Appeals for the Eighth Circuit denied.
No. 1428. Sadie Goldbaum, petitioner, v. The United States of
America and Harry R. Strauss. Petition for writ of certiorari to
the Circuit Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit denied.
No. 1243. Rebecca Niewiadomski, petitioner, v. The United States
of America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of
Appeals for the Sixth Circuit denied.
No. 1430. Red Star Barge Line, Inc., and Red Star Towing &
Transportation Company, petitioners, v. Delores Rose Force. Peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of Appeals for the
Second Circuit denied.
No. 1431. Modern Manufacturing Co., Inc., petitioner, v. Philip
B. Fleming, Temporary Controls Administrator. Petition for writ
of certiorari to the United States Emergency Court of Appeals
denied.
No. 1432. Jacob Louis Auerbach, petitioner, v. Philip B. Fleming,
Temporary Controls Administrator. Petition for writ of certiorari
to the United States Emergency Court of Appeals denied.
No. 1447. Charles A. Kersten, an Individual Doing Business as
Kersten Motor Company, petitioner, v. The United States of America.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of Appeals for
the Tenth Circuit denied.
No. 1450. Friedman's Express, Inc., and The Girard Fire and
Marine Insurance Company, petitioners, v. Mildred Loeb, Individual-
ly, and as Trustee for Carol Loeb and William Loeb and Harry
Rubenstein, Copartners Doing Business Under the Firm Name and
Style of Starlet Underwear Co. Petition for writ of certiorari to
the Court of Appeals of New York denied.
No. 987. Twyeffort, Inc., petitioner, v. L. Metcalfe Walling, Ad-
ministrator of the Wage and Hour Division, United States Depart-
ment of Labor. The motion to substitute William R. McComb as
the party respondent is granted. The petition for writ of certiorari
to the Circuit Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit is denied.
No. 1020. Andrew Krol, petitioner, v. Joseph E. Ragen, Warden,
etc. On petition for writ of certiorari to the Criminal Court of
Cook County, State of Illinois;
No. 1022. George Bolster, petitioner, v. State of Michigan. On
petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Michigan;

MONDAY, JUNE 16, 1947
288
No. 1137. Selvie Winfield Wells, petitioner, v. The United States
of America. On petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court
of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit;
No. 1152. Ike Young, petitioner, v. The United States of America.
On petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of Appeals
for the Fifth Circuit;
No. 1228. H. L. Myers, petitioner, v. Walter A. Hunter, Warden.
On petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of Appeals for
the Tenth Circuit;
No. 1245. Jack Smith, petitioner, v. R. H. Hudspeth, Warden of
the Kansas State Penitentiary. On petition for writ of certiorari to
the Supreme Court of Kansas;
No. 1323. Jerry McCabe, petitioner, v. State of Arkansas. On
petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Arkansas;
No. 1356. Merlin James Smith, petitioner, v. The People of the
State of California. On petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme
Court of California;
No. 1366. Cassius S. McDonald, petitioner, v. Walter A. Hunter,
Warden, etc. On petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court
of Appeals for the Tenth Circuit ;
No. 1389. Emil Lustig, alias Dr. Edward E. Fisher, petitioner, v.
The United States of America. On petition for writ of certiorari
to the Circuit Court of Appeals for the Third Circuit;
No. 1397. Albert Fouts, Virgil Summers, and George C. Moran,
petitioners, v. State of Ohio. On petition for writ of certiorari to
the Supreme Court of Ohio;
No. 1406. Walter Thompson, petitioner, v. James A. Johnston,
Warden, etc. On petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of
Appeals for the Ninth Circuit;
No. 1407. Carl Hamby, petitioner, v. People of the State of
Illinois. On petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of
Illinois;
No. 1408. Peter Ficarrotta, petitioner, v. Joseph E. Ragen,
Warden, etc. On petition for writ of certiorari to the Criminal
Court of Cook County, State of Illinois;
No. 1409. Daniel Hesly, petitioner, v. Joseph E. Ragen, Warden,
etc. On petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of
Illinois;
No. 1410. James Taylor, petitioner, v. People of the State of
Illinois. On petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of
Illinois;
No. 1411. John Machul, petitioner, v. Joseph E. Ragen, Warden,
etc. On petition for writ of certiorari to the Criminal Court of Cook
County, State of Illinois;
705009-47-99

MONDAY, JUNE 16, 1947
289
No. 1412. Andrew Rusnak, petitioner, v. Joseph E. Ragen,
Warden, etc. On petition for writ of certiorari to the Criminal
Court of Cook County, State of Illinois;
No. 1413. Frank A. Quinn, petitioner, v. Joseph E. Ragen,
Warden, etc. On petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of
Appeals for the Seventh Circuit;
No. 1416. Francis Egan, petitioner, v. Joseph E. Ragen, Warden,
etc. On petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of Will
County, State of Illinois;
No. 1424. Frank Moore, petitioner, v. Joseph E. Ragen, Warden,
etc. On petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of Madison
County, State of Illinois;
No. 1425. Harry Tenney, petitioner, v. Joseph E. Ragen, Warden,
etc. On petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of Will
County, State of Illinois;
No. 1426. Santos Baronia, petitioner, v. People of the State of
Illinois. On petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of
Illinois;
No. 1429. Nicholas Mysholowsky, petitioner, v. The People of the
State of New York. On petition for writ of certiorari to the County
Court of Kings County, State of New York;
No. 1433. Emil Reck, petitioner, v. The State of Illinois. On peti-
tion for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Illinois;
No. 1434. Paul Peters, petitioner, v. The State of Illinois; and
No. 1435. Paul Peters, petitioner, v. The State of Illinois. On
petition for writs of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Illinois;
No. 1436. Nick Buck, petitioner, v. The State of Illinois; and
No. 1437. Nick Buck, petitioner, v. The State of Illinois. On peti-
tion for writs of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Illinois;
No. 1439. Glenn Ross Griffin, petitioner, v. Joseph E. Ragen,
Warden, etc. On petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court
of Winnebago County and the Supreme Court of Illinois;
No. 1440. Carlos M. Lopez, petitioner, v. Insular Police Commis-
sion, Composed of Mario-No Acosta Velarde, et al., Commissioners.
On petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of Appeals for
the First Circuit;
No. 1444. Philip Jordan, petitioner, v. Joseph E. Ragen, Warden,
etc. On petition for writ of certiorari to the Criminal Court of Cook
County, State of Illinois;
No. 1449. Albert Baker, petitioner, v. L. F. Utecht, et al., as Agents
for the State of Minnesota. On petition for writ of certiorari to the
Circuit Court of Appeals for the Eighth Circuit;

MONDAY, JUNE 16, 1947
290
No. 1453. Everett Franklin, petitioner, v. Walter Nierstheimer,
Warden, etc. On petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court
of Randolph County, State of Illinois;
No. 1454. Harry Lee Baldridge, petitioner, v. Joseph E. Ragen,
etc. On petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of Madison
County, State of Illinois;
No. 1455. Patrick Flaherty, petitioner, v. The People of the State
of Illinois. On petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court
of Illinois;
No. 1456. Edward Kerbeck, petitioner, v. Joseph E. Ragen,
Warden, etc. On petition for writ of certiorari to the Criminal Court
of Cook County, State of Illinois;
No. 1461. S. Aiken Campbell, petitioner, v. Nathan Mayo, as Cus-
todian of the Florida State Prison. On petition for writ of certiorari
to the Circuit Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit;
No. 1463. James Herman Dykes, petitioner, v. Walter Niersthei-
mer, Warden, etc. On petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme
Court of Illinois;
No. 1464. Donald Hubbard, petitioner, v. Gerald F. Bush, Warden,
etc. On petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of
Michigan;
No. 1465. William G. Hayes, petitioner, v. Joseph E. Ragen,
Warden, etc. On petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court
of Illinois;
No. 1466. Harry Lee Baldridge, petitioner, v. Joseph E. Ragen,
Warden, etc. On petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme
Court of Illinois;
No. 1467. John Schultz, petitioner, v. People of the State of
Illinois. On petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court
of Illinois;
No. 1471. James Clement Moore, petitioner, v. The United States
of America. On petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court
of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit;
No. 1474. Chester Skiba, petitioner, v. The State of Missouri. On
petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Missouri;
No. 1475. Joe Caetano, petitioner, v. The People of the State of
California. On petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court
of California; and
No. 1491. Charles Skinner, petitioner, v. People of the State of
Illinois. On petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of
Illinois. The motions for leave to proceed in forma pauperis are
granted. The petitions for writs of certiorari are denied.

MONDAY, JUNE 16, 1947
291
No. 1393. Jack McCormick, petitioner, v. State of Michigan. On
petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Michigan;
and
No. 145, Misc. Ex parte Jack McCormick, petitioner. The motion
for leave to proceed in forma pauperis is granted. The petition for
writ of certiorari is denied. The motion for leave to file petition
for writ of habeas corpus is denied.
No. —. In the Matter of the Disbarment of Hulon Capshaw;
No. 143, Misc. Archie L. Maloyan, petitioner, v. United States
Congress;
No. 418. National Labor Relations Board, petitioner, v. Jones &
Laughlin Steel Corporation;
No. 419. National Labor Relations Board, petitioner, v. E. C.
Atkins and Company;
No. 715. State of Oklahoma and Champlin Refining Company,
petitioners, v. The United States of America;
No. 1237. State of New York, petitioner, v. The United States of
America (Relative to the Condemnation by the United States of
Certain Easement Rights in 220 Acres of Land in Essex and Hamilton
Counties, New York); and
No. 1293. Fred Wilson, petitioner, v. Joseph E. Ragen, Warden,
etc. The petitions for rehearing are denied.
No. 1097. Alfred L. Hawkins and Laurence I. Prout, petitioners,
v. The United States of America;
No. 1219. R. D. Reser, petitioner, v. Philip B. Fleming, Temporary
Controls Administrator;
No. 1226. Texasteel Manufacturing Company, et al., petitioners,
v. Seaboard Surety Company; and
No. 1227. George W. Armstrong, Sr., et al., petitioners, v. Sea-
board Surety Company. The petitions for rehearing are denied.
Mr. Justice Douglas took no part in the consideration or decision of
these applications.
No. 1211. James M. Curley, petitioner, v. The United States of
America. The petition for rehearing in this case is denied. Mr.
Justice Murphy is of the opinion the petition should be granted.
Mr. Justice Frankfurter took no part in the consideration or decision
of this application.
No. 144. Helen C. Calvert, petitioner, v. Charles Henry Smith,
et al. The motion for leave to file a petition for rehearing is denied.
No. 700. Borg-Warner Corporation and David E. Gamble, peti-
tioners, v. George I. Goodwin and John F. Daukus. The motion
for leave to file a second petition for rehearing is granted.

MONDAY, JUNE 16, 1947
292
The Court will take a recess from today until Monday, June 23d,
next, on which day it will adjourn for the term unless otherwise
ordered.
Adjourned until Monday, June 23d, next, at 12 o'clock.
☑

MONDAY, JUNE 23, 1947
293
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
Present: Mr. Chief Justice Vinson, Mr. Justice Black, Mr. Justice
Reed, Mr. Justice Frankfurter, Mr. Justice Douglas, Mr. Justice
Murphy, Mr. Justice Jackson, Mr. Justice Rutledge, and Mr. Justice
Burton.
Richard Moberly, of Russellville, Ark.; Frederick Howard Wilder,
Jr., of Waltham, Mass.; Joseph R. Gorman, of Washington, D. C.;
John Murray Parker, of Washington, D. C.; Louise Davis Holley,
of Washington, D. C.; David Berger, of Philadelphia, Pa.; Vincent
J. Hargadon, of Louisville, Ky.; William T. Ham, of Washington,
D. C.; Paul A. Wolkin, of Philadelphia, Pa.; John W. Bohlen, of
Philadelphia, Pa.; James J. Molthan, of Seattle, Wash.; George A.
Meekison, of Napoleon, Ohio; Noel A. Troy, of Honolulu, T. H.;
Frederick K. Arzt, of Baltimore, Md.; Ira Jack Rees, of Oklahoma
City, Okla.; Helen Marie Boyd, of Washington, D. C.; Vincent A.
Kleinfeld, of New York, N. Y.; Mary Catherine Barlow, of Wash-
ington, D. C. and Zulah Mayo Purvis, of Jackson, Miss., were ad-
mitted to practice.
No. 89. The United States of America, appellant, v. National Lead
Company, Titan Company, Inc., and E. I. Du Pont De Nemours and
Company;
No. 90. National Lead Company and Titan Company, Inc., appel-
lants, v. The United States of America; and
No. 91. E. I. Du Pont De Nemours and Company, appellant, v.
The United States of America. Appeals from the District Court
of the United States for the Southern District of New York. Decree
affirmed. Motion of the United States to amend its assignments of
error granted. Opinion by Mr. Justice Burton. Mr. Justice Black
and Mr. Justice Jackson took no part in the consideration or decision
of these cases. Opinion by Mr. Justice Douglas dissenting in part,
in which Mr. Justice Murphy and Mr. Justice Rutledge concur.
No. 235. The United States of America, petitioner, v. Standard Oil
Company of California and Ira Boone. On writ of certiorari to
the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit.
Judgment affirmed and case remanded to the District Court of the
United States for the Southern District of California. Opinion by
Mr. Justice Rutledge. Mr. Justice Frankfurter concurs in the result.
Dissenting opinion by Mr. Justice Jackson.
705009-47- -100

MONDAY, JUNE 23, 1947
294
No. 847. The United States, petitioner, v. The Munsey Trust Com-
pany of Washington, D. C., Receiver. On writ of certiorari to the
Court of Claims. Judgment reversed and case remanded to the Court
of Claims for proceedings in conformity with the opinion of this
Court. Opinion by Mr. Justice Jackson. Dissenting: Mr. Justice
Burton. Mr. Justice Douglas took no part in the consideration or
decision of this case.
No. 687. John H. Fahey and A. V. Ammann, Individually and
Respectively as Federal Home Loan Bank Commissioner and Con-
servator for the Long Beach Federal Savings and Loan Association,
appellants, v. Paul Mallonee, C. H. Newhouse, Winnie Bucklin, et al.
Appeal from the District Court of the United States for the Southern
District of California. Judgment reversed and case remanded for
further proceedings in conformity with the opinion of this Court.
Opinion by Mr. Justice Jackson. Mr. Justice Douglas and Mr. Justice
Rutledge concur in the result.
No. 133, Misc. John H. Fahey et al., petitioners, v. Honorable
Peirson M. Hall, Judge, etc. Motion for leave to file petition for writ
of mandamus and/or prohibition denied and rule to show cause dis-
charged. Opinion by Mr. Justice Jackson.
No. 377. Joseph S. Fay, petitioner, v. The People of the State of
New York; and
No. 452. James Bove, petitioner, v. The People of the State of New
York. On writs of certiorari to the Court of Appeals of the State of
New York. Judgments affirmed with costs. Opinion by Mr. Justice
Jackson. Dissenting opinion by Mr. Justice Murphy in which Mr.
Justice Black, Mr. Justice Douglas, and Mr. Justice Rutledge join.
No. 81. Securities and Exchange Commission, petitioner, v. Chen-
ery Corporation et al.; and
No. 82. Securities and Exchange Commission, petitioner, v. Fed-
eral Water and Gas Corporation. On writs of certiorari to the United
States Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia. Judgment re-
versed and cases remanded to the Court of Appeals for proceedings in
conformity with the opinion of this Court. Opinion by Mr. Justice
Murphy. Mr. Justice Burton concurs in the result. The Chief Jus-
tice and Mr. Justice Douglas took no part in the consideration or deci-
sion of these cases. Dissenting: Mr. Justice Frankfurter and Mr.
Justice Jackson.
No. 1035. The United States of America, appellant, v. Yellow Cab
Company, Chicago Yellow Cab Company, Inc., Parmelee Transpor-
tation Company, et al. Appeal from the District Court of the United
States for the Northern District of Illinois. Decree reversed and case
remanded for further proceedings in conformity with the opinion of
this Court. Opinion by Mr. Justice Murphy. Mr. Justice Douglas

MONDAY, JUNE 23, 1947
295
took no part in the consideration or decision of this case. Mr. Justice
Black and Mr. Justice Rutledge agree with Parts I and II of the
opinion of this Court but dissent from the holding in Part III. Mr.
Justice Burton concurs in Part III of the opinion. However, he
believes that the complaint as a whole fails to state a cause of action
and that, therefore, the judgment of the District Court dismissing it
should be affirmed.
No. 535. Theodore Martin Sunal, petitioner, v. David R. Large,
Superintendent, Federal Prison Camp, Mill Point, W. Va. On writ
of certiorari to. the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the
Fourth Circuit; and
No. 840. Myrl Alexander, Warden, petitioner, v. United States ex
rel. John Myron Kulick. On writ of certiorari to the United States
Circuit Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit. Judgment in No.
535 affirmed and case remanded to the District Court of the United
States for the Southern District of West Virginia. Judgment in No.
840 reversed and case remanded to the District Court of the United
States for the District of Connecticut for proceedings in conformity
with the opinion of this Court. Opinion by Mr. Justice Douglas. Mr.
Justice Burton concurs in the result. Dissenting opinion by Mr.
Justice Frankfurter. Dissenting opinion by Mr. Justice Rutledge.
No. 540. Nelson Foster and George Payne, petitioners, v. The
People of the State of Illinois. On writ of certiorari to the Supreme
Court of the State of Illinois. Judgment affirmed. Opinion by Mr.
Justice Frankfurter. Dissenting opinion by Mr. Justice Black in
which Mr. Justice Douglas, Mr. Justice Murphy, and Mr. Justice
Rutledge join. Dissenting opinion by Mr. Justice Rutledge in which
Mr. Justice Black, Mr. Justice Douglas, and Mr. Justice Murphy join.
No. 405. Marvin Gayes, petitioner, v. The State of New York. On
writ of certiorari to the County Court of Monroe County, State of
New York. Judgment affirmed. Mr. Justice Frankfurter announced
the judgment of the Court in an opinion in which the Chief Justice,
Mr. Justice Reed, and Mr. Justice Jackson join. Mr. Justice Burton
concurs in the result. Dissenting opinion by Mr. Justice Rutledge
in which Mr. Justice Black, Mr. Justice Douglas, and Mr. Justice
Murpy concur.
No. 625. Peter Caldarola, petitioner, v. Gerda Eckert and Thor
Eckert, Jr., Partners Doing Business Under the Firm Name of Thor
Eckert & Co. On writ of certiorari to the Court of Appeals of the
State of New York. Judgment affirmed with costs. Opinion by Mr.
Justice Frankfurter. Dissenting opinion by Mr. Justice Douglas in
which Mr. Justice Black and Mr. Justice Murphy concur. Dissenting
opinion by Mr. Justice Rutledge.
1.

MONDAY, JUNE 23, 1947
296
No. 385. Atlantic Coast Line Railroad Company, appellant, v.
Glenn S. Phillips, State Revenue Commissioner of the State of Geor-
gia. Appeal from the Supreme Court of the State of Georgia. Judg-
ment affirmed with costs. Opinion by Mr. Justice Frankfurter. Mr.
Justice Rutledge concurs in the result.
No. 102. Admiral Dewey Adamson, appellant, v. People of the
State of California. Appeal from the Supreme Court of the State of
California. Judgment affirmed. Opinion by Mr. Justice Reed. Con-
curring opinion by Mr. Justice Frankfurter. Dissenting opinion by
Mr. Justice Black in which Mr. Justice Douglas joins. Dissenting
opinion by Mr. Justice Murphy in which Mr. Justice Rutledge
concurs.
No. 731. Roy Bartels, Ed Bartels, Carl Bartels, and Justin Conlon,
d. b. a. Crystal Ballroom, petitioners, v. E. H. Birmingham, Indi-
vidually and as Collector of Internal Revenue for the State of Iowa,
Griff Williams, et al.; and
No. 732. Larry V. Geer and Margaret Geer, d. b. a. Larry Geer
Ballrooms, petitioners, v. E. H. Birmingham, Individually and as Col-
lector of Internal Revenue for the State of Iowa. On writs of cer-
tiorari to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Eighth
Circuit. Judgments of the Circuit Court of Appeals reversed with
costs and those of the District Court affirmed, and cases remanded to
the District Court of the United States for the Southern District of
Iowa. Opinion by Mr. Justice Reed. Dissenting opinion by Mr.
Justice Douglas in which Mr. Justice Black and Mr. Justice Murphy
concur.
No. 954. The United States of America, appellant, v. James C.
Petrillo. Appeal from the District Court of the United States for the
Northern District of Illinois. Judgment reversed and case remanded
for further proceedings in conformity with the opinion of this Court.
Opinion by Mr. Justice Black. Mr. Justice Douglas took no part in
the consideration or decision of this case. Concurring opinion by Mr.
Justice Frankfurter. Dissenting opinion by Mr. Justice Reed in
which Mr. Justice Murphy and Mr. Justice Rutledge join.
No. 12, Original. The United States of America, complainant, v.
The State of California. On Bill of Complaint. Opinion holding that
the United States is entitled to relief prayed for. The parties, or either
of them, may, before September 15, 1947, submit the form of decree to
carry the opinion of this Court into effect, failing which the Court will
prepare and enter an appropriate decree at the next term of Court.
Opinion by Mr. Justice Black. Mr. Justice Jackson took no part in
the consideration or decision of this case. Dissenting opinion by Mr.
Justice Reed. Dissenting opinion by Mr. Justice Frankfurter.

MONDAY, JUNE 23, 1947
The Chief Justice announced the following order of the Court:
297
No. 466. Herman Greenberg, appellant, v. The People of the State
of California. Appeal from the District Court of Appeal, 2d Appel-
late District, State of California. Per curiam: The judgment is af-
firmed. Adamson v. People of the State of California, No. 102,
October Term 1946, decided this day.
The Chief Justice said:
"The other orders of the Court appear upon the list certified by
the Chief Justice and filed with the Clerk and will not be announced
orally."
ORDER
It is ordered by this Court that the Librarian and the Associate
Librarian of this Court shall furnish bonds with good and sufficient
sureties, to be approved by the Chief Justice, in the amounts of $10,000
and $5,000, respectively, in favor of the United States of America
and/or the Marshal of the Supreme Court of the United States, con-
ditioned for the faithful performance of their duties as such Librarian
and Associate Librarian, including the certification for payment by
the Marshal of this Court of vouchers covering expenses incurred and
purchases made by them, or either of them, in their official capacities.
The bonds required by this order, when approved as provided herein,
shall be deposited with the Clerk of this Court for safekeeping.
No. 33. Murray Winters, appellant, v. The People of the State of
New York. This case is ordered restored to the docket and assigned.
for reargument. In addition to questions heretofore briefed and
argued counsel are requested to discuss in their briefs and on oral
argument the following:
1. Is subsection 2 of Section 1141 of the New York Penal Code, as
construed by the Court of Appeals, compatible with the Fourteenth
Amendment?
2. In view of such construction, assuming the answer to the first
question is in the affirmative, was the conviction herein compatible
with the Fourteenth Amendment, considering the state of the law
to have been what it was at the time that the acts were committed for
which the conviction was had.
3. In view of the construction herein given by the Court of Appeals
to subsection 2 of Section 1141 of the New York Penal Code, what was
the law, binding upon this Court, which governed the acts for which
the conviction herein was had? Was the conviction under such con-

MONDAY, JUNE 23, 1947
298
trolling law, as applied to this defendant at that time, compatible
with the Fourteenth Amendment?
No. 934. Tom C. Clark, Attorney General, as Successor to the Alien
Property Custodian, petitioner, v. Uebersee Finanz-Korporation,
A. G. This case is ordered restored to the docket and assigned for
reargument. The Chief Justice did not participate in the action of
the Court in this case.
No. 346. Silesian American Corporation, Debtor, and Silesian
Holding Company, petitioners, v. Tom C. Clark, Attorney General, as
Successor to the Alien Property Custodian. This case is ordered
restored to the docket and assigned for reargument immediately fol-
lowing the hearing of No. 934. The Chief Justice did not participate
in the action of the Court in this case.
No. 1427. Jacob Lichter and Jennie L. Lichter, Individually and as
Co-Partners Doing Business as Southern Fireproofing Company, a
Co-Partnership, petitioners, v. The United States of America. This
case is removed from the summary docket and is assigned for argu-
ment immediately preceding the hearing of Nos. 1295 and 1391.
No. 12, Original. The United States of America, complainant, v.
The State of California. The motion of the State of New Jersey for
leave to file a brief as amicus curiae is denied.
No. 300. Lillian B. Everett, petitioner, v. Wallis W. Downing. The
application of the petitioner for reconsideration of the order denying
leave to file a second petition for rehearing is denied.
No. 1286. I. H. Spears, appellant, v. Eva Mae Spears; and
No. 1370. I. H. Spears, appellant, v. Eva Mae Spears. The motion
of the appellant for an extension of time within which to file a petition
for rehearing is denied.
No. 1348. The United States of America, appellant, v. Paramount
Pictures, Inc., et al.;
No. 1349. Loew's Incorporated et al., appellants, v. The United
States of America;
No. 1350. Paramount Pictures, Inc., et al., appellants, v. The
United States of America;
No. 1351. Columbia Pictures Corporation et al., appellants, v. The
United States of America;
No. 1352. United Artists Corporation, appellant, v. The United
States of America; and
No. 1353. Universal Pictures Company, Inc., etc., et al., appellants,
v. The United States of America. In these cases probable jurisdiction
is noted. Further consideration of the motion of American Theatres
Association and others for leave to intervene is postponed to the hear-
ing of the cases on the merits. Mr. Justice Jackson took no part in
the consideration or decision of these questions.

MONDAY, JUNE 23, 1947
299
No. 1354. American Theatres Association, Inc., et al., appellants,
v. The United States of America, et al.; and
No. 1355. W. C. Allred et al., appellants, v. The United States of
America, et al. Further consideration of the question of the jurisdic-
tion of this Court in these cases is postponed to the hearing of the
cases on the merits. Mr. Justice Jackson took no part in the
consideration or decision of this question.
No. 1268. J. D. Shelley, Ethel Lee Shelley, His Wife, and Josephine
Fitzgerald, petitioners, v. Louis Kraemer and Fern Kraemer, His
Wife. The petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of
Missouri is granted. Mr. Justice Reed took no part in the considera-
tion or decision of this application.
No. 1363. Orsel McGhee and Minnie S. McGhee, His Wife, peti-
tioners, v. Benjamin J. Sipes and Anna C. Sipes et al. The petition
for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Michigan is granted
and the case is assigned for hearing immediately following the argu-
ment in No. 1268. Mr. Justice Reed took no part in the consideration
or decision of this application.
No. 1402. The United States of America, petitioner, v. Philip
Fried, George Neary, Benjamin Fried, and Samuel Birnbaum. The
petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of Appeals for the
Second Circuit is granted. Counsel are requested to give special con-
sideration in their briefs and on oral argument whether the time for
making application for certiorari in this case is governed by Rule
37 (b) (2) of the Rules of Criminal Procedure.
No. 1448. Homer C. Price, petitioner, v. James A. Johnston,
Warden, United States Penitentiary, Alcatraz, California. The mo-
tion for leave to proceed in forma pauperis is granted. The petition
for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of Appeals for the Ninth
Circuit is also granted.
No. 1476. Eddie (Buster) Patton, petitioner, v. State of Missis-
sippi. The motion for leave to proceed in forma pauperis is granted.
The petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Mississippi
is also granted. Execution of the sentence of death imposed on this
petitioner is stayed pending the final disposition of the case by this
Court.
No. 1222. Victor Lagow, petitioner, v. The United States of Amer-
ica. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of Appeals
for the Second Circuit denied.
No. 1231. Philip Fried and George Neary, petitioners, v. The
United States of America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Cir-
cuit Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit denied.
No. 1306. The United States, petitioner, v. James M. Hearne. Pe-
tition for writ of certiorari to the Court of Claims denied.

MONDAY, JUNE 23, 1947
300
No. 1339. Helen A. DeGuire, as Executrix of the Last Will and
Testament of George N. DeGuire, Deceased, petitioner, v. Joseph T.
Higgins, Collector of Internal Revenue of the United States for the
Third District of New York. Petition for writ of certiorari to the
Circuit Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit denied.
No. 1368. Protective Committee for Bonds of Old Colony Railroad
Company, petitioner, v. New York, New Haven & Hartford Railroad
Company, Debtor, et al.; and
No. 1369. Institutional Group for Boston Terminal Bonds, peti-
tioner, v. New York, New Haven & Hartford Railroad Company,
Debtor, et al. Petitions for writs of certiorari to the Circuit Court
of Appeals for the Second Circuit denied.
No. 1385. Sidney R. Newman, petitioner, v. Commissioner of In-
ternal Revenue. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court
of Appeals for the Second Circuit denied.
No. 1415. A. G. Collins and Nola Z. Collins, petitioners, v. The
United States of America and Emma Lee Collins, Now McCrummen.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of Appeals for the
Tenth Circuit denied.
No. 1420. D. M. Picton & Co., Inc., petitioner, v. W. K. Eastes et al.
Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of Appeals for the
Fifth Circuit denied.
No. 1443. Borg-Warner Corporation and David E. Gamble, peti-
tioners, v. George I. Goodwin and John F. Daukus. Petition for writ
of certiorari to the Circuit Court of Appeals for the Sixth Circuit
denied.
No. 1462. Consumers Home Equipment Company and Avery B.
Chereton, petitioners, v. The United States of America. Petition for
writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of Appeals for the Sixth Circuit
denied.
No. 1470. Richard Cecil Wilson, petitioner, v. The United States
of America. Petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of
Appeals for the Seventh Circuit denied.
No. 1058. Lillian Bleweiss Smith, petitioner, v. Commercial Trav-
elers Mutual Accident Association of America. Petition for writ of
certiorari to the Circuit Court of Appeals for the Seventh Circuit
denied. Mr. Justice Black is of the opinion that the petition should
be granted.
No. 1396. Robert B. Harris, petitioner, v. The State of Ohio. The
motion to dispense with the printing of the record is granted. The
petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Ohio is denied.
No. 1404. Ralph P. Counselman, petitioner, v. Philip B. Fleming,
Temporary Controls Administrator. The motion to substitute

MONDAY, JUNE 23, 1947
301
Earl W. Clark, Director, Liquidation Division, Department of Com-
merce, as the party respondent herein is granted. The petition for
writ of certiorari to the United States Emergency Court of Appeals
is denied.
No. 688. Earl Jordan, petitioner, v. The People of the State of New
York. On petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court, Tomp-
kins County, State of New York;
No. 1166. John J. Peterson, Formerly Jan Francis Sarazzawski,
petitioner, v. People of the State of California. On petition for writ
of certiorari to the Supreme Court of California;
No. 1367. Bert Charles Bowker, petitioner, v. Walter A. Hunter,
Warden, etc. On petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court
of Appeals for the Tenth Circuit;
No. 1483. John Ryan, petitioner, v. The People of the State of
New York. On petition for writ of certiorari to the County Court
of Kings County, State of New York;
No. 1484. Earl Spencer, petitioner, v. The People of the State of
Illinois. On petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of
Illinois;
No. 1485. Rudolph Pisani, petitioner, v. Joseph E. Ragen, Warden,
etc. On petition for writ of certiorari to the Criminal Court of Cook
County, State of Illinois;
No. 1492. Al Gavalis, petitioner, v. Joseph E. Ragen, Warden, etc.
On petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of Will County,
State of Illinois;
No. 1493. Darrell Lyons, petitioner, v. Joseph E. Ragen, Warden,
etc. On petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Illinois;
No. 1494. Carl Woodward, petitioner, v. Walter Nierstheimer,
Warden, etc. On petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court
of Illinois;
No. 1495. Ramon Remine, petitioner, v. The United States of
America. On petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of
Appeals for the Sixth Circuit;
No. 1497. Calvin Smith, petitioner, v. Joseph E. Ragen, Warden,
On petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of Will
County, State of Illinois;
etc.
No. 1498. William Wright, petitioner, v. Joseph E. Ragen, Warden,
etc. On petition for writ of certiorari to the Circuit Court of Appeals
for the Seventh Circuit;
No. 1507. George Small, petitioner, v. People of the State of New
York. On petition for writ of certiorari to the Court of General
Sessions, County of New York, State of New York; and
No. 1508. Henry A. Swanson, petitioner, v. State of Nebraska. On
petition for writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Nebraska. The
705009-47-101

MONDAY, JUNE 23, 1947
302
motions for leave to proceed in forma pauperis are granted. The peti-
tions for writs of certiorari are denied.
No. 700. Borg-Warner Corporation and David E. Gamble, peti-
tioners, v. George I. Goodwin and John F. Daukus;
No. 1177. Bessie Higgins, petitioner, v. The United States of
America;
No. 1365. Charles Campiglia, petitioner, v. State of New York;
and
No. 1282. Francis X. Gomila, petitioner, v. The United States of
America. The petitions for rehearing are denied.
No. 501. The Okonite Company, petitioner, v. Commissioner of
Internal Revenue. The motion for leave to file a second petition for
rehearing is denied.
No. 741. Michael J. Quinn, petitioner, v. The United States of
America. The motion for leave to file a petition for rehearing is
granted. The petition for rehearing is denied.
No. 909. Walter E. Meyer, Intervener, petitioner, v. Berryman
Henwood, as Trustee of St. Louis Southwestern Railway Company
Lines, et al. The petition for rehearing is denied. Mr. Justice Frank-
furter took no part in the consideration or decision of this application.
No. 940. Hill Packing Company, appellant, v. The City of New
York, William O'Dwyer, Mayor of the City of New York, et al.; and
No. 1189. Adolph Starr, petitioner, v. State Board of Law Exam-
iners for the State of Indiana and the Supreme Court of Indiana.
The petitions for rehearing are denied. Mr. Justice Douglas took no
part in the consideration or decision of these applications.
No. 1235. Donald Wakefield Smith, petitioner, v. The United
States of America. The petition for rehearing is denied. Mr. Jus-
tice Frankfurter took no part in the consideration or decision of this
application. Mr. Justice Murphy is of the opinion the petition for
rehearing should be granted.
No. 69. American Stevedores, Inc., petitioner, v. Rosario Porello
and The United States of America. It is ordered that the last sen-
tence on page 4 of the opinion in this case be amended to read as
follows: "It is true, as petitioner points out, that the proponent of
the bill in the House, Mr. Underhill, said, when the bill was intro-
duced: 'The bill I have introduced simply allows suits in admiralty
to be brought by owners of vessels whose property has been damaged.
by collision or other fault of Government vessels and Government
agents.'
999

MONDAY, JUNE 23, 1947
Mr. Acting Solicitor General Washington said:
"May it please the Court:
303
"It is the custom and tradition for the members of the bar and
the officers of this Court to record, in resolutions prepared and adopted
by a representative committee, their high consideration for members.
of this Court who have been removed by death from service with
the Court or from retirement after service. Such resolutions are
then presented to the Court, with the prayer that they be made a
part of its permanent record.
"The death of Chief Justice Stone occurred on April 22, 1946. Mr.
Justice McReynolds died on August 24, 1946. If it please the Court,
it is the desire of the Department of Justice to take the initiative in
calling upon the bar and officers of this Court to participate in memo-
rial meetings for these two departed members of the Court. It is
our hope that with the approval of the Court-the memorial meet-
ings may be held shortly after the Court convenes for the October
Term of 1947."
The Chief Justice responded:
"The Court will receive the resolutions."
ORDER
It is ordered, on this 23d day of June, 1947, that General Orders
No. 1, 10, 13, 24, 26, 27, 35 (4), 46, 50 (12) and 56, and Forms in
Bankruptcy No. 1, 12, 15, 17, 46, 47, 59, 70, 71, and 72 be, and they are
hereby, amended and established to read as hereinafter set forth.
It is further ordered that this order shall take effect on Tuesday,
July 1, 1947, and shall govern all proceedings then pending to which
its provisions are applicable except to the extent that in the opinion of
the Court its application to such proceedings would not be practicable
or work injustice, in which event the General Orders and Forms in
Bankruptcy heretofore established shall apply. (Here follow
amended orders and forms).
The Chief Justice announced the following order:
"All cases submitted and all business before the Court at this term
in readiness for disposition having been disposed of,
IT IS ORDERED by this Court that all cases on the docket be, and they
hereby are, continued to the next term."
Adjourned to the time and place appointed by law.